
--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587577.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587577.pdf
----------------------------------------
Newton's Iconic Portrait Commissioned by Newton 
Himself Two Years After the Publication of his 
Principia, 1687 
"The most impressive of all the Newton portraits" - 
Gjertsen, The Newton Handbook, 1986 
Sir Geoffrey Kneller, Portrait of Sir Isaac Newton 
at 47 years old, half length, wearing a brown 
cloak, leaning on a ledge, ca. 1689. 
Medium: Oil on canvas. 
Dimensions: [89.5 x 68.5 cm/35 1/4 x 27 inches] 
Frame: Original English giltwood, some chips and 
wear. 
Condition: Excellent, skillfully lined in the back. 
Provenance: 
(1) 
VISCOUNTS GALWAY, of Serlby Hall, 
Nottinghamshire, listed as purchased in 1725, 
described in article in 1867; Sold Christie's 
March 1979, lot 124; 
(2) 
CHRISTOPHER SELMES, capitalist, art-
collector, of Cheyne Walk and Lyegrove House 
nr Badminton; his sale, Christies, 26 
September 1988, lot 332; 
(3) 
VERNE L. ROBERTS (1939-1007), engineer, 
inventor, book-collector (Bibliotecha 
mechanics 1991) of North California. 
(4) 
Private collector 
Exhibited: 
EFTA00587577
--- PAGE 2 ---
London, Chesterfield House, "Marlborough and the 
Reign of Queen Anne," March, 1934, no. 226, lent by 
Viscounts Galway 
THE FIRST AND MOST IMPORTANT PORTRAIT OF SIR ISAAC 
NEWTON. This portrait is known as the "Portsmouth" 
type, depicting him at the peak of his fame two 
years after the publication of his monumental work 
Principia Mathematica, London, 1687. This portrait 
is chronologically the closest to the period of 
intense discovery that was to secure his fame. For 
a supposedly secretive and cautious man, it is 
surprising that Sir Isaac Newton had himself 
painted as often as he did. There exist at least 
seventeen different portrait types, of which only 
seven were painted for known purposes; two for book 
illustrations, two for the Royal Society and three 
commissioned by others. 
According to Fara's article on this portrait, 
"Newton's biographers maintain that he shunned fame 
and was uninterested in art. This might be the 
appropriate behavior for a reticent genius, but the 
visual evidence suggests that Newton actively 
fashioned his public persona. The sheer number of 
images testifies to his concern - over 20 busts and 
portraits, several of them paid for by Newton 
himself. He put some of them on display in his 
London home, including an expensive ivory plaque in 
the dining room, where guests could admire the good 
taste that only comes with wealth. To impress the 
international community of natural philosophers, he 
donated a large portrait to the Royal Society, 
labeling it prominently in gold letters - "Sir 
Isaac Newton, President."" 
"In 1689, when Newton visited Kneller's London 
studio, he was an obscure Cambridge scholar, author 
of an esoteric book incomprehensible to all but a 
EFTA00587578
--- PAGE 3 ---
few learned mathematicians. Drawing on 17th-century 
artistic conventions for depicting religious 
anchorites, Kneller produced a picture of a 
melancholy recluse enclosed in a windowless cell-
like study and driven to the verge of illness 
through obsessive reading. Promoters of science 
have always appreciated the power of pictures, and 
one of the most famous is Godfrey Kneller's Newton, 
years after the Principia was first published. 
All the signs of a dedicated solitary scholar are 
there--the unkempt gray hair, the thin pale face, 
the delicate hands, and the dark robes. Modern 
viewers immediately recognize the world's greatest 
scientific genius, and some even liken this Newton 
to Christ Himself." - Fara 
"Kneller's 1689 Newton became increasingly popular, 
initially in black and white and more recently in 
the full original colors. Gradually, it became the 
iconic image of a scientific genius." - Patricia 
Fara, "Perceptions of Science: Face values: How 
Portraits Win Friends and Influence People, Essays 
on Science and Society, Science, 7 February, 2003 
Gale Christianson wrote of this portrait, "Two 
years after the publication of the Principia in 
1687, Newton commissioned a portrait from the most 
fashionable painter of the day, Godfrey Kneller 
(1646-1723). After twenty years at Trinity College, 
Newton was emerging as both a Cambridge and a 
London celebrity, his status much enhanced by the 
Principia as well as by involvement with the Royal 
Society, [and] opposition to the interference of 
King James II (1633-1701) in Cambridge University 
affairs, followed by his election as MP for the 
university. It was newton's desire to assert his 
consequence that led him to Kneller's studio. The 
portrait was, for 150 years, less well known than 
other works by Kneller, but it is now reproduced...
EFTA00587579
--- PAGE 4 ---
"The 1689 Kneller portrait gives us an apparently 
uncluttered Newton: plainly dressed, with a full 
head of his own hair, intense and abstracted, an 
uncompromising, rigorous and unworldly thinker - an 
appropriate household god for an academic 
community." 
In sum, says Christianson, this is "the first and 
most appealing of the many likenesses we have of 
Newton, executed when the subject was at the height 
of his powers and poised on the threshold of 
international fame. The silver hair is thick and 
flowing, the myopic eyes somewhat protuberant but 
piercing, the angular chin deeply cleft, the mouth 
sensuous and delicately formed. The long thin 
fingers of the right hand, which extend from 
beneath an academic gown, are suggestive of a 
virtuoso of quite another kind, a performer of 
music rather than a revolutionary choreographer of 
matter's deterministic dance. In sum, Kneller's 
midlife portrait is a foreshadowing of that famous 
Jovian look borne by the aged Newton, who shared 
with Einstein THE ASPECT OF ONE PRESENT AT THE 
CREATION." 
There are two original variations of the 1689 
Kneller "Portsmouth" portrait type that are known 
to exist, listed below. Each example is unique and 
are entirely by the hand of Kneller. Neither 
version utilizes the work of his studio. 
1.The Portsmouth portrait, permanently housed in 
the collection of Lord Portsmouth, is smaller 
(30 x 35 inches) and is signed and dated 1689, 
and is housed in a later frame. It was 
considered a family portrait, as Newton kept it 
for the rest of his life, and upon his death, 
it passed to Catherine (Barton) Conduitt, his 
EFTA00587580
--- PAGE 5 ---
favorite niece. She left it to her daughter 
Catherine, and it went into the Portsmouth 
collection when Catherine married the Hon. John 
Wallop, Viscount Lymington in 1749. It has 
remained as part of this collection since that 
time. This is now know as Portsmouth version A. 
The Portsmouth portrait is somber and dark in 
mood, and shows the early Dutch influence on 
Kneller, who was part of the Dutch tradition in 
which he studied before coming to England. 
The words "ISAACUS NEWTONUS" in bold letting on 
the bottom left side of the painting was added 
sometime in the 18th century by someone 
unknown. This painting cannot be sold. 
2.0ur portrait, now known as Portsmouth version 
B, is also entirely by Kneller. Version B was 
directly compared side-by-side with Version A, 
and according to Kneller experts, is a newly 
discovered, and thus historically important 
original portrait of Newton, utilizing the same 
motif as the Portmouth version, but 
incorporating a different, and less somber mood 
through his different use of color, shading, 
and light, as well as head position. It is 
difficult to determine when version B was 
painted, but it would have been done within a 
few years of the 1689 Portsmouth version A, and 
prior to 1702. It was Kneller's later use of 
color, light, and shading, which contributed to 
his renowned reputation as the leading English 
portrait artist of the late 17th and early 18th 
century. Portsmouth version A is an early 
example of his work in color, light, and 
shading. 
EFTA00587581
--- PAGE 6 ---
Writing in 1867, Crompton says that this 
painting [Portsmouth version B] was mentioned 
"in an old catalogue of pictures" at Serlby 
Hall, was acquired by John Monckton, 1St 
Viscount Galway, in 1725. The first Viscount is 
known to have collected pictures, and his 
papers are preserved in the University of 
Nottingham; however the "old catalogue" that 
Crompton saw has not been found. Crompton wrote 
of this painting, "the only portrait of Newton 
worthy of notice." 
3.There is also a later, and "poorly executed" 
studio copy of the above in the collection at 
The Vyne, Basingstoke, Hampshire, belonging to 
the National Trust. This is a copy of 
Portsmouth version A, and is not in the hand of 
Kneller. This copy belongs to the National 
Trust, and can never be sold. 
Kneller would subsequently paint two other 
portraits of Newton. The one done in 1702, probably 
to commemorate his appointment to the Mastership of 
the Mint, is also in the Portsmouth collection. 
This second portrait is more formal in manner. 
Sir Geoffrey Kneller was the greatest master of the 
English baroque portrait. As Court painter to four 
sovereigns, he dominated English 
art for more than thirty years. 
There has not been a contemporary portrait of 
Newton offered in the market for over 30 years. 
Unless, there is a new discovery of an unknown 
work, this painting will be the only one that will 
ever be available as the other two versions are in 
public trust collections. This is an historical 
association of the highest significance as Newton 
directly had this painting commissioned by Kneller 
EFTA00587582
--- PAGE 7 ---
and it was no doubt given to a person or society of 
only the greatest rank. 
See the extensive article on this portrait in 
Patricia Fara, "Perceptions of Science: Face 
Values: How Portraits Win Friends and Influence 
People, Essays on Science and Society, Science, 7 
February, 2003 
For a hyperlink to this article: 
http://www.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/ful1/299/5608 
/831 
Samuel Crompton, "On the portraits of Sir Isaac 
Newton, and particularly on one of him by Kneller, 
painted about the time of the publication of the 
Principia, and representing him as he was in the 
prime of line," Proceedings of the Literary and 
Philosophical Society of Manchester, vi, (1866) pp. 
1-7 
Samuel Crompton, "The Chemical News and Journal of 
Physical Science," xvi (1867), pp. 205-206 
Gale Christianson, In the Presence of the Creator: 
Isaac Newton and His Times, 1984, p. 329 emphasis 
added. 
W. Milo Keynes, The Iconography of Sir Isaac Newton 
to 1800 (2005), no II-4 (this copy) 
J. Douglas Stewart, Sir Godfrey Kneller and the 
English Baroque Portrait (1983) 82-83 and no. 528 
Richard Westfall, Never at Rest: A Biography of 
Isaac Newttn (1980, 1993) p. 482 
EFTA00587583

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587584.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587584.pdf
----------------------------------------
Blue World Alliance 
Become a Global .Solver" 
Blue World Alliance generates practical solutions for the exploration, conservation and healing of our 
oceans through the GlobalSolvers' marketplace. 
The Challenge: The oceans, earth's life-support system, are at a tipping point for irreversible damage. 
Current efforts to reverse this trend are not yielding sufficient solutions. The urgency of the task 
demands a new model. 
The Solution: Blue World Alliance has created a breakthrough methodology in which prize-based 
competitions provide promising innovators with the funding, mentorship and strategic partnerships 
necessary to commercialize their solutions into products and services that yield tangible environmental 
benefits. 
These open competitions catalyze the creation of cross-discipline teams, deploying diverse skill sets, 
resulting in out of the box solutions to the oceans' most pressing threats. This is innovation through 
crowdsourcing—tapping the creative energies of a global audience to yield wide-ranging solutions. 
The Blue World Alliance methodology involves: 
• 
Harvesting a wealth of scientific research related to ocean-based challenges 
• 
Identifying and prioritizing challenges most suitable to prize- and grant-based competitions 
• 
Securing sponsorship for the prizes and administering the competitions on our web platform 
• 
Using our virtual marketplace to connect innovators through collaborating on challenges 
• 
Offering competitors start-to-finish mentoring throughout the competition process 
• 
Offering mentoring and business resources—post-Prize—in our incubator, Blue World Hatcheries 
• 
Providing competition winners access to investor capital to realize and scale their solutions 
• 
Creating partnerships with government, commercial, philanthropic and nonprofit sectors 
Funding Opportunity: The Blue World Alliance, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, seeks $10 million in 
start-up funds. There are three ways to invest: 
Founders Circle Investor: Make a minimum $1,000,000 tax-deductible gift to Blue World Alliance. This 
capital will be used to fund the team of talent (and the general operating expenses) that will launch and 
sustain Blue World Alliance prize and grant activities. $300,000 will be used towards prize sponsorship. 
Donors will then gain rights to invest in award-winning innovations—through direct equity agreements 
with contestants, investments in the incubator or in the companies themselves at the time of funding. 
Prize and Grant Sponsor: Fund a specific prize or grant to solve a particular ocean challenge. Prizes can 
range from $5,000 to $10,000,000 or more depending on the difficulty and need of the challenge. Prize 
sponsors set the equity terms for contests. Grants will be determined by the need of the challenge. 
Blue World Alliance Donor: Make a general tax-deductible donation to the Blue World Alliance ranging 
from $1 to $499,000 that helps build the Blue World Alliance network and sustains its work and mission. 
EFTA00587584

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587585.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587585.pdf
----------------------------------------
CAREN KELMAN EDWARDS 
5031 Pacific Village Drive 
Mobile: 
Carpinteria, CA 93013 
PROFILE 
Seasoned executive experienced in biopharmaceutical, software, medical device and healthcare 
industries. Specialized business focus, including publications and seminar presentations, on 
opportunities at the intersection of IT and the Biosciences. Specific expertise in strategic 
planning, business development and marketing management. Significant experience creating 
partnerships and developing product launches including; a multimillion-dollar corporate 
partnership and the worldwide product launch and on-going marketing responsibility for a $160 
million computer product business. Demonstrated ability working with early stage companies. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
BIOCOMPUTING ASSOCIATES Nationwide engagements 
Current 
1986-2006 
Principal Consultant Create business strategies and analyze new business opportunities, 
provide M&A and investment due diligence, execute business development and partnering 
activities, perform market research and marketing plans for emerging companies, large 
corporations and venture investors. Speaker and co-founder of The Biotech Conference at 
Laguna Niguel. 
Clients list includes: Pfizer, Pharmacia, Salick Healthcare, IBM Almaden Research, 3M, Apple 
Computer, Microsoft, Autodesk, Xerox, AMOCO Technologies, National Center for Computing 
Applications, 12 Venture Capital investors. For expanded client list see attachment which 
follows. 
POWER OF MINUS 9 CORPORATION Santa Barbara, CA 
2007-2008 
CEO and Cofounder Commercialized nanoscale simulation and design software developed at 
UCSB. Negotiated exclusive license to NVIDIA Corp. 
POLYS GROUP Santa Barbara, CA 2006-2007 
VP Business Development for orthopedic medical devices company. Recruited and collaborated 
with physicians on: clinical trials, product design, and medical advisory board. 
BIOCOMPUTING ASSOCIATES Nationwide engagements 
Principal Consultant, Strategic Consulting (see above and attachment) 
CUSTOM SOLUTIONS, INC. Mountain View, CA 
1986-2006 
1985-1987 
VP Marketing and Cofounder Created "Go to Market Plan" that secured venture financing and 
launched this vertical market software company. Responsible for product management, 
documentation, marketing communications and telemarketing. Company sold to competitor. 
EFTA00587585
--- PAGE 2 ---
AT&T/DIGITAL RESEARCH Pacific Grove and Palo Alto CA 
1983-1985 
Marketing Director, UNIX Library Created UNIX software publishing business. Contracted 
publishing partnerships for 20 software products. Responsible for marketing communications 
product marketing, documentation, quality assurance and technical support, staff. 
Retail Library Manager Contracted with vendors to create a software publishing business for PC 
software. Directed the marketing and support programs for over 500 software vendors. 
HEWLETT-PACKARD CORPORATION Cupertino, CA 
1979-1983 
Marketing Manager Managed software product acquisition group of 4 product managers. 
Acquired and marketed software products from 6 companies. Identified potential partners, 
structured relationships and negotiated contracts. Responsible for on-going partnerships, 
marketing, pricing, forecasting. 
Product Manager Created "Go to Market Plan" for HP 125 Personal Computer. Responsible 
for all marketing programs HP'S first personal computer, which generated over $160 million in 
revenue. Introduced product to European market, trained the European sales force in 5 countries, 
and sold to key corporate accounts. Produced HP 125 sales videotape which won the Bronze 
award in the 1981 New York International Film and Video Competition 
EDUCATION 
• 
MIT Sloan School of Management, MS in Management 
Boston, MA 
• 
Johns Hopkins University Department of Biophysics, 
Graduate student and Teaching Assistant 
Baltimore, MD 
• 
Johns Hopkins University, BS in Natural Sciences 
Baltimore, MD 
• 
American Chemical Society 
Washington, DC 
Certificate in computational chemistry and molecular modeling 
PUBLICATIONS 
• 
Contributing science journalist to: Genetic Engineering News, I/O Publishing, 
BioVenture View Publishing 
• 
Recent Articles in Genetic Engineering News: Systems Biology Draws on In Silico 
Methods, and Personalized Medicine: the Promise of Pharmacogenetics. 
INTERESTS 
Ocean sailing. U.S. Coast Guard 100 Ton Commercial Masters License. 
Officer in the Merchant Marines 
US Coast Guard Emergency Medical Training: Coast Guard requirement for Ship's Chief 
Medical Officer 
EFTA00587586
--- PAGE 3 ---
BioComputing Associates Selected Projects 
Pfizer: Analyzed and advised on the selection and acquisition of a molecular modeling 
software company. Engaged by acquisition team. 
Price Waterhouse Technology Center: Created and delivered seminar presentation on 
Rational Drug Design and the potential cost savings for the pharmaceutical Industry. Engaged 
by Director. 
Pharmacia Corporation: Evaluated improving drug development timelines through the use 
of molecular modeling software in identifying lead compounds. Engaged by Director 
Business Development 
Amoco Technologies: Identified opportunities for computer based imaging technologies in 
the Biosciences industry. Engaged by VP of Emerging Technologies 
National Center for Supercomputing Applications: Identified opportunities for applying 
computational methods to molecular recognition, protein engineering, and genome 
sequencing. Engaged by Director of the NCSA. 
Apple Computer: Created Strategic Plan for Scientific Markets and supported key 
pharmaceutical and chemical industry partners. Conducted primary market research with 
physicians on the requirements for mobile technology in hospital care and office practice. 
Developed Vertical Market Strategy for Apple Developers. Analyzed operating system market 
share/ and strategy. Engaged by: VP Technology, VP Corp Strategy, VP Marketing Handheld 
3M Corporation: Developed 5-year strategic plan for the Visual Systems Division, identified 
acquisition candidates, facilitated partnerships/negotiations, developed business model. 
Leveraged meeting Management Institute resources and strategy. Engaged by Division Vice 
President. 
IBM Almaden Research Center: Analyzed commercial opportunities for research projects 
in the chemistry market and recommended specific investments. Engaged by Director of 
Research at IBM Almaden, currently Director of Research for IBM Corporation. 
Pointe Conception Medical: Business development consulting to early stage company 
creating innovative endoscopic video system. Managed contract with major OEM/strategic 
Partner. Engaged by President. 
Microsoft Corporation: Analyzed sales and pricing model for Microsoft Office. Partnered 
with Bud Hyler, Logical Marketing, Engaged by VP of Marketing. 
Xerox Corporation: Developed product positioning for multifunction fax device. Engaged by 
Division VP. 
JobAps Inc. Strategic advisor to the CEO of this SAAS Web based Public Sector Software 
Company. Evaluated opportunities for investment and acquisition. 
EFTA00587587
--- PAGE 4 ---
Palm One: Developed strategy for president of this operating system spin-off of Palm 
Computing. Engaged by President. 
Federal Reserve Technology Center: Developed overview and opportunity analysis of 
image processing and digital check processing technologies. Engaged by the Director of 
Research, Federal Reserve Technology Center. 
Progenix: Analyzed and selected a hardware platform for image-based analysis of 
electrophoresis data. Engaged by Marketing VP. 
Oxford Molecular: Strategic Advisor to the President of this molecular biology software 
company. 
Venture Capital Clients 
Provided technical and market due diligence in addition to interim management for portfolio 
companies. Reviewed business plans, analyzed technology, business models, and researched 
markets. Specifically analyzed healthcare and medical device investment opportunities 
requiring due diligence with physicians 
Asset Management 
Dougery Wilder & Howard 
Fairfield Venture Partners 
Greylock Management 
Hancock Venture Partners 
Institutional Venture Partners 
Kleiner Perkins Caulfield & Byers 
Marathon Venture Partners 
Mayfield Fund 
Jasper Capital 
EFTA00587588
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00587589

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587590.pdf
----------------------------------------
Biography 
Kathleen Harrington 
Founding Partner, C/H Global Strategies 
Founding Partner of C/H Global Strategies, a strategic consulting firm, Kathleen Harrington brings decades of 
experience in domestic and international affairs to her new venture, with Co-Founder, Christina Culver. An 
innovative leader in business, communications, foreign policy, non-profit development, global venture 
philanthropy and maximizing public-private partnerships, Kathleen is a catalyst for changing organizations, a 
passionate advocate for women and children and a free and open media. 
Previously, Kathleen was Senior Vice President at Dutko Worldwide where she headed the company's Asia and 
global venture philanthropy practices. She has also been the CEO of her own consulting company, founder of 
an intemet news network, former Executive Director of the Robert F. Kennedy Memorial, and former Chief of 
Staff of the Broadcasting Board of Governors, overseeing global broadcast services. An expert on Asian 
affairs, Kathleen founded the U.S.-Korea Foundation and worked as Senior Advisor in the State Department's 
Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs under President Clinton. With deep political roots on Capitol Hill, 
Kathleen served on the staff of Senator Christopher Dodd and has worked on several Presidential campaigns. 
A graduate of Yale College with a Masters degree from Columbia University's School of International and 
Public Affairs, Kathleen is an avid sports woman and Red Sox fan, whose kids, Erin and Desmond, make every 
day a wonderful journey. 
EFTA00587590

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587591.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587591.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeff Sloman 
Robert Senior 
A Marie Villafana 
Dear Counsel 
We received notice this morning that the Podhurst firm has filed a civil 
Complaint seeking over $2,000,000 in addition to the $526,000 they have 
already been paid by Jeffrey Epstein for their work as attorney 
representatives. As we communicated to you in prior correspondence dated 
and 
(and during our February 
2010 meeting with you) there 
exists significant differences between Mr. Epstein and the attorney-
representative over what portions of the latter's bills were within Mr. 
Epstein's obligations under the NPA. Mr. Epstein has been attempting to 
resolve the outstanding invoices through efforts to review with the attorney 
representative the particulars of his charges, through settlement discussions 
with the attorney representative and through his signing a Special Masters 
Agreement which would allow a neutral third party to make a binding 
resolution as to what portions of the invoices at issue are reasonable, non-
duplicative, and within Mr. Epstein's NPA-obligations. It was only several 
days ago that Mr. Epstein even received an up to date invoice seeking 
payment for legal work dating back to 
. 
We regret these efforts did not resolve the matter and that the Podhurst 
firm elected instead to litigate. Mr. Epstein has today placed the entire 
disputed amount of $2,000,000 in a trust account (detail) pending the results 
of the litigation. Mr. Epstein has always agreed that he is entirely 
responsible for any settlement-related fees that are not excessive and will 
take no litigation position inconsistent with that understanding. 
YT 
RB 
MGW 
EFTA00587591

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587592.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587592.pdf
----------------------------------------
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC 
AMENDED AND RESTATED 
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 
Dock USI:96001950 
EFTA00587592
--- PAGE 2 ---
NARROWS HOLDINGS LW 
AMENDED AND RESTATED 
AGREEMENT OF LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
ARTICLE I ESTABLISHMENT OF THE COMPANY 
1.1 
Formation 
1.2 
Name 
1.3 
Purpose and Business of the Company 
1.4 
Powers 
1.5 
Term 
1.6 
Registered Office; Agent for Service of Process 
1.7 
Principal Office 
ARTICLE II DEFINITIONS 
2.1 
Definitions 
ARTICLE III CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND CAPITAL ACCOUNTS 
3.1 
Capital Accounts 
3.2 
Additional Contributions 
3.3 
Loans 
ARTICLE IV ALLOCATION OF PROFIT AND LOSS 
4.1 
Allocation of Profits and Losses 
4.2 
Regulatory Allocations 
ARTICLE V DISTRIBUTIONS 
5.1 
Distributions Other Than Upon Winding-Up 
5.2 
Distributions Upon Winding Up 
ARTICLE VI TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
6.1 
Right of First Refusal 
6.2 
Permitted Transfers 
6.3 
Certain Prohibited Transfers 
6.4 
Other Purported Transfers 
6.5 
No Right to Withdraw 
ARTICLE VII DISSOLUTION AND WINDING-UP 
7.1 
Events Occasioning Dissolution 
7.2 
Winding-Up 
7.3 
Liquidating Distributions 
ARTICLE VIII MANAGEMENT 
8.1 
Management by the Managing Members 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587593
--- PAGE 3 ---
8.2 
Number of Managing Members and Term of Office 
8.3 
Successor and Additional Managing Members 
8.4 
Resignation 
8.5 
Death, Dissolution, Incapacity or Bankruptcy of a Manager 
8.6 
Death, Incapacity or Bankruptcy of a Member 
8.7 
Other Interests 
8.8 
Reliance by Third Parties 
8.9 
Reimbursement of Expenses 
8.10 
Liability and Indemnity 
8.11 
Limited Liability 
ARTICLE IX SUBSTITUTION; ADDITIONAL MEMBERS 
9.1 
Substituted Members 
9.2 
Transfers of Managing Membership Interests 
9.3 
Additional Members 
ARTICLE X ACCOUNTING 
10.1 
Accounting Method.  
10.2 
Books and Records 
10.3 
Reports 
10.4 
Federal Income Tax Elections 
10.5 
Tax Matters Partner 
ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS 
11.1 
Decisions by the Managers 
11.2 
Amendments 
11.3 
Notices 
11.4 
No Delivery of Certificates 
11.5 
Governing Law 
11.6 
Further Assurances 
11.7 
Headings, Gender and Number 
11.8 
Benefit 
11.9 
Counterparts 
ii 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587594
--- PAGE 4 ---
AMENDED AND RESTATED 
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 
OF 
NARROWS HOLDING LLC 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
AGREEMENT made as of this 
day of 
, 2014, by and among 
the Persons or entities identified on Schedule A as Members of Narrows Holdings LLC 
(hereinafter referred to collectively as the "Members" and each individually, a "Member").
WHEREAS, Narrows Holdings LLC, a New York limited liability company (the 
"Company"), was formed by articles of organization duly filed with the State of New York 
Department of State on August 9, 1996, and such articles remain in full force and effect; 
WHEREAS, the Members of the Company entered into a Limited Liability 
Company Agreement dated as of November 22, 1996 (the "Original Agreement"), which sets 
forth the agreements and understandings of the Members in respect of the Company; 
WHEREAS, under Section 417 of the New York Limited Liability Company 
Law, as amended from time to time (the "Act"), the Original Agreement may be amended by the 
Members; and 
WHEREAS, in accordance with Section 417 of the Act, the Members desire to 
amend and restate the Original Agreement to establish the operating rules by which the Company 
is to be governed. 
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Original Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated in its entirety, as follows: 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587595
--- PAGE 5 ---
1.1 
ARTICLE I 
ESTABLISHMENT OF THE COMPANY 
Formation. The Company was formed as a limited liability company pursuant to 
the provisions of the Act. This Agreement sets forth fully the agreements and understandings of 
the Members in respect of the Company. 
1.2 
Name. The name of the Company is NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC. 
1.3 
Purpose and Business of the Company. The purpose of the Company is to pool 
certain of the funds of the Members so as to permit the Members to share in various investments 
(including investments in works of art). The Company is designed to ease the administrative 
burdens of managing assets, facilitate diversification, broaden access to investment opportunities 
and reduce transaction costs for the Members. The Company further may simplify the transfer of 
assets otherwise not readily divisible into small units, such as real property, works of art, 
partnership interests, interests in hedge funds, private equity funds and unincorporated business 
interests. The Company further may engage in any act or activity for which limited liability 
companies may be organized under the Act, in accordance with this Agreement. The Company 
is not being formed solely for the purpose of acquiring securities in connection with any 
particular investment. 
1.4 
Powers. The Company shall have the power to do all things necessary or 
desirable in the conduct of its business to the fullest possible extent. 
1.5 
Term. The term of the Company shall commence upon its formation pursuant to 
the Act and shall have perpetual existence unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of 
this Agreement. 
1.6 
Registered Office: Agent for Service of Process. The address of the Company's 
registered office in the State of New York is do Corporation Service Company, 80 State Street, 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587596
--- PAGE 6 ---
Albany, New York. The name and address of the registered agent for service of process in the 
State of New York is do Corporation Service Company, 80 State Street, Albany, New York. 
The Managers may, from time to time change the registered office or the registered agent of the 
Company. 
1.7 
Principal Office. The principal office of the Company shall be do Elysium 
Management LLC, 445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401, New York, New York 10022, or such other 
locations as the Managers may determine. 
ARTICLE II 
DEFINITIONS 
2.1 
Definitions. The following defined terms used in this Agreement shall have the 
respective meanings specified below. 
"Accounting Period" means the period of the Company beginning on the date 
hereof, the first day of a Fiscal Year or any other day reasonably selected by the Class A 
Managing Member (an "adjustment date") and ending on the earlier of the next succeeding 
adjustment date or the last day of a Fiscal Year. 
"Class A Managing Member" means each Managing Member designated on 
Schedule A as a Class A Managing Member and each Person appointed as an additional or 
successor Class A Managing Member in accordance with Section 8.4. The Class A Managing 
Members shall have the exclusive authority to manage the business of the Company and to carry 
out the purposes of the Company in accordance with Section 1.3; provided, however, that no 
Class A Managing Member shall participate in decisions regarding (i) the timing or amount of 
distributions to the Members (whether in cash or in kind); (ii) the timing or amount of additional 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587597
--- PAGE 7 ---
capital contributions required of the Members under Section 3.2; (iii) use of the Company 
property by the Members; or (iv) dissolution of the Company. The Class A Managing Members 
shall have no other powers or authority to act except as specifically authorized under this 
Agreement. 
"Class A Managing Membership Interest" means the Membership Interest (as 
hereinafter defined) of a Class A Managing Member. 
"Class B Managing Member" means each Managing Member designated as a 
Class B Managing Member on Schedule A and each Person appointed as an additional or 
successor Class B Managing Member in accordance with Section 8.4. The Class B Managing 
Members shall have full and exclusive authority to make all decisions regarding (i) the timing 
and amount of distributions to the Members, (ii) the timing or amount of additional capital 
contributions required of the Members under Section 3.2; (iii) use of the Company property by 
the Members; (iv) dissolution of the Company under Section 7.1; and (v) such other acts 
specifically provided in this Agreement. 
"Class B Managing Membership Interest" means the Membership Interest (as 
hereinafter defined) of a Class B Managing Member. 
"Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the 
corresponding provisions of any successor statute. 
"Eligible Person" means (i) any Person who is then a Member of the Company; 
(ii) Leon D. Black ("LDB")• (iii) a descendant of LDB ("LDB Descendant"); (iv) the spouse 
(including a same sex spouse) of any Member, LDB or LDB Descendant; (v) a descendant of 
any Member; (vi) the estate of any Member; (vii) trusts for the primary benefit of any one or 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587598
--- PAGE 8 ---
more Members, LDB or LDB Descendants, Qualified Charitable Organizations, the spouse 
(including a same sex spouse) of any Member, LDB or LDB Descendant and/or any one or more 
of the descendants of any Member; (viii) a beneficiary of any trust which is a Member; (ix) any 
custodian for the benefit of any of the foregoing individuals under any state's Uniform Transfers 
to Minors Act or comparable law in any other jurisdiction; and (x) any entity all the beneficial 
owners of which are Persons previously described in this paragraph. 
"Fiscal Year means each fiscal year of the Company (or portion thereof), which 
shall end on December 31; provided, however, that upon termination of the Company, "Fiscal 
Year shall mean the period from the January 1 immediately preceding such termination to the 
date of such termination. 
"Manager" unless otherwise specified, means any Managing Member (as 
hereinafter defined) and any non-Member Manager of the Company. 
"Managing Members" unless otherwise specified, means the Class A and Class B 
Managing Members and any future Class A or Class B Managing Members of the Company 
from time to time. 
"Membership Interest" means the ownership interest of a Member (whether a 
Managing Member or a non-Managing Member) in the Company at the relevant time, and the 
right of such Member to any and all benefits to which a Member may be entitled under this 
Agreement and the Act, together with all obligations of such Member to comply with the terms 
and provisions of this Agreement. 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587599
--- PAGE 9 ---
"Member" means each Person set forth on Schedule A holding an interest in the 
Company (whether as a Managing Member or a non-Managing Member) and such other Persons 
admitted as Members of the Company in accordance with Article IX. 
"Net Profit" and "Net Loss" mean the Company's net profits or net losses, as the 
case may be, determined on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles consistently applied and in accordance with the following: (i) Net 
Profits and Net Losses shall include realized and unrealized profits and losses with respect to all 
property or positions held by the Company. Realized or unrealized profit and loss with respect 
to any property or position held during any Fiscal Year includes the realized or unrealized 
appreciation or depreciation with respect to such property or position determined by comparing 
the net proceeds from the sale of such property or the closing of such position, as the case may 
be, or the market value of such property or position at the end of such Fiscal Year with either the 
cost of such property or position, if established during such Fiscal Year, or the market value of 
such property or position at the end of the preceding Fiscal Year, if such property was sold or 
such position established during a prior Fiscal Year, and (ii) there shall be deducted in computing 
Net Profits and Net Losses expenses if any, in respect of the particular Fiscal Year (whether 
performed therein or to be performed thereafter), and such reserves for contingent liabilities of 
the Company, including estimated expenses, if any. in connection therewith, as the Class A 
Managing Members shall determine. 
"Non-Managing Member" means any Member who is not a Class A or Class B 
Managing Member. 
"Non-Managing Membership Interest" means the Membership Interest of a Non-
Managing Member. 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587600
--- PAGE 10 ---
"Non-Member Manager" means such Manager or Managers as are elected in 
accordance with Sections 8.3.1 or 8.3.2. 
"Percentage Interest" means, with respect to each Member, the ratio of the Capital 
Account balance of such Member (and in the case of an assignee, such Member's assignor) and 
the aggregate Capital Account balances of all the Members (and their assignors) as of the date in 
question. The Percentage Interests of the Members, as of the date of the Agreement, are set forth 
on Schedule A. 
"Person" means any individual, corporation, association, partnership (general or 
limited), joint venture, trust, estate, limited liability company, or other legal entity or 
organization. 
"Oualified Charitable Organization" means a corporation, organization or other 
entity, transfers to which are deductible for Federal income, gift and estate tax purposes under 
Section 170(c), Section 2522(a) and Section 2055(a) of the Code. 
"Schedule A" means Schedule A annexed to this Agreement as amended and in 
effect from time to time. The Class A Managing Members shall amend Schedule A from time to 
time to reflect any change in ownership of Membership Interests or in a Member's Percentage 
Interest. Any amendment or revision to Schedule A in accordance with this Agreement shall not 
be deemed an amendment to this Agreement. 
"Treasury Regulations" shall mean the Income Tax Regulations promulgated 
under the Code, as amended from time to time. 
DoeN: USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587601
--- PAGE 11 ---
ARTICLE III 
CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
AND CAPITAL ACCOUNTS 
3.1 
Capital Accounts. 
3.1.1 
A separate capital account (a "Capital Account") shall be maintained for 
each Member. Each Member's Capital Account shall be credited with (i) the amount of such 
Member's aggregate capital contributions made in cash and the fair market value of all property 
contributed by such Member (net of liabilities that are secured by such contributed property), (ii) 
such Member's allocated share of Net Profit and other items of income and gain of the 
Company, and (iii) the amount of any Company liabilities assumed by such Member. Each 
Member's Capital Account shall be reduced by (i) the amount of any cash distributions to such 
Member and the fair market value of all property distributed in kind to such Member (net of 
liabilities that are secured by such distributed property), (ii) such Member's allocated share of 
Net Loss and other items of deduction and loss of the Company, and (iii) the amount of any 
liabilities of such Member assumed by the Company. 
3.1.2 The foregoing provisions and other provisions of this Agreement relating 
to the maintenance of Capital Accounts are intended to comply with Treasury Regulations 
§1.704-1(b)(2)(iv), and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. The Class A Managing 
Members shall be authorized to make appropriate amendments to the allocation of items to the 
Capital Accounts if necessary to comply with such Treasury Regulation. 
3.1.3 In the event of a transfer of any Membership Interest in the Company, the 
transferee shall succeed, as of the date of such transfer, to that portion of the transferor's Capital 
Account that relates to such transferred Membership Interest. 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587602
--- PAGE 12 ---
3.2 
Additional Contributions. 
3.2.1 Members shall be required to make additional capital contributions as 
provided in this Agreement. 
3.2.2 Each Member shall make such additional capital contributions as are 
demanded by the Class B Managing Member, within forty-five (45) days of the Class B 
Managing Member's demand (the "Closing Date"). If a Member fails to make such additional 
capital contribution by the Closing Date (the "Defaulting Member"), the amount of the 
Defaulting Member's unpaid additional capital contribution shall be treated (i) as a loan to the 
Defaulting Member from the Company; or (ii) as a loan to the Defaulting Member from such 
other Members, if any, who have paid the Defaulting Member's additional capital contribution 
on the Defaulting Member's behalf. In such event, the Defaulting Member shall pay to the 
Company interest, or to such other Members, their pro rata portion of the interest, on the unpaid 
additional capital contribution at the rate of five percent (5%) per annum until the Defaulting 
Member has paid the outstanding additional capital contribution in full. Interest shall accrue 
commencing with the Closing Date, and shall be due and payable on each anniversary of the 
Closing Date. 
3.2.3 Any Member may make additional contributions of capital, in cash or in 
property, in amounts and at times agreed to by the Class B Managing Member. In the event that 
a contribution of capital is made at a time other than the end or beginning of a calendar year, the 
Class B Managing Member may treat such contribution (or, in the case of contributed property, 
the fair market value of such property) as a loan until the end of the then-current accounting 
period, bearing interest at a rate that is determined by the Class B Managing Member to be a fair 
and reasonable interest rate, taking into account the interests of all Members. 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587603
--- PAGE 13 ---
3.2.4 The Class B Managing Member shall update the Company's books and 
records to reflect any additional capital contribution. 
3.3 
Loans. Any Member may, but shall not be required to, make loans to the 
Company and, in respect of such loans, shall be treated as a creditor of the Company. Such loans 
shall be repaid as and when the Company has funds available therefor, and such loans and 
interest thereon (at rates to be agreed upon by the lending Member and the Company) shall 
constitute obligations of the Company. Any such loan shall not increase such Member's Capital 
Account, entitle such Member to any increase in such Member's share of the profits of the 
Company or subject such Member to any greater proportion of losses which the Company may 
sustain. 
ARTICLE IV 
ALLOCATION OF PROFIT AND LOSS 
4.1 
Allocation of Profits and Losses. 
4.1.1 The Company's Net Profit and Net Loss for any Accounting Period shall 
be allocated among the Members in proportion to their Percentage Interests. 
4.1.2 The Company's items of income, gain, loss and deduction shall be 
allocated for Federal, state and local income tax purposes among the Members proportionately to 
the allocation of Net Profit and Net Loss among the Members. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
solely for Federal, state and local income tax purposes, in accordance with Sections 704(b) and 
704(c) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, income, gain, loss and 
deduction with respect to property contributed to the Company by a Member shall be allocated 
among the Members in accordance with Section 704(c) of the Code and the Treasury 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587604
--- PAGE 14 ---
Regulations promulgated thereunder so as to take account of any difference between the tax basis 
of such property to the Company for Federal income tax purposes and its book basis. 
4.1.3 If any Membership Interest is transferred or any Percentage Interest is 
changed pursuant to the terms of the Agreement during a Fiscal Year, the amount of Net Profit 
and Net Loss to be allocated to the Members for such entire Fiscal Year in accordance with their 
respective Percentage Interests shall be allocated to the portion of such Fiscal Year which 
precedes the date of such transfer or change (and if there shall have been a prior transfer or 
change in such Fiscal Year, which commences on the date of such prior transfer or change) and 
to the portion of such Fiscal Year which occurs on and after the date of such transfer or change 
(and if there shall be a subsequent transfer or change in such Fiscal Year, which precedes the 
date of such subsequent transfer or change), in proportion to the number of days in each such 
portion (or, in the case of a transfer, in accordance with an interim closing of the books at the 
election and the expense of the parties to the transfer), and the amounts of the items so allocated 
to each such portion shall be credited or charged to the Members in proportion to their respective 
Percentage Interests during each such portion of the Fiscal Year in question. Such allocation 
shall be made without regard to the date, amount or receipt of any distributions that may have 
been made with respect to the transferred Membership Interest. As of the date of such transfer, 
the transferee Member shall succeed to the Capital Account of the transferor Member with 
respect to the transferred Membership Interest. 
4.2 
Regulatory Allocations. 
4.2.1 
Section 704 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations issued thereunder, 
including but not limited to the provisions of such Treasury Regulations addressing qualified 
income offset provisions, minimum gain chargeback requirements and allocations of deductions 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587605
--- PAGE 15 ---
attributable to nonrecourse debt and partner nonrecourse debt, are hereby incorporated by 
reference. If, as a result of the provisions of Section 704 of the Code and such Treasury 
Regulations, items of Net Profit or Net Loss are allocated to the Members in a manner that is 
inconsistent with the manner in which the Members intend to divide Company distributions as 
reflected in Section 4.1, to the extent permitted under such Treasury Regulations, items of future 
profit and loss shall be allocated among the Members so as to prevent such allocations from 
distorting the manner in which Company distributions will be divided among the Members 
pursuant to this Agreement. 
4.2.2 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IV, no Member shall 
be allocated in any Fiscal Year of the Company any Net Loss to the extent such allocation would 
cause or increase a deficit balance in such Member's Capital Account, determined after taking 
into account all other allocations to be made for such year pursuant to this Article IV and after 
adjusting such Capital Account for the reasonably expected adjustments, allocations and 
distributions described in Treasury Regulations §1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d). In the event that one but 
not all of the Members would have a deficit balance in his Capital Account, the limitation set 
forth in this Section 4.2.2 shall be applied so as to allocate the maximum permissible Net Loss to 
such Member under Treasury Regulations §1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d). Any such Net Loss in excess of 
the limitation set forth in this Section 4.2.2 that would be allocated to a Member shall be 
allocated to the other Member or Members. In the event any Member has a deficit balance in his 
Capital Account at the end of any Fiscal Year, such Member shall be specially allocated items of 
Company income and gain in the amount of such excess as quickly as possible, provided that an 
allocation pursuant to this Section 4.2.2 shall be made only if and to the extent that a Member 
would have a deficit balance in his, her or its Capital Account in excess of such sum after all 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587606
--- PAGE 16 ---
other allocations provided for in this Article IV have been tentatively made as if this Section 
4.2.2 were not in this Agreement. This Section 4.2.2 is intended to comply with the qualified 
income offset requirement of Treasury Regulations §1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and shall be interpreted 
consistently therewith. 
ARTICLE V 
DISTRIBUTIONS 
5.1 
Distributions Other Than Upon Winding-Up. Distributions shall be made to the 
Members at the times and in the aggregate amounts determined in the sole discretion of the Class 
B Managing Members. Such distributions shall be allocated among the Members in proportion 
to their Percentage Interests. The Class B Managing Members shall have authority to make any 
such distributions on behalf of any Member (i) directly to the United States Treasury and any 
state or local taxing authority of such amounts as may be necessary to discharge such Member's 
income tax liability (including but not limited to Federal, State, local or otherwise) and (ii) if 
such Member is under the age of majority, to a custodian on behalf of such Member. 
5.2 
Distributions Upon Winding Up. Upon the dissolution and winding-up of the 
Company, distributions shall be made as provided in Section 7.3. 
ARTICLE VI 
TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
6.1 
Right of First Refusal. Except as permitted by Section 6.2, but in all events 
subject to Section 9.1 hereof, no Member or any assignee thereof shall have the right to sell, 
assign, or otherwise transfer all or any part of such Member's Membership Interest (the "Offered 
Interests") unless such Member or assignee (the "Seller") first offers to sell the Offered Interests 
pursuant to the terms of this Section 6.1. 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587607
--- PAGE 17 ---
6.1.1 No transfer may be made under this Section 6.1 unless the Seller has 
received a bona fide written offer (the "Purchase Offer") from the prospective transferee (the 
"Purchaser") to purchase the Offered Interests for a purchase price (the "Offer Price") 
denominated and payable in United States dollars at closing or according to specified terms, with 
or without interest, which offer shall be in writing signed by the Purchaser and shall be 
irrevocable for a period ending no sooner than the day following the end of the Offer Period, as 
hereinafter defined. 
6.1.2 Prior to making any transfer that is subject to the terms of this Section 6.1, 
the Seller shall give to each Member, written notice (the "Offer Notice") which shall include the 
following: (1) the identity of the Purchaser; (2) a copy of the Purchase Offer; (3) a statement 
signed by the Purchaser to the effect that, upon purchase of the Offered Interests, the Purchaser 
agrees to become a Member, to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as 
a Member with respect to the Offered Interests, and to execute such documents and instruments 
as the other Members deem necessary or appropriate to confirm such agreements; and (4) an 
offer (the "Firm Offer") to sell the Offered Interests to the other Members (the "Offerees") for 
the Offer Price, payable according to the same terms as (or more favorable terms than) those 
contained in the Purchase Offer, provided that the Firm Offer shall be made without regard to the 
requirement of any earnest money or similar deposit required of the Purchaser prior to closing, 
and without regard to any security (other than the Offered Interests) to be provided by the 
Purchaser for any deferred portion of the Offer Price. 
6.1.3 The Firm Offer shall be irrevocable for a period (the "Offer Period") 
ending at 5:00 •., 
local time, at the Company's principal place of business, on the ninetieth 
(90th) day following the day of the Offer Notice. 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587608
--- PAGE 18 ---
6.1.4 At any time during the Offer Period, any Offeree may accept the Firm 
Offer as to all or any portion of the Offered Interests by giving written notice of such acceptance 
to the Seller and each other Offeree (an "Acceptance") which notice shall indicate the maximum 
portion of the Offered Interests that such Offeree is willing to purchase. In the event that 
Offerees ("Accepting Offerees"), in the aggregate, accept the Firm Offer with respect to all, or 
more than all, of the Offered Interests during the Offer Period, the Firm Offer shall be deemed to 
be accepted. In the event that Accepting Offerees accept the Finn Offer with respect to more 
than all of the Offered Interests, each Accepting Offeree shall be deemed to have accepted the 
Firm Offer with respect to that portion of the Offered Interests that corresponds to the ratio of the 
Offered Interests that such Accepting Offeree indicated a willingness to purchase to the 
aggregate Offered Interests all Accepting Offerees indicated a willingness to purchase. If 
Offerees do not accept the Finn Offer as to all, or more than all, of the Offered Interests during 
the Offer Period, the Firm Offer shall be deemed to be rejected in its entirety. 
6.1.5 In the event the Finn Offer is accepted, the closing of the sale of the 
Offered Interests shall take place within thirty (30) days after the Finn Offer is accepted or, if 
later, the date of closing set forth in the Purchase Offer. The Seller and all Accepting Offerees 
shall execute such documents and instruments as may be necessary or appropriate to effect the 
sale of the Offered Interests pursuant to the terms of the Finn Offer and this Section 6.1 and such 
sale shall be subject to the provisions of Section 9.1. 
6.1.6 If the Finn Offer is not accepted in the manner hereinabove provided, the 
Seller may sell the Offered Interests to the Purchaser at any time within sixty (60) days after the 
last day of the Offer Period, provided that such sale shall be made on terms no more favorable to 
the Purchaser than the terms contained in the Purchase Offer and provided further that such sale 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587609
--- PAGE 19 ---
complies with the other terms, conditions, and restrictions of this Agreement that are applicable 
to sales of Membership Interests and are not expressly made inapplicable to sales occurring 
under this Section 6.1. In the event that the Offered Interest is not sold in accordance with the 
terms of the preceding sentence, the Offered Interest shall again become subject to all of the 
conditions and restrictions of this Section 6.1. 
6.2 
Permitted Transfers. Notwithstanding Section 6.1, but in all events subject to 
Sections 9.1 and 9.2 hereof, a Member may sell, assign, pledge or otherwise transfer all or any 
part of such Member's Membership Interest without an offer first having been made pursuant to 
Section 6.1 if, and only if, such transferee or pledgee is an Eligible Person. In addition, 
notwithstanding Section 6.1, any interest as a Member which is held by a custodian for a minor 
under a Uniform Gifts to Minors Act, Uniform Transfers to Minors Act or a similar act shall be 
fully transferable and assignable to the minor when the minor reaches the age of termination of 
such custodianship under the applicable statute. 
6.3 
Certain Prohibited Transfers. Notwithstanding Sections 6.1 and 6.2 hereof, no 
Member shall have the right to sell, assign, or otherwise transfer any portion or all of such 
Member's Membership Interest if such sale, assignment or other transfer would cause (i) the 
Company to be classified as a publicly traded partnership or otherwise as a corporation for 
United States federal income tax purposes or (ii) unless the Company determines it to be 
immaterial, a termination of the Company pursuant to Section 708 of the Code. 
6.4 
Other Purported Transfers. No Member shall have the right to sell, assign, 
mortgage, pledge, or otherwise voluntarily transfer or encumber any portion or all of such 
Member's Membership Interest, except as provided in Sections 6.1 and 6.2 hereof. A transferee 
who acquires a Membership Interest by any purported sale, assignment, mortgage, pledge, 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587610
--- PAGE 20 ---
hypothecation or other voluntary transfer or encumbrance by a Member of any or all of such 
Member's Membership Interest, in violation of this Article, shall be entitled only to share in such 
profits and losses, to receive such distribution or distributions, and to receive such allocation of 
income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit or similar item to which the assignor was entitled, to the 
extent assigned. Such transferee shall have no right to an accounting of the affairs of the 
Company and shall not have any rights of a Member under the Act or this Agreement, except as 
to allocations and distributions with respect to such transferred interests. 
6.5 
No Right to Withdraw. 
6.5.1 No Member may withdraw from the Company or reduce such Member's 
Capital Account without the unanimous consent of the Class B Managing Members. No 
Member shall be entitled to receive or be credited with any interest on the balance in such 
Member's Capital Account at any time. A Member who withdraws or purports to withdraw as a 
Member of the Company in violation of this Agreement shall be liable to the Company for any 
damages suffered by the Company on account of the breach and shall not be entitled to receive 
any payment of his, her or its interest in the Company or a return of his, her or its capital 
contribution until the time otherwise provided herein for distribution to Members, but shall 
nevertheless be entitled to distributions in accordance with Section 5.1 hereof. 
6.5.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.5: At the 
request of a Member who shall have received consent to withdraw from the Company pursuant 
to Section 6.5.1 (the "Withdrawing Member") the Class B Managing Members may, but are not 
required to, redeem the Withdrawing Member's Membership Interest, in whole or in part, by 
distributing assets to such Withdrawing Member, the fair market value of which is to be 
determined by the Class B Managing Members. If any Member's Membership Interest is not 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587611
--- PAGE 21 ---
completely redeemed, such Member's Capital Account is to be adjusted to reflect the decline in 
his, her or its Capital Account. Nothing herein shall be construed to create a right in a Member 
to have his or her Membership Interest redeemed. 
ARTICLE VII 
DISSOLUTION AND WINDING-UP 
7.1 
Events Occasioning Dissolution. The Company shall dissolve and terminate upon 
the first to occur of any of the following events: 
7.1.1 The unanimous written consent of the Class B Managthe, Members to 
dissolve the Company; 
7.1.2 The entry of a decree of judicial dissolution under Section 702 of the Act; 
and 
7.1.3 Except as provided in Section 701(a)(4) of the Act, at any time there are 
no Members. 
7.2 
Winding-Uo. The Company shall be allowed one year from the date of any event 
occasioning dissolution for the winding-up of its affairs and shall be allowed such additional 
time as may be reasonable for the orderly sale of the Company properties. 
7.3 
Liquidating Distributions. Upon the dissolution and winding-up of the Company, 
the assets of the Company shall be distributed in the following order of priority: 
7.3.1 To the payment of the expenses of winding-up, including the 
establishment of any reserves against liabilities or obligations of the Company that the Class B 
Managing Members deem appropriate, such reserves to be charged against the Members' Capital 
Accounts according to the Percentage Interests of the Members, which reserve, prior to payment 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587612
--- PAGE 22 ---
of such liabilities and obligations, shall be placed in the hands of an escrow agent for such period 
and upon such terms as the Class B Managing Members shall determine; and, then, 
7.3.2 To the payment of other debts and liabilities of the Company and, then, 
7.3.3 To the Members in proportion to their Percentage Interests. 
ARTICLE VIII 
MANAGEMENT 
8.1 
Management by the Managing Members. 
8.1.1 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement (including as provided in 
Section 2.1 hereof), the business affairs of the Company shall be managed exclusively by the 
Class A Managing Members in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.1 below. The Class 
A Managing Members shall have all necessary powers to carry out the purposes and business of 
the Company, including, but not limited to investment decisions and all other powers not herein 
reserved to the Class B Managing Members. The Class B Managing Members shall have full 
and exclusive authority to make all decisions regarding the timing and amount of distributions to 
the Members, use of the Company property by the Members, the timing and amount of 
additional capital contributions required of the Members and the dissolution of the Company 
under Section 7.1 and such other powers specifically provided for in this Agreement and not 
reserved to the Class A Managing Members. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Class A 
Managing Members may appoint officers of the Company or other authorized persons who shall 
be authorized to perform such actions for and on behalf of the Company as the Class A 
Managing Members shall determine; provided, however, any appointment by the Class A 
Managing Members shall be limited to the rights, powers and authority vested in the Class A 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587613
--- PAGE 23 ---
Managing Members. The President, Vice President, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company 
shall be the individuals as may be appointed by the Class A Managing Members from time to 
time, which individuals shall serve until the earlier of their retirement, removal, death or 
disability. The Class A Managing Members and/or, to the extent determined by the Class A 
Managing Members, any officers appointed or authorized persons designated by the Class A 
Managing Members, shall have all necessary powers to carry out the purposes of the Company 
(other than those powers expressly reserved to the Class B Managing Members). The Class A 
Managing Members may remove any officer or authorized person at any time, without cause. In 
exercising the powers granted by this Agreement and in performing the duties required by this 
Agreement with respect to the management and operation of the Company, each Class A and 
Class B Managing Member, pursuant to general principles of law, has a fiduciary duty to act in 
the best interests of the Company and the Members. 
8.1.2 Except with respect to those powers reserved to the Class B Managing 
Members, the Class A Managing Members shall have full power to do everything in 
administering the Company that the Class A Managing Members may deem advisable, in 
addition to those powers granted by law, including the power: To retain so long as the Class A 
Managing Members may deem advisable and to acquire by purchase or otherwise, any kind of 
real property or personal property, including (without limitation) common and preferred stocks, 
interests in investment companies and discretionary common trust funds, hedge funds, private 
equity funds, partnerships (whether or not as a general partner) and limited liability companies 
(whether or not as a manager), works of art, undivided interests and secured and unsecured 
obligations -- all without diversification as to kind or amount and without being limited to 
investments authorized by law; to sell for cash or on credit (at public or private sale), exchange, 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587614
--- PAGE 24 ---
mortgage, lease for any period (either as landlord or tenant and including renewals of the term) 
and modify, extend or cancel leases, grant options or otherwise dispose of or deal with any real 
or personal property, all without regard to statutory restrictions, in such manner and upon such 
terms and conditions as they deem advisable without first obtaining a court order; to erect, 
renovate or alter buildings or otherwise improve and manage buildings and property; demolish 
buildings; make ordinary and extraordinary repairs; grant easements and make party wall 
contracts; dedicate roads; subdivide; adjust boundary lines and partition; to distribute in kind or 
in money or partly in each, even if shares be composed differently; to hold property in the names 
of nominees or so that it will pass on delivery, and to leave property in the custody of a firm of 
stockbrokers and registered in the name of the stockbrokers' nominees; to renew, assign, alter, 
extend, compromise, abandon or release or arbitrate claims asserted by or against the Company; 
to engage and rely on brokers and investment counsel, accountants, appraisers and other experts 
(including art experts) and legal counsel and to compensate them; to employ custodians of the 
assets and bookkeepers and clerks and other assistants; to borrow money and mortgage and 
pledge any Company property for any purpose, provided that no Person who makes any 
nonrecourse loan to the Company shall have or acquire, as a result of making such loan, any 
direct or indirect interest in the profits, capital or property of the Company, other than as a 
creditor; and to lend funds to any Person, (including a Member or Manager of the Company, 
provided that such dealings shall be on terms no less favorable to the Company than terms that 
would be obtained on an arms-length basis), with or without security and upon such terms and 
conditions as the Class A Managing Members deem advisable. 
8.2 
Number of Managing Members and Term of Office. There shall always be at 
least one (I) Class A Managing Member and at least one (1) Class B Managing Member. Each 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587615
--- PAGE 25 ---
Managing Member shall hold office until (i) its resignation or removal, if an entity, or (ii) her or 
his earlier death, incapacity, resignation or removal, if an individual. 
8.3 
Successor and Additional Managing Members. 
8.3.1 The Class A Managing Members, acting unanimously, if more than one is 
serving, may designate one or more of the then Non-Managing Members to serve as an 
additional or successor Class A Managing Member, as the case may be, with a portion or all of 
any such Non-Managing Member's then existing Membership Interests, in the sole discretion of 
such Class A Managing Members being converted to Class A Managing Membership Interests. 
As conditions precedent to a designated Non-Managing Member becoming an additional or 
successor Class A Managing Member, the designation of such Non-Managing Member must be 
approved by a majority in interest of the Members and such Non-Managing Member must 
qualify for the position of Class A Managing Member. If a vacancy in the office of Class A 
Managing Member occurs and a successor Class A Managing Member has not been designated 
in accordance with this Section, a successor Class A Managing Member shall be designated by 
an affirmative vote of a majority in interest of the Members and the successor so designated shall 
serve as successor Class A Managing Member upon qualifying for the position. A successor or 
additional Class A Managing Member shall qualify under this Section if such Person provides 
the Members with a statement that it, he or she agrees to become a Class A Managing Member 
and to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as a Class A Managing 
Member. In the absence of a Class A Managing Member, a Non-Member Manager may be 
appointed by an affirmative vote of a majority in interest of the Members to manage the 
Company and have all of the rights, powers and duties that the Class A Managing Members 
would otherwise have pursuant to this Agreement. 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587616
--- PAGE 26 ---
8.3.2 The Class B Managing Members, acting unanimously, if more than one is 
serving, may designate one or more of the then Non-Managing Members to serve as an 
additional or successor Class B Managing Member, as the case may be, with a portion or all of 
any such Non-Managing Member's then existing Membership Interests, in the sole discretion of 
such Class B Managing Members being converted to Class B Managing Membership Interests. 
As conditions precedent to a designated Non-Managing Member becoming an additional or 
successor Class B Managing Member, the designation of such Non-Managing Member must be 
approved by a majority in interest of the Members and such Non-Managing Member must 
qualify for the position of Class B Managing Member. If a vacancy in the office of Class B 
Managing Member occurs and a successor Class B Managing Member has not been designated 
in accordance with this Section, a successor Class B Managing Member shall be designated by 
an affirmative vote of a majority in interest of the Members and the successor so designated shall 
serve as successor Class B Managing Member upon qualifying for the position. A successor or 
additional Class B Managing Member shall qualify under this Section if such Person provides 
the Members with a statement that it, he or she agrees to become a Class B Managing Member 
and to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as a Class B Managing 
Member. In the absence of a Class B Managing Member, a Non-Member Manager may be 
appointed by an affirmative vote of a majority in interest of the Members to manage the 
Company and have all of the rights, powers and duties that the Class B Managing Members 
would otherwise have pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of 
this Section 8.3.2, if LDB consents to or participates in the election or designation of an 
additional or successor Class B Managing Member as set forth in this Section 8.3.2, such 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587617
--- PAGE 27 ---
additional or successor Class B Managing Member must be a Person who is not related or 
subordinate to LDB within the meaning of Section 672(c) of the Code. 
8.4 
Resignation and Removal. 
8.4.1 A Managing Member may resign at any time. Such resignation shall be 
made in writing and shall take effect at the time specified therein, or if no time is specified, at the 
time of its receipt by any other Managing Member holding the same class of interest, or if no 
other Managing Member of the same class is then serving, by the Members. The acceptance of a 
resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective, unless expressly so provided in the 
resignation. 
8.4.2 The Members holding at least a two-thirds (2/3) Membership Interest may, 
by vote or unanimous written consent, remove any acting Manager at any time, without cause. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if LDB participates in the removal of any Manager as set forth in 
this Section 8.4.2, the successor Manager may not be related or subordinate to LDB within the 
meaning of Section 672(c) of the Code. 
8.4.3 The Managing Membership Interests of a Managing Member who resigns 
or is removed pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 8.4 automatically shall be 
converted into Non-Managing Membership Interests. 
8.5 
Death, Dissolution, Incapacity or Bankruptcy of a Manager. 
8.5.1 
Upon the dissolution, incapacity, termination, withdrawal, 
expulsion, or adjudication of bankruptcy or insolvency of any Manager or upon the entry of an 
order for relief, naming any Manager as the debtor in proceedings under any Chapter of the 
Bankruptcy Code, such Manager shall cease to act as a Manager of the Company (and if such 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587618
--- PAGE 28 ---
Manager is a Managing Member, his, her or its Managing Membership Interests shall be 
converted to non-Managing Membership Interests). In that case, the remaining or successor 
Managers of that Class of Membership Interests (if any), shall continue as the Managers of that 
Class of Membership Interests. If there is no remaining or successor Manager of that Class of 
Membership Interests, then one or more Persons shall be appointed as Managers of that Class of 
Membership Interests in accordance with Section 8.3. Upon the death of an individual who is a 
Class A or Class B Managing Member, his or her interest as a Class A or Class B Managing 
Member may be transferred to his or her estate and/or to any individual or trust pursuant to the 
terms of his or her Will or the laws of intestacy, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the provisions of this Section 8.5.1 shall be subject to the conditions set forth in 
Section 9.2. 
8.5.2 
A Manager shall be deemed incapacitated when either (i) a court of 
competent jurisdiction has issued a final order that the Manager is an adjudged incompetent or 
appoints a guardian, conservator, committee or other similar fiduciary, or (ii) a licensed 
physician or psychiatrist appointed either by a majority of the other Managers of that Class of 
Membership Interests or by a majority in interest of the Members (excluding any Membership 
Interests held by the Manager whose capacity is at issue) certify in writing that, in his or her 
opinion, such Manager lacks sufficient understanding or capacity to make and communicate 
decisions about the management and operation of the Company. 
8.6 
Death, Incapacity or Bankruptcy of a Member. 
8.6.1 
The death, incapacity, liquidation, dissolution, or entry of an order 
for relief in a bankruptcy case of a Member (a "former Member") shall not dissolve the 
Company. In any such event, the successors, assigns, executors, administrators or personal 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587619
--- PAGE 29 ---
representatives of such former Member shall have all the rights of a Member in respect of 
distributions, allocations and capital, but shall not become a Member unless a majority in interest 
(excluding Membership Interests held by the former Member) of the remaining Members 
consent and the provisions of Section 9.1 have been satisfied. The estate of a deceased former 
Member shall be deemed to be the assignee of such former Member's Membership Interest and 
such estate shall be bound in all respects by the deceased former Member's obligations to the 
Company. 
8.6.2 
A Member shall be deemed incapacitated when either (i) a court of 
competent jurisdiction has issued a final order that the Member is an adjudged incompetent or 
appoints a guardian, conservator, committee or other similar fiduciary, or (ii) a licensed 
physician or psychiatrist appointed either by a majority of the Managing Members or by a 
majority in interest of the Members (excluding the Membership Interests held by the Member 
whose capacity is at issue) certify in writing that, in their opinion, such Member lacks sufficient 
understanding or capacity to make and communicate decisions concerning such Member's 
Membership Interests in the Company. 
8.7 
Other Interests. The Members may engage in or possess interests in other 
business ventures of every nature and description, whether or not competitive with the business 
of the Company, independently or with others, and neither a Managing Member nor any Member 
shall, by virtue of this Agreement, have any rights in or to such other ventures or the income or 
profits derived therefrom. 
8.8 
Reliance by Third Parties. Any Person not a party to this Agreement dealing with 
the Company shall be entitled to rely conclusively upon the power and authority of the Class A 
and Class B Managing Members to bind the Company in all respects to execute agreements, 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587620
--- PAGE 30 ---
instruments and other writings on behalf, and in the name, of the Company and to take any and 
all other action on behalf, and in the name, of the Company. 
8.9 
Reimbursement of Expenses. The Company will pay all fees and expenses 
incident to its activities including (but not limited to) compensation to any investment advisor. 
The Company will pay for research fees, interest on margin accounts, legal and accounting fees, 
borrowing charges on securities sold short, custodial fees, brokerage commissions, bank services 
fees, interest on loans and debit balances and any other reasonable expenses related to the 
purchase, sale or holding of company assets as the Class A Managing Members shall determine 
in the Class A Managing Members' sole discretion. The Managing Members shall be entitled to 
reimbursement from the company funds for any reasonable out of pocket costs or expenses 
incurred by the Managing Members in the conduct of the company business, including without 
limitation, general overhead expenses, office expenses, secretarial services, computer support, 
other office support, investment research, attorney's fees, accounting fees and expenses incurred 
in connection with the administration and establishment of the Company. 
8.10 
Liability and Indemnity. 
8.10.1 Each Manager, Officer and authorized person may act or refrain from 
acting (consistent with the duties described in Section 8.1 or in the instrument granting authority) 
without liability to the Company or to any Member for any reasonable error in judgment, mistake 
of law or fact, or any act or failure to act, so long as such action or inaction was taken in good 
faith with the reasonable belief that such action or inaction was in the best interests of the 
Company and the Members. Consistent with the preceding sentence, each Manager, Officer and 
authorized person may act or refrain from acting without liability to the Company or to any 
Member in reliance upon any opinion of any consultant or advisor on any matter which such 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587621
--- PAGE 31 ---
Manager, Officer or authorized person reasonably believes to be within the consultant or 
advisor's professional competence. 
8.10.2 The Company shall, to the extent of its assets, indemnify and hold 
harmless each Person who is or was a Manager, Officer or authorized person from any and all 
liability, loss, damage, cost and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees 
and expenses) arising from any act or failure to act by such Manager, Officer or authorized 
person in the performance of any of the powers, authorities or duties of the Manager, Officer or 
authorized person under this Agreement or applicable law, if it is determined that such Manager, 
Officer or authorized person acted in good faith and with reasonable belief that such action or 
inaction was in the best interests of the Company and the Members. 
8.10.3 The right to indemnification conferred hereunder shall include the right to 
be paid or reimbursed by the Company for the reasonable expenses incurred in advance of the 
final disposition of any proceeding and without any determination as to the Person's ultimate 
entitlement to indemnification; provided, however, that the payment of such expenses incurred in 
advance of the final disposition of a proceeding shall be made only upon delivery to the 
Company of a written affirmation by such Person of his, her or its good faith belief that such 
Person has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification under this section and a 
written undertaking, by or on behalf of such Person, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall 
ultimately be determined that such Person is not entitled to be indemnified. 
8.11 
Limited Liability. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, no Member 
shall be liable for any of the losses, debts or liabilities of the Company in excess of his, her or its 
respective capital contributions, except as otherwise expressly provided by law. 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587622
--- PAGE 32 ---
ARTICLE IX 
SUBSTITUTION; ADDITIONAL MEMBERS 
9.1 
Substituted Members. The transferee of a Membership Interest may not be 
admitted as a substituted Member unless all of the following conditions have been met: 
(i) 
The transfer conforms with Section 6.1, Section 6.2 or Section 
8.6.1 hereof; 
(ii) 
In the case of a transfer in accordance with Section 6.1 or Section 
6.2, the Class A Managing Members have received a written instrument executed by the 
transferor, which instrument transfers to the transferee all or part of the transferor's Membership 
Interest; 
(iii) 
The transferee has approved and adopted all of the provisions of 
this Agreement, as the same may have been amended, by written instrument delivered to the 
Class A Managing Members; and 
(iv) 
The transferee has paid or agreed to pay all reasonable expenses 
relating to such admission. 
9.2 
Transfers of Managing Membership Interests. In addition to the requirements of 
Sections 6.1 and 6.2 above, the conditions set forth in this Section 9.2 shall apply to the 
transferee of a Class A or Class B Managing Membership Interest. The transferee of any 
Managing Membership Interest may not be admitted as a substituted Managing Member without 
the written consent of a majority in interest of the Members which consent shall be given or 
withheld in the sole discretion of each Member. In addition, such transferee must satisfy the 
requirements of paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv) of Section 9.1 with respect to a transfer of a 
Membership Interest; provided, however, that if the requirements of paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv) 
of Section 9.1 are met but a majority in interest of the Members do not consent to admit such 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587623
--- PAGE 33 ---
Member as a Managing Member in accordance with this Section, such Managing Membership 
Interest shall be deemed a Non-Managing Membership Interest in the hands of the transferee, 
and such transferee shall be admitted only as a substituted Non-Managing Member with respect 
thereto, and shall not be deemed a Managing Member for any purpose, but provided further, that 
no such transfer shall be permitted if the Company would have no Managing Membership 
Interest outstanding after the transfer. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 
9.2, if LDB consents to or participates in the election or designation of a substituted Class B 
Managing Member as set forth in this Section 9.2, such substituted Class B Managing Member 
must be a Person who is not related or subordinate to LDB within the meaning of Section 672(c) 
of the Code. 
9.3 
Additional Members. Additional Membership Interests may be issued and sold 
by the Company to any Person, including but not limited to a natural person, trust, corporation, 
limited liability company, partnership or other association, for fair market value, as determined 
by the Class B Managing Members using reasonable business judgment, and under such terms as 
deemed advisable by the Class B Managing Members, including but not limited to terms relating 
to the applicability of this Agreement to such additional Membership Interests. Admission of 
any Member shall not be a cause of dissolution. 
ARTICLE X 
ACCOUNTING 
10.1 
Accounting Method. 
10.1.1 The Company's assets and liabilities will be determined on the 
basis of generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied. 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587624
--- PAGE 34 ---
10.1.2 A security listed on a national securities exchange will be valued at 
its last sale price on the most recent date on or before the end of a Fiscal Year or, if no sale 
occurred on said date, at the mean between the closing "bid" and "asked" prices. 
10.1.3 All other positions and all other assets and liabilities will be 
assigned a value determined in good faith by the Class A Managing Members. With respect to 
other investment vehicles in which the Company may invest, the Class A Managing Members 
may rely on the values reported by such entities in computing the value of the Company's assets 
but will carry the investment at the cost basis unless otherwise prudent. 
10.2 
Books and Records. The Class A Managing Members shall maintain the general 
accounts of the Company. The books of the Company shall be kept on a basis consistent with 
the provisions of this Agreement and shall be open to the inspection and examination of all 
Members, in person or by their duly authorized representatives, at reasonable times. The books 
of the Company shall be maintained based on generally accepted accounting principles, 
consistently applied. 
10.3 
Reports. At the request of any Member of the Company, the Class A Managing 
Members shall furnish such Member with a copy of the Company's financial statements for the 
current or any prior fiscal year, with a statement of such Member's Capital Account, as reflected 
on the books of the Company. Each Member also shall be supplied with all information with 
respect to the Company required in connection with the preparation of such Member's tax 
returns. The Class A Managing Members shall provide the Members with such other reports and 
information as they, from time to time, deem advisable. 
10.4 
Federal Income Tax Elections. All elections required or permitted to be made by 
the Company under the Code shall be made by the Class A Managing Members in such manner 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587625
--- PAGE 35 ---
as will, in the Class A Managing Members' opinion, be most advantageous to a majority-in-
interest of the Members. 
10.5 
Tax Matters Partner. The Members shall from time to time designate a "tax 
matters partner" pursuant to Section 6231(a)(7) of the Code. 
ARTICLE XI 
MISCELLANEOUS 
11.1 
Decisions by the Managers. Except as otherwise required by law or in this 
Agreement, whenever an action is to be taken by a Manager (or the Company), such action shall 
be taken solely by a majority in interest (based on Percentage Interests) of the Class A Managing 
Members or the Class B Managing Members, as the case may be. 
11.2 
Amendments. This Agreement may be amended from time to time upon the 
unanimous written consent of the Members. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the administrative 
provisions in this Agreement may be amended solely by the Class A Managing Members; 
provided, however, that such amendments to the administrative provisions shall not include 
amendments to provisions relating to distributions to the Members, use of the Company 
property, additional capital contributions required of the Members and dissolution of the 
Company; and provided further, that such amendments to administrative provisions shall not 
result in alterations to any Member's economic interest in the Company. 
11.3 
Notices. All notices to the Class A or Class B Managing Members or to the 
Company under this Agreement shall be in writing, duly signed by the party giving such notice, 
and transmitted postage prepaid by first class certified mail, return receipt requested, to such 
Class A or Class B Managing Members or to the Company care of Elysium Management LLC, 
445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401, New York, New York 10022 or to any such other address as may 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587626
--- PAGE 36 ---
hereafter be designated by such Managing Members or the Company. All notices to a Member 
under this Agreement shall be in writing, duly signed by the party giving such notice, and 
transmitted postage prepaid by first class certified mail, return receipt requested to such Member 
at the address listed upon Schedule A or to any such other address as may hereafter be 
designated by such Member upon giving notice thereof to the Company. All notices shall be 
deemed given when dispatched. 
11.4 
No Delivery of Certificates. The Company is not required to deliver copies of 
any Certificate of Formation or amendment or cancellation to the Members. 
11.5 
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and 
governed by the Act and by the laws of the State of New York applicable in the case of 
agreements made and to be performed entirely within such State. 
11.6 
Further Assurances. Each party to this Agreement agrees to execute, 
acknowledge, deliver, file and record such further certificates, amendments, instruments and 
documents, and to do all such other acts and things, as may be required by law, or as may, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Class A Managing Members, be necessary or advisable to carry out the 
interests and purposes of this Agreement. 
11.7 
Headings. Gender and Number. The headings in this Agreement are for 
convenience only and in no way define, limit or otherwise affect the scope or intent hereof. All 
pronouns and any variations thereof shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine or 
neuter, singular or plural, as the identity of the Person or Persons may require. 
11.8 
Benefit. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of 
the Members, their respective successors, heirs, executors, administrators and assigns. 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587627
--- PAGE 37 ---
11.9 
Counterparts  . This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, 
including by facsimile, each of which when so executed shall be an original and all such 
counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 
[Signature Page Follows] 
Dock USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587628
--- PAGE 38 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have set their hands as of the day and year 
first above written. 
CLASS A MANAGING MEMBER: 
Leon D. Black 
CLASS B MANAGING MEMBER: 
Leon D. Black 
NON-MANAGING MEMBER: 
Leon D. Black 
Signature Page to Amended and Restated Narrow, Holdings LLC Agreement 
DoeN: USI:9600195v9 
EFTA00587629
--- PAGE 39 ---
Schedule A as of 
MEMBERS 
Class A Managing Member: 
Leon D. Black 
Class B Managing Member: 
Leon D. Black 
Non-Managing Member: 
Leon D. Black 
ADDRESS 
do Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401 
New York, New York 10022 
do Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401 
New York, New York 10022 
760 Park Avenue 
New York, New York 10021 
MEMBERSHIP 
INTEREST 
0.5% 
0.5% 
TOTAL 
100% 
Doeff: USI:%00195v9 
EFTA00587630

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587631.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587631.pdf
----------------------------------------
WOODSON C. MERRELL, M.D. 
EAST 67th STREET 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10065 
Telephone. 
Fax: 
Date: 
August 1, 2011 
Patient: 
Jeffrey Epstein (Email: jeevacation@gmail.com) 
• 
Contact your parathyroid specialist at Yale to let him know latest result of 104 
(calcium normal at 96), and if he needs to do anything more 
• 
Because of low blood folic acid blood test (low normal B12) and elevated 
homocysteine: 
o For now while in Europe, use a generic B complex; 50mg once daily 
o When back in NY, resume added FolaPro brand of folic acid by Metagenics; 1 
daily 
• 
Because of slightly elevated blood sugar screening test (hemoglobin Alc), avoid as 
much as possible all refined carbohydrates from your diet (e.g. sugar, white flour, 
white rice, potatoes, rolls, etc.) Use vegetables and minimal fruit as your main 
source of starches 
• 
Your vitamin D is low normal (30, with normal 30-40); because of elevated PTH and 
risk of hypercalcemia, its best to keep it at this level. 
• 
Your HDL (good) cholesterol is low and your LDL (bad) cholesterol is a bit high; these 
are improved, but still need some correction. Recheck cholesterol blood test in 
September 
• 
I added DHEA to your blood test; the result will be back by Friday 
• 
I don't recommend treating it, but if you want to have a consultation about low 
testosterone, my favorite consultant for this is senior Columbia urologist, Dr. Harry 
Fisch 944 Park Avenue NY NY 10028 - - 212-879-0800. He has been using Clomid 
more successfully for this 
• 
See me for a follow up in September/October, or sooner as needed 
All supplements are available at: 
Milner Chemists 
100 Park Avenue 
NYC, NY 10017 
www.willner.com 
Life Science Pharmacy 
144 Route 17M 
Harriman, NY  10926 
VitaHealth 
1235 1st Ave 
New York, NY 10065 
www.lifesciencepharmacy.com 
Pharmacist: Scott Berliner 
Pharmacist: David Restrepo 
EFTA00587631

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587632.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587632.pdf
----------------------------------------
BILL OF SALE AND AGREEMENT 
For valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, this Bill of Sale and 
Agreement is hereby made on April 
, 2013, by and between L.S.I., LLC, at 6100 Red Hook Quarter, 
B3, St Thomas USVI 00802 (hereinafter referred to as "Seller"), and Commercial Dive Services, at P.O. 
Box 1060, West End Tortola BVI 1110 (herein after referred to as "Buyer"). 
Sale and Purchase 
Seller hereby sells, assigns and transfers to Buyer, and Buyer hereby purchases and acquires from Seller, 
the following 1984 Twin Screw Catamaran vessel called "Lady G" (hereinafter referred to as "Lady G"): 
Type: Twin Screw Catamaran 
Year: 1984 
Length: 46' 
Draft: 3.5' 
Beam: 22' 
Color: White 
Hull Id. No.: 99507; V.I. Registration No.: 0259-TC 
Purchase Price and Payment 
The purchase price is FORTY-FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($45,000.00) for Lady G, which vessel the 
Buyer will receive "as is", upon Buyer's payment in full via "certified check" to L.S.J., LLC 
Seller's Warranties; Buyer's Assumption of Liability 
Seller hereby covenants, represents and warrants that the Lady G is free and clear of all liens and 
encumbrances. Seller is the lawful owner of said vessel. Buyer hereby assumes full liability and 
responsibility and becomes immediately liable and responsible for the Lady G, and hereby releases Seller 
from and agrees to indemnify Seller against any liability or responsibility connected with said vessel. Buyer 
hereby agrees to pay any and all bills, costs and expenses in respect of the Lady G that are incurred from 
and after the date and time of signing of this Bill of Sale and Agreement. 
"As Is" 
It is understood and agreed by Buyer that the Lady G is hereby sold by Seller and accepted by Buyer in "as 
is", "where-is" and "with all faults" condition, that there are no representations or warranties in respect of 
the Lady G that are not expressly stated in this Bill of Sale and Agreement, and that no representations or 
warranties in respect of the Lady G, other than the specific representations and warranties expressly set 
forth in writing in this Bill of Sale and Agreement, are to be inferred or implied. Except for the specific 
representations and warranties expressly set forth in this Bill of Sale and Agreement, Seller hereby 
disclaims and Buyer hereby renounces any and all warranties or representations of any kind or nature 
whatsoever, express or implied, whether arising in law, in equity, in contract or in tort, and including, 
without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability, sea worthiness, design, condition or fitness for 
a particular purpose. 
Seller: 
L.S.J., LLC 
By: 
Date 
Buyer. 
COMMERCIAL DIVE SERVICES 
By: 
Date 
Notary 
EFTA00587632

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587633.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587633.pdf
----------------------------------------
[Please use company letterhead and sign] 
DRAFT 
November 3, 2015 
Joi Ito 
Director 
MIT Media Lab 
c/o Marissa Wozniak 
Massachusetts Avenue, E14-245 
Cambridge, MA 02139 
Dear Joi, 
In appreciation of the work being done at the MIT Media Lab, I hereby inform you of an 
unrestricted gift of $100,000 from the Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation to support 
Professor Neri Oxman's research. 
Please note that the Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation wishes to remain strictly anonymous 
with this gift. We ask that the Media Lab and MIT not publicize this gift in any way. 
Likewise, neither the foundation nor anyone associated with the foundation will 
publicize this gift in any way, including on the foundation's website. 
With best wishes for the future, 
Sincerely, 
EFTA00587633

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587634.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587634.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 29, 2011 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Re: Edwards adv. Epstein 
Dear Mr. Scarola: 
I have never personally observed Jeffrey Epstein in the presence of underage 
females. I do not believe you have any reasonable basis for believing that I have. 
If you claim to have "reason to believe," please provide me with any such reason. 
I am certain I can demonstrate to you that it is false. 
Sincerely, 
Alan M. Dershowitz 
EFTA00587634

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587635.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587635.pdf
----------------------------------------
Nautilus, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St. Thomas, VI 00802-1348 
Mr. Jean-Pierre Oriol, Director 
Division of Coastal Zone Management 
Department of Planning and Natural Resources 
Cyril E. King Airport, Terminal Building - 2nd Floor 
8100 Lindberg Bay 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Re: Coastal Zone Management Minor Land Permit No. CZJ-02-15L for Nautilus, Inc. 
July 27, 2015 
Dear Director Oriol, 
Please allow this letter to serve as written notice to you and the Division of Coastal Zone Management 
that the road paving project, located on parcels A, B, &C Little Saint James Cay, St. Thomas, and 
permitted under CZM Minor Land Permit No. CZJ-02-15L signed and issued on December 4, 2014, will 
commence on Sunday, August 2, 2015. 
Please do not hesitate to contact my office at 775-2525 if you have any questions. 
Respectfully, 
Jeffrey Epstein, President 
Cc: Anthony Richards, Permits Coordinator, Coastal Zone Management 
David Rosa, Coastal Zone Management, St. John office 
EFTA00587635

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587636.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587636.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mark Jude Tram, MD. PhD 
Curriculum vitae 
CURRICULUM VITAE 
DATE PREPARED: May 1, 2012 
Name 
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D., Ph.D. 
Office Address 
1245 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 316 
Los Angeles, CA 90017 
Home Address 
1920 Hazel Nut Court 
Agoura Hills, CA 91301 
E-Mail 
Place of Birth 
Bronx, New York 
Education 
1978, B.A., Yale College 
1982, M.D., Cornell University Medical College 
1998, Ph.D. (Neurobiology), Harvard Graduate School of Arts & Sciences 
Postdoctoral Training 
1982-1983, Intern in Internal Medicine, LA County - USC Medical Center 
1983-1986, Resident in Neurology, The New York Hospital - Cornell University Medical 
Center 
1985, Chief Resident, Neurology Ward, The New York Hospital 
1986. Chief Resident, Neurology Ward, Memorial Hospital - Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center 
1986-1987, Fellow (Cognitive Neuroscience), Dept. of Neurology, The New York Hospital - Cornell 
University Medical Center and Memorial Hospital - Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center 
Academic Appointments 
1987-1988, Assistant Professor of Neurology, Cornell University Medical College 
1988.1992, Assistant Professor of Medicine (Neurology) and of Psychiatry, Dartmouth Medical School 
1992-1998, Instructor in Neurobiology, Harvard Medical School 
1999.2009, Assistant Professor of Neurology, Harvard Medical School 
2000.2005, Faculty, Harvard-M.I.T. Speech & Hearing Bioscience & Technology Graduate Studies Program 
2000.2009, Board of Honors Tutors, Department of Psychology, Harvard University 
2000-current, Faculty Fellow, Mind Brain & Behavior Interfaculty Initiative, Harvard University 
2002-2009, Teaching Affiliate, Department of Biology (Neurobiology), Harvard University 
2010-present, Associate Professor of Neurology, David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA, and Lecturer in 
Ethnomusicology, UCLA Herb Alpert School of Music 
Hospital and Affiliated Institution Appointments 
July 1987 — June 1988, Attending Neurologist, The New York Hospital, NY, NY 
July 1988 — June 1991, Attending Neurologist, Dartmouth-Hitchcock Memorial Hospital, Hanover, NH 
EFTA00587636
--- PAGE 2 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
July 1988 — Sept 1991, Neurology Consultant, Franklin Regional Hospital, Franklin, NH 
July 1992 —Dec 2009, Attending Neurologist, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA 
July 1992 — June 2005, Neurology Consultant, McLean Hospital, Belmont, MA 
July 1996 — Dec 2009, Research Associate, Eaton-Peabody Laboratory of Auditory Physiology, Massachusetts 
Eye & Ear Infirmary, Boston, MA 
1996-2005, Research Affiliate, Research Laboratory of Electronics, Department of Electrical 
Engineering 
& Computer Science, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 
1999-2005, Associate Neurologist, Affiliated Staff, Brigham & Women's Hospital, Boston, MA 
2010, Associate Neurologist, Affiliated Staff, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA 
2009 — 2010, Medical Director, Neurological & Rehabilitation Services, and Staff Neurologist, Good 
Samaritan Hospital, Los Angeles, CA 
2009 — current, Staff Physician, Section of Neurology, Dept of Medicine, Good Samaritan Hospital, Los 
Angeles, CA 
2012 — current, Neurology Attending Staff, Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, Westwood, CA 
Other Professional Positions and Major Visiting Appointments 
1998-current, Advisory Board, Songs of Love Foundation, New York, NY 
2000.2005, Advisory Board, BioMusic Program, National Musical Arts, Washington, DC 
2000, Consultant, Berkshire Hills Music Academy, South Hadley, MA 
2002-current, Scientific Advisory Board, Science Museum of Minnesota, St. Paul, MN 
2004.2007, Science Advisor, Morphonix, Inc., Sausalito, CA 
2003-current, Founding Director, The Institute for Music & Brain Science, Boston, MA 
2007-current, Advisory Board, National Center for Human Performance, Texas Medical Ctr, Houston, TX 
Licensure and Certification 
1983, Diplomate, National Board of Medical Examiners 
1983-current, Drug Enforcement Administration Certification, U.S.A. 
1983-1988, New York State Medical License 
1988, Diplomate in Neurology, American Board of Psychiatry and Neurology 
1988.1992, New Hampshire Medical License 
1991-current, Massachusetts Medical License 
1991-current, Massachusetts Drug Enforcement Administration Certification 
2009-current, California Medical License 
Hospital and Health Care Organization Service Responsibilities 
1986-1987, Fellow, then Attending, Stroke and Coma Team, The New York Hospital, NY, NY 
1986-1988, Staff Physician, Medical and Neurological Services, Burke Rehabilitation Center, White Plains, NY 
1987-1988, Attending, Neurology Consult Service, Behavioral Neurology Consult Service, Neurology Faculty 
Practice Group, and Neurology Residents Clinic, The New York Hospital 
1988-1991, Attending, Behavioral Neurology Consult Service and Neurology Residents Clinic, Mary Hitchcock 
Memorial Hospital, Hanover, NH 
1988-1991, Neurology Consultant, Franklin Regional Hospital, Franklin, NH 
1992-2009, Attending, Neurology Inpatient Service, General Neurology Consult Inpatient Service, and 
Cognitive/Behavioral Neurology Outpatient Unit, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA 
1995-2005, Neurology Inpatient and Outpatient Consult Services, McLean Hospital, Belmont, MA 
2009-2010, Medical Director, Neurological & Rehabilitation Services, & Staff Neurologiet, Good Samaritan 
Hospital, LA 
Committee Assignments 
1996.2000, Standing Committee on Neuroscience, Harvard University 
2000-current, Standing Committee on Mind/Brain/Behavior, Harvard University 
2002-2003, Subcommittee on Undergraduate Curriculum, Harvard Mind/Brain/Behavior Interfaculty 
Initiative 
2002, NIH National Institute on Deafness & Other Communication Disorders, Special Emphasis Review 
EFTA00587637
--- PAGE 3 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
Panel, Exploratory/Developmental Research Program 
2003.4, 2008-9, NSF Grant Review Committee 
2004.2007, Large Animal Users Group, Massachusetts General Hospital 
2006.2009, Steering Committee, Mind Brain & Behavior Interfaculty Initiative, Harvard University 
2010-2011, Scientific Organizing Committee, Music Science & Medicine Symposium, New York 
Academy of Sciences 
2011-2012, Scientific Advisory Panel, Integrative Music & Medicine Pain Conference, New York, NY 
Professional Societies 
1983-current, American Academy of Neurology, Member 
1985-current, American Society for Composers, Authors, and Publishers, Writer Member 
1986-2010, Acoustical Society of America, Member 
1989-current, Society for Neuroscience, Member 
1991-1992, Stroke Council, American Heart Association, Fellow 
1992-2007, American Association for the Advancement of Science 
1995-2009, Society for Music Perception & Cognition 
1998-2008 Association for Research in Otolaryngology 
2000-2008, New York Academy of Sciences 
2006-7, Boston Music Research Association 
2009-current, National Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences 
Editorial Boards 
I 989-current, Reviewer, Science, Nature Neuroscience Reviews, Neuron, Journal of Neurophysiology, Trends 
in Neurosciences, Journal of the Acoustical Society of America, Cerebral Cortex, Oxford Press (partial list) 
1994-1998, Consulting Editor, Music Perception 
1997-2005, Associate Editor, Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience 
2007-current, Advisory Board, Journal of Interdisciplinary Music Studies, Journal of Biomusic 
Engineering 
Awards and Honors 
1974-1978, Joseph Tauber Scholar, Yale University 
1978, Bachelor of Arts cum laude with Honors in the Major (Biology), Yale University 
1978-1982, Joseph Collins Foundation Scholar, Cornell University Medical College 
1981-1982, Vincent Astor Scholar, Cornell University Medical College 
1987-1988, National Research Service Award, Physiology, National Institute of Neurological & 
Communicative Disorders & Stroke, National Institutes of Health 
1988-1991, Program Project Award, Co-Principal Investigator, National Institute of Neurological Disorders & 
Stroke, National Institutes of Health 
1989-1991, Cognitive Science Award, Co-Principal Investigator, Office of Naval Research 
1991-1992, National Research Service Award, National Institute of Mental Health 
1992-1997, Clinical Scientist Development Award, National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication 
Disorders, National Institutes of Health 
1992-1993, Sackler Scholar in Psychobiology, Harvard University 
1993.1994, Alwin M. Pappenheimer Scholar, Harvard University 
1997, Research Award, National Organization for Hearing Research 
1997-1998, Provost's Award for Educational Innovation, Harvard University 
1997-2002, Cognitive Neuroscience Program Award, McDonnell-Pew Foundation 
1998.2002, FIRST Award, National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders, National 
Institutes of Health 
2000.2001, Gordon and Llura Gund Research Award, Mind/Brain/Behavior Interfaculty Initiative, Harvard 
University 
2002-current, Institute for Music & Brain Science 
2009, Performing Arts Medicine Association Richard Lederman Award 
2009.2010, Grammy Foundation Research Award 
2014-2015, Small Business Innovative Research Award, National Institutes of Health (submitted 8/2013) 
EFTA00587638
--- PAGE 4 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
Report of Teaching 
Local contributions 
The New York Hospital - Cornell Medical Center, 1986-1988 
1986-1988, Neurology Outpatient Clinic, Attending, PGY 2-4 Neurology Residents, 48 hrs/yr 
1986-1988, Cognitive Neuroscience Seminar Series for Neurology Residents, Organizer and 
Lecturer, 36 hrs/yr 
1986-1988, Neurology/Neurosurgery Grand Rounds, 1 per year 
1987-1988, Neurology Consult Service, Attending, PGY-3 Neurology Resident, 112 hrs/yr 
1987-1988, Third Year Clerkship in Neurology, Tutor, 4 students/yr, 20 hrs/yr 
1987-1988, Fourth Year Neurology Elective in Cognitive Neuroscience, Tutor, 2 students/yr, 40 hrs/yr 
Dartmouth — Hitchcock Medical Center, 1988-1991 
1988-1991, Neurology Outpatient Clinic, Attending, PGY 2-4 Neurology Residents, 60 hrs/yr 
1989, 1990, Neurology/Neurosurgery Grand Rounds, 1 per year 
1988-1991, Resident Research Elective in Cognitive Neuroscience, Tutor, 40 hrs/yr 
1989.1991, Behavioral Neurology Ward Rounds, 12 hrs/yr 
1989.1991, McDonnell-Pew Graduate Studies in Cognitive Neuroscience, Lecturer & Laboratory 
Instructor, 2 students/yr, 60 hrs/yr 
1998.1991, 2nd-Year Scientific Basis of Medicine: Neurology, Lecturer, 10 hrs/yr 
1989.1991, Fourth Year Elective in Cognitive Neuroscience, Tutor, 2 students/yr, 40 hrs/yr 
Harvard Medical School, Graduate School Division of Medical Sciences, and College; Harvard-MIT Division 
of Health Sciences and Technology; and Massachusetts General Hospital, 1992-2009 
1992, Program in Neuroscience Seminar, Wood's Hole 
1992-2009, Neurology Ward or Consult Service, Attending, PGY I, 2, and 4 Neurology, 
Psychiatry, and Physiatry Residents and Interns, 100+ hrs/yr 
1992-2009, Cognitive/Behavioral Neurology Unit, Attending, PGY 3 Neurology Residents, 
hrs/yr 
1992-current, Neurology Residents Cognitive/Behavioral Neurology Seminar, Attending, 24 hrs/yr 
1993, Second Year Physical Diagnosis in Neurology, Tutor, 4 students/yr, 16 hrs/yr 
1993, HST 722: Brain Mechanisms of Hearing and Speech, Lecturer, 12 graduate students/yr, 4 hrs/yr 
1993, Neurobiology Department Seminar Series, Lecturer, 20 hrs 
1993, 1995, 1997, Neurobiology 208: The Visual System, Lecturer, 10 medical and graduate 
students/yr, 6 hrs/yr 
1994-current, Clinical Clerkship in Neurology, Examiner, 1 medical student/yr, 2 hrs/yr 
1994, 2000, Neurology Residents Neuroscience Seminar, Lecturer, PGY 2-4 Neurology Residents, 5 
hrs/yr 
1995.2004, General Neurology Residents' Clinic, Preceptor, PGY 2-4 Neurology Residents, 30 
hrs/yr 
1995.2007, Tutor, PGY-2 Residents Cognitive Neurology Case Seminar, 40 hrs/yr 
1996,1999,2007, 2m-Year HMS/HDS Course: Human Nervous System & Behavior, Lecturer &Tutor, 
12-20 medical/dental students/yr, 60 hrs/yr 
1997,1998,2005 HST 799, Special Topics Research in the Speech & Hearing Sciences, I student/yr, 
120 hrs/yr 
1997, 2001, MGH Neurology Grand Rounds, I per year 
1998, 1999, 2001, Neurology Professor's Rounds, PGY 1-4 Neurology, Psychiatry, and Physiatry 
Residents and Interns, 2 hrs/yr 
1998, 2000, 2001, Psychology 987b, Music, Mind, & Brain, 12 undergraduates/yr, 100 hrs/yr 
1999.2001, Mind/Brain/Behavior Thesis Workshop, 12 undergraduates/yr, 15 hrs/yr 
1999, 2000, 2005, 2006 Behavioral Neurology Signs Rounds, PGY 1.4 Neurology, Psychiatry, and 
Physiatry 12 hrs/yr 
2000, Mind/Brain/Behavior Faculty Fellowship Seminar Series, 20 hrs 
2000.2009, Mortality and Morbidity Conference, PGY 2-4 Neurology Residents, 18 hrs/yr 
2001, Mind/Brain/Behavior Advisory Board Seminar 
EFTA00587639
--- PAGE 5 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
2004, 2007, HST 725, Music Perception & Cognition (Co-Instructor), 4-8 students/semester 
2004.2009, General Neurology Residents' Clinic, Attending, PGY 2-4 Neurology Residents, 
240 hrs/yr 
2007, Biology Auditory Neurobiology of Language & Music (Lecture course) 
UCLA Geffen School of Medicine & Herb Alpert School of Music, 2010-current 
2010, Neurology/Neuroscience Grand Rounds, Functional Brain Organization in Relation to Music 
Cognition 
2010-11 Ethnomusicology 188: Advanced Topics. Music & Brain. 
2012-current, Professor's Rounds, Neurology Inpatient Service, Reagan — UCLA Medical Center 
2012-current, Neurology Residents Outpatient Clinic, Reagan — UCLA Medical Center 
2012-current, Music Industry 103: Music & Brain 
Teaching awards 
1997.1998, Harvard University Provost's Award for Educational Innovation 
2000, Harvard Medical School Class of 2000 Faculty Award for Excellence in Clinical Teaching (finalist) 
Continuing Medical Education Courses 
1988, Cornell Medical College, Lecturer, Review of Internal Medicine, Lecturer 
1997-2007, Harvard Medical School, Co-Founder, Director (2001, 2007), Co-Director, & Lecturer, Dementia: 
A Comprehensive Update, 80 hrs/yr 
Advisory and Supervisory Responsibilities 
Cornell Medical College 
1987-1988, First Year Student Faculty Advisor, 6 students/yr, 24 hrslyr 
Harvard Medical School, Graduate School Division of Medical Sciences, and College; Harvard-MIT Division 
of Health Sciences and Technology; and Massachusetts General Hospital 
1995.2007, Psychology 985, Preparation for the Honors Thesis 1 undergraduate every other yr, 50 
hrs/student 
1995.2009, Psychology 990, Honors Thesis Advisor, 1 undergraduate every other year, 100 
hrs/student 
1995.2007, Psychology 985, Preparation for the Honors Thesis, 1 undergraduate every other yr, 50 
hrs/student 
1997-2000, Psychology 910r, Supervised Reading/Research, I undergraduate every other year, 50 
hrs/student 
1998, 2002 Biology 98r, Introduction to Research, 1 undergraduate/yr, 50 hrs/yr 
1998.1999, Biology 99, Honors Thesis Advisor, 2 undergraduates/yr, 100 hrs/student 
1999.2000, Thesis Advisory Committee, HST Speech & Hearing Sciences, 1 graduate student/yr, 16 
hrs/yr 
2000, Thesis Qualifying Examination Committee, HST, Speech & Hearing Sciences 
2000.2001, Psychology Honors Thesis Committee, 2 undergraduates/yr; 20 hrs/student 
2000.2001, Special Concentrations 99, Honors Thesis Advisor, 1 undergraduate/yr, 100 hrs/yr 
2001-2002, Special Concentrations 91r, Supervised Reading and Research, 1 undergraduate, 15 hrs/yr 
2002-2003, PhD Thesis Committee, Cory Miller, Psychology, 20 hrs/yr 
2006.2007, Mentor, Senior Neurology Resident (1), 50 hrs/yr 
2008.2009, PhD Thesis Committee, Aaron Berkowitz, Music, 20 hrs/yr 
Regional, national, and international contributions 
1985, Session on Multiple Sclerosis: Clinical Investigation and Therapy, 37th Annual Meeting of the 
American Academy of Neurology 
1987, Cerebrovascular Disease II: Poster Presentations, American Neurological Association 114th Annual 
Meeting 
1988, Session on Cerebral Metabolism, 40th Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Neurology 
1989, Behavioral Neurology Poster Session, American Neurological Association 114th Annual Meeting 
1989, Interhemispheric Relations Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 19th Annual Meeting 
1989, McDonnell Foundation Summer Institute in Cognitive Neuroscience Faculty and Lecturer (invited) 
1990, Second International Conference on Music and the Cognitive Sciences, Cambridge University, Lecturer (invited) 
EFTA00587640
--- PAGE 6 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
1990, Human Behavioral Neurobiology Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 20th Annual Meeting 
1990, First Annual McDonnell-Pew Program in Cognitive Neuroscience Investigators' Workshop, Lecturer (invited) 
1990, Behavioral Neurology Poster Session, American Neurological Association 115th Annual Meeting 
1990, McDonnell Foundation Summer Institute in Cognitive Neuroscience Faculty and Lecturer (invited) 
1991, Functional Aspects of Auditory Cortex Symposium, Lecturer, International Brain Research Organization 
Third World Congress of Neuroscience, (invited) 
1991, Music and the Brain Session, Lecturer, Second International Conference on Music Perception and Cognition, 
UCLA (invited) 
1991, Central Auditory Physiology Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 21st Annual Meeting 
1991, Cognitive Neuroscience Session, Co-Chair and Lecturer, 2nd International Conference on Epilepsy and the 
Corpus Callosum (invited) 
1991, Scientific Session, Lecturer, Society for University Neurosurgeon (invited) 
1991, Neurology Grand Rounds, Lecturer, Yale School of Medicine Neurological Study Unit and Yale-New Haven 
Hospital (invited) 
1992, Central Auditory Physiology Slide Session, Society for Neuroscience 22nd Annual Meeting 
1992, Music and the Brain Symposium, Lecturer, Art Institute of Chicago (invited) 
1992, International Conference on the Psychophysiology and Psychopathology of the Sense of Music, Lecturer (invited) 
1993, Central Auditory Physiology Slide Session, Society for Neuroscience 23rd Annual Meeting 
1994, Behavioral Neuroscience Seminar Series, Brigham & Women's Hospital/Beth Israel Hospital (invited) 
1994, Central Auditory Physiology Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 24th Annual Meeting 
1994, Harvard Music Department Seminar Series (invited) 
1996, Functional Aspects of Auditory Cortex Workshop, Lecturer, XXVIth International Congress of Psychology 
(invited) 
1996, Auditory Cortex Physiology - Primates Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 26th Annual Meeting 
1997, Music and the Brain Symposium, Lecturer, International Computer Music Conference, (invited) 
1997, Pedagogical Session: Neurobiology , Lecturer, International Conference on Complex Systems 
(invited) 
1998, Moderator, Press Conference on Music and the Brain, Society for Neuroscience 28th Annual 
Meeting, LA, CA (invited) 
1998, Auditory Cortex Physiology - Complex Sounds Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 28th 
Annual Meeting 
1998, Harvard Psychology Department Seminar Series, Lecturer, 20 hrs 1999, Auditory Cortex Slide 
Session, 22nd Association for Research in Otolaryngology Midwinter Meeting 
1999, Central Auditory Physiology: Spectrotemporal Coding Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 
29th Annual Meeting 
2000, Biological Foundations of Music, New York Academy of Sciences (invited) 
2000, The Music of Nature and the Nature of Music, Lecturer, Smithsonian Institute, National Musical 
Arts, National Academy of Sciences (invited) 
2000, Association for Research in Otolaryngology: Inner Ear: Normal Structure or Function Poster Session 
2000, 2001, Cambridge Hospital, Neurology Lecture Series (invited) 
2001, 21 Club, Harvard Mind/Brain/Behavior Board Dinner, New York, NY (invited) 
2001, Auditory: Coding, Tuning and Perception Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 31st Annual 
Meeting 
2001, Berklee College of Music, Music Therapy Symposium, Music & The Brain (invited) 
2001, The Harvard Club of Boston: A Saturday of Symposia. Music, Mind, and Brain (invited) 
2002, Learning & The Brain Symposium, Music Education, & The Brain. Cambridge, MA (invited) 
2002, Hudson Theatre, Beth Abraham Music Therapy Program, Music Cognition. NY, NY (invited) 
2002, Auditory Neuroscience Seminar Series, University of Connecticut at Storrs, Effects of Auditory 
Cortex Lesions on Music Perception (invited) 
2003, Neuroesthetics Symposium, University of California at Berkeley, Widely Distributed Neural Systems 
for Musical Aesthetics (invited) 
2004, Linda and Jack Gill Center for Biomolecular 2004 Symposium and Award, Indiana University (invited) 
2004, Jill S. Titus Lecture, Institute for Mind, Body & Spirituality, Lesley College (invited) 
2004, Special Session of the 50th Annual Meeting of the Acoustic Society of America, Musical Acoustics: 
Neurophysiology of Musical Instrument Playing, New York (invited) 
2004, Carnegie Hall Concert and Symposium, Beautiful Minds, Beautiful Music, New York (invited) 
EFTA00587641
--- PAGE 7 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
2005, Neurosciences & Music Symposium, Leipzig, Germay (invited) 
2005, Leibniz Institute, Magdeburg Germany (invited) 
2005, Harvard Club of Fort Lee, FL (invited) 
2005, Roland M. Pinkham Annual Memorial Lecture, Swedish Medical Center, Seattle, WA (invited) 
2006, Harvard Medical Exchange Club, Harvard Club of Boston (invited) 
2006, Neurosciences Institute, Leona, CA (invited) 
2006, Arts in Medicine Series, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center (invited) 
2007, National Center for Human Performance, Houston, TX (invited) 
2007, Center for Performing Arts Medicine, Methodist-Cornell Medical Center, Houston, TX (invited) 
2007, Cold Spring Harbor Interdisciplinary Symposium on Memory in Neuroscience & the Humanities 
(invited) 
2008, National Academy of Sciences Annual Meeting, Koshland Science Museum, Music and the Brain: 
Performance and Discussion, Washington, DC (invited) 
2009, Keynote Lecture, Cleveland Clinic, Music and the Brain Symposium, Cleveland, OH (invited) 
2008, Duke University, Opening Lecture, Music and the Brain Sympsosium, Durham, NC (invited) 
2009, Shepherd School of Music, Rice University, Exploring the Mind Through Music Symposium, 
Houston, TX (invited) 
2009, Moderator, Press Conference on Music and the Brain, Society for Neuroscience 39th Annual 
Meeting, Chicago, IL (invited) 
2009, Barrow Neurological Institute, Neurology/Neurosurgery Grand Rounds, Phoenix, AZ (invited) 
2009, International Mind Brain & Education Society Meeting, Panel: Advances in the cognitive 
neuroscience of music: Implications for education, Philadelphia, PN (invited) 
2009, National Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences, Board Meeting, LA, CA (invited) 
2009, International Mind Brain & Education Society Meeting, Panel: Emotion, learning, & the brain: 
Insights from experimental neuroscience & educational approaches to children with neurological 
disease, Philadelphia. PN (invited) 
2009, Michael Ty Memorial Lecture, Brigham & Women's Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital, 
Boston, Massachusetts (invited) 
2009, Keynote Speaker, Richard J. Lederman Lecture, Performing Arts Medicine Association, Snowmass, 
CO (invited) 
2009, Lincoln Center, Music and the Brain Symposium, New York, NY (invited) 
2010, Stanford University Institute for Creativity & the Arts, Music & the Brain Forum, Palo Alto, CA 
(invited) 
2011, New York Academy of Sciences, Music Science & Medicine Symposium, New York, NY (invited) 
2011, Keynote Speaker, International Society for Quantitative Research in Music & Medicine Symposium, 
Ogden, UT (invited) 
2011, Aspen Ideas Festival, Music on the Edge Colloquia, Speaker, Aspen CO (invited) 
2012, Keynote Speaker, Music & Medicine, The Louis Armstrong Center for Music & Medicine, Beth 
Israel Medical Center, NY, NY (invited) 
2012, Music in Neuroscience Workshop, Lecturer, Monte Verita, Ascona, Switzerland (invited) 
2012, PAINweek National Conference, Speaker, Las Vegas, NV (invited) 
Public Education (partial list) 
1995, NBC Nightly News with Tom Brokaw, The New York Times Science Times, Boston Magazine 
1996, BBC 4 Television, Los Angeles Times, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, Young Students Learning Library 
Science Yearbook, American Psychological Association Monitor 
1997, The Washington Post, The Boston Globe Quotes of Note, Fox News Channel 
1998, NBC Today Show, PBS Healthweek, CBS National Radio, Public Radio International, New England 
Cable News, KCBS Radio San Francisco, WAV-FM Radio Tokyo, ZIP-FM Radio Nagoya, LA Times. 
USA Today 
1999, Lifetime Channel, Discovery Science Channel, NPR Living On Earth 
2001, National Geographic TV, WBZ-TV Boston, WCVB-TV Boston, Discovery Channel, NPR The 
Connection, US News & World Report, Discover Magazine, The New York Times Science Times, 
The Boston Globe Health/Science 
2002, WCVB-TV Boston, Canadian Broadcasting Corporation Radio Ideas, People Magazine, ABCnews.com, 
NPR Infinite Mind 
EFTA00587642
--- PAGE 8 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
2003, The New York Times, Harvard Medical School Alumni Bulletin, Neurology Today, Edmonton Journal 
2004, Journal of the American Medical Association, PBS-TV Closer To Truth, WiredNews.com, Discover 
2005, CBS-TV Sunday Morning, National Public Radio, Chicago Tribune, Seattle Times 
2006, The Wall Street Journal, US News & World Report, NPR, St Louis Post-Dispatch 
2007, Washington Post 
2007, RadioLab 
2008, Nightline, WABC-TV 
2009, All Things Considered, NPR 
2009, Duke University Music and the Brain Symposium Lecture, 
http:/Avww.youtube.comiwatch?v=gviClw3BqfQ 
2010, Stanford University Music and the Brain Forum Lecture, 
httplAvww.youtube.comiwatch?v=5zLGrbVLvhg 
2011, Keynote Lecture, ISQRMM, httplAvww.youtube.com/watch?v=edUh2w4jCtc 
2011, Aspen Ideas Festival, GenConnect http://www.genconnect.corn/careenrharvard-medicals-dr. 
mark-tramo-science-of-music-video/ 
Report of Clinical Activities 
Description of Clinical Practice 
I am a general adult neurologist (board certified in 1988) with fellowship training in Behavioral Neurology and 
Stroke and a PhD in Neurobiology/Neurophysiology. I see inpatients and outpatients and perform laboratory 
testing in Neuropsychology (psychometric testing) and Neurophysiology (Electromyoneurography; 
Somatosensory, Visual, and Auditory Evoked Potentials). I have published original work on the use of 
cognitive tests, hearing tests, electrophysiological tests, MRI, and PET in stroke, epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, 
vegetative, neurosurgical, and dyslexia patients. 
PART III. 
A. Bibliography 
I. Tramo MJ, Hainline B, Petito F, Lee B, Caronna J Vertebral artery injury and cerebellar stroke 
while swimming. Stroke 1985; 16:1039-1042 
2. Tramo MJ, Schneck MJ, Lee BCP, Rapoport S Evoked potentials and magnetic resonance imaging in 
3, Tramo MI, Hainline B Stroke in sports. In: Jordan B, Tsairis P, Warren It, eds. Sports Neurology. 
Rockville, Maryland: Aspen Publishing Co, 1989:98-115 
the diagnosis of multiple sclerosis. Neurology 1985; 35(Suppl I):105 
4. Levy DE, Sidtis J, Rottenberg DA, Jarden JO, Strothers S, Dhawan V, Ginos JZ, Tramo MJ, Evans 
AC, Plum F The vegetative state and locked-in states affect cerebral blood flow and glucose 
utilization differently. Annals of Neurology 1987; 22:673.682 
5. Tramo MI, Sidtis 33, Dhawan V, Strothers S, Moeller 3, Ginos J, Sergi M, and Rottenberg DA 
Variability of regional glucose extraction fraction in the normal resting state. Annals of 
Neurology 1987; 22(Suppl):16IA 
6. Tramo MI, Gazzaniga MS Discrimination and recognition of complex tonal spectra by the cerebral 
hemispheres: Differential lateralization of acoustic-discriminative and semantic-associative 
functions in auditory pattern perception. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1987; 15:1060 
7. Tramo MJ, Baynes K, Volpe B Impaired syntactic comprehension and production in Broca's aphasia: 
CT lesion localization and recovery patterns. Neurology 1988; 38:95.98 
8. Eidelberg D, Tramo M, Strother SC, Moeller JR, Sidtis JJ, Dhawan V, Rottenberg DA Variability in 
regional cerebral metabolic rate for glucose (rCMRG1u) and the consequences for the 
study of neurologic disease with FDG/PET. Neurology 1988; 38(Suppl 1):367 
9. Tramo MI, Gazzaniga MS Recovery patterns in neurobehavioral syndromes. W.H.O. Collaborating 
Centre for Research and Training in Neurosciences, Neuroplasticity of the Nervous System, Beijing, 
10. Jouandet ML, Tramo MI, Herron DM, Hermann A, Loftus WC, Bazell J, Gazzaniga MS Brainprints: 
Computer-generated two-dimensional maps of the human cerebral cortex in vivo. Journal of 
Cognitive Neuroscience 1989; 1:88-117 
EFTA00587643
--- PAGE 9 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
I I. Oppenheim JS, Skerry JE, Tramo MJ, Gazzaniga MS Magnetic resonance imaging morphology of the 
corpus callosum in monozygotic twins. Annals of Neurology 1989; 26:100.104 
12. Levy DE, Tramo MJ, Plum F Do positron emission tomographic scans measure quality of life? 
Reply. Annals of Neurology 1989; 2:288 
13. Tramo MJ, Reuter-Lorenz P, Gazzaniga MS Pure alexia: Cognitive and anatomical correlates. Annals 
of Neurology 1989; 26:126 
14. Tramo MJ, Bharucha JJ, Musiek FE Music perception and cognition following bilateral lesions of 
auditory cortex. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience 1990; 2:195-212 
(Abstracted by permission In: Hall III, J., ed. 1991 Year Book of Speech, Language, and Hearing, 
Chicago: Mosby 1991; Chapter 15: Auditory Findings in Pathologies) 
IS. Jouandet ML, Tramo MJ, Thomas CE, Newton CH, Loftus WC, Weaver JB, Gazzaniga MS 
Brainprints: Inter- and intra-observer reliability. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1990; 16:1151 
16. Tramo MJ, Guglielmo MA, Reuter-Lorenz P, Gazzaniga MS Functional dissociations in 
hemispatial neglect: Brainprints and quantitative lesion localization. Annals of Neurology 1990; 
28:255 
17. Tramo MJ Current Problems in Neurology: 5, Impact of Functional Imaging in Neurology and 
Psychiatry: Book Review. Neurosurgery 1990; 26:354-355 
18. Tramo MJ Lesion Analysis in Neuropsychology: Book Review. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience 
1990;2:156.157 
19. Tramo MJ, Bharucha JJ Musical priming by the right hemisphere post-callosotomy. 
Neuropsychologia 1991; 29:313-325 
20. Tramo MJ, Bharucha JJ Conical networks in associative auditory processing. International Brain 
Research Organization Abstracts 1991; 252 
21. Tramo MJ, Musiek FE, Gazzaniga MS Disruption of interhemispheric integration of complex auditory 
information following focal hemorrhage into the posterior body of the corpus callosum. Society for 
Neuroscience Abstracts 1991; 17:1484 
22. Zatorre RJ, Heffner H, Liegeois-Chavel C, Tramo M, Samson S Functional aspects of auditory 
cortex. International Brain Research Organization Abstracts 1991; 8 
23. Green RL, Tramo MJ, Loftus WC, Thomas CE, Brown PB, Weaver JB, Gazzaniga MS 
Regional conical surface area measurements in monozygotic twins discordant for schizophrenia 
suggest a left hemisphere basis for the disease. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1991; 17:455 
24. Baynes K, Tramo MJ, Gazzaniga MS Reading with a limited lexicon in the right hemisphere of a 
callosotomy patient. Neuropsychologia 1992; 30:187-200 
25. Kussmaul CL, Tramo MJ, Mangun GR Investigation of harmonic relationships on auditory event-
related potentials to successive pure tones. Psychophysiology 1992; 29:547 
26. Baynes K, Tramo, MJ, Fendrich R, Reeves AG, Gazzaniga MS Specificity of interhemispheric 
transfer following a partial lesion of the corpus callosum. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1992; 
18:1207 
27. Tramo MJ, Cariani PA, Delgutte B Representation of tonal consonance and dissonance in the 
temporal firing patterns of auditory nerve fibers: Responses to musical intervals composed of pure 
tones vs. harmonic complex tones. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1992; 18:382 
28. Tramo MJ Split-brain studies of music perception and cognition. Contemporary Music Review 1993; 
9:113.121 
29. Loftus WC, Tramo MI, Thomas CE, Green RL, Nordgren RA, Gazzaniga MS Three dimensional 
quantitative analysis of hemispheric asymmetry in the human superior temporal region. Cerebral 
Cortex 1993; 3:349-355 
30. Delgutte B, Cariani PA, Tramo MJ Neurophysiological correlates of the pitch of complex tones. 
Journal of the Acoustical Society of America, Suppl. 1993; I, 93:2293-2294 
31. Bharucha JJ, Tramo MJ, Zatorre RJ Abstraction of the missing fundamental following bilateral 
lesions of auditory cortex. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1993; 19:1687 
32. Peretz I, Kolinsky R, Tramo M, Labrecque R, Hublet C, Demeurisse G, Belleville S Functional 
dissociations following bilateral lesions of auditory cortex. Brain 1994; 117:1283.1301 
33. Tramo MJ, Grant A, Braida LD Psychophysical measurements of frequency difference limens for 
relative pitch discrimination reveal a deficit following bilateral lesions of auditory cortex. Society 
for Neuroscience Abstracts 1994; 20: 325 
EFTA00587644
--- PAGE 10 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
34. Kussmaul CL, Tramo MJ, Mangun GR ERP measures of musical expectancy: Role of the NI00 and 
other early components. Proceedings of the Herbert von Karajan Symposium, Wien, 1994 
35. Tramo MJ, Loftus WC, Thomas CE, Green RL, Mott LA, Gazzaniga MS Surface area of human 
cerebral cortex and its gross morphological subdivisions. In vivo measurements of monozygotic 
twins suggest differential hemisphere effects of genetic factors. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience 
1995; 7:292-302 
36. Loftus WC, Tramo MJ, Gazzaniga MS Conical surface modeling reveals gross morphometric 
correlates of individual differences. Human Brain Mapping 1995; 3:257-270 
37. Tramo MJ, Baynes K, Fendrich R, Mangun GR, Phelps EA, Reuter-Lorenz PA, Gazzaniga MS 
Hemispheric specialization and interhemispheric integration: Insights from experiments with 
commissurotomy patients. In: Reeves AG, Roberts DW, eds., Epilepsy and the Corpus Callosum II, pp 
263-295, NY: Plenum Press, 1995 
38. Tramo MJ, Bellew BF, Hauser MD Discharge patterns of auditory conical neurons evoked by species-
specific vocalizations and complex synthetic signals in Macaca mulatto. Society for Neuroscience 
Abstracts 1996; 22:1623 
39. Tramo MJ Neural representations of tonal harmony. International Journal of Psychology 1996; 
31:187 
40. Baynes K, Tramo MJ, Reeves AG, Gazzaniga MS Isolation of a right hemisphere cognitive system in 
a patient with anarchic (alien) hand syndrome. Neuropsychologia 1997; 35:1159-1173 
41. Cariani P, Tramo M, Delgutte B Neural representations of pitch through temporal autocorrelation. 
Proceedings of the Audio Engineering Society, AES Preprint #4583 (L-3), 1997 
42. Tramo MJ, Loftus WC, Stukel TA, Green RL, Weaver JB, Gazzaniga MS Brain size, head size, and 
intelligence in monozygotic twins. Neurology 1998; 50:1246.1252 
43. Patel AD, Peretz 1, Tramo M, Labreque R Processing prosodic and musical patterns: A 
ncuropsychological investigation. Brain and Language 1998; 61:123-144 
44. Tramo MJ, Moraru D, Hauser MD Representation of species-specific vocalizations in the temporal 
discharge patterns of auditory cortical neurons in alert Macaca mulatta. Society for Neuroscience 
Abstracts 1998; 24:401 
45. Tramo MJ Physiological acoustics. In: Beyer RT, Parker SP, eds., McGraw-Hill 1998 Yearbook of 
Science and Technology, Encyclopedia of Science and Technology, NY:McGraw-Hill , pp 305.307 
46. Green RL, Hutsler JJ, Loftus WC, Tramo MJ, Thomas CE, Silberfarb AW, Nordgren RA, Gazzaniga 
MS. The caudal infrasylvian surface in dyslexia. Neurology 1999; 53:974-981 
47. Tramo MJ, Cariani PA Receptive field organization in the core area of alert macaque auditory cortex. 
Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1999; 25:395 
48. Tramo MJ, Cariani PA, Moraru D Spectrotemporal response properties of auditory cortex neurons in 
the alert macaque. Association for Research in Otolaryngology Abstracts 1999; 22:116-117 
49. Kaas JH, Hackett TA, Tramo MJ Auditory processing in primate cerebral cortex. Current Opinion in 
Neurobiology 1999; 9:164-170 
50. Tramo MJ, McKinney MC, Cariani PA, Delgutte B Physiology of tonal consonance and dissonance. 
Association for Research in Otolaryngology Abstracts 2000; 23:275.276 
51. Litovsky R, Fligor B, Tramo M Functional role of the human inferior colliculus in binaural hearing. 
Association for Research in Otolaryngology Abstracts 2000; 23: 286 
52. Tramo MJ Music of the hemispheres. Science 2001; 291:54-5625. 
53. Tramo MJ, Cariani PA, Delgutte B, Braids LD Neurobiological foundations for the theory of harmony 
in Western tonal music. Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences 2001; 930:92-116 
54. Battelli L, Cavanagh P, Intriligator J, Tramo MJ, Henaff M-A, Michel F, Barton JJS Unilateral right 
parietal damage leads to bilateral deficit for high-level motion. Neuron 2001; 32:985-995 
55. McKinney MF, Tramo, MJ, Delgutte B Neural correlates of the dissonance of musical intervals in the 
inferior colliculus. Association for Research in Otolaryngology Abstracts 2001; 24:54-55 
56. Tramo MJ, Rosenbaum ER, Cariani PA, Hauser MD Differential responses of auditory cortex neurons 
to natural and unnatural vocalizations in alert Macaca minuet. 
Society for Neuroscience 
Abstracts 2001; 26 
57. McKinney MF, Tramo, MI, Delgutte B 
Neural correlates of musical dissonance in the inferior 
colliculus. In Houtsma AJM, Kohlrausch A, Prijs VF, Schoonhoven R, Eds., Physiological and 
Psychophysical Bases of Auditory Function, Maastricth: Shaker Publishing, pp 71.77, 2001 
58. Gray PM, Payne R, Krause B, Tramo MJ The biology of music. Response. Science 2001; 292:2432-
Itl 
EFTA00587645
--- PAGE 11 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
2433 
59. Tramo MI Pathoanatomy of amusia: Harmony perception and aesthetics. Journal Watch Neurology 
2001; 3:88 
60. Tramo MI, Shah GD, Braida LB Functional role of auditory cortex in frequency processing 
and pitch perception. Journal of Neurophysiology 2002; 87:122-139 
61. Litovsky RY, Fligor B, Tramo MJ Functional role of the inferior colliculus in binaural hearing. 
Hearing Research 2002; 165; 177.188 
62. Tramo MI The Brain and Music. Harvard Dictionary ofMusic, 46 Edition. (new entry), Cambridge, 
Harvard Press, 2003 
63. Tramo MJ, Koh CK, Shah GD, Braida LD Effects of bilateral auditory cortex lesions on frequency 
processing and virtual pitch perception. ARO Abstracts 2004; 27:78 
64. Tramo M.1 Physiology, anatomy, and plasticity of the cerebral cortex in relation to musical instrument 
performance. Journal of the Acoustical Society of America 2004 115; 2590 
65. Tramo MJ, Koh CK, Shah GD, Braida LD Functional role of the auditory cortex in virtual pitch 
perception. Society for neuroscience Abstracts 2004 
66. Tramo Ml, Cariani PA, Koh CK, Makris N, Braida LD Neurophysiology and neuroanatomy of pitch 
perception. Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences 2005; 1060:148.174. 
67. Koss AD, Tramo MJ, Flaherty AW, Young AB Effect of auditory stimulation with popular music on 
visuomotor integration and gait in Parkinson's disease. Neurology 2006; 67:114 
68. Tramo MI, Koh CK, Lense MD, Van Ness CM, ICrishnamoorthy KS, Kagan J, Caviness VS Effect of 
auditory stimulation with vocal music on neurophysiologic responses to pain in premature infants. 
Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 2006 
69. Dykstra AD, Braida LD, Koh CK, Tramo MJ Intensity discrimination following bilateral lesions of 
auditory cortex. Cognitive Neuroscience Society Abstracts 2007 #G93 
70. Dykstra AD, Braida LD, Koh CK, Tramo MJ Role of primary auditory cortex in intensity processing and 
loudness perception. Music Language Mind Abstracts 2008 
71. Dykstra AD, Braida LD, Koh CK, Tramo MJ Primary and secondary auditory cortex are necessary for 
fine-grained intensity processing and loudness discrimination. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 
2010 
72. Tramo MI, Lense M, Van Ness C, Kagan I Effect of music on physiological and behavioral 
responses to pain and stress in premature infants: Clinical trial and literature review. Music and 
Medicine 2011; 3: 72-83 
73. Dykstra AD, Koh CK, Braida LD, Tramo MI Dissociation of detection and discrimination of pure 
tones following bilateral lesions of auditory cortex. PLoS One 2012; 7:e44602. 
In preparation 
Tramo MI, Cognitive Neuroscience ofMusic, 2nd Edition. London: Oxford Press 
Tramo MI, Li L, Gazzaniga MS, Timbre discrimination and recognition by split-brain patients. 
B. Educational Material 
1. Tramo M.1 Sensory and perceptual systems. In: Cognitive and Behavioral Neurology: Focus on 
Dementia, 1997.8 Course syllabus, Harvard Medical School Department of Continuing Medical 
Education 
2. Tramo MI Psychology 9876, Music, Mind, and Brain, 1998-2006, Course syllabus, Harvard College 
3. Tramo MJ, Functional organization of the cerebral cortex. In: Dementia: A Comprehensive Update, 
2001.7 Course syllabus, Harvard Medical School Department of Continuing Medical Education 
C. Thesis 
I. Tramo MJ Neural representations of acoustic information in relation to music and voice perception. 
Harvard University, Cambridge, MA, Ph.D. Dissertation, 1998 
D. Nonprint Material 
I. wvnv.BrainMusic.org, The Institute for Music and Brain Science 
EFTA00587646
--- PAGE 12 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
END 
EFTA00587647

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587648.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587648.pdf
----------------------------------------
MAKING EVERY DROP COUNT 
COM 
Dec 12, 2013 
Ms. Ann Rodriquez 
Little St. James Island 
USVI. 
U.S. Virgin Islands Operations 
6501 Red Hook Plan. Suite 201 
St. Thomas. Virgin Islands 00802-1306 
Ann, 
As requested, I have put together a preliminary quotation to replace the non-
functioning touchscreen on the LSJ SWRO system. Please note that the screen failed 
due to what I am being told was a high pressure run event that burst three high 
pressure lines on the system spraying the MC panel with salt water. It is impossible to 
run the system without the screen , so I cannot say if this is the only issue with the 
SWRO system, and we may or may not have further issues after we replace the TS and 
restart the plant. 
TOUCH SCREEN REPLACEMENT: 
1. Siemens 6AV6 643-0CD01-1AX1 Touchscreen panel: 
Cost: $ 3,348.80 
2. Programming costs for new touchscreen: 
Cost: $ 200.00 
3. IT support from Gainesville during installation: 
Cost: $ 435.00 
4. 8 hrs. Labor for USVI Technician to install, start, and service LSJ SWRO system: 
Cost: $ 800.00 
TOTAL COST: $4,783.80 
This is a "site specific" repair, and we will need approval and a check for the total 
amount listed above before proceeding with ordering the touchscreen and 
programming. 
PLEASE NOTE: Any additional Labor Costs are billed out at $100.00 per hour. Any 
other labor not listed above will be charged separately. 
Respectfully, 
Patrick Adams 
USVI Operations Manager 
Georgia • Florida • US Virgin Islands • British Virgin Islands • Anguilla • Turks and Caicos • Bahamas 
EFTA00587648
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
EFTA00587649

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587650.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587650.pdf
----------------------------------------
Noa Efrat (Ben-Baruch), MD 
Oncologist 
License No. 15606 Specialist license No. 10084 
Cell:
Fax: 073.25801045 
For appointments
December 21, 2015 
Anat Maoz 
Identity Card No. 
Age: 49 M + 4, Painter 
Ethnicity: Ashkenazi 
Family history: Both grandmothers had breast cancer at age 60+ 
Genetics: Negative for common mutations 
Concomitant diseases: No 
Regular medications: No 
Gynecology history: Leukeran since 2013 
History of Present Illness: 
In 2006, at age 40, was diagnosed with advanced breast cancer without lymph node involvement. RS-23. Underwent 
lumpectomy and sentinel node resection. Received radiotherapy and Tamoxifen. Finished taking Tamoxifen in 2009. 
Since 2010 has been followed with serial imaging for suspected T1 metastases. In 2013 had a definitive diagnosis of 
T1 metastasis. Underwent surgery — fixation, focused radiation and resumed Tamoxifen therapy. 
For more than a year she has been complaining that the right axilla does not feel right — no imaging studies. 
In September, 2015, she developed right hand numbness. Underwent a systemic work-up which revealed: 
1. Tumor spread to the right axillary lymph nodes (PET/CT and directed US) 
2. T1 destruction with invasion into the canal (PET/CT and MRI) 
3. Rise in tumor markers 
4. No evidence of additional spread 
Has begun taking Leukeran + Letrozole. Is scheduled to begin taking Xgeva. 
There may be a slight improvement in the neurological complaints. Axillary discomfort has improved. 
T1 surgery had been recommended followed by stereotactic radiation — at this point in time the patient is refusing 
surgery. 
On examination: 
In good state of health. I could not palpate with certainty any axillary lymph nodes. 
Director, Oncology Institute 
Kaplan Medical Center 
Rehovot 
AM.2 
Te 
EFTA00587650

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587651.pdf
----------------------------------------
Noa Efrat (Ben-Baruch), MD 
Oncologist 
License No. 15606 Specialist license No. 10084 
Impression and Recommendations: 
Very slow progression of metastatic breast cancer with little metastatic spread. At the present time, the main problem 
is a mechanical one of T1 vertebra. 
If she refuses surgery, I would consider focused stereotactic radiation to T1. 
Regarding the oncology treatment plan: 
- Continue taking Letrozole + ovarian suppression + Xgeva 
- Systemic evaluation after 4 months of therapy 
- Axillary US and tumor markers after 3 months of therapy 
Sincerely, 
Noa Efrat (Ben-Baruch), MD 
Noa Eftrat Ben-Baruch 
Oncologist 
Director, Oncoogy Institute 
Kaplan Medical Center 
Medical license 15605 Specialist License No. 10084 
[doctor's stamp] 
Director, Oncology Institute 
Kaplan Medical Center 
Rehovot 
AM.3 
EFTA00587651

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587652.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587652.pdf
----------------------------------------
Noa Efrat (Ben-Baruch), MD 
Oncologist 
License No. 15606 Specialist license No. 10084 
For appointments: 
December 21, 2015 
Anat Maoz 
Identity Card No. 
Age: 49 M + 4, Painter 
Ethnicity: Ashkenazi 
Family history: Both grandmothers had breast cancer at age 60+ 
Genetics: Negative for common mutations 
Concomitant diseases: No 
Regular medications: No 
Gynecology history: Leukeran since 2013 
History of Present Illness: 
In 2006, at age 40, was diagnosed with advanced breast cancer without lymph node involvement. RS-23. Underwent 
lumpectomy and sentinel node resection. Received radiotherapy and Tamoxifen. Finished taking Tamoxifen in 2009. 
Since 2010 has been followed with serial imaging for suspected T1 metastases. In 2013 had a definitive diagnosis of 
T1 metastasis. Underwent surgery — fixation, focused radiation and resumed Tamoxifen therapy. 
For more than a year she has been complaining that the right axilla does not feel right — no imaging studies. 
In September, 2015, she developed right hand numbness. Underwent a systemic work-up which revealed: 
1. Tumor spread to the right axillary lymph nodes (PET/CT and directed US) 
2. T1 destruction with invasion into the canal (PET/CT and MRI) 
3. Rise in tumor markers 
4. No evidence of additional spread 
Has begun taking Leukeran + Letrozole. Is scheduled to begin taking Xgeva. 
There may be a slight improvement in the neurological complaints. Axillary discomfort has improved. 
T1 surgery had been recommended followed by stereotactic radiation — at this point in time the patient is refusing 
surgery. 
On examination: 
In good state of health. I could not palpate with certainty any axillary lymph nodes. 
Director, Oncology Institute 
Kaplan Medical Center 
Rehovot 
AM.2 
EFTA00587652

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587653.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587653.pdf
----------------------------------------
Europass 
Curriculum Vitae 
Personal information 
First name(s) I Surname(s) 
Address(es) 
Telephone(s) 
E-mail 
Nationality 
Date of birth 
Gender 
Desired employment / 
Occupational field 
Work experience 
Dates 
Occupation or position held 
Main activities and responsibilities 
Name and address of employer 
Type of business or sector 
Dates 
Occupation or position held 
Main activities and responsibilibe 
Name and address of employer 
Type of business or sector 
Education and training 
Dates 
Title of qualification awarded 
Principal subjects/occupational skills 
covered 
Name and type of organisation 
providing education and training 
Personal skills competences 
Egerta Terziu 
RR "DON BOSKO' IN FRONT OF VIZION PLUS. 
0685507944 
Albanian 
02.01.1995 
Female 
May -Setember 2011-2012 
Call Center —TREGI 
Maintaining and throwing of information to the customer, 
Promoting the product in the best way possible . 
Worker of the month , many times. 
Tregi Marketing Group 
Service, English and Italian. 
January 2008 —October 2010 
Speaker on radio 
Presentation of emissions not only musical but and cultural selection of youth 
Radio +2 
2013—
Bachelor in Ingineering- Textile and Fashion. 
Biology , Math , English . Algebra , Infrmatic etc. 
Polytechnic University Of Tirana 
EFTA00587653
--- PAGE 2 ---
Mother tongue(s) 
Albanian 
Other language(s) 
• Level of reading 
• Level of writing 
• Level of speaking 
Social skills and competences 
Organisational skills and 
competences 
Technical skills and competences 
Computer skills and competences 
ENGLISH 
Level: exelent 
Level: exelent 
Level: exelent 
GERMAN 
ITALIAN 
SPANISH 
good 
exelent 
good 
good 
good 
good 
good 
exelent 
good 
I am open to change (positive or negative) and to considerable variety in the workplace. I have 
participate in several conferences held in the country, I am part of a non-profit organization AIESEC 
,Women's Europena American Business Counsil 
During my work on television had organized a series of seminars and dialogues on the problems 
associated with youth obligations in this period of transition. Using logic and reasoning to identify the 
strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems 
I have knowledge about financial programs as Finace 5.0, Alpha B.O. being careful about detail and 
thorough in completing work tasks 
I am also a good competent user of Microsoft Office as Microsoft Windows XP, Microsoft Word , 
Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Power point and Internet & E-mail. 
Artistic skills and competences 
PERSONAL INTRESTS 
Enjoy all sports particularly hiking and running. Love to travel and experience different cultures. 
Annexes 
Certificate of Finance 5.0 by INFOSOFT SD 
Computer certificate By ISSETI 
English Certificate By TOELF 
EFTA00587654

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587655.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587655.pdf
----------------------------------------
[Please use company letterhead and sign] 
DRAFT 
December 2, 2014 
Joi Ito 
Director 
MIT Media Lab 
c/o Marissa Wozniak 
Massachusetts Avenue, E14-245 
Cambridge, MA 02139 
Dear Joi, 
In appreciation of the work being done at the MIT Media Lab, I hereby inform you of an 
unrestricted gift of $5 million from the Leon Black Family Foundation to support your 
ongoing initiatives. 
$1 million will be paid immediately and the remaining $4 million will be paid by 
December 31, 2015. These funds will be wired from our Foundation account to the MIT 
Media Lab account at Bank of America. 
With best wishes for the future, 
Leon D. Black 
President 
EFTA00587655

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587656.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587656.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXCLUSIVE AIRCRAFT ACQUISITION AGREEMENT 
This EXCLUSIVE AIRCRAFT ACQUISITION AGREEMENT (hereinafter the 
"AGREEMENT") is entered into this 
day of 
2005, by and between 
OPUS AERONAUTICS LIMITED 
(hereinafter "REPRESENTATIVE"), a Monaco 
S.A.R.L. corporation, with its principal office at !0 Avenue Grande Bretagne , Monte Carlo , 
Monaco 98000 and 
(hereinafter "BUYER") a 
corporation, 
with 
its 
principal 
office 
at 
Telephone Number: ( 
) 
, Facsimile Number: ( 
) 
In consideration of services to be performed by REPRESENTATIVE as provided for 
herein, BUYER hereby appoints REPRESENTATIVE to act as BUYER's exclusive 
representative in connection with the purchase of Boeing BBJ S/N 30884 Reg: No: A6-DFR 
(hereinafter the "AIRCRAFT") for BUYER. 
1. 
The term of this AGREEMENT shall be from the date hereof until the 15th May 2017 
or until the AIRCRAFT is purchased and/or leased or until terminated by either 
party upon thirty (30) days written notice but except for a sale and/or lease, in no 
event for less than twelve (12) months. BUYER and REPRESENTATIVE agree that 
they will keep confidential the terms of this AGREEMENT and of any resulting 
purchase and/or lease. 
(b) 
REPRESENTATIVE shall on behalf of the BUYER negotiate the terms of 
the purchase and/or lease and shall provide all correspondence pertaining to the 
transaction to the BUYER. 
2. 
In the event an AIRCRAFT is purchased , BUYER agrees to pay 
REPRESENTATIVE an aircraft brokerage fee by wire transfer in U.S. Dollars immediately 
upon the earlier of: 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
Passing of title or, 
Transfer of possession of the AIRCRAFT or, 
Receipt by seller of payment of the sales price of the AIRCRAFT and/or in 
the case of a lease, receipt by the lessor of the initial lease rental for the 
AIRCRAFT. REPRESENTATIVE's aircraft brokerage fee shall be 
3. 
REPRESENTATIVE shall be entitled to its aircraft brokerage fee hereunder as 
follows: The purchase and/or lease of an AIRCRAFT entered into by BUYER 
directly or indirectly within six (6) months of termination of this AGREEMENT 
under the terms of Section 1 and REPRESENTATIVE had contacted the 
prospective seller and/or lessor prior to termination of this AGREEMENT. 
"Contact" shall include, but not be limited to, telephone conversations, personal 
visits and correspondence by letter, facsimile, electronic mail, modem, telex and 
direct mail with the seller and/or lessor. 
4. 
EFTA00587656
--- PAGE 2 ---
Representative will organize, help, complete and provide a predelivery inspection 
(physical) of the aircraft and the aircraft records. Although Buyer may wish to 
reserve the right to appoint an independent technical third party to do this 
inspection. Representative will review the purchase contract and aid Buyers to 
assist in making the deal happen e.g. attend any meetings etc.help resolve issues 
etc. 
5. 
BUYER indemnifies and holds REPRESENTATIVE, its parent, subsidiaries, 
affiliates, directors, officers, employees and representatives, harmless from 
liability or responsibility arising out of or connected with: 
(a) 
The previous and ongoing inspection, maintenance and operation of the 
AIRCRAFT, 
(b) 
Errors and inaccuracies in the inspection, maintenance and flight records 
of the AIRCRAFT , 
(c) 
The flight demonstration of the AIRCRAFT , 
(d) 
The purchase and operation of the AIRCRAFT and any trade-
in aircraft pursuant to this AGREEMENT. 
BUYER shall cause its 
underwriters to: 
Add REPRESENTATIVE, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, 
directors, officers, employees and representatives as additional named 
insureds on BUYER's Aircraft Hull and Liability Insurance Policies 
(including any Products Liability endorsement) and any renewals thereto, 
(ii) 
Waive its rights of subrogation against REPRESENTATIVE, its 
parent, 
subsidiaries, 
affiliates, 
directors, 
officers, 
employees 
and 
representatives and, 
(iii) 
Provide REPRESENTATIVE with underwriters' certification 
evidencing said coverages, which certificates shall include thirty (30) days 
notice to REPRESENTATIVE of any modification or cancellation of said 
coverages and, 
(d) 
REPRESENTATIVE's performance under this AGREEMENT. 
6. 
In the event that the AIRCRAFT suffers a total and/or constructive total loss 
prior to the sale and/or lease of the AIRCRAFT and BUYER has made a written offer that 
has been accepted by the OWNER in writing for the sale and/or lease of the AIRCRAFT, 
BUYER hereby agrees to immediately pay REPRESENTATIVE its entire brokerage fee as 
agreed in Section 4 above. 
7. 
This AGREEMENT shall be binding upon all successors and assigns of the 
EFTA00587657
--- PAGE 3 ---
BUYER and may be only amended in writing and shall be construed in accordance with 
and governed by the laws of England exclusively. Any notices required or permitted by this 
AGREEMENT shall be given as follows. To REPRESENTATIVE: Attention Mr. Robert 
Peerless. To BUYER: Attention 
, Amendments and Notices 
provided for herein are to be in writing. Notices shall be made by certified mail or express 
delivery or by facsimile transmission. 
OPUS AERONAUTICS SARL 
By: 
Name: Robert Peerless 
Title: Aircraft Consultant 
(BUYER) 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
EFTA00587658

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587659.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587659.pdf
----------------------------------------
IPI 
INTERNATIONAL 
PEACE 
INSTITUTE 
Vienna 16 July 2015 
Proposal for the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 2016-2018: 
POLIO ERADICATION & 
HEALTH AND SECURITY 
I. OVERVIEW 
This proposal by the International Peace Institute (IPI) to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (BMGF) 
consists of two parts. The first focuses on (i) polio eradication: IPI will continue its analysis on the 
security, political, and operational aspects of the polio eradication campaign in Pakistan and 
Afghanistan and provide input and recommendations on how to reduce risk and increase the 
effectiveness of the campaign in these difficult environments. The second part (ii) has a broader 
thematic scope on health and security, focusing on the implications of insurgency, armed groups, 
terrorism, violent extremism and poor governance on health and vice verso. This includes global 
issues of health diplomacy and health policy development and implementation, particularly in fragile 
states. 
II. ACTIVITIES 
In support of BMGF's objectives, IPI will deliver in the following areas: 
• 
Security: provide continued access to IPI's field research; security-related analysis; real-time 
spot reports; granular local analysis; strategic inputs and recommendations; and tactical 
advice on short-term implementation in hostile environments. IPI has a proven track record 
in providing BMGF with a unique perspective and informed second opinion on existing 
reports that often lack first-hand insights on local actors, conditions and events in 
Afghanistan and Pakistan (as well as Nigeria, Somalia and Syria as required). IPI often 
highlights views that are outside the mainstream of media reporting and challenges the 
conventional wisdom when necessary. 
• 
Communications: 
IPI 
helps 
correct inaccurate narratives contained in existing 
communications strategies that have the unintended consequence of sending the wrong 
message, in the wrong way, to the wrong audience. Drawing on its analysis of local 
conditions, IPI provides advice on targeted media strategies that can help reduce barriers to 
polio eradication. IPI provides an independent perspective on the effectiveness of polio 
eradication campaigns, including on under-reporting of polio cases, over-reporting of 
vaccinations, as well as governance and integrity issues. 
• 
Access: using its local and high-level contacts, IPI provides access to remote and dangerous 
locations as well as relevant decision-makers, including non-state actors. IPI also provides 
unique insights into complex and dynamic local conditions. Furthermore, it can support the 
catalytic role of BMGF in the multilateral arena. 
EFTA00587659
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
Early Warning: security alerts to complement international efforts to improve early warning 
on pandemics. IPI's convening power can bring together high-level security, health and 
political players who are in a position to trigger early responses. 
• 
Thematic Expertise: provision of in-depth global and regional expertise on the implications 
of violent extremism, criminal groups, terrorists and insurgents on global development and 
health. IPI will provide in-depth research and risk analysis through its global network of 
experts on violent extremism, armed groups, and insurgency. IPI will organize a set of events 
and initiatives to create a platform to help promote the rising importance of health 
diplomacy and global health policy development. This would allow decision-makers from 
states, international organizations, NGOs, foundations, the private sector and civil society to 
exchange views and recommendations on how to more effectively address the relationship 
between health and security, and thereby be better prepared for future health risks such as 
pandemics. 
III. EXPECTED OUTCOME & IMPACT 
• 
Security:
Improved ability on the part of BMGF and its partners to assess events and to plan better, including 
for contingencies. 
• 
Communications:
More effective communications campaigns that reach the affected communities and convey 
messages that are sensitive to local conditions. 
• 
Access: 
Lower barriers and soften resistance to polio eradication. 
• 
Early Warning: 
Early warning to improve readiness and response mechanisms. 
• 
Thematic Synergies: 
Increased awareness of the relationship between heath and security, a nexus among relevant actors 
to improve health (particularly in fragile states), greater appreciation for how improved health can 
reduce vulnerability and contribute to sustainable development. 
• 
Course correction: 
Better awareness of security and political conditions generates a feedback loop that enables quick 
course correction to take advantage of fast-breaking situations and enable remedial action. 
• 
Aggregate Impact: 
It is hoped and expected that IPI's engagement con help BMGF to eradicate polio in those few 
remaining unstable locations where national health structures are unable to access, cope or deliver. 
This would enable BMGF to successfully conclude its global polio eradication programme, and achieve 
the objective of a polio-free world. The result would be a major achievement for global health, peace, 
and development. 
IV. IPI EXPERTISE 
Polio 
IPI's experts in Pakistan, Afghanistan, Somalia, and Nigeria have developed a network of interlocutors 
and accumulated in-depth knowledge on the eradication effort and the response to pandemics, as 
well as on issues related to regional humanitarian responses and practical solutions to complex 
crises. IPI's on-the-ground capacities have special importance in the context of rapidly changing 
landscapes and shifting alliances in the complex matrices of non-state actors whose activities have a 
destructive impact on health and security. 
EFTA00587660
--- PAGE 3 ---
Pandemics 
IPI is currently leveraging its knowledge, network and expertise by organizing a high-level conference 
Preparing for Pandemics: Lessons Learned for More Effective Responses at United Nations 
Headquarters in Geneva in September 2015. The conference will address the complexity of the topic 
by finding actionable solutions and developing policy recommendations for the thematic clusters of 
(i) Enhancing Preparedness and Response as well as (ii) Building Resilient Health Systems. 
Violent Extremism. Armed Groups. Terrorism and Insurgency 
IPI is establishing a Task Force on Preventing and Countering Violent Extremism. It is also part of a 
global network of experts on organized crime and has extensive knowledge on political Islam, as well 
as violent armed groups, particularly in fragile states. IPI carries out research on these topics and 
holds regular meetings on specific regions or groups. For example, IPI recently held a series of 
meetings on political Islam. It also has a network of experts that do on-the-ground analysis. This can 
help BMGF to better understand the rationale of groups opposed to the polio eradication campaign, 
while IPI's research and expertise on organized crime and other armed groups can provide greater 
situational awareness and help to reduce risk in difficult environments. 
Risk and Resilience 
IPI's work is framed in the context of Risk and Resilience: reducing risk and increasing resilience at all 
levels (global, regional, national and local). IPI has carried out numerous projects involving field-
based, in-person polling, as well as phone banks. IPI has developed a methodology for analyzing 
organized crime in fragile states and IPI staff members have experience with operating in difficult 
environments. IPI's niche lies in its ability to generate cutting-edge research, policy analysis and 
recommendations, and to reach and influence policymakers at all levels. It combines granular local 
knowledge with in-depth analysis of global trends, threats and challenges. 
V. ORGANIZATION 
IPI is an independent, international not-for-profit think tank with offices in New York, across from 
United Nations headquarters, in Vienna, and a Middle East regional office in Manama, Bahrain. IPI is 
dedicated to managing risk and building resilience to promote peace, security and sustainable 
development. To achieve its purpose, IPI employs a mix of policy research, strategic analysis, 
publishing, and convening. 
VI. PREVIOUS COLLABORATION 
BMGF and IPI have collaborated on the issues of Polio Eradication and Peace and Health. The project, 
which started in 2013, has involved a continued analysis of the political context in the localities 
where polio is still prevalent, including Afghanistan, Pakistan, Nigeria, and Somalia. The aim is to 
understand and counter threats to security that affect polio eradication. A broader initiative on 
peace and health, related to BMGF's Global Development and Global Health Programs, has been 
looking at reducing vulnerability and increasing resilience by assisting in mitigating the sources of 
instability that threaten health and, conversely, alleviating disease and poor health that threaten 
stability. This includes i) humanitarian affairs and emergency responses, ii) peace, stability, 
governance and health in Africa, iii) peace operations, iv) as well as data mining on peace and health. 
*** 
EFTA00587661

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587662.pdf
----------------------------------------
Statement on behalf of Ghislaine Maxwell 2011 
Ghislaine Maxwell denies the various allegations about her that have appeared 
recently in the media. These allegations are all entirely false. 
It is unacceptable that letters sent by Ms Maxwell's legal representatives to certain 
newspapers pointing out the truth and asking for the allegations to be withdrawn 
have simply been ignored. 
In the circumstances, Ms Maxwell is now proceeding to take legal action against 
those newspapers. 
"I understand newspapers need stories to sell copies. It is well known that certain 
newspapers live by the adage, "why let the truth get in the way of a good story". 
However, the allegations made against me are abhorrent and entirely untrue and I 
ask that they stop", said Ghislaine Maxwell. 
"A number of newspapers have shown a complete lack of accuracy in their reporting 
of this story and a failure to carry out the most elementary investigation or any real 
due diligence. I am now taking action to clear my name", she said. 
Media contact: Ross Gow 
Tel: 
Email: 
EFTA00587662

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587663.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587663.pdf
----------------------------------------
Duane Zachman 
Bullard Rd Moriarty, NM 87035 (505) 463-2060 
Experience 
• 
Mechanical and electrical tradesman with 25 years experience in the installation, service. repair, and replacement of 
HVAC equipment, HVAC controls, electrical, plumbing. and gas in the commercial and residential industry. 
• 
Additional experience with project management. project estimating. material procurement, and field supervision of 
employees. 
• 
Experience with boats and small equipment such as forklifts. small cranes, skid steer, small back hoes, and trenching 
machines. 
• 
Additional 6 years military experience 
Work History 
Independent contractor for Trane Commercial Air Conditioning 
June 2007 - Present 
DBA: Horizon Mechanical Systems LUC 
GM Mechanical Inc. (Industrial and Commercial HVAC Contractor) 
May 2004 - July 2006 
Mechanical Foreman 
Chant Associates (Developer and Property Management Company) 
September 1995 - June 2003 
Mechanical Foreman 
Davis the Plumber 
November 1992 - September 1995 
Field Technician 
USMC 
November 1986 - November 1992 
Refrigeration Mechanic 
List of Projects and Facilities 
• 
America On Line call center 
• 
T Mobile call center 
• 
Clear channel radio 
• 
Ncw Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology 
• 
Highlands University 
• 
City of Albuquerque 
• 
City of Santa Fe 
• 
Los Alamos 
• 
Ncw Mexico Department of Corrections 
• 
State of New Mexico 
• 
Lovelace Hospital 
• 
Alta Vista Hospital 
• 
Additional projects can be provided 
Licenses and Certifications 
• 
EE98 New Mexico Electrical Contractors License 
• 
MM98 New Mexico Mechanical Contractors License 
• 
JPG 
New Mexico Journeyman Plumber and Gasfiuer License 
• 
BO2 
New Mexico Boiler Operators License 
• 
EPA Refrigeration Certification 
• 
Osha 10 Certification 
EFTA00587663

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587664.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587664.pdf
----------------------------------------
mind 
EDUCATION AND RESEARCH 
IN NEUROSCIENCE AND MEDICINE 
International Conference 
FROM KNOW TO NEW: 
CREATIVITY AND INNOVATION IN NEUROSCIENCE 
La Habana (Cuba), 6 - 8 Novembre 2017 
Co-Chairs: 
Prof. Peter Valdis-Sosa (La Habana, Cuba) 
Prof. Giuseppe Bersani (Rome, Italy) 
Guest Chairs: 
Prof. Gino Yu (Hong Kong, China) 
(Prof. Ornella Coruna (Hertfordshire, UK)) 
Background 
Third edition of biannual NEUPSYCO Congress. 
The Neupsyco Congresses organized by the Cuban Neuroscience Center, the Cuban Society of 
Psychaitry and the Association MIND - Education and Research in Neuroscience and 
Medicine in conjunction with the Sapienza University in Rome and the Italian Society of 
Psychiatry, was established in 2013 and has run two editions in 2013 and 2014. The event 
brings together delegates from worldwide to promote advanced and high level scientific 
exchange, with the objective of creating a biannual international meeting of clinicians and 
researchers in all fields of Neurosciences. 
Previous editions focused on relationship of Neuroscience and Psychiatry, as science of 
Human Behavior and related mental disorders. 
The scientific sessions and exhibition areas provide suitable sites for the discussion of issues 
related to the scientific program, cooperation projects, and commercial developments, with 
the participation of clinicians, professors, researchers, health professionals and entrepreneurs 
from Northern and Latin America, Asia and Europe. 
MIND - Education and Research in Neuroscience and Medicine • Via di Torte Argentina 21, Roma 
Web: 
• Segreteria organizzativa 
EFTA00587664
--- PAGE 2 ---
mind 
EDUCATION AND RESEARCH 
IN NEUROSCIENCE AND MEDICINE 
Prof. Peter Valdis-Sosa, from Cuba Neuroscience Center, and Prof. Giusepppe Bersani, from 
the Sapienza University of Rome, co-chaired the first two editions of the Neupsyco Congress. 
For the 2017 edition, Prof. Gino Yu, from Polytechnic University of Hong Kong, was invited 
to get involved with the event. Prof. Yu has hosted the Toward a Science of Consciousenss 
Conference in 2009 and will host the new version, The Science of Consciousness, also in 2017. 
He also founded and ran the Asia Consciousenss Festival (htt ://im rint.co.uktpdf/Gino.pdf) 
and is a pioneer of the TranTech movement 
Combined with other gatherings in Europe and Asia, Neupsyco provides an excellent 
platform for developing a community of international researchers focused upon 
understanding the relationship between mind and body. 
It was decided that the event would take a unique approach to mind-body understanding and 
also leverage the unique opportunities in the host country of Cuba by focusing on creativity 
and innovation rather than only on brain and mental disorders. Hence, the title "From 
Known to New." The event can serve accelerate the creative and innovation industries by 
applying a science-based methodology for investigation and inquiry into creative processes 
and innovation. Such a program would stimulate new lines of inquiry and promoting cross-
disciplinary collaboration. The event would also serve as a catalyst for the development and 
commercialization of new products and services arising from these collaborations. 
Organized by: 
Center of Neuroscience of Cuba. 
Sapienza University of Rome. 
Polytechnic University of Hong Kong 
Mind - Education and Research in Neuroscience and Medicine (Rome). 
Solymed Congressi (La Habana / Rome). 
MIND - Education and Research in Neuroscience and Medicine - Via di Torte Argentina 21, Roma 
Web: 
Segretena organizzativa : 
EFTA00587665
--- PAGE 3 ---
mind 
EDUCATION AND RESEARCH 
IN NEUROSCIENCE AND MEDICINE 
Co-chaired by: 
Prof. Peter Valdes-Sosa 
Center of Neuroscience of Cuba 
Prof. Giuseppe Bersani 
Sapienza University of Rome 
Guest Chair: 
Prof. Gino Yu 
Polytechnic University of Hong Kong 
Main topics (preliminary list): 
Innovative neurotechnologies applicated to human health and wellbeing and mental health. 
Psychophysiology assessment and interventions in body-mind connection and consciousness states. 
The role of creativity in intersubjectivity and transformation. 
Creativity and self-development in neuroscience. 
Psycho-Neurophysiology research in normal brain and mental disorders. 
Neurotechnology advancements in the frontier of neuroscience and mental disorders: clinical 
research and application. 
New tools of cognitive assessment and remediation in healthy people and psychiatric patients. 
Neurostimulation techniques and treatments. 
Structural and functional neuroimaging. 
Advancements in basic and clinical neuropsychopharmacology: relationship to neurotechnology 
and innovation frontiers. 
Brain changes over lifetime substance abuse: assessment and treatment perspectives. 
Clinical fallout of neuroscience advancements in Neurology and Psychiatry. 
Innovative neurotechnologies in neurosurgery and Pain. 
MIND - Education and Research in Neuroscience and Medicine - Via di Torre Argentina 21, Roma 
Web: 
• Segreteria organizzativa : 
EFTA00587666
--- PAGE 4 ---
mind 
EDUCATION AND RESEARCH 
IN NEUROSCIENCE AND MEDICINE 
Informatics in neuroscience. 
Telemedicine in neuroscience. 
Ethical and legal issues in neuroscience. 
(Other technological and clinical topics can be proposed by participants and considered by the 
scientific committee). 
Speakers and attendees (expected) 
Very high scientific level speakers. 
Large number of Cuban experts in psychophysiology, neurophysiology, neurotechnology 
development. 
Large number of Cuban clinicians and researchers in Neurology and Psychiatry. 
Research and clinical university speakers and participants from Italy and other European countries. 
Speakers from US and Canada. 
Participants from Latino-American countries. 
Speakers from Asian countries. 
Growing number of US participants. 
Representatives of Cuban government and health institutions. 
Representatives of sponsor companies. 
MIND - Education and Research in Neuroscience and Medicine - Via di Torre Argentina 21, Roma 
Web: 
- Segreteria organizzativa 
EFTA00587667
--- PAGE 5 ---
mind 
EDUCATION AND RESEARCH 
IN NEUROSCIENCE AND MEDICINE 
Preliminary list of Speakers (Invited / expected) 
Prof. Mitchell Valdes-Sosa 
Center of Neuroscience, La Habana, Cuba, Director 
Prof. Peter Valdes-Sosa 
Center of Neuroscience, La Habana, Cuba, Vice-Director 
Prof. Giuseppe Bersani 
Sapienza University of Rome, Italy 
Prof. Gino Yu 
Polytechnic University of Hong Kong, China 
Prof. Omella Corazza 
University of Hertfordshire, UK 
Dr Andres Roman, 
Cambridge University, UK 
Prof. David Benjamin 
Boston, US 
Prof. Stefano Ferracuti 
Sapienza University of Rome, Italy 
MIND - Education and Research in Neuroscience and Medicine • Via di Torre Argentina 21, Roma 
Web: 
• Segreteria organizzativa 
EFTA00587668
--- PAGE 6 ---
mind 
EDUCATION AND RESEARCH 
IN NEUROSCIENCE AND MEDICINE 
Prof. Raffaella Rinaldi 
Sapienza University of Rome, Italy 
Prof. Angela lannitelli 
Sapienza University of Rome, Italy 
Prof. Donatella Marazziti 
University of Pisa, Italy 
Prof. Andrea De Bartolomeis 
University of Naples, Italy 
Prof. Alessandro Cesaroni 
Osp. S. Giovanni, Rome, Italy 
Prof. Antonio Caballero 
Psychiatric Hospital, Director, La Habana, Cuba, 
Prof. Beatrix Marcheco Teruel 
Inst. of Genetics, La Habana, Cuba 
Prof. Domingo Perez 
Osp. Ameijeiras, La Habana, Cuba 
Prof. Rene Zamora-Marin 
Osp. Ameijeiras, La Habana, Cuba 
Web:
• 
MIND - Education and Research in Neuroscience and Medicine - Via di Torre Argentina 21, Roma 
Segreteria organizzativa : 
EFTA00587669
--- PAGE 7 ---
mind 
EDUCATION AND RESEARCH 
IN NEUROSCIENCE AND MEDICINE 
Dr. Carmen Borrego 
Ministry of Health, Director for Psychiatry, Cuba 
Dott. Marisa Leyva Serrano 
Ministry of Health, Director for Rehabilitation, Cuba 
Dott. Enrico Fars 
It. Society for Telemedicine, Rome, Italy 
Structure 
Three days conference. 
Plenary sessions. 
Parallel symposia. 
Sponsored symposia. 
Brief oral presentation sessions. 
Workshops. 
Poster sessions. 
Videoregistration of main lectures and following online availability. 
Calendar : 
Day 1: Morning opening session, plenary session, sponsor symposium, parallel symposia. 
Day 2: Morning and afternoon plenary session and parallel symposia. 
Day 3: Morning plenary session and closing ceremony. 
MIND - Education and Research in Neuroscience and Medicine - Via di Torre Argentina 21, Roma 
Web: 
Segreteda organizzativa : 
EFTA00587670
--- PAGE 8 ---
mind 
EDUCATION AND RESEARCH 
IN NEUROSCIENCE AND MEDICINE 
Aims and expectations 
The very successful previous editions predict a growing interest from Cuban and worldwide experts 
in this advanced edition focused on creativity and innovation contribution to mind-body connection 
and to normal and abnormal human behaviour. 
The new marketing situation and perspectives in Cuba and the general interest in the event, as well 
as the following on line diffusion, make the Conference an ideal situation for a scientific, clinical 
and commercial meeting of experiences and interests. 
MIND - Education and Research in Neuroscience and Medicine - Via di Torre Argentina 21, Roma 
Web: 
Segreteria organizzativa : 
EFTA00587671

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587672.pdf
----------------------------------------
Richard, 
AAC-Air Ambulance Caribbean, Inc. 
June 18, 2013 
As a follow up to our conference yesterday, there were a couple of things that I would like to address. 
Firstly, the 'draft' of the 'We Are Here For Life' Membership Program now has language that specifies 
"coverage will begin 14 days after AAC receives the application and payment". The 'draft' of the 
membership contract is currently in the final review process by our Leadership Team before going to 
legal counsel for a final review. 
You had also inquired about any restrictions for repayment regarding the disbursement schedule from 
our Investor. The repayment, as agreed upon by our Investor, will be made to directly to the Bridge 
Loan Lender at the time of AAC's disbursement(s). As I had previously indicated, our Investor has 
issued a Commitment Letter dated today, June 18, 2013 stating that the first disbursement would be 
within thirty (30) banking days for which it does states: 
Please be advised that Alliance Life Sciences Fund, Inc. is in the final stages of providing financing for 
AAC-Air Ambulance Caribbean, Inc. in the amount of Ten Million United States Dollars ($10,000,000.00 
USD). We have executed the Term Sheet, successfully completed the Due Diligence process and have Closing 
Documents currently under final review. Please note that we anticipate the closing and the issuance of the 
first disbursement to AAC-Air Ambulance Caribbean, Inc. to occur within the next Thirty, (30) Banking Days. 
Please further be advised that a total of <bridge loan amount plus ROI> has been approved to be 
disbursed from the initial loan proceeds to <designee> on behalf of AAC-Air Ambulance Caribbean, Inc. 
They have agreed to insert the "bridge loan amount plus ROI" and the "designee" per the terms and 
conditions of a Bridge Loan Agreement and Promissory Note executed between AAC-Air Ambulance 
Caribbean, Inc. and the Bridge Loan Lender. Both the signed Commitment Letter from our Investor 
and the aforementioned Bridge Loan Agreement and Promissory Note will be furnished to provide both 
risk mitigation and a guaranteed of method of payment. 
In our conference call, we presented two options for a short-term bridge-loan amounts as well as the 
possibility to visit with Mr. Epstein to discuss replacing our committed Investor because of the delays 
imposed upon us that have put our project in quite a precarious situation. I would like to present a 
lucrative ROI for the first two options for a short term bridge loan with a fixed rate of 10% of the 
Principal Amount of the Loan as a retum on investment (ROI). 
BRIDGE LOAN AMOUNT: 
$2,500,000.000 (USD) 
Return on Investment (ROI): 
$250,000.000 (USD) 
For the short-term bridge loan, in the amount of $2,500,000.00 (USD), AAC is offering the principal of 
$2,500,000.00 (USD) and a return on investment ("ROI") of a fixed amount of 10% of the principal, 
namely $250,000.00 (USD), that the will be paid to the Bridge Loan Lender within ten (10) banking days 
of the first (of four) disbursements from the Investor, Alliance Life Sciences Fund, Inc., a subsidiary of 
Alliance Warburg Capital Management, Inc. -or- within 12 months from the execution of the Bridge 
Loan Agreement and Promissory Note. 
CYRIL E. KING AIRPORT - NORM SIDE, P.O. BON 890, ST. THOMAS, VIRGIN ISLANDS, (U.S.) 00804 
PH: (340)642-4H8 / FAX: (340)777-5266 
EFTA00587672
--- PAGE 2 ---
BRIDGE LOAN AMOUNT: 
AAC-Air Ambulance Caribbean, Inc. 
$4,500,000.000 (USD) 
Return on Investment (ROI): 
$450,000.000 (USD) 
For the short-term bridge loan, in the amount of $4,500,000.00 (USD), AAC is offering the principal of 
$4,500,000.00 (USD) and a return on investment (ROI-) of a fixed amount of 10% of the principal, 
namely $450,000.00 (USD) that the will be paid over the first two (of four) disbursements according to 
the schedule listed below: 
FIRST DISBURSEMENT: 
The amount of $3,500,000.00 (USD) will be disbursed to the Bridge Loan Lender within ten (10) 
banking days of the first (of four) disbursements from the Investor, Alliance Life Sciences Fund, Inc., a 
subsidiary of Alliance Warburg Capital Management, Inc. 
SECOND DISBURSEMENT: 
The amount of $1,4500,000.00 (USD) will be disbursed to the Bridge Loan Lender within ten (10) 
banking days of the second (of four) disbursements from the Investor, Alliance Life Sciences Fund, Inc., 
a subsidiary of Alliance Warburg Capital Management, Inc. -or- within 12 months from the execution of 
the Bridge Loan Agreement and Promissory Note. 
We feel this would be a lucrative ROI for Mr. Epstein as AAC's Bridge Loan Lender, which will enable 
AAC to execute our business plan and begin flying patients within 45-60 days from the capital infusion 
from the bridge loan. If Mr. Epstein would like to discuss alternative terms and conditions, we will 
certainly be amenable to understand such term and conditions that would facilitate a bridge loan 
agreement to support what is going to be an incredible company in AAC-Air Ambulance Caribbean, Inc. 
Lastly, we expressed our frustration with several delays that our committed Investor has imposed upon 
us, and although they remain 100% committed to funding AAC, the delays are causing tremendous 
strain. We would welcome the potential for Mr. Epstein to fund the entire project in order to bring AAC's 
incredible business model to life in a timely manner so that we can realize our Mission and Vision. 
I apologize for the length of this correspondence, but I do appreciate your time and expressed interest 
in AAC / Flight 4 Life! 
Please email and/or call with any questions or inquiries. 
Best regards, 
—21....wila.-....„. 
Monahan 
AAC-AIR AMBULANCE CARIBBEAN, INC. 
President / Chief Executive Officer 
CYRIL E. KING AIRPORT - NORM SIDE, P.O. BOX 890, ST. THOMAS, VIRGIN ISLANDS. (U.S.) 00804 
PH: (340)642-4118 / FAX: (340)777-5266 
EFTA00587673

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587674.pdf
----------------------------------------
AGENDA 
Date: 
May 23, 2013 
Re: 
Meeting with Eileen, Jeffrey and Ada 
I. 
2006 Trust Restructuring 
A. 
Tinting. 
Consider whether we hold off on signing until details are complete for the Phase 
II substitution of assets. 
1. 
Avoid a lag period when LDB is not entitled to income—not record owner 
on dividend date because Substitution not complete. 
2. 
Consider making post September 30th distributions of TAI from the 
Relevant Companies only and noting this on the R&I agreement. 
B. 
Structure of Phase II: 
Discuss structure of the asset substitution: 
1. 
Is LDB swapping a promissory note into the 2006 Trust or cash borrowed 
from a bank (or a combination)? Explore financing opportunities with 
JPM, Deutsche bank and Morgan Stanley? 
2. 
What are the interest rate to be charged and the repayment terms? 
3. 
What collateral is to be used (if any) to secure the note? 
4. 
Determine how LDB will service the debt obligation 
C. 
Review by Jib Black. 
Consider timing of getting him involved. 
D. 
Unwinding Phase II: 
Discuss plan to pay off note between LDB and a grantor trust during his lifetime. 
Downside of not doing so: 
1. 
Possible capital gain to the 2006 Trust of either the full amount of the note 
or the outstanding balance on Leon's death. 
EFTA00587674
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
2. 
Gift tax risk-such a large outstanding note would be an audit red flag 
a. 
Even a 5% undervaluation on a $2 bil asset substitution would be a 
taxable gift of $100 million (or a $40 MM gift tax). 
b. 
Can't file a gift tax return to report the swap and get the SOL 
running as this is also a red flag. 
E. 
Phase III: 
Discuss structure of BFP and possible restructuring of it. 
Make list for Wendy Duhlman of open questions. 
II. 
New Wills and Clean-up 
This is a separate Agenda/meeting. 
III. 
Cash Flow. 
A. 
Immediate Cash Needs. 
I. 
Raphael (1997 Trust to own?) 
2. 
Meadow Lane (Also 1997 Trust?) 
3. 
Phaidon cash infusion? 
B. 
Proposals: 
1. 
Loans from BFP to the 1997 Trust. 
2. 
Pro-rata distribution from BFP to all limited partners. 
3. 
A distribution from the 2006 Trust to the 1997 Trust (need 30 day notice 
to the beneficiaries). 
4. 
BFP redeems the interests of the 1997 Trust for cash (need appraisal). 
IV. 
Family Office 
A. 
Legal Structure. Use AG for this or Withers? 
B. 
Staffing. Prepare proposal for Leon as to our requirements. 
C. 
Office Space & Infra-structure (tech and phones, etc.). Consider spaces with 5 
offices? 
EFTA00587675
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
D. 
Checking Account/Expenses. 
E. 
Health Insurance and Qualified Plans. 
V. 
Phaidon 
A. 
Legal Stricture. Discuss U.S. headquarters. 
B. 
Staffing. Discuss CEO search. 
C. 
Cash Requirements. Discuss going concern letter. 
EFTA00587676

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587677.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587677.pdf
----------------------------------------
Zorro HVAC Mechanical Inspection 
August 22 -24, 2012 
On Wednesday, August 22, 2012 I arrived at Zorro Ranch to inspect the condition of the 
HVAC system to review preventative maintenance and repairs made by JB Henderson 
and to evaluate the BMS filet 2000 control system. The following is a list of systems and 
equipment that were checked and recommendations for upgrades. 
I. Marley Cooling Tower: Found corrosion on air intake metal enclosures, water 
sump and sump housing with elevated levels of corrosion all surfaces need to be 
re coated, the fill membrane which is the original to the towers installation needs 
to be replaced due to excessive mineral deposits. The tower spray header and 
spray nozzle should be repaired to assure proper water flow on fill membrane. I 
will contact JB Henderson to provide a proposal for this work. 
2. Pool Pack Unit: The pool pack unit form the original installation was undersized 
for the pool room area, due to electrical restrictions this unit was the largest single 
phased unit available at the time. This unit has had to overwork to keep the 
humidity in the pool area in range due to insufficient air flow from the unit to the 
overhead air grills and floor air diffusers. The way pool pack is designed to work 
it washes two of the largest wall spaces on both sides of the pool with a curtain of 
dry dehumidified air and also pool water is piped into the unit for heat removal 
and to help preheat the pool water. The pool water was never piped and 
connected to the pool pack unit. In the past few months the pool pack has 
experienced many mechanical and electrical problems due to many power dips, 
power outages, and the inadequate original design. Manolito and Wendy have 
had JB Henderson replace the system compressor, main electrical circuits, and 
refrigeration expansion valves to keep the current unit operational. On my visit I 
have found additional operational issues with the pool pack — no discharge air 
from the unit is entering above the pool area. A very poor flow of air is coming 
out of the floor grills below the french doors, I found a very poor suction pressure 
on the return air side of the unit which I removed the air filters to increase the air 
flow across the unit until we find a more suitable filter material. The reheat coil 
which is on the discharge side of the unit which has very limited access and is 
very dirty and clogged this is restricting the air flow into the pool room, no 
exhaust air duct or exhaust cycle was ever installed to the unit to help provide 
with air changes to the room. So after all the money spent this year just to keep 
the undersized pool pack in operation and all of the additional work that still 
needs to be addressed, I feel this unit will never do the proper job of keeping the 
pool room properly dry when the Jacuzzi spa is in operation. When the spa is not 
running the unit just gets by. I recommend JB Henderson propose a new larger 
unit that is now available and address the air flow issues in the pool room area. I 
will have them provide a proposal for the unit replacement. 
3. HVAC Building Management Control System (Inet 2000) — This control 
system has been very dependable and has operated since the house opened under 
very harsh conditions with power outages, power dips, and electrical storms. In 
the past 12 years we have only done one upgrade to the system software. Before 
EFTA00587677
--- PAGE 2 ---
and during Mr. Epstein's last visit to the ranch we have had two main control 
panels fail and need replacement. This has also caused various programming 
issues that have thrown the room set points and heat pump operational parameters 
out of range which is causing the overall house to feel unbalanced in all rooms. 
The current systems technology is 12 years old, back in May I provided a 
proposal to upgrade the entire control system. This new system will give the 
property betterprotection with critical alarm with dial out features to ranch 
personnel, 
and myself when critical equipment fails. I recommend 
the proposed upgrade to the control system that was sent out to ECI on May 18th, 
2012 for the replacement of the existing Inet 2000 with the new Delta control 
system for $48,730.56. This upgrade is very important to the remote operation of 
the property from New York and LSJ. I will go back to providing daily offsite 
monitoring to Zorro Ranch from New York to assure the system is operating 
properly. 
4. Heat Pump Units with Reheat System: All units have been operating since 
house has opened and they all have been properly maintained. We will start 
seeing compressor and electrical problems due to many years of power outages 
and dips. We will address these problems as they occur. 
5. Main Electrical Distribution and Motor Control Panels: After years of power 
outages, power dips and electrical storms I recommend to have a qualified 
electrician come in and do preventative maintenance on all main panels, tighten 
all connections and do an infrared test. I will have JB Henderson provide a 
proposal for this work. 
6. Main HVAC Pump Room: This pump room provides water for cooling and 
heating to heat pumps and reheats hot water to all room zones. The main control 
panel for the operation of all the pumps needs service. All relays hand off auto 
and computer interface relays need to be checked for operational issues. I will 
have JB Henderson provide a proposal for this work. 
7. Fire Safety System: All smoke detectors need to be tested and cleaned by a 
proper fire system company. I will try to schedule with 
for my nest 
visit to Zorro in October. 
8. Preventative Maintenance Contract: As you are aware JB Henderson is a 
mechanical contractor looking over the needs of the ranch mechanical systems. I 
sat in on a meeting with them on Thursday, August 23nd, 2012. This company is 
one of the better mechanical and construction contractors in New Mexico. I feel 
due toBrice Gordon nor I being on the property on a daily basis we need to rely 
on JB Henderson for preventative maintenance and emergency repairs. To keep 
in good standings with this company all outstanding invoices need to be 
addressed. 
EFTA00587678

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587679.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587679.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
April 
2013 
Leon Black 
Apollo Management 
West 57th Street, 43rd Floor 
New York, NY 10019 
Re: Financial Estate Planning and Structuring Services 
Dear Leon: 
The undersigned, Jeffrey Epstein ("Mr. Epstein"), on behalf of Southern Trust Company, Inc., 
a Virgin Islands corporation ("STC"), has been collaborating with you, Leon Black ("Mr. Black"), 
regarding estate planning structuring matters in respect of Mr. Black's assets and estate (the "Estate 
Planning") and in connection therewith has provided and will provide proprietary services to Mr. 
Black including analyzing, evaluating, and structuring services relating to Mr. Black's financial 
estate ("Proprietary Services"). The purpose of this letter agreement (this "Agreement") is to set forth 
the terms upon which Mr. Epstein, on behalf of STC, will continue to provide Proprietary Services in 
connection with the Estate Planning to and for the benefit of Mr. Black. The Proprietary Services 
provided to Mr. Black hereunder may also relate to his wife, Mrs. Debra Black, and their children, as 
well as the respective heirs, issue, personal representatives, and affiliated trusts, partnerships, limited 
partnerships, and limited liability companies of, and any other entities affiliated with, any of Mr. 
Black, Mrs. Black or any of their children (collectively, "Affiliates"). This letter supersedes and 
terminates all prior letters, agreements and understandings, whether written or verbal, with respect to 
the subject matter hereof. 
1. 
SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED. Mr. Epstein, on behalf of STC, shall provide to 
Mr. Black Proprietary Services deemed appropriate by Epstein and Mr. Black in connection with the 
Estate Planning for an initial four-year term, which term commenced on January 1, 2013 and shall 
continue through and including December 31, 2016. 
2. 
ANNUAL FEES AND ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATION. 
(a) 
Annual Fee. In consideration for providing the Proprietary Services, Mr. 
Black shall pay to STC an annual fee for each of the four years of the initial four- year term of this 
Agreement (the "Annual Fee"). The Annual Fee for the first year of the term (2013) shall be 
 The Annual Fee for each of the second, third and fourth years of the 
term (2014, 2015 and 2016) shall be an amount equal to 
the Black Family Net Worth 
(as hereinafter defined), calculated as of January 1 of such year (the "Annual Fee"). For purposes 
hereof, the "Black Family Net Worth" shall be defined and calculated as it has been previously in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Schedule "A" attached hereto and incorporated by reference 
as if fully set forth herein. 
(b) 
Determination of Black Family Net Worth. The Black Family Net Worth 
EFTA00587679
--- PAGE 2 ---
shall be calculated in good faith by Mr. Black's certified public accountants (currently Mr. Thomas 
Turrin of Raich Ende Malter &Co. LLP) as of January 1 of each of the second, third and fourth years 
of the initial four-year term of this Agreement by no later than February 1 of such year. 
(c) 
Payment of Annual Fee. 
(i) 
The parties acknowledge and agree that Mr. Black has already paid 
STC a total of 
towards the Annual Fee payable with respect to the first 
year of the initial four-year term (2013). 
Mr. Black shall pay STC an additional 
towards the Annual Fee for the first year of the term upon execution of this 
Agreement and shall pay the remaining 
of the Annual Fee for the first year of 
the term on October 15, 2013. 
(ii) 
Mr. Black shall pay STC the Annual Fee for each of the second, third 
and fourth years of the initial four-year term of this Agreement in two equal installments, which shall 
be due and payable on February 15 and October 15 of such year. 
(d) 
Additional Consideration. In addition to the Annual Fees due and payable 
hereunder, Mr. Black shall pay STC additional consideration as hereinafter provided (the "Additional 
Consideration"): 
(i) 
Beginning in October 2016, and by no later than December 31, 2016, 
Mr. Epstein and Mr. Black will jointly review and evaluate the Proprietary Services provided under 
this Agreement in 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016 to determine the amounts and types of the benefits 
conferred upon Mr. Black and his Affiliates and their respective financial estates as a result of the 
Proprietary Services. In connection therewith, Mr. Epstein and Mr. Black will act reasonably and in 
good faith to determine (A) the aggregate amount of all obligations and payments that would othenvise 
have been payable by Mr. Black or any Affiliates, but were eliminated as a result of the Proprietary 
Services ("Savings"), and (B) the aggregate amount of all obligations and payments that would 
otherwise have been payable by Mr. Black or any Affiliates, but were deferred as a result of the 
Proprietary Services ("Deferrals"). Mr. Black and STC shall execute a joint statement setting forth the 
total amount of Savings and the total amount of Deferrals by no later than December 31, 2016. 
(ii) 
Mr. Black shall pay STC total Additional Consideration equal to the 
sum of (A) 
of all of the Savings achieved, plus (B) 
of all 
of the Deferrals achieved, less the aggregate of all Annual Fee payments theretofore made by Mr. 
Black to STC. 
(iii) 
Mr. Black shall pay STC the total Additional Consideration in eight 
equal installments on February 15 and October 15 in each of the years 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020. 
(e) 
Mr. Black's Death. In the event of Mr. Black's death, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
No further Annual Fee payments shall be due and payable under this 
Agreement other than any Annual Fee payments which had become due and payable prior to Mr. 
Black's death, and Mr. Epstein and STC shall have no further obligation to provide any Proprietary 
Services. 
(ii) 
In the event of Mr. Black's death at any time prior to December 31, 
EFTA00587680
--- PAGE 3 ---
2016, Mr. Epstein and the personal representatives of Mr. Black's estate shall promptly (but in no 
event later than sixty (60) days after Mr. Black's death), reasonably and in good faith determine the 
amount of all Savings and Deferrals achieved as a result of the Proprietary Services through the date of 
Mr. Black's death, and the Additional Consideration shall be equal to the sum of (A) 
of all 
of the Savings achieved as a result of the Proprietary Services through the date of Mr. Black's death, 
plus (B) 
of all of the Deferrals achieved as a result of the Proprietary Services through the 
date of Mr. Black's death, less the aggregate of all Annual Fee payments theretofore made by Mr. 
Black to STC. 
(iii) 
The Additional Consideration shall be due and payable by Mr. Black's 
estate to STC in full within seventy-five days after Mr. Black's death. 
Mr. Epstein's Death or Conviction. 
Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in this Agreement, the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
At his election, during the initial four-year term of this Agreement, Mr. 
Black may obtain and maintain a term life insurance policy on Mr. Epstein's life in the amount of 
 under which Mr. Black is the beneficiary thereof and may deduct from any 
payments of the Annual Fee hereunder the cost incurred by Mr. Black to pay the premiums for such 
life insurance. Mr. Epstein will reasonably cooperate with Mr. Black's efforts to obtain such life 
insurance, including, without limitation, by providing necessary medical and personal information to 
the insurer and submitting to medical tests and examinations required by the insurer. All such medical 
information and personal information provided and the results of all such tests and examinations shall 
be kept strictly confidential. 
(ii) 
In the event of Mr. Epstein's death, no further Annual Fee payments 
shall be required to be made by Mr. Black hereunder, and STC shall no longer be obligated to provide 
any further Proprietary Services; provided, however, that promptly following Mr. Epstein's death (but 
in no event later than sixty (60) days after Mr. Epstein's death), the personal representatives of Mr. 
Epstein's estate and Mr. Black shall reasonably and in good faith determine the amount of all Savings 
and Deferrals achieved as a result of the Proprietary Services through the date of Mr. Epstein's death, 
and the Additional Consideration shall be equal to the sum of (A) 
of all of the Savings 
achieved as a result of the Proprietary Services through the date of Mr. Epstein's death, plus (B) 
of all of the Deferrals achieved as a result of the Proprietary Services through the date of 
Mr. Epstein's death, less the aggregate of all Annual Fee payments theretofore made by Mr. Black to 
STC. Any Additional Consideration determined to be payable shall be due and payable to STC when 
and as provided in Section 2(d)(iii) hereof. 
(iii) 
In the event of Mr. Epstein's conviction for a felony offense after the 
execution of this Agreement, this Agreement and all agreements executed pursuant to Section 2(h) 
hereof shall be terminated and no party hereto shall have any further obligation hereunder or 
thereunder. 
(g) 
Payment by Wire Transfer. All payments of Annual Fees and Additional 
Consideration shall be made by wire transfer to STC's account in accordance with wire transfer 
instructions provided by Mr. Epstein to Mr. Black. 
(h) 
Security for Obligations. Mr. Black's obligations under this Agreement, 
including, without limitation, his obligations to make Annual Fee payments and Additional 
EFTA00587681
--- PAGE 4 ---
Consideration payments hereunder and including the obligations that arise hereunder after Mr. Black's 
death, shall be secured by the grant to STC of a first priority, perfected security interest in, and lien on, 
certain assets of Mr. Black and/or Affiliates to be agreed upon in good faith between Mr. Epstein and 
Mr. Black promptly after the execution of this Agreement (the "Collateral"). As soon as is reasonably 
practicable after Mr. Epstein and Mr. Black reach an agreement as to the Collateral to secure Mr. 
Black's obligations hereunder, Mr. Black (and any other necessary parties thereto affiliated with Mr. 
Black) and STC shall execute mutually acceptable security agreements, financing statements and other 
documents, and take all such further actions (including, without limitation, filing necessary 
instruments in all public offices where recording is reasonably deemed by STC to be necessary) as 
STC may reasonably determine is necessary or appropriate to effectuate and perfect the grant to 
STC of a first priority, perfected security interest in, and lien on, the Collateral. 
3. 
CONFIDENTIALITY OF MR. BLACK'S INFORMATION. 
Mr. Epstein and 
STC (for purposes of this Section 3 and Sections 4, 5, and 6 hereof, the terms "Mr. Epstein" and 
"STC" being deemed to include all employees, representatives, agents, and entities affiliated with Mr. 
Epstein and/or STC) agree that any and all information concerning Mr. Black or any Affiliates 
obtained in performing the Proprietary Services will be held in strictest confidence and will not be 
used by Mr. Epstein or STC or disclosed to any person or entity, except in the course of performing the 
Proprietary Services in furtherance of the Estate Planning. Mr. Epstein and STC further agree that 
they have been retained to assist Mr. Black's lawyers, Paul, Weiss, Rificind, Wharton & Garrison LLP 
("Paul, Weiss") and McDermott, Will, & Emery ("McDermott"), in providing legal advice to Mr. 
Black in connection with the Estate Planning. It is Mr. Black's intention and position that any work 
performed by Mr. Epstein or STC in connection with the Proprietary Services will be covered by all 
applicable evidentiary privileges, including but not limited to the attorney-client privilege and work 
product privileges. In connection with this retention, all communications between Mr. Epstein or STC, 
on the one hand, and any lawyer from Paul, Weiss or McDermott or Mr. Black, on the other hand, 
regarding the Estate Planning shall be regarded as confidential and made solely for the purpose of 
assisting Paul, Weiss and McDermott in giving legal advice to Mr. Black. In order for Mr. Epstein and 
STC to carry out their responsibilities, it may be necessary for Paul, Weiss, McDermott or Mr. Black 
to disclose to Mr. Epstein and STC privileged information and lawyers' work product, and other 
confidential information regarding Mr. Black and his Affiliates. Mr. Epstein and STC agree that, 
except as authorized by Paul, Weiss, McDermott or Mr. Black during and after the period of this 
retention, neither Mr. Epstein nor STC will disclose to any person or entity any such privileged or 
confidential information, lawyers' work product, opinions, facts, data or other confidential information 
so disclosed to Mr. Epstein or STC in connection with the Estate Planning. 
4. 
DISCLAIMER 
OF 
REPRESENTATIONS, 
WARRANTIES 
AND 
GUARANTEES. 
Mr. Black, for and on behalf of himself, and for and on behalf of his Affiliates, 
hereby acknowledges and agrees as follows: 
(a) 
Neither Mr. Epstein nor STC has any authority to, nor shall Mr. Epstein or 
STC, bind Mr. Black or any of his Affiliates, in contract or otherwise, or make any decisions or take 
any actions whatsoever on behalf of Mr. Black or any of his Affiliates under this Agreement, and 
neither Mr. Epstein nor STC is serving in any fiduciary capacity whatsoever to, for or on behalf of Mr. 
Black or any of his Affiliates. 
(b) 
The use of any and all information and materials obtained from Mr. Epstein or 
STC in connection with the Proprietary Services (which information and materials are proprietary to 
STC and the use of which is subject to the conditions, restrictions and other provisions set forth in 
EFTA00587682
--- PAGE 5 ---
Section 7 hereof) is at the sole risk of Mr. Black and his Affiliates, and each of Mr. Black and each of 
his Affiliates assumes the full risk and responsibility for any and all actions and decisions taken, or 
omitted to be taken, by or on behalf of Mr. Black or such Affiliates in connection with the Proprietary 
Services and any and all information and materials obtained from Mr. Epstein or STC in connection 
with the Proprietary Services. 
(c) 
The Services are provided without warranty of any kind, and each of Mr. 
Epstein and STC hereby expressly disclaim all representations, warranties, and guarantees with respect 
to the Proprietary Services and all information and materials provided by Mr. Epstein and STC in 
connection therewith, whether express or implied or statutory, including, but not limited to, the implied 
warranties of merchantability, of satisfactory quality, of fitness for a particular purpose and of 
accuracy. 
(d) 
Neither Mr. Epstein nor STC will under any circumstances be liable to Mr. 
Black or any of his Affiliates for any loss that Mr. Black or any of his Affiliates may incur as a result 
of any decisions or actions taken, or omitted to be taken, in connection with the Proprietary Services 
and any and all information or materials obtained in connection with the Proprietary Services, other 
than as a result of Mr. Epstein's or STC's gross negligence, willful misconduct or breach of this 
Agreement. Mr. Black agrees that the amount involved with respect to the Estate Planning, in and of 
itself, does not elevate Mr. Epstein's or STC's standard of care so that any type negligence would 
equate to gross negligence. 
(e) 
In no event shall Mr. Epstein or STC be liable for any injury, or any incidental, 
special, indirect or consequential damages whatsoever, arising out of or related to the Proprietary 
Services or the use or failure to use any information or materials provided in connection with the 
Proprietary Services, however caused, regardless of the theory of liability (contract, tort or otherwise), 
and even if Mr. Epstein or STC has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 
5. 
INDEMNIFICATION. 
(a) 
Indemnity. Mr. Black agrees to indemnify Mr. Epstein and STC and hold Mr. 
Epstein and STC harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, losses, damages, and third 
party costs, fees and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and 
disbursements, but excluding the business and operating expenses incurred by STC in performing the 
Proprietary Services) arising out of, or relating to, or connected with the Proprietary Services (except 
for any claim, liability, loss, damage, cost, fee or expense arising out of, or resulting from, any action 
or failure to act by Mr. Epstein or STC that constitutes fraud, bad faith, gross negligence, or willful 
misconduct on the part of Mr. Epstein or STC). Mr. Black agrees that the amount involved with 
respect to the Estate Planning, in and of itself, does not elevate Mr. Epstein's or STC's standard of care 
so that any type negligence would equate to gross negligence. 
(b) 
Notice of Claim for Indemnity. Mr. Epstein and/or STC, as the case may be, 
shall advise Mr. Black of any such claims, liabilities, losses, damages, costs, fees or expenses promptly 
after receipt of notice thereof, specifying, to the extent known, the facts constituting the basis therefor 
and the amount asserted to be owed with respect to the same; provided, however, that Mr. Epstein's 
and STC's right to indemnification hereunder shall not be limited by their failure to promptly advise 
Mr. Black of any such liability or claim, except to the extent that Mr. Black is materially prejudiced by 
such failure. 
EFTA00587683
--- PAGE 6 ---
(c) 
Coverage of Indemnity. The coverage of the indemnification and hold 
harmless provided for in this Section 5 includes, without limitation, claims, liabilities, losses, damages, 
and third party fees, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements) in 
connection with claims, causes of action or liabilities asserted against Mr. Epstein and/or STC by any 
of Mr. Black and/or any of his Affiliates arising out of, relating to, or connected with, the Proprietary 
Services. 
The indemnification provided in this Section 5 shall survive the death, disability or 
incompetency of Mr. Black and shall be binding upon his estate and his personal representatives. 
(d) 
Defense of Indemnified Claims. Mr. Black (or the personal representatives of 
his estate) may, at his option, assume and take over the control of the defense and settlement of any 
such liability or claim, at his sole cost and expense with counsel of his choice (subject to any 
reasonable objections to such choice of counsel asserted by Mr. Epstein and STC); provided, however, 
that Mr. Black (or the personal representatives of his estate) shall not be entitled to assume or control 
the defense of a liability or claim if the interests of Mr. Epstein and/or STC, on the one hand, and of 
Mr. Black and/or any of his Affiliates, on the other hand, with respect to such liability or claim are in 
conflict with one another and, as a result, one firm or attorney could not represent both the interests of 
Mr. Epstein and/or STC and the interests of Mr. Black and/or such Affiliates, in connection with such 
liability or claim. If Mr. Black (or the personal representatives of his estate) assumes the defense of 
such liability or claim, Mr. Epstein and STC may participate in the settlement or defense thereof, at 
their sole expense through counsel chosen by them. Mr. Black agrees that Mr. Epstein and STC shall 
have the right to be consulted in connection with Mr. Black's (or the personal representatives of his 
estate's) settlement or defense of such liability or claim. In all events, Mr. Black (or the personal 
representatives of his estate) shall control the defense and settlement of such liability or claim. Neither 
Mr. Epstein nor STC may pay, settle or compromise any liability or claim for which either or both of 
them may claim an indemnification right hereunder without Mr. Black's (or the personal 
representatives of his estate's) consent. Each of Mr. Epstein, STC and Mr. Black (or the personal 
representatives of his estate) shall act towards each other in good faith in responding to, defending 
against, settling or otherwise dealing with any such claim or liability, and reasonably cooperate with 
each other in any such defense and give each other reasonable access to all information relevant 
thereto. Any settlement of a claim or liability by Mr. Black (or the personal representatives of his 
estate) for which Mr. Epstein and/or STC have sought indemnification shall contain an unconditional 
release of such claim against Mr. Epstein and STC. 
6. 
NO INVESTMENT ADVICE. 
Mr. Black acknowledges and agrees that in 
connection with the Proprietary Services, neither Mr. Epstein nor STC is acting in any way as an 
"investment advisor" (as such term is defined in and interpreted in accordance with the provisions of 
the Investment Advisors Act of 1940, as amended, the regulations promulgated thereunder, and the 
interpretive releases issued in connection therewith) to Mr. Black or to any of the Affiliates, and 
neither Mr. Epstein nor STC is holding himself or itself out in any way whatsoever as being engaged 
in any business which directly or indirectly provides advice, recommendations, publications, writings, 
reports or analyses regarding any matter or thing which might cause either of them to be deemed an 
"investment advisor" as such term is so defined. Mr. Black further acknowledges and agrees that no 
part of the Proprietary Services constitutes or will constitute any advice, recommendations, 
publications, or writings whatsoever regarding: (a) the value of securities or the advisability of 
investing in, purchasing, or selling securities, (b) the relative advantages or disadvantages of investing 
in securities in general as compared to other investments; (c) any other matters relating to any specific 
securities or securities in general; (d) the selection of investment managers, or investment funds or 
entities; or (e) the allocation of certain percentages of assets to specific classes of securities, 
investment funds, or investment managers; or (f) any other activities or matters similar to those set 
EFTA00587684
--- PAGE 7 ---
forth in clauses (a) through (e) above. 
7. 
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. 
(a) 
Non-Exclusive License. In connection with the provision hereunder of 
Proprietary Services by Mr. Epstein and STC to Mr. Black and his Affiliates, Mr. Black hereby 
acknowledges that he has received and will in the future receive from Mr. Epstein and/or STC certain 
Licensed IP (as hereinafter defined). STC hereby grants to Mr. Black, and Mr. Black hereby accepts 
from STC, a royalty-free, non-exclusive, license to use, in Mr. Black's discretion, in the continental 
United States, all or any portion of the Licensed IP heretofore and hereafter delivered by Mr. Epstein 
and/or STC to Mr. Black for the limited purpose of implementing and applying any Proprietary 
Services solely, but for the purpose for which they were specifically provided by Mr. Epstein and/or 
STC and solely for the benefit of Mr. Black or the specific Affiliates for which the particular 
Proprietary Services were provided (the "Licensed Purpose"), subject to, upon, and in accordance 
with, the provisions of this Agreement (the "License"). Any and all software, copyrights, trademarks, 
trade secrets and other proprietary algorithms, formula, structures, plans, information and materials 
previously or hereafter prepared by, for, on behalf of, at the direction of, or under the supervision of 
Mr. Epstein and/or STC in connection with the provision of the Proprietary Services, shall be referred 
to in this Agreement as "Licensed IP". Without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
Licensed IP shall include, without limitation (i) all technical data or written material in connection 
with the Proprietary Services, including all designs, plans, illustrations, specifications, flow charts, 
diagrams, manuals, memoranda, opinions, documentation, trademarks, trade names, service marks, 
patents and copyrights (if any, whether or not registered); (ii) all know-how or techniques in 
connection with the Proprietary Services; and (iii) all inventions, structures, formula, algorithms, 
discoveries, integrations, object codes, source codes, software and future modifications, enhancements 
or improvements in connection with the Proprietary Services previously or hereafter prepared by, for, 
on behalf of, at the direction of, or under the supervision of, Mr. Epstein and/or STC in connection 
with the Proprietary Services; and also shall include, without limitation, anything which is based on or 
derived from any part of anything described in clauses (i) through (iii) above. 
(b) 
Trade Secrets. Mr. Black acknowledges that: (i) all information, know-how 
and data which Mr. Black and his Affiliates acquire from Mr. Epstein and STC in connection with the 
Licensed IP (other than those which are in the public domain), are highly confidential and constitute 
trade secrets of STC within the meaning of the Uniform Trade Secrets Act (the "Trade Secrets"); (ii) 
Mr. Epstein and STC have a proprietary interest in, have invested substantial amounts of money to 
develop and will continue to invest substantial amounts of money to maintain the Trade Secrets; (iii) 
Mr. Epstein and STC have implemented procedures to maintain the confidentiality of the Trade 
Secrets; (iv) Mr. Epstein's and STC's competitors would obtain unfair economic and competitive 
advantages if the Trade Secrets were divulged; (v) Mr. Epstein and STC would suffer irreparable and 
continuing injury if the Trade Secrets were disclosed; and (vi) the Trade Secrets form an integral part 
of Mr. Epstein's and STC's business. 
(c) 
Ownership of Licensed IP and Trade Secrets. Mr. Black, for and on behalf 
of himself, and for and on behalf of his Affiliates, acknowledges that STC has the exclusive 
proprietary, ownership and (except for the License) use rights in and to all the Licensed IP and all the 
Trade Secrets. 
EFTA00587685
--- PAGE 8 ---
(d) 
Certain Restrictions regarding Licensed IP and Trade Secrets. 
(i) 
Neither Mr. Black nor his Affiliates shall in any way use, copy or 
distribute any Licensed IP or Trade Secrets, or any copies thereof, in violation of any provisions of this 
Agreement, including without limitation any provisions hereof regarding permitted uses, 
confidentiality, non-disclosure or other restrictions contained herein. 
(ii) 
Mr. Black and his Affiliates shall keep all the Licensed IP free of any 
liens, claims or encumbrances of any type, and may not lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the 
Licensed IP. 
(iii) 
Mr. Black shall use the Licensed IP and the Trade Secrets solely for 
and in accordance with the Licensed Purpose. Mr. Black shall obtain STC's prior, written permission 
before using any Licensed IP and any Trade Secrets for any purpose, or for the benefit of any person, 
other than as contemplated by the Licensed Purpose. 
(iv) 
Solely in connection with the Licensed Purpose, Mr. Black and 
permitted Affiliates may make copies of Licensed IP and Trade Secrets in printed or machine-readable 
form; provided, however, that any and all copies must include any and all copyright or other 
proprietary notices contained on any original Licensed IP and Trade Secrets, and Mr. Black shall 
maintain, and provide to STC upon demand, complete and accurate records of all copies of any and all 
Licensed IP and Trade Secrets made by Mr. Black and his Affiliates. 
(v) 
Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement or except with the 
prior written permission of STC, neither Mr. Black nor any of his Affiliates shall disclose or permit 
access to, all or any part of the Licensed IP or Trade Secrets to any person or entity (a "Third Party"), 
other than those of the respective principals, trustees, directors, officers, managers, employees, 
accountants, attorneys and professional advisors of Mr. Black and his permitted Affiliates who are 
informed of the provisions of this Agreement and agree to strictly comply therewith (hereinafter 
referred to as "Permitted Recipients"), unless Mr. Black or the Affiliate seeking to so disclose or 
permit such access first discloses the identity of such Third Party to STC, receives STC's prior written 
approval of such Third Party, and causes such Third Party to execute a written acknowledgement in 
which such Third Party agrees for the benefit of Mr. Epstein and STC to strictly comply with the 
provisions contained in this Section 7. Mr. Black shall deliver to STC an executed, original version of 
each such acknowledgement within three (3) days after such Third Party executes the same. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in no event shall any of the 
Licensed IP or any of the Trade Secrets be disclosed, nor shall access to any of the Licensed IP or any 
of the Trade Secrets be permitted, to any of Mr. Black's partners, any family members of such partners 
or any entities beneficially owned or controlled by such partners, whether as Permitted Recipients or 
otherwise, as such disclosure and access are strictly prohibited under this Agreement. 
(vi) 
Neither Mr. Black nor any of his Affiliates nor any Permitted 
Recipients shall, nor shall they enable others to, copy (except as expressly permitted by this 
Agreement), modify, or create derivative works of all or any part of the Licensed IP or the Trade 
Secrets. 
(vii) 
Neither Mr. Black nor any of his Affiliates nor any Permitted 
Recipients shall exploit any Licensed IP or any Trade Secrets in any way whatsoever for any purpose 
other than the Licensed Purpose. 
EFTA00587686
--- PAGE 9 ---
(viii) 
Neither Mr. Black nor any of his Affiliates nor any Permitted 
Recipients shall use any Licensed IP or any Trade Secrets in violation of any applicable federal, state 
and local laws, rules and regulations. 
(ix) 
Neither Mr. Black nor any of his Affiliates nor any Permitted 
Recipients shall, directly or indirectly, claim, attack, compromise, file suit against or commit, or 
permit, assist or enable the commission of, any action which could impair any of STC's rights, title or 
interest in and to any of the Licensed IP or any of the Trade Secrets. 
(e) 
Exclusion of All other Rights. Except as expressly provided herein, neither 
Mr. Black nor any of his Affiliates nor any Permitted Recipients are granted any rights or licenses 
whatsoever in or to any of the Licensed IP or any of the Trade Secrets. Each of Mr. Epstein and STC 
hereby expressly reserves all rights and licenses not expressly granted in this Agreement. In particular 
and without limiting the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to convey to Mr. Black, 
any of his Affiliates or any Permitted Recipients legal title to any of the Licensed IP or any of the 
Trade Secrets. Subject to the provisions of Section 3 hereof, Mr. Epstein and STC hereby expressly 
reserve the right, without any notice to, or permission from, Mr. Black, to use all or any portion of the 
Licensed IP and the Trade Secrets in any manner, and/or license, assign, convey, transfer, sell or 
otherwise alienate any portion of or all of the Licensed IP or the Trade Secrets to any third party, 
subject, however, to the License granted hereby, whether or not such use by STC or such third party is 
in any way similar to the Licensed Purpose. 
Injunctive Relief. Mr. Black, for and on behalf of Mr. Black, all of his 
Affiliates and all Permitted Recipients, acknowledges and agrees that if any of Mr. Black, any 
Affiliates and any Permitted Recipients breach any provisions contained in this Section 7, it shall cause 
damage of an irreparable and continuing nature to Mr. Epstein and STC, for which money damages 
will not provide adequate relief. Therefore, in addition to any money damages to which Mr. Epstein 
and STC may be entitled, each of Mr. Epstein and STC also is entitled to obtain injunctive relief 
(including, but not limited to, immediate entry of a temporary restraining order) from a court of 
competent jurisdiction to prohibit the continuing breach of the applicable provisions. Each of Mr. 
Epstein and STC shall have the right to obtain such relief without having to prove any damages or post 
any bond. 
(g) 
Survival. The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive any termination of all 
or any part of this Agreement or of any rights granted hereunder. 
8. 
NOTICES. 
All notices, requests, permissions or other communications which any 
party hereto may be required or desire to give to any other party hereto under this Agreement must be 
in writing and sent by (a) first class U.S. certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, with 
postage prepaid, (b) telecopy, facsimile or email (with a copy sent by first class U.S. certified or 
registered mail, return receipt requested, with postage prepaid), or (c) express mail or courier (for 
either same day or next Business Day delivery). A notice or other communication sent in compliance 
with the provisions of this Section 8 shall be deemed given and received on (x) the fifth (5th) Business 
Day following the date it is deposited in the U.S. mail, (y) the date of confirmed transmission to the 
intended recipient if sent by facsimile, telecopy or email (provided that a copy thereof is sent by mail 
the same day in the manner provided in clause (b) above), or (z) the date it is delivered to the other 
party's address if sent by express mail or courier. 
EFTA00587687
--- PAGE 10 ---
All notices, requests, permissions and other communications to Mr. Epstein and STC shall be 
addressed to: 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Facsimile No.: (340) 775-2528 
email: 
Attention: Mr. Jeffrey E. Epstein, President 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to Mr. Epstein or STC): 
Darren K. Indyke, Esq. 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Facsimile No.: 
email: 
All notices, requests, permissions and other communications to Mr. Black shall be addressed 
to: 
Apollo Management 
West 57th Street, 43rd Floor 
New York, NY 10019 
Facsimile No.: 
email: 
Attention: Mr. Leon Black 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to Mr. Black): 
Alan S. Halperin, Esq. 
Kenneth M. Schneider, Esq. 
Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP 
1285 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10019 
Facsimile No.: 
Email: 
Any party hereto may designate another addressee or change his or its address for notices and 
other communications hereunder by a notice given to the other parties hereto in the manner provided in 
this Section 8. 
9. 
MISCELLANEOUS. 
(a) 
Governing Law; Arbitration. This Agreement and any disputes hereunder 
shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New 
EFTA00587688
--- PAGE 11 ---
York, other than principles of law that would apply the law of another jurisdiction. Any dispute arising 
out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be submitted to a confidential arbitration in New 
York, New York, administered by Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services ("JAMS"), or its 
successor, in accordance with JAMS rules and procedures then in effect. 
(b) 
Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the 
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior 
understandings, agreements, representations and warranties by or among the parties hereto or their 
affiliates, written or oral, with respect to such subject matter, which prior understandings, agreements, 
representations and warranties are hereby canceled. 
(c) 
Amendment. 
This Agreement may not be amended, modified or 
supplemented other than in writing signed by all the parties hereto. 
(d) 
Waiver. Any waiver of any provision hereof must be in writing and shall be 
effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which such waiver is given. No 
failure on the part of any party hereto to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or 
privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial 
exercise of any right, power or privilege under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise 
thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder. 
(e) 
Binding Effect; Assignability. Mr. Black further agrees that this Agreement 
is binding on himself, individually, and his successors, assigns and personal representatives. This 
Agreement (including the rights and obligations hereunder) shall not be assignable by any party hereto 
except with the prior written consent of the other parties hereto. 
Severability. If any of the covenants, terms, conditions or provisions of this 
Agreement are held invalid for any reason, such invalidity shall not affect the other covenants, terms, 
conditions and provisions hereof which can be given effect without the invalid covenant, term, 
condition or provision, as the covenants, terms conditions and provisions of this Agreement are 
intended to be and shall be deemed severable. 
(g) 
Counterparts; Delivery. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, 
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument. This Agreement may be executed and delivered by delivery of a facsimile copy of an 
executed signature page or counterpart hereof or by e-mailing a PDF version of a signed signature 
page or counterpart hereof, and each shall have the same force and effect as the delivery of an 
originally executed signature page or counterpart hereof. 
(h) 
Costs of Litigation. In any action, arbitration or other proceeding to enforce 
the provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to receive, and the non-
prevailing parties shall pay, the prevailing party's costs and expenses of such action, arbitration or 
other proceeding, including, but not limited to, the costs of investigation and the reasonable attorneys 
fees and disbursements paid or incurred by the prevailing party in respect of such action, arbitration or 
other proceeding. The prevailing party shall be entitled to an award of such costs and expenses in 
addition to any and all other relief granted or awarded to the prevailing party in such action, arbitration 
or other proceeding. 
(i) 
Construction. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been prepared, and 
EFTA00587689
--- PAGE 12 ---
negotiations shall be deemed to have occurred in connection with such preparation, pursuant to the 
joint efforts of all of the parties to this Agreement. This Agreement therefore shall be construed 
simply and fairly and not strictly for or against any party to this Agreement. 
If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please sign, date and return one copy of this Letter 
Agreement. 
Very Truly Yours, 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
By: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Agreed to and Accepted this 
day of April, 2013: 
LEON BLACK 
EFTA00587690

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587691.pdf
----------------------------------------
Strictly Confidential: IPI Mission Report for internal IPI discussion 
Draft 15 May 2013 
POLIO ERADICATION IN PAKISTAN: 
PROBLEM AREAS & POSSIBLE SOLUTIONS 
Afghanistan 
Batochistan 
AtAKAIO 
AVAIKT 
Stai 
A.1.06,Y 
HAVACY S 
PESIMW 
KUPPAII 
foiEllOr 
DEPA ISMAIL 
NIIAN 
Panjab 
Northern Areas 
e. NISTAM 
ATTYRAll 
ISANSIMPA 
POTTY'S* 
higuakbe 
District Map of 
NWFP & FATA 
(2004) 
• 
tines 
RAuaIIYAMiiueW fiS•1 /dna 
,_J 
Sealed Amex 
And a 
PireInclany Alludosluna TANS Arne 
••••• • Ile• ibon • •••• ***** ••••• 1•••14. 
• Pt ...••• LAI k•••••••. I op,,. 
a ,.uu.ee....••••t, owe. • Vale 
Note: This is not a comprehensive report on polio eradication in Pakistan, nor a technical 
assessment, for which the Pakistan health authorities as well as WHO and UNICEF have all 
the expertise and data. The mission was undertaken to acquire an on-the-ground picture 
from the affected communities and prepare a Roadmap with ideas on how to fill in the gaps 
and weaknesses. What may be of interest are the nuances which have emerged from the 
direct talks with the tribals, as well as ideas no how to use the limited opportunities which 
present themselves. 
EFTA00587691
--- PAGE 2 ---
Executive Summary: 
The informal visit and meetings confirmed that polio eradication enjoys the highest national 
priority, via the Prime Minister's Polio Monitoring and Coordination Cell and the National 
Emergency Action Plan (NEAP). NEAP is well-conceived, the structures at the national, 
provincial, Agency and district levels are in place, and there is absolutely no dearth of 
funding. 
Pakistan was close to complete polio eradication, when a combination of external 
circumstances (conflict, terrorism, drones, anti-US sentiment, bans on anti-polio drops) as 
well management issues (relating to corruption, accountability, too exclusive a focus on polio 
eradication to the detriment of routine immunization, poor infrastructure etc.) created again an 
increase in the number of cases. 
The vast majority of remaining polio cases today are found in the Federally Administered 
Tribal Areas (FATA), where two of its seven tribal agencies (North Waziristan Agency 
(NWA) and South Waziristan Agency (SWA) ) are particularly hard-hit, with cases reported 
in Balochistan and Sindh Provinces, invariably all with a Pashtun connection. The"good" 
Taliban in North Waziristan Agency issued a ban in June 2012 which the "good" Taliban in 
South Waziristan Agency observe as well. 
The "bad" Taliban, i.e. the Hakimullah Mehsud-led Tehreek e Taliban Pakistan (TTP) have 
not issued a ban! 
The information acquired leads to the conclusion that religion-based refusal is a very small 
part of the problem; the rest is pressure tactics not only by the Taliban but also by local 
communities to achieve other ends; one-upmanship; poor follow-up & monitoring; the 
security situation (i.e. the one-day polio eradication campaign with anti-polio drops cannot be 
carried out if the Pak Govt is carrying out a military operation in the area); problems relating 
to the anti-polio campaign visavis the other routine immunizations; and the corruption 
resulting from the vast amount of money and jobs involved. Inaccessibility too, is not a major 
problem, since the same remote locations were covered in the past, when polio cases did go 
down dramatically, hence is used more often as an excuse now. 
It is also likely that the very low number of polio cases recorded a few years ago stemmed 
more from under-reporting, in particular by families in remote locations or without the means 
to visit a health facility. For every polio case reported, FATA health professionals estimate 
that that at least three to four go unreported. This type of mis- or under-reporting in 
developing countries is a phenomenon well-known to UN social development agencies. 
Security continues to be an issue, but not an insurmountable one. Although there was a great 
deal of pre-election turbulence, including bombing and suicide attacks, and despite the TTP 
threat of having teams of suicide bombers standing by to disrupt the elections, these took 
place fairly smoothly on 11 May 2013, including a record-breaking turn-out in FATA as well. 
Women voted in unprecedented numbers in many of FATA's seven tribal Agencies. 
Next steps: 
A new Govt will not be formed until mid-June at the earliest. Thereafter, IPI should 
undertake a second, formal visit, to Pakistan, to explore further some of the points in the 
body of the preliminary mission report, viz.: 
EFTA00587692
--- PAGE 3 ---
(1) de-link polio eradication from all other issues; 
(ii) examine whether "Days of Tranquility" and "Safe Passage" (originally introduced 
by UNICEF precisely to enable child immunization, and now used in Afghanistan with 
the approval of the Afghan Taliban) could be introduced in the two FATA Agencies 
where the ban is in effect as well as in trouble zones in other FATA agencies; 
(ii) follow-up on the modalities being developed regarding the United Arab Emirates 
(UAE) grant of US$ 110 million for polio eradication in FATA over three years; it 
appears that this project will be supervised by the Pakistan Army's Surgeon-General, 
with the Army responsible for both disbursing the funds and monitoring 
implementation. This modus operandi, while not ideal, may well provide solutions to the 
problems of corruption and mis-management which have engulfed polio eradication in 
Pakistan. Army involvement should also take care of the security angle. 
(iii) discuss further with FATA health officials in Peshawar their plans to combat 
corruption, improve accountability, and the re-introduction of incentives for reporting 
polio cases; 
(iv) follow-up on the Govt's plan to give the polio eradication campaign (PEC) a lower 
profile, to ensure that this is not detrimental to polio eradication; 
(v) encourage the Govt health authorities not to neglect routine immunizations, as the 
exclusive focus on polio eradication has not only had an unintended negative effect but 
has also upset the target communities; 
(vi) discuss the important issue of a less than optimal cold chain (the process whereby 
vaccines must be kept at a required temperature at all stages of their transport and 
storage, from manufacturing to the end recipient of the vaccination) at the field level; 
provision by the Govt of electricity would help; 
(vii) explore if the Pak Army and JUI-F, a religion-based Islamist party with a large 
following in FATA, can get the "good" Taliban leader Gul Bahadur in North Waziristan 
Agency to lift his ban (Gul Bahadur was earlier associated with JUI-F); thereafter the 
Mullah Nazir Group in South Waziristan Agency will automatically lift its ban; finally, 
the TTP could be approached to ask them to remove their reservations on polio 
eradication (although it has now become clear that TTP would like to open a dialogue on 
polio eradication more to acquire legitimacy and to introduce other issues); 
(viii) also try to get the Pak Army to get Mullah Omar, head of the Afghan Taliban, to 
issue an appeal to the TTP to support polio eradication; 
(ix) an opportunity could be provided by the new Provincial Govt in Khyber 
Pakhtunktm a Province(KP); 
(x) get a video interview done with TTP Spokesperson Ehsanullah Ehsan on polio 
eradication. 
EFTA00587693
--- PAGE 4 ---
The situation, while difficult, is not hopeless, and the last inch can indeed be run and 
won! 
List of main abbreviations in the Executive Summary and hadv of report: 
CMCC: civil-military coordination committee 
DDM: direct disbursement mechanism of salaries 
FATA: Federally Administered Tribal Areas 
IDPs: internally displaced persons 
JUI-F: Jamiat Ulema Islam (Fazlullah), a religion-based Islamist party 
KP: Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province (earlier called the North West Frontier Province), which 
borders FATA 
NEAP: National Emergenvy Action Plan 
PE: polio eradication 
PEC: polio eradication campaign 
TTP: Tehreek e Taliban Pakistan, a loose grouping of the so-called "bad" Taliban, which 
owes allegiance to Mullah Omar, head of the Taliban in Afghanistan; the "good" Taliban are 
not part of TTP, although they, too, are close to Mullah Omar 
UNICEF: United Nations Children's Fund 
WHO: World Health Organization. 
EFTA00587694
--- PAGE 5 ---
Introduction: 
Thanks to a very successful global campaign over the past decade, polio has been successfully 
eradicated in 99.9% of the world; however, it remains endemic in only three countries --
Afghanistan, Nigeria and Pakistan. 
In Pakistan, the vast majority of remaining polio cases are found in the Federally 
Administered Tribal Areas (FATA), where two of its seven tribal agencies (North Waziristan 
Agency and South Waziristan Agency ) are particularly hard-hit, with cases reported in 
Balochistan and Sindh Provinces, invariably all with a Pashtun connection. 
Owing to porous borders and close kinship ties, there is the danger of polio spreading to and 
from Afghanistan, and possibly beyond. Hence eradicating polio globally and permanently 
has come down to the ability to reach those reservoirs of children in a handful of unstable, 
isolated and inaccessible areas and communities. 
Wiping out polio under these conditions requires more specific and tailored approaches from 
the global campaign which has worked in the vast majority of countries, including in the rest 
of Pakistan. 
This is an internal IPI mission report, based on an informal visit to Pakistan over five days, 
between 27 April and I May and focusing on the north-west of the country, the source of the 
problems. Meetings were held with a variety of sources to enable a snapshot of the present 
state of play. These contacts/discussions included non-official sources and official health 
sources in Peshawar, the seat of both the tribal FATA Secretariat as well as the Provincial 
Govt, and official sources in the national capital Islamabad -- including by coincidence Dr 
Waqar Ajmal, the Pakistani technical focal point for polio at the Bill & Melinda Gates 
Foundation, who is based in Seattle but was visiting Pakistan. 
Background: 
Intensive informal meetings were held bilaterally or in small groups with a variety of 
representatives from FATA's seven tribal agencies (Bajaur, Khyber; Kurram; Mohmand; 
North Waziristan; Orakzai; South Waziristan) and some adjacent semi-settled areas (Kohat, 
Swat and Shangla). The interlocutors were from leading tribes in each FATA Agency, and by 
profession mainly development workers, social workers, journalists and small enterpreneurs. 
They live in their ancestral villages and small towns, and manage to be mobile, travelling with 
great difficulty to nearby urban areas for work or other reasons. A number are internally-
displaced persons (IDPs). 
The tribal interlocutors were selected on the basis of their ability to provide authentic and 
accurate on-the-ground information on polio issues in their respective tribal Agency. 
Note: Similarities in the problems voiced by different tribal interlocutors were less of a 
surprise than were the modest "success stories," which provide reason to hope that the last 
inch can indeed be run and won! 
Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA): 
EFTA00587695
--- PAGE 6 ---
Straddling the wild and difficult terrain between Pakistan and Afghanistan (only one of 
FATA's seven tribal Agencies does not share a border with Afghanistan), FATA is 
overwhelmingly Pashtun (most have family ties in Afghanistan), fiercely independent, very 
conservative, has a rampant gun culture, and follows a fundamentalist version of Islam. 
Smuggling is a time-honoured profession. The laws governing the rest of Pakistan have no 
jurisdiction in FATA, to which a separate set of rules and regulations going back to British 
times are applied. 
FATA has been largely left out of the infrastructure development seen in the adjoining 
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province (one of Pakistan's four provinces) or in the rest of Pakistan. 
The problems in FATA, other than conflict, insurgency, terrorism and illegal activities, stem 
from lack of development; poverty; inadequate basic services; poor or absent secondary or 
tertiary health facilities; few jobs or legal means of earning an adequate livelihood; difficult 
terrain hence difficult access; very low rates of education and in particular very low female 
literacy. A native conservatism and Talibanization affect public information campaigns - TV 
satellite dishes are opposed, as are cellphones with camera. 
For its own protection, each family generally provides one male member to the Taliban or to 
whichever militant group holds power in the locality. 
Sources of income include smuggling of drugs, arms, consumer goods; kidnapping and 
extortion; legal and illegal transport of goods to and from Afghanistan; and migrant labour in 
the Gulf -- hence local sources of income such as from a polio eradication campaign (PEC) 
are popular and a source of patronage. 
FATA is the highest-risk zone for polio transmission in Pakistan; 79-80% of polio cases 
are related to the Pashtun community in FATA or KP. Polio cases in FATA peaked in 2010, 
at 74; in 2011, there were 59, and in 2012 there were 20. Winter is low season, transmission 
season is May to Oct/Nov. 
Snapshot of Pakistan's existing polio eradication (PE) system: 
(i) In 1994, when the Polio Eradication Initiative was launched, 24,000 polio cases were 
reported, which came down to the lowest level in 2005 and in 2007 figures still remained low. 
Indeed, polio was almost on the verge of eradication. The PE programme was technically 
good, despite management weaknesses, but in the face of additional challenges 
(Talibanization, conflict along the western border, spread of the Taliban into Swat etc), an 
upward spiral began. Between 2009-2010, the numbers of cases were in the 90s and 100s; in 
2011, 198 cases created an outcry at the international level. The Govt realized that the 
problems relating to management, corruption, and accountability needed to be dealt with. 
(ii) Prime Minister's Polio Monitoring & Coordination Cell & NEAP: polio eradication 
has been assigned the highest priority by the Govt of Pakistan -- in fact it was declared a 
national emergency, with a National Emergency Action Plan (NEAP) introduced in January 
2011, giving PE the highest level of priority. The NEAP 2011 target was a December 2011 
stop in cases; NEAP 2012 was an augmented NEAP, with all district administrations made 
responsible via the Deputy Commissioners and Political Agents. In 2012, the cases came 
down to 58, PE acquired momentum and eradication was almost in sight. NEAP 2013 has a 
few additional changes: (a) integrating operational and communications plans into one 
EFTA00587696
--- PAGE 7 ---
whole; (b) stopping polio transmission by June 2013; and (c) and tracking missed-out 
children before the next PEC. 
(iii) NEAP is well conceived; it has a very good data-base; originally, the Govt had a fairly 
good and wide-spread information campaign, with announcements on TV, radio, print media, 
wall chalkings (graffiti) banners etc.; this info campaign has been made low-key in the face of 
threats by the militants. 
(iv) there are ca. 15-20 PECs per annum; each child costs Rs. 20 per PEC (ca. Rs 30 
million); ideally each child should be vaccinated at birth, 1 month, 6 months, 12 months; 
(v) PEC cycle (each covers ca. 15-20 days): 15 days before a PEC, the Union Council Polio 
Eradication Committee UPAC prepares micro-plans: covering children up to five yrs, in-
flows & out-flows of children etc.; 10 days before a PEC each UPAC meets; there is a CMCC 
(civil-military coordination committee); training of the area in-charge; acquisition of vaccines, 
cold chain, transport; 3-day door-to-door visits; 4th & 5th day follow-up; 6th day post-PEC 
monitoring by WHO — after which a new cycle starts. 
(vi) UNICEF pays 170 staff in all FATA Agencies for social mobilization only on the polio 
issue (UNICEF had hired the National Reconstruction & Development Foundation (NRDF), 
an NGO with a set-up in each Agency and the Frontier Regions, through which clerics were 
paid to support PEC & issue fatwas, but apparently funding became an issue in 2012. 
(vii) Direct disbursement mechanism (DDM): to deal with corruption and siphoning off of 
funds, a new system (originally started in Nigeria) has been introduced omitting the 
middlemen, with 70%-80% of the "end workers" receiving payment due directly into their 
bank accounts. 
(viii) Refusals in ICP: 17,000 refusals out of 5.2 million target children under 5 years, but 
after the anti-polio worker shootings, the refusal rate is now ca. 28,000-29,000. 
(ix) Sindh: cases recorded are among Pashtun children in Karachi (if they are permanent 
residents in Karachi, they are not mapped in KP records); of the two cases reported recently in 
Karachi, one family was originally from Swat, settled in Karachi, father has polio; the second 
was recorded in Dadu. In 2012, there were three cases in KP, among Pastuns who, after 10 
years in Karachi, had shifted back to KP and two of the children had never been vaccinated in 
Karachi; 
(x) Balochistan: "Quetta Bloc" = Pashtun areas in Quetta, Pishin, Qila Abdullah. 
(xi) Wild polio virus: According to its genetic lineage, there are three types of polio virus; 
Type II has been eradicaled globally, Type I and Type III are still around; in Asia Type III is 
found, of which two cases were reported in Khyber Agency; the rest are Type I. 
(xii) China recorded a few cases of Type I among children in the Xinkiang province with 
Uighur Muslim majority and a probable transmission link to Afghanistan/Pakistan -- the 
Chinese authorities immediately administered anti-polio drops to all! 
Pixels of polio eradication (PE) issues: 
PE worked fairly well for years, despite inherent difficulties and weaknesses. 
The following points were conveyed by the interlocutors as representative of the views 
held in their areas and have been compressed and aggregated under categories: 
"Polio has become as important as the nuclear bomb"... there is almost as much attention 
and money assigned to PEC as to our nuclear assets!... people involved in polio eradication 
have become millionnaires... people have a regular source of income as long as there is 
polio... if the Govt does not care about people's basic needs, it should not worry about polio 
either!" As interlocutors made these analogies and statements, all heads nodded vigorously in 
agreement. 
EFTA00587697
--- PAGE 8 ---
High-profile PEC: many Govt health officials agree on the negative effects as 
unintended consequences of a high-profile and almost exclusive focus on polio: (a) 
recognizing its importance to the Govt, and the world, the militants and even others exploit 
this weakness and use it as a bargaining chip (they are well aware that the Govt can do little 
against the drone attacks): no water, PEC stop; no electricity, PEC stop; release our comrades 
from prison, or PEC stop (even criminal gangs are using this tactic). 
Solutions: (a) use the service delivery mechanism created for PE also for routine vaccinations 
and the expanded programme of immunization (EPI); (b) continue PEC but with a lower 
profile; (c) strengthen normal health care and routine immunizations; and improve the EPI 
programme, which has suffered from an exclusive attention to polio; fixed sites; outreach 
which is not vigorous; and no longer house-to-house visits. 
Social issues: 
Tribal communities, fed up with socio-economic disadvantages and difficult living conditions, 
voice the view that poverty will kill them anyway, so what if a child gets polio; the (male) 
child will not be able to earn a living anyway so what if he is crippled; they often use a stop 
on PEC as pressure to acquire other essential services such as electricity or water in return for 
supporting PE; there remains widespread suspicion of UN, NGOs, including local NGOs who 
receive external funding. 
Health issues: 
(i) there are far worse diseases, which kill, while polio only cripples, so why is not as much 
being done against these diseases? 
(ii) maternal and infant morbidity and mortality are major problems but are largely ignored in 
favour of PE; 
(iii) PE competes with routine vaccinations and wins; 
(iv) expired vaccines; 
(v) some families may refuse to administer vaccines to an only son; 
(vi) suspicion of the quality of govt-issued anti-polio drops (many medical staff get the 
vaccines from overseas, either Saudi Arabia or the US, for their own children); 
(vii) get the vaccine ingredients tested by doctors acceptable to the conservatives (to prove 
that the ingredients are not harmful). 
(viii) a few cases of children getting polio despite PEC (probably skipped, or cold chain 
broke) has created fear. 
Religious and related issues: 
Refusal is minimal on religious grounds as a result of effective PEC; it is more a complex 
of reasons as noted under the different sub-headings in this section: 
(i) religious leaders are not being involved in the right manner (WHO & UNICEF have 
financed a project through the National Reconstruction & Development Foundation to involve 
FATA clerics in supporting PE, though many interlocutors criticized the selection process); 
(ii) the selection process of clerics is important, as there are different religious currents such 
as Deobandi or Ahle Hadith or Tablighi, which hold sway in different parts of FATA; 
EFTA00587698
--- PAGE 9 ---
(iii) some clerics harbour doubts about the ingredients in anti-polio vaccines (i.e. it is 
disguised birth control, affects virility, creates sterility and infertility, either as unintended 
consequences or as part of a western conspiracy against jihad and Muslims); 
(iv) PE has become a jihad issue linked to family planning: bara khandan, jihad asaan ("big 
families help jihad"); 
(v) after the Osama bin Laden raid in Abbotabad in May 2011, many clerics no longer speak 
out in favour of PEC; 
(vi) a "war" of the Fatwas, pro and contra; 
(vi) for all Haj pilgrims, anti-polio vaccination is essential — those ostensibly opposing anti-
polio drops for their children take it themselves!; 
(viii) earlier, the imams used the Friday khutba (sermon) but many have stopped for a mix of 
reasons; 
(ix) symptoms of polio are ascribed to jinn, or that the tribulation is from Allah, as 
everythjing, good and bad, is from Him; 
(x) Tribals from SWA and NWA who have fled their homes and crossed over into a safer 
location, do bring their children for the drops, despite the prevailing ban on PEC in these two 
tribal Agencies; 
(xi) There is no Taliban ban on PE in Afghanistan (see below) although the Taliban in 
Pakistan and the Taliban in Afghanistan enjoy close links. 
Awareness issues: 
(i) a continuing lack of awareness in some Agencies (earlier gains made as a result of Govt 
public information campaigns have decreased in certain areas); 
(ii) the earlier awareness programmes via the Govt's public information campaigs were good, 
but ever since these were stopped or made low-key as a result of TTP pressure and security 
concerns, awareness has also receded; re-start public information campaigns; the FATA 
Health Secretariat has a media directorate which runs two radio channels; 
exact PEC dates are not announced so as not to alert the militants; the campaign against PEC 
appears to be more effective than the PEC!; earlier, PEC was advertized and disseminated on 
TV but since the use of satellite dishes was stopped (TTP criticize TV shows as unlslamic 
except religious shows), this medium remains unused in FATA (although satellite dishes can 
be found in many hujras, guesthouses belonging to tribal chiefs and important community 
leaders); 
(iii) involve the media (a number of international agencies and other donors have held 
workshops); use social media; internet radio etc; 
(iv) set up a committee in each village, made up of elders, imams, teachers etc. to support 
PEC (process of selection is important); 
(v) local legitimacy: use tribal jirgas; get Maliks (hereditary tribal chiefs), fungi holders (local 
elders other than Maliks), and other such persons who command authority, to administer 
drops (a rep. from another Agency disagreed, preferring those with spiritual authority); 
(vi) Surveyst_There are numerous surveys on all types of social issues, including polio; since 
9/11, Pakistan has been surveyed to death! All reps made fun of survey sponsors, at their 
"stupid" questions, and categorically stated that the majority of questionnaires were filled out 
by a few persons (surveys are well-financed but require a great deal of effort especially in 
remote areas) and that depending on the theme, those surveyed deliberately gave wrong 
information or provided answers which would please the sponsor -- probably some 
applicability to polio as well. 
Political issues: 
EFTA00587699
--- PAGE 10 ---
There is no concerted effort to convince militant groups to allow PE; the deliberate use of a 
PEC ban or stop as quid pro quo -- as pressure tactics by militants to get comrades or relatives 
freed from prison; 
Corruption issues (money, goods, services, jobs): 
Polio eradication is very lucrative: 
(i) suspicions against the health authorities as PECs are very lucrative (one health worker 
receives Rs. 1,500 per one-day campaign, the supervisor gets Rs 2,900; some health staff 
make up to Rs 36,000 per PEC; 
(ii) "ghost" polio worker teams, eg. lower actual numbers are lower, the difference is 
pocketed, ditto numbers of transport vehicles; sometimes the "ghost" teams are at multiple 
levels, eg. health workers paid by the Govt, hospital teams, plus checkpost volunteers, hence 
"ghost" teams or "ghost" staff at each stage (eg. funds for two staff are used to employ one 
person only, the second stipend is pocketed); 
(iii) there are "ghost" children, eg. one vial costs Rs. 1,000 at the subsidized rate (actual cost 
is higher), the vial covers up to 20 recipients, but is actually given to 14 or 15 children only —
i.e. larger amounts of vaccine are recorded than are strictly necessary; 
(iv) some health teams do not get paid for months, eg. in one Agency, health workers have 
not yet been paid for the past eight PECs; 
(v) many foreign-funded projects aimed at raising awareness of social issues including PE 
were criticized as being part of the chain of corruption; 
(vi) the corruption is widespread and not restricted to PE, eg. a FATA rep. recalled that as a 
student he had received a scholarship of Rs. 15,000 pm for 2 years, but he used to get half 
only; 
(vii) PEC jobs are given on the basis of patronage and safarish (connections); 
Egs: a political leader in a FATA Agency stopped opposing PEC after an NGO gave him 
water-pumps which cost Its 5,000 each; and solar-powered deep freezers provided by WHO 
are often kept by govt staff in their homes for private use in areas where there is no electricity; 
(viii) Too much khanapuri (simply ticking off boxes, often resulting in inaccurate reporting 
on forms). 
Funding issues: 
There is no lack of funds either from the national exchequer or from external donors. The 
UAE Govt has pledged US$ 110 million to cover all PECs in FATA over the next three years. 
The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) has still to be signed and the precise modalities 
are being worked out, including the visits of teams from UAE. The Govt health authorities 
understandably want non-FATA adjacent areas to be included to prevent cross-infection --
this point is still being negotiated. 
The UAE grant is considered important not only because of the funds, but because it is the 
first major involvement of a Muslim Arab country with the hoped-for concomitant effect of 
stilling suspicion in FATA and KP. 
Note: There is agreement at the highest Pak Army levels that the UAE-funded polio 
eradication programme will be placed under the supervision of the Pak Army's highest 
medical authority, the Surgeon-General. The Army will be involved in disbursing the 
UAE funds and monitoring their use; the local health workers will be under Army 
supervision. 
EFTA00587700
--- PAGE 11 ---
PEC-related issues: 
(i) poor delivery system in many tribal areas: eg. a health worker hands over an anti-polio kit 
to a young boy and sends him off to administer the drops to children in his village or hamlet; 
(ii) breaks in the cold chain (also reported by field-level staff interviewed separately); 
(iii) poor monitoring system or follow-up; 
(iv) under-reporting and mis-reporting of polio cases (see Note below): 
(v) skewed financial benefits, eg. a medical technician in a hospital receives a salary of Rs. 
18,000, and gets in addition Rs 30,000 for a PEC -- this increases suspicion among a 
conservative constituency that money, not health care, is behind the PEC; 
(vi) in addition, some medical technicians who were not selected for the PEC, turned anti-
PEC; 
(vii) this double-dipping needs to be controlled and better thought-out, i.e. what started out as 
an incentive is now leading to problems; 
(viii) inadequate system of reporting abuse, i.e. those to whom abuses should be reported are 
often part of the system of abuse; 
(ix) structural and systemic reforms are required (beyond the scope of this Report); 
(x) short-term, medium-term, and long-term solutions required: in the short-term, improve all 
basic health services, especially routine vaccinations, with door-to-door delivery; in the 
medium-term, fight corruption and establish justice; in the longer-term, improve infrastructure 
and invest in development; 
(viii) young women in health teams arouse the ire and opposition of conservative 
communities and bring PEC a bad name; 
(xi) teams sometimes skip remote, inaccessible locations; 
(xii) forms are filled out in numbers exceeding those actually vaccinated; 
(xiii) poor accountability; 
(xiv) some of the "refuseniks" (as they were referred to!) are elected officials; 
(xv) pressure on junior field staff not to report "missed out" children; they cannot complain 
because of intra-family or inter-tribal considerations and snitching could lead to a blood fued. 
Note: Under-reporting and mis-reporting of polio cases: 
Reported by almost all interlocutors, but conceded by only two Govt health sources, one 
spoke directly and openly, the second was more indirect and hesitant to concede; this could 
be a partial explanation of the very low recorded figures in past years. The under-reporting 
arises less from unintentional or intentional fudging by field staff, and more from the fact that 
families are either located in a very remote area, or lack the knowledge or resources to bring 
the affected child to a health facility. 
This is comparable to similar mis- or under-reporting in the developing countries, a 
phenomenon well-known to UN social development agencies in many social sectors. 
A public health specialist advised that even now, for every one reported case of polio, at 
least three to four go unreported, and that with one polio case, ca. 200 households 
around are in danger of infection. 
Surveillance is carried out by WHO staff. FATA health authorities used to have a 
surveillance project under which a cash incentive of Rs. 5,000 was given for every polio case 
reported and are now planning to re-introduce this to encourage reporting. 
Security issues: 
Although there are genuine security issues, security considerations are sometimes 
invoked unnecessarily. 
EFTA00587701
--- PAGE 12 ---
(i) there have been no attacks on PEC workers in FATA, only threats so far; TTP strongly 
denies it is behind the attacks in KP, Sindh and Punjab provinces - it is clear, however, that 
anti-State elements are using these attacks to hit the Govt where it hurts; 
(ii) PEC has become a security issue eg. in some areas in KP; a health team is protected by 
three khasssadars (tribal levies) who in fact may be the target of the attacks; 
(iii) the Dr Shakil Afridi phenomenon with the fake hepatitis campaign in Abbotabad (he did 
actually cover Bajaur Agency) has multiplied suspicion and played into the hands of the 
"western conspiracy" theorists as well as strengthened the position of those who link PEC to 
espionage; 
(iv) militants and drones are not as important to PEC as they are made out to be -- earlier, the 
same militants had no issues with PEC; 
(v) there are allegations of deliberate attempts to show PEC as high-risk, and drama created 
around the issue. 
(vi) road construction labourers working on a highway from Bannu to Ghulam Khan in North 
Waziristan Agency (on the border with Khost in Afghanistan) are protected by the Pak Army, 
so query as to why health workers cannot be similarly protected. 
The Tehreek e Taliban Pakistan (TTP) position differs from their Taliban brethren in 
Afghanistan. The hardened position of TTP on PE is related to their desire not to be 
seen as less "Islamic" than the other hard-liners: 
"We have not banned polio drops, but we need a dialogue that it is not anti-Islam!? 
Essentially, the TTP wants a platform or dialogue, and the leghitimacy that would flow 
from such a dialogue; in addition, the dialogue would immediately be used to insert 
other demands. 
The TTP insists it has not attacked any health workers, but does say: (a) the drones kill us, the 
UN does nothing, but wants our cooperation in polio eradication? We don't want the UN's 
sympathy!; and (b) if the vaccine ingredients can be proved to be in compliance with Islam, 
we will administer the drops ourselves! 
Pakistan-Afghanistan cross-border infection and re-infection via transit of children: 
There are over 500 informal crossings along the long porous border; six transit points are 
permanently staffed, with additional transit points between FATA and the settled areas, where 
anti-polio drops are available until sunset daily. "Catching" the children at these transit points 
is particularly important owing to the constant movement of families and because children 
may well miss out PEC in both their home locations as well as elsewhere and thus be a source 
of infection and re-infection. 
Main FATA transit points along the Pakistan-Afghan border: 
SWA: Angoor Adda; 
NWA: Ghulam Khan and Datta Khel; 
Khyber: Torkham (with PE), Tirah (Tabai); Shalman (Ghakhi); 
Mohmand: no crossing point; 
Bajaur: of the four, Latai, Kagga, Ghakhi Pass and Nowa Pass, only Latai and Kagga are 
used; 
Orakzai: the only Agency without a border with Afghanistan, hence people use Bajaur 
crossing points; 
Kurram: border checkpoints in Upper Kurram (Kharlachi and Gawai) and in Lower Kurram 
(Shaheedan Dand, Charguti, Shabak, Ahmad Shin, Batti). 
Afghanistan: 
EFTA00587702
--- PAGE 13 ---
PECs are functioning very well, with the Afghan Taliban cooperating with the Afghan Govt, 
with "Days of Tranquility" and "Safe Passage;" in fact the Afghan Taliban assist the Afghan 
health workers to carry out their work by issuing a letter "authorizing" this prior to each PEC; 
in 2013, two new cases have so far been recorded in the area bordering Pakistan — after the 
Pak Army military operation in Swat in 2009, militants fled into adjacent Kunar Province in 
Afghanistan). 
The Afghanistan Govt gives anti-polio drops to children who cross over from Pakistan, but 
there are children who miss out on PEC on both sides of the Durand Line, the unofficial de 
facto border between Pakistan and Afghanistan. 
Security issues at present: 
According to a very senior defence official, the turbulence and bomb attacks are mainly 
related to the elections & are politician-oriented, i.e. not too many law enforcement agencies 
or personnel are being targetted; the TTP issued end April 2013 a statement against 
democracy and declared open season on secular parties; 
Post-elections: the new Govt, whatever the composition, will try to introduce a fresh 
approach, which cannot be predicted at this stage -- maybe negotiations or military operations 
— hence for some time to come, the security situation may worsen. 
Afghanistan post-2014: If the US withdrawal leaves behind an unstable environment, and 
depending on who comes in after Karzai, and if there is no agreement with the Afghan 
Taliban, there will be civil war. Even with an orderly withdrawal, there will still be a dip in 
the security situation, with each power source positioning itself. How soon Afghanistan can 
get out of this dip depends on who is in power in Kabul. This dip/civil war will, in any case, 
spill over into Pakistan, where the power struggle will breed further instability and unleash 
negative forces. In KP and FATA, the TTP will try an upsurge, and try to expand in Pakistan; 
The Pak Army's 11 Corps, responsible for KP, FATA and the border areas: there is 
close liaison with FATA health authorities, and no PEC is allowed if a military operation is 
ongoing. 
EFTA00587703
--- PAGE 14 ---
Annex (informal sampling front each FATA Agency and some semi-settled areas on the 
basis of meetings with tribals from these areas): 
North Waziristan Agency (NWA) borders Afghanistan: 
In NWA and SWA, the Govt is trying to embed PEC in larger health programmes via 
health campaigns, with Pak Army support; each PEC misses out ca. 250,000 kids in NWA & 
SWA. 
The last polio eradication campagin (PEC) with door-to-door visits was in June 2012, which 
stopped after a ban was imposed by the so-called "good" Taliban leader Gul Bahadur, who 
announced that no PEC team would be allowed in until the drones were stopped. He charged 
that while polio could affect a few, the drones killed hundreds of innocent people, including 
women and children. "More dangerous than polio are spies!" 
Earlier, when PEC was carried out regularly, children used to run after the PE health teams 
with their mouths open for the drops! Even today, no girls school has been shut down, TTP 
send their younger girls to these schools, young women attend the women's college in a 
burqa. However, this too has become a point of counter-pressure. Eg. if the Pak Army does 
not remove a particular barrier, the militants will not allow girls to go to college (which is 
located beyond the barrier)! Some families visit the local district hospital and secretly get 
anti-polio drops, but it is reported that these are often expired and of poor quality. Families 
which leave NWA take their children for anti-polio drops, either at checkpoints during a PEC, 
or elsewhere. 
The PEC teams are often made up of young local boys who are poorly trained. There are 
"ghost" health centres without proper staff; curfews and checkpoints make life even more 
difficult than does militancy. WHO-donated solar powered deep freezers to store vaccines are 
often taken home by some Govt staff. A Hotline has been set up by the Health Dept but many 
do not know about it. 
The security situation is very bad, NWA is subject to heavy drone attacks, the movement of 
even NWA residents is very difficult, there are multiple checkpoints, at each checkpoint, all 
males are required to disembark, stand in line to get their ID papers and permits checked, then 
with hands raised and shirttails in their mouths, with naked upper body, they are made to walk 
through the checkpoint — to prove they are not wearing explosives belts; even young male 
children must follow this procedure. 
NWA has many crossing points to/from Afghanistan, controlled by the TTP; mainly women 
and children cross over. 
Note: In early May 2013, NWA's first polio case was detected, as well as two in Khyber 
Agency; two other cases in KP are in the pipeline as testing takes seven days. 
South Waziristan Agency (SWA), borders Afghanistan: 
In NWA and SWA, the Govt is trying to embed PEC in larger health programmes via 
health campaigns, with Pak Army support; each PEC misses out ca. 250,000 kids in NWA & 
SWA. 
Mullah Nazir, the "good Taliban" leader in SWA (droned in January 2013) followed Gul 
Bahadur's suit, accusing the US of deploying spies; he announced that anyone caught 
EFTA00587704
--- PAGE 15 ---
administering polio vaccines would be punished (the SWA rep. stated, however, that Mullah 
Nazir's own family are getting anti-polio drops). While PEC takes place in the 53 villages 
under Govt control, to which IDPs have returned, ca. 25,000 children are not receiving anti-
polio drops. Other reasons are weak polio team set-ups and a poor delivery system. SWA is 
subjected to regular drone attacks as well as Pak military operations. IDPS from SWA often 
take refuge in adjacent Tank and Dera Ismail Khan, so a concerted effort should be made to 
include these IDP children in PEC, although Govt officials said that this is being done. 
Khyber Agency, borders Afghanistan: 
Khyber has three sub-divisions: Landi Kotal, Jamrud (on the border with Afghanistan, with 
Torkham being a major transit point, including for NATO supplies) and Bara. The rep. from 
Khyber reported very good awareness of PEC. Earlier, health workers went door-to-door for 
routine vaccinations, now the focus is on polio to the detriment of the other diseases. PEC was 
originally introduced as part of more comprehensive health care, 
In Bara, there are military operations with curfews, as well as inter-tribal conflict, which 
affects PEC. When Bara was under the control of a pro-Govt militant jihadi group (Amr bil 
Maruf wa Nahi Anil Munkar -- "enjoining good and forbidding evil"), PEC was allowed. In 
areas controlled by pro-Govt tribes (eg. the Aka Khel pro-Govt "peace militia" ), there have 
been a few PECs, but not regularly. 
Six months ago, when the Tirah area (see Note 1 below) was under the control of the pro-
Govt group called Ansar ul Islam, PECs took place. At present, Tirah is under the control of 
Lashkar e Islam which has allied itself with the TTP, so a PEC is virtually impossible. 
However, as long as there was no military operation, Lashkar e Islam did not impose a ban 
nor did it attack health workers; the I man- I woman PE team composition was severely 
criticized. 
Note 1: The Tirah Valley has an extremely strategic location, as it passes through Kurram, 
Khyber and Orakzai Agencies in FATA/Pakistan, with Ton Bora in Afghanistan a few 
kilometres on the other side. The Tirah Valley is a major drugs and arms smuggling 
throughway. 
Note 2: In early May 2013, NWA's first polio case was detected, as well as two in Khyber 
Agency; two other cases in KP are in the pipeline as testing takes seven days. 
Bajaur Agency, borders Afghanistan: 
Small land area but a large population; of its seven counties, five are enveloped in militancy 
(Lower Mamun, Upper Mamun, Charmang, Chamarkand and Salarzai). Pre-militancy, there 
were no reported cases of polio. A political leader stopped opposing PEC after an NGO gave 
him water-pumps which cost Rs 5,000 each. On the rumour of anti-polio vaccines affecting 
fertility, the rep. from Bajaur gave his own example: he has a daughter who was vaccinated 
and she has borne seven healthy children! 
Mohmand Agency, borders Afghanistan: 
Between ca. 2000-2008, the children received anti-polio drops; then the situation changed, 
clerics began to speak out against the vaccine as part of anti-US sentiment, although there 
have been comparatively few drone attacks in this Agency. Since home health teams have 
stopped, some families take their children to Govt health centres to get anti-polio drops. 
Earlier, PEC was made up of a National Immunization Day in the entire region; plus "sweeps" 
EFTA00587705
--- PAGE 16 ---
which were home-to-home visits at the district level. Now, the Govt has stopped announcing 
the PEC date so as not to alert the militants, hence many parents have no way of knowing 
when the PEC is to take place. 
Kurram, borders Afghanistan: 
Has ca. 20-25 tribal groups, including an area with mainly shia tribal communities; there is no 
polio ban; the percentage of girls attending school is the highest among FATA Agencies. 
Even in areas under the control of Fazal Saeed, who belongs to the "good" Taliban, PEC has 
continued. Of 13 BHUs, only two are closed (problem sites, one because of a bomb attack on 
a polio health worker in Ahmadzai Malikhel -- a shia area -- which was an accident as the 
landmine had been intended for someone else, and in Parachamkani, next to Ton Bora, where 
the problem is not one of security but one of remoteness, and lack of access (no roads or 
transport)). As a result of military operations in Khyber and Orakzai Agencies, IDPs have fled 
to camps in the Sadda county in Kurram Agency -- they cannot enter an IDP Camp until they 
have been given hepatitis tests and anti-polio drops. In the shia areas, PEC is 100% 
successful, partly because the shia have set up their own Pasdaran security system, receive 
funding from Iran, have functioning schools and health centres, and are well-organized. 
Note: The Deputy Commander of the TTP's Tariq Afridi Group gave drops to his children and 
when the news reached the higher echelons, their view was that he could give anti-polio drops 
in his area, but not to their tribes. Now, even that condition has been lifted and PEC is freely 
implemented. The "bad" Taliban have left the area, the "good" Taliban are found in some of 
the FR Kohat areas, but the ban does not apply here! 
Note: The Tirah Valley has an extremely strategic location, as it passes through Kurram, 
Khyber and Orakzai Agencies in FATA/Pakistan, with Torn Bora in Afghanistan a few 
kilometres on the other side. The Tirah Valley is a major drugs and arms smuggling 
throughway. 
Orakzai Agency, the only one which does not border Afghanistan: 
Although Orakzai does not share a border with Afghanistan, nonetheless it occupies a 
strategic position in the map of m,ilitancy as this Agency is a crucial link for militants moving 
among other FATA agencies, as well as a major transit route for the Pak Army. It borders 
Peshawar, the provincial capital as well as Kohat, an important garrison town. Orakzai was 
the original home of the TTP head Hakimullah Mehsud, before he moved to South 
Waziristan Agency to take over the leadership of the TTP after the death of his 
predecessor Baitullah Mehsud in a drone attack. 
Orakzai is divided into an Upper Sub-Division and a Lower Sub-division. 
In the Upper Sub-Division, the Pak Army has been carrying out military operations, including 
aerial operations, since a year. Almost 95% of the population of this area has fled, becoming 
IDPs elsewhere, especially in Hangu. This has opened a window of opportunity for the 
FATA health authorities, which have mapped and tracked these IDP children, and have given 
them anti-polio drops, covering ca. 95% of such children. In the central county of Orakzai 
(often referred to as Central Sub-Division), there are pockets of "missed" children, though 
their numbers are gradually going down. 
Note: The Tirah Valley has an extremely strategic location, as it passes through Kurram, 
Khyber and Orakzai Agencies in FATA/Pakistan, with Torn Bora in Afghanistan a few 
kilometres on the other side. The Tirah Valley is a major drugs and arms smuggling 
throughway. 
EFTA00587706
--- PAGE 17 ---
Khyber Pakhtun Ithwa (KP) Frontier Regions: 
Kohat Frontier Region: 
A semi-tribal buffer zone between Peshawar and Kohat, populated by the Afridi tribe; less 
corruption reported here than elsewhere; the polio situation is comparatively better than in 
the FATA areas, PEC involves the Education Dept including teachers. Three areas, bordering 
Orakzai and Khyber Agencies, were "red zones" because of military operations, where the 
Basic Health Units (BHUs) were closed -- these areas were recently cleared. The latest PEC 
was in April 2013, with almost 99% coverage. All areas of FR Kohat were accessible, there 
were many monitoring teams (perhaps deployed from other areas where they could not 
function?). In 2012, two polio cases were recorded, one a child who had fled from his original 
home, thus missing out PEC in both places, while the second was a case from a previous "red 
zone." 
Note: In FR Kohat, a verbal ban on anti-polio vaccination was introduced after 2009, with the 
head of the Tariq Afridi Group saying that if their Ameer said no, they would follow his 
instructions; he then showed a pamphlet issued by the Govt with a listing of the PE donors 
such as WHO, UNICEF etc — and pointed specifically to "USAID" and stated that that was 
why their Ameer had banned PEC. 
Semi-settled areas: 
These share some, but not all, of the characteristics of KP and FATA. 
Swat (home of Mullah Fazlullah/Mulla Radio): 
Despite the mountainous terrain, PEC was good, but after the militants took over in 2007-
2008, they opposed all NGOs. The Govt carried out a massive military operation in April-
May 2009, pushing the militants out. There are no fatwas in Swat against PEC. 
Originally, Mullah Fazlullah who led a fundamentalist jihadi group called Tehreek e Nafaz e 
Shariat Muhammadi and later allied himself with the TTP, did not oppose PEC. He even 
threw out a challenge that his religious sermons (on his illegal FM channels) were more 
popular than the music channels. In Imam Dehri, the centre of Mullah Fazlullah's powerbase, 
there is a girls' school — the only condition he made was that girls in 6th class and above 
should wear the burqa. At present there is no overt militancy except target killings (such as 
the attempt against 14 year old Malala Yousufzai). 
Shangla (was also Mullah Radio territory): 
Of its population of 600,000, ca. 75% live in mountainous areas; of its 28 Union Councils, 
nine are considered high-risk for polio, all in Puran county which is under TTP control since 
the last four years; even in the areas not under the TTP, some communities refuse PEC on the 
grounds that until they receive other basic services such as electricity, roads, schools, the Govt 
can wait with its PEC! Corruption is considered Problem No.1, along with the timber and 
mineral mafia which exploit these valuable natural resources; labourers from Shangla work in 
mines in Balochistan, take their families along, thus the children miss out on PEC in both 
locations. 
EFTA00587707

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587708.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sebastian S. Lighvani, MD 
NEW YORK ALLERGY AND ASTHMA, PLLC 
261 East 78th Street 4th Floor New York, NY 10075 
Persons scheduled for skin testing should not take antihistamines or medications containing them for at 
least 3 but preferably 5 days before being tested. Antihistamines are often found in cold or allergy 
medicines. You may continue to take decongestants. mucus thinners and most nasal sprays. 
YOU MUST CONTINUE TO TAKE ASTHMA MEDICATIONS 
AND DRUGS FOR ALL OTHER MEDICAL CONDITIONS. 
Some of the available antihistamines are listed below. 
Store brands are not listed so check the ingredients or ask your pharmacist. 
ACTIFED 
ALLEGRA 
ALLEGRA-D 
ALLERX 
ATARAX 
ATROHIST 
ASTELIN 
ASTEPRO 
AZATIDINE 
BENADRYL 
BROMPHED 
BROMPHENIRAMINE 
CARBINOXAMINE 
CETRIZINE 
CHLORPHENIRAMINE 
CHLORTRIMETON 
CLARINEX 
CLARINEX-D 
CLEMASTINE 
COTYLENOL 
CYPROHEPATIDINE 
DESLORATIDINE 
DIMETANE 
DIMETAPP 
DIPHENHYDRAMINE 
DRISTAN 
FEXOFENADINE 
HYDROXYZINE 
LORATIDINE 
NOLAMINE 
OPTIMINE 
PATANASE 
PBZ 
PERIACTIN 
PHENERGAN 
PROMETHAZINE 
RONDEC 
SEMPREX-D 
TAVIST 
TAVIST-D 
TELDRIN 
TRINALIN 
TRIPELENNAMINE 
TRIPROLIDINE 
TYLENOL PM 
UNIDECON 
VISTARIL 
XYZAL 
ZYRTEC 
ZYRTEC-D 
EFTA00587708

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587709.pdf
----------------------------------------
LAURA K. GRAHAM 
Professional Profile 
Over ten years of managerial leadership and entrepreneurial innovation to ensure the principals' standards are 
met and guest expectations are exceeded. Exceptional communication skills and business experience. Private 
service professional with a commitment to excellence and quick resolution of problems; notable success in 
large-scale event planning and operations/logistics. Colleagues describe me as a personable, hard-working, 
forward-thinking and trustworthy hands-on manager, with a guest-centric approach to estate management; 
exceptionally well organized and practiced in conducting 5-star service at the highest level of professionalism. 
Personal Assets 
• 10+ years of Private Service Experience 
• 
6+ years of Experience as High-End B&B Owner/Manager 
• 
Expert Knowledge of the Food and Beverage Business 
Skill Synopsis 
• 
Delivers 5-Star Luxury Guest Service: 
up to 68 people 
• 
Event Planning, up to 250 people 
• 
Household Organization 
• 
Wine Cellar Management 
• 
Operations and Logistics 
• 
Water Feature and Pool Care 
• 
Exotic Animal Care and Pet Care 
• 
Budget Creation and Adherence, use of 
QuickBooks 
• 
Proper Care of Fine China, Silver, Glassware 
and Linens 
• 
Expert Meal Service: Buffets, Plated and Tray 
Service 
• 
Project Management 
• 
Staff Supervision/Vendor Management 
• 
Contract Negotiation 
• 
Inventory Management 
• 
Wardrobe Organization and Management 
• 
Proficient with PCs and MACs 
• 
Knowledgeable of Smart Home Technology: 
Crestron and Lutron 
• 
Knowledgeable in Microsoft Office: Word, Excel 
and Outlook 
Professional Experience 
Private Estate 
Central TX 
May 2008 — Present 
Estate Manager 
Oversee all estate management limes pertaining to 250-acre waterfront estate consisting of a 20,000 sq ft main residence and 
numerous guest cottages; annual budget of12M with an annual average of 600+ guests. 
• 
Implement and maintain principal's standards of service and guest services for the property. Maintain 
property in a constant state of guest readiness including functionality of all facility systems and security. 
• 
Organize and host special events; coordination of special projects and subcontractors necessary for those 
projects. Liaise with caterers and special event purveyors, bands, and entertainment. 
• 
Hire, train, manage and supervise full time staff of 10: maintenance and housekeepers. 
• 
Implement 8 ton shoreline dredge maintenance plan. 
• 
Veterinary maintenance and care for exotic and domestic animals. 
• 
Care and maintenance of vehicles including a variety of watercraft, RV, fire truck, and multiple types of 
recreational vehicles such as Segways, golf carts and four wheelers. 
• 
Coordinate annual budget preparation, including payroll in conjunction with family CPA. 
• 
Project Coordination: Oversaw principal's corporate real estate construction of two model homes (3,000 
sq ft and 3,500 sq ft). Implemented the planning, coordinating, execution and completion of work on 
time and within the project budget; liaison to interior designer and sales team. 
EFTA00587709
--- PAGE 2 ---
Professional Experience - continued 
Private Residence 
Dallas, TX 
January 2008 — May 2008 
Household Manager/Personal Assistant 
Oversaw all household management, including securig, vehicle maintenance, constnrction pnjects, event planning, biting' training 
staff household ?stems, interior maintenance, pool, pet cam, grounds, inventog, auxiliary vendors and on call for emergencies. 
• 
Initiated and maintained household manuals and kept inventories in accordance with set guidelines. 
• 
Supervised, hired and trained staff of 12 (Chef, Housekeepers and Nannies); sourced/managed 100+ 
vendors and maintenance sub-contractors. 
• 
Scheduled and supervised guest's culinary experience: buffets, cocktail parties and seated dinners. 
• 
Coordinated annual budget preparation and basic accounting system and with family CPA. 
• 
Personal work: reservations, gift purchasing and domestic/international travel scheduling and logistics. 
Kennedy Manor Bed and Breakfast 
Jefferson, TX 
January 2001 — January 2007 
Owner/Manager 
Developed boutique, high-end, destination business consisting of s& guest moms in a 4,000 sq fl inn until it was sold in January 
2007. Managed the successful  operation Van award winning B&B; increased revenues by more than 50% in the firstyear. 
• 
Created, supervised and implemented daily administration tasks: marketing, accounting and advertising. 
• 
Duties included reservations, check-in/out, ordering and purchasing supplies, and scheduling staff. 
• 
Selection, supervision and training of inn staff (housekeeping and maintenance). Researched, selected and 
managed over a dozen contractors/vendors: landscaping, renovations and construction trades. 
• 
Was the primary contact for customer service and all guest hospitality services. 
• 
Coordinated weddings with up to 250 guests; liaison with local businesses for special events. 
• 
Designed seasonal menus, sourced/managed suppliers and prepared breakfast/evening hors d'oeuvres. 
• 
Streamlined operations to enhance efficiency and customer satisfaction; winner of Arrington's Inn 
Traveler "Book of Lists" for three years: 2002-2005. 
Tastebuds Catering 
Hughes Springs, TX 
August 1996 — July 2001 
Owner/ Manager 
Developed strategic business plans, researched competition's products and senesces, with an active role in all aspects of culinary 
design. Managed the sales, marketing, business development, administrative and operational functions, which included accounting, 
staffing and delivery. 
• 
Created a local reputation for exceptional food, presentation and outstanding service; supervised food 
preparation for all events. 
• 
Made recommendations for other aspects of events, including decor, flowers, lighting, entertainment, 
music, valet, transportation, tents and equipment. 
• 
Responsible for recruiting and training new staff and supervising the existing staff so that a high level of 
service was provided to clients. Coordinated staff schedules (sous chefs, servers and table setters). 
• 
As primary contact for customer service, committed to understanding the needs of our clients, and 
tailored follow-up to ensure satisfaction. 
• 
Maintained inventories and equipment including, fleet maintenance of three vehicles. 
Education and Certification 
Safe Food Handling Permit, Texas Department of Health Retail Foods Division 
Bachelor of Biological Sciences, Texas A8dVI University 
Professional Memberships 
Domestic Estate Managers Association, Member 
Professional Association of Innkeepers International (PAII), Member 
Lion's Club International, Member 
Historic Jefferson Foundation, Board Member, 2001 — present 
Jefferson B&B Association, Treasurer 2001 — 2005 
Since 2000 
1998 
Laura K. Graham, page 2 
EFTA00587710

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587711.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587711.pdf
----------------------------------------
John Galleymore 
Email:
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE 
I am a focused and proactive person adopting a motivated and positive approach to all tasks, with a 
commitment to deliver the highest standards of service at all times. 
Key assets are my strong attention to detail, the ability to communicate with clients and staff at all 
levels and a natural ability to work under pressure. 
I believe I am a resourceful, organized and competent leader who motivates and encourages others 
to achieve team goals and objectives. 
EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS 
I RC SM 
Iraq Reconstruction Campaign Service Medal 
HNC: 
Higher National Certificate in Construction 
ONC: 
Ordinary National Certificate in Construction 
CITB: 
Indentured Apprenticeship (1988) 
PROFESSIONAL TRAINING 
• IOSH Construction Safety 
• MIRA (Medicine in Remote Areas) First Response Trauma Medic 
KEY I.T. SKILLS 
• 
Word, Excel, Internet & Outlook Email, MS Project 
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
• 
Served 3 years British Special Forces (21 SAS) 
CAREER SUMMARY (overview) 
2009-Present 
Executive Operations Manager, Private Estate/Private 
• Working directly for a major A-list celebrity / actor, running a 10 acre private estate on a private 
island in the British West Indies. The Estate consists of multiple properties. 
• Overseeing all aspects of work from daily maintenance tasks, new construction projects, 
security. 
• Guest liaison — ensuring the comfort and privacy of high-end guests, and the Principles family 
and friends, while in residence. 
• Responsible for overseeing on-site staff both permanent and casual. 
EFTA00587711
--- PAGE 2 ---
• Conferring with the Principle regarding construction, maintenance and future development of 
the Estate. 
• Sourcing and employing contractors and vendors and ensuring the most competitive costs are 
achieved. 
• Receiving and managing funds from the Principle and directly allocating funds and payments to 
contractors and staff after successful and satisfactory completion of works. 
• Utilizing 25 years of construction and management experience to foresee and predict potential 
property issues and then planning and executing the required projects. 
2008-2009 
Deputy Construction Manager/ Construction Site Manager, KBR-UK 
• Based within hostile environments in Iraq with responsibility for overseeing the construction of 
numerous secure and hardened structures made up of heavy steel frames and pumped reinforced 
concrete to withstand ongoing aggressive attacks 
• Providing management and support to a multi-national team of staff during a £90m project for 
the UK Ministry of Defence 
Achievements: 
• Successfully achieved the Corporate "Most Valued Person" Award for outstanding contribution 
to the project 
2007 
Project Manager, Parrot Cay Island 
• Undertaking high profile refurbishment projects on the homes of various clients including actor 
Bruce Willis, designer Donna Karen and musician Keith Richards for a prestigious local 
company in the British West Indies 
2006-2007 
Construction Manager, Molasses Reef 
• Managing and overseeing the construction of a $150m flagship Ritz-Carlton Reserve complex 
on West Caicos, an uninhabited island in the Caribbean 
• Implementing effective management and organisation of over 400 staff members, covering 22 
separate buildings including ground works, R.0 frame buildings, large scale concrete pumping, 
block work and timber & roof work 
• Ensuring all work is carried out in line with initial client specifications and completed to an 
exceptional high class interior and exterior finish 
• Maintaining strong communications with the Project Manager, Client Representatives, Site 
Engineers, Plant Contractors, Suppliers and other support staff to ensure high quality 
performance and production 
• Consistently planning ahead for the most fundamental issues that may occur and initiating a vast 
range of basic logistical items including new road layouts and fresh drinking water for all staff 
• Delivering relevant training to new and existing personnel and ensuring full compliance with all 
Health and Safety procedures and company legislations 
1997-2006 
UK Construction industry 
• Details available if requested 
INTERESTS AND ACTIVITIES 
EFTA00587712
--- PAGE 3 ---
Currently include: Marathon Running, Swimming, Free-Diving, Boating. SCUBA 
STATUS 
Married — no children 
British national 
Full driving license 
Pet friendly 
EFTA00587713

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587714.pdf
----------------------------------------
Conflict of Interest Guidelines for Global Secondment Program Participants 
Introduction 
This Annex describes the World Bank's rules and guidelines governing conflict of 
interest issues and notes specific guidelines which will be applied in the case of the Global 
Secondment Program. 
Relevant World Bank Rules and Guidelines 
An individual seconded to the World Bank through the Global Secondment Program is 
subject to the World Bank's Principles of Staff Employment, Staff Rules, and the Code of 
Professional Ethics for the duration of his/her appointment. The Staff Rules include provisions 
regarding conflicts of interest. A key provision stipulates that a staff member or former staff 
member who is in possession of non-public information obtained in the course of Bank Group 
employment shall not use such information in furtherance of a private interest or a private interest 
of any other person or entity [SR 3.01, para. 5.01]. This obligation continues after a Secondment 
staff member's separation from the service of the Bank Group. 
Further, staff members employed by the World Bank as part of the Global Secondment 
Program are subject to the following guidelines: 
U 
Secondment staff should be especially attentive to the policies and rules adopted by the 
World Bank Group relating to situations of conflict of interest, whether real or apparent, 
and to the obligation to serve with probity and integrity. 
U 
Secondment staff have a special responsibility to avoid situations and activities that 
might reflect adversely on the Bank Group or might compromise Bank Group operations 
or interests. 
U 
Secondment staff should be particularly careful with respect to the disclosure of 
confidential Bank Group information. They should not use confidential information 
related to the business of the Bank Group or acquired in the course of employment with 
the Bank Group to serve the interests, or for the benefit, of their host employer. 
U 
Secondment staff should not use their association or employment with the Bank Group to 
gain special favors or benefits for their host employer. 
U 
Secondment staff should not attempt to influence Bank Group officials on behalf of their 
host employer. 
U 
Secondment staff should not participate in any transaction of the Bank Group that 
involves a project or entity in which their host employer was, is, or intends to be 
involved. 
U 
Secondment staff should not participate in business solicitation activities from entities to 
which the Bank Group has provided, or is considering to provide, financing. 
EFTA00587714
--- PAGE 2 ---
Before assigning any activity to a Secondment staff, the Bank will review whether the 
activity poses any conflict of interest issues, which would make the Secondment staff member's 
participation in the activity inappropriate. The Bank expects Secondment staff, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, to disclose to the Bank any interests of their host employer within their 
actual knowledge which may entail a conflict of interest with their activities on behalf of the 
Bank. The Bank will also make sure that Secondment staff do not have access to any non-public 
information, which in the Bank's view would be impossible for them to maintain confidential 
when returning to their host employer. 
Without prejudice to the Guidelines enumerated above, the following principles will guide a 
Secondment staff member's work at the Bank: 
1) 
A Secondment staff member cannot work on the design or implementation of any program 
or project in which his or her host employer may have an interest in investing directly or in 
potential downstream contracts, if such work in the Bank's view could provide, or be perceived to 
provide, a preferential treatment or benefit to the host employer, including an opportunity to 
inappropriately influence the design of the program or project. 
2) 
The Bank and the Secondment staff member will use all reasonable efforts to ensure that 
the Secondment staff member is not put in a position where he/she could influence the design or 
implementation of a program or project to serve the interests of his/her host employer. 
3) 
In addition, the Bank and the Secondment staff member will use all reasonable efforts to 
ensure that the Secondment staff member is not put in a position where he/she would be expected 
to divulge to other Bank staff any information that is deemed to be confidential or company 
sensitive to the host employer. 
4) 
If a Secondment staff member is working on an assignment involving a competitor to the 
host employer, the Bank will disclose to the competitor where the Secondment staff member is 
seconded from and that as a Secondment staff member, he/she is representing the interests of the 
Bank, not the host employer, and that the Secondment staff member is subject to the guidelines in 
this Annex. If the competitor is not satisfied with arrangements regarding conflicts of interest, and 
these concerns are deemed legitimate by the Bank, the Bank will remove the Secondment staff 
member from working on the assignment. 
5) 
When a Secondment staff member returns to his/her host employer, the company will use 
its best efforts to post him/her in a position that makes it possible for him/her not to disclose 
confidential information gleaned from his/her assignments at the Bank. 
6) 
All materials — written, graphic, film, magnetic tap, or otherwise — produced or acquired by 
Secondment staff during his/her tenure as a staff member of the World Bank shall remain the 
property of the World Bank. The World Bank furthermore retains the exclusive right to publish 
or disseminate reports arising from such materials. The rights and duties provided for in this 
Annex, shall continue, notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement or the execution of its 
provisions. 
November 2009 
EFTA00587715

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587716.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587716.pdf
----------------------------------------
Conflict of Interest Guidelines for Global Secondment Program Participants 
Introduction 
This Annex describes the World Bank's rules and guidelines governing conflict of 
interest issues and notes specific guidelines which will be applied in the case of the Global 
Secondment Program. 
Relevant World Bank Rules and Guidelines 
An individual seconded to the World Bank through the Global Secondment Program is 
subject to the World Bank's Principles of Staff Employment, Staff Rules, and the Code of 
Professional Ethics for the duration of his/her appointment. The Staff Rules include provisions 
regarding conflicts of interest. A key provision stipulates that a staff member or former staff 
member who is in possession of non-public information obtained in the course of Bank Group 
employment shall not use such information in furtherance of a private interest or a private interest 
of any other person or entity [SR 3.01, para. 5.01]. This obligation continues after a Secondment 
staff member's separation from the service of the Bank Group. 
Further, staff members employed by the World Bank as part of the Global Secondment 
Program are subject to the following guidelines: 
U 
Secondment staff should be especially attentive to the policies and rules adopted by the 
World Bank Group relating to situations of conflict of interest, whether real or apparent, 
and to the obligation to serve with probity and integrity. 
U 
Secondment staff have a special responsibility to avoid situations and activities that 
might reflect adversely on the Bank Group or might compromise Bank Group operations 
or interests. 
U 
Secondment staff should be particularly careful with respect to the disclosure of 
confidential Bank Group information. They should not use confidential information 
related to the business of the Bank Group or acquired in the course of employment with 
the Bank Group to serve the interests, or for the benefit, of their host employer. 
U 
Secondment staff should not use their association or employment with the Bank Group to 
gain special favors or benefits for their host employer. 
U 
Secondment staff should not attempt to influence Bank Group officials on behalf of their 
host employer. 
U 
Secondment staff should not participate in any transaction of the Bank Group that 
involves a project or entity in which their host employer was, is, or intends to be 
involved. 
U 
Secondment staff should not participate in business solicitation activities from entities to 
which the Bank Group has provided, or is considering to provide, financing. 
EFTA00587716
--- PAGE 2 ---
Before assigning any activity to a Secondment staff, the Bank will review whether the 
activity poses any conflict of interest issues, which would make the Secondment staff member's 
participation in the activity inappropriate. The Bank expects Secondment staff, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, to disclose to the Bank any interests of their host employer within their 
actual knowledge which may entail a conflict of interest with their activities on behalf of the 
Bank. The Bank will also make sure that Secondment staff do not have access to any non-public 
information, which in the Bank's view would be impossible for them to maintain confidential 
when returning to their host employer. 
Without prejudice to the Guidelines enumerated above, the following principles will guide a 
Secondment staff member's work at the Bank: 
1) 
A Secondment staff member cannot work on the design or implementation of any program 
or project in which his or her host employer may have an interest in investing directly or in 
potential downstream contracts, if such work in the Bank's view could provide, or be perceived to 
provide, a preferential treatment or benefit to the host employer, including an opportunity to 
inappropriately influence the design of the program or project. 
2) 
The Bank and the Secondment staff member will use all reasonable efforts to ensure that 
the Secondment staff member is not put in a position where he/she could influence the design or 
implementation of a program or project to serve the interests of his/her host employer. 
3) 
In addition, the Bank and the Secondment staff member will use all reasonable efforts to 
ensure that the Secondment staff member is not put in a position where he/she would be expected 
to divulge to other Bank staff any information that is deemed to be confidential or company 
sensitive to the host employer. 
4) 
If a Secondment staff member is working on an assignment involving a competitor to the 
host employer, the Bank will disclose to the competitor where the Secondment staff member is 
seconded from and that as a Secondment staff member, he/she is representing the interests of the 
Bank, not the host employer, and that the Secondment staff member is subject to the guidelines in 
this Annex. If the competitor is not satisfied with arrangements regarding conflicts of interest, and 
these concerns are deemed legitimate by the Bank, the Bank will remove the Secondment staff 
member from working on the assignment. 
5) 
When a Secondment staff member returns to his/her host employer, the company will use 
its best efforts to post him/her in a position that makes it possible for him/her not to disclose 
confidential information gleaned from his/her assignments at the Bank. 
6) 
All materials — written, graphic, film, magnetic tap, or otherwise — produced or acquired by 
Secondment staff during his/her tenure as a staff member of the World Bank shall remain the 
property of the World Bank. The World Bank furthermore retains the exclusive right to publish 
or disseminate reports arising from such materials. The rights and duties provided for in this 
Annex, shall continue, notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement or the execution of its 
provisions. 
November 2009 
EFTA00587717

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587718.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587718.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hilary L. Walliser 
Tudor City Place 
New York, New York 10017 
Over 10 years of excellent customer and client services rapport with proficiency in computer and communication 
skills. Detail-oriented and knowledgeable professional. 
WORK EXPERIENCE: 
Oaktree Capital (Formerly Highstar Capital), New York, NY 
May 2014 
— 
Present 
Executive Assistant 
• 
Acts as a floater and performs any necessary functions relating to that for the entire firm. 
• 
Manage and execute detailed expense reports for finance. 
• 
Schedule and set up high level teleconference calls, activities, agenda, calendar requests, board and 
management meetings, slide presentations, and all international/domestic travel for C-Level suite and high 
ranking executives. 
• 
Plan and coordinate PR initiatives, business development events, partner retreats, holiday parties and more. 
Highstar Capital, New York, NY 
January 2012 — May 2014 
Executive Assistant 
• 
Managed and executed detailed expense reports for CEO/founding managing partner/COS and associates. 
• 
Scheduled the agenda, activities and extensive travel for CEO. 
• 
Acted as both assistant to CEO as well as floater for entire firm and reported to numerous teams consisting 
of the top tier executives. 
SOS Limited Temporary Agency, Hamilton, Bermuda 
March 2011 — January 2012 
Personal Assistant/Executive Assistant/Administrative Assistant 
• 
Provided administrative and personal support to managers with daily office projects. 
• 
Scheduled and assisted in meetings (including Government and Department of Tourism) and presentations, 
created agendas and took detailed or general overview meeting minutes. 
• 
Assisted in staffing and recruiting all incoming temp-to-perm employees. 
Arch Insurance Group, New York, NY and Jersey City, NJ 
December 2009 — January 2011 
Administrative Assistant 
• 
Scheduled and organized daily meetings and conference calls, managed and maintained calendar requests. 
• 
Reserved conference rooms, coordinated luncheons for traveling or home office employees. 
• 
Created and executed numerous projects using Excel, Word and PowerPoint, including project guide 
manuals for console usage and Iron Mountain process file room projects. 
Frank Crystal & Company, New York, NY 
September 2007 — November 2009 
Administrative Assistant 
• 
Provided extensive administrative support for the entire second largest privately-held retail brokerage firm. 
• 
Processed company invoices, statements and check requests for outside vendors. 
• 
Coordinated travel arrangements and itineraries for President/CEO. 
• 
Created marketing materials for client meetings. 
Lord and Taylor, New York, NY 
June 2006 — December 2009 
Sales Associate (Part-Time) 
• 
Organized and managed store inventory. 
• 
Telephoned and followed up with clientele daily. 
• 
Handled cash flow in register. 
• 
Attended to customers in dressing rooms and on floor. 
EFTA00587718
--- PAGE 2 ---
SKILLS. 
Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), Quick Books, Adobe Photoshop, POS software. 
EDUCATION: 
Johnson & Wales University, September 2006 — May 2007 
EFTA00587719

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587720.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587720.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONTRIBUTION AND 
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
by and between 
Trustees of APO-01 Declaration 
and 
AP Narrows LP 
Dated: 
, 2016 
EFTA00587720
--- PAGE 2 ---
CONTRIBUTION AND SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
This CONTRIBUTION AND SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
("Agreement") is made and entered into as of 
, 2016 by and 
between Barry J. Cohen and John J. Hannan, as Trustees (the "APO-01 Trustees") of the 
trust created under the APO-01 DECLARATION dated November 30, 2015 between 
Leon D. Black, as Grantor, and the APO-01 Trustees (the "Subscriber") and AP 
NARROWS LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the "Partnership").
RECITALS 
WHEREAS, the Subscriber owns the property as set forth in Schedule A 
(the "Property");
WHEREAS, the Subscriber desires to contribute all of its interest in the 
Property to the Partnership, as a capital contribution (the "Art Contribution"); 
WHEREAS, the Subscriber owns an interest in the entities listed on 
Schedule B (the "Investment Entities")• 
WHEREAS, the Subscriber desires to contribute all of its interest in the 
Investment Entities to the Partnership, as a capital contribution (the "Investment Entities 
Contribution " the Art Contribution and the Investment Entities Contribution, 
collectively, the "Initial Contribution") in exchange for a limited partnership interest in 
the Partnership; 
WHEREAS, the Subscriber will make an additional capital contribution to 
the Partnership of up to Two Hundred Million Dollars ($200,000,000), payable from time 
to time, in immediately available funds, in such amount(s) and upon such date(s) as shall 
be specified by the Class A General Partner of the Partnership in a written notice (a 
"Notice") to the Subscriber (the "Capital Commitment") with each such payment (an 
"Additional Capital Contribution") to be treated as a capital contribution by the 
Subscriber; and 
WHEREAS, as a result of the Initial Contribution and any Additional 
Capital Contribution, the Subscriber will have an interest (the "Percentage Interest") in 
the Partnership, determined from time to time at such time or times as capital 
contributions are made, as provided in Sections 2.1, 3.1 and 3.2 of the Limited 
Partnership Agreement of the Partnership, dated February 24, 2015 (the "LP 
Agreement").
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the 
agreements set forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
1. 
Initial Contribution. The Subscriber hereby contributes, assigns, 
transfers, conveys and delivers the Property and the Investment Entities to the Partnership 
EFTA00587721
--- PAGE 3 ---
and the Partnership hereby accepts delivery from the Subscriber of the Property and the 
Investment Entities and agrees to update the Subscriber's Percentage Interest in the 
Partnership in accordance with Section 3.2 of the LP Agreement. 
2. 
Capital Commitment. The Subscriber hereby makes the Capital 
Commitment to the Partnership and agrees to make each Additional Capital Contribution 
in accordance with the timing and amount specified in each Notice and the Partnership 
agrees to update the Subscriber's Percentage Interest in the Partnership in accordance 
with Section 3.2 of the LP Agreement. 
3. 
Joinder. The Subscriber hereby approves, adopts and agrees to be 
bound by all the provisions of the LP Agreement, with the same force and effect as, and 
as if, the Subscriber originally was a Limited Partner thereof. 
4. 
Representations and Warranties. 
(a) 
The Subscriber is a validly existing trust under the laws of 
the State of New York and the APO-01 Trustees have the legal authority to act on behalf 
of the Subscriber in connection with this Agreement and an investment in the Partnership. 
(b) 
The Subscriber has the financial means to meet its 
obligations under this Agreement. 
(c) 
The Subscriber has been advised to consult with its own 
legal and tax advisors concerning an investment in the Partnership and has done so to the 
extent the Subscriber has deemed necessary. 
(d) 
There are no representations or warranties, express or 
implied, made by either party hereto with respect to or in connection with the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement other than those contained in this Section 4. 
5. 
Notices. All notices or other communications made with respect to 
this Agreement shall be made in writing and delivered as follows: 
If to the Partnership: 
Bradley J. Wechsler 
C/o Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401 
New York, New York 10022 
If to the Subscriber, to the address of record for the Subscriber as 
listed on the books and records of the Partnership. 
6. 
Amendments and Waivers. Any provision of this Agreement may 
only be amended or waived if such amendment or waiver is in writing and is signed, in 
EFTA00587722
--- PAGE 4 ---
the case of an amendment, by each party to this Agreement, or in the case of a waiver, by 
the party against whom the waiver is to be effective. No failure or delay by any party in 
exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor 
shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof 
or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein 
provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by 
law. 
7. 
Successors and Assigns; No Third Party Beneficiary. Each 
reference herein to any party hereto shall be deemed to include its successors and assigns, 
all of whom shall be bound and benefited by the provisions of this Agreement. Nothing 
in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended or shall be construed to confer upon, or 
give to, any person, firm, corporation or other entity other than the parties hereto and 
their respective successors and assigns any remedy or claim under or by reason of this 
Agreement or any terms, covenants or conditions hereof, and all of the terms, covenants, 
conditions, promises and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole 
and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
8. 
GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS 
AND OBLIGATIONS (BOTH SUBSTANTIVE AND PROCEDURAL) OF THE 
PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND 
BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS (WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICT 
OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF) OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE. 
9. 
Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire 
agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
10. 
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an 
original and both of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
EFTA00587723
--- PAGE 5 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have hereto set their hands 
as of the day and year first written above. 
APO-01 DECLARATION 
By: 
Barry J. Cohen, Trustee 
By: 
John J. Hannan, Trustee 
AP NARROWS LP: 
By: Narrows Holdings LLC, its Class A General Partner 
By: 
Leon D. Black, Sole Member and Authorized 
Person 
Contribution and Subscription Agee:nein by and between APO.01 Declaration and Al' Nanows LP 
Deed,: UM:1046713cl 
EFTA00587724
--- PAGE 6 ---
Schedule A 
See Attachment 
Contribution and Subscription Agree:nen, by and between APO.01 MC12/311011 and Al' Nanows LP 
EFTA00587725
--- PAGE 7 ---
Schedule B 
Contribution and Subscription Agree:nen, by and between APO.01 MC12/311011 and Al' Nanows LP 
EFTA00587726

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587727.pdf
----------------------------------------
TRUSTEES RESOLUTION 
APO-01 DECLARATION 
The undersigned, representing all of the Trustees (the "Trustees") of 
the trust created under Clause FIRST of the APO-01 Declaration (the "APO-01 
Trust") made by the Trustees pursuant to a Declaration of Trust dated as of 
November 30, 2015 (the "Declaration"), do hereby resolve in relation to the APO-01 
Trust, as follows: 
CONSIDERED: 
The Trustees considered: 
1. That the current beneficiaries (the "Beneficiaries") of the 
APO-01 Trust are the spouse and descendants of Leon D. 
Black ("Leon"). 
2. The provisions of the Declaration and the Trustees' 
broad authority to pay trust income and principal to the 
Beneficiaries or alternatively to an existing trust or a new 
trust to be created by any person at any time for the 
benefit of the Beneficiaries. 
3. That Leon created a new trust (the "APO-B Trust") by 
and between himself, as grantor, and Bradley J. 
Wechsler, as trustee (the "APO-B Trustee") for the 
benefit of the Beneficiaries. 
4. That Leon created the APO-B Trust to effect further 
estate planning transfers for the benefit of the 
Beneficiaries. 
5. That the APO-B Trustee has requested funds to enable 
the APO-B Trust to purchase a Class B General Partner 
interest in AP Narrows LP (the "Interest").
6. The purchase price of the Interest. 
EFTA00587727
--- PAGE 2 ---
RESOLUTION: 
RESOLVED, that, pursuant to the authority granted to them in 
Clause FIRST and Clause FOURTH (D) of the Declaration, the 
Trustees will make a distribution to the APO-B Trustee equal to 
the purchase price of the Interest as finally determined. 
DETERMINATION: 
In accordance with the authority granted to them in the 
Declaration, the Trustees have determined that the aforesaid 
distribution is in the best interests of the Beneficiaries. 
COUNTERPARTS: 
This Trustees Resolution may be signed in counterparts, which, 
taken together, may constitute an original instrument, and 
facsimile copies may be acceptable as originals, and shall be 
effective upon the signing of all Trustees. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Trustees have executed 
this Trustees Resolution to be effective as of 
, 2016 
John J. Hannan, Trustee 
Barry J. Cohen, Trustee 
The foregoing Trustees Resolution was Recorded and Filed with the Books and 
Records of the APO-01 Declaration: 
By: 
Ada Clapp 
Date: 
Trustees Revolution APO-0l Declaration - Distribution to APO-B mist 
EFTA00587728

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587729.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587729.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, P.C. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
PARK PLAZA.SUITE 1008 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
RAMON, MASSACHUSETTS 02116 
Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71St St 
New York, NY 
November 3, 2016 
INVOICE FOR LEGAL SERVICES 
For legal work from October 1, 2016 through October 31, 2016 including review and 
editing of SDNY pleadings and replies to GM pleadings re Fifth Amendment issues, 
reading case law, review of all SDNY and SD Fla filings re Fifth Amendment issues, 
review of underlying documents establishing validity of Fifth Amendment, review of act 
of production issues, TC DKI, emails with JE and KR re response to media, preparation 
for 11-3 (now 11-10-16 hearing), drafting of argument notes for hearing. KH hours for 
drafting and editing DKI drafts re motions to file under seal, opposition to GM pleadings, 
finalizing pleadings for SDNY 
Martin Weinberg 
hrs 00 min @ $1000 p/h 
Kimberly Homan 
hrs 30 min @ $ 500 p/h 
Total Balance through November 1, 2016 
Yours Truly 
Martin G Weinberg 
$ 20,000.00 
$ 7,775.00 
$ 27,775.00 
EFTA00587729

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587730.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587730.pdf
----------------------------------------
LETTER OF INTENT 
THIS AIRCRAFT LETTER OF INTENT is made as of April 20, 2015 
BETWEEN 
(1) 
WINDSTAR CAPITAL CORPORATION, a company organized and existing under 
the laws of the Cayman Islands , together with it's successors and/or assigns (the 
"SELLER") and 
(2) 
JEGE Inc, a company organized and existing under the laws of the State of New York, 
USA (the "BUYER") 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, IT IS AGREED as follows. 
Subject to the Parties executing a definitive Aircraft Purchase and Sale Agreement, Seller 
desires to sell, and Buyer desires to purchase the Boeing BBJ aircraft, Production number YD-
404 , Registration Number OE-ILX together with two (2) GE CFM56-7B27 engines, serial 
numbers 888428 and 888429 and Honeywell GTCP131-9B APU, serial number P-5991, and all 
avionics and accessories therein, including, without limitation, Four (4) auxiliary fuel tanks 
installed by PATS, together with all aircraft maintenance records, pilot's operation handbook, 
engine and airframe logbook and auxiliary power unit logbook, all of which shall be current, 
complete and continuous from the date of manufacture through the date of closing of the Aircraft 
sale and purchase transaction between the Parties ("Closing"), including any and all equipment 
specified in that certain Purchase Agreement No.  
 between The Boeing 
Company and Seller dated as of 
, and all side letters and letter agreements 
thereto (the "Boeing Contract") (collectively referred to as the "Aircraft" ). The purchase price 
to be paid for the Aircraft shall be U.S. $25,000,000 (Twenty-Five Million U.S. Dollars) 
inclusive of the Full Deposit (as defined below) PLUS Clear Title to Boeing 727-100 SIN 20115 
Registration No: N-908JE ( The trade-In aircraft ) Seller and Buyer intend that Seller shall sell 
and that Buyer shall purchase the Aircraft on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, but 
subject to and only upon the execution of a definitive Aircraft Purchase and Sale Agreement 
between the Parties: 
1. 
KpLan execution of this LOI by the Parties, but no later than April 24, 2015 at 3 
M. Central Time, Buyer shall deposit the sum of US$1,000,000 (One Million 
U.S. Dollars) (the "Initial Deposit") at AIC Title Service, LLC, Oklahoma City, 
Oklahoma ("Escrow Agent"). Seller shall provide Buyer with a draft Aircraft 
Purchase and Sale Agreement, containing the terms and conditions herein and 
terms and conditions customary for transactions of the nature contemplated 
hereby, which the Parties shall execute no later than May 8, 2015. Escrow fees 
shall be split equally between Buyer and Seller. The Initial Deposit shall be fully 
refundable to Buyer, at its sole discretion, until the execution of a definitive 
Aircraft Purchase and Sale Agreement between the Parties in respect of the 
Aircraft. 
Subject to the Parties executing such Aircraft Purchase and Sale 
Agreement, the Initial Deposit shall be increased by US$3,000,000 (Three Million 
NY-715906 v2 
EFTA00587730
--- PAGE 2 ---
U.S. Dollars) (the "Full Deposit"). The Full Deposit of US$4,000,000 (Four 
Million U.S. Dollars) by shall become non-refundable by the end of business, 
Eastern Time, on the date both parties execute such Aircraft Purchase and Sale 
Agreement, except as otherwise provided therein including, without limitation, in 
the event of a total loss of the Aircraft prior to Closing. 
2. 
On or prior to May 15, 2015, Buyer, at Buyer's cost, shall perform a Pre-Purchase 
Inspection of the Aircraft of a scope set forth in the Aircraft Purchase and Sale 
Agreement at an Inspection Facility in Western Europe to be agreed between the 
Parties. Seller shall position the Aircraft to such inspection facility at Seller's cost 
on or prior to such date. The Closing of the sale and purchase of the Aircraft shall 
be subject to Buyer's satisfaction in its sole discretion with the results of the Pre-
Purchase Inspection and the rectification by Seller at Seller's cost of all 
discrepancies noted by Buyer in the Pre-Purchase Inspection. 
3. 
Closing shall take place within five (5) business days after the later of Seller's 
rectification, at Seller's cost, of all discrepancies noted by Buyer in the Pre-
Purchase Inspection or, if no discrepancies are noted, upon Buyer's technical 
acceptance of the Aircraft without requiring the rectification of any discrepancies, 
or such other later date as may be agreed in writing between the Parties, in 
exchange for delivery at a location to be set forth in the definitive Aircraft 
Purchase and Sale Agreement of, and transfer of title to, the Aircraft from Seller 
to Buyer in accordance with the following: 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
The Aircraft will be transferred "as is, where is," subject to Seller's 
obligation to rectify at its cost any and all discrepancies noted in the Pre-
Purchase Inspection. 
Title to the Aircraft will be transferred by both an FAA Bill of Sale and a 
warranty Bill of Sale from Seller in favour of Buyer in a form to be agreed 
in the definitive Aircraft Purchase and Sale Agreement conveying good, 
marketable, legal, and valid title, free and clear of all liens and 
encumbrances, which Bills of Sale shall be placed with the Escrow Agent 
prior to Closing. 
At Closing the Aircraft shall be delivered to Buyer with all original engine 
and airframe logbooks and records, true and complete, continuous, up to 
date and accurate, wiring diagrams, life vests, life rafts, spare parts and 
loose equipment and with all mandatory Service Bulletins and 
Airworthiness Directives compiled with, and including any and all 
equipment specified in the Boeing Contract, and the documents and/or 
materials delivered by Boeing and PATS. 
(d) 
At Closing Buyer shall deliver to Seller an executed delivery receipt, the 
form of which shall be as provided in the definitive Aircraft Purchase and 
Sale Agreement. 
- 2 - 
EFTA00587731
--- PAGE 3 ---
(e) 
At Closing, the Aircraft shall be delivered at Seller's expense, with a 
current U.S. Registration, an Austrian Certificate of Airworthiness for 
Export to a country to be designated by Buyer and all documents 
necessary to effect the Austrian deregistration of the Aircraft; 
(0 
At Closing, Seller shall deliver to Buyer a complete copy of the 
documentation for the installation and future operation of the auxiliary 
fuel tanks by PATS and a written assignment and transfer of any and all 
transferable warranties related thereto by PATS, 
4. 
Upon the Buyer's Initial Deposit of US$1,000,000 (One Million U.S. Dollars), 
Seller will remove the Aircraft from the market and will not market or advertise, 
or permit any other person or entity to market or advertise, the Aircraft as being 
available for purchase to any person or entity including prospective buyers. 
5. 
The terms and conditions of this LOI shall remain confidential and Seller and 
Buyer agree not to divulge any terms or conditions of this LOI to any parties other 
than the contractual partners and their respective lawyers, bankers, accountants 
and agents either prior or subsequent to the delivery of the Aircraft, except to the 
extent required to perform each of their respective obligations as contained herein 
or as required by applicable law. 
6. 
The terms and conditions contained in this LOI are intended to be an outline of 
certain of each Party's proposed requirements for the contemplated purchase and 
sale transaction covering the Aircraft. The obligations of Buyer and Seller are 
subject to the execution of a definitive Aircraft Purchase and Sale Agreement 
between the Parties in respect of the Aircraft in form and substance satisfactory in 
all respects to Buyer and Seller (and each of its respective counsel). Each of the 
Parties acknowledges and agrees that in the event that a definitive Aircraft 
Purchase and Sale Agreement in respect of the Aircraft is not, for whatever 
reason, executed by the Parties by May 8, 2015, unless mutually extended by 
written agreement, the validity of this LOI shall lapse and thereafter neither Party 
shall have any liability to the other Party at law or in equity in relation to the LOI 
or the Aircraft, and the Escrow Agent shall promptly refund the Initial Deposit to 
the Buyer. 
7. 
Upon execution of this LOI, the Seller will provide the Buyer with all technical 
specifications of the Aircraft. 
8. 
This LOI shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
State of Switzerland and the Parties agree to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the 
Courts of the city of Geneve, in order to resolve and settle any and all disputes 
which may arise under this LOI and which may not have been able to be amicably 
solved by and between the Parties. 
This LOI may be executed simultaneously in one (I) or more counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same LOI. Delivery 
- 3 - 
EFTA00587732
--- PAGE 4 ---
of an executed counterpart of this LOI by facsimile transmission shall be deemed effective 
delivery of an originally executed counterpart. Any Party delivering an executed counterpart of 
this Agreement by facsimile transmission shall also deliver an originally executed counterpart; 
provided however, the failure of any Party to deliver an originally executed counterpart of this 
Agreement shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of this LOI. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this LOI to be executed by 
representatives as of the day and year first above written. 
For the Seller : 
WINDSTAR CAPITAL CORPORATION 
By: 
Its: 
For the Buyer: 
PLAN, D, LLC 
By: 
Authorized Signatory 
-4-
EFTA00587733

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587734.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587734.pdf
----------------------------------------
I First Bank 
Virgin islands 
Po Box 309600 
St Thomas. VI 00803.9600 
Telciphone 
WIRE TRANSFER INFORMATION 
TO: 
All Account Holders 
RE: 
Wire Transfer instructions to your remitting financial institution for the movement of funds to your 
account at FirstBank in the U.S. Virgin Islands 
The following instructions are to be used when initiating a wire transfer: 
HAVE YOUR BANK SEND FUNDS TO : FirstBank, Puerto Rico 
ABA 221571473 
FOR CREDIT TO: 
PO Box 9146 
1519 Ponce De Leon Avenue 
Santurce, PR 00908 
Account Name: 
Account I 
Firsliitank Virgin Islands is a division of FirsiBank Puerto Rico 
V1131% Inc 
NNNt4.2260.0203R 
EFTA00587734

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587735.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587735.pdf
----------------------------------------
1First Bank 
Virgin Islands 
PO Box 309600 
St Thomas. VI 00803.9600 
Telephone 
WIRE TRANSFER INFORMATION 
TO: 
All Account Holders 
RE: 
Wire Transfer instructions to your remitting financial institution for the movement of funds to your 
account at FirstBank in the U.S. Virgin Islands 
The following instructions are to be used when initiating a wire transfer: 
HAVE YOUR BANK SEND FUNDS TO : FirstBank, Puerto Rico 
ABA 221571473 
FOR CREDIT TO: 
PO Box 9146 
1519 Ponce De Leon Avenue 
Santurce, PR 00908 
Account Name: 
Account # 
FirsMonk Virgin Islands is a division of FirsiBank Puerto Rico 
VIRT. Inc 
NNNt4.22604203R 
EFTA00587735

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587736.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587736.pdf
----------------------------------------
[Please use company letterhead and sign] 
DRAFT 
December 2, 2014 
Joi Ito 
Director 
MIT Media Lab 
c/o Marissa Wozniak 
Massachusetts Avenue, E14-245 
Cambridge, MA 02139 
Dear Joi, 
In appreciation of the work being done at the MIT Media Lab, I hereby inform you of an 
unrestricted gift of $5 million from the Leon Black Family Foundation to support your 
ongoing initiatives. 
$1 million will be paid immediately and the remaining $4 million will be paid by 
December 31, 2015. These funds will be wired from our Foundation account to the MIT 
Media Lab account at Bank of America. 
With best wishes for the future, 
Leon D. Black 
President 
EFTA00587736

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587737.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587737.pdf
----------------------------------------
LETTER OF INTENT 
For the purchase of 1999 Boeing Business Jet aircraft bearing Manufacturer's Serial No. 
30751 and U.S. Registration No. N737L (hereinafter the "Aircraft"), plus installed engines, 
records and accessories 
Avioneta Holdings LLC ("Purchaser") hereby submits the following letter of intent ("LOI") to 
purchase the Aircraft from Seller upon the following terms and conditions. 
I. The purchase price tendered for the Aircraft is: Twenty Seven Million US Dollars 
($27,000,000). 
2. Purchaser offers to purchase the Aircraft from Seller in the following condition: (i) being 
free and clear of all liens and encumbrances; (ii) in airworthy condition, with 
Airworthiness Directives and mandatory Service Bulletins fully complied with, (iii) with 
flight systems fully operational; (iv) being enrolled and current on the manufacturers' 
recommended maintenance program, (v) with records, logs, schematics, manuals, and 
wiring diagrams in the Seller's possession; and (vi) with accessories in owners possession 
belonging to the Aircraft. 
3. Not later than three (3) business days after Seller accepts this LOI, Purchaser shall tender 
a good faith deposit in the amount of Two Million Seven Hundred Thousand United 
States Dollars ($2,700,000) (the "Deposit") in escrow with Insured Aircraft Title Service, 
Inc., Oklahoma City, Oklahoma (the "Escrow Agent"). The Deposit shall be refundable 
and held by Escrow Agent. Fees payable to the Escrow Agent shall be shared equally 
between Purchaser and Seller. 
4. Not later than five (5) business days after Seller accepts this LOI, Purchaser shall deliver 
to Seller a draft Aircraft Sales Agreement containing terms consistent with those 
provided herein and other mutally acceptable terms and provisions. Seller and Purchaser 
shall use reasonable efforts to execute and a mutually agreeable Aircraft Sales Agreement 
not later than ten (10) business days after Seller accepts this LOI. The purchase and sale 
of the Aircaft shall be subject to the terms and conditions of said mutually acceptable 
Aircraft Sales Agreement and to Seller's and Purchaser's execution of the same within 
such ten (10) business day period, failing which this LOI shall be terminated and without 
any further force and effect, the Deposit shall promptly be returned to Purchaser, and 
neither party shall have any further rights or obligations under this LOI. 
The Aircraft 
Sales Agreement shall supersede the provisions of this LOI. 
5. Not later than twelve (12) business days after Seller accepts this LOI, Purchaser shall 
commence an inspection of the Aircraft and its records at a mutually agreeable location 
(the "Pre-Purchase Inspection"). The inspection shall be at the expense of Purchaser 
and shall be completed within five (5) business days. Positioning the Aircaft to the 
mutually agreeable inspection location shall be at the expense of Seller. Correction of 
airworthiness discrepancies identified during the Pre-Purchase Inspection shall be at 
Seller's expense. 
EFTA00587737
--- PAGE 2 ---
Not later than two (2) business days after the completion of the Pre-Purchase Inspection, 
Purchaser in its sole discretion shall execute and deliver to Seller a rejection or technical 
acceptance of the Aircraft. A technical acceptance of the Aircraft may be subject to 
Seller's correction at its expense of discrepancies noted during the Pre-Purchase 
Inspection. If Purchaser rejects the Aircraft or fails to return a technical acceptance of the 
Aircraft within such two (2) business day period, then the Deposit shall promptly be 
returned to Purchaser, and neither party hereto shall have any further rights or obligations 
under this LOI or the Aircraft Sales Agreement. If Purchaser accepts the Aircraft, and 
the parties execute a mutually acceptable Aircraft Sales Agreement, within the time 
periods provided above, then the Deposit shall immediately become NON-
REFUNDABLE, subject to Seller's performance under the terms of the Aircraft Sales 
Agreement. 
6. Closing shall occur at a mutually agreeable location not later than four (4) business days 
after Sellers correction to Purchaser's satisfaction of the discrepancies noted during the 
Pit-Purchase Inspection. The costs of any movement of the Aircraft for any reason 
including the delivery shall be at the expense of the Seller. 
If this LOI is acceptable, please sign a copy and return it by email to Purchaser 
Purchaser: 
Seller: 
Avioneta Holdings LLC 
AVJET Corporation 
Email: 
By: Richard Joslin 
By: Brian Dunnigan 
Its: Authorized Representative 
Its: 
Dated: December , 2014 
Dated: 
EFTA00587738

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587739.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587739.pdf
----------------------------------------
New Methods Project - 
v. 1.0, September 5, 2014 
Design Specs: 
Provisional Title: 
Foundational Questions in Measurement (FQM) 
Primary purpose and justification: 
Human progress hinges closely upon the ability to comprehend new realities. An 
important driver of comprehension is the apprehension and ordering of 
information. Many of the topics of interest to Sir John Templeton suffer from a lack 
of conceptual progress because terms and concepts are fuzzy and subjective 
(including realities such as creativity, imagination, joy, passion, the divine, belief, 
virtue, love, freedom, hope, and genius, to name but a few). The goal of this project is 
to discover new ways of clarifying, via new measures and techniques, the essential 
essence of these forces and concepts. Such new measures and techniques are 
intended to help to create new kinds of rigor needed for progress for spiritual 
realities. 
Project Management 
Outsourced as part of the grant, with a 12-person steering committee (4 in each of 
the 3 areas below) overseeing the RFP launch and selection of winning projects, 
supported by a two-person project management team based at an administrative 
hub (location to be determined- candidates include Santa Fe, Penn, and Yale). 
Core Exploration areas: 
1) Causality and System Dynamics: 
Example question: How can we better measure and comprehend complex 
interrelationships in real social and biological systems? 
2) Workings of the Mind: 
Example question: What are novel and better ways to measure qualifies such 
as joy, love, and imagination? 
3) New Techniques: 
Example question: What are some novel and better ways in increase 
comprehensions of God and the divine? 
Basic Structure: 
Four Stage process: Application: What is your Problem? (July-August) 
Work: Creation of new measures (August-Feb) 
Work: Broader testing of new measures (Feb-June) 
Gathering: New measures "hackathon" (July) 
EFTA00587739
--- PAGE 2 ---
Financial Incentives: 
Yearly (2 years): 
Up to 20 awards in each of the three areas above for creation of new measures, 
averaging at @$10k =$600k 
Up to 10 awards in each of the three areas above for broader testing, averaging at 
$25k= $750k 
Meeting: 30 people at 3k = 90k 
Total direct incentives: $1.44MM pa, 42.88MM 
Other financial costs: 
Project launch, management, promotion and overhead: = $2MM 
Promotion and outreach advisors: 
• 
Barry Nalebuff 
• 
Steve Jurvetson 
• 
Howard Morgan 
• 
Peter Diamandis 
• 
Henry Timms 
• 
Martin Seligman 
• 
Jeff Walker 
• 
Possible Project advisors: 
• 
Geoffrey West 
• 
Joi Ito 
• 
John Cacioppo 
• 
Howard Nausbaum 
• 
Martin Nowak 
• 
Gunter Wagner 
• 
Judea Perl 
• 
Marc Kirschner 
EFTA00587740

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587741.pdf
----------------------------------------
ernier 2, 2013 
To Whom It May Concern: 
I am delighted to recommem 
EFTA00587741

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587742.pdf
----------------------------------------
.2.Shimon Post 
.07'w 
March, 2011 
Article 1. 
Presidential News Bulletin 
Article 2. 
Article 3. 
The Wall Street Journal 
The Collapse of Internationalism 
Daniel Henninger
Guardian 
Germany can show reborn Arab nations the art of 
overcoming a difficult past 
Timothy Garton Ash 
Guardian 
The fate of the Arabs will be settled in Egypt, not 
Libya 
Seumas Milne 
Article 4. 
Article 5. 
Foreign Affairs 
Why the Al Saud Dynasty Will Remain 
F. Gregory Gause Ill 
Center for Strategic and International Studies 
The Revolution Will Not Be Televised 
Jon Alterman 
Article 6. Time 
Silent No More: The Women of the Arab Revolutions 
Carla Power 
EFTA00587742
--- PAGE 2 ---
The Wall Street Journal 
The Collapse of Internationalism 
Daniel Henninger 
March 17, 2011 - Not the 28 members of NATO, not the 15-member 
M. Security Council, not the 22 nations of the Arab League could 
save Libya's rebels from being obliterated by the mad and murderous 
Moammar Gadhafi. The world has just watched the collapse of 
internationalism. 
The world's self-professed keepers of international order, from 
Brussels to Turtle Bay, huffed and puffed, talked and threatened. And 
they failed. Utterly. 
But what we've watched is not merely the failure of the gauzy notion 
of "internationalism." It's more specific than that. What has collapsed 
here is the modern Democratic Party's new foreign-policy 
establishment. 
Barack Obama is the first Democratic president to assemble a 
foreign-policy team made up entirely of intellectuals who for years 
have developed a counter-thesis to the policies of presidents 
extending back to John F. Kennedy. We are in a "post-American 
world," they have argued, in which the U.S. is obliged to pursue its 
interests in concert with the rest of the world's powers, never alone. 
The uprisings against autocracies in 10 separate Middle Eastern 
countries, a crisis inherited from no one, was their real-world test. In 
Egypt, they fumbled. In Libya, they have failed. 
The poster boy for this internationalist view is White House deputy 
Ben Rhodes, who told a reporter last week: "This is the Obama 
conception of the U.S. role in the world—to work through 
multilateral organizations and bilateral relationships to make sure that 
the steps we are taking are amplified." 
EFTA00587743
--- PAGE 3 ---
Days later, bemused Libyan rebel spokesman Essam Gheriani 
remarked in Benghazi: "Everyone here is puzzled as to how many 
casualties the international community judges to be enough for them 
to help. Maybe we should start committing suicide to reach the 
required number." Mr. Rhodes' view isn't just briefingspeak. The new 
Democratic theory of the proper U.S. role in the world was 
articulated in a July 2008 document, "Strategic Leadership: 
Framework for a 21st Century National Security Strategy." It 
described itself as "an intellectual and policy blueprint for the next 
administration." 
Its authors included James B. Steinberg, who is now Mr. Obama's 
deputy secretary of state; No Daalder, now U.S. ambassador to 
NATO; and Anne-Marie Slaughter, until a month ago the State 
Department's director of policy planning. Susan Rice, who is now our 
ambassador to the United Nations, wrote the preface. 
Their blueprint, a tour of the world's regions, counsels constant 
multilateral cooperation, institution-building and consultation. While 
it admits U.S. preeminence, it is largely a meditation on the limits of 
American power and authority. This is the document's final, 
summarizing sentence: "And such [U.S.] leadership recognizes that in 
a world in which power has diffused, our interests are best protected 
and advanced when others step up and at times lead alongside or even 
ahead of us." 
In the Middle East, no one has stepped up, no one is leading 
alongside and our allies are in the rear, accomplishing nothing while 
they wait for . . . America. 
This was a test case, and what we have seen is that a world in which 
the U.S. doesn't unmistakably lead is a world that spins its wheels, 
and eventually the wheels start to come off. When the U.S. instructs 
the Saudis not to intervene in Bahrain, and the Saudi army does 
precisely the opposite, the wheels are coming off the international 
EFTA00587744
--- PAGE 4 ---
order. In an op-ed piece for the New York Times this week, "Fiddling 
While Libya Burns," the recently departed State Department planner 
Anne-Marie Slaughter wrote a cri de coeur on behalf of doing 
something for Libya. "The United States and Europe are temporizing 
on a no-flight zone," she wrote. It was a remarkable call to action—
until the final two paragraphs. She concludes that the U.S. "should 
ask the Security Council to authorize a no-flight zone," (by asking 
Russia and China to abstain). If that works, then with the Arab 
League, we "should assemble an international coalition to impose the 
no-flight zone." Finally, failing all that, we should work with the 
Arab League to give the Libyan opposition "any assistance it 
requests." 
But Benghazi will be dead by the time this calibration grinds down to 
Ms. Slaughter's bottom line. After Mr. Obama met with his national 
security team Tuesday, with Gadhafi one demolished town from 
Benghazi, the White House said, "The President instructed his team 
to continue to fully engage in the discussions at the United Nations, 
NATO and with partners and organizations in the region." Barack 
Obama is following their blueprint to a tee. 
In a better world, James Steinberg, No Daalder and Susan Rice 
would join Ms. Slaughter in resigning and calling for action to save 
Benghazi from outside the government. Being inside is manifestly 
useless. They are defaulting the U.S. into a dangerous irrelevance. 
Libyan rebel commander Mohammed Abdallah, in bombed-out 
Ajdabiya, put the spike into them Tuesday: "The hands of the 
international community are covered in blood." But the "international 
community" was never much more than a academic abstraction, and 
blood, as always, can be washed off. 
Daniel Henninger is Deputy Editorial Page Director of the Wall 
Street Journal and a Fox News contributor. 
EFTA00587745
--- PAGE 5 ---
Anicic 2. 
Guardian 
Germany can show reborn Arab nations 
the art of overcoming a difficult past 
Timothy Garton Ash 
March 2011 - Like it or not, Germany still provides the global 
benchmark for political evil. Hitler is the devil of a secularised 
Europe. Nazism and the Holocaust are comparisons people reach for 
everywhere. Godwin's Law, named after the American free speech 
lawyer Mike Godwin, famously states that "as an online discussion 
continues, the probability of a reference or comparison to Hitler or to 
Nazis approaches 1". 
That is something today's Germans have to live with. But there is a 
brighter side to this coin. For out of the experience of dealing with 
two dictatorships — one fascist, one communist — contemporary 
Germany offers the gold standard for dealing with a difficult past. 
Modern German has characteristically long words such as 
Geschichtsaufarbeitung and Vergangenheitsbewaltigung to describe 
this complex process of dealing with, working through and even (the 
latter implies) "overcoming" the past. Using skills and methods 
developed to deal with the Nazi legacy, and honed on the Stasi one, 
no one has done it better. Just as there are the famous DIN standards 
— German industrial norms for many manufactured products — so 
there are DIN standards for past-beating. 
Arab nations, struggling to emerge from years of darkness under their 
own dictators, can therefore learn from Germany. Besides the 
important business of restitution and compensation to victims, past-
beating usually takes three main forms: trials, purges and history 
lessons. 
EFTA00587746
--- PAGE 6 ---
Our contemporary ideas about putting leaders on trial for "crimes 
against humanity" can be traced back to the Nuremberg trials of Nazi 
leaders. While Nuremberg set an important precedent, it had two big 
flaws: the "crimes against humanity" for which people were being 
tried had not explicitly been offences in international law at the time 
they were committed; and the judges included representatives of the 
Soviet Union — itself guilty of crimes against humanity in the same 
period. So Nuremberg could be accused of being retrospective, and 
imposing selective, victors' justice. 
Fortunately, today's international criminal court, before which Arab 
leaders may come if they commit crimes against humanity, largely 
avoids those flaws. The international laws are firmly in place, and 
this is a properly established international court — though still, 
shamefully, without the participation of the US, China and Russia. 
Lebanon's special tribunal on the assassination of prime minister 
Rafik Hariri is an interesting application of the general principle, with 
all the accompanying political difficulties. 
If international trials are tricky, those conducted under national laws 
and jurisdictions can be even trickier. This is one area in which 
Germany has not done better than anyone else. The trials of former 
east German leaders such as Erich Honecker, on contorted criminal 
charges relating to killings at the Berlin Wall were deeply 
unsatisfactory and often ended in fiasco. Since most totalitarian or 
authoritarian regimes involve large numbers of people being 
complicit to different degrees, you are almost sure to be inconsistent. 
Either you punish some of the little fish, but let the big ones swim 
free, or you make an example of a few big fish, but let others, and the 
smaller sharks, go free. 
Last month, three henchmen of the Mubarak regime — the steel 
tycoon Ahmed Ezz and the former housing and tourism ministers —
arrived at a Cairo court in police cars, which were pelted with stones, 
EFTA00587747
--- PAGE 7 ---
to face trial on corruption charges. Dressed in white jail uniforms, 
they were forced to stand in a metal cage. These men may be very 
corrupt; but how much more so than some of the Egyptian generals 
now tossing them as sacrificial offerings to an angry populace? 
In such circumstances, a rapid administrative purge can be more 
effective, and even in some ways fairer, than selective show trials. A 
country emerging from a dictatorship simply says: there are some 
people so closely implicated in the evils of the old regime that to 
have them still active in senior positions in public life will utterly 
compromise the new political order. Such measures, too, have 
German precedents — and a chequered history. "De-Baathification" in 
Iraq and "de-communisation" in post-1989 eastern Europe built on 
the precedent of "de-nazification" in post-1945 Germany. But de-
nazification was also selective, and stopped abruptly soon after West 
Germany became a largely independent state in 1949. 
A better example may be the systematic vetting of people for 
connections to the Stasi, the East German secret police. Following 
German unification in 1990 this was done by an extraordinary 
ministry set up to oversee the Stasi files. It came to be known as "the 
Gauck authority", after its first head, Joachim Gauck. Colloquially, 
people described being vetted for Stasi connections as "being 
Gaucked". In my view, the vetting net was cast far too wide. Did 
every postman really have to be checked for secret police 
connections? But the vetting procedure itself was rigorous, fair and 
appealable. 
Germany excels in what I call history lessons. Following a period of 
hushing-up and repressing the Nazi past in the 1950s and early 1960s, 
west Germany scrupulously researched, documented and taught this 
difficult history. Learning from the mistakes of the 1950s, united 
Germany did even better with the legacy of communist East 
EFTA00587748
--- PAGE 8 ---
Germany. There was a kind of truth commission, called the Enquete 
Kommission. Archives were opened; studies made; lessons learned. 
Also central to this master class in past-beating was the "Gauck 
authority", which enabled everyone adversely affected by the evils of 
the Stasi, as well as scholars and journalists, to have access to the 
files. At the last count it had received a staggering 2.7m applications 
from private individuals to read or get information from Stasi files. 
This week the authority got its third head, Roland Jahn — another 
former East German dissident. So it is now "the Jahn authority". 
There is talk of its work continuing beyond the planned closure in 
2019. 
It is, of course, unlikely that any Arab post-dictatorship will do 
anything of this scale and quality. Quite apart from the highly 
developed legal, scholarly, journalistic and administrative cultures 
needed to sustain a German-style ministry of the files, it is also very 
expensive. Unemployed young Arabs, with no homes of their own, 
may feel their governments have more urgent things to spend their 
money on. But having decided to close down its own dreaded state 
security service, Egypt could do worse than fly in Joachim Gauck to 
advise on how best to open its files. 
We should be careful here. Many times over the last few weeks I 
have heard well-intentioned but slightly self-congratulatory 
Europeans say: "We have all this rich experience of transitions from 
dictatorship to democracy, and should offer it to our Arab friends." 
We must start by listening to the people on the ground in North 
Africa and the Middle East. Their priorities and needs may be 
different. And one lesson of Europe's own transitions from 
communism after 1989 is that you cannot simply apply a western 
template. That mistake was also made in the often inflexible west 
German incorporation of east Germany. 
EFTA00587749
--- PAGE 9 ---
So what we should offer our friends across the Mediterranean is not a 
template, but a toolbox. They can then choose which implements to 
use, when, where and how. In that toolbox for transition, there should 
certainly be a set of shiny DIN-standard past-beating wrenches. And 
those wrenches, like so many other European exports, will be 
stamped "Made in Germany". 
Timothy Garton Ash is a historian, political writer and Guardian 
columnist. 
EFTA00587750
--- PAGE 10 ---
Ill 
Anicic 3. 
Guardian 
The fate of the Arabs will be settled in 
Egypt, not Libya 
Seumas Milne 
March 2011 - Barely two months since the triumphant overthrow 
of the Tunisian dictator that detonated the Arab revolution, a western 
view is taking hold that it's already gone horribly wrong. In January 
and February, TV screens across the world were filled with 
exhilarating images of hundreds of thousands of peaceful 
demonstrators, women and men, braving Hosni Mubarak's goons in 
Cairo's Tahrir square while Muslims and Christians stood guard over 
each other as they prayed. 
A few weeks on and reports from the region are dominated by the 
relentless advance of Colonel Gaddafi's forces across Libya, as one 
rebel stronghold after another is crushed. Meanwhile Arab dictators 
are falling over each other to beat and shoot protesters, while Saudi 
troops have occupied Bahrain to break the popular pressure for an 
elected government. In Egypt itself, 11 people were killed in 
sectarian clashes between Christians and Muslims last week and 
women protesters were assaulted by misogynist thugs in Tahrir 
Square. 
Increasingly, US and European politicians and media hawks are 
insisting it's all because the west has shamefully failed to intervene 
militarily in support of the Libyan opposition. The Times on 
Wednesday blamed Barack Obama for snuffing out a "dawn of hope" 
by havering over whether to impose a no-fly zone in Libya. 
But Saudi Arabia's dangerous quasi-invasion of Bahrain is a reminder 
that Libya is very far from being the only place where hopes are 
EFTA00587751
--- PAGE 11 ---
II 
being stifled. The west's closest Arab ally, which has declared protest 
un-Islamic, bans political parties and holds an estimated 8,000 
political prisoners, has sent troops to bolster the Bahraini autocracy's 
bloody resistance to democratic reform. 
Underlying the Saudi provocation is a combustible cocktail of 
sectarian and strategic calculations. Bahrain's secular opposition to 
the Sunni ruling family is mainly supported by the island's Shia 
majority. The Saudi regime fears both the influence of Iran in a Shia-
dominated Bahrain and the infection of its own repressed Shia 
minority — concentrated in the eastern region, centre of the largest oil 
reserves in the world. 
Considering that both Saudi Arabia and Bahrain, home to the United 
States fifth fleet, depend on American support, the crushing of the 
Bahraini democracy movement or the underground Saudi opposition 
should be a good deal easier for the west to fix than the Libyan 
maelstrom. 
But neither the US nor its intervention-hungry allies show the 
slightest sign of using their leverage to help the people of either 
country decide their own future. Instead, as Bahrain's security forces 
tear-gassed and terrorised protesters, the White House merely 
repeated the mealy-mouthed call it made in the first weeks of the 
Egyptian revolution for "restraint on all sides". 
It's more than understandable that the Libyan opposition now being 
ground down by superior firepower should be desperate for outside 
help. Sympathy for their plight runs deep in the Arab world and 
beyond. But western military intervention — whether in the form of 
arms supplies or Britain and France's favoured no-fly zone — would, 
as the Turkish prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan argues, be 
"totally counter-productive" and "deepen the problem". 
Experience in Iraq and elsewhere suggests it would prolong the war, 
increase the death toll, lead to demands for escalation and risk 
EFTA00587752
--- PAGE 12 ---
dividing the country. It would also be a knife at the heart of the Arab 
revolution, depriving Libyans and the people of the region of 
ownership of their own political renaissance. 
Arab League support for a no-fly zone has little credibility, 
dominated as it still is by despots anxious to draw the US yet more 
deeply into the region; while the three Arab countries lined up to join 
the military effort — Saudi Arabia, Jordan and the UAE — are 
themselves among the main barriers to the process of democratisation 
that intervention would be supposed to strengthen. 
Genuinely independent regional backing from, say, Egypt would be 
another matter, as would Erdogan's proposal of some sort of 
negotiated solution: whatever the outcome of the conflict there will 
be no return of the status quo ante for the Gaddafi regime. 
In any case, the upheaval now sweeping the Arab world is far bigger 
than the struggle in Libya — and that process has only just begun. Any 
idea that all the despots would throw in the towel as quickly as Zin 
al-Abidine Ben Ali and Mubarak was always a pipedream. They may 
well be strengthened in their determination to use force by events in 
Libya. And the divisions of ethnicity, sect and tribe in each society 
will be ruthlessly exploited by the regimes and their foreign sponsors 
to try to hold back the tide of change. 
But across the region people insist they have lost their fear. There is a 
widespread expectation that the Yemeni dictator, Ali Abdallah Saleh, 
will be the next to fall — where violently suppressed street protests 
have been led by a woman, the charismatic human rights campaigner 
Tawakul Karman, in what is a deeply conservative society. 
And where regimes make cosmetic concessions, such as in Jordan, 
they find they are only fuelling further demands. As the Jordanian 
Islamist opposition leader, Rohile Gharaibeh, puts it: "Either we 
achieve democracy under a constitutional monarchy or there will 
be no monarchy at all". 
EFTA00587753
--- PAGE 13 ---
The key to the future of the region, however, remains Egypt. It is 
scarcely surprising if elements of the old regime try to provoke social 
division, or attempts are made to co-opt and infiltrate the youth 
movements that played the central role in the uprising, or that the 
army leadership wants to put a lid on street protests and strikes. 
But the process of change continues. In the past fortnight 
demonstrators have occupied and closed secret police headquarters, 
and the Mubarak-appointed prime minister has been dumped — and 
Egyptians are now preparing to vote on constitutional amendments 
that would replace army rule with an elected parliament and president 
within six months. 
There is a fear among some activists that the revolution may only put 
a democratic face on the old system. But the political momentum 
remains powerful. A popular democratic regime in Cairo would have 
a profound impact on the entire region. Nothing is guaranteed, but all 
the signs are that sooner or later, the dominoes will fall. 
Seumas Milne is a Guardian columnist and associate editor. 
EFTA00587754
--- PAGE 14 ---
AniCIC 4. 
Foreign Affairs 
Why the Al Saud Dynasty Will Remain 
F. Gregory Gause III 
March 16, 2011 -- Earlier this month, Saudi Arabia's opposition 
bloggers and Facebook users called for a "day of rage" to be held on 
Friday, March 11, modeled after those in neighboring Bahrain, 
Egypt, Tunisia, and Yemen. There was no reason to think that Saudi 
Arabia would be immune to the protest contagion. After all, the 
problems facing Saudi Arabia are similar in kind (if not extent) to 
those of the other Arab states. Saudi Arabia has a demographic youth 
bulge. Like other Arab nations, it has a serious youth unemployment 
problem. It has an autocratic government that prevents serious 
political participation. It is a rich country but with low per capita 
income compared to its smaller Gulf neighbors. Even Bahrain, 
wracked with protests, has a higher per capita GDP, $40,400 
compared to Saudi Arabia's $24,200. And the positive response of 
thousands of Saudis to online petitions for political reform, especially 
on Dawlaty.info and 
, indicates that plenty of 
people in the country want some kind of change. But the calls for a 
"day of rage" met with almost no response except for a few relatively 
small protests in Shiite-majority areas of the Eastern Province. The 
Saudi media, which had studiously ignored the online calls, crowed 
on Saturday about the protests' failure, mocking the "day of rage" as 
a "day of calm" and a "day of reassurance." Perhaps we should not 
have been so surprised. In late January, all of the elements for 
popular mobilization against the regime appeared to be in place. In 
Saudi Arabia's second-largest city, Jeddah, there was devastating 
flooding, during which at least ten people died, many more were 
injured, and millions of dollars in property was damaged. This 
EFTA00587755
--- PAGE 15 ---
followed even more damaging flooding in late 2009. This manifest 
government failure occurred just as the rest of the Arab world was 
exploding: protesters in Tunisia had just driven their president, Zine 
el-Abidine Ben Ali, from power (to exile in Jeddah, of all places), 
and Egyptians were mobilizing by the hundreds of thousands in 
Tahrir Square. But very little happened in Jeddah. There were a few 
protests, about 50 people arrested, and no ripple effects elsewhere in 
the country. So what makes the Saudi case different from the others? 
First, the Saudi government has plenty of ready cash and has shown 
itself willing to spend it to deflect political mobilization. No other 
Arab regime has been able to throw money at its problems quite like 
the Saudi one. Three weeks ago, for example, the government 
announced a set of salary increases, unemployment benefits, loan 
forgiveness, consumer subsidies, and other measures totaling $36 
billion. This package will not solve Saudi Arabia's long-term 
economic problems, of course, but it certainly cushions the blow of 
rising inflation, a housing shortage, and youth unemployment. 
Second, Saudi Arabia's security forces are a strong deterrent. There 
are a number of Saudi security agencies tasked with maintaining 
order, but the National Guard ultimately guarantees domestic security 
and regime stability. Exclusively Sunni, it is largely comprised of 
recruits from the tribes of central and western Arabia and of nontribal 
recruits from the central Arabian heartland, the base of Al Saud 
power. There is no doubt that members of the guard would obey the 
regime's orders to suppress demonstrations in the Shia towns of the 
Eastern Province (as they did in 1979 and 1980) and in the cities of 
western Saudi Arabia (Jeddah, Mecca, and Medina). Unlike the 
Egyptian and Tunisian armies, which felt kinship with the 
demonstrators in their capitals and refused to fire on them, Saudi 
security forces would likely view demonstrators anywhere outside of 
Riyadh and central Saudi Arabia as strangers. Whether they would be 
EFTA00587756
--- PAGE 16 ---
as reliable against protesters in Riyadh or central Arabia is an open 
question and not one that the regime has had to answer yet. Still, its 
security apparatuses were out in force on March 11, including in 
Riyadh, and they did not hesitate to use violence against small 
demonstrations in Shia towns the day before. Third, the opposition is 
still too divided to offer a real threat. This stands in contrast to 
Tunisia and Egypt, where people from across classes, sects, and 
ideologies mobilized to oust Ben Ali and former Egyptian President 
Hosni Mubarak. At the topmost level, Saudi political activists are 
beginning to bridge differences in sect, region, and ideology. Since 
9/11, there has been more cross-sectarian and cross-ideological 
dialogue than in the past, some of it even sponsored by the 
government through its national dialogue initiative. But this is not the 
case throughout the population. It is instructive that there have been 
two major online petition movements rather than a single one 
representing the broad range of political currents. The two petitions 
share a number of points -- most notably their calls to give the elected 
legislature real oversight of government ministries -- but one was 
more reflective of the Wahhabi intellectual current, and the other of a 
more liberal (in the Saudi context) current. Wahhabi sheikhs might 
occasionally visit Shia discussion groups, but the chance that a single 
street protest could bring together large numbers of both groups is 
slim. Finally, the Saudi regime has had weeks to digest the reasons 
for and consequences of the Tunisian and Egyptian revolutions, 
something that Ben Ali entirely lacked and Mubarak was too set in 
his ways to appreciate. Despite the advanced age and infirmity of 
their top leaders, members of the Saudi elite have proved fairly 
nimble. They threatened punishment for any opposition (but not so 
much as to excite protesters), and they balanced their threats with 
promises of rewards for cooperation. They were also deft at getting 
the religious establishment to come to their aid, by issuing fatwas 
EFTA00587757
--- PAGE 17 ---
declaring street demonstrations to be in violation of Islam. It is 
unclear how many Saudis still pay attention to state-appointed 
arbiters of religion, but it certainly does not hurt the Saudi leadership 
to have them on its side. Meanwhile, local regime officials engaged 
in fairly active outreach on behalf of their constituents. A government 
delegation from Qatif, the most important Shia city in the Eastern 
Province, met with the Saudi king a few days before the scheduled 
"day of rage," although the purpose of the visit was not made public. 
Prince Muhammad bin Fand bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud, the governor of 
the Eastern Province, spoke with local Shia leaders earlier last week 
and made a few gestures of good faith, including releasing a number 
of prisoners. Similarly, Prince Khalid al-Faisal, the governor of 
Mecca (who also has jurisdiction over Jeddah), met very publicly 
with activists and has since rolled out a high-profile campaign to 
show that the government is serious about fixing Jeddah's water 
drainage infrastructure. It is possible that the local and national 
leadership could also announce some small steps on the political 
front: a cabinet shake-up, municipal council elections, perhaps even 
elections to the national shura (consultative) council. Yet the Al Saud 
are certainly not out of the winter of Arab discontent. On March 13, 
hundreds demonstrated in front of the Interior Ministry in Riyadh to 
demand the release of prisoners captured during the government's 
years-long fight against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. There 
were demonstrations of similar size in Shia towns that day as well. 
And having just deployed troops to support the monarchy in Bahrain, 
the Saudis have placed themselves in a tricky situation; as Saudi 
forces help suppress the Bahraini protesters, the vast majority of 
whom are Shia, they could provoke serious protests among Saudi 
Arabia's own Shia population. But, at least so far, Saudi Arabia is 
among the ranks of Syria and Morocco -- the other major Arab states 
least affected by the wave of Arab upheaval. 
EFTA00587758
--- PAGE 18 ---
Artick 5. 
Center for Strategic and International Studies 
The Revolution Will Not Be Televised 
Jon Alterman 
March 16, 2011-- It is tempting to see the political protests sweeping 
the Middle East as "Facebook Revolutions"; to see the Internet as a 
force that galvanizes hundreds of thousands of young people into a 
new political force that breathes life into stolid authoritarian regimes. 
But the Internet is only part of the story. Good old-fashioned 
television is probably more important in turning political protests into 
mass movements. 
Movements, however, are not revolutions, and whether the political 
upheavals in the Middle East come to constitute revolutions will be 
played out in the next six months. For the coming part of the drama, 
television has little role to play, and the Internet only a limited one. 
Despite all of the changes afoot, it will be hard to subvert 
conventional politics. Facebook and Twitter have certainly played a 
role. In Egypt, groups such as the April 6 Movement and "We Are all 
Khaled Said" allowed young people to share ideas and for some to 
emerge as leaders. In societies in which authorities monitored 
independent thinkers and distrusted intellectual entrepreneurship, 
Internet technologies allowed the young and techno-savvy to develop 
ideas and build online constituencies. Young people used the Internet 
to network and to plan protests. With hundreds of thousands of 
followers, they were able to draw several hundred into the street. 
Several hundred does not a revolution make, however. In Egypt, the 
Kifaya movement was able to draw hundreds to protests for years but 
ultimately fizzled out. Onlookers stared at what they perceived to be 
rich kids in t-shirts and jeans, and they felt no stake in their battles. In 
Bahrain, sectarian protesters had taken to the streets for years, 
EFTA00587759
--- PAGE 19 ---
although they failed to become a mass movement. The protesters 
were an aberration, not the mainstream. 
Two things changed. The first is that the leaders of the protests 
emphasized economic discontent, striking a chord that resonated with 
the broader public. While many of the protests' organizers were 
deeply politicized, the public was not. It cared about pocketbook 
issues more than elections; it cared about improving outcomes more 
than the method of doing so. Yet, the protesters and the masses 
agreed on one big thing-the current political leadership was failing 
and needed to be replaced. That agreement was enough to swell the 
ranks of protesters from the hundreds to the thousands. 
But thousands are not millions. To bring millions into the street 
required a second change: television. 
Television? 
It had been around for more than four decades, and it had not 
provoked political change. While satellite television began to erode 
states' information monopoly in the late 1990s, almost a decade and a 
half of al-Jazeera and its imitators did little to bring protesters into the 
streets. 
Some even argued that political debates on television depressed 
political activity because they gave a safe outlet for political speech 
without actually involving any action by the viewer. Television is, by 
its nature, passive, and the passivity of television's huge audiences 
seemed to reinforce the notion of television as inert. 
Yet, from the early days of the protests in Tunisia, then Egypt, then 
Bahrain and then Libya, television was transformative. Television 
brought the actions of thousands to audiences of millions. Censorship 
of years past would have allowed isolated protests to stay isolated. 
The rise of regional television stations undermined censorship and 
now every local protest was potential national-and international-
news. 
EFTA00587760
--- PAGE 20 ---
Day in and day out, broadcasts of the protests helped articulate 
widespread grievances and give a sense of urgency to an entire nation 
of viewers. Within weeks, in both Tunisia and Egypt, the army 
stepped in and removed aging political leaders who seemed 
hopelessly out of touch. 
Even more important, television helped frame the region's events, 
describing them early on as revolutions and giving them a historical 
weight that they had not yet earned. Constantly broadcasting the 
judgment that revolutions were underway became self-fulfilling, as 
participants and audiences alike felt a part of a single community that 
was changing history. Al-Jazeera's English broadcasts helped bring 
along Western policy communities as well, simultaneously engaging 
these communities in the struggles and reassuring them that change 
was compatible with Western interests. For weeks on end, al-Jazeera 
provided a steady diet of emotional analysis, relying on tight crowd 
shots and generously judging the size of protests. Western channels 
raced to catch up. The protests made good television; the good 
television made good history. 
This sense of history unfolding spread the protests well beyond where 
they fed on the interaction between the Internet and television. In 
countries such as Libya and Yemen, with relatively low Internet 
access and even less social networking, people took to the streets as 
well. In these places, the impact of television was even more 
profound, playing the role of providing the spark and coaxing it into a 
flame. 
And still, the Arab world has not yet seen a popular revolution. For 
these revolts to prove themselves as such, they need not only to 
displace the status quo, but also to replace it with something 
fundamentally different. Doing so requires coordinating priorities and 
integrating agendas. It requires committees and compromises. For all 
of the difficulty of dislodging authoritarians who ruled for decades, 
EFTA00587761
--- PAGE 21 ---
ensuring the survival of the democratic order that the activists seek is 
far harder. 
It is a struggle that is pointedly bad for television. 
Television is a medium that prefers clear narratives and graphic 
pictures. It is the perfect medium for taking to the streets, for 
broadcasting graffiti and placards, for showing the bankruptcy of a 
system that dispatches thugs on camels to beat back peaceful 
protesters. Television favors drama. 
The drama unfolding in the Arab world now, however, is 
excruciating to watch on television. It is textual, the story lines are 
muddled, and there are no dramatic pictures. In a world with 700 
free-to-air Arab satellite channels, it cannot compete. 
The irony is that what we are coming upon now is the moment that 
the media helped enable, and the moment that truly matters. Yet, it 
will also be the most difficult to track. 
The Internet can play some role creating a broader debate, but access 
remains sketchy for large segments of the population. We have not 
yet entered the era of postmodern politics. Getting support for change 
requires field operations, committees and compromises. It requires 
good old-fashioned politics. 
The revolt was televised, but the revolution cannot be. Mass media 
can help create the conditions for a revolution, but it cannot 
accomplish one. Only political leaders can do that. 
Jon Alterman is Mideast Program Director for the Center for 
Strategic and International Studies. 
EFTA00587762
--- PAGE 22 ---
AniCIC 6. 
Time 
Silent No More: The Women of the Arab 
Revolutions 
Carla Power 
Mar. 17, 2011 - The uprisings sweeping the Arab world haven't only 
toppled dictatorships. Gone, too, are the old stereotypes of Arab 
women as passive, voiceless victims. Over the past few months, the 
world has seen them marching in Tunisia, shouting slogans in 
Bahrain and Yemen, braving tear gas in Egypt, and blogging and 
strategizing in cyberspace. Egyptian activist Asmaa Mahfouz, 26, 
became known as "The Leader of the Revolution" after she posted an 
online video call to arms, telling young people to get out onto the 
streets and demand justice. In Libya, women lawyers were among the 
earliest anti-Qaddafi organizers in the revolutionary stronghold of 
Benghazi. Arabs were bemused that the Western media was shocked 
— shocked! — to find women protesting alongside men. "There was 
this sense of surprise, that 'Oh, my god, women are actually 
participating!' notes Egyptian activist Hadil El-Khouly. "But of 
course women were there, in Tahrir Square. I was there, because 
Egyptian. Everyone was there. You really felt we were all one." 
But the bliss of revolutionary dawn never lasts. When Tunisian 
women's groups held a post-revolution rally to demand equality, 
thugs disrupted the gathering, yelling "Women at home, in the 
kitchen!" And on March 8, a march in Cairo to commemorate 
International Women's Day ended in violence, with gangs of men 
groping protestors and telling them to go home. "It was a horrible 
irony, that on International Women's Day, a march for women's 
rights could face that kind of egregious harassment in Cairo's Tahrir 
EFTA00587763
--- PAGE 23 ---
Square, a symbol of freedom," says Priyanka Motaparthy, a research 
fellow in the Middle East and North Africa division of Human Rights 
Watch. "It was an incredibly violent way of trying to scare [the 
women] out of the public space." 
Women are good for revolutions, but historically, revolutions haven't 
been good for women. In 1789, French women took to the streets to 
protest against high bread prices and the excesses at Versailles. They 
helped topple the monarchy, but within a few years, the revolutionary 
government had banned all women's political clubs. In Iran, women 
came out in force to march against the Shah in 1979; Ayatollah 
Khomeini rewarded them by requiring the veil and curbing their legal 
rights. And now, as Tunisians and Egyptians hammer out the nature 
of their nations' futures, women are being required to fight for their 
rights in a whole new way. "There is no turning back," says Margot 
Badran, Senior Fellow at the Woodrow Wilson International Center 
in Washington •., 
and the author of Feminism in Islam: Secular 
and Religious Convergences. "The violence [against the March 8 
protestors] has only strengthened resolve." 
The participation of women during Tunisia and Egypt's transitions to 
democracy remains a crucial litmus test of the revolutions. Exclude 
women, and the whole concept of sweeping away a privileged 
political caste crumbles. As Moroccan activist Saida Kouzzi 
observes: "If these countries continue to neglect the rights of the great 
majority of their citizens, then what good do these revolutions do?" 
Already there are subtle — and not-so-subtle — signs that Arab 
women are being sidelined. Essam Sharaf, Egypt's new prime 
minister, named just one woman to his cabinet. For some women's 
rights advocates, his creation of a committee dealing with women's 
advancement smacks of tokenism. In Tunisia, activists are concerned 
about the potential rise of political Islam. Sheikh Rashed 
Ghannouchi, leader of Islamist party El Nandha, who returned from 
EFTA00587764
--- PAGE 24 ---
decades of exile in January, has sought to soften his party's earlier 
line on women's rights, saying Tunisia's women need equality, and 
that he's supported the country's progressive Personal Status Code —
which bans polygamy and child marriages, and guarantees women 
reproductive rights and equal pay — for over 20 years. Still, women 
are worried, says Nadya Khalife, of Human Rights Watch's women's 
rights division, in an email. "Women activists want to ensure that the 
gains [they have] made will not be set back by Islamist groups who 
may call for Shari'a law, or stand in their way to improve the Personal 
Status Code," she says. "Already, some Islamist groups have started 
calling for mosques to be established in schools, at the same time that 
women's groups are calling for the separation of church and state." 
Egyptian women have been protesting the sexism they see creeping 
into their nation's transitional structures. The 10-member 
Constitutional Committee, which was tasked with coming up with 
constitutional amendments after the fall of president Hosni Mubarak, 
didn't include a single woman; the civil society group it consulted 
was called "The Council of Wise Men." Women's groups were 
further outraged when the Committee came up with Article 75, 
whose wording effectively limits Egypt's presidency to men. "Egypt's 
president is born to two Egyptian parents," it reads, "and cannot be 
married to a non-Egyptian woman." When women's groups protested, 
the framers argued that Arabic allows masculine nouns to include 
women. It didn't wash; a coalition of 117 women's groups is now 
calling for rewording. 
Some pundits have cautioned a go-slow approach for what they see 
as special interest groups. But activists fear that later could mean 
never. "Some people are saying, 'Now is not the time for women's 
rights, disability rights, children's rights,'" says activist El-Khouly. 
"They claim: 'Once there's democracy, there will be democracy for 
EFTA00587765
--- PAGE 25 ---
everyone.' But history has told us that women wait, wait, wait — and 
then our rights never become a priority issue." 
For women activists in Egypt and across the region, the spirit of the 
Arab revolutions means women's rights aren't special interests, but 
are intrinsic to the people's demands for social justice and democracy. 
"It's important to see women's rights as political rights," says Mozn 
Hassan, director of the Cairo-based group Nazra for Feminist Studies. 
"Women's activists have to change their dynamic, and engage with 
larger political issues. But we don't expect it to be easy. Tahrir Square 
was a utopia, and society doesn't change in fifteen minutes." 
Carla Power is a journalist specializing in Muslim societies, global 
social issues, and culture. A frequent contributor to Time Magazine, 
she is a former Newsweek correspondent, who in her decade at the 
magazine produced award-winning stories, reporting from Europe, 
the Middle East, and Asia. 
EFTA00587766

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587767.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587767.pdf
----------------------------------------
GE Commercial 
Finance 
Global Asset 
Management 
Brian Huber 
Manager Aircraft Remarketing 
Wooster Heights, Lee Farm 
Danbury. CT 06810 
March 22, 2016 
Mr. Stephen Hanson 
SFS, LLC 
do Muchnick, Golieb & Golieb, P.C. 
200 Park Avenue South, Suite 1700 
New York, New York 10003 
Dear Mr. Hanson: 
Path Air, LLC ("Seller") is pleased to submit to SFS, LLC ("Buyer") this proposal ("Proposal") 
regarding the sale of a certain Gulfstream 550 s/n 5017, N62MS (the "Airframe"); equipped with 
two Rolls Royce BR710C4-11 engines, serial numbers 15137 and 15136 (the "Engines"); one 
Honeywell RE220(GV) auxiliary power unit, s/n P-327 ( the "APU"); together with all of the 
equipment and accessories installed thereon, as well as all related log books, records and 
manuals, spare parts, and loose or support equipment related to said aircraft to the extent any of 
the foregoing are in Seller's possession or under Seller's control (hereinafter collectively the 
"Aircraft"). Seller further agrees that upon Buyer's signature and return of this Proposal, Seller 
shall not further solicit, entertain or accept additional offers with respect to the Aircraft until such 
time as the transaction as contemplated herein is consummated or terminated according to the 
provisions set forth below. 
Seller hereby proposes to sell the Aircraft to Buyer for a purchase price equal to the sum of 
Eighteen Million Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars ($18,500,000.00) plus any 
applicable sales or other taxes (the "Purchase Price"). The sale of the Aircraft shall be on an "as-
is, where-is basis", without any recourse or warranty of any kind, expressed or implied from 
EFTA00587767
--- PAGE 2 ---
Seller, except as provided in the Aircraft Limited Warranty Bill of Sale in the form attached 
hereto as Appendix H. 
The terms of the proposed sale shall be as follows: 
I) The Aircraft will be available for pre-purchase inspection immediately following completion 
of Seller's preliminary "know your customer" and other disclosure requirements to the 
satisfaction of Seller in its sole discretion so that Buyer may determine whether the Aircraft 
is in acceptable condition. The pre-purchase inspection shall consist of a log book review, 
engine borescopes and a test flight not to exceed two hours in duration with not more than 
three (3) representatives of Buyer on board to act as observers only subject to such 
representatives satisfying Seller's passenger screening requirements and executing a 
passenger waiver in form acceptable to Seller (collectively, the "Inspection") at the Pentastar 
Aviation facility in Waterford, MI (the "Inspection Facility"). Buyer shall be solely 
responsible for all costs associated with the Inspection, including the cost of the test flight. 
Buyer, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall have two (2) Business Days (as defined in 
Section 18) from completion of the Inspection and receipt by Buyer of the final written pre-
purchase inspection report (the "Report") which Buyer shall instruct the Inspection Facility 
to promptly deliver to Buyer to accept or reject the Aircraft for purchase. Such acceptance or 
rejection shall be in writing to Seller in the form of the Certificate of Pre-Delivery 
Acceptance or Rejection to Seller set forth as Appendix I. 
If Seller notifies Buyer that it is not satisfied with the results of Seller's preliminary "know 
your customer" and other disclosure requirements, or if Buyer exercises its right to reject the 
Aircraft, or if Buyer does not deliver a completed Certificate of Pre-Delivery Acceptance or 
Rejection to Seller within two (2) Business Days after completion of the Inspection and 
receipt by Buyer of the Report, Buyer shall be deemed to have rejected the Aircraft. In any 
such case, either party shall have the right to terminate this Proposal by written notice to the 
Escrow Agent referred to below and the other party. In that event, (i) the Escrow Agent shall 
immediately, and without regard to any notices or demands from Seller or any other person, 
refund the Deposit referred to below to Buyer, and (ii) thereafter, this Proposal shall 
terminate. 
2) Not as a representation or warranty of any kind by Seller but instead solely as the purpose of 
Buyer's Inspection, Buyer shall verify the following during the Inspection: (i) all calendar 
and hourly inspections of the Aircraft which are required to be completed by the date of the 
Closing (as defined in Section 5 below) are current without deferment or extension; (ii) all 
Mandatory Service Bulletins and Airworthiness Directives which are required to be 
completed by the date of the Closing have been complied with, without deferment or 
extension; and (iii) the Aircraft is in airworthy condition, with a current and valid Standard 
Airworthiness Certificate with no exceptions or limitations. To the extent any Airworthiness 
Discrepancies are found during the Inspection by the Inspection Facility, Seller shall be 
responsible to pay directly to the Inspection Facility, invoices of the Inspection Facility for 
EFTA00587768
--- PAGE 3 ---
the correction of such Airworthiness Discrepancies at its sole expense. For purposes hereof, 
"Airworthiness Discrepancy" shall mean any discrepancy that must be repaired in order for 
the Aircraft to be returned to service by the Inspection Facility. 
3) Not later than one Business Day following Buyer's acceptance of this Proposal, Buyer shall 
wire transfer to Insured Aircraft Title Service, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, (the "Escrow 
Agent") a refundable good faith deposit in the amount of Five Hundred Thousand United 
States Dollars (US$500,000.00) (the "Deposit") which, after the Aircraft is accepted by 
Buyer, shall, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Proposal, be credited toward the 
Purchase Price due on Closing. Buyer shall be responsible for any and all Escrow Agent fees 
associated with this proposed sale and shall ensure that the Escrow Agent verifies the origin 
of the Purchase Price and the Deposit to the satisfaction of Seller. To that end, Buyer hereby 
irrevocably authorizes Escrow Agent to release to Seller the inbound wire report for funds 
wired to the Escrow Agent as part of the Deposit and the Purchase Price. Upon acceptance 
of the Aircraft pursuant to Paragraph 1 above, the Deposit shall, except as otherwise 
expressly provided in this Proposal, be deemed fully earned and non-refundable. If the 
Aircraft is rejected in accordance with Paragraph 1, the Deposit shall be immediately 
returned to Buyer. 
4) To the extent permitted by the applicable service program provider, Seller shall cooperate with 
Buyer, at Buyer's sole cost and expense, to transfer to Buyer on Closing the Rolls-Royce 
Corporate Care contract covering the Engines as well as any other pre-existing contracts, 
subscriptions and service programs in respect of the Aircraft, each of which shall be current, 
up-to-date, paid in full for all amounts incurred through the Closing Date (as defined below). 
Buyer shall be responsible for any ongoing hourly payments and any other amounts incurred 
after the Closing due under such contracts, subscriptions and service programs and for any 
transfer fees charged by the providers thereof, as well as the administration and execution of 
contracts for continued enrollment on such programs from and after the Closing. 
5) The parties acknowledge and agree that the passing of title and formal delivery of the 
Aircraft to Buyer (the "Closing") shall take place on a Business Day that is not more than 
three Business Days after the date of completion of the Inspection and receipt by Buyer of 
the Report unless Airworthiness Discrepancies have been identified in which case the 
Closing shall take place on a Business Day that is not more than three Business Days after 
the date all Airworthiness Discrepancies have been corrected, unless extended to another date 
by mutual agreement of Buyer and Seller (the "Closing Date"). The Closing Date must be a 
Business Day on which the FAA Registry is fully open for filing title documents. At the time 
of Closing, the Aircraft shall be located at the TBD (the "Delivery Location"). 
6) 
The Closing shall take place only after the following conditions precedent have been 
satisfied: 
EFTA00587769
--- PAGE 4 ---
(a) 
(b) 
Seller's obligation to sell and deliver the Aircraft to Buyer on the Closing Date 
shall be subject to the satisfaction by Buyer of each of the conditions precedent 
set forth below: 
(i) 
On or before the Closing Date, Buyer shall have delivered to the 
FAA Counsel (as defined in Section 7 below) in escrow, (A) an executed 
undated FAA Form 8050-1, "Aircraft Registration Application," 
registering the Aircraft to Buyer; (B) an Aircraft Limited Warranty Bill of 
Sale executed by Buyer but undated; and (C) an original copy of the 
Aircraft Delivery Receipt in form attached hereto as Appendix III duly 
executed by Buyer but undated, 
(ii) 
On or before the Closing Date, Buyer shall have delivered to the 
Escrow Agent, in escrow, funds equal to the amount of the Purchase Price, 
plus any unpaid Flight Costs due to Seller, plus the Escrow Agent's fee; 
(iii) 
Seller shall have determined that Buyer has fulfilled Seller's know 
your customer and other disclosure requirements as determined by Seller 
in its sole discretion; and 
(ii) 
At the time of Closing, Buyer shall not be in breach or default of 
any of the covenants, agreements and conditions required to be performed 
or complied with by Buyer prior to the Closing. 
Buyer's obligation to purchase and accept delivery of the Aircraft from Seller on 
the Closing Date shall be subject to the satisfaction by Seller of each of the 
conditions precedent set forth below: 
(i) 
On or before the Closing Date, Seller shall have delivered to the FAA 
Counsel, in escrow: (A) an executed undated FAA Form 8050-2, 
"Aircraft Bill of Sale", transferring ownership of the Aircraft to Buyer; 
(B) an Aircraft Limited Warranty Bill of Sale executed by Seller but 
undated; (C) releases of any liens and encumbrances created by Seller or 
any person claiming by, through or under Seller ("Seller Liens") to which 
the Aircraft is subject, if any, in a form reasonably satisfactory to Buyer 
and any entity to which Buyer grants a purchase money security interest 
in the Aircraft; 
(ii) 
The Aircraft shall be at the Delivery Location, with all Airworthiness 
Discrepancies corrected; 
(iii) 
At the time of Closing, the Aircraft shall be free of Seller Liens at the 
FAA Registry and the International Registry (as defined in Section 
EFTA00587770
--- PAGE 5 ---
7(a)(vii) below) other than Seller Liens that will be discharged out of 
amounts and/or documents then held in escrow by the Escrow Agent; and 
(iv) 
Seller shall not be in breach or default of any of the covenants, agreements 
and conditions required to be performed or complied with by Seller prior 
to the Closing. 
(e) 
On the Closing Date and subject to satisfaction (or written waiver by Seller) of the 
conditions precedent set forth in Section 6(a) above, Seller shall deliver the 
Aircraft to Buyer and Buyer shall subject to satisfaction (or written waiver by 
Buyer) of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 6(b) above accept delivery 
of the Aircraft from Seller at the Delivery Location in accordance with the 
procedures set forth in Section 7 below. 
(7) Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to Closing set forth in Section 6(a) and 
Section 6(b) above, the closing shall be conducted by the parties via conference call (the 
"Closing Conference Call") with Daugherty, Fowler, Peregrin, Haught & Jenson ("FAA 
Counsel") and the Escrow Agent participating in the call. Seller shall pay the entire cost of 
FAA Counsel. 
(a) 
At the Closing, after the representatives of each of the parties hereto and 
FAA Counsel and Escrow Agent have announced their attendance on the Closing 
Conference Call, the following shall occur: 
Seller shall confirm that Buyer has fulfilled Seller's know your customer 
and other disclosure requirements as determined by Seller in its sole discretion; 
(ii) 
The Escrow Agent shall confirm that it is holding in escrow funds equal to 
the entire Purchase Price, plus any amounts due from Buyer to Seller for Flight 
Costs, plus the Escrow Agent's fee; 
(iii) 
FAA Counsel shall confirm that it is holding each of the following 
documents: (A) an Aircraft Registration Application (AC Form 8050-1) covering 
the Airframe of the Aircraft duly executed by Buyer, but undated, (B) an original 
copy of the Aircraft Delivery Receipt in form attached hereto as Appendix III 
duly executed by Buyer but undated, (C) an original FAA Form 8050-2 Aircraft 
Bill of Sale duly executed by Seller, but undated, and (D) two counterparts of an 
original Aircraft Limited Warranty Bill of Sale, one duly executed by Seller and 
the other duly executed by Buyer, but undated; and 
(iv) 
FAA Counsel shall confirm that the records of the FAA and the 
International Registry then reflect that Seller is the record owner of the Airframe 
EFTA00587771
--- PAGE 6 ---
and the two Engines, free and clear of all recorded liens, claims and 
encumbrances (and FAA Counsel shall so advise the participants on the Closing 
Conference Call). 
(v) 
Provided that each of the confirmations set forth in clauses (i) — (iv) above 
has been made, Buyer shall immediately instruct Escrow Agent to wire the 
Purchase Price, plus any amounts due to Seller for Flight Costs to Seller in 
accordance with the wire transfer instructions previously provided to the Escrow 
Agent by Seller. 
(vi) 
After Escrow Agent's representative has announced to the participants on 
the Closing Conference Call that Escrow Agent has initiated the above described 
wire transfer of the Purchase Price to Seller's account, Seller shall, as promptly as 
is possible, obtain confirmation from its bank that the wire transfer of the 
Purchase Price has been received and, immediately thereupon, (A) Seller's 
representative shall announce the confirmation of such receipt to the other 
participants on the Closing Conference Call, (B) FAA Counsel shall immediately 
date and file each of the original FAA Form 8050-2 Aircraft Bill of Sale and the 
Aircraft Registration Application (AC Form 8050-1) with the FAA for 
recordation and, upon doing so, shall then notify each of the participants on the 
Closing Conference Call of the time of filing of each of such documents, and (C) 
FAA Counsel shall date and release the Aircraft Limited Warranty Bill of Sale 
executed by Seller out of escrow to Buyer and the Aircraft Limited Warranty Bill 
of Sale executed by Buyer and the Aircraft Delivery Receipt to Seller. 
(vii) 
Immediately upon confirmation that such documents have been filed with 
the FAA, FAA Counsel, as Buyer's "professional user entity," shall initiate a 
"sale" filing with respect to the Airframe and Engines at the International Registry 
in favor of Buyer, and FAA Counsel, as Seller's "professional user entity," shall 
discharge any registration with the International Registry established pursuant to 
the Convention on International Interests on Mobile Equipment and Protocol 
thereto on Matters specific to Aircraft Equipment on the Aircraft ( the 
"International Registry") of any other international interest, sale, prospective 
international interest or prospective sale with respect to the Airframe or Engines, 
and consent to Buyer's registration of a sale with respect to the Airframe and 
Engines. 
(b) 
The parties agree that each of the steps set forth in Section 7(a)(v)-(vii) is 
interdependent with all of the others. Once the Closing process described in Section 7(a)(v)-
(vii) has begun, it shall be irrevocable, and no one shall have any right to demand or to 
comply with any demand that the process be stopped prior to completion of each of the 
foregoing steps. 
EFTA00587772
--- PAGE 7 ---
8) Buyer expressly acknowledges that, THE AIRCRAFT IS SOLD TO BUYER ON AN "AS 
IS", "WHERE IS" BASIS WITHOUT RECOURSE TO, OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND 
OR NATURE BY, SELLER EXCEPT THE WARRANTIES EXPRESSLY SET FORTH 
IN SECTION 11(B) BELOW AND IN THE AIRCRAFT LIMITED WARRANTY BILL OF 
SALE. THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH HEREIN AND THEREIN ARE EXCLUSIVE 
AND IN SUBSTITUTION FOR, AND BUYER HEREBY WAIVES, RELEASES AND 
RENOUNCES, ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, ANY SUCH WARRANTIES CONTAINED IN THE AIRCRAFT 
LOGBOOKS OR OTHER AIRCRAFT DOCUMENTATION, WHICH BUYER MAY 
HAVE AGAINST SELLER ARISING BY LAW OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO 
ANY DEFECT IN THE AIRCRAFT WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE BY SELLER 
OR BUYER. THE PARTIES SPECIFICALLY STATE, ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE 
THAT REGARDING THE CONDITION OF THE AIRCRAFT, THERE IS: (A) NO 
WARRANTY AS TO THE AIRWORTHINESS OR CONDITION OF THE AIRFRAME, 
ENGINES OR ANY COMPONENT OR OTHER ITEM DELIVERED PURSUANT 
HERETO; (B) NO IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR 
USE; (C) NO IMPLIED WARRANTY ARISING FROM COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, 
COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE; (D) NO OBLIGATION, LIABILITY, 
RIGHT, CLAIM OR REMEDY IN TORT, WHETHER OR NOT ARISING FROM THE 
ACTUAL OR IMPUTED NEGLIGENCE OF EITHER SELLER OR BUYER OR THEIR 
ASSIGNS; AND (E) NO OBLIGATION, LIABILITY, RIGHT, CLAIM OR REMEDY 
FOR LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO ANY TANGIBLE OR INTANGIBLE THING, FOR 
LOSS OF USE, REVENUE, PROFIT OR TAX BENEFIT, OR FOR ANY OTHER 
DIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. 
9) The parties hereto hereby agree that except as expressly provided in Section 7(a)(vii) above, 
no registrations of the Aircraft at the International Registry will be registered, requested or 
demanded by either party hereto. Buyer hereby agrees that as between Seller and Buyer that 
this Proposal does not create any "international interest", "prospective sale" or except as 
expressly provided in Section 7(a)(vii) above, any "contract of sale" in favor of Buyer. 
Buyer hereby specifically waives the provisions of Articles 11(2) and 13(2) of the 
Convention and Article IX (6) of the Protocol. 
10) Risk of loss or destruction of, and damage to, the Aircraft shall pass to Buyer at the time the 
FAA Aircraft Bill of Sale is filed with the FAA. If the Aircraft is destroyed prior to that time, 
(i) the Escrow Agent shall immediately, and without regard to any notices or demands from 
Seller or any other person, refund the Deposit referred to below to Buyer, and (ii) thereafter, 
this Proposal shall terminate. If the Aircraft is damaged prior to that time, Buyer shall have 
the right to terminate this Proposal on written notice to Seller and the Escrow Agent. In that 
case, (A) the Escrow Agent shall immediately, and without regard to any notices or demands 
from Seller or any other person, refund the Deposit referred to below to Buyer, and (B) 
thereafter, this Proposal shall terminate. 
EFTA00587773
--- PAGE 8 ---
I I) (a) By executing this Proposal, Buyer hereby represents and warrants to Seller that on the 
date hereof and as of the Closing Date as follows: (A) Buyer is and will be in full 
compliance with all laws and regulations applicable to it including, without limitation, (i) 
ensuring that no person who owns a controlling interest in or otherwise controls Buyer is or 
shall be (Y) listed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Person List maintained 
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), Department of the Treasury, and/or any 
other similar lists maintained by OFAC pursuant to any authorizing statute, Executive Order 
or regulation or (Z) a person designated under Section 1(b), (c) or (d) of Executive Order No. 
13224 (September 23, 2001), any related enabling legislation or any other similar Executive 
Orders, and (ii) compliance with all applicable Bank Secrecy Act ("BSA") laws, regulations 
and government guidance on BSA compliance and on the prevention and detection of money 
laundering violations; (B) Buyer has adequate power and capacity to enter into, and perform 
under, the transaction as described herein and is duly qualified to do business wherever 
necessary to carry on its present business and operations; (C) this Proposal has been duly 
authorized, executed and delivered by Buyer and upon Buyer's acceptance of the Aircraft 
pursuant to Paragraph 1 above will constitute a valid, legal and binding agreement, 
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that the enforcement of 
remedies may be limited under applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws; (D) no approval, 
consent or withholding of objections is required from any governmental authority or entity 
with respect to the entry into or performance by Buyer of the transaction described herein 
except such as have already been obtained; and (E) the entry into and performance by Buyer 
of the transactions described herein do not and will not: (i) violate any judgment, order, law 
or regulation applicable to Buyer or any provision of Buyer's organizational documents; or 
(ii) result in any breach of, constitute a default under or result in the creation of any lien, 
charge, security interest or other encumbrance pursuant to any indenture, mortgage, deed of 
trust, bank loan or credit agreement or other instrument to which Buyer is a party. The 
representations and warranties with respect to Buyer set forth in this Section 11(a) shall 
survive the Closing. 
(b) By executing this Proposal, Seller hereby represents and warrants to Seller that on the date 
hereof and as of the Closing Date as follows: (A) Seller has title to the Aircraft and will at 
Closing convey to Buyer title to the Aircraft, free and clear of all Seller Liens; (B) Seller has 
adequate power and capacity to enter into, and perform under, the transaction as described 
herein and is duly qualified to do business wherever necessary to carry on its present 
business and operations with respect to the Aircraft; (C) this Proposal has been duly 
authorized, executed and delivered by Seller and upon Buyer's acceptance of the Aircraft 
pursuant to Paragraph 1 above will constitute a valid, legal and binding agreement, 
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that the enforcement of 
remedies may be limited under applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws; (D) no approval, 
consent or withholding of objections is required from any governmental authority or entity 
with respect to the entry into or performance by Seller of the transaction described herein 
except such as have already been obtained; and (E) the entry into and performance by Seller 
EFTA00587774
--- PAGE 9 ---
of the transactions described herein do not and will not: (i) violate any judgment, order, law 
or regulation applicable to Seller or any provision of Seller's organizational documents; or (ii) 
result in any breach of, constitute a default under or result in the creation of any lien, charge, 
security interest or other encumbrance pursuant to any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, 
bank loan or credit agreement or other instrument to which Seller is a party. 
The 
representations and warranties with respect to Seller set forth in this Section 11(b) shall 
survive the Closing. 
12)Neither party shall be liable for any failure or delay in closing the transaction 
contemplated hereby (other than for delay in the payment of money due and payable 
hereunder unless caused by a failure of the Federal Reserve wire transfer system) to the 
extent said failures or delays are proximately caused by events or circumstances beyond 
that party's control and occurring without its fault or negligence, including, without 
limitation, Acts of God or any governmental agency or authority, or any casualty 
occurrence or damage affecting the Aircraft (any such event, a "Force Majeure Event"). 
If such Force Majeure Event continues for ten (10) days from the onset, either party may 
terminate this Proposal, in which case, the terminating party shall notify the other party in 
writing of its intent to terminate this Proposal and instruct the Escrow Agent to return the 
Deposit to Buyer. In that event, the Escrow Agent shall immediately refund the Deposit to 
Buyer, and thereafter this Proposal shall terminate. 
I3)Except with respect to Seller's agreement that upon Buyer's signature and return of this 
Proposal, it will not further solicit, entertain or accept additional offers with respect to the 
Aircraft until such time as the transaction contemplated hereby is consummated or terminated 
according to the provisions hereof and the requirements set forth in Paragraph 1 and 
Paragraph 3 and as described in this paragraph, this Proposal (i) is not intended to, and does 
not create any binding legal obligation on either party; (ii) is not, and is not to be considered 
to be, a commitment by Seller or Buyer or any of their respective affiliates to enter into the 
proposed sale: (iii) is an expression of both parties' interest to consider the transaction 
generally based upon the terms and conditions outlined herein; and (iv) notwithstanding 
anything in this Proposal to the contrary, upon written acceptance by the Buyer of the 
Aircraft pursuant to Paragraph 1 hereof, this Proposal shall become a fully valid 
agreement that is binding on both Seller and Buyer and enforceable against each of 
them in accordance with its terms, notwithstanding any reference to such agreement as 
a "Proposal". Notwithstanding such written acceptance of the Aircraft pursuant to 
Paragraph 1 hereof, such commitment and agreement may be terminated by Seller at any 
time upon (i) Buyer's failure to meet Seller's "know your customer" and other disclosure 
requirements as determined by Seller in its sole discretion or (ii) Buyer's failure to comply 
with any term or condition hereof, which failure has not been cured within three Business 
Days after Buyer receives written notice from Seller specifying such default. 
Buyer 
acknowledges that this Proposal is being provided by Seller to Buyer prior to Seller having 
EFTA00587775
--- PAGE 10 ---
completed its internal "know your customer" and other disclosure requirements. Seller shall 
not be responsible in any way for any costs and expenses incurred by Buyer in connection 
with the transactions described herein in the event that Buyer fails to meet Seller's "know 
your customer" and other disclosure requirements. 
Notwithstanding anything in this 
Proposal to the contrary, if; at any time prior to completion of the Closing, Seller notifies 
Buyer that it has failed to satisfy Seller's internal "know your customer" and other disclosure 
requirements, Seller shall instruct Escrow Agent to return the Deposit to Buyer. In that event, 
(i) the Escrow Agent shall immediately, and without regard to any notices from or demands 
or consents by Seller or any other person, refund the Deposit to Buyer, and (ii) thereafter, this 
Proposal shall terminate. 
14) This Proposal and the rights hereunder shall not be assigned by Buyer without the prior 
written consent of Seller and any such attempted sale shall be void ab buffo; provided, 
however, that subject to satisfaction of Seller's know your customer requirements as 
determined by Seller in its sole and reasonable discretion and execution of a written 
assignment document in form acceptable to Seller, Buyer may assign its interests in this 
Proposal to a lender providing financing to Buyer in connection with this transaction. No 
assignment shall relieve the assignor of any of its obligations under this Proposal. This 
Proposal shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflicts 
of law principles other than Section 5-1401 and Section 5-1402 of the New York General 
Obligations Law. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
federal and state courts located in the State and County of New York in connection with any 
legal action, suit or proceeding with respect to any matter relating to or arising out of or in 
connection with this Proposal and fully waives any objection to the venue of such courts. To 
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each party hereby waives, and agrees not to 
assert, by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise, in any such suit action or proceeding any 
claim that is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that the suit, 
action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, or that the venue of the suit, action 
or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby unconditionally waives its rights to a jury trial 
of any claim or cause of acting arising out of the transactions contemplated by this Proposal. 
15) To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Seller 
is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who enters 
into a transaction with Seller. What this means for Buyer is that when the transaction 
contemplated hereby is consummated, Seller will ask for Buyer's name, address, and other 
information that will allow Seller to identify Buyer and Buyer's beneficial owners and 
related parties to the satisfaction of Seller. Seller may also ask to see identifying documents. 
Buyer hereby agrees to provide Seller with such requested information. 
16) Seller shall be responsible for, and hereby agrees to pay, any sales, use, excise and property 
taxes or any other taxes or tariffs assessed or levied by any taxing or governmental authority 
with respect to the purchase, ownership, operation, importation or exportation of the Aircraft 
prior to the Closing. Seller shall be responsible for, and hereby agrees to pay any income 
EFTA00587776
--- PAGE 11 ---
taxes imposed on Seller as a result of the sale of the Aircraft to Buyer hereunder, and any 
deferred taxes assessed and/or pertaining to events having occurred prior to the Closing. 
Buyer shall be responsible for, and hereby agrees to pay, any sales, use, excise and property 
taxes or any other taxes or tariffs assessed or levied by any taxing or governmental authority 
upon or as a result of the sale and purchase of the Aircraft hereunder or the ownership, 
operation, importation or exportation of the Aircraft on or after the Closing. 
17) Each party agrees that it will treat the Purchase Price as confidential and will not, without the 
prior written consent of the other, disclose such Purchase Price to any third party, except for 
disclosure to its lenders or other funding sources, attorneys, auditors, brokers, industry 
advisors, consultants or its successors or permitted assigns or as may reasonably be believed 
to be required by subpoena, applicable law or governmental regulations or as may be 
necessary to effect the transactions contemplated hereby, in which case the party so 
disclosing shall use good faith efforts to limit disclosure to such third parties on a need-to 
know basis. 
18) All notices and other communications required or permitted to be given under this Proposal 
shall be in writing and either hand-delivered or sent by PDF attachment to e-mail or 
nationally-utilized overnight delivery service on a priority basis, addressed as set forth in 
Appendix IV. Notices given by e-mail (other than PDF), fax or postal service shall not be 
effective. Any person may change its address for receipt of notices by written notice given 
as prescribed above. Notices shall be deemed to have been given and made on the Business 
Day on which hand-delivered or sent by PDF, or one Business Day after having been sent by 
nationally-utilized overnight delivery service on a priority basis. For all purposes of this 
Proposal, the term "Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which banks in New York, New York are required or authorized to open for business. 
19) Each party represents that it has not entered into any agreement for consulting fees, 
commissions, brokerage fees or similar fees to be paid in connection with the transactions 
contemplated by this Proposal that would become the obligation of the other party. Buyer 
agrees to be responsible for and to pay the fees and expenses of TBD in connection with the 
transactions contemplated by this Proposal in accordance with the terms and conditions of a 
separate agreement between them. Seller agrees to be responsible for and to pay the fees and 
expenses of Dallas Jet International, LP in connection with the transactions contemplated by 
this Proposal in accordance with the terms and conditions of a separate agreement between 
them. 
20) This Proposal (including all Appendices) may for all purposes be executed in several 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all such counterparts, taken 
together, shall constitute one and the same instrument, even though all parties may not have 
executed the same counterpart. Each party may transmit its signature by PDF to the other 
party, and any signature and/or counterpart sent in this manner shall have the same force and 
effect as a manually executed original. 
EFTA00587777
--- PAGE 12 ---
21) This Proposal (including the Appendices hereto) sets forth the entire understanding between 
the parties with respect to sale and purchase of the Aircraft and supersedes any and all other 
agreements, understandings, communications, representations or negotiations, whether oral 
or written, relating thereto. This Proposal may not be modified, waived or amended other 
than by an instrument in writing executed by both Seller and Buyer. 
(signature page follows) 
EFTA00587778
--- PAGE 13 ---
If you are in concurrence with the terms of this Proposal, please acknowledge by signing the 
acceptance below and returning it by pdf to brian.huber@ge.com by 5:00 p.m. on March 28, 
2016. 
Should you have any questions, please contact me on (203) 546-4495. 
Sincerely, 
PATH AIR, LLC 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
of GE Capital US Holdings, Inc., its attorney in 
fact 
The foregoing Proposal is hereby accepted: 
SFS, LLC 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
ESCROW AGENT: 
Insured Aircraft Title Service hereby accepts the terms and 
conditions of this Proposal and agrees to perform and discharge 
all of the duties and obligations of the Escrow Agent hereunder 
strictly in accordance with the terms hereof: 
Insured Aircraft Title Service 
By: 
Name:  
Title:  
Date: 
EFTA00587779
--- PAGE 14 ---
Appendix I 
CERTIFICATE OF PRE-DELI VERY CONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE OR REJECTION 
CHOOSE ONE: 
The Aircraft, as described below, has been inspected and flown to 
determine that the Aircraft is satisfactory to Buyer and Buyer's selection of this option 
and signature on this Certificate of Pre-Delivery Conditional Acceptance or Rejection 
evidences its unconditional acceptance of the Aircraft in accordance with the terms of the 
Proposal between Buyer and Seller dated March 
2016 (the Proposal"), subject in all 
respects to performance in full by Seller of all of its obligations thereunder. 
 The Aircraft, as described below, is hereby rejected by Buyer in its 
sole discretion. Buyer hereby terminates the Proposal and Seller is free to remarket the 
Aircraft to any person or entity it sees fit, and the Deposit referred to in the Proposal shall 
be immediately returned to Buyer at Buyer's direction: 
Aircraft Description: 
Make and Model: 
Serial No.: 
Registration No.: 
Make and Model of Engines: 
Serial numbers: 
Gulfstream 550 
5017 
N62MS 
Rolls-Royce BR710C4-11 
15137 and 15136. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Buyer has caused this Certificate of Pre-Delivery 
Acceptance or Rejection to be executed by its duly authorized representative this 
day of 
2016. 
SFS, LLC 
By: 
Name:  
Title: 
EFTA00587780
--- PAGE 15 ---
Appendix II 
AIRCRAFT LIMITED WARRANTY Bill. OF SALE 
Path Air, LLC ("Seller) in consideration of the sum of Eighteen Million Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars (S111,500,000.00) paid 
by SFS, LLC (hereinafter called "Bum"), receipt of which is acknowledged, hereby grants. sells, transfers and delivers to Buyer the airframe. 
engines and auxiliary power unit described below, together with all of the equipment and accessories installed thereon, all related log books. 
records and manuals, spare pans, and loose and support equipment related to thereto to the extent any of the foregoing are in Seller's possession 
or under Seller's control (the "Aircraft"), 
Aircraft Description: 
Make and Model: 
Gulfstream 550 
Serial No.: 
5017 
Registration No.: 
N62MS 
Make and Model of Engines: Rolls-Royce BR710C4-I 1, Serial numbers:15137 and 15136 
Make and Model of APU: Honeywell RE220 (GV) 
Serial Number. 
P-327. 
BUYER IS PURCHASING THE AIRCRAFT DESCRIBED ABOVE IN RELIANCE UPON ITS PERSONAL INSPECTION AND 
KNOWLEDGE OF THE AIRCRAFT AND IN AN "AS IS, WHERE-IS" CONDITION. 
EXCEPT AS SET FORTH HEREIN, SELLER MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND OR NATURE 
EXCEPT THAT (I) BUYER WILL ACQUIRE BY THE TERMS OF THIS AIRCRAFT LIMITED WARRANTY BILL OF SALE TITLE TO 
THE AIRCRAFT FREE FROM ALL CLAIMS AND ENCUMBRANCES CREATED BY SELLER OR ANY PERSON CLAIMING BY, 
THROUGH OR UNDER SELLER AND (2) SELLER HAS THE RIGHT TO SELL THE AIRCRAFT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE 
GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, SELLER MAKES NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE QUALITY, CONTENT. 
CONDITION, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE AIRCRAFT AND NO WARRANTIES 
AGAINST PATENT INFRINGEMENT OR THE LIKE AND NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO, OR ARISING OUT OF, THE 
ACCURACY. COMPLETENESS, CONTENT OR EXISTENCE. OF ANY LOG BOOKS, CERTIFICATES, OR MAINTENANCE RECORDS. 
Buyer agrees to save and hold harmless Seller from and against any and all federal, state, municipal and local license fees and taxes of any kind 
or nature that Buyer would normally incur, or that would normally be assessed against Buyer as a consequence of the sale of the Aircraft to Buyer, 
or the ownership, possession, operation or use of the Aircraft by. Buyer from and after the execution and delivery of this Aircraft Limited 
Warranty Bill of Sale to Buyer 
This Aircraft Limited Warranty Bill of Sale may for all purposes be executed in several counterparts. each of which shall be deemed an original. 
and all such counterparts. taken together. shall constitute one and the same instrument, even though both parties may not have executed the same 
counterpart. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Buyer have executed this Aircraft Limited Warranty Bill of Sale this 
day of 
2016. 
SELLER: 
BUYER: 
PATH AIR, LLC 
SFS, LLC 
By: 
By: 
Name: 
Name: 
Title: 
Title: 
of GE Capital US Holdings. Inc., attorney in fact 
EFTA00587781
--- PAGE 16 ---
Appendix III 
AIRCRAFT DELIVERY RECEIPT 
TYPE AIRCRAFT: Gulfstream 550 
SERIAL NUMBER: 5017 
REGISTRATION NO.: N62MS 
PLACE OF DELIVERY: 
DATE OF DELIVERY: 
AIRFRAME HOURS:  
LANDINGS: 
TIME OF DELIVERY: 
ENGINE SERIAL NUMBER 15137: 
TOTAL TIME: 
 TOTAL CYCLES: 
ENGINE SERIAL NUMBER 15136: 
TOTAL TIME: 
APU SERIAL NUMBER P-327 
TOTAL TIME: 
TOTAL CYCLES: 
TOTAL CYCLES: 
Received from Path Air, LLC ("Seller"), at the time and place set forth above, in accordance 
with the Aircraft Limited Warranty Bill of Sale dated as of 
, 2016 between 
Seller and SFS, LLC ("Buyer"). 
The undersigned is authorized by Buyer to accept the above referenced Aircraft and has accepted 
same. 
(signature page follows) 
EFTA00587782
--- PAGE 17 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Buyer has caused this Aircraft Delivery Receipt to be executed by 
its duly authorized representative this 
day of 
, 2016. 
Used Aircraft Accepted and Received by: 
BUYER: 
SFS, LLC 
BY: 
TITLE: 
DATE: 
EFTA00587783
--- PAGE 18 ---
Appendix IV 
ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES 
Seller: 
Path Air, LLC 
Wooster Heights, Lee Farm 
Danbury, Connecticut 06810 
Attn: Brian Huber 
E-mail: brian.huber@ge.com 
Buyer:
SFS, LLC 
do Muchnick, Golieb & Golieb, P.C. 
200 Park Avenue South, Suite 1700 
New York, New York 10003 
Escrow Agent: 
Insured Aircraft Title Service 
P.O. Box 19527 
Oklahoma City, OK 73144 
Attn: 
E-mail: 
EFTA00587784

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587785.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587785.pdf
----------------------------------------
NYSG 
Phone 
FAX 
To: 
Sean Ross 
From: 
Fax: 
Pages: 
including cover 
Phone! 
Date: 
11/17/06 
Re: 
Kawasaki Purchase 
cc: 
Comments: 
Sean, 
I need the ATV's sent to Tropical Shipping 
there 
a 
: contact 
is Terese Rivers 
The invoice should read as follows: 
Little St. James Island 
Care of Miles Alexander 
6100 Red Hook Quarters 83 
St. Thomas USVI 00802 
Thank you, 
Emad Hanna 
EFTA00587785

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587786.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587786.pdf
----------------------------------------
BILL OF SALE OF BOAT / VESSEL 
(Sold "As-Is" without Warranty) 
ST. THOMAS, USVI 
Effective as of May 24, 2007 
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS: 
THAT, Sunbow Ocean Services ("Seller"), of St. Thomas, United States Virgin Islands, in consideration 
of the payment of Ten Dollars ($10) and other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby 
acknowledged, does hereby sell and transfer to Michelle's Transportation Company, LLC. ("Buyer"), of 
St. Thomas, United States Virgin Islands, its successors and assigns, the following boat ("Boar), which is 
located in the State of Virginia: 
The vessel named Miss Ava, an Aluminum twin screw LCM-8 Landing Craft, Official 
Number 1108579. 
To have and to hold the same unto Buyer and Buyer's executors, administrators, and assigns, forever. 
WARRANTY OF OWNERSHIP. The Seller warrants that the Seller is the true and lawful owner of the 
Boat, and that the Boat is free of any and all liens, claims and other encumbrances. 
DISCLAIMER OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES. OTHER THAN THE SELLER'S WARRANTY OF 
OWNERSHIP STATED ABOVE, THE BUYER TAKES THE BOAT, THE ENGINES INCLUDED 
THEREWITH, AND THE EQUIPMENT INCLUDED THEREWITH, "AS-IS" WITHOUT ANY 
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THEIR CONDITION, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE, OR OTHERWISE. THE BUYER HAS PERSONALLY INSPECTED THE BOAT, ENGINE (S), 
AND EQUIPMENT AND ACCEPTS THEM "AS-IS". 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Seller and the Buyer have each signed this Bill of Sale below as of the date 
of the day, month and year first above written. 
Seller: 
Buyer: 
SUNBOW OCEAN SERVICES 
MICHELLE'S TRANSPORTATION COMPANY, LLC 
Signature 
Signature 
Printed Name: 
Printed Name: 
EFTA00587786

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587787.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587787.pdf
----------------------------------------
VIRGINIA TO FLORIDA 
Captain Steve Rampino 14 days x $350/day 
Captain Jerry Berryhill 14 days x $250/day 
Engineer Jimmy Weir 14 days x $250/day 
TOTAL CREW NORFOLK TO FLORIDA 
Leave STT AM 5/21 arrive Norfolk PM 
5/22 - Prep boat to sail and install equipment for operations, paint wheelhouse 
5/23 - Prep to sail, install equipment, paint wheelhouse 
5/24 — Get underway AM 
Traveling 6AM — 8PM daily should make 100 miles/day 
5/25-6/1 continue travel 
6/2 arrive Port Everglades late afternoon 
6/3 - Travel to STT Rampino and Berryhill. Weir to transit Caribbean with new crew. 
Airfare STT to Norfolk 5/21 to STT 
r/t tickets - 5/21 to Norfolk, 6/3 to STT 
Auto rental Norfolk 
Hotel 
5/21, 22, 23 
Per Diem 
5/21, 22, 23 
Hotel Dinner 
5/27, 30, 6/02 
Fuel 
9days-14hrs/day x 20ga1/hr 
Fuel Tanks 
x 2000ga1, 1 x 1600ga1 
Deck chairs 
Living trailer 
Freezer (if not in trailer) 
Life Raft Rental 
Generator Rental 3500watts 
days 
$ 16 x $50/day 
Fresh water tank 
250ga1s 
Misc. Sheets, foodservice, storage gas cans, food ice, water 16days 
Charts 
+ 10% Contingency 
$100 x 3 
$ 175 x 3 
$ 75 x 3 x 3 
$ 150x3x3 
$ 3/gal x 2520ga1s 
$ 25 x 2 
$ 4900 
$ 3500 
$ 3500 
$11,900 
$ 300 
$ 525 
$ 675 
$1,050 
$7,570 
$5,000 
$ 
$2,000 
$ 200 
TBD 
$ 900 
$ 300 
$2,000 
300 
$ 2.000 
TOTAL TRAVEL EXPENSES ST THOMAS to FLORIDA 
$ 21, 820 
EFTA00587787
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
FLORIDA TO ST THOMAS 
Richard De Badts 
Jimmy Weir 
Brian Crawford 
Ingvar Johannsen 
- Captain 
8.5 days at $ 300/day 
$2,550 
Engineer/driver 
7.0 days at $ 250/day 
$1,750 
Ist Mate/driver 8.5 days at $ 200/day 
$1,700 
driver/mechanic 8.5 days at $ 225/day 
$1,925
TOTAL CREW FLORIDA TO ST THOMAS 
$8,025 
Crew arrives Florida 6/2 — checkout boat, provision 6/3 - leave Florida 6/4 AM 
Travel Florida to St Thomas arrive 6/10 
Airfare St Thomas to Florida 3 tickets one-way 
$ 360 x3 
Auto rental Florida 
incl rtn taxi 
$ 150 x 1 
Per Diem 6/02-03 
$ 100 x3 
Fuel 
6days — 24hrs/day x 25ga1 
$ 3/gal x 3600ga1 
Food at Sea 
6days 
$ 100 x 6 
+ 10 % Contingency 
$ 1,080 
$ 150 
$ 
300 
$10,800 
$ 
600 
$ 1,300 
TOTAL TRAVEL EXPENSES FLORIDA to ST THOMAS 
$14,230 
TOTAL EXPENSES ROUNTRIP to DELVER LSJLCM to S THOMAS 
$ 55,975 
INSURANCE FOR THE CREW NEEDS TO BE ACQUIRED - STAGCORP and 
STEVEN RAMPINO NEED TO BE NAMED ADDITIONALLY INSURED 
These expenses include capital expenses of fuel tanks and trailer which can be resold upon 
reaching St Thomas. 
This budget is contingent on good weather, especially Florida to St Thomas. Bad weather on the 
ocean will extend delivery time and increase expenses. 
We are planning to make the transit non-stop from Florida to St Thomas, if questionable weather 
is predicted we will switch our route and go through the Bahamas and Turks and Caicos 
extending the ocean part of the trip by at least 2 days. 
EFTA00587788
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
SUMMARY OF CONSTRUCTION EXPENSES TO DATE AND FUNDS NEEDED FOR 
COMPLETION BEFORE BOAT LEAVES VIRGINIA 
Purchase Price 
Superstructure Construction 
Fuel Purchase 
Hydraulic Pistons 
Operating Equipment 
$ 150,000 paid in full 
$ 28,000 $ 14,000 paid —balance due 6/22/07 
$ 14,700 due 6/22/07 
$ 
9,900 due 6/22/07 
due 6/22/07 
Gauges — tachs, 
gauges, senders and keys 
$335 x 2 
$ 770 
oil, 
gauges and lines 
120 x 2 
240 
temp, 
gauges and wires 
165 x2 
330 
ammeters gauges and wire 
x2 
150 
Electrical Panel 
450 
Raritan rudder Indicator 
450 
Bilge Pumps 2000gal Rule 
161 x 2 
322 
Hi Water Level Alarm 
110 
12' Boat Hook 
Running Lights 
325 
Cabin Lights 
x 2 
100 
Chart light 
Searchlight w spare globe 
665 
Cargo Well lights 
x2 
130 
Horn 
255 
Man overboard Lights 
165 x2 
330 
Fog Bell 
100 
24v to 12v Converter 
220 
12v Deep Cycle Battery 
110 
12v Starting Batteries 
210 x 2 
420 
200 amp Battery Charger 
175 
Fuel transfer Pump 
198 
2" Crash Pump 
440 
2" suction and Discharge Hose 
100 
2ton Chain fall 
115 
Tie down Straps for fuel tanks 
x4 
140 
Fire Extinguishers 
145 x 4 
580 
Mounting Brackets 
x 4 
248 
Total This page 
$ 6,906 
EFTA00587789
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
VHF Radio Icom 422 
220 
Radio Antennae and Mount 
176 
Radar Fun.mo1930 -36 mile 
5100 
GPS Garmin 
365 
EPIRB Catl 
1070 
Compass 
270 
Life Jackets w lights, whistles 
110 x 6 
660 
Life Float incl float-free link and line 
1390 
Life rings 
125 x 2 
250 
Flare Kit 
305 
Boat Line 600' 3-strand nylon 
1055 
Anchor Chain 30' '/2 Galvanized Chain 
240 
Misc. Shackles 
150 
STEEL AND ALUMINUM TO COMPLETE MODIFICATIONS IN ST THOMAS 
- 7/8" 4' X 10' Steel Plate for Hinge Ramps 
1375 
- 1" x 20' Aluminum Square Stock for ramp sliders 
tbd 
— 4" x 20' I-Beam for Entrance Ramps 
tbd 
—'A" x 4" Flat bar for Hinge ramp support 
tbd 
Total this page 
$12,626 
All of the above items are being procured and installed by Ireland Marine of Chesapeake, 
Virginia. 
Labor rates for installation is quoted at $50/hr. approx 40 hrs is projected 
$2000 
To this point Ireland Marine is due a wire transfer totaling $ 58, 132.00 
by June 22, 2007. Including approx. labor and tbd items a wire for $ 60,000 should do. 
I will provide funds for any additional items that I may have missed (I'm sure I have). 
We will need recurring supplies like filters and hoses etc. 
Emad, this should give a real close budget of expenses. 
Please seek approval ASAP as ticket prices will change as advance purchase narrows. 
Steve 
EFTA00587790

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587791.pdf
----------------------------------------
BILL OF SALE 
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS THAT LAFAYETTE CONTRACTORS, 
LLC., a Virgin Islands limited liability company with a principal place of business at St. 
Thomas, USVI ("Grantor"), for consideration paid, does hereby grant, sell, transfer, and deliver 
to MICHELLES TRANSPORTATION COMPANY, LLC, a Virgin Islands limited liability 
company with its principal place of business at St. Thomas, USVI ("Grantee"), all of Grantor's 
right, title, and interest in and to the tangible personal property listed on Exhibit A attached 
hereto (the "Personal Property") "AS IS AND WHERE IS." 
TO HAVE AND TO HOLD all the Personal Property to the Grantee, its successors and 
assigns, for their own use and behalf forever. 
Grantor hereby covenants with Grantee that, to the best of Grantor's knowledge, there is 
no assignment, mortgage, or pledge of or other encumbrance upon the Personal Property. 
Grantor agrees to warrant and defend title to the Personal Property against any person, firm, 
corporation or other entity. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, LAFAYETTE CONTRACTORS, LLC by its President, 
has set its hand and seal to this Bill of Sale on this 14th day of May 2007. 
Lafayette Contractors, LLC. 
By: 
W. John Amerling 
Its: President 
ACCEPTED AND AGREED 
Michelle's Transportation Company, LLC. 
By: 
Jeffery E. Epstein 
Member 
EFTA00587791
--- PAGE 2 ---
EXHIBIT A 
Description of Personal Property Being Sold: 
1. One SEVENTY FOUR FOOT (74") LNV MOTORIZED BARGE KNOWN AS 
"BERTHA" WITH ALUMINUM HULL WITH 14' BEAM AND TWIN DIESEL 
CATERPILLAR ENGINES MODEL 
2. Together with all personal property currently attached or affixed to said vessel all 
"as is where is" at the Inland Marine dry dock in Chesapeake, Virginia. 
3. Lafayette does not now or at any time make any warranty or guarantee of the condition 
or seaworthiness of this vessel, express or implied including the warranty of 
MERCHANTABILITY and FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
EFTA00587792

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587793.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587793.pdf
----------------------------------------
GRANT OF AUTHORIZATION 
The Undersigned, Jeffrey E. Epstein, being the sole member of Michelle's 
Transportation Company., LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of 
the Territory of the United States Virgin Islands (the "Company") which is the owner of 
record title to a certain motorized 74' barge and known as "Bertha" (the "Vessel") hereby 
authorizes W. John Amerling, 6501 Red Hook Plaza, Suite 201, St. Thomas VI, 00802, 
for, on behalf of, and in the name of the Company, to execute all such applications, 
affidavits, permits, and other documents, and to pay such costs, fees and expenses, and to 
take all such other action, as may be necessary, appropriate, and/or desirable to register 
and document the Vessel for private, non commercial use as a pleasure or recreational 
Vessel or for the Member's private affairs within the Territory of the United States Virgin 
Islands, Puerto Rico, or the British Virgin Islands with: (i) the United States Coast Guard 
; (ii) the Department of Planning and Natural Resources of the United States Virgin 
Islands; and/or (iii)any other agency of a Territory or Commonwealth of the United 
States or the British Virgin Islands which has jurisdiction over the operation and use of 
the Vessels in the navigable waters of the Territory, Puerto Rico, and the British Virgin 
Islands. 
This Grant is a limited power of attorney which expires automatically on June 1, 2008. 
Dated: May 16, 2007 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Sole Member of L.S.J., LLC 
Witnesses 
EFTA00587793

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587794.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587794.pdf
----------------------------------------
MR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EAST 71ST STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 
10022 
J. P. MOLYNEUX STUDIO, LTD. 
PROPOSAL NO. 30440 
PAGE 1 
AMOUNT 
ITEMS FOR: ST JAMES - OFFICE 
OFFICE - LIECHTENSTEIN DESK 
Purchase of a large and rare cherrywood library, 
plan or map desk, Vienna circa 1820 from the 
princely house of Lichtenstein. 
Cost includes restoration. 
PLEASE NOTE: THIS ITEM BILLED IN POUNDS 
VENDOR: JOHN HOBBS LTD 
(-0.00-) 
AUGUST 14, 2006 
DEPOSIT 
ITEM 
E 150000.00X• E 150000.00 43610 
TOTAL 
E 150000.00 
E 150000.00 
PLEASE RETURN PROPOSAL WITH 100.00% DEPOSIT WHICH IS... E150000.00 
• ANTIQUES, FABRICS & OTHER MATERIALS REQUIRE 100% DEPOSIT 
TAX AND JPM FEE INCLUDED IN DEPOSITS REQUIRED ABOVE. 
X-NO TAX S-SPECIAL TAX 
SUBJECT TO 0.000% TAX, DELIVERY ADDITIONAL (F.O.B. ORIGIN) 
PLEASE MAKE YOUR CHECK PAYABLE TO: 
J.P. MOLYNEUX STUDIO, LTD. 
ACCEPTED: 
DATE 
EFTA00587794

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587795.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587795.pdf
----------------------------------------
Little St. James 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B3 
St. Thomas USVI 00802 
C/O Mr. Miles Alexander 
J. P. MOLYNEUX STUDIO, LTD. 
PROPOSAL NO. 29779 
PAGE 1 
"•LITTLE ST. JAMES•" 
MAIN HOUSE - ENTRANCE HALL - TERRACOTTA FIGURES 
One pair of mythological terracotta figures. Circa 
1859, Designs by Heinrich von Ferstel and formerly 
on the Stock Exchange building in Vienna. 
Statue with a horn: H-120.5cm, W-94cm, D-103cm 
Statue with a fork: H-164.5cm, W-122cm, D-109.25cm 
PLEASE NOTE THIS IS BILLED IN POUNDS 
VENDOR: JOHN HOBBS LTD 
(-0.00-) 
AMOUNT 
MAY 24, 2006 
DEPOSIT 
ITEM 
E 50000.00X• E 50000.00 42201 
TOTAL 
E 50000.00 
E 50000.00 
Total US $ 94,775.00 
PLEASE RETURN PROPOSAL WITH 100.00% DEPOSIT WHICH IS... E50000.00 
• ANTIQUES, FABRICS & OTHER MATERIALS REQUIRE 100% DEPOSIT 
TAX AND JPM FEE INCLUDED IN DEPOSITS REQUIRED ABOVE. 
X-NO TAX S-SPECIAL TAX 
SUBJECT TO 8.625% TAX, DELIVERY ADDITIONAL (F.O.B. ORIGIN) 
PLEASE MAKE YOUR CHECK PAYABLE TO: 
III. MOLYNEUX STUDIO, LTD. 
ACCEPTED: 
DATE 
EFTA00587795

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587796.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587796.pdf
----------------------------------------
Stream Engine 
The Stream is the electronic story of your life. Since Lifestreams first emerged in the early part of 
the 21" century, streams have become the central construct for collecting and sharing the stories 
of hundreds of millions of people around the globe. 
Contemporary streams, however, are fragmented, split among different audiences, different 
platforms, and different media. I update my Facebook status to tell one story to a group of 
people generously labeled "friends"; I tweet my deepest 140-character-or-less thoughts to an 
overlapping but distinct group of "followers"; I blog to the world at large through WordPress; 
connect to colleagues, real and desired, via Linkedln; and carefully restrict the most precious 
thoughts, images, and memories of life to a small cadre of relatives and dose friends through 
email. 
In short, the virtual version of my life turns out to be too much like the real version — scattered 
all over the place, difficult to manage, with gaping holes and lost receipts, forgotten ex-
girlfriends and missed opportunities. 
The inventors of Lifestreams plan to remedy this mess with the Stream Engine, an innovative 
platform to collect and (to the extent you choose) publish the electronic story of your life. Just as 
the steam engine revolutionized transportation and industry, the Stream Engine will change the 
way information is gathered and shared in the 21" century. 
Building your personal stream. Our software makes it easy for you to build your own lifestream. 
The Stream Engine is a secretary who follows you around. You toss anything you like into it, 
marked private or public. You can write short notes (like tweets) or speak them and add them 
The information contained in this document is strictly confidential and is supplied on the understanding 
that it will be held confidentially. 
EFTA00587796
--- PAGE 2 ---
directly to the stream. You can add photos, emails, other messages, videos, documents, URLs 
and so forth. Widgets and apps automate much of the collection work, and plug-ins let you 
display the public portions of your stream in blogging, social media, and other sites. Of course, 
your complete personal stream is available (to you) online, on any network-enabled device, at any 
time. 
Stream TV. The true power and value of the Stream Engine is most apparent in the sub-systems 
for viewing and sharing streams. In the simplest case, you rewind and watch your own stream, 
maybe every morning or evening; more likely when you need to look back and check something, 
or want to revisit some aspect of your past (the family vacation in Aspen, say, or letters from a 
friend). You can tune in to the public portion of your friends' streams to keep track of what 
they're doing and planning. 
The Stream Engine includes a "blender" that lets you combine multiple streams into a single uber 
stream on the fly. Tune in to the family stream (consisting of each member's individual stream 
blended together) for simple intra-family scheduling, reminding & so forth. "I need someone to 
pick me up at 4." "We're all going to the game tonight." "Pick up some stuff on your way 
home," etc. 
Another simple, practical application: people outside the family core (grandparents, etc) can 
watch the family streams of their children -- video of the game, photos of the beach, report cards 
and so forth. 
Software filters on Stream TV let you tune in to specific data (channels), summarize content 
from multiple sources, and highlight important information (or suppress unimportant stuff). 
You can select and review individual items, or filter and play back the stream in a multimedia 
slideshow. 
The stream has utility for businesses, too. Departmental workgroups can use blended streams as 
a talk, workflow and scheduling channel that later becomes a documentation channel. Managers 
can blend workgroup streams into departmental streams; executives can blend department 
streams into company streams. Again, filters allow users at each level of the organization to 
focus on just the information they're interested in. 
EFTA00587797
--- PAGE 3 ---
Why do it? (1) Normal people move through their lives quickly; often want to come back 
to something, take a second look, remember a thought, remember to give something 
fuller attention or revisit a quick decision. These are "private" entries for your own 
purposes. (2) People want to keep their colleagues, friends or family informed of work or 
personal developments or plans, or show or share photos, videos and so forth with family 
or friends. (3) Young people often have the manic desire to document and publish, at 
least to their friends, everything they do, and everything of the slightest interest that they 
come across on the web. 
The Stream Engine Platform 
The Stream Engine will be built in two phases: Phase one lets a user signup quickly for his own 
Personal Stream in the cloud (as easy as joining Facebook Connect and naming your stream). In 
this phase we will provide a few simple tools for putting content into the stream and simple 
viewers (including a plugin for WordPress, the world's most popular publishing platform). To 
add information to your stream we'll also provide an "Add to PS" button that can be added to 
any site to put content yo the stream. 
We'll also provide a public API that others can use to create new types of viewers across devices 
and platforms (iPad, Android, game consoles, etc.) as well as a protocol for adding content to the 
stream. We expect to let the community build out these tools as we focus on phase two. 
Phase two provides analydcs and stream operations (search, squishes, merges, etc.). By building 
these meta tools we gain intelligence about what the user population is doing, and this can be 
leveraged on either a micro level (through advertising) or at a macro level (measuring the 
attention of the internet across variety of media types). 
The Business 
The core Stream Engine platform will be a free, web-based service for personal use. The 
Company will seek to monetize a growing user base through targeted advertising, with an option 
for users to pay a modest monthly fee to suppress the display of ads. 
EFTA00587798
--- PAGE 4 ---
The Company will make the core platform available for download as an open-source project, 
restricted to personal use in creating stand-alone stream engines. We believe that the availability 
of a downloadable, open-source implementation of the Stream Engine will spark independent 
development of add-ons, and features that will increase the user-base, improve the system, and 
help establish the Stream Engine as a de facto standard for creating and using streams. We will 
maintain a community site (in the form of a stream, naturally) where such enhancements can be 
published, rated, and downloaded by users. 
A stand-alone version of the platform will be made available for commercial use for an annual 
license fee. 
The Company will also seek revenue from the licensing of premium features, such as the Stream 
Blender, advanced search and filter functionality, and plug-ins for specific third-party services, as 
well as through technical support to corporate users. 
Finally, we will pursue revenue from the collective intelligence provided by a growing user base. 
Monitoring services, analytics and other, similar tools of interest to corporate customers offer an 
opportunity to monetize the rich data available across the streams of our users. 
Ultimately, the Company expects that a larger enterprise will see value in our products and 
technology and seek to integrate the Stream Engine into its own product line by acquiring the 
Company. Logical candidates include operating system vendors (Microsoft, Apple), social 
media services (Facebook, Twitter), network vendors (Cisco) or companies providing 
collaboration, corporate intelligence, and data-mining services (IBM, Oracle). 
We believe that modest start-up and development costs, a compelling product vision, the 
emerging centrality of streams on the Internet, the proven track record of the Company's 
founders in predicting and pursuing the future, and a strong marketplace need auger well for this 
project's success. 
David H. Gelemter 
Eric T. Freeman 
Louis Nemeth 
EFTA00587799
--- PAGE 5 ---
May, 2011 
EFTA00587800

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587801.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587801.pdf
----------------------------------------
154 rues des Rosiers 
93400 Saint Ouen 
France 
• 
EANY ART DECO 
So. NOV 
WWW.BDVDECO.COM 
(042221039i0611503124 
FAIT A SAINT OUEN 30 06 2015 
80x80 cm 
EFTA00587801
--- PAGE 2 ---
110 x 70 cm 
EFTA00587802
--- PAGE 3 ---
140 x80 cm 
EFTA00587803
--- PAGE 4 ---
[
80x 80 cm 
EFTA00587804
--- PAGE 5 ---
140 x 80 cm 
EFTA00587805

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587806.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587806.pdf
----------------------------------------
MICHAEL J. ZINSKY, CPA 
10625 Shilling Road Frankfort, IL 60423 
SUMMARY 
Accomplished professional with over 17 years of broad based tax experience with a specific focus on high net worth individuals, 
estate and income tax planning as well as wealth and investment portfolio planning. Exceptional leader and effective team 
player skilled at implementing innovative strategies to enhance performance, meet or surpass financial objectives, and drive 
profitable growth. Proficient communicator with the ability to motivate and lead, improving efficiency and bringing value to the 
organization. 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE 
Taxation & Compliance - Estate & Income Tax Planning - Wealth & Investment Portfolio Planning - Relationship Management 
Strategic Thinking - Risk Management - Business Acumen - Communication - Project Management -Leadership & Mentoring 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
PANDUIT CORP., TINLEY PARK, IL 
2010 to Present 
FAMILY OFFICE DIRECTOR 
Oversaw all aspects of a multi-generational family office including income, wealth, and estate tax planning, payroll, budgeting 
and financial reporting for approximately three dozen adult family members. Worked collaboratively with outside service 
providers to ensure the needs and goals of the family were met Worked with family office staff of ten to manage various 
investment portfolios, prepare security research reports and train staff and family members regarding investment strategies. 
Worked closely with key personnel of the family owned operating company to evaluate and plan for taxes and other operational 
drivers. Implemented best practices within the family office including enhanced governance procedures. 
Selected Accomplishments: 
• 
Designed and developed a secure family website to provide 24 hour access to important financial and personal 
information 
• 
Instrumental in the transition of firm and family office functions from the First to Second and Third generations 
• 
Developed a system of intemal controls to safeguard financial assets of the organization and it's family members 
• 
Enhanced and led the production of monthly financial reports and issued the output to the family as appropriate 
• 
Implemented effective financial planning and management including budget preparation and cash flow management 
• 
Assisted in the development of the family's investment policy and asset allocation models, analyzed investment 
opportunities and monitored investment performance 
• 
Worked on the sale of several large real estate properties and a like-kind exchange that allowed the family to defer a 
taxable transaction 
• 
Negotiated reduced fees for investment transactions as well as mortgage interest rates for the family 
• 
Assisted in the setup of six new operating businesses for various family members each involving the review of a business 
plan, proper tax structuring, and coordinating with my network of other advisors 
• 
Trusted advisor to the family for life events such as real estate and auto purchases, marriage/divorce, insurance 
purchases, deaths in the family, as well as review of co-investment deals and contracts from a financial perspective 
• 
Developed various checklists, procedures, and education programs for the family relating to mortgage applications, estate 
administration, investment training, budgeting, hiring of household help, executive vehicle program, executive medical 
program, orientation into the famly office, and governance procedures 
• 
Responsible for overall communication from the family office as well agenda setting and leading intergenerational family 
meetings 
EFTA00587806
--- PAGE 2 ---
MILLER COOPER & CO., CHICAGO, IL 
2009 to 2010 
SENIOR TAX MANAGER 
Responsible for compliance work including review of Subchapter C and S corporations, partnerships, trusts, high net worth 
individuals and state income tax returns for a variety of industries. Researched a variety of complex issues and communicated 
results to clients. Consulted with clients regarding federal and state audits. Responsible for the training and development of 
staff. 
Selected Accomplishments: 
• 
Assisted in the development and implementation of a firm-wide income tax planning idea database to increase firm 
revenue and go to market with a more consistent approach 
• 
Developed a new ASC 740 (formerly FAS 109) income tax provision package to increase overall efficiency of preparing and 
reviewing provisions 
MORGAN STANLEY, OAK BROOK TERRACE, IL 
2008 to 2009 
SENIOR TAX MANAGER 
Assisted in the development of new investment products. Responsible for compliance work including review of Subchapter C 
corporations, partnerships and regulated investment companies. Performed research on identified issues and documented the 
conclusions in technical memorandums. Analyzed changes in tax law to evaluate impact on the company. Managed 
relationships with outside service providers. Responsible for the training and development of staff. 
Selected Accomplishments: 
• 
Assisted in the development of a variety of new investment products and provided tax sign-off 
• 
Improved operational efficiency by reviewing all tax returns relating to the Van Kampen Group of mutual funds; Review 
Included all investment vehicles as well as corporate entities 
• 
Served as the Tax Lead on all Unit Investment Trusts which represented a significant portion of the assets of Van Kampen 
DELOITTE TAX LLP, CHICAGO, IL 
1997 to 2004/2007 to 2008 
SENIOR TAX MANAGER 
Responsible for compliance work including review of Subchapter C and S corporations, partnerships, high net worth individuals 
and state income tax returns for a variety of Industries. This review included communicating possible alternative return positions 
to clients. Consulted with clients regarding federal and state audits. Performed research for and consulted with clients on a 
variety of complex issues including mergers, acquisitions and tax-free restructurings. Researched, developed and utilized 
leading-edge tax planning strategies. Managed all areas of the client service team, including the utilization of national and local 
specialists. Recruited, counseled and trained new members of the tax practice. 
Selected Accomplishments: 
• 
Managed overall tax fees of $2.5million after increasing the fees from $1.5million over a five year period 
• 
Developed extensive leadership experience through the oversight of 30 separate client service teams with over 20 tax 
staff and managers on the largest of the teams 
• 
Assisted in the development and implementation of complex tax planning initiatives 
• 
Assisted in the structuring of new operating businesses in order to achieve the most efficient tax vehicle 
• 
Oversaw and trained approximately two dozen tax professionals on my largest client project 
FIRST TRUST PORTFOLIOS, L.P., LISLE, IL 
2004 to 2007 
TAX DIRECTOR 
Reviewed partnership and corporate income tax returns from a compliance perspective that included communicating alternative 
filing positions to the Chief Financial Officer. Reviewed tax provisions for Subchapter C corporations and regulated investment 
companies that included recommendations for minimizing the C corporation's effective tax rate. Assisted in the development of 
new regulated investment company and unit investment trust products. Managed relationships with outside service providers. 
Selected Accomplishments: 
• 
Assisted in the development of one of the industry's first closed-end fund MLP investment vehicles 
• 
Responsible for tax sign-off on all new investment vehicle launches and product development ideas 
• 
Saved the company $250,000+ in further outsourcing costs 
• 
Built and trained a tax team 
EFTA00587807
--- PAGE 3 ---
EDUCATION & AWARDS 
Chartered Financial Analyst Level III Candidate - SittingJune 2015 
Master of Science, Taxation - Depaul University (GPA: 3.5/4.0) 
Bachelor of Science, Accounting - University of Illinois at Chicago (GPA: 4.95/5.0) 
Valedictorian and Accounting Department Student Awards recipient at UIC 
Received 3 Commanding Officer's Letters of Commendation while serving in the U.S. Navy 
References available on request 
EFTA00587808

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587809.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587809.pdf
----------------------------------------
LEON BLACK 
AS 
GRANTOR 
TO 
LEON BLACK 
AND 
MELANIE SPINELLA 
AS 
TRUSTEES 
OF 
THE J. BLACK TRUST 
DATED JANUARY 28, 2014 
EFTA00587809
--- PAGE 2 ---
TRUST AGREEMENT dated January 28, 2014 by and among LEON 
BLACK, as Grantor, and LEON BLACK and MELANIE SPINELLA, as Trustees. 
FIRST 
Transfer to Trustees 
The Grantor hereby transfers to the Trustees, IN TRUST, and the 
Trustees hereby acknowledge receipt of, the assets and property listed in Schedule 
A hereto, and the Trustees acknowledge that the Grantor may transfer additional 
assets and property to the Trust, to be held on the terms and conditions set forth in 
this Trust Agreement. Said assets and property and all investments and 
reinvestments thereof, and all proceeds thereof which constitute principal, and any 
assets and property hereafter transferred to the Trust, are hereinafter collectively 
called "principal." 
SECOND 
Definitions 
Wherever used in this Trust Agreement: 
A. 
The word "Trustees" and all references to the Trustees shall 
mean and refer to the Trustees hereinbefore named and any additional or successor 
Trustees or Trustee, as may be acting hereunder from time to time and shall be 
EFTA00587810
--- PAGE 3 ---
construed in the masculine, feminine or neuter and in the singular or plural, 
whichever is consistent with the facts prevailing at any given time. 
B. 
The words "IN TRUST" shall mean "'in trust, nevertheless, to 
hold, manage, invest and reinvest, and, until payment thereof as hereinafter 
directed, to receive the income thereof." 
C. 
The word "pay" shall, where applicable, mean "convey, transfer 
and pay" and the word "payment" shall, where applicable, mean "conveyance, 
transfer and payment." 
D. 
The word "Trust" shall mean the trust created under this Trust 
Agreement. 
E. 
The words "Code" and "Internal Revenue Code" shall mean 
and refer to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the same shall have been 
amended from time to time. 
THIRD 
Dispositive Provisions 
A. 
The Trustees, in their complete and uncontrolled discretion are 
authorized to distribute any part or all of the income or principal of the Trust 
(either outright or in further trust, upon such terms and conditions as the Trustees, 
acting jointly, shall determine in their sole and absolute discretion) to any one or 
more persons then living from a class consisting of: 
EFTA00587811
--- PAGE 4 ---
1. 
All family members of the Grantor, whether by blood 
relationship, adoptive relationship or marital relationship, including, without 
limitation (a) the Grantor's spouse, (b) the ancestors of the Grantor or the 
Grantor's spouse, (c) the lineal descendants of the Grantor, the Grantor's spouse, 
or the ancestors of the Grantor or the Grantor's spouse, and (d) the spouse of any 
such lineal descendants. For purposes of this clause Al of this Article THIRD, 
relations created by adoption or marriage, including, without limitation, step 
relations, shall be considered family members; and 
2. 
All persons or entities that at any time during the five (5) 
years immediately preceding the date of this Trust Agreement have been 
designated as recipients of gifts from the Grantor on any federal gift tax return 
previously filed or to be filed hereafter by Grantor in respect of any of the years 
during such five (5) year period; 
in such amounts and proportions and to the exclusion of any one or more of them 
as the Trustees, acting jointly, may determine. This power of distribution shall 
include the power to distribute all of the Trust assets, thereby terminating the Trust. 
B. 
The foregoing notwithstanding, the Trustees (other than Leon 
Black) then acting (including the case where only one such Trustee other than 
Leon Black is then serving), acting jointly (or singly in the case of only one 
Trustee then acting), shall have the right, during the lifetime of the Grantor, to 
EFTA00587812
--- PAGE 5 ---
delete or add beneficiaries under this Article THIRD by an acknowledged 
instrument delivered to the Grantor, provided that neither (1) the Grantor, nor (2) 
any Trustee then acting, nor (3) any member of the family, the estate, the creditors 
or the creditors of the estate of any Trustee may be added as a beneficiary under 
this Trust. 
C. 
The Trustees shall not be accountable to any Court or any 
person regarding the exercise or nonexercise of this completely discretionary 
authority. Any income not distributed may be added to principal. 
D. 
Unless terminated by the Trustees at an earlier date, this Trust 
shall terminate twenty-one years after the death of the last lineal descendant of the 
Grantor now in being, and any undistributed income and remaining principal will 
be distributed to any of the then surviving beneficiaries of this Trust as the 
Trustees shall determine, in such amounts and proportions and to the exclusion of 
any one or more of them as the Trustees, acting jointly, may determine. 
E. 
The Trust created pursuant to this Trust Agreement may be 
referred to as "THE J. BLACK TRUST." 
FOURTH 
Governing Law; Claims or Charges Against Grantor or his Estate 
A. 
This Trust Agreement and the trust created by it shall in all 
respects and for all purposes be governed and regulated by the laws of the State of 
EFTA00587813
--- PAGE 6 ---
New York as they now exist and may from time to time be enacted, amended, or 
repealed. All questions regarding the validity, construction, and administration of 
this Trust Agreement, or any of its provisions, and of this Trust shall be determined 
solely by the laws of the State of New York. 
B. 
No portion of the income or principal of the Trust shall be 
liable for the payment of any taxes, liabilities, debts or any other claims or charges 
against the Grantor or the estate of the Grantor. 
FIFTH 
Trustees 
A. 
In the event that Melanie Spinella shall hereafter be unwilling, 
unable or unavailable to continue serving as Trustee, Thomas Turrin is hereby 
designated as her successor Trustee. In addition, each of the Trustees, acting 
singly, or the Grantor, is authorized to designate, at any time and from time to 
time, one or more additional or successor Trustees of the Trust by a written 
instrument duly acknowledged by the person designating such additional or 
successor Trustees. 
B. 
Designations shall be in writing and may be revoked by a 
written instrument duly acknowledged by the person making such designation at 
any time prior to the qualification of the Trustee so designated. 
EFTA00587814
--- PAGE 7 ---
C. 
Any Trustee may resign by giving notice to take effect on the 
date specified in said notice, except that if the resigning Trustee is the last acting 
Trustee, and no successor designated pursuant to the provisions of this Article is 
available to succeed him or her, then his or her resignation shall not be effective 
until he or she designates a successor and such successor qualifies to act. 
D. 
A Trustee may resign or qualify only by a written instrument, 
duly acknowledged by the resigning Trustee, mailed or delivered to a Trustee then 
acting, or if none, to his or her successor, in the case of a resignation, or in any 
case to the Grantor. 
E. 
The Grantor shall have the power at any time and from time to 
time to remove any Trustee of the Trust by a written instrument, duly 
acknowledged by the Grantor, mailed or delivered to the Trustees then acting, and 
such removal shall be effective on the date specified in such written instrument, or 
if no date is specified, on the date of such mailing or delivery. 
F. 
If the last remaining Trustee dies, is unable to or unwilling to 
continue to act as Trustee of the Trust and if there is no successor Trustee 
designated pursuant to Section A of this Article FIFTH who is willing to act, the 
Grantor shall designate a successor by an instrument in writing, duly 
acknowledged by the Grantor. In the event the Grantor shall be unwilling, unable 
or unavailable to so designate a successor Trustee, the legally competent adult 
EFTA00587815
--- PAGE 8 ---
Beneficiary (or a majority in beneficial interest of the legally competent adult 
Beneficiaries if there are multiple Beneficiaries) then entitled or permitted to 
receive income from such trust shall designate a successor Trustee by an 
instrument in writing delivered to the designated Trustee. If the legally competent 
adult Beneficiaries do not designate a successor Trustee within sixty days after 
receipt of notice of such vacancy or if there is no legally competent adult 
Beneficiary of such trust, then a successor Trustee shall be named by order of a 
court of competent jurisdiction. All of the fees and expenses of the Trustees 
(including attorneys' fees) attributable to the appointment of a successor Trustee of 
this Trust shall be paid from the assets of this Trust. 
G. 
Anything 
contained 
in 
the 
foregoing 
provisions 
notwithstanding, no person who is a person described in Section 672(c) of the 
Code, in relation to the Grantor, shall hereafter be appointed as an additional 
Trustee or a successor Trustee of the Trust. 
H. 
No Trustee at any time acting hereunder shall be required to 
give any bond, undertaking or other security for the faithful performance of his or 
her duties in any jurisdiction. 
SIXTH 
Settlement of Trustees' Accounts; Exoneration of Trustees 
EFTA00587816
--- PAGE 9 ---
A. 
The Trustees shall not be required to file with or render to any 
Court, and the Grantor waives and excuses the filing with or rendering to any 
Court of, an account of their transactions with respect to the Trust or of 
inventories, accounts, statements or reports of principal and/or income in respect of 
the Trust. Nevertheless, the Trustees may at any time and from time to time render 
an account of their transactions with respect to the Trust. The Grantor shall have 
full power to settle finally any such account or to waive the same, and on the basis 
of such account or waiver, to release the Trustees, individually, and as Trustees, 
from all accountability, liability and responsibility for their acts or omissions as 
Trustees. Any such settlement and release or waiver and release shall be binding 
upon all persons, whether or not then in being, then or thereafter interested in 
either the income or the principal of the Trust and shall have the force and effect of 
a final decree, judgment or order of a court of competent jurisdiction rendered in 
an appropriate action or proceeding for the judicial settlement of such an account 
in which action or proceeding jurisdiction was obtained over all necessary and 
proper parties. 
The expenses of any such accounting shall be a proper 
administration expense of the Trust payable from principal or income of the Trust, 
or partly from each, as the Trustees, in their discretion, shall determine. The 
foregoing provision, however, shall not preclude the Trustees from having their 
accounts judicially settled, if they shall so desire, and the expenses of a judicial 
EFTA00587817
--- PAGE 10 ---
accounting shall be a proper administration expense of the Trust payable from 
principal. 
B. 
If any Trustee shall resign as a Trustee hereunder, the 
continuing Trustee or Trustees may deliver to the Trustee so resigning, an 
instrument whereby such resigning Trustee shall be released and discharged, to the 
extent stated therein, of and from any and all accountability, liability and 
responsibility for acts or omissions as Trustee. Any such release and discharge 
shall be binding upon all persons, whether or not then in being, then or thereafter 
interested in either the income or the principal of the Trust and shall have the force 
and effect of a final decree, judgment or order of a court of competent jurisdiction 
rendered in an appropriate action or proceeding for the judicial settlement of the 
account of such Trustee, in which action or proceeding jurisdiction was obtained 
over all necessary and proper parties. The foregoing provision, however, shall not 
preclude any Trustee so resigning from having his, her or its account judicially 
settled. The expenses of any judicial accounting rendered by a Trustee who shall 
resign shall be a proper administration expense of the Trust payable from principal. 
C. 
In addition to the foregoing, the Trustees are hereby authorized, 
at any time and from time to time, with respect to the Trust, to settle the accounts 
of the Trustees by agreement between or among the Trustees and the then adult 
beneficiary of the income and the beneficiary or beneficiaries who would be 
EFTA00587818
--- PAGE 11 ---
entitled to the principal in case the Trust was to terminate at the time of such 
agreement, excluding any who are then incompetent, which agreement shall bind 
all persons, whether or not then in being, then or thereafter interested in either the 
income or the principal of the Trust. Any such settlement shall have the force and 
effect of a final decree, judgment or order of a court of competent jurisdiction 
rendered in an appropriate action or proceeding for the judicial settlement of such 
account, in which action or proceeding jurisdiction was obtained over all necessary 
and proper parties. 
The expenses of any such account shall be a proper 
administration expense of the Trust payable from principal or income of the Trust, 
or partly from each, as the Trustees, in their discretion, shall determine. 
D. 
No Trustee shall be accountable, liable or responsible for any 
act, default, negligence or omission of any other Trustee. 
E. 
No Trustee acting hereunder shall be liable for any loss or 
damage which may occur hereunder, unless due to willful default, deliberate 
wrongdoing or willful violation of an express provision hereof. 
SEVENTH 
Administrative Powers 
EFTA00587819
--- PAGE 12 ---
A. 
In addition to and in amplification of the powers given by law 
to trustees, each Trustee, acting singly, but solely in his or her fiduciary capacity, is 
hereby authorized and empowered, in his or her discretion: 
1. 
To hold any part or all of the assets of the Trust invested 
in the same form of property in which the same shall be invested when received by 
the Trustees, and invest and reinvest the assets of the Trust, or any portion thereof, 
in any form of investment which the Trustees may determine. 
2. 
To acquire, buy, sell, contract to buy, contract to sell, sell 
short, buy on margin, exchange, engage in risk arbitrage transactions with respect 
to, and trade in stocks (common or preferred), bonds, notes., obligations (secured 
or unsecured), securities of open-end and closed-end investment companies and 
common trust funds, other securities (issued or to be issued), commodities, futures, 
options, executory contracts for the purchase or sale of securities and commodities, 
mortgages, and other property, real or personal, of any kind, whether similar or 
dissimilar to that specifically enumerated above, and interests in any of the 
foregoing, without being bound by any provision of law restricting investments by 
trustees, and without regard to any principles of diversification. 
3. 
To purchase, sell or exercise conversion, subscription and 
other rights, and warrants, puts, calls, straddles, and other options, to make 
EFTA00587820
--- PAGE 13 ---
payments in connection therewith and to sell naked options, whether calls or puts, 
and to deal in other financial instruments. 
4. 
To make any authorized transaction for cash or on credit 
or partly for cash and partly on credit, with or without security, or partly or wholly 
with borrowed funds. 
5. 
To invest in and to become a member of, any partnership, 
limited liability company or joint venture, to comply with all the terms and 
provisions of every partnership, limited liability company and joint venture relating 
to any investment at any time held by them, and to vote, execute consents, exercise 
all rights and take such other action with respect to any partnership, limited 
liability company or joint venture as they, in their discretion, deem advisable. 
6. 
To lease, for such periods (whether or not any such 
period shall extend beyond the period prescribed by law or the probable term of the 
Trust), on such terms and conditions and at such time or times as the Trustees shall 
determine, the whole or any portion or portions of any property, real or personal, 
which may at any time form part of the Trust, whether the same be held in 
severalty or as tenant-in common with others or in a partnership, syndicate or joint 
venture or otherwise, and release and convey any undivided interest in any such 
property for the purpose of effecting partition of the whole or any part thereof, to 
make, place, extend or renew mortgages, pledges, building loan agreements or 
EFTA00587821
--- PAGE 14 ---
building loan mortgages upon or affecting any and all such property; and make, 
execute and deliver such mortgages, pledges and agreements, together with proper 
bonds, notes or other instruments of indebtedness to accompany the same, and 
such extension or renewal agreements, as the Trustees shall deem best; to repair, 
alter, reconstruct, build upon or improve any such property and on such terms and 
at such time or times as the Trustees shall determine, give and grant to others the 
right so to do, or agree in, or so modify any lease affecting any such property that 
the lessee may alter, repair, reconstruct, build upon, improve, mortgage and pledge 
any such property; and generally to make, alter and modify all agreements, leases, 
mortgages, pledges, building loans, sales, exchanges, transfers and conveyances of 
or affecting any such property which the Trustees shall determine to be necessary, 
advisable or proper for the preservation, improvement, enhancement in value of, or 
betterment of or addition to, such property. 
7. 
To vote, in person or by proxy, all stocks and other 
securities held by the Trust; to grant, exercise or sell rights to subscribe to stock 
and securities and options of any nature; to amortize or refrain from amortizing 
premiums on bonds or other securities which the Trustees may purchase or receive; 
to participate in reorganizations, mergers, liquidations or dissolutions, and 
contribute to the expense of, and deposit securities with protective committees in 
connection therewith; to participate in voting trusts; and generally exercise, in 
EFTA00587822
--- PAGE 15 ---
respect of said stock and securities, all rights, powers and privileges which may be 
lawfully exercised by any person owning similar property in his own right. 
8. 
To employ any investment counsel, corporate custodians, 
agents, accountants, brokers and attorneys which the Trustees may select and pay 
the charges thereof, and the Trustees, or a partnership, corporation or other entity 
in which any Trustee shall be interested, or by which any Trustee may be 
employed, may be retained in any such capacity, and, in such event, the charges 
which shall be payable to such Trustee, or to any such partnership, corporation or 
other entity, shall be in addition to commissions or compensation otherwise 
allowable to such Trustee and may be paid without prior judicial approval. 
9. 
In any case in which the Trustees are authorized or 
required to pay or distribute any share of the Trust, to make such payment or 
distribution in kind, or in cash or partly in each and, in connection therewith, to 
allocate equal or unequal interests in, or amounts of, specific property in 
satisfaction of such payment or distribution. 
10. 
To settle, adjust, compromise or submit to arbitration any 
dispute, claim or controversy in which the Trust may be in any way interested. 
11. 
To borrow money from any person, partnership, 
corporation or other entity, for the purpose of meeting any and all charges against 
the Trust or for any other purpose connected with the administration, preservation, 
EFTA00587823
--- PAGE 16 ---
improvement or enhancement in value of the Trust, and, in connection with any 
such borrowing, to pledge, hypothecate or mortgage any part or all of the assets of 
the Trust. 
12. 
To keep any or all of the securities at any time forming a 
part of the Trust in the name of one or more nominees. 
13. 
In any case where doubt or uncertainty exists under 
applicable law or this Trust Agreement, to (i) credit receipts to principal or income, 
or partly to each and (ii) charge expenses against principal or income, or partly 
against each. 
14. 
By instrument or instruments signed by all of the 
Trustees qualified and acting as such at any time, to delegate, in whole or in part, 
to any person or persons (including any one or more of the Trustees) the authority 
and power to (i) sign checks, drafts or orders for the payment or withdrawal of 
funds from any account in which funds of the Trust hereunder shall be deposited, 
(ii) endorse for sale, transfer or delivery, or sell, transfer or deliver, or purchase or 
otherwise acquire, any and all stocks, stock warrants, stock rights, bonds or other 
securities whatsoever, and (iii) gain access to any safe deposit box which may be in 
the names of the Trustees and remove part or all of the contents of any such safe 
deposit box and release and surrender the same. 
EFTA00587824
--- PAGE 17 ---
15. 
To remove the assets of the Trust to, or hold and 
administer any such assets in, such location or locations within or without the State 
of New York as any Trustee, in his or her discretion, shall select. 
16. 
To make, or retain from making, elections permitted 
under any applicable tax law, without regard to the effect of any such election on 
the interest of any beneficiary of the Trust and, if any such election shall be made, 
to apportion, or refrain from apportioning, any benefits thereof among the 
respective interests of the beneficiaries of the Trust, all in such manner as any 
Trustee shall deem appropriate. 
17. 
To exercise all authority, powers, privileges and 
discretion, conferred in this Article after the termination of the Trust created under 
this Trust Agreement and until all of the assets of the Trust are fully distributed. 
B. 
No person or party dealing with any of the Trustees shall be 
bound to see to the application of any money or other consideration paid by them 
to any of the Trustees. 
C. 
Neither the principal nor the income of the Trust or any part 
thereof, shall or may at any time be liable or subject in any matter whatsoever to 
the debts or liabilities of any beneficiary entitled to receive any principal or income 
therefrom, nor shall the principal or income of the Trust be liable to attachment by 
garnishment proceedings or other legal process issued by any creditor of any 
EFTA00587825
--- PAGE 18 ---
beneficiary of the Trust for debts heretofore or hereafter contracted by such 
beneficiary; nor shall any assignment, conveyance, charge, encumbrance or order, 
either of principal or income, given by any such beneficiary be valid. 
EIGHTH 
IRREVOCABILITY, SEVERABILTY, COUNTERPARTS 
A. 
This Trust Agreement and the Trust created hereunder are 
irrevocable. Neither the Grantor nor any other person shall have the right to alter, 
amend, revoke or terminate this Trust Agreement or the Trust created hereunder. 
B. 
Should any part, clause, provision or condition of this Trust 
Agreement be held to be void or invalid, then such voidance or invalidity shall not 
affect any other part, clause, provision or condition hereof, but the remainder of 
this Trust Agreement shall be effective as though such void or invalid part, clause, 
provision or condition had not been contained herein. 
C. 
This Trust Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of 
which shall be an original, but together which shall constitute one instrument. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor and the Trustees have 
executed this Trust Agreement on the day and year first above written. 
EFTA00587826
--- PAGE 19 ---
LEON BLACK, Grantor 
LEON BLACK, Trustee 
MELANIE SPINELLA, Trustee 
EFTA00587827
--- PAGE 20 ---
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) 
)ss.: 
) 
On the 28'h day of January in the year 2014, before me, the undersigned, personally 
appeared LEON BLACK, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of 
satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within 
instrument as Grantor and Trustee, who acknowledged to me that he executed the 
same in his individual capacity, and that by his signature on the instrument, the 
individual or the person upon behalf of which the individual acted, executed the 
instrument. 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
Notary Public 
) 
)ss.: 
) 
On the 
day of January in the year 2014, before me, the undersigned, personally 
appeared MELANIE SPINELLA, personally known to me or proved to me on the 
basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the 
within instrument as Trustee, who acknowledged to me that she executed the same 
in her individual capacity, and that by her signature on the instrument, the 
individual or the person upon behalf of which the individual acted, executed the 
instrument. 
Notary Public 
EFTA00587828
--- PAGE 21 ---
SCHEDULE A 
TWO MILLION DOLLARS ($2,000,000) 
EFTA00587829

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587830.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587830.pdf
----------------------------------------
GARY A. WEBBER MA (Oxon), FCMA, DipM, CPA, CGMA 
Treasure Road, Fairfield, CT 06824 
Experience: 
Crestview Bermuda Limited - Private Family Office, Bermuda & New York. 
Chief Financial Officer — January 2013 to Present 
• 
Manage investments for offshore trusts and companies and onshore entities. Review 
investments and entity structure with family members. Full analysis of investments and 
performance to date and re-balance of portfolio. Seek out, analyze and make 
recommendations on potential investment opportunities. 
• 
Develop full, consolidated and entity level cash positions and forecasts, consolidated and 
entity balance sheets and investment performance reports. 
• 
Prepare budgets, forecasts and cash flows and reporting for individual family members. 
Consolidation and analysis for full family. Liquidity analysis and management. 
• 
Review regulatory compliance for offshore company structures and update, reorganize, 
and re-domicile entities where applicable. 
• 
Review of estate plans, including reorganization of entities to streamline and to update 
for changed Family requirements. 
• 
Set up new Limited Partner structure, for family members and others, for investment 
projects. Undertake specific real estate, technology and start-up investments through this 
structure and develop reporting for the Partners. 
• 
Develop and formalize processes and controls. Review responsibilities of Bermuda office 
and reallocate tasks to improve workflows, reporting and internal controls. 
Harbinger Capital Partners, New York. 
Chief Financial Officer, Falcone Faintly Office — June 2009 to January 2013 
• 
Responsible for the Family Office and all aspects of financial management and planning 
for the Family, including investments, personal companies, personal finances and 
household finances. 
• 
Tax Returns and Tax planning. Reorganize and improve tax planning and reporting. 
• 
Estate Planning and Life insurance. Review and update estate planning and life insurance 
policies and insurance trusts. 
• 
Cash and liquidity management and optimization - cost analyses and strategies, 
investments, mortgages and personal loans and financings. Covenant negotiations, 
restructuring of loans and management. Asset liquidation planning and scenario analysis. 
• 
Develop and manage banking relationships to optimize financing and improve liquidity. 
• 
Set up and produce monthly personal financial statements, investment analyses, budgets, 
and income and expenditure forecasts. 
• 
Set up and manage internal controls and procedures for household, including spending, 
purchases, credit cards and staff hours and overtime. 
• 
Run the Human Resource function for the Family and for household employees, 
including contracts, payroll, hiring and terminations. 
• 
Asset and property planning, management and analysis, including multiple properties and 
refurbishments, outside business interests (including NHL team), investments and 
collections. 
• 
Structure and manage finances and funding for new sports venture. 
• 
Financial management of movie investment companies, including strategy for group 
structure, funding and financial business and tax planning, budgets and forecasting. 
EFTA00587830
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
Renegotiate aircraft sale and leaseback contract and amend financial covenants. 
Consolidate separate aircraft "part-shares" and negotiate new terms and new contracts. 
Set up procedures for applying and charging costs to personal and business entities. 
Private Office of Louise Blouin (MacBain), New York. 
Louise T. Blouin Foundation Ltd and Louise T. Blouin Foundation Inc. 
Chief Financial Officer — July 2008 to May 2009 
• 
Responsible for running Family Office. CFO & Company Secretary for UK and US 
Foundations. 
• 
Transfer Family Office from London to New York. Recruit US team and plan and 
manage seamless transfer of financials and systems. 
• 
Family Office — treasury & investment management, residency and tax planning and 
management, trust management, property refinancing. Property management, including, 
household staff, refurbishments, contracts and payments, contract litigation. Management 
of personal art collection and insurance analysis. 
• 
Responsibility for ongoing contract and construction litigation cases in US and UK. 
• 
Foundations — responsible for full not for profit reporting in UK and US, financial 
reporting and VAT, corporate governance, management reporting and planning. Property 
management, including leases, rents, contracts and litigation. Foundation staff 
management, contracts, appraisals, and planning. Exhibition planning and budgets, 
including visitor projections, cash flows and cost recharges. 
• 
Development of financial plans for Family Office, Media business and Foundations, 
including funding and revenue projections, and cost reduction and restructuring plans. 
• 
Structure a loan and negotiate covenants to manage liquidity and commitments. 
UBS Investment Bank, Stamford, Connecticut. 
Director, Finance, Logistics — October 2006 to May 2008 
Real Estate, Corporate Administrative Services and Regional COO Office, North 
America Region 
• 
Responsible for all financial reporting, SOX adherence, and management reporting for 
the above three business units for America Region (N. America, S. America and Canada). 
• 
Real Estate — cost management and financial control of all buildings accounted for in 
Investment Bank controlled entities (annual approx $350M). Leases (incl. finance 
leases), sub lease analyses and accounting, refurbishment and fit-out costs and 
accounting, project financial reviews and occupancy costs allocations. Financial 
management of outsourced building management teams. 
• 
Corporate Administrative Services (CAS) — cost management and financial control for 
Investment Bank expenses (annual approx $60M). Support and model business cost 
initiatives, manage all financial aspects of costs and cost allocations to business groups. 
• 
Finance director to COO North America, Investment Bank. All financial aspects of COO 
cost base (annual approx $2IM), including specific project analyses, contributions 
analyses and monitoring, headcount analyses and scenario planning. 
• 
Development and presentation of monthly actual and forecast pack for Real Estate, CAS 
and COO divisions for the COO. Development of cost driver analyses and trends for 
CAS, including Travel, Premises Management, and Core Services (Mail, Reprographics, 
Entertainment, etc). Development of KPI's for historical and trend analyses. 
• 
Monthly reporting, commentaries and financial analysis for London and Switzerland. 
EFTA00587831
--- PAGE 3 ---
Caballo Inc. and Related Entities, Westport, Connecticut. 
Acting President & Chief Financial Officer — July 2001 to September 2006 
• 
Founded Family Office for hedge fund manager and investor to manage private 
investments, charitable giving, wealth transfer, cash flow and budgeting, and wholly-
owned personal service company. 
• 
Manage all financial aspects of a corporate group consisting of several corporate entities 
and numerous partnerships, including budgeting and analysis, cash movements, payroll 
and benefits, tax compliance and reporting, and investment monitoring. 
• 
Act as primary liaison to family trust company, which manages assets in excess of SI 
billion. 
• 
Coordinate and manage a diverse group of corporate and tax attorneys, accountants and 
other advisors. 
Pierrepont School Inc, Westport, Connecticut. 
Treasurer — July 2001 to present (continue to oversee finances & assist Board) 
• 
Treasurer of not-for-profit 50I (cX3) school for academically gifted children founded by 
the beneficial owner of the Caballo Inc. Family Office. 
• 
Manage all financial aspects of the organization, including budgeting and cash flow, tax 
and regulatory compliance, payroll and benefits, insurance, and correspondence with 
donors. 
• 
Coordinated and prepared application for tax exempt status, developed policies and 
procedures for Board of Trustees, and oversaw extensive improvements to the facility, 
among other activities. 
• 
Act as primary liaison with attorneys and relevant regulatory bodies. Preparation of 
financial reports, budgets and forecasts for Board of Trustees and specifically for NAIS 
accreditation. 
Royal Bank of Canada, London, England — October 1997 to May 2001 
Head of Statutory & Regulatory Reporting - January 2000 to May 2001 
• 
Responsible for preparation of all Bank of England and FSA returns for London and for 
all London statutory accounts (26 statutory entities in the UK group). 
• 
Controlling the monitoring of large exposures as required by the Bank of England and 
FSA across the European group. Processing credit applications with regard to large 
exposures and the monitoring of daily liquidity. 
• 
IMRO Finance Officer for three UK Investment Management subsidiaries for RBC 
Global Private Banking (for their entities not based offshore). Responsible for all 
financial reporting, including quarterly and annual IMRO financial resource returns, 
board meeting presentations, monthly management reports, regular forecasts and annual 
budgets, development of business plans and business restructuring forecasts. 
Head of Management Reporting — October 1997 to December 1999 
• 
Development and production of new monthly and quarterly management accounts, 
analyses and commentaries and monthly presentations to local directors and team 
managers. 
• 
Target setting and performance monitoring, budget preparations and forecasts with 
Division heads and business team leaders. 
• 
Quarterly consolidated management accounts for the Europe group and reporting to Head 
Office, Toronto. 
• 
Particular monitoring, analyses and reporting to local senior management and Toronto 
regarding ongoing integration and restructuring of the business. Extensive scenario 
forecasting for group restructuring with London Board. 
• 
Developed and then oversaw risk weighted asset reporting. 
EFTA00587832
--- PAGE 4 ---
WS Atkins Limited/Plc, England - September 1992 to September 1997 
Financial Controller, WS Atkins Rail Group - August 1996 to September 1997-
Rolling Stock (NTES) and Civil Engineering (CEDAC) units (two recently 
acquired companies from the privatization of British Rail) 
• 
Working with Company Directors and Finance Director to restructure, streamline and 
integrate these companies, newly acquired from the privatization of British Rail, into WS 
Atkins Group. 
• 
Set up a centralized management and finance division for Rail Group. 
• 
Responsible for all CEDAC and NTES financial reporting, forecasts and annual budgets. 
• 
Work with Finance Director on group consolidated monthly reports, forecasts, annual 
budgets and integration analyses. 
Head Office Assistant Accountant - November 1993 to August 1996 
• 
In depth analyses and reviews with Group Accountant and Finance Director and external 
bankers and advisers for flotation of WS Atkins Ltd on London Stock Exchange and 
subsequent flotation of WS Atkins on London Stock Exchange. 
• 
WS Atkins group consolidations for management reporting, commentaries, budgets. 
• 
Production of annual statutory financial statements. 
• 
Head Office management information — profit & loss accounts, balance sheets, cash 
flows, divisional financial analyses and commentaries, including ratio analyses and 
KPI's. 
• 
Production of Financial reporting for all departments of Head Office (including 
centralized Management, Marketing, PR, Company Secretary, Legal and Finance 
departments). 
Project Accountant - September 1992 to November 1993 for:-
Transport and Planning & Management Consultants Divisions 
Main projects: 
A major airport project: budgeting, cost analysis and reporting. 
Brunei: develop and run project cost model, overseas returns and reporting. 
India: creating a cost model, producing cost information for satellite office with major 
projects. 
Brussels: running full finance function for a small office. 
• 
All aspects of project financial management and control. 
Arthur Andersen 
London Tax Department Tax Trainee - October 1990 to July 1992 
• 
Preparation of corporate and personal tax returns across a wide sector of clients. 
• 
Corporate and personal tax compliance, extensive liaison with Inland Revenue. 
• 
Research and tax planning regarding corporate and personal tax issues, including 
extensive research for a worldwide charitable trust. 
Education: 
Oxford University (Wadham College), England. 
Awarded Master of Arts degree, Literae Humaniores, 1994 
Awarded Bachelor of Arts degree, Literae Humaniores, 1990 
Oualifications: 
2012 
Chartered Global Management Accountant - CGMA. 
2006 
Fellowship of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants — FCMA. 
2005 
US Permanent Residency "Greencard" — US Citizenship application currently in process. 
2002 
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, AICPA — International CPA. 
1998 
The Chartered Institute of Marketing, Postgraduate Diploma in Marketing - DipM. 
1996 
Associate Member of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants - ACMA. 
EFTA00587833

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587834.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587834.pdf
----------------------------------------
McDermott 
Will&Emery 
MEMORANDUM 
Date: 
August 14, 2012 
To: 
Leon D. Black 
From: 
Elyse G. Kirschner 
Re: 
The Amendment and Restatement of the Black 2006 Family Trust Agreement 
Following is an explanation of the principal provisions of the Amendment 
and Restatement of the Black 2006 Family Trust Agreement you asked us to prepare for 
you and the anticipated tax consequences of certain of its provisions. 
I. 
The Black 2006 Family Trust 
A. 
Trust Fund 
You were the creator of the trust. The trust currently holds assets worth 
over $1 billion, including a 74% interest in Black Family Partners. 
B. 
Governing Law 
The trustees will move the situs of administration and governing law of 
the trust from New York to Delaware. It is intended that while at least one of you and 
Debra is alive and competent, the trust will be a so-called "directed trust." This means 
that U.S. Trust Company of Delaware ("U.S. Trust"), which will be the initial 
"administrative trustee," will be responsible for all administrative activity relating to the 
trust (for example, maintaining accounts, maintaining trust records and preparing tax 
returns). 
The administrative trustee will not have any involvement in investment 
decisions or distribution decisions, or in decisions to amend the trust agreement. 
C. 
Dispositive Provisions 
1. 
Distributions 
The trust agreement provides that the trustees of the trust must distribute 
as much of the trust fund' to or for the benefit of Debra as they determine is necessary for 
her health, education, maintenance and welfare. In addition, the trustees must distribute 
I This draft assumes that prior to the amendment and restatement the independent trustees have eliminated 
Leon's mandatory income right. It is not certain right now whether this assumption is correct. 
DM US 37481871-1.088835.0011 
EFTA00587834
--- PAGE 2 ---
as much of the trust fund to or for the benefit of your wife Debra and your issue as the 
independent trustees determine for any reason. 
2. 
After Death of Survivor 
Upon the death of the survivor of you and Debra, the trust will terminate. 
The remaining assets of the trust will be paid to your issue then living.3 Each issue's 
share shall be divided as follows: 75% of such share shall be held in a separate trust for 
such issue under article III of the trust agreement and the remaining 25% of such share 
shall be held in a separate trust for such issue under article IV of the trust agreement. 
3. 
Remote Takers 
In the unlikely event that none of your issue is living after the death of the 
survivor of you and Debra, any remaining property will be paid to your heirs-at-law. 
4. 
Separate Trusts for Issue 
Assets directed to be held as "Portion A" in a separate trust for an issue of 
yours will be held in a trust under article III of the trust agreement. Such issue is referred 
to as the "Primary Beneficiary." The trustees will pay as much of the trust fund of each 
trust to or for the benefit of the Primary Beneficiary as they determine is necessary for his 
or her health, education, maintenance and welfare. In addition, the trustees must pay as 
much of the trust fund to or for the benefit of the Primary Beneficiary as the independent 
trustees, in their sole discretion, determine. 
The trustees are directed to approve 
distributions from the trust, by way of example, to cover any of the Primary Beneficiary's 
medical expenditures, or to help the Primary Beneficiary purchase or finance a home, pay 
for a wedding or start a business, provided, however, that such business has a solid 
business plan that has been approved by the trustees. 
Assets directed to be held as "Portion B" in a separate trust for an issue of 
yours will be held in a trust under article IV of the trust agreement. Such issue is referred 
to as the "Primary Beneficiary." The trustees will pay as much of the trust fund of each 
trust to or for the benefit of the Primary Beneficiary as they determine is necessary for his 
or her health, education, maintenance and welfare. In addition, the trustees must pay as 
much of the trust fund to or for the benefit of the Primary Beneficiary as the independent 
trustees, in their sole discretion, determine. 
The trustees are directed to approve 
distributions from the trust, by way of example, to cover any of the Primary Beneficiary's 
medical expenditures, or to help the Primary Beneficiary purchase or finance a home, pay 
for a wedding or start a business, provided, however, that such business has a solid 
For all purposes of the trust agreement, your issue are deemed to be Benjamin, Joshua, Alexander, 
Victoria, any future children, and their descendants. 
Except as otherwise provided, whenever property is payable to the issue of an individual under your 
trust agreement, it will be distributed in equal shares to such individual's children who are then living. 
If a child of the individual is not then living, such child's share of such property will be paid to his or 
her children then living, in equal shares. 
DM US 37481871-1.088835.001i 
EFTA00587835
--- PAGE 3 ---
business plan that has been approved by the trustees. If the Primary Beneficiary is 
competent and at least 35 years old, he or she will have the right to direct payment to 
himself or herself of the lesser of five million ($5,000,000) Dollars, adjusted for inflation, 
and 3% of the value of the trust fund, taking into account sums already paid to him or her 
during that calendar year. If the Primary Beneficiary has a similar power to direct 
payment to himself or herself under other trust instruments, the Primary Beneficiary's 
withdrawal power under this Trust Agreement and any other such trust instruments shall 
be limited for each calendar year to five million ($5,000,000) dollars in total, adjusted for 
inflation. At age 35, the Primary Beneficiary will also have the power to appoint the trust 
fund to or for the benefit of any of Leon's issue (other than himself or herself) or a 
qualified charitable organization at his or her death. These powers may be suspended, 
terminated or postponed by the independent trustees for good cause, such as serious 
illness, creditor issues, a pending divorce or the like. 
Each trust held under article III and article IV will end on the Primary 
Beneficiary's death. The remaining trust assets will be paid to the Primary Beneficiary's 
issue then living, or if the Primary Beneficiary has no issue then living, to his or her 
siblings then living, or if no such siblings are then living, to his or her cousins then living, 
or, if none, to Leon's issue then living, in each case in a separate trust for each of them 
upon the same terms as the terminated trust. 
D. 
Trustees 
John Hannan, Richard Ressler, John Suydam and Barry Cohen will be the 
initial individual co-trustees of the trust and U.S. Trust will be the initial administrative 
trustee. 
At any time that you and Debra are either not living or are under a 
disability, U.S. Trust will be the corporate trustee of the trusts under article III and article 
IV. As corporate trustee, U.S. Trust will have all of the powers granted to an independent 
trustee under the trust agreement. In other words, the trusts will no longer be directed 
trusts. 
During your lifetime, you may designate additional and/or successor 
trustees and may remove trustees. After your death or disability, Debra will have these 
powers. After the death or disability of both of you, the trustees of any trust may 
designate additional and/or successor trustees, unless the Primary Beneficiary of such 
trust has the power to designate trustees. 
After the death or disability of the survivor of you and Debra, when the 
Primary Beneficiary of a trust held under article III or article IV turns 35 years old, he or 
she may designate additional and/or successor trustees of such trust, including himself or 
herself, and may remove trustees of such trust. In each case where a removed trustee was 
an independent trustee, the person removing the trustee must concurrently designate a 
new independent trustee. In addition, each trust under article III must have a corporate 
trustee at all times. However, the Primary Beneficiary of a trust held under article IV 
could remove the corporate trustee if he or she believed it was appropriate. In that case, 
DM US 37481871-1.088835.0011 
EFTA00587836
--- PAGE 4 ---
the Primary Beneficiary or the remaining trustees would be required to designate an 
administrative trustee, and the trust would become a directed trust once again. 
The trustees who are individuals have the power at all times to remove and 
replace the administrative trustee. 
U.S. Trust will be entitled to compensation in accordance with its 
regularly published schedule of rates. 
All other trustees will be entitled to such 
compensation as set forth in an agreement between you and such trustee, or, if you are 
not living or are under a disability, between Debra and such trustee, or, if neither of you 
are living and competent, in the instrument designating such person as trustee. If no 
compensation has been specified in such instrument, no compensation will be paid. Each 
trustee, however, will be entitled to reimbursement out of the trust fund for all expenses 
associated with the administration of the trust. 
E. 
Administration and Modification 
The trust agreement gives the trustees (other than the administrative 
trustee) broad investment and administrative powers. 
In addition, the independent 
trustees may modify the trust agreement while either of you is competent, but only after 
giving you (or Debra, if you are not alive or under a disability) 30 days written notice. 
No modification will be effective if it would confer a beneficial interest on any person 
other than one of your issue. The modification powers have been included to give the 
trustees the flexibility to deal with future circumstances. 
Tax Consequences 
A. 
Gift Tax 
Any gift you make to the trust will be a taxable gift and will need to be 
reported to the Internal Revenue Service on a gift tax return. 
B. 
Generation-Skipping Transfer Tax 
The generation-skipping transfer ("GST") tax generally is imposed, in 
addition to any gift or estate tax, on transfers to persons two or more generations below 
the transferor's own generation, at the highest estate and gift tax rate. Under current law, 
each individual may transfer up to $5.12 million to such persons without incurring a GST 
tax (the "GST exemption"). Unless Congress acts to change the law, this amount will be 
reduced in 2013 to about $1.39 million. 
The assets that are held in the trust are not exempt from the GST tax. 
DM US 37481871-1.088835.0011 
EFTA00587837
--- PAGE 5 ---
C. 
Estate Tax 
The trust agreement does not give you an interest in or control over the 
disposition of trust assets after you have contributed them to the trust.4 As a result, the 
balance of trust property should not be included in your estate for estate tax purposes. 
D. 
Income Tax 
During your lifetime, the trust will be a so-called "grantor trust" for 
income tax purposes. As a result, as long as you are alive, the trust will not be required to 
pay income tax on trust income. Instead, you will take into account all of each trust's 
income, deductions, and credits when you file your income tax returns. If the trustees use 
your social security number as the trust's taxpayer identification number, the trust will 
not be required to file income tax returns. All gifts to the trust should be made from an 
account in your own name to ensure that the trust is a grantor trust as to only you for 
income tax purposes. 
After your death, each trust will be a separate taxpayer for income tax 
purposes and will be required to file annual federal, and may be required to file annual 
state, income tax returns.5 Each trust will pay income tax on its income except to the 
extent distributed to beneficiaries. Each beneficiary will pay income tax on distributions 
received from the trusts to the extent of his or her share of the distributed income. 
********************** 
As part of its effort to curb tax shelters, the Internal Revenue Service recently issued 
regulations that impose sanctions on attorneys who provide informal written tax advice 
without prominently disclosing that the advice cannot be relied upon by the taxpayer for 
the purpose of avoiding penalties. Because this memorandum contains a discussion of 
tax issues that we do not believe warrants the significant additional time or expense that 
would be involved in the preparation of a formal opinion that complies with the IRS 
rules, we include the relevant IRS disclosure, below. If you would like us to prepare a 
formal tax opinion on which you may rely for penalty relief, please let us know, and we 
can discuss the cost of preparing one. 
Internal Revenue Service Circular 230 Notice: To ensure compliance 
with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any U.S. 
tax advice contained in this communication (including any attachments) is not intended 
or written to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under 
the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another 
party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
• 
This will be true only if the independent trustees eliminate your right to receive all of the income 
earned by the trust. This memorandum assumes that this has already been done. 
• 
Under current law, it may be possible for a trust to avoid New York income taxes if it has no New 
York source income and no trustee who is a New York resident. 
DM US 37081871-1.088835.0011 
EFTA00587838
--- PAGE 6 ---
EGK 
DM US 37481871-1.088835.0011 
EFTA00587839

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587840.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587840.pdf
----------------------------------------
McDermott 
Will&Emery 
Now Yolk 
MEMORANDUM 
Date: 
August 14, 2012 
To: 
Leon D. Black 
From: 
Elyse G. Kirschner 
Re: 
The Amendment and Restatement of the Black Family 1997 Trust Agreement 
Following is an explanation of the principal provisions of the Amendment and 
Restatement of the Black Family 1997 Trust Agreement and the anticipated tax consequences of 
certain of its provisions. 
I. 
The Black Family 1997 Trust 
A. 
Trust Fund 
The Black Family 1997 Trust holds an interest in Black Family Partners and a 
significant amount of other investments. On December 28, 2009, you divided the Black Family 
1997 Trust into two shares, one of which continues to be known as the Black Family 1997 Trust 
(the "Family Trust") and the other of which is known as the Black Family 1997 GST Exempt 
Trust (the "GST Exempt Trust"). The trustees of the Black Family 1997 Trust allocated property 
worth $2,952,085 to the GST Exempt Trust in order to fully utilize the generation-skipping 
transfer ("GST") tax exempt amount that was available to you in 2009.1
This Amendment and Restatement of the Trust Agreement pertains only to the 
Family Trust, and not to the GST Exempt Trust. 
B. 
Governing Law 
The trustees will move the situs of administration and governing law of the 
Family Trust from New York to Delaware. It is intended that while at least one of you and 
Debra is alive and competent, the Family Trust will be a so-called "directed trust." This means 
that U.S. Trust Company of Delaware ("U.S. Trust"), which will be the initial "administrative 
trustee," will be responsible for all administrative activity relating to the Family trust (for 
example, maintaining accounts, maintaining trust records and preparing tax returns). The 
administrative trustee will not have any involvement in investment decisions or distribution 
decisions, or in decisions to amend the trust agreement. 
For 2009, each individual was permitted to transfer up to $3.5 million to persons two or more generations below 
his or her own, or to trusts that ultimately benefit such persons, without incurring a GST tax. Under current 
law, the GST exemption is $5.12 million. The GST tax is further discussed in II.B, below. 
U.S. practice conducted through McDermott Will & Emery LLP. 
35983468-3.088835.0011
Dhl US 
EFTA00587840
--- PAGE 2 ---
C. 
Dispositive Provisions 
1. 
Distributions 
The trust agreement provides that the trustees of the Family Trust must distribute 
as much of the trust fund to or for the benefit of your wife Debra and your issue as the 
independent trustees determine for any reason. 
2. 
After Death of Survivor 
Upon the death of the survivor of you and Debra, the trust will terminate. The 
remaining assets of the trust will be paid to your issue then living.3 Each issue's share shall be 
divided as follows: 75% of such share shall be held in a separate trust for such issue under 
article III of the trust agreement and the remaining 25% of such share shall be held in a separate 
trust for such issue under article IV of the trust agreement. 
3. 
Remote Takers 
In the unlikely event that none of your issue is living after the death of the 
survivor of you and Debra, any remaining property will be paid to your heirs-at-law. 
4. 
Separate Trusts for Issue 
Assets directed to be held as "Portion A" in a separate trust for an issue of yours 
will be held in a trust under article III of the trust agreement. Such issue is referred to as the 
"Primary Beneficiary." The trustees will pay as much of the trust fund of each trust to the 
Primary Beneficiary as the trustees, in their sole discretion, determine is necessary for the 
Primary Beneficiary's health, education, support, and maintenance, taking into consideration the 
Primary Beneficiary's financial resources apart from the Trust. In addition, the trustees will pay 
as much of the trust fund of each trust to the Primary Beneficiary as the independent trustees, in 
their sole discretion, determine. The trustees are directed to approve distributions from the trust, 
by way of example, to cover any of the Primary Beneficiary's medical expenditures, or to help 
the Primary Beneficiary purchase or finance a home, pay for a wedding or start a business, 
provided, however, that such business has a solid business plan that has been approved by the 
trustees. 
Assets directed to be held as "Portion B" in a separate trust for an issue of yours 
will be held in a trust under article IV of the trust agreement. Such issue is referred to as the 
"Primary Beneficiary." The trustees will pay as much of the trust fund of each trust to the 
Primary Beneficiary as the trustees, in their sole discretion, determine is necessary for the 
Primary Beneficiary's health, education, support, and maintenance, taking into consideration the 
Primary Beneficiary's financial resources apart from the Trust. In addition, the trustees will pay 
For all purposes of the trust agreement, your issue are deemed to be Benjamin, Joshua, Alexander, Victoria, any 
future children, and their descendants. 
Except as otherwise provided, whenever property is payable to the issue of an individual under your trust 
agreement, it will be distributed in equal shares to such individual's children who are then living. If a child of 
the individual is not then living, such child's share of such property will be paid to his or her children then 
living, in equal shares. 
-2-
DM_US 35983468-3.088835.00 I I 
EFTA00587841
--- PAGE 3 ---
as much of the trust fund of each trust to the Primary Beneficiary as the independent trustees, in 
their sole discretion, determine. The trustees are directed to approve distributions from the trust, 
by way of example, to cover any of the Primary Beneficiary's medical expenditures, or to help 
the Primary Beneficiary purchase or finance a home, pay for a wedding or start a business, 
provided, however, that such business has a solid business plan that has been approved by the 
trustees. If the Primary Beneficiary is competent and at least 35 years old, he or she will have 
the right to direct payment to himself or herself of the lesser of five million ($5,000,000) Dollars, 
adjusted for inflation, and 3% of the value of the trust fund, taking into account sums already 
paid to him or her during that calendar year. If the Primary Beneficiary has a similar power to 
direct payment to himself or herself under other trust instruments, the Primary Beneficiary's 
withdrawal power under this Trust Agreement and any other such trust instruments shall be 
limited for each calendar year to five million ($5,000,000) dollars in total, adjusted for inflation. 
At age 35, the Primary Beneficiary will also have the power to appoint the trust fund to or for the 
benefit of any of Leon's issue (other than himself or herself) at his or her death. These powers 
may be suspended, terminated or postponed by the independent trustees for good cause, such as 
serious illness, creditor issues, a pending divorce or the like. 
Each trust held under article III and article IV will end on the Primary 
Beneficiary's death. The remaining trust assets will be paid to the Primary Beneficiary's issue 
then living, or if the Primary Beneficiary has no issue then living, to his or her siblings then 
living, or if no such siblings are then living, to his or her cousins then living, or, if none, to 
Leon's issue then living, in each case in a separate trust for each of them upon the same terms as 
the terminated trust. 
D. 
Trustees 
The initial trustees of the Family Trust will be Debra, Barry Cohen, John Hannan 
and Richard Ressler. Barry, John and Richard will qualify as independent trustees. U.S. Trust 
will be the initial administrative trustee. 
At any time that you and Debra are either not living or are under a disability, U.S. 
Trust will be the corporate trustee of the trusts under article III and article IV. As corporate 
trustee, U.S. Trust will have all of the powers granted to an independent trustee under the trust 
agreement. In other words, the trusts will no longer be directed trusts. 
During your lifetime, you may designate additional and/or successor trustees and 
may remove trustees. After your death or disability, Debra will have these powers. After the 
death or disability of both of you, the trustees of any trust may designate additional and/or 
successor trustees, unless the Primary Beneficiary of such trust has the power to designate 
trustees. 
After the death or disability of the survivor of you and Debra, when the Primary 
Beneficiary of a trust held under article III or article IV turns 35 years old, he or she may 
designate additional and/or successor trustees of such trust, including himself or herself, and may 
remove trustees of such trust. In each case where a removed trustee was an independent trustee, 
the person removing the trustee must concurrently designate a new independent trustee. In 
addition, each trust under article III must have a corporate trustee at all times. However, the 
-3-
DM_US 35983468-3.088835.0011 
EFTA00587842
--- PAGE 4 ---
Primary Beneficiary of a trust held under article IV could remove the corporate trustee if he or 
she believed it was appropriate. In that case, the Primary Beneficiary or the remaining trustees 
would be required to designate an administrative trustee, and the trust would become a directed 
trust once again. 
The trustees who are individuals have the power at all times to remove and 
replace the administrative trustee. 
U.S. Trust will be entitled to compensation in accordance with its regularly 
published schedule of rates. All other trustees will be entitled to such compensation as set forth 
in an agreement between you and such trustee, or, if you are not living or are under a disability, 
between Debra and such trustee, or, if neither of you are living and competent, in the instrument 
designating such person as trustee. If no compensation has been specified in such instrument, no 
compensation will be paid. Each trustee, however, will be entitled to reimbursement out of the 
trust fund for all expenses associated with the administration of the trust. 
E. 
Administration and Amendments 
The trust agreement gives the trustees (other than the administrative trustee) 
broad investment and administrative powers. In addition, the independent trustees may amend 
the trust agreement while either of you or Debra is competent, but only after giving you (or 
Debra if you are not alive or are under a disability) 30 days' written notice. No amendment will 
be effective if it would confer a beneficial interest on any person other than Debra or one of your 
issue while any of them is living. The amendment powers have been included to give your 
independent trustees the flexibility to deal with future circumstances. 
Tax Consequences 
A. 
Gift Tax 
Any gift you make to the trust will be a taxable gift and will need to be reported to 
the Internal Revenue Service on a gift tax return. . 
B. 
Generation-Skipping Transfer Tax 
The generation-skipping transfer ("GST") tax generally is imposed, in addition to 
any gift or estate tax, on transfers to persons two or more generations below the transferor's own 
generation, at the highest estate and gift tax rate. Under current law, each individual may 
transfer up to $5.12 million to such persons without incurring a GST tax (the "GST exemption"). 
Unless Congress acts to change the law, this amount will be reduced in 2013 to about $1.39 
million. 
The assets that are held in the Family Trust are not exempt from the GST tax. 
-4-
DM_US 35983468-3.088835.00 I I 
EFTA00587843
--- PAGE 5 ---
C. 
Estate Tax 
The trust agreement does not give you an interest in or control over the 
disposition of trust assets after you have contributed them to the trust. As a result, the balance of 
trust property should not be included in your estate for estate tax purposes. 
D. 
Income Tax 
During your lifetime, the Family Trust will be a so-called "grantor trust" for 
income tax purposes. As a result, during your lifetime, all of the Family Trust's income, 
deductions, and credits will be taken into account by you when you file your income tax returns. 
All gifts to the trust should be made from an account in your own name to ensure that the trust is 
a grantor trust as to only you for income tax purposes. 
After your death, the Family Trust will be a separate taxpayer for income tax 
purposes and will be required to file annual federal, and may be required to file annual state, 
income tax returns.4 The Family Trust will pay income tax on its income except to the extent 
distributed to beneficiaries. Each beneficiary will pay income tax on distributions received from 
the Family Trust to the extent of his or her share of the distributed income. 
********************** 
As part of its effort to curb tax shelters, the Internal Revenue Service recently issued regulations 
that impose sanctions on attorneys who provide informal written tax advice without prominently 
disclosing that the advice cannot be relied upon by the taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding 
penalties. Because this memorandum contains a discussion of tax issues that we do not believe 
warrants the significant additional time or expense that would be involved in the preparation of a 
formal opinion that complies with the IRS rules, we include the relevant IRS disclosure, below. 
If you would like us to prepare a formal tax opinion on which you may rely for penalty relief, 
please let us know, and we can discuss the cost of preparing one. 
Internal Revenue Service Circular 230 Notice: To ensure compliance with 
requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any U.S. tax advice 
contained in this communication (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be 
used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue 
Code or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter 
addressed herein. 
********************** 
EGK 
Under current law, it may be possible for a trust to avoid New York income taxes if it has no New York source 
income and no trustee who is a New York resident. 
-5-
DNI_US 35983468-3.088835.0011 
EFTA00587844

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587845.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587845.pdf
----------------------------------------
GOODWIN I PROCTER 
MEMORANDUM 
To 
Private Investment Fund Clients 
From 
Goodwin Procter LLP 
Re 
Pitfalls in Conducting a Private Placement 
Date 
September 23, 2013 
Preparation and planning (especially with regard to common legal pitfalls) can be an important 
component in a smooth and successful fundraising. This memorandum provides a brief introduction on 
three types of legal restrictions that apply to private equity, real estate, venture capital and other types of 
private funds (collectively, "Private Funds") offering securities in the United States in a private 
placement: (i) regulation of private placements; (ii) limitations on the payment of success based 
compensation; and (iii) limitations on the making of gifts and political contributions in connection with 
raising capital from public or quasi-public institutions. This memorandum is not intended to provide 
complete guidance on these restrictions, however, and we encourage you to discuss your specific offering 
with us. 
Attached is a checklist of actions we suggest sponsors of Private Funds avoid while marketing a Private 
Fund. 
1. 
Regulation of Private Placements 
A Private Fund planning to offer for sale its limited partnership interests or other similar interests in the 
Private Fund in the United States without registering such interests under the Securities Act of 1933 (the 
"Securities Act") must comply with the private placement rules of state and federal securities laws while 
marketing such interests. These rules apply to the Private Fund and to all persons acting on the Private 
Fund's behalf, such as each sponsor, fund manager, general partner or third party retained to assist in the 
offering. New federal rules governing private placements require that sponsors of Private Funds confirm 
that certain "bad actors" are not involved with the sponsor or the offering, and provide a new and, 
unfortunately, somewhat complicated choice in approaching private placements — whether to avoid 
general solicitations. 
The "Bad Actor" Restriction. The exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
provided by Rule 506 of Regulation D ("Rule 506"), the exemption generally used by Private Funds, is 
unavailable if the Private Fund, the sponsor or any of a broad range of persons that are involved with the 
sponsor or the offering (including beneficial owners of 20% or more of the Private Fund's voting 
securities and any person that has been or will be directly or indirectly compensated for raising capital), 
have been the subject of specified findings or orders ("Bad Act Determinations") arising from the 
violation of certain laws or regulations after September 23, 2013. Bad Actor Determinations prior to 
September 23, 2013 do not cause disqualification but require disclosure. The offering will not be 
disqualified under Rule 506 if the sponsor did not know and, in the exercise of reasonable care, could not 
have known of a relevant Bad Actor Determination at the time of the offering. Therefore, prior to 
LIBC/3630167.24 
EFTA00587845
--- PAGE 2 ---
GOODWIN I PROCTER 
commencing a private placement, a Private Fund sponsor should exercise reasonable care to identify Bad 
Actor Determinations affecting any person whose involvement, if they are subject to a Bad Actor 
Determination, would disqualify the offering or require disclosure. We have prepared a memorandum 
and questionnaire for this purpose. 
Whether Or Not To Engage In General Solicitations. Sponsors of Private Funds now have a choice of 
whether or not to engage in general solicitation of investors while raising capital for a Private Fund. 
Sponsors that are prepared to conduct their offerings without engaging in any general solicitation, as 
sponsors have historically done, may rely on Rule 506(b) and should review the guidance contained 
below in the "Avoiding General Solicitations" section. Private Fund sponsors that prefer not to be 
restricted from engaging in general solicitations of investors may rely on new Rule 506(c). Before doing 
so, Private Fund sponsors should carefully consider the implications of that choice. There are several 
requirements that apply to offerings involving general solicitations that do not apply if the Private Fund 
sponsor does not engage in any general solicitation. Potentially more significant than the additional 
requirements is the lack of clarity regarding the implications of a general solicitation on compliance with 
certain state and non-US regulatory requirements, and the possible application of proposed federal rules 
that are not yet effective. 
Some commentators have suggested that after a Private Fund commences an offering under Rule 506(b) 
without engaging in general solicitations, it is possible for the Private Fund sponsor to later decide to 
permit general solicitation and comply with Rule 506(c). While the new federal rules appear to permit 
this approach, advance planning will be required to comply with the NY requirement described below, 
and possibly other state and non-US securities law requirements as well. 
Additional Requirements for Offerings Involving General Solicitations. Sponsors that engage in 
general solicitations in an offering must take reasonable steps to verify that each investor is an accredited 
investor. The SEC has provided guidance in Rule 506(c) and the rule adopting release on what is 
sufficient in certain circumstances. Merely obtaining a certification from a new investor is not sufficient. 
Sponsors may hire service providers to provide verification services. Sponsors must reasonably believe 
that each investor is accredited, and so should understand the steps an outside service provider will take to 
verify the qualification of investors. Law firms are in the process of formulating their policies regarding 
giving opinions on offerings conducted pursuant to Rule 506(c) and it may be necessary to rely on one of 
the safe harbors for verification under the rule if an opinion is required that the offering complies with the 
rule. 
Accredited Investors Only. If a sponsor engages in general solicitation in making an offering 
under Rule 506(c), then subscriptions can be accepted only from accredited investors (generally, an 
individual with over $1 million net worth, excluding the net equity in the individual's principal residence, 
and entities with over $5 million net worth). This limitation may be a concern to sponsors that wish to 
accept subscriptions from friends and family. Offerings conducted without general solicitation under 
Rule 506(b) may include up to 35 unaccredited investors if certain additional conditions are satisfied. 
No Fallback Federal Exemption. Section 4(aX2) of the Securities Act provides an exemption 
from registration for offerings not involving a public offering. Rule 506 is a safe harbor for an offering to 
qualify under Section 4(a)(2). Sponsors attempting to qualify a Private Fund offering for an exemption 
under Rule 506(b) that fail to satisfy one or more of the requirements for Rule 506(b) can generally take 
the position that the offering nevertheless does not involve a public offering and is exempt from 
registration under Section 4(aX2). For example, if a Private Fund sponsor fails to discover a Bad Actor 
Determination that could have been discovered in the exercise of reasonable care, then the sponsor would 
likely still have a position that the offering was exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2). However, 
LIBC/3630167.24 
EFTA00587846
--- PAGE 3 ---
GOODWIN I PROCTER 
if the sponsor engaged in general solicitation in connection with the offering, then the sponsor's ability to 
rely on the 4(a)(2) exemption would be likely be eliminated. 
Reduction of State Securities Law Fallback Exemptions. Federal law preempts state regulation of 
offerings that are exempt under Rule 506 from registration but not notice filing and anti-fraud 
enforcement. Many sponsors of Private Funds rely on this preemption to comply with state securities 
laws. If an offering failed to comply with Rule 506 for any reason and the sponsor instead needed to rely 
on Section 4(a)(2), federal preemption would be unavailable, and state law limited offering exemptions 
would generally not be available because they are conditioned on the absence of general solicitation. 
While most states also have self-operative registration exemptions for offerings to certain institutional 
investors, these exemptions may not cover the investors solicited in the offering, and state regulators may 
take the position that these exemptions (which are for offers and sales exclusively to institutional 
investors) are unavailable if there has a been a general solicitation (and thus an offer to persons other than 
institutional investors). 
CFTC Compliance Commodity pool operators are required to register with the CFTC unless an 
exemption is available. CFTC Regulation 4.I3(a)(3), the de minimis exemption, which many Private 
Funds rely upon, requires that the Private Fund not engage in marketing to the public. While the CFTC 
has stated publicly that it is exploring whether to modify this regulation to make it available for Private 
Funds that engage in general solicitation, it has not yet done so. This is a significant concern for Private 
Funds that plan to purchase "commodity interests" directly or indirectly (e.g., by purchasing interests in 
underlying entities that own commodity interests) unless the sponsor plans to register as a commodity 
pool operator or the Private Funds principally invest, directly or indirectly, in real property and take the 
position that they are not commodity pools. "Commodity interests" include commodity futures, security 
futures, commodity options and swaps (including interest rate swaps, interest rate caps and currency 
swaps). 
Blue Sky Notice Requirements State securities law compliance for Rule 506 offerings not 
involving a general solicitation has become relatively straightforward. It is generally limited to making 
notice filings in the states where subscribers are located after subscriptions are made. In some states, no 
notice filing is required if the offering satisfies the conditions of a self-executing private placement 
exemption. Generally, state securities law compliance does not materially affect planning for the offering. 
State securities regulators are evaluating how to apply, and in some cases revise, state requirements for 
offerings involving general solicitations. Sponsors considering permitting general solicitation in offering 
a Private Fund may wish to evaluate applicable state securities requirements (especially in states where 
notice filings were not typically made) in light of their specific plans. Failure to comply with state 
securities laws may result in imposition of fines and, in certain instances, demands that the sponsor offer 
rescission rights to investors. In addition, an enforcement action by a state securities agency would likely 
require disclosure by sponsors that are registered investment advisers. 
New York Blue Sky Requirements The State of New York securities law notice filing 
requirements merit particular attention. Private Fund sponsors that engage in general solicitations must 
file a Form 99 with the New York Attorney General's Office prior to making any offers to investors 
located in New York. A general solicitation may constitute an offer to New York investors, so unless a 
Private Fund sponsor has concluded that under no circumstances will the offering include any New York 
investors, Form 99 should be filed prior to making any general solicitation that might be viewed as 
addressed to New York investors. Form 99 also requires a variety of enclosures, including a copy of the 
offering materials, and disclosure of personal background information about participants in prior offerings 
that would be considered a "controlling person" (which is broadly defined). Sponsors of Private Funds 
often engage in informal discussions with prospective investors prior to completing their offering 
materials. Sponsors should take care that those discussions do not rise to the level of an offer to a New 
LIBC/3630167.24 
EFTA00587847
--- PAGE 4 ---
GOODWIN I PROCTER 
York person prior to filing Form 99. Also, while Form 99 filings are not currently made publicly available 
online, the filings are available on request under the New York Freedom of Information Act and therefore 
may be obtained by trade journals, competitors and others. 
Increased Scrutiny. The SEC has announced that it intends to scrutinize offering materials in 
offerings using general solicitation by registered investment advisers, as has the Massachusetts Securities 
Division, and we expect that other states may do so as well. We expect that most of this increased 
scrutiny will be focused on offerings targeted at individual rather than institutional investors, but it 
suggests an increased risk that compliance issues that might not otherwise receive attention will be raised. 
While the announced efforts that we are aware of are targeted at sponsors of Private Funds that are 
registered investment advisers, they suggest the possibility that if sponsors that are not registered engage 
in general solicitation, it could lead to inquiries as to why they are not required to register, and their 
approach to broker dealer and other compliance issues generally. 
This memorandum does not discuss disclosure requirements in Private Fund offerings. Although 
Rule 502 of Regulation D does not require specific disclosure for Rule 506 offerings to accredited 
investors only, sellers are still subject to SEC Rule 10b-5, which makes it unlawful "to make any untrue 
statement of a material fact or to omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements 
made, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading." Rule 206(4)-8 
imposes a similar prohibition on investment advisers to pooled investment vehicles. In connection with 
the proposed amendments discussed below, the SEC has also proposed to expand the scope of Rule 156, 
currently applicable to the sales literature of registered investment companies, to apply to sales literature 
for private funds, as well as for public investment companies. Sales material prepared and distributed by 
FINRA member broker-dealers is also subject to the content standards of FINRA Rule 2210 (the 
"Communications Rule"). 
Proposed Federal Requirements. At the same time the SEC adopted new Rule 506(c) permitting 
general solicitation in certain offerings, it proposed a number of amendments to the regulations governing 
offerings that rely on Rule 506(c). It is unclear whether, or when, these changes will be adopted and how 
they will apply to Rule 506(c) offerings underway at the time they become effective. As a result, 
sponsors should anticipate that all or some of the following changes may apply to any offerings that they 
conduct in reliance on Rule 506(c): 
1. 
Currently, sponsors that rely on Rule 506 are required to file a report on the offering (referred to 
as Form D) within 15 days after the first sale, but failure to comply with this requirement does not 
affect the availability of the exemption for the registration requirement of the Securities Act of 
1933 provided by Rule 506. The proposed amendments to the rules would (i) require that Form D 
be filed 15 days before engaging in general solicitation under Rule 506(c) and (ii) require the 
filing of a closing amendment to Form D under certain circumstances within 30 calendar days 
after terminating any Rule 506 offering. Under the proposed amendments, failure to comply with 
these new Form D filing requirements by a sponsor or its affiliates during a five year look back 
period would disqualify a sponsor from relying on Rule 506 for one year after the corrective 
required Form D filing is made'. 
Proposed Rule 503(b) would permit a sponsor to cure a late filing within 30 days without disqualification, but 
only once during an offering. The implication of the proposed disqualification provision for the use of new 
Rule 506(c) to address inadvertent general solicitations is that (assuming there has not been a previous late 
filing) the sponsor would need to file an amended Form D electing the Rule 506(c) exemption within 15 days 
after the inadvertent general solicitation or would otherwise be disqualified from using Regulation D for a year 
after the corrective filing is made. Some commenters on the proposal, including the New York State Bar 
Association Securities Regulation Committee, have suggested that the SEC should add filing and other 
procedures making it easier to use Rule 506(c) to cure inadvertent general solicitation. 
LIBC/3630167.24 
EFTA00587848
--- PAGE 5 ---
GOODWIN 
I PROCTER 
2. 
Proposed Rule 509 would require prescribed legends in any written general solicitation materials 
used in a Rule 506(c) offering. Private Funds that rely on certain commonly utilized Investment 
Company Act exemptions would also be required to include an additional legend and certain 
other disclosures. 
3. 
The proposed rules would also require that if such a Private Fund's written general solicitation 
materials include performance data, then such data must be as of the most recent practicable date 
considering the type of Private Fund and the media through which the data will be conveyed, and 
the Private Fund would be required to disclose the period for which performance is presented. 
4. 
Proposed Rule 510T would require issuers to submit any written general solicitation materials 
used in Rule 506(c) offerings to the SEC no later than the date of first use of these materials. 
These submissions would not be available to the public and Rule 510T would expire two years 
after its effective date. 
Compliance with Non-US Securities Law This memorandum does not address the implications 
of general solicitations for compliance with securities laws of jurisdictions outside of the United States. 
Sponsors considering permitting general solicitations that are planning to seek investors outside of the 
United States should evaluate the impact that general solicitation may have on compliance with the laws 
of the jurisdictions where they seek non—US investors. 
Avoiding General Solicitation 
While there is no precise and all-inclusive definition of what constitutes a "general solicitation," the term 
generally includes: (i) advertisements (including publicly accessible websites); (ii) articles, notices or 
interviews published in any newspaper or magazine, or broadcast over television, radio or the Internet; 
(iii) communications at any conference, seminar or meeting to which attendees have been invited by any 
communication that itself is a general solicitation; and (iv) any type of publicity generally in each case, if 
they relate to, or are designed to generate interest in, a planned or ongoing offering or if they have that 
effect. 
This means that a Private Fund and persons acting on its behalf may not use any public medium or 
forum to promote the offering. Instead, solicitations of, or offers to, prospective investors must be made 
by the Private Fund or by a fund manager or other person acting on behalf of the Private Fund only in 
private communications. 
Generally permissible activities include: (i) contacting prospective investors with whom the Private Fund 
or a fund manager or someone acting on behalf of the Private Fund has a pre-existing business 
relationship that is sufficiently substantive that the person so acting has a reasonable basis to believe the 
prospective investor is sophisticated and accredited and otherwise qualified to invest in a Private Fund (a 
"Qualified Investor"), (ii) responding to unsolicited requests for proposals from investors reasonably 
believed to be Qualified Investors; and (iii) developing substantive relationships with prospective 
investors through a reasonable amount of customary networking activity provided that there is no 
solicitation of an investment in the Private Fund until a reasonable time has passed after the creation of 
the relationship. However, a broad-based, direct mail or telephone campaign that targets prospective 
investors with whom neither the Private Fund nor a fund manager, nor someone acting on their behalf, 
has a pre-existing relationship could be challenged as a general solicitation. 
Although it is not practical to list every type of communication that could constitute a general solicitation, 
persons involved in the offering should observe the following general guidelines: 
LIBC/3630167.24 
EFTA00587849
--- PAGE 6 ---
GOODWIN I PROCTER 
Do not speak to the press, grant interviews, or otherwise provide them with materials relating to 
the offering, including media reports prepared by third parties. If contacted by the press for 
comments about the offering, all persons should be instructed to reply "No comment." 
2. 
Do not discuss the fact that the Private Fund is offering securities at any conference, seminar, or 
forum to which attendees have been invited by means of any general advertising or solicitation. 
3. 
Do not discuss the track record or other performance data of fund managers of the Private Fund in 
any public forum in a manner that could be viewed as attempting to "hype" or "condition the 
market" for the offering. 
4. 
Do not post information relating to the offering on any website that is not "password-protected" 
and do not allow access to any website with such information other than to prospective investors 
with whom the Private Fund or fund manager or someone acting on behalf of the Private Fund 
has a pre-existing substantive relationship sufficient to determine that the prospective investor is a 
Qualified Investor. 
5. 
Do not offer to sell to or solicit offers to buy from prospective investors other than persons with 
whom the Private Fund, fund manager or persons acting on their behalf, has a pre-existing 
substantive relationship sufficient to determine that the person is a Qualified Investor. 
Violation of the prohibition on general solicitation may subject the Private Fund to a mandatory "cooling-
off" period and civil penalties, and may even give investors a right to rescind their subscriptions at a later 
date (e.g., after the Private Fund has incurred losses) and be repaid the amount of their investments that 
have been contributed to the Private Fund. Even if a specific communication were ultimately held not to 
constitute a general solicitation, contesting an investor's claim that it has a right to rescind its investment 
could be costly, time consuming, and disruptive. 
Although the SEC interprets the meaning of general solicitation broadly to restrict communications in 
connection with a private placement, it has acknowledged that Private Funds (and companies, generally) 
must still communicate with the public as part of their ongoing business unrelated to fund raising. As a 
result, the SEC permits companies to continue their normal course of business communications so long as 
those communications are not a solicitation of an offer to invest or otherwise designed to generate interest 
in an investment. While an offering is being planned or underway, it is safest to avoid media attention 
and publicity beyond what is normal at other times. If the Private Fund or any of its affiliates becomes 
involved in something newsworthy unrelated to the offering or otherwise wishes to promote its business 
in a public manner while the offering is underway, care should be exercised to avoid any mention of the 
offering and to design communications so their purpose and effect is limited to a customary objective of 
the Private Fund unrelated to the offering, such as developing a deal-flow pipeline. A Private Fund that 
has not promoted its business (or that of its affiliates) publicly prior to an offering should not do so during 
an offering, or when one is contemplated, without consulting with counsel. 
It is, of course, permissible to speak to the press and the public about the offering after the fundraising 
process has been completed (i.e., when the Private Fund had a final closing on all subscriptions and is no 
longer accepting any subscriptions). However, it may be prudent to avoid such communications even 
after the fundraising process has been completed because they may complicate or delay re-opening the 
offering if that later becomes desirable, or may be viewed as a general solicitation by generating interest 
in a similar subsequent offering that follows quickly after the completion of the first fundraising. 
LIBC/3630167.24 
EFTA00587850
--- PAGE 7 ---
GOODWIN I PROCTER 
2. 
Success Based Compensation 
The SEC and the states all generally require that any individual or entity who effects securities 
transactions for the account of others be registered as a broker unless an exemption is available. Private 
Funds and fund managers should consult with counsel prior to dealing with any proposed finders or other 
intermediaries and should confirm that the finders or other intermediaries are properly qualified, licensed 
and registered in each applicable jurisdiction or that they qualify for an exemption from registration. The 
2009 revision of the Form D required to be filed with the SEC and state securities regulators in 
connection with offering under Rule 506 now requires disclosure of the name of, and other information 
about, any person, including a "finder," that has been or will be paid any direct or indirect compensation 
in connection with the sales of securities in the offering. 
In addition, the duties and responsibilities of employees, officers or individual members or partners of the 
general partner, the sponsor or the affiliated management company of a Private Fund should not be solely 
or primarily fundraising nor should such persons be compensated based upon the success, size or amount 
of the offering of a Private Fund's securities, unless they are appropriately licensed and registered. While 
there is a safe harbor for persons associated with a Private Fund who solicit investors to invest in that 
Private Fund, that safe harbor is conditioned, among other things, on the absence of any transaction-
related compensation for soliciting investors or helping to close investments in the Private Fund's 
securities. Salaries and bonuses not tied to the success, size or amount of an offering generally are 
permissible. Similarly, direct or indirect equity interests in the general partner or management company 
receiving a management fee from the Private Fund, the grant of which is not tied to the success of the 
grantee in selling securities, are generally permissible, notwithstanding that the value of and cash flow 
from such interests are affected by the success of the offering as a whole. 
The SEC and the states have recently begun to take enforcement actions against finders who have failed 
to properly register, even when there is no fraud or other wrongdoing. Certain public or quasi-public 
pension plans also require that all persons acting as brokers or finders for a Private Fund's offering be 
properly registered as a condition to investing in that Private Fund. 
The consequences for a Private Fund that pays a person who is neither properly registered as a broker 
under federal or state law nor exempt from registration can be serious. The subscription of any investors 
introduced to the Private Fund by the unregistered broker can be deemed void, and the Private Fund can 
be required to offer rescission rights to such investors. This could result in the Private Fund and persons 
controlling the Private Fund being required to make up any losses suffered by investors and having to 
refund any fees charged to investors. Triggering rescission rights for the investors introduced to the 
Private Fund by the unregistered broker may give other investors rescission rights as well. 
3. 
Gifts and Political Contributions and Registration as a Lobbyist 
Private Funds and their fund managers considering soliciting investments from state university 
endowments, public pension plans and other investors that are public or quasi-public agencies or entities 
should be aware of rules and policies adopted by or otherwise applicable to certain of those investors that 
restrict or require disclosure of gifts or campaign contributions to employees, trustees, or other 
government officials associated with such public or quasi-public agencies or entities or require persons 
involved in soliciting an invest to register as a lobbyist. In some cases the applicable rules or policies 
apply to contributions made to any elected official of the state with which the investor is affiliated. Prior 
to any person affiliated with a Private Fund making a gift or contribution to anyone associated with a 
public or quasi-public agency or entity (which can include a wide range of government officials), fund 
managers should investigate whether such gifts or contributions are subject to reporting requirements or 
LIBC/3630167.24 
EFTA00587851
--- PAGE 8 ---
GOODWIN 
I PROCTER 
will prohibit such agency or entity from making an investment in the Private Fund, and whether 
registration as a lobbyist is required. 
This memorandum is intended only as a general discussion of the information presented and should not 
be regarded as legal advice. For more information, please contact your Goodwin Procter LLP attorney. 
LIBC/3630167.24 
EFTA00587852
--- PAGE 9 ---
GOODW IN ',ROOTER 
PRIVATE PLACEMENT PITFALLS 
1. 
Involving "Bad Actors". Confirm that no one involved with the sponsor or the offering is 
subject to a finding or order that will disqualify the offering or require disclosure under the "bad 
actor" rule. 
2. 
Retaining an Intermediary to Assist in the Offering Unless the Intermediary is Properly 
Registered. Do not retain a broker or finder to assist in an offering without verifying that the 
intermediary is appropriately licensed and registered. 
3. 
Employing and Compensating Unlicensed Brokers. Unless a person is appropriately licensed 
and registered, his or her sole or primary function on behalf of a general partner, or affiliated 
management company or sponsor of a Private Fund, whether as principal, employee or 
independent contractor, should not be fundraising. Nor should the compensation of any such 
person that is not appropriately licensed and registered be based upon the success, size or amount 
of an offering or the employee's success in arranging investor subscriptions 
4. 
Making Gifts or Contributions to Persons Affiliated with Public or Quasi-Public Agencies 
or Entities. Prior to making a gift or campaign contribution to anyone associated with a state 
university endowment, public pension plan or other public or quasi-public agency or entity, 
investigate whether such gifts or contributions are subject to reporting requirements or will 
prohibit the agency or entity from making an investment in the offering. 
For Sponsors That Elect to Reserve the Ability to Make General Solicitations in Connection Is it h 
Their Offerings 
5. 
If Soliciting New York Investors, Make the New York Pre-Solicitation Filing. Before 
engaging in a general solicitation that may be viewed at targeted at New York investors, or 
discussing the offering with prospective New Your investors, even privately, comply with the 
New York pre-solicitation filing requirement. 
6. 
Evaluate State Blue Sky and Non-US Securities Law Compliance Requirements in Advance. 
Before discussing the offering with prospective investors, even privately, evaluate other blue sky 
compliance requirements in the states and non-US jurisdictions where investors may reside. 
For Sponsors That Elect to Avoid General Solicitations in Connection with Their Offerings 
7. 
Mentioning the Offering to Media. Do not mention the offering to the press, grant interviews, 
or furnish materials relating to the offering to any reporter or other source of media coverage. If 
contacted by the press for comments about the offering, all persons should be instructed to reply 
"No comment." 
8. 
Failing to Carefully Restrict Non-Offering Media Attention. Avoid any interviews about the 
Private Fund or other media attention unless clearly focused on activities unrelated to the 
offering. We strongly recommend discussing with counsel in advance any media attention that 
relates to or could be viewed as generating interest in the Private Fund while the offering is 
planned or ongoing. 
LIBC/3630167.24 
EFTA00587853
--- PAGE 10 ---
GOODWIN I PROCTER 
9. 
Failing to Keep the Offering Confidential. Do not discuss the fact that the Private Fund is 
being formed or offering securities at any conference, seminar, or public forum to which 
attendees have been invited by means of general advertising or general solicitation. 
10. 
Hyping the Private Fund in Public. Do not discuss the track record or other performance data 
of persons affiliated with the Private Fund in any public forum in a manner that could be viewed 
as attempting to "hype" or "condition the market" for the offering. 
11. 
Disclosing the Offering on any Website Unless Password Protected. Do poi post (and do not 
allow anyone acting on behalf of the Private Fund or its sponsors to post) information relating to 
the offering on any website that is not "password-protected" and do not allow access to any 
website with such information other than to persons with whom the Private Fund or someone 
acting on its behalf has a substantive pre-existing relationship sufficient to provide a basis for 
determining that the person is sophisticated and accredited and otherwise qualified to invest in a 
Private Fund. 
12. 
Soliciting Investors Without First Establishing a Substantive Relationship. Do on t solicit 
interest from individuals or other prospective investors without having or establishing a 
substantive relationship sufficient to provide a basis for determining that the prospective investor 
is sophisticated and accredited and otherwise qualified to invest in a Private Fund. 
LIBC/3630167.24 
EFTA00587854

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587855.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587855.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
PARK PLAZA.SUITE 1000 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS 02116 
(617) 9014472 
Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71St St 
New York, NY 
July 2, 2013 
INVOICE FOR LEGAL SERVICES 
For legal work from June 1, 2013 through June 30, 2013 including 
communications with FBI re FOIA application, managing archive project, and 
responding to Court Orders issued on June 18-19, 2013 in CVRA case, preparation 
of motion for stay, researching rights of limited or post-judgment intervention in 
CVRA case, communications with co-counsel on legal team, review of CVRA file 
Martin G Weinberg 22.35 hrs @ $1000 p/h 
- $22,583.00 
Kimberly Homan 
34.00 hrs @ $ 450 p/h 
- $15,300.00 
Paralegal hours for June 2013 on archive project 20 hrs @ $50 p/h - $ 1,000.00 
Expenses: PACER downloading of complete files of all federal cases for 
Archives 
- $1,891.00 
Total Fees owed 
Yours Truly 
Martin G Weinberg 
$40,700.00 
EFTA00587855

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587856.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587856.pdf
----------------------------------------
Name 
Date 
Titun 
MUSIC MIND & BRAIN 
MUSIC INDUSTRY 103 
UCLA HERB ALPERT SCHOOL OF MUSIC 
2013-2014 ACADEMIC YEAR, SPRING QUARTER 
Professor: Mark Tramo MD PhD 
DUE WEDNESDAY JUNE 11, 2014 
before 11:59 P.M 
Please 
1. Fill in your name and the date above. 
2. Complete the exam below without deleting any of the questions. 
3. Save as a .DOC or .RTF file using a filename that includes your 
SURNAME. 
4. Email to 
by due date/time. 
EFTA00587856
--- PAGE 2 ---
I. Conceptual & Methodological Approaches to Understanding Mind-
Brain Relationships 
1. In class, we discussed several concepts that form the foundation of modern scientific 
inquiry and guide experimental approaches to research on mind-brain correlates. 
Write the letter of the concept on the line preceding the corresponding paragraph. Use each 
letter once. 
A. Verificationism 
B. Falsificationism 
C. Existence Proof 
D. Neuroanatomically-Dissociable Psychological Functions 
Introspection is not an acceptable scientific method for answering questions 
about how the brain perceives, performs, remembers, feels, and creates music. Nor are 
anecdotes an acceptable means of understanding the potential health benefits of "music 
therapy". One must formulate testable hypotheses whose truth value can be tested via well-
controlled experiments. Propositions whose truth value cannot be tested through empirical 
observation lie outside the realm of science. (4 pts) 
Case SC, a Tony Award-winning musical director, suffered damage the 
Orbitofrontal Gyri in the Left and Right Frontal Lobes due to a Stroke. Subsequently, he 
couldn't control his emotional and visceral responses to music, especially his lifelong 
favorites, like Puccini's Madame Buil* Conclusion: one's ability to control emotional and 
visceral responses to music tan be lost following lesions of the Left and Right Orbitofrontal 
Gyri, but we don't know if that's true for most people, especially since SC had extraordinary 
talent in music. (4 pts) 
We really can't prove any hypothesis is true beyond doubt using scientific 
methods. What scientists ran do is exclude what is not true. By ruling out hypotheses using 
rigorous empirical methods, scientists can refute or refine a theory, even if they can't prove 
beyond a doubt the theory is true. Scientific theories advance and evolve over time by this 
process. (4 pts) 
Carl Wernicke was a 19th century German neurologist who published the first 
cases of what he termed "Cortical Deafness" and "Sensory Aphasia". The latter term is now 
often referred to as "Wemicke's Aphasia". In right-handed patient populations with Left 
Hemisphere strokes involving posterior Auditory Association Cortex, speech 
comprehension is severely impaired (Sensory Aphasia) but speech production is normal or 
mildly impaired. This observation suggests that speech comprehension and speech 
production are governed by different mental operations housed in different brain regions. (4 
pts) 
EFTA00587857
--- PAGE 3 ---
2. In lectures and seminar presentations of professional journal publications, we discussed 
the handful of methods presently available to neuroscientists who want to study music 
cognition. Limitations in these methods inherently limit the questions neuroscientists can 
answer experimentally. For example, much is known about the gross-anatomy and gross-
physiology of human auditory cortex but very little is known about its micro-physiology, 
which we infer from work in other animals, especially in the primate Genus Maraca 
(commonly called "macaques") of the primate Family Cerropithecidae (commonly called "Old 
World Monkeys"). 
Below is a list of methods used to study gross brain anatomy, pathology, physiology, and 
chemistry in humans and other animals. Write the letter of the method on the line preceding 
the corresponding description. Use each letter once. 
A. MRI (a.k.a., anatomical MRI) 
B. PET 
C. MEG 
D. fMRI 
Measures magnetic field potentials generated by millions of neurons in 
different regions of the brain with excellent temporal resolution and poor spatial resolution. 
Has been used to study expectancy generation, violation, and satisfaction during music 
listening (2 pts) 
What does the abbreviation stand for? (2 pts) 
Measures blood flow, glucose consumption, and/or oxygen consumption in 
the working brain using radioactive chemicals. Can also be used to estimate the binding 
radioactive ligands to neurotransmitter receptors (e.g., dopamine or opioid receptors). Spatial 
resolution is fair and temporal resolution is poor. Measurements are almost always averaged 
across subjects, whose brains are often warped to fit a standard, 3D brain template of a dead 
Frenchwoman's brain published by Talairach et al. (2 pts) 
What does the abbreviation stand for? (2 pts) 
Well-suited for studying brain anatomy and pathology (lesions) with superb 
spatial resolution. Tl-weighted images can be used to measure the volume of the superior 
temporal gyrus in each hemisphere and test "bigger is better" hypotheses (e.g., the 
hypothesis that the posterior superior temporal gyms in the left hemisphere is bigger in 
musicians with absolute pitch than in non-musicians). T2-weighted images are especially 
useful for identifying areas of the brain that are damaged by strokes and other diseases. 
Temporal resolution is nil, so it can't show the working brain. (2 pts) 
What does the abbreviation stand for? (2 pts) 
EFTA00587858
--- PAGE 4 ---
Measures hemodynamic activity [e.g., blood oxygen-level dependent (BOLD) 
changes — an index of brain oxygen consumption]. Does not use radioactive chemicals. 
Spatial resolution and temporal resolution are good but not great. In most experiments, 
measurements are averaged across subjects, whose brains are warped to kt a standard, 3D 
brain template of a dead Frenchwoman's brain published by Talairach et al. (2 pts). 
What does the abbreviation stand for? (2 pts) 
3. Methods used to study the brain vary with respect to their spatial resolution and temporal 
resolution. If a neuroscientist is interested in neuroanatomical detail, then using "high-der 
spatial resolution is important. If a neuroscientist is interested in how neuronal activity 
changes rapidly over time, then using methods with high temporal resolution is important. 
a. True or false? (put a "1" or "F"' on the line before each statement (4 pts) 
A spatial resolution of 1 cm is better than a spatial resolution of 10 mm 
A spatial resolution of 1 mm is better than a spatial resolution of 1 cm 
A temporal resolution of 1 millisecond is better than a temporal resolution of 
500 microseconds 
A temporal resolution of 100 microseconds is better than a temporal 
resolution of 100 milliseconds 
b. Rank the following methods' spatial resolution from best (1) to worst (4). Write the rank 
on the line to the left of the method. (4 pts) 
anatomical MRI 
EEG 
fMRI 
PET 
c. Rank the following methods' temporal resolution from best (1) to worst (4). Write the 
rank on the line to the left of the method. (4 pts) 
anatomical MR1 
EEG 
fMRI 
PET 
EFTA00587859
--- PAGE 5 ---
4. Below is a list of methods used in psychophysical experiments designed to measure 
perceptual acuity. Write the letter of the method on the line next to the description it 
matches. Use each letter once. 
A. Method of Constant Stimuli 
B. Method of Adjustment 
C. Adaptive Method 
Violinists, guitarists and other string players use this method to tune each 
string on their instruments. (2 pts) 
Stimulus variables are "canned" and the results depend on how you set those 
variables before doing the test (including this final exam). Not well-suited to defining 
psychophysical thresholds [e.g., the difference threshold, a.k.a. difference limen (DL) or just 
noticeable difference OND) for pitch discrimination]. (2 pts) 
Stimulus variables change depending on how well the subject does. The 
GREs use this method. Well-suited to measuring JNDs. (2 pts) 
II. Pictures of Sound & the Psychoacoustics of Music 
5. To understand neuroscientific approaches to music-related functions, especially those 
related to acoustic feature extraction and auditory percept formation, it is helpful to picture 
sounds graphically in two dimensions (e.g., acoustic waveforms; amplitude spectra) and three 
dimensions (e.g., spectrograms) and to learn the names of auditory objects and features used 
in the "language games" played by musicians, acousticians, psychologists, and 
neuroscientists. 
In class, we used digital sound recording, editing, and analysis software (Audacity®, 
Amadeus®) to look at acoustic waveforms, amplitude spectra, and spectrograms. Write the 
letter of the type of sound-picture on the line preceding the corresponding description. 
A. Acoustic Waveform 
B. Amplitude Spectrum (a.k.a., Power Spectrum, Magnitude Spectrum) 
C. Spectrogram (a.k.a. Voiceprint) 
A picture of sound in the Time Domain (2 pts) 
A picture of sound in the Spectral Domain (2 pts) 
A picture of sound in both the Time & Spectral Domains (2 pts) 
x axis = frequency (usually Hz); y axis = amplitude of sound pressure 
fluctuations at the corresponding frequency (usually dB SPL re: 20 microPascals). (2 pts) 
EFTA00587860
--- PAGE 6 ---
x axis = time (usually milliseconds); y axis = frequency of sound pressure 
fluctuations at the corresponding time (in Hz); z axis (e.g., color) = amplitude of sound 
pressure fluctuations at the corresponding time and frequency (usually dB SPL re: 20 
microPascals). (2 pts) 
x axis = time (usually milliseconds); y axis = amplitude of sound pressure 
fluctuations at the corresponding time (usually dB SPL re: 20 microPascals). (2 pts) 
6. Flow is the period (I) of a pure-tone (a.k.a. sinusoidal-tone) related to the frequency (F) of 
sound wave vibrations? Put an X on the line preceding the correct answer. (2 pts) 
T = 2 x F 
T = F/2 
T = P 
T = 1/F 
none of the above 
7. Pure-tones really don't exist in the natural sound environment — one needs a digital or 
analog device to generate them. Even then, loudspeakers and our ears "distort" pure-tones —
i.e., introduce other frequencies - especially at high amplitudes. String instruments like the 
guitar, violin, and piano produce complex-tones that contain multiple frequencies, including 
a strong fundamental frequency (F0) that gives rise to a strong pitch percept. Before classical 
music concerts, we often hear violinists and string players tuning their instruments to the 
pitch A4. 
What is the fundamental frequency (F0) (in Hz) of string vibrations corresponding to 
the pitch A4? 
(2 pts) 
What is the fundamental period (in milliseconds) of A4? 
(2 pts) 
8. What are the frequencies of harmonics 4, 5, and 6 of a harmonic series with FO at C5? 
(Hint•. Calculate FO of C5 from the frequency of A4, then calculate the frequencies of the 
harmonics from FO of C5.) 
(4 pts) 
EFTA00587861
--- PAGE 7 ---
8. Psychoacoustics is a discipline of Psychology that is concerned with the relationships 
between physical (acoustical) features of sound and perceptual (psychological, mental) 
attributes of sound. Write the letter of the acomlicallealure on the line preceding the musical 
percept it is most closely related to. Use each letter once. 
A. Sound Pressure Amplitude (related to Intensity, Power, Sound 
Pressure Level) 
B. Frequency 
C. Duration 
Pitch (2 pts) 
Duration (2 pts) 
Loudness (2 pts) 
9. Which has the highest pitch? (Write an "X" on the line in front of the correct answer; 4 
Pts) 
a 440 Hz pure-tone 
a harmonic tone with a fundamental frequency at 660 Hz 
a harmonic tone with a "missing" fundamental frequency at 880 Hz 
10. Why do most musical cultures have scales anchored by 7 or fewer pitches per octave 
when the human auditory system can resolve dozens of pitches per octave? Why not have 50 
pitches per octave instead of 7? Isn't more better? Please limit your answer to 140 characters 
or less. (4 pts) 
III. Neuroanatomy and Neurophysiology of Music Cognition 
11. Do you hear yourself reading this sentence? There are no sound waves corresponding to 
what you "heard". Even when there are sound waves evoking the pre-conscious formation 
of auditory percepts, there are no sound waves in your brain. Your auditory nervous system 
EFTA00587862
--- PAGE 8 ---
"represents" the physical and perceptual features of sound using three basic types of neural 
codes. 
What are the three basic types of neural codes the brain can use to represent music, speech, 
and environmental sounds? Note: testing specific hypotheses about which of these codes, 
and how many, are used for pitch perception, speech recognition, and other auditory 
functions in our natural sound environment is an active area of research in Neuroscience. 
(6 pts) 
12. Modality-specific neurons increase or decrease their activity /nib, when one Dy>e of 
peripheral neuron (auditory, visual, tactile, motor, etc.) is active. In the cerebral cortex, the 2-
mm-thick "brain peel" that covers the surface of the cerebral hemispheres, modality-
specific neurons are not scattered throughout the 2000 cm2 expanse of the cortex but are 
localized in the same region of cortex, sometimes within a specific gyrus. 
The surface of the cortex has hills and valleys - the extrasulcal and intrasulcal portions, 
respectively, of the cortical convolutions. The cortical surface can be subdivided into gross 
anatomical structures: each hemisphere is divided into lobes, and each lobe is divided into 
lobules, gyri, and other sub-structures. The boundaries between gyri are sometimes well-
defined and sometimes not. 
Which of the following gyri of the cerebral cortex contain modality-specific neurons that 
increase or decrease their activity only, when inner hair cells and Type I spiral ganglion cells in 
the cochlea are active? Put an "X" next to all that apply. (4 pts) 
superior temporal gyrus 
middle temporal gyms 
inferior temporal gyms 
pre-central gyms 
post-central gyrus 
orbitofrontal gyrus 
transverse gyrus of Heschl 
13. We saw in the Journal of Comparative Neurology paper by Morel, Kaas, and colleagues that 
neurons in the auditory cortex field called "Al" are arranged according to their "Best 
Frequency (BF)". This orderly arrangement of neurons according to their BF is termed 
"Tonotopy" or, equivalently, "Cochleotopy". One way to define BF is to identify the pure-
tone frequency that excites the neuron most at a given intensity (say, at 40 dB SPL). 
Excitation is indexed by measuring the number of action potentials (or "spikes") fired by the 
EFTA00587863
--- PAGE 9 ---
neuron per second while the tone is on. This is an example of the brain using two of the 
above three candidate codes to represent frequency. Which two codes? 
(4 pts) 
14. Auditory information presented to the right ear gets relayed to (Write an X on the line 
before the correct answer, 2 pts): 
the right auditory cortex ("ipsilaterally") 
the left auditory cortex ("contralaterally") 
both the left and right auditory cortices ("bilaterally") 
15. Indicate below which gyms of the cerebral cortex houses Primary Auditory Cortex by 
typing "Al" on the line in front of the gyrus. Then indicate below which gyms houses 
almost all of Auditory Association Cortex by typing "AA" on the line in front of that gyms. 
(4 pts). 
transverse gyrus of Heschl 
parahippocampal gyms 
superior frontal gyms 
superior temporal gyrus 
cingulate gyrus 
orbitofrontal gyms 
16. Write the letter of the auditory perceptual deficit next to the lesion that causes it. (4 pts) 
A. Inability to judge with high acuity whether two pure-tones have the "same" pitch 
or a "different" pitch. 
B. Inability to judge with high acuity whether the second of two pure-tones is 
"higher" or "lower" in pitch than the first 
C. Both A and B 
EFTA00587864
--- PAGE 10 ---
D. Neither A nor B 
complete bilateral lesions of the transverse gyri of Heschl and partial bilateral 
lesions of the superior temporal gyros 
unilateral lesions of the right transverse gyrus of Heschl and right anterior 
superior temporal gyrus 
17. Recognition memory for the melodies of songs is impaired following lesions of which of 
the following brain structures? Check all that apply. (4 pts) 
right anterior temporal lobe 
right anterior frontal lobe 
left anterior temporal lobe 
left anterior frontal lobe 
18. Recognition memory for lyrics of songs is impaired following lesions of which of the 
following brain structures? Check all that apply. (4 pts) 
right anterior temporal lobe 
right anterior frontal lobe 
left anterior temporal lobe 
left anterior frontal lobe 
19. The Corpus Colbourn is a huge bundle of axons (over 100 million) that connects: 
(Write an X next to your answer; 2 pts): 
the Temporal Lobe and Frontal Lobe 
the Temporal Lobe and Parietal Lobe 
the Cerebral Hemispheres and the Brainstem 
the Left and Right Cerebral Hemispheres. 
EFTA00587865
--- PAGE 11 ---
20. Which hemisphere of split-brain patients JW and VP had a higher response accuracy 
when it judged individual musical chords (major triads) that were "In-tune"? See Experiment 
in the split-brain paper by Tramo and Bharucha. (4 pts) 
Left Hemisphere 
Right Hemisphere 
21. The auditory neurophysiology literature is replete with papers describing neural correlates 
of one or moreply/az/ features of sound like frequency or intensity. Finding neural 
correlates of perceptual features that remain constant despite physical changes in the stimulus 
is more challenging. 
In class, we covered two neural coding papers describing brain responses that depended on 
perceptual, not physical, features of the stimulus. In the paper by Bendor and Wang, we saw 
that the spike rate of Al neurons in awake New World monkeys depended on the pitch of a 
harmonic-tone, even when the fundamental frequency of the tone was removed and the 
spectral energy distribution among harmonics was varied. In the paper by Iversen et at, we 
saw that MEG activity in a specific frequency band of "brain waves" followed beats 
embedded in a rhythm, even when the beat was missing (illusory or "imagined" beats). 
Which MEG frequency band(s) contained the neural representation of the imagined beat? (4 
points) 
alpha (8-12 Hz) 
beta (13-30 Hz) 
gamma (31-100 Hz) 
theta (4-7 Hz) 
delta (1-3 Hz) 
22. In right-handers, the left cerebral hemisphere plays a critical role in the ability to 
articulate ideas and comprehend sentences. 
True or false? — In right-handers, the right cerebral hemisphere is the "musical 
hemisphere" — i.e., it plays a critical role in all aspects of music perception and cognition. Put 
an "X" next to your answer. (4 pts) 
True 
False 
EFTA00587866
--- PAGE 12 ---
23. Match the type knowledge with the corresponding example below. (4 pts) 
A. Explicit knowledge 
B. Implicit knowledge 
Knowing that a IV chord often follows a I chord in popular rock, folk, and 
country music. 
Knowing that Avogadro's number equals 6.02 x 1073
24. The ability to name the pitch of any sound, termed "absolute pitch" or "perfect pitch", is 
in one sense a "talent" and in another sense a handicap inasmuch as musicians with absolute 
pitch find transposition from one key to another more difficult than those without AP. 
Neuroanatomists have measured the size of the superior surface of the superior temporal 
gyrus, the planum temporale, in musicians with absolute pitch. Put an "X" next to the line 
that describes the relative size of the left vs. right planum temporale in musicians with 
absolute pitch. (4 pts) 
the left planum temporale is bigger than the right planum temporale in 
musicians with absolute pitch 
the right planum temporale is bigger than the left planum temporale in 
musicians with absolute pitch 
the left planum temporale is about the same size as the right planum 
temporale in musicians with absolute pitch 
25. We looked at two experiments that sought neural correlates of musical creativity by 
measuring fMRI activity during keyboard improvisation. True or False? (4 pts) 
during improvisation, all of the cerebral cortex increases its activity 
during improvisation, the right cerebral cortex works harder than the left 
cerebral cortex 
during improvisation, the left cerebral cortex works harder than the right 
cerebral cortex 
during improvisation, some areas in the left and right cerebral cortex 
symmetrically increase their activity while other areas in the left and right cerebral cortex 
symmetrically decrease their activity 
EFTA00587867
--- PAGE 13 ---
26. Match the Music-Related Function to its Anatomical Location (see the letter on the Lateral 
View of the Right Hemisphere below) and its corresponding Functional S./Moisten, of the 
Cerebral Cortex (see the corresponding Roman numeral in the list below the brain). Write the 
letter/numeral on the line following the description. Use each letter and numeral once. 
I. Modality-Specific System (Auditory) 
II. Modality-Specific System (Motor/Somatosensory) 
III. Modality-Specific System (Visual) 
IV. Supra-Modal System (Future-Supramodal Subsystem) 
Auditory Analysis & Representation (e.g., perception of melody, harmony, rhythm, 
timbre, voice): 
Corresponding Anatomical Structure: Letter = 
. (4 pts) 
Corresponding Functional Cortical Subsystem: Roman Numeral 
• (4 pts) 
Expectancy Generation, Violation, & Satisfaction (e.g., repetition, return, 
appoggiatura): 
Corresponding Anatomical Structure: Letter = 
. (4 pts) 
Corresponding Functional Cortical Subsystem: Roman Numeral 
• (4 pts) 
Visual Perception (e.g., stage lighting, scene design, facial expression, body 
language): 
Corresponding Anatomical Structure: Letter = 
. (4 pts) 
Corresponding Functional Cortical Subsystem: Roman Numeral 
• (4 pts) 
EFTA00587868
--- PAGE 14 ---
Kinetics & Kinesthetics (e.g., dancing, singing, foot-tapping — moving ): 
Corresponding Anatomical Structure: Letter = 
. (4 pts) 
Corresponding Functional Cortical Subsystem: Roman Numeral 
• (4 pts) 
IV. Music, Health & Medicine 
27. Put a "Y" next to health problems music might alleviate and an "N" next to those music 
would be unlikely to help. (4 pts) 
Pain and stress during, before, and after medical procedures 
Killing the bacterium (Streptoceauspyogenes) that causes "Strep throat" 
Initiation and guidance of movement in patients with Parkinson Disease and 
related Movement Disorders 
More rapid and complete recovery of the ability to speak after left hemisphere 
stroke by incorporating singing and other forms of Melodic Intonation 
Therapy into Speech Therapy 
EFTA00587869

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587870.pdf
----------------------------------------
(UCLA
`ARTS 
THE UCLA HERO AL•CPIT SCHOCil Of MUSIC 
MUSIC MIND & BRAIN 
MUSIC INDUSTRY 103 
SYLLABUS 
SPRING TERM, 2013-2014 ACADEMIC YEAR 
Professor: Mark Jude Tramo, MD PhD 
Location: Schoenberg Music Building, Room 1345 
Time: April 2 - June 4, 2013, Wednesdays 6:30 - 9:30 PM 
Course Website: 
http://www.registrar.ucla.edu/scheduleidetselect.aspx?tennsel=14S8csubarease1=MUS+IND&idxcrs=0103+ 
+++ 
UPPER DIVISION COURSES 
MUS IND 103. Music and Brain (4) 
Seminar, three hours/wk; outside study, nine hours/wk. 
This seminar takes an interdisciplinary approach to understanding brain mechanisms mediating music perception, 
performance, and cognition. Students' natural interest in music serves as springboard for learning basic concepts 
about how the brain works. The seminar focuses on specific themes such as harmony perception, rhythm 
perception and production, and creativity. The course is designed to help students understand methodologies 
currently used to investigate mind-brain correlates. Fundamental principles in neurophysiology, psychophysiology, 
and neuroanatomy that are relevant to basic research in cognitive neuroscience and auditory neuroscience are 
emphasized. After three foundational lectures by Professor Tramo, student study-groups present key papers from 
the literature as a team. There will be guest professors from neuroscience, music, and the music industry. Every 
week, there are written homework assignments that are based on the lectures. The final examination is take-home 
based on the homeworks and lectures. There is letter grading based on attendance/punctuality (20%), homework 
score (30%), final exam score (30%), presentation/participation (20%). 
STUDENTS 
Arts & Architecture 
Ethnomusicology 
Avinash Malaviya — Soph; Double Major = Life Sci - Neurosci; Instr = vocal/piano, 
Seminar = Functional Neuroanatomy of Pitch Perception 
Music 
Yoorian Shin — Sr; Minor = Music Industry; Perf = PianoNiolin; Public Policy 
Music History 
Anh Le — Sr, Biology, Minor = Music History; piano 
Kevin Nguyen — Jr, Chemistry/Biochemistry; Minor = Music History; Instr = piano, 
guitar Seminar = Absolute vs. Relative Pitch Perception: Psychoacoustics 
& Neuroanatomy 
EFTA00587870
--- PAGE 2 ---
Aria Fariborzi — Jr,; Microbiol/Molecular Biology; Minor = Music History; Instr = 
piano, violin; Seminar: Magnetoencephalographic (MEG) Studies of 
Rhythm Perception 
Letters & Sciences 
Humanities - Art History 
Juliana Ostro - Sr, piano; Seminar — Emotion, Brain & Music 
Humanities — Comparative Literature 
Stephanie Gorman — Sr, Art/Science Club, vocal/dance 
Humanities - Philosophy 
Keenan Park — Sr, piano, sax (Scribe) 
Humanities - Linguistics 
Kate Danker (Neurolinguistics) — Jr, vocals/percussion (Scribe); Seminar —
Functional Neuroananatomy of Pitch Perception in Old World Monkeys 
Life Sciences — Neuroscience 
Olivia Hitchcock — Jr, guitar; Seminar — Split-Brain Studies of Harmony 
Perception 
Clair (Lingxi) Xiong — Jr, violin 
Life Sciences - Psychology 
Omri Raccah — Jr, Cognitive Science, guitar; Seminar — A Neurocomputational 
Model of Harmony Perception 
Sierra Kaslow - Sr, Psychology, guitar 
Ruby Chang — Cognitive Science — Jr, flute, guitar, violin, perc 
Gazelle Moinzadeh — Jr, Psychology 
Michelle Do — Psychobiology, Soph, piano 
Life Sciences — Human Biol & Society 
Sameen Naqvi — Sr, Middle Eastern/NAfrican; piano, guitar; Seminar — 
Electroencephalographic Correlates of Positive vs. Negative Emotions Evoked by 
Music 
Lindsay Valenti — Sr, (piano); Seminar — Music, Health & Medicine 
Life Sciences — Microbiol Immunol & Molec Genetics 
Prisca Lu — Sr, piano; Seminar — Functional Neuroanatomy of Melody Perception 
Aria Fariborzi — Jr, piano, violin (Scribe) 
Life Sciences — Integrative Biology & Physiology 
Derek Podimatis - Jr, sax, piano, guitar, digital sound; Neural Coding of Pitch 
and Harmony 
Life Sciences — Ecology & Evolutionary Biology 
EFTA00587871
--- PAGE 3 ---
Anh Le — Biology, Sr, piano (Music Hx) (Scribe) (Rhythm Perception and 
Multimodal Integration in Infants) 
Life Sciences — Molecular Biology 
Caitlin Lopez, Jr, trumpet (Scribe); Seminar — Cognitive Psychology of Tonal 
Information Processing in Music 
Social Sciences — Anthropology 
Megan Aguiling, Sr 
Social Sciences — Communication 
Cheechee Lin, Fr, piano, perc; Seminar — Neural Coding of Pitch 
Business - Economics 
Hyun Kyu Park, Soph, guitar 
Natural Sciences 
Physics 
Rob Loughran — Jr, piano, guitar; Seminar — Neural Coding of Pitch 
Chemistry — Biochemistry 
Kevin Nguyen (Music Hx), Jr, piano, guitar 
EFTA00587872

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587873.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587873.pdf
----------------------------------------
(UCLA
`ARTS 
THE UCLA HERO AL•CPIT SCHOCil Of MUSIC 
MUSIC MIND & BRAIN 
MUSIC INDUSTRY 103 
SYLLABUS 
SPRING TERM, 2013-2014 ACADEMIC YEAR 
Professor: Mark Jude Tramo, MD PhD 
Location: Schoenberg Music Building, Room 1345 
Time: April 2 - June 4, 2013, Wednesdays 6:30 - 9:30 PM 
Course Website: 
http://www.registrar.ucla.edu/scheduleidetselect.aspx?tennsel=14S8csubarease1=MUS+IND&idxcrs=0103+ 
+++ 
UPPER DIVISION COURSES 
MUS IND 103. Music and Brain (4) 
Seminar, three hours/wk; outside study, nine hours/wk. 
This seminar takes an interdisciplinary approach to understanding brain mechanisms mediating music perception, 
performance, and cognition. Students' natural interest in music serves as springboard for learning basic concepts 
about how the brain works. The seminar focuses on specific themes such as harmony perception, rhythm 
perception and production, and creativity. The course is designed to help students understand methodologies 
currently used to investigate mind-brain correlates. Fundamental principles in neurophysiology, psychophysiology, 
and neuroanatomy that are relevant to basic research in cognitive neuroscience and auditory neuroscience are 
emphasized. After three foundational lectures by Professor Tramo, student study-groups present key papers from 
the literature as a team. There will be guest professors from neuroscience, music, and the music industry. Every 
week, there are written homework assignments that are based on the lectures. The final examination is take-home 
based on the homeworks and lectures. There is letter grading based on attendance/punctuality (20%), homework 
score (30%), final exam score (30%), presentation/participation (20%). 
STUDENTS 
Arts & Architecture 
Ethnomusicology 
Avinash Malaviya — Soph; Double Major = Life Sci - Neurosci; Instr = vocal/piano, 
Seminar = Functional Neuroanatomy of Pitch Perception 
Music 
Yoorian Shin — Sr; Minor = Music Industry; Perf = PianoNiolin; Public Policy 
Music History 
Anh Le — Sr, Biology, Minor = Music History; piano 
Kevin Nguyen — Jr, Chemistry/Biochemistry; Minor = Music History; Instr = piano, 
guitar Seminar = Absolute vs. Relative Pitch Perception: Psychoacoustics 
& Neuroanatomy 
EFTA00587873
--- PAGE 2 ---
Aria Fariborzi — Jr,; Microbiol/Molecular Biology; Minor = Music History; Instr = 
piano, violin; Seminar: Magnetoencephalographic (MEG) Studies of 
Rhythm Perception 
Letters & Sciences 
Humanities - Art History 
Juliana Ostro - Sr, piano; Seminar — Emotion, Brain & Music 
Humanities — Comparative Literature 
Stephanie Gorman — Sr, Art/Science Club, vocal/dance 
Humanities - Philosophy 
Keenan Park — Sr, piano, sax (Scribe) 
Humanities - Linguistics 
Kate Danker (Neurolinguistics) — Jr, vocals/percussion (Scribe); Seminar —
Functional Neuroananatomy of Pitch Perception in Old World Monkeys 
Life Sciences — Neuroscience 
Olivia Hitchcock — Jr, guitar; Seminar — Split-Brain Studies of Harmony 
Perception 
Clair (Lingxi) Xiong — Jr, violin 
Life Sciences - Psychology 
Omri Raccah — Jr, Cognitive Science, guitar; Seminar — A Neurocomputational 
Model of Harmony Perception 
Sierra Kaslow - Sr, Psychology, guitar 
Ruby Chang — Cognitive Science — Jr, flute, guitar, violin, perc 
Gazelle Moinzadeh — Jr, Psychology 
Michelle Do — Psychobiology, Soph, piano 
Life Sciences — Human Biol & Society 
Sameen Naqvi — Sr, Middle Eastern/NAfrican; piano, guitar; Seminar — 
Electroencephalographic Correlates of Positive vs. Negative Emotions Evoked by 
Music 
Lindsay Valenti — Sr, (piano); Seminar — Music, Health & Medicine 
Life Sciences — Microbiol Immunol & Molec Genetics 
Prisca Lu — Sr, piano; Seminar — Functional Neuroanatomy of Melody Perception 
Aria Fariborzi — Jr, piano, violin (Scribe) 
Life Sciences — Integrative Biology & Physiology 
Derek Podimatis - Jr, sax, piano, guitar, digital sound; Neural Coding of Pitch 
and Harmony 
Life Sciences — Ecology & Evolutionary Biology 
EFTA00587874
--- PAGE 3 ---
Anh Le — Biology, Sr, piano (Music Hx) (Scribe) (Rhythm Perception and 
Multimodal Integration in Infants) 
Life Sciences — Molecular Biology 
Caitlin Lopez, Jr, trumpet (Scribe); Seminar — Cognitive Psychology of Tonal 
Information Processing in Music 
Social Sciences — Anthropology 
Megan Aguiling, Sr 
Social Sciences — Communication 
Cheechee Lin, Fr, piano, perc; Seminar — Neural Coding of Pitch 
Business - Economics 
Hyun Kyu Park, Soph, guitar 
Natural Sciences 
Physics 
Rob Loughran — Jr, piano, guitar; Seminar — Neural Coding of Pitch 
Chemistry — Biochemistry 
Kevin Nguyen (Music Hx), Jr, piano, guitar 
EFTA00587875

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587876.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587876.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
Funding Agreement for economic advice between 1" of January 2014 to 31 December 2014 
between the National Bank of Kazakhstan 
and the International Peace Institute 
Economic advice provided by IPI and its advisors will focus on the following areas: 
i. 
Establishing and maintaining a suitable exchange rate regime in the face of likely 
financial instability and exchange rate fluctuation in Russia. 
ii. 
Efficiently deploying rapidly growing reserves to maximize financial and political 
advantages. This poses a particularly challenging problem in a world where returns on 
industrial country bonds are low and likely to remain low for a protracted period. 
iii. 
Maintaining a multi-vector approach to international economic policy in a world where 
Russian truculence is increasing, America may be turning inwards, and China is 
becoming increasingly assertive. 
iv. 
Assuring full participation in all aspects of the global economic system while maintaining 
involvement in the Eurasian Union. 
v. 
Remaining attractive as a target for foreign investment in the face of regional political 
instability. 
Request for Funding 
In this context, the International Peace Institute seeks support from the National Bank of 
Kazakhstan, in order to finance the consultation and advice for the focus areas mentioned above, 
in the amount of USD 400,000. 
IPI proposes the following provisions to this Agreement: 
Article I 
Disbursement 
The contribution shall be given upon the entry into force of this Agreement or as may be agreed 
between the National Bank of Kazakhstan and the International Peace Institute. 
For purposes of receiving donor contributions by wire, the International Peace Institute uses the 
following bank account: 
EFTA00587876
--- PAGE 2 ---
International Peace Institute 
Raiffeisenlandesbank NO-Wien AG 
Looshaus, Michaelerplatz 3 
1010 Vienna 
Austria 
IBAN: AT 163200000011234044 
BIC/SWIFT: RLNWATWW 
Article H 
Meetings and Participants 
The International Peace Institute shall facilitate on a yearly basis 
i. 
one meeting in Kazakhstan between representatives of the National Bank of 
Kazakhstan and the International Peace Institute's economic advisors 
ii. 
three additional meetings in Europe and the United States between representatives of 
the National Bank of Kazakhstan and International Peace Institute's economic advisors 
The National Bank of Kazakhstan may decide at their sole discretion who shall participate at the 
meetings from their side. President Terje-Rod Larson and two economic advisors will participate 
at the meetings from the International Peace Institute. 
Article III 
Limitations 
The extent of the economic advice within this contract is limited to the four aforementioned 
meetings. Any additional consulting service such as policy papers, additional advice on topics of 
interest would require a new contract and remuneration agreement. 
Article IV 
Management of the Contribution and Procurements 
The use of the contribution from the National Bank of Kazakhstan and the management of funds 
shall comply with professionally accepted bookkeeping rules and practices. The International 
Peace Institute shall ensure that no illegal or corrupt practices relate to the use of the 
contribution. All procurements shall be made in accordance with generally accepted principles 
and good procurement practices. 
This Agreement is drawn in duplicate with one copy for the International Peace Institute and one 
for the Government of the Republic of Kazakhstan. 
EFTA00587877
--- PAGE 3 ---
« 
o June 2014 
« 
» June 2014 
National Bank of the Republic of 
For the International Peace 
Kazakhstan 
Institute 
National Bank of the Republic of 
The International Peace Institute, 
Kazakhstan 
Vienna 
EFTA00587878

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587879.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587879.pdf
----------------------------------------
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD. 
9100 Port of Sale Mall, Suite 15 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
November 24, 2015 
BV70 LLC 
445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401 
New York, NY 10022 
Re: 
Charitable Contribution 
Dear Sirs: 
Thank you for your charitable contribution on October 14, 2015 in the amount of 
$10,000,000 to Gratitude America, Ltd. 
Gratitude America, Ltd. is a 501(c)(3) 
nonprofit organization. A copy of the tax-exempt status recognition letter issued by 
the Internal Revenue Service on September 27, 2012 is enclosed for your records. 
Your contribution will be tax-deductible to the extent allowed by law. No goods or 
services were provided in exchange for your generous contribution. Gratitude 
America, Ltd. is sincerely grateful for your support of its charitable activities. 
Sincerely, 
Darren K Indyke 
Secretary 
Attachment 
EFTA00587879

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587880.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587880.pdf
----------------------------------------
October, 2011 
Article 1. 
Article 2. 
Article 3. 
Article 4. 
Foreign Policy 
America's Pacific Century 
Hillary Clinton 
The Financial Times 
Don't be blind to Erdogan's flaws 
Gideon Rachman 
Today's Zaman 
The roots of Israel's right-wing rage 
Tuncay Karda§ & Ali Balci 
Project Syndicate 
Failing the Syria Test 
Javier Solana 
EFTA00587880
--- PAGE 2 ---
Foreign Policy 
America's Pacific Century 
Hillary Clinton 
The future of politics will be decided in Asia, not Afghanistan or 
Iraq, and the United States will be right at the center of the action. 
NOVEMBER 2011 -- As the war in Iraq winds down and America 
begins to withdraw its forces from Afghanistan, the United States 
stands at a pivot point. Over the last 10 years, we have allocated 
immense resources to those two theaters. In the next 10 years, we 
need to be smart and systematic about where we invest time and 
energy, so that we put ourselves in the best position to sustain our 
leadership, secure our interests, and advance our values. One of the 
most important tasks of American statecraft over the next decade will 
therefore be to lock in a substantially increased investment --
diplomatic, economic, strategic, and otherwise -- in the Asia-Pacific 
region. The Asia-Pacific has become a key driver of global politics. 
Stretching from the Indian subcontinent to the western shores of the 
Americas, the region spans two oceans -- the Pacific and the Indian --
that are increasingly linked by shipping and strategy. It boasts almost 
half the world's population. It includes many of the key engines of the 
global economy, as well as the largest emitters of greenhouse gases. 
It is home to several of our key allies and important emerging powers 
like China, India, and Indonesia. At a time when the region is 
building a more mature security and economic architecture to 
promote stability and prosperity, U.S. commitment there is essential. 
It will help build that architecture and pay dividends for continued 
American leadership well into this century, just as our post-World 
War II commitment to building a comprehensive and lasting 
EFTA00587881
--- PAGE 3 ---
transatlantic network of institutions and relationships has paid off 
many times over -- and continues to do so. The time has come for the 
United States to make similar investments as a Pacific power, a 
strategic course set by President Barack Obama from the outset of his 
administration and one that is already yielding benefits. 
With Iraq and Afghanistan still in transition and serious economic 
challenges in our own country, there are those on the American 
political scene who are calling for us not to reposition, but to come 
home. They seek a downsizing of our foreign engagement in favor of 
our pressing domestic priorities. These impulses are understandable, 
but they are misguided. Those who say that we can no longer afford 
to engage with the world have it exactly backward -- we cannot 
afford not to. From opening new markets for American businesses to 
curbing nuclear proliferation to keeping the sea lanes free for 
commerce and navigation, our work abroad holds the key to our 
prosperity and security at home. For more than six decades, the 
United States has resisted the gravitational pull of these "come home" 
debates and the implicit zero-sum logic of these arguments. We must 
do so again. Beyond our borders, people are also wondering about 
America's intentions -- our willingness to remain engaged and to 
lead. In Asia, they ask whether we are really there to stay, whether 
we are likely to be distracted again by events elsewhere, whether we 
can make -- and keep -- credible economic and strategic 
commitments, and whether we can back those commitments with 
action. The answer is: We can, and we will. 
Harnessing Asia's growth and dynamism is central to American 
economic and strategic interests and a key priority for President 
Obama. Open markets in Asia provide the United States with 
unprecedented opportunities for investment, trade, and access to 
cutting-edge technology. Our economic recovery at home will 
depend on exports and the ability of American firms to tap into the 
EFTA00587882
--- PAGE 4 ---
vast and growing consumer base of Asia. Strategically, maintaining 
peace and security across the Asia-Pacific is increasingly crucial to 
global progress, whether through defending freedom of navigation in 
the South China Sea, countering the proliferation efforts of North 
Korea, or ensuring transparency in the military activities of the 
region's key players. Just as Asia is critical to America's future, an 
engaged America is vital to Asia's future. The region is eager for our 
leadership and our business -- perhaps more so than at any time in 
modern history. We are the only power with a network of strong 
alliances in the region, no territorial ambitions, and a long record of 
providing for the common good. Along with our allies, we have 
underwritten regional security for decades -- patrolling Asia's sea 
lanes and preserving stability -- and that in turn has helped create the 
conditions for growth. We have helped integrate billions of people 
across the region into the global economy by spurring economic 
productivity, social empowerment, and greater people-to-people 
links. We are a major trade and investment partner, a source of 
innovation that benefits workers and businesses on both sides of the 
Pacific, a host to 350,000 Asian students every year, a champion of 
open markets, and an advocate for universal human rights. 
President Obama has led a multifaceted and persistent effort to 
embrace fully our irreplaceable role in the Pacific, spanning the entire 
U.S. government. It has often been a quiet effort. A lot of our work 
has not been on the front pages, both because of its nature -- long-
term investment is less exciting than immediate crises -- and because 
of competing headlines in other parts of the world. 
As secretary of state, I broke with tradition and embarked on my first 
official overseas trip to Asia. In my seven trips since, I have had the 
privilege to see firsthand the rapid transformations taking place in the 
region, underscoring how much the future of the United States is 
intimately intertwined with the future of the Asia-Pacific. A strategic 
EFTA00587883
--- PAGE 5 ---
turn to the region fits logically into our overall global effort to secure 
and sustain America's global leadership. The success of this turn 
requires maintaining and advancing a bipartisan consensus on the 
importance of the Asia-Pacific to our national interests; we seek to 
build upon a strong tradition of engagement by presidents and 
secretaries of state of both parties across many decades. It also 
requires smart execution of a coherent regional strategy that accounts 
for the global implications of our choices. 
WHAT DOES THAT regional strategy look like? For starters, it calls 
for a sustained commitment to what I have called "forward-deployed" 
diplomacy. That means continuing to dispatch the full range of our 
diplomatic assets -- including our highest-ranking officials, our 
development experts, our interagency teams, and our permanent 
assets -- to every country and corner of the Asia-Pacific region. Our 
strategy will have to keep accounting for and adapting to the rapid 
and dramatic shifts playing out across Asia. With this in mind, our 
work will proceed along six key lines of action: strengthening 
bilateral security alliances; deepening our working relationships with 
emerging powers, including with China; engaging with regional 
multilateral institutions; expanding trade and investment; forging a 
broad-based military presence; and advancing democracy and human 
rights. By virtue of our unique geography, the United States is both 
an Atlantic and a Pacific power. We are proud of our European 
partnerships and all that they deliver. Our challenge now is to build a 
web of partnerships and institutions across the Pacific that is as 
durable and as consistent with American interests and values as the 
web we have built across the Atlantic. That is the touchstone of our 
efforts in all these areas. Our treaty alliances with Japan, South 
Korea, Australia, the Philippines, and Thailand are the fulcrum for 
our strategic turn to the Asia-Pacific. They have underwritten 
regional peace and security for more than half a century, shaping the 
EFTA00587884
--- PAGE 6 ---
environment for the region's remarkable economic ascent. They 
leverage our regional presence and enhance our regional leadership at 
a time of evolving security challenges. 
As successful as these alliances have been, we can't afford simply to 
sustain them -- we need to update them for a changing world. In this 
effort, the Obama administration is guided by three core principles. 
First, we have to maintain political consensus on the core objectives 
of our alliances. Second, we have to ensure that our alliances are 
nimble and adaptive so that they can successfully address new 
challenges and seize new opportunities. Third, we have to guarantee 
that the defense capabilities and communications infrastructure of our 
alliances are operationally and materially capable of deterring 
provocation from the full spectrum of state and nonstate actors. 
The alliance with Japan, the cornerstone of peace and stability in the 
region, demonstrates how the Obama administration is giving these 
principles life. We share a common vision of a stable regional order 
with clear rules of the road -- from freedom of navigation to open 
markets and fair competition. We have agreed to a new arrangement, 
including a contribution from the Japanese government of more than 
$5 billion, to ensure the continued enduring presence of American 
forces in Japan, while expanding joint intelligence, surveillance, and 
reconnaissance activities to deter and react quickly to regional 
security challenges, as well as information sharing to address 
cyberthreats. We have concluded an Open Skies agreement that will 
enhance access for businesses and people-to-people ties, launched a 
strategic dialogue on the Asia-Pacific, and been working hand in 
hand as the two largest donor countries in Afghanistan. 
Similarly, our alliance with South Korea has become stronger and 
more operationally integrated, and we continue to develop our 
combined capabilities to deter and respond to North Korean 
provocations. We have agreed on a plan to ensure successful 
EFTA00587885
--- PAGE 7 ---
transition of operational control during wartime and anticipate 
successful passage of the Korea-U.S. Free Trade Agreement. And our 
alliance has gone global, through our work together in the G-20 and 
the Nuclear Security Summit and through our common efforts in 
Haiti and Afghanistan. We are also expanding our alliance with 
Australia from a Pacific partnership to an Indo-Pacific one, and 
indeed a global partnership. From cybersecurity to Afghanistan to the 
Arab Awakening to strengthening regional architecture in the Asia-
Pacific, Australia's counsel and commitment have been 
indispensable. And in Southeast Asia, we are renewing and 
strengthening our alliances with the Philippines and Thailand, 
increasing, for example, the number of ship visits to the Philippines 
and working to ensure the successful training of Filipino 
counterterrorism forces through our Joint Special Operations Task 
Force in Mindanao. In Thailand -- our oldest treaty partner in Asia --
we are working to establish a hub of regional humanitarian and 
disaster relief efforts in the region. 
AS WE UPDATE our alliances for new demands, we are also 
building new partnerships to help solve shared problems. Our 
outreach to China, India, Indonesia, Singapore, New Zealand, 
Malaysia, Mongolia, Vietnam, Brunei, and the Pacific Island 
countries is all part of a broader effort to ensure a more 
comprehensive approach to American strategy and engagement in the 
region. We are asking these emerging partners to join us in shaping 
and participating in a rules-based regional and global order. 
One of the most prominent of these emerging partners is, of course, 
China. Like so many other countries before it, China has prospered as 
part of the open and rules-based system that the United States helped 
to build and works to sustain. And today, China represents one of the 
most challenging and consequential bilateral relationships the United 
States has ever had to manage. This calls for careful, steady, dynamic 
EFTA00587886
--- PAGE 8 ---
stewardship, an approach to China on our part that is grounded in 
reality, focused on results, and true to our principles and interests. 
We all know that fears and misperceptions linger on both sides of the 
Pacific. Some in our country see China's progress as a threat to the 
United States; some in China worry that America seeks to constrain 
China's growth. We reject both those views. The fact is that a thriving 
America is good for China and a thriving China is good for America. 
We both have much more to gain from cooperation than from 
conflict. But you cannot build a relationship on aspirations alone. It is 
up to both of us to more consistently translate positive words into 
effective cooperation -- and, crucially, to meet our respective global 
responsibilities and obligations. These are the things that will 
determine whether our relationship delivers on its potential in the 
years to come. We also have to be honest about our differences. We 
will address them firmly and decisively as we pursue the urgent work 
we have to do together. And we have to avoid unrealistic 
expectations. Over the last two-and-a-half years, one of my top 
priorities has been to identify and expand areas of common interest, 
to work with China to build mutual trust, and to encourage China's 
active efforts in global problem-solving. This is why Treasury 
Secretary Timothy Geithner and I launched the Strategic and 
Economic Dialogue, the most intensive and expansive talks ever 
between our governments, bringing together dozens of agencies from 
both sides to discuss our most pressing bilateral issues, from security 
to energy to human rights. We are also working to increase 
transparency and reduce the risk of miscalculation or miscues 
between our militaries. The United States and the international 
community have watched China's efforts to modernize and expand its 
military, and we have sought clarity as to its intentions. Both sides 
would benefit from sustained and substantive military-to-military 
engagement that increases transparency. So we look to Beijing to 
EFTA00587887
--- PAGE 9 ---
overcome its reluctance at times and join us in forging a durable 
military-to-military dialogue. And we need to work together to 
strengthen the Strategic Security Dialogue, which brings together 
military and civilian leaders to discuss sensitive issues like maritime 
security and cybersecurity. As we build trust together, we are 
committed to working with China to address critical regional and 
global security issues. This is why I have met so frequently -- often in 
informal settings -- with my Chinese counterparts, State Councilor 
Dai Bingguo and Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi, for candid 
discussions about important challenges like North Korea, 
Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iran, and developments in the South China 
Sea. On the economic front, the United States and China need to 
work together to ensure strong, sustained, and balanced future global 
growth. In the aftermath of the global financial crisis, the United 
States and China worked effectively through the G-20 to help pull the 
global economy back from the brink. We have to build on that 
cooperation. U.S. firms want fair opportunities to export to China's 
growing markets, which can be important sources of jobs here in the 
United States, as well as assurances that the $50 billion of American 
capital invested in China will create a strong foundation for new 
market and investment opportunities that will support global 
competitiveness. At the same time, Chinese firms want to be able to 
buy more high-tech products from the United States, make more 
investments here, and be accorded the same terms of access that 
market economies enjoy. We can work together on these objectives, 
but China still needs to take important steps toward reform. In 
particular, we are working with China to end unfair discrimination 
against U.S. and other foreign companies or against their innovative 
technologies, remove preferences for domestic firms, and end 
measures that disadvantage or appropriate foreign intellectual 
property. And we look to China to take steps to allow its currency to 
EFTA00587888
--- PAGE 10 ---
appreciate more rapidly, both against the dollar and against the 
currencies of its other major trading partners. Such reforms, we 
believe, would not only benefit both our countries (indeed, they 
would support the goals of China's own five-year plan, which calls 
for more domestic-led growth), but also contribute to global 
economic balance, predictability, and broader prosperity. 
Of course, we have made very clear, publicly and privately, our 
serious concerns about human rights. And when we see reports of 
public-interest lawyers, writers, artists, and others who are detained 
or disappeared, the United States speaks up, both publicly and 
privately, with our concerns about human rights. We make the case to 
our Chinese colleagues that a deep respect for international law and a 
more open political system would provide China with a foundation 
for far greater stability and growth -- and increase the confidence of 
China's partners. Without them, China is placing unnecessary 
limitations on its own development. At the end of the day, there is no 
handbook for the evolving U.S.-China relationship. But the stakes are 
much too high for us to fail. As we proceed, we will continue to 
embed our relationship with China in a broader regional framework 
of security alliances, economic networks, and social connections. 
Among key emerging powers with which we will work closely are 
India and Indonesia, two of the most dynamic and significant 
democratic powers of Asia, and both countries with which the Obama 
administration has pursued broader, deeper, and more purposeful 
relationships. The stretch of sea from the Indian Ocean through the 
Strait of Malacca to the Pacific contains the world's most vibrant 
trade and energy routes. Together, India and Indonesia already 
account for almost a quarter of the world's population. They are key 
drivers of the global economy, important partners for the United 
States, and increasingly central contributors to peace and security in 
the region. And their importance is likely to grow in the years ahead. 
EFTA00587889
--- PAGE 11 ---
President Obama told the Indian parliament last year that the 
relationship between India and America will be one of the defining 
partnerships of the 21st century, rooted in common values and 
interests. There are still obstacles to overcome and questions to 
answer on both sides, but the United States is making a strategic bet 
on India's future -- that India's greater role on the world stage will 
enhance peace and security, that opening India's markets to the world 
will pave the way to greater regional and global prosperity, that 
Indian advances in science and technology will improve lives and 
advance human knowledge everywhere, and that India's vibrant, 
pluralistic democracy will produce measurable results and 
improvements for its citizens and inspire others to follow a similar 
path of openness and tolerance. So the Obama administration has 
expanded our bilateral partnership; actively supported India's Look 
East efforts, including through a new trilateral dialogue with India 
and Japan; and outlined a new vision for a more economically 
integrated and politically stable South and Central Asia, with India as 
a linchpin. We are also forging a new partnership with Indonesia, the 
world's third-largest democracy, the world's most populous Muslim 
nation, and a member of the G-20. We have resumed joint training of 
Indonesian special forces units and signed a number of agreements on 
health, educational exchanges, science and technology, and defense. 
And this year, at the invitation of the Indonesian government, 
President Obama will inaugurate American participation in the East 
Asia Summit. But there is still some distance to travel -- we have to 
work together to overcome bureaucratic impediments, lingering 
historical suspicions, and some gaps in understanding each other's 
perspectives and interests. 
EVEN AS WE strengthen these bilateral relationships, we have 
emphasized the importance of multilateral cooperation, for we 
believe that addressing complex transnational challenges of the sort 
EFTA00587890
--- PAGE 12 ---
now faced by Asia requires a set of institutions capable of mustering 
collective action. And a more robust and coherent regional 
architecture in Asia would reinforce the system of rules and 
responsibilities, from protecting intellectual property to ensuring 
freedom of navigation, that form the basis of an effective 
international order. In multilateral settings, responsible behavior is 
rewarded with legitimacy and respect, and we can work together to 
hold accountable those who undermine peace, stability, and 
prosperity. So the United States has moved to fully engage the 
region's multilateral institutions, such as the Association of Southeast 
Asian Nations (ASEAN) and the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation 
(APEC) forum, mindful that our work with regional institutions 
supplements and does not supplant our bilateral ties. There is a 
demand from the region that America play an active role in the 
agenda-setting of these institutions -- and it is in our interests as well 
that they be effective and responsive. That is why President Obama 
will participate in the East Asia Summit for the first time in 
November. To pave the way, the United States has opened a new 
U.S. Mission to ASEAN in Jakarta and signed the Treaty of Amity 
and Cooperation with ASEAN. Our focus on developing a more 
results-oriented agenda has been instrumental in efforts to address 
disputes in the South China Sea. In 2010, at the ASEAN Regional 
Forum in Hanoi, the United States helped shape a regionwide effort 
to protect unfettered access to and passage through the South China 
Sea, and to uphold the key international rules for defining territorial 
claims in the South China Sea's waters. Given that half the world's 
merchant tonnage flows through this body of water, this was a 
consequential undertaking. And over the past year, we have made 
strides in protecting our vital interests in stability and freedom of 
navigation and have paved the way for sustained multilateral 
diplomacy among the many parties with claims in the South China 
EFTA00587891
--- PAGE 13 ---
Sea, seeking to ensure disputes are settled peacefully and in 
accordance with established principles of international law. 
We have also worked to strengthen APEC as a serious leaders-level 
institution focused on advancing economic integration and trade 
linkages across the Pacific. After last year's bold call by the group for 
a free trade area of the Asia-Pacific, President Obama will host the 
2011 APEC Leaders' Meeting in Hawaii this November. We are 
committed to cementing APEC as the Asia-Pacific's premier regional 
economic institution, setting the economic agenda in a way that 
brings together advanced and emerging economies to promote open 
trade and investment, as well as to build capacity and enhance 
regulatory regimes. APEC and its work help expand U.S. exports and 
create and support high-quality jobs in the United States, while 
fostering growth throughout the region. APEC also provides a key 
vehicle to drive a broad agenda to unlock the economic growth 
potential that women represent. In this regard, the United States is 
committed to working with our partners on ambitious steps to 
accelerate the arrival of the Participation Age, where every 
individual, regardless of gender or other characteristics, is a 
contributing and valued member of the global marketplace. 
In addition to our commitment to these broader multilateral 
institutions, we have worked hard to create and launch a number of 
"minilateral" meetings, small groupings of interested states to tackle 
specific challenges, such as the Lower Mekong Initiative we 
launched to support education, health, and environmental programs in 
Cambodia, Laos, Thailand, and Vietnam, and the Pacific Islands 
Forum, where we are working to support its members as they 
confront challenges from climate change to overfishing to freedom of 
navigation. We are also starting to pursue new trilateral opportunities 
with countries as diverse as Mongolia, Indonesia, Japan, Kazakhstan, 
and South Korea. And we are setting our sights as well on enhancing 
EFTA00587892
--- PAGE 14 ---
coordination and engagement among the three giants of the Asia-
Pacific: China, India, and the United States. 
In all these different ways, we are seeking to shape and participate in 
a responsive, flexible, and effective regional architecture -- and 
ensure it connects to a broader global architecture that not only 
protects international stability and commerce but also advances our 
values. 
OUR EMPHASIS ON the economic work of APEC is in keeping 
with our broader commitment to elevate economic statecraft as a 
pillar of American foreign policy. Increasingly, economic progress 
depends on strong diplomatic ties, and diplomatic progress depends 
on strong economic ties. And naturally, a focus on promoting 
American prosperity means a greater focus on trade and economic 
openness in the Asia-Pacific. The region already generates more than 
half of global output and nearly half of global trade. As we strive to 
meet President Obama's goal of doubling exports by 2015, we are 
looking for opportunities to do even more business in Asia. Last year, 
American exports to the Pacific Rim totaled $320 billion, supporting 
850,000 American jobs. So there is much that favors us as we think 
through this repositioning. 
When I talk to my Asian counterparts, one theme consistently stands 
out: They still want America to be an engaged and creative partner in 
the region's flourishing trade and financial interactions. And as I talk 
with business leaders across our own nation, I hear how important it 
is for the United States to expand our exports and our investment 
opportunities in Asia's dynamic markets. 
Last March in APEC meetings in Washington, and again in Hong 
Kong in July, I laid out four attributes that I believe characterize 
healthy economic competition: open, free, transparent, and fair. 
Through our engagement in the Asia-Pacific, we are helping to give 
shape to these principles and showing the world their value. 
EFTA00587893
--- PAGE 15 ---
We are pursuing new cutting-edge trade deals that raise the standards 
for fair competition even as they open new markets. For instance, the 
Korea-U.S. Free Trade Agreement will eliminate tariffs on 95 percent 
of U.S. consumer and industrial exports within five years and support 
an estimated 70,000 American jobs. Its tariff reductions alone could 
increase exports of American goods by more than $10 billion and 
help South Korea's economy grow by 6 percent. It will level the 
playing field for U.S. auto companies and workers. So, whether you 
are an American manufacturer of machinery or a South Korean 
chemicals exporter, this deal lowers the barriers that keep you from 
reaching new customers. 
We are also making progress on the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), 
which will bring together economies from across the Pacific --
developed and developing alike -- into a single trading community. 
Our goal is to create not just more growth, but better growth. We 
believe trade agreements need to include strong protections for 
workers, the environment, intellectual property, and innovation. They 
should also promote the free flow of information technology and the 
spread of green technology, as well as the coherence of our 
regulatory system and the efficiency of supply chains. Ultimately, our 
progress will be measured by the quality of people's lives -- whether 
men and women can work in dignity, earn a decent wage, raise 
healthy families, educate their children, and take hold of the 
opportunities to improve their own and the next generation's fortunes. 
Our hope is that a TPP agreement with high standards can serve as a 
benchmark for future agreements -- and grow to serve as a platform 
for broader regional interaction and eventually a free trade area of the 
Asia-Pacific. Achieving balance in our trade relationships requires a 
two-way commitment. That's the nature of balance -- it can't be 
unilaterally imposed. So we are working through APEC, the G-20, 
and our bilateral relationships to advocate for more open markets, 
EFTA00587894
--- PAGE 16 ---
fewer restrictions on exports, more transparency, and an overall 
commitment to fairness. American businesses and workers need to 
have confidence that they are operating on a level playing field, with 
predictable rules on everything from intellectual property to 
indigenous innovation. 
ASIA'S REMARKABLE ECONOMIC growth over the past decade 
and its potential for continued growth in the future depend on the 
security and stability that has long been guaranteed by the U.S. 
military, including more than 50,000 American servicemen and 
servicewomen serving in Japan and South Korea. The challenges of 
today's rapidly changing region -- from territorial and maritime 
disputes to new threats to freedom of navigation to the heightened 
impact of natural disasters -- require that the United States pursue a 
more geographically distributed, operationally resilient, and 
politically sustainable force posture. 
We are modernizing our basing arrangements with traditional allies 
in Northeast Asia -- and our commitment on this is rock solid -- while 
enhancing our presence in Southeast Asia and into the Indian Ocean. 
For example, the United States will be deploying littoral combat 
ships to Singapore, and we are examining other ways to increase 
opportunities for our two militaries to train and operate together. And 
the United States and Australia agreed this year to explore a greater 
American military presence in Australia to enhance opportunities for 
more joint training and exercises. We are also looking at how we can 
increase our operational access in Southeast Asia and the Indian 
Ocean region and deepen our contacts with allies and partners. 
How we translate the growing connection between the Indian and 
Pacific oceans into an operational concept is a question that we need 
to answer if we are to adapt to new challenges in the region. Against 
this backdrop, a more broadly distributed military presence across the 
region will provide vital advantages. The United States will be better 
EFTA00587895
--- PAGE 17 ---
positioned to support humanitarian missions; equally important, 
working with more allies and partners will provide a more robust 
bulwark against threats or efforts to undermine regional peace and 
stability. 
But even more than our military might or the size of our economy, 
our most potent asset as a nation is the power of our values -- in 
particular, our steadfast support for democracy and human rights. 
This speaks to our deepest national character and is at the heart of our 
foreign policy, including our strategic turn to the Asia-Pacific region. 
As we deepen our engagement with partners with whom we disagree 
on these issues, we will continue to urge them to embrace reforms 
that would improve governance, protect human rights, and advance 
political freedoms. We have made it clear, for example, to Vietnam 
that our ambition to develop a strategic partnership requires that it 
take steps to further protect human rights and advance political 
freedoms. Or consider Burma, where we are determined to seek 
accountability for human rights violations. We are closely following 
developments in Nay Pyi Taw and the increasing interactions 
between Aung San Suu Kyi and the government leadership. We have 
underscored to the government that it must release political prisoners, 
advance political freedoms and human rights, and break from the 
policies of the past. As for North Korea, the regime in Pyongyang has 
shown persistent disregard for the rights of its people, and we 
continue to speak out forcefully against the threats it poses to the 
region and beyond. We cannot and do not aspire to impose our 
system on other countries, but we do believe that certain values are 
universal -- that people in every nation in the world, including in 
Asia, cherish them -- and that they are intrinsic to stable, peaceful, 
and prosperous countries. Ultimately, it is up to the people of Asia to 
pursue their own rights and aspirations, just as we have seen people 
do all over the world. 
EFTA00587896
--- PAGE 18 ---
IN THE LAST decade, our foreign policy has transitioned from 
dealing with the post-Cold War peace dividend to demanding 
commitments in Iraq and Afghanistan. As those wars wind down, we 
will need to accelerate efforts to pivot to new global realities. 
We know that these new realities require us to innovate, to compete, 
and to lead in new ways. Rather than pull back from the world, we 
need to press forward and renew our leadership. In a time of scarce 
resources, there's no question that we need to invest them wisely 
where they will yield the biggest returns, which is why the Asia-
Pacific represents such a real 21st-century opportunity for us. 
Other regions remain vitally important, of course. Europe, home to 
most of our traditional allies, is still a partner of first resort, working 
alongside the United States on nearly every urgent global challenge, 
and we are investing in updating the structures of our alliance. The 
people of the Middle East and North Africa are charting a new path 
that is already having profound global consequences, and the United 
States is committed to active and sustained partnerships as the region 
transforms. Africa holds enormous untapped potential for economic 
and political development in the years ahead. And our neighbors in 
the Western Hemisphere are not just our biggest export partners; they 
are also playing a growing role in global political and economic 
affairs. Each of these regions demands American engagement and 
leadership. And we are prepared to lead. Now, . 
well aware that 
there are those who question our staying power around the world. 
We've heard this talk before. At the end of the Vietnam War, there 
was a thriving industry of global commentators promoting the idea 
that America was in retreat, and it is a theme that repeats itself every 
few decades. But whenever the United States has experienced 
setbacks, we've overcome them through reinvention and innovation. 
Our capacity to come back stronger is unmatched in modern history. 
It flows from our model of free democracy and free enterprise, a 
EFTA00587897
--- PAGE 19 ---
model that remains the most powerful source of prosperity and 
progress known to humankind. I hear everywhere I go that the world 
still looks to the United States for leadership. Our military is by far 
the strongest, and our economy is by far the largest in the world. Our 
workers are the most productive. Our universities are renowned the 
world over. So there should be no doubt that America has the 
capacity to secure and sustain our global leadership in this century as 
we did in the last. 
As we move forward to set the stage for engagement in the Asia-
Pacific over the next 60 years, we are mindful of the bipartisan 
legacy that has shaped our engagement for the past 60. And we are 
focused on the steps we have to take at home -- increasing our 
savings, reforming our financial systems, relying less on borrowing, 
overcoming partisan division -- to secure and sustain our leadership 
abroad. 
This kind of pivot is not easy, but we have paved the way for it over 
the past two-and-a-half years, and we are committed to seeing it 
through as among the most important diplomatic efforts of our time. 
Hillary Clinton is U.S. secretary of state. 
EFTA00587898
--- PAGE 20 ---
Anicic 2. 
The Financial Times 
Don't be blind to Erdogan's flaws 
Gideon Rachman 
October 10, 2011 -- Recep Tayyip Erdogan's admirers stretch from 
the Arab street to the western salon. In the Middle East, the Turkish 
prime minister is regarded as a courageous champion of the 
Palestinians. Many western intellectuals also admire Mr Erdogan, 
believing he has made Turkey a model for an Arab world in turmoil. 
At home Mr Erdogan has won three successive elections, presided 
over an economic boom and enacted important social reforms — in 
particular the expansion of healthcare to cover the whole population. 
Internationally he has changed a Turkish foreign policy that was 
over-focused on the west — and turned his country into a major player 
in the wider region. Modern Turkey excites interest and admiration 
because it seems to show it is possible to combine Muslim piety with 
modernity, prosperity and democracy. The trouble is that all these 
dazzling achievements risk blinding Mr Erdogan's admirers to their 
hero's flaws — flaws that are becoming more pronounced as his 
second decade in power approaches. 
The prime minister is becoming more autocratic at home and more 
reckless overseas. Taken too far, these flaws could endanger Turkey's 
democracy and its security. 
In important respects Mr Erdogan's record so far has strengthened 
Turkish democracy. He has expanded minority rights, particularly for 
the Kurds. Turkey also used to be prone to regular military coups, but 
that danger has receded. The Erdogan government has arrested senior 
generals for their alleged involvement in a coup plot and the military 
seems now to be sullenly compliant with the country's elected 
government. 
EFTA00587899
--- PAGE 21 ---
However the backlash against the alleged coup plot has become so 
widespread that it has swept up many people who are probably 
innocent of any wrongdoing — but who now languish in jail, awaiting 
trial or in, some cases, charges. It is not just military people who have 
been arrested. According to the International Press Institute, there are 
now considerably more journalists in prison in Turkey than in China. 
In Istanbul recently I watched a rally by journalists who were 
supporting their imprisoned colleagues. This is not something that 
would be tolerated in Beijing. But there is no doubt, talking to 
Turkish journalists, that they are now operating in a climate of fear. 
The autocratic side of the Erdogan era may become more 
pronounced. The prime minister has said he will step down after his 
third term in office. But he seems intent on moving on to the 
presidency — and on amending Turkey's constitution to endow the 
presidency with more extensive powers. If he succeeds, Mr Erdogan 
would be looking at almost 20 years in power — casting him as 
Turkey's answer to Vladimir Putin. 
Mr Erdogan's fans in the west are inclined to overlook much of this 
because they see Turkey as a model for the Islamic world. One 
western diplomat says: "Turkey under Erdogan can be very difficult 
to deal with, but if you told me there was a chance that Egypt would 
end up looking like Turkey • 
accept it in a heartbeat." 
But Turkey's regional role is not all positive. As he becomes more 
confident, Mr Erdogan is also becoming more willing to court 
confrontation. (That was mirrored recently by his bodyguards, when 
they beat up members of the UN security staff in New York.) If 
things go badly wrong, Turkey could find itself facing conflict on 
three fronts before the end of the year — with Cyprus, with Israel and 
with the PICK insurgency based in Iraq. 
Mr Erdogan has threatened to use the Turkish fleet to escort "aid 
flotillas" to break Israel's blockade of Gaza — and to disrupt Cyprus's 
EFTA00587900
--- PAGE 22 ---
efforts at gas exploration. Turkish bombers have been pounding PICK 
bases in Iraq and a land incursion is a distinct possibility. 
Mr Erdogan's recent tour of the Middle East summed up the 
ambiguity of what he represents. In Cairo he held up Turkey's secular 
model as a potential model for Egypt — suggesting that Turkey could 
indeed show the Middle East how to separate mosque and state. In a 
speech in Libya, however, the Turkish leader played to the most 
conspiratorial instincts of the Arab street, hailing the Libyan 
revolution but suggesting that Britain and France had intervened 
militarily for commercial reasons. It was a piece of dazzling 
hypocrisy, given that Mr Erdogan had accepted a human rights prize 
from Muammer Gaddafi less than a year ago — and initially opposed 
Nato intervention in Libya, partly to protect Turkish commercial 
interests. 
It is still entirely possible that Mr Erdogan will leave a very positive 
legacy. If things work out well he could be Turkey's equivalent of 
Luis Inacio Lula da Silva, the much lauded former president of 
Brazil. The biographies of the two men are strikingly similar. 
Both emerged from humble origins, served spells in prison and 
became the political voice of groups that had traditionally been shut 
out from power. Both men are associated with economic booms and 
with the emergence of their nations as models for the wider region —
and increasingly as global players. 
But there are also important differences. Mr Lula da Silva pursued a 
foreign policy that sought always to reassure Brazil's neighbours. 
After less than a decade in power, the Brazilian leader stepped aside —
resisting the temptation to amend the constitution to prolong his stay 
in office. Like Nelson Mandela, he knew when to go. Unfortunately 
there is little indication that Mr Erdogan has the same self-restraint or 
humility. 
EFTA00587901
--- PAGE 23 ---
AnICIC 3. 
Today's Zaman 
The roots of Israel's right-wing rage 
Tuncay Karda§ & Ali Balci 
October 2011 -- More than two decades ago, Bernard Lewis 
explored the topic of "Why so many Muslims deeply resent the West 
and why their bitterness won't be easily mollified," in a paper of that 
title. Echoing 
question but diverging from his Orientalist 
answer, we shall ask and try to explain another pressing question: 
Why do right-wing Israelis, like Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 
and Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman, "deeply resent" the reign 
of the so-called "Islamist" Justice and Development Party (AK Party) 
in Turkey, and why won't their "bitterness be easily mollified"? 
But first, a related observation: In a recently televised UEFA football 
match between Turkey's Be§ikta§ and Israel's Maccabi Tel-Aviv, 
Turkish TV sports presenter Ertem Sener (of the secular Star TV) 
made mention of Israeli-made Heron unmanned aerial surveillance 
vehicles. Turkey needed these and ordered them to help spot its 
domestic terrorists, and they were supposed to arrive long ago for use 
in the fight against the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK). After 
Be§ikta§ scored, Sener ecstatically cried out that "if they [Israel] have 
the Herons, we [Turkey] have the Eagles [the mascot for Be§ikta§]." 
Sener's mantra was noteworthy not simply because it was an instant 
hit on Facebook and Twitter, but also because his quixotic fusion of 
sports and international politics means that once-detached secular 
segments of the public (to which he belongs) share the anti-Israeli 
frame of mind. Indeed, Turkish-Israeli relations have recently gone 
badly wrong. But it twists one's mouth into a wry smile to read 
contemporary comments from the Israeli right-wing media on 
Turkish politics, which stand in stark contrast to the rosy depictions 
EFTA00587902
--- PAGE 24 ---
of relations between the two back in the mid-1990s, when Turkey and 
Israel first established a military alliance. The alliance with Israel in 
the 1990s was a hard sell. It was the Turkish military that initiated 
and implemented the terms of the alliance. The ultimate cost of such 
a bold partnership, however, was anybody's guess, since as a rule 
there was virtually no supervision over military spending. 
Nonetheless, Turkey's top brass had to represent Israel as a stable 
ally, not only in its long and lonely fight against the PICK but also 
against the "anti-secular" religious society and its representatives in 
the government. It helped that Israel and Turkey had a shared concept 
of the "Arab other," as well. 
Toxic relations 
But things change fast these days, and this time the changes in the 
Middle East and the dramatic volte face in Turkish-Israeli relations 
have been dramatic: Two years ago, Turkish Prime Minister Recep 
Tayyip Erdogan stormed off the stage at the World Economic Forum 
in Davos in protest, after saying that the Israeli state was very good at 
killing civilians, while sitting next to Israeli President Shimon Perez. 
He was proven right last year when, in the infamous flotilla attack, 
Israeli soldiers killed eight Turkish and one Turkish-American 
civilian activists who were on their way to bring humanitarian aid to 
Gaza. This time Erdogan accused Israel of "state terrorism." Massive 
protests against Israel followed, and relations have been toxic since 
then. Now the Israeli right-wing press is awash in a rampant 
discourse of hate and fury against Turkey and its "Islamist" 
government. Even a cursory survey would reveal the widening scope 
of the raging right-wing commentary on the sea change Turkey and 
its neighbors have been experiencing. The extant mischaracterization 
is so wildly commonplace as to include portraying Prime Minister 
Erdogan as "a hypocritical neo-Ottoman Pasha," "irresponsible and 
dangerous," his party as "new wannabe Ottomans opting for a 
EFTA00587903
--- PAGE 25 ---
theocratic sultanate," and the country as an "Islamist state" in "the 
Iranian axis," bent on destroying its once much-revered military and 
secular establishment. Meanwhile, Israel's right-wing politicians 
have jumped on the bandwagon, and the anti-Turkey rhetoric keeps 
pouring in. When Netanyahu claimed "Turkey is consistently 
gravitating eastward toward Syria and Iran rather than Westward," 
the flotilla affair had yet to erupt. Lieberman accused Erdogan of 
"slowly turning into [Libyan leader Muammar] Gaddafi or 
[Venezuelan President] Hugo Chavez." In the words of Israeli right-
wing politicians, Turkey has clearly become one of the countries in 
the so-called "Axis of Evil," a narrative championed by pro-Israeli 
neoconservatives in the US. In a broader sense, Netanyahu's 
placement of Turkey was part of his government's strategy to sell the 
claim that Turkey's "shift of axis" is to be blamed on the Islamic 
credentials of the AK Party and not on the secularist military, which, 
alas, has been implicated in numerous extra-legal activities including 
regular coup-plotting. This "shift of axis" discourse was publicized 
whenever the Turkish military was losing its grip on power in 
domestic politics. In the meantime, some influential think tanks in the 
US, such as the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), 
the most influential Jewish lobby on US Middle East policy, have 
been busily explaining how "Turkey's ruling AK Party is 
increasingly pushing the country in an Islamist direction." That the 
AK Party government has widened civil liberties more than any other 
Turkish government since the 1960s is unimportant to the pro-Israeli 
right-wingers, who seem to be losing sleep only over the fact that 
relations between the countries have become irreparably strained. But 
instead of a much-needed reconciliation, Lieberman is once again so 
furious that he has frantically threatened to support the PKK in 
response to Turkey's demands for an apology for the Mavi Marmara 
incident. Reactions from right-wing academics have been in the 
EFTA00587904
--- PAGE 26 ---
same vein. For example, Bernard Lewis, Daniel Pipes, Bassam Tibi 
and the like have persistently exalted the Turkish military while 
disparaging the Islamic credentials of either the wider Muslim 
population of Turkey or their representative politicians, namely the 
AK Party. They seem to believe that institutions like the military 
represented secular modernity, while pious Muslims are innately 
opposed to it. In an interview in The Wall Street Journal on April 2, 
2011, Bernard Lewis imagined virtually every segment of Turkish 
society as mouthpieces of the "Islamist" AK Party government; he is 
so alarmed he believes "Turkey and Iran could switch places." In 
another commentary in the The Jerusalem Post on April 17, 2008, 
Daniel Pipes likened Erdogan to Osama bin Laden, while Basam Tibi 
drew a parallel between the AK Party and Hamas in the Journal of 
Democracy. Such comparisons are preposterous and grotesque, so 
why are they so commonplace? 
Why do they deeply resent the new Turkey? 
There are two primary answers to this question. First, in their 
assertions both academic and political critics are employing a rather 
outdated modernization paradigm with raw notions of modernity, 
secularism and progress. That the times have moved on from that 
modernization paradigm seems to be a foreign idea to them: They 
have either missed or misread the zeitgeist. Therefore they have 
failed to comprehend that militant secularism and its attendant 
political structures in the Turkish state were losing ground in recent 
times to a more pluralist secularity. They predicted that it would be 
the Turkish military that would carry on having close ties with the 
liberal West and Israel, while the AK Party and its "reactionary 
Islamist" base would opt for more authoritarian politics. The past 
decade has proved them wrong. 
The second source of this resentment stems from the loosening grip 
of the military on Turkey's domestic political space and foreign 
EFTA00587905
--- PAGE 27 ---
policy, thanks largely to reforms under the rule of the AK Party 
government, in power since 2002. The signs of the times have been 
duly noted and acted upon by the AK Party, paving the way for a new 
pact between the state and society, as in the case of the constitutional 
referendum of September 2010. Although not without ups and 
downs, it has been the AK Party government, not the military, that 
has opted for further democratization with our without 
Europeanization, clearing the way for a new civilian visibility for 
Islam. It is not surprising, then, that we are seeing the deterioration of 
Turkish-Israeli relations to an all-time low, simultaneously with the 
recent fall of the military tutelage in Turkey, which was the architect 
of the alliance of the mid-1990s. 
Why won't their bitterness be easily mollified? 
In essence, the right-wing reactions are similar to an individual's 
reaction to a "harsh and unwanted change," as for example in the face 
of the "traumatic loss of a loved one." The latter motif has been an 
basic idea in Freudian psychoanalysis since his 1915 article 
"Mourning and Melancholia." Freud explains that "the aggrieved 
person initially is unable to withdraw attachment from the lost 
object." Instead, "The mourner turns away from reality, through 
denial, and clings to mental representations of the lost object. Thus 
the object loss is turned into an ego loss." To prevent further agony, 
the aggrieved should withdraw his energy (libido) from the object 
(decathexis), and the resumption of normal life necessitates the 
establishment of new relationships (recathexis). The latter, in turn, 
can only be achieved by "understanding, accepting, and coping with 
the loss and its circumstances." 
What's next? 
Now, it is clear that Israel has lost a loved partner. But it would be 
erroneous to assume that Israel's loss is the "secular Turkey." Its 
"lost loved one" is the Turkish military, whose top brass have been 
EFTA00587906
--- PAGE 28 ---
implicated in the Ergenekon case and are thus unable to reconcile 
with Israel. So the latter is really mourning over the loss of the carte 
blanche it was previously given by the military, and clinging to 
flawed "mental representations" of Turkey. Given the loss of the 
military's role in Turkey's domestic and foreign policy, the Israeli 
right-wing faces an ego test: to heal relations with Turkey's 
"Islamist" government. But can the relationship be healed? The 
answer is a conditional yes. That is, to restore the relationship, Israel 
should be, as Freud counsels, "understanding, accepting, and coping 
with the loss and its circumstances." 
"Understanding and accepting the situation": It is now generally 
accepted that we are living in a wildly unpredictable world. The 
staple ingredients of international politics are fast changing, so fast as 
to spur the rethinking of old certainties in world politics, particularly 
those in the Middle East. The latter has successfully defied the 
gravity of outdated international politics, shattering US and Israeli 
complacency along the way. But new gravity cannot be easily 
asserted either. The Turkish-Israeli alliance is officially dead, the 
political turmoil is afoot in Syria and Yemen and the Arab Spring is 
here to stay. There is an urgent need for Israeli politicians and right-
wingers to hedge their bets each time they face an unwanted sea 
change in Turkey. The "unwanted" AK Party government is going 
nowhere, especially in light of the dwindling threat of military 
interventions in Turkish politics. It is likely to stay for at least another 
term. Therefore, instead of persistently bashing the supposedly 
"Islamist" character of the government, they should try to understand 
how it managed to win a staggering 50 percent of the vote in this 
year's election. It is also pertinent to note that the Israeli right-
wing's hate rhetoric is counterproductive, feeding into the radical 
rhetoric of nationalist, religious and even secular segments of Turkish 
society, who do not always make a distinction between the Israeli 
EFTA00587907
--- PAGE 29 ---
state and its people. The fact that dozens of Israelis were recently 
detained at Istanbul airport and questioned for about two hours in a 
case of what was perceived by many as punitive harassment clearly 
illustrates the point. 
"Coping and moving on": The list of recent diplomatic crises and 
subsequent showdowns demonstrate the urgent need for alternative 
visions for the future relationship between Israel and Turkey. The 
assumption that both states will bear the brunt of crises at will and at 
all costs cannot hold, nor can they simply continue to enjoy the close 
relations of the 1990s. A new rapprochement should grant that 
Turkey and Israel have joint interests to build on, but also differences 
to work out. A flexible and more pragmatic position for Turkey and a 
more justifiable stance for Israel are key, both to the future of their 
relationship and to the region as a whole. 
But for action to occur on this, first, some change needs to occur in 
the pro-Israeli US political establishment, which should help to 
devise some new mechanisms for conflict prevention that attend to 
both Turkish-Israeli relations and the novel political realities of the 
Middle East. Both Turkey and Israel should make every effort to 
refrain from fiery rhetoric and bridge their yawning cultural gap, both 
in international politics and among their respective populations. Both 
states should renounce the Schmittian "emergency politics" that 
result from seeing states only as friends or enemies. They should stop 
turning foreign policy into a security matter whenever they encounter 
a crisis situation. It is high time for them to return to normal politics 
again. 
Tuncay Karda$ and Ali Bala are assistant professors at Sakarya 
University, Turkey. 
EFTA00587908
--- PAGE 30 ---
3o 
Artick 4. 
Project Syndicate 
Failing the Syria Test 
Javier Solana 
2011-10-10 — On October 2nd in Istanbul, Syria's disparate 
opposition movements gave the go-ahead for the formation of a 
"Syrian National Council." This is the most important step yet taken 
by the fragmented forces that have been trying since May to lead a 
peaceful uprising against President Bashar al-Assad's regime. The 
Council's formation boosted the morale of those who have been 
demanding stronger and more unified representation. 
But a mere two days after its creation, the embryonic Council 
suffered its first big setback. France, the United Kingdom, Germany, 
and Portugal, in collaboration with the United States, presented a 
draft resolution before the United Nations Security Council seeking 
to condemn repression in Syria and put an end to the use of force 
against civilians. The draft was a sugarcoated version of a previous 
text, proposed last June. This one contained nebulous terms such as 
"specific measures" or "other options." It stressed the sovereignty, 
independence, and territorial integrity of Syria, and emphasized the 
need to resolve the current crisis peacefully, by means of an inclusive 
political process — and called for a national dialogue led from within 
the country. The draft called for a 30-day period to study the options, 
up from 15 days in the earlier draft. The object was plain: to gain a 
Russian, and consequently, a Chinese abstention. But Russia and 
China vetoed the proposal anyway, and only nine members of the 
Security Council voted in favor, with Brazil, India, South Africa, and 
Lebanon abstaining. There are three key implications of the Security 
Council's vote. First, violence will increase. Since the protests 
erupted last March, there have been an estimated 2,700 deaths, more 
EFTA00587909
--- PAGE 31 ---
than 10,000 people displaced to Turkey, and thousands more arrested. 
The Assad government does not hesitate to fire on civilians, lay siege 
to cities, or shut off their electricity and water. And a few days ago, it 
was reported that some 10,000 Syrian soldiers had defected, with 
several hundred joining rival movements such as the Free Syrian 
Army and the Free Officers Movement. Unless some international 
protection arrives, a movement that began peacefully risks entering a 
new and dangerous phase. Second, there will be grave consequences 
for regional security. Syria is a strategic hinge in the Middle East. It 
has been one of the countries most hostile toward Israel, mainly 
through its support of Hamas, Iran, and Hezbollah. Chaos in Syria 
would threaten Lebanon's stability and alter Iran's geopolitical 
influence in the region. Iraq, governed by Shia political forces, also 
keeps close tabs on Syria's evolution, as does Turkey, which, until 
fairly recently, considered Syria a keystone of its regional policy. 
Finally, the Security Council vote exposed a clear division within the 
international community. Among the BRICS - Brazil, Russia, India, 
China, and South Africa, all of which happen to be on the Security 
Council currently — two vetoed and the rest abstained (along with 
Lebanon, for obvious reasons). In the case of the resolution on 
military intervention in Libya, the BRICS decided "to let" Col. 
Muammar el-Qaddafi be overthrown. Not so with Syria, where none 
aligned itself with the positions supported by the European Union and 
the US. The Security Council's composition wouldn't be 
substantially different if an "ideal" distribution of seats were to be 
achieved. So the fact that no agreement has been reached on Syria 
forces us to reflect on the future difficulties that we will face in 
managing global security. Of course, there is no "one size fits all" 
model for intervention, but that does not justify evading our 
"responsibility to protect" — a fine concept promoted by former UN 
Secretary-General Kofi Annan and adopted by all UN member states 
EFTA00587910
--- PAGE 32 ---
in 2005. Support for the resolution would have weakened Assad's 
position, as it would have revealed him as isolated from his 
traditional allies, Russia and China. It would also have shown the 
international community to be unanimous in its rejection of 
repression and committed to protecting the Syrian people (though the 
draft made no mention of military intervention). 
The sanctions adopted by the EU and the US against Assad's regime 
are not enough. But, unless further measures are channeled through —
and thus legitimized by — the Security Council, other alternatives are 
limited. In recent years, with countries such as China, India, and 
Brazil taking their rightful place on the international scene, the G-7 
has given way to the G-20. Likewise, an ambitious reform of the 
International Monetary Fund was adopted in 2010 to reflect changes 
in the global distribution of power. But this change in global 
governance must not be limited to economic policymaking. After all, 
globalization has brought many overall benefits, but also less friendly 
aspects, such as the ones dealing with global security. Despite our 
growing interconnectedness, the UN Security Council has not yet 
been unable to achieve sufficient consensus to resolve pressing 
matters such as Syria. Nobody ever said that the road to stronger 
global governance would be straight or simple to navigate. But there 
are no detours: without effective structures of power and a genuine 
commitment from all players, the future does not look promising for 
global stability and prosperity. 
Javier Solana, the European Union's former High Representative for 
the Common Foreign and Security Policy and a former Secretary 
General of NATO, is President of the Global Economic and 
Geopolitical Center ESADE, and Distinguished Senior Fellow in 
Foreign Policy at the Brookings Institution. 
EFTA00587911

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587912.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587912.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO DO LIST 
- 
FIX OFFICE BATHROOM LEAK & REPAINT THE WALL ( PICK COLORS ) 
- 
PAINT OVER THE POOL HOUSE DECORATION 
- 
REFINISH THE WOOD POOL HOUSE DOORS 
- 
REPLACE THE OUTDOOR CARPET ON THE BACK TERACE 
- STAIRS FROM MB TO THE NEW OFFICE - CLEAN 
- 
PEST CONTROL 
- NOISE IN #1 - SEAL DOORS AND WINDOWS 
- MOVE MASTER FURNITURE TO #1 
- BATHROOM #1 - SHOWER HIGHER + CHANGE SHOWER HEAD 
- 
FINISH ROOM #2 (FLOORING, PAINT, ELECTRICAL WIRING, 
BATHROOM SINK+TOILET, FURNITURE FROM #1) 
- 
FIX BLUE & WHITE OUTDOOR FLOOR 
- 
FURNISH THE FLAG POLE HOUSE ( WHITE FURNITURE, CANDLE 
SCONCES) 
- NEW MAC COMPUTERS ( THERE ARE 2 PCS NOW) 
- 
PROGRAM PHONES 
- 
SET UP OUTDOOR FURNITURE 
- CLEAN ALL UPHOLSTERY 
- CLEAN UP ALL NAP HOUSES 
- NEW BIG OFFICE - FURNITURE ? 
- LIST OF ALL VEHICLES 
FROM YOUR LIST 
- 
RESTAIN THE TIKI HUT 
- ROADS GRADED AND EDGED 
- 
RETUBE & RE ENGINE NANNA 
- 
FLAG POLE HOUSE - HARDSCAPE PLAN FROM ICAPLINGER 
- 
PUT B&W LINOLEUM FLOORING IN THE KITCHEN 
- DAVE CHRISTOPHER'S HOUSE - 
CURTIS & SILVINA 
- RENT STT APARTMENTS 
- THROW OUT OLD WASHING MACHINE, RUGS.. 
- CABANA 
- MASTER BATH SCHEDULE ( CAPLINGER-MASTER PLAN, KEARNEY-
ESTIMATION & IMPLEMENTATION) 
- CAPLINGER MEET WITH MATT 
- JP COMES ON 06/17 - LAY OUT FURNITURE 
- BRICE & CURTIS - BILL ROWLES 
- BUY NEW ATVS 
- BRING HELICOPTER DOWN 
- 
SELL PB CARS 
- 
LARRY BID ON NEW MIDNIGHT EXPRESS + STATUS OF TAMPA CREW 
BOAT 
EFTA00587912
--- PAGE 2 ---
SHOPPING & SHIPPING 
- BUY MATTRESSESES (I KING + 4 TWIN) 
- TOWELS ( NEW IN NYC ) 
- 
REPLACE LSJ MATS 
- BEDDING 
- MAGAZINE SUBSCRIBTIONS ? 
- MEDS & FIRST AID 
- COSMETICS, BATH 
- CLOTHES & ROBES 
- 
SHIP SAFE FROM FSF 
- 
SHIP BIKES FROM PB 
- 
LARRY-BUY ELECTRIC PIANO 
- 
SHIP DVDS FROM PB 
TO BE CONTINUED... 
EFTA00587913

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587914.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587914.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN 
THE 
CIRCUIT 
COURT 
OF 
THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR 
PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Complex Litigation, Fla. R. Civ. Pro. 1.201 
CASE NO. 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
STUART ROSENFELDT, individually, 
RUSSELL ADLER, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
WILLIAM BERGER, individually, 
KENNETH JENNE, individually, 
MICHAEL FISTEN, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendants. 
COMPLAINT 
Plaintiff, JEFFERY EPSTEIN, (hereinafter "EPSTEIN"), by and through his 
undersigned attorneys, files this action against Defendants, SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, 
individually, STUART ROSENFELDT, individually, RUSSELL ADLER, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, WILLIAM BERGER, individually, KENNETH 
JENNE, 
individually, MICHAEL 
FISTEN, individually, 
and L.M., individually. 
Accordingly, EPSTEIN states: 
General Allegations 
1. This is an action for damages in excess of $15,000.00, exclusive costs, interest, 
and attorneys' fees. 
EFTA00587914
--- PAGE 2 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 2 
SUMMARY OF ACTION 
2. This case is an extension of a massive fraud and deception of unparalleled greed 
involving the abuse of the justice system by lawyers, law firms and others. The actions 
of ROTHSTEIN and others, including RRA, are a blight on the legal profession and an 
affront to every honest, hardworking attorney who renders services to clients, the 
community and the profession. 
3. ROTHSTEIN and others sought to peddle influence and power, and in the 
process forged court orders and signatures (including Kenneth A. Marra, U.S. District 
Judge and Susan H. Black, U.S. Court of Appeals, 119) Circuit), prepared false and 
deceptive settlement documents in connection with cases allegedly involving EPSTEIN, 
and others made false and deceptive representation involving alleged Epstein 
settlements (current and future) and other alleged matters. 
4. ROTHSTEIN and others in RRA, including, BERGER, ADLER and EDWARDS, 
abused the legal process, by not simply aggressively litigating existing cases, but 
conducting discovery and making media presentations that far exceeded the bounds of 
professionalism but which were designed to harass and intimidate witnesses and 
deponents and to "pump" the "saleable" value of the Civil Actions (defined herein), so 
ROTHSTEIN and others could then market purported settlements and secure millions 
from investors who bought into the Ponzi scam. 
5. Without RRA and others, ROTHSTEIN would not have been able to market and 
sell the Epstein cases to investors. 
EFTA00587915
--- PAGE 3 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 3 
6. The Palm Beach Post in its editorial page opined that any suggestion 
ROTHSTEIN acted alone and was a one attorney show is simply not credible. Lawyers 
who proudly proclaimed they were partners in RRA until the implosion, have tucked tail 
and now claim they were employees of RRA. Yet, the Litigation Team either knew or 
should have known that JENNE (convicted former Broward County Sheriff) and FISTEN 
(former disgraced Miami-Dade Police Officer) were providing banker's boxes of 
EPSTEIN files (estimated to be 13) containing confidential, and privileged materials to 
show/market to investors; and that FISTEN was representing himself to be an active 
Miami-Dade Police Officer to gain access to and pry information from EPSTEIN'S 
employees and associates. 
7. The RRA lawyers have years of experience 
former state attorney, 
civil practitioners, a circuit court judge — all of whom probably have served on various 
Florida Bar committees. Yet they claim a lack of knowledge of any indication that 
problems with the firm existed when: 
a. RRA had 24 hour security in the form of Broward County Sheriffs officers on 
each floor of the law offices; 
b. ROTHSTEIN had 24 hour (firm paid) security at his home; 
c. Partners/attorneys/staff could not directly access ROTHSTEIN without going 
through extensive security checks/doors and armed guards; 
d. Only ROTHSTEIN had access RRA's financial records and accountants 
including Florida Bar Trust Accounts; 
EFTA00587916
--- PAGE 4 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 4 
e. Salaries of some attorneys far exceeded worth of attorneys based on book of 
business, ability to generate business, political/judicial connections and 
collections; 
f. ROTHSTEIN ran the entire firm without input from others more senior and 
experienced than him; and 
g. As Shakespeare said, "thou cloth protest too much." 
8. Plaintiff, EPSTEIN, is an adult and currently is residing and works in Palm Beach 
County, Florida. 
9. Defendant, SCOTT ROTHSTEIN ("ROTHSTEIN"), is an individual residing in 
Broward County, Florida, and was licensed to practice law in the State of Florida. In 
November 2009, ROTHSTEIN voluntarily relinquished his law license in the midst of the 
implosion of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt and Adler, P.A. ("RRA"). He was disbarred by the 
Florida Supreme Court on November 20, 2009. 
10. At all times relevant hereto, ROTHSTEIN was the managing partner and CEO of 
RRA. 
11. Defendant, STUART ROSENFELDT ("ROSENFELDT"), is an individual residing 
in Broward County, Florida and is licensed to practice law in the State of Florida. At all 
times relevant hereto, ROSENFELDT was the President of RRA. 
12. Defendant, ROTHSTEIN and ROSENFELDT, are the principal owners of equity 
in RRA and each co-founded RRA. 
13. Defendant, RUSSELL ADLER ("ADLER"), is an individual residing in Broward 
County, Florida and is licensed to practice law in the State of Florida. At all times 
EFTA00587917
--- PAGE 5 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 5 
relevant hereto, ADLER was the third-named partner of RRA and thus was an 
employee, agent, associate, partner, shareholder, and/or other representative of RRA. 
14. Defendant, BRADLEY J. EDWARDS ("EDWARDS"), is an individual residing in 
Broward County, Florida and is licensed to practice law in the State of Florida. At all 
times relevant hereto, EDWARDS was an employee, agent, associate, partner, 
shareholder, and/or other representative of RRA. 
15. Defendant, WILLIAM BERGER ("BERGER"), is an individual residing in Palm 
Beach County, Florida and is licensed to practice law in the State of Florida. At all times 
relevant hereto, BERGER was an employee, agent, associate, partner, shareholder, 
and/or other representative of RRA. 
16. Defendant, KENNETH JENNE ("JENNE"), is an individual residing in Broward 
County, Florida. At all times relevant hereto, JENNE was an employee of RRA, and 
was an essential participant in the scheme referenced infra by, among other things, 
assisted in facilitating the investment in fabricated settlements outlined below including, 
but not limited to, the Civil Actions (defined below) involving Epstein. 
17. Defendant, MICHAEL FISTEN ("FISTEN"), is an individual residing in Broward 
County, Florida. At all times relevant hereto, FISTEN was an employee of RRA, and 
was an essential participant in the scheme referenced infra by, among other things, 
assisted in facilitating the investment in fabricated settlements outlined below including, 
but not limited to, the Civil Actions (defined below) involving Epstein. 
18. Defendant, L.M. ("L.M."), is an individual residing in Palm Beach County, Florida. 
At all times relevant hereto, L.M. was represented by RRA, ROTHSTEIN and the 
EFTA00587918
--- PAGE 6 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 6 
Litigation Team (defined below) and was an essential participant in the scheme 
referenced infra by, among other things, allowing portions of her alleged personal injury 
lawsuit to be sold to investors in exchange for upfront money (directly or indirectly) or 
the promise of money relative to the Civil Actions (defined below) involving Epstein. 
19. Non-party, DAVID BODEN ("BODEN"), is an individual residing in Broward 
County, Florida. At all times relevant hereto, BODEN was a partner and General 
Counsel of RRA, and was ROTHSTEIN'S "right-hand man" and an essential participant 
in the scheme referenced infra by, among other things, recruiting and soliciting investors 
and drafting documents to induce investors into funding the fabricated settlements 
(existing or in the future) outlined below including, but not limited to, the Civil Actions 
(defined below) involving Epstein. 
20. Non-party, DEBBIE VILLEGAS (VILLEGAS), was the Chief Financial Officer of 
RRA, and/or an employee, agent, and/or other representative of RRA. 
21. Non-party, ANDREW BARNETT ("BARNETT"), was Director of Corporate 
Development of RRA, and was an essential participant in the scheme referenced infra 
by, among other things, recruiting, soliciting and inducing investors to fund the 
fabricated settlements outlined below including, but not limited to, the Civil Actions 
(defined below) involving Epstein. 
22. Non-party, RRA is a Florida Professional Service Corporation, with a principal 
address of 401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33401. In addition 
to its principal office, RRA also maintained seven offices in Florida, New York, and 
Venezuela, and employed over 70 attorneys and 200 support staff. RRA also maintains 
EFTA00587919
--- PAGE 7 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 7 
an office at 1109 NE 2d Street, Hallendale Beach, Florida 33009-8515. RRA, through 
its attorneys, including those named as Defendants herein, conducted business 
throughout Florida, and relevant to this action, conducted business and filed lawsuits on 
behalf of clients in Palm Beach County, Florida. 
(RRA is currently a debtor in 
bankruptcy. RRA is not named as a Defendant). 
Factual Allegations 
23. As more fully set forth herein, RRA held itself out as legitimately and properly 
engaging in the practice of law while, in reality, ROTHSTEIN and others in RRA were 
using RRA to market the investments so as to bilk investors out of hundreds of millions 
of dollars. ROTHSTEIN and others in RRA devised an elaborate plan through which 
were sold through a purported confidential assignment, structured pay-out settlements, 
supposedly reached on behalf of RRA clients, in exchange for payments to these clients 
of a lower or discounted lump sum amount. Investors were being promised in excess of 
a 30% return on their investment. While some of the cases relied upon to induce 
investor funding were actual filed cases, it is believed that the confidential, structured 
pay-out settlements were all fabricated. 
24. Relevant to this action, EPSTEIN is currently named as a defendant in three civil 
actions alleging, inter alia, sexual assault and battery that were handled by RRA prior to 
its implosion — one of which is filed in federal court (Jane Doe v. Epstein, Case No. 08-
CIV-80893, U.S.D.C. S.D. Fla.)(Jane Doe is a named Defendant herein), and two of 
which have been filed in state court in the 151h Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach 
County, State of Florida, (L.M. v. Epstein, Case No. 502008CA028051XXXXMB AB; 
EFTA00587920
--- PAGE 8 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 8 
E.W. v. Epstein, Case No. 502008CA028058XXXXMB AB), (hereinafter collectively 
referred to as the "Civil Actions," and L.M is a named Defendant herein). The Civil 
Actions were all filed in August and September of 2008. 
25. Also based on media reports and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) press 
conferences and releases, the massive Ponzi scheme and pattern of criminal activity 
meant to lure investors began sometime in 2005 and continued through the fall of 2009, 
when the scheme was uncovered by some of the investors and the FBI. In November 
of 2009, civil lawsuits were and continue to be filed against various Defendants as result 
of their massive fraudulent and criminal scheme. 
26. This fraudulent and illegal investment scheme is also evidenced by the recent 
filing of Amended Complaint For Dissolution And For Emergency Transfer of Corporate 
Powers to Stuart A. Rosenfeldt, Or, In The Alternative, For the Appointment of A 
Custodian or Receiver by ROSENFELDT, individually, (a named Defendant herein), and 
RRA, against ROTHSTEIN, individually, (also a named Defendant herein). (Case No. 
059301, In the Circuit Court of the Seventeenth Judicial Circuit, Broward County, 
Florida, Complex Business Div.), (hereinafter "RRA dissolution action, and attached 
hereto as Exhibit 1). 
27. Plaintiff references the RRA dissolution action for the sole purpose that it 
acknowledges that RRA and ROTHSTEIN were in fact conducting an illegal and 
improper investment or Ponzi scheme based on promises of financial returns from 
settlements or outcomes of supposed legal actions, including the actions brought 
against Plaintiff EPSTEIN. 
The RRA dissolution action alleges in part that — 
EFTA00587921
--- PAGE 9 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 9 
"ROTHSTEIN, the managing partner and CEO of the firm (RRA), has, according to 
assertions of certain investors, allegedly orchestrated a substantial misappropriation of 
funds from investor trust accounts that made use of the law firm's name (RRA). The 
investment business created and operated by Mr. ROTHSTEIN centered around the 
sale of interests in structured settlements." 
See Preliminary Statement of RRA 
dissolution action, Exhibit 1 hereto. 
28. What is clear is that a fraudulent and improper investment or Ponzi scheme was 
in fact conducted and operated by RRA and certain of the named Defendants, which 
scheme directly impacted EPSTEIN as a named defendant in the Civil Actions brought 
by ROTHSTEIN, the Litigation Team and L.M.. 
29. The details of this fraudulent scheme are being revealed on a daily basis through 
various media reports, including FBI press conferences. The most recent estimate of 
the financial scope of the scheme is as much as $1 billion dollars. 
30. Miami attorney and developer, Alan Sakowitz, was quoted in a recent article as 
saying that he had met with ROTHSTEIN as a potential investor in August of 2009, but 
became suspicious. He stated "I was convinced it was all a Ponzi scheme and I notified 
the FBI in detail how Scotty ROTHSTEIN was hiding behind a legitimate law firm to 
peddle fake investments." Attorney Sakowitz was also quoted as saying ROTHSTEIN 
had sophisticated eavesdropping equipment and former law enforcement officers who 
would sift through a potential defendants' garbage. 
31. Additionally, Ft. Lauderdale attorney William Scherer represents multiple 
Rothstein related investors. He indicated in an article that RRA/Rothstein had used the 
EFTA00587922
--- PAGE 10 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 10 
"Epstein Ploy ... as a showpiece as bait. That's the way he raised all the money. He 
would use. . .cases as bait for luring investors into fictional cases. All the cases he 
allegedly structured were fictional. I don't believe there was a real one in there." In fact, 
on November 20, 2009, William Scherer, on behalf of certain clients, filed a 147 page 
Complaint against ROTHSTEIN, BODEN, VILLEGAS, BARNETT, TD Bank, N.A., Frank 
Spinosa, Jennifer Kerstetter, Rosanne Caretsky and Frank Preve asserting various 
allegations that further prove the massive Ponzi scheme behind the RRA façade; and 
as of November 25, 2009, a 249 page Amended Complaint naming additional 
Defendants. 
32. In addition, and upon information and belief, ROTHSTEIN, BODEN, VILLEGAS, 
BARNETT, FISTEN and JENNE sometimes through brokers or middlemen, would stage 
regular meetings during which false statements were made about the number of cases 
against EPSTEIN and the value thereof, and they would show and share actual case 
files from the EPSTEIN actions with hedge fund managers. Thus, the attorneys and 
clients may well have waived any attorney-client or work- product privileges that 
otherwise may have existed. 
33. Within the actual files, investor-third parties became aware of the names of the 
existing Plaintiffs who filed anonymously against Epstein and have opposed disclosure 
of their legal names. 
34. In furtherance of the scheme, RRA's letterhead was used in communications 
regarding investment opportunities in purported structured settlements. RRA's trust 
EFTA00587923
--- PAGE 11 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 11 
account was used to deposit hundreds of millions of dollars or wire transfer of monies 
from duped investors and other victims. RRA personally guaranteed payments. 
35. Rothstein's went so far as to manufacture false and fraudulent Court orders by 
forging the signature of U.S. District Judge, Kenneth A. Marra and U.S. Circuit Court 
Judge, Susan H. Black, 11" Circuit. See Composite Exhibit 2 hereto. 
36. In each of these Civil Actions, the Plaintiffs are or were represented by RRA and 
its attorneys, including ADLER, EDWARDS and BERGER. 
37. Based upon recently filed lawsuits, media reports, statements of law enforcement 
personnel (FBI and others) and statements of attorneys for investors (as more fully 
detailed herein), Defendant, ROTHSTEIN and others in RRA, illegally and unethically 
solicited investors to invest monies in and/or to buy a financial interest in the potential 
outcome or alleged settlement of pending or prospective lawsuits or claims or structured 
settlements which included, but were not limited to, the Civil Actions involving Epstein. 
In addition, investors were told that another fifty (50) plus females were represented by 
RRA, with the potential for hundreds of millions of dollars in settlements, told investors 
RRA and its attorneys (including EDWARDS) would sue Epstein unless he paid 
exorbitant-settlement amounts to protect his high-profile friends. 
38. Upon information and belief, Defendants, ROSENFELDT, ADLER, EDWARDS 
and BERGER knew or should have known that ROTHSTEIN, BODEN, BARNETT, 
VILLEGAS, FISTEN and JENNE were utilizing RRA as a front for the massive Ponzi 
scheme and/or were selling an alleged interest or investment in the Civil Actions (and 
other claims) involving Epstein. 
EFTA00587924
--- PAGE 12 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 12 
39. Further evidencing that ROSENFELDT, ADLER, EDWARDS and BERGER knew 
or should have known and participated in the continuation of the massive Ponzi 
scheme, a front-page Palm Beach Post article, dated November 24, 2009, reported on 
the recent filing of an amended forfeiture complaint by prosecutors against "dozens of 
ROTHSTEIN's real estate properties, foreign cars, restaurants and other assets — 
including $12 million in the lawyer's bank account in Morocco, along with millions more 
donated to political campaigns and charitable funds." The article further reported that — 
Attorney Scott ROTHSTEIN tapped into millions of dollars from his massive 
investment scam to cover payroll costs at his expanding Fort Lauderdale 
law firm, federal authorities said in court records released Monday. 
ROTHSTEIN's law firm (RRA) generated revenue of $8 million in one 
recent year, yet his 70-lawyer law firm had a payroll of $18 million, 
prosecutors said. ROTHSTEIN, who owned half of RRA used investors' 
money from his Ponzi scheme to make up the shortfall, they said. 
40. ROTHSTEIN attempted to lure the entity known as D3 Capital Club, LLC, ("D3"), 
by offering D3 "the opportunity" to invest in a pre-suit $30,000,000.00 court settlement 
against EPSTEIN; yet this supposed settlement never existed and was entirely 
fabricated. To augment his concocted story, ROTHSTEIN, upon information and belief, 
invited D3 to his office to view thirteen (13) banker's boxes of case files in Jane Doe 
(one of the Civil Actions)' in an attempt to substantiate that the claims against EPSTEIN 
were legitimate and that the evidence obtained against him by RRA, ROTHSTEIN, 
ROSENFELDT, ADLER, EDWARDS and BERGER (the "Litigation Team") was real. 
It appears that 13 out of the 40 boxes seized by the FBI as part of its investigation at RRA 
consisted of files relating to the Civil Actions involving EPSTEIN. 
EFTA00587925
--- PAGE 13 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 13 
41. Upon information and belief, ROTHSTEIN and others offered other investors like 
the entity D3 fabricated investment opportunities in the Civil Actions involving EPSTEIN. 
FISTEN and JENNE assisted ROTHSTEIN in making these offers by providing 
confidential, privileged and work-product information to prospective third-party investors. 
42. By using the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN as "bait" and fabricating settlements 
regarding same, ROTHSTEIN and others were able to lure investors into 
ROTHSTEIN'S lair and bilked them of millions of dollars which, in turn, was used to fund 
the litigation against EPSTEIN for the sole purpose of continuing the massive Ponzi 
scheme. 
43. Upon information and belief, ROTHSTEIN and others claimed their investigators 
discovered that there were high-profile witnesses onboard Epstein's private jet where 
some of the alleged sexual assaults took place and showed D3 (and possibly others) 
copies of a flight log purportedly containing names of celebrities, dignitaries, and 
international figures. 
Because of these facts, ROTHSTEIN claimed EPSTEIN had 
offered $200,000,000.00 to settle the claims of RRA female clients various potential 
plaintiffs in actions against EPSTEIN. The offer of a $200 million dollar settlement by 
EPSTEIN was completely fabricated; no such offer had ever been made. 
44. Also evidencing that the Litigation Team knew or should have known of the 
improper purpose that ROTHSTEIN, BODEN, BARNETT, VILLEGAS, FISTEN and 
JENNE were pursuing, and their participation in the continuation of the scheme, 
ROTHSTEIN used RRA's Litigation Team in the EPSTEIN cases to pursue issues and 
evidence unrelated to and unnecessary to the claims pled in the Civil Actions, but 
EFTA00587926
--- PAGE 14 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 14 
significantly beneficial to lure investors into the Ponzi scheme orchestrated by 
ROTHSTEIN, BODEN, BARNETT, VILLEGAS, FISTEN and JENNE. 
45. For instance, the Litigation Team relentlessly and knowingly pursued flight data 
and passenger manifests regarding flights EPSTEIN took with other famous individuals 
knowing full well that no underage women were onboard where illicit activities took 
place. ROTHSTEIN and the Litigation Team also inappropriately attempted to take the 
depositions of these celebrities in a calculated effort to bolster the marketing scam that 
was taking place. 
46. One of Plaintiffs' counsel, EDWARDS, deposed three of EPSTEIN'S pilots, and 
sought the deposition of a fourth pilot (currently serving in Iraq). The pilots were 
deposed by EDWARDS for over twelve (12) hours, and EDWARDS never asked one 
question relating to or about E.W., L.M., and Jane Doe (RRA clients) as it related to 
transportation of flights on any of EPSTEIN'S planes. 
47. However, EDWARDS did ask many inflammatory and leading questions about 
the pilots' thoughts and beliefs (which will never be admissible at trial) which could only 
have been asked for the purposes of "pumping" the cases and thus by using the 
depositions to sell the cases (or a part of them) to third parties. EDWARDS' office 
notified Defendant that he intended to take the depositions of and was subpoenaing: 
(i) Donald Trump (real-estate magnate and business mogul); 
(ii) Alan Dershowitz (noted Harvard Law professor, constitutional attorney 
and one of EPSTEIN'S criminal defense attorneys); 
(iii)Bill Clinton (Former President of the Untied States); 
EFTA00587927
--- PAGE 15 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 15 
(iv)Tommy Mottola (former President of Sony Record); and 
(v) David Copperfield (illusionist). 
48. The above-named individuals were friends of EPSTEIN with whom he had done 
business relative to philanthropic work over the years. None of the above-named 
individuals had any connection with any of the Litigation Team's clients, E.W., L.M. or 
Jane Doe. 
49. Edwards filed amended answers to interrogatories in the state court matters, 
E.W. and L.M., and listed additional high profile witnesses that would allegedly be called 
at trial, including, but not limited to: 
(i) Tommy Mottola (American Music Executive); 
(ii) Mortimer Zuckerman (well known Publisher of U.S. News & World 
Report and commentator and financier); 
(iii)Bill Richardson (Governor of New Mexico, formerly U.S. 
Representative and Ambassador to the United Nations); and 
(iv)Any and all persons having knowledge of EPSTEIN'S charitable, 
political or other donations;2
50. The sole purpose was, again, to "pump" the cases to investors. There is no 
evidence to date that any of these individuals have any personal knowledge regarding 
the Civil Actions. 
These high-profile celebrity 'purported" witnesses have no personal knowledge regarding the facts on 
these 'Three Cases", but were being contacted, subpoenaed or listed to harass and intimidate them and 
Epstein, and to add "star" appeal to the marketing effort of the Ponzi scheme. 
EFTA00587928
--- PAGE 16 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 16 
51. As part of this scheme, ROTHSTEIN and ROTHSTEIN'S Litigation Team, 
individually and in a concerted effort, may have unethically and illegally: 
a. Sold, allowed to be sold and/or assisted with the sale of an interest in non-
settled personal injury lawsuits (which are non-assignable and non-
transferable) or sold non-existent structured settlements (including those 
cases involving Epstein); 
b. Reached agreements to share attorneys fees with non-lawyers; 
c. Used investor money to pay plaintiffs (i.e., L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe) "up 
front" money such that plaintiffs would refuse to settle the Civil Actions; 
d. Conducted searches, wiretaps or intercepted conversations in violation of 
state or federal laws and Bar rules; and 
e. Utilized the judicial process including, but not limited to, unreasonable and 
unnecessary discovery, for the sole purpose of furthering the Ponzi 
scheme. 
52. Any such actions by ROTHSTEIN, others and the Litigation Team would 
potentially be a violation of various Florida Bar Rules, including prohibiting the improper 
sharing of fees or costs and various conflicts of issues rules. 
53. As a result of the fraudulent investment or (Ponzi) scheme, ROTHSTEIN and the 
Litigation Team in the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN may have compromised their 
clients' interests. ROTHSTEIN and the Litigation Team would be unable to give 
unbiased legal counsel because an outside investor(s) had been promised a financial 
interest in the outcome of the action. As an example, if a plaintiff is receiving payments 
EFTA00587929
--- PAGE 17 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 17 
from investment monies while her action is ongoing, this clearly impacts the plaintiffs 
decision of whether or not to settle the current litigation against EPSTEIN. As a result of 
the ongoing scheme, the plaintiffs in the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN may have been 
motivated to commit perjury or shade their testimony to gain the greatest return on the 
investment and to further promote the Ponzi Scheme. 
L.M. gave a sworn statement to two FBI agents and an Assistant United States Attorney 
on April 24, 2007 before she had hired Edwards and RRA. L.M. had a different attorney 
at the time she gave her sworn testimony. In April of 2007, she testified: A girlfriend 
introduced her to Epstein; she was told that he likes topless massages "but you don't 
have to do anything you don't want to do." p. 7; She was also told that "Jeffrey doesn't 
want any underage girls so make sure you tell him you're 18". p. 8; L.M. admits that she 
willingly took off her top the first time, p. 9., and at a later time took off all of her clothes, 
voluntarily. She admits that he said "But you don't have to do anything that you don't 
feel comfortable with." p. 10; Throughout the statement, she denies any force or 
coercion and specifically states that he never pulled her close to him in a sexual way, p. 
21. As to the other girls that were brought, including C.W., L.M. said that some of the 
girls were topless, and some were not and Epstein didn't mind, p. 23; she admits having 
brought approximately 30 plus girls to Epstein; she admits that C.W. was her baby's 
father's girlfriend at the time that she met her. She testified that "None of my girls ever 
had a problem and they call me. They'd beg me, you know, for us to go to Jeffrey's 
house because they love Jeffrey. Jeffrey is a respectful man." p. 31; L.M. testified that 
when she was seeing Jeffrey, she had a boyfriend who knew she was going to 
EFTA00587930
--- PAGE 18 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 18 
Epstein's home but he didn't care, his position (as was hers) was "bring home the 
bacon." She told all of the girls that she asked to come that they were going to give a 
topless massage. p. 44. "Every girl that I brought to Jeffrey, they said they were fine 
with it and like, for instance, C.W., a lot of girls begged me to bring them back." p. 45. 
Yet, when L.M. was deposed in her case (now represented by Edwards and RRA); she 
testified quite contrary to her sworn FBI statement: She has worked as an escort/call 
girl performing sexual favors for men since age 13 (she then asserted her 5l" 
Amendment privilege against self incrimination) making $200 - $2,000 a day; she has 
filmed herself in a sex tape; now that she knows she may be able to collect money from 
Epstein, she now claims she lied to the FBI and that Epstein is "a sick motherfucker." 
54. As a result of the fraudulent investment or (Ponzi) scheme, L.M. may have 
knowingly have compromised their alleged interests in the Civil Actions. 
55. ROTHSTEIN, BODEN, VILLEGAS, BARNETT, FISTEN, JENNE, L.M. and the 
Litigation Team knowingly and with the intent and ulterior improper motive to extort 
excessive monies from EPSTEIN, and ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE and the Litigation 
Team have pursued the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN in an effort to gain as much as a 
financial gain as possible in order to attempt to continue the fraudulent and illegal 
investment and/or Ponzi scheme. 
56. In furtherance of their illegal and fraudulent scheme against EPSTEIN, 
ROTHSTEIN, the Litigation Team and, at times, L.M. in the Civil Action against 
EPSTEIN: 
EFTA00587931
--- PAGE 19 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 19 
a) Included claims for damages in Jane Doe's federal action in 
excess of $50,000,000.00 rather than simply alleging the 
jurisdictional limits. 
b) Made Jane Doe available for TV media interviews without any 
legitimate legal purpose other than to "pump" the federal case for 
potential investors. 
c) Conducted and attempted to conduct completely irrelevant 
discovery unrelated to the claims in or subject matter of the Civil 
Actions for the purpose of harassing and embarrassing witnesses 
and EPSTEIN and causing EPSTEIN to spend tens of thousands 
of dollars in unnecessary attorneys' fees and costs defending 
what appeared to be discovery related to the Civil Actions but was 
entirely related to the furtherance of the Ponzi scheme. 
d) After EDWARDS was recruited and joined RRA in the spring of 
2009, the tone and tenor of rhetoric directed to cases against 
EPSTEIN used by attorneys EDWARDS and BERGER changed 
dramatically in addressing the court on various motions from 
being substantive on the facts pled to ridiculously inflammatory 
and sound-bite rich such as the July 31, 2009, transcript when 
EDWARDS stated to the Court (Mike to check this and 
transcript): "What the evidence is really going to show is that Mr. 
Epstein — at least dating back as far as our investigation and 
EFTA00587932
--- PAGE 20 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 20 
resources have permitted, back to 1997 or '98 - has every single 
day of his life, made an attempt to sexually abuse children. We're 
not talking about five, we're not talking about 20, we're not talking 
about 100, we're not talking about 400, which, I believe, is the 
number known to law enforcement, we are talking about 
thousands of children. . . and it is through a very intricate and 
complicated system that he devised where he has as many as 20 
people working underneath him that he is paying well to schedule 
these appointments, to locate these girls." See July 31, 2009 
Transcripts, p. 6, lines 18- 25, p. 7, lines 1 - 8. " . . . The age 
group begins as young as 12 years old and as old as 16 years 
old." p. 7, lines 19-20 See Composite Exhibit 3 hereto. 
e) As an example, EDWARDS filed an unsupportable and legally 
deficient Motion for Injunction Restraining Fraudulent Transfer of 
Assets, Appointment of a Receiver to Take Charge of Property of 
Epstein, and to Post a $15 million Bond to Secure Potential 
Judgment, in Jane Doe v. Epstein Case No. 08-CV-80893-
Marra/Johnson. The motion was reported in the press as was the 
ultimate goal (i.e., to "pump" the cases for investor following). 
However, the Court found "Plaintiffs motion entirely devoid of 
evidence . . . ", and denied the motion in toto. 
EFTA00587933
--- PAGE 21 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 21 
f) ROTHSTEIN told investors he had another 52 females that he 
represented, and that Epstein had offered $200 million to resolve, 
but that he could settle, confidently, these cases for $500 million, 
separate and apart from his legal fees. 
g) ROTHSTEIN and the Litigation Team knew or should have known 
that these three (3) filed cases were weak and had minimal value 
for the following reasons: 
(i) 
(H) 
L.M. — admittedly lied to the FBI and Assistant 
U.S. attorney in a sworn testimony; worked at 
numerous strip clubs; is an admitted prostitute and 
call girl; has a history of substantial illegal drug 
use; and asserted the 5° Amendment extremely 
during her depositions in order to avoid answering 
relevant questions. 
E.W. — worked at eleven (11) separate strip clubs, 
including Cheetah (7°) which RRA represented 
and in which ROTHSTEIN may have owned an 
interest; and E.W. also worked at Platinum 
Showgirls in Boynton Beach, which was the 
subject of a recent police raid where dancers were 
allegedly selling prescription painkillers and drugs 
to customers and prostituting themselves. 
EFTA00587934
--- PAGE 22 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 22 
(iii) 
Jane Doe (federal case) seeks $50 million from 
Epstein. She and her attorneys claim severe 
emotional distress as a result of admitted Jane 
Doe voluntary going to Epstein's home. She 
admits that there was never oral, and or sexual 
intercourse; nor did she ever touch his genitalia. 
Yet, Jane Doe suffered extreme emotional distress 
well prior to meeting Epstein as a result of having 
witnessed her father murder his girlfriend's son. 
Jane Doe worked at two different strip clubs, 
including Platinum Showgirls in Boynton Beach. 
h) Conducted 
ridiculous 
and 
irrelevant 
discovery 
such 
as 
subpoenaing records from an alleged sex therapist, Dr. Leonard 
Bard in Massachusetts; when the alleged police report reflected 
that EPSTEIN had only seen a chiropractor in Palm Beach named 
Dr. Baird. Obviously, no records existed for this alleged sex 
therapist, Dr. Bard, and the alleged subpoena for records was just 
another mechanism to "pump" the cases for investor appeal; 
i) Allowed a Second Amended Complaint to be filed on behalf of 
L.M. alleging that EPSTEIN forced the minor into "oral sex," yet 
L.M. testified that she never engaged in oral, anal, or vaginal 
EFTA00587935
--- PAGE 23 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 23 
intercourse with EPSTEIN and she had never touched his 
genitalia. 
j) Told investors, as reported in an Associated Press article, that 
celebrities and other famous people had flown on EPSTEIN'S 
plane when assaults took place. Therefore, even though none 
(zero) of RRA's clients claim they flew of EPSTEIN'S planes, the 
Litigation Team sought pilot and plane logs. Why? Again, to 
prime the investment "pump" with new money without any 
relevance to the existing claims made by the RRA clients. 
57. The actions described in paragraph 57 (for now pike to check later) above 
herein had no legitimate purpose in pursuing the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN, but 
rather were meant to further the fraudulent scheme and criminal activity of ROTHSTEIN 
so that he and others could fraudulently overvalue the settlement value of the claims 
against EPSTEIN to potential investors. 
58. ROTHSTEIN, BODEN, VILLEGAS, BARNETT, FISTEN, JENNE and the 
Litigation Team's actions constitute a fraud upon EPSTEIN as RRA, ROTHSTEIN and 
the Litigation Team represented themselves to be acting in good faith and with the bests 
interests of their clients in mind at all times when in reality, they were acting in 
furtherance of the investment or Ponzi scheme described herein. EPSTEIN justifiably 
relied to his detriment on the representations of RRA, and Defendants, ROTHSTEIN, 
ROSENFELDT, ADLER, BERGER, and EDWARDS, in how he conducted and 
defended the Civil Actions brought against him. 
EFTA00587936
--- PAGE 24 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 24 
59. As a direct and proximate result of the fraudulent and illegal investment or Ponzi 
scheme orchestrated by ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE and the Litigation Team and as 
a result of the litigation tactics undertaken by them, Plaintiff EPSTEIN has incurred and 
continues to incur the following monetary damages including, but not limited to, having 
to pay an amount in excess of the Civil Actions' true value as a result of them refusing 
to settle because a percentage of any payment by EPSTEIN may have been promised 
to third party investors; incurring significant additional fees and costs as result of 
Defendants refusal to conduct settlement negotiations in a forthright and good faith 
manner because any monies paid by EPSTEIN is in reality a promised return on an 
investment; and incurred significant attorneys' fees and costs in defending the discovery 
that was not relevant, material and/or calculated to lead to the admissibility of evidence, 
but was done for the sole purpose of "pumping" the cases to investors. 
60. EPSTEIN has also been injured in that the scope of the fraudulent and criminal 
or racketeering activity so permeated the RRA law firm that EPSTEIN has been 
prevented from fully and fairly defending the civil actions brought against him. In 
essence, the very existence of RRA was based on the continuation of the massive 
Ponzi scheme orchestrated by ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE and the Litigation Team. 
In order to continue to bring in monies from investors, ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE 
and the Litigation Team used the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN, along with other 
manufactured lawsuits, as a means of luring investors. 
EFTA00587937
--- PAGE 25 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 25 
61. ROTHSTEIN, BODEN, VILLEGAS, BARNETT, FISTEN, JENNE and the 
Litigation Team are liable for damages caused to EPSTEIN — individually, and jointly 
and severally. 
Count I — Violation of §§772.101, et seq., Fla. Stat. -
Florida Civil Remedies for Criminal Practices Act — 
Against All Defendants 
62. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates paragraphs 1 through 
as if fully set forth 
herein. 
63. RRA, ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE, the Litigation Team and L.M. each and 
collectively constitute an enterprise pursuant to §772.102(3), Fla. Stat. (2009). 
64. ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE, the Litigation Team and L.M. engaged in a 
pattern of criminal activity as defined in §772.102(3) and (4), Fla. Stat. (2009). 
65. As alleged herein, ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN and JENNE and the Litigation Team 
committed multiple predicate acts in violation of §772.103(1), (2), (3) and (4), Fla. Stat., 
including violations of Florida Statutes - Chapter 517, relating to securities transactions; 
Chapter 817, relating to fraudulent practices, false pretenses, and fraud generally 
(which includes L.M.); Chapter 831, relating to forgery; §836.05, relating to extortion 
(which includes L.M.); and Chapter 837, relating to perjury (which includes L.M.). 
Substantially more than two predicate acts (i.e., the selling of or participation of the sale 
of fabricated settlements outlined herein, including the Civil Actions involving Epstein) 
occurred within a five-year time period. 
66. As a direct and proximate result of ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE, the Litigation 
Team and L.M.'s violations of §772.103, Fla. Stat., EPSTEIN has been injured. 
EFTA00587938
--- PAGE 26 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 26 
67. Pursuant to §772.104(1), Fla. Stat., Plaintiff EPSTEIN is entitled to threefold of 
his actual damages sustained, reasonable attorney's fees and court costs, and such 
other damages as allowed by law. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff EPSTEIN respectfully demands the entry of a judgment for 
damages against all the named Defendants. 
Count II - Florida RICO -
"Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act" 
Pursuant to §§895.01, et seq., Fla. Stat. (2009), 
Against All Defendants 
68. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates paragraphs 1 through 
as if fully set forth 
herein. 
69. RRA, along with ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE, the Litigation Team and L.M., 
each and collectively, constitute an enterprise pursuant to §895.02(3), Fla. Stat. (2009). 
70. During all times relevant hereto, ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE, the Litigation 
Team and L.M. were and are associated with the enterprise, RRA, and each other. 
71. Defendants, ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE, the Litigation Team and L.M., as 
persons associated with the enterprise, RRA and each other (as an enterprise), 
unlawfully conducted or participated, directly or indirectly, in such an enterprise through 
a pattern of racketeering, § 895.03(3), Fla. Stat., as alleged above herein. 
72. The breadth and scope of ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE, the Litigation Team 
and, potentially, L.M.'s racketeering activity continues to be investigated by the FBI, as 
numerous civil lawsuits against some of the Defendants and others continue to be filed 
by persons who have been damaged. As of the drafting of this Complaint, criminal 
chargers against the Defendants have yet to be formally brought. 
EFTA00587939
--- PAGE 27 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 27 
73. Substantially more than two predicate acts (i.e., the selling of fabricated 
settlements outlined herein, including the Civil Actions involving Epstein) occurred within 
a five year time period. 
74. Pursuant to §895.02, Fla. Stat., ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE and the Litigation 
Team engaged in a pattern of "racketeering activity" through the commission of crimes 
as defined in § 895.02(1)(a)-(b), Fla. Stat., including Chapter 517, relating to securities; 
Chapter 817, relating to fraudulent practices, false pretenses, and fraud (including L.M.) 
generally; Chapter 813, relating to forgery; §836.05, relating to extortion (including 
L.M.); Chapter 837, relating to perjury (including L.M.). 
75. Pursuant to §895.05, Fla. Stat., Plaintiff seeks the following relief against 
Defendants, ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE, the Litigation Team and L.M.: 
a) Ordering ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE and the Litigation Team 
to divest themselves of any interest in the enterprise, RRA; 
b) Enjoin all Defendants from engaging in the same type of conduct 
and activities as described herein; and 
c) Temporarily enjoining ROTHSTEIN, the Litigation Team and L.M., 
from the continuation of the Civil Actions brought against 
EPSTEIN until criminal charges have been formally brought 
against RRA and/or any of the Defendants, such that EPSTEIN 
may be allowed to evaluate whether a stay or dismissal of the 
Civil Actions against him is merited. 
EFTA00587940
--- PAGE 28 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 28 
76. EPSTEIN further seeks an award of his reasonable attorney's fees and costs, 
and such other relief that this Court deems appropriate. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff EPSTEIN respectfully demands the entry of a judgment for 
the relief sought and damages against the named Defendants. 
Count Ill - Abuse of Process —
Against All Defendants 
77. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates paragraphs 1 through 
as if fully set forth 
herein. 
78. After instituting the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN, the actions of Defendants, 
ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE, the Litigation Team and L.M. as alleged in paragraphs 
through 
herein, constitute an illegal, improper or perverted use of process. 
79. ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE, the Litigation Team and L.M. possessed ulterior 
motives or purposes in exercising such illegal, improper, or perverted use of process. 
80. As a result of ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE, the Litigation Team and L.M.'s 
actions, EPSTEIN suffered damages. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff EPSTEIN respectfully demands the entry of a judgment for 
damages against all the named Defendants. 
Count IV — Fraud 
Against All Defendants 
81. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates paragraphs 1 through 
as if fully set forth 
herein. 
82. ROTHSTEIN, ROSENFELDT, FISTEN, JENNE and L.M. by and through 
Defendants EDWARDS, BERGER and ADLER, made false statements of fact to 
EFTA00587941
--- PAGE 29 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 29 
EPSTEIN and his attorneys and agents, known to be false at the time made, and/or 
intentionally concealed material information from EPSTEIN and his attorneys and 
agents, for the purpose of inducing EPSTEIN to act in reliance thereon. 
83. EPSTEIN did so act on the misrepresentation and/or concealment by incurring 
additional attorney's fees, costs, and expenses in attempting to defend the civil actions 
against him to the fullest of his abilities under the circumstances. In reality, because the 
Civil Actions against Plaintiff were being exploited and over-valued so as to lure 
additional investors, EPSTEIN has yet to be given a good faith opportunity for 
settlement and to attempt to extort as much money as possible from EPSTEIN to 
continue the massive fraud. 
WHEREFORE Plaintiff EPSTEIN demands judgment against Defendants for 
damages incurred and for any other relief to which he is entitled under the law. 
Conspiracy to Commit Fraud 
Against All Defendants 
84. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates paragraphs 1 through 
as if fully set forth 
herein. 
85. ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE and L.M. and the Litigation Team conspired to 
commit a fraud upon EPSTEIN. 
86. ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE, L.M. and the Litigation Team combined by and 
through concerted action as detailed herein to accomplish an unlawful purpose or 
accomplish some purpose by unlawful means. The unlawful purpose was, among other 
things, the orchestrating and continuation of the massive fraudulent Ponzi scheme and 
receipt of monies for the continuation of the scheme. The unlawful means includes, but 
EFTA00587942
--- PAGE 30 ---
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 30 
is not limited to, the use of the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN in an unlawful, improper, 
and fraudulent manner. 
87. As a direct and proximate result of ROTHSTEIN, FISTEN, JENNE, L.M. and the 
Litigation Team's conspiracy to defraud EPSTEIN, EPSTEIN suffered damages. 
WHEREFORE Plaintiff EPSTEIN demands judgment against Defendants for 
damages incurred and for any other relief to which he is entitled under the law. 
Jury Trial 
Plaintiff demands Jury Trial on all issues so triable. 
By: 
ROBERT D. CRITTON JR., ESQ. 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
(Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00587943

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587944.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587944.pdf
----------------------------------------
Flat 1, 
Telephone: 
Email: 
INVOICE 
TO: Profile 
c/o 
London 
REF: TO001 
2i15 November 2009 
Date 
Description 
Cost £ 
Weekly rental of room to 
04/11/09
Weeks 
15(1 
£450
and 25/11/09 
per week 
Total 
£450.00 
INVOICE TOTAL 
£400.00 
For BACS ayment: 
EFTA00587944

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587945.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587945.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Rothstein Firm Manufactured Cases to Sell 
A case was filed today in Florida State Court by Jeffrey Epstein, the Palm Beach 
Billionaire accused of soliciting underage girls, against embattled ex-lawyer Scott 
Rothstein and some of his former partners at Rothstein Rosenfeldt and Adler, P.A. 
The case presents a rare window into the various machinations and abuse of the legal 
system engaged in by the RRA firm. Not content with merely searching through people's 
garbage or shining laser listening devices on windows of executives in order to 
manufacture potentially lucrative cases of sexual discrimination, the complaint alleges 
that the firm misappropriated funds from unsuspecting investors to fabricate from thin 
facts in what could be highly emotionally charged cases that could be brought or 
threatened against wealthy defendants. Rothstein and RRA could then use anonymous 
filings, protective orders, and un-checked discovery tactics in those cases as an integral 
part of their scheme. They would entice unsuspecting investors with the prospect lending 
against large settlements, which they would claim were accomplished under the radar, as 
a married executive might not want his wife to know about an office affair, or an 
invented contactor had been desperate to protect itself from a potentially devastating 
whistleblower suit. Confidentiality agreements, and other various fraudulent documents 
would then be used to further these illicit goals. 
The investor was told that Jeffrey Epstein got a sweetheart deal. Rothstein and RRA 
would proudly display a copy of Epstein's deal with the government, that RRA had 
fought in court to unseal, ( already having their own copy ) , to show investors that the" 
big fish", as Epstein was described, had already agreed to settle cases. With this as their 
backdrop, Rothstein and partners lured investors into their quasi-legal extortion scheme. 
They needed a plaintiff that could be readily manipulated to create a case that would pass 
a frivolous suit attack; they would use the press and coach testimony that would pass the 
laugh test and then file suit. 
The Epstein cases were perfect. In September 07, the government had forced Epstein to 
waive liability to a list of unnamed girls, girls whose names would not even be given to 
Epstein until after he was incarcerated.. Rothstein and partners could use the fact that the 
girls were unnamed and claim that they represented many of these unnamed girls. They 
actually found three girls, but only in May of 2008, months after the deal was signed, and 
they were somehow able to have at least one of the girls added to the government's 
allegedly sacrosanct list. 
Funded by "investors", Rothstein and partners found women that had been to Epstein's 
house, and sent these women for the very first time in their lives to psychiatrists with just 
the right amount of coaching on how to behave. "Don't tell the shrink that you had 
worked as a call girl since the age of 15, don't tell him about your three pregnancies 
before the age of 18, and don't tell him of your arrests, your stripping, and your domestic 
abuse, but claim that Epstein is responsible for all the troubles in your life." If the 
women were questioned under oath, they were counseled to hide behind the right of 
clients not to be forced to divulge confidential (attorney/client privileged) information, or 
EFTA00587945
--- PAGE 2 ---
as it happened, if the questions got too close to the truth, they were instructed to claim 
their fifth amendment right against self-incrimination (this happened over forty times at 
the deposition of the first of RRA's clients). 
At the same time when Rothstein's fraud was unraveling, RRA sent a retired but 
disgraced police officer, representing himself as law enforcement personnel, to interview 
a myriad of famous people believed associated with Epstein. Brad Edwards filed suit 
under the name of Jane Doe, claiming that his now 22 year-old client needed anonymity, 
and obtained a no contact order from the judge, insulating the client from anyone that 
might want to speak with her out of earshot of her attorney. Money was just around the 
corner. All that was needed was to secure investors to fund the investigators, medical 
experts, and travel expenses of the attorneys, in exchange for the promise of outrageously 
large guaranteed returns. 
In Epstein's cases, represented by the law firm of Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman, 
LLP, during deposition, the plaintiffs admitted that they had been call girls and strippers 
since the age of 15. They had worked at various massage parlors, strip clubs, and escort 
services and one admitted to keeping a record of the payment of her Johns' fees in a lined 
book masquerading as a bible. Though this plaintiff changed her previous sworn 
testimony that Epstein was an "awesome man" that never did anything improper to her 
post lawyer testimony of "I was abused", she admitted having intercourse with many, 
many men, but not even once with Epstein. This plaintiff said she charged other John's 
up to $2,000 dollars a day during the time she alleges to have known Epstein. Though 
she said she did not want money, only justice, that was the same answer that all of RRA's 
clients gave. 
Protected from a defamation claim by the act of actually filing a lawsuit, protected from 
investigation by the attorney/client privilege, and protected from stray questions of 
RRA's clients by a no contact order from the court, RRA was free to call the press, in 
violation of local ethics rules. RRA was free to get its clients on television, admittedly 
behind a screen to protect the Jane Doe from unwanted scrutiny. It was free to subpoena 
friends and employees of Epstein to depositions for hours on end, though the plaintiffs 
were never mentioned once in those depositions. In those depositions, RRA asked 
intimidating and harassing questions about Epstein's finances and his friends Unable to 
dismiss these out of bounds subpoenas, Epstein's friends and employees sat for hours 
being questioned about their own lives, the RRA lawyers fishing for more cases that they 
could sell to their unsuspecting investors. 
The federal government is now trying to unravel Rothstein's looting of investors, maybe 
even the trust accounts of the firm, and will need to determine who else was in on the 
schemes. As with Madoff's case, it appears unlikely that this will be revealed to be the 
work of only one man. 
EFTA00587946

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587947.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587947.pdf
----------------------------------------
WORKING DRAFT OF ZWIRN CHRONOLOGY 
• 
Initial Fund Investments by FTC (Does not Include Investment in lanuary 
2005): 
o 4/1/2002 
$10 MM 
o 9/1/2002 
$10 MM 
o 12/1/2002 
$30 MM 
o 6/1/2003 
$10 MM 
• 
May 2003 Confidential Memorandum of the Fund. 
On page 14,"Although HCM (Highbridge Capital Management, LLC) is 
a Member of the Trading Manager, neither HCM nor Messrs. Dubin or 
Swieca have any authority or discretion over the operations or 
investments of the Trading Manager, the Fund, or the Non-U.S. Fund. 
Mr. Ziwrn has sole discretion for investing the assets of the Fund." 
On Page 16, The Trading Manager is responsible for all trading 
operations of the Fund. The trading Manager will, among other 
things, (i) make all investment decisions, (ii) monitor compliance of 
the Fund with all regulatory requirements applicable to its operations 
and (iii) retain brokers and borrow money on behalf of the Fund. 
• 
August 1, 2003 Agreement - relating to Zwirn's transition out of direct 
employment by Highbridge to serving as investment advisor of all of the 
Funds and a Highbridge managed account. See Harry Susman's brief Memo 
regarding this agreement which is attached. 
• 
As of January 1, 2004 Advisory Agreement, effectuating transition described 
in Zwirn's August 1, 2003 employment/transition agreement whereby HCM 
(later known as Dubin Swieca Asset Management, LLC - DSAM) delegates 
advisory responsibilities to D.B. Zwirn & Co. (DBZ&Co) as advisor to an entity 
called HCM/Z Special Opportunities, LLC and HCM will for four years 
maintain a minimum allocation of Highbridge Capital Corporation's assets to 
that entity equal to 7.5% of Highbridge Captial Corporation's NAV -
minimum allocation of $200 MM, but not required to allocate more than $500 
MM. However, the four year term of minimum allocation could be 
terminated early and withdrawals from the managed account would be 
permitted below the minimum allocation if and when there were $850 MM of 
net assets under management. A 1%/20% Management Fee/Incentive Fee 
structure (with a high water market on the incentive fee portion of the fee). 
Agreement is dated as of January 1, 2004, but makes some reference to 
Highbridge sale, so we believe and Davis Polk confirms it was signed later 
(though Davis Polk could or would not say when). Advisory Agreement 
contains provisions similar to those provided in August 1, 2003 
EFTA00587947
--- PAGE 2 ---
employment/transition agreement requiring Dubin to market interests in the 
Funds, consult with Zwirn on investment strategies and ideas, to provide the 
Funds with administrative advice and assistance in connection with matters 
such as consultation on operations, legal, accounting, prime brokerage, and 
investor relations issues. Note: As of March 24, 2004 [no way of knowing 
when these documents were signed] HCM (which becomes DSAM) is a 
limited partner of DBZ&Co. entitled to 46% of DBZ& Co's fees. That number 
drops down to 31% as of January 1, 2006 and 0% as of January 1, 2009. 
• 
March 24, 2004 - this is the date of amendments to the organizational 
documents for the Fund (Highbridge Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund, L.P.), 
the General Partner of the Fund (Highbridge Zwirn Partners, LLC), the 
Trading Manager of the Fund (D.B. Zwirn & Co., L.P.) and the General Partner 
of the Fund's Trading Manager (D.B. Zwirn GP, LLC). Pursuant to these 
organizational documents, HCM (which later became DSAM) was a non-
managing member of the Fund's General Partner, a limited partner of the 
Fund's Trading Manager and a non-managing member of the General Partner 
of the Fund's Trading Manager. In its capacity as non-managing member and 
limited partner of these entities, HCM (DSAM) received a percentage of fees 
which the Fund's General Partner and the Fund's Trading Manager collected 
from the Fund and a percentage of the fees which the Trading Manager (D.B. 
Zwirn & Co., L.P.) collected from the managed account of Highbridge Capital 
Corporation that was also managed by the Trading Manager. The March 24, 
2004 organizational documents reference the as January 1, 2004 Advisory 
Agreement 
The provisions of the organizational documents are essentially mirror 
provisions and collectively provide that beginning March 24, 2004, HCM is to 
be allocated 46% of the Incentive Fees and Management Fees collected by 
Highbridge Zwirn Partners, LLC (which later changed its name to D.B. Zwirn 
Partners, LLC - the General Partner of the Fund), D.B. Zwirn & Co., L.P. (the 
Fund's Trading Manager) and DB Zwirn GP, LLC (the General Partner of the 
Fund's Trading Manager). Thus, 46% of fee payments from the Fund and 
from Highbridge Capital Corporation's managed account that were paid to 
the Trading Manager and General Partner flowed through those entities to 
HCM (DSAM). That percentage is reduced to 31% on January 1, 2006 and to 
0% on January 1, 2009. 
To the extent that the documents confer voting rights on HCM, the voting 
percentage is less than 50%. Moreover, the documents provide that if the 
members or partners, as the case may be, cannot agree, then the decision of 
Zwirn Holdings, LLC as the Managing Member of the Fund's General Partner, 
and the managing member of the general partner of the Fund's Trading 
Manager, will prevail over any disagreement A March 2004 org chart that 
DKI previously prepared is attached for your reference. 
EFTA00587948
--- PAGE 3 ---
However, these organizational documents also contain provisions providing 
for Dubin's continuing participation. So long as HCM (DSAM) continues to 
own an interest in the Fund's General Partner and Trading Manager and the 
General Partner of the Fund's Trading Manager, HCM (DSAM) will use 
reasonable efforts to provide and will cause Dubin to be reasonably available 
to market interests of the Zwirn Funds and to consult with Zwirn on 
investment strategies, to provide the Funds with administrative advice and 
assistance in connection with matters such as consultation on operations, 
legal, accounting, prime brokerage, and investor relations issues. However, 
HCM (DSAM) has no authority to enter into agreements on behalf of the 
Fund's General Partner and Trading Manager or the general partner of the 
Fund's Trading Manager. 
Note that while the March 24, 2005 organizational documents provide for a wind-
down of DSAMs participation (to 0% in 2009), the January 1, 2004 Advisory 
Agreement does not contemplate withdrawals from the managed account until the 
end of the four year term (or at such time as there is $850 MM in net assets under 
management) and even then withdrawals under the Advisory Agreement are 
distributed over an extended period (potentially as long as 5yrs) and not 
immediately paid out Thus Dubin's claim that they began the process of 
withdrawing the managed account in 2004 is not correct. The managed account 
was first established at that time and was contemplated to remain in place for 4 
years or until $850 MM net asset mark was reached and even then would remain in 
place until all of the withdrawal proceeds were paid out. 
• 
October 2004 sale of Highbridge to JPM 
• 
October 1, 2004 Amendment to Amended and Restated Limited Partnership 
Agreement of Highbridge/Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. increasing 
management fee to 2%, "changes the name of the Partnership to change 
"Highbridge/Zwirn" to "D.B. Zwirn"" and changing the Partnership's address 
to 745 Fifth Avenue, 18th Floor, NY, NY 10151 
• 
November 2004 Supplement to Confidential Offering Memorandum giving 
effect to the amendments and changing the liquidity rights for new 
investments (on or after January 1, 2005) to three year lock-up 
• 1/1/2005 Fund Investment by FTC of $20 MM. 
• 
January 11, 2005 Letter Agreement between FTC and the DB Zwirn Special 
Opportunities Fund, L.P. This is the letter agreement that is at the center of 
the claims against Zwirn, Dubin and Highbridge. 
• 
April 29, 2005 request to redeem 50% of Highbridge's managed account 
EFTA00587949
--- PAGE 4 ---
• 
May 10, 2005 Consent to May 2005 Amendments Signed By JEE for FTC 
• 
May 2005 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement and May 
2005 Offering Memorandum of the D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund, 
L.P. 
• 
March 2006 -a verbal demand to redeem the remaining balance of its assets 
in the Highbridge Managed Account. 
• 
August 23, 2006 - HCM (DSAM) receives SEC Audit Request 
• 
From September 06 through May 30, 2007 Carolyn Rubin works with SEC 
examiners to complete SEC Audit of HCM. In Rubin's complaint against HCM, 
Dubin, Swieca and others, Rubin alleges that "Rubin was not informed of 
internal meetings and meetings with outside counsel, discussions and 
internal preparations involving oversight of sub-advisor DB Zwirn beginning 
in the Fall 2006." 
• 
September 24, 2006 Zwirn calls Jeffrey to advise that he is going to fire Gruss 
but it is not for material reasons. Jeffrey advises that he wants to redeem 
FTC's entire investment. 
• 
Sepetember 30, 2006. Gruss is fired. 
• 
October 5, 2006 Email from Zwirn to Dubin - Advising that the "personnel 
move" will be "out to employees" on Monday, October 9, 2006 
• 
First week of October, according to Alpha article, Zwirn informs employees, 
via group meeting and conference call that some irregularities had been 
uncovered in the firm's accounting by an internal controller at DBZ: 
o wire transfer from the onshore fund (in which FTC/Jeepers is 
invested) to cover down payment on the jet while DBZ waited for a 
loan to cover the cost 
o fees were taken by the onshore fund after they had been earned but 
before they were supposed to be distributed 
o unauthorized transfer of assets between the onshore and the offshore 
funds. 
• 
October 9, 2006, according to Alpha article, Zwirn announces that Gruss and 
the firm parted ways. 
• 
October 13, 2006 email from Dubin to Zwirn asking if Zwirn told people 
about the problems with a certain trader as well as about Perry Gruss 
EFTA00587950
--- PAGE 5 ---
• 
October 28, 2006, according to Alpha article, Zwirn calls investors to explain 
what happened. 
• 
October 28, 2006 email from Zwirn to Dubin updating Dubin about investor 
calls. 
• 
October 29, 2006 email from Zwirn to Dubin asking Dubin if Dubin has 
decided what he wants Zwirn to do about Jeffrey 
• 
October 29, 2006 email from Dubin to Zwirn advising Zwirn to call Jeffrey at 
the NY office tomorrow, October 30, 2009. 
• 
October 30, 2006, Zwirn call to Jeffrey to inform of "non-material" accounting 
irregularities, reported to be (1) a wire transfer from the Fund (DB Zwirn 
Special Opportunities Fund, L.P.) to cover a downpayment on his plane while 
DBZ waited for a loan, (2) fees taken after they were earned but before they 
were allowed to be distributed and (3) unauthorized transfer of assets 
between onshore and offshore funds. JEE catches Zwirn in outright lie, Zwirn 
claims it was on advice of counsel. JEE speaks to Zwirn and Zwirn's counsel 
(Harry Davis from Schulte Roth) about lie and JEE again demands to redeem 
FTC's entire investment in the Fund. [At this time, it is explained that Zwirn 
is trying to avoid a run on the bank which Jeffrey's withdrawal would 
precipitate. - Was it Davis who said that or Zwirn? Was Dubin on this call as 
well?) 
• 
November 13, 2006 email from Zwirn to Dubin advising that Zwirn spoke as 
calmly as possible to Harry Beller about lock-up facts and stating that it 
would be very good for you to call Jeffrey. 
• 
November 13, 2006 email from Zwirn to Dubin that Dubin should remind 
Jeffrey that Jeffrey made $47 MM with the fund. 
• 
November 13, 2006 call with Jeffrey, Dubin and Zwirn. Jeffrey again repeats 
that he wants to redeem FTC's entire investment and is asked not to redeem 
everything to avoid a run on the bank. [Jeffrey is asked to redeem $80MM 
and Jeffrey agrees to do so -- Jeffrey were you asked to redeem $80MM, 
asked to redeem half of your investment? Were any statements actually 
made that you would be allowed to redeem a particular amount? If so, who 
made the statements?] 
• 
November 13, 2006 $80 MM Withdrawal Notice. [Note that there is a draft in 
the file of a redemption request for $60MM. Did you originally instruct Harry 
to redeem $60 MM and then change mind?) 
EFTA00587951
--- PAGE 6 ---
• 
December 15, 2006 email from KF to Dubin advising that Jeffrey called and 
would appreciate it if you could wrap up Zwirn today. 
• 
December 21, 2006 email from KF to Dubin advising that Jeffrey called 
stating that Zwirn wants a release and that this is crazy. 
• 
December 28, 2006 email from Zwirn to Dubin asking if Zwirn should try to 
call Jeffrey 
• 
December 28, 2006 email from Dubin to Zwirn stating that Dubin would call 
Jeffrey 
• 
January 2007, according to Michael Carroll, Highbridge made a written 
demand to Zwirn for a liquidation of the Zwirn managed account 
• 
Subscription of Jeepers (required by Zwirn as a result of assignment to 
Jeepers) on January 8, 2007, effective as of January 1, 2006, upon the terms of 
the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, as 
amended from time to time, and the Confidential Memorandum (May 2005 
versions), as updated and modified from time to time, specifically excepting 
the application of these documents to the extent that they do not apply to 
FTC's interests which were acquired prior to the dates thereof and subjecting 
the terms of these documents to more favorable rights previously granted to 
FTC. These subscription documents specifically state that withdrawals and 
liquidity for Jeepers are the same as they were for FTC. 
• 
February 14, 2007, Zwirn conversation with Harry Beller regarding 
redemption rights, wherein Harry advises that Jeffrey could ask to redeem 
FTC's entire investment and Zwirn tells Harry that FTC has no right to do so. 
Zwirn sends Harry incorrect schedule of redemption rights and, as Zwirn is 
now claiming, contrary to his agreement in November 2006 to redeem 
$80MM, that Zwirn has no obligation to honor any redemption, it is decided 
to redeem entire investment 
• 
February 14, 2007 Notice of Complete Redemption referencing fact that 
Zwirn has attempted to assign withdrawal rights which are other than those 
provided in the January 11, 2005 letter agreement between FTC and the 
Fund and that Zwirn has failed "to resolve certain discrepancies raised by 
FTC's representatives regarding year end values in FTC's capital account. 
• 
February 14, 2007 email from Zwirn to Dubin advising that Harry demanded 
a complete redemption despite the fact that (according to Zwirn) he has no 
right to this. 
EFTA00587952
--- PAGE 7 ---
• 
March 26, 2007 Memo from Zwirn to Investors re Completion of Independent 
Review 
• 
March 27, 2007, Schulte (Mark Elovitz) letter to Darren Indyke claiming that 
the February 14, 2007 withdrawal notice was invalid because it was not 
given 120 days prior to March 31, 2007 as required by the January 11, 2005 
letter agreement and that the November 13, 2006 withdrawal notice was 
invalid because it was a partial redemption and the rights granted under the 
January 11, 2005 letter agreement only applied to complete redemptions. 
• 
March 28, 2007 telephone conversation between Mark Elovitz and Darren 
Indyke regarding Schulte response in which Elovitz advises that he will 
revisit the issue with Zwirn. Indyke sends Elovitz a confirmatory letter on 
that same date. 
• 
April 9, 2007 follow up letter from Indyke to Elovitz advising that Elovitz has 
not called Indyke back. 
• 
April 10, 2007 letter from Elovitz to Indyke citing the reasons in Elovitz's 
March 27, 3007 letter claiming that "Jeepers is not entitled to withdrawal of 
its capital account at this time", referring Indyke to the redemption schedule 
set forth in the March 27, 2007 letter and stating that "any prior 
communications between the parties did not alter the agreed-upon schedule 
for redemption." 
• 
SEC Deficiency Letter at the end of August 2007 - Letter pointed out issues 
such as oversight of "sub-advisor" D.B. Zwirn 
• 
September 07 - According to Michael Carroll, this is the date of a Settlement 
between Dubin and Zwirn. Michael Carroll has refused to allow me to see a 
copy of the agreement, so I am unable to verify the terms of the agreement 
According to Carroll, Dubin has deferred distributions of his allocated 
percentage of Management Fees and Incentive Fees due to DBZ&Co. (the 
Fund's Trading Manager) and DB Zwirn Partners, LLC (the Fund's GP) since 
2004. Carroll has advised that the Settlement Agreement was intended to 
provide for the termination of Dubin's interests in the Fund's Trading 
Manager and General Partner in exchange for the payment of some amount 
of deferred Management Fees and Incentive Fees due to Dubin. According to 
Carroll, total payments due to Dubin under the Settlement Agreement were 
$30 MM. Note that the Fund's Trading Manager is also the advisor of the 
Highbridge Managed accounts, so it is unclear whether this $30MM 
settlement also relates to "deferred" fees due from Highbridge managed 
account 
• 
October 2007 - Dubin receives $3.1 MM pursuant to Sept 07 agreement 
EFTA00587953
--- PAGE 8 ---
• 
February 2008 - Dubin receives $9.4 MM pursuant to Sept 07 agreement 
As of 1/31/09 - $17.5 MM was due to Dubin pursuant to Sept 07 agreement, but at 
the January 22, 2009 meeting at Davis Polk, Mike Carroll advised that Zwirn had 
already said that Zwirn will not pay. 
• 
Highbridge response to SEC Deficiency Letter sent September 26, 2007 
[Might be informative, we should try to get a copy.] 
• 
March 10, 2008 email from DBZ&Co. Investor Relations to Harry Beller 
attaching a March 7, 2008 letter from DB Zwirn Partners and DBZ&Co 
announcing dissolution of the onshore fund as of March 27, 2008 and the 
suspension of all withdrawals, but advising that limited partners that 
withdrew from the fund as of December 31, 2007 will receive 90% of the 
withdrawal payment within the next few weeks, while the remaining 10% 
would be paid following the completion of the 2007 audit. [We need to find 
out if any December 31, 2007 limited partners received payment as provided 
in this letter.] 
• 
June 30, 2008 redemption request by Jeepers. 
EFTA00587954

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587955.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587955.pdf
----------------------------------------
Edwards Rotorcraft Solutions, Inc. 
EFTA00587955

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587956.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587956.pdf
----------------------------------------
BILL OF SALE 
Dated: November 23, 2016 
Sold by: 
Sold to: 
Work Sold: 
CDECRE Artwork EAT LLC 
do Chicago Deferred Exchange Company 
135 S. LaSalle Street, Suite 1940 
Chicago, IL 60603 
The Haze Trust 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Artist: 
Georges Braque 
Title: 
Le Gueridon 
Medium: oil on canvas 
Size: 
x 13 in. 
Date: 
1911 
Signed: 
signed `Braque' (on the reverse) 
Purchase Price: 
$5,000,000 
$0 NY sales tax  (out of state delivery to Buyer) 
$5,000,000 
Payable in full: 
On or before 12:00 pm on November 23, 2016 
("Seller") 
("Buyer") 
("Work") 
("Purchase Price") 
Seller hereby agrees to sell the Work to Buyer, and Buyer agrees to buy the Work 
from Seller, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. Upon receipt of the Purchase 
Price in Seller's Bank Account (as defined on Schedule A) in good and immediately available 
funds on or before 12:00 pm Eastern Daylight Time on November 23, 2016, Seller will sell, 
transfer and convey to Buyer the Work, and all right to possession and all legal and equitable 
ownership of the Work, to have and to hold the Work unto Buyer, its successors and assigns, 
forever. Notwithstanding anything in this Bill of Sale to the contrary, if the Purchase Price 
is not received in Seller's Bank Account in good and immediately available funds by 12:00 
pm Eastern Daylight Time on November 23, 2016, the sale will be cancelled, title to the 
Work will not pass to Buyer, this Bill of Sale shall be automatically terminated and neither 
party shall have any further obligation or liability to the other. 
Seller represents and warrants that: (i) Seller is the sole and legal owner of the 
Work and has full right to sell and transfer title to the Work to Buyer; (ii) Seller has full right and 
legal authority to execute and deliver this Bill of Sale and to transfer exclusive and unrestricted 
possession to the Work and good, valid and marketable title to the Work to Buyer, free and clear 
of all claims, liens or other encumbrances; and (iii) the Work is the same work of art that is 
described above. 
Seller agrees to arrange for delivery of the Work to Buyer at Buyer's premises in 
Palm Beach, Florida. Seller's representations and warranties will survive completion of the 
EFTA00587956
--- PAGE 2 ---
transactions contemplated by this Bill of Sale and shall be binding upon Seller and its successors, 
assigns and legal representatives and shall inure to the benefit of Buyer and its successors, 
assigns and legal representatives. This Bill of Sale represents the entire understanding of the 
parties hereto, supersedes all other and prior agreements between the parties with regard to the 
Work and declares all such prior agreements between the parties null and void. The terms of this 
Bill of Sale may not be modified or amended, except in a writing signed by both parties. This 
Bill of Sale shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the 
State of New York without regard to conflict of law principles. Any dispute arising hereunder 
shall be resolved in the New York State Supreme Court, New York County, or in the United 
States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and the parties hereto consent to the 
personal jurisdiction of those courts. This Bill of Sale may be executed in counterparts, and 
delivered by facsimile or PDF, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have set their hands and seals the 
day and year first above written. 
SELLER 
CDECRE Artwork EAT LLC 
By: CDECRE, LLC 
Its: Sole Member 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
BUYER 
The Haze Trust 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
EFTA00587957
--- PAGE 3 ---
SCHEDULE A 
SELLER'S BANK ACCOUNT 
"Seller's Bank Account" shall mean the bank account indicated in the attached wire transfer 
instructions. 
EFTA00587958

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587959.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587959.pdf
----------------------------------------
DIVISION OF BANKING & INSURANCE 
DUE DILIGENCE CONTRACT INVESTIGATOR 
APPLICATION 
NAME:  
SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER:  
DATE OF BIRTH: 
ADDRESS:  
1. Have you been known by any name or names other than the name listed on this 
application? If so, please list them & the authority and /or jurisdiction date etc. 
where the change took place. 
2. Of what country are you a citizen? 
A. Please indicate the following: 
1. Place of birth (City, State):  
2. Country of birth: 
B. If you are not a citizen of the United States, please indicate: 
1. Port of entry to the United States: 
2. Name and address of sponsor upon your arrival:  
Page 1 of 4 
EFTA00587959
--- PAGE 2 ---
BACKGROUND INFORMATION 
3. Have you ever been arrested or charged with any crime or offense in any 
jurisdiction? 
Yes 
No 
If yes, please explain below. 
9. Have you ever been adjudicated bankrupt or filed a petition for any type of 
bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation under any bankruptcy or insolvency law in 
any jurisdiction? 
Yes 
No 
If yes, please explain below. 
10. Please provide Tax Clearance Letter. 
11. Please provide Police Clearance Letter. (Police Records Check) 
12. Check the appropriate boxes that apply to your experience: 
oprior local law enforcement 
ofederal law enforcement experience 
oregulatory experience 
oprosecutors, 
pothers with peace officer status. 
oaccountants 
informer non law enforcement regulators 
Give Brief resume of experience listed above: 
Page 2 of 4 
EFTA00587960
--- PAGE 3 ---
I certify that: 
I have adequate financial resources and the ability to perform the required 
services of any due diligence contract I receive from the Division of Banking & 
Insurance; 
I can and will comply with reasonably required or proposed delivery and/or 
performance schedules (taking into consideration all existing business commitments) and 
certify that I will complete my investigation and present my report to the Division of 
Banking and Insurance within 15 days of receiving a contract assignment from the 
Division. 
I have a satisfactory record of performance and all current business licenses as 
may be required by U.S. Virgin Islands law. 
I have not been debarred or suspended by the federal or U.S.V.I. Government for 
any work I have performed. 
Dated this 
day of 
, 201 
(Signature) 
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 
day of 
, 201_. 
Notary Public 
SEAL 
Page 3 of 4 
EFTA00587961
--- PAGE 4 ---
RELEASE AUTHORIZATION 
To all Courts, Probation Departments, Selective Service Boards, Employers, Educational 
Institutions, Banks, Financial and Other Such Institutions, Credit Agencies, and All 
Private or Government Agencies, federal, state and local, without exception, both foreign 
and domestic. 
On behalf of 
(Name) 
, have authorized the Virgin Islands Division 
of Banking & Insurance or its designee to conduct a full investigation into the 
background of the said enterprise, its principals, agents and employees. 
Therefore, you are herby authorized to release any and all information pertaining to the 
said enterprise, documentary otherwise, as requested by any agent of the Virgin Islands 
Division of Banking & Insurance or its designees. 
A photo static copy of this authorization will be considered as effective and valid as the 
original. 
(Signature) 
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 
day of 
201_. 
Notary Public 
SEAL 
Page 4 of 4 
EFTA00587962

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587963.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587963.pdf
----------------------------------------
DUE DILIGENCE REPORT TEMPLATE 
BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION OF (Name of Company) AND (Individual 
Owners) 
The Government of the Virgin Islands Division of Banking and Insurance (hereafter 
GVI) hired the undersigned firm to conduct a background investigation into the * (name 
of entity) and its owner, (name of owner). 
Description of IBE Business 
(reprint from Application and/or Business Plan) 
Methodology 
Contractor's experience as Investigator. Include sub-contractor's used on this Assignment 
and list their law enforcement or regulatory experience. 
The inquiry focused on the following subject areas: 
I. Is the applicant's business proposal consistent with the IBE Rules and the enabling 
legislation? 
2. Is the corporate and personal background of * and * acceptable for admittance into the 
IBE program? 
3. Has the Applicant provided a compliant anti money laundering program to comport 
with local and federal law to prohibit use of the IBE as a vehicle for money laundering? 
List the major group of databases used to conduct investigation as well as any 
supplemental personal interviews. 
1. Is the applicant's business proposal consistent NN ith the IBE Rules and the 
enabling legislation? 
Finding: 
• 
Investigator must analyze the statute and rules to determine whether the proposed 
business comports with the rules, regulations and intent of the program) 
• 
Investigator should review the tax analysis letter provided by the Applicant's 
attorney. Investigator need not opine on the tax letter other to make note of its 
EFTA00587963
--- PAGE 2 ---
inclusion.. A review of the tax letter should inform the Investigator whether the 
Applicant's proposed activities are consistent with the IBE statute. 
• 
A positive finding should be accompanied by the following statement: 
(Name of Entity)'s proposed business is consistent with the statute and the rules 
governing IBEs. 
2. Is the corporate and personal background of (Entity) and (Individual Owners) 
acceptable for inclusion in the IBE program? 
Finding: 
• 
Investigator must state what the investigator has done to analyze the business and 
personal background of the entity and its owner(s). 
• 
Investigator must state that he/she "has conducted a thorough background inquiry 
concerning the Owner's business and personal life." 
• 
"Over 
databases were queried. 
• 
"No/Yes material negative information was revealed during the inquiry. 
• 
"Owner does/does not have a criminal record and appears not to have (or has had) 
had problems with any regulatory entity. 
3. Has the Applicant provided a compliant anti money laundering (AML) program 
to comport with local and federal law to prohibit use of the IBE as a vehicle for 
money laundering? 
Finding: 
• 
Investigator must review AML Plan and state whether it is creates a satisfactory 
framework to prevent the use of the IBE as a vehicle for money laundering. 
In addition to the AML Plan, and in reviewing the Applicant's anatomy of a 
transaction, does it create the risk of any of the following suspicious activities? Note 
that the IBE will not have engaged in any banking business prior to the issuance of 
the Certificate and the Investigator should review the anatomy of a transaction to 
assess risk of the following. The investigator may wish to go over the following list 
with Applicant to alert the Applicant that these activities will be viewed unfavorably 
and that the Applicant has a duty to report suspicious transactions to the Financial 
Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), an agency of the United States Department of 
the Treasury. 
Applicant should be advised that: "Suspicious transactions are financial transactions that 
you have reasonable grounds to suspect are related to the commission of a money 
EFTA00587964
--- PAGE 3 ---
laundering offense. This includes transactions that you have reasonable grounds to 
suspect are related to the attempted commission of a money laundering offense." 
Wire transfers to/from questionable jurisdictions 
Use of offshore or shell banks, especially those located in bank secrecy havens 
Substantial deposits or withdrawals of large bills 
Use of couriers for bank transactions 
Exchanges of cash for monetary instruments 
Frequent internal transfers from account to account 
Small average balance in account, but frequent activity 
Numerous small deposits of cash, wires, monetary instruments or via internal transfer, 
followed by a large outgoing wire or vice versa 
Sending/receiving of wires with no apparent business purpose, to locations that don't 
make sense, or that are not consistent with customer's business or expected activity 
Unusual payoffs or large payments on loans with no reasonable explanation of the 
source of funds 
Cash secured loans 
Buying or renting goods, services, vehicles, accommodations with cash or by 
fraudulent means, or otherwise using false identification or indirect ownership 
Engage in sudden withdrawal of funds or closing of accounts with accompanying 
wire transfers to foreign accounts 
Sleeper accounts — dormant for long period & then sudden unexplained activity 
Mystery accounts — customer refuses to provide required info 
Multiple signature authority w/no relation between signatures 
Large cash withdrawals from businesses that don't use cash 
Note: Investigator must initiate query of the Applicant to inquire whether Applicant is 
familiar with the FATCA and OFAC regulations and is willing to comply with the 
requirements of each. 
4. Conclusion 
• 
Investigator must state whether Entity and Owner have good reputations, whether 
it appears that IBE has taken its regulatory responsibilities seriously; whether the 
Investigator believes the IBE will be a lawful compliant entry into the program. 
• 
Investigator must recommend IBE for admission or rejection. If Investigator 
recommends rejection, Investigator must itemize the reasons and document the 
evidence for rejection. 
EFTA00587965
--- PAGE 4 ---
ADDENDUM ON SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITIES 
For use by background investigator 
THE FOLLOWING IS ADAPTED AND REPRINTED BY PERMISSION FROM 
FINTRAC 
1.1.1 Indicators of suspicious transactions 
The indicators that follow are provided to help assess whether or not transactions 
might give rise to reasonable grounds for suspicion. They are examples of common 
and industry-specific indicators that may be helpful when evaluating transactions, 
whether completed or attempted. They include indicators based on certain 
characteristics that have been linked to money laundering or terrorist activities in the 
past. 
These indicators were compiled in consultation with reporting entities, law 
enforcement agencies and international financial intelligence organizations and were 
compiled by FINTRAC, a Canadian regulatory agency. They are not intended to cover 
every possible situation and are not to be viewed in isolation. A single indicator is not 
necessarily indicative of reasonable grounds to suspect money laundering or terrorist 
financing activity. However, if a number of indicators are present during a 
transaction or a series of transactions, then you might want to take a closer look at 
other factors prior to making the determination as to whether the transaction must 
be reported. 
The indicators have to be assessed in the context in which the transaction occurs or 
is attempted. Each indicator may contribute to a conclusion that there are reasonable 
grounds to suspect that the transaction is related to the commission or attempted 
commission of a money laundering offence or a terrorist activity financing offence. 
However, it may also offer no indication of this in light of factors such as the client's 
occupation, business, financial history and past investment pattern. Taken together, 
the presence of one or more indicators as well as your knowledge of your client's 
business or financial affairs may help you identify suspicious transactions. 
Some of the indicators provided could result in the transaction being aborted if the 
client requests a service that is prohibited by your business or by your anti-terrorism 
measures. Your policies, standards and procedures may already reflect these as 
inappropriate or questionable. 
Becoming aware of certain indicators could trigger reasonable grounds to suspect 
that one or more transactions from the past (that had not previously seemed 
suspicious) were related to money laundering or terrorist financing. For example, this 
could happen if it were reported in the media or some other reliable source that one 
of your clients is suspected of being involved in illegal activity. If this amounts to 
suspicion regarding a previous transaction with this client, you would have to report 
it to FINTRAC within 30 days of detecting this new fact. 
1.2 Examples of Common Indicators 
EFTA00587966
--- PAGE 5 ---
The following are examples of common indicators that may point to a suspicious 
transaction, whether completed or attempted as explained in subsection 3.2. Please 
read section 6 for general information about identifying suspicious transactions and 
how to use these indicators. 
1.2.1 General 
• 
Client admits or makes statements about involvement in criminal activities. 
• 
Client does not want correspondence sent to home address. 
• 
Client appears to have accounts with several financial institutions in one area 
for no apparent reason. 
• 
Client conducts transactions at different physical locations in an apparent 
attempt to avoid detection. 
• 
Client repeatedly uses an address but frequently changes the names involved. 
• 
Client is accompanied and watched. 
• 
Client shows uncommon curiosity about internal systems, controls and 
policies. 
• 
Client has only vague knowledge of the amount of a deposit. 
• 
Client presents confusing details about the transaction or knows few details 
about its purpose. 
• 
Client appears to informally record large volume transactions, using 
unconventional bookkeeping methods or "off-the-record" books. 
• 
Client over justifies or explains the transaction. 
• 
Client is secretive and reluctant to meet in person. 
• 
Client is nervous, not in keeping with the transaction. 
• 
Client is involved in transactions that are suspicious but seems blind to being 
involved in money laundering activities. 
• 
Client's home or business telephone number has been disconnected or there 
is no such number when an attempt is made to contact client shortly after 
opening account. 
• 
Normal attempts to verify the background of a new or prospective client are 
difficult. 
• 
Client appears to be acting on behalf of a third party, but does not tell you. 
• 
Client is involved in activity out-of-keeping for that individual or business. 
• 
Client insists that a transaction be done quickly. 
• 
Inconsistencies appear in the client's presentation of the transaction. 
• 
The transaction does not appear to make sense or is out of keeping with usual 
or expected activity for the client. 
• 
Client appears to have recently established a series of new relationships with 
different financial entities. 
• 
Client attempts to develop close rapport with staff. 
• 
Client uses aliases and a variety of similar but different addresses. 
• 
Client spells his or her name differently from one transaction to another. 
• 
Client uses a post office box or General Delivery address, or other type of 
mail drop address, instead of a street address when this is not the norm for 
that area. 
• 
Client provides false information or information that you believe is unreliable. 
• 
Client offers you money, gratuities or unusual favours for the provision of 
services that may appear unusual or suspicious. 
• 
Client pays for services or products using financial instruments, such as 
money orders or travellers checks, without relevant entries on the face of the 
instrument or with unusual symbols, stamps or notes. 
EFTA00587967
--- PAGE 6 ---
• 
You are aware that a client is the subject of a money laundering or terrorist 
financing investigation. 
• 
You are aware or you become aware, from a reliable source (that can include 
media or other open sources), that a client is suspected of being involved in 
illegal activity. 
• 
A new or prospective client is known to you as having a questionable legal 
reputation or criminal background. 
• Transaction involves a suspected shell entity (that is, a corporation that has 
no assets, operations or other reason to exist). 
1.2.2 Knowledge of reporting or record keeping requirements 
• Client attempts to convince employee not to complete any documentation 
required for the transaction. 
• Client makes inquiries that would indicate a desire to avoid reporting. 
• Client has unusual knowledge of the law in relation to suspicious transaction 
reporting. 
• Client seems very conversant with money laundering or terrorist activity 
financing issues. 
• Client is quick to volunteer that funds are "clean" or "not being laundered." 
• Client appears to be structuring amounts to avoid record keeping, client 
identification or reporting thresholds. 
• Client appears to be collaborating with others to avoid record keeping, client 
identification or reporting thresholds. 
• Client performs two or more cash transactions of less than $10,000 each just 
outside of 24 hours apart, seemingly to avoid the 24-hour rule. 
1.2.3 Identity documents 
• Client provides doubtful or vague information. 
• Client produces seemingly false identification or identification that appears to 
be counterfeited, altered or inaccurate. 
• Client refuses to produce personal identification documents. 
• Client only submits copies of personal identification documents. 
• Client wants to establish identity using something other than his or her 
personal identification documents. 
• Client's supporting documentation lacks important details such as a phone 
number. 
• Client inordinately delays presenting corporate documents. 
• All identification presented is foreign or cannot be checked for some reason. 
• All identification documents presented appear new or have recent issue dates. 
• Client presents different identification documents at different times. 
• Client alters the transaction after being asked for identity documents. 
• Client presents different identification documents each time a transaction is 
conducted. 
1.2.4 Cash transactions 
• Client starts conducting frequent cash transactions in large amounts when 
this has not been a normal activity for the client in the past. 
• Client frequently exchanges small bills for large ones. 
EFTA00587968
--- PAGE 7 ---
• 
Client uses notes in denominations that are unusual for the client, when the 
norm in that business is different. 
• 
Client presents notes that are packed or wrapped in a way that is uncommon 
for the client. 
• 
Client deposits musty or extremely dirty bills. 
• 
Client makes cash transactions of consistently rounded-off large amounts 
(e.g., $9,900, $8,500, etc.). 
• 
Client consistently makes cash transactions that are just under the reporting 
threshold amount in an apparent attempt to avoid the reporting threshold. 
• 
Client consistently makes cash transactions that are significantly below the 
reporting threshold amount in an apparent attempt to avoid triggering the 
identification and reporting requirements. 
• 
Client presents uncounted funds for a transaction. Upon counting, the client 
reduces the transaction to an amount just below that which could trigger 
reporting requirements. 
• 
Client conducts a transaction for an amount that is unusual compared to 
amounts of past transactions. 
• 
Client frequently purchases traveller's checks, foreign currency drafts or other 
negotiable instruments with cash when this appears to be outside of normal 
activity for the client. 
• 
Client asks you to hold or transmit large sums of money or other assets when 
this type of activity is unusual for the client. 
• 
Shared address for individuals involved in cash transactions, particularly when 
the address is also for a business location, or does not seem to correspond to 
the stated occupation (I.e., student, unemployed, self-employed, etc.) 
• 
Stated occupation of the client is not in keeping with the level or type of 
activity (for example a student or an unemployed individual makes daily 
maximum cash withdrawals at multiple locations over a wide geographic 
area). 
• 
Cash is transported by a cash courier. 
• 
Large transactions using a variety of denominations. 
1.2.5 Economic purpose 
• 
Transaction seems to be inconsistent with the client's apparent financial 
standing or usual pattern of activities. 
• 
Transaction appears to be out of the normal course for industry practice or 
does not appear to be economically viable for the client. 
• 
Transaction is unnecessarily complex for its stated purpose. 
• 
Activity is inconsistent with what would be expected from declared business. 
• 
A business client refuses to provide information to qualify for a business 
discount. 
• 
No business explanation for size of transactions or cash volumes. 
• 
Transactions of financial connections between businesses that are not usually 
connected (for example, a food importer dealing with an automobile parts 
exporter). 
• 
Transaction involves non-profit or charitable organization for which there 
appears to be no logical economic purpose or where there appears to be no 
link between the stated activity of the organization and the other parties in 
the transaction. 
EFTA00587969
--- PAGE 8 ---
1.2.6 Transactions involving accounts 
• 
Opening accounts when the client's address is outside the local service area. 
• 
Opening accounts in other people's names. 
• 
Opening accounts with names very close to other established business 
entities. 
• Attempting to open or operating accounts under a false name. 
• 
Account with a large number of small cash deposits and a small number of 
large cash withdrawals. 
• Funds are being deposited into several accounts, consolidated into one and 
transferred outside the country. 
• 
Client frequently uses many deposit locations outside of the home branch 
location. 
• Multiple transactions are carried out on the same day at the same branch but 
with an apparent attempt to use different tellers. 
• Activity far exceeds activity projected at the time of opening of the account. 
• Establishment of multiple accounts, some of which appear to remain dormant 
for extended periods. 
• 
Account that was reactivated from inactive or dormant status suddenly sees 
significant activity. 
• Reactivated dormant account containing a minimal sum suddenly receives a 
deposit or series of deposits followed by frequent cash withdrawals until the 
transferred sum has been removed. 
• Unexplained transfers between the client's products and accounts. 
• Large transfers from one account to other accounts that appear to be pooling 
money from different sources. 
• Multiple deposits are made to a client's account by third parties. 
• 
Deposits or withdrawals of multiple monetary instruments, particularly if the 
instruments are sequentially numbered. 
• Frequent deposits of bearer instruments (for example, checks, money orders 
or bearer bonds) in amounts just below 510,000. 
• Unusually large cash deposits by a client with personal or business links to an 
area associated with drug trafficking. 
• Regular return of checks for insufficient funds. 
• 
Correspondent accounts being used as "pass-through" points from foreign 
jurisdictions with subsequent outgoing funds to another foreign jurisdiction. 
• Multiple personal and business accounts are used to collect and then funnel 
funds to a small number of foreign beneficiaries, particularly when they are in 
locations of concern, such as countries known or suspected to facilitate 
money laundering activities. 
More information on which countries these characteristics may apply to can 
be found at the following Web sites: 
o 
The Financial Action Task Force's Web site (http://www.fatf-gafi.orq)
has information about non-cooperative countries and territories in the 
fight against money laundering and terrorist financing (see "High-risk 
and non-cooperative jurisdictions" section). 
EFTA00587970
--- PAGE 9 ---
1.2.7 Transactions related to offshore business activity 
Any individual or entity that conducts transactions internationally should consider the 
following indicators. 
• 
Accumulation of large balances, inconsistent with the known turnover of the 
client's business, and subsequent transfers to overseas account(s). 
• Frequent requests for traveller's checks, foreign currency drafts or other 
negotiable instruments. 
• Loans secured by obligations from offshore banks. 
• Loans to or from offshore companies. 
• 
Offers of multimillion-dollar deposits from a confidential source to be sent 
from an offshore bank or somehow guaranteed by an offshore bank. 
• Transactions involving an offshore "shell" bank whose name may be very 
similar to the name of a major legitimate institution. 
• Unexplained electronic funds transfers by client on an in-and-out basis. 
• Use of letter-of-credit and other method of trade financing to move money 
between countries when such trade is inconsistent with the client's business. 
• 
Use of a credit card issued by an offshore bank. 
1.3 Examples of Industry -Specific Indicators 
1.3.1 Industry-specific indicators 
In addition to the general indicators outlined above, the following industry-specific 
indicators may point to a suspicious transaction, whether completed or attempted. 
Remember that behavior is suspicious, not people. Also, it is the consideration of 
many factors-not any one factor-that will lead to a conclusion that there are 
reasonable grounds to suspect that a transaction is related to the commission or 
attempted commission of a money laundering or terrorist activity financing offence. 
All circumstances surrounding a transaction should be reviewed, within the context 
of your knowledge of your client. 
1.3.2 Financial entities 
The following indicators are for your consideration if you are an institution that opens 
accounts and holds deposits on behalf of individuals or entities. This includes banks, 
credit unions, trust companies and loan companies. 
Personal transactions 
• 
Client appears to have accounts with several financial institutions in one 
geographical area. 
• 
Client has no employment history but makes frequent large transactions or 
maintains a large account balance. 
• The flow of income through the account does not match what was expected 
based on stated occupation of the account holder or intended use of the 
account. 
• 
Client makes one or more cash deposits to general account of foreign 
correspondent bank (i.e., pass-through account). 
EFTA00587971
--- PAGE 10 ---
• 
Client makes frequent or large payments to online payment services. 
• 
Client runs large positive credit card balances. 
• 
Client uses cash advances from a credit card account to purchase money 
orders or drafts or to wire funds to foreign destinations. 
• 
Client takes cash advance to deposit into savings or checking account. 
• Large cash payments for outstanding credit card balances. 
• 
Client makes credit card overpayment and then requests a cash advance. 
• 
Client visits the safety deposit box area immediately before making cash 
deposits. 
• 
Client wishes to have credit and debit cards sent to international or domestic 
destinations other than his or her address. 
• 
Client has numerous accounts and deposits cash into each of them with the 
total credits being a large amount. 
• 
Client deposits large endorsed checks in the name of a third-party. 
• 
Client frequently makes deposits to the account of another individual who is 
not an employer or family member. 
• 
Client frequently exchanges currencies. 
• 
Client frequently makes automatic banking machine deposits just below the 
reporting threshold. 
• 
Client's access to the safety deposit facilities increases substantially or is 
unusual in light of their past usage. 
• Many unrelated individuals make payments to one account without rational 
explanation. 
• Third parties make cash payments or deposit checks to a client's credit card. 
• 
Client gives power of attorney to a non-relative to conduct large transactions. 
• 
Client has frequent deposits identified as proceeds of asset sales but assets 
cannot be substantiated. 
• 
Client acquires significant assets and liquidates them quickly with no 
explanation. 
• 
Client acquires significant assets and encumbers them with security interests 
that do not make economic sense. 
• 
Client requests movement of funds that are uneconomical. 
• 
Client makes unusually large hydro bill payments. 
• High volume of wire transfers are made or received through the account. 
Corporate and business transactions 
Some businesses may be susceptible to the mixing of illicit funds with legitimate 
income. This is a very common method of money laundering. These businesses 
include those that conduct a significant part of their business in cash, such as 
restaurants, bars, parking lots, convenience stores and vending machine companies. 
On opening accounts with the various businesses in your area, you would likely be 
aware of those that are mainly cash based. Unusual or unexplained increases in cash 
deposits made by those entities may be indicative of suspicious activity. 
• 
Accounts are used to receive or disburse large sums but show virtually no 
normal business-related activities, such as the payment of payrolls, invoices, 
etc. 
• 
Accounts have a large volume of deposits in bank drafts, cashier's checks, 
money orders or electronic funds transfers, which is inconsistent with the 
client's business. 
EFTA00587972
--- PAGE 11 ---
• 
Accounts have deposits in combinations of monetary instruments that are 
atypical of legitimate business activity (for example, deposits that include a 
mix of business, payroll, and social security checks). 
• 
Accounts have deposits in combinations of cash and monetary instruments 
not normally associated with business activity. 
• Business does not want to provide complete information regarding its 
activities. 
• Financial statements of the business differ noticeably from those of similar 
businesses. 
• Representatives of the business avoid contact with the branch as much as 
possible, even when it would be more convenient for them. 
• Deposits to or withdrawals from a corporate account are primarily in cash 
rather than in the form of debit and credit normally associated with 
commercial operations. 
• 
Client maintains a number of trustee or client accounts that are not consistent 
with that type of business or not in keeping with normal industry practices. 
• 
Client operates a retail business providing check-cashing services but does 
not make large draws of cash against checks deposited. 
• 
Client pays in cash or deposits cash to cover bank drafts, money transfers or 
other negotiable and marketable money instruments. 
• 
Client purchases cashier's checks and money orders with large amounts of 
cash. 
• 
Client deposits large amounts of currency wrapped in currency straps. 
• 
Client makes a large volume of seemingly unrelated deposits to several 
accounts and frequently transfers a major portion of the balances to a single 
account at the same bank or elsewhere. 
• 
Client makes a large volume of cash deposits from a business that is not 
normally cash-intensive. 
• 
Client makes large cash withdrawals from a business account not normally 
associated with cash transactions. 
• 
Client consistently makes immediate large withdrawals from an account that 
has just received a large and unexpected credit from abroad. 
• 
Client makes a single and substantial cash deposit composed of many large 
bills. 
• 
Small, one-location business makes deposits on the same day at different 
branches across a broad geographic area that does not appear practical for 
the business. 
• There is a substantial increase in deposits of cash or negotiable instruments 
by a company offering professional advisory services, especially if the 
deposits are promptly transferred. 
• There is a sudden change in cash transactions or patterns. 
• 
Client wishes to have credit and debit cards sent to international or domestic 
destinations other than his or her place of business. 
• There is a marked increase in transaction volume on an account with 
significant changes in an account balance that is inconsistent with or not in 
keeping with normal business practices of the client's account. 
• 
Asset acquisition is accompanied by security arrangements that are not 
consistent with normal practice. 
• Unexplained transactions are repeated between personal and commercial 
accounts. 
• Activity is inconsistent with stated business. 
• 
Account has close connections with other business accounts without any 
apparent reason for the connection. 
EFTA00587973
--- PAGE 12 ---
• Activity suggests that transactions may offend securities regulations or the 
business prospectus is not within the requirements. 
• 
A large number of incoming and outgoing wire transfers take place for which 
there appears to be no logical business or other economic purpose, 
particularly when this is through or from locations of concern, such as 
countries known or suspected to facilitate money laundering activities. 
Transactions for non-profit organizations (including registered charities) 
• Inconsistencies between apparent modest sources of funds of the 
organization (e.g., communities with modest standard of living) and large 
amounts of funds raised. 
• Inconsistencies between the pattern or size of financial transactions and the 
stated purpose and activity of the organization. 
• 
Sudden increase in the frequency and amounts of financial transactions for 
the organization, or the inverse, that is, the organization seems to hold funds 
in its account for a very long period. 
• Large and unexplained cash transactions by the organization. 
• 
Absence of contributions from donors located in Virgin Islands. 
• The organization's directors are outside Virgin Islands, particularly if large 
outgoing transactions are made to the country of origin of the directors and 
especially if that country is a high-risk jurisdiction. 
• Large number of non-profit organizations with unexplained links. 
• The non-profit organization appears to have little or no staff, no suitable 
offices or no telephone number, which is incompatible with their stated 
purpose and financial flows. 
• The non-profit organization has operations in, or transactions to or from, 
high-risk jurisdictions. 
More information on which countries these characteristics may apply to can 
be found at the following Web sites: 
The Financial Action Task Force's Web site (http://www.fatf-gafi.orq)
has information about non-cooperative countries and territories in the 
fight against money laundering and terrorist financing (see "High-risk 
and non-cooperative jurisdictions" section). 
FINTRAC issues advisories or notices concerning countries that may 
require special attention and increased diligence. These advisories are 
available on the Media Room page of our Web site 
(htto://www.fintrac-canafe.oc.ca).
1.3.3 Businesses who send or receive electronic funds transfers, or remit 
or transmit funds 
If you are involved in the business of electronic funds transfers or the remittance or 
transmission of funds, consider the following indicators. 
• 
Client is reluctant to give an explanation for the remittance. 
• 
Client orders wire transfers in small amounts in an apparent effort to avoid 
triggering identification or reporting requirements. 
EFTA00587974
--- PAGE 13 ---
• 
Client transfers large sums of money to overseas locations with instructions to 
the foreign entity for payment in cash. 
• 
Client receives large sums of money from an overseas location and the 
transfers include instructions for payment in cash. 
• 
Client makes frequent or large funds transfers for individuals or entities who 
have no account relationship with the institution. 
• 
Client receives frequent funds transfers from individuals or entities who have 
no account relationship with the institution. 
• 
Client receives funds transfers and immediately purchases monetary 
instruments prepared for payment to a third party which is inconsistent with 
or outside the normal course of business for the client. 
• 
Client requests payment in cash immediately upon receipt of a large funds 
transfer. 
• 
Client instructs you to transfer funds abroad and to expect an equal incoming 
transfer. 
• Immediately after transferred funds have cleared, the client moves the funds 
to another account or to another individual or entity. 
• 
Client shows unusual interest in funds transfer systems and questions the 
limit of what amount can be transferred. 
• 
Client transfers funds to another country without changing the currency. 
• Large incoming wire transfers from foreign jurisdictions are removed 
immediately by company principals. 
• 
Client sends frequent wire transfers to foreign countries, but does not seem 
to have connection to such countries. 
• 
Wire transfers are received from entities having no apparent business 
connection with client. 
• 
Size of funds transfers is inconsistent with normal business transactions for 
that client. 
• Rising volume of remittances exceeds what was expected from the client 
when the relationship was established. 
• 
Several clients request transfers either on the same day or over a period of 
two to three days to the same recipient. 
• Different clients request transfers that are all paid for by the same client. 
• 
Several clients requesting transfers share common identifiers, such as family 
name, address or telephone number. 
• 
Several different clients send transfers that are similar in amounts, sender 
names, test questions, free message text and destination country. 
• 
A client sends or receives multiple transfers to or from the same individual. 
• 
Stated occupation of the client or the client's financial standing is not in 
keeping with the level or type of activity (for example a student or an 
unemployed individual who receives or sends large numbers of wire 
transfers). 
• Migrant remittances made outside the usual remittance corridors. 
• Personal funds sent at a time not associated with salary payments. 
• 
Country of destination for a wire transfer is not consistent with the nationality 
of the individual client. 
• 
Client requests transfers to a large number of recipients outside Virgin Islands 
who do not appear to be family members. 
• 
Client does not appear to know the recipient to whom he or she is sending the 
transfer. 
• 
Client does not appear to know the sender of the transfer from whom the 
transfer was received. 
EFTA00587975
--- PAGE 14 ---
• Beneficiaries of wire transfers involve a large group of nationals of countries 
associated with terrorist activity. 
• Client makes funds transfers to free trade zones that are not in line with the 
client's business. 
• Country of destination for a transfer is not a member of the Financial Action 
Task Force or an FATF Style Regional Body. To find out which countries are 
members of the FATF, refer to its Web site (http://www.fatf-gafi.org). 
• Client conducts transactions involving countries known as narcotic source 
countries or as trans-shipment points for narcotics, or that are known for 
highly secretive banking and corporate law practices. 
1.3.4 Businesses who provide loans 
If you are involved in the business of providing loans (including mortgages) or 
extending credit to individuals or corporations, consider the following indicators. 
• Client suddenly repays a problem loan unexpectedly. 
• Client makes a large, unexpected loan payment with unknown source of 
funds, or a source of funds that does not match what you know about the 
client. 
• Client repays a long term loan, such as a mortgage, within a relatively short 
time period. 
• 
Source of down payment is inconsistent with borrower's background and 
income. 
• Down payment appears to be from an unrelated third party. 
• Down payment uses a series of money orders or bank drafts from different 
financial institutions. 
• Client shows income from "foreign sources" on loan application without 
providing further details. 
• Client's employment documentation lacks important details that would make 
it difficult for you to contact or locate the employer. 
• Client's documentation to ascertain identification, support income or verify 
employment is provided by an intermediary who has no apparent reason to 
be involved. 
• Client has loans with offshore institutions or companies that are outside the 
ordinary course of business of the client. 
• Client offers you large dollar deposits or some other form of incentive in 
return for favourable treatment of loan request. 
• Client asks to borrow against assets held by another financial institution or a 
third party, when the origin of the assets is not known. 
• The loan transaction does not make economic sense (for example, the client 
has significant assets, and there does not appear to be a sound business 
reason for the transaction). 
• Customer seems unconcerned with terms of credit or costs associated with 
completion of a loan transaction. 
• Client applies for loans on the strength of a financial statement reflecting 
major investments in or income from businesses incorporated in countries 
known for highly secretive banking and corporate law and the application is 
outside the ordinary course of business for the client. 
• Down payment or other loan payments are made by a party who is not a 
relative of the client. 
EFTA00587976
--- PAGE 15 ---
1.3.5 Life insurance companies, brokers and agents 
If you provide life insurance or annuities as your main occupation or as one of the 
many services that you offer, consider the following indicators. Client wants to use 
cash for a large transaction. 
• Client proposes to purchase an insurance product using a check drawn on an 
account other than his or her personal account. 
• Client requests an insurance product that has no discernible purpose and is 
reluctant to divulge the reason for the investment. 
• Client who has other small policies or transactions based on a regular 
payment structure makes a sudden request to purchase a substantial policy 
with a lump sum payment. 
• Client conducts a transaction that results in a conspicuous increase in 
investment contributions. 
• 
Scale of investment in insurance products is inconsistent with the client's 
economic profile. 
• Unanticipated and inconsistent modification of client's contractual conditions, 
including significant or regular premium top-ups. 
• Unforeseen deposit of funds or abrupt withdrawal of funds. 
• Involvement of one or more third parties in paying the premiums or in any 
other matters involving the policy. 
• Overpayment of a policy premium with a subsequent request to refund the 
surplus to a third party. 
• Funds used to pay policy premiums or deposits originate from different 
sources. 
• Use of life insurance product in a way that resembles use of a bank account, 
namely making additional premium payments and frequent partial 
redemptions. 
• Client cancels investment or insurance soon after purchase. 
• Early redemption takes place in the absence of a reasonable explanation or in 
a significantly uneconomic manner. 
• Client shows more interest in the cancellation or surrender of an insurance 
contract than in the long-term results of investments or the costs associated 
with termination of the contract. 
• Client makes payments with small denomination notes, uncommonly 
wrapped, with postal money orders or with similar means of payment. 
• The duration of the life insurance contract is less than three years. 
• The first (or single) premium is paid from a bank account outside the country. 
• Client accepts very unfavourable conditions unrelated to his or her health or 
age. 
• Transaction involves use and payment of a performance bond resulting in a 
cross-border payment. 
• Repeated and unexplained changes in beneficiary. 
• Relationship between the policy holder and the beneficiary is not clearly 
established. 
1.3.6 Securities dealers 
If you are involved in the business of dealing in securities, segregated fund products 
or any other financial instruments, including portfolio managers and investment 
counsellors, consider the following indicators. 
EFTA00587977
--- PAGE 16 ---
• 
Accounts that have been inactive suddenly experience large investments that 
are inconsistent with the normal investment practice of the client or their 
financial ability. 
• 
Any dealing with a third party when the identity of the beneficiary or counter-
party is undisclosed. 
• 
Client attempts to purchase investments with cash. 
• 
Client wishes to purchase a number of investments with money orders, 
traveller's checks, cashier's checks, bank drafts or other bank instruments, 
especially in amounts that are slightly less than 510,000, where the 
transaction is inconsistent with the normal investment practice of the client or 
their financial ability. 
• 
Client uses securities or futures brokerage firm as a place to hold funds that 
are not being used in trading of securities or futures for an extended period of 
time and such activity is inconsistent with the normal investment practice of 
the client or their financial ability. 
• 
Client wishes monies received through the sale of shares to be deposited into 
a bank account rather than a trading or brokerage account which is 
inconsistent with the normal practice of the client. 
• 
Client frequently makes large investments in stocks, bonds, investment trusts 
or other securities in cash or by check within a short time period, inconsistent 
with the normal practice of the client. 
• 
Client makes large or unusual settlements of securities in cash. 
• The entry of matching buying and selling of particular securities or futures 
contracts (called match trading), creating the illusion of trading. 
• Transfers of funds or securities between accounts not known to be related to 
the client. 
• 
Several clients open accounts within a short period of time to trade the same 
stock. 
• 
Client is an institutional trader that trades large blocks of junior or penny 
stock on behalf of an unidentified party. 
• Unrelated clients redirect funds toward the same account. 
• Trades conducted by entities that you know have been named or sanctioned 
by regulators in the past for irregular or inappropriate trading activity. 
• Transaction of very large dollar size. 
• 
Client is willing to deposit or invest at rates that are not advantageous or 
competitive. 
• 
All principals of client are located outside of Virgin Islands. 
• 
Client attempts to purchase investments with instruments in the name of a 
third party. 
• Payments made by way of third party checks are payable to, or endorsed 
over to, the client. 
• Transactions made by your employees, or that you know are made by a 
relative of your employee, to benefit unknown parties. 
• Third-party purchases of shares in other names (i.e., nominee accounts). 
• Transactions in which clients make settlements with checks drawn by or 
remittances from, third parties. 
• Unusually large amounts of securities or stock certificates in the names of 
individuals other than the client. 
• 
Client maintains bank accounts and custodian or brokerage accounts at 
offshore banking centres with no explanation by client as to the purpose for 
such relationships. 
EFTA00587978
--- PAGE 17 ---
• Proposed transactions are to be funded by international wire payments, 
particularly if from countries where there is no effective anti-money-
laundering system. 
The Financial Action Task Force's Web site (http://www.fatf-gafi.org) has 
information about non-cooperative countries and territories in the fight 
against money laundering and terrorist financing (see "High-risk and non-
cooperative jurisdictions" section). 
1.3.7 Money services businesses 
If you are involved in the money services business, including foreign exchange 
dealers, money remitters, issuers of traveller's checks, consider the following 
indicators. 
• Client requests a transaction at a foreign exchange rate that exceeds the 
posted rate. 
• Client wants to pay transaction fees that exceed the posted fees. 
• Client exchanges currency and requests the largest possible denomination 
bills in a foreign currency. 
• Client knows little about address and contact details for payee, is reluctant to 
disclose this information, or requests a bearer instrument. 
• Client wants a check issued in the same currency to replace the one being 
cashed. 
• Client wants cash converted to a check and you are not normally involved in 
issuing checks. 
• Client wants to exchange cash for numerous postal money orders in small 
amounts for numerous other parties. 
• Client enters into transactions with counter parties in locations that are 
unusual for the client. 
• Client instructs that funds are to be picked up by a third party on behalf of 
the payee. 
• Client makes large purchases of traveller's checks not consistent with known 
travel plans. 
• Client makes purchases of money orders in large volumes. 
• Client requests numerous checks in small amounts and various names, which 
total the amount of the exchange. 
• Client requests that a check or money order be made out to the bearer. 
• Client requests that a large amount of foreign currency be exchanged to 
another foreign currency. 
1.3.8 8.8 Accountants and accounting firms 
If you are an accountant, consider the following indicators when you are carrying out 
certain activities on behalf of your client. 
• Client appears to be living beyond his or her means. 
• Client has checks inconsistent with sales (i.e., unusual payments from 
unlikely sources). 
• Client has a history of changing bookkeepers or accountants yearly. 
• Client is uncertain about location of company records. 
EFTA00587979
--- PAGE 18 ---
• 
Company carries non-existent or satisfied debt that is continually shown as 
current on financial statements. 
• 
Company has no employees, which is unusual for the type of business. 
• 
Company is paying unusual consultant fees to offshore companies. 
• 
Company records consistently reflect sales at less than cost, thus putting the 
company into a loss position, but the company continues without reasonable 
explanation of the continued loss. 
• 
Company shareholder loans are not consistent with business activity. 
• 
Examination of source documents shows misstatements of business activity 
that cannot be readily traced through the company books. 
• 
Company makes large payments to subsidiaries or similarly controlled 
companies that are not within the normal course of business. 
• 
Company acquires large personal and consumer assets (I.e., boats, luxury 
automobiles, personal residences and cottages) when this type of transaction 
is inconsistent with the ordinary business practice of the client or the practice 
of that particular industry. 
• 
Company is invoiced by organizations located in a country that does not have 
adequate money laundering laws and is known as a highly secretive banking 
and corporate tax haven. 
More information on which countries these characteristics may apply to can be found 
on the Organisation for Economic Co-Operation and Development's Web site 
(htto://www.oecd.orq), by navigating by topic to locate "Tax" under the area 
heading "Finance". 
1.3.9 Real estate 
If you are a real estate developer, consider the following indicators when you sell a 
new house, a new condominium unit, a new commercial or industrial building or a 
new multi-unit residential building to the public. 
• 
Client arrives at a real estate closing with a significant amount of cash. 
• 
Client purchases property in someone else's name such as an associate or a 
relative (other than a spouse). 
• 
Client does not want to put his or her name on any document that would 
connect him or her with the property or uses different names on Offers to 
Purchase, closing documents and deposit receipts. 
• 
Client inadequately explains the last minute substitution of the purchasing 
party's name. 
• 
Client negotiates a purchase for the market value or above the asked price, 
but requests that a lower value be recorded on documents, paying the 
difference "under the table". 
• 
Client pays initial deposit with a check from a third party, other than a spouse 
or a parent. 
• 
Client pays substantial down payment in cash and balance is financed by an 
unusual source (for example a third party or private lender) or offshore bank. 
• 
Client purchases personal use property through his or her company when this 
type of transaction is inconsistent with the ordinary business practice of the 
client. 
• 
Client purchases multiple properties in a short time period, and seems to 
have few concerns about the location, condition, and anticipated repair costs, 
etc. of each property. 
EFTA00587980
--- PAGE 19 ---
• 
Client insists on providing signature on documents by fax only. 
• 
Client over justifies or over explains the purchase. 
• 
Client's home or business telephone number has been disconnected or there 
is no such number. 
• 
Client uses a post office box or General Delivery address where other options 
are available. 
• 
Client wants to build a luxury house in non-prime locations. 
• 
Client exhibits unusual concerns regarding the firm's compliance with 
government reporting requirements and the firm's anti-money laundering 
policies. 
• 
Client exhibits a lack of concern regarding risks, commissions, or other 
transaction costs. 
• 
Client persists in representing his financial situation in a way that is 
unrealistic or that could not be supported by documents. 
• Transactions carried out on behalf of minors, incapacitated persons or other 
persons who, although not included in these categories, appear to lack the 
economic capacity to make such purchases. 
• 
A transaction involving legal entities, when there does not seem to be any 
relationship between the transaction and the activity carried out by the 
buying company, or when the company has no business activity. 
• Transactions in which the parties show a strong interest in completing the 
transaction quickly, without there being good cause. 
• Transactions in which the parties are foreign or non-resident for tax purposes 
and their only purpose is a capital investment (that is, they do not show any 
interest in living at the property they are buying). 
• Transactions involving payments in cash or in negotiable instruments which 
do not state the true payer (for example, bank drafts), where the 
accumulated amount is considered to be significant in relation to the total 
amount of the transaction. 
• Transactions in which the party asks for the payment to be divided in to 
smaller parts with a short interval between them. 
• Transactions in which payment is made in cash, bank notes, bearer checks or 
other anonymous instruments. 
• Transactions which are not completed in seeming disregard of a contract 
clause penalizing the buyer with loss of the deposit if the sale does not go 
ahead. 
• Recording of the sale of a building plot followed by the recording of the 
declaration of a completely finished new building at the location at an interval 
less than the minimum time needed to complete the construction, bearing in 
mind its characteristics. 
• Transaction is completely anonymous-transaction conducted by lawyer-all 
deposit checks drawn on lawyer's trust account. 
The following indicators apply to real estate brokers and sales representatives. 
• 
Client sells property below market value with an additional "under the table" 
payment. 
• 
Client purchases property without inspecting it. 
• 
Client is known to have paid large remodelling or home improvement invoices 
with cash, on a property for which property management services are 
provided. 
• 
Client buys back a property that he or she recently sold. 
EFTA00587981
--- PAGE 20 ---
• Frequent change of ownership of same property, particularly between related 
or acquainted parties. 
• If a property is re-sold shortly after purchase at a significantly different 
purchase price, without corresponding changes in market values in the same 
area. 
1.3.10 
Casinos 
If you are engaged in the casino business, consider the following indicators. 
• 
Any casino transaction of 53,000 or more when an individual receives 
payment in casino checks made out to third parties or without a specified 
payee. 
• Client requests a winnings check in a third party's name. 
• Acquaintances bet against each other in even-money games and it appears 
that they are intentionally losing to one of the party. 
• Client attempts to avoid the filing of a report for cash by breaking up the 
transaction. 
• Client requests checks that are not for gaming winnings. 
• Client enquires about opening an account with the casino and the ability to 
transfer the funds to other locations when you do not know the client as a 
regular, frequent or large volume player. 
• Client purchases large volume of chips with cash, participates in limited 
gambling activity with the intention of creating a perception of significant 
gambling, and then cashes the chips for a casino check. 
• Client puts money into slot machines and claims accumulated credits as a 
jackpot win. 
• Client exchanges small denomination bank notes for large denomination bank 
notes, chip purchase vouchers or checks. 
• Client is known to use multiple names. 
• Client requests the transfer of winnings to the bank account of a third party 
or a known drug source country or to a country where there is no effective 
anti-money-laundering system. 
More information on which countries these characteristics may apply to can be found 
on the Financial Action Task Force's Web site (http://www.fatf-oafi.orq). It contains 
information about non-cooperative countries and territories in the fight against 
money laundering and terrorist financing (see "High-risk and non-cooperative 
jurisdictions" section). 
1.3.11 
Dealers in precious metals and stones 
Consider the following indicators if you purchase or sell precious metals, precious 
stones or jewelry. 
General 
• Client indiscriminately purchases merchandise without regard for value, size, 
or color. 
• Purchases or sales that are unusual for client or supplier. 
EFTA00587982
--- PAGE 21 ---
• 
Unusual payment methods, such as large amounts of cash, multiple or 
sequentially numbered money orders, traveler's checks, or cashier's checks, 
or payment from third-parties. 
• 
Attempts by client or supplier to maintain high degree of secrecy with respect 
to the transaction, such as request that normal business records not be kept. 
• 
Client is reluctant to provide adequate identification information when making 
a purchase. 
• 
Transactions that appear to be structured to avoid reporting requirements. 
• 
A client orders item, pays for them in cash, cancels the order and then 
receives a large refund. 
• 
A client asking about the possibility of returning goods and obtaining a check 
(especially if the client requests that check be written to a third party). 
• 
A client paying for high-priced jewellery or precious metal with cash only. 
• 
A client not asking for the reduced price or haggling over the list price. 
• 
Purchase appears to be beyond the means of the client based on his stated or 
known occupation or income. 
• 
Client may attempt to use a third party check or a third party credit card. 
• 
Funds come from an offshore financial centre rather than a local bank. 
• 
Large or frequent payments made in funds other than Canadian dollars. 
• 
Transaction lacks business sense. 
• 
Purchases or sales that are not in conformity with standard industry practice. 
Wholesalers and suppliers 
• 
Over or under-invoicing, structured, complex, or multiple invoice requests, 
and high-dollar shipments that are over or underinsured. 
• 
Unwillingness by a supplier to provide complete or accurate contact 
information, financial references or business affiliations. 
• 
Counterpart presence, such as an affiliated store or branch or associate, in 
non-cooperative countries and territories or country that is the subject of 
advisories issued by FINTRAC or the Financial Action Task Force. 
The Financial Action Task Force's Web site (http://www.fatf-aaft.orq) has information 
about non-cooperative countries and territories in the fight against money laundering 
and terrorist financing (see "High-risk and non-cooperative jurisdictions" section). 
EFTA00587983

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00587984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00587984.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 8/25/06 
Page 1 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
MAINTENANCE DOCUMENT 
GM Assign each item to be completed by Specific Date. 
MASTER 
WEEK 1 
VIP fire inspection document completed and faxed to Laurel, Gerardo and Gary. 
Follow up any problem. Keep records. 
Note: In case of inspection by the FDNY. E-mail the result of the inspection 
Keep copy and follow any problem. Send original to Seemoy. 
Exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction document. 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Once a monthly only on the IS  Monday water your main plant on the stairwell. 
Only pour small amounts of water around trunk of plant till base overflows then 
drain base and do it again. You must soak all soil since you only do this 1 time a 
month. Approximately 4 pitchers. 
Have all waiters bring all table adjustment feet to "0" and rebalance. 
Wipe down all Bar and chair legs, and table bases. Remove all gum from under Bar rail 
and under regular chairs and tables. (porter) 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Have dishwasher soap supplier, test machine with test paper to be sure proper amounts 
of chemical are being used. Too little --you won't pass BOH; too much --and you're 
wasting money. Review and check this with service man at time of testing. 
Have dishwasher decaled. They only need 1/6 of a gallon of chemical. 1 gal. = 6mos. 
Have the Sanolite technician fill the preventive check off sheet for dish machine and 
Follow any recommendations. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMalntenancethiwg1SWEr September.cloc 
EFTA00587984
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 2 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
inspect and keep organized soda room. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Have each manager on 3 different days go through 
garbage with dishwasher 
linen with busboy. Review findings with other managers and workers. 
Check all large folding tables for any necessary repairs or painting. 
Check plastic weave on café chairs for any rips or pieces of weave coming undone, can 
cause harm to clothing as plastic is hard. 
Evaluate any interior & exterior required painting. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
102006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWg- September.cloc 
EFTA00587985
--- PAGE 3 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 3 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
WEEK 2 
2nd Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Check and record stock of Matches amt. 
, amt. 
Comment Cards amt. 
and Amex Paper amt. 
Remove carefully glass shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. 
Replace glass carefully. _Main Room 
Balcony 
Jazz Room 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in a basket after two weeks 
discard shoes left in basket. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Confirm beer lines were cleaned in last 4 weeks. 
Inspect Clean and replace (if necessary) any white foam table padding. 
Inform maintenance. 
Check Weather Gear 
raincoats, 
winter coat (heavy) and it's clean, 
porters coat, 
gloves, _boots. 
Confirm speakers are positioned correctly on main floor and balcony. 
Check conditions of all wicker linen baskets, replace as needed. 
Pull out banquette seats, clean and reset glue traps and seal any holes. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMalntenancethiwg1BWEr September.cloc 
EFTA00587986
--- PAGE 4 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 4 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
 Banquettes and furniture inspection. 
Please inspect all your banquettes, look for rips, loose springs or if it is wearing out. If 
you need your banquettes repaired take a floor plan and mark the banquettes with 
damage and a small note explaining the problem. Then fax it to LIC to Gary A. Then 
follow up with an e-mail to Gary A. and Gerardo G. letting us know the problems and 
that you faxed the floor plan. Within a couple of days Gary should have a scheduled 
day for the repair. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWg- September.cloc 
EFTA00587987
--- PAGE 5 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 5 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
WEEK 3 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Clean out beer and wine in walk-in refrigerator completely. Clean racks and rotate 
stock. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Check and test Alarm System once a month. 
All Alarm buttons at--
a: 
Host Stand 
b: 
Behind Bar Upstairs 
c: 
Bar Downstairs 
d: 
Waiters Hutch Downstairs 
e: 
Host Stand Downstairs 
f: 
In manager office. 
Circuit board and key pad in manager office. 
g: 
Pendants 
Check managers' and chefs' phone and beeper numbers are correct. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
Check all coffee areas have a bang bar on a chain with metal cap. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
Any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMalntenancethiwg18W9- September.cloc 
EFTA00587988
--- PAGE 6 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 6 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
fJ2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UAA.aintenance,bwg1BWg• Septenther.doc 
EFTA00587989
--- PAGE 7 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 7 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
WEEK 4 
4th Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
See chefs maintenance notes: U:ANGLEMBWMKITCHEMCLEANING 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Discard old, torn, logo discolored & plastic inserts torn AMEX books and 
order new ones. The lead time is 4-6 weeks. 
Curtains in Bank Vault Room (clean as needed). Over cleaning will damage 
the curtains. 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in plastic crate. After 2 
weeks discard shoes that are left. 
Check all chairs and banquettes for rips, holes and burns 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Test all thermostats are at 720 and confirm auto mode (on thermostat) will call for heat 
or cold as needed. If problem, contact Arista. 
Check porters using drill bits on ovens to unclog jet holes. 
Test all "Bug & Fly machines". Make sure they are in proper working order. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
Any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
Confirm cleaning of all coils & drain lines in all refrigeration compressors. Follow coil 
cleaning document. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMalntenancethiwg1BWEr September.cloc 
EFTA00587990
--- PAGE 8 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 8 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Check all carpet on balcony and in Vault Room. Clean, if necessary. (Carpets should 
be cleaned 4-6 times a year approximately). 
Check if sidewalk area needs power washing. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
Maintenances man inspect and confirm all the chairs 
Have protective pegs under legs. 
Maintenances man scrape and remove gum on side walk, 
power wash side walk if necessary. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with ice. 
Check all café chairs. Send any with broken weave to be repaired at L.I.C. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancel0wgIBWEr September.cloc 
EFTA00587991
--- PAGE 9 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 9 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 1 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: 
_balcony 
_Jazz room 
Vault room 
Dust sofits 
Jazz room ceiling 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
on top of oil tank. 
inside refrigerator room 
by building boiler room 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition _in front of beer walk-in box 
_in ejector room 
in front of managers office _inside basement by water 
heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
_main kitchen coffee station 
necessary. 
at 4 ice machine 
main kitchen steamers 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMalntenancethiwg‘BWEr September.cloc 
EFTA00587992
--- PAGE 10 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 10 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 1 over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week -- Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling, especially over tables 65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of NC only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
On West end of café (near Union Square restaurant) clean 6" — high vent (lift cover); 
clean air curtain screen by back metal doors; clean 2 screens above. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancel0wgU3Wg- September.cloc 
EFTA00587993
--- PAGE 11 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 11 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Clean all smoke eater cells in 4 units for Jazz room: _2 over kitchen walk-in, 
over beer walk-in 
in main office. 
Clean outside vents on platform roof. (Stairs next to back door). 
_Makeup air — clean and replace filters 
_AC fresh air supply at far end 
_Check all timers for makeup air for kitchen hoods 
Clean motors behind convection ovens in lower kitchen. 
Oil, water pump and heaters in basement. 
Oil with WD 40 all door locks for doors and pad locks for walk-in box. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (BOH). 
Check all refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and on all walk-in box doors 
Check large folding party tables for any necessary repairs or painting 
Remove panel on glass wall in vault room and dust off back and front of wall. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for correct light levels. 
Check dimmer control zone charts are posted and all zones are marked correctly to 
zone chart. Don't change sitting without asking management first. Then adjust 
necessary document. All zone changes 5-7 minutes except for AM 
Clean and dust top pink ceiling in Jazz Room. Use lightly damp cloth. 
Dust and check lights on top level and lights on second level. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbw0Wg- September.cloc 
EFTA00587994
--- PAGE 12 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 12 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON - 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
X2006 8.R. Guest. Inc. 
UAA.aintenance,.bwg18Wg• Septenther.doc 
EFTA00587995
--- PAGE 13 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 13 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 2 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
_Jazz room 
Vault 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. Replace glass carefully. 
balcony Mezzanine 
under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
in front of beer walk-in box 
ejector room _in front of managers office 
inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine 
Vault room 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order _seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
_lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMalntenancethiwg‘BWEr September.cloc 
EFTA00587996
--- PAGE 14 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 14 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar A/C unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELA1BWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar _steps up to Jazz service bar area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean coils of all compressors: 
in compressor room 
above beer walk-in box 
_stairs in platform area 
NC for vault room. Blow out all drain lines for any 
type of compressors. 
Clean both kitchen coils for _salad crisper 
freezer _runners refrigerator 
in Main kitchen _refrigerator next to steamers in Main kitchen. 
Check NC Sprinkler system located in back alley to see if it needs to be drained. 
Check all faucets at all prep area sinks, all bathrooms (including employee bathroom), 
dishwasher area, pot washers and plumbing area in good order. 
Check floor drain covers in kitchen (under coffee area, dishwasher line, prep area, ice 
room bakery). 
Clean and polish all wood floors: _Main Floor. 
Check on both floors all sinks have drain cover screens and are screwed down at 
at bar sinks 
dish area sink 
_pantry area sink 
_pot sink in dish room 
_all oyster bar sinks 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMalntenanceltiwOW9- September.cloc 
EFTA00587997
--- PAGE 15 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 15 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Test all "Bug and Fly Machines". Make sure they are in proper working order. 
Check all smoke detectors are in working order: 
by locker area _coat check room 
_dry goods area 
sofit above lockers 
storage above prep kitchen. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMalntenancethiwg1BW9- September.cloc 
EFTA00587998
--- PAGE 16 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 16 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 3 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony _Jazz room _Vault 
Dust sofits 
Jazz room ceiling 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside refrigerator room 
on top of oil tank. 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
_in ejector _in front of managers office 
by building boiler room 
in front of beer walk-in box 
_inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
Main 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for correct light levels. 
Check bathroom have in proper order _seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dish washer clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
_lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:11AelntenancethiwgU3Wg- September.cloc 
EFTA00587999
--- PAGE 17 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 17 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 1 over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U;ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week -- Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling, especially over tables 65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of NC only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean and dust stereo units in all areas. (Use can of compressed air). Spray all NCR 
computers 
_Jazz room 
Main host stand 
_Bank vault 
Main stereo unit off coat check room. 
Oil, water pump for water heaters in basement. 
Downstairs 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwg18W9- September.cloc 
EFTA00588000
--- PAGE 18 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 18 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Check all exit lights and emergency lights are working (8 total) 
Upstairs: 
_door to back alley 
_door to main entrance 
_between tables #22 and #23 over café doors 
at base of stairs outside coat check area 
_over entrance to Jazz room 
_over exit to Jazz kitchen by bread station 
_outside dish room (hallway) 
_base of back stairs to upstairs kitchen 
Change oil in power sprayer. Use 30 weight non-detergent oil. 
Blow out: 
_all bar sinks 
_steam tables 
slop sink (in basement) 
_service ice bin in both bars 
_all 4 NC unit drain lines: 
_oyster bar 
_above beer walk-in 
_2 above fish walk-in) 
_both kitchen floors 
_blow out walk-in compressor drain 
_cappuccino drain 
_main and balcony bathroom sinks 
_pantry sink drain 
_inside of line refrigerators 
Check hinges on all doors at host stand and at all waiter service areas. 
Look at oyster bar glass. Replace sections as needed. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
 Paint large outdoor garbage area gate doors with black gloss paint. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Check with maintenance man all electric clock timers are all on correct times. 
Follow Master Doc. 
_exhaust main kitchen 
_makeup main kitchen 
(Located by staircase inside black cage on main floor). 
_exhaust prep kitchen 
_makeup air prep kitchen 
(Located on the south wall above traulsen refrigerator in prep kitchen). 
_each refrigerator compressor in the ejector room has its own timer. 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMalntenancelOw0Wg- Septem0et.tloc 
EFTA00588001
--- PAGE 19 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 19 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Check belts and grease bearings on exhaust and make up air. 
prep kitchen and 
main kitchen. 
Check you have backup fuses for main service and plastic fuse puller inside main panel. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
Confirm you have back up NC filters. If you need more ask manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have back up water filters. If you need more ask manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm you have the back up motor for the kitchen exhaust. 
Check you have backup belts 
exhaust 
_makeup air. 
Check bathrooms exhaust fans are working. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (B.O.H.). 
Check an refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and all walk-in box doors. 
Confirm dish machine exhaust is working properly. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenencelbwgIBWg- September.cloc 
EFTA00588002
--- PAGE 20 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 20 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 4 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
Vault Room 
Confirm all mirrors are level in Jazz Room. 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace glass carefully. _balcony Mezzanine _under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
in front of beer walk-in box 
ejector room _in front of managers office 
inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz room. 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order _seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMalntenancethiwg1BWct- September.cloc 
EFTA00588003
--- PAGE 21 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 21 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar A/C unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week -- Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Check all strainers are in place on all floor and sink drains. 
Check bus station stands: 
rubber feet 
_cloth band not frayed. 
Check bottoms of all chairs and bar stools to be sure all plastic pegs are in place. 
Reset nails. 
Check pole and top of stairs holding up balcony is clean or if it needs to be repainted. 
Check molding and doors of linen cabinet under stairs to see if it needs painting. 
Wipe down all speaker wires on balcony. Remove all dust. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelOwgIBW9- September.cloc 
EFTA00588004
--- PAGE 22 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 22 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Spray for bugs around 
all motor and compressors 
cappuccino machine (and 
water pumps) _compressors on all refrigerators that have self-contained compressors 
_glass freezers at bar area _dish machine, remove cover and spray around 
motors. 
Windex all windows. 
Clean all wall sconces and chandeliers. DO NOT SPIN. BE VERY CAREFUL. 
Confirm backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm all CO2 and Nitrogen tanks are chained up. 
Reverse Jazz Room curtains (e.g. Curtain B). The following month 
change to new curtain (e.g. Curtain A). Dry clean old curtain (Curtain B). 
Have office give information, for example cost. 
Advise office of any problems that may arise. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with ice. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
102006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWg- September.cloc 
EFTA00588005
--- PAGE 23 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 23 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
PORTER 
WEEK 1 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwg‘BW9- September.cloc 
EFTA00588006
--- PAGE 24 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 24 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16'" Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelOw0Wg- September.cloc 
EFTA00588007
--- PAGE 25 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 25 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
2006 B R Guest. Inc. 
UMAainienance,.bwgIEIWg• Sepienther.doc 
EFTA00588008
--- PAGE 26 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 26 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
PORTER 
WEEK 2 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwg‘BW9- September.cloc 
EFTA00588009
--- PAGE 27 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 27 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16'" Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelOw0Wg- September.cloc 
EFTA00588010
--- PAGE 28 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 28 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 718-706-9827 BY SUNDAY W/E 
fJ2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UAA.aintenance,bwg1BWg• Septenther.doc 
EFTA00588011
--- PAGE 29 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 29 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
PORTER 
WEEK 3 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbw0Wg- September.cloc 
EFTA00588012
--- PAGE 30 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 30 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
161h Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMalntenancethiwg‘BW9- September.cloc 
EFTA00588013
--- PAGE 31 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 31 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Votaintenancel0wgIBWEr September.cloc 
EFTA00588014
--- PAGE 32 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 32 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
PORTER 
WEEK 4 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgU3Wg- September.cloc 
EFTA00588015
--- PAGE 33 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 33 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
161h Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMalntenancethiwg‘BW9- September.cloc 
EFTA00588016
--- PAGE 34 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 34 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
if.2006 8.R. Guest. Inc. 
U: PAaintenancel.bwg18Wg. September.doc 
EFTA00588017
--- PAGE 35 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 35 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
FIRE INSPECTION DOCUMENT 
This report most be completed and fax it to the Maintenance department office the first week 
of each month. 
Note: Manager with the help of the maintenance man completed the inspection sheet. 
Date of inspection on the line. 
 Fire extinguisher check off list. Confirm with maintenance all fire extinguishers 
are in correct order and back of tag signed (follow check of sheet). 
 Inspection suppression systems (Ansul system) "TAG" is up to date. 
 Confirm Ansul pipes are in position and have caps. 
 Confirm the Deep fry has a divider panel at least 16" high. 
 Confirm we have at list one extinguisher class K in each kitchen. 
 Confirm instructions how to operated Ansul system are posted in kitchens. 
 Confirm duct diagram is posted next to Ansul system. FIRE DEPT. (MO) 
O 15t floor 
O 3rd floor 
O Banquets 
O Green room 
Confirm Certificate of inspection for your Ansul system is on file could be Sentinel or Ideal. 
Exhaust hood sticker is updated and posted to each hood (cleaning service tag) 
Inspect hood filters confirm that there is not one missing. 
Inspection and test of emergency lights and exit lights. 
Confirm all exit doors are clear (adequate egress) 
Confirm you have a copy of PA plans on file. 
Confirm you have in file and updated inspection log of sprinkler, standpipe and 
fire alarm if apply. 
Inspection and test of smoke detector in storage area if apply. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMalntenancelbwgU3Wg- September.cloc 
EFTA00588018
--- PAGE 36 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 36 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Nuco2 
Confirm tank is chain to the wall. 
 Certificate of fitness for the driver is posted at the tank 
 Affidavit of installation (must have a copy in manager's office) 
 Log sheet posted on the tank, date for service, pressure test and driver number. 
yr pressure test on file in office. 
 Sings posted (Warning CO2, Caution Carbon Dioxide sticker and Certificate 
of approval sticker on tank) 
Air Conditioning confirms. 
Permits and specifications for each unit. 
OTHERS 
Open flame permits on file and update. 
Flame retarded permits for curtain, ceiling fabrics and furniture covers on file and update. 
Neon permits on file and update "if apply". 
Comments and notes: 
Fax this report to 212- 679-0996. 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenencelOwgIBWEr September.cloc 
EFTA00588019
--- PAGE 37 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 37 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
DISH MACHINE INSPECTION DOC. 
RESTAURANT 
DATE. 
VIP- HAND INSPECTION DOCUMENT TO SANOLITE TECH 
MANAGER: FOLLOW UP ANY PROBLEM AND CONFIRMED IT GET RESOLVED, WRITE NOTE 
OR COMMENTS BEFORE YOU FAX IT. 
MINIMUM TEMPERATURES BY THE BOH. 
WASHE TEMPERATURE 160°. RINSE TEMPERATURE 180°. 
WASH 
. RINSE. 
PROBLEMS 
CHEMICAL DISPENSER OPERATING PROPERLY 
YES 
, NOT 
,PROBLEM 
WASH AND RINSE ARMS INSPECTION. 
WASH 
, RINSE 
,PROBLEM 
WASH ASSEMBLY. 
RINSE PRESSURE 
CHECK GAGE CONDITIONS. 
INCOMING WATER 
RINSE 
MOTORS CONDITIONS AND SEALS. 
WASH MOTOR 
SEAL. 
RINSE MOTOR 
SEAL. 
CONVEYORS DRIVE 
RINSE DRAIN CLEAR. 
CURTAINS CONDITION BETWEEN TANKS. 
DO YOU SEE ANY LEAK 
? WHERE.  
TEST LEVELS OF M. IN THE MACHINE. 
CHEMICAL EXPLICATION CHARD POSTED 
OTHER CHEMICAL DISPENSERS. 
DISPENSER POT SINK WASHES. 
DISPENSER FOR PRESOAKING SILVERWARE. 
CHEMICAL FOR GREASE TRAPS. 
MACHINE NEED TO BE DESCALED YES 
. NO 
COMMENTS AND ACTIONS TAKE IT. 
FAX TO GERARDO G. (212) 679-0996 
TECH NAME 
. MANAGERS 
CO2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
11:1Malntenancelbwg BWEt- September.doc 
EFTA00588020
--- PAGE 38 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 38 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
FIRE EXTINGUISHER CHECK OFF LIST 
DATE: 
RESTAURANT: 
After this report has been filled out, please fax to LIC operations at 718-706-9827. 
LIC. Operations will follow any issue or schedule with the fire preventive company. 
Check all fire extinguishers have proper fire inspection tags on them and are not expired. Initial and 
date the back of the tag under "Monthly Inspection Record". Follow "Fire Extinguisher Check 
Off List" to confirm extinguisher are in assigned places. When sending fire extinguishers out 
for service, you must put the stores name on the bottom in black magic marker. 
Area 
Qty. 
ID# 
Location 
Type 
Missing 
Tag 
Everything 
O.K. 
Need 
refill 
Unit 
Missing 
Dining Room 
Service Bar 
(A) Water 
Hasstess 
(A) Water 
Raw Bar 
(A) Water 
Main Kitchen 
Entrance 
BC 
Exit Door 
BC 
Exit Door 
Class (K) 
Prep Kitchen 
Entrance 
BC 
Entrance 
Class (K) 
East Wall 
BC 
Dry Goods 
Storage 
Metro Shelve 
ABC 
Locker Area 
Entrance 
ABC 
Back 
ABC 
Coat Check 
Entrance 
ABC 
Manager Office 
Entrance 
ABC 
Vault Room 
Entrance 
(A) Water 
Mezzanine 
Waitress Station 
(A) Water 
Jazz Room 
Brad Station 
(A) Water 
Waiter Latch 
(A) Water 
Closet 
(A) Water 
Dishroom 
Entrance 
ABC 
Boiler Room 
Next to heaters 
ABC 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:klitaintenancel.bwg1SWg- September.doc 
EFTA00588021
--- PAGE 39 ---
As of 8/25/06 
Page 39 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
REFRIGERATION COILS CLEANING PROCEDURES 
Coils must be clean and maintained in proper order monthly. This will assure the proper 
functionality of the refrigeration equipment, reducing costly repairs and also reduce energy 
consume. 
Maintenances man needs to have the following items. Plastic brush, coil cleaner, spray bottle. 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
1. In the spray bottle mix water and 4 oz. of coil cleaner. 
2. Turn OFF the compressor. 
3. Once the compressor is OFF spray the formula on the coil and let it work for at list 5 
minutes, repeat spraying, once the grease is loose clean the front of the coil from the 
top to the bottom with the plastic brush. Repeat this operation until the coil is totally 
clean. 
4. When you finish make sure to turn ON the compressor. 
NOTE: Each compressor takes about 15 to 20 minutes to clean. 
All compressors need to be clean, including the refrigeration units that do not have cooling 
coil. (Water cooling units, self contain or remote compressors). 
VIP Report any problem with compressor to managers. Be specific. 
Refrigeration unit 
Num# Unit description 
System 
type 
Compressors 
location 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:\PAaintenance,.bwgIEIWg- September.doc 
EFTA00588022

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588023.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 1/29/07 
Page 1 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
MAINTENANCE DOCUMENT 
GM Assign each item to be completed by Specific Date. No B/S. 
MASTER 
WEEK 1 
VIP fire inspection document completed and faxed to Laurel, Gerardo and Gary. 
Follow up any problem. Keep records. 
Note: In case of inspection by the FDNY. E-mail the result of the inspection 
Keep copy and follow any problem. Send original to Seemoy. 
Exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction document. 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Once a monthly only on the 1m Monday water your main plant on the stairwell. 
Only pour small amounts of water around trunk of plant till base overflows then 
drain base and do it again. You must soak all soil since you only do this 1 time a 
month. Approximately 4 pitchers. 
Have all waiters bring all table adjustment feet to "0" and rebalance. 
Wipe down all Bar and chair legs, and table bases. Remove all gum from under Bar rail 
and under regular chairs and tables. (porter) 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Have dishwasher soap supplier, test machine with test paper to be sure proper amounts 
of chemical are being used. Too little --you won't pass BOH; too much --and you're 
wasting money. Review and check this with service man at time of testing. 
Have dishwasher decaled. They only need 1/6 of a gallon of chemical. 1 gal. = 6mos. 
Have the Sanolite technician fill the preventive check off sheet for dish machine and 
Follow any recommendations. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Inspect and keep organized soda room. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UMEtintenancelbw0E- December.doc 
EFTA00588023
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 1/29/07 
Page 2 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Have each manager on 3 different days go through 
garbage with dishwasher 
linen with busboy. Review findings with other managers and workers. 
Check all large folding tables for any necessary repairs or painting. 
Check plastic weave on café chairs for any rips or pieces of weave coming undone, can 
cause harm to clothing as plastic is hard. 
Evaluate any interior & exterior required painting. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UMEtintenancelbw0E- December.doc 
EFTA00588024
--- PAGE 3 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 3 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
WEEK 2 
2nd Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room _Vault Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Check and record stock of Matches amt. 
, amt. 
Comment Cards amt. 
and Amex Paper amt. 
Remove carefully glass shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. 
Replace glass carefully. _Main Room 
Balcony 
Jazz Room 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in a basket after two weeks 
discard shoes left in basket. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Confirm beer lines were cleaned in last 4 weeks. 
Inspect Clean and replace (if necessary) any white foam table padding. 
Inform maintenance. 
Check Weather Gear 
raincoats, 
winter coat (heavy) and it's clean, 
porters coat, 
gloves, 
boots. 
Confirm speakers are positioned correctly on main floor and balcony. 
Check conditions of all wicker linen baskets, replace as needed. 
Pull out banquette seats, clean and reset glue traps and seal any holes. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588025
--- PAGE 4 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 4 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
 Banquettes and furniture inspection. 
Please inspect all your banquettes, look for rips, loose springs or if it is wearing out. If 
you need your banquettes repaired take a floor plan and mark the banquettes with 
damage and a small note explaining the problem. Then fax it to LIC to Gary A. Then 
follow up with an e-mail to Gary A. and Gerardo G. letting us know the problems and 
that you faxed the floor plan. Within a couple of days Gary should have a scheduled 
day for the repair. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588026
--- PAGE 5 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 5 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
WEEK 3 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Clean out beer and wine in walk-in refrigerator completely. Clean racks and rotate 
stock. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Check and test Alarm System once a month. 
All Alarm buttons at--
a: 
Host Stand 
b: 
Behind Bar Upstairs 
c: 
Bar Downstairs 
d: 
Waiters Hutch Downstairs 
e: 
Host Stand Downstairs 
f: 
In manager office. 
Circuit board and key pad in manager office. 
g: 
Pendants 
Check managers' and chefs' phone and beeper numbers are correct. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
Check all coffee areas have a bang bar on a chain with metal cap. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
Any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588027
--- PAGE 6 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 6 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
©2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588028
--- PAGE 7 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 7 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
WEEK 4 
4th Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
See chefs maintenance notes: U:ANGELA1BWMKITCHEMCLEANING 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Discard old, torn, logo discolored & plastic inserts torn AMEX books and 
order new ones. The lead time is 4-6 weeks. 
Curtains in Bank Vault Room (clean as needed). Over cleaning will damage 
the curtains. 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in plastic crate. After 2 
weeks discard shoes that are left. 
Check all chairs and banquettes for rips, holes and burns 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Test all thermostats are at 72° and confirm auto mode (on thermostat) will call for heat 
or cold as needed. If problem, contact Arista. 
Check porters using drill bits on ovens to unclog jet holes. 
Test all "Bug & Fly machines". Make sure they are in proper working order. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
Any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
Confirm cleaning of all coils & drain lines in all refrigeration compressors. Follow coil 
cleaning document. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588029
--- PAGE 8 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 8 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Check all carpet on balcony and in Vault Room. Clean, if necessary. (Carpets should 
be cleaned 4-6 times a year approximately). 
Check if sidewalk area needs power washing. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with ice. 
Check all café chairs. Send any with broken weave to be repaired at L.I.C. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
LHANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588030
--- PAGE 9 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 9 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 1 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: 
_balcony 
_Jazz room 
Vault room 
Dust sofits 
Jazz room ceiling 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
on top of oil tank. 
inside refrigerator room 
by building boiler room 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition _in front of beer walk-in box 
_in ejector room 
in front of managers office _inside basement by water 
heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
_main kitchen coffee station 
necessary. 
at 4 ice machine 
main kitchen steamers 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGEUMBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588031
--- PAGE 10 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 10 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 1 over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling, especially over tables 65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of NC only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
On West end of café (near Union Square restaurant) clean 6" — high vent (lift cover); 
clean air curtain screen by back metal doors; clean 2 screens above. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588032
--- PAGE 11 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 11 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Clean all smoke eater cells in 4 units for Jazz room: _2 over kitchen walk-in, 
over beer walk-in 
in main office. 
Clean outside vents on platform roof. (Stairs next to back door). 
_Makeup air — clean and replace filters 
_AC fresh air supply at far end 
_Check all timers for makeup air for kitchen hoods 
Clean motors behind convection ovens in lower kitchen. 
Oil, water pump and heaters in basement. 
Oil with WD 40 all door locks for doors and pad locks for walk-in box. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (BOH). 
Check all refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and on all walk-in box doors 
Check large folding party tables for any necessary repairs or painting 
Remove panel on glass wall in vault room and dust off back and front of wall. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for correct light levels. 
Check dimmer control zone charts are posted and all zones are marked correctly to 
zone chart. Don't change sitting without asking management first. Then adjust 
necessary document. All zone changes 5-7 minutes except for AM 
Clean and dust top pink ceiling in Jazz Room. Use lightly damp cloth. 
Dust and check lights on top level and lights on second level. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588033
--- PAGE 12 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 12 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588034
--- PAGE 13 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 13 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 2 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
Jazz room 
Vault 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. Replace glass carefully. 
balcony Mezzanine 
under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
in front of beer walk-in box 
ejector room _in front of managers office 
inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine 
Vault room 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
_lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588035
--- PAGE 14 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 14 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar A/C unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELA1BWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar _steps up to Jazz service bar area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean coils of all compressors: 
in compressor room 
above beer walk-in box 
_stairs in platform area 
NC for vault room. Blow out all drain lines for any 
type of compressors. 
Clean both kitchen coils for _salad crisper 
freezer _runners refrigerator 
in Main kitchen _refrigerator next to steamers in Main kitchen. 
Check NC Sprinkler system located in back alley to see if it needs to be drained. 
Check all faucets at all prep area sinks, all bathrooms (including employee bathroom), 
dishwasher area, pot washers and plumbing area in good order. 
Check floor drain covers in kitchen (under coffee area, dishwasher line, prep area, ice 
room bakery). 
Clean and polish all wood floors: _Main Floor. 
Check on both floors all sinks have drain cover screens and are screwed down at 
at bar sinks 
dish area sink 
_pantry area sink 
_pot sink in dish room 
_all oyster bar sinks 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588036
--- PAGE 15 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 15 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Test all "Bug and Fly Machines". Make sure they are in proper working order. 
Check all smoke detectors are in working order: 
by locker area _coat check room 
_dry goods area 
sofit above lockers 
storage above prep kitchen. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588037
--- PAGE 16 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 16 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 3 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony _Jazz room _Vault 
Dust sofits 
Jazz room ceiling 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside refrigerator room 
on top of oil tank. 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
_in ejector _in front of managers office 
by building boiler room 
in front of beer walk-in box 
_inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
Check all walls and columns for painting. 
Vault room 
Main 
Mezzanine 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for correct light levels. 
Check bathroom have in proper order _seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dish washer clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
_lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588038
--- PAGE 17 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 17 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 1 over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling, especially over tables 65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of NC only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean and dust stereo units in all areas. (Use can of compressed air). Spray all NCR 
computers 
_Jazz room 
Main host stand 
_Bank vault 
Main stereo unit off coat check room. 
Oil, water pump for water heaters in basement. 
Downstairs 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588039
--- PAGE 18 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 18 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Check all exit lights and emergency lights are working (8 total) 
Upstairs: 
_door to back alley 
_door to main entrance 
_between tables #22 and #23 over café doors 
at base of stairs outside coat check area 
_over entrance to Jazz room 
_over exit to Jazz kitchen by bread station 
_outside dish room (hallway) 
_base of back stairs to upstairs kitchen 
Change oil in power sprayer. Use 30 weight non-detergent oil. 
Blow out: 
_all bar sinks 
_steam tables 
slop sink (in basement) 
_service ice bin in both bars 
_all 4 NC unit drain lines: 
_oyster bar 
_above beer walk-in 
_2 above fish walk-in) 
_both kitchen floors 
_blow out walk-in compressor drain 
_cappuccino drain 
_main and balcony bathroom sinks 
_pantry sink drain 
_inside of line refrigerators 
Check hinges on all doors at host stand and at all waiter service areas. 
Look at oyster bar glass. Replace sections as needed. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
 Paint large outdoor garbage area gate doors with black gloss paint. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Check with maintenance man all electric clock timers are all on correct times. 
Follow Master Doc. 
_exhaust main kitchen 
_makeup main kitchen 
(Located by staircase inside black cage on main floor). 
_exhaust prep kitchen 
_makeup air prep kitchen 
(Located on the south wall above traulsen refrigerator in prep kitchen). 
_each refrigerator compressor in the ejector room has its own timer. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588040
--- PAGE 19 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 19 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Check belts and grease bearings on exhaust and make up air. 
prep kitchen and 
main kitchen. 
Check you have backup fuses for main service and plastic fuse puller inside main panel. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
Confirm you have back up NC filters. If you need more ask manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have back up water filters. If you need more ask manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm you have the back up motor for the kitchen exhaust. 
Check you have backup belts 
exhaust 
_makeup air. 
Check bathrooms exhaust fans are working. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (B.O.H.). 
Check all refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and all walk-in box doors. 
Confirm dish machine exhaust is working properly. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGEUMBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588041
--- PAGE 20 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 20 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 4 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
Vault Room 
Confirm all mirrors are level in Jazz Room. 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace glass carefully. _balcony Mezzanine _under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
in front of beer walk-in box 
ejector room _in front of managers office 
inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz room. 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order _seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588042
--- PAGE 21 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 21 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar A/C unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Check all strainers are in place on all floor and sink drains. 
Check bus station stands: 
rubber feet 
_cloth band not frayed. 
Check bottoms of all chairs and bar stools to be sure all plastic pegs are in place. 
Reset nails. 
Check pole and top of stairs holding up balcony is clean or if it needs to be repainted. 
Check molding and doors of linen cabinet under stairs to see if it needs painting. 
Wipe down all speaker wires on balcony. Remove all dust. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588043
--- PAGE 22 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 22 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Spray for bugs around 
all motor and compressors 
cappuccino machine (and 
water pumps) _compressors on all refrigerators that have self-contained compressors 
_glass freezers at bar area _dish machine, remove cover and spray around 
motors. 
Windex all windows. 
Clean all wall sconces and chandeliers. DO NOT SPIN. BE VERY CAREFUL. 
Confirm backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm all CO2 and Nitrogen tanks are chained up. 
Reverse Jazz Room curtains (e.g. Curtain B). The following month 
change to new curtain (e.g. Curtain A). Dry clean old curtain (Curtain B). 
Have office give information, for example cost. 
Advise office of any problems that may arise. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with ice. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGEUMBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588044
--- PAGE 23 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 23 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
PORTER 
WEEK 1 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588045
--- PAGE 24 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 24 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16'" Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588046
--- PAGE 25 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 25 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
©2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588047
--- PAGE 26 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 26 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
PORTER 
WEEK 2 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588048
--- PAGE 27 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 27 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16'" Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588049
--- PAGE 28 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 28 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 718-706-9827 BY SUNDAY W/E 
©2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588050
--- PAGE 29 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 29 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
PORTER 
WEEK 3 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588051
--- PAGE 30 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 30 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
161h Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588052
--- PAGE 31 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 31 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588053
--- PAGE 32 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 32 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
PORTER 
WEEK 4 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588054
--- PAGE 33 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 33 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
161h Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588055
--- PAGE 34 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 34 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588056
--- PAGE 35 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 35 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
FIRE INSPECTION DOCUMENT 
This report most be completed and fax it to the Maintenance department office the first week 
of each month. 
Note: Manager with the help of the maintenance man completed the inspection sheet. 
Date of inspection on the line. 
 Fire extinguisher check off list. Confirm with maintenance all fire extinguishers 
are in correct order and back of tag signed (follow check of sheet). 
 Inspection suppression systems (Ansul system) "TAG" is up to date. 
 Confirm Ansul pipes are in position and have caps. 
 Confirm the Deep fry has a divider panel at least 16" high. 
 Confirm we have at list one extinguisher class K in each kitchen. 
 Confirm instructions how to operated Ansul system are posted in kitchens. 
 Confirm duct diagram is posted next to Ansul system. FIRE DEPT. (MO) 
O 15t floor 
O 3rd floor 
O Banquets 
O Green room 
Confirm Certificate of inspection for your Ansul system is on file could be Sentinel or Ideal. 
Exhaust hood sticker is updated and posted to each hood (cleaning service tag) 
Inspect hood filters confirm that there is not one missing. 
Inspection and test of emergency lights and exit lights. 
Confirm all exit doors are clear (adequate egress) 
Confirm you have a copy of PA plans on file. 
Confirm you have in file and updated inspection log of sprinkler, standpipe and 
fire alarm if apply. 
Inspection and test of smoke detector in storage area if apply. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588057
--- PAGE 36 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 36 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Nuco2 
Confirm tank is chain to the wall. 
 Certificate of fitness for the driver is posted at the tank 
 Affidavit of installation (must have a copy in manager's office) 
 Log sheet posted on the tank, date for service, pressure test and driver number. 
yr pressure test on file in office. 
 Sings posted (Warning CO2, Caution Carbon Dioxide sticker and Certificate 
of approval sticker on tank) 
Air Conditioning confirms. 
Permits and specifications for each unit. 
OTHERS 
Open flame permits on file and update. 
Flame retarded permits for curtain, ceiling fabrics and furniture covers on file and update. 
Neon permits on file and update "if apply". 
Comments and notes: 
Fax this report to 212- 679-0996. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588058
--- PAGE 37 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 37 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
DISH MACHINE INSPECTION DOC. 
RESTAURANT 
DATE. 
VIP- HAND INSPECTION DOCUMENT TO SANOLITE TECH 
MANAGER: FOLLOW UP ANY PROBLEM AND CONFIRMED IT GET RESOLVED, WRITE NOTE 
OR COMMENTS BEFORE YOU FAX IT. 
MINIMUM TEMPERATURES BY THE BOH. 
WASHE TEMPERATURE 160°. RINSE TEMPERATURE 180°. 
WASH 
. RINSE. 
PROBLEMS 
CHEMICAL DISPENSER OPERATING PROPERLY 
YES 
, NOT 
,PROBLEM 
WASH AND RINSE ARMS INSPECTION. 
WASH 
, RINSE 
,PROBLEM 
WASH ASSEMBLY. 
RINSE PRESSURE 
CHECK GAGE CONDITIONS. 
INCOMING WATER 
RINSE 
MOTORS CONDITIONS AND SEALS. 
WASH MOTOR 
SEAL. 
RINSE MOTOR 
SEAL. 
CONVEYORS DRIVE 
RINSE DRAIN CLEAR. 
CURTAINS CONDITION BETWEEN TANKS. 
DO YOU SEE ANY LEAK 
? WHERE.  
TEST LEVELS OF M. IN THE MACHINE. 
CHEMICAL EXPLICATION CHARD POSTED 
OTHER CHEMICAL DISPENSERS. 
DISPENSER POT SINK WASHES. 
DISPENSER FOR PRESOAKING SILVERWARE. 
CHEMICAL FOR GREASE TRAPS. 
MACHINE NEED TO BE DESCALED YES 
. NO 
COMMENTS AND ACTIONS TAKE IT. 
FAX TO GERARDO G. (212) 679-0996 
TECH NAME 
. MANAGERS 
©2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588059
--- PAGE 38 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 38 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
FIRE EXTINGUISHER CHECK OFF LIST 
DATE: 
RESTAURANT: 
After this report has been filled out, please fax to LIC operations at 718-706-9827. 
LIC. Operations will follow any issue or schedule with the fire preventive company. 
Check all fire extinguishers have proper fire inspection tags on them and are not expired. Initial and 
date the back of the tag under "Monthly Inspection Record". Follow "Fire Extinguisher Check 
Off List" to confirm extinguisher are in assigned places. When sending fire extinguishers out 
for service, you must put the stores name on the bottom in black magic marker. 
AREA 
QTY 
. 
ID 
LOCATION 
TYPE 
MISSING 
TAG 
NEED 
REFILL 
UNIT 
MISSING 
O.K. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULEIDECEMBER 
EFTA00588060
--- PAGE 39 ---
As of 8/31/06 
Page 39 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
REFRIGERATION COILS CLEANING PROCEDURES 
Coils must be clean and maintained in proper order monthly. This will assure the proper 
functionality of the refrigeration equipment, reducing costly repairs and also reduce energy 
consume. 
Maintenances man needs to have the following items. Plastic brush, coil cleaner, spray bottle. 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
1. In the spray bottle mix water and 4 oz. of coil cleaner. 
2. Turn OFF the compressor. 
3. Once the compressor is OFF spray the formula on the coil and let it work for at list 5 
minutes, repeat spraying, once the grease is loose clean the front of the coil from the 
top to the bottom with the plastic brush. Repeat this operation until the coil is totally 
clean. 
4. When you finish make sure to turn ON the compressor. 
NOTE: Each compressor takes about 15 to 20 minutes to clean. 
All compressors need to be clean, including the refrigeration units that do not have cooling 
coil. (Water cooling units, self contain or remote compressors). 
VIP Report any problem with compressor to managers. Be specific. 
Refrigeration unit 
Num# Unit description 
System 
type 
Compressors 
location 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:ANGELAIBWGIMANAGERIMONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE1DEGEMBER 
EFTA00588061

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588062.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588062.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 2/23/06 
Page 1 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
MAINTENANCE DOCUMENT 
1/22/03 
GM Assign each item to be completed by Specific Date. No B/S. 
MASTER 
WEEK 1 
VIP fire inspection document completed and faxed to Laurel, Gerardo and Gary. 
Follow up any problem. Keep records. 
Note: In case of inspection by the FDNY. E-mail the result of the inspection 
Keep copy and follow any problem. Send original to Seemoy. 
Exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction document. 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Once a monthly only on the 1st Monday water your main plant on the stairwell. 
Only pour small amounts of water around trunk of plant till base overflows then 
drain base and do it again. You must soak all soil since you only do this 1 time a 
month. Approximately 4 pitchers. 
Have all waiters bring all table adjustment feet to "0" and rebalance. 
Wipe down all Bar and chair legs, and table bases. Remove all gum from under Bar rail 
and under regular chairs and tables. (porter) 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Have dishwasher soap supplier, test machine with test paper to be sure proper amounts 
of chemical are being used. Too little --you won't pass BOH; too much --and you're 
wasting money. Review and check this with service man at time of testing. 
Have dishwasher decaled. They only need 1/6 of a gallon of chemical. 1 gal. = 6mos. 
Have the Sanolite technician fill the preventive check off sheet for dish machine and 
Follow any recommendations. 
072005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U.Waintenance\bwg1BWG- Apreeoc 
EFTA00588062
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 2 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Inspect and keep organized soda room. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Have each manager on 3 different days go through 
garbage with dishwasher 
linen with busboy. Review findings with other managers and workers. 
Check all large folding tables for any necessary repairs or painting. 
Check plastic weave on café chairs for any rips or pieces of weave coming undone, can 
cause harm to clothing as plastic is hard. 
Evaluate any interior & exterior required painting. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
071005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U.Wasitenance\bwg1BWG- April.doc 
EFTA00588063
--- PAGE 3 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 3 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
WEEK 2 
2nd Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Check and record stock of Matches amt. 
, amt. 
Comment Cards amt. 
and Amex Paper amt. 
Remove carefully glass shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. 
Replace glass carefully. _Main Room 
Balcony 
Jazz Room 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in a basket after two weeks 
discard shoes left in basket. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Confirm beer lines were cleaned in last 4 weeks. 
Inspect Clean and replace (if necessary) any white foam table padding. 
Inform maintenance. 
Check Weather Gear 
raincoats, 
winter coat (heavy) and it's clean, 
porters coat, 
gloves, _boots. 
Confirm speakers are positioned correctly on main floor and balcony. 
Check conditions of all wicker linen baskets, replace as needed. 
Pull out banquette seats, clean and reset glue traps and seal any holes. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588064
--- PAGE 4 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 4 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
 Banquettes and furniture inspection. 
Please inspect all your banquettes, look for rips, loose springs or if it is wearing out. If 
you need your banquettes repaired take a floor plan and mark the banquettes with 
damage and a small note explaining the problem. Then fax it to LIC to Gary A. Then 
follow up with an e-mail to Gary A. and Gerardo G. letting us know the problems and 
that you faxed the floor plan. Within a couple of days Gary should have a scheduled 
day for the repair. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588065
--- PAGE 5 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 5 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
WEEK 3 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Clean out beer and wine in walk-in refrigerator completely. Clean racks and rotate 
stock. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Check and test Alarm System once a month. 
All Alarm buttons at--
a: 
Host Stand 
b: 
Behind Bar Upstairs 
c: 
Bar Downstairs 
d: 
Waiters Hutch Downstairs 
e: 
Host Stand Downstairs 
f: 
In manager office. 
Circuit board and key pad in manager office. 
g: 
Pendants 
Check managers' and chefs' phone and beeper numbers are correct. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
Check all coffee areas have a bang bar on a chain with metal cap. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588066
--- PAGE 6 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 6 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
LI,AngelaISWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588067
--- PAGE 7 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 7 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
WEEK 4 
4th Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
See chefs maintenance notes: U:ANGELA1BWMKITCHEMCLEANING 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Discard old, torn, logo discolored & plastic inserts torn AMEX books and 
order new ones. The lead time is 4-6 weeks. 
Curtains in Bank Vault Room (clean as needed). Over cleaning will damage 
the curtains. 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in plastic crate. After 2 
weeks discard shoes that are left. 
Check all chairs and banquettes for rips, holes and burns 
_Main floor 
_Jazz room 
_Vault room 
Test all thermostats are at 72° and confirm auto mode (on thermostat) will call for heat 
or cold as needed. If problem, contact Arista. 
Check porters using drill bits on ovens to unclog jet holes. 
Test all "Bug & Fly machines". Make sure they are in proper working order. 
inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
Confirm cleaning of all coils & drain lines in all refrigeration compressors. Follow coil 
cleaning document. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588068
--- PAGE 8 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 8 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Check all carpet on balcony and in Vault Room. Clean, if necessary. (Carpets should 
be cleaned 4-6 times a year approximately). 
Check if sidewalk area needs power washing. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
Maintenances man inspect and confirm all the chairs 
Have protective pegs under legs. 
Maintenances man scrape and remove gum on side walk, 
power wash side walk if necessary. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with ice. 
Check all café chairs. Send any with broken weave to be repaired at L.I.C. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588069
--- PAGE 9 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 9 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 1 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: 
_balcony 
_Jazz room 
Vault room 
Dust sofits 
_Jazz room ceiling 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
on top of oil tank. 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
inside refrigerator room 
by building boiler room 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition _in front of beer walk-in box 
_in ejector room 
in front of managers office 
inside basement by water 
heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
at 4 ice machine 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588070
--- PAGE 10 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 10 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 1 over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling especially over tables 65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of NC only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
On West end of café (near Union Square restaurant) clean 6" — high vent (lift cover); 
clean air curtain screen by back metal doors; clean 2 screens above. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
Clean all smoke eater cells in 4 units for Jazz room: _2 over kitchen walk-in, 
over beer walk-in 
in main office. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelalSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588071
--- PAGE 11 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 11 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Clean outside vents on platform roof. (Stairs next to back door). 
_Makeup air — clean and replace filters 
_AC fresh air supply at far end 
_Check all timers for makeup air for kitchen hoods 
Clean motors behind convection ovens in lower kitchen. 
Oil, water pump and heaters in basement. 
Oil with WD 40 all door locks for doors and pad locks for walk-in box. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (BOH). 
Check all refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and on all walk-in box doors 
Check large folding party tables for any necessary repairs or painting 
Remove panel on glass wall in vault room and dust off back and front of wall. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for correct light levels. 
Check dimmer control zone charts are posted and all zones are marked correctly to 
zone chart. Don't change sitting without asking management first. Then adjust 
necessary document. All zone changes 5-7 minutes except for AM 
Clean and dust top pink ceiling in Jazz Room. Use lightly damp cloth. 
Dust and check lights on top level and lights on second level. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Clean and empty grease traps: _inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588072
--- PAGE 12 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 12 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
LI,AngelaISWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588073
--- PAGE 13 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 13 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 2 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
_Jazz room 
_Vault 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. Replace glass carefully. _balcony Mezzanine 
under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition _in front of beer walk-in box 
_ejector room _in front of managers office _inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine 
Vault room 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
_lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Angela\BWG\Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588074
--- PAGE 14 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 14 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELA1BWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week -- Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar _steps up to Jazz service bar area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean coils of all compressors: 
in compressor room 
above beer walk-in box 
_stairs in platform area 
NC for vault room. Blow out all drain lines for any 
type of compressors. 
Clean both kitchen coils for _salad crisper _freezer _runners refrigerator 
in Main kitchen _refrigerator next to steamers in Main kitchen. 
Check NC Sprinkler system located in back alley to see if it needs to be drained. 
Check all faucets at all prep area sinks, all bathrooms (including employee bathroom), 
dishwasher area, pot washers and plumbing area in good order. 
Check floor drain covers in kitchen (under coffee area, dishwasher line, prep area, ice 
room bakery). 
Clean and polish all wood floors: _Main Floor. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588075
--- PAGE 15 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 15 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Check on both floors all sinks have drain cover screens and are screwed down at 
at bar sinks 
dish area sink 
_pantry area sink 
_pot sink in dish room 
_all oyster bar sinks 
Test all "Bug and Fly Machines". Make sure they are in proper working order. 
Check all smoke detectors are in working order: 
by locker area _coat check room 
_dry goods area 
sofit above lockers 
storage above prep kitchen. 
COMMENTS: 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588076
--- PAGE 16 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 16 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 3 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
Dust sofits 
_Jazz room ceiling 
Jazz room 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside refrigerator room 
on top of oil tank. 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
_in ejector _in front of managers office 
Vault 
by building boiler room 
in front of beer walk-in box 
_inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
Main 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for correct light levels. 
Check bathroom have in proper order _seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dish washer clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
_lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Angela1BWGWonthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588077
--- PAGE 17 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 17 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 1 over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling especially over tables 65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of NC only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean and dust stereo units in all areas. (Use can of compressed air). Spray all NCR 
computers 
_Jazz room 
Main host stand 
_Bank vault 
Main stereo unit off coat check room. 
Oil, water pump for water heaters in basement. 
Downstairs 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588078
--- PAGE 18 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 18 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Check all exit lights and emergency lights are working (8 total) 
Upstairs: 
_door to back alley 
_door to main entrance 
_between tables #22 and #23 over café doors 
at base of stairs outside coat check area 
_over entrance to Jazz room 
_over exit to Jazz kitchen by bread station 
_outside dish room (hallway) 
_base of back stairs to upstairs kitchen 
Change oil in power sprayer. Use 30 weight non-detergent oil. 
Blow out: 
_all bar sinks 
_steam tables 
_slop sink (in basement) 
_service ice bin in both bars 
_all 4 NC unit drain lines: 
_oyster bar 
_above beer walk-in 
_2 above fish walk-in) 
_both kitchen floors 
_blow out walk-in compressor drain 
_cappuccino drain 
_main and balcony bathroom sinks 
_pantry sink drain 
_inside of line refrigerators 
Check hinges on all doors at host stand and at all waiter service areas. 
Look at oyster bar glass. Replace sections as needed. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
 Paint large outdoor garbage area gate doors with black gloss paint. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Check with maintenance man all electric clock timers are all on correct times. 
Follow Master Doc. 
_exhaust main kitchen 
_makeup main kitchen 
(Located by staircase inside black cage on main floor). 
_exhaust prep kitchen 
_makeup air prep kitchen 
(Located on the south wall above traulsen refrigerator in prep kitchen). 
_each refrigerator compressor in the ejector room has its own timer. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Angela1BWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588079
--- PAGE 19 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 19 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Check belts and grease bearings on exhaust and make up air. 
prep kitchen and 
main kitchen. 
Check you have backup fuses for main service and plastic fuse puller inside main panel. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
Confirm you have back up NC filters. If you need more ask manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have back up water filters. If you need more ask manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm you have the back up motor for the kitchen exhaust. 
Check you have backup belts 
exhaust 
_makeup air. 
Check bathrooms exhaust fans are working. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (B.O.H.). 
Check all refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and all walk-in box doors. 
confirm dish machine exhaust is working properly. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U.AngelalBWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588080
--- PAGE 20 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 20 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 4 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
Vault Room 
confirm all mirrors are level in jazz room. 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace glass carefully. _balcony Mezzanine _under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
in front of beer walk-in box 
ejector room _in front of managers office 
inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz room. 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine 
Vault room 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
_main kitchen coffee station 
necessary. 
at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Angela\BWG\Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588081
--- PAGE 21 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 21 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar A/C unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week -- Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Check all strainers are in place on all floor and sink drains. 
Check bus station stands: 
rubber feet 
_cloth band not frayed. 
Check bottoms of all chairs and bar stools to be sure all plastic pegs are in place. 
Reset nails. 
Check pole and top of stairs holding up balcony is clean or if it needs to be repainted. 
Check molding and doors of linen cabinet under stairs to see if it needs painting. 
Wipe down all speaker wires on balcony. Remove all dust. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588082
--- PAGE 22 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 22 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Spray for bugs around 
all motor and compressors 
cappuccino machine (and 
water pumps) _compressors on all refrigerators that have self-contained compressors 
_glass freezers at bar area _dish machine, remove cover and spray around 
motors. 
Windex all windows. 
Clean all wall sconces and chandeliers. DO NOT SPIN. BE VERY CAREFUL. 
Confirm backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm all CO2 and Nitrogen tanks are chained up. 
Reverse Jazz Room curtains (e.g. Curtain B). The following month 
change to new curtain (e.g. Curtain A). Dry clean old curtain (Curtain B). 
Have office give information, for example cost. 
Advise office of any problems that may arise. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with ice. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588083
--- PAGE 23 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 23 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
PORTER 
WEEK 1 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588084
--- PAGE 24 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 24 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16° Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Angela\BWG\Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588085
--- PAGE 25 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 25 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
LI:AngelalSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588086
--- PAGE 26 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 26 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
PORTER 
WEEK 2 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Angela\BWG\Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588087
--- PAGE 27 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 27 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16th Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588088
--- PAGE 28 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 28 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON _ 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 718-706-9827 BY SUNDAY W/E 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
UAngela'BWG\Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588089
--- PAGE 29 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 29 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
PORTER 
WEEK 3 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Angela\BWG\Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588090
--- PAGE 30 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 30 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16'" Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588091
--- PAGE 31 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 31 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588092
--- PAGE 32 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 32 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
PORTER 
WEEK 4 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Angela\BWG\Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588093
--- PAGE 33 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 33 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16'" Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Angela\BWG\Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588094
--- PAGE 34 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 34 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
UAngela'BWG\Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588095
--- PAGE 35 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 35 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
FIRE INSPECTION DOCUMENT 
This report most be completed and fax it to the Maintenance department office the first week 
of each month. 
Note: Manager with the help of the maintenance man completed the inspection sheet. 
Date of inspection on the line. 
 Fire extinguisher check off list. Confirm with maintenance all fire extinguishers 
are in correct order and back of tag signed (follow check of sheet). 
 Inspection suppression systems (Ansul system) "TAG" is up to date. 
 Confirm Ansul pipes are in position and have caps. 
 Confirm the Deep fry has a divider panel at least 16" high. 
 Confirm we have at list one extinguisher class K in each kitchen. 
 Confirm instructions how to operated Ansul system are posted in kitchens. 
 Confirm duct diagram is posted next to Ansul system. FIRE DEPT. (MO) 
K 15t floor 
K 3rd floor 
K Banquets 
K Green room 
Confirm Certificate of inspection for your Ansul system is on file could be Sentinel or Ideal. 
Exhaust hood sticker is updated and posted to each hood (cleaning service tag) 
Inspect hood filters confirm that there is not one missing. 
Inspection and test of emergency lights and exit lights. 
Confirm all exit doors are clear (adequate egress) 
Confirm you have a copy of PA plans on file. 
Confirm you have in file and updated inspection log of sprinkler, standpipe and 
fire alarm if apply. 
 Inspection and test of smoke detector in storage area if apply. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Angela1BWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588096
--- PAGE 36 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 36 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Nuco2 
 Confirm tank is chain to the wall. 
 Certificate of fitness for the driver is posted at the tank 
 Affidavit of installation (must have a copy in manager's office) 
 Log sheet posted on the tank, date for service, pressure test and driver number. 
yr pressure test on file in office. 
 Sings posted (Warning CO2, Caution Carbon Dioxide sticker and Certificate 
of approval sticker on tank) 
Air Conditioning confirms. 
Permits and specifications for each unit. 
OTHERS 
Open flame permits on file and update. 
Flame retarded permits for curtain, ceiling fabrics and furniture covers on file and update. 
Neon permits on file and update "if apply". 
Comments and notes: 
Fax this report to 212- 679-0996. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UAngela\BWG\Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588097
--- PAGE 37 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 37 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
DISH MACHINE INSPECTION DOC. 
RESTAURANT 
DATE. 
VIP- HAND INSPECTION DOCUMENT TO SANOLITE TECH 
MANAGER: FOLLOW UP ANY PROBLEM AND CONFIRMED IT GET RESOLVED, WRITE NOTE 
OR COMMENTS BEFORE YOU FAX IT. 
MINIMUM TEMPERATURES BY THE BOH. 
WASHE TEMPERATURE 160°.  RINSE TEMPERATURE 180°. 
WASH 
. RINSE. 
PROBLEMS 
CHEMICAL DISPENSER OPERATING PROPERLY 
YES 
, NOT 
,PROBLEM 
WASH AND RINSE ARMS INSPECTION. 
WASH 
,RINSE 
,PROBLEM 
WASH ASSEMBLY. 
RINSE PRESSURE 
CHECK GAGE CONDITIONS. 
INCOMING WATER 
RINSE 
MOTORS CONDITIONS AND SEALS. 
WASH MOTOR 
SEAL. 
RINSE MOTOR 
SEAL. 
CONVEYORS DRIVE 
RINSE DRAIN CLEAR. 
CURTAINS CONDITION BETWEEN TANKS. 
DO YOU SEE ANY LEAK 
? WHERE.  
TEST LEVELS OF 
IN THE MACHINE. 
CHEMICAL EXPLICATION CHARD POSTED 
OTHER CHEMICAL DISPENSERS. 
DISPENSER POT SINK WASHES. 
DISPENSER FOR PRESOAKING SILVERWARE. 
CHEMICAL FOR GREASE TRAPS. 
MACHINE NEED TO BE DESCALED YES 
. NO 
COMMENTS AND ACTIONS TAKE IT. 
FAX TO GERARDO G. (212) 679-0996 
TECH NAME 
. MANAGERS 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588098
--- PAGE 38 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 38 of 40 
DATE: 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
FIRE EXTINGUISHER CHECK OFF LIST 
RESTAURANT: 
After this report has been filled out, please fax to LIC operations at 718-706-9827. 
LIC. Operations will follow any issue or schedule with the fire preventive company. 
Check all fire extinguishers have proper fire inspection tags on them and are not expired. Initial and 
date the back of the tag under "Monthly Inspection Record". Follow "Fire Extinguisher Check 
Off List" to confirm extinguisher are in assigned places. When sending fire extinguishers out 
for service, you must put the stores name on the bottom in black magic marker. 
AREA 
QTY. 
ID 
LOCATION 
TYPE 
MISSING 
TAG 
NEED 
REFILL 
UNIT 
MISSING 
O.K. 
REFRIGERATION COILS CLEANING PROCEDURES 
Coils must be clean and maintained in proper order monthly. This will assure the proper 
functionality of the refrigeration equipment, reducing costly repairs and also reduce energy 
consume. 
E2006 B.R. Guost. 
UAngela\BWG\Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588099
--- PAGE 39 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 39 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Maintenances man needs to have the following items. Plastic brush, coil cleaner, spray bottle. 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
1. In the spray bottle mix water and 4 oz. of coil cleaner. 
2. Turn OFF the compressor. 
3. Once the compressor is OFF spray the formula on the coil and let it work for at list 5 
minutes, repeat spraying, once the grease is loose clean the front of the coil from the 
top to the bottom with the plastic brush. Repeat this operation until the coil is totally 
clean. 
4. When you finish make sure to turn ON the compressor. 
NOTE: Each compressor takes about 15 to 20 minutes to clean. 
All compressors need to be clean, including the refrigeration units that do not have cooling 
coil. (Water cooling units, self contain or remote compressors). 
VIP Report any problem with compressor to managers. Be specific. 
Refrigeration unit 
Num# 
Unit description 
System type 
Compressors 
location 
HOST REFERRAL 
If you cannot accommodate a party at their desired time, and they are not flexible in time, then 
you must refer them to another BRG restaurant. "• sorry, but we are fully committed at that 
time, if you're time is not flexible perhaps I can recommend another of our restaurants who 
might be able to accommodate you." You will receive a list from your manager as to what 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaIBWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588100
--- PAGE 40 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 40 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
restaurants you should push the business to. Think of yourself as the guest. You should 
guide them to similar cuisine, location and price when possible. Be sure to let the guest know 
you are only making a suggestion, not guaranteeing them that the restaurant you recommend 
will have the availability they desire. 
HOST HOLIDAY REFERAL 
When you arrive for your shift check for the e-mail that is posted telling you which BRGuest 
restaurants have availability, for what size tables and what times. If you do not see the list 
posted ask a manager to print one for you. You should have a copy of this list in front of you for 
your entire shift. Use the list to guide your guests to other BRGuest restaurants as noted 
above. 
MANAGERS HOLIDAY REFERAL 
Depending on the holiday restaurants will book up at different speeds. When you see that you 
are booked for a certain seating or group of time slots you must advise on the 1010is 
conference call. The assigned office assistant will compile a list of all restaurant availability. As 
you book additional seating or groups of timeslots continue to update. You must review the 
updated information on the 1010am conference call. The assistant will e-mail all managers the 
updated list everyday, starting the day after the first restaurant has booked a seating or group 
of timeslots. 
OFFICE ASSISTANT HOLIDAY REFERAL 
You will send out a list of each stores holiday availability starting as soon as you receive word 
that the first store no longer has full availability. The list must be e-mailed to all managers and 
all DO's by11.30am everyday until the day of the holiday in question. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelaSWG1Monthly Planning Schedule 
EFTA00588101

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588102.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588102.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 7/12/02 
Page 1 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
MAINTENANCE DOCUMENT 
GM Assign each item to be completed by Specific Date. 
MASTER 
WEEK 1 
VIP fire inspection document completed and faxed to Laurel, Gerardo and Gary. 
Follow up any problem. Keep records. 
Note: In case of inspection by the FDNY. E-mail the result of the inspection 
Keep copy and follow any problem. Send original to Seemoy. 
Exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction document. 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Once a monthly only on the 1m Monday water your main plant on the stairwell. 
Only pour small amounts of water around trunk of plant till base overflows then 
drain base and do it again. You must soak all soil since you only do this 1 time a 
month. Approximately 4 pitchers. 
Have all waiters bring all table adjustment feet to "0" and rebalance. 
Wipe down all Bar and chair legs, and table bases. Remove all gum from under Bar rail 
and under regular chairs and tables. (porter) 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Have dishwasher soap supplier, test machine with test paper to be sure proper amounts 
of chemical are being used. Too little --you won't pass BOH; too much --and you're 
wasting money. Review and check this with service man at time of testing. 
Have dishwasher decaled. They only need 1/6 of a gallon of chemical. 1 gal. = 6mos. 
Have the Sanolite technician fill the preventive check off sheet for dish machine and 
Follow any recommendations. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Inspect and keep organized soda room. 
O2003 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AlaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588102
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 7/12/02 
Page 2 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Have each manager on 3 different days go through 
garbage with dishwasher 
linen with busboy. Review findings with other managers and workers. 
Check all large folding tables for any necessary repairs or painting. 
Check plastic weave on café chairs for any rips or pieces of weave coming undone, can 
cause harm to clothing as plastic is hard. 
Evaluate any interior & exterior required painting. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2003 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
LIAMaintenanceUswgIBWG- August.cloc 
EFTA00588103
--- PAGE 3 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 3 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
WEEK 2 
2nd Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room _Vault Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Check and record stock of Matches amt. 
, amt. 
Comment Cards amt. 
and Amex Paper amt. 
Remove carefully glass shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. 
Replace glass carefully. _Main Room 
Balcony 
Jazz Room 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in a basket after two weeks 
discard shoes left in basket. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Confirm beer lines were cleaned in last 4 weeks. 
Inspect Clean and replace (if necessary) any white foam table padding. 
Inform maintenance. 
Check Weather Gear 
raincoats, 
winter coat (heavy) and it's clean, 
porters coat, 
gloves, 
boots. 
Confirm speakers are positioned correctly on main floor and balcony. 
Check conditions of all wicker linen baskets, replace as needed. 
Pull out banquette seats, clean and reset glue traps and seal any holes. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- August.doc 
EFTA00588104
--- PAGE 4 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 4 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
 Banquettes and furniture inspection. 
Please inspect all your banquettes, look for rips, loose springs or if it is wearing out. If 
you need your banquettes repaired take a floor plan and mark the banquettes with 
damage and a small note explaining the problem. Then fax it to LIC to Gary A. Then 
follow up with an e-mail to Gary A. and Gerardo G. letting us know the problems and 
that you faxed the floor plan. Within a couple of days Gary should have a scheduled 
day for the repair. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
LIAMaintenanceUswgIBWG- August.cloc 
EFTA00588105
--- PAGE 5 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 5 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
WEEK 3 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the 
corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Clean out beer and wine in walk-in refrigerator completely. Clean 
racks and rotate 
stock. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking 
soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Check and test Alarm System once a month. 
All Alarm buttons at--
a: 
Host Stand 
b: 
Behind Bar Upstairs 
c: 
Bar Downstairs 
d: 
Waiters Hutch Downstairs 
e: 
Host Stand Downstairs 
f: 
In manager office. 
Circuit board and key pad in manager office. 
g: 
Pendants 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
LIAMaintenancethwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588106
--- PAGE 6 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 6 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
Check managers' and chefs' phone and beeper numbers are 
correct. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
Check all coffee areas have a bang bar on a chain with metal cap. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
Any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or 
BOH. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
LIAMaintenancethwgIBWG- August.cloc 
EFTA00588107
--- PAGE 7 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 7 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
WEEK 4 
4th Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master 
instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault 
Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the 
corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
See chefs maintenance notes: 
U:ANGELMBWMKITCHEMCLEANING 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking 
soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
and 
damage 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Discard old, torn, logo discolored & plastic inserts torn AMEX books 
order new ones. The lead time is 4-6 weeks. 
Curtains in Bank Vault Room (clean as needed). Over cleaning will 
the curtains. 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in 
plastic crate. After 2 
weeks discard shoes that are left. 
Check all chairs and banquettes for rips, holes and burns 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Test all thermostats are at 72° and confirm auto mode (on 
thermostat) will call for heat 
or cold as needed. If problem, contact Arista. 
Check porters using drill bits on ovens to unclog jet holes. 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:lalaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588108
--- PAGE 8 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 8 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
Test all "Bug & Fly machines". Make sure they are in proper 
working order. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
Any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or 
BOH. 
Confirm cleaning of all coils & drain lines in all refrigeration 
compressors. Follow coil 
cleaning document. 
Check all carpet on balcony and in Vault Room. Clean, if 
necessary. (Carpets should 
be cleaned 4-6 times a year approximately). 
Check if sidewalk area needs power washing. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or 
rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
Maintenances man inspect and confirm all the chairs. 
Have protective pegs under legs. 
Maintenances man scrape and remove gum on side walk, 
power wash side walk if necessary. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or 
Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must 
inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with 
ice. 
Check all café chairs. Send any with broken weave to be repaired 
at L.I.C. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:1MaintenancelbwOWG- August.cloc 
EFTA00588109
--- PAGE 9 ---
As of 217/06 
Page 9 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON _ 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
fJ2006 8.R. Guest. Inc. 
11:1Maintenancetbwgt8WG- August.doc 
EFTA00588110
--- PAGE 10 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 10 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 1 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched 
café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: 
_balcony 
_Jazz room 
Vault room 
Dust sofits 
Jazz room ceiling 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside refrigerator room 
by 
building boiler room 
on top of oil tank. 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition _in front of beer 
walk-in box 
_in ejector room _in front of managers office _inside 
basement by water 
heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. 
Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main 
floor _Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside 
lamps in floor of café _front 
door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588111
--- PAGE 11 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 11 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean 
with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machine 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
Replace filter if 
necessary. 
lower level coffee station. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all 
front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and 
stoppers. 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 
over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open 
access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz 
Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter 
_at oyster bar A/C unit 
_clean NC unit over beer 
NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if 
needs to be drained) 
walk-in box 
area 
is clean and 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588112
--- PAGE 12 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 12 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions 
to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELA1BWMELEVATOR). Be careful. 
Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow 
Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in 
addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling, especially over tables 
65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all A/C vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of A/C only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any 
holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat 
correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and 
B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up 
to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
On West end of café (near Union Square restaurant) clean 6" —
high vent (lift cover); 
clean air curtain screen by back metal doors; clean 2 screens 
above. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
Clean all smoke eater cells in 4 units for Jazz room: 
kitchen walk-in, 
over beer walk-in 
in main office. 
over 
Clean outside vents on platform roof. (Stairs next to back door). 
_Makeup air — clean and replace filters 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588113
--- PAGE 13 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 13 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
_AC fresh air supply at far end 
_Check all timers for makeup air for kitchen hoods 
Clean motors behind convection ovens in lower kitchen. 
Oil, water pump and heaters in basement. 
Oil with WD 40 all door locks for doors and pad locks for walk-in 
box. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (BOH). 
Check all refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and on all walk-in box 
Check large folding party tables for any necessary repairs or 
Remove panel on glass wall in vault room and dust off back and 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for 
correct light levels. 
painting 
doors 
front of wall. 
Check dimmer control zone charts are posted and all zones are 
marked correctly to 
zone chart. Don't change sitting without asking management first. 
Then adjust 
cloth. 
necessary document. All zone changes 5-7 minutes except for AM 
Clean and dust top pink ceiling in Jazz Room. Use lightly damp 
Dust and check lights on top level and lights on second level. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You 
will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588114
--- PAGE 14 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 14 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
_by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM 
porters. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
CO2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UAMaintenancelbwOWG- AugueLdoc 
EFTA00588115
--- PAGE 15 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 15 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 2 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
_Jazz room 
Vault 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace 
bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. Replace glass carefully. 
_balcony Mezzanine 
under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition _in front of beer 
walk-in box 
_ejector room _in front of managers office _inside 
basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. 
Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm 
pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main 
floor _Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front 
door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean 
with a toothbrush the 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588116
--- PAGE 16 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 16 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
Replace filter if 
necessary. 
lower level coffee station. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all 
front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and 
stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz 
Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if 
needs to be drained) 
walk-in box 
area 
is clean and 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions 
to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. 
Confirm sump pump is working. If any problems, alert 
manager to call Arrow Elevator (718) 387-7500. (To be done 
twice a week — Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily Porters 
work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any 
holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588117
--- PAGE 17 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 17 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat 
correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and 
B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar _steps up to 
Jazz service bar area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean coils of all compressors: 
in compressor room 
above 
beer walk-in box 
stairs in platform area 
NC for vault room. Blow out all 
drain lines for any 
type of compressors. 
Clean both kitchen coils for _salad crisper 
freezer 
runners refrigerator 
in Main kitchen _refrigerator next to steamers in Main kitchen. 
Check NC Sprinkler system located in back alley to see if it needs 
to be drained. 
Check all faucets at all prep area sinks, all bathrooms (including 
employee bathroom), 
dishwasher area, pot washers and plumbing area in good order. 
Check floor drain covers in kitchen (under coffee area, dishwasher 
line, prep area, ice 
room bakery). 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Main Floor. 
Check on both floors all sinks have drain cover screens and are 
screwed down at 
_at bar sinks 
_pantry area sink 
_pot sink 
in dish room 
dish area sink 
_all oyster bar sinks 
Test all "Bug and Fly Machines". Make sure they are in proper 
working order. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588118
--- PAGE 18 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 18 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
Check all smoke detectors are in working order: 
by locker area 
_coat check room 
_dry goods area 
sofit above lockers 
storage above 
prep kitchen. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM 
porters. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
LIAMaintenancethwgIBWG- August.cloc 
EFTA00588119
--- PAGE 19 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 19 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 3 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched 
café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony _Jazz room _Vault 
Dust sofits 
Jazz room ceiling 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside refrigerator room 
by 
building boiler room 
on top of oil tank. 
walk-in box 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition _in front of beer 
in ejector _in front of managers office 
inside basement 
by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. 
Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main 
floor _Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front 
door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for 
correct light levels. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588120
--- PAGE 20 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 20 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dish washer clean 
with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main 
kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
lower level coffee station. 
Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all 
front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and 
stoppers. 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 
over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open 
access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz 
Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter 
_at oyster bar A/C unit 
_clean NC unit over beer 
NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if 
needs to be drained) 
walk-in box 
area 
is clean and 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588121
--- PAGE 21 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 21 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions 
to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELA1BWMELEVATOR). Be careful. 
Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow 
Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in 
addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling, especially over tables 
65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all A/C vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of A/C only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any 
holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat 
correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and 
B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up 
to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean and dust stereo units in all areas. (Use can of compressed 
air). Spray all NCR 
computers 
_Jazz room 
_Main host stand 
Bank vault 
Main stereo unit off coat check room. 
Oil, water pump for water heaters in basement. 
Downstairs 
Check all exit lights and emergency lights are working (8 total) 
Upstairs: 
_door to back alley 
_door to main entrance 
between tables #22 and #23 over café doors 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588122
--- PAGE 22 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 22 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
at base of stairs outside coat check area 
_over entrance to Jazz room 
_over exit to Jazz kitchen by bread station 
_outside dish room (hallway) 
_base of back stairs to upstairs kitchen 
Change oil in power sprayer. Use 30 weight non-detergent oil. 
Blow out: 
_all bar sinks 
(in basement) 
_service ice bin in both 
_oyster bar 
above fish walk-in) 
_both kitchen floors 
_cappuccino drain 
_pantry sink drain 
areas. 
steam tables 
_slop sink 
bars 
_all 4 NC unit drain lines: 
above beer walk-in 
blow out walk-in compressor drain 
main and balcony bathroom sinks 
inside of line refrigerators 
Check hinges on all doors at host stand and at all waiter service 
Look at oyster bar glass. Replace sections as needed. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
 Paint large outdoor garbage area gate doors with black gloss paint. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
_by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM 
porters. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You 
will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Check with maintenance man all electric clock timers are all on 
correct times. 
Follow Master Doc. 
_exhaust main kitchen 
_makeup main kitchen 
(Located by staircase inside black cage on main floor). 
_exhaust prep kitchen 
_makeup air prep kitchen 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588123
--- PAGE 23 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 23 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
(Located on the south wall above traulsen refrigerator in prep 
kitchen). 
each refrigerator compressor in the ejector room has its own 
timer. 
Check belts and grease bearings on exhaust and make up air. 
prep kitchen and 
main kitchen. 
Check you have backup fuses for main service and plastic fuse 
puller inside main panel. 
manager to 
manager to 
doors. 
COMMENTS: 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
Confirm you have back up NC filters. If you need more ask 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have back up water filters. If you need more ask 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm you have the back up motor for the kitchen exhaust. 
Check you have backup belts _exhaust 
_makeup air. 
Check bathrooms exhaust fans are working. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (B.O.H.). 
Check all refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and all walk-in box 
Confirm dish machine exhaust is working properly. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588124
--- PAGE 24 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 24 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 4 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony _Vault Room 
Confirm all mirrors are level in Jazz Room. 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace 
bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace glass carefully. _balcony Mezzanine _under 
stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition _in front of beer 
walk-in box 
_ejector room _in front of managers office _inside 
basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. 
Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz room. 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm 
pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main 
floor 
Jazz room 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588125
--- PAGE 25 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 25 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front 
door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean 
with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
main kitchen coffee station 
lower level coffee station. 
Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all 
front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and 
stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz 
Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter 
_at oyster bar A/C unit 
_clean NC unit over beer 
NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if 
needs to be drained) 
walk-in box 
area 
is clean and 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588126
--- PAGE 26 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 26 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
Clean inside elevator shaft bleach and clean. Follow instructions 
to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. 
Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow 
Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week -- Mon-Thurs in 
addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any 
holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat 
correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and 
B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up 
to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Check all strainers are in place on all floor and sink drains. 
Check bus station stands: 
rubber feet 
cloth band not 
frayed. 
Check bottoms of all chairs and bar stools to be sure all plastic 
pegs are in place. 
Reset nails. 
Check pole and top of stairs holding up balcony is clean or if it 
needs to be repainted. 
Check molding and doors of linen cabinet under stairs to see if it 
needs painting. 
Wipe down all speaker wires on balcony. Remove all dust. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:lalaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588127
--- PAGE 27 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 27 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
Spray for bugs around 
all motor and compressors 
_cappuccino machine (and 
water pumps) _compressors on all refrigerators that have self-
contained compressors 
_glass freezers at bar area _dish machine, remove cover and 
spray around motors. 
Windex all windows. 
Clean all wall sconces and chandeliers. DO NOT SPIN. BE VERY 
CAREFUL. 
Confirm backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm all CO2 and Nitrogen tanks are chained up. 
Reverse Jazz Room curtains (e.g. Curtain B). The following month 
change to new curtain (e.g. Curtain A). Dry clean old curtain 
(Curtain B). 
Have office give information, for example cost. 
Advise office of any problems that may arise. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM 
porters. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or 
Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must 
inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with 
ice. 
COMMENTS: 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:1MaintenancelbwOWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588128
--- PAGE 28 ---
As of 217/06 
Page 28 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
fJ2006 8.R. Guest. Inc. 
11:1Maintenancetbwgt8WG- August.doc 
EFTA00588129
--- PAGE 29 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 29 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
PORTER 
WEEK 1 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area 
and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size 
broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top 
of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you 
are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY:
service area wall. 
entrance, door 
sides of ducts by host 
first floor. 
areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to 
bathroom around pay phones and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to 
service bus station 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, 
kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588130
--- PAGE 30 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 30 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 
to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window 
shades inside and out. 
and out all window 
cloth. 
damp cloth. 
around bar and back bar. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 
to 67. Go up to balcony and clean all windows 
and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside 
and out all window blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to 
bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, 
service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen 
entrance, paneling behind table 56. 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:UNaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588131
--- PAGE 31 ---
As of 217/06 
Page 31 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and 
light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY:
from host 
Dust all 12 wall lamp 
Room. 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush 
the 5 awnings on 
161h Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out 
with the water hose. Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much 
water. It can get in the restaurant and damage the floors. 
basement 
Clean crease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one 
in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:lalaintenancelbwOWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588132
--- PAGE 32 ---
As of 217/06 
Page 32 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
fJ2006 8.R. Guest. Inc. 
11:1Maintenancetbwgt8WG- August.doc 
EFTA00588133
--- PAGE 33 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 33 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
PORTER 
WEEK 2 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area 
and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size 
broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top 
of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you 
are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY:
service area wall. 
entrance, door 
sides of ducts by host 
first floor. 
areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to 
bathroom around pay phones and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to 
service bus station 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, 
kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
LIAMaintenancethwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588134
--- PAGE 34 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 34 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 
to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window 
shades inside and out. 
and out all window 
cloth. 
damp cloth. 
around bar and back bar. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 
to 67. Go up to balcony and clean all windows 
and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside 
and out all window blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to 
bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, 
service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen 
entrance, paneling behind table 56. 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:UNaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588135
--- PAGE 35 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 35 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and 
light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY:
from host 
Dust all 12 wall lamp 
Room. 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush 
the 5 awnings on 
161h Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out 
with the water hose. Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much 
water. It can get in the restaurant and damage the floors. 
basement 
in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
Clean crease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:lalaintenancelbwOWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588136
--- PAGE 36 ---
As of 217/06 
Page 36 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 718-706-9827 BY SUNDAY W/E 
fJ2006 8.R. Guest. Inc. 
11:1Maintenancetbwgt8WG- August.doc 
EFTA00588137
--- PAGE 37 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 37 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
PORTER 
WEEK 3 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area 
and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size 
broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top 
of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you 
are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY:
service area wall. 
entrance, door 
sides of ducts by host 
first floor. 
areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to 
bathroom around pay phones and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to 
service bus station 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, 
kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:UNaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588138
--- PAGE 38 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 38 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 
to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window 
shades inside and out. 
and out all window 
cloth. 
damp cloth. 
around bar and back bar. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 
to 67. Go up to balcony and clean all windows 
and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside 
and out all window blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to 
bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, 
service bus station 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588139
--- PAGE 39 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 39 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen 
entrance, paneling behind table 56. 
light fixtures 
FRIDAY:
from host 
Dust all 12 wall lamp 
Room. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush 
the 5 awnings on 
16° Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out 
with the water hose. Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much 
water. It can get in the restaurant and damage the floors. 
basement 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one 
in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:lalaintenancelbwOWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588140
--- PAGE 40 ---
As of 217/06 
Page 40 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
.1,2006 8.R. Guest. Inc. 
11:1Maintenancetbwgt8WG- August.doc 
EFTA00588141
--- PAGE 41 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 41 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
PORTER 
WEEK 4 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area 
and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size 
broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top 
of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you 
are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY:
service area wall. 
entrance, door 
sides of ducts by host 
first floor. 
areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to 
bathroom around pay phones and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to 
service bus station 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, 
kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
LIAMaintenancethwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588142
--- PAGE 42 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 42 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 
to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window 
shades inside and out. 
and out all window 
cloth. 
damp cloth. 
around bar and back bar. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 
to 67. Go up to balcony and clean all windows 
and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside 
and out all window blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to 
bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, 
service bus station 
@2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588143
--- PAGE 43 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 43 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen 
entrance, paneling behind table 56. 
light fixtures 
FRIDAY:
from host 
Dust all 12 wall lamp 
Room. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush 
the 5 awnings on 
16° Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out 
with the water hose. Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much 
water. It can get in the restaurant and damage the floors. 
basement 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one 
in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:lalaintenancelbwOWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588144
--- PAGE 44 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 44 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
FIRE INSPECTION DOCUMENT 
This report most be completed and fax it to the Maintenance department 
office the first week of each month-
Note: Manager with the help of the maintenance man completed the inspection 
sheet. 
iL2006 8.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:1Maintenancetbwgt8WG- August.doc 
EFTA00588145
--- PAGE 45 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 45 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
Date of inspection on the line. 
 Fire extinguisher check off list. Confirm with maintenance all fire 
extinguishers 
are in correct order and back of tag signed (follow check of sheet). 
Inspection suppression systems (Ansul system) "TAG" is up to date. 
Confirm Ansul pipes are in position and have caps. 
Confirm the Deep fry has a divider panel at least 16" high. 
Confirm we have at list one extinguisher class K in each kitchen. 
Confirm instructions how to operated Ansul system are posted in 
kitchens. 
 Confirm duct diagram is posted next to Ansul system. FIRE DEPT. 
(MO) 
K 151 floor 
K 3rd floor 
K Banquets 
K Green room 
 Confirm Certificate of inspection for your Ansul system is on file could 
be Sentinel or Ideal. 
 Exhaust hood sticker is updated and posted to each hood (cleaning 
service tag) 
Inspect hood filters confirm that there is not one missing. 
Inspection and test of emergency lights and exit lights. 
Confirm all exit doors are clear (adequate egress) 
Confirm you have a copy of PA plans on file. 
 Confirm you have in file and updated inspection log of sprinkler, 
standpipe and 
fire alarm if apply. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augusidoc 
EFTA00588146
--- PAGE 46 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 46 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
Inspection and test of smoke detector in storage area if apply. 
Nuco2 
Confirm tank is chain to the wall. 
Certificate of fitness for the driver is posted at the tank 
Affidavit of installation (must have a copy in manager's office) 
 Log sheet posted on the tank, date for service, pressure test and 
driver number. 
yr pressure test on file in office. 
 Sings posted (Warning CO2, Caution Carbon Dioxide sticker and 
Certificate 
of approval sticker on tank) 
Air Conditioning confirms. 
Permits and specifications for each unit. 
OTHERS 
Open flame permits on file and update. 
Flame retarded permits for curtain, ceiling fabrics and furniture covers 
on file and update. 
Neon permits on file and update "if apply". 
Comments and notes: 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588147
--- PAGE 47 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 47 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
 AUGUST 
Fax this report to 212- 679-0996. 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IllaintenancelbwOWG- Augustcloc 
EFTA00588148
--- PAGE 48 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 48 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
DISH MACHINE INSPECTION DOC. 
RESTAURANT 
DATE. 
VIP- HAND INSPECTION DOCUMENT TO SANOLITE TECH 
MANAGER: FOLLOW UP ANY PROBLEM AND CONFIRMED IT GET 
RESOLVED, WRITE NOTE OR COMMENTS BEFORE YOU FAX IT. 
MINIMUM TEMPERATURES BY THE BOH. 
WASHE TEMPERATURE 160°. RINSE TEMPERATURE 180°. 
WASH 
. RINSE. 
PROBLEMS 
CHEMICAL DISPENSER OPERATING PROPERLY 
YES 
, NOT 
,PROBLEM 
WASH AND RINSE ARMS INSPECTION. 
WASH 
, RINSE 
,PROBLEM 
WASH ASSEMBLY. 
RINSE PRESSURE 
CHECK GAGE CONDITIONS. 
INCOMING WATER 
RINSE 
MOTORS CONDITIONS AND SEALS. 
WASH MOTOR 
SEAL. 
RINSE MOTOR 
SEAL. 
CONVEYORS DRIVE 
RINSE DRAIN CLEAR. 
CURTAINS CONDITION BETWEEN TANKS. 
DO YOU SEE ANY LEAK 
? WHERE.  
TEST LEVELS OF •. 
IN THE MACHINE. 
CHEMICAL EXPLICATION CHARD POSTED 
OTHER CHEMICAL DISPENSERS. 
DISPENSER POT SINK WASHES. 
DISPENSER FOR PRESOAKING SILVERWARE. 
CHEMICAL FOR GREASE TRAPS. 
MACHINE NEED TO BE DESCALED YES 
. NO 
COMMENTS AND ACTIONS TAKE IT. 
FAX TO GERARDO G. (212) 679-0996 
CO2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
LIAMaIntenancelbwgIBWG- Augualdoc 
EFTA00588149
--- PAGE 49 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 49 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
TECH NAME 
. MANAGERS 
FIRE EXTINGUISHER CHECK OFF LIST 
DATE: 
RESTAURANT: 
After this report has been filled out, please fax to LIC operations at 718-706-
9827. 
LIC. Operations will follow any issue or schedule with the fire preventive 
company. 
Check all fire extinguishers have proper fire inspection tags on them and are not 
expired. Initial and date the back of the tag under "Monthly Inspection 
Record". Follow "Fire Extinguisher Check Off List" to confirm 
extinguisher are in assigned places. When sending fire extinguishers out 
for service, you must put the stores name on the bottom in black magic 
marker. 
Area 
Qty. 
ID# 
Location 
Type 
Missing 
Tag 
Everyth 
ing O.K. 
Need 
refill 
ll
Dining Room 
Service Bar 
(A) Water 
Hosstess 
(A) Water 
Raw Bar 
(A) Water 
Main Kitchen 
Entrance 
BC 
Exit Door 
BC 
Exit Door 
Class (K) 
Prep Kitchen 
Entrance 
BC 
Entrance 
Class (K) 
East Wall 
BC 
Dry Goods 
Storage 
Metro Shelve 
ABC 
Locker Area 
Entrance 
ABC 
Back 
ABC 
Coat Check 
Entrance 
ABC 
Manager Office 
Entrance 
ABC 
Vault Room 
Entrance 
(A) Water 
Mezzanine 
Waitress Station 
(A) Water 
O2O06 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UNIAaintenanceltnegU3W0- Auguatdoc 
EFTA00588150
--- PAGE 50 ---
As of 2/7/06 
Page 50 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
Jazz Room 
Brad Station 
(A) Water 
Waiter Lotch 
(A) Water 
Closet 
Water 
Dishroom 
_AA) 
Entrance 
ABC 
Boiler Room 
Next to heaters 
ABC 
REFRIGERATION COILS CLEANING PROCEDURES 
Coils must be clean and maintained in proper order monthly. This will 
assure the proper functionality of the refrigeration equipment, reducing 
costly repairs and also reduce energy consume. 
Maintenances man needs to have the following items. Plastic brush, coil 
cleaner, spray bottle. 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
1. In the spray bottle mix water and 4 oz. of coil cleaner. 
2. Turn OFF the compressor. 
3. Once the compressor is OFF spray the formula on the coil and let it 
work for at list 5 minutes, repeat spraying, once the grease is loose 
clean the front of the coil from the top to the bottom with the plastic 
brush. Repeat this operation until the coil is totally clean. 
4. When you finish make sure to turn ON the compressor. 
NOTE: Each compressor takes about 15 to 20 minutes to clean. 
All compressors need to be clean, including the refrigeration units that 
do not have cooling coil. (Water cooling units, self contain or remote 
compressors). 
VIP Report any problem with compressor to managers. Be specific. 
Refrigeration unit 
Num# 
Unit description 
System type 
Compressors locati
O2006 8.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwg113WG-Augustdoc 
EFTA00588151
--- PAGE 51 ---
As of 217/06 
Page 51 of 51 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
11:1Maintenancetbwgt8WG- August.doc 
EFTA00588152

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588153.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588153.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 8/2/06 
Page 1 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
MAINTENANCE DOCUMENT 
GM Assign each item to be completed by Specific Date. 
MASTER 
WEEK 1 
VIP fire inspection document completed and faxed to Laurel, Gerardo and Gary. 
Follow up any problem. Keep records. 
Note: In case of inspection by the FDNY. E-mail the result of the inspection 
Keep copy and follow any problem. Send original to Seemoy. 
Exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction document. 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Once a monthly only on the 1st Monday water your main plant on the stairwell. 
Only pour small amounts of water around trunk of plant till base overflows then 
drain base and do it again. You must soak all soil since you only do this 1 time a 
month. Approximately 4 pitchers. 
Have all waiters bring all table adjustment feet to "0" and rebalance. 
Wipe down all Bar and chair legs, and table bases. Remove all gum from under Bar rail 
and under regular chairs and tables. (porter) 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Have dishwasher soap supplier, test machine with test paper to be sure proper amounts 
of chemical are being used. Too little --you won't pass BOH; too much --and you're 
wasting money. Review and check this with service man at time of testing. 
Have dishwasher decaled. They only need 1/6 of a gallon of chemical. 1 gal. = 6mos. 
Have the Sanolite technician fill the preventive check off sheet for dish machine and 
Follow any recommendations. 
@2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- February.cloc 
EFTA00588153
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 2 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
inspect and keep organized soda room. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Have each manager on 3 different days go through 
garbage with dishwasher 
linen with busboy. Review findings with other managers and workers. 
Check all large folding tables for any necessary repairs or painting. 
Check plastic weave on café chairs for any rips or pieces of weave coming undone, can 
cause harm to clothing as plastic is hard. 
Evaluate any interior & exterior required painting. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
@2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UWaintenanceUswgIBWG- February.cloc 
EFTA00588154
--- PAGE 3 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 3 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
WEEK 2 
2nd Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Check and record stock of Matches amt. 
, amt. 
Comment Cards amt. 
and Amex Paper amt. 
Remove carefully glass shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. 
Replace glass carefully. _Main Room 
Balcony 
Jazz Room 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in a basket after two weeks 
discard shoes left in basket. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Confirm beer lines were cleaned in last 4 weeks. 
Inspect Clean and replace (if necessary) any white foam table padding. 
Inform maintenance. 
Check Weather Gear 
raincoats, 
porters coat, 
gloves, _boots. 
winter coat (heavy) and it's clean, 
Confirm speakers are positioned correctly on main floor and balcony. 
Check conditions of all wicker linen baskets, replace as needed. 
Pull out banquette seats, clean and reset glue traps and seal any holes. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588155
--- PAGE 4 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 4 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
 Banquettes and furniture inspection. 
Please inspect all your banquettes, look for rips, loose springs or if it is wearing out. If 
you need your banquettes repaired take a floor plan and mark the banquettes with 
damage and a small note explaining the problem. Then fax it to LIC to Gary A. Then 
follow up with an e-mail to Gary A. and Gerardo G. letting us know the problems and 
that you faxed the floor plan. Within a couple of days Gary should have a scheduled 
day for the repair. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588156
--- PAGE 5 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 5 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
WEEK 3 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Clean out beer and wine in walk-in refrigerator completely. Clean racks and rotate 
stock. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Check and test Alarm System once a month. 
All Alarm buttons at--
a: 
Host Stand 
b: 
Behind Bar Upstairs 
c: 
Bar Downstairs 
d: 
Waiters Hutch Downstairs 
e: 
Host Stand Downstairs 
f: 
In manager office. 
Circuit board and key pad in manager office. 
g: 
Pendants 
Check managers' and chefs' phone and beeper numbers are correct. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
Check all coffee areas have a bang bar on a chain with metal cap. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588157
--- PAGE 6 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 6 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
©2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGER/MONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588158
--- PAGE 7 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 7 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
WEEK 4 
4th Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
See chefs maintenance notes:  U:ANGELA1BWMKITCHEMCLEANING 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Discard old, torn, logo discolored & plastic inserts torn AMEX books and 
order new ones. The lead time is 4-6 weeks. 
Curtains in Bank Vault Room (clean as needed). Over cleaning will damage 
the curtains. 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in plastic crate. After 2 
weeks discard shoes that are left. 
Check all chairs and banquettes for rips, holes and burns 
_Main floor 
_Jazz room 
_Vault room 
Test all thermostats are at 72° and confirm auto mode (on thermostat) will call for heat 
or cold as needed. If problem, contact Arista. 
Check porters using drill bits on ovens to unclog jet holes. 
Test all "Bug & Fly machines". Make sure they are in proper working order. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
Confirm cleaning of all coils & drain lines in all refrigeration compressors. Follow coil 
cleaning document. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588159
--- PAGE 8 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 8 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Check all carpet on balcony and in Vault Room. Clean, if necessary. (Carpets should 
be cleaned 4-6 times a year approximately). 
Check if sidewalk area needs power washing. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with ice. 
Check all café chairs. Send any with broken weave to be repaired at L.I.C. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGER/MONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588160
--- PAGE 9 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 9 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 1 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: 
_balcony 
_Jazz room 
Vault room 
Dust sofits 
_Jazz room ceiling 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
on top of oil tank. 
inside refrigerator room 
by building boiler room 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition _in front of beer walk-in box 
_in ejector room 
in front of managers office _inside basement by water 
heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
_main kitchen coffee station 
necessary. 
at 4 ice machine 
main kitchen steamers 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGER/MONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588161
--- PAGE 10 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 10 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 1 over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELMBWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling, especially over tables 65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of NC only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
On West end of café (near Union Square restaurant) clean 6" — high vent (lift cover); 
clean air curtain screen by back metal doors; clean 2 screens above. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588162
--- PAGE 11 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 11 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Clean all smoke eater cells in 4 units for Jazz room: _2 over kitchen walk-in, 
over beer walk-in 
in main office. 
Clean outside vents on platform roof. (Stairs next to back door). 
_Makeup air — clean and replace filters 
_AC fresh air supply at far end 
_Check all timers for makeup air for kitchen hoods 
Clean motors behind convection ovens in lower kitchen. 
Oil, water pump and heaters in basement. 
Oil with WD 40 all door locks for doors and pad locks for walk-in box. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (BOH). 
Check all refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and on all walk-in box doors 
Check large folding party tables for any necessary repairs or painting 
Remove panel on glass wall in vault room and dust off back and front of wall. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for correct light levels. 
Check dimmer control zone charts are posted and all zones are marked correctly to 
zone chart. Don't change sitting without asking management first. Then adjust 
necessary document. All zone changes 5-7 minutes except for AM 
Clean and dust top pink ceiling in Jazz Room. Use lightly damp cloth. 
Dust and check lights on top level and lights on second level. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588163
--- PAGE 12 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 12 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
©2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGER/MONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588164
--- PAGE 13 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 13 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER! 
WEEK 2 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
Jazz room 
_Vault 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. Replace glass carefully. 
balcony Mezzanine 
under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
in front of beer walk-in box 
ejector room _in front of managers office 
inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
_main kitchen coffee station 
necessary. 
at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BINGRAANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588165
--- PAGE 14 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 14 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELA1BWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week -- Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar _steps up to Jazz service bar area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean coils of all compressors: 
in compressor room 
above beer walk-in box 
_stairs in platform area 
NC for vault room. Blow out all drain lines for any 
type of compressors. 
Clean both kitchen coils for _salad crisper _freezer _runners refrigerator 
in Main kitchen _refrigerator next to steamers in Main kitchen. 
Check NC Sprinkler system located in back alley to see if it needs to be drained. 
Check all faucets at all prep area sinks, all bathrooms (including employee bathroom), 
dishwasher area, pot washers and plumbing area in good order. 
Check floor drain covers in kitchen (under coffee area, dishwasher line, prep area, ice 
room bakery). 
Clean and polish all wood floors: _Main Floor. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588166
--- PAGE 15 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 15 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Check on both floors all sinks have drain cover screens and are screwed down at 
at bar sinks 
dish area sink 
_pantry area sink 
_pot sink in dish room 
_all oyster bar sinks 
Test all "Bug and Fly Machines". Make sure they are in proper working order. 
Check all smoke detectors are in working order: 
by locker area _coat check room 
_dry goods area 
sofit above lockers 
storage above prep kitchen. 
COMMENTS: 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588167
--- PAGE 16 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 16 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 3 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched café doors. 
_above in linen storage area 
_main kitchen coffee station 
necessary. 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
Dust sofits 
_Jazz room ceiling 
Jazz room 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside refrigerator room 
on top of oil tank. 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
_in ejector _in front of managers office 
Vault 
by building boiler room 
in front of beer walk-in box 
_inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
Main 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for correct light levels. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dish washer clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGER/MONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588168
--- PAGE 17 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 17 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 1 over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling especially over tables 65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of NC only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean and dust stereo units in all areas. (Use can of compressed air). Spray all NCR 
computers 
_Jazz room 
Main host stand 
_Bank vault 
Main stereo unit off coat check room. 
Oil, water pump for water heaters in basement. 
Downstairs 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588169
--- PAGE 18 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 18 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Check all exit lights and emergency lights are working (8 total) 
Upstairs: 
_door to back alley 
_door to main entrance 
_between tables #22 and #23 over café doors 
at base of stairs outside coat check area 
_over entrance to Jazz room 
_over exit to Jazz kitchen by bread station 
_outside dish room (hallway) 
_base of back stairs to upstairs kitchen 
Change oil in power sprayer. Use 30 weight non-detergent oil. 
Blow out: 
_all bar sinks 
_steam tables 
_slop sink (in basement) 
_service ice bin in both bars 
_all 4 NC unit drain lines: 
_oyster bar 
_above beer walk-in 
_2 above fish walk-in) 
_both kitchen floors 
_blow out walk-in compressor drain 
_cappuccino drain 
_main and balcony bathroom sinks 
_pantry sink drain 
_inside of line refrigerators 
Check hinges on all doors at host stand and at all waiter service areas. 
Look at oyster bar glass. Replace sections as needed. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
 Paint large outdoor garbage area gate doors with black gloss paint. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Check with maintenance man all electric clock timers are all on correct times. 
Follow Master Doc. 
_exhaust main kitchen 
_makeup main kitchen 
(Located by staircase inside black cage on main floor). 
_exhaust prep kitchen 
_makeup air prep kitchen 
(Located on the south wall above traulsen refrigerator in prep kitchen). 
_each refrigerator compressor in the ejector room has its own timer. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588170
--- PAGE 19 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 19 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Check belts and grease bearings on exhaust and make up air. 
prep kitchen and 
main kitchen. 
Check you have backup fuses for main service and plastic fuse puller inside main panel. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
Confirm you have back up NC filters. If you need more ask manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have back up water filters. If you need more ask manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm you have the back up motor for the kitchen exhaust. 
Check you have backup belts _exhaust 
_makeup air. 
Check bathrooms exhaust fans are working. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (B.O.H.). 
Check an refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and all walk-in box doors. 
Confirm dish machine exhaust is working properly. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588171
--- PAGE 20 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 20 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 4 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
Vault Room 
confirm all mirrors are level in jazz room. 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace glass carefully. _balcony Mezzanine _under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition _in front of beer walk-in box 
_ejector room _in front of managers office _inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz room. 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine 
Vault room 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
_lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588172
--- PAGE 21 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 21 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELA1BWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week -- Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Check all strainers are in place on all floor and sink drains. 
Check bus station stands: 
rubber feet 
_cloth band not frayed. 
Check bottoms of all chairs and bar stools to be sure all plastic pegs are in place. 
Reset nails. 
Check pole and top of stairs holding up balcony is clean or if it needs to be repainted. 
Check molding and doors of linen cabinet under stairs to see if it needs painting. 
Wipe down all speaker wires on balcony. Remove all dust. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588173
--- PAGE 22 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 22 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Spray for bugs around 
all motor and compressors 
cappuccino machine (and 
water pumps) _compressors on all refrigerators that have self-contained compressors 
_glass freezers at bar area _dish machine, remove cover and spray around 
motors. 
Windex all windows. 
Clean all wall sconces and chandeliers. DO NOT SPIN. BE VERY CAREFUL. 
Confirm backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm all CO2 and Nitrogen tanks are chained up. 
Reverse Jazz Room curtains (e.g. Curtain B). The following month 
change to new curtain (e.g. Curtain A). Dry clean old curtain (Curtain B). 
Have office give information, for example cost. 
Advise office of any problems that may arise. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with ice. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGER/MONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588174
--- PAGE 23 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 23 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
PORTER 
WEEK 1 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGEMBWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588175
--- PAGE 24 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 24 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16Ill Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGER/MONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588176
--- PAGE 25 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 25 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588177
--- PAGE 26 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 26 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
PORTER 
WEEK 2 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
U:ANGEMBWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588178
--- PAGE 27 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 27 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16III Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGER/MONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588179
--- PAGE 28 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 28 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 718-706-9827 BY SUNDAY W/E 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588180
--- PAGE 29 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 29 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
PORTER 
WEEK 3 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
U:ANGEMBWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588181
--- PAGE 30 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 30 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16'" Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588182
--- PAGE 31 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 31 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588183
--- PAGE 32 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 32 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
PORTER 
WEEK 4 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
U:ANGEMBWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588184
--- PAGE 33 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 33 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16'" Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588185
--- PAGE 34 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 34 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588186
--- PAGE 35 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 35 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
FIRE INSPECTION DOCUMENT 
This report most be completed and fax it to the Maintenance department office the first week 
of each month. 
Note: Manager with the help of the maintenance man completed the inspection sheet. 
Date of inspection on the line. 
 Fire extinguisher check off list. Confirm with maintenance all fire extinguishers 
are in correct order and back of tag signed (follow check of sheet). 
 Inspection suppression systems (Ansul system) "TAG" is up to date. 
 Confirm Ansul pipes are in position and have caps. 
 Confirm the Deep fry has a divider panel at least 16" high. 
 Confirm we have at list one extinguisher class K in each kitchen. 
 Confirm instructions how to operated Ansul system are posted in kitchens. 
 Confirm duct diagram is posted next to Ansul system. FIRE DEPT. (MO) 
K 15t floor 
K 3rd floor 
K Banquets 
K Green room 
Confirm Certificate of inspection for your Ansul system is on file could be Sentinel or Ideal. 
Exhaust hood sticker is updated and posted to each hood (cleaning service tag) 
Inspect hood filters confirm that there is not one missing. 
Inspection and test of emergency lights and exit lights. 
Confirm all exit doors are clear (adequate egress) 
Confirm you have a copy of PA plans on file. 
Confirm you have in file and updated inspection log of sprinkler, standpipe and 
fire alarm if apply. 
 Inspection and test of smoke detector in storage area if apply. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGER/MONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588187
--- PAGE 36 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 36 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Nuco2 
 Confirm tank is chain to the wall. 
 Certificate of fitness for the driver is posted at the tank 
 Affidavit of installation (must have a copy in manager's office) 
 Log sheet posted on the tank, date for service, pressure test and driver number. 
yr pressure test on file in office. 
 Sings posted (Warning CO2, Caution Carbon Dioxide sticker and Certificate 
of approval sticker on tank) 
Air Conditioning confirms. 
Permits and specifications for each unit. 
OTHERS 
Open flame permits on file and update. 
Flame retarded permits for curtain, ceiling fabrics and furniture covers on file and update. 
Neon permits on file and update "if apply". 
Comments and notes: 
Fax this report to 212- 679-0996. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588188
--- PAGE 37 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 37 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
DISH MACHINE INSPECTION DOC. 
RESTAURANT 
DATE. 
VIP- HAND INSPECTION DOCUMENT TO SANOLITE TECH 
MANAGER: FOLLOW UP ANY PROBLEM AND CONFIRMED IT GET RESOLVED, WRITE NOTE 
OR COMMENTS BEFORE YOU FAX IT. 
MINIMUM TEMPERATURES BY THE BOH. 
WASHE TEMPERATURE 160°.  RINSE TEMPERATURE 180°. 
WASH 
. RINSE. 
PROBLEMS 
CHEMICAL DISPENSER OPERATING PROPERLY 
YES 
, NOT 
,PROBLEM 
WASH AND RINSE ARMS INSPECTION. 
WASH 
,RINSE 
,PROBLEM 
WASH ASSEMBLY. 
RINSE PRESSURE 
CHECK GAGE CONDITIONS. 
INCOMING WATER 
RINSE 
MOTORS CONDITIONS AND SEALS. 
WASH MOTOR 
SEAL. 
RINSE MOTOR 
SEAL. 
CONVEYORS DRIVE 
RINSE DRAIN CLEAR. 
CURTAINS CONDITION BETWEEN TANKS. 
DO YOU SEE ANY LEAK 
? WHERE.  
TEST LEVELS OF 
IN THE MACHINE. 
CHEMICAL EXPLICATION CHARD POSTED 
OTHER CHEMICAL DISPENSERS. 
DISPENSER POT SINK WASHES. 
DISPENSER FOR PRESOAKING SILVERWARE. 
CHEMICAL FOR GREASE TRAPS. 
MACHINE NEED TO BE DESCALED YES 
. NO 
COMMENTS AND ACTIONS TAKE IT. 
FAX TO GERARDO G. (212) 679-0996 
TECH NAME 
. MANAGERS 
©2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGELA/EIWGRAANAGER/MONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588189
--- PAGE 38 ---
As of 8/2/O6 
Page 38 of 4O 
DATE: 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
FIRE EXTINGUISHER CHECK OFF LIST 
RESTAURANT: 
After this report has been filled out, please fax to LIC operations at 718-706-9827. 
LIC. Operations will follow any issue or schedule with the fire preventive company. 
Check all fire extinguishers have proper fire inspection tags on them and are not expired. Initial and 
date the back of the tag under "Monthly Inspection Record". Follow "Fire Extinguisher Check 
Off List" to confirm extinguisher are in assigned places. When sending fire extinguishers out 
for service, you must put the stores name on the bottom in black magic marker. 
AREA 
QTY. 
ID 
LOCATION 
TYPE 
MISSING 
TAG 
NEED 
REFILL 
UNIT 
MISSING 
0.K 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGER/MONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588190
--- PAGE 39 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 39 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
REFRIGERATION COILS CLEANING PROCEDURES 
Coils must be clean and maintained in proper order monthly. This will assure the proper 
functionality of the refrigeration equipment, reducing costly repairs and also reduce energy 
consume. 
Maintenances man needs to have the following items. Plastic brush, coil cleaner, spray bottle. 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
1. In the spray bottle mix water and 4 oz. of coil cleaner. 
2. Turn OFF the compressor. 
3. Once the compressor is OFF spray the formula on the coil and let it work for at list 5 
minutes, repeat spraying, once the grease is loose clean the front of the coil from the 
top to the bottom with the plastic brush. Repeat this operation until the coil is totally 
clean. 
4. When you finish make sure to turn ON the compressor. 
NOTE: Each compressor takes about 15 to 20 minutes to clean. 
All compressors need to be clean, including the refrigeration units that do not have cooling 
coil. (Water cooling units, self contain or remote compressors). 
VIP Report any problem with compressor to managers. Be specific. 
Refrigeration unit 
Num# 
Unit description 
System type 
Compressors 
location 
O2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:ANGELA/BWG/MANAGER/MONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588191
--- PAGE 40 ---
As of 8/2/06 
Page 40 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
HOST REFERRAL 
If you cannot accommodate a party at their desired time, and they are not flexible in time, then 
you must refer them to another BRG restaurant. "El sorry, but we are fully committed at that 
time, if you're time is not flexible perhaps I can recommend another of our restaurants who 
might be able to accommodate you." You will receive a list from your manager as to what 
restaurants you should push the business to. Think of yourself as the guest. You should 
guide them to similar cuisine, location and price when possible. Be sure to let the guest know 
you are only making a suggestion, not guaranteeing them that the restaurant you recommend 
will have the availability they desire. 
HOST HOLIDAY REFERAL 
When you arrive for your shift check for the e-mail that is posted telling you which BRGuest 
restaurants have availability, for what size tables and what times. If you do not see the list 
posted ask a manager to print one for you. You should have a copy of this list in front of you for 
your entire shift. Use the list to guide your guests to other BRGuest restaurants as noted 
above. 
MANAGERS HOLIDAY REFERAL 
Depending on the holiday restaurants will book up at different speeds. When you see that you 
are booked for a certain seating or group of time slots you must advise on the 1010is 
conference call. The assigned office assistant will compile a list of all restaurant availability. As 
you book additional seating or groups of timeslots continue to update. You must review the 
updated information on the 1010am conference call. The assistant will e-mail all managers the 
updated list everyday, starting the day after the first restaurant has booked a seating or group 
of timeslots. 
OFFICE ASSISTANT HOLIDAY REFERAL 
You will send out a list of each stores holiday availability starting as soon as you receive word 
that the first store no longer has full availability. The list must be e-mailed to all managers and 
all DO's by11.30am everyday until the day of the holiday in question. 
O2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:ANGEMBWG/MANAGERRAONTHLY PLANNING SCHEDULE/FEBRUARY 
EFTA00588192

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588193.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588193.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 8103/06 
Page 1 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
MAINTENANCE DOCUMENT 
1/22/03 
GM Assign each item to be completed by Specific Date. 
MASTER 
WEEK 1 
VIP fire inspection document completed and faxed to Laurel, Gerardo and Gary. 
Follow up any problem. Keep records. 
Note: In case of inspection by the FDNY. E-mail the result of the inspection 
Keep copy and follow any problem. Send original to Seemoy. 
Exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction document. 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Once a monthly only on the 1st Monday water your main plant on the stairwell. 
Only pour small amounts of water around trunk of plant till base overflows then 
drain base and do it again. You must soak all soil since you only do this 1 time a 
month. Approximately 4 pitchers. 
Have all waiters bring all table adjustment feet to "0" and rebalance. 
Wipe down all Bar and chair legs, and table bases. Remove all gum from under Bar rail 
and under regular chairs and tables. (porter) 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Have dishwasher soap supplier, test machine with test paper to be sure proper amounts 
of chemical are being used. Too little --you won't pass BOH; too much --and you're 
wasting money. Review and check this with service man at time of testing. 
Have dishwasher decaled. They only need 1/6 of a gallon of chemical. 1 gal. = 6mos. 
Have the Sanolite technician fill the preventive check off sheet for dish machine and 
Follow any recommendations. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588193
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 8103/06 
Page 2 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
inspect and keep organized soda room. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Have each manager on 3 different days go through 
garbage with dishwasher 
linen with busboy. Review findings with other managers and workers. 
Check all large folding tables for any necessary repairs or painting. 
Check plastic weave on café chairs for any rips or pieces of weave coming undone, can 
cause harm to clothing as plastic is hard. 
Evaluate any interior & exterior required painting. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588194
--- PAGE 3 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 3 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
WEEK 2 
2nd Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master 
instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault 
Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the 
corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Check and record stock of Matches amt. 
, amt. 
Comment Cards amt. 
and Amex Paper 
amt. 
Remove carefully glass shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, 
dust and clean. 
Replace glass carefully. _Main Room 
Balcony 
Jazz Room 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in a 
basket after two weeks 
discard shoes left in basket. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking 
soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
padding. 
ifs clean, 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Confirm beer lines were cleaned in last 4 weeks. 
Inspect Clean and replace (if necessary) any white foam table 
Inform maintenance. 
Check Weather Gear 
raincoats, 
winter coat (heavy) and 
porters coat, 
gloves, _boots. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588195
--- PAGE 4 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 4 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Confirm speakers are positioned correctly on main floor and 
balcony. 
Check conditions of all wicker linen baskets, replace as needed. 
Pull out banquette seats, clean and reset glue traps and seal any 
holes. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or 
BOH. 
 Banquettes and furniture inspection. 
Please inspect all your banquettes, look for rips, loose springs or if 
it is wearing out. If you need your banquettes repaired take a floor 
plan and mark the banquettes with damage and a small note 
explaining the problem. Then fax it to LIC to Gary A. Then follow 
up with an e-mail to Gary A. and Gerardo G. letting us know the 
problems and that you faxed the floor plan. Within a couple of days 
Gary should have a scheduled day for the repair. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or 
rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IfttaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588196
--- PAGE 5 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 5 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
©2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U\Maintenancelbwg\BWG• January.doc 
EFTA00588197
--- PAGE 6 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 6 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
WEEK 3 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the 
corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Clean out beer and wine in walk-in refrigerator completely. Clean 
racks and rotate 
stock. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking 
soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Check and test Alarm System once a month. 
All Alarm buttons at--
a: 
Host Stand 
b: 
Behind Bar Upstairs 
c: 
Bar Downstairs 
d: 
Waiters Hutch Downstairs 
e: 
Host Stand Downstairs 
f: 
In manager office. 
Circuit board and key pad in manager office. 
g: 
Pendants 
Check managers' and chefs' phone and beeper numbers are 
correct. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
Check all coffee areas have a bang bar on a chain with metal cap. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or 
BOH. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588198
--- PAGE 7 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 7 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
0,2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U\Maintenancelbwg\BWG• January.doc 
EFTA00588199
--- PAGE 8 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 8 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
WEEK 4 
4th Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master 
instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault 
Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the 
corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
See chefs maintenance notes: 
U:ANGELMBWGIKITCHEMCLEANING 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking 
soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
and 
damage 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Discard old, torn, logo discolored & plastic inserts torn AMEX books 
order new ones. The lead time is 4-6 weeks. 
Curtains in Bank Vault Room (clean as needed). Over cleaning will 
the curtains. 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in 
plastic crate. After 2 
weeks discard shoes that are left. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588200
--- PAGE 9 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 9 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Check all chairs and banquettes for rips, holes and burns 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Test all thermostats are at 72° and confirm auto mode (on 
thermostat) will call for heat 
or cold as needed. If problem, contact Arista. 
Check porters using drill bits on ovens to unclog jet holes. 
Test all "Bug & Fly machines". Make sure they are in proper 
working order. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or 
BOH. 
Confirm cleaning of all coils & drain lines in all refrigeration 
compressors. Follow coil 
cleaning document. 
Check all carpet on balcony and in Vault Room. Clean, if 
necessary. (Carpets should 
be cleaned 4-6 times a year approximately). 
Check if sidewalk area needs power washing. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or 
rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or 
Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must 
inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with 
ice. 
Check all café chairs. Send any with broken weave to be repaired 
at L.I.C. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:thlaIntenancelbwgIBWG- January.doe 
EFTA00588201
--- PAGE 10 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 10 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
©2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U\Maintenancelbwg\BWG• January.doc 
EFTA00588202
--- PAGE 11 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 11 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 1 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched 
café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: 
_balcony 
_Jazz room 
Vault room 
Dust sofits 
_Jazz room ceiling 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside refrigerator room 
by 
building boiler room 
on top of oil tank. 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition _in front of beer 
walk-in box 
in ejector room 
in front of managers office _inside 
basement by water 
heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. 
Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main 
floor _Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front 
door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IfttaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588203
--- PAGE 12 ---
As of 81031C
Page 12 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean 
with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machine 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
Replace filter if 
necessary. 
lower level coffee station. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all 
front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and 
stoppers. 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 
over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open 
access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz 
Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter 
_at oyster bar A/C unit 
_clean NC unit over beer 
NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if 
needs to be drained) 
walk-in box 
area 
is clean and 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IfttaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588204
--- PAGE 13 ---
As of 81031C
Page 13 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions 
to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELA1BWMELEVATOR). Be careful. 
Confirm sump 
pump working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow 
Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in 
addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling, especially over tables 
65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of A/C only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any 
holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat 
correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and 
B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up 
to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
On West end of café (near Union Square restaurant) clean 6" —
high vent (lift cover); 
clean air curtain screen by back metal doors; clean 2 screens 
above. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
Clean all smoke eater cells in 4 units for Jazz room: 
kitchen walk-in, 
over beer walk-in 
in main office. 
over 
Clean outside vents on platform roof. (Stairs next to back door). 
_Makeup air — clean and replace filters 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IfttaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588205
--- PAGE 14 ---
As of 8103/C
Page 14 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
_AC fresh air supply at far end 
_Check all timers for makeup air for kitchen hoods 
Clean motors behind convection ovens in lower kitchen. 
Oil, water pump and heaters in basement. 
Oil with WD 40 all door locks for doors and pad locks for walk-in 
box. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (BOH). 
Check all refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and on all walk-in box 
Check large folding party tables for any necessary repairs or 
Remove panel on glass wall in vault room and dust off back and 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for 
correct light levels. 
painting 
doors 
front of wall. 
Check dimmer control zone charts are posted and all zones are 
marked correctly to 
zone chart. Don't change sitting without asking management first. 
Then adjust 
cloth. 
necessary document. All zone changes 5-7 minutes except for AM 
Clean and dust top pink ceiling in Jazz Room. Use lightly damp 
Dust and check lights on top level and lights on second level. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You 
will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IfttaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588206
--- PAGE 15 ---
As of 81031C
Page 15 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM 
porters. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588207
--- PAGE 16 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 16 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 2 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
Jazz room 
Vault 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace 
bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. Replace glass carefully. 
_balcony Mezzanine 
under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition _in front of beer 
walk-in box 
_ejector room _in front of managers office _inside 
basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. 
Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm 
pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main 
floor _Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside 
lamps in floor of café _front 
door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588208
--- PAGE 17 ---
As of 81031C
Page 17 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean 
with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
Replace filter if 
necessary. 
lower level coffee station. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all 
front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and 
stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz 
Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if 
needs to be drained) 
walk-in box 
area 
is clean and 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions 
to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: WP51BWMELEVATOR). Be careful. 
Confirm sump pump is 
working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. 
(To be done twice a week — Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:1MaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588209
--- PAGE 18 ---
As of 81031C
Page 18 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any 
holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat 
correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and 
B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar _steps up to 
Jazz service bar area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean coils of all compressors: 
in compressor room 
above 
beer walk-in box 
_stairs in platform area 
NC for vault room. Blow out all 
drain lines for any 
type of compressors. 
Clean both kitchen coils for _salad crisper 
freezer 
runners refrigerator 
in Main kitchen _refrigerator next to steamers in Main kitchen. 
Check NC Sprinkler system located in back alley to see if it needs 
to be drained. 
Check all faucets at all prep area sinks, all bathrooms (including 
employee bathroom), 
dishwasher area, pot washers and plumbing area in good order. 
Check floor drain covers in kitchen (under coffee area, dishwasher 
line, prep area, ice 
room bakery). 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Main Floor. 
Check on both floors all sinks have drain cover screens and are 
screwed down at 
_at bar sinks 
_pantry area sink 
_pot sink 
in dish room 
dish area sink 
_all oyster bar sinks 
Test all "Bug and Fly Machines". Make sure they are in proper 
working order. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IfttaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588210
--- PAGE 19 ---
As of 81031C
Page 19 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Check all smoke detectors are in working order: 
_coat check room 
_dry goods area 
sofit above lockers 
prep kitchen. 
porters. 
COMMENTS: 
by locker area 
storage above 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588211
--- PAGE 20 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 20 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
©2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U\Maintenancelbwg\BWG• January.doc 
EFTA00588212
--- PAGE 21 ---
As of 81031C
Page 21 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 3 
café doors. 
Vault 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
_Jazz room 
Dust sofits 
_Jazz room ceiling 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside refrigerator room 
by 
building boiler room 
on top of oil tank. 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition _in front of beer 
walk-in box 
by water heater 
in ejector 
in front of managers office _inside basement 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. 
Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main 
floor _Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front 
door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for 
correct light levels. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588213
--- PAGE 22 ---
As of 81031C
Page 22 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dish washer clean 
with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main 
kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
lower level coffee station. 
Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all 
front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and 
stoppers. 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 
over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open 
access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz 
Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter 
_at oyster bar A/C unit 
_clean NC unit over beer 
NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if 
needs to be drained) 
walk-in box 
area 
is clean and 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IfttaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588214
--- PAGE 23 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 23 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions 
to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELA1BWMELEVATOR). Be careful. 
Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow 
Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in 
addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling, especially over tables 
65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of A/C only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any 
holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat 
correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and 
B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up 
to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean and dust stereo units in all areas. (Use can of compressed 
air). Spray all NCR 
computers 
_Jazz room 
_Main host stand 
Bank vault 
Main stereo unit off coat check room. 
Oil, water pump for water heaters in basement. 
Downstairs 
Check all exit lights and emergency lights are working (8 total) 
Upstairs: 
_door to back alley 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588215
--- PAGE 24 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 24 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
door to main entrance 
between tables #22 and #23 over café doors 
at base of stairs outside coat check area 
over entrance to Jazz room 
over exit to Jazz kitchen by bread station 
outside dish room (hallway) 
base of back stairs to upstairs kitchen 
Change oil in power sprayer. Use 30 weight non-detergent oil. 
Blow out: 
_all bar sinks 
(in basement) 
_service ice bin in both 
_oyster bar 
above fish walk-in) 
_both kitchen floors 
_cappuccino drain 
_pantry sink drain 
areas. 
steam tables 
_slop sink 
bars 
_all 4 NC unit drain lines: 
above beer walk-in 
blow out walk-in compressor drain 
main and balcony bathroom sinks 
inside of line refrigerators 
Check hinges on all doors at host stand and at all waiter service 
Look at oyster bar glass. Replace sections as needed. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
 Paint large outdoor garbage area gate doors with black gloss paint. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
_by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM 
porters. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You 
will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588216
--- PAGE 25 ---
As of 81031C
Page 25 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Check with maintenance man all electric clock timers are all on 
correct times. 
Follow Master Doc. 
_exhaust main kitchen 
_makeup main kitchen 
(Located by staircase inside black cage on main floor). 
_exhaust prep kitchen 
_makeup air prep kitchen 
(Located on the south wall above traulsen refrigerator in prep 
kitchen). 
timer. 
each refrigerator compressor in the ejector room has its own 
Check belts and grease bearings on exhaust and make up air. 
prep kitchen and 
main kitchen. 
Check you have backup fuses for main service and plastic fuse 
puller inside main panel. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
Confirm you have back up NC filters. If you need more ask 
manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have back up water filters. If you need more ask 
manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
doors. 
Confirm you have backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm you have the back up motor for the kitchen exhaust. 
Check you have backup belts _exhaust 
_makeup air. 
Check bathrooms exhaust fans are working. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (B.O.H.). 
Check all refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and all walk-in box 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588217
--- PAGE 26 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 26 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Confirm dish machine exhaust is working properly. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IrtiaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588218
--- PAGE 27 ---
As of 81031C
Page 27 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 4 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
Vault Room 
confirm all mirrors are level in jazz room. 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace 
bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace glass carefully. _balcony Mezzanine _under 
stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
walk-in box 
_ejector room _in front of managers office _inside 
basement by water heater. 
in front of beer 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. 
Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz room. 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm 
pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main 
floor _Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside 
lamps in floor of café _front 
door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588219
--- PAGE 28 ---
As of 81031C
Page 28 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean 
with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
Replace filter if 
necessary. 
lower level coffee station. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all 
front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and 
stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz 
Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if 
needs to be drained) 
walk-in box 
area 
is clean and 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions 
to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELA1BWMELEVATOR). Be careful. 
Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow 
Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in 
addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588220
--- PAGE 29 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 29 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any 
holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat 
correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and 
B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up 
to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Check all strainers are in place on all floor and sink drains. 
Check bus station stands: 
rubber feet 
cloth band not 
frayed. 
Check bottoms of all chairs and bar stools to be sure all plastic 
pegs are in place. 
Reset nails. 
Check pole and top of stairs holding up balcony is clean or if it 
needs to be repainted. 
Check molding and doors of linen cabinet under stairs to see if it 
needs painting. 
Wipe down all speaker wires on balcony. Remove all dust. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Spray for bugs around 
all motor and compressors 
_cappuccino machine (and 
water pumps) _compressors on all refrigerators that have self-
contained compressors 
_glass freezers at bar area _dish machine, remove cover and 
spray around motors. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588221
--- PAGE 30 ---
As of 81031C
Page 30 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Windex all windows. 
Clean all wall sconces and chandeliers. DO NOT SPIN. BE VERY 
CAREFUL. 
Confirm backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm all CO2 and Nitrogen tanks are chained up. 
Reverse Jazz Room curtains (e.g. Curtain B). The following month 
change to new curtain (e.g. Curtain A). Dry clean old curtain 
(Curtain B). 
Have office give information, for example cost. 
Advise office of any problems that may arise. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM 
porters. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or 
Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must 
inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with 
ice. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588222
--- PAGE 31 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 31 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
PORTER 
WEEK 1 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area 
and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size 
broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top 
of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you 
are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY:
service area wall. 
entrance, door 
sides of ducts by host 
first floor. 
areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to 
bathroom around pay phones and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to 
service bus station 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, 
kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588223
--- PAGE 32 ---
As of 81031C
Page 32 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 
to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window 
shades inside and out. 
and out all window 
cloth. 
damp cloth. 
around bar and back bar. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 
to 67. Go up to balcony and clean all windows 
and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside 
and out all window blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to 
bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, 
service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen 
entrance, paneling behind table 56. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588224
--- PAGE 33 ---
As of 81031C
Page 33 of 54 
light fixtures 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY:
platform from host 
Dust all 12 wall lamp 
Room. 
Clean and polish paneling along entire 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush 
the 5 awnings on 
16th Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out 
with the water hose. Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much 
water. It can get in the restaurant and damage the floors. 
basement 
in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588225
--- PAGE 34 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 34 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
, 2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
UaMaintenancethwgIBWG. January.doc 
EFTA00588226
--- PAGE 35 ---
As of 81031C
Page 35 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
PORTER 
WEEK 2 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area 
and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size 
broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top 
of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you 
are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY:
service area wall. 
entrance, door 
sides of ducts by host 
first floor. 
areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to 
bathroom around pay phones and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to 
service bus station 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, 
kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588227
--- PAGE 36 ---
As of 81031C
Page 36 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 
to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window 
shades inside and out. 
and out all window 
cloth. 
damp cloth. 
around bar and back bar. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 
to 67. Go up to balcony and clean all windows 
and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside 
and out all window blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to 
bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, 
service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen 
entrance, paneling behind table 56. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588228
--- PAGE 37 ---
As of 81031C
Page 37 of 54 
light fixtures 
from host 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY:
Dust all 12 wall lamp 
Room. 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush 
the 5 awnings on 
16th Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out 
with the water hose. Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much 
water. It can get in the restaurant and damage the floors. 
basement 
in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588229
--- PAGE 38 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 38 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 718-706-9827 BY SUNDAY W/E 
©2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U\Maintenancelbwg\BWG• January.doc 
EFTA00588230
--- PAGE 39 ---
As of 81031C
Page 39 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
PORTER 
WEEK 3 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area 
and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size 
broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top 
of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you 
are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY:
service area wall. 
entrance, door 
sides of ducts by host 
first floor. 
areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to 
bathroom around pay phones and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to 
service bus station 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, 
kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588231
--- PAGE 40 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 40 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 
to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window 
shades inside and out. 
and out all window 
cloth. 
damp cloth. 
around bar and back bar. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 
to 67. Go up to balcony and clean all windows 
and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside 
and out all window blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to 
bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, 
service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen 
entrance, paneling behind table 56. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588232
--- PAGE 41 ---
As of 8103/C
Page 41 of 54 
light fixtures 
from host 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY:
Dust all 12 wall lamp 
Room. 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush 
the 5 awnings on 
16th Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out 
with the water hose. Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much 
water. It can get in the restaurant and damage the floors. 
basement 
in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588233
--- PAGE 42 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 42 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
©2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U\Maintenancelbwg\BWG• January.doc 
EFTA00588234
--- PAGE 43 ---
As of 8103/C
Page 43 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
PORTER 
WEEK 4 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area 
and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size 
broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top 
of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you 
are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY:
service area wall. 
entrance, door 
sides of ducts by host 
first floor. 
areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to 
bathroom around pay phones and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to 
service bus station 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, 
kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588235
--- PAGE 44 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 44 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 
to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window 
shades inside and out. 
and out all window 
cloth. 
damp cloth. 
around bar and back bar. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 
to 67. Go up to balcony and clean all windows 
and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside 
and out all window blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to 
bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, 
service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen 
entrance, paneling behind table 56. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588236
--- PAGE 45 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 45 of 54 
light fixtures 
from host 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY:
Dust all 12 wall lamp 
Room. 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush 
the 5 awnings on 
16th Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out 
with the water hose. Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much 
water. It can get in the restaurant and damage the floors. 
basement 
in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588237
--- PAGE 46 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 46 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE 
PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
FIRE INSPECTION DOCUMENT 
This report most be completed and fax it to the Maintenance department 
office the first week of each month. 
Note; Manager with the help of the maintenance man completed the inspection 
sheet. 
©2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Waintenancelbwg1BWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588238
--- PAGE 47 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 47 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Date of inspection on the line. 
 Fire extinguisher check off list. Confirm with maintenance all fire 
extinguishers 
are in correct order and back of tag signed (follow check of sheet). 
Inspection suppression systems (Ansul system) "TAG" is up to date. 
Confirm Ansul pipes are in position and have caps. 
Confirm the Deep fry has a divider panel at least 16" high. 
Confirm we have at list one extinguisher class K in each kitchen. 
Confirm instructions how to operated Ansul system are posted in 
kitchens. 
 Confirm duct diagram is posted next to Ansul system. FIRE DEPT. 
(MO) 
K 151 floor 
K 3rd floor 
K Banquets 
K Green room 
 Confirm Certificate of inspection for your Ansul system is on file could 
be Sentinel or Ideal. 
 Exhaust hood sticker is updated and posted to each hood (cleaning 
service tag) 
Inspect hood filters confirm that there is not one missing. 
Inspection and test of emergency lights and exit lights. 
Confirm all exit doors are clear (adequate egress) 
Confirm you have a copy of PA plans on file. 
 Confirm you have in file and updated inspection log of sprinkler, 
standpipe and 
fire alarm if apply. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588239
--- PAGE 48 ---
As of 81031C
Page 48 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Inspection and test of smoke detector in storage area if apply. 
Nuco2 
Confirm tank is chain to the wall. 
Certificate of fitness for the driver is posted at the tank 
Affidavit of installation (must have a copy in manager's office) 
 Log sheet posted on the tank, date for service, pressure test and 
driver number. 
yr pressure test on file in office. 
 Sings posted (Warning CO2, Caution Carbon Dioxide sticker and 
Certificate 
of approval sticker on tank) 
Air Conditioning confirms. 
Permits and specifications for each unit. 
OTHERS 
Open flame permits on file and update. 
Flame retarded permits for curtain, ceiling fabrics and furniture covers 
on file and update. 
Neon permits on file and update "if apply". 
Comments and notes: 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwg03WG- January.doc 
EFTA00588240
--- PAGE 49 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 49 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Fax this report to 212- 679-0996. 
©2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:1Maintenancelbwg\BWG• January.doc 
EFTA00588241
--- PAGE 50 ---
As of 8103/C
Page 50 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
DISH MACHINE INSPECTION DOC. 
RESTAURANT 
DATE. 
VIP- HAND INSPECTION DOCUMENT TO SANOLITE TECH 
MANAGER: FOLLOW UP ANY PROBLEM AND CONFIRMED IT GET 
RESOLVED, WRITE NOTE OR COMMENTS BEFORE YOU FAX IT. 
MINIMUM TEMPERATURES BY THE BOH. 
WASHE TEMPERATURE 160°. RINSE TEMPERATURE 180°. 
WASH 
. RINSE. 
PROBLEMS 
CHEMICAL DISPENSER OPERATING PROPERLY 
YES 
, NOT 
,PROBLEM 
WASH AND RINSE ARMS INSPECTION. 
WASH 
, RINSE 
,PROBLEM 
WASH ASSEMBLY. 
RINSE PRESSURE 
CHECK GAGE CONDITIONS. 
INCOMING WATER 
RINSE 
MOTORS CONDITIONS AND SEALS. 
WASH MOTOR 
SEAL. 
RINSE MOTOR 
SEAL. 
CONVEYORS DRIVE 
RINSE DRAIN CLEAR. 
CURTAINS CONDITION BETWEEN TANKS. 
DO YOU SEE ANY LEAK 
? WHERE.  
TEST LEVELS OF •. 
IN THE MACHINE. 
CHEMICAL EXPLICATION CHARD POSTED 
OTHER CHEMICAL DISPENSERS. 
DISPENSER POT SINK WASHES. 
DISPENSER FOR PRESOAKING SILVERWARE. 
CHEMICAL FOR GREASE TRAPS. 
MACHINE NEED TO BE DESCALED YES 
. NO 
COMMENTS AND ACTIONS TAKE IT. 
FAX TO GERARDO G. (212) 679-0996 
©2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588242
--- PAGE 51 ---
As of 81031C
Page 51 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
TECH NAME 
. MANAGERS 
FIRE EXTINGUISHER CHECK OFF LIST 
DATE: 
RESTAURANT: 
After this report has been filled out, please fax to LIC operations at 718-706-
9827. 
LIC. Operations will follow any issue or schedule with the fire preventive 
company. 
Check all fire extinguishers have proper fire inspection tags on them and are not 
expired. Initial and date the back of the tag under "Monthly Inspection 
Record". Follow "Fire Extinguisher Check Off List" to confirm 
extinguisher are in assigned places. When sending fire extinguishers out 
for service, you must put the stores name on the bottom in black magic 
marker. 
AREA 
QTY. 
ID 
LOCATION 
TYPE 
MISSING 
TAG 
NEED REFILL UNIT 
MISSING 
C
@2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
UAlaintenancelbwolBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588243
--- PAGE 52 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 52 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
REFRIGERATION COILS CLEANING PROCEDURES 
Coils must be clean and maintained in proper order monthly. This will 
assure the proper functionality of the refrigeration equipment, reducing 
costly repairs and also reduce energy consume. 
Maintenances man needs to have the following items. Plastic brush, coil 
cleaner, spray bottle. 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
1. In the spray bottle mix water and 4 oz. of coil cleaner. 
2. Turn OFF the compressor. 
3. Once the compressor is OFF spray the formula on the coil and let it 
work for at list 5 minutes, repeat spraying, once the grease is loose 
clean the front of the coil from the top to the bottom with the plastic 
brush. Repeat this operation until the coil is totally clean. 
4. When you finish make sure to turn ON the compressor. 
NOTE: Each compressor takes about 15 to 20 minutes to clean. 
All compressors need to be clean, including the refrigeration units that 
do not have cooling coil. (Water cooling units, self contain or remote 
compressors). 
VIP Report any problem with compressor to managers. Be specific. 
Refrigeration unit 
Num# 
Unit description 
System type Compressors 
location 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:1Maintenancelbwg\BWG• January.doc 
EFTA00588244
--- PAGE 53 ---
As of 81031C
Page 53 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
HOST REFERRAL 
If you cannot accommodate a party at their desired time, and they are not 
flexible in time, then you must refer them to another BRG restaurant. "U 
sorry, but we are fully committed at that time, if you're time is not flexible 
perhaps I can recommend another of our restaurants who might be able to 
accommodate you." You will receive a list from your manager as to what 
restaurants you should push the business to. Think of yourself as the 
guest. You should guide them to similar cuisine, location and price when 
possible. Be sure to let the guest know you are only making a suggestion, 
not guaranteeing them that the restaurant you recommend will have the 
availability they desire. 
HOST HOLIDAY REFERAL 
When you arrive for your shift check for the e-mail that is posted telling 
you which BRGuest restaurants have availability, for what size tables and 
what times. If you do not see the list posted ask a manager to print one for 
you. You should have a copy of this list in front of you for your entire shift. 
Use the list to guide your guests to other BRGuest restaurants as noted 
above. 
MANAGERS HOLIDAY REFERAL 
Depending on the holiday restaurants will book up at different speeds. 
When you see that you are booked for a certain seating or group of time 
slots you must advise on the 1010is conference call. The assigned office 
assistant will compile a list of all restaurant availability. As you book 
additional seating or groups of timeslots continue to update. You must 
review the updated information on the 1010am conference call. The 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588245
--- PAGE 54 ---
As of 8/03/C
Page 54 of 54 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
assistant will e-mail all managers the updated list everyday, starting the 
day after the first restaurant has booked a seating or group of timeslots. 
OFFICE ASSISTANT HOLIDAY REFERAL 
You will send out a list of each stores holiday availability starting as soon 
as you receive word that the first store no longer has full availability. The 
list must be e-mailed to all managers and all DO's by11.30am everyday 
until the day of the holiday in question. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IMaintenancelbwgIBWG- January.doc 
EFTA00588246

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588247.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588247.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 7/16/04 
Page 1 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
MAINTENANCE DOCUMENT 
1/22/03 
GM Assign each item to be completed by Specific Date. 
MASTER 
WEEK 1 
VIP fire inspection document completed and faxed to Laurel, Gerardo and Gary. 
Follow up any problem. Keep records. 
Note: In case of inspection by the FDNY. E-mail the result of the inspection 
Keep copy and follow any problem. Send original to Seemoy. 
Exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction document. 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Once a monthly only on the 1m Monday water your main plant on the stairwell. 
Only pour small amounts of water around trunk of plant till base overflows then 
drain base and do it again. You must soak all soil since you only do this 1 time a 
month. Approximately 4 pitchers. 
Have all waiters bring all table adjustment feet to "0" and rebalance. 
Wipe down all Bar and chair legs, and table bases. Remove all gum from under Bar rail 
and under regular chairs and tables. (porter) 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Have dishwasher soap supplier, test machine with test paper to be sure proper amounts 
of chemical are being used. Too little --you won't pass BOH; too much --and you're 
wasting money. Review and check this with service man at time of testing. 
Have dishwasher decaled. They only need 1/6 of a gallon of chemical. 1 gal. = 6mos. 
Have the Sanolite technician fill the preventive check off sheet for dish machine and 
Follow any recommendations. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Inspect and keep organized soda room. 
O2O03 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588247
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 7/16/04 
Page 2 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Have each manager on 3 different days go through 
garbage with dishwasher 
linen with busboy. Review findings with other managers and workers. 
Check all large folding tables for any necessary repairs or painting. 
Check plastic weave on café chairs for any rips or pieces of weave coming undone, can 
cause harm to clothing as plastic is hard. 
Evaluate any interior & exterior required painting. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2003 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UWaintenanceUswgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588248
--- PAGE 3 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 3 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
WEEK 2 
2nd Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room _Vault Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Check and record stock of Matches amt. 
, amt. 
Comment Cards amt. 
and Amex Paper amt. 
Remove carefully glass shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. 
Replace glass carefully. _Main Room 
Balcony 
Jazz Room 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in a basket after two weeks 
discard shoes left in basket. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Confirm beer lines were cleaned in last 4 weeks. 
Inspect Clean and replace (if necessary) any white foam table padding. 
Inform maintenance. 
Check Weather Gear 
raincoats, 
winter coat (heavy) and it's clean, 
porters coat, 
gloves, 
boots. 
Confirm speakers are positioned correctly on main floor and balcony. 
Check conditions of all wicker linen baskets, replace as needed. 
Pull out banquette seats, clean and reset glue traps and seal any holes. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588249
--- PAGE 4 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 4 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
 Banquettes and furniture inspection. 
Please inspect all your banquettes, look for rips, loose springs or if it is wearing out. If 
you need your banquettes repaired take a floor plan and mark the banquettes with 
damage and a small note explaining the problem. Then fax it to LIC to Gary A. Then 
follow up with an e-mail to Gary A. and Gerardo G. letting us know the problems and 
that you faxed the floor plan. Within a couple of days Gary should have a scheduled 
day for the repair. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UWaintenanceUswgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588250
--- PAGE 5 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 5 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
WEEK 3 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Clean out beer and wine in walk-in refrigerator completely. Clean racks and rotate 
stock. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Check and test Alarm System once a month. 
All Alarm buttons at--
a: 
Host Stand 
b: 
Behind Bar Upstairs 
c: 
Bar Downstairs 
d: 
Waiters Hutch Downstairs 
e: 
Host Stand Downstairs 
f: 
In manager office. 
Circuit board and key pad in manager office. 
g: 
Pendants 
Check managers' and chefs' phone and beeper numbers are correct. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
Check all coffee areas have a bang bar on a chain with metal cap. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
Any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588251
--- PAGE 6 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 6 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
,D2004 8.R. Guest. Inc. 
U.IMaintenancelbwg,SWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588252
--- PAGE 7 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 7 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
WEEK 4 
4th Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
See chefs maintenance notes: U:ANGELA1BWMKITCHEMCLEANING 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Discard old, torn, logo discolored & plastic inserts torn AMEX books and 
order new ones. The lead time is 4-6 weeks. 
Curtains in Bank Vault Room (clean as needed). Over cleaning will damage 
the curtains. 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in plastic crate. After 2 
weeks discard shoes that are left. 
Check all chairs and banquettes for rips, holes and burns 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Test all thermostats are at 72° and confirm auto mode (on thermostat) will call for heat 
or cold as needed. If problem, contact Arista. 
Check porters using drill bits on ovens to unclog jet holes. 
Test all "Bug & Fly machines". Make sure they are in proper working order. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
Any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
Confirm cleaning of all coils & drain lines in all refrigeration compressors. Follow coil 
cleaning document. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:1MaintenancelbwOWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588253
--- PAGE 8 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 8 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Check all carpet on balcony and in Vault Room. Clean, if necessary. (Carpets should 
be cleaned 4-6 times a year approximately). 
Check if sidewalk area needs power washing. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
Maintenances man inspect and confirm all the chairs 
Have protective pegs under legs. 
Maintenances man scrape and remove gum on side walk, 
power wash side walk if necessary. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with ice. 
Check all café chairs. Send any with broken weave to be repaired at L.I.C. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UMEtintenancelbwg1BWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588254
--- PAGE 9 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 9 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 1 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: 
_balcony 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Dust sofits 
Jazz room ceiling 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
on top of oil tank. 
inside refrigerator room 
by building boiler room 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition _in front of beer walk-in box 
_in ejector room 
in front of managers office _inside basement by water 
heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
_main kitchen coffee station 
necessary. 
at 4 ice machine 
main kitchen steamers 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:VtintenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588255
--- PAGE 10 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 10 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 1 over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week -- Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling, especially over tables 65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of NC only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
On West end of café (near Union Square restaurant) clean 6" — high vent (lift cover); 
clean air curtain screen by back metal doors; clean 2 screens above. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:UNaintenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588256
--- PAGE 11 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 11 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Clean all smoke eater cells in 4 units for Jazz room: 
over beer walk-in 
in main office. 
over kitchen walk-in, 
Clean outside vents on platform roof. (Stairs next to back door). 
_Makeup air — clean and replace filters 
_AC fresh air supply at far end 
_Check all timers for makeup air for kitchen hoods 
Clean motors behind convection ovens in lower kitchen. 
Oil, water pump and heaters in basement. 
Oil with WD 40 all door locks for doors and pad locks for walk-in box. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (SOH). 
Check all refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and on all walk-in box doors 
Check large folding party tables for any necessary repairs or painting 
Remove panel on glass wall in vault room and dust off back and front of wall. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for correct light levels. 
Check dimmer control zone charts are posted and all zones are marked correctly to 
zone chart. Don't change sitting without asking management first. Then adjust 
necessary document. All zone changes 5-7 minutes except for AM 
Clean and dust top pink ceiling in Jazz Room. Use lightly damp cloth. 
Dust and check lights on top level and lights on second level. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:1MaIntenancelbwOWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588257
--- PAGE 12 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 12 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
,-..,2004 8.R. Guest. Inc. 
LOMaintenancelbwg,SWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588258
--- PAGE 13 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 13 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 2 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
Jazz room 
Vault 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. Replace glass carefully. 
balcony Mezzanine 
under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
in front of beer walk-in box 
ejector room _in front of managers office 
inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine 
Vault room 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
_lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588259
--- PAGE 14 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 14 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGEUMBWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator (718) 387-
7500. (To be done twice a week -- Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily Porters 
work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar _steps up to Jazz service bar area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean coils of all compressors: 
in compressor room 
above beer walk-in box 
_stairs in platform area 
NC for vault room. Blow out all drain lines for any 
type of compressors. 
Clean both kitchen coils for _salad crisper 
freezer _runners refrigerator 
in Main kitchen _refrigerator next to steamers in Main kitchen. 
Check NC Sprinkler system located in back alley to see if it needs to be drained. 
Check all faucets at all prep area sinks, all bathrooms (including employee bathroom), 
dishwasher area, pot washers and plumbing area in good order. 
Check floor drain covers in kitchen (under coffee area, dishwasher line, prep area, ice 
room bakery). 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Main Floor. 
Check on both floors all sinks have drain cover screens and are screwed down at 
_at bar sinks 
_pantry area sink 
_pot sink in dish room 
_dish area sink 
_all oyster bar sinks 
@2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588260
--- PAGE 15 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 15 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Test all "Bug and Fly Machines". Make sure they are in proper working order. 
Check all smoke detectors are in working order: 
by locker area _coat check room 
_dry goods area 
sofit above lockers 
storage above prep kitchen. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UWaintenanceUswgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588261
--- PAGE 16 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 16 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 3 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony _Jazz room _Vault 
Dust sofits 
Jazz room ceiling 
_above in linen storage area 
_main kitchen coffee station 
necessary. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside refrigerator room 
on top of oil tank. 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
_in ejector _in front of managers office 
by building boiler room 
in front of beer walk-in box 
_inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
Main 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for correct light levels. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dish washer clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
@2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588262
--- PAGE 17 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 17 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 1 over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator (718) 387-
7500. (To be done twice a week -- Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily Porters 
work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling, especially over tables 65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of NC only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean and dust stereo units in all areas. (Use can of compressed air). Spray all NCR 
computers 
_Jazz room 
Main host stand 
_Bank vault 
Main stereo unit off coat check room. 
Oil, water pump for water heaters in basement. 
Downstairs 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:1MaIntenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588263
--- PAGE 18 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 18 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Check all exit lights and emergency lights are working (8 total) 
Upstairs: 
_door to back alley 
_door to main entrance 
_between tables #22 and #23 over café doors 
at base of stairs outside coat check area 
_over entrance to Jazz room 
_over exit to Jazz kitchen by bread station 
_outside dish room (hallway) 
_base of back stairs to upstairs kitchen 
Change oil in power sprayer. Use 30 weight non-detergent oil. 
Blow out: 
_all bar sinks 
_steam tables 
_slop sink (in basement) 
_service ice bin in both bars 
_all 4 NC unit drain lines: 
_oyster bar 
_above beer walk-in 
_2 above fish walk-in) 
_both kitchen floors 
_blow out walk-in compressor drain 
_cappuccino drain 
_main and balcony bathroom sinks 
_pantry sink drain 
_inside of line refrigerators 
Check hinges on all doors at host stand and at all waiter service areas. 
Look at oyster bar glass. Replace sections as needed. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
 Paint large outdoor garbage area gate doors with black gloss paint. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Check with maintenance man all electric clock timers are all on correct times. 
Follow Master Doc. 
_exhaust main kitchen 
_makeup main kitchen 
(Located by staircase inside black cage on main floor). 
_exhaust prep kitchen 
_makeup air prep kitchen 
(Located on the south wall above traulsen refrigerator in prep kitchen). 
_each refrigerator compressor in the ejector room has its own timer. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588264
--- PAGE 19 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 19 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Check belts and grease bearings on exhaust and make up air. 
prep kitchen and 
main kitchen. 
Check you have backup fuses for main service and plastic fuse puller inside main panel. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
Confirm you have back up NC filters. If you need more ask manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have back up water filters. If you need more ask manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm you have the back up motor for the kitchen exhaust. 
Check you have backup belts 
exhaust 
_makeup air. 
Check bathrooms exhaust fans are working. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (B.O.H.). 
Check all refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and all walk-in box doors. 
Confirm dish machine exhaust is working properly. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UWaintenanceUswgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588265
--- PAGE 20 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 20 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 4 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
Vault Room 
Confirm all mirrors are level in Jazz Room. 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace glass carefully. _balcony Mezzanine _under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
in front of beer walk-in box 
ejector room _in front of managers office 
inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz room. 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine 
Vault room 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
_lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588266
--- PAGE 21 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 21 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar A/C unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Check all strainers are in place on all floor and sink drains. 
Check bus station stands: 
rubber feet 
_cloth band not frayed. 
Check bottoms of all chairs and bar stools to be sure all plastic pegs are in place. 
Reset nails. 
Check pole and top of stairs holding up balcony is clean or if it needs to be repainted. 
Check molding and doors of linen cabinet under stairs to see if it needs painting. 
Wipe down all speaker wires on balcony. Remove all dust. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
@2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:I.MaIntenancelbwOWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588267
--- PAGE 22 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 22 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Spray for bugs around 
all motor and compressors 
cappuccino machine (and 
water pumps) _compressors on all refrigerators that have self-contained compressors 
_glass freezers at bar area _dish machine, remove cover and spray around 
motors. 
Windex all windows. 
Clean all wall sconces and chandeliers. DO NOT SPIN. BE VERY CAREFUL. 
Confirm backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm all CO2 and Nitrogen tanks are chained up. 
Reverse Jazz Room curtains (e.g. Curtain B). The following month 
change to new curtain (e.g. Curtain A). Dry clean old curtain (Curtain B). 
Have office give information, for example cost. 
Advise office of any problems that may arise. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with ice. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
@2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancellswgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588268
--- PAGE 23 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 23 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
PORTER 
WEEK 1 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588269
--- PAGE 24 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 24 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16'" Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
@2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:I.MaIntenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588270
--- PAGE 25 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 25 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
CO2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
LIAMeintenanceIbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588271
--- PAGE 26 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 26 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
PORTER 
WEEK 2 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588272
--- PAGE 27 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 27 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16'" Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
@2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:I.MaIntenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588273
--- PAGE 28 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 28 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 718-706-9827 BY SUNDAY W/E 
C,2004 8.R. Guest. Inc. 
U.IMaintenancelbwg,SWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588274
--- PAGE 29 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 29 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
PORTER 
WEEK 3 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588275
--- PAGE 30 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 30 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
161h Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
@2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588276
--- PAGE 31 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 31 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UWaintenanceUswgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588277
--- PAGE 32 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 32 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
PORTER 
WEEK 4 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588278
--- PAGE 33 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 33 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
161h Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
@2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588279
--- PAGE 34 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 34 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UWaintenanceUswgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588280
--- PAGE 35 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 35 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
FIRE INSPECTION DOCUMENT 
This report most be completed and fax it to the Maintenance department office the first week 
of each month. 
Note: Manager with the help of the maintenance man completed the inspection sheet. 
Date of inspection on the line. 
 Fire extinguisher check off list. Confirm with maintenance all fire extinguishers 
are in correct order and back of tag signed (follow check of sheet). 
 Inspection suppression systems (Ansul system) "TAG" is up to date. 
 Confirm Ansul pipes are in position and have caps. 
 Confirm the Deep fry has a divider panel at least 16" high. 
 Confirm we have at list one extinguisher class K in each kitchen. 
 Confirm instructions how to operated Ansul system are posted in kitchens. 
 Confirm duct diagram is posted next to Ansul system. FIRE DEPT. (MO) 
O 15t floor 
O 3rd floor 
O Banquets 
O Green room 
Confirm Certificate of inspection for your Ansul system is on file could be Sentinel or Ideal. 
Exhaust hood sticker is updated and posted to each hood (cleaning service tag) 
Inspect hood filters confirm that there is not one missing. 
Inspection and test of emergency lights and exit lights. 
Confirm all exit doors are clear (adequate egress) 
Confirm you have a copy of PA plans on file. 
Confirm you have in file and updated inspection log of sprinkler, standpipe and 
fire alarm if apply. 
Inspection and test of smoke detector in storage area if apply. 
O2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588281
--- PAGE 36 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 36 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Nuco2 
Confirm tank is chain to the wall. 
 Certificate of fitness for the driver is posted at the tank 
 Affidavit of installation (must have a copy in manager's office) 
 Log sheet posted on the tank, date for service, pressure test and driver number. 
yr pressure test on file in office. 
 Sings posted (Warning CO2, Caution Carbon Dioxide sticker and Certificate 
of approval sticker on tank) 
Air Conditioning confirms. 
Permits and specifications for each unit. 
OTHERS 
Open flame permits on file and update. 
Flame retarded permits for curtain, ceiling fabrics and furniture covers on file and update. 
Neon permits on file and update "if apply". 
Comments and notes: 
Fax this report to 212- 679-0996. 
@2004 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:1MaintenanceUswgIBWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588282
--- PAGE 37 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 37 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
DISH MACHINE INSPECTION DOC. 
RESTAURANT 
DATE. 
VIP- HAND INSPECTION DOCUMENT TO SANOLITE TECH 
MANAGER: FOLLOW UP ANY PROBLEM AND CONFIRMED IT GET RESOLVED, WRITE NOTE 
OR COMMENTS BEFORE YOU FAX IT. 
MINIMUM TEMPERATURES BY THE BOH. 
WASHE TEMPERATURE 160'. RINSE TEMPERATURE 180°. 
WASH 
. RINSE. 
PROBLEMS 
CHEMICAL DISPENSER OPERATING PROPERLY 
YES 
,NOT 
,PROBLEM 
WASH AND RINSE ARMS INSPECTION. 
WASH 
,RINSE 
,PROBLEM 
WASH ASSEMBLY. 
RINSE PRESSURE 
CHECK GAGE CONDITIONS. 
INCOMING WATER 
RINSE 
MOTORS CONDITIONS AND SEALS. 
WASH MOTOR 
SEAL. 
RINSE MOTOR 
SEAL. 
CONVEYORS DRIVE 
RINSE DRAIN CLEAR. 
CURTAINS CONDITION BETWEEN TANKS. 
DO YOU SEE ANY LEAK 
? WHERE.  
TEST LEVELS OF 
IN THE MACHINE. 
CHEMICAL EXPLICATION CHARD POSTED 
OTHER CHEMICAL DISPENSERS. 
DISPENSER POT SINK WASHES. 
DISPENSER FOR PRESOAKING SILVERWARE. 
CHEMICAL FOR GREASE TRAPS. 
MACHINE NEED TO BE DESCALED YES 
. NO 
COMMENTS AND ACTIONS TAKE IT. 
FAX TO GERARDO G. (212) 679-0996 
TECH NAME 
. MANAGERS 
:1,2004 8.R. Guest. Inc. 
1.1:1Maintenancelbwg,BWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588283
--- PAGE 38 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 38 of 39 
DATE: 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
FIRE EXTINGUISHER CHECK OFF LIST 
RESTAURANT: 
After this report has been filled out, please fax to LIC operations at 718-706-9827. 
LIC. Operations will follow any issue or schedule with the fire preventive company. 
Check all fire extinguishers have proper fire inspection tags on them and are not expired. Initial and 
date the back of the tag under "Monthly Inspection Record". Follow "Fire Extinguisher Check 
Off List" to confirm extinguisher are in assigned places. When sending fire extinguishers out 
for service, you must put the stores name on the bottom in black magic marker. 
Area 
Qty. 
ID# 
Location 
Type 
Missing 
Tag 
Everything 
O.K. 
Need 
refill 
Unit 
Missing 
Dining Room 
Service Bar 
(A) Water 
Hostess 
(A) Water 
Raw Bar 
(A) Water 
Main Kitchen 
Entrance 
BC 
Exit Door 
BC 
Exit Door 
Class (K) 
Prep Kitchen 
Entrance 
BC 
Entrance 
Class (K) 
East Wall 
BC 
Dry Goods 
Storage 
Metro Shelve 
ABC 
Locker Area 
Entrance 
ABC 
Back 
ABC 
Coat Check 
Entrance 
ABC 
Manager 
Office 
Entrance 
ABC 
Vault Room 
Entrance 
(A) Water 
Mezzanine 
Waitress Station 
(A) Water 
Jazz Room 
Brad Station 
(A) Water 
Waiter Lotch 
(A) Water 
Closet 
(A) Water 
Dishroom 
Entrance 
ABC 
Boiler Room 
Next to heaters 
ABC 
O2004 B.R. Guest Inc. 
U:VolaintenancethwglIWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588284
--- PAGE 39 ---
As of 9/13/04 
Page 39 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
REFRIGERATION COILS CLEANING PROCEDURES 
Coils must be clean and maintained in proper order monthly. This will assure the proper 
functionality of the refrigeration equipment, reducing costly repairs and also reduce energy 
consume. 
Maintenances man needs to have the following items. Plastic brush, coil cleaner, spray bottle. 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
1. In the spray bottle mix water and 4 oz. of coil cleaner. 
2. Turn OFF the compressor. 
3. Once the compressor is OFF spray the formula on the coil and let it work for at list 5 
minutes, repeat spraying, once the grease is loose clean the front of the coil from the 
top to the bottom with the plastic brush. Repeat this operation until the coil is totally 
clean. 
4. When you finish make sure to turn ON the compressor. 
NOTE: Each compressor takes about 15 to 20 minutes to clean. 
All compressors need to be clean, including the refrigeration units that do not have cooling 
coil. (Water cooling units, self contain or remote compressors). 
VIP Report any problem with compressor to managers. Be specific. 
Refrigeration unit 
Num# 
Unit description 
System type 
Compressors location 
O2O04 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
LIAlaintenancelbmplitWG- July.doc 
EFTA00588285

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588286.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 2/23/06 
Page 1 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
MAINTENANCE DOCUMENT 
1/22/03 
GM Assign each item to be completed by Specific Date. 
MASTER 
WEEK 1 
VIP fire inspection document completed and faxed to Laurel, Gerardo and Gary. 
Follow up any problem. Keep records. 
Note: In case of inspection by the FDNY. E-mail the result of the inspection 
Keep copy and follow any problem. Send original to Seemoy. 
Exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction document. 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Once a monthly only on the 1st Monday water your main plant on the stairwell. 
Only pour small amounts of water around trunk of plant till base overflows then 
drain base and do it again. You must soak all soil since you only do this 1 time a 
month. Approximately 4 pitchers. 
Have all waiters bring all table adjustment feet to "0" and rebalance. 
Wipe down all Bar and chair legs, and table bases. Remove all gum from under Bar rail 
and under regular chairs and tables. (porter) 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Have dishwasher soap supplier, test machine with test paper to be sure proper amounts 
of chemical are being used. Too little --you won't pass BOH; too much --and you're 
wasting money. Review and check this with service man at time of testing. 
Have dishwasher decaled. They only need 1/6 of a gallon of chemical. 1 gal. = 6mos. 
Have the Sanolite technician fill the preventive check off sheet for dish machine and 
Follow any recommendations. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:AngelalBWG1Managerthlonthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588286
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 2 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Inspect and keep organized soda room. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Have each manager on 3 different days go through 
garbage with dishwasher 
linen with busboy. Review findings with other managers and workers. 
Check all large folding tables for any necessary repairs or painting. 
Check plastic weave on café chairs for any rips or pieces of weave coming undone, can 
cause harm to clothing as plastic is hard. 
Evaluate any interior & exterior required painting. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1ManagertMonthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588287
--- PAGE 3 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 3 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
WEEK 2 
2nd Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Check and record stock of Matches amt. 
, amt. 
Comment Cards amt. 
and Amex Paper amt. 
Remove carefully glass shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. 
Replace glass carefully. _Main Room 
Balcony 
Jazz Room 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in a basket after two weeks 
discard shoes left in basket. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Confirm beer lines were cleaned in last 4 weeks. 
Inspect Clean and replace (if necessary) any white foam table padding. 
Inform maintenance. 
Check Weather Gear 
raincoats, 
winter coat (heavy) and it's clean, 
porters coat, 
gloves, _boots. 
Confirm speakers are positioned correctly on main floor and balcony. 
Check conditions of all wicker linen baskets, replace as needed. 
Pull out banquette seats, clean and reset glue traps and seal any holes. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1Managerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588288
--- PAGE 4 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 4 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
 Banquettes and furniture inspection. 
Please inspect all your banquettes, look for rips, loose springs or if it is wearing out. If 
you need your banquettes repaired take a floor plan and mark the banquettes with 
damage and a small note explaining the problem. Then fax it to LIC to Gary A. Then 
follow up with an e-mail to Gary A. and Gerardo G. letting us know the problems and 
that you faxed the floor plan. Within a couple of days Gary should have a scheduled 
day for the repair. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1ManagertMonthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588289
--- PAGE 5 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 5 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
WEEK 3 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Clean out beer and wine in walk-in refrigerator completely. Clean racks and rotate 
stock. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Check and test Alarm System once a month. 
All Alarm buttons at--
a: 
Host Stand 
b: 
Behind Bar Upstairs 
c: 
Bar Downstairs 
d: 
Waiters Hutch Downstairs 
e: 
Host Stand Downstairs 
f: 
In manager office. 
Circuit board and key pad in manager office. 
g: 
Pendants 
Check managers' and chefs' phone and beeper numbers are correct. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
Check all coffee areas have a bang bar on a chain with metal cap. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1ManagertMonthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588290
--- PAGE 6 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 6 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1ManagertMonthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588291
--- PAGE 7 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 7 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
WEEK 4 
4th Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
See chefs maintenance notes: U:ANGELMBWG1KITCHEN \CLEANING 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Discard old, torn, logo discolored & plastic inserts torn AMEX books and 
order new ones. The lead time is 4-6 weeks. 
Curtains in Bank Vault Room (clean as needed). Over cleaning will damage 
the curtains. 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in plastic crate. After 2 
weeks discard shoes that are left. 
Check all chairs and banquettes for rips, holes and burns 
_Main floor 
_Jazz room 
_Vault room 
Test all thermostats are at 72° and confirm auto mode (on thermostat) will call for heat 
or cold as needed. If problem, contact Arista. 
Check porters using drill bits on ovens to unclog jet holes. 
Test all "Bug & Fly machines". Make sure they are in proper working order. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
Confirm cleaning of all coils & drain lines in all refrigeration compressors. Follow coil 
cleaning document. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1ManagertMonthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588292
--- PAGE 8 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 8 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Check all carpet on balcony and in Vault Room. Clean, if necessary. (Carpets should 
be cleaned 4-6 times a year approximately). 
Check if sidewalk area needs power washing. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with ice. 
Check all café chairs. Send any with broken weave to be repaired at L.I.C. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:AngelalBWGIManager1Monthly Planning SchedulelMarch 
EFTA00588293
--- PAGE 9 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 9 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGERI 
WEEK 1 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: 
_balcony 
_Jazz room 
Vault room 
Dust sofits 
_Jazz room ceiling 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
on top of oil tank. 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
inside refrigerator room 
by building boiler room 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition _in front of beer walk-in box 
_in ejector room 
in front of managers office _inside basement by water 
heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order _seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machine 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
_lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:AngelalBWGIManagerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588294
--- PAGE 10 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 10 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 1 over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling, especially over tables 65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of NC only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
On West end of café (near Union Square restaurant) clean 6" — high vent (lift cover); 
clean air curtain screen by back metal doors; clean 2 screens above. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
Clean all smoke eater cells in 4 units for Jazz room: _2 over kitchen walk-in, 
over beer walk-in 
in main office. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:AngelalBWGIManagerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588295
--- PAGE 11 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 11 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Clean outside vents on platform roof. (Stairs next to back door). 
_Makeup air — clean and replace filters 
_AC fresh air supply at far end 
_Check all timers for makeup air for kitchen hoods 
Clean motors behind convection ovens in lower kitchen. 
Oil, water pump and heaters in basement. 
Oil with WD 40 all door locks for doors and pad locks for walk-in box. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (BOH). 
Check all refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and on all walk-in box doors 
Check large folding party tables for any necessary repairs or painting 
Remove panel on glass wall in vault room and dust off back and front of wall. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for correct light levels. 
Check dimmer control zone charts are posted and all zones are marked correctly to 
zone chart. Don't change sitting without asking management first. Then adjust 
necessary document. All zone changes 5-7 minutes except for AM 
Clean and dust top pink ceiling in Jazz Room. Use lightly damp cloth. 
Dust and check lights on top level and lights on second level. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1ManagertMonthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588296
--- PAGE 12 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 12 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON - 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelalBWG1Manager1Monthly Planning Schedule1March 
EFTA00588297
--- PAGE 13 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 13 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGERI 
WEEK 2 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
Jazz room 
_Vault 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. Replace glass carefully. 
balcony Mezzanine 
under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
in front of beer walk-in box 
ejector room _in front of managers office 
inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine 
Vault room 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
_main kitchen coffee station 
necessary. 
at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1Managerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588298
--- PAGE 14 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 14 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELMBWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar _steps up to Jazz service bar area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean coils of all compressors: 
in compressor room 
above beer walk-in box 
_stairs in platform area 
NC for vault room. Blow out all drain lines for any 
type of compressors. 
Clean both kitchen coils for _salad crisper 
freezer _runners refrigerator 
in Main kitchen _refrigerator next to steamers in Main kitchen. 
Check NC Sprinkler system located in back alley to see if it needs to be drained. 
Check all faucets at all prep area sinks, all bathrooms (including employee bathroom), 
dishwasher area, pot washers and plumbing area in good order. 
Check floor drain covers in kitchen (under coffee area, dishwasher line, prep area, ice 
room bakery). 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Main Floor. 
Check on both floors all sinks have drain cover screens and are screwed down at 
at bar sinks 
_pantry area sink 
_pot sink in dish room 
dish area sink 
_all oyster bar sinks 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:AngelalBWG1Managerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588299
--- PAGE 15 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 15 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Test all "Bug and Fly Machines". Make sure they are in proper working order. 
Check all smoke detectors are in working order: 
by locker area _coat check room 
_dry goods area 
sofit above lockers 
storage above prep kitchen. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1ManagertMonthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588300
--- PAGE 16 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 16 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGERI 
WEEK 3 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
Dust sofits 
_Jazz room ceiling 
Jazz room 
Vault 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside refrigerator room 
on top of oil tank. 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
_in ejector _in front of managers office 
by building boiler room 
in front of beer walk-in box 
_inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
Main 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for correct light levels. 
Check bathroom have in proper order _seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dish washer clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
_lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:AngelalBWGIManagerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588301
--- PAGE 17 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 17 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 1 over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELMBWGIELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling especially over tables 65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of NC only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean and dust stereo units in all areas. (Use can of compressed air). Spray all NCR 
computers 
_Jazz room 
Main host stand 
_Bank vault 
Main stereo unit off coat check room. 
Oil, water pump for water heaters in basement. 
Downstairs 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1Managerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588302
--- PAGE 18 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 18 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Check all exit lights and emergency lights are working (8 total) 
Upstairs: 
_door to back alley 
_door to main entrance 
_between tables #22 and #23 over café doors 
at base of stairs outside coat check area 
_over entrance to Jazz room 
_over exit to Jazz kitchen by bread station 
_outside dish room (hallway) 
_base of back stairs to upstairs kitchen 
Change oil in power sprayer. Use 30 weight non-detergent oil. 
Blow out: 
_all bar sinks 
_steam tables 
slop sink (in basement) 
_service ice bin in both bars 
_all 4 NC unit drain lines: 
_oyster bar 
_above beer walk-in 
_2 above fish walk-in) 
_both kitchen floors 
_blow out walk-in compressor drain 
_cappuccino drain 
_main and balcony bathroom sinks 
_pantry sink drain 
_inside of line refrigerators 
Check hinges on all doors at host stand and at all waiter service areas. 
Look at oyster bar glass. Replace sections as needed. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
 Paint large outdoor garbage area gate doors with black gloss paint. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Check with maintenance man all electric clock timers are all on correct times. 
Follow Master Doc. 
_exhaust main kitchen 
_makeup main kitchen 
(Located by staircase inside black cage on main floor). 
_exhaust prep kitchen 
_makeup air prep kitchen 
(Located on the south wall above traulsen refrigerator in prep kitchen). 
_each refrigerator compressor in the ejector room has its own timer. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:AngelalBWG1Managerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588303
--- PAGE 19 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 19 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Check belts and grease bearings on exhaust and make up air. 
prep kitchen and 
main kitchen. 
Check you have backup fuses for main service and plastic fuse puller inside main panel. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
Confirm you have back up NC filters. If you need more ask manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have back up water filters. If you need more ask manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm you have the back up motor for the kitchen exhaust. 
Check you have backup belts 
exhaust 
_makeup air. 
Check bathrooms exhaust fans are working. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (B.O.H.). 
Check an refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and all walk-in box doors. 
confirm dish machine exhaust is working properly. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1ManagertMonthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588304
--- PAGE 20 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 20 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGERI 
WEEK 4 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
Vault Room 
confirm all mirrors are level in jazz room. 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace glass carefully. _balcony Mezzanine _under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
in front of beer walk-in box 
ejector room _in front of managers office 
inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz room. 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
_lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:AngelalBWGIManagerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588305
--- PAGE 21 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 21 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELMBWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Check all strainers are in place on all floor and sink drains. 
Check bus station stands: 
rubber feet 
_cloth band not frayed. 
Check bottoms of all chairs and bar stools to be sure all plastic pegs are in place. 
Reset nails. 
Check pole and top of stairs holding up balcony is clean or if it needs to be repainted. 
Check molding and doors of linen cabinet under stairs to see if it needs painting. 
Wipe down all speaker wires on balcony. Remove all dust. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Spray for bugs around 
all motor and compressors 
cappuccino machine (and 
water pumps) _compressors on all refrigerators that have self-contained compressors 
_glass freezers at bar area _dish machine, remove cover and spray around 
motors. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:AngelalBWG1Managerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588306
--- PAGE 22 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 22 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Windex all windows. 
Clean all wall sconces and chandeliers. DO NOT SPIN. BE VERY CAREFUL. 
Confirm backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm all CO2 and Nitrogen tanks are chained up. 
Reverse Jazz Room curtains (e.g. Curtain B). The following month 
change to new curtain (e.g. Curtain A). Dry clean old curtain (Curtain B). 
Have office give information, for example cost. 
Advise office of any problems that may arise. 
Clean and empty grease traps: _inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with ice. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:AngelalBWGIManagerdilonthly Planning SchedulelMarch 
EFTA00588307
--- PAGE 23 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 23 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
PORTER 
WEEK 1 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1Managerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588308
--- PAGE 24 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 24 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16° Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:AngelalBWG1Managerthionthly Planning Schedule\March 
EFTA00588309
--- PAGE 25 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 25 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1ManagertMonthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588310
--- PAGE 26 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 26 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
PORTER 
WEEK 2 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1Managerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588311
--- PAGE 27 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 27 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY 
: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16'" Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1Managerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588312
--- PAGE 28 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 28 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 718-706-9827 BY SUNDAY W/E 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1ManagertMonthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588313
--- PAGE 29 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 29 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
PORTER 
WEEK 3 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1Managerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588314
--- PAGE 30 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 30 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16'" Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:AngelalBWG1Managerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588315
--- PAGE 31 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 31 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1ManagertMonthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588316
--- PAGE 32 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 32 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
PORTER 
WEEK 4 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1Managerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588317
--- PAGE 33 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 33 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16'" Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1Managerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588318
--- PAGE 34 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 34 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1ManagertMonthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588319
--- PAGE 35 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 35 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
FIRE INSPECTION DOCUMENT 
This report most be completed and fax it to the Maintenance department office the first week 
of each month. 
Note: Manager with the help of the maintenance man completed the inspection sheet. 
Date of inspection on the line. 
 Fire extinguisher check off list. Confirm with maintenance all fire extinguishers 
are in correct order and back of tag signed (follow check of sheet). 
 Inspection suppression systems (Ansul system) "TAG" is up to date. 
 Confirm Ansul pipes are in position and have caps. 
 Confirm the Deep fry has a divider panel at least 16" high. 
 Confirm we have at list one extinguisher class K in each kitchen. 
 Confirm instructions how to operated Ansul system are posted in kitchens. 
 Confirm duct diagram is posted next to Ansul system. FIRE DEPT. (MO) 
K 1st floor 
K 3rd floor 
K Banquets 
K Green room 
Confirm Certificate of inspection for your Ansul system is on file could be Sentinel or Ideal. 
Exhaust hood sticker is updated and posted to each hood (cleaning service tag) 
Inspect hood filters confirm that there is not one missing. 
Inspection and test of emergency lights and exit lights. 
Confirm all exit doors are clear (adequate egress) 
Confirm you have a copy of PA plans on file. 
Confirm you have in file and updated inspection log of sprinkler, standpipe and 
fire alarm if apply. 
Inspection and test of smoke detector in storage area if apply. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:AngelalBWGIManagealonthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588320
--- PAGE 36 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 36 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Nuco2 
Confirm tank is chain to the wall. 
Certificate of fitness for the driver is posted at the tank 
Affidavit of installation (must have a copy in manager's office) 
Log sheet posted on the tank, date for service, pressure test and driver number. 
yr pressure test on file in office. 
Sings posted (Warning CO2, Caution Carbon Dioxide sticker and Certificate 
of approval sticker on tank) 
Air Conditioning confirms. 
Permits and specifications for each unit. 
OTHERS 
Open flame permits on file and update. 
Flame retarded permits for curtain, ceiling fabrics and furniture covers on file and update. 
Neon permits on file and update "if apply". 
Comments and notes: 
Fax this report to 212- 679-0996. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1ManagertMonthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588321
--- PAGE 37 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 37 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
DISH MACHINE INSPECTION DOC. 
RESTAURANT 
DATE. 
VIP- HAND INSPECTION DOCUMENT TO SANOLITE TECH 
MANAGER: FOLLOW UP ANY PROBLEM AND CONFIRMED IT GET RESOLVED, WRITE NOTE 
OR COMMENTS BEFORE YOU FAX IT. 
MINIMUM TEMPERATURES BY THE BOH. 
WASHE TEMPERATURE 160°.  RINSE TEMPERATURE 180°. 
WASH 
. RINSE. 
PROBLEMS 
CHEMICAL DISPENSER OPERATING PROPERLY 
YES 
, NOT 
,PROBLEM 
WASH AND RINSE ARMS INSPECTION. 
WASH 
, RINSE 
,PROBLEM 
WASH ASSEMBLY. 
RINSE PRESSURE 
CHECK GAGE CONDITIONS. 
INCOMING WATER 
RINSE 
MOTORS CONDITIONS AND SEALS. 
WASH MOTOR 
SEAL. 
RINSE MOTOR 
SEAL. 
CONVEYORS DRIVE 
RINSE DRAIN CLEAR. 
CURTAINS CONDITION BETWEEN TANKS. 
DO YOU SEE ANY LEAK 
? WHERE.  
TEST LEVELS OF •. 
IN THE MACHINE. 
CHEMICAL EXPLICATION CHARD POSTED 
OTHER CHEMICAL DISPENSERS. 
DISPENSER POT SINK WASHES. 
DISPENSER FOR PRESOAKING SILVERWARE. 
CHEMICAL FOR GREASE TRAPS. 
MACHINE NEED TO BE DESCALED YES 
. NO 
COMMENTS AND ACTIONS TAKE IT. 
FAX TO GERARDO G. (212) 679-0996 
TECH NAME 
. MANAGERS 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:AngelalBWGlManagerlMonthty Planning Schedule1March 
EFTA00588322
--- PAGE 38 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 38 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
FIRE EXTINGUISHER CHECK OFF LIST 
DATE: 
RESTAURANT: 
After this report has been filled out, please fax to LIC operations at 718-706-9827. 
LIC. Operations will follow any issue or schedule with the fire preventive company. 
Check all fire extinguishers have proper fire inspection tags on them and are not expired. Initial and 
date the back of the tag under "Monthly Inspection Record". Follow "Fire Extinguisher Check 
Off List" to confirm extinguisher are in assigned places. When sending fire extinguishers out 
for service, you must put the stores name on the bottom in black magic marker. 
AREA 
QTY. 
ID 
LOCATION 
TYPE 
MISSING 
TAG 
NEED 
REFILL 
UNIT 
MISSING 
O.K 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:Angelan3WG1ManagertMonthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588323
--- PAGE 39 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 39 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
REFRIGERATION COILS CLEANING PROCEDURES 
Coils must be clean and maintained in proper order monthly. This will assure the proper 
functionality of the refrigeration equipment, reducing costly repairs and also reduce energy 
consume. 
Maintenances man needs to have the following items. Plastic brush, coil cleaner, spray bottle. 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
1. In the spray bottle mix water and 4 oz. of coil cleaner. 
2. Turn OFF the compressor. 
3. Once the compressor is OFF spray the formula on the coil and let it work for at list 5 
minutes, repeat spraying, once the grease is loose clean the front of the coil from the 
top to the bottom with the plastic brush. Repeat this operation until the coil is totally 
clean. 
4. When you finish make sure to turn ON the compressor. 
NOTE: Each compressor takes about 15 to 20 minutes to clean. 
All compressors need to be clean, including the refrigeration units that do not have cooling 
coil. (Water cooling units, self contain or remote compressors). 
VIP Report any problem with compressor to managers. Be specific. 
Refrigeration unit 
Num# 
Unit description 
System type 
Compressors location 
HOST REFERRAL 
E2006 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:AngelalBWG1Manager1Monthly Planning ScheduleWarch 
EFTA00588324
--- PAGE 40 ---
As of 2/23/06 
Page 40 of 40 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
If you cannot accommodate a party at their desired time, and they are not flexible in time, then 
you must refer them to another BRG restaurant. "• sorry, but we are fully committed at that 
time, if you're time is not flexible perhaps I can recommend another of our restaurants who 
might be able to accommodate you." You will receive a list from your manager as to what 
restaurants you should push the business to. Think of yourself as the guest. You should 
guide them to similar cuisine, location and price when possible. Be sure to let the guest know 
you are only making a suggestion, not guaranteeing them that the restaurant you recommend 
will have the availability they desire. 
HOST HOLIDAY REFERAL 
When you arrive for your shift check for the e-mail that is posted telling you which BRGuest 
restaurants have availability, for what size tables and what times. If you do not see the list 
posted ask a manager to print one for you. You should have a copy of this list in front of you for 
your entire shift. Use the list to guide your guests to other BRGuest restaurants as noted 
above. 
MANAGERS HOLIDAY REFERAL 
Depending on the holiday restaurants will book up at different speeds. When you see that you 
are booked for a certain seating or group of time slots you must advise on the 1010is 
conference call. The assigned office assistant will compile a list of all restaurant availability. As 
you book additional seating or groups of timeslots continue to update. You must review the 
updated information on the 1010am conference call. The assistant will e-mail all managers the 
updated list everyday, starting the day after the first restaurant has booked a seating or group 
of timeslots. 
OFFICE ASSISTANT HOLIDAY REFERAL 
You will send out a list of each stores holiday availability starting as soon as you receive word 
that the first store no longer has full availability. The list must be e-mailed to all managers and 
all DO's by11.30am everyday until the day of the holiday in question. 
E2006 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:AngelalBWG1Managerthionthly Planning Schedule%March 
EFTA00588325

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588326.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 5/24/06 
Page 1 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
MAINTENANCE DOCUMENT 
1/22/03 
GM Assign each item to be completed by Specific Date. 
MASTER 
WEEK 1 
VIP fire inspection document completed and faxed to Laurel, Gerardo and Gary. 
Follow up any problem. Keep records. 
Note: In case of inspection by the FDNY. E-mail the result of the inspection 
Keep copy and follow any problem. Send original to Seemoy. 
Exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction document. 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Once a monthly only on the 1st Monday water your main plant on the stairwell. 
Only pour small amounts of water around trunk of plant till base overflows then 
drain base and do it again. You must soak all soil since you only do this 1 time a 
month. Approximately 4 pitchers. 
Have all waiters bring all table adjustment feet to "0" and rebalance. 
Wipe down all Bar and chair legs, and table bases. Remove all gum from under Bar rail 
and under regular chairs and tables. (porter) 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Have dishwasher soap supplier, test machine with test paper to be sure proper amounts 
of chemical are being used. Too little --you won't pass BOH; too much --and you're 
wasting money. Review and check this with service man at time of testing. 
Have dishwasher decaled. They only need 1/6 of a gallon of chemical. 1 gal. = 6mos. 
Have the Sanolite technician fill the preventive check off sheet for dish machine and 
Follow any recommendations. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Inspect and keep organized soda room. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:thiaintenancelmonthly maintenance docslbwg\BWG• May.docdocl 
EFTA00588326
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 5/24/06 
Page 2 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Have each manager on 3 different days go through 
garbage with dishwasher 
linen with busboy. Review findings with other managers and workers. 
Check all large folding tables for any necessary repairs or painting. 
Check plastic weave on café chairs for any rips or pieces of weave coming undone, can 
cause harm to clothing as plastic is hard. 
Evaluate any interior & exterior required painting. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
LIAMaintenancelmonthly maintenance docslbwg\BWG• May.docdocl 
EFTA00588327
--- PAGE 3 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 3of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
WEEK 2 
2nd Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Check and record stock of Matches amt. 
, amt. 
Comment Cards amt. 
and Amex Paper amt. 
Remove carefully glass shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. 
Replace glass carefully. _Main Room 
Balcony 
Jazz Room 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in a basket after two weeks 
discard shoes left in basket. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Confirm beer lines were cleaned in last 4 weeks. 
Inspect Clean and replace (if necessary) any white foam table padding. 
Inform maintenance. 
Check Weather Gear 
raincoats, 
winter coat (heavy) and it's clean, 
porters coat, 
gloves, 
boots. 
Confirm speakers are positioned correctly on main floor and balcony. 
Check conditions of all wicker linen baskets, replace as needed. 
Pull out banquette seats, clean and reset glue traps and seal any holes. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Waintenancelmonthly maintenance docslbwOWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588328
--- PAGE 4 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 4of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
 Banquettes and furniture inspection. 
Please inspect all your banquettes, look for rips, loose springs or if it is wearing out. If 
you need your banquettes repaired take a floor plan and mark the banquettes with 
damage and a small note explaining the problem. Then fax it to LIC to Gary A. Then 
follow up with an e-mail to Gary A. and Gerardo G. letting us know the problems and 
that you faxed the floor plan. Within a couple of days Gary should have a scheduled 
day for the repair. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:UNaintenancelmonthly maintenance docs‘bw€ABWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588329
--- PAGE 5 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 5of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
WEEK 3 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Clean out beer and wine in walk-in refrigerator completely. Clean racks and rotate 
stock. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Check and test Alarm System once a month. 
All Alarm buttons at--
a: 
Host Stand 
b: 
Behind Bar Upstairs 
c: 
Bar Downstairs 
d: 
Waiters Hutch Downstairs 
e: 
Host Stand Downstairs 
f: 
In manager office. 
Circuit board and key pad in manager office. 
g: 
Pendants 
Check managers' and chefs' phone and beeper numbers are correct. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
Check all coffee areas have a bang bar on a chain with metal cap. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
Any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Waintenancelmonthly maintenance docelbwOWG- May.cloc 
EFTA00588330
--- PAGE 6 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 6of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E 
CO2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UAW intenanceIrnonthly maintenance docsUswgIBWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588331
--- PAGE 7 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 7of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
WEEK 4 
4th Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
See chefs maintenance notes: U:ANGELA1BWMKITCHEMCLEANING 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Discard old, torn, logo discolored & plastic inserts torn AMEX books and 
order new ones. The lead time is 4-6 weeks. 
Curtains in Bank Vault Room (clean as needed). Over cleaning will damage 
the curtains. 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in plastic crate. After 2 
weeks discard shoes that are left. 
Check all chairs and banquettes for rips, holes and burns 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Test all thermostats are at 72° and confirm auto mode (on thermostat) will call for heat 
or cold as needed. If problem, contact Arista. 
Check porters using drill bits on ovens to unclog jet holes. 
Test all "Bug & Fly machines". Make sure they are in proper working order. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
Any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
Confirm cleaning of all coils & drain lines in all refrigeration compressors. Follow coil 
cleaning document. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:11Maintenancelmenthly maintenance clocalbwOWG- May.cloc 
EFTA00588332
--- PAGE 8 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 8of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
Check all carpet on balcony and in Vault Room. Clean, if necessary. (Carpets should 
be cleaned 4-6 times a year approximately). 
Check if sidewalk area needs power washing. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
Maintenances man inspect and confirm all the chairs. 
Have protective pegs under legs. 
Maintenances man scrape and remove gum on side walk, 
power wash side walk if necessary. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with ice. 
Check all café chairs. Send any with broken weave to be repaired at L.I.C. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:1Maintenancelmonthly maintenance docsIbmABWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588333
--- PAGE 9 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 9of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 1 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: 
_balcony 
_Jazz room 
Vault room 
Dust sofits 
Jazz room ceiling 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
on top of oil tank. 
inside refrigerator room 
by building boiler room 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition _in front of beer walk-in box 
_in ejector room 
in front of managers office _inside basement by water 
heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
_main kitchen coffee station 
necessary. 
at 4 ice machine 
main kitchen steamers 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
@2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
LIAMaintenancelmonthly maintenance docs‘bwOWG- May.cloc 
EFTA00588334
--- PAGE 10 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 10of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 1 over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELMBWGIELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator (718) 387-
7500. (To be done twice a week -- Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily Porters 
work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling, especially over tables 65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of NC only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
On West end of café (near Union Square restaurant) clean 6" — high vent (lift cover); 
clean air curtain screen by back metal doors; clean 2 screens above. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Waintenancelmonthly maintenance docslbwg1BWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588335
--- PAGE 11 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 11of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
Clean all smoke eater cells in 4 units for Jazz room: _2 over kitchen walk-in, 
over beer walk-in 
in main office. 
Clean outside vents on platform roof. (Stairs next to back door). 
_Makeup air — clean and replace filters 
_AC fresh air supply at far end 
_Check all timers for makeup air for kitchen hoods 
Clean motors behind convection ovens in lower kitchen. 
Oil, water pump and heaters in basement. 
Oil with WD 40 all door locks for doors and pad locks for walk-in box. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (BOH). 
Check all refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and on all walk-in box doors 
Check large folding party tables for any necessary repairs or painting 
Remove panel on glass wall in vault room and dust off back and front of wall. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for correct light levels. 
Check dimmer control zone charts are posted and all zones are marked correctly to 
zone chart. Don't change sitting without asking management first. Then adjust 
necessary document. All zone changes 5-7 minutes except for AM 
Clean and dust top pink ceiling in Jazz Room. Use lightly damp cloth. 
Dust and check lights on top level and lights on second level. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Alaintenancelmonthly maintenance docelbwg1BWG- May.cloc 
EFTA00588336
--- PAGE 12 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 12of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:',Maintenance4nonthly maintenance doc5 ,13wg ,BWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588337
--- PAGE 13 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 13of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 2 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
_Jazz room 
_Vault 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. Replace glass carefully. 
balcony Mezzanine 
under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
in front of beer walk-in box 
ejector room _in front of managers office 
inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Waintenancelmonthly maintenance docelbwOWG- May.cloc 
EFTA00588338
--- PAGE 14 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 14of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar A/C unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator (718) 387-
7500. (To be done twice a week -- Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily Porters 
work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar _steps up to Jazz service bar area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean coils of all compressors: 
in compressor room 
above beer walk-in box 
_stairs in platform area 
NC for vault room. Blow out all drain lines for any 
type of compressors. 
Clean both kitchen coils for _salad crisper 
freezer _runners refrigerator 
in Main kitchen _refrigerator next to steamers in Main kitchen. 
Check NC Sprinkler system located in back alley to see if it needs to be drained. 
Check all faucets at all prep area sinks, all bathrooms (including employee bathroom), 
dishwasher area, pot washers and plumbing area in good order. 
Check floor drain covers in kitchen (under coffee area, dishwasher line, prep area, ice 
room bakery). 
Clean and polish all wood floors: _Main Floor. 
Check on both floors all sinks have drain cover screens and are screwed down at 
at bar sinks 
dish area sink 
_pantry area sink 
_pot sink in dish room 
_all oyster bar sinks 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Waintenancelmonthly maintenance docsthwg\BWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588339
--- PAGE 15 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 15of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
Test all "Bug and Fly Machines". Make sure they are in proper working order. 
Check all smoke detectors are in working order: 
by locker area _coat check room 
_dry goods area 
sofit above lockers 
storage above prep kitchen. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Waintenancelmonthly maintenance docslbwOWG- May.clec 
EFTA00588340
--- PAGE 16 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 16of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 3 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony _Jazz room _Vault 
Dust sofits 
Jazz room ceiling 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside refrigerator room 
on top of oil tank. 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
_in ejector _in front of managers office 
by building boiler room 
in front of beer walk-in box 
_inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
Check all walls and columns for painting. 
Vault room 
Main 
Mezzanine 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for correct light levels. 
Check bathroom have in proper order _seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dish washer clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
_lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Waintenancelmonthly maintenance Oocslbwg\BWG- May.cloc 
EFTA00588341
--- PAGE 17 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 17of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 1 over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling, especially over tables 65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of NC only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean and dust stereo units in all areas. (Use can of compressed air). Spray all NCR 
computers 
_Jazz room 
Main host stand 
_Bank vault 
Main stereo unit off coat check room. 
Oil, water pump for water heaters in basement. 
Downstairs 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UA.Maintenancelmonthly maintenance docelbwOWG- May.cloc 
EFTA00588342
--- PAGE 18 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 18of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
Check all exit lights and emergency lights are working (8 total) 
Upstairs: 
_door to back alley 
_door to main entrance 
_between tables #22 and #23 over café doors 
at base of stairs outside coat check area 
_over entrance to Jazz room 
_over exit to Jazz kitchen by bread station 
_outside dish room (hallway) 
_base of back stairs to upstairs kitchen 
Change oil in power sprayer. Use 30 weight non-detergent oil. 
Blow out: 
_all bar sinks 
_steam tables 
slop sink (in basement) 
_service ice bin in both bars 
_all 4 NC unit drain lines: 
_oyster bar 
_above beer walk-in 
_2 above fish walk-in) 
_both kitchen floors 
_blow out walk-in compressor drain 
_cappuccino drain 
_main and balcony bathroom sinks 
_pantry sink drain 
_inside of line refrigerators 
Check hinges on all doors at host stand and at all waiter service areas. 
Look at oyster bar glass. Replace sections as needed. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
 Paint large outdoor garbage area gate doors with black gloss paint. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Check with maintenance man all electric clock timers are all on correct times. 
Follow Master Doc. 
_exhaust main kitchen 
_makeup main kitchen 
(Located by staircase inside black cage on main floor). 
_exhaust prep kitchen 
_makeup air prep kitchen 
(Located on the south wall above traulsen refrigerator in prep kitchen). 
_each refrigerator compressor in the ejector room has its own timer. 
@2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Waintenancelmonthly maintenance docslbwg1BWG- May.cloc 
EFTA00588343
--- PAGE 19 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 19of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
Check belts and grease bearings on exhaust and make up air. 
prep kitchen and 
main kitchen. 
Check you have backup fuses for main service and plastic fuse puller inside main panel. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
Confirm you have back up NC filters. If you need more ask manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have back up water filters. If you need more ask manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm you have the back up motor for the kitchen exhaust. 
Check you have backup belts 
exhaust 
_makeup air. 
Check bathrooms exhaust fans are working. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (B.O.H.). 
Check all refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and all walk-in box doors. 
Confirm dish machine exhaust is working properly. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
LIAMaintenance1monthly maintenance docsUswgIBWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588344
--- PAGE 20 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 20of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 4 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
Vault Room 
Confirm all mirrors are level in Jazz Room. 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace glass carefully. _balcony Mezzanine _under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
in front of beer walk-in box 
ejector room _in front of managers office 
inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz room. 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order _seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UA.Maintenancelmonthly maintenance docelbwOWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588345
--- PAGE 21 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 21of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar A/C unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm pump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator (718) 387-
7500. (To be done twice a week -- Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily Porters 
work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Check all strainers are in place on all floor and sink drains. 
Check bus station stands: 
rubber feet 
_cloth band not frayed. 
Check bottoms of all chairs and bar stools to be sure all plastic pegs are in place. 
Reset nails. 
Check pole and top of stairs holding up balcony is clean or if it needs to be repainted. 
Check molding and doors of linen cabinet under stairs to see if it needs painting. 
Wipe down all speaker wires on balcony. Remove all dust. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
@2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Alaintenancelmonthly maintenance docelbwOWG- May.cloc 
EFTA00588346
--- PAGE 22 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 22of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
Spray for bugs around 
all motor and compressors 
cappuccino machine (and 
water pumps) _compressors on all refrigerators that have self-contained compressors 
_glass freezers at bar area _dish machine, remove cover and spray around 
motors. 
Windex all windows. 
Clean all wall sconces and chandeliers. DO NOT SPIN. BE VERY CAREFUL. 
Confirm backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm all CO2 and Nitrogen tanks are chained up. 
Reverse Jazz Room curtains (e.g. Curtain B). The following month 
change to new curtain (e.g. Curtain A). Dry clean old curtain (Curtain B). 
Have office give information, for example cost. 
Advise office of any problems that may arise. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with ice. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
LIAMaintenance1monthly maintenance docsthw€ABWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588347
--- PAGE 23 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 23of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
PORTER 
WEEK 1 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Waintenancelmonthly maintenance docalbwMBWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588348
--- PAGE 24 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 24of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16'" Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
@2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Alaintenancelmonthly maintenance docalbwg1BWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588349
--- PAGE 25 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 25of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:',Maintenance.,monthly maintenance docstwg,BWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588350
--- PAGE 26 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 26of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
PORTER 
WEEK 2 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Waintenancelmonthly maintenance docalbwMBWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588351
--- PAGE 27 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 27of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16'" Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
@2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Alaintenancelmonthly maintenance docalbwg1BWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588352
--- PAGE 28 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 28of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 718-706-9827 BY SUNDAY W/E 
2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:',Maintenance4nonthly maintenance doc5 ,13wg ,BWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588353
--- PAGE 29 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 29of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
PORTER 
WEEK 3 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Alaintenancelmonthly maintenance docslbwg1BWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588354
--- PAGE 30 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 30of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
161h Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Waintenancelmonthly maintenance docalbwOWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588355
--- PAGE 31 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 31of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
LIAMaintenance1monthly maintenance clocsUswgIBWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588356
--- PAGE 32 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 32of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
PORTER 
WEEK 4 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Alaintenancelmonthly maintenance docslbwg1BWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588357
--- PAGE 33 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 33of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
161h Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Waintenancelmonthly maintenance docalbwOWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588358
--- PAGE 34 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 34of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
LIAMaintenance1monthly maintenance clocsUswgIBWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588359
--- PAGE 35 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 35of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
FIRE INSPECTION DOCUMENT 
This report most be completed and fax it to the Maintenance department office the first week 
of each month. 
Note: Manager with the help of the maintenance man completed the inspection sheet. 
Date of inspection on the line. 
 Fire extinguisher check off list. Confirm with maintenance all fire extinguishers 
are in correct order and back of tag signed (follow check of sheet). 
 Inspection suppression systems (Ansul system) "TAG" is up to date. 
 Confirm Ansul pipes are in position and have caps. 
 Confirm the Deep fry has a divider panel at least 16" high. 
 Confirm we have at list one extinguisher class K in each kitchen. 
 Confirm instructions how to operated Ansul system are posted in kitchens. 
 Confirm duct diagram is posted next to Ansul system. FIRE DEPT. (MO) 
O 15t floor 
O 3rd floor 
O Banquets 
O Green room 
Confirm Certificate of inspection for your Ansul system is on file could be Sentinel or Ideal. 
Exhaust hood sticker is updated and posted to each hood (cleaning service tag) 
Inspect hood filters confirm that there is not one missing. 
Inspection and test of emergency lights and exit lights. 
Confirm all exit doors are clear (adequate egress) 
Confirm you have a copy of PA plans on file. 
Confirm you have in file and updated inspection log of sprinkler, standpipe and 
fire alarm if apply. 
Inspection and test of smoke detector in storage area if apply. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Waintenancelmonthly maintenance docs‘bwgIBWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588360
--- PAGE 36 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 36of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
Nuco2 
Confirm tank is chain to the wall. 
 Certificate of fitness for the driver is posted at the tank 
 Affidavit of installation (must have a copy in manager's office) 
 Log sheet posted on the tank, date for service, pressure test and driver number. 
yr pressure test on file in office. 
 Sings posted (Warning CO2, Caution Carbon Dioxide sticker and Certificate 
of approval sticker on tank) 
Air Conditioning confirms. 
Permits and specifications for each unit. 
OTHERS 
Open flame permits on file and update. 
Flame retarded permits for curtain, ceiling fabrics and furniture covers on file and update. 
Neon permits on file and update "if apply". 
Comments and notes: 
Fax this report to 212- 679-0996. 
@2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:1Maintenancelmonthly maintenance docalbwOWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588361
--- PAGE 37 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 37of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
DISH MACHINE INSPECTION DOC. 
RESTAURANT 
DATE. 
VIP- HAND INSPECTION DOCUMENT TO SANOLITE TECH 
MANAGER: FOLLOW UP ANY PROBLEM AND CONFIRMED IT GET RESOLVED, WRITE NOTE 
OR COMMENTS BEFORE YOU FAX IT. 
MINIMUM TEMPERATURES BY THE BOH. 
WASHE TEMPERATURE 160°. RINSE TEMPERATURE 180°. 
WASH 
. RINSE. 
PROBLEMS 
CHEMICAL DISPENSER OPERATING PROPERLY 
YES 
, NOT 
,PROBLEM 
WASH AND RINSE ARMS INSPECTION. 
WASH 
, RINSE 
,PROBLEM 
WASH ASSEMBLY. 
RINSE PRESSURE 
CHECK GAGE CONDITIONS. 
INCOMING WATER 
RINSE 
MOTORS CONDITIONS AND SEALS. 
WASH MOTOR 
SEAL. 
RINSE MOTOR 
SEAL. 
CONVEYORS DRIVE 
RINSE DRAIN CLEAR. 
CURTAINS CONDITION BETWEEN TANKS. 
DO YOU SEE ANY LEAK 
? WHERE.  
TEST LEVELS OF M. IN THE MACHINE. 
CHEMICAL EXPLICATION CHARD POSTED 
OTHER CHEMICAL DISPENSERS. 
DISPENSER POT SINK WASHES. 
DISPENSER FOR PRESOAKING SILVERWARE. 
CHEMICAL FOR GREASE TRAPS. 
MACHINE NEED TO BE DESCALED YES 
. NO 
COMMENTS AND ACTIONS TAKE IT. 
FAX TO GERARDO G. (212) 679-0996 
TECH NAME 
. MANAGERS 
CO2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UNNaIntenancelrnonthly maintenance docalbwOWG- May.doc 
EFTA00588362
--- PAGE 38 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 38of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
FIRE EXTINGUISHER CHECK OFF LIST 
DATE: 
RESTAURANT: 
After this report has been filled out, please fax to LIC operations at 718-706-9827. 
LIC. Operations will follow any issue or schedule with the fire preventive company. 
Check all fire extinguishers have proper fire inspection tags on them and are not expired. Initial and 
date the back of the tag under "Monthly Inspection Record". Follow "Fire Extinguisher Check 
Off List" to confirm extinguisher are in assigned places. When sending fire extinguishers out 
for service, you must put the stores name on the bottom in black magic marker. 
Area 
Qty. 
:IF: 
114411 
Type 
Missing 
Tag 
Everything 
O.K. 
Need 
refill 
Unit 
Missing 
Dinin Room 
: 
H 
:eery:Lee IL:: 
 Water 
Hosstess 
(A) Water 
Raw Bar 
(A) Water 
Main Kitchen 
Entrance 
BC 
Exit Door 
BC 
Exit Door 
Class (K) 
Prep Kitchen 
Entrance 
BC 
Entrance 
Class (K) 
East Wall 
BC 
Dry Goods 
Storage 
Metro Shelve 
ABC 
Locker Area 
Entrance 
ABC 
Back 
ABC 
Coat Check 
Entrance 
ABC 
Manager Office 
Entrance 
ABC 
Vault Room 
Entrance 
(A) Water 
Mezzanine 
Waitress Station 
(A) Water 
Jazz Room 
Brad Station 
(A) Water 
Waiter Lotch 
(A) Water 
Closet 
(A) Water 
Dishroom 
Entrance 
ABC 
Boiler Room 
Next to heaters 
ABC 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:1MaIntenancanonthly maintenance docetbwg'BWG• May.doc 
EFTA00588363
--- PAGE 39 ---
As of 7/28/05 
Page 39of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MAY 
REFRIGERATION COILS CLEANING PROCEDURES 
Coils must be clean and maintained in proper order monthly. This will assure the proper 
functionality of the refrigeration equipment, reducing costly repairs and also reduce energy 
consume. 
Maintenances man needs to have the following items. Plastic brush, coil cleaner, spray bottle. 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
1. In the spray bottle mix water and 4 oz. of coil cleaner. 
2. Turn OFF the compressor. 
3. Once the compressor is OFF spray the formula on the coil and let it work for at list 5 
minutes, repeat spraying, once the grease is loose clean the front of the coil from the 
top to the bottom with the plastic brush. Repeat this operation until the coil is totally 
clean. 
4. When you finish make sure to turn ON the compressor. 
NOTE: Each compressor takes about 15 to 20 minutes to clean. 
All compressors need to be clean, including the refrigeration units that do not have cooling 
coil. (Water cooling units, self contain or remote compressors). 
VIP Report any problem with compressor to managers. Be specific. 
Refrigeration unit 
Num# 
Unit description 
System type 
Compressors 
location 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
IJ:1Ma intenancelmonthly maintenance clocsIbmABWG- May.cloc 
EFTA00588364

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588365.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588365.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 1/25/07 
Page 1 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
MAINTENANCE DOCUMENT 
1/22/03 
GM Assign each item to be completed by Specific Date. 
MASTER 
WEEK 1 
VIP fire inspection document completed and faxed to Laurel, Gerardo and Gary. 
Follow up any problem. Keep records. 
Note: In case of inspection by the FDNY. E-mail the result of the inspection 
Keep copy and follow any problem. Send original to Seemoy. 
Exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction document. 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Once a monthly only on the 1st Monday water your main plant on the stairwell. 
Only pour small amounts of water around trunk of plant till base overflows then 
drain base and do it again. You must soak all soil since you only do this 1 time a 
month. Approximately 4 pitchers. 
Have all waiters bring all table adjustment feet to "0" and rebalance. 
Wipe down all Bar and chair legs, and table bases. Remove all gum from under Bar rail 
and under regular chairs and tables. (porter) 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Have dishwasher soap supplier, test machine with test paper to be sure proper amounts 
of chemical are being used. Too little --you won't pass BOH; too much --and you're 
wasting money. Review and check this with service man at time of testing. 
Have dishwasher decaled. They only need 1/6 of a gallon of chemical. 1 gal. = 6mos. 
Have the Sanolite technician fill the preventive check off sheet for dish machine and 
Follow any recommendations. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:'MaintenanceWwg\BWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588365
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 1/25/07 
Page 2 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Inspect and keep organized soda room. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Have each manager on 3 different days go through 
garbage with dishwasher 
linen with busboy. Review findings with other managers and workers. 
Check all large folding tables for any necessary repairs or painting. 
Check plastic weave on café chairs for any rips or pieces of weave coming undone, can 
cause harm to clothing as plastic is hard. 
Evaluate any interior & exterior required painting. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UWaintenance‘bvigIBWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588366
--- PAGE 3 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 3 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
WEEK 2 
2nd Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room _Vault Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Check and record stock of Matches amt. 
, amt. 
Comment Cards amt. 
and Amex Paper amt. 
Remove carefully glass shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. 
Replace glass carefully. _Main Room 
Balcony 
Jazz Room 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in a basket after two weeks 
discard shoes left in basket. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Confirm beer lines were cleaned in last 4 weeks. 
Inspect Clean and replace (if necessary) any white foam table padding. 
Inform maintenance. 
Check Weather Gear 
raincoats, 
winter coat (heavy) and it's clean, 
porters coat, 
gloves, 
boots. 
Confirm speakers are positioned correctly on main floor and balcony. 
Check conditions of all wicker linen baskets, replace as needed. 
Pull out banquette seats, clean and reset glue traps and seal any holes. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WeintenancelbwgIBWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588367
--- PAGE 4 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 4 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
 Banquettes and furniture inspection. 
Please inspect all your banquettes, look for rips, loose springs or if it is wearing out. If 
you need your banquettes repaired take a floor plan and mark the banquettes with 
damage and a small note explaining the problem. Then fax it to LIC to Gary A. Then 
follow up with an e-mail to Gary A. and Gerardo G. letting us know the problems and 
that you faxed the floor plan. Within a couple of days Gary should have a scheduled 
day for the repair. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UWaintenanceUswgIBWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588368
--- PAGE 5 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 5 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
WEEK 3 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
Clean out beer and wine in walk-in refrigerator completely. Clean racks and rotate 
stock. 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Check and test Alarm System once a month. 
All Alarm buttons at--
a: 
Host Stand 
b: 
Behind Bar Upstairs 
c: 
Bar Downstairs 
d: 
Waiters Hutch Downstairs 
e: 
Host Stand Downstairs 
f: 
In manager office. 
Circuit board and key pad in manager office. 
g: 
Pendants 
Check managers' and chefs' phone and beeper numbers are correct. 
Test surveillance equipment. 
Check all coffee areas have a bang bar on a chain with metal cap. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
Any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WeintenancelbwgIBWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588369
--- PAGE 6 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 6 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
,-..,2005 8.R. Guest. Inc. 
LOMaintenancelbwg,SWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588370
--- PAGE 7 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 7 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
WEEK 4 
4th Monday of month - exterminator - Pull and follow master instruction sheets 
(exterminator prep sheets). 
Main Floor 
Jazz Room 
Vault Room 
Follow maintenances man document and review his work for the corresponding week. 
Confirm tool area is clean and organized. 
Have Maintenance E-mail ready (problems and questions). 
See chefs maintenance notes: U:ANGELA1BWMKITCHEMCLEANING 
Clean all espresso handles and regular coffee filters with baking soda - remove 
strainers and clean baskets and holder of machine. 
Clean all white ice buckets inside and out with Ajax. 
Discard old, torn, logo discolored & plastic inserts torn AMEX books and 
order new ones. The lead time is 4-6 weeks. 
Curtains in Bank Vault Room (clean as needed). Over cleaning will damage 
the curtains. 
At locker or change area gather up all work shoes and place in plastic crate. After 2 
weeks discard shoes that are left. 
Check all chairs and banquettes for rips, holes and burns 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Test all thermostats are at 72° and confirm auto mode (on thermostat) will call for heat 
or cold as needed. If problem, contact Arista. 
Check porters using drill bits on ovens to unclog jet holes. 
Test all "Bug & Fly machines". Make sure they are in proper working order. 
Inspect and keep organized storage area in basement. 
Any problem inform the corresponding department, Maintenance or BOH. 
Confirm cleaning of all coils & drain lines in all refrigeration compressors. Follow coil 
cleaning document. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:1MaintenancelbwOWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588371
--- PAGE 8 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 8 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Check all carpet on balcony and in Vault Room. Clean, if necessary. (Carpets should 
be cleaned 4-6 times a year approximately). 
Check if sidewalk area needs power washing. 
Inspect every chair in the restaurant, pull out all chairs with stain or rips. E-mail LIC 
your request for chairs. 
Inspect all back sleeve covers for chairs. Send your request to LIC. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with ice. 
Check all café chairs. Send any with broken weave to be repaired at L.I.C. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
@2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancellswgIBWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588372
--- PAGE 9 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 9 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 1 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: 
_balcony 
_Jazz room 
Vault room 
Dust sofits 
Jazz room ceiling 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
on top of oil tank. 
inside refrigerator room 
by building boiler room 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition _in front of beer walk-in box 
_in ejector room 
in front of managers office _inside basement by water 
heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
_main kitchen coffee station 
necessary. 
at 4 ice machine 
main kitchen steamers 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
@2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UWaintenancelbwgIBWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588373
--- PAGE 10 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 10 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 1 over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling, especially over tables 65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of NC only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
On West end of café (near Union Square restaurant) clean 6" — high vent (lift cover); 
clean air curtain screen by back metal doors; clean 2 screens above. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:UNaintenancelbwgIBWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588374
--- PAGE 11 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 11 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Clean all smoke eater cells in 4 units for Jazz room: 
over beer walk-in 
in main office. 
over kitchen walk-in, 
Clean outside vents on platform roof. (Stairs next to back door). 
_Makeup air — clean and replace filters 
_AC fresh air supply at far end 
_Check all timers for makeup air for kitchen hoods 
Clean motors behind convection ovens in lower kitchen. 
Oil, water pump and heaters in basement. 
Oil with WD 40 all door locks for doors and pad locks for walk-in box. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (SOH). 
Check all refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and on all walk-in box doors 
Check large folding party tables for any necessary repairs or painting 
Remove panel on glass wall in vault room and dust off back and front of wall. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for correct light levels. 
Check dimmer control zone charts are posted and all zones are marked correctly to 
zone chart. Don't change sitting without asking management first. Then adjust 
necessary document. All zone changes 5-7 minutes except for AM 
Clean and dust top pink ceiling in Jazz Room. Use lightly damp cloth. 
Dust and check lights on top level and lights on second level. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:11.1aIntenancelbwOWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588375
--- PAGE 12 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 12 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
,-..,2005 8.R. Guest. Inc. 
LOMaintenancelbwg,SWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588376
--- PAGE 13 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 13 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 2 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
_Jazz room 
_Vault 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace bulbs, dust and clean. Replace glass carefully. 
balcony Mezzanine 
under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
in front of beer walk-in box 
ejector room _in front of managers office 
inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
_Main 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order 
seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588377
--- PAGE 14 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 14 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar A/C unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator (718) 387-
7500. (To be done twice a week -- Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily Porters 
work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar _steps up to Jazz service bar area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean coils of all compressors: 
in compressor room 
above beer walk-in box 
_stairs in platform area 
NC for vault room. Blow out all drain lines for any 
type of compressors. 
Clean both kitchen coils for _salad crisper 
freezer _runners refrigerator 
in Main kitchen _refrigerator next to steamers in Main kitchen. 
Check NC Sprinkler system located in back alley to see if it needs to be drained. 
Check all faucets at all prep area sinks, all bathrooms (including employee bathroom), 
dishwasher area, pot washers and plumbing area in good order. 
Check floor drain covers in kitchen (under coffee area, dishwasher line, prep area, ice 
room bakery). 
Clean and polish all wood floors: _Main Floor. 
Check on both floors all sinks have drain cover screens and are screwed down at 
at bar sinks 
dish area sink 
_pantry area sink 
_pot sink in dish room 
_all oyster bar sinks 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588378
--- PAGE 15 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 15 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Test all "Bug and Fly Machines". Make sure they are in proper working order. 
Check all smoke detectors are in working order: 
by locker area _coat check room 
_dry goods area 
sofit above lockers 
storage above prep kitchen. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588379
--- PAGE 16 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 16 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 3 
Vacuum blinds on 3 windows at staircase and blinds above arched café doors. 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony _Jazz room _Vault 
Dust sofits 
Jazz room ceiling 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside refrigerator room 
on top of oil tank. 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
_in ejector _in front of managers office 
by building boiler room 
in front of beer walk-in box 
_inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz 
Check all walls and columns for painting. 
Vault room 
Main 
Mezzanine 
Main floor 
Jazz room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check all electric dimmers have cover plates and marked for correct light levels. 
Check bathroom have in proper order _seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dish washer clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
above in linen storage area 
_at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
_lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588380
--- PAGE 17 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 17 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Empty, clean and bleach 3 metal pans: 1 over piano in Jazz Room, 1 over steps to Jazz 
Room Bar, 1 over Dishwasher room doorway. For each, open access door. (Leak 
from upstairs bar soda lines.) 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar NC unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
_NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELA1BWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
VIP: Vacuum ceiling panels in entire ceiling especially over tables 65-67, 56-57, host 
area and all NC vents. 
Vacuum balcony ceiling in front of NC only. 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Clean and dust stereo units in all areas. (Use can of compressed air). Spray all NCR 
computers 
_Jazz room 
Main host stand 
_Bank vault 
Main stereo unit off coat check room. 
Oil, water pump for water heaters in basement. 
Downstairs 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588381
--- PAGE 18 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 18 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Check all exit lights and emergency lights are working (8 total) 
Upstairs: 
_door to back alley 
_door to main entrance 
_between tables #22 and #23 over café doors 
at base of stairs outside coat check area 
_over entrance to Jazz room 
_over exit to Jazz kitchen by bread station 
_outside dish room (hallway) 
_base of back stairs to upstairs kitchen 
Change oil in power sprayer. Use 30 weight non-detergent oil. 
Blow out: 
_all bar sinks 
_steam tables 
_slop sink (in basement) 
_service ice bin in both bars 
_all 4 NC unit drain lines: 
_oyster bar 
_above beer walk-in 
_2 above fish walk-in) 
_both kitchen floors 
_blow out walk-in compressor drain 
_cappuccino drain 
_main and balcony bathroom sinks 
_pantry sink drain 
_inside of line refrigerators 
Check hinges on all doors at host stand and at all waiter service areas. 
Look at oyster bar glass. Replace sections as needed. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
 Paint large outdoor garbage area gate doors with black gloss paint. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
Check NuCo2 alarms are 100%. Press and hold test button. You will hear and see the 
alarm light go on. 
Check with maintenance man all electric clock timers are all on correct times. 
Follow Master Doc. 
_exhaust main kitchen 
_makeup main kitchen 
(Located by staircase inside black cage on main floor). 
_exhaust prep kitchen 
_makeup air prep kitchen 
(Located on the south wall above traulsen refrigerator in prep kitchen). 
_each refrigerator compressor in the ejector room has its own timer. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588382
--- PAGE 19 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 19 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Check belts and grease bearings on exhaust and make up air. 
prep kitchen and 
main kitchen. 
Check you have backup fuses for main service and plastic fuse puller inside main panel. 
Make sure you have a backup hose for dishwasher table. 
Confirm you have back up NC filters. If you need more ask manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have back up water filters. If you need more ask manager to 
Order them from LIC. 
Confirm you have backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm you have the back up motor for the kitchen exhaust. 
Check you have backup belts 
exhaust 
_makeup air. 
Check bathrooms exhaust fans are working. 
Check all gaskets on all refrigerators and freezers (B.O.H.). 
Check an refrigerator door gaskets in kitchen and all walk-in box doors. 
Confirm dish machine exhaust is working properly. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UWaintenanceUswgIBWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588383
--- PAGE 20 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 20 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
MAINTENANCE 
(ALL ITEMS MUST BE CHECKED MY MANAGER) 
WEEK 4 
Clean and level all photos: _Balcony 
Vault Room 
Confirm all mirrors are level in Jazz Room. 
Remove carefully glass light shelf behind all banquettes. Replace bulbs, dust and 
clean. Replace glass carefully. _balcony Mezzanine _under stairs 
Windex mirror above sofit in vault room. 
Inspect sump pumps are in good condition 
in front of beer walk-in box 
ejector room _in front of managers office 
inside basement by water heater. 
Check oil tank inside building basement for leaks and bugs. Inspect cage area. 
Clean and polish all wood floors: 
Jazz room. 
Clean stainless steel tank in front of managers office. Confirm pumps are working. 
Check all walls and columns for painting. _Mezzanine _Main floor 
Jazz room 
Vault room 
Check all light fixtures outside _lamps in floor of café _front door columns 
_lights to flag above front door. 
Check bathroom have in proper order _seat cover holders 
_toilet paper dispensers 
_soap dispensers 
_paper towel machine 
Tighten all rest room toilet seat covers. Have dishwasher clean with a toothbrush the 
brackets of all partitions in bathrooms. 
Check all water filters are clean and water pressure is good. 
_above in linen storage area 
at 4 ice machines 
main kitchen steamers 
_main kitchen coffee station 
lower level coffee station. Replace filter if 
necessary. 
Check screws, bolts and weather stripping on cafe doors and all front doors and 3 front 
windows. Fix all cafe doors not to slam shut. Adjust hinges and stoppers. 
Check hose connection in trap door (ceiling) across from Jazz Room bread station. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:I.MaIntenancelbwgIBWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588384
--- PAGE 21 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 21 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Check upstairs balcony bathroom small exhaust fan is working. 
Change or vacuum clean AC filters: Clean screen and inside filter area 
_at oyster bar A/C unit 
_clean NC unit over beer walk-in box 
NC unit over front door 
_butchers drop ceiling (see if needs to be drained) 
Check and confirm mechanical room in alley way on platform area is clean and 
organized. 
Confirm freight elevator entrance area is clean. 
Clean inside elevator shaft, bleach and clean. Follow instructions to open doors. 
(See attached Doc.: U:ANGELASWMELEVATOR). Be careful. Confirm sump 
pump is working. If any problems, alert manager to call Arrow Elevator 
(718) 387-7500. (To be done twice a week 
Mon-Thurs in addition to the daily 
Porters work). 
Pull out all banquette seats, clean & reset glue traps & seal any holes. Booths 1, 2, 3, 
50-57, 60-64, 65-67 -- clean seat and back corners and reseat correctly. 
Check and replace on non-skid tape on all stairs for F.O.H. and B.O.H. steps. 
back steps to main kitchen 
steps to Jazz bar 
steps up to Jazz service bar 
area. 
Check carpet for any stains and clean. 
Check all strainers are in place on all floor and sink drains. 
Check bus station stands: 
rubber feet 
_cloth band not frayed. 
Check bottoms of all chairs and bar stools to be sure all plastic pegs are in place. 
Reset nails. 
Check pole and top of stairs holding up balcony is clean or if it needs to be repainted. 
Check molding and doors of linen cabinet under stairs to see if it needs painting. 
Wipe down all speaker wires on balcony. Remove all dust. 
Confirm all soda gun holder have its proper drain. 
@2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:1MaIntenancelbwOWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588385
--- PAGE 22 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 22 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Spray for bugs around 
all motor and compressors 
cappuccino machine (and 
water pumps) _compressors on all refrigerators that have self-contained compressors 
_glass freezers at bar area _dish machine, remove cover and spray around 
motors. 
Windex all windows. 
Clean all wall sconces and chandeliers. DO NOT SPIN. BE VERY CAREFUL. 
Confirm backup of all types of light bulbs. 
Confirm all CO2 and Nitrogen tanks are chained up. 
Reverse Jazz Room curtains (e.g. Curtain B). The following month 
change to new curtain (e.g. Curtain A). Dry clean old curtain (Curtain B). 
Have office give information, for example cost. 
Advise office of any problems that may arise. 
Clean and empty grease traps: 
inside compressor room, 
by building boiler room on top of oil tank with help form the PM porters. 
Coordinate and schedule with the Maintenance Dept. or Dishwasher (BF only) to clean 
and sanitize ice bins for ice machines. Manager and chef must inspect and confirm 
they are clean before the unit is refilled with ice. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
 DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:IMaintenancellswgIBWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588386
--- PAGE 23 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 23 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
PORTER 
WEEK 1 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588387
--- PAGE 24 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 24 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16'" Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
@2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:1MaintenancelbwgIBWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588388
--- PAGE 25 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 25 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
2005 B R Guest. Inc. 
LOW intena ncelbwMEIWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588389
--- PAGE 26 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 26 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
PORTER 
WEEK 2 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588390
--- PAGE 27 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 27 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
16'" Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
@2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:1MaintenancelbwgIBWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588391
--- PAGE 28 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 28 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 718-706-9827 BY SUNDAY W/E 
C,2005 8.R. Guest. Inc. 
LOMaintenancelbwg,SWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588392
--- PAGE 29 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 29 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
PORTER 
WEEK 3 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:1MaintenencelbwgIBWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588393
--- PAGE 30 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 30 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
161h Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588394
--- PAGE 31 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 31 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UWaintenanceUswgIBWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588395
--- PAGE 32 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 32 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
PORTER 
WEEK 4 
Clean and dust walls in Jan Room basement dining room area and bar and use 
large ladder so you can reach the top. Take a clean regular size broom and wrap a 
damp (clean) apron or tablecloth around it. Lightly brush off the top of walls. Each area 
should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. Each night you are required to do 
one area. They are as follows: 
MONDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom around pay 
phones and doors to Jazz Room. 
Clean and polish wood walls at North wall to service area wall. 
Marble wall, column, window frames, front door entrance, door 
frames, A/C unit on top of door and top and sides of ducts by host 
stand. 
TUESDAY: 
Clean marble steps and walls from bathroom to first floor. 
Clean & polish wood walls at North & South areas to bar. 
Clean and polish wood paneling -- all areas: 
Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, 
paneling behind table 56. 
WEDNESDAY: 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
shades. 
Wipe down all columns with a lightly damp cloth. 
Wipe down wall at stair area with a lightly damp cloth. 
Clean and polish wood walls and marble around bar and back bar. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:1MaintenancelbwgIBWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588396
--- PAGE 33 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 33 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
South and Southwest walls between tables 25 to 67. Go up to 
balcony and clean all windows and window shades inside and out. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
Dust and check lights behind stage. 
South wall between tables 1 to 2. Clean inside and out all window 
blinds. 
Clean blinds on balcony. 
THURSDAY: 
Clean and polish wood walls in hallway to bathroom and doors to 
Jazz Room. 
Use citrus oil on this downstairs paneling —
All wood paneling around entire restaurant. 
■ Balcony - west walls, bathroom areas, service bus station 
■ Main floor - west wall at oyster bar, kitchen entrance, paneling 
behind table 56. 
Polish brass supports for sneeze guard and light fixtures 
on Oyster Bar. 
Polish all brass corner angles. 
FRIDAY: 
Clean and polish paneling along entire platform from host 
stand to oyster bar and front of bar. 
Dust. Be careful. Be sure hands are clean. Dust all 12 wall lamp 
shades and 3 booth lamp shades in Jazz Room. 
Windex bus station across for table 202. 
Windex Jazz Room host stand. 
Have PM Porter clean with mild detergent and scrub with a brush the 5 awnings on 
161h Street and the 2 awnings on Broadway. Then rinse them out with the water hose. 
Be careful with the doors. Don't use too much water. It can get in the restaurant and 
damage the floors. 
Clean grease traps. Clean inside large tank with ejector pumps in basement 
compressor room with maintenances man. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaIntenancelbwgIBWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588397
--- PAGE 34 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 34 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Manually scrub all base board in man room and ladies room. 
Polish and clean base board of all 3 hutches in main floor and one in jazz room. 
COMMENTS: 
MANAGER 
DATE 
MAINTENANCE PERSON 
FAX ATTN: GERARDO AT 212-679-0996 BY SUNDAY W/E. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
UWaintenanceUswgIBWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588398
--- PAGE 35 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 35 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
FIRE INSPECTION DOCUMENT 
This report most be completed and fax it to the Maintenance department office the first week 
of each month. 
Note: Manager with the help of the maintenance man completed the inspection sheet. 
Date of inspection on the line. 
 Fire extinguisher check off list. Confirm with maintenance all fire extinguishers 
are in correct order and back of tag signed (follow check of sheet). 
 Inspection suppression systems (Ansul system) "TAG" is up to date. 
 Confirm Ansul pipes are in position and have caps. 
 Confirm the Deep fry has a divider panel at least 16" high. 
 Confirm we have at list one extinguisher class K in each kitchen. 
 Confirm instructions how to operated Ansul system are posted in kitchens. 
 Confirm duct diagram is posted next to Ansul system. FIRE DEPT. (MO) 
O 15t floor 
O 3rd floor 
O Banquets 
O Green room 
Confirm Certificate of inspection for your Ansul system is on file could be Sentinel or Ideal. 
Exhaust hood sticker is updated and posted to each hood (cleaning service tag) 
Inspect hood filters confirm that there is not one missing. 
Inspection and test of emergency lights and exit lights. 
Confirm all exit doors are clear (adequate egress) 
Confirm you have a copy of PA plans on file. 
Confirm you have in file and updated inspection log of sprinkler, standpipe and 
fire alarm if apply. 
Inspection and test of smoke detector in storage area if apply. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:WaintenancelbwgIBWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588399
--- PAGE 36 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 36 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Nuco2 
Confirm tank is chain to the wall. 
 Certificate of fitness for the driver is posted at the tank 
 Affidavit of installation (must have a copy in manager's office) 
 Log sheet posted on the tank, date for service, pressure test and driver number. 
yr pressure test on file in office. 
 Sings posted (Warning CO2, Caution Carbon Dioxide sticker and Certificate 
of approval sticker on tank) 
Air Conditioning confirms. 
Permits and specifications for each unit. 
OTHERS 
Open flame permits on file and update. 
Flame retarded permits for curtain, ceiling fabrics and furniture covers on file and update. 
Neon permits on file and update "if apply". 
Comments and notes: 
Fax this report to 212- 679-0996. 
O2005 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:VAaintenencelbwgIBWG- November.cloc 
EFTA00588400
--- PAGE 37 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 37 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
DISH MACHINE INSPECTION DOC. 
RESTAURANT 
DATE.
VIP- HAND INSPECTION DOCUMENT TO SANOLITE TECH 
MANAGER: FOLLOW UP ANY PROBLEM AND CONFIRMED IT GET RESOLVED, WRITE NOTE 
OR COMMENTS BEFORE YOU FAX IT. 
MINIMUM TEMPERATURES BY THE BOH. 
WA SHE TEMPERATURE 160°. RINSE TEMPERATURE 180°. 
WASH 
. RINSE. 
PROBLEMS 
CHEMICAL DISPENSER OPERATING PROPERLY 
YES 
,NOT 
,PROBLEM 
WASH AND RINSE ARMS INSPECTION. 
WASH 
, RINSE 
, PROBLEM 
WASH ASSEMBLY. 
RINSE PRESSURE 
CHECK GAGE CONDITIONS. 
INCOMING WATER 
RINSE 
MOTORS CONDITIONS AND SEALS. 
WASH MOTOR 
SEAL. 
RINSE MOTOR 
SEAL. 
CONVEYORS DRIVE 
RINSE DRAIN CLEAR. 
CURTAINS CONDITION BETWEEN TANKS. 
DO YOU SEE ANY LEAK 
? WHERE. 
TEST LEVELS OF M. IN THE MACHINE. 
CHEMICAL EXPLICATION CHARD POSTED 
OTHER CHEMICAL DISPENSERS. 
DISPENSER POT SINK WASHES. 
DISPENSER FOR PRESOAKING SILVERWARE. 
CHEMICAL FOR GREASE TRAPS. 
MACHINE NEED TO BE DESCALED YES 
. NO 
COMMENTS AND ACTIONS TAKE IT. 
FAX TO GERARDO G. (212) 679-0996 
TECH NAME 
. MANAGERS 
E:2005 8.R. Guest. Inc. 
1.1:1Maintenancelbwg‘BWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588401
--- PAGE 38 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 38 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
FIRE EXTINGUISHER CHECK OFF LIST 
DATE: 
RESTAURANT: 
After this report has been filled out, please fax to LIC operations at 718-706-9827. 
LIC. Operations will follow any issue or schedule with the fire preventive company. 
Check all fire extinguishers have proper fire inspection tags on them and are not expired. Initial and 
date the back of the tag under "Monthly Inspection Record". Follow "Fire Extinguisher Check 
Off List" to confirm extinguisher are in assigned places. When sending fire extinguishers out 
for service, you must put the stores name on the bottom in black magic marker. 
Area 
Qty. 
ID# 
Location 
Type 
Missing 
Tag 
Everythin 
g O.K. 
Need 
refill 
Unit 
Missing 
Dining Room 
Service Bar 
(A) Water 
Hosstess 
(A) Water 
Raw Bar 
(A) Water 
Main Kitchen 
Entrance 
BC 
Exit Door 
BC 
Exit Door 
Class (K) 
Prep Kitchen 
Entrance 
BC 
Entrance 
Class (K) 
East Wall 
BC 
Dry Goods 
Storage 
Metro Shelve 
ABC 
Locker Area 
Entrance 
ABC 
Back 
ABC 
Coat Check 
Entrance 
ABC 
Manager Office 
Entrance 
ABC 
Vault Room 
Entrance 
(A) Water 
Mezzanine 
Waitress Station 
(A) Water 
Jazz Room 
Brad Station 
(A) Water 
Waiter Lotch 
(A) Water 
Closet 
(A) Water 
Dishroom 
Entrance 
ABC 
Boiler Room 
Next to heaters 
ABC 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
11:1MaintenancelbwOIWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588402
--- PAGE 39 ---
As of 2/08/05 
Page 39 of 39 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
REFRIGERATION COILS CLEANING PROCEDURES 
Coils must be clean and maintained in proper order monthly. This will assure the proper 
functionality of the refrigeration equipment, reducing costly repairs and also reduce energy 
consume. 
Maintenances man needs to have the following items. Plastic brush, coil cleaner, spray bottle. 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
1. In the spray bottle mix water and 4 oz. of coil cleaner. 
2. Turn OFF the compressor. 
3. Once the compressor is OFF spray the formula on the coil and let it work for at list 5 
minutes, repeat spraying, once the grease is loose clean the front of the coil from the 
top to the bottom with the plastic brush. Repeat this operation until the coil is totally 
clean. 
4. When you finish make sure to turn ON the compressor. 
NOTE: Each compressor takes about 15 to 20 minutes to clean. 
All compressors need to be clean, including the refrigeration units that do not have cooling 
coil. (Water cooling units, self contain or remote compressors). 
VIP Report any problem with compressor to managers. Be specific. 
Refrigeration unit 
Num# 
Unit description 
System type 
Compressors 
location 
O2005 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
LOMaintenancelbwOIWG- November.doc 
EFTA00588403

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588404.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 1/19/10 
Page 1 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Schedule waiters meeting 3r6 Wed. of month at 3:00PM. Have all sign off. Schedule busboy 
and runners meeting 3'6 Thurs. of month at 3:00PM. Have all sign off. 
Note: Be sure when having your meetings they are in an area clear of guests so as not to be 
rude. Give quarterly food tests to all workers if none given in last 2 weeks. 
First week of April have an in-house hostess meeting on café. 
Review café document at server meeting. 
Advise hostesses to call regular lunch (and possibly dinner) guests to see if they're coming in 
that day. We want to make sure we have a special table ready for them or their regular or 
desired table/section. 
Note: Use the MEMO FIELD in Open Table to indicate these guests preferences re: sitting, 
eating, drinking, etc. 
Manager and Chef Notes: 
Confirm dates for Women's "Fashion Week" Call Council for Fashion Design of America 
302-1821 - sometime in the beginning of April. Be prepared to be busier. 
Confirm dates for "Gift Show" at Javitz Center. Be prepared to be busier. 
Don't put away coat racks and hangers before end of April. Tie all parts and hangers 
together. (Move to on-call status with coat checks). 
Change menu for spring/summer eating and drinking. Print special table tents if 
necessary. Remember smoked items. (Run food and liquor classes geared towards 
Spring/Summer. 
Chef Reminder: As we start to get busier, be prepared to have 2 full-time raw bars set 
up 6-days a week -- one upstairs, one downstairs. 
VIP: Managers: When the temperature is above 65F degrees, but not warm enough to 
have all cafe doors open only use cafe doors at table 3 and table 28. When the 
temperature is below 65F degrees, only use the cafe door at table 28. VIP: When 
seating table 28, in this circumstance you must, advise guests that the door will be 
opening and closing. Reserve this table for walk-ins only and people young at heart. 
Chefs: Confirm you have a complete set of oyster tags for display. Confirm all oysters 
for month are in index. VIP: Make sure oyster tags are kept in plastic bags with 
daily oysters! 
Caf6 Season: 
On cooler days more attention needs to be placed on getting the café sat. If you find it 
difficult to seat the café the following are options to get the ball rolling: 
• When guests are waiting on a table inside offer to serve them coffee in the café 
(they can sit and relax) 
• Think smart, offer café tables to younger guests 
• Offer a young couple while the café is still empty to buy them lunchlbrunch 
Once the first table is seated other parties are more apt to sit. You'll be surprised of the 
domino effect. 
E2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:\Adinin Restaurants‘Restaurants1BWG NYIMANAGER1Monthly Planning SchedultAAPRIL.doc 
EFTA00588404
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 1/19/10 
Page 2 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Keep hiring all staff even if you have enough. People will leave. 
Polish brass thresholds at entrance and café doors. 
Inspect all furniture and umbrellas. Repair if needed. 
Staff: 
For your first warm days 65 degrees and above have a Sat wait staff on duty - you will 
do 2500 to 3500 in business, the same business you did on Sat. in Jan. and Feb. 
Mandatory attendance for wait staff at 3:00pm meetings. Daytime staff stays until 4PM. 
Evening staff in at 3:00PM. If you're scheduled to work you must be at meetings 
Monday - Friday through April. Review extra station during lunch summer/spring floor 
plan. As soon as you have the café door open your lunch business will increase. 
Make sure to review your spring/summer staff. Have everyone refreshed and ready to 
go for increase of business. For PM during the week for first warm days you will need 
full summer staff: 9 waiters 3 bus, 2 hosts bartender and service coffee-person. Since 
it may not stay warm all night, schedule or 2 outside waiters for swing shifts 12-9, but 
make sure they are prepared to stay because in early spring people want to sit 
outside even if its 55 degrees. Every Week have "on-call": have a service bartender, 
coffee-person and 2nd hostess in case it rains or its cold- you won't need them. 
Do not cut PM café waters until 8PM. This is when the café will fill. Swings if 
necessary. 
Mid April - Outside table service should be going. people want to sit outside. Be sure 
when outside opens food/server on time. Sell drinks people are thirsty. Review 
AGUA pours in all drinks. 
VIP: Don't forget host, busser and runner training meetings 
When warm weather starts you also need additional staff for: 
Monday and Tuesday -- Host and Manager in Jazz Room. 
Wednesday thru Saturday -- Additional Host to answer phones only and take 
reservations. 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM MA 
PM 
AM PM 
Servers 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Cocktail 
Scheduled 
I 
E2010 BR Guest LLC 
LIAAdmin Restausants1Restaurants1BWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleVAPRIL.doc 
EFTA00588405
--- PAGE 3 ---
As of 1/19/10 
Page 3 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
A 
M 
PM A 
M 
PM A 
M 
PM A 
M 
PM 
A 
M 
PM AM 
PM 
A 
M 
PM 
Svc. Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
PM 
TUE 
AM 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Host 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Busser 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Runner 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Coffee 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FR 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Barback 
Scheduled 
E2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1Restaurants1BWG NY\ MANAGER5Monthly Planning SchectuleVAPRIL.doc 
EFTA00588406
--- PAGE 4 ---
As of 1/19/10 
Page 4 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Palm Sunday — Sunday, April 9111 2006 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sun. 
April 9 
AM 
• 
at 4 people- 2 at 2 people 
• 
Early and late 
• 
Families. couples, tourist 
and regulars 
• 
Slow start/ big hit at 1-2pm 
• 
Normal 
$17,688 
Below 
normal 
784 
Sunny 50° 
Sun. 
April 9 
PM 
• 
of 37 people -1 of 27 
people 
• 
All — late hit after 9 — all 
walk-ins 
• 
Tourist, regular and young 
• 
Normal 
• 
Normal 
$25,479 
Below 
normal 
408 
Low 50° 
High 40°s 
E2010 BR Guest LLC 
LhAdmin Restaurants1Restaurants1BWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleVAPRIL.doc 
EFTA00588407
--- PAGE 5 ---
As of 1/19/10 
Page 5 of 17 
SERVERS 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Palm Sunday 2006 Staff Information 
CHANGES BUSBOY CHANGES RUNNERS CHANGES 
HOST 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
SUN 
4/9 
PHONE/ 
BAR 
CHANGES COFFEE CHANGES HOL.RES CHANGES 
COAT 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
I AM PM 
AM PM 
SUN 
4/9 
MGR 
CHANGES DELIVERY CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
SUN 
4/4 
Palm Sunday 2006 Notes 
Table sizes:  Several — 1 ten top, 3 nine top, 2 eight tops and several five and six tops 
Payroll: Very- brunch and change over — swing shifts would help — hit was between 12-3 
Menu served:  Brunch and dinner 
E2010 BR Guest LLC 
LIAAdmin Restausants1Restaurants1BWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleVAPRIL.doc 
EFTA00588408
--- PAGE 6 ---
As of 1/19/10 
Page 6 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Passover— Thursday, April 9th 2009 
SALES 
WERE SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Clear, 
Cold 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late 
business 
What were Menu trends? 
$4,906.07 
Thurs 
April 9 
AM 
• 
cancel, 2 no shows 
• 
All 
• 
Regular 
• 
Steady with no hit 
• 
PF menus 
Below 
129 
Thurs 
April 9 
PM 
• 
cancel, 6 no shows 
• 
All 
• 
Regular — several 
observing holiday and 
Matze requests 
• 
No hit, steady flow, died 
relatively early. Lots of 
cancellations 
• 
PF menus and Fish 
$20,617.12 
Below 
296 
Clear, 
Cold 
E2010 BR Guest LLC 
LIAAdmin Restausants1Restaurants1BWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleVAPRIL.doc 
EFTA00588409
--- PAGE 7 ---
As of 1/19/10 
Page 7 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Passover 2009 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
N/A 
4/9/09 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Passover 2009 Notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
E2010 BR Guest LLC 
LIAAdmin Restausants1Restaurants1BWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleVAPRIL.doc 
EFTA00588410
--- PAGE 8 ---
As of 1/19/10 
Page 8 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Passover—Thursday, April V2007 
SALES 
WERE SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
60's 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late 
business 
What were Menu trends? 
Normal 
249 
Tue. 
April 3 
AM 
• 
No 
• 
All 
• 
All 
• 
Slow 
• 
All 
$8,302 
Tue. 
April 3 
PM 
• 
No 
• 
All 
• 
Regular 
• 
Slow early, slow late 
• 
Normal 
$25,978 
Normal 
421 
40's 
Passover 2007 Staff Information 
SERVERS CHANGES BUSBOY CHANGES RUNNERS CHANGES 
HOST 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
TUE 
4/3 
PHONE/ 
BAR 
CHANGES COFFEE CHANGES HOL.RES CHANGES 
COAT 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM AM PM 
TUE 
4/3 
MGR 
CHANGES DELIVERY CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
TUE 
4/3 
Passover 2007 Notes 
All normal 
E2010 BR Guest LLC 
LhArlinin Restaurants1RestaurantsSWG NYIMANAGERIMenthly Planning ScheduleVAPRIL.dec 
EFTA00588411
--- PAGE 9 ---
As of 1/19/10 
Page 9 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Passover— Wednesday, April 12th — Thursday, April 13th 2006 
SALES 
WERE SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late 
business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sat. 
April 12 
AM 
Normal 
• 
All times 
• 
Normal 
• 
Normal 
• 
Lunch 
$10.340 
Above 
normal 
288 
Beautiful 
60° 
Sat. 
April 12 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
All times 
• 
Normal 
• 
Normal 
• 
Dinner 
$31,535 
Below 
normal 
445 
Nice 50° 
Sun. 
April 13 
AM 
• 
N/A 
$11,432 
Above 
normal 
339 
Nice 
sunny 60° 
Sun. 
April 13 
PM 
• 
N/A 
$36,445 
Above 
normal 
558 
Nice clear 
60° 
E2010 BR Guest LLC 
LIAAdmin Restausants1Restaurants1BWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleVAPRIL.doc 
EFTA00588412
--- PAGE 10 ---
As of 1/19/10 
Page 10 of 17 
SERVERS 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Passover 2006 Staff Information 
CHANGES BUSBOY CHANGES RUNNERS CHANGES 
HOST 
CHANGE 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
SAT 
4/12 
SUN 
4/13 
PHONE/ 
BAR 
CHANGES COFFEE CHANGES HOL.RES CHANGES 
COAT 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM ' AM PM 
SAT 
4/12 
SUN 
4113 
MGR 
CHANGES DELIVERY CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
SAT 
4/12 
1.5 
2.5 
SUN 
4/13 
1.5 
2.5 
Passover 2006 Notes 
All normal 
E2010 BR Guest LLC 
LIAAdmin Restausants1Restaurants1BWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleVAPRIL.doc 
EFTA00588413
--- PAGE 11 ---
As of 1/19/10 
Page 11 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Easter — Sunday, April 12th 2008 
SALES 
WERE SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Rainy, 
40s 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late 
business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sat. 
April 11 
AM 
• 
N/A 
$9,257 
Below 
178 
Sat. 
April 11 
PM 
• 
N/A 
$31,800 
Below 
101 
Rainy, 
40s 
Sun. 
April 12 
AM 
• 
N/A 
$21.306 
Above 
809 
Sunny, 
50s 
Sun. 
April 12 
PM 
• 
N/A 
$17.546 
Above 
318 
50s 
Mon. 
April 13 
AM 
Mon. 
April 13 
PM 
• 
N/A 
$6,315 
Normal 
Normal 
194 
256 
Cold, 
Rainy 
Cold, 
Rainy 
• 
N/A 
$15,678 
E2010 BR Guest LLC 
LIAAdmin Restausants1Restaurants1BWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleVAPRIL.doc 
EFTA00588414
--- PAGE 12 ---
As of 1/19/10 
Page 12 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Easter 2009 Staff Information 
N/A 
N/A 
Easter 2009 Notes 
E2010 BR Guest LLC 
LIAAdmin Restausants1Restaurants1BWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleVAPRIL.doc 
EFTA00588415
--- PAGE 13 ---
As of 1/19/10 
Page 13 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Good Friday/ Easter — Friday April 6th — Sunday, April 8th 2007 
SALES 
WERE SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
60's 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late 
business 
What were Menu trends? 
Fri. 6 
April 
AM 
• 
• 
Busy early, died at 3 
Busy Lunch 
Business lunches 
No major large parties 
$12, 402 
Above 
normal 
401 
Fri. 
April 6 
PM 
• 
• 
• 
Busy dinner 
Fish specials 
Have no doubles 
$37, 294 
Above 
normal 
620 
60's 
Sat. 
April 7 
AM 
• 
• 
Normal Saturday lunch 
Look for underage 
drinkers 
$13, 108 
Normal 
450 
60's 
Sat. 
April 7 
PM 
• 
• 
Normal dinner 
Look for underage 
drinkers 
$39, 605 
Normal 
680 
60's 
Sun. 
April 8 
AM 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Be ready to open 30 
minutes early 
Do not overbook 
All reservations 
Very smooth day 
$18, 697 
Above 
807 
60's 
Sun. 
• 
April 8 
• 
PM 
• 
L 
PM pre-meal should be 
minutes 
All fresh servers 
Busy early 
$23, 309 
Below 
normal 
455 
60's 
E2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:\Admin Restausants1Restaurants1BWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleVAPRIL.doc 
EFTA00588416
--- PAGE 14 ---
As of 1/19/10 
Page 14 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Good Friday/ Easter 2006 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
GOOD FRIDAY 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
12+5 oc 
2+10oc 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
22+4oc 
SATURDAY 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
12+4 oc 
1.5 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
22+4oc 
E2010 BR Guest LLC 
LIAAdmin Restausants1Restaurants1BWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleVAPRIL.doc 
EFTA00588417
--- PAGE 15 ---
As of 1/19/10 
Page 15 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
EASTER SUNDAY 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
22+4oc 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
22+4oc 
Good Friday/ Easter 2007 Notes 
Table sizes: Normal on Saturday, Sunday Brunch and dinner had a lot of large parties. 
Large Parties: For Sunday Brunch and dinner we had a $5 per person cancellation fee- 48hr notice. 
Confirmations: Confirm all reservations through Sunday night by Thursday Afternoon. This must be 
done. 
Extra supplies: Must do a Brunch check off sheet on Thursday to confirm all supplies. Make sure 
all roasters are working. 
Payroll: No doubles on Sunday must run a smooth transition. 
Menu: Normal plus printed specials for Sunday dinner. 
Additional notes:  Double check all supplies two weeks out to make sure all can be ordered at the 
same time. 
E2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:\Admin Restaurants1Restaurants1BWG NYIMANAGER1Monthly Planning SchedulekAPRIL.doc 
EFTA00588418
--- PAGE 16 ---
As of 1/19/10 
Page 16 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Good Friday/ Easter — Friday April 14th - Sunday April 16th 2006 
SALES 
WERE SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late 
business 
What were Menu trends? 
Fri. 14 
April 
• 
Normal 
• 
Early and late 
$13,688 
Above 
normal 
374 
Sunny 60° 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Normal 
• 
Normal 
Fri. 
• 
Normal 
$48,075 
Above 
786 
Nice clear 
April 
PM 
• 
Early and late 
• 
Normal 
• 
Normal 
• 
Normal 
normal 
50° 
Sat. 
April 15 
• 
N/A 
$22,496 
Above 
normal 
661 
Nice 60° 
AM 
Sat. 
April 15 
• 
N/A 
$53,994 
Above 
normal 
868 
Nice clear 
PM 
Sun. 
April 16 
• 
no shows 2's and 4 no 
shows 1's 
$32.544 
Above 
normal 
716 
Sunny 60° 
AM 
• 
After 3 
• 
Young 
• 
Steady until 3:30 
• 
Normal 
Sun. 
• 
no shows 2's 
$33,468 
Normal 
375 
Cool 50° 
April 16 
PM 
• 
After 8:30 
• 
Young and regular 
• 
Slow after 9:30 
• 
Normal 
E2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:\Admin Restausants1Restaurants1BWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleVAPRIL.doc 
EFTA00588419
--- PAGE 17 ---
As of 1/19/10 
Page 17 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
APRIL 
Good Friday/ Easter 2006 Staff Information 
SERVERS CHANGES BUSBOY CHANGES RUNNERS CHANGES 
HOST 
CHANGES 
DAY 
MA PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
FRI 
4114 
SAT 
4/15 
SUN 
4/16 
+2 
PHONE/ 
BAR 
CHANGES COFFEE CHANGES HOL.RES CHANGES 
COAT 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
FRI 
4/14 
SAT 
4/15 
SUN 
4/16 
MGR 
CHANGES DELIVERY CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
FRI 
4/14 
SAT 
4/15 
2.5 
SUN 
4/16 
Good Friday/ Easter 2006 Notes 
Payroll: Normal- nice weather brought people out 
E2010 BR Guest LLC 
LIAAdmin Restausants1Restaurants1BWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleVAPRIL.doc 
EFTA00588420

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588421.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588421.pdf
----------------------------------------
10/2112010 
Page 1 of 15 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Schedule waiters meeting 3'd Wednesday of month at 3:00 PM.  Have all sign off. Schedule 
busboy and runners meeting 3rd Tuesday. of month at 3:00 PM. Have all sign off. 
Note: Be sure when having your meetings they are in an area clear of  quests so as not to be 
rude. 
Give quarterly food tests to all workers if none given in last 2 weeks. 
Follow through with high T.V, and CRM guests with your staff and chefs. 
Advise hostesses to call regular lunch (and possibly dinner) quests to see if they're coming in 
that day. We want to make sure we have a special table ready for them, or their regular or 
desired table/section. 
Note: Use the MEMO FIELD in Open Table to indicate these guests preferences re: 
sitting, eating, drinking, etc. 
Management 1St November — advise stereo person — for Christmas play list are due to SH by 
November 15. 
Manager and Chef Notes: 
Keep scheduling WP's through 3rd Week in December. 
Brunch: From 9/1 to 11/15 have a swing bartender come in by 12 PM-no B/S - to help 
out. 
All liquor deliveries must be ordered on Mon. for Tues. deliveries 
Review Saturday X-Mas Shopping lunch sales from last year. Be ready for Saturdays 
when you will need two hostess. 
Jan Room: As of 1St week in November, Wed-Sat, increase waiters from 6 to 7. In 
December, 7 waiters Tues-Sat, because of large parties. 
Xmas decorations go up Monday after Thanksgiving- Be ready w/ staff and decorations. 
BWG Wreath 
Call in early October to install day or 2 before Thanksgiving 
Install by John Cappelli Erectors, Inc. (718-378-0100) - for approximately ($2,000 —
total for up & down) 
Chefs VIP: 
_Cfm you have a complete set of oyster tags for display. 
_Cfm all oysters for month are in index. 
MARATHON BLURB 
"Congratulations on completing the marathon. We are so happy you chose to come to 
Atlantic Grill to celebrate. It is our pleasure to offer you a complimentary champagne, orange 
juice, or mimosa to start your celebration." 
4±,./.20I0 BR Guest LLC 
Restaurants\ Restaurants\ BWG NYNANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule\NOVEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588421
--- PAGE 2 ---
10/21/2010 
Page 2 of 15 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Sudden Warm Weather Days Schedule 
When it is suddenly 65 decrees after a Deriod of 45 decree days. 
Sunday 
AM/PM 
Monday 
AM/PM 
Tuesday 
AM/PM 
Wed 
AM/PM 
Thursday 
AM/PM 
Friday 
AM/PM 
Sat'day 
AM/PM 
Servers 
11/9 
8/9 
8/9 
9/10 
9/10 
9/10 
10/10 
* WP's 
3/3 
3/3 
3/3 
3/3 
3/3 
3/3 
3/3 
O/C 
2/2 
2/2 
2/2 
2/2 
2/2 
2/2 
2/2 
Bussers 
4.5/ 
2.5/ 
2.5/ 
2.5/ 
2.5/ 
2.5/ 
3.5/ 
WP's 
1/ 
1/ 
1/ 
1/ 
1/ 
1/ 
1/ 
Runners 
3/ 
3/ 
3/ 
3/ 
3/ 
3/ 
3/ 
WP's 
.5/ 
.5/ 
.5/ 
.5/ 
.5/ 
.5/ 
.5/ 
*WP = Weather Permitting 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Servers 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Cocktail 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Svc. Bartender 
Scheduled 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants\ Restaurants\BWG NYVAANAGERAMonthly Planning Schedule\NOVEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588422
--- PAGE 3 ---
10/21/2010 
Page 3 of 15 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Host 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Busser 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Runner 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Coffee 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Barback 
Scheduled 
@2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants\ Restaurants\BWG NYMANAGERI.Monthly Planning Schedule\NOVEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588423
--- PAGE 4 ---
10/21/2010 
Page 4 of 15 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Thanksgiving Day 2008 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Thurs. 
• 
Few 
$58,495 
Above 
1093 
Cloudy, 50 
Nov.27 
• 
None 
AM 
• 
Family 
• 
Steady 1-6 push, steady 
9-9 
• 
N/A 
Fri. 
• 
None 
$6,347 
Below 
203 
Clear, 50 
Nov.28 
• All 
AM 
• 
Families, tourists 
• 
N/A 
• 
N/A 
Fri. 
• 
Normal 
$26,078 
Below 
478 
Clear, 40 
Nov.28 
• 
Before 6:30, after 8:30 
PM 
• 
Families, tourists 
• 
Steady then empty 
• 
N/A 
Sat. 
• 
Normal 
$9,646 
Below 
297 
Clear, 50 
Nov.29 
• All 
AM 
• 
Families, tourists 
• 
Small push, 2:#0-3 
• 
N/A 
Sat. 
• 
Normal 
$34,782 
Below 
584 
Clear, 40 
Nov.29 
• 
Before 8, after 9 
PM 
• 
Families 
• 
Steady 6-9 
• 
N/A 
02010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants\ Restaurants\BWG NYMANAGERI.Monthly Planning Schedule\NOVEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588424
--- PAGE 5 ---
10/21/2010 
Page 5 of 15 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Sun. 
Nov.30 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
All 
• 
Family 
• 
Small push 1.1:30 
• 
N/A 
$8,430 
Way 
Below 
363 
Rain, 45 
Sun. 
Nov.30 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
All 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Steady then slow 
• 
N/A 
$14,308 
Below 
184 
Rain, 40 
Mon. 
Dec.1 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• All 
• 
Regular 
• 
Steady then slow 
• 
N/A 
$4,342 
Below 
146 
Clear, 45 
Mon. 
Dec.1 
PM 
• 
no show covers 
• 
All 
• 
Regular 
• 
Steady then slow 
• 
N/A 
$17,160 
Normal 
265 
Clear, 40s 
Thanksgiving Day 2008 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
11/27/08 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Shift 
11/28/08 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
PM 
WORKED 
*ANGER 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants\ Restaurants\BWG NYMANAGERIMonthly Planning Schedule\NOVEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588425
--- PAGE 6 ---
10/21/2010 
Page 6 of 15 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
11/29/08 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
12/1/08 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
11/30/08 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
-1 
- 
-1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
o 
o 
o 
o 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants\ Restaurants\BWG NYMANAGERI.Monthly Planning Schedule\NOVEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588426
--- PAGE 7 ---
10/21/2010 
Page 7 of 15 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Thanksgiving Day 2008 Notes 
Table Sizes:  Normal 4-8s few larger 
Large Party Policies:  Hold all tables w/cc 
Confirmations:  Start confirming on Monday 
Walk-ins:  Few walk-ins all accommodated 
Extra Supplies:  None 
Payroll: No cuts on Thanksgiving, early cuts Fri PM, Sun PM 
Linen Order:  Normal 
Changer Order: Normal 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat Check: Normal 
Menu Served: Pre-fix $38 Thanksgiving only 
Time Open: 1-10 on Thursday, Normal all others 
Additional Misc. Notes:  Fri AM - Normal to slow not as busy transition as prior years, all weekend 
lighter than average books with few walk-ins. Thanksgiving Day have café out of 50degree plus staff 
on calls — do not get walk-ins plot 6-12 for 2 hours, 13+-F for 2 1/2 turn times worked well 
4:2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:\Admin Restaurants\ Restaurants\ BWG NYNANAGER \ Monthly Planning Schedule\NOVEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588427
--- PAGE 8 ---
10/21/2010 
Page 8 of 15 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Thanksgiving Day 
— Thursday, Nov. 22nd, 2007 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Wed. 
Nov.21 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• All 
• 
Family, tourists 
• 
Slow — later push, watch 
cuts 
• x 
$7,870 
Below 
202 
Cloudy, 60 
Wed. 
Nov.21 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Late 
• 
Family, regular 
• 
Push after 10PM — bar 
crowd 
$28,043 
Below 
453 
Cloudy, 50 
Thurs. 
Nov.22 
AM 
• 
N!A 
• Full from 1-11 
• 
Family, regular 
• 
Long, long, long day, full 
1-11 
1# ALL DAY 
Thurs. 
Nov.22 
PM 
• 
Very little — filled w/ walk- 
ins 
• 
None 
• 
Family 
• 
Busy all day until 11PM 
• 
Prix fix 
$66,635 
Above 
1246 
Cloudy, 55 
Fri 
Nov.23 
AM 
• 1 NS 12:30 2pp 
• 
early 
• 
all 
• 
slow early/ busy late 
• 
lunch 
$11,661 
Below 
298 
Cool, low 
40s 
02010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants\ Restaurants\BWG NYMANAGERI.Monthly Planning Schedule\NOVEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588428
--- PAGE 9 ---
10/21/2010 
Page 9 of 15 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Fri 
Nov.23 
PM 
• N/A 
• All 
• 
All 
• Busy early/ slow, late 
• Dinner 
$38.113 
Below 
804 
Cold, low 
40S 
Sat. 
Nov.24 
AM 
• 18 CXL before 1:30PM 
• 
early 
• 
all 
• 
slow early/steady late 
• 
lunch 
$14, 045 
Below 
408 
Cold, low 
40s 
Sat. 
Nov.24 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Late 
• 
Family, regular 
• 
Slow start, steady 
7/10PM 
• 
N/A 
$43,298 
Below 
631 
Cold, 35-
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants\ Restaurants\BWG NIAMANAGERIMonthly Planning Schedule\NOVEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588429
--- PAGE 10 ---
10/21/2010 
Page 10 of 15 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Thanksgiving Day 2007 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatChedc 
Managers 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatChedc 
Managers 
11/21/2007 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
11125/2007 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES
-1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
o 
o 
o 
o 
11/27/2007 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
1. 
+1 
11/22/07
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
o 
o 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
11/23/07 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
02010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants\ Restaurants\BWG NYMANAGERI.Monthly Planning Schedule\NOVEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588430
--- PAGE 11 ---
10/21/2010 
Page 11 of 15 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Thanksgiving Day 2007 Notes 
Table Sizes:  Many LPs — bank tables no special set-up 
Large Party:  Hold all tables w/cc 
Confirmations:  Start confirming on Monday 
Walk-ins:  Few walk-ins all day all 7s, 4s push to cocktail 
Extra Supplies:  Break out extra supplies, glass ware, * forks* (ran out), build extra wine lists 
Payroll: No cuts 
Linen Order:  Up pairs 5;1 o 
4:20[0 BR Guest LLC 
U:\Admin Restaurants\ Restaurants\ BWG NYNANAGER \ Monthly Planning Schedule\NOVEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588431
--- PAGE 12 ---
10/21/2010 
Page 12 of 15 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Veteran's Day 2008 
Tues. 
Nov.11 
AM 
Tues. 
Nov.11 
PM 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
• 
N/A 
• 
All 
• 
Regular 
• 
Busy, long lunch. Slower 
dinner 
• 
Lunch, pre-fix 
• 
© 6:20pm 
• 
All 
• 
Regular, young 
• 
Light hit around 7:30pm 
• 
Special maki rolls 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
$7,689.40 
Above 
Average 
219 
50s, Sunny 
$20,831.11 
Below 
311 
40s/50s, 
Sunny 
02010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants\ Restaurants\BWG NYMANAGERI.Monthly Planning Schedule\NOVEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588432
--- PAGE 13 ---
10/21/2010 
Page 13 of 15 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Veterans Day 2008 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
11/11/08
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
Veterans Day 2008 Notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Table Sizes:  Table sizes were mainly 2's & 4's, typical for a Tuesday. A few 5's & 6's during dinner 
service. 
Large Party Policies: N/A 
Confirmations:  1 large non-confirmed, no show 
Walk ins: Many walk-ins were 2's, some foreigners, mostly New Yorkers 
Extra Supplies Needed: N/A 
Payroll: Lunch was busier. Today with gov't and schools off, dinner was a bit slower, cut early 
Linen Order:  Regular order 
Change Order: Banks closed, we were fine 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat Check: Yes 2 on Great 
Menu Served: Regular 
Time open: 11:30am 
Additional Misc. Notes:  N/A 
@2010 BR Guest LLC 
WAdmin Restaurants\ Restaurants\ BWG NYNANAGER \ Monthly Planning Schedule \NOVEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588433
--- PAGE 14 ---
10/21/2010 
Page 14 of 15 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Election Day 2008 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Wed. 
Nov.4 
AM 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Below 
• 
No shows 2 @a:30pm, 2 
@8pm, cancel 2 @8:30pm 
• 
N/A 
• 
Regular 
• 
N/A 
• 
N/A 
$6,808 
60s 
Wed. 
Nov.4 
PM 
• No shows 2 (0:30pm, 2 
@8pm, 1 @8:30 
• 
Anytime 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Very slow on both ends 
• 
Raw Bar 
$10,932 
Below 
60s, 
Cloudy 
@2010 BR Guest LLC 
UAAdmin RestaurantatRestaurants\BWONY1MANAGERWonthly Planning Schedule\NOVEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588434
--- PAGE 15 ---
10/21/2010 
Page 15 of 15 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
NOVEMBER 
Election Day 2008 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
11/2/08
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
Election Day 2008 Notes 
Table Sizes:  Two large parties 8&9, yes enough tables 
Large Party Policies: No problems, both parties showed 
Confirmations:  No 
Walk ins: 8PM, foreigners, 2's & 4s, Europeans 
Extra Supplies Needed: N/A 
Payroll: Slow, cut early to save labor cut 8:30PM in main, went to 9 main and jazz 
Linen Order:  N/A 
Change Order: N/A 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat Check: Organized and 1 staff 
Menu Served: prefix/lunch and dinner (same as regular) 
Time open: 11:30am, closed 1/2  hour early @ 10:30pm 
Additional Misc. Notes:  N/A 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
(tAi2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:\Admin Restaurants\ Restaurants\ BWG NYNANAGER \ Monthly Planning Schedule\NOVEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588435

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588436.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588436.pdf
----------------------------------------
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
Contents 
Manager /Chef Notes: 
General Items 
Hours of Operation 
Forecasting 
Hiring & Training  
Reservation Management 
Marketing & Promotions 
Operating Supplies, Ordering, & Cost Control  
Administration 
Beverage 
Food 
Maintenance  
Staffing & Schedules 
Holiday Notes 
Special Events 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 1 of 42 
EFTA00588436
--- PAGE 2 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
(ngliest 
Manager /Chef Notes 2011: 
General Items 
"HIRE, HIRE, HIRE. Not JOKING AROUND." — You better get to 65 servers. Your labor and scheduling is 
going to be horrible. Make the sales or make the cuts. Don't be caught short. Be ready- get 
me extra trailers all positions- waiters, bar, busboys.
— G93 Tests, and Food Safety Complete. 
— Confirm all the managers are confident of NHP, ELA's, and interviewing. 
- 
CFM all managers and chefs have their set of keys. 
— Review basics with management team. 
— Chef Reminder: As we start to get busier, be prepared to have 2 full-time raw bars set up 6-days a week -- one upstairs, 
one downstairs. In good weather 2 full kitchens set up 2 days a week. 
VIP: Managers: When the temperature is above 6SF degrees, but not warm enough to have all cafe 
doors open, only use cafe doors at 
table 3 and table 28. When the temperature is below 6SF degrees, only use the cafe 
door at table 28. VIP: When seating table 28, in this circumstance you must, advise guests that the door will be opening 
and closing. Reserve this table for walk-ins only and people young at heart. 
— During cafe season 6 managers are needed but after season (Nov) they should be able to drop down to 1 manager Jazz - 1 
swing - 1 closer for main - except Sundays when you should have 2 swings or an early closer. 
— Confirm you have a complete set of oyster tags for display. 
— Confirm all oysters for month are in index. 
— Don't be caught short. Be ready get me extra trailers all positions waiters, bar, busboys. 
- 
After Memorial Day: Be sure to cut support staff for brunch. 
— Confirm date of Bike-A-Thon (1st 2 weeks in May)- 7th Ave or other local streets may be closed; stay on top of bread 
transfer - Confirm alternate routes or early transfer 
— 
Summer stage Concerts - Get calendar of events for where big-name acts can affect business. (212-969-0769) 
— Arts & Crafts Show (1st 3 weekends of May)-- Very busy Saturday & Sun. 
— Uptown schools not so much 
— Think of great CRM idea for graduates, run it by your M> 
— Inspect café furniture and repair if needed. 
Hours of Operation 
— Open Monday 
Saturday I I : I Sam; Sunday I 0: I 5am 
— Close Sunday-Monday I 0pm; Tuesday-Thursday I I pin; Friday-Saturday I 2am 
— 
Started opening 15 minutes earlier than usual always. 
Forecasting 
— 
You will have busy weekend brunches. Sometimes all three RVC's going. 
— If you have nice weather bump your sales. Café will increase your sales by 15-20%. 
— 
You will have 80-10 hours of OT. 
Hiring & Training 
- 
ADD BWG training classes. Café, Brunch, Food, Wine, Micros. 
— Management (Food Safety, G93, Food Test) complete. 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 2 of 42 
EFTA00588437
--- PAGE 3 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
IfiDgmg% 
— Hourly (Tips, Bartender College, Wine College) complete. 
— 
Tuesday Hospitality Class, Wednesday Specialty Cocktails. 
— Confirm you had a bulk or of short and long aprons delivered, as well as skull hats and Cuban shirts for the support staff 
- 
Schedule waiters meeting 3rd Wednesday of the month at 3 pm. Have all sign off. 
- 
Schedule busboy and runner's meeting 3rd Thursday of month at 3:00PM. Have all sign off. 
Note: 
— 
Be sure when having your meetings they are in an area clear of guests 
— 
Give quarterly food tests to all workers if none given in last 2 weeks. 
- 
Schedule waiters meeting 3rd Wednesday of the month at 3 pm. Have all sign off. 
- 
Schedule busboy and runner's meeting 3rd Thursday of month at 3:00PM. 
Have all sign off. 
Note: Be sure when having your meetings they are in an area clear of guests 
— 
Give quarterly food tests to all workers if none given in last 2 weeks. 
Reservation Management 
— 
Open up all open table slots for brunch, lunch, and SUN, MON, TUES, WEDS dinners, but be very careful about the holidays 
especially Mother's Day Brunch and Dinner 
— Confirm Live Bookings is open. Watch Saturday PM livebookings, and make sure that all reservations are entered in Open 
Table. 
— 
Check WEDS PM at the FRI and SAT book, if it is not filling that push to wide open. 
— 
Advise hostess to call regular lunch (and possibly dinner) guests to see if they're coming in that day. We want to make sure 
we have a special table ready for them, or their regular or desired table/section. 
— Note: 
Use the MEMO FIELD in Open Table to indicate these guests preferences re: sitting, eating, drinking, etc. 
— When the temperature is above 6SF degrees, but not warm enough to have all cafe doors open, only use cafe doors at 
table 3 and table 28. When the temperature is below 6SF degrees, only use the cafe door at table 28. VIP: When seating 
table 28, in this circumstance you must, advise guests that the door will be opening and closing. Reserve this table for walk-
ins only and people young at heart. 
- 
Advise hostess to call regular lunch (and possibly dinner) guests to see if they're coming in that day. We want to make sure 
we have a special table ready for them, or their regular or desired table/section. 
— Note: 
- 
Use the MEMO FIELD in Open Table  to indicate these guests preferences re: sitting, eating, drinking, etc 
Marketing & Promotions 
— 
Cinco de Mayo. Mothers Day Special Prix Fix. 
— Twitter café is open! 
— Think of great CRM ideas for graduates 
Operating Supplies, Ordering, & Cost Control 
— 
Zagats voting finishes mid May. 
— Make sure your café tables are out. Make sure you have what you want outside and plan matches. 
— 
Check in with Aramark to update the par for black mats and confirm the pick-up and cleaning getting done. 
— Highchairs? Make sure not broken and you have enough, you will need at least 10 for Mothers Day 
— Confirm accurate counting of smallwares and supplies is happening. 
— Don't forget the champagne flutes and shot glasses. 
— Menus (you will need to order more if you don't have them by now) 
— 
Check presenters will need to be ordered. Always have an extra case. 
— Micros paper order will need to be bulked up. 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 3 of 42 
EFTA00588438
--- PAGE 4 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
Oguest 
— 40 bus tubs, votives, votive holders. (etc) 
— Inspect café furniture and repair if needed 
Administration 
— Update café sidework floor plan. 
— Run an employee audit and clean-up TP. You will have a lot of staff change over. 
— Double check locker assignments. New staff will need lockers. 
— Train office manager on check searches, EutVs. 
Make sure you have a training mecca of copies set up. 
— CFM all spring beverages are out of system 
— CFM all spring menu items out of system 
— Run reports with EXEC CHEF to confirm all items pulling properly. 
Beverage 
— Watch pours, spillage, and comps. 
— Lower buybacks for bartenders. 
— Monthly contest sponsored by a tequila rep. 
— Training is really important. Do pour tests and specialty cocktail tests. 
— Clean up any left over, or holiday micros buttons. 
Food 
Confirm you have a complete set of oyster tags for display. 
— Confirm all oysters for month are in index 
Maintenance 
— Weather strip all entrances. 
— Get ready for HD Inspection. 
— Check all stations, umbrellas, heatlamps and hutches for café. 
Pre-Shift 
Topics 
— 
Café Bullet Points, 
— Brunch Service, 
— Café and Pickpockets and Scams, 
— Alcohol Policy. 
Beverage 
— Roll-out summer cocktails, update feature wine list. Back to basics training. 
— Use the café 2011 folder for all café hiring, scheduling, and staffing grids. 
Staffing & Schedules 
— During cafe season 6 managers are needed but after season (Nov) they should be able to drop down to 1 manager Jazz - 1 
swing - 1 closer for main - except Sundays when you should have 2 swings or an early closer. 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 4 of 42 
EFTA00588439
--- PAGE 5 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
1:3gmq§ 
— Chef Reminder: As we start to get busier, be prepared to have 2 full-time raw bars set up 6-days a week -- one upstairs, one 
downstairs. In good weather 2 full kitchens set up 2 days a week. 
— 
Schedule server, bartender, busser and runner meeting 
— 
(TOTAL STAFF PAR: 38 server, 7 bar, 7 run, 17 bus, 3 bar back, 15 host/hotline) 
— 
Your schedules will be all hands in and all hands out. All staff coming in at same time. You will streamline come end of 
may. You do NOT want to lose out on any lost sales. 
— Adjust Bathroom Attendant schedules for weekend brunches. 
— Hire. Hire. Hire. You need to have the following on staff or in training by end of april 
— Have some hires in your back pocket. They are part-time hires. Have them keep their other jobs and work weekends for 
you to staff. 
- 
All staff café meeting. 
— Confirm a manager is responsible for watching the training. You will have a lot of adjustments if they are not scheduled and 
trained properly on clocking in and out procedures. 
- 
After Memorial Day: Be sure to cut support staff for brunch. 
Memorial Day - Monday, May 30th 2011 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXUN/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old. Young 
Describe early and late 
business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sat 
May 28 
AM 
. 
. 
All times but prime 
. 
Neighborhood, tourists 
. 
All normal 
. 
regular 
$12323.25 
below 
339 
80s 
Partly sunny 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 5 of 42 
EFTA00588440
--- PAGE 6 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
leguest 
Sat 
May 28 
PM 
• 
• 
All times but prime 
• 
Neighborhood, tourists 
• 
Early normal slow fin 
• 
regular 
$35481.20 
below 
565 
70s sunny 
Sun 
May 29 
AM 
• 
• All times but prime 
• 
Neighborhood, tourists 
• 
Slow brunch 
• 
Verbal additions 
$14231.45 
normal 
521 
80s sunny 
Sun 
May 29 
PM 
• Normal 
• 
All times but prime 
• 
Neighborhood, tourists 
• 
Early normal busy late 
• 
Verbal additions 
$31993.8 
above 
521 
80s sunny 
Mon 
May 30 
AM 
• 
o 
• 
All times but prime 
• 
Neighborhood, tourists 
• 
Lots of walk ins 
• 
Verbal additions 
$14519.8 
above 
403 
90s beautiful 
Mon 
May 30 
PM 
• 
o 
• 
All times but prime 
• 
Neighborhood, tourists 
• 
Early normal, busy late 
• 
Verbal additions 
$20140.35 
above 
317 
80s beautiful 
Tue 
Jun 31 
AM 
• 
• All times but prime 
• 
Neighborhood, tourists 
• 
Steady early, normal 
• 
Verbal additions 
$9497.2 
normal 
249 
80s sunny 
Tue 
Jun 31 
PM 
• 
o 
• 
All times but prime 
• 
Neighborhood, tourists 
• 
Primetime hit 
• 
Verbal additions 
$17291.15 
normal 
277 
80s sunny 
Memorial Day Weekend 2011 Staff Information 
DATE: 
5/28/11 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 6 of 42 
5/29/11 
EFTA00588441
--- PAGE 7 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
5/30111 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 7 of 42 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
5/31111 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
EFTA00588442
--- PAGE 8 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
gmp% 
Memorial Day 2011 Notes 
Table sizes- normal, should overbook for all times except for prime time for lunch (12:30-2pm) and 
prime time for dinner (7:30-9pm). 
Large Party Policies: same, not a lot of large parties 
Confirmation- calls made 2 days in advance 
Walk-ins: lots of tourists and foreigner walk ins especially on Sunday and Monday. Lots of regulars 
and neighborhood patrons for Monday lunch 
Extra supplies:  none 
Payroll: normal 
Linen order:  normal 
Change order: none 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat Check:  N/A 
Menu served:  Memorial Day BBQ inspired specials 
Time Open: 15 minutes earlier 
Additional Misc. Notes: Busy Sunday Dinner. Big push before closing at 9:30, not a good idea to cut 
the floor at all. 2 kitchens if possible. Check the staffing pars, very important. 
Mother's Day — Sunday, May 8th 2011 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 8 of 42 
EFTA00588443
--- PAGE 9 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
ilwsh ) guest
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late 
business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sun. 
• 
CXL 24 
$31249.55 
Above 
1212 
Sunny, 
May 8 
• 
None 
Mid 70s 
AM 
• Regular 
• 
Very busy steady all 
shift 
• Normal brunch, verbal 
additions 
Sun. 
• 
CXL 54 
$29268.10 
Above 
509 
Low 70s 
May 8 
• Later 
PM 
• Regular 
• Busy all night 
• Normal verbal additions 
DATE: 
5/8/11 
AM 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 9 of 42 
L
AM 
PM 
EFTA00588444
--- PAGE 10 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
(
gliest 
.sh 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
Mother's Day 2011 Notes 
Table sizes-LOTS OF LARGE PARITES, NEED TO PLAN A WEEK IN ADVANCE 
Large Party Policies: No change 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 10 of 42 
EFTA00588445
--- PAGE 11 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
gmq% 
Confirmation- calls made 2 days in advance 
Walk-ins: lots of tourists and foreigner walk ins but the bulk of business were regular and 
neighborhood guests. 
Extra supplies:  silverware, glassware, linen 
Payroll: normal 
Linen order:  40% add 
Change order: none 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat Check:  Should have 1 person for luggage and other belongings since the hosts were very busy 
seating and had no time checking any personal belongings 
Menu served:  Regular menus and Mothers Day prix fix dinner and verbal additions to brunch menus 
Time Open: 30 minutes earlier 
Additional Misc. Notes: Overwhelming business all day. Should have 2 kitchens for brunch and 
dinner. Extremely hard transition for the kitchen due to late brunch and early dinner reservations. No 
sunset menu, served brunch until 5pm, should have an hour break for transition, should have a 
limited menu. Had a few tables walk-out because they waited for their food for over an hour. Ran out 
of a few menu items. Needed more than 10 highchairs. Check the staffing pars, extremely important 
to be fully staffed. 
Graduation Week 2011 Notes 
Table sizes:  Have a few 5's, 6's & 10's ready for walk-ins in jazz 
Large Party Policies: N/A 
Confirmation:  Confirm all parties of 5 or more 2 days out 
Walk-ins: Don't Cut Early! As soon as normal rush ends you will get busy again! That is 2:30 until 5 
for lunch and after 9:30pm for dinner. 
Extra supplies:  extra champagne glasses, extra silverware and smallware 
Payroll: normal 
Linen order:  Increase pars 20%. 
Rain Tickets: Have them available to the servers at each hutch. 
Coat Check:  Schedule an extra host-runner and that will cover with personal belongings or umbrellas 
Menu served: Verbal additions to the regular menu 
Time Open: 15 minutes earlier-have your closers on the floor 
Additional Misc. Notes: Very busy week for lunch and dinner. Lots of large parties, treated the grads 
with a complimentary drink. Very important to check for ID with lots of young people. Lots of walk-in 
business for lunch not as much for dinner (mostly reservations). Lots of large parties of 6 and 8. 
Staffing pars should be increased by 1 for busser and runner and by 2 more for servers. 
NYU Graduation Week  — May 9th -15th 2011 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 11 of 42 
EFTA00588446
--- PAGE 12 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
eguest 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists. Regulars, Old. Young 
Describe early and late 
business 
What were Menu trends? 
Mon. 
May 9 
AM 
• 
None 
• 
Normal Monday Lunch 
$10,156.55 
Normal 
253 
Nice 60's 
Mon 
May 9 
PM 
• Normal Monday Dinner 
$18908.62 
Normal 
284 
Nice 60's 
Tues 
May 10 
AM 
• 
$10006.83 
Above 
normal 
292 
Nice 60's 
Tues 
May 10 
PM 
• Normal 
$21274.35 
Normal 
306 
Nice 60's 
Wed 
• 
May 11 
AM 
9205.55$ 
Above 
normal 
252 
High 50's 
Wed. 
May 11 
PM 
• 
Normal dinner 
$21191.8 
Above 
normal 
327 
Nice 60's 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 12 of 42 
EFTA00588447
--- PAGE 13 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
guest 
Thurs. 
May 12 
AM 
• 
$13072.14 
Above 
normal 
Normal 
318 
Nice 70's 
Thurs. 
May 12 
PM 
• 
Normal dinner 
S34256.87 
477 
Nice 70's 
Fri. 
May 13 
AM 
• 
$11896.82 
Above 
normal 
310 
Nice 70's 
Fri. 
May 13 
PM 
• 
Busy Dinner 
$35412.96 
Above 
normal 
546 
Nice 7O's 
OLD - 2010 
Schedule waiters meeting 3rd Wednesday of the month at 3 pm.  Have all sign off. 
Schedule busboy and runner's meeting 3rd Thursday of month at 3:00PM. 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 13 of 42 
EFTA00588448
--- PAGE 14 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
(
gliest 
we, 
Have all sign off. 
Note: 
• Be sure when having your meetings they are in an area clear of quests 
• Give quarterly food tests to all workers if none given in last 2 weeks. 
Advise hostess to call regular lunch (and possibly dinner) quests to see if they're coming in 
that day. We want to make sure we have a special table ready for them, or their regular or 
desired table/section. 
Note: 
•Use the MEMO FIELD in Open Table to indicate these guests preferences re: sitting, 
eating, drinking, etc. 
Manager and Chef Notes: 
Chef Reminder: As we start to get busier, be prepared to have 2 full-time raw bars set 
up 6-days a week -- one upstairs, one downstairs. In good weather 2 full kitchens  set 
up 2 days a week. 
VIP: Managers: When the temperature is above 65F degrees, but not warm enough 
to have all cafe doors open only use cafe doors at 
table 3 and table 28. When the 
temperature is below 65F degrees, only use the cafe door at table 28. VIP: When 
seating table 28, in this circumstance you must, advise guests that the door will be 
opening and closing. Reserve this table for walk-ins only and people young at heart. 
During cafe season 6 managers are needed but after season (Nov) they should be able 
to drop down to 1 manager Jazz - 1 swing - 1 closer for main - except Sundays when 
you should have 2 swings or an early closer. 
Confirm you have a complete set of oyster tags for display. 
Confirm all oysters for month are in index. 
Don't be caught short. Be ready- get me extra trailers all positions- waiters, bar, 
busboys. 
After Memorial Day: Be sure to cut support staff for brunch. 
Confirm date of Bike-A-Thon (1st 2 weeks in May)- 7th Ave or other local streets may 
be closed; stay on top of bread transfer - Confirm alternate routes or early transfer 
Summer stage Concerts - Get calendar of events for where big-name acts can affect 
business. (212-969-0769) 
Arts & Crafts Show (1st 3 weekends of May)-- Very busy Saturday & Sun. 
Uptown schools not so much 
Think of great CRM idea for graduates, run it by your M> 
Inspect café furniture and repair if needed. 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Servers 
Scheduled 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 14 of 42 
EFTA00588449
--- PAGE 15 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Cocktail 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Svc. Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Host Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Busser 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Runner 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Coffee 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 15 of 42 
EFTA00588450
--- PAGE 16 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
Barback 
Scheduled 
Memorial Day --Mendayr Agay-25th-2010 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was-there-GXLIN/Si-if-so-give 
exact-times and how many? 
Where-and-what-times-could 
you-overbook? 
Who-were-your-guests? 
Tourists, Regotarsi-Old, Young 
Describe-early-anti-tate 
business 
trends? 
Sat 
May 29 
AM 
.--0 
All times 
$11983.65 
below 
344 
70s-sunny 
• 
.—Neighborhood, tourists 
.--All normal 
6--regular 
Sat 
May 2-9 
PM 
•__0 
All times 
$35157.02 
below 
589 
70s-sunny 
• • Neighborhood-A:wrists 
• 
Early-normal-slow-fin 
- 
regular 
Sun 
May-30
AM 
• 
o 
• 
6.11- times 
•—Neighborheedr tettrists 
• 
Slow-brunch 
• 
Verbal additions 
814692.79 
below 
576 
80s sunny 
Sun 
May-30
PM 
• 
Normal 
• -All-times 
• 
Noighborhood,--tour-ists 
•—E-artrnermal-busy-tate 
• 
Verbal-additions 
$26870.26 
normal 
604 
80s-sunny 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 16 of 42 
EFTA00588451
--- PAGE 17 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
°guest 
Mon 
May 31 
AM 
--0 
•—All-times 
.—Neighberhoech-teurists 
.—Lots-of-walk-ins 
.—Special-menus/-regular 
$13785.03 
Normal 
371 
84s -beautiful 
Mon 
May-34 
PM 
.--0 
•—Allanes 
• -NeighborheodAeurists 
• 
Early-normal, busy late 
• 
Special menus 
$467-115:03 
normal 
360 
80e-beautiful 
Tue 
Jun 1 
AM 
..-0 
'—AR-times 
.--Neighborhoodrtowists 
•—Steasly-earlyr  normal 
.--VeFbal-additiens 
$8660:64 
normal 
204 
806-chewers 
Toe 
Juw_4 
PM 
•—o 
.—AN4imes 
•—t4444eMberhoodr tourists 
•--Rnmetimeaft 
.—Verbal-additions 
$22440,05 
normal 
326 
80s-chewers 
Memerial-Dav-Weekend404-0-Staff information 
DATE-4 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
Geatellesk 
Managers 
-512940 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
4-
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 17 of 42 
-54301-10 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
.1 
EFTA00588452
--- PAGE 18 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
irit)gm„ 
DA-TE4 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Hest 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
5/31110 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
a 
Table-sizes—normal
Lar-ae-Party-PotisiasNha, 
Canfirmation—satis-rsaete-2-days-in-adyanse
Walk-inf÷lets-of-teurists-ancl-foreignar--wark-iaS
Extra-supplies:  none 
Payrotk-nermal 
Linen-arder÷neria 
Change-order: none 
R.341--Tierketsf4A
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
6/1/10 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Memorial-Day-2010 Notes 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 18 of 42 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
a 
EFTA00588453
--- PAGE 19 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
guest 
Ceat-CheekNhå, 
Men 
Bay-menu-very-popular-with regular menu 
T-ime-CkeenNerrsal 
Additional-MiserNete~ 
Mother!s-Day—S-unclay,May-4-0ffi-20O9
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was-lhere-C-XLINISrif so-giue 
exaet-fteles-anci-hew-rnany-? 
Where-and-what-times-Gould 
you-over-book-7 
WM-We-yew-guests-7 
Tourists,-Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe-eafly-anct-tate 
business 
What-were-Menu-trends? 
Sun. 
May 10 
AM 
Sun. 
May 10 
•-14/A 
•—None 
•—Regutar 
.—Nennal-Ipusy-steady-all 
shift 
*—Normal brunch 
$2-t582 
Above 
887 
Sunny, 
MA-70s 
.—NIA 
..—Later 
Regular 
•-13ust early 
•--Normal 
527,028 
Above 
519 
Lew-70s;
High -60s 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 19 of 42 
EFTA00588454
--- PAGE 20 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
C AP guest
Motheris-Day-nos-Staff-information
DATE+ 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
Goateheok 
Managers 
5/10/09 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
15/8 
1/1 
-0 
-0
-6 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
4-6/7- 
4144 
-0 
-4 
-0 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Mothers-Day 2009 Notes 
Table-Sizes:-Yes-we-eaci-mestly-large-parties-4-anci-up,Haedful-ef-40-teps:461e-haSeneugh-taeles,
e 
y-PetirriesNe-preeleme-with-lacge-partiesrAll-eneersteeekreservation-peliey-en-heltetay,
Confirmations:  Had 2 day rocorvationo Thursday & Friday to confirm. All confirmod by-SPM Fridat 
Watli-ineMestly-seuples-(2-tees)-Seme-fereigaers 
aptiee-Neede41:-Grayener  eeesters-seel-high-shaire 
-olk-Steacty-threugheet,Tcy-te-limit-cteubles-as-best-aspessible 
kinen-Order-Yes-52!sr 621s-and-itrapkins 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 20 of 42 
EFTA00588455
--- PAGE 21 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
Change-tarderNo 
Rain-Ticketst-N/A 
Coat Chock:  More spaco for strollorc 
Menu-Senee
runehittlinner 
Time-Often1-030AN1 
Acklitional-Miscr NotosBooking-the-ttancl-fer-an-extra-hour-te-stay-fer-later-res,Possit
about-starting dinner-at-4RM-instead of-5pfle-peopte-seming-in-at-4pm-were-looking-for-a-more 
ROA-br-unsh-items, 
Mether2s-Day—Suadayr May-1-e-2008
SALES 
WERE 
SALE-8 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was
exact-times-and-how-many; 
Where-and-what-tiines-could 
yeu-evefboek-? 
Who-were-your-guests? 
TeuristsTRegularsi-O4-Yeung 
Describe-early-and-tate 
business 
What-were-Menu-trends? 
Sur} 
May 11 
AM 
• —341,S,-5-CXL 
• 
1030 1130 
$23,650 
Normal 
937 
Sun, 65 
•—Reguiarr  family 
• —Steady-until-6pm 
Sun:. 
May-14 
PM 
• 
it-CXL,-SNIS 
--After-Spm 
•---RegularTfamity 
• 
Steady until 8 — velo 
$31,324 
Above 
554 
Clear, 55 
after 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 21 of 42 
EFTA00588456
--- PAGE 22 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
(
)guest 
wei 
Metheris-laay-2008-Staffinfermatien 
DAT& 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Hest 
Phone 
Delivery 
GoatChec4( 
Managers 
5/11/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-0 
-0 
-0 
-0 
-0 
-0 
-0 
-0 
-o 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-44 
-0 
-0 
-0 
-0 
-0 
-0 
-0 
-0 
Mother-Is-Day-2O08-Notes 
Table-Sizes: • any LPs 
5, 6, 9 bank-tables-Re-extra-tops-needed 
Large-Pacty-Potietes4-$25-cansellation-fee-hele-all-tables-wienactit-card-(46bre) 
Conflanations:--Stact-confi-rmatiens
lay-atl-M61.64-be-clene-by-F-n-5•44 
Walk-ins -Few-walk-if
Extra-Supplies-NeededGetor--bageer  bigh-sheifreitverwarer  all-supbties-breken-oet-Sat-PM 
Payrelli-Early-PM-cuts
kinen-Order÷-Extra-52s-inerease-a14-5-1-
Chanee-Order÷Nermal 
Rain-Tickets÷-WA 
Coat Chock:  NIA 
Menu-Served:
-aeleted-speeials-RM 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 22 of 42 
EFTA00588457
--- PAGE 23 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
guest 
T-ime-OpenNermal 
Additional-Misen-Notes
ery-steady-clayaveirl-doubles-11-possibler if-not-retate-breaks
Mother2s-Day—Sundayr May-Wh-2007 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was-there-CXL/Alia-if-so-give 
exast-tnnes-and-how-inany? 
Where-antl-what-times-could 
you-overbook-7 
Wbo-were-your-guests? 
Tourists5-Regular“ntli
Young 
Describe-earty-antl-late 
business 
What-were-Menti-trentls? 
Above 
898 
SunT 
May-t3 
AM 
•-13usylots-of-famities 
antitargeparties 
.—Very-smooth 
823- -717 
Nico 60'c 
normal 
SUM- 
May 13 
AM 
•—Above-normal 
•-8usy 
•--Smooth 
$487-2-1-5 
Above 
normal 
642 
Nice-60's 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 23 of 42 
EFTA00588458
--- PAGE 24 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
inguest 
wigh 
Mother's-Day-2007-Staff4nformation 
ice€ 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
Goatareek 
Managers 
5/13/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
26-43es 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
26-43es 
Mother-Is-Day-2007-Notes 
Table-sizesL-ets-ef-lafge-parties make-stlfe-yeu-plet4hem-1-week-in-advence and again4he-night 
before 
Walk-insNet-many-fer--lareneh—mestly-reseh.Lattees 
Extra-Supplies:-Do-a-brunchsheek-off one-week-in-actvance-and-confirrn-all-is-set, 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 24 of 42 
EFTA00588459
--- PAGE 25 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
guest 
Graduation
-Week-2008 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was-tbere-af
-so-Bive 
exast-times-and-how-many-? 
Where-and-what-thnes-eould 
you-overbook? 
WhoiVere-your-guests? 
Tourists,-Regularsr eld, Young 
Describe-early-and-late 
business 
What-were-Menu-trends? 
Wed, 
May 14 
AM 
•--Normal 
Early 
$24r 529 
Above 
534 
Sun, 70 
• 
•—Family,-tourists 
.--Steady-busy-steady 
• 
N/A 
wed, 
May-14 
RM 
---Normal
•—Late 
•—Famitiesiregulars 
•—Steady 
- 
N/A 
$4101-1 
Normal 
497 
Clear. 60 
Thum 
May 15 
AM 
—Normal 
• 
Early 
$13,701 
Normal 
3-70 
Sun, 70 
•--Familiesigracluates 
•—,Steady42-3 
.-04/A 
mars 
44,105 
PM 
.—Normal 
•—Bate 
•--Famitiosigraduates 
• 
Steady 7 9 
.----IWA 
$40,791 
Normal 
567 
Gtear 60 
Fit 
May. .6 
AM 
•--Normal 
.--An 
.--Regutar 
.--Only--few-wark-ins 
$10,710
Normal 
275 
Rain, 50 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 25 of 42 
EFTA00588460
--- PAGE 26 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
e gmgg 
FFiT 
May16 
PM 
•--Normal 
After 9 
$407945 
$10.728 
Normal 
504 
Rain, 50 
• 
.—Family —Regular 
.- 
Busy 6-9 
-Sat 
may4.7 
AM 
• 
CXL 
Normal 
555 
Sunr 7-0 
Early 
• 
•- Regular family 
•—Steady-push-after-Ipm 
Sat 
May47
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
After-1440PM 
.--Family-large-parties 
• 
11 
$527646 
Normal 
758 
Clear,,-60 
Sun, 
may48 
AM 
• 
NS 4CXL 
$19,378 
Below 
Normal 
660 
Rain, 60 
•—Early 
•--Regular 
*—Slow-then-busy 
Sua: 
MaY48
PM 
Normal 
• 
After 7:30 
$30,732 
Above 
407 
Clear, 50 
Family 
• 
Bucy 4 7 
• 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 26 of 42 
EFTA00588461
--- PAGE 27 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
_ DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Brussels 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
Geaterheek 
Managers 
guest
Graduation-Weel(-2O08-Staffinformatian 
-644/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
e 
o 
e 
o 
o 
o 
e 
e 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
o 
e 
e 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 27 of 42 
-546/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
t 
o 
o 
e 
PM 
CHAN 
WORKED 
GES 
o 
a 
o 
EFTA00588462
--- PAGE 28 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
(
gliest 
with 
DATE-4 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Refiners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
-5,46108 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
e 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
a 
e 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Graduatien-Week-2008-Netes 
Talate-frizesHave-a-few-513r 613-&-1-013-ready-fer-waRec-ins4n-jaza 
kar-qe-Party-Rotieieer;-NFA—Gr-eetit-ear-ds-far-parzties-of-6-of-FFIGfG 
Confirmatiem-Genficm-all-pacties-ef-5-er-MOR3-2-clays-eut 
Wa4k-ins
n!t-C-ut-E-arly!-As-&GGR-36-ner-mal-Rish-enets-yey-Wll-get-busy-agair4 
Extra-stioelkm-GORfifFFEJazz-is-ready-te-epen-M-F-lueell 
-atI4-1=lave-enewil;-eie.13-in-all-Dept-te-be-able-te-epen-Jazz-M-F-lunth 
u nect_order÷inefeasepar.6494/0
Change-or-den-Nei:mat 
Rain-TioketsN,IA 
Coat Chock-N/A 
Menu-servedNermal 
Time-OpenNermal 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 28 of 42 
PM 
CHAN 
WORKED 
GES 
EFTA00588463
--- PAGE 29 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
legmpg
Additional-Misen-Notes408-44-not-have-as-Big-ef-an-impast-GR
onoray
and-not-as-many-€amity-member-traveling-tejn-the-Graduation ColebrationsrAlsothis yoar-€he-large 
NYU Ceremony at Wachington Square Park as normal. Look at 2007 sales not 2008 for 2009. 
NY-U-Gfeduatien-lAfeek—May-Ph-44m4007 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was-there-CXLIN/Sr if-so-give 
exest-times-and-how-rnany; 
Where and-what-times-could 
you-ovecbook.? 
Who-were-your-guests? 
Tour-istsr Regular-sr OK-Young 
Describe-early-and-late 
business 
What-were-Menu-trends? 
Mon. 
May 7 
AM 
• —None 
4.---Jazz-olosesl 
.—Nonnal-I4ontley-Ltinsh 
$9r 563 
Normal 
282 
Nice-601s 
Mon 
May-7 
PM 
•—Normal-Monclay-Dinner 
$37, 138 
Normal 
557 
Nice-601s 
Taos 
May-8 
AM 
• 
Jazz-openr busy-tuneh 
$487790 
Above 
normal 
4-7-1- 
Nice 60's 
Tuos 
-May-8 
PM 
• 
Normal 
$42, 761 
Normal 
565 
Nice 60's 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 29 of 42 
EFTA00588464
--- PAGE 30 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
Wed 
May-9 
AM 
•— 
-rte-open 
•—8-tables-total-but-worth 
opening 
$18, 180 
Above 
normal 
446 
Nice 60'c 
Wed7 
May-9 
PM 
•—Normal4inner 
$45T243 
Above 
normal 
425 
Nice 60'0 
Thum, 
May40
AM 
.—Jazz-open-for-luneki-and 
busy 
$497940 
Above 
normal 
468 
Nice-601s 
Thurs. 
May-1-0
PM 
• 
Normal dinner 
$4
Normal 
630 
Nice 60's 
Frh 
-May-14 
AM 
• —Jazz-open-and-steady 
for-tunsh 
$14, 527 
Above 
normal 
394 
Nice 60''s 
Fri: 
-May-14 
PM 
is—Busy-Dinner 
$47, 513 
Above 
normal 
708 
Nise 60's
DAT& 
Sewers 
Bar 
&isms 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Rion° 
Delivery 
CoatChesk 
Managers 
6/7-107 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
42+4-0C-
-1 
-3 
-4
-
t 
-3 
-2 
-0 
-0 
-2 
RM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
22+40C-
5/8/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
12+7 OC 
-3 
-6 
-5 
-5 
-4 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
22+4 0C-
-6 
-6 
-4 
o 
-3 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 30 of 42 
EFTA00588465
--- PAGE 31 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
(
gliest 
wde 
DA-T-& 
Servers 
Bar 
Sesser& 
Runners 
Co fee 
Host 
Rhone 
Delivery 
GoatCheek 
Managers 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
RM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
RM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
42+6-06 
-22+443C 
12'7 OC 
22+4-GC-
-2 
-3 
-2 
-3 
-6 
-5 
-2 
-2 
-2 
-3 
-4 
-3 
-4 
-2 
-2 
-0 
-0 
-0 
-0
-0 
-0 
-0 
-0 
-2 
-3 
-2 
-3 
DATE; 
6/9/07 
640407 
Servers 
Bar 
Busse% 
Runners 
Coffee 
Hest 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck
Managers 
511-1407 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
4228-0C 
-6 
-
-6 
-2 
-
-2 
-
-0
-
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
22#4 OC 
-6 
-6 
-2 
-4 
-0 
N-Y-14-Graduation-Week-20O7-Netes 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Table-friZOS4-L-GtS-ef-lar-ge-parties-have-taiges-frafrpe4-up-befere-sepAse-as-walk-kWa-will-seme-in 
telw-Greclit-oards-wer-04akefl-with-a-$25?pec-pecsen748-heur-time-line-fer-pacty-ef-6 
or more. 
Extra-sueoliesA3e-ready-te-epeniezz-all-week
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 31 of 42 
EFTA00588466
--- PAGE 32 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
guest 
Walk-iras-De-net-make-ekits 
Pavrolli-Lunsbes-were-very-busy-clinner-above-normalr liave-lots-ef-onoalisTsbesk-staffing-two 
weeks-oat-
Lineo-ordefinerease-paot -ail-week 
Menu: Normal 
Trare-open+-Ner-rnal-Hours
Additional-MisorNotesOne-mentb-in-advanse-email-special-events-te-let-them-know-it-is-MY
graduation week/ Look at NYU Graduation List. Tell Special Events to book jazz room everyday
Tuesday-te-FrielayOpen-jazz-with-Bactenderr  1-busserr l-runaerm73-serversAdral-Filefe-servers-if 
reservatioes-requirorMake-&140-restaoraat-is-rearly-fer-a-vecy-basy-weak, 
rd 
.9 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was-there-CXLMIS5-if-so-give 
exact-tirnes-antt-ttow-many? 
Where-and-what-tintes-could 
you-overbook-7 
Who-were-your-guests-7 
Touristsi-RegularsiOid,-Young 
Describe-early-and-tate 
business 
What were Menu trends? 
F-r-i7 
May-22 
AM 
•--1-9/4-1-spread-out 
.—Earty-or-late-ktneh 
.-mists 
• Early slower, watk-ins 
late-afternoon 
$12,426 
Normal 
338 
Sunny,
k4i4/14igh-80s 
Ffit 
-May-22 
PM 
s—NIA 
$32,7-25 
Normal 
584 
70c
Sat. 
May-22 
AM 
•-611-2-spreaci-out 
.--An 
.—Tourists,-regulars 
.—Early-slower,slow 
transition 
S-1-2466 
Below
377 
Sunny, 70c 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 32 of 42 
EFTA00588467
--- PAGE 33 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
guest 
•_ Normal 
Below
628 
Sat 
-May-23 
PM 
• -N/A 
S24-3.56 
7-06 
Sun. 
May44
AM 
Sun. 
May 24 
PM 
•—Eveu-tfwougheut-tfae 
.—Au 
day 
•--Teuristsr  younger 
•—L-ight-for-both 
—Brunch 
$12,380 
Below 
558 
Sunny, 
1-tumidr
h 
70a 
.—NIA 
S24.180 
Normal 
4-72 
Huniki-70s 
Mon. 
May 25 
AM 
•—NIA 
• 
Early 
• 
Tourists 
•—Blow-earlyrbusigater 
• 
Prix fix 
S16.004 
Above 
442 
Sunny 70c 
Mon. 
May-25
PM 
• 
N/A 
S20.379 
Normal 
410 
7-06 
DATE: 
SOWER* 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Memorial-Day-Weekend 2009 Staff Information 
5122109 
AM 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
5/23/09 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 33 of 42 
EFTA00588468
--- PAGE 34 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
Goatelleok 
Managers 
DATE-4 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
5/24/09 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-4 
o 
o 
o 
o 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
5/25/09 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
NIA 
N/A 
N/A 
NIA 
Memoria Day 2009 Notes 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 34 of 42 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Na
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
NIA 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
NIA 
Na
N/A 
N/A 
Na
NIA 
Na
WA 
EFTA00588469
--- PAGE 35 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
Taele-sizes—Not-many-large-parfies-at-all
karcte-laafty-PotielesNiA 
Confirmation  No prob!omc all woro contactod normal amount of no chowc and cancollatiens 
Walk-in÷Moslly-kvallteins
)tiosE-s.conly-spr-ead-out-rnestly-visitoc-frarn-out-of-town 
-•1144,Ne-were-staffesl-peffeetly 
Linen-order-Malas-geo4 
Channe-ordee-Geed 
Rain-TieketsNIA 
Coat-Check:4VA 
Menu-seniyed-PAernecial-Day-MORkl-yecy-pepwlar
Time-Ope
rnal 
Additional-Mist.-hlote 
Memorial Day 
Friclayi-May-30th-20O8 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was-there-OCUNISr if-sagive 
enet-times-ad-how-many? 
Where-and-what-times-couid 
yeu-eveFbeek? 
Whowere-your--guests-2 
Teur-is4sr  RegutaFsr  OK-Young 
Describeearly-and4ate 
business 
Mai-were-Menu-bends? 
Fc-i7 
May 23 
AM 
acme! 
•--All 
.--Tourists 
.- Slow-Busy 
$12484 
Normal 
341 
Sun. 70 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 35 of 42 
EFTA00588470
--- PAGE 36 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
lOguest 
Fri, 
143 
PM 
.--Normal 
Aftcr 8 
$4-17469 
Below 
604 
Clear, 65 
• 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Steady push slow 
Sat, 
-May-24 
AM 
CXL 17 
$13 4 a5 
Below 
44-3 
Sun: 72 
• 
ovra 
6-041
6—Tourists 
• 
Stow-smail-4prn-pusti, 
ear-W-GUIS 
Sat, 
-May 24 
PM 
CXL 2 NM 
S42.503 
Below
Below 
645 
Clear. 65 
• 
7 10 11 
638 
• 
•—Regtaarartourists 
Son• 
May-25 
AM 
• 
Normal 
.—Ail 
• 
Tourists 
..—Very-slow-larunota 
steady-a-day 
$16,252 
sti-f
act 
Suer 
MaY-25
PM 
• 
Normal 
Aftcr 8:30 
$407450 
Above 
633 
Clear, 70 
• 
•—Tourists 
• 
Very-busy-5-8:30 
Mark 
May 26 
AM 
• 
Normal 
Early 
$46726-7 
Above 
439 
Sun. BO 
• 
.—Tourists,-Family 
•—Stearty-push-3-6 
M04:17 
May-26 
PM 
•--None 
•—After--740 
s-Regular 
ausy-5-7 
$227-1-48 
Normal 
440 
Clear, 70 
Memorial-Dav-Weekend-2008-Staff Information 
DAT& 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
-6123108 
-6124408 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
.0 
-0 
-4 
-O
-4 
-0 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
AM 
PM 
-0 
-0 
-3 
-0 
-0 
-3 
-O
-6 
-6 
-0 
-6 
-6 
-0 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 36 of 42 
EFTA00588471
--- PAGE 37 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
guest
Coffee 
-0 
-2 
-0 
-0 
-2 
-0 
Hest 
-4 
-0 
-3 
-0 
a 
-0 
Phone 
-A 
-0 
-0 
-0 
Dei+very 
-0 
-0 
CoatCheck 
-0 
-0 
-0 
-0 
-0 
-0 
-0 
Managers 
-3 
-0 
-0 
-0 
DAT€: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Rhone 
Delivery 
-5428108 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+2 
+4 
+4 
5264./8 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+4 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 37 of 42 
EFTA00588472
--- PAGE 38 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
guest 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
a 
a 
a 
Memorial-Day-2408-Notes 
Table-sizes-Normal
Large-Pacty-Rotistes4-Normal-pcorredoce 
Conficmattow.-Staft-Weelas-for-weakenci 
Walk-ins: Vtostly-walk-ins 
Extra-suppitesNIA
Payroll: ea
kineworder÷-Noccaal 
Change-GM4R-N/A 
Rain- Tickets-N/A 
Coat Chock: N/A 
Menu-served:
-speciats-Sat-RWSua-RM-MerEall day 
Time-OpeoNor-coal 
Addittonal-kiltscrNotert÷F-Aday-Saturday-AliAr  Rkoi-below-norfaal-able-te-cat-staff-eady 
Sunday-RM-most-be-fully sta€fed-and-prepared-for a very-busy-night-until-83A 
guo4ayalsol-clese-jazz-keep-ovecilow-io-maih-ckaing4GOM 
Memerial-Day—Mondayr-May-29th40O6
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was-there-C,XLIN/Sr if-so-give 
exact times and how many? 
Where-and-what-times-oeuld 
you overbook? 
Who-were-year-guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe-earty-and-tate 
business 
What-were-Menu-trends? 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 38 of 42 
EFTA00588473
--- PAGE 39 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
guest 
Fri, 
May 26 
AM 
$8,951 
Below
normal 
• Above-normal 
• —Early-and4ate 
•—Touristarid-nonnal 
•—Stow 
4—L-tifIdt-anel-nonnalinenu 
225 
Warm-low 
70° 
Fri, 
-May-26 
PM 
•--Above-hormal 
•—Early-ad-late 
•—TottriSt-and-nernial 
•—,Slow 
S39.209 
Below 
normal 
678 
Warm-low 
70° 
Showers 
• 
Dinner 
Sat. 
-May 27 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• -Late 
• 
Tourist and regulars 
• 
slow start-lets-ef-walk-
ins at end 
• 
-1WICh4lOtalal 
$467646 
Above 
normal 
564 
Warm mid 
70° 
Sat, 
-May-27 
PM 
• -Normal 
• Early-anel-late 
•—Nermal-and-teurist 
• 
Steady 
• 
Normal 
S50,004 
Above 
normal 
803 
Wami-mid 
700
Stab 
May-28
AM 
• 
no shows-44 
• 
All times 
•
iouriet 
Steady 12 2 
$17,285 
-Below 
normal 
757 
-Seflay-80° 
• 
•—Normal 
Sun, 
May-28 
PM 
•—N/A 
• Late 
•—Regular--ad-tourist 
•—Slow-start-steady-7-14-
•—Normal 
544.982 
Above 
normal 
749 
-Warm-68-
70° 
Mere 
May-29 
AM 
•-4-eaneellatiens-cs 
•—After 2:30 
• 
Tourist-and-young 
• 
Steady 12
•—Normal 
6-1-87.348 
-Above 
normal 
524 
Sunni-80° 
More. 
May 29 
PM 
•-2-no-shews-fl-and-2-no 
shows-2s 
• 
All-times 
•—Ftegular-and-totaist 
• 
Steady-pew 
• 
Normal 
$277645 
Normal 
494 
Warm-70° 
Memorial-Dav-Weekenci-2006-Staffinformation 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 39 of 42 
EFTA00588474
--- PAGE 40 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
gmgg 
SERVERS-CHANGES-BUSBOY--CHANGES-RUNNERS-CHANGES—HOST--CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
Fri 
6/26 
Sat 
6427 
Sun 
5128 
Mon 
6/29 
4.8
—P-HONE/ 
DAY 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM AM PM 
RI* 
6/26 
Sat 
6127 
Sun 
5/28 
-1- 
Mon 
6129 
MGR—CHANGES-DELIVERY-CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
Fri 
5126 
-1- 
Sat 
6/27 
Son 
6/28 
Mon
5129 
-1- 
Memerial-Dav-2006-Notes 
Table-sizes—Nermal
Cenfirmatien—Ceefirmatiess-made-Thersday-a44-F-fiday 
Walk-inektValk-ins-54.-ancl-CA—eut-ef4GWAEN-6 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 40 of 42 
EFTA00588475
--- PAGE 41 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
Extra-supplies;-Extra-524 
-011+-hate-hitr ean=t-eut-fieef-eafly4R-thealvi 
hinen-order-• Extra-521s 
-•rde -rollange-eFeleFT-her-sitay 
Menu-sepied
uneh-with-litruneh-additien,s 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Sewers 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Cocktail 
Scheduled 
A 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Bartender 
Scheduled 
1- 
a 
a 
a 
a 
a 
a 
a 
MON 
TUE-WED-THU
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PPA I AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Svc. gaftermlef 
Scheduled 
MON
TUE 
WED
THU 
FRI 
SAT
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 'AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Host Scheduled 
MON
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Busses 
Scheduled 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 41 of 42 
EFTA00588476
--- PAGE 42 ---
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MAY 2011 Monthly Notes 
l'aguest 
Runner 
a 
a 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
fRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Coffee 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Barback 
Scheduled 
A 
A 
As of 6/30/2011 
Page 42 of 42 
EFTA00588477

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588478.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588478.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 2/7/2011 
Page 1 of 6 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Schedule waiters meeting 3rd Wed. of month at 3:00 PM.  Have all sign off. Schedule busser 
and runners meeting 3rd Tues. of month at 3:00 PM. Have all sign off. 
Note: Be sure when having your meetings they are in an area clear of guests so as not to be 
rude. Give quarterly food tests to all workers if none given in last 2 weeks. 
Schedule monthly host meeting 3'd Tues. of month. 
VIP topic of staff meetings are café and café notes. 
Advise hostesses to call regular lunch (and possibly dinner) quests to see if they're coming in 
that day. We want to make sure we have a special table ready for them or their regular or 
Desired table/section. 
Note: Use the MEMO FIELD in Open Table to indicate these guests' preferences re: sitting, 
eating, drinking, etc. 
Manager and Chef Notes: 
CFM you have chairs and tables clean and ready to go by March 1 for warm weekend 
days. 
Re-adjust Open Table for outside tables and reservations. Add (4) 2-tops and (4) 
4-tops. 
VIP: Advise porters/dishwashers: When the temperature drops below 35 degrees, do 
not wash the sidewalk. If sidewalk must be cleaned, spot clean where required and use 
rock salt immediately. 
Chefs: Cfm you have a complete set of oyster tags for display. 
Cfm all oysters for month are in index. 
Purchase extra parts for outside heaters (extra metal dish tops, gas hoses 
& connectors). 
Confirm café furniture is clean and not broken. Send out broken chairs to L.I.C. to fix. 
Cafe Season: 
On cooler days more attention needs to be placed on getting the café sat. If you find it 
difficult to seat the café the following are options to get the ball rolling: 
• When guests are waiting on a table inside offer to serve them coffee in the café 
(they can sit and re-lax) 
• Think smart, offer café tables to younger guests 
• Offer a young couple while the café is still empty to buy them lunchlbrunch 
Once the first table is seated other parties are more apt to sit. You'll be surprised of the 
domino effect. 
Keep hiring for café. 
Train hosts on prep for café. 
E2011 BR Guest LLC. 
LLIAchnin Restaurants1Restaurants1BWG NY1MANAGERWIonthly Planning Schedule\MARCH.doc 
EFTA00588478
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 2/7/2011 
Page 2 of 6 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Servers 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Cocktail 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Svc. Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Host 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Busser 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Runner 
Scheduled 
€2011 BR Guest LLC. 
U:I.AchnIn RestaurantsUlestaurants1BWG N'AMANAGEMMonthly Planning ScheduleIMARCH.doe 
EFTA00588479
--- PAGE 3 ---
As of 2/7/2011 
Page 3 of 6 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Coffee 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FR 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Barback 
Scheduled 
€2011 BR Guest LLC. 
U:lAdmin Restaurants1Restaurants1BWG NYUNANAGEFtWonthly Planning ScheduIMPAARCILdoe 
EFTA00588480
--- PAGE 4 ---
As of 2/7/2011 
Page 4 of 6 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Good Friday & Easter— Friday, March 21st - Sunday, March 23rd 2008 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Fri. 
Mar.21 
AM 
Fri. 
Mar.21 
PM 
• 
N/S Cvrs 
• 
Early 
• 
Tourists, Families 
• 
Steady — full — wait 
• 
N/A 
$14,443 
Above 
355 
Sun, 40 
• 
CXL, 59 N/S Cvrs 
• 
All 
• 
Regular 
• 
Steady - slow 
• 
N/A 
$40,086 
Below 
583 
Clear, 30 
Sat. 
Mar.22 
AM 
• 
CXL, 0 N/S 
• 
Early 
• 
Regular 
• 
Slow - busy 
• 
N/A 
$15,168 
Normal 
435 
Sun, 50 
Sat. 
Mar.22 
PM 
• 18 CXL, 43 WS 
• 
5.7 
• 
Regular 
• 
Busy transition steady 
night 
• 
N/A 
$44,221 
Below 
682 
Clear, 30 
Sun. 
Mar.23 
AM 
• 15 CXL 
• 
None 
• Family 
• 
Busy 1030-430 
• 
N/A 
$23,478 
Above 
831 
Sun, 45 
Sun. 
Mar.23 
PM 
• 
CXL curs 
• 
All 
. 
Families 
• 
Steady — busy — slow 
$23,652 
Normal 
369 
Clear, 35 
€2011 BR Gun LLC. 
UnAelnan RastaurantaiRestaurantatEIWG NYLMANAGEMMonthly Planning SchaduleIMARCH.doe 
EFTA00588481
--- PAGE 5 ---
As of 2/7/2011 
Page 5 of 6 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Mon. 
Mar.24 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• All 
• Regular 
• No pop — fulltime 
• 
N/A 
$6,187 
Below 
176 
Sun, 45 
Mon. 
Mar.24 
PM 
• 10 CXL cvrs 20 N/S cvrs 
• All 
• Regular 
• All early 
• 
N/A 
$20,093 
Below 
325 
Clear, 35 
Good Friday & Easter 2008 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
3/21/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
+1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
3/22/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
E2011 BR Guest LLC. 
11:1Admin Restaurants1Restaurants1SWG NYWANAGEMMonthly Planning ScheduleIMARCH.doe 
EFTA00588482
--- PAGE 6 ---
As of 2/7/2011 
Page 6 of 6 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
MARCH 
Good Friday & Easter 2008 Notes 
Table sizes: Many Lps - sun AM — no extra tables needed 
Large Party Policies: Hold all res w/ cc guarantee 
Confirmations: Start confirm W & Th for weekend b/e of long weekend for many 
Walk-ins: Many walk-ins early Fri, Sat-Sun mostly res 
Extra Supplies Needed: Easter coloring pages break out extra glassware/silver for brunch 
Payroll: Early cuts Fri, Sat, Sun PM minimal staffing Mon all day 
Linen Order: Increase napkins, 52s for café 
Change Order: Put in order for Thursday banks closed on Friday 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat Check: No issues - staff on calls based on weather 
Menu: Normal — Easter specials Sun PM 
Time open: Normal 
Additional Misc. Notes:  Fri AM: Slow start — Don't cut floor busy starting at 1PM through transistor 
Fri PM: Very slow Friday — early cuts, steady 5-9 
Sat AM: Similar to Fri: busy 1-5 w/cafe 
Sat PM: Small book — normal Friday business 
Sun AM: Very busy - DO NOT OVERBOOK- full staff all depts.. — café if weather permits 
Sun PM: mdf busy 6-8, jazz steady, early cuts 
E2011 BR Guest LLC. 
U:VAdinIn RestauranteRestaurants1BWG NY1MANAGERWIonthly Planning Schedule\MARCH.doc 
EFTA00588483

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588484.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588484.pdf
----------------------------------------
10/4/2010 
Page 1 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JUNE 
Schedule waiter's meeting  the 2nd Wednesday of month at 3 pm. Have all signs off. 
Schedule busboy and runner's meeting the 2nd Thursday of the month at 3:30 pm. 
Have all signs off. 
Note: Be sure the area is clear of guests when having the meetings. 
Give quarterly food tests to all workers if none given in last 2 weeks. 
Advise hostess to call regular lunch (and possibly dinner) quests to confirm reservations for the 
day. We want to make sure we have a special table ready for them, or their regular or desired 
table / section. 
VIP- Make sure all Staff Meetings are not during Restaurant Week 
Note: Use the "MEMO FIELD" in Open Table to indicate the guests preferences i.e. sifting, eating, 
drinking, etc. 
Manager and Chef Notes: 
Don't get caught short! Be ready - get extra trailers, all positions - waiters, bar 
busboys. 
Chef Reminder: As we start to get busier, be prepared to have 2 full-time raw bars set 
up 6-days a week -- one upstairs, one downstairs. 
VIP: Managers: When the temperature is above 65°F, but not warm enough to have all 
cafe doors open only use café doors at table 3 and table 28. When the temperature is 
below 65°F, only use the cafe door at table 28. If the temperature will be over 80°, do 
not open doors .VIP: When seating table 28, in this circumstance you must, advise 
guests that the door will be opening and closing. Reserve this table for walk-ins 
only and people young at heart. 
Chefs: Cfm you have a complete set of oyster tags for display. 
Cfm all oysters for month are in index. 
Don't give me any excuses even after you have a full crew - which 
sure you don't at 
this point. Still get 1/3 more trailers on - above what you need as a full crew - you're 
going to have old time waiters say the pressure is too much, I have a summer theater 
job, 
going to the beach - all kinds of reasons. Don't be caught short. Be ready- get 
me extra trailers all positions- waiters, bar, busboys. 
After Memorial Day: Be sure to cut staff for brunch. 
Also, in hot temperatures turn on all HVAC units as early as 9AM by pressing 3 hour 
override. This will give the system a chance to cool down the restaurant before the heat 
sets in. Starting the units any later in the morning puts too much stress on the system. 
P/A (Public Assembly) Permit inspection will check fire extinguishers and emergency 
lights as well as the Board of Health Permit inspection this month. Review procedures 
with GM and be ready! 
Summer Restaurant Week. — Tables turn faster. 
Starting 1st week in July, close Jazz room for brunch 
O 2010 B.R. Guest LLC 
U:1Admin RestaurantskRestaurants\BWG NY1MANAGER1Monlhly Planning 
ScheduleLIUNE.doc 
EFTA00588484
--- PAGE 2 ---
10/4/2010 
Page 2 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JUNE 
Be sure you have the following: 
Current tag on all Fire Extinguishers 
Current tag on Ansel System 
Current tag on Exhaust Hood Inspection 
All Exit Signs are properly displayed 
All Emergency Lights have been tested 
Wherever there are curtains located in the restaurant, you have a current 
fireproofing certificated. 
A current Carbonic Transfer tag for the CO2 containers. 
All Bulk System must be properly tagged as well. Go look and see if there are 
Inspection Stickers on the Bulk System. 
Chefs VIP: Cfm you have a complete set of oyster tags for display. 
Talk about your NYE menu. 
High School Graduation Day - (Approximately June 10TH / 11TH ). 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Servers 
Scheduled 
22 
22 16 23 16 
23 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Cocktail 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Svc. Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
@2010 B.R. Guest, LLC 
U:lAdmIn RestaurantsgtestaurantatgiNG NYMANAGER1Monthly Planning SchadulaIJUNE.doe 
EFTA00588485
--- PAGE 3 ---
10/4/2010 
Page 3 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JUNE 
Host 
Scheduled 
I 
I 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Busser 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Runner 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Coffee 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Barback 
Scheduled 
@2010 B.R. Guest. LLC 
U:Letdmin RestaurantstRestaurantsIBWG NYIMANAGER1Monthly Planning $chedule\JUNE.doc 
EFTA00588486
--- PAGE 4 ---
10/4/2010 
Page 4 of 17 
MONTHLY 
High 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JUNE 
School Graduation Day 2010 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
WED 
Was there CXUN/S, if so give 
AM 9154.7 
Below Am 
277 AM 
80s sunny, 
6.23.10 
exact times and how many? 
PM 30791.11 
Below PM 
404 PM 
humid 
AM/PM No CXL or NS 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
All times 
Who were your guests? 
Neighborhood & tourists 
Describe business 
No impact from graduation 
What were Menu trends? 
Regular menu 
THURS 
Was there CXK/N/S, if so give 
AM 8108.66 
Below AM 
233 AM 
90s hot $ 
6.24.10 
exact times and how many? 
PM 27516.33 
Above PM 
277 PM 
humid 
AM/PM No CXL or NS 
When and What times could 
you overbook? 
All times 
Who were your guests? 
Neighborhood, tourists 
Describe business. 
No impact from graduation 
What were the menu trends? 
Regular menu 
FRI 
Was there CXK/N/S, if so give 
AM 9582.76 
Below AM 
250 AM 
sunny 
6.25.10 
exact times and how many? 
PM 33558.01 
Below PM 
585 PM 
AM/PM No CXL or NS 
When and What times could 
you overbook? 
All times 
Who were your guests? 
Neighborhood, tourists 
Describe business. 
No impact from graduation 
What were the menu trends? 
Regular menu 
@2010 B.R. Guest. LLC 
U:lAdmIn RestaurantstRestaurantsIBWG NYIMANAGER1Monthly Planning $chedule\JUNE.doc 
EFTA00588487
--- PAGE 5 ---
10/4/2010 
Page 5 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JUNE 
High School 2010 Staff Information 
DA I E: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Barbacka 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Barbacka 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
6.23.10 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
6.24.10 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
@2010 B.R. Guest, LLC 
U:1AdmIn Restaurants1RestaurantstBWG NY1MANAGER1Monthly Planning $cheduleUUNE.doc 
EFTA00588488
--- PAGE 6 ---
10/4/2010 
Page 6 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JUNE 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Barbacka 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
6.25.10 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
High School Graduation 2010 
Table sizes 
above normal not due to graduations 
Large Parties Policies 
no changes 
Confirmations 
calls were made 2 days in advance 
Walk- ins 
lots of large parties 5 or more 
Extra Supplies Needed 
none 
Payroll 
Normal Staffing 
Linen Order 
slight increase 
Change Order 
N/A 
Rain Tickets 
N/A 
Coat Check 
N/A 
Menu Served 
regular menu 
Time Open 
Normal 
Additional Notes 
none 
@2010 B.R. Guest. LLC 
WAdmin RestaurantstRestaurantsIBWG NYIMANAGER1Monthly Planning $chedule\JUNE.doc 
EFTA00588489
--- PAGE 7 ---
10/4/2010 
Page 7 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JUNE 
Gay Pride Parade June 2010 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late 
business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sun 
June 27 
• 
No CXL or NS 
all times 
12,114.36 
below 
497 
90s humid 
AM 
• 
Neighborhood, tourists 
• 
Steady shift, inside tables 
• 
regular 
Sun 
June 27 
• 
busy early but slowed as 
the night went on , some 
20,004.86 
below 
352 
90s humid 
PM 
CXL, no NS 
• 
all times 
• 
neighborhood, tourists, 
foreigners 
• 
busy early 
• 
regular 
@2010 B.R. Guest, LLC 
Restaurants\Restaurants%BWG NYVAANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleLIUNE.doc 
EFTA00588490
--- PAGE 8 ---
10/4/2010 
Page 8 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JUNE 
Gay Pride Parade 2010 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
Table sizes 
Large Parties Policies 
Confirmations 
Walk- ins 
Extra Supplies Needed 
Payroll 
Linen Order 
Change Order 
Rain Tickets 
Coat Check 
Menu Served 
Time Open 
Additional Notes 
6/27/10 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Gay Pride Parade June 2010 
Normal large parties 
a few amounts of large parties 
confirmed 3 days out 
3-5 pm good amount of walk-ins 
none 
Normal Staffing 
slight increase 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
regular menu 
Normal 
none 
@2010 B.R. Guest. LLC 
u:\Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG NYIMANAGER1Monthly Planning SchedulelJUNE.doc 
EFTA00588491
--- PAGE 9 ---
10/4/2010 
Page 9 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JUNE 
Fathers Day June 2010 
@2010 B.R. Guest. LLC 
U:‘,4dinin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG NYIMANAGERIMonthly Planning SchedulelJUNE.doc 
EFTA00588492
--- PAGE 10 ---
10/4/2010 
Page 10 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JUNE 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late 
business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sun 
• 
115 CXL 30 NS 
$15182.11 
Below 
670 
90s humid 
June 20 
• 
Booked 
AM 
• 
Neighborhood, tourists 
• 
Steady inside , too hot for 
cafe 
• 
regular 
Sun 
• 
CXL 36 NS 
$23955.78 
Below 
458 
90s humid 
June 20 
• All times 
PM 
• 
Neighborhood, tourists 
• 
Busy early 
• 
regular 
@2010 B.R. Guest, LLC 
U:lAdmIn Restaurants\Restaurants%BWG NYVAANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleLJUNE.doc 
EFTA00588493
--- PAGE 11 ---
10/4/2010 
Page 11 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JUNE 
Father's Day Notes 2010 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
Table sizes 
Large Parties Policies 
Confirmations 
Walk- ins 
Extra Supplies Needed 
Payroll 
Linen Order 
Change Order 
Rain Tickets 
Coat Check 
Menu Served 
Time Open 
Additional Notes 
6/20/10 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
'I 
N/A 
N/A 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Fathers Day Notes June 20th 2010 
Normal large parties 
no changes 
confirmed 3 days out 
lots of large parties 5 or more 
none 
Normal Staffing 
slight increase 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
regular menu 
Normal 
none 
@2010 B.R. Guest, LLC 
U:lAdmIn Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NYIMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleWUNE.doc 
EFTA00588494
--- PAGE 12 ---
10/4/2010 
Page 12 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JUNE 
Father's Day  —Sunday June 15th 2008 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late 
business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sun 
June 15 
AM 
• N/A 
• Past 2PM 
• All large parties 
• 
Not many walk-ins, 
café steady 
$18,515 
Normal 
780 
80s, Humid 
Sun 
June 15 
PM 
• Done early, steady 
night, doors open 
. 
Early pop for large 
parties 
$29,169 
Slightly 
Above 
Normal 
536 
80's, 
Humid 
@2010 B.R. Guest, LLC 
U:lAdmin RestaurantstRestaurantstBWG NYNANAGERAMonthty Planning SchedulelJUNE.doc 
EFTA00588495
--- PAGE 13 ---
10/4/2010 
Page 13 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JUNE 
Father's Day Notes 2008 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
Table sizes 
Large Parties Policies 
Confirmations 
Walk- ins 
Extra Supplies Needed 
Payroll 
Linen Order 
Change Order 
Rain Tickets 
Coat Check 
Menu Served 
Time Open 
Additional Notes 
6/15/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Father s Day Notes June 15th, 2008 
Normal large parties 
Take cc for all 6 or more — not all parties 
Confirm all res 3 days 
Light walk-ins — not a lot of 2s & 4s as a normal bruch 
Check Linen 
Normal Staffing 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Brunch a la carte with High end $ specials, Dinner a la carte with printed 
specials 
Normal 
This is the last brunch in Jazz until Labor Day. We gave out a CRM spice 
rub from Wildwood = great CRM but needed to have Happy Father's Day 
on it 
@2010 B.R. Guest, LLC 
Restaurants\Restaurants%BWG NYVAANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleWUNE.doc 
EFTA00588496
--- PAGE 14 ---
10/4/2010 
Page 14 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JUNE 
Father's Day —Sunday June 17th 2007 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late 
business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sun 
June 17 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Early and late 
• All 
• Busy 
• 
Brunch 
$23, 131 
Above 
880 
Low 80's 
Sun 
June 17 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Early, late 
• 
All 
• Busy early, slow late 
• Dinner 
$$33, 922 
Above 
608 
Warm high 
70's 
@2010 B.R. Guest. LLC 
U:Letdmin RestaurantstRestaurantsIBWG NYIMANAGER1Monthly Planning $chedule\JUNE.doc 
EFTA00588497
--- PAGE 15 ---
10/4/2010 
Page 15 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JUNE 
Father's Day Notes 2007 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
6/17/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
I 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Fathers Day Notes June 17, 2007 
Table sizes 
Only a few large parties 
Walk- ins 
Walk ins early in the night 
Additional Misc. Notes 
May have helped if we had a swing busser and runner. Slowed down 
after 9pm. Average check turn times: Brunch 2 & 4 tops 67-79 minutes, 
5+ 92 minutes. Dinner 2 & 4 tops 90-99 minutes, 5+ 103-128 minutes. 
@2010 B.R. Guest, LLC 
U:lAdmIn Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG SPAMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleIJIME.doc 
EFTA00588498
--- PAGE 16 ---
10/4/2010 
Page 16 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JUNE 
Father's day  -Sunday June 18th 2006 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late 
business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sun 
• 6 no shows 4's at 2 
$19,313 
Normal 
749 
Hot 90° 
June 18 
• 
After 3:00 
AM 
• 
Old 
• 
Steady until 3 
• 
Normal 
Sun 
June 18 
• 4 no shows 2's at 8 and 6 
cancellations 2's 
$33,625 
Normal 
640 
Warm 80° 
PM 
• 
After 9:30 
• 
Regular and old 
• 
Steady until 10:15 
• 
Normal 
@2010 B.R. Guest, LLC 
Restaurants\Restaurants%BWG NYVAANAGERUtlonthly Planning ScheduleWUNE.doc 
EFTA00588499
--- PAGE 17 ---
10/4/2010 
Page 17 of 17 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JUNE 
Father's day notes 2006 Staff Information 
SERVERS CHANGES BUSBOY CHANGES RUNNERS CHANGES HOST 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
Sun 
6/18 
24 0 
0 
6 
0 
PHONE/ 
BAR CHANGES COFFEE CHANGES HOL.RES CHANGES 
COAT 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
Sun 
6/18 
3 
2 
MGR CHANGES DELIVERY CHANGES 
DAY AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
Sun 
6/18 
0 
Father's Day Notes 
Table sizes 
Normal 
Walk- ins 
Fewer than normal 
@2010 B.R. Guest, LLC 
Restaurants\Restaurants%BWG NYVAANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleWUNE.doc 
EFTA00588500

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588501.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588501.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 6116/2010 
Page 1 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Schedule waiter's meeting  the 2nd Wednesday of month at 3 prrLHave all signs off. 
Schedule busboy and runner's meeting the 2nd Thursday of the month at 3:30 pm. 
Have all signs off. 
Note: Be sure the area is clear of guests when having the meetings. 
Give quarterly food tests to all workers if none given in last 2 weeks. 
Follow through with high T.V, and CRM quests with your staff and chefs. Advise hostess to call 
regular lunch (and possibly dinner) guests to confirm reservations for the day. We want to 
make sure we have a special table ready for them, or their regular or desired table / section. 
Confirm all café tables are set up so no one gets their head hit by the door. 
Note: Use the "MEMO FIELD" in Open Table to indicate the guests preferences i.e. sitting, eating, 
drinking, etc. 
Manager and Chef Notes: 
Hire hard - Lots of vacations in August. 
Chef Reminder: As we start to get busier, be prepared to have 2 full-time raw bars set 
up 6-days a week -- one upstairs, one downstairs. 
VIP: Managers: When the temperature is above 65F degrees and the high 
temperature for the day is below 80° but not warm enough to have all cafe doors 
open only use café doors at table 3 and table 28. When the temperature is below 65F 
degrees, only use the cafe door at table 28. VIP: When seating table 28, in this 
circumstance you must, advise guests that the door will be opening and closing. 
Reserve this table for walk-ins only and people young at heart. 
Chefs: Confirm you have a complete set of oyster tags for display. 
Confirm all oysters for month are in index. 
Don't get caught short! Be ready - get me extra trailers, all positions - waiters, bar, 
busboys. 
Also, in hot temperatures, turn on all HVAC units as early as 9AM by pressing 3 hour 
override. This will give the system a chance to cool down the restaurant before the heat 
sets in. Starting the units any later in the morning puts too much stress on the system. 
Clean all café furniture and paint legs of café tables 
Men's "Market Week" -Moved to September. Call council for Fashion Design of 
America 302-1821. Be prepared to be busier. 
@2009 B.R. Guest LLC 
U:NAdmin Restaurants1Restaurants5BWG NPAMANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule\JULY.doc 
EFTA00588501
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 6/16/2010 
Page 2 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Servers 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Cocktail 
Scheduled 
I 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM MA 
PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Host 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Busser 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Runner 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Coffee 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Barback 
Scheduled 
e 2008 B.R. Guest, 1.1C 
U:1Admin ReslaurantsiRestauranisISWG NYi.PAANAGERtMonthly Planning ScneduletJULY.cloc 
EFTA00588502
--- PAGE 3 ---
As of 6/16/2010 
Page 3 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
1st Summer Restaurant Week 
Monday, July 16th - Friday, July 20th, 2008 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S. if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Mon. 
July 21 
AM 
• 
cancel, 15 no show 
• 
After 1:30pm 
• 
Regular 
• 
Steady 12-2, slow after 
2pm 
• 
N/A 
$9,893 
Above 
396 
Hot, 95 
Mon. 
July 21 
PM 
• 12 cancel, 32 no show 
• 
After 8:30pm 
• 
Tourists, new 
• 
Steady 6:30pm-9:30pm 
• 
N/A 
$34,224 
Above 
Above 
513 
Humid, 80s 
Tues. 
July 22 
AM 
• 
cancel, 27 no show 
• 
2:00pm 
• 
Regulars, business 
• 
Steady, no late 
• 
N/A 
$9,837 
287 
Humid, 80s 
Tues. 
July 22 
PM 
• 
cancel, 37 no show 
• 
5:00pm-6:00pm:late 
• 
New, mixed 
• 
No late business 
• 
N/A 
$38,089 
Above 
624 
Humid, 80s 
Wed. 
July 23 
AM 
• 
cancel, 11 no show 
• 
Late 2:00pm-3:00pm 
• 
Normal business 
• 
Steady til 4:00pm 
• 
N/A 
$12,592 
Above 
367 
Humid, 80s 
2009 B.R. Guest, LLC 
U:%Admin ReslaurantsiRestauranisISWG NYi.PAANAGERtMonthly Planning ScneduletJULY.doc 
EFTA00588503
--- PAGE 4 ---
As of 6116/2010 
Page 4 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Wed. 
July 23 
PM 
• 10 cancel, 87 no show 
• 
5:00pm-6:00pm 
• 
New , young 
• 
Solid early and late 
• 
N/A 
$38,666 
Normal 
683 
80s, Nice 
Thurs. 
July 24 
AM 
• 10 cancel, 16 no show 
• 
2:00pm-3:00pm 
• 
Normal business; old 
• 
Normal; no late 
• 
N/A 
$10,937 
Normal 
326 
80s 
Thurs. 
July 24 
PM 
• 
cancel, 92 no show 
• Late 
• 
New, mixed 
• 
Steady all day and night 
• 
N/A 
$44,905 
Above 
725 
80s 
Fri. 
July 25 
AM 
• 
N/A 
• 
None, all walk-ins; 
maybe early 
• 
New guests, young 
• 
Steady, hit at 3:00pm 
• 
N/A 
$15,194 
Above 
412 
80s, Nice 
Fri. 
July 25 
PM 
• 19 cancel, 119 no show 
• Early 
• 
New, mixed 
• 
Great late business, slow 
early 
• 
N/A 
$46,762 
Normal 
846 
80s, Nice 
@ 2009 B.R. Guest. LLC 
U:lAdmin RestaurantsUtestaurentsIBWG NYVAANAGERIMonthly Planning SchedUl•UULY.doc 
EFTA00588504
--- PAGE 5 ---
As of 6116/2010 
Page 5 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
1st Summer Restaurant Week 2008 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
7/21/08 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
+1 
+1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
7/22/08 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
@ 2009 B.R. Guest. LLC 
U:lAdmin RestaurantsUtestaurentsIBWG NYVAANAGERIMonthly Planning SchecluleUULY.doc 
EFTA00588505
--- PAGE 6 ---
As of 6/16/2010 
Page 6 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
/23/08 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
I 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
7124./08 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Zs> 2009 B.R. Guest. LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants)Restaurants‘BWG NYNANAGERtlitonthly Planning ScheclutelJULY.doc 
EFTA00588506
--- PAGE 7 ---
As of 6116/2010 
Page 7 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
7/25/08
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
1st Summer Restaurant Week 2008 Notes 
Large party:N/A 
Confirmations 
Table sizes 
Payroll: 7:00pm-10:00pm everyday 
Linen Order: Extra 52's; extra napkins 
Change Order: Good 
Rain Tickets: Yes 
Menu served: N/A 
Additional Misc. Notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
@ 2009 B.R. Guest LLC 
U:lAdmin Restaurants‘RestaurentsU3WG NYVAANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleUULY.doc 
EFTA00588507
--- PAGE 8 ---
As of 6/16/2010 
Page 8 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
1st Summer Restaurant Week 
Monday, July 16th - Friday, July 20th, 2007 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXUN/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists. Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Mon. 
July 16 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Early and late 
• 
Regulars and new 
• 
Steady 1-3 
• 
RW 
$10, 678 
$249 RW 
Normal 
284 
Sunny 80's 
Mon. 
July 16 
PM 
• 
None 
• 
Late 
. 
New and young 
• 
Busy 6:30-8 
• 
RW 
$35, 342 
Normal 
469 
Sunny 80's 
Tues. 
July 17 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Late 
• 
New 
• 
Steady 11-3 
• 
RW 
$11, 483 
Normal 
347 
Sunny 80 
Tues. 
July 17 
PM 
• 
None 
• 
Late 
• 
New young 
• 
Busy 6:30.9 
• 
RW 
$38, 658 
$141 RW 
Slightly 
above 
622 
Sunny 80's 
Wed. 
July 18 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
All 
• 
Regular 
• 
Rainy 
$8, 547 
$104 RW 
Below 
251 
Rainy 
(Ze 2009 B.R. Guest. LLc 
U:1Adrnin RestaurantstRestaurantsIBWG NYtIAANAGERilitonthly Planning ScneduletJULY.doe 
EFTA00588508
--- PAGE 9 ---
As of 6116/2010 
Page 9 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Wed. 
July 18 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Late 
• 
New younger crowd 
• 
Early push, early finish 
$34, 050 
$180 RW 
Average 
557 
Rain then 
clear 
Thurs. 
July 19 
AM
• Normal 
• Late 
• All 
• 
Steady 
• Lunch RW 
$11, 839 
Above 
340 
Sunny I, 
late rain 
Thurs. 
July 19 
PM 
• Normal 
• Late 
• All busy early, slow after 
• Dinner! RW 
$42, 605 
Above 
699 
Warm 80's 
Fri. 
July 20 
AM 
• Normal 
• Early and late 
• All 
• 
Steady, busy 
• Lunch, RW 
415,567 
Above 
437 
Nice 80's 
Fri. 
July 20 
PM 
• Normal 
• Late 
• All 
• Busy early, good late 
night 
• Dinner, RW 
$47, 278 
Above 
846 
Nice 
1st Summer Restaurant Week 2007 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
7116/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
7/17/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
2009 B.R. Guest, tic 
U:lAdmin Reataurantelltestaurants1BWG NYVAANAGERIMonthly Planning SchecluleUULY.doc 
EFTA00588509
--- PAGE 10 ---
As of 6116/2010 
Page 10 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
DATE: 
7/18/07 
AM 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
7/19/07 
AM 
WORKED 
PM 
CHANGES 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
DATE: 
7/20/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
Large party 
Confirmations 
Table sizes 
Payroll 
Menu served 
Additional Misc. Notes 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
1st Summer Restaurant Week 2007 Notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Normal 
Same confirmation 48 hours in advance. 
All normal lots of large parties all week. 
Cuts early in evening and late afternoon. 
Lunch only. 
Monday steady 11:30-2:30 early cuts. Tuesday rain lulled business. 
Wednesday to Friday busy lunches and dinner Watch lunch cuts late walk-
ins between 2 and 3. 
2009 B.R. Guest. LLC 
U:lAdmin RestaurantsUtestaurentsIBWG NYVAANAGERIMonthly Planning SchecluleUULY.doc 
EFTA00588510
--- PAGE 11 ---
As of 6/16/2010 
Page 11 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
2nd Summer Restaurant Week 
Monday, July 23rd — Friday, July 27th, 2007 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Mon. 
July 23 
AM 
• 
None 
• 
All day 
• 
All 
• 
Slow 
• 
RW 
$5, 064 
Below 
153 
Rainy all 
day 
Mon. 
July 23 
PM 
• 
Many of both due to rain 
• 
Early and late 
• 
All 
• 
Slow 
• 
RW and raw bar 
$25, 882 
Below 
440 
Rainy cool 
Tues. 
July 24 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Early/ late 
• 
All 
• 
Steady 
• 
RW 
$13, 107 
Above 
353 
80's 
Tues. 
July 24 
PM 
• Normal 
• Late 
• 
All 
• 
Busy all night 
• 
RW 
$44, 836 
Above 
681 
Sunny low 
80's 
Wed. 
July 25 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Late 
• 
New, families 
• 
Busy 12-2 
• 
RW 
$14, 723 
Above 
normal 
371 
Sunny 80 
@ 2009 B.R. Guest LLC 
U:%Admin ReslaurantsiRestauranisISWG NYi.PAANAGERtMonthly Planning ScneduletJULY.cloc 
EFTA00588511
--- PAGE 12 ---
As of 6116/2010 
Page 12 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Wed. 
July 25 
PM 
• All late 
• 
After 10 
• Regulars and young 
• 
Steady 6-10 
• 
RW 30% 
$42, 331 
Above 
722 
Clear 70's 
Thurs. 
July 26 
AM 
• Early 
• Early and late 
• All 
• 
Steady 
• 
RW and lunch 
$11, 538 
Above 
334 
Hot mid 
80's 
Thurs. 
July 26 
PM 
• 
None 
• Early and late 
• All 
• Rush 
• 
RW Dinner 
$42, 342 
Above 
725 
Low 80's 
Fri. 
July 27 
AM 
• Early late 
• Early and late 
• All 
• 
Steady 
• 
RW Lunch 
$14, 919 
Above 
408 
Humid 80's 
Fri. 
July 27 
PM 
• Early 
S46, 751 
• Late 
• All 
• 
Steady 
• 
RW 28% Dinner 
Above 
751 
Humid 
warm 80's 
2nd Summer Restaurant Week 2007 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
7/23/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
I 
I 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
7/24/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
I 
I 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
@ 2009 B.R. Guest LLC 
U:1Admin ReslaurantsiRestauranisIBWG NYi.PAANAGERtMonthly Planning ScneduletJULY.cloc 
EFTA00588512
--- PAGE 13 ---
As of 6116/2010 
Page 13 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
DATE: 
7125/07 
AM 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
7/27/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
7/26/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
2nd Summer Restaurant Week 2007 Notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Table sizes 
Normal large tables here and there. 
Confirmation 
Good to have second phone host between 1 and 4pm. We borrowed this 
year. 
Walk ins 
After2:30 lunch after 9:30 dinner 
Payroll 
Full staff AM/PM late cuts in the PM. Had extra busser and runner each 
shift. 
Additional Misc. Notes 
Beverage- Increased prices on suggested RW wines from last Rweek. 
Still blew through these wines including a white at 1491/ 47641. Also sold 
so much that we ran into issues keeping product in house. Consider for 
next RW having pricier RW wine. Definitely below $50 but perhaps wine 
above $40. SJ 
@ 2009 B.R. Guest LLC 
U:lAdmin Reataurantelltestaurants1BWG NYVAANAGERIMonthly Planning SchecluleUULY.doc 
EFTA00588513
--- PAGE 14 ---
As of 6/16/2010 
Page 14 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
1st Summer Restaurant Week 
Monday, July 10th - Friday, July 14th, 2006 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists. Regulars, Old. Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Mon. 
• 4 cancellations 2's 
$9,821 
Above 
239 
LOW 80° 
July 10 
• After 1:30 
normal 
Warm 
AM 
• Regular and young 
• 
Steady until 2:30 
• Pre fixe menu 
Mon. 
July 10 
• 
no shows 4's 
• 
After 9 
$32.335 
Below 
normal 
506 
High 60° 
PM 
• 
Regular 
• 
Slow after 10:30 
• 
Normal 
Tues. 
• 
no shows 1- -4 
$12,815 
Above 
352 
Warm 80-
July 11 
cancellations 2's 
normal 
90° 
AM 
• 
After 2 
• 
Regular and young 
• 
Steady until 3 
• Pre fix menu 
Tues. 
• 10 no shows 3's and 4's 
$35,166 
Below 
520 
Cloudy 
July 11 
• After 9:30 
normal 
80° 
PM 
• Regular 
• 
Slow after 10 
• 
Normal 
Wed. 
• 
no shows 4's and 2 
July 12 
cancellations 
$12,177 
Above 
normal 
336 
Sunny 80° 
AM 
• 
After 2:30 
• 
Regular, old and young 
• 
Busy early through 3pm 
• 
Pre fixe menu 
if0 2009 B.R. Guest. LLC 
U:%Admin RestaurantsiRestaurantsIBWG NYi.PAANAGERtMonthly Planning ScneduletJULY.doc 
EFTA00588514
--- PAGE 15 ---
As of 6116/2010 
Page 15 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Wed. 
July 12 
PM 
• 
no shows 2's and 2 
cancellations 2's 
• 
After 1 
• Regular 
• 
Steady 6 through 10:30 
• Normal 
$41,846 
Above 
normal 
619 
Warm low 
80° 
Thurs. 
• 
cancellations 2's 
$15,038 
Above 
401 
Rain sun 
July 13 
• 
After 3 
normal 
80° 
AM 
• 
Young and old 
• Busy early and late 
• Pre fixe menu 
Thurs. 
• 4 cancellations and 7 no 
$48,248 
Above 
802 
Warm 70-
July 13 
shows 2's 
normal 
80° 
PM 
• 
After 10 
• Regular 
• 
Steady until 11 
• Normal 
Fri. 
July 14 
• 
no shows 2's 
• 
After 1:30 
$12,831 
Below 
normal 
392 
Rainy 80° 
AM 
• Regular and young 
• 
Slow start and slow after 
• Pre fixe menu 
Fri. 
July 14 
• 6 no shows 2's 
• 
After 10:30 
$45,876 
Above 
normal 
801 
Warm 80° 
PM 
• Regular and young 
• 
Slow early 
• Normal 
1st Summer Restaurant Week 2006 Staff Information 
SERVERS 
CHANGES BUSBOY CHANGES RUNNERS CHANGES 
HOST 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM AM PM 
MON 
7110 
TUE 
7/11 
WED 
7/22 
THU 
7113 
FRI 
7/14 
2008 B.R. Guest, tic 
U:lAdmin Reataurantelltestaurants1BWG NYVAANAGERIMonthly Planning SchecluleUULY.doc 
EFTA00588515
--- PAGE 16 ---
As of 6/16/2010 
Page 16 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
BAR 
CHANGES COFFEE 
PHONE/ 
CHANGES HOL.RES 
CHANGES 
COAT 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
MON 
7/10 
TUE 
7/11 
WED 
7112 
THU 
7/13 
FRI 
7/14 
MGR 
CHANGES DELIVERY CHANGES 
DAY 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM 
MON 
7/10 
TUE 
7/11 
WED 
7/12 
THU 
7/13 
FRI 
7/14 
PM 
1st Summer Restaurant Week 2006 Notes 
Large party 
Slightly fewer 
Payroll 
Longer lunch — cut later (2:30-3) 
Menu served 
Lunch only 
aS 2009 B.R. Guest. LLC 
U:1Adrnin RestaurantstRestaurants113WG NYtIAANAGERilitonthly Planning ScneduleLIULY.doe 
EFTA00588516
--- PAGE 17 ---
As of 6/16/2010 
Page 17 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
2nd Summer Restaurant Week 
Monday, July 17th — Friday, July 21st, 2006 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S. if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Mon. 
July 17 
AM 
• 
N/A 
• 
All times 
• 
Regular 
• 
Slow after 2 
• 
Pre fixe menu 
$7,326 
Below 
normal 
219 
Hot 90° 
Mon. 
July17 
PM 
• 4 no shows 2's 
• 
After 9 
• 
Regular 
• 
Slow after 10:30 
• 
Normal 
$32,796 
Above 
normal 
507 
275 
Hot 90° 
Tues. 
July 18 
AM 
• 
cancellations 2's and 2 
no shows 4's 
• 
After 1:30 
• 
Regular and young 
• 
Steady until 2:30 
• 
Pre fixe menu 
$8,752 
S39.427 
Below 
normal 
Above 
normal 
Hot 90° 
Tues. 
July 18 
PM 
• 
cancellations 2's and 1 
cancellation 6's 
• 
After 9:30 
• 
Regular 
• Steady until 10 
• Normal 
524 
High 90° 
Wed. 
July 19 
AM 
• 
cancellations 2's and 4 
S11,261 
no shows 2's 
• 
After 2:30 
• 
Regular and old 
• 
Steady until 3 
• 
Pre fix 
Above 
normal 
322 
Warm 80-
90° 
, 2009 B.R. Guest. LLC 
U:1Admin RestaurantsiRestaurantsIBWG NYi.PAANAGERtMonthly Planning ScneduletJULY.doc 
EFTA00588517
--- PAGE 18 ---
As of 6/16/2010 
Page 18 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Wed. 
July 19 
PM 
• 
cancellations 4's 
• 
After 9:30 
• 
Regular and young 
• 
Busy later 
• Normal 
S40.366 
Below 
normal 
621 
Warm 80° 
Thurs. 
July 20 
AM 
• 
cancellations 2's and 2 
no shows 4's 
• 
After 2:30/2:45 
• 
Regular, old and young 
• 
Steady 11:45-3 
• 
Normal 
$11,575 
Above 
normal 
338 
Partly 
cloudy 80° 
Thurs. 
July 20 
PM 
• 
cancellations 4's, 6 no 
shows 4's 
• 
After 10 
• Regular 
• 
Slow late 
• Normal 
$39,585 
Below 
normal 
652 
70° 
Fri. 
July 21 
AM 
• 
cancellations 2's 
• 
After 2:30 
• 
Regular and young 
• 
Started late then fizzled 
• 
RW 
$12,203.23 
Average 
321 
Warm and 
humid 80° 
Fri. 
July 21 
PM 
• No 
• All times 
• 
Tourist 
• 
Quiet 
• 
Normal 
$40,317.87 
Average 
770 
Heavy rain 
early —
warm 80° 
Late 
2nd Summer Restaurant Week 2006 Staff Information 
SERVERS 
CHANGES BUSBOY CHANGES RUNNERS CHANGES 
HOST 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
MA 
PM MA 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
MON 
7/17 
TUE 
7/18 
WED 
7/19 
THU 
6/20 
FRI 
7/21 
I 
I 
@ 2009 B.R. Guest, LIC 
U:1Admin Reslaurants)RestauranislEIWG NY+.1AANAGERtlifonthly Planning ScheduletJULY.doc 
EFTA00588518
--- PAGE 19 ---
As of 6/16/2010 
Page 19 of 30 
BAR 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
PHONE/ 
CHANGES COFFEE CHANGES HOL.RES CHANGES 
COAT 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
MON 
7/17 
TUE 
7/18 
WED 
7/19 
THU 
7/20 
FRI 
7/21 
MGR 
CHANGES DELIVERY CHANGES 
DAY 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM 
PM 
MON 
7/17 
TUE 
7/18 
WED 
7/19 
THU 
7/20 
FRI 
7/21 
2nd Summer Restaurant Week 2006 Notes 
Payroll 
Cut later at lunch 2:30 
Linen order 
More 52's 
(it 2009 B.R. Guest. LLC 
U:tAdmin RestaurantstRestaurants113WG NYtIAANAGERilitonthly Planning ScneduletJULY.doe 
EFTA00588519
--- PAGE 20 ---
As of 6/16/2010 
Page 20 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
July 4th Weekend 2009 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Fri. 
July 4 
AM 
• 
Fri. 
July 4 
PM 
• 
Sat. 
July 5 
AM 
• 
Sat. 
July 5 
PM 
• 
Sun. 
July 6 
AM 
• 
Sun. 
July 6 
PM 
• 
@ 2009 B.R. Guest LLC 
U:1Admin ReslaurantsiRestauranisISWG NYi.PAANAGERtMonthly Planning ScneduletJULY.cloc 
EFTA00588520
--- PAGE 21 ---
As of 6/16/2010 
Page 21 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
July 411, Weekend 2009 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Table Sizes: 
Large Party Policies: 
Confirmations: 
Walk-ins: 
Extra supplies needed: 
Payroll: 
Linen Order: 
Change Order: 
Rain Tickets: 
Coat Check: 
Menu served: 
Time Open: 
Additional notes: 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
July 4th Weekend 2009 Notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
'et. 2009 B.R. Guest. LLC 
U:1Admin RestaurantsBRestaurantsIBWG Nr.PAANAGERilitonthly Planning ScnedutelJULY.cloc 
EFTA00588521
--- PAGE 22 ---
As of 6/16/2010 
Page 22 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
July 4th Weekend 2008 
SALES 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Fri. 
July 4 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
All 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Small push 1pm — steady 
walk-ins early cuts 
• N/A 
$8,019 
Below 
245 
Clouds, 80 
Fri. 
July 4 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
All 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Push 5-7:30 slow after 
• 
n/a 
$24,666 
Below 
417 
Rain/ 
Clouds, 80 
Sat. 
July 5 
AM 
• 
WS Covers 
• 
All 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Very steady/ walk-ins 
early cuts 
• 
N/A 
$11,357 
Below 
251 
Clouds, 80 
Sat. 
July 5 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
After 9PM 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Busy 6-8:30 
$39,899 
Below 
616 
Clouds, 75 
• 
N/A 
@ 2009 B.R. Guest LLC 
U:%Admin ReslaurantsiRestauranisIBWG NYi.PAANAGERtleonthly Planning ScneduleLIULY.doe 
EFTA00588522
--- PAGE 23 ---
As of 6116/2010 
Page 23 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Sun. 
July 6 
AM 
• 
CXLJ 6 N/S 
• All 
• 
Tourists/families 
• 
Steady to slow 
• 
N/A 
$10,539 
Below 
435 
Clouds, 80 
Sun. 
July 6 
PM 
• 6 CXIJ 4 N/S 
• All 
• Family 
• 
Slow 
• 
N/A 
$18,802 
Below 
323 
Clouds, 80 
July 4th Weekend 2007 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
DATE: 
7/4/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
-1 
-1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
-1 
-1 
7/6/08 
7/5/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Servers 
-1 
Bar 
0)2009 B.R. Guest, LLC 
U:%Admin ReslaurantsiRestauranisIBWG NYi.PAANAGERtMonthly Planning ScneduletJULY.cloc 
EFTA00588523
--- PAGE 24 ---
As of 6116/2010 
Page 24 of 30 
MONTHLY 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
-1 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
Ju y 4th Weekend 2008 Notes 
Table Sizes 
Large Party Policies 
Confirmations 
Walk-ins 
Extra supplies needed 
Payroll 
Linen Order 
Change Orde: 
Rain Tickets 
Coat Check 
Menu served 
Time Open 
Additional notes 
N/A 
Normal 
Start calls Thursday for weekend 
Normal 
N/A 
Cut all of bare minimum staff all weekend —late in times for AM and PM 
Cut linen 5:1 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Normal/Special BBQ menu all weekend 
Normal — close 11:30 n 4th 
Early cuts all weekend. Sun PM watch covers — could possibly close jazz 
(16 covers booked) make decision 2 wks out to cancel band 
@ 2009 B.R. Guest. LLC 
U:lAdmin RestaurantsUtestaurentsIBWG NYVAANAGERIMonthly Planning SchecluleUULY.doc 
EFTA00588524
--- PAGE 25 ---
As of 6/16/2010 
Page 25 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
July 4th Weekend 
Monday, July 2 nd — Wednesday, July 4th, 2007 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Mon. 
July 2nd 
AM 
• 1 cancellation of 4 covers 
• 
After 2 
• 
Tourists, regulars 
• 
Normal lunch pop 
$10, 086 
Normal 
592 
Sunny 70 
Mon. 
July 2nd 
PM 
• 
in Jazz room, lots of 
cancellations 
• 
Early/ late 
• 
Normal 
• 
Slow start, normal, slow 
late 
• 
Normal 
$28, 328 
Below 
465 
Clear 60's 
Tues. 
July 3rd 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Early and late 
• 
All 
• 
Steady after 8pm 
• 
Dinner 
$34, 333 
Normal 
573 
Clear 60's 
Tues. 
July 3rd 
PM 
• None 
• 
All 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Slow start busy from 
1:30-2:30 
$12, 357 
Normal 
312 
Sunny 70's 
Wed. 
July 4th 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Early 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Slow start busy from 2-
6pm 
$15,233 
Above 
420 
Cloudy 
70's 
, 2009 B.R. Guest. LLC 
U:1Admin RestaurantsiRestaurantsIBWG NYi.PAANAGERtMonthly Planning ScneduletJULY.cloc 
EFTA00588525
--- PAGE 26 ---
As of 6116/2010 
Page 26 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Wed. 
July 4th 
PM 
• 
cancellations, 4 no 
shows 
• 
Late 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Slow 8-close 
$22, 172 
Below 
422 
Rainy 70's 
Thurs 
July 5th 
AM 
• 
cancellations, 2 no 
shows 
• All 
• 
Tourists, neighbors 
• 
Slow all day 
$7,000 
Below 
202 
Overcast 
warm 70 
Thurs 
July 5th 
PM 
• 
None 
• Early and late 
• 
Normal 
• Dinner menu 
$24, 658 
Below 
447 
Warm high 
70s 
July 4th Weekend 2007 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
7/2/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
7/3/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
2009 B.R. Guest LLB 
U:1Admin ReslaurantsiRestauranisIBWG NYi.PAANAGERtMonthly Planning ScneduletJULY.cloc 
EFTA00588526
--- PAGE 27 ---
As of 6116/2010 
Page 27 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
7/4/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Confirmations 
Payroll 
Menu served 
Additional notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
7/5/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
-1 
-1 
-1 
July 4th Weekend 2007 Notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
-1 
-1 
Confirm Monday and Tuesday for whole week many take long weekends. 
Early cuts in PM- late hits at lunch every day between 2 and 2:30pm. 
Lunch and dinner 
Jazz room was very slow. Started with 6 went down to 4 servers by 8pm. Only 
50%of reservations in Jazz showed between 8 and 9pm. Night before was very 
steady until 11pm, main floor and jazz room went with 5 servers between 7:30 
and 10:30. Nice push, all were busy. Everyone was out by 12. Saturday lunch 
after July 4thnot normal, had a slow start but a major pop after 2pm-3:15. Do not 
cut too soon. All lunches- watch cuts, hits after 2pm. Brunch was very slow no 
hit during transition. Sunday PM steady no wait and empty after8:30. Monday 
morning was steady 2-4, lots of walk-ins for dinner, staff normal. 
@ 2009 B.R. Guest. LLC 
U:lAdmin Reataurantelltestaurants1BWG NYVAANAGERIMonthly Planning SchecluleUULY.doc 
EFTA00588527
--- PAGE 28 ---
As of 6116/2010 
Page 28 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
July 4th Weekend 
Sunday, July 2nd — Wednesday, July 5th, 2006 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/NIS, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sun. 
• 1 at 11 and 1 at 12 
$12,022 
Below 
534 
A little 
July 2nd 
AM 
• 
All day long 
• 
Tourist 
• Slow 
normal 
humid —
partly 
sunny 90° 
• Brunch 
Sun. 
July 2nd 
• 1 at 6 and 2 at 7:30 
• All night long 
$30,950 
Normal 
628 
Some rain 
humid 80° 
PM 
• 
Tourist 
• 
Slow early — some late 
business 
• 
None 
Mon. 
• 
None 
$11,960 
Normal 
357 
Humid high 
July 3rd 
• 
All times 
80° 
AM 
• 
Tourist/ young 
• 
Slow start — steady 2-5 
• 
Normal 
Mon. 
• Early/ late 
$37,452 
Way 
691 
Humid high 
July 3rd 
PM 
• 
Early/ late 
• All 
above 
normal 
80° 
• Busy 
• Dinner menu 
Tues. 
• 
None 
$12,230 
Above 
328 
Humid high 
July 4th 
• All times 
normal 
80° 
AM 
• 
Tourist/young 
• 
Slow start —steady 1-4:30 
• Normal 
@ 2009 B.R. Guest LLC 
U:lAdmin RestauranbaRestaurents1SWG NYVAANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleUULY.doc 
EFTA00588528
--- PAGE 29 ---
As of 6/16/2010 
Page 29 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
Tues. 
July 4"1
PM 
• 
None 
• 
All times 
• 
Tourist/ young 
• 
Slow early small hit lat 
• 
Normal 
• 
None 
• Early and late 
• 
Normal and tourist 
• 
Slow 
• 
Lunch 
• 
no shows 4's 
• 
all times 
• 
regular/ tourist 
• 
slow early and late 
• 
normal 
Wed 
July 5th 
AM 
Wed 
July 5th 
PM 
S19.306 
Below 
normal 
372 
Warm 
humid 70° 
e 
$6,044 
Below 
normal 
166 
Warm 
humid 90° 
$21.711 
Below 
normal 
394 
Humid 80° 
July 4th Weekend 2006 Staff Information 
SERVERS CHANGES BUSBOY CHANGES RUNNERS CHANGES 
HOST 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
SUN 
7/2 
MON 
7/3 
TUES 
7/4 
WED 
7/5 
PHONE! 
BAR 
CHANGES COFFEE CHANGES HOL.RES CHANGES 
COAT 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
SUN 
7/2 
-1 
MON 
7/3 
TUES 
7/4 
WED 
7/5 
MGR 
CHANGES DELIVERY CHANGES 
DAY 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM 
PM 
SUN 
7/2 
MON 
7/3 
TUE 
7/4 
WED 
7/5 
2t09 B.R. Guest, tic 
U:%Admin ReslaurantsiRestauranisISWG NYi.PAANAGERtMonthly Planning ScneduletJULY.cloc 
EFTA00588529
--- PAGE 30 ---
As of 6/16/2010 
Page 30 of 30 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JULY 
July 4th Weekend 2006 Notes 
Walk-in 
Payroll 
Change order 
Menu served 
Additional notes 
Mostly out of town walk-ins 
Later start, try to minimize doubles 
Extra change 
Specials 
4"' of July fell on Tuesday, Sunday city was completely empty besides Sunday 
night got latish hit: don't cut too early. 
ab 2009 B.R. Guest. LLC 
U:tAdmin RestaurantstRestaurants113WG NYtIAANAGERilitonthly Planning SoheduletJULY.d0o 
EFTA00588530

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588531.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588531.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 1/27/10 
Page 1 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Schedule waiters meeting 3rd Wed. of month at 3 pm.  Have all sign off. 
Schedule busboy and runners meeting 3rd Tuesday of month at 3:30pm. 
Have all sign off. 
Note: Be sure when having your meetings they are in an area clear of guests so as not to be 
rude. 
Give quarterly food tests to all workers if none given in last 2 weeks. 
Advise hosts to call regular lunch (and possibly dinner) guests to see if they're coming in that 
day. We want to make sure we have a special table ready for them or their regular or 
desired table/section. 
Note: Use the MEMO FIELD in Open Table to indicate these guests preferences re: 
sitting, eating, drinking, etc. 
Training / Mentoring / Testing staff — Everyone up to speed. 
Manager and Chef Notes: 
Week after Jan 1 slow - cut back and book all parties. 
VIP: Review coat check side duties w/ coat check workers. 
Chefs: Confirm you have a complete set of oyster tags for display. Confirm all oysters 
for month are in index. 
MGRS: 1 month out have 2 phone hosts everyday for Valentine reservations. 
New Year's Day 
*Use New Years Eve Doc instead. This information is only for back up. 
See NYE MASTER 
No reservations - Service starts at 11:30 sharp, not 12:00. 
Schedules: 
Kitchen crew in by 9 AM; waiters in at 9:30 AM - advise all not to be late that day. 
Have them all sign schedule. 
Try not to use same waiters as New Years Eve. 
Full brunch service crew with 2 hosts & coat check. 
Night manager must be in at 1 PM to help with brunch (it's an early night). 
Bring night staff in early as you do with summer brunch. 
Schedule an extra night porter to help with garbage and cleaning. 
$25 Bonus for all on time AM Staff Only. 
MGRS - confirm that menus is set up in Open Table for restaurant week and that hosts 
have all info. 
MGRS - 1/14 put "Join Us For Valentines Day" in check holders. 
MGRS - 3 wks out - make sure you have enough menus on hand for restaurant week. 
MGRS & Chefs — Jazz room will be open Tuesday — Friday both weeks of next week. 
From Special Events. 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin RestaurantsUlestaurantsIBWG MIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588531
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 2 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Managers and Chefs: 
Post schedule for all workers covering all shifts for the entire weekend, Fri. to Tues. & 
have each employee sign his/her schedule. Advise all staff -No vacations. 
Managers: 
Order extra linen; ask chef for sizes of extra garments needed for kitchen staff. 
Request that the normal linen delivery order be shipped the day prior to insure there 
isn't a problem). 
Pickup $2,000 extra change:  singles, $5, change. 
No aarbaqe pick up New Year's Eve or New Year's Day. 
Chefs: 
Chef in by 12:30. 
Make strawberry butter for brunch services. 
Order extra for day before: 
Fink Bread 
Orwashers F/Toast Bread 
Eggs 
Smoked Salmon 
Canadian Bacon 
Sliced Bacon 
Orange & Grapefruit Juice 
English Muffin 
Fresh fruit, melon 
Extra Chicken Breasts 
and any other items you get on a regular Sat. delivery. 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Servers 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Cocktail 
Scheduled 
1 0 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
A 
M 
PM A 
M 
PM A 
M 
PM A 
M 
PM 
A 
M 
PM AM 
PM 
A 
M 
PM 
Svc. Bartender 
Scheduled 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin RestaurantsUlestaurantsIBWG MINIANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleSJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588532
--- PAGE 3 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 3 of 47 
MON 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
TUE 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Host 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM H AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Busser 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Runner 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
AM I PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Coffee 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Barback 
Scheduled 
©2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:\Admin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning $cheduleIJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588533
--- PAGE 4 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 4 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
New Years Eve  — Thursday, January 1st 2010 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Thurs. 
Dec. 31 
PM 
• 
N/A 
• 
N/A 
• 
Tourists, young 
• 
Steady both seatings 
• All pre4ix and raw bar 
$76,679 
Above 
514 
Cold, 
Teens/20s 
Sat. 
Jan. 2 
AM 
• 
cancel, 10 no shows 
• 
All 
• 
Regulars, tourists 
• 
Slow, steady 
• 
Normal 
$11,626 
Normal 
348 
Cold, 
Snowy 
Sat. 
Jan. 2 
PM 
• 
112 cancel, 46 no shows 
• Early, late 
• 
Regular, tourists 
• 
Steady 
• Normal 
$33,023 
Normal 
584 
Cold, 
Teens-20s 
Sun. 
Jan. 3 
AM 
• 
cancel, 14 no shows 
• 
All 
• 
Regular 
• 
Slow 
• 
Normal 
$9,254 
Below 
400 
Cold, 
Windy, 20s 
Sun. 
Jan. 3 
PM 
• 
cancel, 2 no shows 
• All 
• 
Regular 
• 
Slow 
• 
Normal 
$8,698 
Below 
155 
Cold, 
Teens-20s 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
UAAdmin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NYAMANAGER1Monthly Planning SchedulelJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588534
--- PAGE 5 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 5 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
New Years Day 2010 Staff Information 
N/A 
New Years Day 2010 Notes 
Table Sizes:  Mostly 2-4-change out tables on jazz along back wall 
Large Party Policies:  All tables held with credit card authorization fax 
Confirmations:  Start 3 days out 
Walk-ins: Few walk-ins NYE 
Extra Supplies Needed: N/A 
Payroll: Cut hosts by 12PM phone host 9PM hits at 7:30PM and 9:30PM staffing appropriate 
Linen Order: 1400 black napkins, approx. 35 black aprons 
Change Order: 6 000 extra ($39,000 total pieces) because of three day weekend 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat Check: Smooth 
Menu Served: Pre-fix New Years Eve, raw bar/sushi a la carte 
Time Open: 6PM — Had only 6 tables at 6PM 
Additional notes: Balloons lousy. Started dropping 7PM.Either had bad helium or blow up balloons 
later. Balloon blowers need to be limited to adults only maximum of 25 adults and supervised by 
Theo. Added 15 2tops onto main floor. 13 2tops in jazz. Sold 16 more bottles of champagne than 
previous year (25 all day) 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:IAdmin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG MINIANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588535
--- PAGE 6 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 6 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
New Years Day — Thursday, January 1st 2009 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Tues. 
Jan. 1 
AM 
Tues. 
Jan. 1 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
After 3PM 
• 
Tourists 
• 
N/A 
• 
N/A 
• 
Few 
• 
All 
• 
New and tourists 
• 
N/A 
• 
N/A 
$11,768 
Normal 
523 
Clear, 40 
$21,607 
Normal 
389 
N/A 
Wed. 
Jan. 2 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
All 
• 
Regular 
• 
Late 2:30PM push 
• 
N/A 
$7,076 
Normal 
183 
Clouds, 30 
Wed. 
Jan. 2 
PM 
• 
Few 
• 
After 9PM 
• 
Families 
• 
Slow - push — slow 
• 
N/A 
$25,127 
Below 
425 
Clear, 30 
Thurs. 
Jan. 3 
AM 
• 
Few 
• 
All 
• 
Families. tourists 
• 
N/A 
• 
N/A 
$9,328 
Below 
279 
Sunny, 30 
Thurs. 
Jan. 3 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
5PM-7PM 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Steady/full all night 
• 
N/A 
$31,986 
Below 
535 
Clear, 20 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:tAdmin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NYIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduletJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588536
--- PAGE 7 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 7 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
New Years Day 2009 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
1/1/09 
I 
112/09 
C2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG MIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588537
--- PAGE 8 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 8 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
1/3/09 
1/4/09 
New Years Day 2009 Notes 
Table Sizes:  Mostly 2-4-change out tables on jazz along back wall 
Large Party Policies:  All tables held with credit card authorization fax 
Confirmations:  Start 3 days out 
Walk-ins: Few walk-ins NYE 
Extra Supplies Needed: N/A 
Payroll: Early PM cuts most days 
Linen Order: Normal 
Change Order: $10k bump for NYE 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat Check: Staffed 100% extra racks/hangers, etc. 
Menu Served: 3 course pre-fixe NYE 
Time Open: Normal 
Additional notes: Lunches all week small push late - still able to cut. Have extra host for NYE 
reservations. 
©2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG MIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleSJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588538
--- PAGE 9 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 9 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
1st Winter Restaurant Week 2009 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sun. 
Jan.18 
AM 
• BRUNCH 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Sun. 
Jan.18 
AM 
• First time we have had 
Restaurant Week on 
Sunday PM 
$19,012 
Above 
337 
Cold, 
Snow, 20s 
Mon. 
Jan.19 
AM 
. 
Also MLK Day 
• 
Busy lunch no Brunch 
additions 
$10,247 
Above 
275 
Cold, 
Snow, 20s 
Mon. 
Jan.19 
AM 
• 
Normal night, felt like a 
Sunday 
$15,271 
Normal 
270 
Cold, 
Snow, 20s 
Tues. 
Jan.20 
AM 
• Slow (Inauguration was 
same day) 
$4.721 
Below 
130 
Cold, 
Snow, 20s 
Tues. 
Jan.20 
AM 
Normal night without 
Restaurant Week 
(Inauguration was same day) 
$15,338 
Normal 
274 
Cold, 15 
@2010 BR Guest LLC 
U: \Admin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NYIMANAGER1Monthly Planning SchedulelJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588539
--- PAGE 10 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 10 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Wed. 
Jan.21 
AM 
• Steady lunch 
$5,800 
Above 
153 
Cold, 15 
Wed. 
Jan.21 
AM 
• 10 Cancel, 36 no shows 
• All 
• 
New, first timers 
• Busy early — large groups, 
died early 
$31,057 
Above 
N/A 
Cold, 15 
• Majority Restaurant Week 
menu 
Thurs. 
• Regular 
$5,955 
Above 
172 
30s 
Jan.22 
AM 
• 
Late lunch — still busy @ 
2pm 
Thurs. 
• Regular, older 
$29,979 
Above 
435 
30s 
Jan.22 
AM 
• Push between 7.8 
• Shellfish 
Fri. 
• 
Late lunch 
$9,062 
Above 
170 
30s 
Jan.23 
AM 
• Regular 
• 
Good early, busy until 2pm 
Fri. 
• Late 
$32,490 
Normal 
542 
30s 
Jan.23 
PM 
• Regular 
• Busy 
• 
Normal 
Sun. 
• Brunch 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Jan.25 
AM 
Sun. 
• 
N/A 
$18,445 
Above 
329 
30s 
Jan.25 
PM 
• All 
• Regular 
• Early busy, late slow 
• Normal late, Restaurant 
Week early 
Mon. 
• N/A 
$5,409 
Above 
148 
30s 
Jan.26 
AM 
• All 
• Regular 
• 
Slower 
• Restaurant week mostly 
Mon. 
• 
N/A 
$14,935 
Normal 
270 
N/A 
Jan.26 
PM 
• All 
• Regular 
• 
Slower 
• 
Mostly Restaurant Week 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG NY1MANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleSJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588540
--- PAGE 11 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 11 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Tues. 
Jan.27 
AM 
• 
N/A 
• All 
• Regular 
• Busier early 
• Restaurant Week most) 
$6,844 
Above 
194 
Tues. 
Jan.27 
PM 
• N/A 
• All 
• Regular 
• Good early 
• Restaurant week mostly 
$22,808 
Above 
253 
Wed. 
Jan.28 
AM 
• 
Good lunch, pop 12.1:20 
8K 
Above 
280 
15, Snowy 
Wed. 
Jan.28 
PM 
• Lots of 2s & 4s 
• Great, Thurs, nice early 
26K 
Above 
420 
Cold 
Thurs. 
Jan.29 
PM 
• 
Great Restaurant Week 
9K 
Above 
225 
Cold, 
Snow 
Thurs. 
Jan.29 
PM 
• 
Great Restaurant Week 
32K 
Above 
550 
Cold, 
Snow 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG MIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588541
--- PAGE 12 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 12 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
1st Winter Restaurant Week 2009 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
1/18 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
NA 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
1/19 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin RestaurantsUlestaurantsIBWG NNIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588542
--- PAGE 13 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 13 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
1/20 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
1/21 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin RestaurantsUlestaurantsIBWG N'AMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588543
--- PAGE 14 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 14 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
1/22 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
1/23 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG NNIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588544
--- PAGE 15 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 15 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
1/25 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
1/26 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG NNIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588545
--- PAGE 16 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 16 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
1/27 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
o 
o 
o 
o 
1/28 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG NNIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588546
--- PAGE 17 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 17 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
1/29 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
1.5 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
2.5 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
1st Winter Restaurant Week 2009 Notes 
Tables sizes: 
Normal, mainly 2's & 4's 
Large parties: 
N/A 
Confirmations: 
Confirm all reservations 
Walk-ins: 
Normal 
Extra supplies: 
N/A 
Payroll: 
Busy, Check staffing grids 
Linen order: 
Increase 10% on PM pars 
Rain Tickets: 
N/A 
Coat checks: 
N/A 
Menu served: 
Normal and Restaurant Week prefix lunch and dinner 
Time Open: 
Normal 
Additional notes: N/A 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
©2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG N'AMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588547
--- PAGE 18 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 18 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
2nd Winter Restaurant Week 2009 Notes 
Tables sizes: 
Large parties: 
Confirmations: 
Walk-ins: 
Extra supplies: 
Payroll: 
Linen order: 
Rain Tickets: 
Coat checks: 
Menu served: 
Time Open: 
Additional notes: 
Normal, mainly 2's & 4's, Yes 
N/A 
Confirm all reservations 
Normal 
N/A 
Busier than normal fro this month, we were staffed appropriately 
Same as week 1 up 10% from normal 
N/A 
N/A 
Normal and Restaurant Week prefix lunch and dinner 
Normal 
N/A 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG MIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588548
--- PAGE 19 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 19 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Winter Restaurant Week — Monday, January 21st — Friday, February 1st 2008 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Mon. 
Jan. 
AM 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
• 
Cancellations —18 / NS -
• 
Early I late 
• 
All 
• 
Steady 
• 
RW 
$7,885 
Below 
221 
Cold mid 
40% 
Mon. 
Jan. 
PM 
• 
Cancellations —27 I NS -
• 
late 
• 
Regulars 
• Steady all night 
• 
RW 
$25,283 
Below 
normal 
388 
Clear 
30's 
Tues. 
Jan. 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
After 1pm 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Push 12 — 1PM empty 
transition 
• 
$11,010 
Normal 
257 
Windy 
Clear 
20's 
Tues. 
Jan. 
PM 
• 
No 
• Early up to 6:30PM 
• 
Regular, RW New York 
Local 
• 
Slow early, busier late 
• 
RW menu 
$30,226 
Normal 
458 
Cold mid 
40's 
Wed. 
Jan. 
AM 
• 
NS -27 / cancellations - 12 
• 
All 
• 
Business 
• 
Normal lunch 
$6,730 
Below 
175 
Windy 
20's 
• 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U0Admin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NYAMANAGER1Monthly Planning SchedulelJANUARYtdoc 
EFTA00588549
--- PAGE 20 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 20 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Wed. 
Jan. 
PM 
• 
Cancellations — 261 NS 56 
• 
After 9PM 
• 
Slow / push / steady 
• 
New York 
S28,532 
Below 
446 
Clear 
20'S 
Thurs. 
Jan. 
AM 
• Normal 
• 
After 1:30PM 
• 
Regular 
• 
Full 12 - 2PM - slow 
transition 
• 
$6, 730 
below 
177 
Cold 
30'S 
Thurs. 
Jan. 
PM 
• Cancellations -171 NS - 
• 
After 9PM 
• 
New and Young 
• 
Steady 6 -9PM, no big 
push 
$38,033 
Normal 
549 
Clear 
30's 
Fri. 
Feb. 1 
AM 
• 
Cancellations — 2 / NS - 27 
• 
All 
• 
Business 
• 
Normal 
• 
$8,702 
Above 
223 
Cold Rainy 
Fri. 
Feb. 1 
PM 
• Cancellations —491 NS - 
• 
Early / late 
• 
business 
• 
Normal 
• 
$42,687 
' 
Above 
679 
Cold Rainy 
Winter Restaurant Week 2008 Staff Information 
©2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:\Admin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NYIMANAGERIMonthly Planning SchedulelJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588550
--- PAGE 21 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 21 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
DATE: r
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
DATE: 
1/28/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
I 
/ 
I 
I 
I 
1/30/08 
1/29/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
1/31/08 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin RestaurantsUlestaurantsIBWG NNIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleSJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588551
--- PAGE 22 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 22 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
DATE: 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
2/1/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG NNIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleSJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588552
--- PAGE 23 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 23 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
Tables sizes: 
Large parties: 
Confirmations: 
Walk-ins: 
Extra supplies: 
Payroll: 
Linen order: 
Change order: 
Rain Tickets: 
Coat checks: 
Menu served: 
Time Open: 
Additional notes: 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
Winter Restaurant Week 2008 Notes 
Normal 
No problems 
Must confirm all reservations 100%, especially Thursday and Friday. Many no 
shows. 
Most walk ins — lunch only 
N/A 
Bring in closers late. 5 - 6PM 
N/A. 
N/A. 
N/A. 
N/A. 
Restaurant week; lunch and dinner 
Normal 
1st Winter Restaurant Week — Monday, January 22nd — Friday, January 26th 2007 
02010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG NNIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588553
--- PAGE 24 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 24 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/NIS, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Mon. 
• None 
$6,205 
Below 
183 
Cool 40's 
Jan. 
• All day 
AM 
• Tourists 
• 
Slow 
• 
Rest. Week 
Mon. 
• 
N/A 
S25,375 
Above 
403 
Cold 30's 
Jan. 
• 
After 9pm 
PM 
• 
Tourists, young 
• 
Early steady, died after 
9pm 
• 
Pre fix 
Tues. 
• 
None 
$6,919 
Below 
197 
Cold 30s 
Jan. 
. 
Before 1 after 3 
AM 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Slow Rest. Week 
Tues. 
• None 
$29,483 
Way 
473 
Cold, low 
Jan. 
• 
After 8pm 
below 
30's 
PM 
• 
Tourists, young 
• 
Same 
Wed. 
• 
No 
$8,181 
Low 
236 
Cold 30's 
Jan. 
• 
All 
AM 
• 
All 
• 
Slow 
• Rest. Week 
Wed. 
• None 
$28,054 
Low 
475 
Cold 20's 
Jan. 
• After 9 
PM 
• Tourists, young 
• 
Dead early 
• 
Cheep stuff 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
UAAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurantsIBWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning $cheduleIJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588554
--- PAGE 25 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 25 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Thurs. 
Jan. 
AM 
• No 
• All 
• All 
• 
Slow 
• Rest. Week 
$8,248 
Below 
231 
Cold 20's 
Thurs. 
Jan. 
PM 
• 
None 
• 
After 10 
• 
Tourists, young, old 
• Regular tables 
• Restaurant week 
$33,923 
Below 
528 
Cold teens 
Fri. 
Jan. 
AM 
• No 
• All 
• All 
• Light 
• Restaurant week 
$11,236 
Low 
284 
Bitter cold 
10'S 
Fri. 
Jan. 
PM 
• 
Various no shows all night 
• Packed 
• Not typical BWG crowd 
• Packed 
• Lost of restaurant week-
86's at 10:30 
$43,012 
Below 
705 
Wind chill 
below 0 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG MIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588555
--- PAGE 26 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 26 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
1st Winter Restaurant Week 2007 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
1/22/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
1/23/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG NNIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588556
--- PAGE 27 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 27 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
1/24/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
1125/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG NNIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588557
--- PAGE 28 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 28 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
1/26/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
ST Winter Restaurant Week 2007 Notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Table Size: regular with a few large parties 
Payroll: regular 
Payroll: Week one have on call staff for Thursday in case Jazz room is needed. Open Jazz room for 
Friday lunch 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG NNIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588558
--- PAGE 29 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 29 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
1st Winter Restaurant Week — Monday, January 23rd — Friday, January 270' 2006 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Mon. 
• 2 no shows 4's at 1 
$5,938 RW 
Normal 
172 
Precipit 
Jan. 
• After 1:30 
31% 
40° 
AM 
• Regular 
• 
Slow after 2 
• 
Pre fixe menu 
Mon. 
• 
cancellations 2's, 4 no 
$25,924 RW 
Normal 
422 
Windy 
Jan. 
shows 4's 
40% 
cool 30° 
PM 
• 
After 9 
• 
Regular and young 
• 
Slow after 10 
• 
Pre fixe menu 
Tues. 
• 2 cancellations 2% 
$9,077 RW 
Above 
242 
Sunny 40° 
Jan. 
• 
After 2:30 
48% 
normal 
AM 
• 
Young 
• 
Steady until 3 
• Pre fixe menu 
Tues. 
• 
no shows 2's 
$38,044 RW 
Above 
512 
Cool 30° 
Jan. 
• After 9:30 
52% 
normal 
PM 
• Young 
• 
Steady until 10:15 
• 
Pre fixe 
Wed. 
• 
cancellations 4's 
$11,288 RW 
Above 
308 
Partly 
Jan. 
• 
After 3 
41% 
normal 
cloudy 40° 
AM 
• 
Regular and young 
• 
Steady until 3 
• 
Pre fixe 
O. 2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning $chedule\JANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588559
--- PAGE 30 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 30 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Wed. 
Jan. 25 
• 
no shows 6's 4 
cancellations 2's 
$30,349 
RW 57% 
Above 
normal 
534 
Wet 30° 
PM 
• 
After 10 
• 
Young 
• 
Steady until 10 
• Pre fixe menu 
Thurs. 
Jan. 26 
• 
N/A 
• 
After 2 
$13,117 
Above 
normal 
386 
Sun 30° 
AM 
• 
Regular and young 
• 
Steady until 3 
• Pre fixe menu 
Thurs. 
Jan. 26 
• 
no shows 2's - 3 
cancellations 4's 
$40,585 
Normal 
558 
Cold 
PM 
• 
no shows 2's, 3 
cancellations 4's 
• 
After 10 
• 
Regular and young 
• 
Steady until 10:30 
• Pre fixe menu 
Fri. 
Jan. 27 
• 
cancellations 4's 
• 
After 3 
$14,430 
Above 
normal 
366 
Sunny 40° 
AM 
• 
Young 
• 
Steady until 3:00 
• Pre fixe menu 
Fri. 
• Normal 
$46,759 
Above 
890 
Mid 40° 
Jan. 27 
• 
None 
normal 
cool 
PM 
• Normal 
• Busy 
• Pre fix menu 
1st Winter Restaurant Week 2006 Staff Information 
SERVERS 
CHANGES BUSBOY CHANGES RUNNERS CHANGES 
HOST 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM I PM 
AM I PM I AM I PM I AM I PM 
I AM I PM I AM 
I PM 
AM PM I AM PM 
MON 
1/23 
TUE 
1/24 
WED 
1/25 
THU 
1/26 
FRI 
1/27 
I 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:lAdmin Restaurants1ReataurantsIBWG NYMANAGERkidonthly Planning ScheduleSJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588560
--- PAGE 31 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 31 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
BAR 
PHONE/ 
CHANGES COFFEE CHANGES HOL.RES CHANGES 
COAT 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
MON 
1/23 
TUE 
1/24 
WED 
1/25 
THU 
1/26 
FRI 
1/27 
MGR 
CHANGES DELIVERY CHANGES
DAY 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
MON 
1/23 
TUE 
1/24 
WED 
1/25 
THU 
1/26 
FRI 
1/27 
ST Winter Restaurant Week 2006 Notes 
Table Size: Normal 
Payroll: Need to keep AM staff 'A later 
Linen order: Need more 52's (60 day) and napkins (300/day) 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG MIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588561
--- PAGE 32 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 32 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
2nd Winter Restaurant Week— Monday, January 29th — Friday, February 2 nd 2007 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Mon. 
Jan. 
AM 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
• 
None 
• 
All 
• 
All 
• 
Light 
• 
Restaurant Week 
$6, 071 
Low 
162 
30% 
Mon. 
Jan. 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Early and late 
• 
All lots of new guests 
• 
Busy 
• 
Normal dinner 
$33, 075 
Above 
466 
Cold 
Tues. 
Jan. 
AM 
• 
None 
• 
After 1 pm 
• 
Tourists, regulars 
• 
Busy early dead late 
• 
Restaurant week 
$8,180 
Normal 
210 
Cool 
Tues. 
Jan. 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Early/ late 
• 
All, lots of new guests 
• 
Busy 
• 
Dinner, restaurant week 
$33, 546 
Above 
528 
Cold, high 
Wed. 
Jan. 
AM 
• 
None 
• 
Before noon after 2 
• 
Tourists, regular and old 
• 
Steady early, slow late 
• 
Restaurant week 
$7, 476 
Below 
203 
Sunny 30s 
0)2010 BR Guest LLC 
Restaurants1Restaurants1BWG NYIMANAGERIMonthly Planning SchedulelJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588562
--- PAGE 33 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 33 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Wed. 
Jan. 
PM 
• Normal 
• Early and late 
• All 
• Normal 
• Dinner 
$33, 929 
Below 
516 
Cool 20's 
Thurs. 
Feb. 1 
AM 
• 
None 
• Early and late 
• All 
• Light 
• Restaurant week 
$8, 574 
Below 
242 
Sunny and 
cold 
Thurs. 
Feb. 1 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• Early and late 
• All 
• 
Busy 
• 
Restaurant week 
$40, 806 
Above 
383 
Cold 20's 
Fri. 
Feb. 2 
AM 
• None 
• Late 
• All 
• 
Slow 
• 
Restaurant week 
$10,700 
Below 
241 
Cold 
Fri. 
Feb. 2 
PM 
• 
$38, 127 
Below 
635 
Cold 30's 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG MIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588563
--- PAGE 34 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 34 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
nd Winter Restaurant Week 2007 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
1/29107 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
r
1/30/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
-1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin RestaurantsUlestaurantsIBWG N'AMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588564
--- PAGE 35 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 35 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
1/31/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
-1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
2/1/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin RestaurantsUlestaurantsIBWG N'AMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588565
--- PAGE 36 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 36 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
212/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
2nd Winter Restaurant Week 2007 Notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Table sizes:  Quite a few large parties, had enough tables. Tables sat longer 
Large Parties:  None except special event. A few no shows, lots of incomplete parties. 
Walk-ins: Lots of walk ins, first time diners. Not a good idea to seat incomplete parties. 
Payroll:  Much busier lunches. Dinner was not as successful, displace normal business. 
Additional notes:  We did not have to open the Jazz room at all during Restaurant week 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG NNIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588566
--- PAGE 37 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 37 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
2nd Winter Restaurant Week  — Monday, January 30th — Friday, February 3rd 2006 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Mon. 
Jan. 
• 2 Cancellations 4's 
• 
After 2 
$9,029 
Above 
normal 
252 
Sunny 50° 
AM 
• Regular and tourist 
• 
Steady until 3 
• 
Pre fixe menu 
Mon. 
Jan. 
• N/A 
• After 9 
$32,362 
Above 
normal 
525 
Cool 40° 
PM 
• Regular 
• 
Slow 
• Pre fixe menu 
Tues. 
Jan. 
• 4 cancellations 4's 
• After 2 
$8,087 
Above 
normal 
224 
Rainy 40° 
AM 
• Young and regular 
• 
Slow after 2:30 
• Pre fixe menu 
Tues. 
Jan. 
• 
cancellations 3 at 2 
people and 2 at 4 people 
$32,204 
Above 
normal 
571 
Rainy 40° 
PM 
• Early and after 9pm 
• Regular 
• 
Slow and busy during 
peak hours 
• Pre fixe menu 
Wed. 
Feb. 1 
• 
no shows 2's at 12:30 
• 
After 2 
$10,487 
Above 
normal 
307 
Sunny 40° 
AM 
• Regular and young 
• 
Steady until 2:30 
• 
Pre fixe menu 
@2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin RestaurantstRestaurantsIBWG MIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleSJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588567
--- PAGE 38 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 38 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Wed. 
Feb. 1 
PM 
• Normal 
• Early and late 
• Regular 
• Normal 
• Normal and pre fixe menu 
$34,262 
Below 
normal 
615 
Cool low 
40° 
Thurs. 
Feb. 2 
AM 
• 
cancellations 2's 
• 
After 2:30 
• 
Young 
• 
Late hit around 3 
• Pre fixe menu 
$11,300 
Above 
normal 
304 
Partly 
sunny 50° 
Thurs. 
Feb. 2 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• Early and late 
• Normal 
• 
Normal 
• 
Normal 
$39,026 
Above 
normal 
560 
Cool high 
40° 
Fri. 
Feb. 3 
AM 
• N/A 
• Early and late 
• Business people and 
tourist 
• Slow and steady 
• 
RW menu 
$11,547 
Below 
normal 
346 
Early 
clouds -
sunny late 
60° 
Fri. 
Feb. 3 
PM 
• 10 no shows 5 at 10:30 
and 5 at 10:45 
• Early and late 
• Normal 
• 
Steady 
• 
Normal and pre fixe menu 
$13,845 
Below 
normal 
795 
Cool low 
50° 
2nd Winter Restaurant Week 2006 Staff Information 
SERVERS 
CHANGES BUSBOY CHANGES RUNNERS CHANGES 
HOST 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM IPM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
MON 
1/30 
TUE 
1/31 
WED 
2/1 
THU 
2/2 
FRI 
2/3 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:lAdmin Restaurants1ReataurantsIBWG NYMANAGERkidonthly Planning ScheduleSJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588568
--- PAGE 39 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 39 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
BAR 
PHONE/ 
CHANGES COFFEE CHANGES HOL.RES CHANGES 
COAT 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
MON 
IMO 
TUE 
1/31 
WED 
2/1 
THU 
2/2 
FRI 
2/3 
MGR 
CHANGES DELIVERY CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
MON 
MO 
TUE 
1/31 
WED 
211 
THU 
2/2 
FRI 
213 
2nd Winter Restaurant Week 2006 Notes 
Payroll: Cut later at lunch and dinner] 
Linen order: Extra 52's and 62's 
Menu served:  Restaurant week lunch and dinner 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin RestaurantsUlestaurantsIBWG MIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588569
--- PAGE 40 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 40 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Martin Luther Kinq, Jr.  — Monday, January 18th 2010 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Sun. 
Jan. 
AM 
• 
62/ 44 
• 
Main early late, Jazz Entire 
• 
Regular 
• Lighter 
• 
Brunch 
• 
N/A 
Sun. 
Jan. 
PM 
Mon. 
Jan. 
AM 
• 
10/2 
• All 
• 
Tourists / Families 
• 
Earlier busi. Lunches/ late 
afternoon tourist & 
families 
• Pre fix 
• 
N/A 
Mon. 
Jan.18 
PM 
$12,527 
Slightly 
Below 
$7,778.00 
Below 
533 
Cold rainy 
228 
Warm 40's 
sun 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:\Admin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning SchedulelJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588570
--- PAGE 41 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 41 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Martin Luther King, Jr. 2010 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
1/18/10 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
o 
02010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG NNIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1 doc 
EFTA00588571
--- PAGE 42 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 42 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Martin Luther King, Jr. 2010 Notes 
Table sizes: Normal 
Large party policies: N/A 
Confirmations: No 
Walk ins:  Most walk ins Monday came btwn 2-4 & were mix of foreigners and families 
Extra Supplies Needed: None 
Payroll: Not to busy 12-3 on Monday. Lunch was a steady stream of Monday walk-ins 
Linen order: N/A 
Change Order: N/A 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat check: N/A 
Menu: Normal 
Time open: 11:30 
Additional Misc. Notes: Short one runner and not enough 0/c servers staffed. It was okay but could 
have been a bit more secure. Slow but steady 
Martin Luther King, Jr.  — Monday, January 21st 2008 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
@2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:\Admin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NYIMANAGERIMonthly Planning SchedulelJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588572
--- PAGE 43 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 43 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Sun. 
Jan. 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Late 
• Reg, family 
• 
Slow start , walk-ins late 
• 
N/A 
$16,150 
Normal 
604 
Sun, 18 
Sun. 
Jan. 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Late 
• Regular 
• Slow — push — slow 
• 
N/A 
$15,499 
Below 
264 
Clear, 10 
Mon. 
Jan. 
AM 
• 
no show covers 
• later, after 2 
• rw guests 
• 
steady until 1230 
• 
N/A 
$10,205 
Above 
286 
Sun, 25 
Mon. 
Jan. 
PM 
• Normal 
• After 8 
• New guests — VGC! 
• 
Small push 630 
• 
Open!!! 
$17,606 
Below 
306 
Clear, 20 
Tues. 
Jan. 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• All 
• Reg. business lunch 
• Empty after 3 
• 
N/A 
$5,706 
Below 
160 
Wind, 30s 
Tues. 
Jan. 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
After 1:30 
• Regular, young 
• 
Slow — push - slow 
$29,244 
Normal 
411 
Clean, 20 
Martin Luther King, Jr. 2008 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
1/20/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
+1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
1/21/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
tlitAdmIn RestaurantsUlestaurantsIBWG NNIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleSJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588573
--- PAGE 44 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 44 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
1/22/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
U:1Admin RestaurantsUlestaurantsIBWG N'AMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleSJANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588574
--- PAGE 45 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 45 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Managers 
Martin Luther King, Jr. 2008 Notes 
Table sizes: Normal 
Large party policies: Normal 
Confirmations: Normal — confirm Thu. For Mon. 
Walk ins:  Normal — late push Sun AM 
Extra Supplies Needed: None 
Payroll: Mon AM early cuts, Mon PM have closers come in 1 hr late 
Linen order: N/A 
Change Order: N/A 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat check: N/A 
Menu: Normal 
Time open: Normal 
Additional Misc. Notes: Sun AM: steady brunch full untl 4 
Sun PM — early cuts — start w/ full staff 
Mon AM — many no shows, many walk-ins to fill 
Mon PM — busy early. early cuts 
Tues AM — sbw lunch early cuts every/ rw 
Tues PM — booked 6:30-8 
Open after 8 
Martin Luther Kinq, Jr. — Monday, January 15th 2007 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
et2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:t.Admin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NYIMANAGERIMonthly Planning Schedule\JANUARYI.doc 
EFTA00588575
--- PAGE 46 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 46 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
Mon. 
Jan. 
AM 
• 
None 
• 
All day 
• 
Tourists, regulars 
• 
Slow 
• 
Brunch additions 
S6,254 
Below 
201 
Cool 40 
Mon. 
Jan. 
PM 
• 
521,492 
Below 
298 
Cold 30's 
Martin Luther King, Jr. 2007 Staff Information 
AM 
CHANGES 
WORKED 
Servers 
-1 
Bar 
Bussers 
-1 
Runners 
-1 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
PM 
CHANGES 
AM WORKED CHANGES 
WORKED 
-1 
-1 
PM 
CHANGES 
WORKED 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:Anm in Re -taurants1Re5IaurantsIBWG NYAMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588576
--- PAGE 47 ---
As of 1/27/10 
Page 47 of 47 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
JANUARY 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
N/A 
Martin Luther King, Jr. 2007 Notes 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
U:1Admin Restaurants1RestaurantsIBWG MIMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleLIANUARY1.doc 
EFTA00588577

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588578.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588578.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 1/21/11 
Page 1 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Schedule waiters meeting 2nd Wed. of month at 3 pm. Have all sign off. 
Schedule busboy and runners meeting 2nd Thurs. of month at 3:30 pm. 
Have all sign off. 
Note: Have meeting in Vault or Jazz room. 
Give quarterly food tests to all workers if none given in last 2 week 
Advise hostesses to call regular lunch (and possibly dinner) guests to see if they're coming in 
that day. We want to make sure we have a special table ready for them, or their regular or 
desired table/section. 
Note: Use the MEMO FIELD in Open Table to indicate these guests preferences re: 
sitting, eating, drinking, etc. 
Hire servers for café. You need to be overstaffed. Now to be properly staffed in April 
Manager and Chef Notes: 
a) 
VIP: Review coat check side duties w/ coat check workers (attached). 
b) 
Chefs: Confirm you have a complete set of oyster tags for display. 
Confirm all oysters for month are in index. 
c) 
Mgr advise porters/dishwashers: When the temperature drops below 
35*F, do not wash the sidewalk. If sidewalk must be cleaned, spot clean where 
required and use rock salt immediately. 
d) 
Change flower decorations to branch type in vases. 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Servers 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Cocktail 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Bartender 
Scheduled 
O2011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NY1MANAGERWIonlhly Planning Schedule\FEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588578
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 2 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
A 
M 
PM A 
M 
PM A 
M 
PM A 
M 
PM 
A 
M 
PM AM 
PM 
A 
M 
PM 
Svc. Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Host 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Busser 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Runner 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Coffee 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Barback 
Scheduled 
O2011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:tAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NYIMANAGER1Monthly Planning SchoduloWEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588579
--- PAGE 3 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 3 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Super Bowl - Sunday, February 3rd 2008 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sun. 
• 
NS 7 CXL 
$14,132 
Below 
583 
High, 40s 
Feb.3 
• All day 
AM 
• Regular 
• 
Slow transition 
• Normal 
Sun. 
• 
NS 0 CXL 
$7,030 
Below 
135 
Mid, 30s 
Feb.3 
• All day 
PM 
• 
Women + tourists 
• 
Dead 
• Normal 
O2011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:lAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NY1MANAGERWonthly Planning Schedule\FEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588580
--- PAGE 4 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 4 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Super Bowl 2008 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
N/A 
2/3/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
-1 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Super Bowl 2008 Notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
02011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:lAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NY1MANAGEIBMonthly Planning Schedule\FEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588581
--- PAGE 5 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 5 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Super Bowl - Sunday, February 4th 2007 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Sun. 
• 
Slow Normal brunch 
Main $9,322 
Main 
Main 346 
20's 
Feb.4 
crowd 
Below 
Jazz 163 
AM 
Jazz $3,338 
Jazz 
Below 
Sun. 
• 
Very slow Jazz only filled 
Main $6,359 
Main 
Main 138 
14degrees 
Feb.4 
Jazz $3,758 
Below 
Jazz 61 
PM 
Jazz 
below 
©2011 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:tAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NYIMANAGERMonthly Planning SchedulelFEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588582
--- PAGE 6 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 6 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Super Bowl 2007 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
Main Room 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Jazz Room 
J
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
1.5 
I 
I 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
Super Bowl 2007 Notes 
Walk-ins: None 
Payroll: Extremely slow- please stick to staffing grid-Bare Bones staffing. 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
02011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:lAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NY1MANAGERWIonthly Planning Schedule\FEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588583
--- PAGE 7 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 7 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Valentine's Day  - Saturday, February 14th 2009 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Fri. 
Feb.13 
AM 
• 
Min No shows — 12 covers 
• 
All 
• 
Regular business 
• 
Steady — no wait, good bar 
crowd, faded around 12pm 
• 
Pre-fix and regular 
$7774.37 
N/A 
203 
40s 
Fri. 
Feb.13 
PM 
• N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Sat. 
Feb.14 
AM 
• 
Min cancel and no shows 
- total 17 cancel , 26 no 
shows 
• 
All 
• 
Lots of families with 
babies - younger crowd 
• 
Strong start — faded after 
2PM 
• 
Regular menu and BF 
items 
$12,856.42 
N/A 
338 
40s 
Sat. 
Feb.14 
AM 
• 
cancelled, 28 no shows 
• 
None 
• 
Regular, young, couples —
deuces 
• 
All young couples — 20s & 
30s 
• 
Lots of Valentine's 
specials 
$70,400 
N/A 
1134 
Clear, 40s 
ic)2011 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U: ‘Admin RostaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NYIMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleTEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588584
--- PAGE 8 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 8 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Valentine's Day 2009 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
2/14/09 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Valentine's Day 2009 Notes 
Table sizes: Lots of deuces — add 45 deuces — bank vault would be same 
Large Parties: cc's for all parties 
Confirmations: Confirm all reservations 3 days out and again for LM 1 day out 
Walk-ins: No real walk-ins — have cocktail tables set like lunch for dinner 
Extra supplies: Extra SP's and bread baskets, candles and glasses 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
©2011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:lAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NY1MANAGERWIonthly Planning Schedule\FEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588585
--- PAGE 9 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 9 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Valentine's Day  - Thursday, February 14th 2008 
Thurs. 
Feb.14 
AM 
Thus. 
Feb.14 
PM 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
• 
CXL, 10 N/S covers 
• 
after I 
• 
regular 
• 
steady from 12-130 
• 
N/A 
• 
CXL, 93 NS covers 
• 
fully reserved all night 
• 
couples, young 
• 
steady 5-11 
• 
N/A 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
$9,173 
Normal 
247 
Sun, 30s 
$54,841 
Above 
749 
Clear, 30s 
O2011 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:tAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NYIMANAGER1Monthly Planning SchedulelFEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588586
--- PAGE 10 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 10 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Valentine's Day 2008 Staff Information 
2/14/08 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
+1 
Valentine's Day 2008 Notes 
Table sizes: All 2s have tables changed out night before — added 50 see floor plan 
Large Parties: Normal — 3 LPs all night 
Confirmations: Must start confirming 48hours out 
Walk-ins: Few all night — push to B.V. 
Extra supplies: S&Ps, candleabras, tapered candles, silverware, B&Bs 
Payroll: No cuts until 10:30 
Linen Order: Must order extra 52s 
Change Order: N/A 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat Check: No issues 
Menu: Romanic specials w/ a la carte 
Time Open: Normal 
Additional Misc. Notes: Lunch staff fully — busy lunch 
Smooth night was able to fill no shows with walk-ins 
Staff for 2 in B.V. & extra serves on floor, hour 1/2  turn times work fine 
02011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:lAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NY1MANAGERWIonthly Planning Schedule\FEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588587
--- PAGE 11 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 11 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Valentine's Day  - Wednesday, February 14th 2007 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Wed. 
• 
Very slow 
Main- $3,815 
Below 
Cold 30's 
Feb.14 
• 
Never full 
Normal 
AM 
• 
Business lunch 
Wed. 
• 
All couples 
Main- S26, 418 
Above 
Main 440 
Cold 30's 
Feb.14 
• 
No large parties 
Jazz- S14, 608 
Jazz 226 
and snow 
PM 
• 
No special events 
©2011 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:tAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NYIMANAGERMonthly Planning SchedulelFEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588588
--- PAGE 12 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 12 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Valentine's Day 2007 Staff Information 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
Main Room 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
i 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Jan Room 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Closed 
Valentine's Day 2007 Notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Table sizes: Lots of 2 tops, please see attached floor plans. Sol bank vault as a la carte. 
Large Parties: $25 cancellation fee for all no shows and cancellations. No charge this year because 
of weather. 
Confirmations: Confirm all reservations 3 days prior and make second calls to those that left 
messages one day out. 
Extra supplies: Yes, count salt and pepper shakers and bread baskets, one per table. Extra 
candles, 60 tall candle holders. Order red votives and cocktail napkins. 
Payroll: Added one additional server to man and one extra busser in Jazz. 2 a la carte servers in 
Bank Vault. 
Linen order: Need extra 52's. Count all 2 tops on the floor plan and order enough for 5 turns. Cut 
back on 62 and 72's 
Menu: Normal and printed a la carte. 
Ce011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:lAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NY1MANAGERWIonthly Planning Schedule\FEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588589
--- PAGE 13 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 13 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Valentine's Day  - Tuesday, February 14th 2006 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Fri. 
Feb.10 
AM 
• 
no shows 2- 6 
cancellations 2's 
• 
After 2 
• 
Regular 
• 
Slow after 3 
• 
Normal 
$8,094 
Below 
normal 
211 
Cloudy 
Fri. 
Feb.10 
PM 
• 
no shows 2's 
• 
After 10 
• 
Regular and young 
• 
Slow after 11 
• 
Normal 
$43,982 
Below 
normal 
645 
Windy 30° 
Sat. 
Feb.11 
AM 
• 
cancellations 4's and 3 
no shows 2's 
• 
After 1:30 
• 
Regular 
• 
Slow after 3 
• 
Normal 
$13,370 
Normal 
415 
Cloudy 30° 
Sat. 
Feb.11 
PM 
• 15 no shows 2's and 8 
cancellations 4's -10 no 
shows 4's 
• 
After 10 
• 
Young 
• 
Slow after 9:30 
• 
Normal 
$43,794 
Below 
normal 
628 
Snow 30° 
Snow 300
Sun. 
Feb.12 
AM 
• 
n/s and 12 cxl 
• 
After 2 
• 
Regular and young 
• 
Slow, especially Jazz 
• 
Normal 
$8,006 
Below 
normal 
331 
©2011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:lAdmin Reataurantalliestauranta1BWG NYWANAGERWIonthly Planning ScheduleWEBRUARY.doe 
EFTA00588590
--- PAGE 14 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 14 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Sun. 
Feb.12 
PM 
• 8 no shows 2's and 4 
cancellations 4's 
• All times 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Closed at 10 
• 
Normal 
S16,624 
Below 
normal 
234 
Windy 20° 
Mon. 
Feb.13 
AM 
• 2 no shows 
• All times 
• Regular 
• 
Slow after 2 
• 
Normal 
$5,275 
Below 
normal 
152 
Sunny 40° 
Mon. 
Feb.13 
PM 
. 
no shows and 8 
cancellations 
• 
Early and late 
• 
Normal 
• 
Slow 
• 
Normal 
$24,458 
Below 
normal 
388 
Cold 30° 
Tues. 
Feb.14 
AM 
• 3 cancellations 
• After 2:30 
• Regular and tourist 
• 
Steady until 3 
• 
Normal 
$8,785 
Above 
normal 
221 
Sunny 40° 
Tues. 
Feb.14 
PM 
• 34/145 
• 
After 11pm 
• 
Young couples 
• 
Steady, restaurant full by 
6pm 
• 
Valentines day specials
$51,423 
Above 
normal 
773 
Sunny 40° 
Valentine's Day 2006 Staff Information 
SERVERS CHANGES BUSBOY CHANGES RUNNERS CHANGES 
HOST 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
FRI 
2/10 
SAT 
2/11 
SUN 
2/12 
MON 
2/13 
TUE 
2/14 
O2011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:tAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NYIMANAGER1Monthly Planning SchoduloWEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588591
--- PAGE 15 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 15 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
BAR 
PHONE/ 
CHANGES COFFEE CHANGES HOL.RES CHANGES 
COAT 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
FRI 
2/10 
SAT 
2/11 
SUN 
2/12 
MON 
2/13 
TUE 
2/14 
MGR 
CHANGES DELIVERY CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
FRI 
2/10 
SAT 
2/11 
SUN 
2/12 
MON 
2/13 
TUE 
2/14 
Valentine's Day 2006 Notes 
Table sizes: Added 56 2's instead of 29 4's 
Confirmations: Began confirming on Thursday before 
Extra supplies: Red votive candles, extra candelabras, heresy kisses and napkins 
Payroll: Later lunch- cut lat at dinner 
Menu: Normal and V-day menu 
C2011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:lAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NY1MANAGERWonthly Planning Schedule\FEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588592
--- PAGE 16 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 16 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Presidents Day  - Monday, February 18th 2008 
• 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
• 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
• 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
• 
Describe early and late 
business 
• 
What were Menu trends? 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Sun. 
Feb.17 
AM 
• 
Scattered N/S 
• 
All times 
• 
Normal 
• 
Regular Brunch 
• 
Normal 
$16,415 
Normal 
663 
Clear, 30s 
Sun. 
Feb.17 
PM 
• 
Not many 
• 
Late beg @ 8pm 
• 
Regular, business 
• 
Busy early in jazz, fully by 
7pm 
• 
Normal 
$30,000 
Above 
451 
Rainy, 30s 
Mon. 
Feb.18 
AM 
• 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Mon. 
Feb.18 
PM 
• 
Not many CXL and Few NS 
• 
All times 
• 
Regular 
• 
Slow 
• 
Normal, Raw Bar 
$18,996 
Below 
286 
50s, 
Scattered 
Showers 
®2011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:tAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NYIMANAGER1Monthly Planning Schodulo\FEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588593
--- PAGE 17 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 17 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Presidents Day 2008 Staff Information 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
N/A 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
+1 
+1 
+1 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
Presidents Day 2008 Notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
02011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:lAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NY1MANAGERWIonthly Planning Schedule\FEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588594
--- PAGE 18 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 18 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Presidents Day  - Monday, February 19th 2007 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
• 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
• 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
• 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
• Describe early and late 
business 
• 
What were Menu trends? 
Fri 
• 
None 
$7,009 
Below 
193 
Cold 
Feb.16 
• All 
AM 
• 
Yes 
• 
Slow 
• 
All 
Fri 
• None 
$33, 825 
Normal 
526 
Cold 
Feb.16 
• Early/late 
PM 
• All 
• 
Light 
• 
Normal 
Sat 
• No 
$10,255 
Normal 
296 
Cold 
Feb.17 
• 
Late, early 
AM 
• All 
• 
Light 
• 
Normal 
Sat 
• 
$47, 805 
Above 
720 
Cold 
Feb.17 
PM 
Sun. 
• 
None 
$16, 107 
Normal 
665 
Cold 
Feb.18 
• Early 
AM 
• All 
• Light 
• Brunch 
Sun. 
• 
None 
$33, 189 
Above 
721 
Cold 
Feb.18 
• Early and late 
PM 
• All 
• 
Steady 
• All 
O2011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:IAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NY1MANAGERWonthly Planning Schedule\FEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588595
--- PAGE 19 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 19 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Mon. 
Feb.19 
AM 
• None 
Early 
• 
Normal 
• 
Pop around 2pm 
• 
Normal 
$10, 977 
Above 
284 
Cold 
Mon. 
Feb.19 
PM 
• 
None 
• 
All 
• 
Normal 
• 
Very slow all night 
• Normal 
$29,734 
Below 
608 
Cold 
Tues 
Feb.20 
AM 
• 
None 
• All 
• All 
• Light 
• All 
$5,461 
Normal 
154 
40's 
Tues 
Feb.20 
PM 
• 
None 
• All 
• All 
• 
Light 
• 
All 
$22, 267 
Normal 
333 
40's 
Presidents Day 2007 Staff Information 
SERVERS CHANGES BUSBOY CHANGES RUNNERS CHANGES 
HOST 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
FRI 
2/16 
SAT 
2/17 
SUN 
2/18 
MON 
2/19 
TUES 
2/20 
PHONE/ 
BAR 
CHANGES COFFEE CHANGES HOL.RES CHANGES 
COAT 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
FRI 
2/16 
SAT 
2/17 
SUN 
2/18 
MON 
2/19 
TUES 
2/20 
O2011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
11:1Admin RestaurantsUiestaurantslBWG NYVAANAGEMMonthly Planning ScheduleIFEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588596
--- PAGE 20 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 20 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Presidents Day 2007 Notes 
Walk-ins: Many throughout all meal periods. They were helpful as booking was light. 
Payroll: Leave as staffed and make aggressive cuts 
Coat check: Fine 
Menu: Regular 
Time open: Regular winter hours. 
Additional notes:  Sunday is a late night. Do not cut too early. Lots of walk-in business after 10pm. 
Jazz room very busy 
O2011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:lAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NY1MANAGERWonthly Planning Schedule\FEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588597
--- PAGE 21 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 21 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Presidents Day  - Monday, February 20th 2006 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Sun. 
Feb.19 
AM 
• 
no shows 
• 
After 2:30 
• 
Regular 
• 
Steady until 4 
• 
Normal 
$6,132 
Normal 
706 
Cold 20° 
Sun. 
Feb.19 
PM 
• 3 no shows 4's and 4 
cancellations of 2's 
• 
After 9:30 
• 
Young 
• 
Slow after 10 
• 
Normal 
$31,140 
Above 
normal 
544 
Cold teens 
Mon. 
Feb.20 
AM 
• 
None 
• 
After 1 
• Regular and young 
• 
Steady until 3:30 
• 
Normal 
$9,888 
Above 
normal 
233 
Sunny 30° 
Mon. 
Feb.20 
PM 
• 
None 
• 
Any and all 
• 
Regular, tourist and young 
couples 
• 
Slow all the way through 
• 
Normal 
$16,669 
Below 
normal 
337 
Sunny 30° 
@2011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
UAAdmin RestaurantstRestaurants1BWG NYIMANAGERMonthly Planning SchedulelFEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588598
--- PAGE 22 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 22 of 24 
SERVERS 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Presidents Day 2006 Staff Information 
CHANGES BUSBOY CHANGES RUNNERS CHANGES 
HOST 
CHANGE 
DAY IAM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM AM PM 
SUN 
2/19 
0 
MON 
2/20 
23 
PHONE/ 
BAR 
CHANGES COFFEE CHANGES HOL.RES CHANGES 
COAT 
CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM AM PM 
SUN 
2/19 
MON 
2/20 
MGR 
CHANGES DELIVERY CHANGES 
DAY 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
SUN 
2/19 
MON 
2/20 
Presidents Day 2006 Notes 
Walk-ins: More than normal -many children 
Payroll: Cut late — around 3:15 
Change order: Change on Friday since bank is closed 
Menu: Lunch and Brunch additions 
B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:t.Admin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NYIMANAGER1Monthly Planning SchedulelFEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588599
--- PAGE 23 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 23 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Oscar Night  - Sunday, February 24th 2008 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Sun. 
Feb.24 
AM 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Sun. 
Feb.24 
PM 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
©2011 B.R. Guest. Inc. 
U:tAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NYIMANAGERMonthly Planning SchedulelFEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588600
--- PAGE 24 ---
As of 1/21/11 
Page 24 of 24 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
FEBRUARY 
Oscar Night 2008 Staff Information 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
PM WORKED 
CHANGES 
-2 
-1 
Oscar Night 2008 Notes 
Table sizes: Few large parties, mostly 3s & 4s 
Large Party Policies: N/A 
Confirmations: Normal 
Walk-ins: Very few walk-ins, all 2s, local 
Extra supplies: None 
Payroll: Very slow, only early business, let go all staff early 
Linen order: None extra linen needed 
Change order: Both banks were deposits (small) 
Rain tickets: N/A 
Coat check: Needed only one coat check 
Menu: Normal 
Time Open:  Normal main: 5-11pm, jazz 6-9pm 
Additional Misc. Notes: Close jazz dining room, brunch in AM was normal-busy 
O2011 B.R. Guest, Inc. 
U:lAdmin RestaurantsIRestaurants1BWG NY1MANAGERWIonthly Planning Schedule\FEBRUARY.doc 
EFTA00588601

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588602.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588602.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 11/16/10 
Page 1 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Schedule all department staff meetings and post 
Note: Be sure when having your meetings they are in an area clear of quests 
Give quarterly food tests to all workers if none given in last 2 weeks. 
(Busboy and Runner meetings are held in vault). 
Follow through with high T.V, and CRM quests with your staff and chefs. 
Advise hosts to call regular lunch (and possibly dinner) quests to see if they're coming in 
that day. We want to make sure we have a special table ready for them, or their regular or 
desired table/section. 
Note: Use the MEMO FIELD in Open Table to indicate these guests' preferences 
re: sitting, eating, drinking, etc. 
See Attached NYE Reservation Tracking Sheet 
Manager and Chef Notes: 
Jazz Room opens for Lunch for Wednesday — Friday in December only. 
(See attached Grid for Staffing) 
December 1: Have all workers sign schedule for week of Christmas Day, Christmas 
Eve, day after, New Years Eve, New Years Day & day after. No doubles and no back to back 
shifts. 
Be careful of wait staff exodus 15t week of December. 
Alert staff that the week before Christmas they will be working late for lunch everyday. 
December 24 to January 1 - Very slow lunches. Cut back. 
Week after Jan 1 slow - book all parties. 
For 'closed-restaurant' parties'. 
Chefs: Confirm you have a complete set of oyster tags for display. 
Confirm all oysters for month are in index. Confirm waiters have read "Oyster Sales 
Blurb" - see attached doc. 
Water outside live trees in tree stands daily. 
Monitor the weather for warm days. Alert Maintenance Dept. to pull out trees and set 
up café. 
Put in Track-it to change priorities for early tables in PH. To 1.25 hour durations 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Servers 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Cocktail 
Scheduled 
®2010 BR Guest LLC 
UMdmin Restaurants'aestaurants1BWG NYWANAGER \Monthly Planning ScheduleIDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588602
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 2 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
A 
M 
PM A 
M 
PM A 
M 
PM A 
M 
PM 
A 
M 
PM AM 
PM 
A 
M 
PM 
Svc. Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Host 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Busser 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Coffee 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Barback 
Scheduled 
@2010 BR Guest LLC 
UMdmin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588603
--- PAGE 3 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 3 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Hanukkah — Friday, December 11th 2009 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Fri. 
Dec. 11 
AM 
• 
cancel, 7 no shows 
• 
Early post 2PM 
• 
Regulars 
• 
N/A 
• Prix-fix 
$12,264 
Normal 
250 
Overcast 
Cold 
Fri. 
Dec. 11 
PM 
• 
147 cancel, 40 no shows 
• 
After 10PM 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Busy early 
• 
Normal 
$41,565 
Slightly 
Above 
600 
Cold 
Sat. 
Dec. 12 
AM 
• 23 cancel, 16 no shows 
• All walk-ins and call 
aheads 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Bush both 
• 
Normal 
$16,008 
Above 
438 
Sunny, 
Cold 
Sat. 
Dec. 12 
AM 
• 269 cancel, 80 no shows 
• 
After 10PM 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Busy early 
• 
Normal 
$44,132 
Normal 
644 
Cold 
Sun. 
Dec. 13 
AM 
• 
102 cancel, 65 no shows 
• 
Early late in both dining 
rooms 
• 
Regulars 
• 
No late business 
• 
Brunch 
$15,324 
Normal 
604 
Rainy, 
Cold 
@2010 BR Guest LLC 
UAAdmin Restaurants'aestaurantsIBWGNY‘MANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleIDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588604
--- PAGE 4 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 4 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Sun. 
Dec. 13 
AM 
• 82 cancel, 29 no shows 
• All 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Slow 
• 
Normal 
S14,947 
Slightly 
Below 
232 
Rainy, 
Cold 
Mon. 
Jan. 14 
AM 
• 
cancel, 9 no shows 
• 
Early post 2PM 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Early slow picked up going 
into transition 
• 
Lunch 
$8,414 
Above 
211 
40s, Sunny 
Mon. 
Jan. 14 
PM 
• 
cancel, 16 no shows 
• 
After 9PM 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Early pop 
• 
Normal 
$23,916 
Above 
378 
Cold 
Tues. 
Jan. 15 
AM 
• 13 cancel, 14 no shows 
• 
Early late 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Could of used booking 
prior 12PM and past 
2:30PM 
• Prix-fix 
$8,541 
Above 
214 
40s. Sunny 
Tues. 
Jan. 15 
PM 
• 
cancel, 14 no shows 
• 
Later after 9PM 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Filled early 
• 
Normal 
$31,529 
Above 
442 
Colder 
Wed. 
Jan. 16 
AM 
Wed. 
Jan. 16 
PM 
• 
cancel, 5 no shows 
• 
Past 2:30PM 
• 
Regulars 
• Busy early with large 
parties 
• 
Normal 
S11,382 
Above 
266 
30s, Sunny 
• 
103 cancel, 64 no shows 
• 
Late evening 
. 
Regulars 
• 
Steady busy both dining 
rooms 
• 
Normal 
S31,555 
Above 
428 
Colder 
Thurs. 
Jan. 17 
AM 
• 
cancel, 10 no shows 
• 
All opened jazz for lunch 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Busy throughout 
• Prix-fix 
$16,505 
Above 
354 
20s, Sunny 
Thurs. 
Jan. 17 
PM 
• 125 cancel, 42 no shows 
• 
Early late 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Light both, but special 
events filled dining rooms 
$44,701 
Above 
530 
Cold, Clear 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
UAAdmin Restaurants \Restaurants1BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588605
--- PAGE 5 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 5 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Fri. 
• 24 cancel, 13 no shows 
S13,472 
Above 
335 
Sunny, 
Jan. 18 
AM 
• 
All jazz was opened for 
lunch 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Busy from start to finish 
• 
Normal 
Cold 
Fri. 
• 163 cancel, 60 no shows 
$32,256 
Below 
512 
Cold 
Jan. 18 
PM 
• 
Later after 930PM 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Busy early 
• 
Normal 
Sat. 
• 
cancel, 8 no shows 
$12,774 
Below 
368 
Cold, 
Jan. 19 
AM 
• 
All 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Light both 
• 
Normal 
Snowstorm 
Sat. 
• 
205 cancel, 66 no shows 
$26,964 
Below 
455 
Cold, 
Jan. 19 
PM 
• 
All 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Slow all around 
• 
Normal 
Snow 
Sun. 
• 
130 cancel, 26 no shows 
$11,786 
Below 
490 
Cold, Cold 
Jan. 20 
AM 
• 
All 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Slow 
• 
Brunch 
Sun. 
• 
cancel, 15 no shows 
$11,656 
Below 
183 
Colder 
Jan. 20 
PM 
• 
All 
• 
Regular 
• 
Slow 
• 
Normal 
Hanukkah 2009 Notes Staff Information 
N/A 
N/A 
Hanukkah 2009 Notes 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
UAAdmin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588606
--- PAGE 6 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 6 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Christmas — Friday, December 25th 2009 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Wed. 
• 
cancel, 5 no shows 
$10,575 
Above 
245 
Sunny, 
Dec. 23 
• All 
Cold 
AM 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Late push 
• 
Normal 
Wed. 
• 
cancel, 32 no shows 
$21,243 
Normal 
379 
Cold 
Dec. 23 
• 
All 
PM 
• 
Regular 
• 
N/A 
• 
N/A 
Thurs. 
• 
cancel, 0 no shows 
$6,952 
Below 
196 
Sunny, 
Dec. 24 
• M 
Cold 
AM 
• 
Regulars, tourists 
• 
Slow 
• 
Normal 
Thurs. 
• 
119 cancel, 17 no shows 
$30,456 
Above 
517 
Cold 
Dec. 24 
• 
Early jazz 
PM 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Both busy 
• 
Normal 
Sat. 
• 
cancel, 9 no shows 
$5,704 
Below 
185 
Rainy, 30s 
Dec. 26 
• 
All 
AM 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Slow 
• 
Normal 
02010 BR Guest LLC 
UAAdmin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NriMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleIDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588607
--- PAGE 7 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 7 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Sat. 
Dec. 26 
PM 
• 
127 cancel, 46 no shows 
• All 
• 
Regulars, tourists 
• 
Slow 
• 
Normal 
$28,892 
Below 
477 
Cold 
Sun. 
Dec. 27 
AM 
• 
cancel, 13 no shows 
• 
All slow jazz 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Both light 
• 
Brunch 
$10,183 
Below 
446 
Sunny, 50s 
Sun. 
Dec. 27 
PM 
• 
cancel, 15 no shows 
• 
Jazz early, both later 
• 
Regulars 
• 
Jazz early slow main full 
died early 9PM 
• 
Normal 
$22,452 
Above 
402 
Warmer, 
High 30s 
Mon. 
Dec. 28 
AM 
• 6 cancel, 12 no shows 
• All 
• 
Regulars, tourists 
• 
Quiet 
• 
Normal 
$8,478 
Above 
248 
Sunny, 
Colder 
Mon. 
Dec. 28 
PM 
• 61 cancel, 23 no shows 
• All 
• 
Regulars, tourists 
• 
Quiet 
• 
Normal 
$19,461 
Below 
316 
Cold 
Christmas 2009 Staff Information 
N/A 
Christmas 2009 Notes 
N/A 
©2010 BR Guest LLC 
UMdmin Restaurants'aestauranteBWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588608
--- PAGE 8 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 8 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Christmas — Thursday, December 25th 2008 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Mon. 
• 
cancel 
$9,434 
Above 
221 
Cloudy, 30 
Dec. 22 
• 
After 1:30PM 
AM 
• 
Regular 
• 
Push 12:30PM-2PM 
• 
N/A 
Mon. 
• 
Normal 
$19,250 
Normal 
285 
Clear, 30 
Dec. 22 
• 
All 
PM 
• 
Family 
• 
Slow after 8:30PM 
• 
N/A 
Tues. 
• 7 cancel 
$10,621 
Above 
146 
Clear, 20s 
Dec. 23 
• 
After 11:30 
AM 
• Regular 
• 
Light start, push 1PM-2PM 
• 
N/A 
Tues. 
• 
cancelled, 16 no shows 
$22,366 
Below 
343 
Cloudy, 
Dec. 23 
• 
After 9PM 
20s 
PM 
• 
Regulars and tourists 
• 
Push came 8PM 
• 
Specials a hit! 
Wed. 
• 
no shows spread out 
$6,105 
Below 
154 
Rainy, 40s 
Dec. 24 
• 
All 
AM 
• 
Tourists and families 
• 
No real push 
• 
N/A 
02010 BR Guest LLC 
UAAdmin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NriMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleIDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588609
--- PAGE 9 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 9 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Wed. 
Dec. 24 
PM
Fri. 
Dec. 26 
AM 
• 
no shows 
• 
Early pre 6PM 
• 
Families
• 
Earl lighter later was 
busier 
• N/A 
S32,249 
Above 
509 
Cloudy, 
40S 
• 0/0 Normal 
• 
Early and middle 
• 
Tourists, shoppers 
• 
Early very slow, late lunch 
busy 
• N/A 
$6,544 
Below 
199 
Sunny, 30S 
Fri. 
• 
Normal 
$26,355 
Normal 
413 
Clear, 30s 
Dec. 26 
PM 
• 
After 8:30PM 
• 
Families, tourists 
• 
Steady — push 
• N/A 
Sat. 
• 
Not many 
$10,738 
Below 
262 
Clouds, 40 
Dec. 27 
AM 
• 
All 
• 
Families, tourists 
• 
Push 3PM-4:30PM 
• N/A 
Sat. 
• 
Normal 
$33,006 
Below 
519 
Clouds, 30 
Dec. 27 
PM 
• 
Later-after 9:30PM 
• Families 
• Steady 7-9PM 
• 
N/A 
Sun. 
• 
Normal 
$11,828 
Below 
506 
Clear, 60 
Dec. 28 
AM 
• All 
• Families, tourists 
• 
Few walk-ins 
• N/A 
Sun. 
• Normal 
$17,014 
Normal 
386 
Clouds, 30 
Dec. 28 
PM 
• 
All 
• 
Tourists 
• Push 5:30PM-6:30PM 
slow 
• N/A 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
UAAdmin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588610
--- PAGE 10 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 10 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Christmas 2008 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
12/22/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
+1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
12/23/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
UMdmin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588611
--- PAGE 11 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 11 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
12/24/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
+1 
12/26/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
+1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
UMdmin Restaurants'aestaurants1BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588612
--- PAGE 12 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 12 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
12/27/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
12/28/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-2 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
UMdmin Restaurants'aestaurants1BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588613
--- PAGE 13 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 13 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
12/29/08 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
+2 
+1 
Christmas 2008 Notes 
Table Sizes:  Normal — Increase LPs 
Large Party Policies:  Normal 
Confirmations:  Start confirming Christmas Eve 2 days out 
Walk-ins: Mostly late AM walk-ins 
Extra Supplies Needed: N/A 
Payroll: Normal 
Linen Order: N/A 
Change Order: N/A 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat Check: N/A 
Menu Served: Normal 
Time Open: Close 10PM 12/24 All other normal 
Additional notes: Watch AM cuts, especially the 2691-289), Many late walk-ins DO NOT cut until 3PM 
®20I0 BR Guest LLC 
UMdmin Restaurants'aestaurants BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588614
--- PAGE 14 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 14 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Christmas — Tuesday, December 25th 2007 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Mon. 
• 
Early/Late 
$7,393 
Below 
208 
Cold, Low 
Dec. 24 
• 
All 
40s 
AM 
• 
Slow start 
• 
Slower than normal 
• 
lunch 
Mon. 
• 
No — all came in 
$35,462 
Above 
572 
Cold, Low 
Dec. 24 
• 
None —w/ holidays hrs 
40s 
PM 
• 
Lots of tourists, foreign 
guests 
• 
Busy all night, 10 push © 
5:30pm 
• 
Normal 
Tues. 
• 
No cxl or no shows 
$7,569 
Below 
173 
Cold, Rain 
Dec. 26 
• 
All day 
Late 
AM 
• 
All 
Slow 
• 
Afternoon 
• 
lunch 
Tues. 
Dec. 26 
• 
cancel, 39 no shows 
• 
All day 
$26,557 
Below 
472 
Cold, with 
off/on rain 
PM 
• 
Regulars, holiday 
shoppers 
• 
Normal (slow) 
• 
Normal 
Thurs. 
• 
Normal 
$13,409 
Above 
309 
Cool, Mid 
Dec. 27 
• 
Early 
40s 
AM 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Slow start busy late finish 
@2010 BR Guest LLC 
UAAdmin Restaurants'aestaurants‘BWGNY‘MANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleIDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588615
--- PAGE 15 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 15 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Thurs. 
Dec. 27 
PM 
• 6 cancel, 51 no shows 
• 
Early and late 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Slow 
• 
Normal 
$32,806 
Below 
515 
Cool with 
rain 
Fri. 
Dec. 28 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Early 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Steady all day 
• 
N/A 
$13,405 
Normal 
309 
Cloudy, 
50s 
Fri. 
Dec. 28 
PM 
• 
cancel, 65 no shows 
• 
late 
• 
tourists 
• 
steady early, slow late 
• 
Normal 
$38,369 
Below 
617 
Cool with 
rain 
Christmas 2007 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
12/24/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
+1 
+1 
+1 
12/26/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
UMdmin Restaurants'aestaurants1BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588616
--- PAGE 16 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 16 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
12/27/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM WORKED 
CHANGES 
12/28/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Christmas 2007 Notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Table Sizes:  Many large parties all week 6-10s 
Large Party Policies:  Normal 
Confirmations:  Normal 
Walk-ins: All week many walk-ins for lunches 
Extra Supplies Needed: None 
Time Open: Normal 
Additional notes: Xmas eve — AM normal, PM busy must have full staff 
1st PM after Christmas lunch very slow, below 2 4 to start went w/9 brunches, 2n° day after Christmas, 
beginning of the week late hit, don't cut too early, still a little slow than normal. 
3rd day which was a Fri but like a Sat w/ late lunch parties. 
Sat/Sun lunch — pushes after 1pm, very slow to start, watch cuts. 
Sat/Sun PM — slow to normal PM, pushes from 7-9:30 early cuts, full staffing 
@2010 BR Guest LLC 
UMdmin Restaurants'aestaurants BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588617
--- PAGE 17 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 17 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
New Years Eve — Thursday, December 31st 2009 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Tues. 
Dec. 29 
AM 
• 
cancel, 2 no shows 
• 
All 
• 
Regulars, tourists 
• 
Light 
• 
Normal 
$8,340 
Normal 
202 
Sunny, 20s 
Tues. 
Dec. 29 
AM 
• 46 cancel, 30 no shows 
• 
All 
• 
Regulars, tourists 
• 
Busy, steady, leisurely 
lunch. Nice wines out 
• 
Normal 
$22,898 
Slightly 
Below 
385 
Cold 
Teens/20s 
Wed. 
Dec. 30 
AM 
• 
cancel, 4 no shows 
• iPM-3PM 
• 
Regulars, tourists 
• 
Early push then faded, 
busy, lots of wine sales, 
bar very busy 
• 
Normal 
$10,903 
Below 
249 
Rain, 30s 
Wed. 
Dec. 30 
AM 
• 99 cancel, 22 no shows 
• 
Main early/late jazz all 
• 
Regulars, tourists 
• 
Steady 
• 
Normal 
$28,579 
Below 
500 
Sunny, 20s 
Thurs. 
Dec. 31 
PM 
• N/A 
• 
N/A 
• 
Tourists, young 
• 
Steady both seatings 
• 
All pre-fix and raw bar 
S76,679 
Above 
514 
Cold, 
Teens/20s 
I 
02010 BR Guest LLC 
UAAdmin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NriMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleIDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588618
--- PAGE 18 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 18 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Sat. 
Jan. 2 
AM 
• 
cancel, 10 no shows 
• Aii 
• 
Regulars, tourists 
• 
Slow, steady 
• 
Normal 
$11,626 
Normal 
348 
Cold, 
Snowy 
Sat. 
• 
112 cancel, 46 no shows 
$33,023 
Normal 
584 
Cold, 
Jan. 2 
• 
Early, late 
Teens-20s 
PM 
• 
Regular, tourists 
• 
Steady 
• 
Normal 
Sun. 
• 
cancel, 14 no shows 
$9,254 
Below 
400 
Cold, 
Jan. 3 
• Aii 
Windy, 20s 
AM 
• 
Regular 
• 
Slow 
• 
Normal 
Sun. 
• 27 cancel, 2 no shows 
$8,698 
Below 
155 
Cold, 
Jan. 3 
• All 
Teens-20s 
PM 
• 
Regular 
• 
Slow 
• 
Normal 
New Years Eve 2009 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
12/31/09 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
@2010 BR Guest LLC 
UAAdmin Restaurants'aestaurants1BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doe 
EFTA00588619
--- PAGE 19 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 19 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
New Years Eve 2009 Notes 
Table Sizes:  Mostly 2-4-change out tables on jazz along back wall 
Large Party Policies: All tables held with credit card authorization fax 
Confirmations:  Start 3 days out 
Walk-ins: Few walk-ins NYE 
Extra Supplies Needed: N/A 
Payroll: Cut hosts by 12PM phone host 9PM hits at 7:30PM and 9:30PM staffing appropriate 
Linen Order: 1400 black napkins, approx. 35 black aprons 
Change Order: 6,000 extra ($39,000 total pieces) because of three day weekend 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat Check: Smooth 
Menu Served: Pre-fix New Years Eve, raw bar/sushi a la carte 
Time Open: 6PM — Had only 6 tables at 6PM 
Additional notes: Balloons lousy. Started dropping 7PM.Either had bad helium or blow up balloons 
later. Balloon blowers need to be limited to adults only maximum of 25 adults and supervised by 
Theo. Added 15 2tops onto main floor. 13 2tops in jazz. Sold 16 more bottles of champagne than 
previous year (25 all day) 
4:20[0 BR Guest LLC 
U:\Admin Restaurants \Restaurants BWG NIAMANAGER \Monthly Planning Schcclulc1DECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588620
--- PAGE 20 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 20 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
New Years Eve — Wednesday, December 31st 2008 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Mon. 
Dec. 29 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
All 
• 
Families, new 
• 
Small push 1PM-2PM 
• 
N/A 
$8,153 
Above 
213 
Sunny, 30 
Mon. 
Dec. 29 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
After 8:30PM 
• 
Families 
• 
Push 7-8PM — slow 
• 
N/A 
$27,406 
Above 
404 
Clear, 30 
Tues. 
Dec. 30 
AM 
• Normal 
• 
After 1:30PM 
• Regular 
• 
Slow after 3PM 
• 
N/A 
$9,019 
Above 
238 
Sunny, 40 
Tues. 
Dec. 30 
AM 
• 
Few 
• 
All 
• 
Families, tourists 
• 
N/A 
• 
N/A 
$24,820 
Below 
413 
Clear, 40 
Wed. 
Dec. 31 
AM 
• 
None 
• 
All 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Steady , few walk-ins 
• 
N/A 
$5,774 
Below 
147 
Snow, 30 
02010 BR Guest LLC 
UAAdmin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NriMANAGER1Monthly Planning ScheduleIDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588621
--- PAGE 21 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 21 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Mon. 
Dec. 31 
AM 
• 
Few 
• 
N/A 
• 
Regulars and new 
• 
N/A 
• 
N/A 
$52,098 
Above 
421 
Snow, 20 
Tues. 
Jan. 1 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
After 3PM 
• 
Tourists 
• 
N/A 
• 
N/A 
$11,768 
Normal 
523 
Clear, 40 
Tues. 
Jan. 1 
PM 
• 
Few 
• 
All 
• 
New and tourists 
• 
N/A 
• 
N/A 
$21,607 
Normal 
389 
N/A 
Wed. 
Jan. 2 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
All 
• 
Regular 
• 
Late 2:30PM push 
• 
N/A 
$7,076 
Normal 
183 
Clouds, 30 
Wed. 
Jan. 2 
PM 
• 
Few 
• 
After 9PM 
• 
Families 
• 
Slow - push — slow 
• 
N/A 
$25,127 
Below 
425 
Clear, 30 
Thurs. 
Jan. 3 
AM 
• 
Few 
• 
All 
• 
Families, tourists 
• 
N/A 
• 
N/A 
$9,328 
Below 
279 
Sunny, 30 
Thurs. 
Jan. 3 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
5PM-7PM 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Steady/full all night 
• 
N/A 
$31,986 
Below 
535 
Clear, 20 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
UMdmin Restaurants'aestaurants1BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588622
--- PAGE 22 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 22 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
New Years Eve 2008 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
12129/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
12/30/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
UMdmin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588623
--- PAGE 23 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 23 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
12/31/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
1/1/09 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
UMdmin Restaurants'aestaurants1BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588624
--- PAGE 24 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 24 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
1/2/09 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
1/3/09 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
UMdmin Restaurants'aestaurants1BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588625
--- PAGE 25 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 25 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
1/4/09 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
New Years Eve 2008 Notes 
Table Sizes:  Mostly 2-4-change out tables on jazz along back wall 
Large Party Policies:  All tables held with credit card authorization fax 
Confirmations:  Start 3 days out 
Walk-ins: Few walk-ins NYE 
Extra Supplies Needed: N/A 
Payroll: Early PM cuts most days 
Linen Order: Normal 
Change Order: $10k bump for NYE 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat Check: Staffed 100% extra racks/hangers, etc. 
Menu Served: 3 course pre-fix New Years Eve 
Time Open: Normal 
Additional notes: Lunches all week small push late - still able to cut. Have extra host for New Years 
Eve reservations. 
®20I0 BR Guest LLC 
UAAdmin Restaurants'aestaurants1BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588626
--- PAGE 26 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 26 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
New Years Eve — Monday, December 31st 2007 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sat. 
Dec. 29 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
All 
• 
Regular 
• 
Steady after 1PM 
• 
N/A 
$11,697 
Below 
328 
Sunny, 50s 
Sat. 
Dec. 29 
PM 
• 
SS 
• 
Late steady 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Late was very slow 
• 
Normal 
$39,288 
Below 
673 
Warm 
Sun. 
Dec. 30 
AM 
• Late 
• Regular, tourists, families 
• 
Slow — busy after 2 
• 
N/A 
$14,604 
Below 
617 
Rainy, 40s 
Sun. 
Dec. 30 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Late — after 9 
• 
Families, young 
• 
Steady/wait until 9 
• 
N/A 
$38,102 
Above 
557 
Rain, 30s 
Mon. 
Dec. 31 
AM 
• None 
• 
Early 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Slow start, push @ pm 
$6,099 
Below 
155 
Cloudy, 
30s 
Mon. 
Dec. 31 
AM 
• 
New Years Eve — pre-paid 
• 
X NA 
• 
Regular, Old & Young 
• 
Slow early 
$75,951.69 
N/A 
708 
Rainy 
@2010 BR Guest LLC 
UAAdmin Restaurants'Restaurants\BWG NriMANAGER\Monthly Planning ScheduleIDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588627
--- PAGE 27 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 27 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
Tues. 
Jan. 1 
AM 
• 
cancelled covers 
• 
Late 
• 
Families 
• 
Slow, busy until 2 
• 
N/A 
$14,358 
Normal 
558 
Cloudy, 
30s 
Tues. 
Jan. 1 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
All 
• 
Regular 
• 
Slow all evening, early 
cuts 
$15,462 
Below 
268 
Cloudy, 
30s 
New Years Eve 2007 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
12/29/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
12/30/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+7 
+2 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
+1 
+1 
O2010 BR Guest LLC 
UMdmin Restaurants\Restaurants\BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588628
--- PAGE 28 ---
As of 11/16/10 
Page 28 of 28 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
DECEMBER 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
12/31/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
1/1/08 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
+1 
+1 
New Years Eve 2007 Notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
-1 
Table Sizes:  Many large parties all week 6-10s 
Large Party Policies:  Normal 
Confirmations:  Normal 
Walk-ins: All week many walk-ins for lunches 
Extra Supplies Needed: None 
Time Open: Normal 
Additional notes: Xmas eve — AM normal, PM busy must have full staff 
lst PM after Christmas lunch very slow, below 2nd to start went w/9 brunches, 2"6 day after Christmas, 
beginning of the week late hit, don't cut too early, still a little slow than normal. 
3rd day which was a Fri but like a Sat w/ late lunch parties. 
Sat/Sun lunch — pushes after 1pm, very slow to start, watch cuts. 
Sat/Sun PM — slow to normal PM, pushes from 7-9:30 early cuts, full staffing 
Mon lunch — stop seating at 2:15 — many NYE walk-ins 12-3 
NYE dinner: Sold out 
®2010 BR Guest LLC 
UMdmin Restaurants'aestaurants BWG NYWANAGER1Monthly Planning Schedule IDECEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588629

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588630.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588630.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 7/9/10 
Page 1 of 3 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
Schedule waiters meeting 3rd Wed. of month at 3 PM.  Have all sign off. 
Schedule busboy and runners meeting 3rd Thurs. of month at 3:30 pm. 
Have all sign off. 
Note: Be sure when having your meetings they are in an area clear of guests. 
Give quarterly food tests to all workers if none given in last 2 weeks. 
Follow through with high T.V and CRM guests with your staff and chefs. 
Advise hosts to call regular lunch (and possibly dinner) quests to see if they're coming in that 
day. We want to make sure we have a special table ready for them, or their regular or desired 
table/section. 
Note: Use the MEMO FIELD in Open Table to indicate these guests preferences re: sitting, 
eating, drinking, etc. 
Manager and Chef Notes: 
VIP Note: Waiters going back to school in August. Don't get caught short like BWG, 
Ocean, and Isabella's did in '97. 50% of their crew left and they didn't plan. You 
must get trailers in by August 10th. Between the 10th and 20th you'll lose 20%-40% of 
your staff. NO BS!! DO NOT PLACE ADS OVER LABOR DAY WEEKEND --
EVERYONE IS AWAY. THE WEEKEND AFTER LABOR DAY RUN AD FOR 
WAITERS, HOSTESSES AND MANAGERS. 
NYU students start moving into the dorms in the area (including the building Blue Water 
Grill is in) the week before Labor Day. 
Chefs: Cfm you have a complete set of oyster tags for display. 
Cfm all oysters for month are in index. 
Be sure to advice Andrew of any changes in the Jazz Room schedule eg. closed 
Monday, Labor Day so she can adjust booking schedule accordingly. 
"Gift Show" at Javitz Center. (Call 216-2000) Be prepared to be busier. 
Also, in hot temperatures turn on all HVAC units as early as 9AM by pressing 3 hour 
override. This will give the system a chance to cool down the restaurant before the heat 
sets in. Starting the units any later in the morning puts too much stress on the system. 
Have Arista come in & refill coolant tanks for all. 
Need to polish all brass more frequently 
O2010 B.R. Guest LLC 
Restaurants1Restaurants1BWG NYMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduletAUGUST.doc 
EFTA00588630
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 7/9/10 
Page 2 of 3 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Servers 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Cocktail 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM 
PM 
AM 
PM 
AM 
PM 
AM 
PM 
AM 
PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Svc. 
Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Host 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Busser 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Runner 
Scheduled 
©2010 B.R. Guest LLC 
U:1Admin ReslaurantsiRestauranisISWG NYi.PAANAGERtMonthly Planning Schedule%AUGUST.doc 
EFTA00588631
--- PAGE 3 ---
.As of 7/9/10 
Page 3 of 3 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
AUGUST 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Coffee 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Barback 
Scheduled 
IMPORTANT DATES 
 US Open Tennis Magazine (Racquet Magazine) 
US (Tenni8) Open: Always starts the Monday before Labor Day 
Race for The Cure 
To cfm date, call: 
The Susan Komen Breast Cancer Foundation - 212-293-2873 
Men's "Market Week" — 2"d Week in August 
Be prepared to be busier. 
West Side Chamber of Commerce Party 
(following Columbus Fair) — In November? 
Two weeks prior: Contact Andrew Albert 541-8880 or 917-770-9661 to confirm if, and 
how many, will attend. 
NY Film Festival opening night party - Third week in September. 
Call to confirm. 
Crafts Fair - Saturdays and Sundays last week in September and first two weekends in 
October. 
©2010 B.R. Guest LLC 
U:lAdmin Restaurants‘RestaurantsIBWG NYVAANAGERIMonthly Planning Schedule1AUGUST.doc 
EFTA00588632

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588633.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588633.pdf
----------------------------------------
As of 1/2112011 
Page 1 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Schedule waiters meeting 3rd Wed. of month at 3 pm.  Have all sign off. Schedule busboy and 
runners meeting 3rd Tues. of month at 3:30 pm. Have all sign off. 
Note: Be sure when having your meetings they are in an area clear of quests so as not to be 
rude. Give quarterly food tests to all workers if none given in last 2 weeks. 
Follow through with high T.V, and CRM guests with your staff and chefs. 
Advise hostesses to call regular lunch (and possibly dinner) quests to see if they're coming in 
that day. We want to make sure we have a special table ready for them, or their regular or 
desired table/section. 
Note: Use the MEMO FIELD in Open Table to indicate these guests preferences re: sitting, 
eating, drinking, etc. 
Manager and Chef Notes: 
Be on top of café supplies (salt & peppers, sugar caddies, ashtrays) even when the 
weather gets cooler. 
Cafe Season: 
On cooler days more attention needs to be placed on getting the café sat. If you find it 
difficult to seat the café the following are options to get the ball rolling: 
• When guests are waiting on a table inside offer to serve them coffee in the café 
(they can sit and re-lax) 
• Think smart, offer café tables to younger guests 
• Offer a young couple while the café is still empty to buy them lunchlbrunch 
Once the first table is seated other parties are more apt to sit. You'll be surprised of the 
domino effect. 
NYU students start moving into the dorms in the area (including the 
Building Blue Water Grill is in) the week before Labor Day. 
VIP: 
Check portable heaters are all working. Check front door heaters are working - CFM 
maintenance man has 5 extra sensors. 
Check weather everyday, have heaters brought up over night. 
Gas turn-on valve is at the kitchen staff locker room labeled above your head as you go 
down to the Election Room. 
If the temperature drops below 62 degrees at night the heaters 
should be out and on. 
Customers can request to turn them off. 
Only use door at table 28 (not table 3) in this 
weather. 
When the temperature is above 65F degrees, but not warm enough to have all cafe 
doors open, only use cafe doors at table 3 and table 28. 
When the temperature is below 65F degrees, only use the café door at table 28. VIP: 
When seating table 28, in this circumstance you must, advise guests that the door will 
be opening and closing. Reserve this table for walk-ins only. 
Awnings in when sunny and out at night to keep heat in when below 70° 
O2O09 B..R. Guest Inc. 
U:\Admin RestaurantelReataurantalBWG NYVAANAGERIMonthly Planning Schedule1SEPTEMBER.cloc 
EFTA00588633
--- PAGE 2 ---
As of 817/09 
Page 2 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Start scheduling "Weather Permitting" shifts for servers. 
Jazz room opens for brunch the first Sunday after labor day. 
Chefs: Cfm you have a complete set of oyster tags for display. 
Cfm all oysters for month are in index. Chefs VIP: 
Review wistaff: "Most Important Oyster Facts" See U:ALLRESTASEAFOODIOYSTBLRB 
(attached) 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Servers 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Cocktail 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Svc. Bartender 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Host 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Busser 
Scheduled 
O2009 B..R. Guest Inc. 
UMdinin RestaurantsaestaucantslIWG NYVAANAGERIMonthly Planning SchedulelSEPTEMBERAoc 
EFTA00588634
--- PAGE 3 ---
As of 8/7/09 
Page 3 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Runner 
Scheduled 
I 
I 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM AM PM AM PM AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Coffee 
Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM PM 
AM 
PM 
AM PM 
Barback 
Scheduled 
O2009 8..R. Guest. Inc. 
UMdmin Restaurants,Restaurants18WG NYWANAGERIAlonthly Planning ScheduletSEPTEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588635
--- PAGE 4 ---
As of 8/7/09 
Page 4 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Labor Day 2010 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars. Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sat. 
Sept. 4 
AM 
• 
Low reservations, few 
cancellations or no shows 
• 
All times 
• 
Some neighborhood, lots 
of tourists. lots of foreign 
guests 
• 
Slower than an average 
Friday lunch. 
• 
Regular 
$11,582.00 
Slightly 
Below 
360 
80s Sunny 
Sat. 
Sept. 4 
PM 
• 
Normal Saturday night 
with a push around 8pm. 
• 
All times. 
• 
Some neighborhood, lots 
of tourists. lots of foreign 
guest. 
• 
Early normal and died out 
to a slow finish. 
• 
Regular 
$34 228 00 
Normal 
609 
70's 
Sun. 
Sept. 5 
AM 
• 
Low reservations, normal 
cancellations and no 
show. 
• 
All times 
• 
Some neighborhood, some 
tourists, lots of foreigners. 
• 
Ok brunch 
• 
Regular menu 
$12,018.05 
Slightly 
Below 
488 
80's sunny 
Sun. 
Sept. 5 
PM 
• 
Low reservations, normal 
cancellations and no 
shows. 
• 
All times 
• 
Some neighborhood, lots 
$26,996.25 
Slightly 
Below 
447 
80's Sunny 
C,2009 B.. R. Gun . Inc. 
U:kAdmin RestaurantstRestaurants18WG NrMANAGERIalonthly Planning ScheclulelSEPTEhIBER.doc 
EFTA00588636
--- PAGE 5 ---
As of 8/7/09 
Page 5 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
tourists, some foreign 
guests. 
• 
Early normal, very slow 
late night 
• 
Verbal additions to regular 
menu. 
Mon. 
Sept. 6 
AM 
• 
Normal reservations to 
start, come cancellations 
and no shows. 
• 
Early until 2pm 
• 
Some neighborhood, lots 
of tourists, lots of foreign 
guests. 
• 
Early slow, after 2pm lots 
of walk-ins, big push until 
5:30pm. 
• 
Verbal additions to the 
regular menu. 
$14,613.47 
Below 
501 
80s, Sunny 
Beautiful 
Mon. 
Sept. 6 
PM 
• 
Normal reservations to 
start, some cancels and no 
shows. 
• 
Alltimes 
• 
Some neighborhoods, 
foreigners and tourists. 
• 
Low number of 
reservations, very small 
number of walk-ins. slow 
through out the evening. 
• 
Verbal additions to the 
regular menu. 
$15,872.95 
Below 
237 
80's 
iti2009 8..R. Guest. Inc. 
WAchnin Restaurants,Restaurants18WG NYWANAGERIAlonthly Planning ScheduletSEPTEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588637
--- PAGE 6 ---
As of 8/7/09 
Page 6 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Labor Day 2010 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
Shift 
Sales 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Barbacks 
Coat 
Check 
Managers 
Shift 
Sales 
September 4, 2010- Saturday 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
- 
_ 
- 
$8,691.60 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
- 
- 
- 
$34,074.95 
September 6,2010- Monday 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
142 
$8176.59 
$11,750.45 
September 5,2010- Sunday 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
- 
- 
- 
$7,980.81 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
- 
- 
- 
$20,364.72 
2009 B R Guest. Inc 
•st 
tts'Restaurants1BWG NYNANAGERIAlonthly Planning Schedule'SEPTEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588638
--- PAGE 7 ---
As of 817/09 
Page 7 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Labor Day 2010 Notes 
Table sizes: Very few large parties of 5 and more. Very few numbers of walk-ins. 
Large Party Policies: No changes. 
Confirmations: Limited number of walk-ins. All large reservations confirmed, few no shows. 
Walk-ins: Most walk-ins from 7 to 7pm. 
Extra Supplies Needed: No changes. 
Payroll: Slow- look at staffing changes for appropriate staffing- Cuts should be made for AM and PM 
especially for jazz room. 
Linen Order: Normal- less than normal. 
Change Order: None. 
Rain Tickets: None. 
Coat Check: None. 
Menu: Regular Menu with holiday inspired specials. 
Time open: Regular hours 
Additional Misc. Notes:  None. 
O2009 B..R. Guest. Inc. 
Restaurantsgiestaurants1BWG NYVAANAGEMMontlily Planning Schedute\SEPTEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588639
--- PAGE 8 ---
As of 8/7/09 
Page 8 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Labor Day 2008 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, 
Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Thurs. 
Aug 29 
AM 
• 0 cancel, 8 no shows 
• All 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Steady walk-in 2-4 
• 
N/A 
$9,625 
Below 
292 
80s 
Thurs. 
Aug 29 
PM 
• 
cancel, 23 no shows 
• 
5-6PM. early 
• 
Tourists, older people 
• 
Slow early business, busy 
middle, slow late 
• 
A lot of specials sold 
$35,619 
Below 
561 
80s, Clear 
Fri. 
Aug 30 
AM 
• 
cancel 0 no show 
• 
All 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Steady then push 
• 
N/A 
$13,334 
Below 
366 
85, 
Overcast 
Cloudy 
Sat. 
Aug 30 
PM 
• 
cancelled, 84 no shows 
• 
Early 
• 
Regulars, locals, some 
tourists 
• 
Slow early, busy lots of 
walk-ins late 
• Specials and steaks 
$44,354 
Below 
715 
80s, 
Overcast 
Humid 
Sun. 
Aug 31 
AM 
• 34 cancelled, 34 no shows 
• All 
• 
Tourists 
• 
Slow all day 
• N/A 
$12,905 
Below 
501 
80s, Sunny 
Beautiful 
O2009 B.. R. Guest. Inc. 
U:lAdmin RestaurantslRestaurantslaWG NYWANAGERIAlonthly Planning ScheclulelSEPTEMBER.do< 
EFTA00588640
--- PAGE 9 ---
As of 8/7/09 
Page 9 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Sun. 
Aug 31 
PM
• 
cancelled, 50 no shows 
• All 
• All 
• 
Steady all night 
• 
A lot of specials and raw 
bar 
$29,676 
Below 
543 
80s, 
Beautiful 
Mon. 
Sept 1 
AM 
• 
cancel, 0 no show 
• 
All 
• 
Tourists, neighborhood 
• 
Slow early push from 2-
4:30pm 
• 
Specials 
$13,167 
Below 
383 
80s 
Beautiful 
Mon. 
Sept 1 
PM
• 
cancelled, 2 no shows 
• 
All 
• All 
• 
Slow all evening 
• 
Raw bar specials 
$19,081 
Below 
327 
80s, 
Beautiful 
Labor Day 2008 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
8/29/08 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-2 
_ 
- 
. 
- 
_ 
- 
_ 
- 
_ 
- 
8/30/08 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
_ 
- 
_ 
- 
_ 
- 
_ 
- 
_ 
- 
02000 B..R. Guest, Inc. 
RestaurantegiestaurantalBWG NYVAANAGEMMonthly Planning Schedule1SEPTEMBER.cloc 
EFTA00588641
--- PAGE 10 ---
As of 8/7/09 
Page 10 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
8/31/08 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
9/1/08 
AM WORKED 
CHANGES 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
. 
- 
. 
- 
Labor Day 2008 Notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-2 
+1 
-1 
-1 
- 
- 
-1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Table sizes: N/A 
Large Party Policies: N/A 
Confirmations: Confirm Thurs for all weekend 
Walk-ins: All walk-ins light books all weekend 
Extra Supplies Needed: N/A 
Payroll: Early cuts AM/PM 
Linen Order: N/A 
Change Order: Get change/ pc for entire weekend Thurs 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat Check: N/A 
Menu: Special BBQ/Labor day Sat-Mon PM 
Time open: Normal 
Additional Misc. Notes:  Fri-Sun AM Slow — light books, Late push, after 2 — not overwhelming, Mon 
AM 2:30-4:30PM busy many walk-ins, Fri-Mon PM Slower than normal, Early cuts 
O2009 B.. R. Guest. Inc. 
RestaurantstRestaurantalBWG NYVAANAGERIMontlily Planning Schedule1SEPTEMBER.cloc 
EFTA00588642
--- PAGE 11 ---
As of 8/7/09 
Page 11 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Labor Day Weekend — Friday August 31st- Monday September 3rd, 2007 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could 
you overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars. Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Fri. 
Aug 31 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Early, late 
• All 
• 
Slow early and late pop 
• 
Lunch 
$12, 607 
Above 
287 
Hot 80's 
Fri. 
Aug 31 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Late 
• 
AN 
• 
Steady 
• 
Dinner 
$39, 158 
Above 
639 
Low 80's 
Saturday 
Sept 1 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• Early 
• 
AN 
• 
Slow start, steady 
afternoon 
$14, 192 
Above 
437 
Hot 80's 
Saturday 
Sept. 1 
PM 
• 
After 9pm 
• 
Late 
• 
AN 
• 
Steady 
• 
Dinner 
$43, 683 
Above 
600 
Warm 70's 
Sunday 
Sept.2 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Early 
• 
All 
• 
Slow start, steady 
• 
Brunch 
$15, 933 
Above 
611 
Low 80's 
Sunday 
Sep. 2 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Late 
• 
Regulars, tourists 
• Mer 10, slow and steady 
$39, 782 
Above 
697 
Sunny 
G2009 B..R. Guest, Inc. 
U:1Admin RestaurantslRestaurantsi8WG alY)MANAGER1Alonthly Planning schedule'SEPTEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588643
--- PAGE 12 ---
As of 8/7/09 
Page 12 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Monday 
Sept. 3 
AM 
• Normal 
• 
Busy lunch throughout 
transition 
• 
Tourists, regulars 
• 
Busy transition 
$15, 316 
Above 
444 
Sunny 80 
Monday 
• 
Normal 
$29, 166 
Normal 
501 
Clear 80's 
Sept. 3 
• 
Late 
PM 
• 
Regular 
• 
Steady until 10pm 
Tuesday 
• 
None 
$6, 176 
Below 
165 
Sunny 
Sept. 3 
• 
All 
AM 
• 
Regular 
• 
Slow all day 
Tuesday 
• 
Normal 
$23, 490 
Below 
380 
Clear 80's 
Sept. 3 
• 
All 
PM 
• 
Regular 
• 
Steady 6-8 
Labor Day Weekend 2007 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
DATE: 
8/31/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
- 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
- 
9/2/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
9/1/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
+1 
9/3/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-
-
-
-
+1 
-
-
- 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
O2009 B..R. Guest, Inc. 
U:lAdmin RestaurantstRestaurants1BWG NYIMANAGERIMonthly Planning ScheduleISEPTEMBER.cloc 
EFTA00588644
--- PAGE 13 ---
As of 817/09 
Page 13 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
9/4/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-1 
-1 
-1 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Labor Day Weekend 2007 Notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
Walk ins:  Monday morning mostly walk ins. Monday night was mostly reservations. 
Payroll-, No cuts Monday morning. Sunday night and Monday night early cuts. Cut staffing for Friday 
and Saturday. 
Additional Misc. Notes:  Friday and Saturday morning was slow, cut staff. Monday lunch was busy 
through transition. Stock up order extra operating supplies. Ran low on paper towels and toilet paper. 
Same with kitchen Sunday night was busy, like two Saturdays in a row, 
@2009 B..R. Guest. Inc. 
Restaurantsgiestaurants1BWG NYVAANAGEMMontlily Planning Schedute\SEPTEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588645
--- PAGE 14 ---
As of 8/7/09 
Page 14 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Yom Kippur - Saturday, Sept. 21, 2007 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sat. 
Sept. 21 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Late 
• 
All 
• 
Steady died early 
• 
Lunch 
$11,505 
Above 
322 
Hot sunny 
Sat. 
Sept. 21 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Late 
• 
All 
. 
Steady, very slow late 
• 
None 
$43, 186 
Above 
652 
Warm 70's 
Sun. 
Sept. 22 
AM 
• Normal 
• Early 
• All 
• 
Busy 3:30-5 
• 
Normal 
$112, 610 
Average 
332 
Warm 70's 
Sun. 
Sept. 22 
PM 
• Normal 
• Early 
• All 
• 
Many late walk ins 
• 
All 
$48,538 
Above 
803 
Nice 70's 
O2009 B..R. Guest Inc. 
U:\Admin Restaurants,Restaurants18WG NYWANAGERIAlonthly Planning SchedulOSEPTEMBER.cloa 
EFTA00588646
--- PAGE 15 ---
As of 8/7/09 
Page 15 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Yom Kippur 2007 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
9/21/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
9/22/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Yom Kippur 2007 Notes 
Walk ins: Friday during transition AM to PM it slowed after sundown. Saturday was steady early, 
really picked up after 8pm. 
Payroll: Staffed appropriately 
O2009 B.. R. Guest. Inc. 
RestaurantstRestaurantalBWG NYVAANAGERIMontlily Planning Schedule1SEPTEMBER.cloc 
EFTA00588647
--- PAGE 16 ---
As of 8/7/09 
Page 16 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Rosh Hashanah 2008 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Mon. 
Sept. 29 
AM 
• 0 cancel, 7 no show 
• 
All 
• 
Some business nothing 
else 
• 
None 
• 
N/A 
$4,946 
Below 
134 
Cloudy, 75 
Mon. 
Sept. 29 
PM 
• 0 cancel, 13 no show 
• 
N/A 
• 
Old, no regulars 
• 
None 
• 
N/A 
$17,653 
Below 
290 
Cloudy, 75 
Tues. 
Sept. 30 
AM 
• 
cancel, 16 no show 
• 
All 
• 
Regulars and tourists 
• 
None 
• 
N/A 
$9,672 
Normal 
271 
Cloudy 
Tues. 
Sept. 30 
PM 
• 
cancel, 27 no show 
• 
All 
• 
Old 
• 
None 
• 
N/A 
$25,755 
Below 
310 
Rainy 
Rosh Hashanah 2008 Staff Information 
N/A 
Rosh Hashanah 2008 Notes 
N/A 
2009 B.. R. Guest. Inc. 
U:1Admin RestaurantstRestaurants1BWG NYIMANAGERtAlonthly Planning Schedule'SEPTEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588648
--- PAGE 17 ---
As of 8/7/09 
Page 17 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Rosh Hashanah 
— Friday September 12, 2007 
SALES 
WERE 
SALES 
ABOVE 
NORMAL 
OR 
BELOW 
NORMAL 
COVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/N/S, if so give 
exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you 
overbook? 
Who were your guests? 
Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Wed. 
Sept. 12 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
All 
• 
Regular 
• 
Steady early slow late 
$9, 390 
Normal 
264 
Sunny 80 
Wed. 
Sept. 12 
PM 
Thur. 
Sept. 
AM 
• 
Normal 
• 
Early 5-7 
• 
Regular 
• 
Slow early 
$38, 129 
Slightly 
below 
574 
Clear 70 
• 
Normal 
• 
Early 11:30-12:30 
• 
Regular 
• 
Steady 12-4 
$10, 757 
Normal 
298 
Sunny 75 
Thur. 
Sept. 
PM 
• 
Normal 
• 
All 
• 
Regular 
• 
Slow pre sunset 
$29, 052 
Below 
441 
Clear 70 
C2009 8..R. Guest. Inc. 
U:Ukcimin Restaurants,Restaurants18WG NYWANAGERIAlonthly Planning ScheduletSEPTEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588649
--- PAGE 18 ---
As of 8/7/09 
Page 18 of 18 
BLUE WATER GRILL 
MONTHLY MANAGER PLANNING SCHEDULE 
SEPTEMBER 
Rosh Hashanah 2007 Staff Information 
DATE: 
Servers 
Bar 
Bussers 
Runners 
Coffee 
Host 
Phone 
Delivery 
CoatCheck 
Managers 
9112/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
- 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
9/13/07 
AM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
- 
Rosh Hashanah 2007 Notes 
PM 
WORKED 
CHANGES 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
- 
Payroll: Wednesday AM early cuts, Wednesday PM same in Jazz. Thursday AM watch cuts. 
Steady lunch then early cuts in PM. 
62009 8..R. Guest. Inc. 
U:kAdmin Restaurants,Restaurants18WG NY1MANAGERIAlonthly Planning ScheduletSEPTEMBER.doc 
EFTA00588650

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588651.pdf
----------------------------------------
Schedule waiters meeting 3RD Wed. of month at 2:30PM. Have all sign off. Schedule busboy and runners 
meeting 3rd Tues. of month at 3:30PM. Have all sign off. 
Note: Be sure when having your meetings they are in an area clear of guests. 
Give quarterly food tests to all workers if none given in last 2 weeks. 
Follow through with high T. V, and CRM guests with your staff and chefs. 
EFTA00588651
--- PAGE 2 ---
Advise hosts to call regular lunch (and possibly dinner) guests to see if they're coming in 
that day. We want to make sure we have a special table ready for them, or their regular or 
desired table/section. 
Note: Use the MEMO FIELD in Open Table to indicate these guests preferences re: sitting, 
eating, drinking, etc. 
Add additional dummy reservations for MS's on Friday and Saturday: 
(2 at 8:30PM , 2 at 9PM, 2 at 9:30PM (4 tops). 
Manager and Chef Notes: 
Watch out for cold weather. Be ready with coat check and supplies. 
October 10: Review Perfect Host to reverse overbooking tables, to compensate for the 
loss of outside tables. (M. readjusted March & October.) 
VIP: 
Check portable heaters are all working. Check front door heaters are working - CFM 
maintenance man has 5 extra sensors. 
Turn on main heater for restaurant. Cfm that it's working. Do this at 9am so the smell 
doesn't hurt lunch business. 
If the temperature drops below 62 degrees at night, the heaters should be out and on. 
Customers can request to turn them off. 
Only use door at table 28 (not table 3) in this weather. 
When the temperature is above 65F degrees, but not warm enough to have all café 
doors open, only use café doors at table 3 and table 28. When the temperature is 
below 65F degrees, only use the cafe door at table 28. 
VIP: When seating table 28, in this circumstance you must, advise guests that the door 
will be opening and closing. Reserve this table for walk-ins only. 
"Merchandise 37, 27, 77, 57 = all get breeze. 
If you can't see your breath, staff at least 3 servers in the café. 
Make sure the café is zoned. Never have servers "switch off- tables 
EFTA00588652
--- PAGE 3 ---
Chefs VIP: Confirm you have a complete set of oyster tags for display. Confirm all oysters for month are in 
index. 
EFTA00588653
--- PAGE 4 ---
Managers and Chefs: Put the attached "Dyster Fact" sheet in staff notes and read to staff. 
Chefs: Get ready for Stone Crab Season starting November I. 
(See Doc. attached: U:ANGELMALLRESTISEAFOODICRAB CLAW) 
Managers: 
When Stone Crabs arrive be sure to put on your raw bar inserts. All 
menus: Sunset, Brunch, Lunch & Dinner. Change in menu box. 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMServers 
Scheduled 
1522152216231623162316232322 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMCocktail Scheduled 
1111111 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMBartender Scheduled 
13131323232333 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
11-IU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMSvc. Bartender Scheduled 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMHost Scheduled 
55555555555565 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMBusser Scheduled 
35354646966775 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMRunner Scheduled 
35354646464665 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMCoffee Scheduled 
12121212121222 
MON 
TUE 
WED 
THU 
FRI 
SAT 
SUN 
AMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMAMPMBarback Scheduled 
11111111 
EFTA00588654
--- PAGE 5 ---
Columbus Day 2008 
SALESWERE SALES ABOVE NORMAL OR BELOW NORMALCOVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sun. 
Oct.12 
AMNormal 
Before 1pm 
Regular/ Family 
Steady - push — busy 
N/A$18,160Norma1775Sunny, 75Sun. 
Oct.12 
PM54 covers, 14 cancel 
After 7:30 
Regular 
Steady then slow 
N/A$20,94INormaB77Clear, 60Mon. 
Oct.13 
AMNormal 
All 
Regular 
No push all day 
56,405Normal208Clouds, 70Mon 
Oct.13 
PMNormal 
All 
Regular 
Slow then early cuts 
N/A$14,803Below230Clouds, 70 
Columbus Day 2008 Staff Information 
DATE: 10/12/08 10/13/08AM WORKEDCHANGESPM WORKEDCHANGESAM WORKEDCHANGESPM 
WORKEDCHANGESServers20+119013-116-1Bar203- 2020Bussers5+1403040Runners5+13+13040CoffeeN/AN/ 
AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AHost50403-13-1PhoneN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/ADeliveryN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/ 
AN/AN/ACoatCheckN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AManagersN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/AN/A 
Columbus Day 2008 Notes 
Table sizes: Normal 
EFTA00588655
--- PAGE 6 ---
Large Party Policies: N/A 
Confirmations: Normal 
Walk-ins: Normal 
Extra supplies: Normal 
Payroll: Early cuts1111'
Linen Order: Normal 
Change order: Normal 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat Check: Normal 
Menu Served: Normal/ Brunch additions 
Time Open: Early close jazz room Mon. PM 
Additional Notes: Mon AM — no anticipated "pop", Sun AM/PM - normal for the fall 
Columbus Day 2007 
SALESWERE SALES ABOVE NORMAL OR BELOW NORMALCOVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Sun. 
Oct. 7 
AMNormal 
After 12:30 
Regular, family 
Steady, no real push$20,069Normal Q budget84 I Sunny, 
80sSun. 
Oct. 7 
PMNormal 
All night 
Regular, tourists, older 
Early small push 
Normal$31,451Normal @ budget566Clear, 
60sMon. 
Oct. 8 
AMNone 
All 
Reg. 
Slow all day — small pop mid noon 
X$9,272Normal Q budget272N/AMon 
Oct.8 
PMNormal 
All 
Occasions, regular 
Slow — very slow in jazz 
X$23,280Slow, under budget last year379Clear, 
60sTues. 
Oct. 9 
AMNormal 
All 
Regular/business 
Steady until 3 
X$8,554Normal236Cloudy, 
70sTues. 
Oct.9 
PMNormal 
EFTA00588656
--- PAGE 7 ---
Before 6:30, after 9:30 
Regular/young 
Busy Tuesday 7-9:30$32,378Norma1488Rain, 
60s 
Columbus Day 2007 Staff Information 
DATE:10/7/0710/8/07AM WORKEDCHANGESPM WORKEDCHANGESAM WORKEDCHANGESPM 
WORKEDCHANGESServers2724-
I 520Bar3313Bussers7645Runners6644Coffee2212Host4434Phonell 11 Delivery0000CoatCheck0000Managers2323 
DATE:10/9/07AM WORKEDCHANGESPM WORKEDCHANGESAM WORKEDCHANGESPM 
WORKEDCHANGESServers I4 I 9Bar 1 3Bussers45Runners35Coffee I 2Host24Phone I 1Delivery00CoatCheck00Manag 
ers23 
Columbus Day 2007 Notes 
Table sizes: N/A 
Large Party Policies: Normal 
Confirmations: Normal confirmations 
Walk-ins: All walk-ins 
Extra supplies: N/A 
Payroll: caily cuts @ lunch Mon. and dinner 
Linen Order: Extra 52, 62 for weekend up 51 
Change order: N/A 
Coat Check: N/A 
Menu Served: Normal 
Time Open: Normal 
Additional Notes: Sun PM use Sat night staffing, cut early. Mon AM normal Monday lunch. no push throughout day. 
Mon PM all reservations early normal Mon PM book 
Halloween 2008 
SALESWERE SALES ABOVE NORMAL OR BELOW NORMALCOVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXLJN/S, if so give exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Fri. 
Oct.31 AMNormal Lunch$ I 0,060Norma1224Cool, High 50sFri. 
Oct.31 PMNormal, Busy after 9PM$27,900Below Normal497Cool, High 50s 
EFTA00588657
--- PAGE 8 ---
Halloween 2008 Staff Information 
DATE:10/31/08 AM WORKEDCHANGESPM WORKEDCHANGESAM WORKEDCHANGESPM 
WORKEDCHANGESServersI20200 Bar1030 Bussers4060 Runners4060 CoffeeN/A0N/A0 Host3050 Phon 
eN/A0N/AO DeliveryN/A0N/A0 CoatCheckN/A0N/A0 ManagersN/A0N/A0 
Halloween 2008 Notes 
Table Sizes: Normal: Normal 
Large Party Policies: N/A 
Confirmations: N/A 
Walk-ins: Lots of Walk-ins 2,4,5's & 6s at 9PM when parade is over 
Extra Supplies: Carved pumpkins and over $100 worth more candy 
Payroll: Don't cut early. Normal to slow. Was a Fri this year and gets busy when parade lets off. 
Linen Order: N/A 
Change Order: N/A 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat Check: N/A 
Menu Served: Normal 
Time Open: Normal 
Additional Misc. Notes: Have 2 extra cheap costumes for staff that doesn't dress up 
Halloween 2007 
SALESWERE SALES ABOVE NORMAL OR BELOW NORMALCOVERS 
WEATHER 
Was there CXL/NIS, if so give exact times and how many? 
Where and what times could you overbook? 
Who were your guests? Tourists, Regulars, Old, Young 
Describe early and late business 
What were Menu trends? 
Wed. Oct.31 AMNormal 
All 
Regular 
Slow, pop, slow 
N/A$8,614Below228Sunny, 70sWed. Oct.31 PMNormal 
Late 
Regulars, young$27,904Below458Clean, 60s 
Halloween 2007 Staff Information 
DATE:10/31/07 AM WORKEDCHANGESPM WORKEDCHANGESServers13019 
+lBar1030Bussers4050Runners4050Coffee1020Host2040Phone00 I 0Delivery0000CoatCheck0000Managers0030 
Halloween 2007 Notes 
Table Sizes: Normal — mostly 2 & 4, lots of late walk-ins 
Large Party Policies: Normal 
Confirmations: Normal 
EFTA00588658
--- PAGE 9 ---
Walk-ins: Lots of Walk-ins 9PM- I IPM 
Extra Supplies: Halloween candy, extra costumes 
Payroll: Early cuts in AM, normal lunch push, slow after, DO NOT CUT FLOOR BEFORE lOPM NO HOW SLOW —
the restaurant will get busy after parade 
Linen Order: N/A 
Change Order: N/A 
Rain Tickets: N/A 
Coat Check: N/A 
Menu Served: Normal 
Time Open: Normal 
Additional Misc. Notes: See Halloween in all restaurant notes 
EFTA00588659

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588660.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588660.pdf
----------------------------------------
VIRGIN ISLAND GUNITE POOLS 
St. Thomas • U.S. Vi in Islands 
Phone: 
December 6, 2011 
Change Order #11 
Proposal submitted to: 
Name: LSJ, LLC 
Street: 6100 Red Hook Quarter Ste. B3 
City: St. Thomas 
State: U.S.V.I. 
Zip: 00802 
Phone: 340-779-8054 
We hereby propose to supply all the labor for the installation of all tile (1x1) to the existing pool. LSJ to furnish all materials. Below 
is a scope of work: 
- 
Sawcut below waterline tile 
Work to be performed at: 
Little St. James 
Main Compound Pool #1011 
Email: 
Chip off all waterline tile 
Chip around all wall fittings, main drains, and below waterline tile 
Acid wash all existing Diamond Brite plaster 
Re-mud in all areas chipped out to level back up 
Thin set new tile to existing mortar work and Diamond Brite 
Grout all new tile work 
Lightly acid wash all new tile work for polishing 
Install all new Grey main drains and wall fittings 
Fill pool and LOVE IT!!!! 
Below is a list of materials needed for the above referenced scope of work. All materials are to be supplied by I.S.1: 
3,000 sq. ft. of tile 
bags of 918 thin set 
gallons of blue pigment 
gallons of bonder 
bags of lime 
bags of common cement 
sand 
** Note: Job to be completed in 20 days from when pool is drained 
All material is guaranteed to be as specified, and the above work to be performed in accordance with the drawings and specifications submitted for above 
work and completed in a substantial workmanlike manner for the sum of: 
S 42,600.00 — Forty two thousand six hundred dollars. 
With payments to be made as follows: 
$20,000.00 due upon signing of contract 
Balance due upon completion 
Any alteration or deviation from above specifications involving extra costs will be executed only upon written orders and will become an extra charge over and above the 
estimate. All agreements contingent upon strikes, accidents, or delays beyond our control. Homeowner to carry fire, tornado, and all other necessary insurance upon above 
work. 
Respectfully Submitted: 
Per: Ban Wolterman 
Note: This proposal may be withdrawn by us if not accepted within 30 days. 
ACCEPTANCE OF PROPOSAL 
The above prices, specifications, and conditions are satisfactory and are hereby accepted. You are authorized to do the work as 
specified. Payment will be made as outlined above. 
Date 
Signature 
EFTA00588660
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00588661

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588662.pdf
----------------------------------------
McDermott 
Will&Emery 
Now Yolk 
Date: 
November 19, 2012 
To: 
Leon and Debra Black 
From: 
Elyse G. Kirschner 
Re: 
The Debra R. Black 2012 Family Trust Agreement 
MEMORANDUM 
This memorandum explains the principal provisions of the Debra R. Black 2012 
Family Trust Agreement and the anticipated tax consequences of certain of its provisions. 
I.  
The Debra R. Black 2012 Family Trust 
A. 
Trust Fund 
Debra will be the creator of the trust. It is anticipated that she will transfer assets 
valued at an amount equal to Debra's remaining gif tax credit to the trustees. The trust will be 
governed by the provisions described below. 
B. 
Diapositive Provisions 
1. 
Distributions 
The primary trust provides that the trustees must distribute as much of the trust 
fund to any one or more of (a) Leon and (b) Debra's issue' as the independent trustees determine 
for any reason. 
Leon has the power, exercisable at his death, to appoint any portion of the trust 
fund to any one or more of Debra's issue. 
2. 
After Death of Survivor 
The initial trust will end upon the death of the survivor of the two of you. When 
the trust terminates, the remaining assets will be paid to Debra's issue then living,2 in a separate 
lifetime trust for each of them (described in I.B.5, below). 
For all purposes of the trust agreement, Debra's issue are Benjamin, Joshua, Alexander, Victoria, and their 
descendants. 
Assets payable under the trust agreement to an individual's issue will be paid in equal shares to such 
individual's children. If a child does not survive such individual, the predeceased child's share of the assets will 
be paid in equal shares to his or her children then living. 
U.S. practice conducted through McDermott Will & Emery LLP. 
DM US 39860631-LTI1612.0010 
EFTA00588662
--- PAGE 2 ---
3. 
Remote Takers 
In the event the survivor of you is not survived by any of Debra's issue, any 
undisposed of property will be paid to Debra's heirs-at-law. 
4. 
Separate Trusts for Issue 
Assets directed to be held in a separate trust for a child or more remote issue of 
yours will be held in a trust under article IV of the trust agreement. Each child or more remote 
issue is referred to as the "Primary Beneficiary." The trustees must pay as much of the trust fund 
of each trust to the Primary Beneficiary as they determine is necessary for the Primary 
Beneficiary's health, education, support and maintenance. In addition, the trustees must pay as 
much of the trust fund of each trust to the Primary Beneficiary as the independent trustees 
determine. When the Primary Beneficiary reaches age 35, he or she will have the power to 
appoint the trust fund to or for the benefit of any of Debra's issue (other than himself or herself) 
either during his or her life or at death. These powers may be suspended, terminated or 
postponed by the independent trustees for good cause, such as serious illness, creditor issues, a 
pending divorce or the like. 
Each trust will end on the Primary Beneficiary's death. Upon termination, any 
remaining assets will be paid to the Primary Beneficiary's issue then living, or if the Primary 
Beneficiary has no issue then living, to his or her siblings then living, or if none, to Debra's issue 
then living, in each case in a separate lifetime trust for each of them upon the same terms as the 
terminated trust. 
C. 
Trustees 
The two of you will be the initial co-trustees. Leon will be an independent 
trustee, but will not have the power to many distributions to himself. 
During Debra's lifetime, Debra will have the power to designate additional and/or 
successor trustees. Debra also will have the power to remove trustees, provided that if the 
removed trustee was an independent trustee, such removal will not be effective until a new 
independent trustee is designated. After Debra's death or disability, Leon will have these 
powers. After the death or disability of the two of you, the trustees may designate additional 
and/or successor trustees of any trust other than a trust for which the Primary Beneficiary has the 
power to remove trustees. 
After the death of the two of you, beginning at age 35, each Primary Beneficiary 
may designate additional and/or successor trustees of his or her trust (including himself or 
herself), and may remove trustees of such trust, provided that if he or she removes an 
independent trustee, such removal will not be effective until a new independent trustee is 
designated.3
These powers may be postponed by the independent trustee for good cause. 
-2-
DM_US 39860631.1.711612.0010 
EFTA00588663
--- PAGE 3 ---
D. 
Administration and Modification 
The trust agreement gives the trustees broad investment and administrative 
powers. 
In addition, the independent trustees may modify the trust agreement while either 
of you is competent, but only after giving you 5 days' written notice. No modification will be 
effective if it would confer a beneficial interest on any person other than one of Debra's issue 
while any of them is living. The modification powers have been included to give your trustees 
the flexibility to deal with future circumstances. 
H. 
Tax Consequences 
A. 
Gift Tax 
Any gift Debra makes to the trust will be a taxable gift. 
In 2012, each individual will have a federal credit against lifetime taxable gifts 
(i.e., gifts in excess of the annual exclusion amounts described above and in excess of gifts for 
educational or medical expenses paid directly to those institutions and other than gifts to a 
spouse or charity) of $5 million. Debra has decided to fund the Trust in 2012 with property the 
value of which is equal the amount of her entire remaining federal gift tax credit.4
We anticipate that, as in past years, the two of you will not "split" your gifts for 
gift tax purposes. 
Federal gift tax returns should be filed to report Debra's gift to the trust. For 
contributions made in 2012, gift tax returns will be due on April 15, 2013. 
B. 
Generation-Skipping Transfer Tax 
The generation-skipping transfer ("GST") tax generally is imposed, in addition to 
any gift or estate tax, on transfers to persons two or more generations below the transferor's own 
generation, at the highest estate and gift tax rate. If a donor gifts property to a trust of which his 
or her children are beneficiaries, the GST tax normally is deferred until the interest of the 
children ends. Under current law, each individual has $5.12 million of GST exemption. This 
exemption may be allocated to a trust to protect it from future GST taxes. Unless Congress acts 
to change the law, this amount will be reduced in 2013 to about $1.43 million. 
Debra's GST exemption will be allocated automatically to the trust to shield from 
the GST tax those assets that may pass from the trust directly to your grandchildren or more 
remote issue, unless she elects out of the automatic allocation. We recommend that Debra allow 
portions of her GST exemption to be allocated to her transfer to the trust on her gift tax return. 
• 
We will discuss with Tom Turrin exactly how much gift tax credit Debra has left. 
-3-
DM_US 39860631-1.111612.0010 
EFTA00588664
--- PAGE 4 ---
C. 
Estate Tax 
The trust agreement does not give Debra an interest in or control over the 
disposition of trust assets after she has contributed them to the trust. As a result, the trust 
property should not be included in Debra's estate for estate tax purposes.5 Accordingly, the full 
value of the assets remaining in the trust at the death of the survivor of you (including all 
appreciation on the original gift) should pass to the trusts for Debra's issue without federal or 
New York estate tax. 
D. 
Income Tax 
During Debra's lifetime, the primary trust will be a grantor trust. This means that 
all of the trust's income, deductions, and credits will be taken into account by Debra when she 
files her income tax returns. If the trustees use Debra's social security number as the trust's 
taxpayer identification number, the trust will not be required to file income tax returns. The 
independent trustees will have the power to modify the trust so that they may reimburse Debra 
for any income taxes she incurs that are attributable to the income of the trust. 
All gifts to the trust should be made from an account in Debra's own name to 
ensure that the trust is a grantor trust as to only Debra for income tax purposes. 
After Debra's death, each trust will be a separate taxpayer for income tax 
purposes and will be required to file annual federal income tax returns. Each trust will pay 
income tax on its income except to the extent distributed to beneficiaries. Each beneficiary will 
pay income tax on distributions received from the trust to the extent of his or her share of the 
distributed income.6
III. 
Getting Started 
Once the trust agreement has been signed and notarized, you will need to open an 
account in the name of the Debra R. Black 2012 Family Trust. Because Debra is the settlor of 
In the event that the assets Debra contributes to the trust were to decrease in value, or in the event the IRS were 
to "claw back" Debra's 2012 gift if the estate tax exempt amount (currently, $5 million) at the time of Debra's 
death were less than the gift tax lifetime credit amount at the time of the gift, the independent trustees could 
decide to grant Debra a limited power of appointment. If granted, the power would result in the trust property 
being included in Debra's estate for estate tax purposes at her death. However, when calculating Debra's 
federal estate tax, Debra's executors would not count the 2012 gift as an "adjusted taxable gift," which means 
that Debra's estate would essentially get back the gift tax credit previously used when she made the 2012 gift, 
so she would not have "wasted" her gift tax credit. In addition, the trust agreement gives Debra the option of 
appointing any trust property that is included in her gross estate to Leon or a trust for his benefit. If she does so, 
such property will be eligible for the federal estate tax marital deduction and would not be subject to estate tax 
at Debra's death. 
After Debra's death it may be possible for the trusts to avoid New York income tax if they have no New York 
trustees, no property located in New York and no income from New York sources. 
-4-
DM_US 39860631-1311612.0010 
EFTA00588665
--- PAGE 5 ---
the trust and because the trust is a grantor trust for income tax purposes, the trust may use 
Debra's social security number as its taxpayer identification number. 
As part of its effort to curb tax shelters, the Internal Revenue Service has issued regulations that 
impose sanctions on attorneys who provide informal written tax advice without prominently 
disclosing that the advice cannot be relied upon by the taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding 
penalties. Because this memorandum contains a discussion of taxes but does not warrant the 
significant additional time or expense that would be involved in the preparation of a formal 
opinion that complies with the IRS rules, we include the relevant IRS disclosure, below. If you 
would like us to prepare a formal tax opinion on which you may rely for penalty relief, please let 
us know, and we can discuss the cost of preparing one. 
Internal Revenue Service Circular 230 Notice: To ensure compliance with requirements 
imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any U.S. tax advice contained in 
this communication (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot 
be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) 
promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed 
herein. 
EGK 
cc: Eileen Alexanderson 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Carlyn S. McCaffrey 
-5-
DM_US 39860631-1.111612.0010 
EFTA00588666

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588667.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588667.pdf
----------------------------------------
G3hdgium 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
Plaintiff, 
New York, N.Y. 
v. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
March 17, 2016 
2:18 p.m. 
Before: 
HON. ROBERT W. SWEET, 
District Judge 
APPEARANCES 
Attorne s for Plaintiff 
BY: 
HADDON MORGAN AND FOREMAN, P.C. 
Attorneys for Defendant 
BY: JEFFREY PAGLIUCA 
LAURA A. MENNINGER 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588667
--- PAGE 2 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588668
--- PAGE 3 ---
G3hdgium 
THE COURT: Thank you all very much. I'm sorry for 
the inconvenience that I have imposed upon you. I'm sorry 
about the inconvenience that you have imposed upon me. 
But having said all of that, this really is the first 
time that we've had an opportunity, I think, to get together on 
this case. And let me just say, I think -- I mean, I'm not 
sure but I think I understand the difficulties of this case. 
There is an emotional element, obviously, throughout the case 
on both sides, and I understand that. Fortunately, we're 
blessed by excellent counsel and it would be nice if they can 
avoid adopting the emotional flavor of their clients, and I 
presume that they will be able to do that, it certainly will 
help, because these issues are going to be difficult and I'm 
well aware of it. 
Now, at the outset, there is some discussion in these 
papers about meet and confer. Let me make clear what I would 
like from this day forward. On any discovery issues, I would 
like to have a meet and confer. Now, I understand that defense 
counsel are living in God's country and they're not cursed with 
the metropolitan residence. I salute their good judgment in 
that. And so I will say that I will not require you to meet in 
person, but I will require you to meet. 
And I would say this. If you have a meet and confer, 
I would like to have correspondence between the parties as to 
what the subject is so that there is an agreed agenda that's 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588669
--- PAGE 4 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588670
--- PAGE 5 ---
G3hdgium 
written and we know that both sides know what it is, and that 
will help me if, ultimately, the problem gets back to me. So I 
would say exchange writing as to what it's going to be and have 
a meeting. It doesn't have to be in person, but it certainly 
has to be a significant meeting; it can't be just one 
ten-minute telephone call. 
So that's how I feel about the meet and confer. 
Now, I'm not going to get into whether that's relevant 
or not to the problems which we face today. That's just going 
forward. As I say, I do hope that you all can -- it won't be 
easy, but if you deal with these problems as the excellent 
professionals that you are without the emotional implications, 
having said that. 
Now, how to go forward today? My thought is the 
following. I have read your papers, and to say that I 
understand the problems would be, I guess, a lie, but I'm 
trying and you'll help me. I have a list of what I think our 
issues are and I would like to go through this with you, and 
then when I'm finished, if we have missed something, I'm sure 
you will correct me. And I'd be pleased to hear if I determine 
something, if you think that I'm wrong, that's fine, too. I 
mean, you can tell me why you think I'm wrong. 
Now, the first problem is the document -- the issue 
about improper privilege claims. As I understand that issue, 
it is the presence of Gow, Cohen and maybe somebody else as 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588671
--- PAGE 6 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588672
--- PAGE 7 ---
G3hdgium 
defeating the privilege, on the one hand. On the other hand, 
the assertion by the defense that their participation as 
whatever they are, managers, public relations people, whatever, 
is necessary for the rendering of legal advice. 
Parenthetically, there is a subtext there about whose 
law applies. Let me say, I think we are going to apply New 
York law in this case. British law may become relevant in some 
way or other down the road, but for this privilege purpose, I 
think that's where we are. 
I think what I would like is I would like any 
materials that -- the obligation to establish this privilege is 
obviously Ms. Maxwell's, and I would like any materials that 
she wants to present to me about these meetings to establish 
that it was necessary for the rendering of legal advice, I'll 
review those materials in camera and try to reach a decision. 
I may need something further after I have looked at them, but I 
think that's the way I ought to deal with that particular 
privilege issue. 
There is a list of documents as to which objections 
have been made on a variety of bases. I will say probably a 
catalog of every objection known to the mind of excellent 
attorneys, and I think we will try to deal with those this 
afternoon and maybe we'll fail, but let's put those aside just 
for the moment. 
The question about a protective order, of course there 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588673
--- PAGE 8 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588674
--- PAGE 9 ---
G3hdgium 
should be a protective order in this case. You are good 
lawyers and you have been around this track more times than I 
have and so you can prepare consensually a better protective 
order than I can, and I urge you to do that. And, in fact, I 
will give you two weeks to do that. Should you fail, you can 
present whatever materials you wish to me and I will decide 
what the protective order is going to be. That's not a good 
idea because you know the case better than I do, obviously, and 
so I urge you to resolve it by your litigation skills and not 
leave it up to the ignorant district court judge who doesn't 
really get into this kind of thing very often. So you run a 
risk if you leave it to me. 
Now, I would say two weeks, and then if you can't get 
an agreement, maybe three weeks from now we wrestle with that. 
Hopefully we won't. I have to do that. 
The deposition -- the defendant of course will be 
deposed, and we can work out right now when. Obviously, you 
don't want that deposition until the protective order is 
completed. So what do we do about that? Do you want to deal 
with that today, the actual date of the deposition, or should 
we pass that until we accomplish the protective order? What do 
you all think about that? 
MS. 
Can I be heard on that, your Honor? 
This is 
I am counsel for Ms. 
With respect to the deposition date, the 25th was the 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588675
--- PAGE 10 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588676
--- PAGE 11 ---
G3hdgium 
date that my opposing counsel proposed as possibly being 
available. So we set it for that date, which is next Friday. 
We also offered to hold that deposition transcript confidential 
until such time as the protective order could be issued so that 
there is no barrier to us being able to take this deposition. 
THE COURT: How about that? Is that OK? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Frankly, it is not, your Honor, and the 
reason is we, clearly from the papers submitted so far and the 
exchange of counsel, we have a significant disagreement at this 
point as to what the word "confidential" actually means, and we 
have proposed to the plaintiff a protective order that we 
believe is appropriate and neutral --
THE COURT: Well, maybe I can -- can we get over -- if 
that's the primary issue on the protective order, can we deal 
with that now? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: I think there is a secondary -- well, 
it may not even be secondary. There is another issue that is 
directly related to that, your Honor, and that is the lack of 
production of documents from the plaintiff. The Court has not 
seen these papers yet, but there are in my view significant 
deficiencies with the Rule 26 disclosures. There have been 
failure to produce documents. And it is unfair at this point 
to push these depositions forward without the required exchange 
of discovery. 
THE COURT: Let me ask the plaintiff. You really --
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588677
--- PAGE 12 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588678
--- PAGE 13 ---
G3hdgium 
MS. 
Could I be heard on that? Thank you, 
your Honor. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you. 
THE COURT: What do you think? 
MS. 
Right. The issue is so I issued my 
deposition notice before they even served discovery requests. 
THE COURT: OK. All right. 
MS. 
I've done 3,000 pages. They've done 
two emails. 
THE COURT: Look, doesn't it make sense to resolve any 
document discovery issues perhaps before the deposition? 
MS. 
I don't think so, your Honor. I want 
the testimony of this defendant in order to move this case 
forward. Our discovery closes in July. I issued my discovery 
requests in October. I have not gotten the deposition of the 
defendant yet. This is a date she is available. She is not 
leaving the country. She is not going anywhere. I have her in 
town next Friday. 
I'll even agree to their protective order if it means 
I can get her deposition, your Honor. I just need to get this 
case moving forward. I need one deposition, the deposition of 
the defendant in this case, who has called my client a liar. 
We are entitled to depose her and see if she is going to answer 
the questions about why she was --
THE COURT: All right. OK. 
MS. 
I am entitled to answers. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588679
--- PAGE 14 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588680
--- PAGE 15 ---
G3hdgium 
THE COURT: Well --
MR. PAGLIUCA: Your Honor, I think this is a good 
meeting and it is a meeting that should have happened a long 
time ago. Let me say to the Court that we proposed to meet 
with plaintiff's counsel early on in this case to put together 
a discovery schedule that made sense. We proposed that orally 
and in writing. That proposal was ignored and rebuffed. And 
counsel for the plaintiff then unilaterally scheduled a bunch 
of depositions without conferring on dates. Unilaterally, 
here's the dates, here are the depositions. We then tried to 
work through that issue, at the same time trying to work 
through the protective order issue and the document issue, and 
we get no response. And I think the agenda here is to gain a 
tactical advantage by not responding to these requests. 
THE COURT: Well, I can't believe that lawyers would 
seek a tactical advantage. I can't believe such a thing. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: I am shocked. 
THE COURT: OK. Tell you what we're going to do. 
We'll -- three weeks, let's see. Her deposition -- this 
question about document production, that hasn't been teed up, 
so I don't know --
MS. 
And can I be heard on that really 
quickly? I mean, If that were the standard, that they could 
wait to --
THE COURT: No. It hasn't been teed up, I agree. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588681
--- PAGE 16 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588682
--- PAGE 17 ---
G3hdgium 
(Pause) 
OK. Then I think what we should do is I'm assuming we 
will resolve the protective order problem 
we've sort of slug 
over the -- can we resolve what's confidential? Is that 
possible? Could we do that this afternoon, or is that too 
complicated? 
MS. 
Your Honor, I can have the deposition 
of the defendant in this case and move this case forward. I 
will agree to their protective order. I just want that 
deposition. 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MS. 
It is that important to me. 
THE COURT: I get your point. I understand that. But 
at the same time, I think, given the nature of all that lies in 
this, I think it is fair to say no side would like to have this 
aired, and so we've got to have a protective order that 
everybody feels comfortable with. 
MS. 
Your Honor, you can today enter the 
protective order that they submit. I will disregard my 
objections if I get the deposition. 
THE COURT: Will you agree now to the protective 
order? 
MS. 
Yes. If it means I can get her 
deposition, yes, I will do that. 
THE COURT: Oh, OK. Good. Well, that solved that. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588683
--- PAGE 18 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588684
--- PAGE 19 ---
G3hdgium 
MR. PAGLIUCA: It is not as simple as that, your 
Honor, because this quid pro quo, I'll agree to their 
protective order if I can have the deposition on the 25th, 
doesn't solve the problem. 
THE COURT: At least we've separated it. She has 
agreed to the protective order. OK? So that's done. OK? 
Now, why can't we have her deposition upon, whatever 
it is, a week from Friday? 
MS. 
Friday, the 25th, this coming Friday, a 
week from tomorrow. 
THE COURT: Oh, a week from tomorrow, yes. 
MS. 
Yes. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, we served discovery 
requests on plaintiff on February 12th. 
THE COURT: Well, look, that's nice. That's good. 
But I don't have that, and I think she's right that there is no 
rule that says you have to get your discovery requests 
satisfied before the deposition, so 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, the responses were due 
last night yesterday, so that is prior to Ms. Maxwell for the 
25th. However, as a part of producing that discovery response, 
they have said they're going to take a month to roll out their 
production, not just 
THE COURT: Look. I'll tell you what let's do. I 
don't have that, but let's -- we'll hold the deposition date. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588685
--- PAGE 20 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588686
--- PAGE 21 ---
G3hdgium 
When we get through with the rest of this stuff, we'll find out 
if there is something in particular that you want prior to next 
Friday and see what that is and see if we can get it. How is 
that? 
(Pause) 
OK. Who pays for what and counsel, all of that? 
Those are interesting problems and who knows how they all come 
out. I think all of that is best served by reserving them 
until the conclusion of the case, which is what I shall do. 
The plaintiff wants to produce on a rolling basis and 
to amend or add to the privilege log as the production goes 
forward. I don't see any problem with that. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, that's actually the issue 
I was just alluding to. I understand -- and I have said I 
don't have a problem with plaintiff producing her documents 
over the course of the month because she has said that it is a 
hardship for her to produce them all last night, which is when 
they were due. However, she's trying to take our client's 
deposition in the middle of her rolling production, in other 
words, show up at the deposition with the documents she happens 
to get --
THE COURT: That's what I'm saying. Maybe what we'll 
do is to deal with the document production issue separately. 
MS. MENNINGER: OK. 
THE COURT: And if there are some documents that 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588687
--- PAGE 22 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588688
--- PAGE 23 ---
G3hdgium 
really seem to be important and they cannot be produced, then 
maybe we'll put over the -- we'll see how that works. 
MS. 
Your Honor, I may be able to short 
circuit this. 
THE COURT: Pardon me? 
MS. 
I may be able to short circuit this a 
little bit. We produced 3,000 pages last night. We are 
continuing that production. We are moving as fast as we can. 
We produced a privilege log with over 134 entries on it. We 
are continuing to move that forward as quickly as we can. 
With respect to her deposition, your Honor, I'm happy 
to provide them in advance every document I will be using at 
her deposition. In other words, if that is their issue, if it 
means I can get her deposition next Friday, I will share with 
them any document I intend to use at that deposition. 
THE COURT: That seems to solve the problem, don't you 
think? 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, I have to disagree. I got 
this responsive objection last night at 9:30 p.m., while I was 
here in New York. I've taken a look at it, and I can give your 
Honor a sense of the types of objections that plaintiff has 
lodged to our document request. For example, their client sold 
her diary to Radar Online. It was published on Radar Online. 
This diary contains plaintiff's allegations against my client. 
So I asked for the diary that was sold to Radar Online. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588689
--- PAGE 24 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588690
--- PAGE 25 ---
G3hdgium 
THE COURT: You get it. 
MS. MENNINGER: It is copyright and proprietary 
protected. We're not going to produce it. So that's the kind 
of example --
THE COURT: No. You get it. 
MS. 
She doesn't have a diary. She might be 
referring to something else. I mean, my client doesn't have a 
diary to produce. She doesn't have one. Those were 
handwritten notes that she gave a reporter. She doesn't have 
one. 
THE COURT: So you are saying --
MS. 
That request is broader. I mean --
THE COURT: No. 
MS. 
I didn't know we were going to be 
addressing my requests today --
THE COURT: 
as to the diary, you say it doesn't 
exist. There is no diary, there are no notes, and whatever 
there is has been the subject of the printed material? 
MS. 
Yes. 
MS. MENNINGER: Excerpts -- excerpts, your Honor, with 
my client's name on them in plaintiff's handwriting were sold 
to Radar Online, not the entire document. And when I asked for 
the entire document, I was told that it is proprietary and 
copyright protected. 
THE COURT: What is "proprietary"? 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588691
--- PAGE 26 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588692
--- PAGE 27 ---
G3hdgium 
MS. 
I think she's referring to a broader 
request. My client doesn't have a diary, which is what she's 
addressing right now. I don't have my requests in front of me, 
your Honor. We were here on their requests. But if you want 
to read the whole request, I can try and remember what 
THE COURT: What are we talking --
MS. 
Did they say I was withholding 
documents? I don't think I said I was withholding documents on 
that request. But, again, I don't have it in front of me and I 
apologize. 
MS. MENNINGER: The request number 16 reads: "Any 
diary, journal, or calendar concerning your activity between 
'96 and '02." 
Response: Ms. 
objects to this request to the 
extent it seeks proprietary- and copyright-protected material. 
Ms. 
objects in that it seeks information protected by 
the attorney-client privilege, the attorney work product 
privilege, the joint defense, interest privilege, the agency 
privilege, the investigative privilege, the spousal privilege, 
the accountant/client privilege, and any other applicable 
privilege." 
THE COURT: Hot dog. I tell you, that's great. 
MS. 
But did I say I didn't have --
THE COURT: Shall we use that as the standard 
objection to every document request and then let's forget about 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588693
--- PAGE 28 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588694
--- PAGE 29 ---
G3hdgium 
it? OK, let's do this. 
MS. 
Your Honor, may I be heard on just one 
point on this issue? 
If the standard were that someone could wait in a case 
to request documents and then push off depositions by 
continuing to file new requests, it's apparently --
THE COURT: Yes. I hear you. I understand that 
point. Look, obviously if there are documents that are covered 
by the privilege, they have to be identified and logged. So 
that's the privilege. 
I don't know, what is this proprietary thing? What is 
that all about? 
MS. 
To the extent she has commercially 
valuable material that she has written, that's covered by --
it's covered by the protective order basically, that it would 
be produced in a confidential format with a copyright-protected 
format. So it is a general objection 
THE COURT: So she will produce that, she will produce 
everything --
MS. 
If she has something like that, yes. 
Like I said, we produced 3,000 pages yesterday. 
THE COURT: And calendars and all of the rest of them? 
MS. 
To the extent she has any of that, we 
will produce it, your Honor. 
THE COURT: All right. In other words, you are going 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588695
--- PAGE 30 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588696
--- PAGE 31 ---
G3hdgium 
to produce everything except anything that you have that you 
claim privilege as to which you will log? 
MS. 
Yes. We have been logging --
THE COURT: Well --
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, on this particular one, 
she says her client does not have any nonprivileged documents 
created during the time period responsive to this request, and 
then there are no privileged documents related to this log on 
the privilege log. So I don't have any way to read this 
request in a privilege log and figure out whether there are 
noncopyright materials that weren't withheld or there are 
privileged because all of these privileges were raised --
THE COURT: I take it that what's being said is that 
she has no privileged documents that would be covered by that 
request? 
MS. MENNINGER: That's not what the objection says. 
And, your Honor, since she sold her handwritten notes about my 
client to Radar Online, I know they exist because they were 
excerpted on the Internet. 
THE COURT: Yes, but she said she doesn't have them. 
She said -- I mean, correct me if I am wrong. 
MS. 
No, she doesn't have them. But, your 
Honor, I am happy to have -- first of all, she hasn't conferred 
on these issues that we are talking about here today. I am 
happy to address them fully. I feel very comfortable with our 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588697
--- PAGE 32 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588698
--- PAGE 33 ---
G3hdgium 
discovery production in this case. We will continue to roll it 
out; we have done it timely. Unlike like the defendants, who I 
served their discovery requests October 27th, your Honor. We 
are now in March. I received two emails, two emails in 
response. I produced 3,000 pages --
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, she is 
(Unintelligible crosstalk) 
THE COURT: Ladies, we're not going to get anywhere if 
we "who struck John." 
MS. 
I understand, your Honor. 
I think I proposed something very fair by saying that 
I would share with her any document I intend to use at that 
deposition. I just need the deposition. 
THE COURT: I understand. I got you. OK. 
Now, you will identify any document -- I mean, you 
tell them -- give them any documents that you are going to use 
in the deposition. 
MS. 
Yes. 
THE COURT: OK. Now, is there -- the business of this 
production on -- you are going to have to -- well, wait a 
minute. Let me put it this way. The objections to this 16 are 
overruled except for the privilege. OK? 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, I've proposed dates for my 
client to be available in two or three weeks, once we have 
received a complete document production, which was due last 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588699
--- PAGE 34 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588700
--- PAGE 35 ---
G3hdgium 
night, and I have been told we're not going to talk about dates 
in two or three weeks. We haven't asked to set them out into 
May or June. We've just asked for the documents that were due 
last night to be produced to us before our client's deposition. 
This isn't some kind of game. It's just she's been litigating 
this case for seven years --
THE COURT: OK. Well, we've dealt with the first 
objection. Now, is there another one? 
MS. 
Right. So we're here on my motion to 
compel production of documents. I am just getting a little 
confused because I don't -- we are here -- my motion to compel 
production of documents from her based on my request that --
THE COURT: Let's not worry about the --
MS. 
OK. I just wanted to be clear. I 
don't have in front of me the request that she is referring to. 
THE COURT: OK. Anything else that you think you need 
besides the documents she is going to use, the response to 16? 
Anything else --
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor --
THE COURT: -- that is critical for the deposition? 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, these were filed last 
night at 9:30 p.m., the 3,000 pages were produced to my office, 
which is in Colorado. I haven't looked at the 3,000 pages that 
were produced last night. I will have to ask leave of the 
Court to go back, look at the documents that were produced and 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588701
--- PAGE 36 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588702
--- PAGE 37 ---
G3hdgium 
see what I am missing. 
THE COURT: All right. If you want to, you can come 
back on Thursday next week and we can argue about whether or 
not the deposition should go forward on Friday. 
MS. MENNINGER: OK. 
THE COURT: That is all right with me. 
MS. MENNINGER: That is acceptable, your Honor. 
THE COURT: OK. So maybe we've solved that problem. 
OK. Maybe. 
Now, on the improper objections by the defendants. I 
suppose I can assume that the defendants' objections are just 
exactly the same as the plaintiff's objections. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: No, your Honor. They are not. 
MS. 
Oh, I'm sorry. This is my motion to 
compel. Can I just address it initially so that I can lay out 
for the Court what the issues are that we are raising on the 
motion to compel? 
THE COURT: I'm sorry. 
MS. 
This is my motion to compel now. Can I 
address -- am I able to address that? 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MS. 
So with respect to our motion to compel 
the documents from the defendant, as you know, your Honor, 
there are two main objections that I think have to be overcome 
in order for us to get that production properly. The first 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588703
--- PAGE 38 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588704
--- PAGE 39 ---
G3hdgium 
main objection is the fact that they are objecting to the time 
period. So we have sought requests from 1999, which is in 
around the time when my client contends she was involved with 
these individuals, to the present. They objected that that 
time period is overly broad. They only agreed to produce for 
the period of 1999 to 2002 and for one month, from December 31, 
2014 to January 31, 2015. So they cut out all the years in 
between and anything post January 31, 2015. 
Now, with respect to your Honor maybe saying why would 
that time period be relevant, the entire time period is 
relevant for a number of reasons. First, in 1999, that's when 
my client first recalls being --
THE COURT: We can agree 
think we can agree at 
the outset that '99 to what is it? 
MS. 
2002. 
THE COURT: 2002 is relevant. 
MS. 
Right. 
THE COURT: So what we're talking about is the 
what 
happened in 2002? 
MS. 
My client was sent to 
by 
Mr. Epstein and Ms. Maxwell for a training and to pick up 
another --
THE COURT: So she is no longer --
MS. 
And she left. She fled to Australia. 
THE COURT: OK. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588705
--- PAGE 40 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588706
--- PAGE 41 ---
G3hdgium 
MS. 
So with respect to these requests, I 
just want to -- you know, because the Court has mentioned this 
and it is worthy of referencing, that if you look at the 
defendants' request to us, they actually request a longer time 
period; they request from 1996 to the present. So while they 
don't want us to -- they don't want to produce to us except for 
that short window, they are requesting the entire period. In 
some cases they request 
and I did a chart. Your Honor, 
would you mind if I just pass this up to you for reference? 
THE COURT: OK. 
MS. 
I did a chart, I believe it is on page 
10, and it has for you the various requests and what the time 
periods are, and for many of the requests there is no time 
period at all. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: I have it. I don't need it. 
MS. 
Oh, you have that? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: I do not need it. 
MS. 
OK. I'm sorry. 
So that time period shows that many of those requests 
don't have a time period at all; so it is even broader, from 
infancy to present. So, in fairness, our requests are 1999 to 
the present, which we believe is the critical time period. 
Now, what happens in 2002? So my client does flee to 
Australia away from these individuals, but the conduct 
continues. So we have, for example, the law enforcement trash 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588707
--- PAGE 42 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588708
--- PAGE 43 ---
G3hdgium 
pulls that show the message pads of the back and forth of 
arranging these underaged minors to come for massages, things 
of that nature. We have the flight logs that show Ms. Maxwell 
flying 360 times with Jeffrey Epstein, 20 of which were with my 
client when she was underage. We have the Palm Beach police 
report, which shows over 30 minors who reported during that 
time period, to up until now 2006, being abused in that 
circumstance in Palm Beach. Then we have the arrest that 
happens of Jeffrey Epstein in 2006. 
Thereafter, my client in 2008 is -- I'm sorry, she 
receives from the U.S. government a victim notification letter. 
At that point, in 2009, Ms. Maxwell's deposition is sought in 
underlying civil cases. She flees from that deposition, says 
her mother is ill in England, she has to leave the country, 
cannot be deposed. She then shows up three weeks later at 
Chelsea Clinton's wedding. So clearly she was around, she was 
able to do something, but she avoided that deposition. Her 
testimony was never taken in that case. 
So that's in 2009. Then we have in 2011 my client is 
interviewed by the FBI about the issues that have happened. 
Then we have in 2011 Ms. Maxwell starts issuing different 
statements to the press. She continues that, issues a 
statement in 2015, which is the statement that we are here 
about in this case. 
So I contend, your Honor, that all of those years have 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588709
--- PAGE 44 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588710
--- PAGE 45 ---
G3hdgium 
relevant information in them with respect to my client. 
THE COURT: OK. I understand. 
Let's hear from the defendant. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: So, your Honor, I have tried to refrain 
from responding in kind, but the problem here is all of this --
the agenda behind all of this is not really the issue in this 
case but it is to make inflammatory statements like counsel 
just made as fact when they are speculation, at best, your 
Honor, and to pack into the record things that are demonstrably 
not true but counsel says them like they are true and then 
refers to her own declaration to support the fact of what she 
is saying may or may not be true. So let's get to the issue 
here in terms of the relevant timeframe. 
has no contact with 
Ms. Maxwell or Mr. Epstein. So everything that happens from 
2002 forward has absolutely nothing to do with the plaintiff in 
this case, and she has absolutely no personal knowledge about 
what did or didn't happen in Florida or elsewhere from that 
timeframe forward. 
You know, I carefully, your Honor, read your ruling on 
the motion to dismiss, and I believe that you characterized the 
issue in this case very narrowly, and that is is what the 
plaintiff said about Ms. Maxwell, and from 1999 to 2002, true 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588711
--- PAGE 46 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588712
--- PAGE 47 ---
G3hdgium 
or not. Those two individuals have the facts that relate to 
that, and anything outside of that, quite frankly, is opinion 
and not a subject matter of this litigation. 
Now, you have to focus not only on this expansive 
timeframe in which the plaintiff is not even in this 
hemisphere, which is combined with the overbroad requests that 
don't ask for things that might be arguably relevant under a 
404(b) analysis -- you know, for example, did this happen with 
Ms. Maxwell and someone else in 2005, let's say -- those aren't 
what the requests are. The requests are for all communications 
for 17 years with plug in the individual, all documents 
relating to whatever you want to plug in there for 17 years. 
And so those two things combined create a grossly overbroad and 
unmanageable document request. Hence, the objections. 
Now, had we had the ability to confer about this, we 
may have been able to get down to, here, these are really the 
relevant timeframes, or you need to modify your requests for 
production to say things like any communication with Jeffrey 
Epstein related to the plaintiff, any communication with this 
person related to the plaintiff. But that's not what the 
requests are. And so what you are left with is an unmanageable 
pile of requests for production of documents. 
I will note, your Honor, so the Court has this in 
context, there are 39 requests that have been proposed to 
Ms. Maxwell. She has no responsive documents, and I've so 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588713
--- PAGE 48 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588714
--- PAGE 49 ---
G3hdgium 
indicated to 17 of those requests. So we then winnow this down 
to the ones that we are objecting to for very good reason. The 
timeframe we have proposed is the appropriate timeframe. If 
there are narrowly tailored requests for production for 
something that may be relevant outside that timeframe, then 
they should propose that and not what they are proposing 
currently, which makes the entire process unwieldy and 
unreliable. 
MS. 
Your Honor, the underlying issue in 
this case is whether or not Ms. Maxwell lied when she said my 
client was not subject to the abuse that she said she was 
subject to. So in order to prove that, for defamation with 
malice, we have to prove that my client was abused by these 
individuals, that these individuals did take advantage of her 
in the way that she expressed. 
What's relevant to that is the sexual trafficking 
ring. If after my client left they are also trafficking other 
underaged girls repetitively, that is relevant to prove the 
truth of my client's allegations as well. We are entitled to 
that in discovery, your Honor. One of the requests is the 
documents relating to communications of Jeffrey Epstein. If 
she is e-mailing Jeffrey Epstein about the girls she's going to 
send over to him in 2004, before he is arrested, that's 
relevant to my client's claim, your Honor. So we shouldn't be 
told that we're not entitled to these documents or that we're 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588715
--- PAGE 50 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588716
--- PAGE 51 ---
G3hdgium 
only entitled to two emails out of all of our requests. 
In addition, he says that there are 17 requests that 
they have no documents for, your Honor, but, again, they have 
restricted the time period to this very short window and then 
they answered in their responses. OK. So --
MR. PAGLIUCA: That is not true. If you read --
actually read the response, there is no restriction because we 
have looked and there are no documents. We're actually trying 
to move this ball forward, your Honor, and what's happening 
here is we keep getting sucked back into this morass of maybe 
something happened. If you listen to the words that counsel is 
saying, your Honor, it is very illustrative of the fishing 
expedition. If there is this, then it is relevant. But that 
is not what they are asking for. And you have to go back to 
the request. "All documents" -- Request No. 1: "All documents 
relating to communications with Jeffrey Epstein from 1990 to 
present." Well, that's not all documents concerning 
trafficking or underaged girls, that's all documents relating 
to, which could be anything in the universe. 
Those are the reasons why I objected. 
Request No. 3: "All documents relating to 
communications with Andrew Albert Christian Edward, Duke of 
York, from 1990 to present." You know, what the heck does a 
communication with the Duke in 2013, any old communication, 
have to do with anything in this case? Nothing. If you 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588717
--- PAGE 52 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588718
--- PAGE 53 ---
G3hdgium 
said -- if you give me a request for production of documents 
that said give me any documents that talk about your press 
release with the Duke, well, that might be relevant and 
discoverable, but these are grossly overbroad. 
If they had conferred with us, we would have been able 
to narrow this down, but they haven't because there is an 
agenda here that, quite frankly, I don't understand, your 
Honor. But what I think it is is to simply pack the record, 
the written record and the oral record, with these very 
specious, quite frankly, disgusting allegations about my 
client, and that's not what we're here for. If they want 
something, they should ask for it specifically. If they just 
want to, you know, kind of throw things around -- if this, then 
that -- then that's what we're about here. 
MS. 
Your Honor --
THE COURT: All right. I think I understand this 
issue. 
What else do we have? We have the timeframe and the 
specificity. 
MS. 
Right. So, your Honor, there is the 
timeframe for the request, and then, right, I assume that they 
are alleging that these are overbroad in some way as 
THE COURT: I would rather think I just heard that. 
MS. 
Right. Exactly. So, your Honor, just 
to touch on that very quickly. Not only -- and you will see it 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588719
--- PAGE 54 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588720
--- PAGE 55 ---
G3hdgium 
in our papers, but we also give specific examples of why these 
are relevant, for example, and not overbroad. For example, two 
of the people we asked for documents and communications with, 
and 
when they were asked in 
their depositions about Ms. Maxwell sexually trafficking 
underaged girls, both of those individuals took the Fifth. If 
there are documents between Ms. Maxwell and 
discussing those issues at any time from 1990 to present, we 
want those documents, your Honor. And while they say that 
day-to-day communications with Jeffrey Epstein wouldn't be 
relevant, they would. If they're communicating on a daily 
basis, that's relevant. 
THE COURT: I understand that point. 
MS. 
So, your Honor, those are the two key 
issues as I understand it, the time period and then the 
overbreadth of the request, that they have been objecting to. 
And, your Honor, we just obviously want discovery in 
this case to move it forward. 
THE COURT: All right. So we've got that. I 
understand that. Is there any other broad category? 
MS. 
No. Those are the two issues, as I 
understand it, the date range which they've limited --
THE COURT: If we resolve those two, have we resolved 
the objections to the document demand? 
MS. 
That's my understanding, that they 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588721
--- PAGE 56 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588722
--- PAGE 57 ---
G3hdgium 
should be producing at that point. 
THE COURT: All right. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Well, there are privilege issues that 
remain unresolved. 
THE COURT: No. We're going to deal with the 
privilege issues. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: I just didn't want you to think 
THE COURT: No. I would be pleased to hear anybody if 
they want to be heard on my proposal on the privilege --
MR. PAGLIUCA: No. I think that is fine, your Honor. 
I just didn't want to let that be unsaid. 
The other thing I need to add in this discussion, 
though, your Honor, is this. You know, the plaintiff 
repeatedly now tries to distance herself from her own requests 
for production by comparing, for example, the timeframe at 
issue to the timeframe that Ms. Maxwell believes the plaintiff 
should be responding to. 
THE COURT: OK. All right. We'll take a short 
recess. 
(Recess) 
THE COURT: Please be seated. Thank you very much. 
The motion is granted and denied. Does that help? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Perfect, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Let's do this. This is an effort to keep 
this going forward. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588723
--- PAGE 58 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588724
--- PAGE 59 ---
G3hdgium 
I think a blanket coverage of all documents is too 
broad. I think the period is relevant 
I mean, it could be 
relevant. I don't say it is but it could be relevant. So the 
period is all right, that is, the 2000 and later. I think any 
documents with named individuals, that's fine. 
As to "too broad categories," here's my problem and 
maybe you can help me. Any documents which relate to any 
activity of the defendant with respect to the practice which 
has been alleged. Now, I don't want to try to define what that 
is, and I hope you all today will define that. And then I 
would say any documents that relate to the duties to be 
performed by Maxwell. And it may be that there are other 
definitional categories that would be appropriate but they 
don't occur to me at the moment. 
Now, let me ask the plaintiff, how do you want to 
define the activities? 
MS. 
I'm comfortable defining "activities," 
your Honor. I think you said any documents which relate to the 
activities of defendant with respect to the practice, which we 
would say would be sexual abuse or trafficking of minors. 
THE COURT: OK. 
MS. 
And I think that everybody has an 
understanding of what that is. So if there is emails about 
girls getting massages for those sorts of --
THE COURT: All right. So what do you all think about 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588725
--- PAGE 60 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588726
--- PAGE 61 ---
G3hdgium 
that? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: If we're limiting it to minors, which I 
understand this to be limited to, I think that's fine. I mean, 
we are talking about -- the allegation in this case is, 
according to 
is that she was an underaged minor, 
trafficked individual, and my client has vehemently denied that 
in the press and here. And so that's the issue. And I think 
if that's what we are talking about, we are fine with that. 
MS. 
Your Honor, can I just clarify really 
quickly? 
There was trafficking of both underaged and women that 
were over 18. So I wouldn't feel comfortable limiting it to 
just the minors, under 18. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: You can't traffic somebody --
MS. 
You can prosecute someone over 
international lines, and that is a federal offense if they 
are --
THE COURT: Let's --
MR. PAGLIUCA: That's not the definition. 
THE COURT: Let me -- if we skip the minors, what 
would it be? It would be any 
yes, it would be any 
MS. 
Females. 
THE COURT: The documents relating to trafficking, 
what for? 
MS. 
Sexual trafficking or sexual abuse of 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588727
--- PAGE 62 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588728
--- PAGE 63 ---
G3hdgium 
any female. 
THE COURT: That is OK. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: To be clear, we talking about something 
that is illegal, right? 
THE COURT: Are we? I don't think it has to be 
illegal in the context of the defamation. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Let me sort of recap, your Honor. 
Because the defamation is that 
was a minor and from 
1999 to 2002 somehow was, quote-unquote, sexually trafficked. 
THE COURT: Your client's statement is that she was a 
liar and -- I mean, I don't mean to prejudge that, but I mean 
that's the issue as I understand it. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Well, and the Court narrowed this down 
in the Court's order on the motion to dismiss, which is that 
the statements relating to Ms. Maxwell's participation in the 
trafficking of the plaintiff were untrue or unfounded. Those 
are the statements. 
THE COURT: OK. 
MS. 
Yes. 
THE COURT: Then I think it is conceivable that it 
wouldn't be limited to minors. What I'm trying to say is if 
there were trafficking other than with minors, that might also 
be relevant to the existence of the practice. 
MS. 
Exactly. 
THE COURT: OK. So it isn't limited to minors. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588729
--- PAGE 64 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588730
--- PAGE 65 ---
G3hdgium 
MS. 
Thank you, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Anything else? 
MS. 
No, your Honor. I just wanted to have 
an understanding, because maybe I'm not a quick study, but as 
to what your ruling is with respect to the deposition? I 
understand that I agreed to waive any --
THE COURT: Where we are is the deposition is going 
forward. If they want to come forward and seek to adjourn it, 
I will hear it next Thursday. 
MS. 
OK. So it is set for Friday. If they 
come to you on Thursday, we argue about that? 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MS. 
But it is going forward on Friday? 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MS. 
Thank you, your Honor. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, with respect to the 
document responses and production that we received last night, 
I would ask the Court for an expedited briefing schedule so 
that can be heard next Thursday as well. 
THE COURT: Sure. 
MS. MENNINGER: Because I have looked at them and I 
think that there are some very facially invalid 
THE COURT: Sure. That is fine. 
MS. MENNINGER: 
responses. 
THE COURT: That is OK. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588731
--- PAGE 66 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588732
--- PAGE 67 ---
G3hdgium 
MS. MENNINGER: So I would ask your Honor -- it is 
Thursday now 
I would ask, if I could, to file the motion 
I mean, we're not going to have--
THE COURT: By noon Wednesday? 
MS. MENNINGER: By 
be back to your Honor on Thursday. 
THE COURT: Yes. 
noon on Wednesday, and then we'll 
MS. 
Can I have it on Tuesday so I can 
respond, or no? 
THE COURT: Well, it's a short fuse. All right. I 
would say by close of business -- if you make whatever you want 
to do with that by the close of business on Tuesday instead of 
noon Wednesday, that gives you -- I just cheated you out of --
I did a good thing. I did a good thing. I permitted you to 
have a nice night's sleep on Tuesday. 
MS. MENNINGER: And, your Honor, I think if I heard 
your Honor correctly, that if we had other issues with respect 
to our client's deposition, we could raise those and have that 
for next Thursday as well? 
Listen, I can't prevent lawyers from making mistakes -- or, 
excuse me, making motions. So do whatever you --
MS. MENNINGER: As much as you might like to. 
THE COURT: So do whatever you want to do. 
MS. MENNINGER: All right. Thank you, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Yeah, but it's going to be -- yes. Sure. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588733
--- PAGE 68 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588734
--- PAGE 69 ---
G3hdgium 
THE COURT: Anything else? 
MS. 
That's it, your Honor. Thank you. 
THE COURT: Do you think the four of us are going to 
survive this experience? 
MS. 
I think so, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Yeah? OK. Let's hope so. 
MS. 
Thank you, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Anything else? 
MS. 
In a period of time. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Nothing further, your Honor. 
THE COURT: OK. Thanks. 
- - - 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00588735
--- PAGE 70 ---
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00588736
--- PAGE 71 ---
EFTA00588737

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588738.pdf
----------------------------------------
BIOIMPACT, INC. 
P.O. BOX 132 
KINGSHILL, ST. CROIX 
U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 00851-0132 
April 13, 2016 
Johann M. Sasso 
Project Manager 
Annex Building, Fundacion Angel Ramos 
2nd Floor, Suite 202 
Franklin Delano Roosevelt Ave. #383 
San Juan, PR 00918 
Re: Maintenance of an Existing Dock on Great St. James and Placement of a Reverse 
Osmosis Intake Line Under the Dock — Response to Comments April 13, 2016 
Dear Johann and Lisamarie, 
A project (a large subdivision) was proposed by the previous owner of Great St. James, 
Christian Kjear, in 2006 which was being designed by William Karr, Architects. Jose 
Cedeno from your office came to the island to look at the salt ponds and to confirm the 
wetland delineation during the early planning stages. I also believe we participated in an 
interagency meeting for that project. The project was submitted to CZM and COE but 
never completed the project as Mr. Kjear decided not to pursue the project and no further 
work was done in regard to that development. 
The new applicant also is not associated with the dock in Vessup Bay. 
There are several existing residential cottages on the island and there has been work done 
on those in the recent past by the previous owner and when I saw the first damage to the 
seagrass along the shoreline while doing due diligence for the purchaser I assumed that 
that damage was probably associated with bringing supplies to work on the cottages. 
The new owner Great St. Jim, LLC was told by Kjear's representative that all permits 
were in order. And the applicant does have a CZM permit in good standing on the dock 
in its current configuration. 
The owner will be looking at finding a more suitable dock location, but for now this is the 
only access to the island and the residential structures. It is very apparent based on what 
was found during the recent surveys that large vessel activity has a tremendous impact on 
the shallow seagrass beds. 
EFTA00588738
--- PAGE 2 ---
The applicant is asking to be allowed to replace the splintering boards on the dock and to 
place a small RO intake to service a 3000 gallon a day reverse osmosis plant so the 
existing cottages can have a potable water source. The discharge will be into a sump on 
the back beach near the tennis courts above the MHW mark where it will perk through 
the sand into the water. 
The new owner is very aware that this dock is not suitable for large boats and that the bay 
is not suitable for barges. 
We are unaware of any discussion or correspondence with the previous owner about 
removing the boats on the dock. 
Great St. Jim, LLC would like to make the dock safe for continued access use to the 
island at this time and to install the RO intake line. The applicant is currently looking for 
a suitable dock site on the island that can be used for large boats and small barges to 
bring supplies and take garbage off the island. The new owner has found a considerable 
amount of garbage has been left on the island. 
In order to construct a new dock, we must first complete the siting study and then begin 
the permitting process. This will take some time and the existing dock is the only access 
to the island and needs repair. 
We look forward to your earliest advice on this situation. Please let us know how we 
should proceed. The new owner of Great St. James was unaware of this issue with the 
dock and would like to get this straightened out was quickly as possible. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Amy Claire Dempsey, M. 
President, Bioimpact, Inc. 
Cc: Erika A. Kellerhals 
EFTA00588739

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588740.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588740.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
PARK PLAZA.SUITE 1008 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
BOSUN, MASSACHUSETTS 02116 
Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71St St 
New York, NY 
March 2, 2016 
INVOICE FOR LEGAL SERVICES 
For legal work from February 1, 2016 through February 29, 2016 including TCs with 
RW, JE, RS, DKI regarding civil settlement issues, review of CVRA pleadings, TCs with 
DL, TCs with HI and DKI regarding CVRA, research, drafting, editing, review of 
exhibits and authoring of a rebuttal to Jane Doe Summary Judgment filing 
Martin Weinberg 
hrs 10 min@ $1000 p/h 
$ 24,166.00 
Kimberly Homan 
hrs 30 min @ $ 500 p/h 
$ 2,500.00 
Paralegal 
hrs 
@ $ 75 p/h 
$ 
225.00 
Balance 
Yours Truly 
Martin G Weinberg 
$ 26,891.00 
EFTA00588740

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588741.pdf
----------------------------------------
INVOICE 
ION NICOLA 
130 Park Pl, Apt 2A 
Brooklyn, NY 11217 
Social Security Numbe 
NES LLC 
575 Lexington Ave, 4'h floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Project — Gold leafing hallway — 9East 7151 St 
Dec 151h to 20"h 
Dec 22nd and 23rd 
Dec 29th and 30'h 
Jan 511' to 9111
Jan 12'h to 17th 
Jan 19'h and 20'h 
January 15, 2015 
Total 23 days ($303/day) 
$ 6,969.00 
Please pay by electronic wire transfer 
Bank Name: CHASE 
Bank Address: 401 Flatbush Avenue 
Brooklyn, NY 11238 
ABA-
For the account of: ION NICOLA 
Accoun 
EFTA00588741

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588742.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUMMARY OF PROPOSED TERMS 
SERIES A PREFERRED SHARES 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. 
January 
2015 
We are happy to confirm our interest, subject to all terms and conditions herein, to explore the 
possibility of an investment in Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. This letter summarizes the 
principal terms of a proposed investment for Preferred A Shares. Except as specifically provided 
herein, this letter is not intended to be a legally binding agreement but is a statement of intent. It 
is presented solely for the purpose of discussion. 
Company 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd., an Israeli company (the "Company"). 
Founders 
Amir Elichai, Alexander Dizengoff, Yoni Yitzon & Lital Leshem 
Investor 
An entity under the control of Mr. Ehud Barak (the "Investor"). 
Structure of 
The Investor shall invest in the Company up to an aggregate amount of US$ 
Financing 
1,500,000 (the "Investment Amount"), against issuance by the Company of 
Preferred Shares at the Closing (as such terms are defined below) for the entire 
Investment Amount at a price per share of [pending an updated cap table] 
("PPS") (representing a pre-money valuation of US$ 3,338,710, on a Fully 
Diluted Basis (as defined below)) so that immediately following the Closing, 
Investor will hold not less than 31.0% of the Company's share capital, on a 
Fully Diluted Basis. 
The Investment Amount shall be provided to Company in two subsequent equal 
installments as follows: 
(i) an amount of US$ [1,000,000] out of the Investment Amount will be provided 
at the Closing; and 
(ii) Subject to the following, the remaining amount of US$ [500,000] out of the 
Investment Amount will be provided within 
months as of the Closing, 
conditioned upon achievement by the Company of the milestone(s) set forth under 
Annex I of this letter at or prior to such time, to Investor's satisfactions. 
Fully Diluted Basis 
In this letter, "Fully Diluted Basis" includes, without limitation, all issued and 
outstanding share capital of the Company, all securities issuable upon the 
conversion of any existing convertible securities, notes or loans, the exercise of all 
outstanding warrants, options, adjustments of numbers of shares triggered by this 
financing (if any), any shares or options to acquire shares issued to any person as a 
finder's fee or similar arrangement in connection with the Investment and an 
unallocated option pool for future allotment to employees, consultants and 
directors of the Company, representing 12% of the issued and outstanding share 
capital of the Company immediately following the Closing ("Option Pool") 
(assuming the Warrant(s) (as defined below) were not exercised by the Investor). 
Capitalization Table 
The detailed pre-Closing and post-Closing capitalization of the Company is set 
forth in the Capitalization Table attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
EFTA00588742
--- PAGE 2 ---
Conditions to Close 
Estimated Closing 
Date 
Type of Security 
Warrant(s) 
Use of Proceeds 
Closing of the transaction contemplated hereunder is subject to (i) satisfaction of 
the parties due diligence requirements, including financial and legal diligence, and 
(ii) the signing of mutually acceptable Definitive Agreements (as defined below). 
[Closing Date] (the "Closing"). 
Series A Convertible Preferred Shares (the "Preferred Shares"), initially 
convertible on a one to one basis into Ordinary Shares of the Company (the 
"Ordinary Shares"), subject to adjustment as provided below. 
At the Closing, the Company will issue: (i) a first warrant to the Investor that will 
allow it (or any of its assignees) to purchase additional Preferred Shares by 
investing an additional amount of up to US$ 1,000,000, at an exercise price of 
150% of the PPS (subject to anti-dilutive adjustment and standard recapitalization 
adjustment); and, in addition (ii) a second warrant to the Investor that will allow it 
(or any of its assignees) to purchase additional Preferred Shares by investing an 
additional amount of up to US$ 2,500,000, at an exercise price of 175% of the 
PPS (subject to anti-dilutive adjustment and standard recapitalization adjustment 
), conditioned upon the exercising of the aforesaid first warrant (collectively the 
"Warrant(s)"). The Warrant(s) will be valid for a period of 48 months after the 
Closing. Exercise of such Warrant(s) may be cashless at the discretion of the 
Warrant(s) holder. 
The Investment Amount shall be used by the Company to continue the 
development of the Company's technology, know-how, sales and marketing 
programs and provide general working capital, pursuant to a budget prepared by 
the Company, agreed by the Investor and attached to the Definitive Agreements. 
Liquidation / 
In the event of any liquidation event, Deemed Liquidation (as defined below) 
Dividend Preference 
and/or distribution of dividends, the holders of the Preferred Shares will be 
entitled to receive prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the 
Company's assets or funds to all other equity securities of the Company (in cash, 
cash equivalents, or, if applicable, securities), for each Preferred Share, an amount 
equal to: (i) 100% of the PPS, plus (ii) 8% annual interest on that amount, 
compounded annually, from the Closing (together, the "Preference A Amount"). 
Any surplus of assets or funds remaining (if any) after the payment in full of the 
Preference A Amount less any amounts paid as preferential dividends prior to that 
date will then be distributed pro rata among all the shareholders of the Company, 
including the holders of Preferred Shares, on an as-converted basis. 
A "Deemed Liquidation" shall mean any of the following transactions: an 
acquisition of the Company or a merger between the Company and another non-
affiliated entity in which the shareholders of the Company do not own a majority 
of the shares of the surviving entity, the sale of all or substantially all of the 
Company's assets, or of the shares of the Company, an exclusive, irrevocable 
license of all or substantially all of the Company's intellectual property to a third 
party, or any other transaction in which control of the Company (at least 50%) is 
transferred (other than a IPO or other bona fide financing transaction). 
Conversion 
Each holder of Preferred Shares shall have the right to convert its shares at any 
time into Ordinary Shares at an initial conversion rate of 1:1, subject to 
proportional adjustment for share splits, dividends or recapitalizations or a 
similar event and any anti-dilution adjustments. The Preferred Shares shall 
automatically convert into Ordinary Shares if (a) the Investor consents to such 
EFTA00588743
--- PAGE 3 ---
conversion or (b) upon the closing of a firmly underwritten public offering of 
shares of the Company ("IPO") netting at least $30 million at a pre-money 
valuation of the Company of at least $100 million (a "QIPO"). 
Anti-Dilution 
Until a QIPO, if the Company issues new securities at a price per share lower 
Provisions 
than the then applicable conversion price of the Preferred Shares (initially, the 
conversion price shall be the Price Per Share), then in each such event the 
conversion price of the Preferred Shares shall be adjusted on a "full ratchet" 
anti-dilution adjustment. 
Protective Provisions 
Certain important actions of the Company shall require the consent of the 
Investor or the Preferred Directors (as defined below), to include, without 
limitation, actions to: (i) alter the rights, preferences or privileges of the 
Preferred Shares; (ii) issue any new securities beyond those anticipated by this 
investment; (iii) create any new class or series of shares; (iv) increase the 
number of shares reserved for issuance to employees and consultants, whether 
under the Option Pool or otherwise; (v) grant of options to employees and 
consultants, whether under the Option Pool or otherwise, on vesting terms 
different than the vesting terms that shall be defined in the Definitive 
Agreement (as defined below); (vi) redeem or sale of any shares of the 
Company, including Ordinary Shares, Preferred Shares or any new class or 
series of shares; (vii) declaring or paying any dividend or other distribution of 
cash, shares or other assets, other than a bonus shares issuance paid to all of the 
shareholders of the Company on a pro rata basis; (viii) change the number of 
Board members or otherwise changing its composition; (ix) take any action 
which results in a Deemed Liquidation event or otherwise dissolving, 
liquidating or winding up the Company; (x) amend the incorporation 
documents including Articles of Association; (xi) effect any material change to 
the nature of the business of the Company; (xii) subscribe or otherwise acquire, 
or dispose of any shares in the capital of any other company; (xiii) affect any 
interested party transactions with the Company; (xiv) amend the signatory 
rights determined under this transaction; (xv) approve the Company's annual 
operating plan and budget and any material deviations from it; (xvi) entering 
into a transaction with any related party; (xvii) the appointment of the CEO, 
CFO or CTO; or (xviii) create, incur, assume, or be liable for any indebtedness 
exceeding in the aggregate an amount of US$20,000. 
Voting Rights 
Board of Directors 
The holders of the Preferred Shares shall vote together with the holders of all 
other shares of the Company, and not as a separate class, in all shareholders 
meetings, except as to matters that by law or pursuant to this letter are subject 
to a class vote. Each Preferred Share shall entitle the holder thereof to such 
number of votes as if such shares had been converted into Ordinary Shares. 
Immediately following the Closing, the board of directors of the Company (the 
"Board") shall consist of a maximum of five (5) members: for so long the 
holders of Ordinary Shares hold together the majority of the Company share 
capital, they may appoint three (3) directors and the holders of Preferred Shares 
may appoint two directors ("Preferred Directors") and, as of the time the 
holders of Ordinary Shares, collectively, no longer hold the majority of the 
Company share capital, they may appoint two (2) directors and the holders of 
Preferred Shares may appoint three (3) Preferred Directors. This provision will 
also apply to any subsidiary of the Company. 
Insurance 
The Company will sign an indemnity agreement with each of the directors and 
will maintain Directors & Officers liability insurance, reasonably satisfactory 
EFTA00588744
--- PAGE 4 ---
to the Investor. 
Signatory Rights 
At or prior to the Initial Closing, the Company shall adopt a resolution 
effecting the signatory rights which is satisfactory to the Investor. 
Information and 
Management rights 
Pre-emptive Right 
Right of First Refusal 
Tag Along Right 
Registration Rights 
Until a QIPO, Investor shall have the right to receive: (i) financial statements 
within 60 days after the end of each fiscal year, which have been audited by 
one of the "Big Four" accounting finns; (ii) unaudited, but reviewed, quarterly 
financial statements within 45 days after the end of the first, second and third 
quarters of each fiscal year; (iii) a monthly report in a form agreed by the 
Board including the Preferred Directors, within 15 days after the end of each 
month, which report shall include a business update and overview, profit and 
loss and cash-flow statement and budget variance report and explanatory notes 
thereto; (iv) an annual operating plan and budget at least 30 days prior to the 
first day of the year covered by such plan and (v) such other information as 
may be reasonably required by Investor. 
Investor shall also be entitled to standard inspection and visitation rights. 
Until a QIPO, the Investor will have the right, but not an obligation, to 
participate in any future sales of securities by the Company, upon the terms of 
such round of financing, and to purchase in such round up to 100% of the 
Company's securities offered in such sale. 
The holders of Preferred Shares may assign this right to their Permitted 
Transferees (as shall be defined in the Company's Articles of Association). 
Until a QIPO, each shareholder of the Company holding at least 2% of the 
issued and outstanding shares of the Company (calculated on an as converted 
basis) ("Eligible Shareholder") shall have a pro-rata right of first refusal with 
respect to any sale, transfer or disposition of share capital of the Company by 
any other shareholder of the Company, other than a transfer to Permitted 
Transferees ("Transfer"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing any sale, transfer or disposition of share capital 
of the Company by the Investor, shall not be subject to such right of first 
refusal of the other shareholders. 
Until a QIPO, the Investor shall have the right, with respect to any Transfer, to 
sell, up to all of its shareholdings in the Company, prior and in preference to 
any other shareholder in the Company; on the same general tenns and 
conditions proposed under such Transfer ("Preferred Tag Along Right"). 
Thereafter, any shares remaining under a Transfer following the exercising of 
the Preferred Tag Along Right, if any, shall be subject to a pro rata right of 
each Eligible Shareholder, to participate in such Transfer on the same general 
terms and conditions proposed thereunder. 
Holders of a majority of the Registrable Shares (as defined below) shall have 
the right, to two "demand(s)" registration of their shares in the Company, at the 
Company's expense. All Shareholders of the Company shall be entitled to 
unlimited "piggyback" registration rights and one F-3 registration per a 
calendar year, to be initiated by Holders of a majority of the Registrable Shares 
(provided the aggregate offering price in such F-3 registration is at least US$ 
1,000,000) at the Company's expense. In the case of underwriter cut-backs, the 
shares of the Investor shall have priority over all other shares in the Company 
to be included in any offering in a ratio of 3:1 (1 ordinary share for every 3 
Registrable Shares). All shareholders agree to a 180-day lock-up after the IPO 
EFTA00588745
--- PAGE 5 ---
and 90 day lock up after subsequent offerings of the Company. Registration 
rights will be freely assignable in connection with any transfer of Registrable 
Shares. For the purposes of this section, "Registrable Shares" shall mean the 
Preferred Shares of the Company and any Ordinary Shares issued upon 
conversion of the Preferred Shares. Any future registration rights granted by 
the Company which are superior to those granted to the holders of Preferred 
Shares will be subject to the approval of the majority of the holders of the 
Preferred Shares. 
Restrictions on Sale: 
Until the earlier of a QIPO, a Deemed Liquidation or the lapse of four (4) years 
as of the Closing, the Founders shall not be entitled to sell any of their shares in 
the Company, subject to standard exceptions for transfers to Permitted 
Transferees. 
Founders 
Each Founder will enter into a non-competition and non-solicitation agreement, 
Undertakings 
and an employment agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to the Investor, 
and shall agree to devote his entire business time and attention to the Company 
and to not undertake additional activities without the consent of the Investor. A 
breach of any of the foregoing restrictive covenants or undertakings by a 
Founder shall result in immediate dismissal for cause of such Founder. 
Employee Vesting 
100% of the shares of the Founders ("Restricted Shares") will be subject to 
"reverse vesting" mechanism over a period of 3 years, with a one year cliff, 
contingent - with regard to the shares of each Founder - on that Founder's 
continued employment with the Company. Vesting shall be as follows: 113 of 
each Founder's Restricted Shares shall vest upon the first anniversary of the 
Closing, and the remainder 2/3 of such Founder's Restricted Shares shall vest 
on a quarterly basis over the remaining 2 years. Any unvested shares will 
immediately vest upon an event of Change of Control and the engagement of 
such Founder with the Company is terminated by the Company not for cause. 
Documentation and 
Warranties 
Detailed definitive agreements among the Investor, the Founders and the 
Company shall be drafted by counsel to the Investor and shall include 
customary covenants, negative covenants, representations and warranties of the 
Company and the Founders reflecting the provisions set forth herein, other 
provisions customary in venture capital transactions and any other provisions 
agreed to by the Investor, Founders and the Company ("Definitive 
Agreements"). 
Expenses 
The Company shall bear its own fees and expenses and shall pay at the Closing 
all legal fees and expenses of the Investor, incurred with respect to the 
transaction contemplated hereby. 
Exclusivity 
For a period of 60 business days following the execution of this letter, neither 
the Company or the Founders nor any agent, directly or indirectly, will solicit, 
consider, negotiate or otherwise discuss a possible merger, sale or other 
disposition of all or any part of the shares or assets of the Company or an 
investment in its share capital with any other party. Also, during said 60 
business day period the Company will not issue any securities of the Company 
nor will it permit a transfer of any securities of the Company. 
Said period will automatically be extended by an additional 15 business days if 
the parties are still negotiating the definitive agreements at the conclusion of 
said 60 day period and may be further extended upon the agreement of the 
Company, the Founders and the Investor. 
EFTA00588746
--- PAGE 6 ---
Confidentiality 
The Company and Founders agree to treat this letter confidentially and will not 
distribute or disclose its existence or contents outside the Company without the 
consent of the Investor, except as required to its relevant shareholders, if any 
and professional advisors. 
Ordinary Course 
Until the Closing, the Company will conduct its business solely in the ordinary 
course of business and, among other things, will not declare or make any 
distribution to shareholders, enter into any related party transaction or sell its 
assets (other than the Company's products sold in the ordinary course of 
business). 
Non-binding Effect 
This letter is not intended to be legally binding, and prepared for discussion 
purposes only, as a statement of the Investor's present intent, with the exception 
of this 
paragraph 
and 
the 
paragraphs 
entitled 
`Exclusivity' 
and 
'Confidentiality', which are binding upon the parties hereto and shall be 
governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel. 
Acknowledged and agreed: 
'INVESTOR" 
By: 
Print Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. 
By: 
Print Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
Mr. Amir Elichai 
Date: 
Alexander Dizengoff 
Date: 
Yoni Yitzon 
Date-
Lital Leshaem 
Date- 
EFTA00588747

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588748.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588748.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUMMARY OF PROPOSED TERMS 
SERIES A PREFERRED SHARES 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. 
Deeember-January 
 , 24142015 
We are happy to confirm our interest, subject to all terms and conditions herein, to explore the 
possibility of an investment in Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. This letter summarizes the 
principal terms of a proposed investment for Preferred A Shares. Except as specifically provided 
herein, this letter is not intended to be a legally binding agreement but is a statement of intent. It 
is presented solely for the purpose of discussion. 
Company 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd., an Israeli company (the "Company"). 
Founders 
Amir Elichai, Alexander Dizengoff, Yoni Yitzon & Lital Leshem 
Investor 
An entity under the control of Mr. Ehud Barak (the "Investor"). 
Structure of Financing 
The Investor shall invest in the Company up to an aggregate amount of US$ 
1,500,000 (the "Investment Amount"), against issuance by the Company of 
Preferred Shares at the Closing (as such terms are defined below) for the 
entire Investment Amount at a price per share of [ 
("PPS") 
(representing a pre-money valuation of USS 3,338,71 
BASIS FOR 
THIS VALI: VTION?II 
was based fol 
a ce 
n flea° a o 
between Ehud and the Company where the parties agreed that the said 
$1.5M investment will provide (25%+6%=)31% shareholdin(, on a 
Fully Diluted Basis (as defined below)) so that immediately following the 
Closing, Investor will hold not less than f31.0%j IA GREATER 
PERCEN I AGE 
OWNERSHIP 
UP 
FRONT, RATHER THAN 
REQUIRING ANOTHER 
$3.5MNI INVESTMENT To GAIN A 
CONTROLLING INTEREST( (Naturally your sultan 
w 
ET= if could ge agreed:Wit seems an excessive reqtWst at this po nt 
From a commercial point of view we thought that if the Company will 
not do well, Investor still has its liquidation preference and if Company 
will flourish Investor has its right (not obligation) to increase its holding 
and gain control through the Warrants. We believe this would be a 
soften requirement on our behalf that will be easier for Company to 
accept[ of the Company's share capital, on a Fully Diluted Basis. 
The Investment Amount shall be provided to Company in two subsequent 
equal installments as follows: 
(i) an amount of USS L7-50000,000 out of the Investment Amount will be 
provided at the Closing; and 
(ii) Subject to the following, the remaining amount of US$ 7-50500,000 out of 
the Investment Amount will be provided within _ months as of the Closing, 
conditioned upon achievement by the Company of the milestone(s) set forth 
under Annex 1 of this letter at or prior to such time, to Investor's satisfactions. 
'THERE SIIOULD BE A GREATER NUMBER OF SMALLER 
INSTALLMENTS MATCHED TO THE BUDGET AND PROJECTED 
EFTA00588748
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASH NEEDS AND ACCOMPLISHMENT OF THE MILESTONES. 
WE ALSO NEED TO SEE THE PROPOSED ANNEX 1 MILESTONES. 
Jrt is our understanding that following certain discussion between Ehud 
and the Company, he was convinced that smaller trenches of Investment 
will not be feasible here and there should be a minimum of financial 
flexibility for Company to work its operation. Ehud is welcome to 
comment or correct if we got it wronglllast minutes comment — we were 
just informed that the actual aerced trenches are Sim at first stage and 
$0.5m later 
Fully Diluted Basis 
In this letter, "Fully Diluted Basis" includes, without limitation, all issued and 
outstanding share capital of the Company, all securities issuable upon the 
conversion of any existing convertible securities, notes or loans, the exercise of 
all outstanding warrants, options, adjustments of numbers of shares triggered 
by this financing (if any), any shares or options to acquire shares issued to any 
person as a finder's fee or similar arrangement in connection with the 
Investment and an unallocated option pool for future allotment to employees, 
consultants and directors of the Company, representing 12% of the issued and 
outstanding share capital of the Company immediately following the Closing 
("Option Pool") (assuming the Warrant(s) (as defined below) were not 
exercised by the Investor). 
Capitalization Table 
The detailed pre-Closing and post-Closing capitalization of the Company is 
set forth in the Capitalization Table attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
Conditions to Close 
Closing of the transaction contemplated hereunder is subject to (i) satisfaction 
of the parties due diligence requirements, including financial and legal 
diligence, and (ii) the signing of mutually acceptable Definitive Agreements 
(as defined below). 
Estimated Closing 
Date 
[Closing Date] (the "Closing"). 
Type of Security 
Series A Convertible Preferred Shares (the "Preferred Shares"), initially 
convertible on a one to one basis into Ordinary Shares of the Company (the 
"Ordinary Shares"), subject to adjustment as provided below. 
Warrant(s) 
At the Closing, the Company will issue: (i) a first warrant to the Investor that 
will allow it (or any of its assignees) to purchase additional Preferred Shares by 
investing an additional amount of up to US$ 1,000,000, at an exercise price of 
150% of the PPS (subject to anti-dilutive adjustment and routine standard 
recapitalization adjustment [WHAT IS MEANT 
BY "ROUTINE 
RECAPITALIZATION ADJUSTMENT" AND WHAT ABOUT OTHER 
ANTIDILUTION?1J and, in addition (ii) a second warrant to the Investor 
that will allow it (or any of its assignees) to purchase additional Preferred 
Shares by investing an additional amount of up to US$ 2,500,000, at an 
exercise price of 175% of the PPS (subject to anti-dilutive adjustment and 
routine standard recapitalization adjustment JWIIAT IS MEANT BY 
"ROUTINE RECAP1TA I.It k [ION ADJUSTMENT" AND 
WW II k I 
ABOUT 
OTHER 
ANT I Diu TioN?t) 
rased. Also, standard 
t
vitalization adiustment are all technical adjustment known and 
oted as shall Mt -further described in the defensiveavemeatil, 
conditioned upon the exercising of the aforesaid first warrant (collectively the 
"Warrant(s)"). The Warrant(s) will be valid for a period of 48 months after 
the Closing. Exercise of such Warrant(s) may be cashless at the discretion of 
EFTA00588749
--- PAGE 3 ---
the Warrants) holder. INN AT IS THE BASIS FOR THE 150% AND 
1- 5% OF TIIE PPS EXERCISE PRICES? I Ike numbers here re 
our suggestion of amounts an 
is that we believe can 
accepted by Company and allow Investor to gain control in due time. For 
illustration purposes you can see how this was computed in the attached 
Cap Tablet 
Use of Proceeds 
The Investment Amount shall be used by the Company to continue the 
development of the Company's technology, know-how, sales and marketing 
programs and provide general working capital, pursuant to a budget prepared 
by the Company, agreed by the Investor and attached to the Definitive 
Agreements. 
Liquidation I Dividend 
Preference 
In the event of any liquidation event, Deemed Liquidation (as defined below) 
and/or distribution of dividends, the holders of the Preferred Shares will be 
entitled to receive prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the 
Company's assets or funds to all other equity securities of the Company (in 
cash, cash equivalents, or, if applicable, securities), for each Preferred Share, 
an amount equal to: (i) 100% of the PPS, plus (ii) 8% annual interest on that 
amount, compounded annually, from the Closing (together, the "Preference A 
Amount"). 
Any surplus of assets or funds remaining (if any) after the payment in full of 
the Preference A Amount less any amounts paid as preferential dividends prior 
to that date will then be distributed pro rata among all the shareholders of the 
Company, including the holders of Preferred Shares, on an as-converted basis. 
A "Deemed Liquidation" shall mean any of the following transactions: an 
acquisition of the Company or a merger between the Company and another 
non-affiliated entity in which the shareholders of the Company do not own a 
majority of the shares of the surviving entity, the sale of all or substantially all 
of the Company's assets, or of the shares of the Company, an exclusive, 
irrevocable license of all or substantially all of the Company's intellectual 
property to a third party, or any other transaction in which control of the 
Company (at least 50%) is transferred (other than a IPO or other bona fide 
financing transaction). 
Conversion 
Each holder of Preferred Shares shall have the right to convert its shares at 
any time into Ordinary Shares at an initial conversion rate of 1:1, subject to 
proportional adjustment for share splits, dividends or recapitalizations or a 
similar event and any anti-dilution adjustments. The Preferred Shares shall 
automatically convert into Ordinary Shares if (a) the Investor consents to 
such conversion or (b) upon the closing of a firmly underwritten public 
offering of shares of the Company ("IPO") netting at least $30 million at a 
pre-money valuation of the Company of at least $100 million (a "QIPO"). 
Anti-Dilution 
Provisions 
Until a QIPO, if the Company issues new securities at a price per share 
lower than the then applicable conversion price of the Preferred Shares 
(initially, the conversion price shall be the Price Per Share), then in each 
such event the conversion price of the Preferred Shares shall be adjusted on 
a "full ratchet" anti-dilution adjustment. [PLEASE BE MORE SPECIFIC 
REGARDING WHAT IS MEANT BY "FULL-RATCHET" ANTI-
DILUTION 
ADJUSTMENT 
TO 
AVOID 
ANY 
MISUNDERSTANDINGS. 
ALSO NEED TO CONFIRM HERE 
THAT ISSUANCE OF OPTIONS. WARRANTS, CONVERTIBLE 
DEBT, ETC. WITH EXERCISE OR CONVERSION RIGHTS AT A 
EFTA00588750
--- PAGE 4 ---
LOWER PPS WILL TRIGGER DILUTION ADJUSTMENTS AS 
\\ I I I .1 at is very common in Israeli term sheets to mention just 
type of anti-dilution and full ratchet known to be the Prefe 
Holders' right to have additional shares (or adjustment of convers 
price), for no consideration, reflecting any reduced price per share 
the Preferred Holders' investment was made under such reduced p 
turallv this would apply to all manner of securities issuance 
muanv including warrants convertible loans 
etc 
except 
ndard exception (e.g. options granted under the employee incen 
ns, if any); All as will be further described in the defini 
ements / AOA.1 
Protective Provisions 
Certain important actions of the Company shall require the consent of the 
Investor or the Preferred Directors (as defined below), to include, without 
limitation, amongst—othersi—actions to: (i) alter the rights, preferences or 
privileges of the Preferred Shares; (ii) allot-issue 'WHAT IS MEANT BY 
THE TERM "ALLOT". THIS NEEDS TO BE CLARIFIED - DOES 
IT MEAN AUTHORIZED ADDITIONAL PREFERRED SHARES, 
DOES IT MEAN GRANTING OPTIONS OR WARRANTS OR DEBT 
EXERCISABLE FOR OR CONVERTIBLE INTO ORDINARY 
...
SHARES OR PREFERRED SHARES
 Re h 
mewh 
WIROMMITIPPOWNWRIPITIVIMIRKe and below. 
e believe 
there is no need in this TS to further elaborate. It will be fu 
described in the defluitive agreements / AOAI any new securities sheets 
beyond those anticipated by this investment; (iii) JTO THE EXTENT 
IllAT 
IT 
IS 
NOT 
COVERED 
IN 
(ii) 
ABOVE, 
THE 
AUTHORIZATION OR ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL PREFERRED 
SIIARES SHOULD REOUIRE CONSENT', create any new class or 
series of shares IIF NEW CLASS OR SERIES OF SHARES ARE TO 
BE ISSUED, THEN THE INVESTOR CONSENT SHOULD BE 
REQUIRED, WIIETIIER OR NOT EQUAL OR SENIOR TO THE 
PREFERRED I c
nie I; (iv) increase the number of shares reserved for 
issuance to employees and consultants, whether under the Option Pool or 
otherwise. (v) IIF NOT COVERED UNDER "ALLOT" ANY NEW 
SHARES AS PROVIDED IN (ii) ABOVE, THEN GRANTS TO 
ANYONE (NOT JUST EMPLOYEES OR CONSULTANTS) OF 
OPTIONS, WARRANTS, RESTRICTED SHARES, CONVERTIBLE 
DEBT OR SIMILAR RIGHTS. WHETHER FOR ORDINARY 
SIIARES, PREFERRED SHARES, OR ANY OTHER SERIES OR 
CLASS OF SHARES SHOULD REQUIRE CONSENT, EXCEPT 
GRANTS OF OPTIONS TO EMPLOYEES AND CONSULTANTS IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH SPECIFIC VESTING TERMS DEFINED IN 
THE AGREEMENT', grant of options to employees and consultants, 
whether under the Option Pool or otherwise, on vesting terms different than 
the vesting terms that shall be defined in the Definitive Agreement (as 
defined below); (vi) redeem or sale of any shares of the Company, including 
Ordinary Shares, Preferred Shares or any new class or series of shares; (vii) 
declaring or paying any dividend or other distribution of cash, shares or 
other assets, other than a bonus shares issuance paid to all of the 
shareholders of the Company on a pro rata basis; (viii) change the number of 
Board members or otherwise changing its composition; (ix) take any action 
which results in a Deemed Liquidation event or otherwise dissolving, 
liquidating or winding up the Company; (x) amend the incorporation 
documents including Articles of Association; (xi) effect any material change 
to the nature of the business of the Company; (xii) subscribe or otherwise 
EFTA00588751
--- PAGE 5 ---
acquire, or dispose of any shares in the capital of any other company; (xiii) 
affect any interested party transactions with the Company; (xiv) amend the 
signatory rights determined under this transaction; (xv) approve the 
Company's annual operating plan and budget and any material deviations 
from it; (xvi) entering into a transaction with any related party; ec-(xvii) the 
appointment of the CEO, CFO or CTO: or (xviii) create, incur, assume, or 
be liable for any indebtedness exceeding in the aggregate an amount of 
5._. 
(ADD BORROWING AND ISSUING DEBT( 
Voting Rights 
The holders of the Preferred Shares shall vote together with the holders of 
all other shares of the Company, and not as a separate class, in all 
shareholders meetings, except as to matters that by law or pursuant to this 
letter are subject to a class vote. Each Preferred Share shall entitle the holder 
thereof to such number of votes as if such shares had been converted into 
Ordinary Shares. 'UNTIL THERE IS A CONTROLING INTEREST 
ACQUIRED BY INVESTOR, THE HOLDERS OF THE PREFERRED 
SHARES SHOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO VOTE SEPARATELY 
AS 
A 
CLASS 
ON 
ALL 
MATTERS 
TIIAT 
REQUIRE 
SHAREI IOLDER VOTE. Irt will be" 
described in the deflajj 
agreements / AO . 
eneral to the xtent permitted/required 
Israeli law, the preferred shares shall be voted separatelvd 
Board of Directors 
Immediately following the Closing, the board of directors of the Company 
(the "Board") shall consist of a maximum of five (5) members: for so long 
the holders of Ordinary Shares hold together the majority of the Company 
share capital, they may appoint three (3) directors and the holders of 
Preferred Shares may appoint two directors ("Preferred Directors") and, as 
of the time the holders of Ordinary Shares, collectively, no longer hold the 
majority of the Company share capital, they may appoint two (2) directors 
and the holders of Preferred Shares may appoint three (3) Preferred 
Directors. This provision will also apply to any subsidiary of the Company. 
Insurance 
The Company will sign an indemnity agreement with each of the directors 
and will maintain Directors & Officers liability insurance, reasonably 
satisfactory to the Investor. 
Signatory Rights 
At or prior to the Initial Closing, the Company shall adopt a resolution 
effecting the signatory rights which is satisfactory to the Investor. 
Information and 
Management rights 
Until a QIPO, Investor shall have the right to receive: (i) financial 
statements within 60 days after the end of each fiscal year, which have been 
audited by one of the "Big Four" accounting firms; (ii) unaudited, but 
reviewed, quarterly financial statements within 45 days after the end of the 
first, second and third quarters of each fiscal year; (iii) a monthly report in a 
form agreed by the Board including the Preferred Directors, within 15 days 
after the end of each month, which report shall include a business update 
and overview, rofit and loss and cash-flow statement and budget variance 
report ard-explanatory notes iereto [We added the last wording as you 
suggested but we must note that in Israel, especially with companies in 
a very early stage such as Company this is not a common practitik; (iv) 
an annual operating plan and budget at least 30 days prior to the first day of 
the year covered by such plan and (v) such other information as may be 
reasonably required by Investor. 
Investor shall also be entitled to standard inspection and visitation rights. 
EFTA00588752
--- PAGE 6 ---
Pre-emptive Right 
Until a QIPO, the Investor will have the right, but not an obligation, to 
participate in any future sales of securities by the Company, upon the terms 
of such round of financing, and to purchase in such round up to 100% of the 
Company's securities offered in such sale. 
The holders of Preferred Shares Heleler—JWHO IS THE "PREFERRED 
HOLDER"? DO YOU MEAN THE INVESTOR?' may assign this right 
to their Permitted Transferees (as shall be defined in the Company's Articles 
of Association). 'ARTICLES ARE IN HEBREW. PLEASE DEFINE 
"PERMITTED TRANSFEREES" It will be further described in the 
ements / AOA. The amended articles will be in English.' 
Right of First Refusal 
Until a QIPO, each shareholder of the Company holding at least 2% of the 
issued and outstanding shares of the Company (calculated on an as 
converted basis) ("Eligible Shareholder") shall have a pro-rata right of first 
refusal with respect to any sale, transfer or disposition of share capital of the 
Company by any other shareholder of the Company, other than a transfer to 
Permitted Transferees ("Transfer"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing any sale, transfer or disposition of share 
capital of the Company by the Investor, shall not be subject to such right of 
first refusal of the other shareholders. 
Tag Along Right 
Until a QIPO, the Investor shall have the right, with respect to any Transfer, 
to sell, up to all of its shareholdings in the Company, prior and in preference 
to any other shareholder in the Company; on the same general terms and 
conditions proposed under such Transfer ("Preferred Tag Along Right"). 
Thereafter, any shares remaining under a Transfer following the exercising 
of the Preferred Tag Along Right, if any, shall be subject to a pro rata right 
of each Eligible Shareholder, to participate in such Transfer on the same 
general terms and conditions proposed thereunder. 
Registration Rights 
Holders of a majority of the Registrable Shares (as defined below) shall 
have the right, to ene-two (DISCUSS TIIE REASONS FOR LIMITING 
'1 -III' It) OA 1: DI M V\ I) RIGII I 711We altered this to two demands 
but we must note that in Israel (at least in the last few years) one 
demand is the widely common practice and only in special and extreme 
circumstances two demands are requested. In our experience the use of 
`demand' is fairely rare, and usually the common use is with F3 or rule 
1441 "demanclisf registration of their shares in the Company, at the 
Company's expense. All Shareholders of the Company shall be entitled to 
unlimited "piggyback" registration rights and one F-3 registration per a 
calendar year, to be initiated by Holders of a majority of the Registrable 
Shares (provided the aggregate offering price in such F-3 registration is at 
least USS 1,000,000) at the Company's expense. In the case of underwriter 
cut-backs, the shares of the Investor shall have priority over all other shares 
in the Company to be included in any offering in a ratio of 3:1 (1 ordinary 
share for every 3 Registrable Shares). All shareholders agree to a 180-day 
lock-up after the IPO and 90 day lock up after subsequent offerings of the 
Company. Registration rights will be freely assignable in connection with 
any transfer of Registrable Shares. For the purposes of this section, 
"Registrable Shares" shall mean the Preferred Shares of the Company and 
any Ordinary Shares issued upon conversion of the Preferred Shares WAS 
THERE A REASON NOT TO SPECIFY THAT REGISTRABLE 
SHARES ALSO MEANS PREFERRED SHARES ISSUABLE UPON 
EXERCISE OF THE WARRANTS AND THE ORDINARY SHARES 
EFTA00588753
--- PAGE 7 ---
ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF SUCH PREFERRED SHARES 
se clatipt 
do we miss here. It seems this is expressly inclul 
he definitio of "Registrable Shares" in the sentence above. Rem 
u that the Warrants will be invested for Preferred Shares[. Any future 
registration rights granted by the Company which are superior to those 
granted to the holders of Preferred Shares will be subject to the approval of 
the majority of the holders of the Preferred Shares. 
EVEN IF 
APPROVED, 
I HE PREFERRED HOLDERS SHOULD ALSO 
RECEIVE 
Ilit 
SAIL 
-1/44TERIOB" 
RiGit,FR k FION 
RIG I ITSi aire believe that it will not be right to determine upfront that 
any "superior" registration rights shall be applying to the holders of 
Preferred Shares. There could be some scenarios in which the Investor 
may want to approve such superiority without demanding the same for 
itself. We think that it is much preferable to have the above veto right 
and to decide how to use it upon the relevant circumstances.1 
Restrictions on Sale: 
Until the earlier of a QIPO, a Deemed Liquidation or the lapse of four (4) 
years as of the Closing, the Founders shall not be entitled to sell any of their 
shares in the Company, subject to standard exceptions for transfers to 
Permitted Transferees. JFOUNDERS AND INVESTOR'S INTERESTS 
SHOULD BE ALIGNED. IT IS CONCEIVABLE THAT AFTER 4 
YEARS FOUNDERS MIGHT WISH TO EXIT ON TERMS WHICH 
WOULD NOT BE ACCEPTABLE TO INVESTOR, IN WHICH 
CASE, TAG ALONG RIGHTS WOULD NOT BE HELPFUL. THIS 
SHOULD BE DISCUSSED FURTHER.IIThe 4 years no sale a 
oun enIrvhlZSTsWMWM request for itself in some cases 
ether with the pretty aggressive Tag Along rights we requested 
ye are satisfying to our taste and should cover most of Investor's 
cerns in the foreseeable future. It seems to us that any thing beyond 
these restrictions will be very unusual and strict.1 
Founders 
Undertakings 
Each Founder will enter into a non-competition and non-solicitation 
agreement, and an employment agreement in a form reasonably acceptable 
to the Investor, and shall agree to devote his entire business time and 
attention to the Company and to not undertake additional activities without 
the consent of the Investor. A breach of any of the foregoing restrictive 
covenants or undertakings by a Founder shall result in immediate dismissal 
for cause of such Founder. IWE NEED TO DISCUSS REMEDIES IN 
THE EVENT OF SUCH A BREACH. CERTAINLY, INJUNCTIVE 
RELIEF, PAYMENT OF ENFORCEMENT COSTS, LOSS OF 
BOARD 
REPRESENTATION, 
INVALIDATION 
OF 
ANY 
COMPETITIVE CONTRACTS IN VIOLATION, ETC. PERHAPS 
EVEN A FORCED SALE PROVISION AT DISCOUNTED VALUE. 
THIS SI lot LD BE DISCUSSED FUR I III 1:1 
. ,/ know t 
1111fos willim
es
Thrrillirrrorce under the Brae I law. We 
include under the definitive agreement any applicable/enforcea ft
remedy that can be requested under the law[ 
Employee Vesting 
100% of the shares of the Founders ("Restricted Shares") will be subject to 
"reverse vesting" mechanism over a period of 3 years, with a one year cliff, 
contingent - with regard to the shares of each Founder - on that Founder's 
continued employment with the Company. Vesting shall be as follows: 1/3 
of each Founder's Restricted Shares shall vest upon the first anniversary of 
the Closing, and the remainder 2/3 of such Founder's Restricted Shares shall 
vest on a quarterly basis over the remaining 2 years. Any unvested shares 
EFTA00588754
--- PAGE 8 ---
will immediately vest upon an event of Change of Control ITIIE TERM 
"CHANGE OF CONTROL" IS NOT DEFINED - 
NNIIAT IS 
INTENDED HERE?! IMIExit event in which the shareholders will 
er or equity interests of the surviving or acquiring entities. Will be 
r
_ 
 immediately after such transaction less than 50% of the voting 
itied in the definitive agreement! and the engagement 111 II k I IS 
MEAS I lil 
I Ill. I I.1O1 - TM; kGEMLNI•"? DOES I IIIS MI %.S, 
ENIPLON AIEN I.? lit means employment or services agreements! k RE 
THERE SIGNED ENIPLOVNIEN I AGRELMEN IS FOIL 
I HE 
FOUNDERS? 
IS "CAUSE" DEFINED IN 
I IIIM?IlAs part of the 
definitive agreement we will make sure that there are such agreeme 
to our satisfactions (either already existing or shall be executed at/DA 
to the closing)) of such Founder with the Company is terminated by the 
Company not for cause. 
Documentation and 
Warranties 
Detailed definitive agreements among the Investor, the Founders and the 
Company shall be drafted by counsel to the Investor and shall include 
customary covenants, negative covenants, representations and warranties of 
the Company and the Founders reflecting the provisions set forth herein, 
other provisions customary in venture capital transactions and any other 
provisions agreed to by the Investor, Founders and the Company 
("Definitive Agreements"). 
Expenses 
The Company shall bear its own fees and expenses and shall pay at the 
Closing all legal fees and expenses of the Investor, incurred with respect to 
the transaction contemplated hereby. 
Exclusivity 
For a period of 60 business days following the execution of this letter, 
neither the Company or the Founders nor any agent, directly or indirectly, 
will solicit, consider, negotiate or otherwise discuss a possible merger, sale 
or other disposition of all or any part of the shares or assets of the Company 
or an investment in its share capital with any other party. Also, during said 
business day period the Company will not issue any securities of the 
Company nor will it permit a transfer of any securities of the Company. JI5 
THERE 
A 
REASON THAT THE RESTRICTIONS IIEREIN 
SHOULD NOT MIRROR THE PRO I II( I INT PROVISIONINI This 
IIIIIIMPErone issue that aliMMird binding and enforceable against 
Founders/Company. It will be very hard/unusual to ask in such 60 days 
period extensive veto rights for Investor, where the Investor is not at all 
ihmitted to close the deal under this term sheetj 
Said period will automatically be extended by an additional 15 business 
days if the parties are still negotiating the definitive agreements at the 
conclusion of said 60 day period and may be further extended upon the 
agreement of the Company, the Founders and the Investor. 
Confidentiality 
The Company and Founders agree to treat this letter confidentially and will 
not distribute or disclose its existence or contents outside the Company 
without the consent of the Investor, except as required to its relevant 
shareholders, if any JTO WHICH SHAREHOLDERS OTHER THAN 
TILE FOUNDERS IS DISCLOSURE REQUIRED?! iii,n7Mini 
we included all shareholders as Founders in the definition above. In any 
case, to be more accurate we amended it to he 'relevant' shareholders, 
if anyl and professional advisors. 
EFTA00588755
--- PAGE 9 ---
Ordinary Course 
Until the Closing, the Company will conduct its business solely in the ordinary 
course of business and, among other things, will not declare or make any 
distribution to shareholders, enter into any related party transaction or sell its 
assets (other than the Company's products sold in the ordinary course of 
business). 
(AGAIN WHY SHOULDN'T THESE RESTRICTIONS 
MIRROR THE PROTECTIVE PROVISIONS?1 
boomatilibosi 
under 
Non-binding Effect 
This letter is not intended to be legally binding, and prepared for discussion 
purposes only, as a statement of the Investor's present intent, with the 
exception of this paragraph and the paragraphs entitled 'Exclusivity' and 
'Confidentiality', which are binding upon the parties hereto and shall be 
governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel. 
Acknowledged and agreed: 
[INVESTOR' 
Mr. Amir Elichai 
By: 
Print Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. 
By: 
Print Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
Date: 
Alexander Dizengoff 
Date: 
Yoni Yitzon 
Date: 
Lital Leshaem 
Date: 
EFTA00588756

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588757.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUMMARY OF PROPOSED TERMS 
SERIES A PREFERRED SHARES 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. 
Deeember-January 
 , 24142015 
We are happy to confirm our interest, subject to all terms and conditions herein, to explore the 
possibility of an investment in Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. This letter summarizes the 
principal terms of a proposed investment for Preferred A Shares. Except as specifically provided 
herein, this letter is not intended to be a legally binding agreement but is a statement of intent. It 
is presented solely for the purpose of discussion. 
Company 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd., an Israeli company (the "Company"). 
Founders 
Amir Elichai, Alexander Dizengoff, Yoni Yitzon & Lital Leshem 
Investor 
An entity under the control of Mr. Ehud Barak (the "Investor"). 
Structure of Financing 
The Investor shall invest in the Company up to an aggregate amount of US$ 
1,500,000 (the "Investment Amount"), against issuance by the Company of 
Preferred Shares at the Closing (as such terms are defined below) for the 
entire Investment Amount at a price per share of [ 
("PPS") 
(representing a pre-money valuation of USS 3,338,71 
BASIS FOR 
THIS VALI: VTION?II 
was based fol 
a ce 
n flea° a o 
between Ehud and the Company where the parties agreed that the said 
$1.5M investment will provide (25%+6%=)31% shareholdin(, on a 
Fully Diluted Basis (as defined below)) so that immediately following the 
Closing, Investor will hold not less than f31.0%j IA GREATER 
PERCEN I AGE 
OWNERSHIP 
UP 
FRONT, RATHER THAN 
REQUIRING ANOTHER 
$3.5MNI INVESTMENT To GAIN A 
CONTROLLING INTEREST( (Naturally your sultan 
w 
ET= if could ge agreed:Wit seems an excessive reqtWst at this po nt 
From a commercial point of view we thought that if the Company will 
not do well, Investor still has its liquidation preference and if Company 
will flourish Investor has its right (not obligation) to increase its holding 
and gain control through the Warrants. We believe this would be a 
soften requirement on our behalf that will be easier for Company to 
accept[ of the Company's share capital, on a Fully Diluted Basis. 
The Investment Amount shall be provided to Company in two subsequent 
equal installments as follows: 
(i) an amount of USS L7-50000,000 out of the Investment Amount will be 
provided at the Closing; and 
(ii) Subject to the following, the remaining amount of US$ 7-50500,000 out of 
the Investment Amount will be provided within _ months as of the Closing, 
conditioned upon achievement by the Company of the milestone(s) set forth 
under Annex 1 of this letter at or prior to such time, to Investor's satisfactions. 
'THERE SIIOULD BE A GREATER NUMBER OF SMALLER 
INSTALLMENTS MATCHED TO THE BUDGET AND PROJECTED 
EFTA00588757
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASH NEEDS AND ACCOMPLISHMENT OF THE MILESTONES. 
WE ALSO NEED TO SEE THE PROPOSED ANNEX 1 MILESTONES. 
Jrt is our understanding that following certain discussion between Ehud 
and the Company, he was convinced that smaller trenches of Investment 
will not be feasible here and there should be a minimum of financial 
flexibility for Company to work its operation. Ehud is welcome to 
comment or correct if we got it wronglllast minutes comment — we were 
just informed that the actual aerced trenches are Sim at first stage and 
$0.5m later 
Fully Diluted Basis 
In this letter, "Fully Diluted Basis" includes, without limitation, all issued and 
outstanding share capital of the Company, all securities issuable upon the 
conversion of any existing convertible securities, notes or loans, the exercise of 
all outstanding warrants, options, adjustments of numbers of shares triggered 
by this financing (if any), any shares or options to acquire shares issued to any 
person as a finder's fee or similar arrangement in connection with the 
Investment and an unallocated option pool for future allotment to employees, 
consultants and directors of the Company, representing 12% of the issued and 
outstanding share capital of the Company immediately following the Closing 
("Option Pool") (assuming the Warrant(s) (as defined below) were not 
exercised by the Investor). 
Capitalization Table 
The detailed pre-Closing and post-Closing capitalization of the Company is 
set forth in the Capitalization Table attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
Conditions to Close 
Closing of the transaction contemplated hereunder is subject to (i) satisfaction 
of the parties due diligence requirements, including financial and legal 
diligence, and (ii) the signing of mutually acceptable Definitive Agreements 
(as defined below). 
Estimated Closing 
Date 
[Closing Date] (the "Closing"). 
Type of Security 
Series A Convertible Preferred Shares (the "Preferred Shares"), initially 
convertible on a one to one basis into Ordinary Shares of the Company (the 
"Ordinary Shares"), subject to adjustment as provided below. 
Warrant(s) 
At the Closing, the Company will issue: (i) a first warrant to the Investor that 
will allow it (or any of its assignees) to purchase additional Preferred Shares by 
investing an additional amount of up to US$ 1,000,000, at an exercise price of 
150% of the PPS (subject to anti-dilutive adjustment and routine standard 
recapitalization adjustment [WHAT IS MEANT 
BY "ROUTINE 
RECAPITALIZATION ADJUSTMENT" AND WHAT ABOUT OTHER 
ANTIDILUTION?1J and, in addition (ii) a second warrant to the Investor 
that will allow it (or any of its assignees) to purchase additional Preferred 
Shares by investing an additional amount of up to US$ 2,500,000, at an 
exercise price of 175% of the PPS (subject to anti-dilutive adjustment and 
routine standard recapitalization adjustment JWIIAT IS MEANT BY 
"ROUTINE RECAP1TA I.It k [ION ADJUSTMENT" AND 
WW II k I 
ABOUT 
OTHER 
ANT I Diu TioN?t) 
rased. Also, standard 
t
vitalization adiustment are all technical adjustment known and 
oted as shall Mt -further described in the defensiveavemeatil, 
conditioned upon the exercising of the aforesaid first warrant (collectively the 
"Warrant(s)"). The Warrant(s) will be valid for a period of 48 months after 
the Closing. Exercise of such Warrant(s) may be cashless at the discretion of 
EFTA00588758
--- PAGE 3 ---
the Warrants) holder. INN AT IS THE BASIS FOR THE 150% AND 
1- 5% OF TIIE PPS EXERCISE PRICES? I Ike numbers here re 
our suggestion of amounts an 
is that we believe can 
accepted by Company and allow Investor to gain control in due time. For 
illustration purposes you can see how this was computed in the attached 
Cap Tablet 
Use of Proceeds 
The Investment Amount shall be used by the Company to continue the 
development of the Company's technology, know-how, sales and marketing 
programs and provide general working capital, pursuant to a budget prepared 
by the Company, agreed by the Investor and attached to the Definitive 
Agreements. 
Liquidation I Dividend 
Preference 
In the event of any liquidation event, Deemed Liquidation (as defined below) 
and/or distribution of dividends, the holders of the Preferred Shares will be 
entitled to receive prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the 
Company's assets or funds to all other equity securities of the Company (in 
cash, cash equivalents, or, if applicable, securities), for each Preferred Share, 
an amount equal to: (i) 100% of the PPS, plus (ii) 8% annual interest on that 
amount, compounded annually, from the Closing (together, the "Preference A 
Amount"). 
Any surplus of assets or funds remaining (if any) after the payment in full of 
the Preference A Amount less any amounts paid as preferential dividends prior 
to that date will then be distributed pro rata among all the shareholders of the 
Company, including the holders of Preferred Shares, on an as-converted basis. 
A "Deemed Liquidation" shall mean any of the following transactions: an 
acquisition of the Company or a merger between the Company and another 
non-affiliated entity in which the shareholders of the Company do not own a 
majority of the shares of the surviving entity, the sale of all or substantially all 
of the Company's assets, or of the shares of the Company, an exclusive, 
irrevocable license of all or substantially all of the Company's intellectual 
property to a third party, or any other transaction in which control of the 
Company (at least 50%) is transferred (other than a IPO or other bona fide 
financing transaction). 
Conversion 
Each holder of Preferred Shares shall have the right to convert its shares at 
any time into Ordinary Shares at an initial conversion rate of 1:1, subject to 
proportional adjustment for share splits, dividends or recapitalizations or a 
similar event and any anti-dilution adjustments. The Preferred Shares shall 
automatically convert into Ordinary Shares if (a) the Investor consents to 
such conversion or (b) upon the closing of a firmly underwritten public 
offering of shares of the Company ("IPO") netting at least $30 million at a 
pre-money valuation of the Company of at least $100 million (a "QIPO"). 
Anti-Dilution 
Provisions 
Until a QIPO, if the Company issues new securities at a price per share 
lower than the then applicable conversion price of the Preferred Shares 
(initially, the conversion price shall be the Price Per Share), then in each 
such event the conversion price of the Preferred Shares shall be adjusted on 
a "full ratchet" anti-dilution adjustment. [PLEASE BE MORE SPECIFIC 
REGARDING WHAT IS MEANT BY "FULL-RATCHET" ANTI-
DILUTION 
ADJUSTMENT 
TO 
AVOID 
ANY 
MISUNDERSTANDINGS. 
ALSO NEED TO CONFIRM HERE 
THAT ISSUANCE OF OPTIONS. WARRANTS, CONVERTIBLE 
DEBT, ETC. WITH EXERCISE OR CONVERSION RIGHTS AT A 
EFTA00588759
--- PAGE 4 ---
LOWER PPS WILL TRIGGER DILUTION ADJUSTMENTS AS 
\\ I I I .1 at is very common in Israeli term sheets to mention just 
type of anti-dilution and full ratchet known to be the Prefe 
Holders' right to have additional shares (or adjustment of convers 
price), for no consideration, reflecting any reduced price per share 
the Preferred Holders' investment was made under such reduced p 
turallv this would apply to all manner of securities issuance 
muanv including warrants convertible loans 
etc 
except 
ndard exception (e.g. options granted under the employee incen 
ns, if any); All as will be further described in the defini 
ements / AOA.1 
Protective Provisions 
Certain important actions of the Company shall require the consent of the 
Investor or the Preferred Directors (as defined below), to include, without 
limitation, amongst—othersi—actions to: (i) alter the rights, preferences or 
privileges of the Preferred Shares; (ii) allot-issue 'WHAT IS MEANT BY 
THE TERM "ALLOT". THIS NEEDS TO BE CLARIFIED - DOES 
IT MEAN AUTHORIZED ADDITIONAL PREFERRED SHARES, 
DOES IT MEAN GRANTING OPTIONS OR WARRANTS OR DEBT 
EXERCISABLE FOR OR CONVERTIBLE INTO ORDINARY 
...
SHARES OR PREFERRED SHARES
 Re h 
mewh 
WIROMMITIPPOWNWRIPITIVIMIRKe and below. 
e believe 
there is no need in this TS to further elaborate. It will be fu 
described in the defluitive agreements / AOAI any new securities sheets 
beyond those anticipated by this investment; (iii) JTO THE EXTENT 
IllAT 
IT 
IS 
NOT 
COVERED 
IN 
(ii) 
ABOVE, 
THE 
AUTHORIZATION OR ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL PREFERRED 
SIIARES SHOULD REOUIRE CONSENT', create any new class or 
series of shares IIF NEW CLASS OR SERIES OF SHARES ARE TO 
BE ISSUED, THEN THE INVESTOR CONSENT SHOULD BE 
REQUIRED, WIIETIIER OR NOT EQUAL OR SENIOR TO THE 
PREFERRED I c
nie I; (iv) increase the number of shares reserved for 
issuance to employees and consultants, whether under the Option Pool or 
otherwise. (v) IIF NOT COVERED UNDER "ALLOT" ANY NEW 
SHARES AS PROVIDED IN (ii) ABOVE, THEN GRANTS TO 
ANYONE (NOT JUST EMPLOYEES OR CONSULTANTS) OF 
OPTIONS, WARRANTS, RESTRICTED SHARES, CONVERTIBLE 
DEBT OR SIMILAR RIGHTS. WHETHER FOR ORDINARY 
SIIARES, PREFERRED SHARES, OR ANY OTHER SERIES OR 
CLASS OF SHARES SHOULD REQUIRE CONSENT, EXCEPT 
GRANTS OF OPTIONS TO EMPLOYEES AND CONSULTANTS IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH SPECIFIC VESTING TERMS DEFINED IN 
THE AGREEMENT', grant of options to employees and consultants, 
whether under the Option Pool or otherwise, on vesting terms different than 
the vesting terms that shall be defined in the Definitive Agreement (as 
defined below); (vi) redeem or sale of any shares of the Company, including 
Ordinary Shares, Preferred Shares or any new class or series of shares; (vii) 
declaring or paying any dividend or other distribution of cash, shares or 
other assets, other than a bonus shares issuance paid to all of the 
shareholders of the Company on a pro rata basis; (viii) change the number of 
Board members or otherwise changing its composition; (ix) take any action 
which results in a Deemed Liquidation event or otherwise dissolving, 
liquidating or winding up the Company; (x) amend the incorporation 
documents including Articles of Association; (xi) effect any material change 
to the nature of the business of the Company; (xii) subscribe or otherwise 
EFTA00588760
--- PAGE 5 ---
acquire, or dispose of any shares in the capital of any other company; (xiii) 
affect any interested party transactions with the Company; (xiv) amend the 
signatory rights determined under this transaction; (xv) approve the 
Company's annual operating plan and budget and any material deviations 
from it; (xvi) entering into a transaction with any related party; ec-(xvii) the 
appointment of the CEO, CFO or CTO: or (xviii) create, incur, assume, or 
be liable for any indebtedness exceeding in the aggregate an amount of 
5._. 
(ADD BORROWING AND ISSUING DEBT( 
Voting Rights 
The holders of the Preferred Shares shall vote together with the holders of 
all other shares of the Company, and not as a separate class, in all 
shareholders meetings, except as to matters that by law or pursuant to this 
letter are subject to a class vote. Each Preferred Share shall entitle the holder 
thereof to such number of votes as if such shares had been converted into 
Ordinary Shares. 'UNTIL THERE IS A CONTROLING INTEREST 
ACQUIRED BY INVESTOR, THE HOLDERS OF THE PREFERRED 
SHARES SHOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO VOTE SEPARATELY 
AS 
A 
CLASS 
ON 
ALL 
MATTERS 
TIIAT 
REQUIRE 
SHAREI IOLDER VOTE. Irt will be" 
described in the deflajj 
agreements / AO . 
eneral to the xtent permitted/required 
Israeli law, the preferred shares shall be voted separatelvd 
Board of Directors 
Immediately following the Closing, the board of directors of the Company 
(the "Board") shall consist of a maximum of five (5) members: for so long 
the holders of Ordinary Shares hold together the majority of the Company 
share capital, they may appoint three (3) directors and the holders of 
Preferred Shares may appoint two directors ("Preferred Directors") and, as 
of the time the holders of Ordinary Shares, collectively, no longer hold the 
majority of the Company share capital, they may appoint two (2) directors 
and the holders of Preferred Shares may appoint three (3) Preferred 
Directors. This provision will also apply to any subsidiary of the Company. 
Insurance 
The Company will sign an indemnity agreement with each of the directors 
and will maintain Directors & Officers liability insurance, reasonably 
satisfactory to the Investor. 
Signatory Rights 
At or prior to the Initial Closing, the Company shall adopt a resolution 
effecting the signatory rights which is satisfactory to the Investor. 
Information and 
Management rights 
Until a QIPO, Investor shall have the right to receive: (i) financial 
statements within 60 days after the end of each fiscal year, which have been 
audited by one of the "Big Four" accounting firms; (ii) unaudited, but 
reviewed, quarterly financial statements within 45 days after the end of the 
first, second and third quarters of each fiscal year; (iii) a monthly report in a 
form agreed by the Board including the Preferred Directors, within 15 days 
after the end of each month, which report shall include a business update 
and overview, rofit and loss and cash-flow statement and budget variance 
report ard-explanatory notes iereto [We added the last wording as you 
suggested but we must note that in Israel, especially with companies in 
a very early stage such as Company this is not a common practitik; (iv) 
an annual operating plan and budget at least 30 days prior to the first day of 
the year covered by such plan and (v) such other information as may be 
reasonably required by Investor. 
Investor shall also be entitled to standard inspection and visitation rights. 
EFTA00588761
--- PAGE 6 ---
Pre-emptive Right 
Until a QIPO, the Investor will have the right, but not an obligation, to 
participate in any future sales of securities by the Company, upon the terms 
of such round of financing, and to purchase in such round up to 100% of the 
Company's securities offered in such sale. 
The holders of Preferred Shares Heleler—JWHO IS THE "PREFERRED 
HOLDER"? DO YOU MEAN THE INVESTOR?' may assign this right 
to their Permitted Transferees (as shall be defined in the Company's Articles 
of Association). 'ARTICLES ARE IN HEBREW. PLEASE DEFINE 
"PERMITTED TRANSFEREES" It will be further described in the 
ements / AOA. The amended articles will be in English.' 
Right of First Refusal 
Until a QIPO, each shareholder of the Company holding at least 2% of the 
issued and outstanding shares of the Company (calculated on an as 
converted basis) ("Eligible Shareholder") shall have a pro-rata right of first 
refusal with respect to any sale, transfer or disposition of share capital of the 
Company by any other shareholder of the Company, other than a transfer to 
Permitted Transferees ("Transfer"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing any sale, transfer or disposition of share 
capital of the Company by the Investor, shall not be subject to such right of 
first refusal of the other shareholders. 
Tag Along Right 
Until a QIPO, the Investor shall have the right, with respect to any Transfer, 
to sell, up to all of its shareholdings in the Company, prior and in preference 
to any other shareholder in the Company; on the same general terms and 
conditions proposed under such Transfer ("Preferred Tag Along Right"). 
Thereafter, any shares remaining under a Transfer following the exercising 
of the Preferred Tag Along Right, if any, shall be subject to a pro rata right 
of each Eligible Shareholder, to participate in such Transfer on the same 
general terms and conditions proposed thereunder. 
Registration Rights 
Holders of a majority of the Registrable Shares (as defined below) shall 
have the right, to ene-two (DISCUSS TIIE REASONS FOR LIMITING 
'1 -III' It) OA 1: DI M V\ I) RIGII I 711We altered this to two demands 
but we must note that in Israel (at least in the last few years) one 
demand is the widely common practice and only in special and extreme 
circumstances two demands are requested. In our experience the use of 
`demand' is fairely rare, and usually the common use is with F3 or rule 
1441 "demanclisf registration of their shares in the Company, at the 
Company's expense. All Shareholders of the Company shall be entitled to 
unlimited "piggyback" registration rights and one F-3 registration per a 
calendar year, to be initiated by Holders of a majority of the Registrable 
Shares (provided the aggregate offering price in such F-3 registration is at 
least USS 1,000,000) at the Company's expense. In the case of underwriter 
cut-backs, the shares of the Investor shall have priority over all other shares 
in the Company to be included in any offering in a ratio of 3:1 (1 ordinary 
share for every 3 Registrable Shares). All shareholders agree to a 180-day 
lock-up after the IPO and 90 day lock up after subsequent offerings of the 
Company. Registration rights will be freely assignable in connection with 
any transfer of Registrable Shares. For the purposes of this section, 
"Registrable Shares" shall mean the Preferred Shares of the Company and 
any Ordinary Shares issued upon conversion of the Preferred Shares WAS 
THERE A REASON NOT TO SPECIFY THAT REGISTRABLE 
SHARES ALSO MEANS PREFERRED SHARES ISSUABLE UPON 
EXERCISE OF THE WARRANTS AND THE ORDINARY SHARES 
EFTA00588762
--- PAGE 7 ---
ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF SUCH PREFERRED SHARES 
se clatipt 
do we miss here. It seems this is expressly inclul 
he definitio of "Registrable Shares" in the sentence above. Rem 
u that the Warrants will be invested for Preferred Shares[. Any future 
registration rights granted by the Company which are superior to those 
granted to the holders of Preferred Shares will be subject to the approval of 
the majority of the holders of the Preferred Shares. 
EVEN IF 
APPROVED, 
I HE PREFERRED HOLDERS SHOULD ALSO 
RECEIVE 
Ilit 
SAIL 
-1/44TERIOB" 
RiGit,FR k FION 
RIG I ITSi aire believe that it will not be right to determine upfront that 
any "superior" registration rights shall be applying to the holders of 
Preferred Shares. There could be some scenarios in which the Investor 
may want to approve such superiority without demanding the same for 
itself. We think that it is much preferable to have the above veto right 
and to decide how to use it upon the relevant circumstances.1 
Restrictions on Sale: 
Until the earlier of a QIPO, a Deemed Liquidation or the lapse of four (4) 
years as of the Closing, the Founders shall not be entitled to sell any of their 
shares in the Company, subject to standard exceptions for transfers to 
Permitted Transferees. JFOUNDERS AND INVESTOR'S INTERESTS 
SHOULD BE ALIGNED. IT IS CONCEIVABLE THAT AFTER 4 
YEARS FOUNDERS MIGHT WISH TO EXIT ON TERMS WHICH 
WOULD NOT BE ACCEPTABLE TO INVESTOR, IN WHICH 
CASE, TAG ALONG RIGHTS WOULD NOT BE HELPFUL. THIS 
SHOULD BE DISCUSSED FURTHER.IIThe 4 years no sale a 
oun enIrvhlZSTsWMWM request for itself in some cases 
ether with the pretty aggressive Tag Along rights we requested 
ye are satisfying to our taste and should cover most of Investor's 
cerns in the foreseeable future. It seems to us that any thing beyond 
these restrictions will be very unusual and strict.1 
Founders 
Undertakings 
Each Founder will enter into a non-competition and non-solicitation 
agreement, and an employment agreement in a form reasonably acceptable 
to the Investor, and shall agree to devote his entire business time and 
attention to the Company and to not undertake additional activities without 
the consent of the Investor. A breach of any of the foregoing restrictive 
covenants or undertakings by a Founder shall result in immediate dismissal 
for cause of such Founder. IWE NEED TO DISCUSS REMEDIES IN 
THE EVENT OF SUCH A BREACH. CERTAINLY, INJUNCTIVE 
RELIEF, PAYMENT OF ENFORCEMENT COSTS, LOSS OF 
BOARD 
REPRESENTATION, 
INVALIDATION 
OF 
ANY 
COMPETITIVE CONTRACTS IN VIOLATION, ETC. PERHAPS 
EVEN A FORCED SALE PROVISION AT DISCOUNTED VALUE. 
THIS SI lot LD BE DISCUSSED FUR I III 1:1 
. ,/ know t 
1111fos willim
es
Thrrillirrrorce under the Brae I law. We 
include under the definitive agreement any applicable/enforcea ft
remedy that can be requested under the law[ 
Employee Vesting 
100% of the shares of the Founders ("Restricted Shares") will be subject to 
"reverse vesting" mechanism over a period of 3 years, with a one year cliff, 
contingent - with regard to the shares of each Founder - on that Founder's 
continued employment with the Company. Vesting shall be as follows: 1/3 
of each Founder's Restricted Shares shall vest upon the first anniversary of 
the Closing, and the remainder 2/3 of such Founder's Restricted Shares shall 
vest on a quarterly basis over the remaining 2 years. Any unvested shares 
EFTA00588763
--- PAGE 8 ---
will immediately vest upon an event of Change of Control ITIIE TERM 
"CHANGE OF CONTROL" IS NOT DEFINED - 
NNIIAT IS 
INTENDED HERE?! IMIExit event in which the shareholders will 
er or equity interests of the surviving or acquiring entities. Will be 
r
_ 
 immediately after such transaction less than 50% of the voting 
itied in the definitive agreement! and the engagement 111 II k I IS 
MEAS I lil 
I Ill. I I.1O1 - TM; kGEMLNI•"? DOES I IIIS MI %.S, 
ENIPLON AIEN I.? lit means employment or services agreements! k RE 
THERE SIGNED ENIPLOVNIEN I AGRELMEN IS FOIL 
I HE 
FOUNDERS? 
IS "CAUSE" DEFINED IN 
I IIIM?IlAs part of the 
definitive agreement we will make sure that there are such agreeme 
to our satisfactions (either already existing or shall be executed at/DA 
to the closing)) of such Founder with the Company is terminated by the 
Company not for cause. 
Documentation and 
Warranties 
Detailed definitive agreements among the Investor, the Founders and the 
Company shall be drafted by counsel to the Investor and shall include 
customary covenants, negative covenants, representations and warranties of 
the Company and the Founders reflecting the provisions set forth herein, 
other provisions customary in venture capital transactions and any other 
provisions agreed to by the Investor, Founders and the Company 
("Definitive Agreements"). 
Expenses 
The Company shall bear its own fees and expenses and shall pay at the 
Closing all legal fees and expenses of the Investor, incurred with respect to 
the transaction contemplated hereby. 
Exclusivity 
For a period of 60 business days following the execution of this letter, 
neither the Company or the Founders nor any agent, directly or indirectly, 
will solicit, consider, negotiate or otherwise discuss a possible merger, sale 
or other disposition of all or any part of the shares or assets of the Company 
or an investment in its share capital with any other party. Also, during said 
business day period the Company will not issue any securities of the 
Company nor will it permit a transfer of any securities of the Company. JI5 
THERE 
A 
REASON THAT THE RESTRICTIONS IIEREIN 
SHOULD NOT MIRROR THE PRO I II( I INT PROVISIONINI This 
IIIIIIMPErone issue that aliMMird binding and enforceable against 
Founders/Company. It will be very hard/unusual to ask in such 60 days 
period extensive veto rights for Investor, where the Investor is not at all 
ihmitted to close the deal under this term sheetj 
Said period will automatically be extended by an additional 15 business 
days if the parties are still negotiating the definitive agreements at the 
conclusion of said 60 day period and may be further extended upon the 
agreement of the Company, the Founders and the Investor. 
Confidentiality 
The Company and Founders agree to treat this letter confidentially and will 
not distribute or disclose its existence or contents outside the Company 
without the consent of the Investor, except as required to its relevant 
shareholders, if any JTO WHICH SHAREHOLDERS OTHER THAN 
TILE FOUNDERS IS DISCLOSURE REQUIRED?! iii,n7Mini 
we included all shareholders as Founders in the definition above. In any 
case, to be more accurate we amended it to he 'relevant' shareholders, 
if anyl and professional advisors. 
EFTA00588764
--- PAGE 9 ---
Ordinary Course 
Until the Closing, the Company will conduct its business solely in the ordinary 
course of business and, among other things, will not declare or make any 
distribution to shareholders, enter into any related party transaction or sell its 
assets (other than the Company's products sold in the ordinary course of 
business). 
(AGAIN WHY SHOULDN'T THESE RESTRICTIONS 
MIRROR THE PROTECTIVE PROVISIONS?1 
boomatilibosi 
under 
Non-binding Effect 
This letter is not intended to be legally binding, and prepared for discussion 
purposes only, as a statement of the Investor's present intent, with the 
exception of this paragraph and the paragraphs entitled 'Exclusivity' and 
'Confidentiality', which are binding upon the parties hereto and shall be 
governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel. 
Acknowledged and agreed: 
[INVESTOR' 
Mr. Amir Elichai 
By: 
Print Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. 
By: 
Print Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
Date: 
Alexander Dizengoff 
Date: 
Yoni Yitzon 
Date: 
Lital Leshaem 
Date: 
EFTA00588765

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588766.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588766.pdf
----------------------------------------
CANCER CENTER FOR HEALING 
MEDICAL QUESTIONNAIRE 
Please fill out the medical questionnaire below. Once completed, please save and return as an attachment by 
email to 
. Once Dana receives the information she will contact you to 
arrange a consultation with one of our Cancer Team Doctors. After the consult we will customize a 
treatment plan. 
INSURANCE INFORMATION: Please provide Cancer Center For Healing with a front and back copy of your 
Insurance card so we can verify coverage prior to your consultation. 
NOTE•: In lieu of medical records, please send all pertinent scan reports (MRI, Ultrasounds, PET) and all 
pertinent labs taken in the last 3 months to 
We do not accept records on 
CDs, please provide us with a word or PDF document. 
Patient Name: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
DOB: 
Jan. 20, 1953 
Age: 
Sex: 
Male 
Home Phone: 
212 750 9895 
Cell Phone: 
212 533 3739 
Who do we contact to set up the 
consultation name & hone number : 
Lesle 
Email: 
Home Address: 
Street, City, State & Zip 
East 71g Street 
New York, New York 10021 
Date of Cancer Diagnosis: 
Type of Cancer (Pathology Diagnosis): 
Hu es, Suite 120B Irvine, CA 92618 
EFTA00588766
--- PAGE 2 ---
CANCER CENTER FOR HEALING 
Cancer Stage: 
Have you received Chemo? What 
dates did you receive treatment?: 
Have you received Radiation? What 
dates did you receive treatment?: 
Have you had surgery to treat your 
cancer? What date(s) did you have 
the surgery(s) on? 
Any Complications from previous 
treatments?: 
Date of last bloodwork: 
Date of last PET Scan: 
Therapies currently receiving for 
psychological/emotional wellbeing: 
Father's medical history: 
Hughes, Suite 120B I Irvine, CAI 92618 
Direct: (949) 581-HOPE Fax: 949 606-893 
EFTA00588767
--- PAGE 3 ---
CANCER CENTER FOR 14.. IT.A I IV; 
Mothers medical history: 
Family medical history: 
Do you have a history of smoking or 
drinking? 
Have you ever been hospitalized? 
What was your diagnosis? What 
dates were you in the hospital? 
What is your dental history? Any 
major procedures 
Are you in pain?: 
Specify type of pain on a scale from 
to 10: 
Pain medication type and dosage: 
When do you plan to start treatment 
with Cancer Center For Healing?: 
How did you hear about Cancer 
Center For Healing?: 
Hu es, Suite 120B Irvine, CA 92618 
EFTA00588768
--- PAGE 4 ---
CANCER CENTER FOR HEALING 
Additional information we should 
know: 
Hu es, Suite 120B Irvine, CA 92618 
EFTA00588769

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588770.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL 
The cellular basis of feelings and its medical implications 
A Research Proposal 
Antonio Damasio and Gil Carvalho 
University of Southern California 
1. Feelings: biological origins and medical impact 
Feelings are the mental experiences that accompany and describe a particular 
class of ongoing body states. The physiological states eliciting feelings are of two main 
types: drives (hunger, thirst, pleasure, pain, etc.) and emotions (fear, sadness, joy, etc.). 
Feelings provide a high level of homeostatic regulation, since conscious experience 
forces attention on the underlying physiological conditions, and thus facilitates 
responses to and learning from both adverse and advantageous situations. In turn, such 
learning permits the anticipation of future situations and the planning of suitable 
behaviors, thus conferring an important evolutionary advantage on the organisms that 
possess them. 
The biological relevance of feelings is illustrated by the fact that their 
dysregulation underlies some of the most devastating medical and public health 
problems of our time — for example, depression, substance addictions and intractable 
EFTA00588770
--- PAGE 2 ---
pain, which are all disorders centered on pathologies of feeling. Depression alone is the 
leading cause of disease in the US and the leading cause of non-infectious disease 
worldwide. 
Despite the magnitude of these issues, the neurophysiology of feelings remains 
largely mysterious, and the mechanism of the aforementioned pathologies has yet to be 
fully understood. Consequently, the available therapies for these disorders are not 
specific and are unsatisfactory. Elucidating the cellular basis of feeling is likely to lead to 
new therapeutic advances and have major biomedical impact. 
Unlike any other life form before them, the first organisms capable of conscious 
experience became aware of aspects of their own existence. Feelings paved the way 
for higher levels of cognition, culminating in the modern human mind. Feelings 
constitute the most rudimentary level of consciousness and the foundation on which its 
more complex levels are erected. Shedding light on the physiology of feelings will 
therefore significantly advance our understanding of the human mind. 
2. The cellular basis of feelings 
We hypothesize that feelings emerge from cellular processes that take place in the 
unmyelinated axons of the interoceptive nervous system. 
Three lines of evidence lend support to this hypothesis, the outline of which has just 
been published in Nature Reviews Neuroscience', one of the journals with the highest 
citation impact within neuroscience. 
EFTA00588771
--- PAGE 3 ---
First, feelings pertain to the physiological state of the body. Feelings describe states 
of the body, in particular visceral sensations, and provide an experiential window into 
homeostatic processes. 
Second, several areas of the nervous system that receive interoceptive signals (i.e. 
signals pertaining to the physiological state of the body), and that together monitor the 
internal milieu and act as a central homeostatic "control panel", are activated when 
feelings are induced. 
Third, interoceptive pathways and centers are predominantly unmyelinated, that is, 
their axons lack the glial cell wrappings known to accelerate nerve conduction. 
We posit that this lack of myelin is critical to the cellular processes leading to the 
emergence of feeling states. Specifically, we venture that the absence of myelin around 
interoceptive neurons allows membrane receptors on the surface of these cells to be 
reached by circulating ligands (Fig. 1), a process that plays a central role in the sensing 
of the internal milieu and consequently underlies interoception. 
This scenario would provide an explanation for the persistence of unmyelinated 
fibers in higher animals and provide a pivotal insight into the cellular basis of feeling and 
consciousness. 
EFTA00588772
--- PAGE 4 ---
A 
B 
membrane receptor 
Figure 1. In unmyelinated axons (A), membrane receptors present along the length of the fiber are 
exposed and free to interact with circulating ligands. In myelinated fibers (B), on the other hand, the 
myelin sheath blocks ligand access to membrane receptors, limiting the chemosensitivity of the axonal 
trunks. 
3. Preliminary experimental approach 
A. We will test the hypothesis that myelin blocks the access of circulating ligands to 
membrane receptors. The first proof of principle set of experiments will be conducted in 
vitro. 
Several membrane receptors involved in interoception are known to be expressed in 
the axonal trunk (i.e. the length of the axon, as opposed to its terminals) of interoceptive 
EFTA00588773
--- PAGE 5 ---
neurons, including the vagus nerve. Moreover, binding of ligands to these receptors can 
trigger action potentials, showing that they are indeed functional. 
We will study the function of these receptors in cultured neurons, both in the 
presence and absence of myelin sheaths. If myelin indeed impairs ligand binding, one 
would expect that unmyelinated fibers would be responsive to the ligand treatment, 
whereas myelinated ones would not. 
Artificially induced myelination might interfere with axonal function non-specifically. 
To rule out this trivial explanation, we will apply ligands to either the nerve terminals 
alone, or the axonal trunk alone. If myelination hinders receptor activation by physically 
blocking ligand access, ligands should have no effect in the axonal trunk of myelinated 
fibers, while retaining their effect in axonal terminals. On the other hand, if the 
myelination process interferes with fiber function non-specifically, the effect of ligands 
should be diminished both in the trunk and the nerve terminals. 
B. The next phase of this project will proceed in an in vivo model. Myelination of 
normally unmyelinated neurons can be induced via expression of a specific membrane 
protein, neuregulin 1 type III (NRG1-III). We will create mutant mice in which different 
subsets of interoceptive fibers have been myelinated. The function of these fibers will be 
tested upon treatment with the respective ligands. Fiber activity can be monitored with 
the help of electrophysiology and/or imaging techniques. We will also study the behavior 
of these animals. Tissue damage leads to the release of circulating molecules that bind 
interoceptive receptors, triggering pain and several accompanying measurable 
behaviors. Monitoring these pain-associated behaviors after ligand treatment in animals 
EFTA00588774
--- PAGE 6 ---
bearing abnormally myelinated interoceptive neurons, will address the physiological role 
of myelin sheaths and test our hypothesis that myelin impairs ligand binding and 
interoceptive function. 
C. In a subsequent phase, motivational and emotional correlates (assayed via tasks 
related to motivation, emotion and reward) will be studied in existing animal models of 
hyper- and undermyelination. 
D. A complementary approach involves using currently available pharmacological 
agonists and antagonists of interoceptive membrane receptors. We will test the effect of 
these molecules on animal models of depression and other disorders of affect. Given 
that these are primarily pathologies of feeling, affecting body state sensing by 
modulating the function of interoceptive fibers pharmacologically may influence the 
general affective state of the animal as inferred by its behavior. 
Further reading 
1. The nature of feelings: evolutionary and neurobiological origins. Damasio A, Carvalho 
GB, Nat Rev Neurosci. 2013; 14(2):143-52. 
EFTA00588775

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588776.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588776.pdf
----------------------------------------
NAR INVESTMENTS LLC 
AGREEMENT OF LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
Dated: as of 
, 2014 
Doca: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588776
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
ARTICLE I ESTABLISHMENT OF THE COMPANY 
1.1 
Formation 
1.2 
Name 
1.3 
Purpose and Business of the Company 
1.4 
Powers 
1.5 
Term 
1.6 
Registered Office; Agent for Service of Process 
1.7 
Principal Office 
ARTICLE II DEFINITIONS 
2.1 
Definitions 
ARTICLE III CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND CAPITAL ACCOUNTS 
3.1 
Capital Accounts 
3.2 
Additional Contributions 
3.3 
Loans 
ARTICLE IV ALLOCATION OF PROFIT AND LOSS 
4.1 
Allocation of Profits and Losses 
4.2 
Regulatory Allocations 
ARTICLE V DISTRIBUTIONS 
5.1 
Distributions Other Than Upon Winding-Up 
5.2 
Distributions Upon Winding Up 
ARTICLE VI TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
6.1 
Right of First Refusal 
6.2 
Permitted Transfers 
6.3 
Certain Prohibited Transfers 
6.4 
Other Purported Transfers 
6.5 
Right to Withdraw 
ARTICLE VII DISSOLUTION AND WINDING-UP 
7.1 
Events Occasioning Dissolution 
7.2 
Winding-Up 
7.3 
Liquidating Distributions 
ARTICLE VIII MANAGEMENT 
8.1 
Management by the Managers 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588777
--- PAGE 3 ---
8.2 
Number of Managers and Term of Office 
8.3 
Successor and Additional Managers 
8.4 
Resignation and Removal 
8.5 
Death, Dissolution, Incapacity or Bankruptcy of a Manager 
8.6 
Death, Incapacity or Bankruptcy of a Member 
8.7 
Other Interests 
8.8 
Reliance by Third Parties 
8.9 
Reimbursement of Expenses 
8.10 
Liability and Indemnity 
8.11 
Limited Liability 
ARTICLE IX SUBSTITUTION; ADDITIONAL MEMBERS 
9.1 
Substituted Members 
9.2 
Additional Members 
ARTICLE X ACCOUNTING 
10.1 
Accounting Method. 
10.2 
Books and Records 
10.3 
Reports 
10.4 
Federal Income Tax Elections 
10.5 
Tax Matters Partner 
ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS 
11.1 
Decisions by the Managers 
11.2 
Amendments 
11.3 
Notices 
11.4 
No Delivery of Certificates 
11.5 
Governing Law 
11.6 
Further Assurances 
11.7 
Headings, Gender and Number 
11.8 
Benefit 
11.9 
Counterparts 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
ii 
EFTA00588778
--- PAGE 4 ---
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 
OF 
NAR INVESTMENTS LLC 
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT made as of this 
day of 
, 2014, by and among the persons or entities 
identified on Schedule A as Members of the NAR Investments LLC (hereinafter referred 
to collectively as the "Members" and each individually, a "Member").
ARTICLE I 
ESTABLISHMENT OF THE COMPANY 
1.1 
Formation. The Members are entering into this Agreement to 
form a limited liability company pursuant to the provisions of the Limited Liability 
Company Act as adopted in the State of Delaware (6 Del. C. § 18-101 et seq.), as 
amended from time to time (the "Act"). The parties hereto desire to set forth the terms 
and conditions for the operation of the Company. This Agreement sets forth fully the 
agreements and understandings of the Members in respect of the Company. 
1.2 
Name. The name of the Company is "NAR INVESTMENTS 
LLC." 
1.3 
Purpose and Business of the Company. The purpose of the 
Company is to pool certain of the funds of the Members so as to permit the Members to 
share in various investments. The Company is designed to ease the administrative 
burdens of managing assets, facilitate diversification, broaden access to investment 
opportunities and reduce transaction costs for the Members. The Company further may 
simplify the transfer of assets otherwise not readily divisible into small units, such as real 
property, partnership interests, interests in hedge funds, private equity funds and 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588779
--- PAGE 5 ---
unincorporated business interests. The Company further may engage in any act or 
activity for which limited liability companies may be organized under the Act, in 
accordance with this Agreement. The Company is not being formed solely for the 
purpose of acquiring securities in connection with any particular investment. 
1.4 
Powers. The Company shall have the power to do all things 
necessary or desirable in the conduct of its business to the fullest possible extent. 
1.5 
Term. The term of the Company shall commence upon its 
formation pursuant to the Act and shall have a perpetual existence unless terminated in 
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 
1.6 
Registered Office; Agent for Service of Process. The address of 
the Company's registered office in the State of Delaware is c/o Corporation Services 
Company, 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, County of New Castle, 
Delaware 19808. The name and address of the registered agent for service of process on 
the Company in the State of Delaware is Corporation Services Company, 2711 
Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19808. The 
Managers may, from time to time, change the registered office or the registered agent of 
the Company. 
1.7 
Principal Office. The principal office of the Company shall be c/o 
Elysium Management LLC, 445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401, New York, New York 10022, 
or such other locations as the Managers may determine. 
ARTICLE H 
DEFINITIONS 
2.1 
Definitions. 
The following defined terms used in this Agreement 
shall have the respective meanings specified below. 
Doca: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588780
--- PAGE 6 ---
"Accounting Period" shall mean the period of the Company beginning on 
the date hereof, the first day of a Fiscal Year or any other day reasonably selected by the 
Manager (an "adjustment date") and ending on the earlier of the next succeeding 
adjustment date or the last day of a Fiscal Year. 
"Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the 
corresponding provisions of any successor statute. 
"Eligible Person" shall mean: (i) any person who is then a Member of the 
Company; (ii) Leon D. Black ("LDB"); (iii) a descendant of LDB ("LDB Descendant"); 
(iv) the spouse (including a same sex spouse) of any Member, LDB or LDB Descendant; 
(v) a descendant of any Member; (vi) the estate of any Member; (vii) trusts for the 
primary benefit of any one or more Members, LDB or LDB Descendants, Qualified 
Charitable Organizations, the spouse (including a same sex spouse) of any Member, LDB 
or LDB Descendant and/or any one or more of the descendants of any Member; (viii) a 
beneficiary of any trust which is a Member; (ix) any custodian for the benefit of any of 
the foregoing individuals under any state's Uniform Transfers to Minors Act or 
comparable law in any other jurisdiction; and (x) any entity all the beneficial owners of 
which are persons or entities previously described in this paragraph. 
"Fiscal Year" shall mean each fiscal year of the Company (or portion 
thereof), which shall end on December 31; provided, however, that upon termination of 
the Company "Fiscal Year" shall mean the period from the January 1 immediately 
preceding such termination to the date of such termination. 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588781
--- PAGE 7 ---
"Manager or "Managers" shall mean LEON D. BLACK, so long as he is 
serving as a Manager, and such other successor or additional Managers designated as 
provided in this Agreement. 
"Membership Interest" means the ownership interest of a Member in the 
Company at the relevant time, and the right of such Member to any and all benefits to 
which a Member may be entitled under this Agreement and the Act, together with all 
obligations of such Member to comply with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. 
"Member" means each person set forth on Schedule A holding an interest 
in the Company and such other persons admitted as Members of the Company in 
accordance with Article IX. 
"Net Profit" and "Net Loss" mean the Company's net profits or net losses, 
as the case may be, determined on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied and in accordance with the 
following: (i) Net Profits and Net Losses shall include realized and unrealized profits and 
losses with respect to all property or positions held by the Company. Realized or 
unrealized profit and loss with respect to any property or position held during any Fiscal 
Year includes the realized or unrealized appreciation or depreciation with respect to such 
property or position determined by comparing the net proceeds from the sale of such 
property or the closing of such position, as the case may be, or the market value of such 
property or position at the end of such Fiscal Year with either the cost of such property or 
position, if established during such Fiscal Year, or the market value of such property or 
position at the end of the preceding Fiscal Year, if such property was sold or such 
position established during a prior Fiscal Year, and (ii) there shall be deducted in 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588782
--- PAGE 8 ---
computing Net Profits and Net Losses expenses if any, in respect of the particular Fiscal 
Year (whether performed therein or to be performed thereafter), and such reserves for 
contingent liabilities of the Company, including estimated expenses, if any, in connection 
therewith, as the Managers shall determine. 
"Percentage Interest" means, with respect to each Member, the ratio of the 
Capital Account balance of such Member (and in the case of an assignee, such Member's 
assignor), and the aggregate Capital Account balances of all the Members (and their 
assignors) as of the date in question. The Percentage Interests of the Members, as of the 
date of the Agreement, are set forth on Schedule A. 
"Person" means any individual, corporation, association, partnership 
(general or limited), joint venture, trust, estate, limited liability company, or other legal 
entity or organization. 
"Qualified Charitable Organization" shall mean a corporation, 
organization or other entity, transfers to which are deductible for Federal income, gift 
and estate tax purposes under Section 170(c), Section 2522(a) and Section 2055(a) of the 
Code. 
"Schedule A" means Schedule A annexed to this Agreement as amended 
and in effect from time to time. The Managers shall amend Schedule A from time to time 
to reflect any change in ownership of Membership Interests. Any amendment or revision 
to Schedule A in accordance with this Agreement shall not be deemed an amendment to 
this Agreement. 
"Treasury Regulations" shall mean the Income Tax Regulations 
promulgated under the Code, as amended from time to time. 
Doca: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588783
--- PAGE 9 ---
ARTICLE III 
CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
AND CAPITAL ACCOUNTS 
3.1 
Capital Accounts. 
3.1.1 
A separate capital account (a "Capital Account") shall be 
maintained for each Member. Each Member's Capital Account shall be credited with (i) 
the amount of such Member's aggregate capital contributions made in cash and the fair 
market value of all property contributed by such Member (net of liabilities that are 
secured by such contributed property), (ii) such Member's allocated share of Net Profit 
and other items of income and gain of the Company, and (iii) the amount of any 
Company liabilities assumed by such Member. Each Member's Capital Account shall be 
reduced by (i) the amount of any cash distributions to such Member and the fair market 
value of all property distributed in kind to such Member (net of liabilities that are secured 
by such distributed property), (ii) such Member's allocated share of Net Loss and other 
items of deduction and loss of the Company, and (iii) the amount of any liabilities of such 
Member assumed by the Company. 
3.1.2 The foregoing provisions and other provisions of this 
Agreement relating to the maintenance of Capital Accounts are intended to comply with 
Treasury Regulations § 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv), and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. 
The Managers shall be authorized to make appropriate amendments to the allocation of 
items to the Capital Accounts if necessary to comply with such Treasury Regulation. 
3.1.3 In the event of a transfer of any interest in the Company, 
the transferee shall succeed, as of the date of such transfer, to that portion of the 
transferor's Capital Account that relates to such transferred Membership Interest. 
Doc": USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588784
--- PAGE 10 ---
3.2 
Additional Contributions. No Member shall be required to make 
additional contributions. 
3.3 
Loans. Any Member may, but shall not be required to, make loans 
to the Company and, in respect of such loans, shall be treated as a creditor of the 
Company. Such loans shall be repaid as and when the Company has funds available 
therefor, and such loans and interest thereon (at rates to be agreed upon by the lending 
Member and the Company) shall constitute obligations of the Company. Any such loan 
shall not increase such Member's Capital Account, entitle such Member to any increase 
in such Member's share of the profits of the Company or subject such Member to any 
greater proportion of losses which the Company may sustain. 
ARTICLE IV 
ALLOCATION OF PROFIT AND LOSS 
4.1 
Allocation of Profits and Losses. 
4.1.1 The Company's Net Profit and Net Loss for any 
Accounting Period shall be allocated among the Members in proportion to their 
Percentage Interests. 
4.1.2 The Company's items of income, gain, loss and deduction 
shall be allocated for Federal, state and local income tax purposes among the Members 
proportionately to the allocation of Net Profit and Net Loss among the Members. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely for Federal, state and local income tax purposes, in 
accordance with Sections 704(b) and 704(c) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations 
promulgated thereunder, income, gain, loss and deduction with respect to property 
contributed to the Company by a Member shall be allocated among the Members in 
Doca: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588785
--- PAGE 11 ---
accordance with Section 704(c) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated 
thereunder so as to take account of any difference between the tax basis of such property 
to the Company for Federal income tax purposes and its book basis. 
4.1.3 If any Membership Interest is transferred or any Percentage 
Interest is changed pursuant to the terms of the Agreement during a Fiscal Year, the 
amount of Net Profit and Net Loss to be allocated to the Members for such entire Fiscal 
Year in accordance with their respective Percentage Interests shall be allocated to the 
portion of such Fiscal Year which precedes the date of such transfer or change (and if 
there shall have been a prior transfer or change in such Fiscal Year, which commences on 
the date of such prior transfer or change) and to the portion of such Fiscal Year which 
occurs on and after the date of such transfer or change (and if there shall be a subsequent 
transfer or change in such Fiscal Year, which precedes the date of such subsequent 
transfer or change), in proportion to the number of days in each such portion (or, in the 
case of a transfer, in accordance with an interim closing of the books at the election and 
the expense of the parties to the transfer), and the amounts of the items so allocated to 
each such portion shall be credited or charged to the Members in proportion to their 
respective Percentage Interests during each such portion of the Fiscal Year in question. 
Such allocation shall be made without regard to the date, amount or receipt of any 
distributions that may have been made with respect to the transferred Percentage Interest. 
As of the date of such transfer, the transferee Member shall succeed to the Capital 
Account of the transferor Member with respect to the transferred Membership Interest. 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588786
--- PAGE 12 ---
4.2 
Regulatory Allocations. 
4.2.1 Section 704 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations 
issued thereunder, including but not limited to the provisions of such Treasury 
Regulations addressing qualified income offset provisions, minimum gain chargeback 
requirements and allocations of deductions attributable to nonrecourse debt and partner 
nonrecourse debt, are hereby incorporated by reference. If, as a result of the provisions 
of Section 704 of the Code and such Treasury Regulations, items of Net Profit or Net 
Loss are allocated to the Members in a manner that is inconsistent with the manner in 
which the Members intend to divide Company distributions as reflected in Section 4.1, to 
the extent permitted under such Treasury Regulations, items of future profit and loss shall 
be allocated among the Members so as to prevent such allocations from distorting the 
manner in which Company distributions will be divided among the Members pursuant to 
this Agreement. 
4.2.2 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IV, no 
Member shall be allocated in any Fiscal Year of the Company any Net Loss to the extent 
such allocation would cause or increase a deficit balance in such Member's Capital 
Account, determined after taking into account all other allocations to be made for such 
year pursuant to this Article IV and after adjusting such Capital Account for the 
reasonably expected adjustments, allocations and distributions described in Treasury 
Regulations §1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d). In the event that one but not all of the Members would 
have a deficit balance in his Capital Account, the limitation set forth in this Section 4.2.2 
shall be applied so as to allocate the maximum permissible Net Loss to such Member 
under Treasury Regulations §1.704-1(b)(2)(iiXd). Any such Net Loss in excess of the 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588787
--- PAGE 13 ---
limitation set forth in this Section 4.2.2 that would be allocated to a Member shall be 
allocated to the other Member or Members. In the event any Member has a deficit 
balance in his Capital Account at the end of any Fiscal Year, such Member shall be 
specially allocated items of Company income and gain in the amount of such excess as 
quickly as possible, provided that an allocation pursuant to this Section 4.2.2 shall be 
made only if and to the extent that a Member would have a deficit balance in his Capital 
Account in excess of such sum after all other allocations provided for in this Article IV 
have been tentatively made as if this Section 4.2.2 were not in this Agreement. This 
Section 4.2.2 is intended to comply with the qualified income offset requirement of 
Treasury Regulations §1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and shall be interpreted consistently 
therewith. 
ARTICLE V 
DISTRIBUTIONS 
5.1 
Distributions Other Than Upon Winding-Up. Distributions shall 
be made to the Members at the times and in the aggregate amounts determined in the sole 
discretion of the Managers. Such distributions shall be allocated among the Members in 
proportion to their Percentage Interests. The Managers shall have authority to make any 
such distributions on behalf of any Member (i) directly to the United States Treasury and 
any state or local taxing authority of such amounts as may be necessary to discharge such 
Member's income tax liability (including but not limited to Federal, State, local or 
otherwise) and (ii) if such Member is under the age of majority, to a custodian on behalf 
of such Member. 
5.2 
Distributions Upon Winding Up. Upon the dissolution and 
winding-up of the Company, distributions shall be made as provided in Section 7.3. 
Doca: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588788
--- PAGE 14 ---
ARTICLE VI 
TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
6.1 
Right of First Refusal. 
Except as permitted by Section 6.2, but in 
all events subject to Section 9.1 hereof, no Member or any assignee thereof shall have the 
right to sell, assign, or otherwise transfer all or any part of such Member's Membership 
Interest (the "Offered Interests") unless such Member or assignee (the "Seller") first 
offers to sell the Offered Interests pursuant to the terms of this Section 6.1. 
6.1.1 No transfer may be made under this Section 6.1 unless the 
Seller has received a bona fide written offer (the "Purchase Offer") from the prospective 
transferee (the "Purchaser") to purchase the Offered Interests for a purchase price (the 
"Offer Price") denominated and payable in United States dollars at closing or according 
to specified terms, with or without interest, which offer shall be in writing signed by the 
Purchaser and shall be irrevocable for a period ending no sooner than the day following 
the end of the Offer Period, as hereinafter defined. 
6.1.2 Prior to making any transfer that is subject to the terms of 
this Section 6.1, the Seller shall give to each Member, written notice (the "Offer Notice") 
which shall include the following: (1) the identity of the Purchaser; (2) a copy of the 
Purchase Offer; (3) a statement signed by the Purchaser to the effect that, upon purchase 
of the Offered Interests, the Purchaser agrees to become a Member, to be bound by all of 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement as a Member with respect to the Offered 
Interests, and to execute such documents and instruments as the other Members deem 
necessary or appropriate to confirm such agreements; and (4) an offer (the "Firm Offer") 
to sell the Offered Interests to the other Members (the "Offerees") for the Offer Price, 
payable according to the same terms as (or more favorable terms than) those contained in 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588789
--- PAGE 15 ---
the Purchase Offer, provided that the Firm Offer shall be made without regard to the 
requirement of any earnest money or similar deposit required of the Purchaser prior to 
closing, and without regard to any security (other than the Offered Interests) to be 
provided by the Purchaser for any deferred portion of the Offer Price. 
6.1.3 The Firm Offer shall be irrevocable for a period (the "Offer 
Period") ending at 5:00 •., 
local time, at the Company's principal place of business, on 
the ninetieth (90th) day following the day of the Offer Notice. 
6.1.4 At any time during the Offer Period, any Offeree may 
accept the Firm Offer as to all or any portion of the Offered Interests by giving written 
notice of such acceptance to the Seller and each other Offeree (an "Acceptance") which 
notice shall indicate the maximum portion of the Offered Interests that such Offeree is 
willing to purchase. In the event that Offerees ("Accepting Offerees"), in the aggregate, 
accept the Firm Offer with respect to all, or more than all, of the Offered Interests during 
the Offer Period, the Firm Offer shall be deemed to be accepted. In the event that 
Accepting Offerees accept the Firm Offer with respect to more than all of the Offered 
Interests, each Accepting Offeree shall be deemed to have accepted the Firm Offer with 
respect to that portion of the Offered Interests that corresponds to the ratio of the Offered 
Interests that such Accepting Offeree indicated a willingness to purchase to the aggregate 
Offered Interests all Accepting Offerees indicated a willingness to purchase. If Offerees 
do not accept the Firm Offer as to all, or more than all, of the Offered Interests during the 
Offer Period, the Firm Offer shall be deemed to be rejected in its entirety. 
6.1.5 In the event the Firm Offer is accepted, the closing of the 
sale of the Offered Interests shall take place within thirty (30) days after the Firm Offer is 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588790
--- PAGE 16 ---
accepted or, if later, the date of closing set forth in the Purchase Offer. The Seller and all 
Accepting Offerees shall execute such documents and instruments as may be necessary or 
appropriate to effect the sale of the Offered Interests pursuant to the terms of the Firm 
Offer and this Section 6.1 and such sale shall be subject to the provisions of Section 9.1. 
6.1.6 If the Firm Offer is not accepted in the manner hereinabove 
provided, the Seller may sell the Offered Interests to the Purchaser at any time within 
sixty (60) days after the last day of the Offer Period, provided that such sale shall be 
made on terms no more favorable to the Purchaser than the terms contained in the 
Purchase Offer and provided further that such sale complies with the other terms, 
conditions, and restrictions of this Agreement that are applicable to sales of Membership 
Interests and are not expressly made inapplicable to sales occurring under this Section 
6.1. In the event that the Offered Interest is not sold in accordance with the terms of the 
preceding sentence, the Offered Interest shall again become subject to all of the 
conditions and restrictions of this Section 6.1. 
6.2 
Permitted Transfers. Notwithstanding Section 6.1, but in all events 
subject to Section 9.1 hereof, a Member may sell, assign, pledge or otherwise transfer all 
or any part of such Member's Membership Interest without an offer first having been 
made pursuant to Section 6.1, if, and only if, such transferee or pledgee is an Eligible 
Person. In addition, notwithstanding Section 6.1, any interest as a Member which is held 
by a custodian for a minor under a Uniform Gifts to Minors Act, Uniform Transfers to 
Minors Act or a similar act shall be fully transferable and assignable to the minor when 
the minor reaches the age of termination of such custodianship under the applicable 
statute. 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588791
--- PAGE 17 ---
6.3 
Certain Prohibited Transfers. Notwithstanding Sections 6.1 and 
6.2 hereof, no Member shall have the right to sell, assign, or otherwise transfer any 
portion or all of such Member's Membership Interest if such sale, assignment or other 
transfer would cause (i) the Company to be classified as a publicly traded partnership or 
otherwise as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes or (ii) unless the 
Company determines it to be immaterial, a termination of the Company pursuant to 
Section 708 of the Code. 
6.4 
Other Purported Transfers. No Member shall have the right to sell, 
assign, mortgage, pledge, or otherwise voluntarily transfer or encumber any portion or all 
of such Member's Membership Interest, except as provided in Sections 6.1 and 6.2 
hereof. A transferee who acquires a Membership Interest by any purported sale, 
assignment, mortgage, pledge, hypothecation or other voluntary transfer or encumbrance 
by a Member of any or all of such Member's Membership Interest in violation of this 
Article, shall be entitled only to share in such profits and losses, to receive such 
distribution or distributions, and to receive such allocation of income, gain, loss, 
deduction, or credit or similar item to which the assignor was entitled, to the extent 
assigned. Such transferee shall have no right to an accounting of the affairs of the 
Company and shall not have any rights of a Member under the Act or this Agreement, 
except as to allocations and distributions with respect to such transferred interests. 
6.5 
Right to Withdraw. 
6.5.1 Any Member may withdraw all or a portion of his, her or 
its Capital Account at any time, in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.5.2. 
Does: USI:9639502s5 
EFTA00588792
--- PAGE 18 ---
6.5.2 Distribution Upon Withdrawal. If notice of withdrawal is 
given by a Member pursuant to Section 6.5.1 (the "Withdrawing Member"), the 
Managers shall distribute to such Withdrawing Member assets of the Company with an 
aggregate fair market value equal to the Withdrawing Member's proportionate share of 
Company assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Managers shall withhold from the 
distribution to the Withdrawing Member an amount the Managers, subject to Section 
8.1.1, determine will be sufficient to provide for (i) the expenses that will be incurred by 
the Company in connection with the withdrawal of the Withdrawing Member, including, 
without limitation, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the distribution of 
such Withdrawing Member's proportionate share of the Company assets or the 
liquidation of all or such share of the Company assets into cash proceeds, and (ii) the 
Withdrawing Member's share of the matured liabilities of the Company and, where 
appropriate, a reserve for contingent and unmatured liabilities of the Company, including 
capital contributions committed to be made with respect to investments made by the 
Company. 
ARTICLE VII 
DISSOLUTION AND WINDING-UP 
7.1 
Events Occasioning Dissolution. The Company shall dissolve and 
terminate upon the first to occur of any of the following events: 
7.1.1 The unanimous written consent of the Members to dissolve 
the Company. 
7.1.2 The entry of a decree of judicial dissolution under 
Section 18-802 of the Act; and 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588793
--- PAGE 19 ---
7.1.3 Except as provided in Section 18-801(a)(4) of the Act, at 
any time there are no Members. 
7.2 
Winding-Up. The Company shall be allowed one year from the 
date of any event occasioning dissolution for the winding-up of its affairs and shall be 
allowed such additional time as may be reasonable for the orderly sale of the Company 
properties. 
7.3 
Liquidating Distributions. Upon the dissolution and winding-up of 
the Company, the assets of the Company shall be distributed in the following order of 
priority: 
7.3.1 To the payment of the expenses of winding-up, including 
the establishment of any reserves against liabilities or obligations of the Company that 
the Managers deem appropriate, such reserves to be charged against the Members' 
Capital Accounts according to the Percentage Interests of the Members, which reserve, 
prior to payment of such liabilities and obligations, shall be placed in the hands of an 
escrow agent for such period and upon such terms as the Managers shall determine; and, 
then, 
7.3.2 To the payment of other debts and liabilities of the 
Company; and, then, 
7.3.3 To the Members in proportion to their Percentage Interests. 
ARTICLE VIII 
MANAGEMENT 
8.1 
Management by the Managers. 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588794
--- PAGE 20 ---
8.1.1 The business affairs of the Company shall be managed by 
the Managers in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.1 below. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, the Managers may appoint officers of the Company or other authorized 
persons who shall be authorized to perform such actions for and on behalf of the 
Company as the Managers shall determine. The President, Vice President, Secretary and 
Treasurer of the Company shall be the individuals as set forth in Schedule B to this 
Agreement or as may be appointed by the Managers from time to time, which individuals 
shall serve until the earlier of their retirement, removal, death or disability. The 
Managers and/or, to the extent determined by the Managers, any officers appointed or 
authorized persons designated by the Managers, shall have all necessary powers to carry 
out the purposes of the Company. The Managers may remove any officer or authorized 
person at any time, without cause. In exercising the powers granted by this Agreement 
and in performing the duties required by this Agreement with respect to the management 
and operation of the Company, each Manager, pursuant to general principles of law, has a 
fiduciary duty to act in the best interests of the Company and the Members. 
8.1.2 In addition to the powers granted by law, the Managers 
shall have full power to do everything in administering the Company that the Managers 
may deem advisable, including the power: To retain so long as the Managers may deem 
advisable and to acquire by purchase or otherwise, any kind of real property or personal 
property, including (without limitation) common and preferred stocks, interests in 
investment companies and discretionary common trust funds, hedge funds, private equity 
funds, partnerships (whether or not as a general partner) and limited liability companies 
(whether or not as a manager), works of art, undivided interests and secured and 
Doc a: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588795
--- PAGE 21 ---
unsecured obligations -- all without diversification as to kind or amount and without 
being limited to investments authorized by law; to sell for cash or on credit (at public or 
private sale), exchange, mortgage, lease for any period (either as landlord or tenant and 
including renewals of the term) and modify, extend or cancel leases, grant options or 
otherwise dispose of or deal with any real or personal property, all without regard to 
statutory restrictions, in such manner and upon such terms and conditions as they deem 
advisable without first obtaining a court order; to erect, renovate or alter buildings or 
otherwise improve and manage buildings and property; demolish buildings; make 
ordinary and extraordinary repairs; grant easements and make party wall contracts; 
dedicate roads; subdivide; adjust boundary lines and partition; to distribute in kind or in 
money or partly in each, even if shares be composed differently; to hold property in the 
names of nominees or so that it will pass on delivery, and to leave property in the custody 
of a firm of stockbrokers and registered in the name of the stockbrokers' nominees; to 
renew, assign, alter, extend, compromise, abandon or release or arbitrate claims asserted 
by or against the Company; to engage and rely on brokers and investment counsel, 
accountants, appraisers and other experts (including art experts) and legal counsel and to 
compensate them; to employ custodians of the assets and bookkeepers and clerks and 
other assistants; to borrow money and mortgage and pledge any Company property for 
any purpose, provided that no Person who makes any nonrecourse loan to the Company 
shall have or acquire, as a result of making such loan, any direct or indirect interest in the 
profits, capital or property of the Company, other than as a creditor; and to lend funds to 
any Person, (including a Member or Manager of the Company, provided that such 
dealings shall be on terms no less favorable to the Company than terms that would be 
Does: USI:9639502s5 
EFTA00588796
--- PAGE 22 ---
obtained on an arms-length basis), with or without security and upon such terms and 
conditions as the Managers deem advisable. 
8.2 
Number of Managers and Term of Office. There shall always be at 
least one (1) Manager. Each Manager shall hold office until (i) its resignation or 
removal, if an entity, or (ii) her or his earlier death, incapacity, resignation or removal, if 
an individual. 
8.3 
Successor and Additional Managers. A majority in interest of the 
Members may designate another entity or person to serve as an additional Manager or as 
a successor Manager. As a condition precedent to a designated person or entity 
becoming an additional or successor Manager, such entity or person must qualify for the 
position of Manager, as provided in this Section. A successor or additional Manager 
shall qualify as a Manager under this Section if such entity or person provides the 
Members with a statement that it, he or she agrees to become a Manager and to be bound 
by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as a Manager. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing provisions of this Section 8.3, if any Member who is an individual makes a 
gratuitous transfer of all or a portion of his or her Membership Interest, such transferor 
Member may not in his or her individual capacity serve as a Manager and if then serving, 
shall immediately cease to serve as a Manager, and may participate in the election of an 
additional or successor Manager as set forth in this Section 8.3, only if such additional or 
successor Manager is a person who is not related or subordinate to the transferor Member 
within the meaning of Section 672(c) of the Code. 
8.4 
Resignation and Removal. 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588797
--- PAGE 23 ---
8.4.1 
A Manager may resign at any time. Such resignation shall 
be made in writing and shall take effect at the time specified therein, or if no time is 
specified, at the time of its receipt by any other Manager, or if no other Manager is then 
serving, by the Members. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make 
it effective, unless expressly so provided in the resignation. 
8.4.2 The Members holding at least a two-thirds (2/3) 
Membership Interest may, by vote or unanimous written consent, remove any acting 
Manager at any time, without cause. 
8.5 
Death, Dissolution, Incapacity or Bankruptcy of a Manager. 
8.5.1 
Upon the dissolution, death, incapacity, termination, 
withdrawal, expulsion, or adjudication of bankruptcy or insolvency of a Manager or upon 
the entry of an order for relief, naming a Manager as the debtor in proceedings under any 
Chapter of the Bankruptcy Code, such Manager shall cease to be a Manager of the 
Company. In that case, the remaining or successor Managers (if any), shall continue as 
the Managers. If there is no remaining or successor Manager, then one or more persons 
shall be appointed as the Managers, in accordance with Section 8.3. 
8.5.2 A Manager shall be deemed incapacitated when either (i) a 
court of competent jurisdiction has issued a final order that the Manager is an adjudged 
incompetent or appoints a guardian, conservator, committee or other similar fiduciary, or 
(ii) a licensed physician or psychiatrist appointed either by a majority of the other 
Managers or by a majority in interest of the Members (excluding any Membership 
Interests held by the Manager whose capacity is at issue) certify in writing that, in his or 
Doca: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588798
--- PAGE 24 ---
her opinion, such Manager lacks sufficient understanding or capacity to make and 
communicate decisions about the management and operation of the Company. 
8.6 
Death, Incapacity or Bankruptcy of a Member. 
8.6.1 The death, incapacity, liquidation, dissolution, or entry of 
an order for relief in a bankruptcy case of a Member (a "former Member") shall not 
dissolve the Company. In any such event, the successors, assigns, executors, 
administrators or personal representatives of such former Member shall have all the rights 
of a Member in respect of distributions, allocations and capital, but shall not become a 
Member unless a majority in interest (excluding Membership Interests held by the former 
Member) of the remaining Members consent and the provisions of Section 9.1 have been 
satisfied. The estate of a deceased former Member shall be deemed to be the assignee of 
such former Member's Membership Interest and such estate shall be bound in all respects 
by the deceased former Member's obligations to the Company. 
8.6.2 A Member shall be deemed incapacitated when either (i) a 
court of competent jurisdiction has issued a final order that the Member is an adjudged 
incompetent or appoints a guardian, conservator, committee or other similar fiduciary, or 
(ii) a licensed physician or psychiatrist appointed either by a majority of the Managers or 
by a majority in interest of the Members (excluding the Membership Interests held by the 
Member whose capacity is at issue) certify in writing that, in their opinion, such Member 
lacks sufficient understanding or capacity to make and communicate decisions 
concerning such Member's Membership Interests in the Company. 
8.7 
Other Interests. The Managers and Members may engage in or 
possess interests in other business ventures of every nature and description, whether or 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588799
--- PAGE 25 ---
not competitive with the business of the Company, independently or with others, and 
neither a Manager nor any Member shall, by virtue of this Agreement, have any rights in 
or to such other ventures or the income or profits derived therefrom. 
8.8 
Reliance by Third Parties. Any person not a party to this 
Agreement dealing with the Company shall be entitled to rely conclusively upon the 
power and authority of the Managers to bind the Company in all respects, to execute 
agreements, instruments and other writings on behalf, and in the name, of the Company 
and to take any and all other action on behalf, and in the name, of the Company. 
8.9 
Reimbursement of Expenses. The Company will pay all fees and 
expenses incident to its activities including (but not limited to) compensation to any 
investment advisor. The Company will pay for research fees, interest on margin 
accounts, legal and accounting fees, borrowing charges on securities sold short, custodial 
fees, brokerage commissions, bank services fees, interest on loans and debit balances and 
any other reasonable expenses related to the purchase, sale or holding of company assets 
as the Managers shall determine in the Managers' sole discretion. The Managers shall be 
entitled to reimbursement from the Company funds for any reasonable out of pocket costs 
or expenses incurred by the Managers in the conduct of Company business, including 
without limitation general overhead expenses, office expenses, secretarial services, 
computer support, other office support, investment research, attorney's fees, accounting 
fees and expenses incurred in connection with the administration and establishment of the 
Company. 
8.10 
Liability and Indemnity. 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588800
--- PAGE 26 ---
8.10.1 Each Manager, Officer and authorized person may act or 
refrain from acting (consistent with the duties described in Section 8.1 or in the 
instrument granting authority) without liability to the Company or to any Member for any 
reasonable error in judgment, mistake of law or fact, or any act or failure to act, so long 
as such action or inaction was taken in good faith with the reasonable belief that such 
action or inaction was in the best interests of the Company and the Members. Consistent 
with the preceding sentence, each Manager, Officer and authorized person may act or 
refrain from acting without liability to the Company or to any Member in reliance upon 
any opinion of any consultant or advisor on any matter which the Manager, Officer or 
authorized person reasonably believes to be within the consultant or advisor's 
professional competence. 
8.10.2 The Company shall, to the extent of its assets, indemnify 
and hold harmless each person who is or was a Manager, Officer or authorized person 
from any and all liability, loss, damage, cost and expense (including, without limitation, 
reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) arising from any act or failure to act by such 
Manager, Officer or authorized person in the performance of any of the powers, 
authorities or duties of the Manager, Officer or authorized person under this Agreement 
or applicable law, if it is determined that such Manager, Officer or authorized person 
acted in good faith and with reasonable belief that such action or inaction was in the best 
interests of the Company and the Members. 
8.10.3 The right to indemnification conferred by hereunder shall 
include the right to be paid or reimbursed by the Company for the reasonable expenses 
incurred in advance of the final disposition of any proceeding and without any 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588801
--- PAGE 27 ---
determination as to the person's ultimate entitlement to indemnification; provided, 
however, that the payment of such expenses incurred in advance of the final disposition 
of a proceeding shall be made only upon delivery to the Company of a written 
affirmation by such person of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the 
standard of conduct necessary for indemnification under this section and a written 
undertaking, by or on behalf of such person, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall 
ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified. 
8.11 
Limited Liability. Notwithstanding any provision of this 
Agreement, no Member shall be liable for any of the losses, debts or liabilities of the 
Company in excess of his, her or its respective capital contributions, except as otherwise 
expressly provided by law. 
ARTICLE IX 
SUBSTITUTION; ADDITIONAL MEMBERS 
9.1 
Substituted Members. The transferee of a Membership Interest 
may not be admitted as a substituted Member unless all of the following conditions have 
been met: 
9.1.1 The transfer conforms with Section 6.1, Section 6.2 or 
Section 8.6.1 hereof; 
9.1.2 In the case of a transfer in accordance with Section 6.1 or 
Section 6.2, the Managers have received a written instrument executed by the transferor, 
which instrument transfers to the transferee all or part of the transferor's Membership 
Interest; 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588802
--- PAGE 28 ---
9.1.3 The transferee has approved and adopted all of the 
provisions of this Agreement, as the same may have been amended, by written instrument 
delivered to the Managers; and 
9.1.4 The transferee has paid or agreed to pay all reasonable 
expenses relating to such admission. 
9.2 
Additional Members. Additional Membership Interests may be 
issued and sold by the Company to any person, including but not limited to a natural 
person, trust, corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other association, for 
fair market value, as determined by the Managers using reasonable business judgment, 
and under such terms as deemed advisable by the Managers, including but not limited to 
terms relating to the applicability of this Agreement to such additional Membership 
Interests. Admission of any Member shall not be a cause of dissolution. 
ARTICLE X 
ACCOUNTING 
10.1 
Accounting Method. 
10.1.1 The Company's assets and liabilities will be determined on 
the basis of generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied. 
10.1.2 A security listed on a national securities exchange will be 
valued at its last sale price on the most recent date on or before the end of a Fiscal Year 
or, if no sale occurred on said date, at the mean between the closing "bid" and "asked" 
prices. 
10.1.3 All other positions and all other assets and liabilities will be 
assigned a value determined in good faith by the Managers. With respect to other 
investment vehicles in which the Company may invest, the Manager may rely on the 
Doca: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588803
--- PAGE 29 ---
values reported by such entities in computing the value of the Company's assets but will 
carry the investment at the cost basis unless otherwise prudent. 
10.2 
Books and Records. The Managers shall maintain the general 
accounts of the Company. The books of the Company shall be kept on a basis consistent 
with the provisions of this Agreement and shall be open to the inspection and 
examination of all Members, in person or by their duly authorized representatives, at 
reasonable times. The books of the Company shall be maintained based on generally 
accepted accounting principles, consistently applied. 
10.3 
Reports. At the request of any Member, the Company shall furnish 
the Members with a copy of the Company's financial statements for the current or any 
prior Fiscal Year and with a statement of such Member's Capital Account, as reflected on 
the books of the Company. Each Member also shall be supplied with all information 
with respect to the Company required in connection with the preparation of such 
Member's tax returns. 
10.4 
Federal Income Tax Elections. All elections required or permitted 
to be made by the Company under the Code shall be made by the Managers in such 
manner as will, in the Managers' opinion, be most advantageous to a majority-in-interest 
of the Members. 
10.5 
Tax Matters Partner. The Members shall from time to time 
designate a "tax matters partner" pursuant to Section 6231(a)(7) of the Code. 
ARTICLE XI 
MISCELLANEOUS 
11.1 
Decisions by the Managers. Except as otherwise required by law 
or in this Agreement, if there is more than one Manager serving at any time and an action 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588804
--- PAGE 30 ---
is to be taken by the Managers (or the Company), such action shall be taken by the 
Managers, unanimously, or, if there are more than two Managers, with the agreement of a 
majority of such Managers. 
11.2 
Amendments. This Agreement may be amended from time to time 
upon the unanimous written consent of the Members. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
administrative provisions in this Agreement may be amended solely by the Managers. 
11.3 
Notices. All notices to the Managers, the Company or any 
Member under this Agreement shall be in writing, duly signed by the party giving such 
notice, and transmitted postage prepaid by first class certified mail, return receipt 
requested, to such Member's address or to any such other address as may hereafter be 
designated by a Member upon giving notice thereof to the Company. All notices shall be 
deemed given when dispatched. 
11.4 
No Delivery of Certificates. The Company is not required to 
deliver copies of any Certificate of Formation or amendment or cancellation to the 
Members. 
11.5 
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance 
with and governed by the Act and by the laws of the State of Delaware applicable in the 
case of agreements made and to be performed entirely within such State. 
11.6 
Further Assurances. Each party to this Agreement agrees to 
execute, acknowledge, deliver, file and record such further certificates, amendments, 
instruments and documents, and to do all such other acts and things, as may be required 
by law, or as may, in the reasonable opinion of the Managers, be necessary or advisable 
to carry out the interests and purposes of this Agreement. 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588805
--- PAGE 31 ---
11.7 
Headings. Gender and Number. The headings in this Agreement 
are for convenience only and in no way define, limit or otherwise affect the scope or 
intent hereof. All pronouns and any variations thereof shall be deemed to refer to the 
masculine, feminine or neuter, singular or plural, as the identity of the person or persons 
may require. 
11.8 
Benefit. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to 
the benefit of the Members, their respective successors, heirs, executors, administrators 
and assigns. 
11.9 
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate 
counterparts, including by facsimile, each of which when so executed shall be an original 
and all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 
[Signature Page Follows] 
Does: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588806
--- PAGE 32 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have set their hands as of the day 
and year first above written. 
MANAGER: 
LEON D. BLACK 
MEMBER: 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, M. 
By: Black Family GP, LLC, its General Partner 
By: 
LEON D. BLACK, Manager 
Signature Page to NAR Invesunents Lit Agreement of Limited Liability Company 
US1:9639502eS 
EFTA00588807
--- PAGE 33 ---
Schedule A 
MEMBER 
Initial Contribution 
Percentage Interest 
Black Family Partners, M. 
100% 
Total 
100% 
DAR Investments LLC Awe:nem of Limited Lanni* Company 
Dorn: USI:9639502y5 
EFTA00588808
--- PAGE 34 ---
Schedule B 
Title 
Officer Name 
President 
JOHN J. HANNAN 
Vice President 
RICHARD RESSLER 
Secretary 
EILEEN ALEXANDERSON 
Treasurer 
BARRY J. COHEN 
NAR Investments LLC Awe:nem of Limited Liability Company 
Doea: USI:9639502v5 
EFTA00588809

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588810.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588810.pdf
----------------------------------------
DOCUMENT SUMMARY 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
From: 
Ada Clapp 
Cc: 
Eileen Alexanderson, Bradley Wechsler 
Date: 
December 5, 2014 
Re: 
Summary of Proposed LLC Agreement of NAR Investments LLC 
Following is a summary of the proposed Limited Liability Company Agreement of NAR 
Investments LLC (the "Company").
I. 
Members.
A. 
Initial Member. Black Family Partners, M. ("BFP") will be the initial Member. 
B. 
Substituted Members. BFP will distribute its interests in the Company to each of 
its partners, pro rata in accordance with their BFP ownership percentages: 
I. 
Leon D. Black ("Leon"); 
2. 
APO2 Declaration; 
3. 
LDB 2014 LLC; and 
4. 
APOI GRATs Nos. 1-6 (which will distribute their interests in the 
Company to Leon as part of his quarterly annuity payments). 
C. 
Eventual Member. Each of the Substituted Members will contribute its interests 
in the Company to Narrows Holdings III M., which will eventually be the sole 
Member of the Company. 
II. 
Formation/Purpose. The Company was formed in Delaware on October 3, 2014 so that 
Members may pool their funds to share in investments, facilitate diversification, broaden 
investment opportunities, ease administrative burden and reduce transaction costs. 
III. 
Management. Leon is the initial Manager. 
A. 
A majority-in-interest of Members may designate an additional or successor 
Manager. Members holding 2/3rds Membership interests may remove a Manager. 
B. 
A Manager serves until death, incapacity, resignation, removal or gratuitous 
transfer of Membership interests in the Company. If disqualified as a result of a 
gratuitous transfer, a Manager may participate in the election of a successor 
Manager only if the successor is not related or subordinate to the disqualified 
Manager. 
EFTA00588810
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
IV. 
Allocations. Profits and losses are allocated to Members in proportion to the Member's 
Percentage Interests. 
V. 
Distributions. Timing and amounts of distributions are in the Manger's sole discretion. 
Distributions are allocated to Members in proportion to the Member's Percentage 
Interests. 
VI. 
Transfers and Withdrawals. 
A. 
Transfers. Except in a Permitted Transfer, a Member cannot sell, assign or 
transfer a Membership Interest without first offering it to the other Members. A 
Permitted Transfer is a transfer to an Eligible Person. I 
B. 
Right to Withdraw. A Member may withdraw all or a portion of his/her capital 
account (to mirror the BFP limited partnership agreement). 
VII. 
Dissolution. The Company will dissolve upon (i) unanimous written consent of the 
Members, (ii) entry of a decree of judicial dissolution, (iii) at any time there are no 
Members. 
An "Eligible Person" is any of the following: 
I. Leon and his spouse and descendants; 
2. Spouses of Leon's descendants; 
3. A Member and his/her spouse and descendants; 
4. A Member's beneficiaries if the Member is a Trust; 
5. A Member's estate; 
6. Trusts for one or more of Leon, his spouse and descendants, spouses of Leon's descendants, a Member 
and his/her spouse and descendants, the spouses of a Member's descendants and charitable organizations; 
7. A custodial account for any of the foregoing persons; and 
8. An entity all of the owners of which am persons/entities described above. 
EFTA00588811

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588812.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUMMARY OF PROPOSED TERMS 
SERIES A PREFERRED SHARES 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. 
December 
, 2014 
We are happy to confirm our interest, subject to all terms and conditions herein, to explore the 
possibility of an investment in Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. This letter summarizes the 
principal terms of a proposed investment for Preferred A Shares. Except as specifically provided 
herein, this letter is not intended to be a legally binding agreement but is a statement of intent. It 
is presented solely for the purpose of discussion. 
Company 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd., an Israeli company (the "Company"). 
Founders 
Amir Elichai, Alexander Dizengoff, Yoni Yitzon & Lital Leshem 
Investor 
An entity under the control of Mr. Ehud Barak (the "Investor"). 
Structure of Financing 
Investor shall invest in the Company up to an aggregate amount of US$ 
1,500,000 (the "Investment Amount"), against issuance by the Company of 
Preferred Shares at the Closing (as such terms are defined below) for the 
entire Investment Amount at a price per share of [ 
("PPS") 
(representing a pre-money valuation of US$ [3,338,710], on a Fully Diluted 
Basis (as defined below)) so that immediately following the Closing, 
Investor will hold not less than [31.0%] of the Company's share capital, on a 
Fully Diluted Basis. 
The Investment Amount shall be provided to Company in two subsequent 
equal installments as follows: 
(i) an amount of US$ 750,000 out of the Investment Amount will be provided 
at the Closing; and 
(ii) Subject to the following, the remaining amount of US$ 750,000 out of the 
Investment Amount will be provided within _ months as of the Closing, 
conditioned upon achievement by the Company of the milestone(s) set forth 
under Annex I of this letter at or prior to such time, to Investor's satisfactions. 
Fully Diluted Basis 
In this letter, "Fully Diluted Basis" includes, without limitation, all issued and 
outstanding share capital of the Company, all securities issuable upon the 
conversion of any existing convertible securities, notes or loans, the exercise of 
all outstanding warrants, options, adjustments of numbers of shares triggered 
by this financing (if any), any shares or options to acquire shares issued to any 
person as a finder's fee or similar arrangement in connection with the 
Investment and an unallocated option pool for future allotment to employees, 
consultants and directors of the Company, representing 12% of the issued and 
outstanding share capital of the Company immediately following the Closing 
("Option Pool") (assuming the Warrants) (as defined below) were not 
exercised by the Investor). 
EFTA00588812
--- PAGE 2 ---
Capitalization Table 
The detailed pre-Closing and post-Closing capitalization of the Company is 
set forth in the Capitalization Table attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
Conditions to Close 
Closing of the transaction contemplated hereunder is subject to (i) satisfaction 
of the parties due diligence requirements, including financial and legal 
diligence, and (ii) the signing of mutually acceptable Definitive Agreements 
(as defined below). 
Estimated Closing 
Date 
[Closing Date] (the "Closing"). 
Type of Security 
Series A Convertible Preferred Shares (the "Preferred Shares"), initially 
convertible on a one to one basis into Ordinary Shares of the Company (the 
"Ordinary Shares"). 
Warrants) 
At the Closing, the Company will issue: (i) a first warrant to the Investor that 
will allow it (or any of its assignees) to purchase additional Preferred Shares by 
investing an additional amount of up to US$ 1,000,000, at an exercise price of 
150% of the PPS (subject to routine recapitalization adjustment). and, in 
addition (ii) a second warrant to the Investor that will allow it (or any of its 
assignees) to purchase additional Preferred Shares by investing an additional 
amount of up to US$ 2.500.000. at an exercise price of 175% of the PPS 
(subject to routine recapitalization adjustment). conditioned upon the 
exercising of the aforesaid first warrant (collectively the "Warranksy). The 
Warrant(th will be valid for a period of 48 months after the Closing. Exercise 
of such Warrant( %) may be cashless at the discretion of the Warrants) holder. 
Use of Proceeds 
The Investment Amount shall be used by the Company to continue the 
development of the Company's technology, know-how, sales and marketing 
programs and provide general working capital, pursuant to a budget prepared 
by the Company, agreed by the Investor and attached to the Definitive 
Agreements. 
Liquidation / Dividend 
Preference 
In the event of any liquidation event, Deemed Liquidation (as defined below) 
and/or distribution of dividends, the holders of the Preferred Shares will be 
entitled to receive prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the 
Company's assets or funds to all other equity securities of the Company (in 
cash, cash equivalents, or, if applicable, securities), for each Preferred Share, 
an amount equal to: (i) 100% of the PPS, plus (ii) 8% annual interest on that 
amount, compounded from the Closing (together, "Preference A Amount"). 
Any surplus of assets or funds remaining (if any) after the payment in full of 
the Preference A Amount less any amounts paid as preferential dividends prior 
to that date will then be distributed pro rata among all the shareholders of the 
Company, including the holders of Preferred Shares, on an as-converted basis. 
A "Deemed Liquidation" shall mean any of the following transactions: an 
acquisition of the Company or a merger between the Company and another 
non-affiliated entity in which the shareholders of the Company do not own a 
majority of the shares of the surviving entity, the sale of all or substantially all 
of the Company's assets, or of the shares of the Company, an exclusive, 
irrevocable license of all or substantially all of the Company's intellectual 
property to a third party, or any other transaction in which control of the 
Company (at least 50%) is transferred (other than a IPO or other bona fide 
financing transaction). 
EFTA00588813
--- PAGE 3 ---
Conversion 
Each holder of Preferred Shares shall have the right to convert its shares at 
any time into Ordinary Shares at an initial conversion rate of 1:1, subject to 
proportional adjustment for share splits, dividends or recapitalizations or a 
similar event and any anti-dilution adjustments. The Preferred Shares shall 
automatically convert into Ordinary Shares if (a) the Investor consent to 
such conversion or (b) upon the closing of a firmly underwritten public 
offering of shares of the Company ("IPO") netting at least $30 million at a 
pre-money valuation of the Company of at least $100 million (a "QIPO"). 
Anti-Dilution 
Provisions 
Until a QIPO, if the Company issues new securities at a price per share 
lower than the then applicable conversion price of the Preferred Shares 
(initially, the conversion price shall be the Price Per Share), then in each 
such event the conversion price of the Preferred Shares shall be adjusted on 
a "full ratchet" anti-dilution adjustment. 
Protective Provisions 
Certain important actions of the Company shall require the consent of the 
Investor or the Preferred Directors (as defined below), to include amongst 
others, actions to: (i) alter the rights, preferences or privileges of the 
Preferred Shares; (ii) allot any new shares beyond those anticipated by this 
investment; (iii) create any new class or series of shares having rights, 
preferences or privileges equal or senior to the Preferred Shares; (iv) 
increase the number of shares reserved for issuance to employees and 
consultants, whether under the Option Pool or otherwise; (v) grant of 
options to employees and consultants, whether under the Option Pool or 
otherwise, on vesting terms different than the vesting terms that shall be 
defined in the Definitive Agreement (as defined below); (vi) redeem or sale 
of any shares; (vii) declaring or paying any dividend or other distribution of 
cash, shares or other assets, other than a bonus shares issuance paid to all of 
the shareholders of the Company on a pro rata basis; (viii) change the 
number of Board members or otherwise changing its composition; (ix) take 
any action which results in a Deem Liquidation event or otherwise 
dissolving, liquidating or winding up the Company; (x) amend the 
incorporations documents including Articles of Association; (xi) effect any 
material change to the nature of the business; (xii) subscribe or otherwise 
acquire, or dispose of any shares in the capital of any other company; (xiii) 
affect any interested party transactions; (xiv) amend the signatory rights 
determined under this transaction; (xv) approve the Company's annual 
operating plan and budget and any material deviations from it; (xvi) entering 
into a transaction with any related party; or (xvii) the appointment of the 
CEO, CFO or CTO. 
Voting Rights 
The holders of the Preferred Shares shall vote together with the holders of 
all other shares of the Company, and not as a separate class, in all 
shareholders meetings, except as to matters that by law or pursuant to this 
letter are subject to a class vote. Each Preferred Share shall entitle the holder 
thereof to such number of votes as if such shares had been converted into 
Ordinary Shares. 
Board of Directors 
Immediately following the Closing, the board of directors of the Company 
(the "Board") shall consist of a maximum of five (5) members: for so long 
the holders of Ordinary Shares hold together the majority of the Company 
share capital, they may appoint three (3) directors and the holders of 
Preferred Shares may appoint two directors ("Preferred Directors") and, as 
of the time the holders of Ordinary Shares are no longer hold together the 
majority of the Company share capital. they may appoint two (2) directors 
EFTA00588814
--- PAGE 4 ---
and the holders of Preferred Directors will be consist of three (3) directors. 
This provision will also apply to any subsidiary of the Company. 
Insurance 
The Company will sign an indemnity agreement with each of the directors 
and will maintain Directors & Officers liability insurance, reasonably 
satisfactory to the Investor. 
Signatory Rights 
At or prior to the Initial Closing, the Company shall adopt a resolution 
effecting the signatory rights which is satisfactory to the Investor. 
Information and 
Management rights 
Until a QIPO, Investor shall have the right to receive: (i) a financial 
statements within 60 days after the end of each fiscal year, which have been 
audited by one of the "Big Four" accounting firms; (ii) an unaudited, but 
reviewed, quarterly financial statement within 45 days after the end of the 
first, second and third quarters of each fiscal year; (iii) a monthly report in a 
form agreed by the Board including the Preferred Directors, within 15 days 
after the end of each month, which report shall include a business update 
and overview, profit and loss and cash-flow statement; (iv) an annual 
operating plan and budget at least 30 days prior to the first day of the year 
covered by such plan and (v) such other information as may be reasonably 
required by Investor. 
Investor shall also be entitled to standard inspection and visitation rights. 
Pre-emptive Right 
Until a QIPO, the Investor will have the right, but not an obligation, to 
participate in any future sales of securities by the Company, upon the terms 
of such round of financing, and to purchase in such round up to 100% of the 
Company's securities offered in such sale. 
The Preferred Holder may assign this right to their Permitted Transferees (as 
shall be defined in the Company's Articles of Association). 
Right of First Refusal 
Until a QIPO, each shareholder of the Company holding at least 2% of the 
issued and outstanding shares of the Company (calculated on an as 
converted basis) ("Eligible Shareholder") shall have a pro-rata right of first 
refusal with respect to any sale, transfer or disposition of share capital of the 
Company by any other shareholder of the Company, other than a transfer to 
Permitted Transferees ("Transfer"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing any sale, transfer or disposition of share 
capital of the Company by the Investor, shall not be subject to such right of 
first refusal of the other shareholders. 
Tag Along Right 
Until a QIPO, the Investor shall have the right, with respect to any Transfer, 
to sell, up to all of its shareholdings in the Company, prior and in preference 
to any other shareholder in the Company; on the same general terms and 
conditions proposed under such Transfer ("Preferred Tag Along Right"). 
Thereafter, any shares remaining under a Transfer following the exercising 
of the Preferred Tag Along Right, if any, shall be subject to a pro rata right 
of each Eligible Shareholder, to participate in such Transfer on the same 
general terms and conditions proposed thereunder. 
Registration Rights 
Holders of a majority of the Registrable Shares (as defined below) shall 
have the right, to one "demand" registration of their shares in the Company, 
at the Company's expense. All Shareholders of the Company shall be 
entitled to unlimited "piggyback" registration rights and one F-3 registration 
per a calendar year, to be initiated by Holders of a majority of the 
Registrable Shares (provided the aggregate offering price in such F-3 
EFTA00588815
--- PAGE 5 ---
registration is at least US$ 1,000,000) at the Company's expense. In the 
case of underwriter cut-backs, the shares of the Investor shall have priority 
over all other shares in the Company to be included in any offering in a ratio 
of 3:1 (1 ordinary share for every 3 Registrable Shares). All shareholders 
agree to a I80-day lock-up after the IPO and 90 day lock up after 
subsequent offerings of the Company. Registration rights will be freely 
assignable in connection with any transfer of Registrable Shares. For the 
purposes of this section, "Registrable Shares" shall mean the Preferred 
Shares of the Company and any Ordinary Shares issued upon conversion of 
the Preferred Shares. Any future registration rights granted by the Company 
which are superior to those granted to the holders of Preferred Shares will be 
subject to the approval of the majority of the holders of the Preferred Shares. 
Restrictions on Sale: 
Until the earlier of a QIPO, a Deemed Liquidation or the lapse of four (4) 
years as of the Closing, the Founders shall not be entitled to sell any of their 
shares in the Company, subject to standard exceptions for transfers to 
Permitted Transferees. 
Founders 
Undertakings 
Each Founder will enter into a non-competition and non-solicitation 
agreement, and an employment agreement in a form reasonably acceptable 
to the Investor, and shall agree to devote his entire business time and 
attention to the Company and to not undertake additional activities without 
the consent of the Investor. A breach of any of the foregoing restrictive 
covenants or undertakings by a Founder shall result in immediate dismissal 
for cause of such Founder. 
Employee Vesting 
100% of the shares of the Founders ("Restricted Shares") will be subject to 
"reverse vesting" mechanism over a period of 3 years, with a one year cliff, 
contingent - with regard to the shares of each Founder - on that Founder's 
continued employment with the Company. Vesting shall be as follows: 1/3 
of each Founder's Restricted Shares shall vest upon the first anniversary of 
the Closing, and the remainder 213 of such Founder's Restricted Shares shall 
vest on a quarterly basis over the remaining 2 years. Any unvested shares 
will immediately vest upon an event of Change of Control and the 
engagement of such Founder with the Company is terminated by the 
Company not for cause. 
Documentation and 
Warranties 
Detailed definitive agreements shall be drafted by counsel to the Investor 
and shall include customary covenants, representations and warranties of the 
Company and the Founders reflecting the provisions set forth herein and 
other provisions typical to venture capital transactions ("Definitive 
Agreements"). 
Expenses 
The Company shall bear its own fees and expenses and shall pay at the 
Closing all legal fees and expenses of the Investor, incurred with respect to 
the transaction contemplated hereby. 
Exclusivity 
For a period of 60 business days following the execution of this letter, 
neither the Company or the Founders nor any agent, directly or indirectly, 
will solicit, consider, negotiate or otherwise discuss a possible merger, sale 
or other disposition of all or any part of the shares or assets of the Company 
or an investment in its share capital with any other party. Also, during said 
business day period the Company will not issue any securities of the 
Company nor will it permit a transfer of any securities of the Company. 
Said period will automatically be extended by an additional 15 business 
EFTA00588816
--- PAGE 6 ---
days if the parties are still negotiating the definitive agreements at the 
conclusion of said 60 day period. 
Confidentiality 
The Company and Founders agree to treat this letter confidentially and will 
not distribute or disclose its existence or contents outside the Company 
without the consent of the Investor, except as required to its shareholders 
and professional advisors. 
Ordinary Course 
Until the Closing, the Company will conduct its business solely in the ordinary 
course of business and, among other things, will not declare or make any 
distribution to shareholders, enter into any related party transaction or sell its 
assets (other than the Company's products sold in the ordinary course of 
business). 
Non-binding Effect 
This letter is not intended to be legally binding, and prepared for discussion 
purposes only, as a statement of the Investor's present intent, with the 
exception of this paragraph and the paragraphs entitled 'Exclusivity' and 
'Confidentiality', which are binding upon the parties hereto and shall be 
governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel. 
Acknowledged and agreed: 
[INVESTOR 
Mr. Amir Elichai 
By: 
Print Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. 
By: 
Print Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
Date: 
Alexander Dizengoff 
Date-
Yoni Yitzon 
Date: 
Lital Leshaem 
Date: 
EFTA00588817

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588818.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588818.pdf
----------------------------------------
East 71st To List 
updated 03/08/12 
6th floor & Roof 
■ 
Kitchen replaces aerator on sink faucet. RB, will repair week of 3/12 
■ 
Movie room — Sony projector not operational need theater /audio company to 
check to see if it can be repaired. JE needs to make decision or repair or 
replace projector. 
■ 
Movie room — middle black out shade not getting proper signal from crestron 
system needs to be checked. JE and Scott Dennett to make decision what 
audio company to do repair. 
■ 
JE desk computer speaker wires are they acceptable? Glass table for printer 
is this good or do we need to order proper printer table. JE decision. 
■ 
Purchase new patio furniture for terrace? JE decision. 
■ 
Terrace — purchase plants spring flowers. JE decision budget #. 
■ 
Pressure wash limestone above terrace and terrace pavers RB will do week 
of 3/19 
■ 
Skylight all glass old and discolored needs to be replaced caulking needs to 
be changed. RB will solicit proposal to get cost for glass change out 
■ 
All roof pavers need to be pressure washed. RB will do in April. 
▪ 
Pressure wash cooling tower fan enclosure before cooling season. RB will do 
in April 
5th Floor — 
• Hallway needs to be repainted wood trim and doors patched and painted, clean 
paint off hardware. RB to solicit proposal for JE approval. 
■ 
Clean out and organize lift closet next to Sarah's office RB will do week of 3/12 
■ 
Purchase window shades for rear bedrooms bathrooms and Sarah's, bathroom .JE 
approved girls need to purchase, SK or SH. 
4th Floor — 
• Yoga room— new speakers, Cardio equipment make room more useable for JE 
and guests .JE decision how to proceed with room. 
■ 
Yoga room — purchase lighting or change lighting to over head lighting. JE 
decision how to proceed. 
■ 
Replace light fixture over stone head in bathroom dressing area. RB will install 
week of 3/12 
■ 
GYM re organize exercise equipment purchase some new equipment? Hang some 
motivational pictures on walls. Re think TV audio area always appears messy new 
rack or shelf system for audio equipment? JE decision how to proceed with 
room. 
■ 
Plaid room bedroom area — needs new leather furniture, or old set needs to be 
refinished. Upgrade Flat screen TV to HD and HD cable box and new TV stand 
JE decision. If decision to proceed we will solicit proposals. 
EFTA00588818
--- PAGE 2 ---
• Elephant room — replace white carpeting, carpeting is worn and discolored around 
all base board areas. Upgrade Flat screen TV to HD and cable box order new TV 
stands. JE decision, IF decision to proceed we will solicit proposals. 
3rd Floor — 
• Repair all scratched and damaged woodwork in entrance corridor and 
bedroom stair well. RB will solicit proposal for JEE approval. 
• Bedroom and sitting room area — clean blue chandeliers. 
• Clean glass light fixtures in hallway and bedroom staircase. 
• Flat screen TV for bathroom area? JE decision. 
• Purchase new window shades in dressing room areas due to discoloration and 
damage to existing shades. SK or SH to purchase. 
• Re paint over Master bathroom ceiling mural? JE decision 
• Clean master shower stone and re grout. RB to solicit company to do on 
2nd Floor — 
• Kitchen area — replace old blue carpet on floor with proper kitchen flooring. JE 
decision. 
• Clean chandelier and hanging light fixtures. RB to solicit company to do on 
• Hidden office behind library - is this room becoming a t.v. area as J.E. discussed 
or breakfast room. I removed all office computer & fax equipment. JE decision. 
1st Floor — 
• 
floor security office — touch up black wall paint scratches easy, find protective 
coating for black walls. Install counter top security console. RB to have Ion to 
give proposal and solution to problem. 
• Replace security monitors at side of front door — two burnt out monitors. RB has 
proposal for JEE approval. 
• Replace entrance spotlights with proper fixtures for silk/screen oriental paintings 
RB to solicit proposal for JEE approval. 
• Replace cocoa mat Front door? JEE decision 
• Lounge area Sue's office purchase new furniture. SH to purchase. 
• Main Grand Stair case have Ion touch up Venetian. , 
walls door entrance to 
elevator corners damaged. RB to have Ion do on 
• Entrance stairs — install new carpet runner on stairs? , have stone stairs front door 
landing cleaned again. Change lighting scheme in entrance. JE decision for 
runner & lighting .RB to solicit company to clean stone on 
• Pantry corridor and kitchen area — replace vinyl wood floor. JE decision. 
EFTA00588819
--- PAGE 3 ---
■ 
Re finish front entrance wood doors .RB to solicit proposal for JEE approval. 
■ 
Repaint kitchen and pantry corridor. JE decision RB to have Ion to give 
proposal. 
■ 
Dining room — Repaint change carpet? JE decision. 
Cellar Area — 
• Laundry room — Re paint touch up walls, doors, and trim. RB will do week of 
3/19 
■ 
Lynn and Jojo's apartment — repaint entire apartment, kitchen area install all new 
appliances on order, and kitchen exhaust system purchase all new furniture and 
carpet. RB & SK work in progress. 
■ 
Catering kitchen — repaint entire room, clean all stainless steel. RB to have Ion to 
give proposal for paint. Staff to clean stainless steel. Week of 3/12. 
■ 
Entrance to basement from front of house needs to repainted, plastered, steel steps 
need to be wire brushed work. In progress. 
■ 
Organize art storage room. RB and staff week of 3/12. 
■ 
Maytag washer #1 needs new bearings makes loud noise in spin cycle I have a 
$560.00 proposal for the repair needs approval. 
• Remove all rubbish in yard need to hire carting company, Purchase more fire 
wood and cover with tarp. RB will solicit company and do on =. 
Mechanical — 
• Replace Stand pipe sprinkler alarm panel defective beyond repair. RB to solicit 
proposal this system is original to house ,and is not supported by ADT.Their 
is only one technician in ADT that is familiar with this control panel he had a 
used control board by luck on his repair truck and fixed the panel, it worked 
for a few months . If I plug in it will alarm randomly and send alarms to all 
house key pads and disturb everyone in the middle of the night. 
• Infrared test all steam traps on entire steam system. Replace defective traps. RB 
seasonal maintenance. 
• Drain and clean cooling tower sump order suction baffles and filter screens for 
sump from BAC. RB seasonal maintenance RB to solicit proposal to order 
parts needed to be done due to age of cooling tower sump. It will need total 
replacement in the near future. 
• Remove and clean suction filter screens on all condenser water pumps. RB 
seasonal maintenance. 
• Replace three defective steam condensate pumps. Steam condensate pump out 
system. RB will get proposal for cost of pumps for JEE approval , I will 
install new pumps this system is original to house and failed due to age I 
have repaired several times over the past 10 years system bypassed to sump 
ejector system started to leak on the end of the steam pre heat season. This 
needs to be replaced before the next heating season. 
EFTA00588820
--- PAGE 4 ---
■ 
Replace cooling tower chemical pump feed system for biocide and corrosion 
inhibitor with cylinder tablet feed system from clarity chemical co. RB sent to 
RK for E mail with cost for approval, the current pulse feed system does not 
give the cooling tower water the proper chemical treatment due to low feed 
rates that clog up feed pump system constantly. This is an up grade to assure 
the high efficiency chiller cleaner water and better electrical efficiency 
during the summer operation. I asked Clarity chemical to come up with a 
solution to this issue. 
■ 
Replace siemens steam pre heat valves on AC-2, AC-4.RB found during steam 
pre heat operation valves not holding set points. RB will solicit proposal for 
replacement of valves needs to be done before next heating system this 
system operates and is valved on when outside temperatures fall below 32 
deg .F 
• Perform NYCFD .standpipe sprinkler 5 yr test with licensed fire suppression 
plumber RB will solicit proposal for plumber this is due by NYCFD code. 
• Paint front of house all black steel bars on tree pits, terrace guards, 2nd fl., 3nd fl., 
rear of house set back railings. RB to solicit proposal for JEE approval. 
• Replace AC-1 fan motor hold down bracket breaking away from motor. RB to get 
price on motor I will order on week of 3/12 needs to be done! I just found 
problem motor problem due to age 24 hr operation original to house. 
■ 
Infrared test and tighten all electrical connections to main MCC high voltage 
panels. RB to solicit proposal from testing company for JEE to approve, this 
should be done due to age and usage of electrical MCC panels 24 hr use of 
equipment in residence. 
• Purchases Nortek humidifier replacement cylinders for AC-1, AC-2, and AC 3. 
RB to do seasonal maintenance item. RB will purchase and install only one 
cylinder in stock. Order week of 3/19 
■ 
Replaced condenser motor for ac unit that supplies ac to basement main security 
room and helps supply additional ac to server room. RB checked unit during 
PM seasonal maintenance. RB will remove and repair week of 4/1 give price 
for new motor failed due to age and 24 hr operation. 
■ 
Pressure wash all cooling coils on all main air fans AC-1, AC-2 AC-3 AC_4 and 
all reheat zones to all rooms. RB to do cooling season start up PM. 
■ 
Test emergency generator ATS switches EPP and emergency life safety 
system.RB to solicit proposal for JEE approval for electrical engineering Test 
Company to assist in testing. We should run in emergency mode at least once 
per year. 
■ 
Replace Spence low pressure low volume steam control valve, steam reduction 
station SC Level .RB repaired valve in the start of the heating season valve is 
very sluggish needs to be replaced. RB to get proposal for cost of valve for 
JEE approval. 
EFTA00588821
--- PAGE 5 ---
■ 
Replace fan motor for bedroom stair case ac-unit AC-6, replace fan motor for unit 
heater for court yard heater, RB removed motor having problem finding 
replacement motor manufacturer discontinued line searching for 
replacement I will forward price when I find proper motor unit failed due to 
age. 
■ 
Server room ac unit needs to be re piped and tied into cooling tower condenser 
water system and taken off domestic water.RB reviewing nearest condenser 
water piping for tie in I will give cost to resolve problem this is not legal in 
NYC. 
■ 
Re paint & plaster leak damaged walls service stairs /fire stair case and dirty staff 
traffic areas. RB painting Work in progress 
EFTA00588822

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588823.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588823.pdf
----------------------------------------
FOURTH DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
CASE NO.: 4D14-2282 
L.T. Case No.: 502009CA040800 
Appellant, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Appellee. 
I 
MOTION FOR APPELLATE ATTORNEYS' FEES AND COSTS 
Appellee, Jeffrey Epstein, moves for an order determining his entitlement to 
appellate attorneys' fees and costs pursuant to Section 768.79, Florida Statutes and 
Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.442. By order of February 3, 2015, the trial 
court has determined that Epstein is entitled to trial court fees and costs pursuant to 
Florida Statute Section 768.79 and Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.442. The 
amount of these fees and costs has not yet been determined. This award was based 
on the fact that Epstein filed a good faith Offer of Judgment which Edwards 
rejected. A copy of the February 3, 2015 order is attached. A copy of the Motion 
for Attorney's Fees and Costs with other relevant pleadings is also attached. 
Epstein relies upon the case law cited in these documents along with the trial 
court's order citing cases. Also see Respiratory Care Services, Inc. v. Shear, 715 
So. 2d 1054 (Fla. 5th DCA 1998), and cases cited therein. This court should 
EFTA00588823
--- PAGE 2 ---
determine that Epstein is entitled to an affirmance of the final judgment below and 
also entitled to these fees and costs. The matter should be remanded for the trial 
court to determine the amount of the fees and costs. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that 
electronically to the following this 
William B. King 
Searcy Denny Scarola Barnhart 
& Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, 
Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Ste. 2 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Mark Nurik 
Law Offices of Mark S. Nurik 
E. Broward Blvd., Ste. 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
W. Chester Brewer, Jr. 
W. Chester Brewer, Jr. P.A. 
250 S. Australian Ave., Ste. 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
a copy of the foregoing has been furnished 
day March, 2015: 
Philip M. Burlington 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons/Suite 350 
444 W. Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Fred Haddad 
Fred Haddad, P.A. 
Financial Plaza, Ste. 2612 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Jack Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 S. Australian Ave., Ste. 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
EFTA00588824
--- PAGE 3 ---
/s/ John Beranek 
JOHN BERANEK 
Fla. Bar No.: 0005419 
AUSLEY & MCMULLEN, P.A. 
123 South Calhoun Street 
P.O. Box 391 (zip 32302) 
(secondary) 
/s/ Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
Florida Bar No.: 176737 
Tonja Haddad, PA 
5315 SE 7th Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
EFTA00588825

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588826.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588826.pdf
----------------------------------------
AP NARROWS LP 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
EFTA00588826
--- PAGE 2 ---
AP NARROWS LP 
AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
ARTICLE I ESTABLISHMENT OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
1.1 
Formation 
1.2 
Name 
1.3 
Purpose and Business of the Partnership  
1.4 
Powers 
1.5 
Term 
1.6 
Registered Office; Agent for Service of Process 
1.7 
Principal Office 
ARTICLE II DEFINITIONS 
2.1 
Definitions 
ARTICLE III CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND CAPITAL ACCOUNTS 
3.1 
Capital Accounts 
3.2 
Additional Contributions 
3.3 
Loans 
ARTICLE IV ALLOCATION OF PROFIT AND LOSS 
4.1 
Allocation of Profits and Losses 
4.2 
Regulatory Allocations 
ARTICLE V DISTRIBUTIONS 
5.1 
Distributions Other Than Upon Winding-Up 
5.2 
Distributions Upon Winding Up 
ARTICLE VI TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
6.1 
Right of First Refusal 
6.2 
Permitted Transfers 
6.3 
Certain Prohibited Transfers 
6.4 
Other Purported Transfers 
6.5 
No Right to Withdraw 
ARTICLE VII DISSOLUTION AND WINDING-UP 
7.1 
Events Occasioning Dissolution 
7.2 
Winding-Up 
7.3 
Liquidating Distributions 
ARTICLE VIII MANAGEMENT 
8.1 
Management by the General Partners 
8.2 
Number of General Partners and Term of Office 
EFTA00588827
--- PAGE 3 ---
8.3 
Successor and Additional General Partners 
8.4 
Resignation 
8.5 
Death, Dissolution, Incapacity or Bankruptcy of a General Partner 
8.6 
Death, Incapacity or Bankruptcy of a Limited Partner 
8.7 
Other Interests 
8.8 
Reliance by Third Parties 
8.9 
Reimbursement of Expenses 
8.10 
Liability and Indemnity 
8.11 
Limited Liability 
ARTICLE IX SUBSTITUTION; ADDITIONAL PARTNERS 
9.1 
Substituted Partners 
9.2 
Transfers of General Partnership Interests 
9.3 
Additional Partners 
ARTICLE X ACCOUNTING 
10.1 
Accounting Method. 
10.2 
Books and Records 
10.3 
Reports 
10.4 
Federal Income Tax Elections 
10.5 
Tax Matters Partner 
ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS 
11.1 
Decisions by the General Partners 
11.2 
Amendments 
11.3 
Notices 
11.4 
No Delivery of Certificates 
11.5 
Governing Law 
11.6 
Further Assurances 
11.7 
Headings, Gender and Number 
11.8 
Benefit 
11.9 
Counterparts 
EFTA00588828
--- PAGE 4 ---
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
OF 
AP NARROWS LP 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT made as of this 
day of 
, 2015, by and among the Persons or entities identified on Schedule A 
as a Class A General Partner, Class B General Partner and Limited Partner. 
WHEREAS, AP Narrows LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the "Partnership"),
was formed by a certificate of limited partnership duly filed with the State of Delaware Secretary 
of State on December 24, 2014, and such certificate remains in full force and effect. 
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, it is hereby agreed, as follows: 
1.1 
ARTICLE I 
ESTABLISHMENT OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
Formation. The Partnership was formed as a limited partnership pursuant to the 
provisions of the Revised Limited Partnership Act as adopted in the State of Delaware (the 
"Act"). This Agreement sets forth fully the agreements and understandings of the Partners in 
respect of the Partnership. 
1.2 
Name. The name of the Partnership is "AP NARROWS LP" 
1.3 
Purpose and Business of the Partnership. The purpose of the Partnership is to 
pool certain of the funds of the Partners so as to permit the Partners to share in various 
investments (including investments in works of art). The Partnership is designed to ease the 
administrative burdens of managing assets, facilitate diversification, broaden access to 
investment opportunities and reduce transaction costs for the Partners. The Partnership further 
EFTA00588829
--- PAGE 5 ---
may simplify the transfer of assets otherwise not readily divisible into small units, such as real 
property, works of art, partnership interests, interests in hedge funds, private equity funds and 
unincorporated business interests. The Partnership further may engage in any act or activity for 
which limited partnerships may be organized under the Act, in accordance with this Agreement. 
The Partnership is not being formed solely for the purpose of acquiring securities in connection 
with any particular investment. 
1.4 
Powers. The Partnership shall have the power to do all things necessary or 
desirable in the conduct of its business to the fullest possible extent. 
1.5 
Term. The term of the Partnership shall commence upon its formation pursuant to 
the Act and shall have perpetual existence unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of 
this Agreement. 
1.6 
Registered Office: Agent for Service of Process. The address of the Partnership's 
registered office in the State of Delaware is c/o Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centerville 
Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19808. The name and address of 
the registered agent for service of process on the Partnership in the State of Delaware is 
Corporation Services Company, 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, County of New 
Castle, Delaware 19808. The General Partners may, from time to time, change the registered 
office or the registered agent of the Partnership. 
1.7 
Principal Office. The principal office of the Partnership shall be c/o Elysium 
Management LLC, 445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401, New York, New York 10022, or such other 
locations as the General Partners may determine. 
EFTA00588830
--- PAGE 6 ---
ARTICLE II 
DEFINITIONS 
2.1 
Definitions. The following defined terms used in this Agreement shall have the 
respective meanings specified below. 
"Accounting Period" means the period of the Partnership beginning on the date 
hereof, the first day of a Fiscal Year or any other day reasonably selected by the Class A General 
Partner (an "adjustment date") and ending on the earlier of the next succeeding adjustment date 
or the last day of a Fiscal Year. 
"Class A General Partner" means each General Partner designated on Schedule A 
as a Class A General Partner and each Person appointed as an additional or successor Class A 
General Partner in accordance with Section 8.4. The Class A General Partner shall have the 
exclusive authority to manage the business of the Partnership and to carry out the purposes of the 
Partnership in accordance with Section 1.3; provided, however, that no Class A General Partner 
shall participate in decisions regarding (i) the timing or amount of distributions to the Partners 
(whether in cash or in kind); (ii) the timing or amount of additional capital contributions required 
of the Partners under Section 3.2; (iii) use of the Partnership property by the Partners; (iv) 
consent to the pledge of Partnership Interests as collateral for a Partner's loans; or (v) dissolution 
of the Partnership under Section 7.1. The Class A General Partners shall have no other powers 
or authority to act except as specifically authorized under this Agreement. 
"Class A General Partnership Interest" means the Partnership Interest (as 
hereinafter defined) of a Class A General Partner. 
EFTA00588831
--- PAGE 7 ---
"Class B General Partner" means each General Partner designated as a Class B 
General Partner on Schedule A and each Person appointed as an additional or successor Class B 
General Partner in accordance with Section 8.4. The Class B General Partners shall have full 
and exclusive authority to make all decisions regarding (i) the timing or amount of distributions 
to the Partners (whether in cash or in kind); (ii) the timing or amount of additional capital 
contributions required of the Partners under Section 3.2; (iii) use of the Partnership property by 
the Partners to the extent not otherwise rented for fair market rental value or loaned for 
exhibition; (iv) consent to the pledge of Partnership Interests as collateral for a Partner's loans; 
(v) dissolution of the Partnership under Section 7.1; and (vi) such other acts specifically provided 
in this Agreement. 
"Class B General Partnership Interest" means the Partnership Interest (as 
hereinafter defined) of a Class B General Partner. 
"Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the 
corresponding provisions of any successor statute. 
"Eligible Person" means (i) any Person who is then a Partner; (ii) Leon D. Black 
("LDB"); (iii) a descendant of LDB ("LDB Descendant"); (iv) the spouse (including a same sex 
spouse) of any Partner, LDB or LDB Descendant; (v) a descendant of any Partner; (vi) the estate 
of any Partner; (vii) trusts for the primary benefit of any one or more Partners, LDB or LDB 
Descendants, Qualified Charitable Organizations, the spouse (including a same sex spouse) of 
any Partner, LDB or LDB Descendant and/or any one or more of the descendants of any Partner; 
(viii) a beneficiary of any trust which is a Partner; (ix) any custodian for the benefit of any of the 
foregoing individuals under any state's Uniform Transfers to Minors Act or comparable law in 
EFTA00588832
--- PAGE 8 ---
any other jurisdiction; and (x) any entity all the beneficial owners of which are Persons 
previously described in this paragraph. 
"Fiscal Year means each fiscal year of the Partnership (or portion thereof), 
which shall end on December 31; provided, however, that upon termination of the Partnership, 
"Fiscal Year" shall mean the period from the January 1 immediately preceding such termination 
to the date of such termination. 
"General Partners" unless otherwise specified, means the Class A and Class B 
General Partners and any future Class A or Class B General Partners of the Partnership from 
time to time. 
"Net Profit" and "Net Loss" mean the Partnership's net profits or net losses, as 
the case may be, determined on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles consistently applied and in accordance with the following: (i) Net 
Profits and Net Losses shall include realized and unrealized profits and losses with respect to all 
property or positions held by the Partnership. Realized or unrealized profit and loss with respect 
to any property or position held during any Fiscal Year includes the realized or unrealized 
appreciation or depreciation with respect to such property or position determined by comparing 
the net proceeds from the sale of such property or the closing of such position, as the case may 
be, or the market value of such property or position at the end of such Fiscal Year with either the 
cost of such property or position, if established during such Fiscal Year, or the market value of 
such property or position at the end of the preceding Fiscal Year, if such property was sold or 
such position established during a prior Fiscal Year, and (ii) there shall be deducted in computing 
Net Profits and Net Losses expenses if any, in respect of the particular Fiscal Year (whether 
EFTA00588833
--- PAGE 9 ---
performed therein or to be performed thereafter), and such reserves for contingent liabilities of 
the Partnership, including estimated expenses, if any, in connection therewith, as the Class A 
General Partners shall determine. 
"Limited Partner" means any Partner who is not a Class A or Class B General 
Partner. 
"Limited Partnership Interest" means the Partnership Interest of a Limited 
Partner. 
"Partner" means each Person set forth on Schedule A holding an interest in the 
Partnership (whether as a General Partner or a Limited Partner) and such other Persons admitted 
as Partners of the Partnership in accordance with Article IX. 
"Partnership Interest" means the ownership interest of a Partner (whether a 
General Partner or a Limited Partner) in the Partnership at the relevant time, and the right of such 
Partner to any and all benefits to which a Partner may be entitled under this Agreement and the 
Act, together with all obligations of such Partner to comply with the terms and provisions of this 
Agreement. 
"Percentage Interest" means, with respect to each Partner, the ratio of the Capital 
Account balance of such Partner (and in the case of an assignee, such Partner's assignor) and the 
aggregate Capital Account balances of all the Partners (and their assignors) as of the date in 
question. The Percentage Interests of the Partners, as of the date of the Agreement, are set forth 
on Schedule A. 
EFTA00588834
--- PAGE 10 ---
"Person" means any individual, corporation, association, partnership (general or 
limited), joint venture, trust, estate, limited liability company, or other legal entity or 
organization. 
"Qualified Charitable Organization" means a corporation, organization or other 
entity, transfers to which are deductible for Federal income, gift and estate tax purposes under 
Section 170(c), Section 2522(a) and Section 2055(a) of the Code. 
"Schedule A" means Schedule A annexed to this Agreement as amended and in 
effect from time to time. The Class A General Partners shall amend Schedule A from time to 
time to reflect any change in ownership of Partnership Interests or in a Partner's Percentage 
Interest. Any amendment or revision to Schedule A in accordance with this Agreement shall not 
be deemed an amendment to this Agreement. 
"Treasury Regulations" shall mean the Income Tax Regulations promulgated 
under the Code, as amended from time to time. 
ARTICLE III 
CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
AND CAPITAL ACCOUNTS 
3.1 
Capital Accounts. 
3.1.1 
A separate capital account (a "Capital Account") shall be maintained for 
each Partner. Each Partner's Capital Account shall be credited with (i) the amount of such 
Partner's aggregate capital contributions made in cash and the fair market value of all property 
contributed by such Partner (net of liabilities that are secured by such contributed property), (ii) 
such Partner's allocated share of Net Profit and other items of income and gain of the 
Partnership, and (iii) the amount of any Partnership liabilities assumed by such Partner. Each 
EFTA00588835
--- PAGE 11 ---
Partner's Capital Account shall be reduced by (i) the amount of any cash distributions to such 
Partner and the fair market value of all property distributed in kind to such Partner (net of 
liabilities that are secured by such distributed property), (ii) such Partner's allocated share of Net 
Loss and other items of deduction and loss of the Partnership, and (iii) the amount of any 
liabilities of such Partner assumed by the Partnership. 
3.1.2 The foregoing provisions and other provisions of this Agreement relating 
to the maintenance of Capital Accounts are intended to comply with Treasury Regulations 
§1.704-1(b)(2)(iv), and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. The Class A General Partners 
shall be authorized to make appropriate amendments to the allocation of items to the Capital 
Accounts if necessary to comply with such Treasury Regulation. 
3.1.3 In the event of a transfer of any Partnership Interest in the Partnership, the 
transferee shall succeed, as of the date of such transfer, to that portion of the transferor's Capital 
Account that relates to such transferred Partnership Interest. 
3.2 
Additional Contributions. 
3.2.1 
Partners shall be required to make additional capital contributions as 
provided in this Agreement. 
3.2.2 Each Partner shall make such additional capital contributions as are 
demanded by the Class B General Partner, within forty-five (45) days of the Class B General 
Partner's demand (the "Closing Date"). If a Partner fails to make such additional capital 
contribution by the Closing Date (the "Defaulting Partner"), the amount of the Defaulting 
Partner's unpaid additional capital contribution shall be treated (i) as a loan to the Defaulting 
Partner from the Partnership; or (ii) as a loan to the Defaulting Partner from such other Partners, 
EFTA00588836
--- PAGE 12 ---
if any, who have paid the Defaulting Partner's additional capital contribution on the Defaulting 
Partner's behalf. In such event, the Defaulting Partner shall pay to the Partnership interest, or to 
such other Partners, their pro rata portion of the interest, on the unpaid additional capital 
contribution at the rate of five percent (5%) per annum until the Defaulting Partner has paid the 
outstanding additional capital contribution in full. Interest shall accrue commencing with the 
Closing Date, and shall be due and payable on each anniversary of the Closing Date. 
3.2.3 Any Partner may make additional contributions of capital, in cash or in 
property, in amounts and at times agreed to by the Class B General Partner. In the event that a 
contribution of capital is made at a time other than the end or beginning of a calendar year, the 
Class B General Partner may treat such contribution (or, in the case of contributed property, the 
fair market value of such property) as a loan until the end of the then-current accounting period, 
bearing interest at a rate that is determined by the Class B General Partner to be a fair and 
reasonable interest rate, taking into account the interests of all Partners. 
3.2.4 The Class B General Partner shall update the Partnership's books and 
records to reflect any additional capital contribution. 
3.3 
Loans. Any Partner may, but shall not be required to, make loans to the 
Partnership and, in respect of such loans, shall be treated as a creditor of the Partnership. Such 
loans shall be repaid as and when the Partnership has funds available therefor, and such loans 
and interest thereon (at rates to be agreed upon by the lending Partner and the Partnership) shall 
constitute obligations of the Partnership. Any such loan shall not increase such Partner's Capital 
Account, entitle such Partner to any increase in such Partner's share of the profits of the 
EFTA00588837
--- PAGE 13 ---
Partnership or subject such Partner to any greater proportion of losses which the Partnership may 
sustain. 
ARTICLE IV 
ALLOCATION OF PROFIT AND LOSS 
4.1 
Allocation of Profits and Losses. 
4.1.1 The Partnership's Net Profit and Net Loss for any Accounting Period shall 
be allocated among the Partners in proportion to their Percentage Interests. 
4.1.2 The Partnership's items of income, gain, loss and deduction shall be 
allocated for Federal, state and local income tax purposes among the Partners proportionately to 
the allocation of Net Profit and Net Loss among the Partners. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
solely for Federal, state and local income tax purposes, in accordance with Sections 704(b) and 
704(c) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, income, gain, loss and 
deduction with respect to property contributed to the Partnership by a Partner shall be allocated 
among the Partners in accordance with Section 704(c) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations 
promulgated thereunder so as to take account of any difference between the tax basis of such 
property to the Partnership for Federal income tax purposes and its book basis. 
4.1.3 If any Partnership Interest is transferred or any Percentage Interest is 
changed pursuant to the terms of the Agreement during a Fiscal Year, the amount of Net Profit 
and Net Loss to be allocated to the Partners for such entire Fiscal Year in accordance with their 
respective Percentage Interests shall be allocated to the portion of such Fiscal Year which 
precedes the date of such transfer or change (and if there shall have been a prior transfer or 
change in such Fiscal Year, which commences on the date of such prior transfer or change) and 
EFTA00588838
--- PAGE 14 ---
to the portion of such Fiscal Year which occurs on and after the date of such transfer or change 
(and if there shall be a subsequent transfer or change in such Fiscal Year, which precedes the 
date of such subsequent transfer or change), in proportion to the number of days in each such 
portion (or, in the case of a transfer, in accordance with an interim closing of the books at the 
election and the expense of the parties to the transfer), and the amounts of the items so allocated 
to each such portion shall be credited or charged to the Partners in proportion to their respective 
Percentage Interests during each such portion of the Fiscal Year in question. Such allocation 
shall be made without regard to the date, amount or receipt of any distributions that may have 
been made with respect to the transferred Partnership Interest. As of the date of such transfer, 
the transferee Partner shall succeed to the Capital Account of the transferor Partner with respect 
to the transferred Partnership Interest. 
II 
EFTA00588839
--- PAGE 15 ---
4.2 
Regulatory Allocations. 
4.2.1 
Section 704 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations issued thereunder, 
including but not limited to the provisions of such Treasury Regulations addressing qualified 
income offset provisions, minimum gain chargeback requirements and allocations of deductions 
attributable to nonrecourse debt and partner nonrecourse debt, are hereby incorporated by 
reference. If, as a result of the provisions of Section 704 of the Code and such Treasury 
Regulations, items of Net Profit or Net Loss are allocated to the Partners in a manner that is 
inconsistent with the manner in which the Partners intend to divide Partnership distributions as 
reflected in Section 4.1, to the extent permitted under such Treasury Regulations, items of future 
profit and loss shall be allocated among the Partners so as to prevent such allocations from 
distorting the manner in which Partnership distributions will be divided among the Partners 
pursuant to this Agreement. 
4.2.2 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IV, no Partner shall be 
allocated in any Fiscal Year of the Partnership any Net Loss to the extent such allocation would 
cause or increase a deficit balance in such Partner's Capital Account, determined after taking 
into account all other allocations to be made for such year pursuant to this Article IV and after 
adjusting such Capital Account for the reasonably expected adjustments, allocations and 
distributions described in Treasury Regulations §1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d). In the event that one but 
not all of the Partners would have a deficit balance in his Capital Account, the limitation set forth 
in this Section 4.2.2 shall be applied so as to allocate the maximum permissible Net Loss to such 
Partner under Treasury Regulations § 1.704-I (b)(2)(ii)(d). Any such Net Loss in excess of the 
limitation set forth in this Section 4.2.2 that would be allocated to a Partner shall be allocated to 
the other Partner or Partners. In the event any Partner has a deficit balance in his Capital 
EFTA00588840
--- PAGE 16 ---
Account at the end of any Fiscal Year, such Partner shall be specially allocated items of 
Partnership income and gain in the amount of such excess as quickly as possible, provided that 
an allocation pursuant to this Section 4.2.2 shall be made only if and to the extent that a Partner 
would have a deficit balance in his, her or its Capital Account in excess of such sum after all 
other allocations provided for in this Article IV have been tentatively made as if this Section 
4.2.2 were not in this Agreement. This Section 4.2.2 is intended to comply with the qualified 
income offset requirement of Treasury Regulations §1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and shall be interpreted 
consistently therewith. 
ARTICLE V 
DISTRIBUTIONS 
5.1 
Distributions Other Than Upon Winding-Up. Distributions shall be made to the 
Partners at the times and in the aggregate amounts determined in the sole discretion of the Class 
B General Partners. Such distributions shall be allocated among the Partners in proportion to 
their Percentage Interests. The Class B General Partners shall have authority to make any such 
distributions on behalf of any Partner (i) directly to the United States Treasury and any state or 
local taxing authority of such amounts as may be necessary to discharge such Partner's income 
tax liability (including but not limited to Federal, State, local or otherwise) and (ii) if such 
Partner is under the age of majority, to a custodian on behalf of such Partner. 
5.2 
Distributions Upon Winding Up. Upon the dissolution and winding-up of the 
Partnership, distributions shall be made as provided in Section 7.3. 
EFTA00588841
--- PAGE 17 ---
ARTICLE VI 
TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
6.1 
Right of First Refusal. Except as permitted by Section 6.2, but in all events 
subject to Section 9.1 hereof, no Partner or any assignee thereof shall have the right to sell, 
assign, or otherwise transfer all or any part of such Partner's Partnership Interest (the "Offered 
Interests") unless such Partner or assignee (the "Seller") first offers to sell the Offered Interests 
pursuant to the terms of this Section 6.1. 
6.1.1 No transfer may be made under this Section 6.1 unless the Seller has 
received a bona fide written offer (the "Purchase Offer") from the prospective transferee (the 
"Purchaser") to purchase the Offered Interests for a purchase price (the "Offer Price") 
denominated and payable in United States dollars at closing or according to specified terms, with 
or without interest, which offer shall be in writing signed by the Purchaser and shall be 
irrevocable for a period ending no sooner than the day following the end of the Offer Period, as 
hereinafter defined. 
6.1.2 Prior to making any transfer that is subject to the terms of this Section 6.1, 
the Seller shall give to each Partner, written notice (the "Offer Notice") which shall include the 
following: (I) the identity of the Purchaser; (2) a copy of the Purchase Offer; (3) a statement 
signed by the Purchaser to the effect that, upon purchase of the Offered Interests, the Purchaser 
agrees to become a Partner, to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as a 
Partner with respect to the Offered Interests, and to execute such documents and instruments as 
the other Partners deem necessary or appropriate to confirm such agreements; and (4) an offer 
(the "Firm Offer") to sell the Offered Interests to the other Partners (the "Offerees") for the Offer 
Price, payable according to the same terms as (or more favorable terms than) those contained in 
EFTA00588842
--- PAGE 18 ---
the Purchase Offer, provided that the Firm Offer shall be made without regard to the requirement 
of any earnest money or similar deposit required of the Purchaser prior to closing, and without 
regard to any security (other than the Offered Interests) to be provided by the Purchaser for any 
deferred portion of the Offer Price. 
6.1.3 The Firm Offer shall be irrevocable for a period (the "Offer Period") 
ending at 5:00 M., local time, at the Partnership's principal place of business, on the ninetieth 
(90th) day following the day of the Offer Notice. 
6.1.4 At any time during the Offer Period, any Offeree may accept the Firm 
Offer as to all or any portion of the Offered Interests by giving written notice of such acceptance 
to the Seller and each other Offeree (an "Acceptance") which notice shall indicate the maximum 
portion of the Offered Interests that such Offeree is willing to purchase. In the event that 
Offerees ("Accepting Offerees"), in the aggregate, accept the Firm Offer with respect to all, or 
more than all, of the Offered Interests during the Offer Period, the Firm Offer shall be deemed to 
be accepted. In the event that Accepting Offerees accept the Finn Offer with respect to more 
than all of the Offered Interests, each Accepting Offeree shall be deemed to have accepted the 
Firm Offer with respect to that portion of the Offered Interests that corresponds to the ratio of the 
Offered Interests that such Accepting Offeree indicated a willingness to purchase to the 
aggregate Offered Interests all Accepting Offerees indicated a willingness to purchase. If 
Offerees do not accept the Firm Offer as to all, or more than all, of the Offered Interests during 
the Offer Period, the Firm Offer shall be deemed to be rejected in its entirety. 
6.1.5 In the event the Firm Offer is accepted, the closing of the sale of the 
Offered Interests shall take place within thirty (30) days after the Finn Offer is accepted or, if 
EFTA00588843
--- PAGE 19 ---
later, the date of closing set forth in the Purchase Offer. The Seller and all Accepting Offerees 
shall execute such documents and instruments as may be necessary or appropriate to effect the 
sale of the Offered Interests pursuant to the terms of the Firm Offer and this Section 6.1 and such 
sale shall be subject to the provisions of Section 9.1. 
6.1.6 If the Firm Offer is not accepted in the manner hereinabove provided, the 
Seller may sell the Offered Interests to the Purchaser at any time within sixty (60) days after the 
last day of the Offer Period, provided that such sale shall be made on terms no more favorable to 
the Purchaser than the terms contained in the Purchase Offer and provided further that such sale 
complies with the other terms, conditions, and restrictions of this Agreement that are applicable 
to sales of Partnership Interests and are not expressly made inapplicable to sales occurring under 
this Section 6.1. In the event that the Offered Interest is not sold in accordance with the terms of 
the preceding sentence, the Offered Interest shall again become subject to all of the conditions 
and restrictions of this Section 6.1. 
6.2 
Permitted Transfers. 
6.2.1 Notwithstanding Section 6.1, but in all events subject to Sections 6.2.2, 
9.1 and 9.2 hereof, a Partner may sell, assign, pledge or otherwise transfer all or any part of such 
Partner's Partnership Interest without an offer first having been made pursuant to Section 6.1 if, 
and only if, such transferee or pledgee is an Eligible Person. In addition, notwithstanding 
Section 6.1, any interest as a Partner which is held by a custodian for a minor under a Uniform 
Gifts to Minors Act, Uniform Transfers to Minors Act or a similar act shall be fully transferable 
and assignable to the minor when the minor reaches the age of termination of such custodianship 
under the applicable statute. 
EFTA00588844
--- PAGE 20 ---
6.2.2 Notwithstanding Sections 6.1 and 6.2.1, a Partner may pledge a 
Partnership Interest to a pledgee who is not an Eligible Person as collateral for a loan made to 
such Partner if, and only if, the Class B General Partner has consented thereto, which consent 
may be granted or withheld in the Class B General Partner's sole discretion; provided, however, 
that a pledgee who acquires a Partnership Interest as a result of enforcing rights under such a 
pledge shall be entitled only to share in such profits and losses, to receive such distribution or 
distributions, and to receive such allocation of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit or similar 
item to which an assignee is entitled. Such transferee shall have no right to an accounting of the 
affairs of the Partnership and shall not have any rights of a Partner under the Act or this 
Agreement, except as to allocations and distributions with respect to such transferred interests. 
6.3 
Certain Prohibited Transfers. Notwithstanding Sections 6.1 and 6.2 hereof, no 
Partner shall have the right to sell, assign, or otherwise transfer any portion or all of such 
Partner's Partnership Interest if such sale, assignment or other transfer would cause (i) the 
Partnership to be classified as a publicly traded partnership or otherwise as a corporation for 
United States federal income tax purposes or (ii) unless the Partnership determines it to be 
immaterial, a termination of the Partnership pursuant to Section 708 of the Code. 
6.4 
Other Purported Transfers. No Partner shall have the right to sell, assign, 
mortgage, pledge, or otherwise voluntarily transfer or encumber any portion or all of such 
Partner's Partnership Interest, except as provided in Sections 6.1 and 6.2 hereof. A transferee 
who acquires a Partnership Interest by any purported sale, assignment, mortgage, pledge, 
hypothecation or other voluntary transfer or encumbrance by a Partner of any or all of such 
Partner's Partnership Interest, in violation of this Article, shall be entitled only to share in such 
profits and losses, to receive such distribution or distributions, and to receive such allocation of 
EFTA00588845
--- PAGE 21 ---
income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit or similar item to which the assignor was entitled, to the 
extent assigned. Such transferee shall have no right to an accounting of the affairs of the 
Partnership and shall not have any rights of a Partner under the Act or this Agreement, except as 
to allocations and distributions with respect to such transferred interests. 
6.5 
No Right to Withdraw. 
6.5.1 No Partner may withdraw from the Partnership or reduce such Partner's 
Capital Account without the unanimous consent of the Class B General Partners. No Partner 
shall be entitled to receive or be credited with any interest on the balance in such Partner's 
Capital Account at any time. A Partner who withdraws or purports to withdraw as a Partner of 
the Partnership in violation of this Agreement shall be liable to the Partnership for any damages 
suffered by the Partnership on account of the breach and shall not be entitled to receive any 
payment of his, her or its interest in the Partnership or a return of his, her or its capital 
contribution until the time otherwise provided herein for distribution to Partners, but shall 
nevertheless be entitled to distributions in accordance with Section 5.1 hereof. 
6.5.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.5: At the 
request of a Partner who shall have received consent to withdraw from the Partnership pursuant 
to Section 6.5.1 (the "Withdrawing Partner"), the Class B General Partners may, but are not 
required to, redeem the Withdrawing Partner's Partnership Interest, in whole or in part, by 
distributing assets to such Withdrawing Partner, the fair market value of which is to be 
determined by the Class B General Partners. If any Partner's Partnership Interest is not 
completely redeemed, such Partner's Capital Account is to be adjusted to reflect the decline in 
his, her or its Capital Account. Nothing herein shall be construed to create a right in a Partner to 
have his or her Partnership Interest redeemed. 
EFTA00588846
--- PAGE 22 ---
ARTICLE VII 
DISSOLUTION AND WINDING-UP 
7.1 
Events Occasioning Dissolution. The Partnership shall dissolve and terminate 
upon the first to occur of any of the following events: 
7.1.1 The unanimous written consent of the Class B General Partners to dissolve 
the Partnership; 
7.1.2 The entry of a decree of judicial dissolution under Section 17-802 of the 
Act; and 
7.1.3 Except as provided in Section 17-801(3) of the Act, at any time there are 
no General Partners. 
7.2 
Winding-Up. The Partnership shall be allowed one year from the date of any 
event occasioning dissolution for the winding-up of its affairs and shall be allowed such 
additional time as may be reasonable for the orderly sale of the Partnership properties. 
7.3 
Liquidating Distributions. Upon the dissolution and winding-up of the 
Partnership, the assets of the Partnership shall be distributed in the following order of priority: 
7.3.1 To the payment of the expenses of winding-up, including the 
establishment of any reserves against liabilities or obligations of the Partnership that the Class B 
General Partners deem appropriate, such reserves to be charged against the Partners' Capital 
Accounts according to the Percentage Interests of the Partners, which reserve, prior to payment 
of such liabilities and obligations, shall be placed in the hands of an escrow agent for such period 
and upon such terms as the Class B General Partners shall determine; and, then, 
7.3.2 To the payment of other debts and liabilities of the Partnership and, then, 
EFTA00588847
--- PAGE 23 ---
7.3.3 To the Partners in proportion to their Percentage Interests. 
ARTICLE VIII 
MANAGEMENT 
8.1 
Management by the General Partners. 
8.1.1 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement (including as provided in 
Section 2.1 hereof), the business affairs of the Partnership shall be managed exclusively by the 
General Partners in accordance with the provisions of this Section 8.1.1 and Section 11.1 below. 
The Class A General Partners shall have all necessary powers to carry out the purposes and 
business of the Partnership, including, but not limited to investment decisions and all other 
powers not herein reserved to the Class B General Partners. The Class B General Partners shall 
have full and exclusive authority to make all decisions regarding (i) the timing or amount of 
distributions to the Partners (whether in cash or in kind); (ii) the timing or amount of additional 
capital contributions required of the Partners under Section 3.2; (iii) use of the Partnership 
property by the Partners to the extent not otherwise rented for fair market rental value or loaned 
for exhibition; (iv) consent to the pledge of Partnership Interests as collateral for a Partner's 
loans; (v) dissolution of the Partnership under Section 7.1; and (vi) such other acts specifically 
provided in this Agreement and not reserved to the Class A General Partners. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, the Class A General Partners may appoint officers of the Partnership or other 
authorized persons who shall be authorized to perform such actions for and on behalf of the 
Partnership as the Class A General Partners shall determine; provided, however, any 
appointment by the Class A General Partners shall be limited to the rights, powers and authority 
vested in the Class A General Partners. The President, Vice President, Secretary and Treasurer 
of the Partnership shall be the individuals as may be appointed by the Class A General Partners 
EFTA00588848
--- PAGE 24 ---
from time to time, which individuals shall serve until the earlier of their retirement, removal, 
death or disability. The Class A General Partners and/or, to the extent determined by the Class A 
General Partners, any officers appointed or authorized persons designated by the Class A 
General Partners, shall have all necessary powers to carry out the purposes of the Partnership 
(other than those powers expressly reserved to the Class B General Partners). The Class A 
General Partners may remove any officer or authorized person appointed by the Class A General 
Partners (whether or not such officer or authorized person was appointed by the then acting Class 
A General Partners) at any time, without cause. In exercising the powers granted by this 
Agreement and in performing the duties required by this Agreement with respect to the 
management and operation of the Partnership, each Class A and Class B General Partner, 
pursuant to general principles of law, has a fiduciary duty to act in the best interests of the 
Partnership and the Partners. 
8.1.2 Except with respect to those powers reserved to the Class B General 
Partners, the Class A General Partners shall have full power to do everything in administering 
the Partnership that the Class A General Partners may deem advisable, in addition to those 
powers granted by law, including the power: To retain so long as the Class A General Partners 
may deem advisable and to acquire by purchase or otherwise, any kind of real property or 
personal property, including (without limitation) common and preferred stocks, interests in 
investment companies and discretionary common trust funds, hedge funds, private equity funds, 
partnerships (whether or not as a general partner) and limited liability companies (whether or not 
as a manager), works of art, undivided interests and secured and unsecured obligations -- all 
without diversification as to kind or amount and without being limited to investments authorized 
by law; to sell for cash or on credit (at public or private sale), exchange, mortgage, lease for any 
EFTA00588849
--- PAGE 25 ---
period (either as landlord or tenant and including renewals of the term) and modify, extend or 
cancel leases, grant options or otherwise dispose of or deal with any real or personal property, all 
without regard to statutory restrictions, in such manner and upon such terms and conditions as 
they deem advisable without first obtaining a court order; to erect, renovate or alter buildings or 
otherwise improve and manage buildings and property; demolish buildings; make ordinary and 
extraordinary repairs; grant easements and make party wall contracts; dedicate roads; subdivide; 
adjust boundary lines and partition; to distribute in kind or in money or partly in each, even if 
shares be composed differently; to hold property in the names of nominees or so that it will pass 
on delivery, and to leave property in the custody of a firm of stockbrokers and registered in the 
name of the stockbrokers' nominees; to renew, assign, alter, extend, compromise, abandon or 
release or arbitrate claims asserted by or against the Partnership; to engage and rely on brokers 
and investment counsel, accountants, appraisers and other experts (including art experts) and 
legal counsel and to compensate them; to employ custodians of the assets and bookkeepers and 
clerks and other assistants; to borrow money and mortgage and pledge any Partnership property 
for any purpose, provided that no Person who makes any nonrecourse loan to the Partnership 
shall have or acquire, as a result of making such loan, any direct or indirect interest in the profits, 
capital or property of the Partnership, other than as a creditor; and to lend Partnership assets, 
including works of art and other tangible property to any Person (including a Partner of the 
Partnership, provided that such dealings shall be on terms no less favorable to the Partnership 
than terms that would be obtained on an arms-length basis), at fair market rent, upon such terms 
and conditions as the Class A General Partners deem advisable; and lend Partnership property for 
exhibition at a museum or gallery upon a determination by the Class A General Partners that 
such exhibition will enhance the value of the Partnership property. 
EFTA00588850
--- PAGE 26 ---
8.2 
Number of General Partners and Term of Office. 
There shall always be at 
least one (1) Class A General Partner and at least one (1) Class B General Partner. Each General 
Partner shall hold office until (i) its resignation or removal, if an entity, or (ii) her or his earlier 
death, incapacity, resignation or removal, if an individual. 
8.3 
Successor and Additional General Partners. 
8.3.1 The Class A General Partners, acting unanimously, if more than one is 
serving, may designate one or more of the then Class B General Partners or one or more of the 
then Limited Partners to serve as an additional or successor Class A General Partner, as the case 
may be, with a portion or all of any such Class B General Partner or such Limited Partner's then 
existing Partnership Interests, as the case may be, being converted to Class A General 
Partnership Interests in the sole discretion of the then serving Class A General Partners. As 
conditions precedent to a designated Class B General Partner or a designated Limited Partner 
becoming an additional or successor Class A General Partner, the designation of such Class B 
General Partner or such Limited Partner must be approved by a majority in interest of the 
Partners and such Class B General Partner or such Limited Partner, as the case may be, must 
qualify for the position of Class A General Partner. If a vacancy in the office of Class A General 
Partner occurs and a successor Class A General Partner has not been designated in accordance 
with this Section, a successor Class A General Partner shall be designated by an affirmative vote 
of a majority in interest of the Partners and the successor so designated shall serve as successor 
Class A General Partner upon qualifying for the position. A successor or additional Class A 
General Partner shall qualify under this Section if such Person provides the Partners with a 
statement that it, he or she agrees to become a Class A General Partner and to be bound by all of 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement as a Class A General Partner. 
EFTA00588851
--- PAGE 27 ---
8.3.2 The Class B General Partners, acting unanimously, if more than one is 
serving, may designate one or more of the then Class A General Partners or one or more of the 
Limited Partners to serve as an additional or successor Class B General Partner, as the case may 
be, with a portion or all of any such Class A General Partner or Limited Partner's then existing 
Partnership Interests, as the case may be, being converted to Class B General Partnership 
Interests in the sole discretion of the then serving Class B General Partners. As conditions 
precedent to a designated Class A General Partner or a Limited Partner becoming an additional 
or successor Class B General Partner, the designation of such Class A General Partner or such 
Limited Partner must be approved by a majority in interest of the Partners and such Class A 
General Partner or such Limited Partner, as the case may be, must qualify for the position of 
Class B General Partner. If a vacancy in the office of Class B General Partner occurs and a 
successor Class B General Partner has not been designated in accordance with this Section, a 
successor Class B General Partner shall be designated by an affirmative vote of a majority in 
interest of the Partners and the successor so designated shall serve as successor Class B General 
Partner upon qualifying for the position. A successor or additional Class B General Partner shall 
qualify under this Section if such Person provides the Partners with a statement that it, he or she 
agrees to become a Class B General Partner and to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement as a Class B General Partner. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this 
Section 8.3.2, if LDB consents to or participates in the election or designation of an additional or 
successor Class B General Partner as set forth in this Section 8.3.2, such additional or successor 
Class B General Partner must be a Person who is not related or subordinate to LDB within the 
meaning of Section 672(c) of the Code. 
EFTA00588852
--- PAGE 28 ---
8.4 
Resignation and Removal. 
8.4.1 A General Partner may resign at any time. Such resignation shall be made 
in writing and shall take effect at the time specified therein, or if no time is specified, at the time 
of its receipt by any other General Partner holding the same class of interest, or if no other 
General Partner of the same class is then serving, by the Partners. The acceptance of a 
resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective, unless expressly so provided in the 
resignation. 
8.4.2 The Partners holding at least a two-thirds (2/3) Partnership Interest may, 
by vote or unanimous written consent, remove any acting General Partner at any time, without 
cause. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if LDB participates in the removal of any General Partner 
as set forth in this Section 8.4.2, the successor General Partner may not be related or subordinate 
to LDB within the meaning of Section 672(c) of the Code. 
8.4.3 The General Partnership Interests of a General Partner who resigns or is 
removed pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 8.4 automatically shall be converted 
into Limited Partnership Interests. 
8.5 
Death, Dissolution, Incapacity or Bankruptcy of a General Partner. 
8.5.1 
Upon the dissolution, incapacity, termination, withdrawal, 
expulsion, or adjudication of bankruptcy or insolvency of any General Partner or upon the entry 
of an order for relief, naming any General Partner as the debtor in proceedings under any 
Chapter of the Bankruptcy Code, such General Partner shall cease to act as a General Partner of 
the Partnership and his, her or its General Partnership Interests shall be converted to Limited 
Partnership Interests. In that case, the remaining or successor General Partners of that Class of 
EFTA00588853
--- PAGE 29 ---
Partnership Interests (if any), shall continue as the General Partners of that Class of Partnership 
Interests. If there is no remaining or successor General Partner of that Class of Partnership 
Interests, then one or more Persons shall be appointed as General Partners of that Class of 
Partnership Interests in accordance with Section 8.3. Upon the death of an individual who is a 
Class A or Class B General Partner, his or her interest as a Class A or Class B General Partner 
may be transferred to his or her estate and/or to any individual or trust pursuant to the terms of 
his or her Will or the laws of intestacy, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
provisions of this Section 8.5.1 shall be subject to the conditions set forth in Section 9.2. 
8.5.2 
A General Partner shall be deemed incapacitated when either (i) a 
court of competent jurisdiction has issued a final order that the General Partner is an adjudged 
incompetent or appoints a guardian, conservator, committee or other similar fiduciary, or (ii) a 
licensed physician or psychiatrist appointed either by a majority of the other General Partners of 
that Class of Partnership Interests or by a majority in interest of the Partners (excluding any 
Partnership Interests held by the General Partner whose capacity is at issue) certify in writing 
that, in his or her opinion, such General Partner lacks sufficient understanding or capacity to 
make and communicate decisions about the management and operation of the Partnership. 
8.6 
Death. Incapacity or Bankruptcy of a Limited Partner. 
8.6.1 
The death, incapacity, liquidation, dissolution, or entry of an order 
for relief in a bankruptcy case of a Limited Partner (a "former Limited Partner") shall not 
dissolve the Partnership. In any such event, the successors, assigns, executors, administrators or 
personal representatives of such former Limited Partner shall have all the rights of a Limited 
Partner in respect of distributions, allocations and capital, but shall not become a Limited Partner 
unless a majority in interest (excluding Partnership Interests held by the former Limited Partner) 
EFTA00588854
--- PAGE 30 ---
of the remaining Partners consent and the provisions of Section 9.1 have been satisfied. The 
estate of a deceased former Limited Partner shall be deemed to be the assignee of such former 
Limited Partner's Partnership Interest and such estate shall be bound in all respects by the 
deceased former Limited Partner's obligations to the Partnership. 
8.6.2 
A Limited Partner shall be deemed incapacitated when either (i) a 
court of competent jurisdiction has issued a final order that the Limited Partner is an adjudged 
incompetent or appoints a guardian, conservator, committee or other similar fiduciary, or (ii) a 
licensed physician or psychiatrist appointed either by a majority of the General Partners or by a 
majority in interest of the Partners (excluding the Partnership Interests held by the Limited 
Partner whose capacity is at issue) certify in writing that, in their opinion, such Limited Partner 
lacks sufficient understanding or capacity to make and communicate decisions concerning such 
Limited Partner's Partnership Interests in the Partnership. 
8.7 
Other Interests. The Partners may engage in or possess interests in other business 
ventures of every nature and description, whether or not competitive with the business of the 
Partnership, independently or with others, and neither a General Partner nor any Limited Partner 
shall, by virtue of this Agreement, have any rights in or to such other ventures or the income or 
profits derived therefrom. 
8.8 
Reliance by Third Parties. Any Person not a party to this Agreement dealing with 
the Partnership shall be entitled to rely conclusively upon the power and authority of the Class A 
and Class B General Partners to bind the Partnership in all respects to execute agreements, 
instruments and other writings on behalf, and in the name, of the Partnership and to take any and 
all other action on behalf, and in the name, of the Partnership. 
EFTA00588855
--- PAGE 31 ---
8.9 
Reimbursement of Expenses. The Partnership will pay all fees and expenses 
incident to its activities including (but not limited to) compensation to any investment advisor. 
The Partnership will pay for research fees, interest on margin accounts, legal and accounting 
fees, borrowing charges on securities sold short, custodial fees, brokerage commissions, bank 
services fees, interest on loans and debit balances and any other reasonable expenses related to 
the purchase, sale or holding of Partnership assets as the Class A General Partners shall 
determine in the Class A General Partners' sole discretion. The General Partners shall be 
entitled to reimbursement from the Partnership funds for any reasonable out of pocket costs or 
expenses incurred by the General Partners in the conduct of the Partnership business, including 
without limitation, general overhead expenses, office expenses, secretarial services, computer 
support, other office support, investment research, attorney's fees, accounting fees and expenses 
incurred in connection with the administration and establishment of the Partnership. 
8.10 
Liability and Indemnity. 
8.10.1 Each General Partner, Officer and authorized person may act or refrain 
from acting (consistent with the duties described in Section 8.1 or in the instrument granting 
authority) without liability to the Partnership or to any Partner for any reasonable error in 
judgment, mistake of law or fact, or any act or failure to act, so long as such action or inaction 
was taken in good faith with the reasonable belief that such action or inaction was in the best 
interests of the Partnership and the Partners. Consistent with the preceding sentence, each 
General Partner, Officer and authorized person may act or refrain from acting without liability to 
the Partnership or to any Partner in reliance upon any opinion of any consultant or advisor on 
any matter which such General Partner, Officer or authorized person reasonably believes to be 
within the consultant or advisor's professional competence. 
EFTA00588856
--- PAGE 32 ---
8.10.2 The Partnership shall, to the extent of its assets, indemnify and hold 
harmless each Person who is or was a General Partner, Officer or authorized person from any 
and all liability, loss, damage, cost and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable 
attorneys' fees and expenses) arising from any act or failure to act by such General Partner, 
Officer or authorized person in the performance of any of the powers, authorities or duties of the 
General Partner, Officer or authorized person under this Agreement or applicable law, if it is 
determined that such General Partner, Officer or authorized person acted in good faith and with 
reasonable belief that such action or inaction was in the best interests of the Partnership and the 
Partners. 
8.10.3 The right to indemnification conferred hereunder shall include the right to 
be paid or reimbursed by the Partnership for the reasonable expenses incurred in advance of the 
final disposition of any proceeding and without any determination as to the Person's ultimate 
entitlement to indemnification; provided, however, that the payment of such expenses incurred in 
advance of the final disposition of a proceeding shall be made only upon delivery to the 
Partnership of a written affirmation by such Person of his, her or its good faith belief that such 
Person has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification under this section and a 
written undertaking, by or on behalf of such Person, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall 
ultimately be determined that such Person is not entitled to be indemnified. 
8.11 
Limited Liability. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, no Partner 
shall be liable for any of the losses, debts or liabilities of the Partnership in excess of his, her or 
its respective capital contributions, except as otherwise expressly provided by law. 
EFTA00588857
--- PAGE 33 ---
ARTICLE IX 
SUBSTITUTION; ADDITIONAL PARTNERS 
9.1 
Substituted Partners. The transferee of a Partnership Interest may not be admitted 
as a substituted Partner unless all of the following conditions have been met: 
(i) 
The transfer conforms with Section 6.1, Section 6.2 or Section 
8.6.1 hereof; 
(ii) 
In the case of a transfer in accordance with Section 6.1 or Section 
6.2, the Class A General Partners have received a written instrument executed by the transferor, 
which instrument transfers to the transferee all or part of the transferor's Partnership Interest; 
(iii) 
The transferee has approved and adopted all of the provisions of 
this Agreement, as the same may have been amended, by written instrument delivered to the 
Class A General Partners; 
(iv) 
The transferee has paid or agreed to pay all reasonable expenses 
relating to such admission; and 
(v) 
In the event of a transfer of Class A General Partnership Interests 
or Class B General Partnership Interests, a majority in interest of the Partners have provided 
written consent to the admission of such transferee as a Class A General Partner or a Class B 
General Partner, as the case may be. 
9.2 
Transfers of General Partnership Interests. In the event of the transfer of Class A 
General Partnership Interests or Class B General Partnership Interests, if the requirements of 
paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv) of Section 9.1 are met but a majority in interest of the Partners do 
not consent to admit such Partner as a General Partner in accordance with this Section, such 
Class A General Partnership Interest or Class B General Partnership Interest shall be deemed a 
Limited Partnership Interest in the hands of the transferee, and such transferee shall be admitted 
EFTA00588858
--- PAGE 34 ---
only as a substituted Limited Partner with respect thereto, and shall not be deemed a General 
Partner for any purpose, but provided further, that no such transfer shall be permitted if the 
Partnership would have no Class A General Partnership Interest or no Class B General 
Partnership Interests outstanding after the transfer. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 
9.1, if LDB consents to or participates in the election or designation of a substituted Class B 
General Partner as set forth in Section 9.1, such substituted Class B General Partner must be a 
Person who is not related or subordinate to LDB within the meaning of Section 672(c) of the 
Code. 
9.3 
Additional Partners. Additional Partnership Interests may be issued and sold by 
the Partnership to any Person, including but not limited to a natural person, trust, corporation, 
limited liability company, partnership or other association, for fair market value, as determined 
by the Class B General Partners using reasonable business judgment, and under such terms as 
deemed advisable by the Class B General Partners, including but not limited to terms relating to 
the applicability of this Agreement to such additional Partnership Interests. Admission of any 
Partner shall not be a cause of dissolution. 
ARTICLE X 
ACCOUNTING 
10.1 
Accounting Method. 
10.1.1 The Partnership's assets and liabilities will be determined on the 
basis of generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied. 
10.1.2 A security listed on a national securities exchange will be valued at 
its last sale price on the most recent date on or before the end of a Fiscal Year or, if no sale 
occurred on said date, at the mean between the closing "bid" and "asked" prices. 
EFTA00588859
--- PAGE 35 ---
10.1.3 All other positions and all other assets and liabilities will be 
assigned a value determined in good faith by the Class A General Partners. With respect to other 
investment vehicles in which the Partnership may invest, the Class A General Partners may rely 
on the values reported by such entities in computing the value of the Partnership's assets but will 
carry the investment at the cost basis unless otherwise prudent. 
10.2 
Books and Records. The Class A General Partners shall maintain the general 
accounts of the Partnership. The books of the Partnership shall be kept on a basis consistent with 
the provisions of this Agreement and shall be open to the inspection and examination of all 
Partners, in person or by their duly authorized representatives, at reasonable times. The books of 
the Partnership shall be maintained based on generally accepted accounting principles, 
consistently applied. 
10.3 
Reports. At the request of any Partner of the Partnership, the Class A General 
Partner shall furnish such Partner with a copy of the Partnership's financial statements for the 
current or any prior fiscal year, with a statement of such Partner's Capital Account, as reflected 
on the books of the Partnership. Each Partner also shall be supplied with all information with 
respect to the Partnership required in connection with the preparation of such Partner's tax 
returns. The Class A General Partners shall provide the Partners with such other reports and 
information as they, from time to time, deem advisable. 
10.4 
Federal Income Tax Elections. All elections required or permitted to be made by 
the Partnership under the Code shall be made by the Class A General Partners in such manner as 
will, in the Class A General Partners' opinion, be most advantageous to a majority-in-interest of 
the Partners. 
EFTA00588860
--- PAGE 36 ---
10.5 
Tax Matters Partner. The Partners shall from time to time designate a "tax 
matters partner" pursuant to Section 6231(a)(7) of the Code. 
ARTICLE XI 
MISCELLANEOUS 
11.1 
Decisions by the General Partners. Except as otherwise required by law or in this 
Agreement, whenever an action is to be taken by a General Partner (or the Partnership), such 
action shall be taken solely by a majority in interest (based on Percentage Interests) of the Class 
A General Partners or the Class B General Partners, as the case may be. 
11.2 
Amendments. This Agreement may be amended from time to time upon the 
unanimous written consent of the Partners. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the administrative 
provisions in this Agreement may be amended solely by the Class A General Partners; provided, 
however, that such amendments to the administrative provisions shall not include amendments to 
provisions relating to distributions to the Partners, use of the Partnership property, additional 
capital contributions required of the Partners and dissolution of the Partnership; and provided 
further, that such amendments to administrative provisions shall not result in alterations to any 
Partner's economic interest in the Partnership. 
11.3 
Notices. All notices to the Class A or Class B General Partners or to the 
Partnership under this Agreement shall be in writing, duly signed by the party giving such notice, 
and transmitted postage prepaid by first class certified mail, return receipt requested, to such 
Class A or Class B General Partners or to the Partnership care of Elysium Management LLC, 
445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401, New York, New York 10022 or to any such other address as may 
hereafter be designated by such General Partners or the Partnership. All notices to a Partner 
under this Agreement shall be in writing, duly signed by the party giving such notice, and 
EFTA00588861
--- PAGE 37 ---
transmitted postage prepaid by first class certified mail, return receipt requested to such Partner 
at the address listed upon Schedule A or to any such other address as may hereafter be 
designated by such Partner upon giving notice thereof to the Partnership. All notices shall be 
deemed given when dispatched. 
11.4 
No Delivery of Certificates. The Partnership is not required to deliver copies of 
any Certificate of Formation or amendment or cancellation to the Partners. 
11.5 
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and 
governed by the Act and by the laws of the State of Delaware applicable in the case of 
agreements made and to be performed entirely within such State. 
11.6 
Further Assurances. Each party to this Agreement agrees to execute, 
acknowledge, deliver, file and record such further certificates, amendments, instruments and 
documents, and to do all such other acts and things, as may be required by law, or as may, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Class A General Partners, be necessary or advisable to carry out the 
interests and purposes of this Agreement. 
11.7 
Headings, Gender and Number. The headings in this Agreement are for 
convenience only and in no way define, limit or otherwise affect the scope or intent hereof. All 
pronouns and any variations thereof shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine or 
neuter, singular or plural, as the identity of the Person or Persons may require. 
11.8 
Benefit. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of 
the Partners, their respective successors, heirs, executors, administrators and assigns. 
11.9 
Counterparts  . This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, 
including by facsimile, each of which when so executed shall be an original and all such 
counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 
EFTA00588862
--- PAGE 38 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have set their hands as of the day and year 
first above written. 
CLASS A GENERAL PARTNER: 
Narrows Holdings LLC 
By: 
Name: Leon D. Black 
Title: Sole Member 
CLASS B GENERAL PARTNER: 
Leon D. Black 
LIMITED PARTNERS: 
Leon D. Black 
Narrows Holdings LLC 
By: 
Name: Leon D. Black 
Title: Sole Member 
Signature Page to AP MI)701•7 LP Agreement 
EFTA00588863
--- PAGE 39 ---
Schedule A as of 
PARTNERS 
Class A General Partner: 
Narrows Holdings LLC 
Class B General Partner: 
Leon D. Black 
Limited Partners: 
Leon D. Black 
Narrows Holdings LLC 
ADDRESS 
do Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401 
New York, New York 10022 
c/o Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401 
New York, New York 10022 
760 Park Avenue 
New York, New York 10021 
c/o Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401 
New York, New York 10022 
PARTNERSHIP 
INTEREST 
1% 
1% 
XX% 
Y'ä" 
TOTAL 
100% 
EFTA00588864

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588865.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588865.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, P.C. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
PARK PLAZA.SUITE 1000 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS 02116 
March 4, 2013 
Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71St St 
New York, NY 
INVOICE FOR LEGAL SERVICES 
For legal work from February 28, 2013 through March 4, 2013 on UN 
investigation including multiple T/Cs with client, multiple TIC with employers of 
client, research re UN procedures and protocol, Travel to NYC to interview client 
on 3-2-13: 11 hrs 50 min @ $1000 p/h 
$ 11,834.00 
Expenses (Air Travel & parking 3-2-13) 
$ 
864.80 
Total Fees Owed 
$ 12,698.80 
EFTA00588865

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588866.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York New York 10022 
February 11, 2013 
CERTIFIED MAIL 
RETURN RECEIPT REQUFSTFD 
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
Tower Place 
Albany, NY 12203-3764 
Re: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein - Offender ID 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
In connection with the registration in New York of Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, Offender ID 
as 
a sex offender, this is to advise you of the creation of a new website ca ed 
www.jeffreyepsteininternational.com" and of the user name for that website 
"jeffreyepsteinfoundation". 
Please note that this new website is an addition made by a third party internet reputation 
management service provider retained by Mr. Epstein. These third party service providers 
independently create internet accounts, websites, blog sites, associated email addresses and 
other web-based accounts and content concerning Mr. Epstein, but which are neither 
created nor used by Mr. Epstein. Out of an abundance of caution, however, Mr. Epstein has 
been disclosing and will continue to disclose such internet-related information, and any 
changes and additions thereto, as and when the same is disclosed to him by such third party 
reputation management service providers. 
This is also to advise you of the sale of the following boat which will no longer be subject to 
use by Mr. Epstein: 
Boat 
Boat 
Registration 
Hull ID 
Property 
Boat Name 
Number 
Number 
Location 
1984 40' Logical Catamaran 
Lady G 
LSJ 
EFTA00588866
--- PAGE 2 ---
Consistent with your prior instructions, Mr. Epstein has signed and dated this letter in the 
space provided below to confirm the addition of the new website and the sale of the "Lady 
G" as discussed above. 
If you require any further information, please feel free to call me at my office 
or on my mobile telephone number, 
Respectfully, 
Darren lndyke 
CONFIRMED: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dated: 
EFTA00588867

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588868.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588868.pdf
----------------------------------------
[MWE Letterhead] 
[date] 
Jeffrey Epstein 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Darren K. Indyke, Esq. 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates. Inc 
RE: Leon Black and Debra Black 
Gentlemen: 
This letter will confirm the agreement between McDermott Will & Emery 
("me") and each of you ("you") with respect to your performance of confidential 
services for me with regard to the above referenced clients. All references to me 
include Carlyn S. McCaffrey, and all partners, members, associates, employees, 
agents, and other representatives of McDermott Will & Emery. All references to you 
include you, your respective firms, and all officers, directors, shareholders, managers, 
members, associates, employees, agents, and other representatives of you and your 
respective firms. All references to the clients include all employees, agents, and other 
representatives of the above referenced clients and all of their respective affiliates. 
I have been retained by the above referenced clients to provide legal services to 
the above referenced clients in connection with [describe scope of representation]. 
You have been retained by the above referenced clients to work under my direction 
and report to me. Your work includes services of a character and quality that are 
related to my services to the clients as an attorney in rendering legal advice to the 
clients. Pursuant to our agreement, all communications between you and the clients or 
you and me, shall be strictly confidential, subject to the attorney client and attorney 
EFTA00588868
--- PAGE 2 ---
work product privileges and shall be made solely for the purpose of assisting me in 
my representation of the above referenced clients. 
You agree not to disclose to anyone, without my written permission, the 
existence, nature, or content of any oral or written communications related in any 
manner to the subject matter of my representation of the clients. You agree not to 
disclose to anyone any information you gain from the inspection of any record or 
document submitted to you, including information obtained from records or 
documents coming into your possession, or created by you during the performance of 
your services under this agreement. You will not acknowledge the existence of, or 
permit inspection of, any such papers or documents without written permission from 
Carlyn S. McCaffrey in advance. 
All work papers, records, or other documents, regardless of their nature and the 
source from which they emanate, shall be held by you solely for my convenience and 
subject to my unqualified right to instruct you with respect to possession and control. 
Under this agreement, you will immediately notify Carlyn S. McCaffrey of any 
of the following events: 
1. The exhibit or surrender of any documents or records prepared by or 
submitted to you or someone under your direction in a manner not expressly 
authorized by me; 
2. A request by anyone to examine, inspect, or copy such documents or records; 
or 
3. Any attempt to serve, or the actual service of, any court order, judicial or 
administrative subpoena, or judicial or administrative summons upon you that 
requires a production of any such documents or records. 
You will immediately return all documents, records, and work papers to me at 
my request. You agree that documents, records, and work papers include all material 
regardless of the form or medium on which it is kept, including all forms of electronic 
media. 
EFTA00588869
--- PAGE 3 ---
You agree to keep accurate and complete records of all work performed by you 
within the scope of this agreement. You agree to charge and bill the client directly for 
such work and any services by you within the scope of this agreement. 
Please indicate your acceptance of the terms of this agreement by signing the 
enclosed copy of this letter and returning it to me. Thank you for your prompt 
attention to this matter. 
Sincerely, 
The above terms are accepted and agreed to by: 
By: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
By: 
Darren K. Indyke, individually and as Sole 
Member of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
By: 
Richard Kahn, individually and as President of 
HBRK Associates, Inc. 
EFTA00588870

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588871.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588871.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey Epstein Wordpress Lander FREEMAN 11-14-2012 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Epstein has years of experience in the financial field. His career found him working with Bear Steams for 
a long period of time as an options trader and products division specialist. In addition to a long and 
storied career in finance, Epstein has also made a name for himself in philanthropy. He is the founder of 
the Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation and he has supported the endeavors of scientists around the world. 
The Foundation 
The Foundation began in 2000 with the mission of supporting science and science education worldwide. 
Over the course of its history, the Foundation has grown and -is now ablate-provides funding to a variety 
of areas, including medical research, the arts and education. This diverse philanthropy division of the-the 
Foundation has provided funding to organizations including: 
• 
C.A.H.S. French Club 
• 
Stockholm School of Economics 
• 
Virgin Island Public TV System 
• 
Crohn and Colitis Foundation of America 
• 
The Metropolitan Museum of Art 
Program for Evolutionary Dynamics 
In 2003, Epstein donated $30 million to Harvard University to start the Program for Evolutionary 
Dynamics. The Program takes a unique approach to the study of evolution, focusing on  rStedies4hreugli 
the-pregram-exaniiee-mieletiell-from-a-a biochemical and mathematical standpoint. The approach has led 
to a-new understandings of evolution as well as in the fields of cancer research, medieineT genetics and the 
origin of life on Earth. human-origias, 
Scientists 
Epstein has also supported the work of a number of well known and established scientists, including 
several Nobel Laureates. He has provided financial support to the renowned theoretical physicist,  Stephen 
Hawking and was the first to invite Hawking under the ocean in a chartered submarine. r  fer-example. 
Other scientists supported by Epstein and the Foundation include: 
• 
Kip Thorne 
• 
Marvin Minksy 
• 
Lee Smolin 
• 
Gerald Edelman 
• 
Lawrence Krauss 
EFTA00588871
--- PAGE 2 ---
A Wider Horizon 
Although the Foundation was started to support scientific endeavors, it has evolved over time. It now 
provides support to a number of arts organizations as well as educational programs that do not necessarily 
have a scientific component. 
One way the Foundation helps the arts is by underwriting the Tribeca Film Festival, which has been held 
in lower Manhattan al-the-spring-since 2002. A number of arts organizations have received funding in 
2012, such as the New York Academy of Art and the Metropolitan Museum of Art. 
Jeffrey Epstein has taken his a-background in science and finance and turned it into a major granting 
organization. One common thread through the diverse entities that he finances is an innovative and 
pragmatic approach to helping those in need and furthering excellence wherever he finds it. -Funding-for-
seieftee-is-enteial-feefare-develepaients, Jeffrey Epstein is proud to be able to support such important 
works. 
EFTA00588872

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588873.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588873.pdf
----------------------------------------
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
To: 
Ted Serure 
JP Morgan, Inc. 
From: 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
Jeffrey E. Epstein, President 
Date: 
November 
, 2012 
Subject: 
Account No. 038-66056 
Irrevocable Transfer of 151,494 Shares of 
Common Stock of Environmental Solutions Worldwide, 
Inc. 
You are hereby irrevocably directed to transfer through DTC, free 
delivery, 151,494 shares of Common Stock of Environmental 
Solutions Worldwide, Inc. from the above-referenced account of 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. to the following account of [BLACK 
FAMILY PARTNERSHIP] maintained at [INSERT BROKERAGE 
NAME]: 
Brokerage Name: 
Account Number: 
Account Name: 
DTC No.: 
Thank you. 
Jeffrey E. Epstein, President 
EFTA00588873

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588874.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588874.pdf
----------------------------------------
IRREVOCABLE STOCK POWER 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Financial Trust Company, Inc., a 
United States Virgin Islands corporation, Taxpayer Identification No. 66-0567418, 
with an address at 6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3, St. Thomas, USVI 00802 (the 
"Transferor"), does hereby sell, assign and transfer to [BLACK FAMILY 
PARTNERSHIP], a  
 Taxpayer Identification 
No. 
 with an address at 9 West 57th Street, 43rd Floor, New 
York, NY 10019, an aggregate of Thirteen Million One Hundred Ninety Eight 
Thousand Seven Hundred Eleven (13,198,711) shares of the Common Stock, $0.001 
par value, of Environmental Solutions Worldwide, Inc., a Florida corporation (the 
"Corporation"), evidenced by the following Stock Certificates: 
Certificate Number 
Number of Shares of Common Stock 
3815 
2,352,941 
4145 
2,002,959 
4195 
175,883 
4225 
6,333,333 
4226 
2,333,595 
standing in the name of the Transferor on the books of the Corporation. 
The Transferor does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint Bay City 
Transfer Agency & Registrar as attorney-in-fact to transfer the Shares on the books 
of the Corporation, with full power of substitution in the premises. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Transferor has executed this Irrevocable Stock 
Power effective as of the 
day of November, 2012. 
EFTA00588874
--- PAGE 2 ---
In Presence of: 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
By: 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
President 
TERRITORY OF THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS ) 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS/ ST. JOHN 
) ss: 
Before the undersigned notary personally came Jeffrey E. Epstein, known by 
the undersigned or properly identified to the undersigned to be the party who 
executed the foregoing instrument, and such person did acknowledge to the 
undersigned that such person did execute the foregoing instrument for and as the 
President of Financial Trust Company, Inc., the Assignor therein, and that by such 
person's signature on the foregoing instrument, Financial Trust Company, Inc. did 
execute the same. 
Dated: November _, 2012 
Notary Public 
EFTA00588875

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588876.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588876.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sep 2012 
Sun 
Mon 
" ' October 2012 
Tue 
Wed 
- 
Thu 
Fri 
Sat 
Brice 
is
Full Crew 
tiro] LUG 
iioc 
Tar ly 
Carlos 
Full Crew 
Brice ZDC 
• nny 
Canes 
Full Crew 
Brice ZDC 
• nny - Sick 
Carlos 
Jocelyn 
Full Crew 
Br
ice ZDC 
!rmy 
Carlos 
Jocelyn 
Full Crew 
Sheldon - Vacation 
Brice ZDC 
Danny —Sick 
Carlos 
Jocelyn 
Full Crew 
Sheridan - Vacation 
Brice ZDC 
SP— Sick 
Carlos 
Sheridan - came in 
Full Crew except Dulce & 
Jocelyn 
Created vnth WnCalendar Calendar Maker 
Download: 2013 Calendar Template. 2014 Calendar Template 
EFTA00588876
--- PAGE 2 ---
— October 2012 - 
Sun 
Mon 
Tue 
Wed 
Thu 
Fri 
DC 
Bri
ce ZDC 
Brice ZOC 
Brice ZDC 
Notes: 
Danny - Sick 
Sick 
a
- Sick 
Irny - Sick 
Cados - Crew Runs 
Carlos 
Carlos 
Carlos 
Dulce 
Dulce 
Oulce 
Peter 
Jocelyn 
Jocelyn 
Jocelyn 
Dulce 
Cuthburt 
Smiley 
Smiley 
Jocelyn 
Dupson 
Oupson 
Dupson 
Sheridon - came in 
Tony 
Tony 
Tony 
Onel 
Onel 
Onel 
Little Buck 
Gerry & TG - Barge 
Gerry & TJ — Barge 
Gerry & TJ — Barge 
Sheridon - Vacation 
Sheridon - Vacation 
Sheridon -Vacation 
Sat 
Created with WinCalendar Calendar Maker 
Download: 2013 Calendar Template. 2014 Calendar Template 
EFTA00588877

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588878.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588878.pdf
----------------------------------------
" November 2012 - 
Dec 2012 ii. 
ACV 2012 
Sun 
Mon 
Tue 
We• 
Thu 
Fri 
Sat 
0n
ce
 DC 
Danny - Sick 
Carlos 
Peter 
Dulce 
Jocelyn 
Little Buck 
Oupson 
Tony 
Onel 
Gerry & TJ - Barge 
Brice ZDC 
‘ar.y - Sick 
Carlos 
Full Crow 
Gerry & TJ - Barge 
Bnce Travel 
Carlos for Crew ir.rr.; 
Dulce 
Jocelyn 
Smiley 
Sheridan 
Little Buck 
Garry & TJ - Barge 
Dulce 
Jocelyn 
Smliey 
Danny 
Carlos 
Dulce 
Jocelyn 
Dalce 
Renal 
Ednor 
TJ - Barge 
Seco 
Danny 
Carlos 
Peter 
Duke 
Jocelyn 
Sheridan 
Little Buck 
Date 
Renal 
Ednor 
Gerry & TJ -Barge 
aris
anny 
Carlos 
Peter 
Dulce 
Jocelyn 
Sheridan 
Little Buck 
Smiley 
Date 
Renal 
Ednor 
Gerry & TJ - Barge/DH 
Brice 
Danny 
Carlos 
Peter 
Dulce 
Jocelyn 
Sheridan 
Little Buck 
Smiley 
Dalce 
Renal 
Ednor 
Gerry & TJ - Barge/DH 
ill 
Danny 
Carlos 
Full Crew except Duke & 
'Jacelyn 
Gerry & TJ - Barge/DH 
ill 
Dulce 
Jocelyn 
Smiley 
Gerry & TJ - BargeiOH 
I23 
Created with WinCalendar Calendar Maker 
More Calendars: 2013 Calendar. 2014 Calendar. Holiday Calendar 
EFTA00588878
--- PAGE 2 ---
— November 2012 - 
L 
Sun 
I 
Mon 
Tue 
Wed 
Thu 
Fri 
Sat 
Notes: 
Created with WinCalendar Calendar Maker 
More Calendars: 2013 Calendar. 2014 Calendar. Holiday Calendar 
EFTA00588879

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588880.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588880.pdf
----------------------------------------
Reid H. Weingarten 
202 429 6238 
1330 Connecticut Avenue. NW 
Washington. DC 20036-1795 
202 429 3000 main 
April 18, 2016 
Little, Brown & Company 
Market Place Center 
Center Plaza 
Boston, MA 02108 
ATTENTION: LEGAL COUNSEL 
RE: Proposed nook by James Patterson regarding 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Sir or Madam: 
Steptoe 
$TEPTOE • JOHNSON LIP 
By letter dated December 3, 2015 Martin G Weinberg cautioned 
Little, Brown & Co about the legal risks to which it would be subject in 
publishing a proposed book about our client, Jeffrey Epstein, based on the 
defamatory media reports and the unreliable sources that have appeared over 
the past years. At the time, Mr. Weinberg understood that the author of that 
book was to be John Connolly. Little Brown & Company gave no response 
to that letter, but, as we now understand, proceeded on its ill-advised course. 
Mr. Weinberg received both by email and fedex a letter dated April 14, 
2016, addressed to Mr. Epstein, and authored by James Patterson 
representing that a book about Mr. Epstein titled "Filthy Rich" was intended 
for publication this August. 
So that there can be no doubt of your exposure to liability in such an 
undertaking, I want to once again put you on notice that Mr. Epstein has 
been the past subject of repeated and widespread untruthful, inaccurate, and 
defamatory media coverage. It would be in reckless disregard for the truth if 
a book relying in whole or in part on such media coverage were published or 
if a book relying on biased and provably untruthful or unreliable sources of 
SWING 
BRUSSELS 
CENTI/RYOTY 
Oir.AGO 
LONDON 
LOSANGBIS 
NEW YORK 
PALO ALTO 
PHOENIX 
WASHINGTON 
EFTA00588880
--- PAGE 2 ---
Little, Brown and Company 
April 18, 2016 
Page 2 of 2 
information became the basis for further prejudicial publicity about Mr. 
Epstein. Given that James Patterson is being named as author (or co-
author), the proposed book is likely to generate a wider audience which 
would likely magnify a potential damage award, although large portions of 
the book may be predicated on Mr. Connolly's investigation and writing. 
We reserve any and all legal rights to contest the basis, and, should it prove 
necessary, to commence suit against all those who bear responsibility, for 
any inaccurate or untruthful publication by your firm. 
Expecting that a firm of your caliber should strive to act in a 
professional and responsible manner, we would be prepared to review an 
advance copy of the manuscript for the book to aid you in further 
investigating any defamatory falsehoods that may be contained therein 
before continuing with its publication. Short of that, if you decide to 
proceed with a release of the book, which we strongly caution against, you 
would be doing so at your own considerable risk. 
Very truly yours, 
Reid H. Weingarten 
cc: 
James Patterson 
EFTA00588881

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588882.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588882.pdf
----------------------------------------
1. 
New Will pouring over to New 2011 TRUST ONE 
2. 
New 2011 TRUST ONE: 
A. 
20MM to New 2011 TRUST TWO (Friends Trust); 
B. 
5MM and interest in KCAC to DARREN; 
C. 
Forgive debts of the following: 
a) 
JEAN LUC BRUNEL 
b) 
GADDO CARDINI 
Is this debt to be forgiven? 
c) 
GEORGE DELSON 
d) 
MARK EPSTEIN 
e) 
LUCIANO FONTANILLO 
f) 
ROSALYN FONTANILLO 
g) 
ROBERT GOLD 
Is this debt to be forgiven? 
h) 
ROBERT GOODMAN 
i) 
EMAD HANNA 
Is this debt to be forgiven? 
j) 
DARREN INDYKE 
k) 
DAVID LAMPERT 
Is this debt to be forgiven? 
2632662.1 
EFTA00588882
--- PAGE 2 ---
n) 
o) 
ALBERTO PINTO 
Is this debt to be forgiven? 
p) 
STEVEN VICTOR 
D. 
Preresiduary Disposition of Residences, Tangible 
Personal Property (TPP) located therein and designated liquid assets 
amounts: 
(1) 
To 
in Trust: 
(i) 
PARIS APARTMENTS, TPP located 
therein and designated liquid assets amount in Separate 
Trust to be disposed of as provided in Article X; 
(ii) 
NEW YORK TOWNHOUSE, TPP located 
therein and designated liquid assets amount in Separate 
Trust to be disposed of as provided in Article X; 
(iii) ST. JAMES ISLAND, TPP located therein 
and designated liquid assets amount in Separate Trust to 
be disposed of as provided in Article X; 
2632662.1 
EFTA00588883
--- PAGE 3 ---
(2) 
To 
in Trust: 
(i) 
ZORRO RANCH, TPP located therein and 
designated liquid assets amount in Separate Trust to be 
disposed of as provided in Article X; 
(3) 
To 
in Trust: 
(i) 
PALM BEACH HOUSE, TPP located 
therein and designated liquid assets amount in Separate 
Trust to be disposed of as provided in Article X. 
E. 
Disposition of Residuary Trust Estate: 
(1) 
Pay Estate Taxes out Residuary Trust Estate; 
(2) 
Pay Generation Skipping Taxes owed at death out 
of Residuary Trust Estate; 
(3) 
Pay Debts and Estate Administration Expenses out 
of Residuary Trust Estate; 
(4) 
Remaining balance of Residuary Trust Estate is 
disposed of as follows: 
(i) 
50% in Separate Trust for 
to be 
disposed of as provided in Article Y; 
2632662.1 
EFTA00588884
--- PAGE 4 ---
(ii) 
Other 50% is to be divided into equal 
Separate Trusts for 
, 
and 
to be disposed of as provided in Article Y. 
2632662.1 
EFTA00588885
--- PAGE 5 ---
F. 
Article X Residence Trusts: 
(1) 
Trust Property: 
Each residence trust is a Separate Trust with the 
residence, TPP located in the residence and a designated sum in cash 
(5 times the annual operating expenses of the residence). 
(2) 
Trust Terms: 
by majority vote or 
unanimous vote? 
by majority vote or 
unanimous vote? 
by majority vote or 
unanimous vote? 
(i) 
Life use by beneficiary of residence and 
TPP located therein; 
(ii) 
Trustees have discretion to use the income, 
and if the income is insufficient, to use the principal to 
pay the operating expenses of the residence in the trust; 
(iii) Trustees have discretion to pay the 
remaining income to the beneficiary or to accumulate the 
remaining income and add it to principal; 
(iv) Trustees have discretion to invade principal 
for the beneficiary for any purpose they consider 
advisable; 
(v) 
At death of beneficiary: 
(A) 
Trustees are to sell the residence 
within two (2) years of beneficiary's death and 
2632662.1 
EFTA00588886
--- PAGE 6 ---
by majority vote or 
unanimous vote? 
(B) 
The Trustees are to distribute the 
remaining principal to anyone except themselves, members of 
their respective families, their estates, their creditors or 
creditors of their estate. It is the Grantor's intention that the 
Trustees are to consider, but are not required to follow, the 
wishes of the beneficiary in making a determination as to the 
distribution of the trust assets. 
2632662.1 
EFTA00588887
--- PAGE 7 ---
G. 
Article Y Residuary Trusts: 
(1) 
Terms: 
(i) 
Minimum annual distribution of $3 Million 
to the beneficiary out of income, or if the income is 
insufficient, out of principal unless the Trustees vote 
unanimously in favor of decreasing the $3 Million 
minimum annual distribution for that year or determining 
not to make any annual distribution for that year, and 
(ii) 
Maximum annual distribution of $5 Million 
to the beneficiary out of income, or if the income is 
insufficient, out of principal unless the Trustees vote 
unanimously in favor of increasing the $5 Million 
maximum annual distribution for that year; 
(iii) Trustees have discretion to use the income 
and the principal of the Trust to pay operating expenses 
of any of the beneficiary's residences if the assets of the 
beneficiary's residence trust are insufficient. 
(iv) 
At death of beneficiary, the Trustees have 
the same dispositive power as they have under the 
Residence Trusts. 
For clarification, is 
my understanding 
correct that a 
majority of the 
Trustees will 
determine the amount 
between $3Million 
and $5 Million that is 
distributed for each 
year? 
by majority vote or 
unanimous vote? 
2632662.1 
EFTA00588888
--- PAGE 8 ---
H. 
Executors: 
DARREN, JOSEPH PAGANO and LN; 
Successors are JES STALEY and ANDREW FARKAS, 
singly and in the order named. 
I. 
Trustees: 
DARREN, JESS STALEY and ANDREW FARKAS; 
Each Trustee can select his own successor. 
3. 
New 2011 TRUST TWO (Friends Trust) 
Who should be the 
Trustees of the 
Friends Trust? 
A. 
Friends Trust distributes: 
(a) 
5MM to JEAN LUC BRUNEL; 
(b) 
2MM to 
• , 
(c) 
1MM to LAWRENCE VISOSKI; 
(d) 
1MM to 
, 
(e) 
1MM to 
• , 
(0 
1MM to LUCIANO FONTANILLO and 
ROSALYN FONTANILLO; 
(g) 
Balance to Estate of Grantor. 
2632662.1 
EFTA00588889
--- PAGE 9 ---
4. 
Insurance Trusts: 
Delete all current beneficiaries of insurance trusts 1, 2 and 3 
dated November 1, 2007, and name as beneficiaries 
A. 
50% to 
in Trust; and 
B. 
other 50% to be divided equally into Trusts for 
and 
C. 
The shares are to be disposed of as provided in the 
Residuary Trusts for each beneficiary. 
2632662.1 
EFTA00588890

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588891.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588891.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York New York 10022 
email: 
CERTIFIED MALI, 
RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED 
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
Tower Place 
Albany, NY 12203-3764 
February 19, 2013 
Re: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein - Offender ID 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
In connection with the registration in New York of Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, Offender ID =, 
as 
a sex offender, this is to advise you of the creation of a new website called 
www.jeffreyepsteininternational cam" and of the user name for that website 
leffreyepsteinfoundation". 
Please note that this new website is an addition made by a third party internet reputation 
management service provider retained by Mr. Epstein. These third party service providers 
independently create internet accounts, websites, blog sites, associated email addresses and 
other web-based accounts and content concerning Mr. Epstein, but which are neither 
created nor used by Mr. Epstein. Out of an abundance of caution, however, Mr. Epstein has 
been disclosing and will continue to disclose such internet-related information, and any 
changes and additions thereto, as and when the same is disclosed to him by such third party 
reputation management service providers. 
Consistent with your prior instructions, Mr. Epstein has signed and dated this letter in the 
space provided below to confirm the creation of the new website called 
www.jeffreyepsteininternational.com".
EFTA00588891
--- PAGE 2 ---
If you require any further information, please feel free to call me at my office 
or on my mobile telephone number, 
Respectfully, 
Darren lndyke 
CONFIRMED: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dated: 
EFTA00588892

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588893.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588893.pdf
----------------------------------------
[Paul Weiss Letterhead] 
[date] 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Darren K. Indyke, Esq. 
Darren K. Ind ke PLLC 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Ass • ciates Inc 
RE: Heidi Holterbosch 
Gentlemen: 
This letter will confirm the agreement between Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton 
& Garrison LLP ("me") and each of you ("you") with respect to your performance of 
confidential services for me with regard to the above referenced client. All references 
to me include Alan S. Halperin, and all partners, members, associates, employees, 
agents, and other representatives of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP 
("Paul Weiss"). All references to you include you, your respective firms, and all 
officers, directors, shareholders, managers, members, associates, employees, agents, 
and other representatives of you and your respective firms. All references to the client 
include all employees, agents, and other representatives of the above referenced client 
and all of her affiliates. 
I have been retained by the client to provide legal services to the client in 
connection with various estate and tax planning matters. You have been retained by 
the client to work under my direction and report to me. Your work includes services 
of a character and quality that are related to my services to the client as an attorney in 
rendering legal advice to the client. Pursuant to our agreement, all communications 
between you and the client or you and me, shall be strictly confidential, subject to the 
EFTA00588893
--- PAGE 2 ---
attorney client and attorney work product privileges and made solely for the purpose 
of assisting me in my representation of the client. 
You agree not to disclose to anyone, without my written permission, the 
existence, nature, or content of any oral or written communications related in any 
manner to the subject matter of my representation of the client. You agree not to 
disclose to anyone any information you gain from the inspection of any record or 
document submitted to you, including information obtained from records or 
documents coming into your possession, or created by you during the performance of 
your services under this agreement. You will not acknowledge the existence of, or 
permit inspection of, any such papers or documents without written permission from 
Paul Weiss in advance. 
All work papers, records, or other documents, regardless of their nature and the 
source from which they emanate, shall be held by you solely for my convenience and 
subject to my unqualified right to instruct you with respect to possession and control. 
Under this agreement, you will immediately notify Paul Weiss of any of the 
following events: 
1. The exhibit or surrender of any documents or records prepared by or 
submitted to you or someone under your direction in a manner not expressly 
authorized by me; 
2. A request by anyone to examine, inspect, or copy such documents or records; 
or 
3. Any attempt to serve, or the actual service of, any court order, judicial or 
administrative subpoena, or judicial or administrative summons upon you that 
requires a production of any such documents or records. 
You will immediately return all documents, records, and work papers to me at 
my request. You agree that documents, records, and work papers include all material 
regardless of the form or medium on which it is kept, including all forms of electronic 
media. 
EFTA00588894
--- PAGE 3 ---
You agree to keep accurate and complete records of all work performed by you 
within the scope of this agreement. You agree to charge and bill the client directly for 
such work and any services by you within the scope of this agreement. 
Please indicate your acceptance of the terms of this agreement by signing the 
enclosed copy of this letter and returning it to me. Thank you for your prompt 
attention to this matter. 
Sincerely, 
The above terms are accepted and agreed to by: 
By: 
Jeffrey Epstein, individually and as President 
of Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
By: 
Darren K. Indyke, individually and as Sole 
Member of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
By: 
Richard Kahn, individually and as President of 
HBRK Associates, Inc. 
EFTA00588895

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588896.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588896.pdf
----------------------------------------
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: 
Contact: Brian Jenkins 
PR Management, Inc. 
Jeffrey Epstein: Studying Evolution Helps with Understanding of Medicine 
A new article notes the ways in which understanding evolution leads to a better understanding of 
medicine—a finding that has won the attention of prominent scientific philanthropist Jeffrey 
Epstein. 
New York, New York, October 26, 2012—
Though evolution has been the subject of controversy for many decades, a recent article from 
The Philadelphia Inquirer notes that, for all of the cultural trappings that the topic of evolution 
entails, its impact on the world of science and medicine is undeniable. Specifically, the article 
notes that, while some Americans may remain skeptical about evolutionary links between 
humans and apes, this link is actually vital for understanding how diseases work. The article, and 
its implications, has won the attention of Jeffrey Epstein, a science philanthropist whose 
donations have supported important scientific research around the world. 
According to the Inquirer article, viruses can effectively recognize the similarities that exist 
between the cells of people, and the cells of primates. The more closely two species are related, 
new research shows, the easier it is for a virus to be transmitted from one of those species to the 
other. The article notes that there are numerous examples of diseases jumping from primates to 
human beings, with different strands of HIV emerging as obvious examples. 
The article affirms that many diseases that seem to come "out of nowhere" and effect human 
beings in fact have their origins in other species—and that when a new disease truly "goes viral," 
scientists are quick to conduct research among these "reservoir species." 
The article has won the attention of Jeffrey Epstein, whose Jeffrey Epstein IV Foundation 
established The Program for Evolutionary Dynamics at Harvard University under the eminent 
theoretical biologist and mathematician, Martin Nowak. The Foundation has also supported 
scientific and evolutionary research around the world and numerous-eminent scientists of all 
kinds including Stephen Hawking and nobel laureates, Gerard 't Hooft. David Gross and Frank 
Wilczek. Epstein has-iseeed-a-staierrieni-te-ihe-preser in-whieh-he-afficals-affirmed the Inquirer 
article. "What Aarticles like this remind us is that studying thiegs-Iike-evolution at the micro 
EFTA00588896
--- PAGE 2 ---
level is important, not just in a theoretical capacity but also in a muc-h-Ffiefe-practical sense," he 
saidays. "Evolution reveals how diseases spread between cells and provides clues as to how we 
can prevent them.Underctanding thece scientific doctrines helps us to better understand many 
more 
Jeffrey Epstein: Studying Evolution Helps with Understanding of Medicine Page 2 
Jeffrey-Epstein1/2 -suppek-of-evelatienapneienee-is-engeingrIn addition to the work done by his 
Foundation, Jeffrey Epstein he-is also a former member of the NY Academy of Science, a former 
board member of Rockefeller University, and a current member of the Mind, Brain and Behavior 
Committee at Harvard University. He is also a current member of the prestigious Edge 
Organization, an exclusive think tank for scholars in the scientists. Jeffrey Epstein also continues 
to supports numerous research facilities and medical organizations around the world. 
fl meing—the—esigias-ef-liumasity-alse-Ikelps-us-undeFstand-the-esigias—ef--these—eatastrephie 
sliseasesr like-
psteis-c-ensheiles
at-is-why-singeing-effsists-te-umtesstand4hings-like 
the-link-between-humensimd-primates-is-se-benefieMP 
ABOUT: 
Jeffrey Epstein is a money manager and philanthropist whose passion is for investing in 
scientific inquiry and education, throughout the world. Through the work of his Jeffrey Epstein 
IV foundation, he has made significant contributions to universities,  hospitals, museums, 
laboratories, individual scientists  and numerous charitable organizations. He Though--formally 
wained-in-finaneer Epstein-is-equally-passienate-about-seienee-end-teehnology,He-is also the 
organizer of the Jeffrey Epstein Forum, an online avenue for the exchange and development of 
ideas related to science, technology, economics, and culture. Jeffrey Epstein is also a former 
member of the Trilateral Commission and the Council for Foreign Relations. 
# # # 
EFTA00588897

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588898.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588898.pdf
----------------------------------------
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: 
Contact: Sam Donovan 
PR Management, Inc. 
Jeffrey Epstein: Understanding Evolution is Key to Understanding Genetics 
New research reveals the ways in which living organisms adapt and "learn" new skills—a 
finding that has warranted the attention of  science philanthropist. Jeffrey Epstein. 
New York, New York, October 25, 2012—
For living creatures, adapting to new circumstances and learning new skills are both necessary 
for survival. This is true not only on a macro level, among humans and animals, but also on a 
genetic level. Scientists have long speculated as to how living organisms can learn new skills 
when drawing from a limited gene pool, but new research offers some insight—and it has won 
the attention of scientific philanthropist Jeffrey Epstein, a vocal proponent of evolutionary 
research and financial founder of The Program for Evolutionary Dynamics at Harvard 
University. The Program for Evolutionary Dynamics which started with a $30 million dollar 
grant from Epstein, uses mathematics, genetics and bio-chemistry to study the evolution of living 
things. 
The new research, undertaken by UC Davis microbiologist Dr. John Roth, seeks to answer the 
question of how genes learn new skills. The common theory has long been that genes duplicate 
by accident, and that duplicate genes mutate and develop new skills; if the skill proves useful, 
then the gene is more likely to spread. 
Roth's research has provided insight into how this theory fits in with the broader framework of 
natural selection. According to the scientist, genes effectively develop two functions—primary 
and secondary ones—and one skill might become more favored as it becomes more useful or 
necessary. Less-than-useful skills are weeded out through natural selection. 
This research has been heralded for the insight it brings both to the field of genetics and to the 
study of evolution. 14-has-wen-the-favec-ef--caen-like-Jeffrey-Epsteinr in-partieular-A4eng-time 
statement-te-the-prewpfehing-KediZs-researeh, 
EFTA00588898
--- PAGE 2 ---
Science activist Jeffrey Epstein, remarked, "The manipulation of gene expression through 
evolution is increasingly at the core of immunotherapy and other approaches to curing 
devastating diseases, such as cancer„" says-Jeffrey-Epatein-in-his-nev.“press-staternentrEpsteip-is 
ne-strunger-te-the-WEIFIE-being-done-in 
- more - 
Jeffrey Epstein: Understanding Evolution is Key to Understanding Genetics Page 2 
fuFthering-the-saidy-of-eveletienhis-feundatienr  The-JetTrey-Efistein-VI-Feundatienr  established 
The-Pregram-fer-EvolutienaFy-Dynamies-at-Hapvacd-Uftiveruity-with-a4-30-Enillien-grararThe 
Program-stutlies-evolution-at-the-bieehemieal-levek 
The scientific philanthropist goes on to detail some of the new possibilities that Roth's research 
allows. "Gene expression can be stimulated with the right environment and then enhanced with 
evolution," Jeffrey Epstein concludes. 
In addition to orchestrating the activities of the Jeffrey Epstein IV! Foundation, Epstein is also a 
former member of the NY Academy of Science, a former board member of Rockefeller 
University, and a current member of the Mind, Brain and Behavior Committee at Harvard 
University. 
Though his formal training is in money management, Jeffrey Epstein's passion has long been for 
supporting the sciences. Through his Foundation, he has made significant endowments to 
laboratories, research facilities, and educational initiatives around the world. The Jeffrey Epstein 
IVI Foundation also supports the arts, youth-related organizations, independent film, and more. 
ABOUT: 
Jeffrey Epstein is a money manager and science philanthropist whose passion is for investing in 
scientific inquiry, research and education, throughout the world. Through the work of his Jeffrey 
Epstein WI Ffoundation, he has made significant contributions to universities, hospitals, 
museums, laboratories, individual scientists and numerous charitable organizations. Though 
cofmally-trained-in-finaneer  Epstein-is-equally-passionate-about-seienee-and-teehnolegy:Ftis 
also a former member of the Council for Foreign Relations, the Trilateral Commission and a 
current member of the Edge Foundation, an exclusive think tank for scholars in the sciences. 
# # # 
EFTA00588899

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588900.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588900.pdf
----------------------------------------
F morrowmodel 
European opportunity 
JEE 
EFTA00588900
--- PAGE 2 ---
2morrowmodel group is the fastest growing 
group in the Milan market 
MS ICCTit 
worrt It tot 4445•4n1 citron Ravi " 
ro
ORA Foie 
106.0 4Psolt 
/ Lik4.) 
- I 1 
kat 
L 
2100m4001 
• We believe in results 
- We measure our success by the numbers of our 
clients and their satisfaction 
- We do not follow industry rules, we question them 
and change them where it's appropriate to make 
OUR rules 
- We want to create successful companies adequately 
structured, what is trendy but does not create 
sound business we leave to our competitors 
- We operate with a sense of urgency 
• We believe in sharing 
- Our models, our mother agency partners and our 
top employees participate in our success 
• We tell it like it is 
- We listen hard, but are suspicious of received 
industry wisdom 
• We aspire to have the most efficient 
company in modeling 
- We employ our manuals, software and rules to run 
our companies as a Swiss clock 
- 60% of our employees have university degrees, 
20% in management and economics. Our key 
managers come from Private Equity, Fashion and 
have been educated in the best universities 
t recipient; itdosnot ipIlitwilis4ARrprsh1aared with any 3rd party without 2morrow's prior written consent. 
EFTA00588901
--- PAGE 3 ---
Exponential growth of 2morrowmodel group 
over the last 5 years 
Founded in 2001, 2morrowmodel group is 
experiencing rapid growth in the last 5 years 
since new management arrived... 
(INDEXED revenue, 2009 = 100%) 
...and is already the largest group for FTEs in 
Milan with 48 employees 
••• 
This information is confidential and was prepared by 2morrmo solely for the direct recipient; t
ot ithStalitishwitryfitipred with any 3rd party without 2morrow's prior written consent. 
EFTA00588902
--- PAGE 4 ---
One group, 3 companies 
morrowmodel 
• www.2morrowmodel.com 
• >2000 models managed 
• Paris opening in progress 
• www.nologomgmt.com 
• "500 models managed 
• www.2daymodel.com 
• "'300 models managed 
This information is confidential and was prepared by 2morrow solely for the direct recipient; iteiesnot ipi limirrt,4466R,Qrskloared with any 3rd party without 2morrow's prior written consent. 
EFTA00588903
--- PAGE 5 ---
IL DESIGN DEL COLORE 
s DEBORAH 
OF LIFE.
A t 7.11 
SPORTMAX 
Ti 
sent. 
EFTA00588904
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00588905
--- PAGE 7 ---
Expansion opport 
Opportunity 
*Leverage the existing business model and the talent already under contract to 
open Paris and London 
- Provide from Milano the software and the internal procedures bringing efficiency in a dysfunctional 
industry. We are the disruptive technology 
- Provide from Milano the talent under contract 
- Create legally an invoicing platform from Italy to exploit tax advantages 
- Bring top quality management from Milano to kick-start the operations 
- Include the MC2 network and work together using Jean Luc organization as the American operations 
- Collaborate with Jean Luc also on the scouting side, even if the 19 mother agencies where we have equity 
participations and special agreements are already a very, very strong platform 
Skin in the game 
•On this project 2morrow group will bet its 
network, brand name and top management 
with very high image and opportunity cost. It 
MUST be a success, failure would put the rest 
of the ventures at risk and is unacceptable 
•Existing personnel will be used to support the 
venture, that's why we can open these 
structures with limited investments 
Financial terms 
•3M Eur commitment, to be drawn within 3 years 
- not all money needed upfront 
- 99% as debt, 1% as capital 
*Total amount to be repaid before any other 
amount paid to shareholders 
- Cost of capital of 6% to be calculated for the months 
effectively used 
- Target: repay debt 3.5 years from when it's drawn 
*50-50 split of shares 
*Complete transparency and quarterly updates 
This information is confidential and was prepared by 2morrow solely for the direct recipient; it snot iplbt.Fglig.40,Rwskleared with any 3rd party without 2morrow's prior written consent. 
EFTA00588906

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588907.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588907.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K INDYKE 
DARREN K INDYKE, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York New York 10065 
emai 
June 
, 2012 
CERTIFIED MAIL 
RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED 
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
Tower Place 
Albany, NY 12203-3764 
Re: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein - Offender ID 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
In connection with the registration in New York of Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, Offender ID 
as a sex offender, this is to supplement the internet-related information 
previously provided to you for Mr. Epstein by advising you of the creation of the 
following new website: "www.jeffreyepstein.us." 
Consistent with your instructions regarding a previous notification by Mr. Epstein of 
new internet-related information, Mr. Epstein has signed and dated this letter in the 
space provided below to confirm the creation of this new website. 
If ou re uire any further information, please feel free to call me at my office, 
or on my mobile telephone number, 
Respectfully, 
Darren Indyke 
CONFIRMED: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dated: 
EFTA00588907

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588908.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588908.pdf
----------------------------------------
AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 
This is to confirm and constitute the agreement reached by and among 
George Reenstra ("Reenstra"), Aircraft Services Group, Inc. ("ASG"), Jeffrey Epstein 
("Epstein") and Freedom Air International, Inc. ("FAI"), with respect to the 
resolution of all matters relating to remuneration (the "Remuneration Matters") 
received by, and paid and payable to, Reenstra, ASG, and/or any affiliates thereof the 
"ASG Parties") in connection with the acquisition and subsequent sale by FAI (f/k/a 
Air Ghislaine, Inc. and Shmitka Air, Inc.) of the Subject Aircraft (as hereinafter 
defined). For purposes of this agreement the "Subject Aircraft" shall mean that 
certain Sikorsky S-76 C++ Helicopter, Serial No. 760667 ("667"), that certain 
Sikorsky S-76 C++ Helicopter, Serial No. 760750 ("750"), and that Sikorsky S-76C+ 
Helicopter, Serial No. 760472 ("742"). With respect to the Remuneration Matters, 
Reenstra, ASG, Epstein and FAI have agreed as follows: 
1. 
Upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by all of the 
parties hereto, in full and final payment of all amounts due and payable from FAI to 
the ASG Parties in connection with FAI's acquisition and subsequent sale of 742, FAI 
shall pay ASG and Reenstra the sum of $90,319 by wire transfer of said amount to 
the account of their affiliate, BAK Opportunities, LLC, in accordance with the 
following wire transfer instructions: 
Bank: 
Chase Bank 
555 North Franklin Turnpike 
Ramsey, NJ 07446 
ABA No.: 
021000021 
Account Name: 
BAK Opportunities LLC 
Account Number: 
856500855 
2. 
Reenstra and ASG acknowledge and agree that Reenstra, ASG and/or 
the affiliates thereof (hereinafter referred to the "ASG Parties") have received 
payment of the following remuneration in connection with the acquisition and 
subsequent sale of the Subject Aircraft by FAI (including when FAI was formerly 
known as Air Ghislaine, Inc. and Shmitka Air, Inc.): 
Acqusition by FAI of S-76C++, Serial No. 760667 
$250,000.00 
Sale by FAI of S-76C++, Serial No. 760667 
$126,000.00 
Acqusition by FAI of S-76C++, Serial No. 760750 
$250,000.00 
Sale by FAI of S-76C++, Serial No. 760750 
$100,000.00 
Sale by FAI of S-76C+, Serial No. 760472 
$100.000.00 
Total 
$826,000.00 
Reenstra and ASG further acknowledge and agree that no other moneys are due and 
payable from FAI to any of the ASG Parties in connection with the acquisition and/or 
EFTA00588908
--- PAGE 2 ---
subsequent sale of any of the Subject Aircraft, except as provided in paragraph 1 
hereof. 
3. 
Reenstra and ASG represent and warrant that of the $250,000.00 per 
acquisition of remuneration received by the ASG Parties in connection with the 
acquisition by FAI of 667 and 750, with respect to one of those acquisitions the ASG 
Parties accepted $100,000.00 less in remuneration than otherwise would have 
ordinarily been payable. Reenstra and ASG further represent and warrant that, 
other than as stated in paragraph 2 above, no ASG Party received any benefit, 
compensation, commission or other form of remuneration in connection with the 
acquisition and/or subsequent sale by FAI of any of the Subject Aircraft. 
4. 
Reenstra and ASG, for and on behalf of all the ASG Parties, and each of 
their respective principals, affiliates, predecessors, successors, assigns, heirs, 
executors and administrators, hereby fully and irrevocably release, acquit and 
discharge Epstein, FAI (including, without limitation, when FAI was formerly known 
as Air Ghislaine, Inc. and Shmitka Air, Inc.), and each of their respective principals, 
affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, predecessors, successors, assigns, 
heirs, executors and administrators from any and all manner of claims, demands, 
rights, liabilities, losses, obligations, duties, damages, debts, expenses, interest, 
penalties, sanctions, fees, attorneys' fees, costs, actions, potential actions, causes of 
action, suits, agreements, judgments, decrees, matters, issues and controversies of 
any kind, nature or description whatsoever, whether known or unknown, disclosed 
or undisclosed, legal, equitable, or of any other type, or in any other capacity, 
whether based on state, federal, statutory, or common law, for, upon or by reason of 
any matter, cause, or thing whatsoever from the beginning of time through the day 
of the date of this Agreement. 
5. 
The individuals signing this Agreement and the parties hereto on 
behalf of whom or which such individuals are signing hereby represent and warrant 
that they are empowered and authorized to sign on behalf of and bind the parties 
hereto for whom and which they have signed. 
7. 
Each party hereto agrees that this Agreement shall be binding upon 
the heirs, successors, and assigns of each party hereto. 
8. 
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each 
of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one 
and the same instrument. Signatures of this Agreement transmitted by fax or email 
shall have the same effect as original signatures. 
9. 
This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written 
instrument executed by the duly authorized representatives of all of the parties 
hereto. Any waiver of any provision hereof must be in writing and signed by the 
party hereto to be charged with such waiver. Any such waiver shall be effective only 
in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which such waiver is given. 
EFTA00588909
--- PAGE 3 ---
No failure on the part of any party hereto to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any 
right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof; 
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege under this 
Agreement, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any 
other right, power or privilege hereunder. 
10. Should any litigation be instituted by any of the parties for the 
enforcement of the release provided in paragraph 4 hereof, the losing party shall 
pay to the prevailing party, reasonable attorney's fees in an amount to be 
determined by the Court. 
11. 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to agreements entered into 
entirely within that State, without regard to the principles of such laws regarding 
conflicts of laws. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to 
be signed on the 10'h day of May, 2012. 
George Reenstra 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Aircraft Services Group, Inc. 
Freedom Air International, Inc. 
By: 
By: 
George Reenstra 
Darren K. Indyke 
President 
Vice President 
EFTA00588910

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588911.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588911.pdf
----------------------------------------
East 71st To List 
updated 05/08/12 
6th floor & Roof 
■ 
Kitchen replaces aerator on sink faucet. RB, will repair work completed 
■ 
Movie room — Sony projector not operational need theater /audio company to 
check to see if it can be repaired. JE needs to make decision or repair or 
replace projector. Scott had cutting edge look at projector for 
proposal.4/11 JE Decision spend 15K to fix system4/18 Received 
proposal 05/08/12. JE to approve. 
■ 
Movie room — middle black out shade not getting proper signal from crestron 
system needs to be checked. JE and Scott Dennett to make decision what 
audio company to do repair. Scott had cutting edge look at system to 
give proposal. 4/11 05/08/12 Received proposal. 
■ 
JE desk computer speaker wires are they acceptable? Glass table for printer 
is this good or do we need to order proper printer table. JE decision. 
■ 
Purchase new patio furniture for terrace? JE decision. 
■ 
Terrace — purchase plants spring flowers. Done 4/11 
■ 
Pressure wash limestone above terrace and terrace pavers RB will do , Work 
completed.3/27 
■ 
Skylight all glass old and discolored needs to be replaced caulking needs to 
be changed. RB will provide proposal to get cost for glass change out 5/4 
started to pressure wash to see if it will come clean 
■ 
All roof pavers need to be pressure washed. RB will do in May. Work in 
progress5/4 will complete 5/14 or 5/15 
■ 
Pressure wash cooling tower fan enclosure before cooling season. RB will 
start 5/15 complete by 5/16 
5th Floor — 
• Hallway needs to be repainted wood trim and doors patched and painted, clean 
paint off hardware. RB to provide proposal for JE approval. 
■ 
Clean out and organize lift closet next to Sarah's office RB Work completed. 
■ 
Purchase window shades for rear bedrooms bathrooms and Sarah's, bathroom .JE 
approved girls need to purchase, SK or SH. 
4th Floor — 
• Yoga room— new speakers, Cardio equipment make room more useable for JE 
and guests .JE decision how to proceed with room. 
■ 
Yoga room — purchase lighting or change lighting to over head lighting. JE 
decision how to proceed. 
■ 
Replace light fixture over stone head in bathroom dressing area. RB will install 
week of 3/28 or 3/29 Work complete. 
■ 
GYM re organize exercise equipment purchase some new equipment? Hang some 
motivational pictures on walls. Re think TV audio area always appears messy new 
EFTA00588911
--- PAGE 2 ---
rack or shelf system for audio equipment? JE decision how to proceed with 
room. Removed punching bag and concept 2 rower. 
■ 
Plaid room bedroom area — needs new leather furniture, or old set needs to be 
refinished. Upgrade Flat screen TV to HD and HD cable box and new TV stand 
JE decision. If decision to proceed we will provide proposals. 
■ 
Elephant room — replace white carpeting, carpeting is worn and discolored around 
all base board areas. Upgrade Flat screen TV to HD and cable box order new TV 
stands. JE decision, IF decision to proceed we will provide proposals. 
3rd Floor — 
■ 
Repair all scratched and damaged woodwork in entrance corridor and 
bedroom stair well. RB will wood worker for JEE approval. 
■ 
Bedroom and sitting room area — clean blue chandeliers. JE approved 4/16 
scheduled for 4/24 Work Complete 
■ 
Clean glass light fixtures in hallway and bedroom staircase. Done 3/25 
■ 
Flat screen TV for bathroom area? JE decision. 
■ 
Purchase new window shades in dressing room areas due to discoloration and 
damage to existing shades. SK or SH to purchase. 
■ 
Re paint over Master bathroom ceiling mural? JE decision 
■ 
Clean master shower stone and re grout. RB to provide company to do on 
T&M. Work complete 
2nd Floor — 
• Kitchen area — replace old blue carpet on floor with proper kitchen flooring. JE 
decision. 
■ 
Clean chandelier and hanging light fixtures. JE approved scheduled for 4/24 
work complete. 
■ 
Hidden office behind library - is this room becoming a t.v. area as J.E. discussed 
or breakfast room. I removed all office computer & fax equipment. JE decision. 
1st Floor — 
• 
1st floor security office — touch up black wall paint scratches easy, find protective 
coating for black walls. Install counter top security console. RB to have Ion to 
give proposal and solution to problem. Ion solved marks on wall can be 
rubbed off with water and clean sponge. Work completed. 
■ 
Replace security monitors at side of front door — two burnt out monitors. RB has 
proposal for JE Approved Installed Work Completed. 
■ 
Replace entrance spotlights with proper fixtures for silk/screen oriental paintings 
JEE decision & approval and design? RB repaired light fixtures all four 
working. 
EFTA00588912
--- PAGE 3 ---
■ 
Replace cocoa mat Front door? JEE decision 
■ 
Lounge area Sue's office purchase new furniture. SH to purchase. 
■ 
Main Grand Stair case have Ion touch up Venetian plaster walls door entrance to 
elevator corners damaged. Ion working new paint concept. 
■ 
Entrance stairs — install new carpet runner on stairs? , have stone stairs front door 
landing cleaned again. Change lighting scheme in entrance. JE decision for 
runner & lighting .RB to provide company to clean stone on T&M. week of 
5/15 
■ 
Pantry corridor and kitchen area — replace vinyl wood floor. JE decision. 
■ 
Re finish front entrance wood doors .RB proposal for JEE approval. Proposal 
for$10.000.00 same people who did Lutnick front door. Waiting on second 
proposal from 2•a contractor seen job proposal due 5/15 
■ 
Repaint kitchen and pantry corridor. JE decision RB to have Ion to give 
proposal. 
■ 
Dining room — Repaint change carpet? JE decision. 
Cellar Area — 
• Laundry room — Re paint touch up walls, doors, and trim. RB will do week of 4/1 
■ 
Lynn and Jojo's apartment — repaint entire apartment, kitchen area install all new 
appliances on order, and kitchen exhaust system purchase all new furniture and 
carpet. RB & SK work in progress. 
■ 
Catering kitchen — repaint entire room, clean all stainless steel. RB to have Ion to 
give proposal for paint. Staff to clean stainless steel. Cleaning done. Work 
Completed. 
■ 
Entrance to basement from front of house needs to repainted, plastered, steel steps 
need to be wire brushed work. In progress. 
■ 
Organize art storage room. RB work complete.3/28 and 
5/1 
■ 
Maytag washer #1 needs new bearings makes loud noise in spin cycle I have a 
$560.00 proposal for the repair JE approved Work Complete 3/26 
■ 
Remove all rubbish in yard need to hire carting company, Purchase more fire 
wood and cover with tarp. RB will solicit company and do on T&M Schedule 
rubbish removal week of 4/16 Work Completed 5/3 
Mechanical — 
• Replace Stand pipe sprinkler alarm panel defective beyond repair. RB to solicit 
proposal this system is original to house ,and is not supported by ADT.Their 
is only one technician in ADT that is familiar with this control panel he had a 
used control board by luck on his repair truck and fixed the panel, it worked 
for a few months . If I plug in it will alarm randomly and send alarms to all 
house key pads and disturb everyone in the middle of the night. In Progress 
electrical design engineer to review system week of 3/20 .ADT sent email with 
projected costs .I will look into other alarm companies. Called Sawyers 
sending zone lists. Sawyers to do walk through with electrical engineer week 
of 4/16 Sawyers will have a proposal by 5/15 
EFTA00588913
--- PAGE 4 ---
• Infrared test all steam traps on entire steam system. Replace defective traps. RB 
seasonal maintenance. RB Test completed 
■ 
Drain and clean cooling tower sump order suction baffles and filter screens for 
sump from BAC. RB seasonal maintenance RB to provide proposal to order 
parts needed to be done due to age of cooling tower sump. It will need total 
replacement in the near future. JE approved parts arrived 04/09/12 
Installation 5/18 
■ 
Remove and clean suction filter screens on all condenser water pumps. RB 
May1st Work Completed 
• Replace three defective steam condensate pumps. Steam condensate pump out 
system. RB will get proposal for cost of pumps for JEE approval , I will 
install new pumps this system is original to house and failed due to age I 
have repaired several times over the past 10 years system bypassed to sump 
ejector system started to leak on the end of the steam pre heat season. This 
needs to be replaced before the next heating season. JE approved removal of 
pumps on 3/20 Work is completed 3/26 
■ 
Replace cooling tower chemical pump feed system for biocide and corrosion 
inhibitor with cylinder tablet feed system from clarity chemical co. RB sent to 
RK for E mail with cost for approval, the current pulse feed system does not 
give the cooling tower water the proper chemical treatment due to low feed 
rates that clog up feed pump system constantly. This is an up grade to assure 
the high efficiency chiller cleaner water and better electrical efficiency 
during the summer operation. I asked Clarity chemical to come up with a 
solution to this issue. JE & RK approved parts on order.4/6 Installation 4/19 
Work Complete 4/20 
■ 
Replace siemens steam pre heat valves on AC-2, AC-4.RB found during steam 
pre heat operation valves not holding set points. RB will provide proposal for 
replacement of valves needs to be done before next heating system this 
system operates and is valved on when outside temperatures fall below 32 
deg .F tested valves ok need Siemens to come in to do programming. I will 
complete by 5/20 
• Perform NYCFD .standpipe sprinkler 5 yr test with licensed fire suppression 
plumber RB received proposal for$1800.00 scheduled for August 24th 7:30am 
■ 
Paint front of house all black steel bars on tree pits, terrace guards, 2nd fl., 3rd fl., 
rear of house set back railings. RB sent proposal to JE rejected .JE requested 
JoJo and 
will paint. 
• Replace AC-1 fan motor hold down bracket breaking away from motor. RB to get 
price on motor I will order on week of 3/12 needs to be done! I just found 
problem motor problem due to age 24 hr operation original to house. JE 
approved parts on order. Received motor Work Completed 3/26 
• Infrared test and tighten all electrical connections to main MCC high voltage 
panels. RB to solicit proposal from testing company for JEE to approve, this 
should be done due to age and usage of electrical MCC panels 24 hr use of 
equipment in residence. JE on hold We need to discuss needs to be done AC-
EFTA00588914
--- PAGE 5 ---
burned out back to 50 amp breaker melted fuse block!! Approved 
scheduled for week of Mayas' Work completed 4/30 
■ 
Purchases Nortek humidifier replacement cylinders for AC-I, AC-2, and AC 3. 
RB to do seasonal maintenance item. RB will purchase and install only one 
cylinder in stock. Work completed 
■ 
Replaced condenser motor for ac unit that supplies ac to basement main security 
room and helps supply additional ac to server room. RB in process of repair new 
motor bracket needed will pick up week of 3/26 Work Complete 4/18/12 
■ 
Pressure wash all cooling coils on all main air fans AC-1, AC-2 AC-3 AC_4 and 
all reheat zones to all rooms. RB to do cooling season start up PM. RB will 
complete project by May 25th. 
■ 
Test emergency generator ATS switches EPP and emergency life safety 
system. RB to provide proposal for JEE approval for electrical engineering 
Test Company to assist in testing. We should run in emergency mode at least 
once per year. Scheduled for June, will give cost for project. 
■ 
Replace Spence low pressure low volume steam control valve, steam reduction 
station SC Level .RB replaced valve on 3/23 work complete. 
■ 
Replace fan motor for bedroom stair case ac-unit AC-6, replace fan motor for unit 
heater for court yard heater, RB removed motor having problem finding 
replacement motor manufacturer discontinued line searching for 
replacement I will forward price when I find proper motor unit failed due to 
age. RB to remove blower 5/17 and send to Castellano motor for proper 
sizing. 
■ 
Server room ac unit needs to be re piped and tied into cooling tower condenser 
water system and taken off domestic water.RB reviewing nearest condenser 
water piping for tie in I will give cost to resolve problem this is not legal in 
NYC. Work in progress. 
■ 
Re paint & plaster leak damaged walls service stairs /fire stair case and dirty staff 
traffic areas. RB painting Work in progress plastered and sanded 1st floor 
complete work will be completed by 4/1 Work Completed. Need to re touch 
6th fl landing will complete by 5/16 
■ 
Emergency Repair AC-3 6th floor Motor burned back to main 50 amp 
breaker Removed old motor and drive ,ordered new motor from castallano 
motors$685.00 Installed found more operational problems .replaced motor 
contactors checked all voltages .Electrician to come in on 3/26 to check problem 
electrician found bad service breaker from service switch. Bypassed 30amp 
service breaker until breaker can be replaced motor ok fan running.3/26 all work 
on motor complete 5/1. Work Completed. 
EFTA00588915

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588916.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588916.pdf
----------------------------------------
FLORIDA TRANSFORMER, INC. 
Mail Quotation To: 
ARRAN MCGINNIS 
Quote: 016011 
Cust #: 001153 
OVER THE COUNTER SALES 
Department: TL 
Job Desc: 
TRANSFORMER, LARGE 
Type: 71 3 PHASE PAD XFMR 
Ship To #: 
Quote Date 
ARRAN MCGINNIS 
03/01/12 
Nameplate 
SERIAL NO 
KVA:500, PRI VOLTS:13800GRDY/7970, SEC VOLTS:480Y/277, 
MFGR:ABB, TAPS:C, LOOP/RAD ?:*, IMPEDANCE:*, WEIGHT:*, GUST ID#:*, PK-UP SITE:* 
Special Instructions: 
ESTIMATED WORK COMPLETION: 10-12 WEEKS AFTER FTI RECIEVES TRANSFORMER. 
Description 
Units 
Unit Price 
Ext Price 
500 KVA-13800/7970-480Y/277-3 PHASE PAD 
PLEASE REVIEW THE DETAILS OF THIS QUOTE: 
*PRICE INCLUDES FTI TO CHANGE OUT OLD 
TANK TO NEW STAINLESS STEEL TANK. THIS 
TANK WILL BE A NEW TANK FROM ABB. 
*FILLED WITH ALL NEW NO PCB MINERAL OIL. 
*STANDARD PRICING FOR RECONDITIONING 
THIS UNIT. DOES NOT INCLUDE ANY PARTS. 
METAL WORK OR ANY TRANSPORTATION. 
*RECONDITION OF THIS TRANSFORMER 
INCLUDES: BAKE CORE & COIL, COMPLETE 
TESTS & EVALUATION, PREP & PAINT. 
1.00 
20,336.50 
20,336.50 
*CUSTOMER WILL ASSUME ALL COSTS FOR 
TRANSPORTATION-FLORIDA TRANSFORMER WILL 
NOT BE RESPOSIBLE FOR ANY FEES, TAXES, 
OR TRANSPORTATION COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH 
THIS TRANSACTION. 
*CREDIT INFORMATION UPON REQUEST. 
*PAYMENT REQUIRED PRIOR TO ONSET OF WORK, 
*THIS QUOTE IS PROVIDED SCOPE OF WORK SIGHT UNSEEN, 
THERE COULD BE A POSSIBLITY OF ADDITIONAL FEES. 
*YOUR BUSINESS IS GREATLY APPRECIATED!! 
Total: 
20,336.50 
Quote valid for 30 calendar days 
Plus Sales Taxes, 
from the above date. 
If Applicable. 
By: LINDA ANDERSON 
Date: 03.01.2012
Based Upon Our Standard Terms And Conditions. 
EFTA00588916

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588917.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588917.pdf
----------------------------------------
SEED Magazine 03 
A New Kind of Science 
Don Hoyt Gorman 
Steven Wolfram emerged from over a decade of self-imposed isolation this summer and published his Magnum Opus, A New 
Kind of Science. What's notable, more than the iconic character of Wolfram or the colorful content of the book itself, is the 
way in which he has affected science communication. 
It is as though Wolfram, who's been called "arrogant" and "genius," has decided to apply Milton Friedman-style economics to 
science's literary marketplace. Instead of going the traditional route of submitting individual papers to peer-reviewed journals, 
Wolfram launched his work as a direct-to-market project. He claims that his solo act, from exile to vanity press, was to save 
time; conferring with colleagues would have delayed him. He published the book through his own company, Wolfram Media, 
Inc., sold out his first print run of 50,000 copies, and hit number one on Amazon.com within a week. 
By bypassing the usually staid, measured cadence of scientific review, the book and, by extension, Wolfram himself, were 
consumed by the mass media and pop culture as celebrity. And Wolfram was ready. He welcomed everyone from Michael S. 
Malone at Forbes to Loch Adamson at New York Times Magazine. He sat for interviews and posed for photo shoots. Malone 
wrote that Wolfram instructed an aide to "get lost" when driving the interviewer to his home, in order to keep its location a 
secret. It was a move you'd expect from Sean Penn, but something that only increased Wolfram's celebrity. 
By employing this non-traditional, market savvy approach, Wolfram has joined the dubious company of researchers who 
prefer the scrum of press conferences to the impartial scrutiny of scientific journals. Recall Advanced Cell Technology's 
hyped announcement of a successful human clone earlier this year, or the egg-on-the-face embarrassment of the Cold 
Fusion researchers, who held a showy press conference a couple years back, to their eternal regret 
The British-born maverick has bought into the frontier ethos of his adopted land, portraying himself as a lone genius whose 
detractors will only slow his march along the road to truth. This is a man who published his first paper at age 15, earned his 
PhD. at age 20, won a Macarthur "genius" grant a year later, and made enough money to do what he wanted from then on. 
Even if it eventually chews them up and spits them out, ours is a culture that embraces quirky, celebrity-prone trailblazers. 
His stated wish that his ideas will "pervade not only science and technology but also many areas of general thinking" remains 
the major litmus test of this whole enterprise. If it works, it may inspire other self-proclaimed twentieth century Newtons to 
bypass traditional protocol and get their message straight into the hands of those that will feed their egos and their wallets. 
Even if A New Kind of Science ends up collecting dust on the nation's coffee tables, A la A Brief History of Time, Wolfram will 
have already succeeded in shaking up the foundations of scientific tradition in a way that is as unconventional, and as 
modern, as the text itself. He is set to face his fans and critics alike this month as he heads out on a nationwide lecture tour. 
EFTA00588917

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588918.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588918.pdf
----------------------------------------
Slug: Perspective 
Hed: To Keep on Looking 
Hed(alt. suggestion): Thinking Outside the Box 
Dek: As we explore Mars, our neighbor planet forces us to 
imagine otherworldly evolution, and redefines our own sense 
place in the Solar System 
Pq: As we bring Mars closer to us through the explorations 
of our robotic and remote vehicles, the planet will 
continue to work its way into the big picture of human 
experience. 
WC: 1045 
Before NASA's Mars Global Surveyor stopped calling home in 
November, the satellite—which had been orbiting our 
neighbor planet since 1997 and was the source for the 
Google Mars data—captured a compelling image. Relayed back 
to Malin Space Science Systems in San Diego, CA, was a 
photograph of what looked like a newly-formed stream bed 
that flowed down a gully into the base of a crater. 
Researchers were stunned, because the exact same location 
had been photographed five years prior by Surveyor, and had 
revealed no such feature. The image itself is remarkable: 
it shows the flow—which appears lighter against the darker, 
older terrain around it—emerging from the Martian surface 
several hundred meters up a steep incline along the inside 
edge of a crater. It traces a course downhill until 
reaching the nearly flat bottom, where it spreads out like 
the fingers of the Mississippi delta. 
Mike Malin, the chief investigator and President of Malin 
Space Systems that built and operated Surveyor's Mars 
Observer Camera, authored a paper in Science hypothesizing 
that what Surveyor had captured was in fact evidence of a 
EFTA00588918
--- PAGE 2 ---
brief, explosive flow of liquid water. It could only have 
been brief, because while the surface of Mars is around 
minus sixty-three degrees centigrade, the atmospheric 
pressure is so low that water boils even at that 
temperature. Malin suggested that water forcibly erupted 
out onto the surface and raced down the slope before 
evaporating and leaving only the visible etching of shifted 
dust and rock. 
It is a suggestion of water that leads to the suggestion of 
life. But the question is begged: do we know what we're 
looking for? In January, we heard an hypothesis that gave 
us a new reason to look up in anticipation: scientists at 
the American Astronomical Society meeting suggested that 
the Viking Landers of 1976 may have overlooked a form of 
microbial life that could, perhaps, exist on Mars. 
When the Viking missions were conceived, we had yet to find 
and identify here on our own planet forms of life that 
exist in almost unimaginably harsh environments: extreme 
cold, extreme pressure, extreme heat, extreme acidity. 
Conditions that approach the sort found on Mars have been 
colonized here on Earth by these extremeophiles. Dirk 
Schulze-Makuch of Washington State University and Joop 
Houtkooper of Justus-Liebig University of Giessen in 
Germany looked back at the Viking missions and pointed out 
that the landers' experiments (designed to find H2O-based 
life forms) would have failed to find signs of life that 
evolved the ability to use a water-Hydrogen peroxide (11202) 
mixture—which could be well suited to Mars' harsh climate. 
Extremeophiles here on Earth have adapted to use Hydrogen 
peroxide—one organism, Acetobacterperoxidans, for instance, uses 
it as part of its metabolism. Schulze-Makuch and Houtkooper 
EFTA00588919
--- PAGE 3 ---
argued that if H2O2 biochemistry evolved on Mars, it 
wouldn't have been detected by the Viking landers—in fact, 
the Viking experiments would have destroyed H2O2 
biochemistry in whatever sample they collected. Which 
means, of course, that we now need to go back and look 
again; this time better armed with theories of 
extraterrestrial evolution and alien forms of life. 
Shortly after Schulze-Makuch and Houtkooper's presentation, 
investigators at NASA's Mars Phoenix mission (which is due 
to launch this August) started looking into whether its 
existing experiments could also be used to search for 
Hydrogen-peroxide based life. In April, the National 
Academies "Weird Life" group is expected to present their 
"Astrobiology Strategy for the Exploration of Mars" paper, 
bringing together everything that has so far been learned 
about potential Martian astrobiology and presenting a plan 
for the search for life on Mars. The Mars Science 
Laboratory mission, which is scheduled to deliver the next-
generation rover to Mars in late 201 
0, will carry with 
it a suite of tools and experimental capabilities that will 
drag Mars further still into the limelight of human 
understanding. Within a decade, NASA is planning the 
Astrobiology Field Laboratory, a full-scale lander program 
whose only mission will be to uncover whatever traces of 
life Mars may harbor. 
Of course, amidst all of these leading pictures and 
suggestive notions, there is the very real possibility that 
Mars is dead, and always has been. But as an exploratory 
species, we humans are also resolutely optimistic; we've 
spent billions of dollars and rubles and euros getting to 
Mars and exciting ourselves with the possibility of what 
EFTA00588920
--- PAGE 4 ---
may lie waiting for us there. There is hope in these 
missions. It suggests that our drive to seek out new life 
runs hand in hand with a desire to uncover new 
civilization_ or, at the very least, a colony of acidic 
bacteria. 
Mars is no longer the ominous Red Planet of crisscrossed 
canals, and yet the more we know about it, the more we seem 
to want to find those canals there after all. As we bring 
Mars closer to us through the explorations of our robotic 
and remote vehicles, and as revelations continue to emerge 
about its atmosphere, its surface, its craters and ice cap, 
the planet will continue to work its way into the big 
picture of human experience. It is becoming a more real and 
more exciting and more accessible place; not least as a 
physical and theoretical environment into which we can 
postulate some of our most novel scientific theories. 
When we think of evolution, for instance, we think about 
single-celled organisms evolving to complex organisms to 
fish, to amphibians, to birds, or early primates, to 
hominids to humans. We think of the Triassic to the 
Jurassic to the Cretaceous. We think of plate tectonics and 
old growth forests. We don't think of Mars. Mars isn't part 
of our rather Earth-centric world-view of evolution. Not 
yet. 
Incorporating Martian evolution—or that of any other world, 
for that matter—in our understanding of life, is one of the 
most profound paradigm-shifts we are likely to experience 
in the biological sciences. It would put our own impressive 
and diverse natural history on a parallel existence with 
another entire category of life. And it would bring with it 
a virtually unending series of new questions and new 
EFTA00588921
--- PAGE 5 ---
scientific endeavor. That we will have to continue to think 
outside the box of Planet Earth in order to conceive of 
ways to look for life is surely one of the greatest 
challenges that Mars, and the rest of the Universe, has 
presented us. 
EFTA00588922

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588923.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588923.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ui08 An Intro EDIT.doc 
12731/69 
HED: When Art Becomes Science 
DEK: Art has always been the product of art-science 
collaborations. 2008 may be when we finally see science 
emerge as the result. 
PQ: TK 
WC: 597 
The ongoing dance between art and science has come a 
long way since its most popular image was that of a glowing 
rabbit. Eduardo Kac's transgenic green bunny started a 
trend of bio-art that allowed the world to examine the 
social and ethical ramifications of science. But although 
art-science has propelled art into these and other new 
dimensions, science has remained squarely within its own 
realm, largely unaffected by the persuasions of the arts. 
But there's a sense that this may be changing. While 
it's hardly a novelty that scientists and artists would 
commingle with grand intentions, there is a palpable sense 
that the expectations of these collaborations are now much 
higher than before. A new breed of contemporary cross-over 
art-scientists are starting to explore a future for science 
which incorporates the thought process of the artist. 
Last November in Prague, creative thinkers from around 
the world gathered at the art-science Mutamorphosis 
conference, at which questions were raised as to why only 
one project out of tens could actually demonstrate a 
collaboration that led to success on both art and science 
fronts. That project was Blue Morph, a partnership born out 
of an artist-in-lab program. Jim Gimzewski, a director at 
the California Nanosystems Institute, discovered that he 
was picking up vibrations from yeast cells with atomic 
force microscopy, and reached out to Victoria Vesna, media 
EFTA00588923
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ui08 An Intro EDIT.doc 
12731/69 
artist and director of the Art I Sci Center at UCLA. 
Influenced by her artistic interpretation of his data, 
Gimzewski translated the vibration patterns into audio. The 
research ultimately resulted in both a published paper in 
the journal Science and a work of public art—a room in 
Prague's CIANT gallery steeped in saturated blue, alive 
with nano-images of butterfly wing patterns, and surrounded 
by the sound of a caterpillar morphing into a butterfly. 
"It's just the start of a new type of art-science." says 
California-based Vesna, "At this point, probably only one 
out of 10 art-science collaborations result in a real 
interaction like ours." But a growing number of art-
scientists are realizing the potential of these 
interactions. Last year, BeiLAB was established as China's 
contemporary research platform where artists and scientists 
can compare creative processes. The recently opened Science 
Gallery will be Ireland's version of an innovation center 
and in France, David Edwards, Harvard professor of 
biomedical engineering, is hoping to kick-start the new 
art-science by bringing leading artists and scientists 
together under one roof. 
Le Laboratoire is Edwards' new experimental arts and 
science center in Paris, a facility that he hopes will 
allow art and science to merge in equal parts and catalyze 
a new form of innovation. By focusing on the process of 
experimentation rather than the goals, Edwards believes 
that artists and scientists will be more inclined to work 
together and step out of the mainstream. Partnerships 
should allow the arts and sciences to feed off each other, 
find creativity in unexplored places, and drive an emerging 
dialogue between the leading thinkers of the two cultures. 
EFTA00588924
--- PAGE 3 ---
Ui08 An Intro EDIT.doc 
12731/69 
At the Serpentine Gallery in London last October, top-
tier scientists like physicist Neil Turok presented their 
work to some of the more scientifically-aware risk-takers 
of the art world like Francesca von Habsburg and Hans 
Ulrich Obrist. The attraction between art and science in 
2008 will only grow as new questions are asked of the 
relationship. "We might not know what the exact results 
will be," Edwards says, "but we know that artscience will 
benefit us culturally and educationally." 
As both the arts and sciences forge ahead into unmarked 
realms, the trend of interdisciplinary thinking is having 
an effect. Scientists and artists both realize the need to 
tap into new creative sources.—Don Hoyt Gorman 
EFTA00588925

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588926.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588926.pdf
----------------------------------------
BRISTOL 
ASSOCIAJES.
 SS 0 C IA TES. INC. 
VIA TELECOPY---
Wednesday, October 14, 2009 
Bank of America Leasing 
CIO Mr. Joe Carfagna 
Leading Edge Aviation 
RE: 
Gulfstream V serial number 
Gentlemen: 
Hyperion Air Inc. (the "Purchaser") hereby tenders its offer to purchase 
(the "Aircraft") from Bank of America Leasing Inc., (the "Seller") under the following 
terms and conditions: 
1. 
The purchase price shall be Nineteen Million, Seven Hundred and Fifty 
Thousand Dollars and No/100 ($19,750.000.00), payable by wire transfer of 
immediately available funds at time of delivery. 
2. 
Within one (1) business day of receipt of written notice of Seller's execution of 
this letter, Purchaser shall wire transfer to an escrow account with Insured 
Aircraft Title Service, a Good Faith deposit (the "Deposit") of $500,000.00 
pending satisfactory contracting and Purchasers initial and final inspection of 
the Aircraft. If either (i) the results of either of Purchaser's inspections are 
unsatisfactory to Purchaser, in its sole discretion or (ii) Purchaser and Seller are 
unable to reach agreement on the Definitive Purchase Contract, or (iii) Seller is 
unable to prove to Purchasers satisfaction that Seller holds good and 
merchantable title to the Aircraft, the $500,000.00 Deposit shall be refunded to 
Purchaser by Insured Aircraft Title Service. The Deposit shall become non-
refundable only by the terms of the final contract. The Aircraft shall be removed 
from the marketplace upon execution of this letter by Seller. 
3. 
Seller shall deliver the Aircraft to Purchaser free and clear of all liens, claims, 
taxes and encumbrances of every description whatsoever. Delivery shall occur 
at Wilmington, Delaware or such other place as the Parties agree at a mutually 
agreeable time and date, but in no event later than November 15, 2009. 
www.bristolassociores.com 
EFTA00588926
--- PAGE 2 ---
BRISTOL 
ASSOCIATES. INC. 
4. 
This letter agreement is subject to Purchasers initial inspection and acceptance 
of the Aircraft on or about October 20, 2009 and execution of a Definitive 
Purchase Agreement in a form acceptable to Seller and Purchaser and their 
Counsels within seven (7) working days of execution of this letter agreement. In 
the event the contract and initial inspection have not been finalized within seven 
(7) working days, and Seller and Purchaser should not mutually agree to extend 
the time, then the Deposit made hereunder shall be returned to Purchaser and 
this letter agreement, and any resulting obligations between the Parties shall 
immediately terminate. 
5. 
Seller agrees to deliver the Aircraft to Purchaser in an airworthy condition, 
including but not limited to the following items: 
a. The Aircraft shall include the equipment listed on the specifications. 
b. The Aircraft shall be airworthy in all respects and shall be current on the 
factory maintenance program. 
c. All issued airworthiness directives and mandatory service bulletins shall 
be complied with prior to delivery. 
d. The Aircraft shall have all systems functioning within normal 
manufacturer's limitations. 
e. The Aircraft shall have no major corrosion and no material damage 
history. 
f. The Aircraft shall include an FAA-approved aircraft flight manual, 
manufacturer's maintenance and inspection manual, a parts catalog, 
engine and airframe logs, all of which shall be current and complete from 
date of manufacture to date of closing, all interior and wiring diagrams 
and supporting technical publication, and all other documentation and 
technical information in Seller's possession or under its control relating to 
the Aircraft. 
g. Seller shall include with the Aircraft all available spare parts and tooling. 
6. 
Within three (3) days of execution of the Definitive Purchase Agreement, upon 
first available inspection slot thereafter, Seller shall move the Aircraft to a 
maintenance facility of Purchaser's choice where Purchaser, at its sole cost and 
discretion, shall cause the pre-purchase maintenance facility to perform a pre-
purchase inspection to determine that the Aircraft is in compliance with the 
terms and conditions of this letter agreement and that the Aircraft is acceptable 
www.bristolossociates.corn 
EFTA00588927
--- PAGE 3 ---
BRISTOL 
ASSOCIATES.
 SSOC/ATES. INC. 
to Purchaser. Said inspection shall include an acceptable flight test to 
determine that all systems are functioning properly in accordance with the 
manufacturer's operational criteria. 
Purchaser, at its sole discretion, shall either accept or reject the Aircraft by 300 
M. Eastern Time on the second working day following Purchaser's receipt of 
the pre-purchase maintenance facility's written report of results of the pre-
purchase inspection. Should the pre-purchase facility discover any 
discrepancies whose repair would be required in order for the Aircraft to comply 
with the Purchasers acceptance of the Aircraft, then Purchaser's acceptance of 
the Aircraft shall so note, and Seller shall be responsible for the correction of 
those discrepancies at its sole cost and responsibility prior to delivery of the 
Aircraft at closing. 
7. 
Purchaser and Seller agree that all aspects of this transaction including the pre-
purchase inspection, the terms and conditions and parties of this agreement and 
any ensuing purchase agreement shall remain confidential between the parties 
and their agents. 
8. 
No commissions are to paid to anyone with the exception of Bristol Associates, 
Inc. (the "Broker"), and Seller shall pay all such commissions and fees that may 
be due to Broker. Seller and Purchaser mutually represent and warrant that 
they have dealt with no other broker of finder in connection with this transaction 
and no other person is entitled to any commission or fee therefrom. Each party 
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless to other party from any loss, liability or 
expense as a result of any breach by such party of this warranty. 
9. 
This letter agreement shall expire if not accepted in writing by 4:00 PM Eastern 
Time on October 14, 2009. 
www.bristolassociates.com 
EFTA00588928
--- PAGE 4 ---
BRISTOL 
ASSOCIATES. INC. 
Very truly yours, 
AGREED AND ACCEPTED THIS 
DAY OF 
PURCHASER: 
SELLER: 
BY: 
BY: 
www.brostolossociates.com 
EFTA00588929

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588930.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588930.pdf
----------------------------------------
EPSTEIN - SUBPOENAS DUCES TECUM FOR EX POLICE CHIEF 
REITER AND RACAREY 
1. Any and all written reports, notes, memoranda or other papers 
authored by yourself or any other member of the WPB PD, whether in 
hard-copy or electronic form, that relates to any law enforcement 
investigation of Jeffrey Epstein including but not necessarily limited 
to the investigation that resulted in the filing of state criminal charges 
against him. This request includes any written communications 
between yourself, any other member of the WPB PD and any federal 
law enforcement agent, Assistant United States Attorney, 
representative of the media, civil party, civilian witness, lawyer for or 
parent of any civilian witness; 
2. Any and all e-mail communications between yourself and any of the 
following relating to any law enforcement investigation of Jeffrey 
Epstein including but not necessarily limited to the investigation that 
resulted in the filing of state criminal charges against him: (a) any 
other employee of the WPB PD, (b) any federal law enforcement 
agent or Assistant United States Attorney, (c) any employee of any 
print, television, or radio media, (d) any civilian witness or any parent 
of any civilian witness, (e) any attorney representing any civilian 
witness or civil party who filed or who potentially could file a civil 
complaint against Epstein; 
3. Any notes, memoranda or report reflecting communications with any 
counsel for Epstein, including but not limited to any requests for 
exculpatory evidence; 
4. Any notes, memoranda or report reflecting attempts to initiate or 
encourage a federal review of any facet of the Epstein investigation or 
state prosecution; 
5. Any notes, memoranda or report reflecting any complaints made to 
the WPB PD from any person or parent or lawyer for any person 
claiming to have been a victim of any conduct of Epstein or from any 
other private citizen of Palm Beach County; 
6. Any notes, memoranda or report reflecting communications with 
in relation to her being subpoenad to a state grand 
jury, relating to any grand jury testimony that was sought or 
discouraged by any law enforcement or prosecutorial official, or 
regarding any contact with Hall relating to any investigation of 
Epstein 
EFTA00588930
--- PAGE 2 ---
7. Any and all notes, memoranda, or report of meetings or 
communication 
or either parent of or lawyer for 
either parent of 
8. Any and all record of all expenditures and all requests for 
expenditures relating to the criminal investigation of Epstein 
9. Any and all logs, pictures, videos, digital information, reports, 
memoranda or notes and any record of expenditure relating to the 
installment and maintaining of video surveillance of Epstein or his 
residence or his visitors 
10.Any and all reports, including forensic reports, memoranda, notes, and 
reports of any examination of any computer seized from Epstein's 
residence in October of 2005 or on any other occasion 
11.Any reports, memoranda or notes reflecting a criminal theft or 
burglary investigation of Epstein or his residence on an occasion prior 
to October 2005 
12.Any and all cellphone records, for both any official or personal 
cellphones, used between January 2005 and the present 
13.Any and all calendars or diaries, electronic or hard-copy, kept for the 
period between January 2005 and January 2008 
14. Any and all reports, memoranda, notes of any communications with 
any member of the State Attorney's Office relating to the criminal 
investigation or prosecution of Epstein 
EFTA00588931

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588932.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588932.pdf
----------------------------------------
Execution Conv 
iNEWCOI LLC 
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT TERMS 
The following terms and conditions are non-binding. These terms and conditions should not be construed as 
a commitment by the Investors to invest. The terms are subject to market conditions, other internal 
approvals, and satisfactory completion of commercial, accounting and legal due diligence. Except as 
provided in the paragraph below entitled "Binding Provisions," no binding obligation will arise on the part of 
any party unless and until the Definitive Documents (as defined below) are executed and delivered. 
BASIC INVESTMENT TERMS 
Issuer: 
[NEWCO], LLC, a newly-formed Delaware limited liability company (the 
"Company" or the "Issuer"). 
Investors: 
COR Development Group, Inc and related parallel investment vehicles 
(collectively, "COR") and other investors satisfactory to COR and the 
Founders (collectively, the "Investors"). 
Founders: 
and 
Purpose: 
To acquire, develop and exploit unconventional oil and gas properties 
primarily in the United States and Canada. 
Capital Structure 
Capital Commitment; 
Commitment Period 
The Company's equity capital structure will initially consist of common units 
("Common Units") and incentive units representing a carried interest in the 
profits of the Company (the "Incentive Units"). The Common Units will be 
capital interests. The Incentive Units will be structured as profits interests and 
reserved for issuance to key employees. The Incentive Units will be issued 
pursuant to separate Incentive Unit Agreements between the Company and 
each key employee. Such agreements will contain vesting provisions, transfer 
restrictions and other customary terms. The Incentive Units will be issued in 
different series (e.g. Series I Incentive Units), and each series of Incentive 
Units will have a "threshold value" that operates similar to an option exercise 
price. The threshold value applicable to any series of Incentive Units will be 
set so the unit qualifies as a profits interests for federal income tax purposes. 
For example, the threshold value of each of the Incentive Units granted at or 
around the initial closing would be $1,000 (i.e. the price per Common Unit 
issued at the initial closing). 
On the terms set forth in the definitive Limited Liability Agreement of the 
Company, during the three year period following the initial closing (the 
"Commitment Period"), the Investors would commit to purchase up to 
500,000 Common Units for a cash contribution to the Company of $1,000 per 
Common Unit. The Investors' commitment to contribute to the capital of the 
Company is referred to herein as its "Commitment' and the Investors' 
aggregate commitment of $500 million is referred to as its "Commitment 
Amount." 
The Commitment Period would terminate before such third anniversary if a 
change of control occurs or if the Company is unable to acquire projects in 
sufficient number or size (as determined by the Board of Managers of the 
Company (the "Board")) to justify continuing the Commitments. 
Funding of capital contributions would be pursuant to annual operating and 
capital budgets, in each case, approved by the Board, which budgets will be 
Draft 6/07109 
EFTA00588932
--- PAGE 2 ---
reviewed on a quarterly basis (as approved, the "Annual Budget'). Significant 
variances from particular line item in any Annual Budget would require further 
Board approval even if such variances do not cause such Annual Budget to be 
exceeded. Once a proposed budget is approved by the Board, management 
would have the authority to conduct the day to day operations of the Company 
within such Annual Budget. 
Initial Capital Contributions: 
Profits Interest Pool 
The Investors would have the ability to contribute any portion of their 
unfunded Commitment immediately prior to a change of control transaction. 
The Company would not raise additional equity capital from sources other than 
the Investors at any time the Investors' unfunded Commitments are positive. 
At the closing, the Investors would purchase, on a pro rata basis in accordance 
with their respective unfunded Commitments, a sufficient number of Common 
Units to fund (i) the Company's start up expenses, (ii) any pending 
acquisitions or investments agreed to by the Investors and (iii) general and 
administrative expenses pursuant to the initial Annual Budget which will be 
approved contemporaneously with the initial closing. At the initial closing, at 
the option of the Founders, the Company shall reimburse the Founders for their 
reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses in developing this 
investment opportunity or issue Common Units to the Founders in the amount 
thereof or any combination of the two as requested by the Founders. In 
addition, in consideration of a satisfactory release and discharge from any 
entity associated with the Founders or from any person associated with such 
entity of any other claims or interests at the initial closing, the Company shall 
reimburse any entity associated with the Founders or from any person 
associated with such entity for its reasonable and documented out of pocket 
expenses in developing this investment opportunity. 
The Incentive Units, in the aggregate, entitle the holders thereof to 50% of the 
profits as described in the "Distribution Waterfall" section below. Out of this 
50%, the Incentive Units shall be granted and shall vest as follows: 
• 
30% would be issued to  
 and 20°A, would be 
issued to 
. The Founders would be 1/3 vested 
at closing, and 2/3 would time vest on an annual basis over 3 years 
with 
respect 
to 
both 
and 
• 
The balance would be available for future grants to management and 
would time vest on an annual basis over 5 years. 
Unvested Incentive Units shall be entitled to participate in distributions to 
Members in accordance with the below distribution waterfall but would be 
forfeitable upon termination of employment. Acceleration of vesting of 
unvested Incentive Units shall occur upon and only upon the occurrence of a 
sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries 
or the sale of all or substantially all of the equity of the Company. 
Any Incentive Units which have not been granted at the time of a change of 
control transaction shall be granted pro rata to the holders of Incentive Units 
then actively engaged in the business of the Company. 
Distributions: 
The amount and timing of all distributions to the holders of Common Units 
and Incentive Units (collectively, the "Members") would be at the discretion 
plewcol, LLC 
TERM EllEET 
Draft 6107109 
EFTA00588933
--- PAGE 3 ---
of the Board, but all funds available for distribution (including those from 
operations, sale of assets, on liquidation or by reason of any liquidity event) 
would be distributed in the following amounts and order of priority: 
First, 50% of available funds for distribution shall be distributed to the holders 
of Common Units until each holder of Common Units has received cumulative 
distributions under this second tier, for each Common Unit held thereby, in the 
amount of $1,000. (Tier 2) 
Second, the remaining available funds shall distributed as follows: (i) the 
Incentive Pool Percentage of the available cash shall be distributed the holders 
of Eligible Incentive Units and (ii) the Capital Interest Percentage shall be 
distributed to the holders of Common Units (Tier 3). 
"Capital Interest Percentage" means, as of any date of determination, I00% 
minus the Incentive Pool Percentage. 
"Eligible Incentive Unit' means any Incentive Unit that has a threshold value 
(i.e., strike price) equal to or less than the cumulative distributions previously 
made in respect of any Common Unit under Tiers I, 2 and 3 of the waterfall. 
"Incentive Pool Percentage" means, as of any date of distribution, 50%. 
To the extent the Board determines the Company has available funds on hand, 
before the Company makes any distribution with respect to any fiscal year 
under the above distribution waterfall, the Company will make annual cash 
distributions to its Members to satisfy tax liability arising from the cumulative 
net income of the Company allocated to the Members during such fiscal year 
and preceding fiscal years. 
GOVERNANCE 
PROVISIONS 
Board of Directors: 
Member Voting Rights: 
Protective Provisions: 
The Company will be managed by a board of directors (the "Board") 
comprised of up to eight managers of which one will be designated by the 
Investors and seven will be directors acceptable to the Investors and the 
Founders.  
 and the Company's President would also 
serve on the Board so long as they remain actively involved in the business. 
The Investors shall be permitted to include non-voting Board observers at 
Board meetings. 
Incentive Units shall be non-voting. Action by the Members shall require the 
vote or approval of the holders of a majority of the Common Units. 
In addition to any required Board approval, the Company will not take certain 
actions, including those listed below, without the affirmative vote or approval 
of the Investors: 
(i) the sale by the Company of all or substantially all of its assets or any 
merger of the Company with another entity (whether or not such transaction 
results in a change of control); 
INEwcol, LLC 
TERM SHEET 
Draft 6/07/09 
EFTA00588934
--- PAGE 4 ---
(ii) the acquisition of oil and gas properties (and interests therein) or 
undeveloped land acquisitions; 
(iii) the liquidation or dissolution of the Company or the commencement of, or 
any decision not to take action for the prevention of, any bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceedings involving the Company or its subsidiaries; 
(iv) the amendment of the Company's limited liability company agreement 
(including by way of merger, consolidation or conversion); 
(v) an initial public offering; 
(vi) any transaction with affiliates of the Company; 
(vii) the issuance of any membership interests or units; 
(viii) the repurchase of units; 
(ix) the sale of a material portion of the Company's assets; 
(x) the Company's incurrence of material debt (other than pursuant to any 
Annual Budget); and 
(xi) approval of any Annual Budget. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall be permitted (without the 
prior vote or approval of the Investors) to make land acquisitions and to incur 
expenses related therewith provided that the amounts spent thereon do not 
exceed an annual threshold to be agreed. 
CERTAIN MEMBER 
EOUITY RIGHTS 
Preemptive Rights: 
Transfer Restrictions: 
Right of First Refusal: 
Co-Sale Rights 
Draft 6/07109 
In the event the Company proposes to issue any equity securities (other than 
the Common Units to be issued to the Investors in exchange for its 
Commitment, securities issued as consideration in approved acquisitions, 
Incentive Units and other customary exceptions), each holder of Units that is 
an accredited investor shall have the right to purchase its pro rata portion of 
such securities. Any security not subscribed for by an eligible party will be 
reallocated among the other eligible parties. 
Incentive Units shall not be transferable except to certain family members or 
family trusts for estate planning purposes or in connection with a liquidity 
event. 
Except for certain permitted transfers or transfers in connection with a liquidity 
event, before any holder of Common Units transfers any of its Common Units, 
such holder shall first offer to sell such securities to the other Members who 
are accredited investors (other than holders of Incentive Units) on a pro rata 
basis and on the same price and terms offered by the proposed buyer. 
In the event the holders of a majority of Common Units approve a sale of all or 
substantially all of the assets of the Company, a change of control transaction 
iNewcol, LLC 
TERM SHEET 
EFTA00588935
--- PAGE 5 ---
and Drag-Along Obligations: 
Conversion Rights: 
Registration Rights: 
I nformation Rights: 
DOCUMENTATION AND 
MISCELLANEOUS 
Definitive Documents: 
Conditions to Closing: 
(by stock deal, merger, recap or otherwise) or conversion of the Company into 
a different type of business entity (such as a corporation) and such transaction 
is approved by the Investors (so long as it has the approval rights described 
above), all of the other holders of Units shall be required to participate in, vote 
in favor of and waive all dissenters' rights with respect to such transaction. 
The total consideration received in any such transaction shall be pooled and 
then distributed according to the priorities and amounts required by the 
distribution waterfall described above. 
In the event any holder of Common Units proposes to transfer any of such 
Units to any third-party (i.e. persons other than permitted transferees), other 
holders of Common Units may participate in such sale by including a pro rata 
share of the Common Units held thereby in such sale. Customary tag-along 
exceptions would be incorporated. 
Notwithstanding the previous provisions, immediately prior to the effective 
date of any initial public offering (an "IPO"), at the discretion of the Board, all 
outstanding Units shall be exchanged for common stock in a newly formed 
corporation. The number of shares of common stock issued in respect of any 
class or series of Units shall be determined by calculating the pre-IPO equity 
value of the Company based on the common stock price to the public in the 
IPO and distributing such value to all holders of Units in the same amounts 
and priorities as described in the distribution waterfall above. Common stock 
issued in exchange for unvested Incentive Units will be subject to parallel 
vesting or forfeiture provisions. 
At any time after the consummation of an IPO, the Investors will have 
customary demand registrations rights, piggy back registration rights and Rule 
144 compliance requirements. The Investors will have priority with respect to 
underwriters' cutbacks in all registrations initiated by such investors upon 
exercise of their demand registration rights. The Company will bear all 
expenses of a registration, other than underwriting discounts. 
The Investors shall have the right to visit the Company's facilities and meet 
with management upon reasonable notice and receive customary information, 
notices, budgets and financial reports. 
The definitive documentation memorializing the terms of the investment 
contemplated by this Term Sheet shall include a Subscription Agreement, a 
Limited Liability Company Agreement and related agreements (the 
"Definitive Documents"). The Investors will submit an initial draft of the 
Definitive Documents as soon as practicable after the execution of this Term 
Sheet and completion of sufficient due diligence to warrant moving to the 
Definitive Documentation stage. 
(1) 
The Investors shall be satisfied with their financial, legal and tax due 
diligence. 
(ii) 
The Definitive Documents shall be entered into in form and substance 
piewcol, LLC 
TERM SHEET 
Draft 6/07/09 
EFTA00588936
--- PAGE 6 ---
satisfactory to the Investors and the Founders. 
(iii) 
Final approval of investment committees of the Investors. 
(iv) 
The Company shall have identified a Chief Executive Officer 
satisfactory to the Investors and the Founders. 
Fees and Expenses: 
Exclusivity: 
Right to Conduct Activities: 
Binding Provisions: 
Draft 6r 07 09 
At the closing, the Company will pay or reimburse the reasonable, out-of-
pocket fees and expenses (including legal and accounting fees and expenses) 
of the Investors and the Founders incurred in connection with the formation of 
the Company and the negotiation of the Definitive Agreements. Thereafter, the 
Company shall reimburse the Investors for their reasonable, out of pocket 
expenses incurred in connection with administering or enforcing its rights 
under the Definitive Agreements, amendments to such agreements, monitoring 
its investment in the Company, and any other material event affecting the 
Company (e.g. a sale transaction, private placement or public offering). 
The Company will reimburse the members of the Board and the Board 
observers for travel, lodging and other customary expenses incurred in 
connection with serving in such capacities. 
The Company acknowledges that the Investors will devote substantial time 
and will incur out-of-pocket expenses in connection with conducting 
confirmatory due diligence and arranging the transactions contemplated 
hereby. To induce the Investors to incur such time and expenses, the Founders 
hereby agree that from the date this Term Sheet is executed until the date that 
is 30 days after the date hereof (the "Exclusivity Period"), the Founders shall 
not, nor shall they permit their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, 
managers, officers, employees, advisors, agents or family members to, directly 
or indirectly, (A) initiate, solicit, encourage, discuss, negotiate or accept any 
inquiries, proposals or offers (whether initiated by them or otherwise) with 
respect to the matters addressed herein (a "Potential Transaction") 
(B) provide information to any other party, or review information of any other 
party, in connection with a Potential Transaction or (C) enter into any contract, 
agreement or arrangement with any party, concerning or relating to a Potential 
Transaction. 
In the event that Issuer or any of its affiliates receives an 
unsolicited inquiry, proposal or offer with respect to a Potential Transaction, 
or obtains information that such an inquiry, proposal or offer is likely to be 
made, the Founders will provide COR with immediate notice thereof, and will 
notify COR immediately of any subsequent developments with respect to such 
inquiries, proposals or offers, which notices shall include the terms of, and the 
identity of the person or persons making, such inquiry, proposal or offer. 
The Company acknowledges that COR is managing private equity funds that 
invest in portfolio companies in various industries including companies that 
may compete with the Company. The Definitive Agreements will reflect that, 
subject to its confidentiality obligation, COR shall have no responsibility to 
direct any investment opportunity to the Company nor shall COR be restricted 
in any manner from pursuing any such opportunity for its own account. 
The parties hereto agree that the provisions entitled "Exclusivity," 
"Confidentiality" and "Governing Law" within this Term Sheet are binding. 
All others are non-binding. 
plewcol, LLC 
TERM SHEET 
EFTA00588937
--- PAGE 7 ---
Confidentiality: 
Neither this Term Sheet nor its substance, in whole or in part, will be disclosed 
publicly or privately except with the written consent of COR and the 
Founders; provided, COR may disclose this Term Sheet to prospective 
investors. 
Governing Law: 
This Term Sheet shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of 
Colorado. The Definitive Agreements shall be governed by the internal laws 
of the State of Delaware. 
Agreed and Accepted as of 
2009: 
COR Development Group, Inc. 
By: 
INEwcol, LLC 
TERM SHEET 
Draft 6/07109 
EFTA00588938

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588939.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588939.pdf
----------------------------------------
Marcellus Development 
Investor Proposal 
June 16, 2009 
EFTA00588939
--- PAGE 2 ---
PRELIMINARY NOTICES 
THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL. OR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY, ANY OF THE SECURITIES 
REFERENCED HEREIN. THIS DOCUMENT IS SOLELY INTENDED TO DETERMINE, ON A NON-BINDING BASIS, WHETHER THE RECIPIENT HAS AN 
INTEREST IN THE POTENTIAL FUTURE OFFERING DESCRIBED HEREIN. NO OFFERING OF SECURITIES IS INTENDED TO BE, NOR SHALL IT BE 
CONSTRUED AS BEING, MADE BY THIS SOLICITATION OF INTERESTS. ANY OFFERING OF INTERESTS WILL ONLY BE MADE PURSUANT TO 
OFFERING MATERIALS PREPARED AND DISTRIBUTED TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS. EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE AN "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" 
(AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN RULE 501 OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IN REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933). EACH ADDRESSEE THAT REVIEWS THE INFORMATION CONTAINED BEHIND THIS COVER SHALL BE DEEMED 
THEREBY TO CONFIRM THE ADVICE SUCH PERSON PREVIOUSLY FURNISHED TO NEWCO ENERGY. LLC THAT SUCH PERSON IS AN 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR. 
This Memorandum is confidential and has been prepared by Newco Energy, LLC solely for use in connection with the solicitation of indications of interest in a 
possible private placement of interests in a drilling venture involving oil and gas properties in the Marcellus shale. Newco Energy, LLC has not made any decision to 
proceed with the venture or the offer of interests therein, and reserves the right to determine not to proceed with any such offering, to disregard any indication of 
interest from any potential investor, or to reject any offer to purchase interests in an entity that may pursue oil and gas opportunities in the Marcellus shale, in whole 
or in part, for any reason or (or no reason. This document is personal to each offeree and does not constitute the solicitation of an indication of interest or an offer to 
any other person or to the public generally to subscribe for or otherwise acquire interests in any entity that Newco Energy, LLC may use to pursue potential 
opportunities in the Marcellus shale. Distribution of this document to any person other than the addressee and those persons, if any, retained to advise 
such addressee with respect thereto, is unauthorized, and any such disclosure of any of its contents without the prior written consent of NewcoEnergy, LLC is 
prohibited. Each person who accepts delivery of this document agrees to the foregoing and to base such person's indication of interest and any ultimate investment 
decision solely on this document and any offering materials that Newco Energy, LLC may provide to such person for such purpose and upon such person's own 
examination and the terms of any offering of interests that may be made following the indications of interest Any indication of interest by an addressee shall be non-
binding; any binding commitment to be made only following the delivery to the addressee of a formal offering materials describing the terms of the offering and the 
submission by the addressee of a completed offer to subscribe to the interests described in such memorandum and acceptance of such offer by Newco Energy, LLC on 
the terms and subject to the conditions to be set forth in such offering memorandum and subscription document. 
No representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by or on behalf of Newco Energy, LLC as to the accuracy or completeness of the information set forth 
herein, and nothing contained in this document is, or shall be relied upon as, a promise or representation, whether as to the past or the future. 
ANY ADDRESSEE MAY ASK QUESTIONS AND RECEIVE ANSWERS CONCERNING THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS INVESTMENT 
OPPORTUNITY DESCRIBED HEREIN OR REQUEST ADDITIONAL INFORMATION TO VERIFY THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN BY 
CALLING NEWCO ENERGY. LLC AT ANDRAY MINING. DAVID PRUSHNOK AT 814-603-3644. MIDEAST GAS. MARK THOMPSON AT 724-422-2002 OR 
TERRELL A DOBKINS AT 303-808-6222. ADDRESSEES SHOULD NOT CONSTRUE THE CONTENTS OF THIS DOCUMENT OR ANY SUBSEQUENT 
OFFERING MEMORANDUM PERTAINING TO THE INTERESTS OFFERED THEREIN AS INVESTMENT, TAX OR LEGAL ADVICE. IF NEWCO ENERGY. 
LLC DETERMINES TO OFFER INTERESTS FOR SALE AND PREPARES AND DISTRIBUTES TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS OFFERING MATERIALS 
DESCRIBING THE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, SUCH OFFERING MATERIALS, AS WELL AS THE NATURE OF AN INVESTMENT IN 
THE INTERESTS OFFERED THEREBY, SHOULD BE REVIEWED BY EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR, HIS OR HER INVESTMENT, TAX AND OTHER 
ADVISORS, AND HIS OR HER ACCOUNTANTS OR LEGAL COUNSEL. 
ANY INTERESTS THAT MAY SUBSEQUENTLY BE OFFERED WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAWS 
OF CERTAIN STATES AND WILL BE OFFERED AND SOLD IN RELIANCE ON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF SAID 
ACT AND SUCH LAWS. SUCH INTERESTS WILL BE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE 
TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER SAID ACT AND SUCH LAWS PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION 
THEREFROM. ANY PERSON THAT ELECTS TO INVEST IN SUCH INTERESTS WILL BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISK OF SUCH 
INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. NEITHER THE DELIVERY OF THIS DOCUMENT NOR ANY SALE MADE HEREUNDER OF THE 
SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN SHALL UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES IMPLY THAT THE INFORMATION HEREIN IS CORRECT AS OF ANY DATE 
SUBSEQUENT TO THE DATE HEREOF. 
EFTA00588940
--- PAGE 3 ---
Why the Marcellus Shale? 
• The Marcellus is one of the most economic Unconventional Gas Plays in 
the country today for several reasons: 
— The play is within a few hundred miles of a large portion of the population of the 
United States. This results in a premium price for the gas produced of about fifty cents 
over NYMEX. 
— The play covers millions of acres and is reasonably priced due to the downturn in 
leasing activity. 
— The finding costs are reported to be well below $2/mcf based on recent press 
releases by the most active operators. 
— Initial rates of 6 to over 20 mmcfd have been reported in the play recently. See the 
press release below by Range. We used average rates of 3.3 mmcfd for each 
horizontal well in our projections, based on published public data. 
— The initial challenges with permitting and environmental concerns are rapidly being 
addressed by local regulators so drilling and production can go forward. 
— Pipeline and gas processing infrastructure continues to be developed to 
accommodate existing and future production. 
EFTA00588941
--- PAGE 4 ---
Excerpt from Range Resources Press 
Release 
Range Achieves 24th Consecutive Quarter of Production Growth 
FORT WORTH, TEXAS, JANUARY 21, 2009...RANGE RESOURCES CORPORATION (NYSE: RRC) 
"During the fourth quarter, the Marcellus Shale division continued to make outstanding progress. Since late 
October 2008, 10 new Marcellus horizontal wells have been brought online to a new gas processing plant. 
The 24-hour initial production rate for those 10 wells averaged 7.3 Mmcfe per day. Of those, seven had 
initial production rates of 3.5 Mmcfe per day or more, while three had initial rates of 9 Mmcfe per day or 
more. 
The best well had an initial rate of 24.5 Mmcfe per day. Current Marcellus production is approximately 35 
Mmcfe per day net and is constrained by current processing capacity. Eight of the wells have now been 
online for more than 30 days, and the 30-day average of those eight wells is 4.3 Mmcfe per day, with the 
highest volume well averaging 9.6 Mmcfe per day. 
Currently there are 13 wells, including nine horizontals that have been fraced and are waiting on processing 
capacity expansion before they are turned to sales. In late March or early April 2009, processing capacity is 
expected to expand from 30 to 60 Mmcf per day. Additional expansions are planned that would bring 
processing capacity to 180 Mmcf per day by late 2009 or early 2010. 
At least 50 horizontal wells are anticipated to be drilled in 2009. The targeted production exit rate for 2009 is 
- 100 Mmcfe per day net." 
EFTA00588942
--- PAGE 5 ---
Marcellus Land Acquisition 
Proposal Details 
• We propose to lease up to 80,000 acres in the Pennsylvania 
Marcellus in 2009 while costs are low. 
We have targeted buy areas with the desired Marcellus depth, 
thickness and thermal maturity . 
The focus is on blocked up acreage that is close to pipelines and 
areas of current testing and development. 
Most of this acreage has been identified, negotiated and has title 
work complete. 
Current lease bonuses range from $100 to $200 per acre per year for 
year leases with 15% Royalties. 
We propose to expand leasing efforts in areas of best results. 
Over 80,000 acres have been identified as available to lease across 
the target area. 
Land costs of $8 million per year are built into the economic model. 
EFTA00588943
--- PAGE 6 ---
Marcellus Fairway Outline 
4O0 
Appalachian 
Basin 
Province 
Extent of 
Devonian 
Shale 
ED 
Minimum 
Petroleum System 
Mature 
Source 
Rock 
Georgia 
v-ry
General Lease Area Selected on Gas Content, Porosity, TOC, Maturity, 
Pressure, Production History and Avoidance of Known Hazards. 
400 Miles 
Modified From USGS Map 
EFTA00588944
--- PAGE 7 ---
The Best Well Locations Are in the Best 
Minimum Shale 
Depth for Maturity 
and Pressure 
• 
Our 
Marcellus 
Fairway 
I 
Limit of uplift 
disturbance 
tolerance to 
minimize 
Drilling costs 
Newco Energy 
map of 
generalized 
, prospect limits 
with some 
variables 
\ identified. 
Depth Maximum-1—
EFTA00588945
--- PAGE 8 ---
Marcellus Drilling Permits Compared with 
Preferred Lease Fairway & Current Offerings 
Four Current 
Lease Offerings, ;, 
C) 
Anadarko 
O 
Atlas 
• 
Cabot 
• 
Chesapeake 
O 
Chief 
• 
CNX 
• 
Dominion 
East Resources 
EOG 
Equitable 
Fortuna 
• 
O
• • 
O 
O 
North Coast 
PGE 
Petroedge 
Range Resources 
Seneca Resources 
Southwestern 
Stone 
Turm 
Ultra 
XTO 
EFTA00588946
--- PAGE 9 ---
Establishment of an Operating Entity in the Marcellus 
Marcellus Energy Operating Company, Ltd. ("MEOC") will be formed by Mideast Oil, Andray Mining and an oil and 
gas operating entity through Terrell A Dobkins as a Delaware Limited Partnership. MEOC will hold title to the oil 
and gas leases and will be the entity that the Investor Group will invest in. 
The Investor Group ("IG") will initially be a general partner in MEOC in order to qualify as an active investor in the 
partnership for Federal income tax purposes, but will revert to limited partnership status after a period of time. 
Marcellx Energy Company, LLC (MEC) will also be formed by Mideast Oil, Andray Mining and an operating entity 
through Terrell A. Dobkins and will be a general partner. MarcellX Energy Company will be the managing general 
partner of MEOC and will receive a management fee for managing the partnership. 
MEOC will allocate profit and losses in the following manner: 
100% of losses will be allocated to the IG, until equity has been consumed, since that is the funding source, in order 
for the IG to recognize losses for income tax purposes. 
Profits and subsequent losses will be allocated 25% to NEC and 75% to the IG. 
Since tax losses to the IG will be substantial in the early years due to the deductibility of intangible drilling costs, the 
after tax IRR to the IG will very likely be significantly greater than the before tax IRR. The impact on each investor 
will vary depending upon individual circumstances. 
Cash distributions will be made as cash is available. However, it is unlikely that any cash distributions will be made 
before the sale of the properties since all cash generated will very likely be used to fund development of the 
properties. Cash distributions will be made annually as required to meet tax obligations that may occur if there is 
taxable income in any year. 
EFTA00588947
--- PAGE 10 ---
Operational Plan Overview 
• Lease in three to four geographic areas to spread out 
risk and opportunity. 
• Drill 6 vertical wells and one horizontal well in 2009 to 
test and evaluate each area. 
• Begin a continuous drilling program, ramping up slowly, 
in 2010 based on testing results and economics. 
• Monetize the assets by 2016 through an asset sale or 
public offering. 
EFTA00588948
--- PAGE 11 ---
Economic Projection Summary 
• Objective: Build $1.67 billion enterprise value within 7 years. 
• Investor capital $210 million total, consisting of $25 million in 2009, $46 
million in 2010, $102 million in 2011, $38 million in 2012 and use cash 
flow thereafter. 
• Establish gas sales in 2009 by drilling near existing pipelines with excess 
capacity. 
• Projected before tax IRR for investor estimated to be greater than 40% 
at current gas pricing. 
• Investor Distribution in 2016 of $1.46 billion 
EFTA00588949
--- PAGE 12 ---
Resolution of Early Marcellus 
Development Challenges 
• Pipeline and treatment capacity — actively being solved with pipeline 
and plant construction. 
• Permitting — Pennsylvania is streamlining the permitting process. 
Recognized by operator groups as on target for what is needed. 
• Waste water management — Implementation of new and existing 
technology , not currently in use in the area, will dramatically 
improve water handling in the near future. 
• Lease Costs — High lease costs seen in 2008 have dramatically 
reduced in the past 12 months. 
• Lack of equipment, services and personnel-Service companies are 
rapidly providing the rigs, services and personnel that are 
appropriate for the changing needs. 
EFTA00588950
--- PAGE 13 ---
Economic Model Assumption 
Marcellus Well Details 
Vertical Wells 
Horizontal Wells 
• 
$1.5 Million total cost per well 
— 
$1.0 million drilling 
— 
$0.5 million completion 
— 
Use as "pilot" wells 
— 
Collect geo-technical data 
• Helps with completion designs 
• Data provides insight to improvement 
going forward 
• 
EUR: 1.0 Bcf 
— 
Based on surrounding operator average 
performance 
• 
Operating Costs: $2,000/well/month 
• 
Separate water disposal cost of 
$6.00/Bbl 
Initial Phase: $4.0 Million per well 
— 
$2.5 Million drilling 
— 
$1.5 Million completion 
• Run logs to gather formation data 
• Use microseismic to optimize 
completion techniques 
• 
Development Phase: $3.5 Million per 
well 
— 
$2.0 Million drilling 
— 
$1.5 Million completion 
• Use earlier learnings to develop 
Marcellus without using logs or 
microseismic 
— 
Similar costs compared to other 
operators (Cabot, Range, etc.) 
• 
EUR: 3.2 Bcf 
— 
Based on surrounding operator average 
performance 
• 
Operating Costs: $2,000/well/month 
• 
Separate water disposal cost of 
$6.00/Bbl 
EFTA00588951
--- PAGE 14 ---
Marcellus Commodity 
Price Forecasting Assumptions 
• Gas Pricing 
— Henry-Hub as of 4/17/09 pricing futures 
• 2009 average: $4.37/MMBtu 
• 5-year average: $6.525/MMBtu 
• 1100 Btu/cf average used in projections 
• Gathering/Transportation Fees 
— Fees for gathering company are 10% of wellhead production 
• Offset operator fees seen in Marcellus gas gathering 
• Taxes 
— Production Taxes: 3.0% (assumed, none exist today) 
EFTA00588952
--- PAGE 15 ---
Marcellus Initial Phase Schedule 
• 
Second half of 2009 
— Lease approximately 40,000 acres of leases in three areas. 
• 
July and August of 2009 
- Begin initial phase with vertical well drilling. 
• 
October and November of 2009 
- Drill first horizontal well and run science tools to optimize completions. 
— Flow test and evaluate data and results. 
- Shoot 3-D seismic over some leases to assess geo-hazards. 
• 3-month task to shoot and analyze prior to development of acreage. 
• 
December of 2009 
— Drill vertical pilot wells in different areas of Marcellus acreage. 
— Complete vertical wells and begin preparations for horizontal 
development 
— Drill first horizontal well in the area of best results. 
EFTA00588953
--- PAGE 16 ---
Marcellus Development Phase 
Schedule 
• 2010 Schedule 
- First half: Move in 1st rig and begin horizontal drilling 
program. 
— Second half: Move in 2 nd rig to accelerate drilling 
• 2011 Schedule 
- Second Quarter: Add Tel rig to continue development 
— Third Quarter: Add 4th rig to continue development 
— Fourth Quarter: Add 5th rig to continue development 
• 2012 Schedule 
— Move in 6th rig to continue development 
• 2013 Schedule 
— Continue drilling acreage with 6 rigs 
EFTA00588954
--- PAGE 17 ---
Marcellus Capital Cost Forecast 
Note: these figures vary from the source and use of funds table below year to year due to well completion carry overs at 
year end. The overall totals match 
2009 
Land Acquisition Begins 
S8.0tyltyl 
Overhead 
S3.0tyltyl 
Shoot 3-D seismic over acreage to prepare for development 
S1.5tyltyl 
Drill 6 Vertical Wells 
S9.0tyltyl 
— 
Analysis of cores. completions. and flow tests 
Drill first horizontal well, test and analyze individual results 
54.4MM 
— 
Using micrososmic. logs. els. 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
Dry Hole 
$2.8MM11 
Aqftlysis of collected data and results 
SO 4WINI 
2009 Total Expenditures: 
Continued Leasing Costs 
$8.0MM 
Overhead 
$3.0MM 
Move in and drill 6 horizontal wells with 1u rig 
$24.0MM 
Move in 2nd rig in 2O and drill 4 horizontal wells 
514.0MM 
Dry Holes, extra testing and mechanical problems in early wells 
$6.6MM 
2010 Total Expenditures: 
$29.1MM 
$55.6MM 
Continued Leasing Costs 
$8.0MM 
Overhead 
$3.0MM 
Drill 24 horizontal wells with two rigs 
584MM 
Move in 3rd rig in 2O and drill 9 horizontal wells 
$31.5MM 
Move in 4th rig in 3O and drill 6 horizontal wells 
$21MM 
Move in 5th rig in 4O and drill 3 horizontal wells 
$10.5MM 
Dry Holes 
$5.6MM 
2011 Total Expenditures: 
$163.6MM 
Continued Leasing Costs 
$8.0MM 
Overhead 
$3.0MM 
Continue drilling program with 6 rigs 
$252.0MM 
Dry Holes 
55.6MM 
2012 Total Expenditures: 
Continued Leasing Costs 
$8.0MM 
Overhead 
$3.0MM 
Continue developing remaining acreage with 6 rigs and 36 horizontal wells 
$126.0MM 
Dry Holes 
55.6MM 
2013 Total Expenditures: 
$268.6MM 
$142.6MM 
Project Total Expenditures: $659.5MM 
EFTA00588955
--- PAGE 18 ---
Projected Production and Cash Flow 
Year 
Net Gas 
MMCF 
Wells on 
Sales 
Cash Flow 
from 
Operation, 
$ millions 
Capital, $ 
millions 
Net 
Cumulative 
Cash Flow, 
$ millions 
2009 
477 
1.3 
29.1 
-27.8 
2010 
3,567 
19.7 
66.8 
-74.9 
2011 
13,151 
85.1 
186.0 
-175.8 
2012 
33,681 
131 
231.4 
268.6 
-213.0 
2013 
48,521 
203 
342.8 
270.1 
-138.8 
2014 
59,379 
275 
422.2 
270.4 
23.4 
2015 
68,291 
347 
484.6 
270.6 
248.0 
2016 
76.980 
419 
537.4 
262.6 
533.4 
EFTA00588956
--- PAGE 19 ---
Capitalization of Marcellus Energy Operating 
Company, LP Assumptions 
1. 
It is assumed that Marcellus Energy Operating Company, LP will be initially capitalized with 
approximately $210 million of equity from the Investor Group. This amount will be funded 
over a four year period, currently estimated as follows: 
♦ Year 2009 = $25 million 
♦ Year 2010 = $46 million ♦ Year 2011 = $102 million ♦ Year 2012 = $37 million 
2. 
All cash flow from operations (revenue less taxes and lease operating expenses) will be 
used to fund capital expense. 
3. 
Based on the cash flow model, the project is expected to begin funding itself from cash flow 
in 2012. 
4. 
The sale of the company is planned for the time when the majority of the undeveloped 
acreage is proven up as "PDP's" and PUD's. This maximizes the sale value potential. 
EFTA00588957
--- PAGE 20 ---
Source and Use of Funds 
(amounts in $millions) 
Use of Funds 
Year 
CAPEX 
Interest 
Annual Total Cumulative 
Source of Funds 
Equity 
Cash Flow 
Debt 
Annual Total 
Incremental 
Debt 
Cumulative 
Availability 
2009 $ 
29.1 
$ 
29.1 
29.1 
$ 
28.0 $ 
1.3 
$ 
29.3 
29.3 
2010 $ 
66.8 $ 
0.0 $ 
67.8 
96.9 
$ 
31.0 $ 
19.7 $ 
17.0 $ 
67.7 
97.0 
2011 $ 
186.0 $ 
0.0 
$ 
189.1 
287.0 
$ 
70.0 $ 
85.1 $ 
34.0 $ 
189.0 
286.0 
2012 $ 
268.6 $ 
0.0 
$ 
274.2 
562.3 
$ 
231.4 $ 
42.9 $ 
274.3 
560.3 
131 
2013 $ 
109.0 $ 
0.0 
$ 
114.6 
674.8 
$ 
303.2 
$ 
303.2 
863.6 
Total 
$ 
659.5 $ 
0.0 
$ 
674.8 
$ 
128.9 $ 
640.7 $ 
93.9 
$ 
853.6 
Effect of Assumed Sale by 2016 for $1670 Million 
Millions of $ 
Sale Price 
$ 
1670.0 
Surplus Cash 
0.0 
Repayment of Equity 
$ 
(210.3) 
Repayment of Bank Debt 
0.0 
Available for Distribution 
$ 
1459.7 
Distribution to Investors 
75% 
$ 
1094.8 
Distribution to MarcellX Energy Company, LP 
25% 
$ 
364.9 
Total 
$ 
1459.7 
Cash Flow to Investor 
2009 
6/1/09 
(28.0) 
2010 
1/1/10 
(31.0) 
2011 
1/1/11 
(70.0) 
2012 
2013 
12/31/13 
532.4 
IRR to Investor 
48% 
(Assumes no cash distributions to investor until sale of company in 2014) 
EFTA00588958
--- PAGE 21 ---
Forward-Looking Statements 
Statements concerning future capital expenditures, production volumes, 
reserve volumes, reserve values, resource potential, number of development 
and exploration projects, finding costs, operating costs, cash flow and 
earnings are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on 
assumptions concerning commodity prices, recompletions and drilling 
results, lease operating expenses, administrative expenses, interest and 
other financing costs that management believes are reasonable based on 
currently available information; however, management's assumptions and 
the Company's future performance are both subject to a wide range of 
business risks and there is no assurance that these results, goals and 
projections can or will be met. 
EFTA00588959

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588960.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588960.pdf
----------------------------------------
HEADING 
AGREED PROTECTIVE ORDER 
Now comes the plaintiffs, Paul Cassell and Bradley Edwards, and the 
defendant, Alan Dershowitz, each of whom moves that this Honorable Court 
enter a Protective Order that shall provide that discovery documents, 
including transcripts, tapes, and videotapes of depositions of both parties and 
witnesses, will not be filed in the public record without further order of the 
Court, will not be disclosed to third parties to this litigation (except experts 
who agree to be bound by the terms of this confidentiality order), shall not 
be published or disseminated to any third parties, and shall not be utilized in 
any other proceeding other than the current litigation. Any judicial pleading 
that appends a transcript or tape or videotape of any deposition, or quotes 
from any deposition, shall be filed with the discovery portion redacted 
subject to further Order of the Court. Further, to the extent any discovery as 
defined above has already been disclosed to third parties, it is the obligation 
of the party who made such disclosure to inform the third party of the terms 
of this Protective Order, see eg Seattle Times Co v Rhinehart 467 US 20, 31 
(1984), Chicago Tribune Co v Bridgestone/Firestone Inc 2634 F3d 1304, 
1316 (11th Cir, 2001). 
EFTA00588960

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588961.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588961.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, P.C. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
NI PARK PLAZA,SUITE 1090 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS 82116 
January 2, 2016 
Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71St St 
New York, NY 
INVOICE FOR LEGAL SERVICES 
For legal work from December I, 2015 through December 31, 2015 including multiple 
T/Cs with Customs Service Legal Counsel in El Paso and Supervisor at Customs Service 
in Albuquerque, researching, drafting, and editing a letter sent to Customs Service Legal 
Counsel regarding seizure of JE computer and coordinating return of computer, drafting 
and delivering letter to Little Brown, discussions with defamation expert, review of 
CVRA pleadings, review of Dershowitz pleadings (early in month), TICs with Ken 
Sweder, review of archives for depositions and other materials re CVRA, T/C with JE 
and RB, review of memorandum authored by KH: 
Martin Weinberg 
hrs 00 min@ $1000 p/h 
$ 15,000.00 
$ 2,475.00 
Paralegal 
hrs 
@ $ 75 p/h 
$ 
450.00 
Balance 
$ 15,450.00 
Yours Truly 
Martin G Weinberg 
EFTA00588961

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588962.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588962.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mark Jakubowski 
Objectives 
To acquire a position in your company, to share and enhance my aviation and 
management skills. 
Education 
1994 - 1999 
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University 
Daytona Beach, FL 
Bachelors Of Science in Aerospace Engineering 
Bachelors Of Science in Aeronautical Science 
Air Force ROTC 
Minors in Aircraft Accident Investigation, Meteorology, Computer Science 
NASA Engineering Research Experience (HERE) and the NASA Astronaut 
Research Experience (NARE) 
Certificates and Ratings 
ATP, Airplane Single and Multi-Engine Land Instrument Airplane 
Work experience 
Type ratings in LR-JET, LR60, G-I159, G-IV 
Pilot as of December 2015 
- Total Time: 9818 hrs 
- Turbine PIC: 6519 hrs 
- Turbine SIC: 2115 hrs 
Class Medical: No Restrictions 
2010 - Present 
Hometown Properties 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 
Training Captain G-IV 
Working with new hire crew members to ensure safe international flight 
operations and ensure company and FAA rules and regulations are adhered to. 
Mentor and groom FO's for advancement when PIC positions open up. 
2008-2010 
Reference: John Collier (Chief Pilot) 
Jet Crew Services 
Van Nuys, CA 
Captain / FO for various companies and individuals around the world. 
Contract pilot for individuals and company with various missions both domestic 
and international 
EFTA00588962
--- PAGE 2 ---
2006 - 2008 
Champion Racing 
Captain 
PIC both 91 and 135 
2003 - 2006 
Presidential Aviation 
Captain for a busy 135 operator 
Reference: Kuky Salazar (Ops Manager 
Oscar Arse (DOO) 
2001 - 2003 
Co-Pilot 
Part 91 owner trips 
Continental Jet Charter, LLC 
Fluent in English, Polish, Czech, understand Russian 
Boca Raton, FL 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 
EFTA00588963

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588964.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588964.pdf
----------------------------------------
Enhanced Education 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, Suite B-3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
November 24, 2015 
Barnaby Marsh, D.Phil. 
Executive Vice President, Strategic Initiatives 
And Managing Director, Philanthropic Leadership Network 
John Templeton Foundation 
Dear Barnaby: 
Martin Nowak has been telling me about his proposed new research applications 
of evolutionary game theory to the behavioral sciences. As you know from our 
prior discussions, Enhanced Education is very interested in supporting Martin's 
work. I understand that the John Templeton Foundation is currently considering a 
project proposal, in which Enhanced Education would have the opportunity to 
partner with the John Templeton Foundation by providing additional funding of 
$1,500,328 [$1,304,633 direct costs + $195,695 indirect costs] specifically from 
Harvard University fund 347150 that has been budgeted for this project. 
In 2003 Enhanced Education established a gift to the Program for Evolutionary 
Dynamics to support precisely this type of cutting edge research. Please know 
that the University has already secured the stated amount and that Martin's 
administrative team intends to apply said funds to this project for the proposed 3 
year period [January 1, 2016 - December 31, 2018]. Enhanced Education is very 
enthusiastic about the potential of collaborating with the John Templeton 
Foundation as we have a shared mission to promote important and timely 
research. 
Darren Indyke 
Vice President 
Enhanced Education 
EFTA00588964

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588965.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588965.pdf
----------------------------------------
[Please use company letterhead and sign] 
DRAFT 
April 1, 2017 
Joi Ito 
Director 
MIT Media Lab 
Massachusetts Avenue, E14-245 
Cambridge, MA 02139 
Dear Joi, 
In appreciation of the work being done at the MIT Media Lab, [donor name] would like 
to provide an unrestricted gift of $[amount] to support your ongoing research. 
[Additionally, the donor wishes to remain anonymous and not included on any donor 
listings.] 
With best wishes for the future, 
[donor name] 
EFTA00588965

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588966.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588966.pdf
----------------------------------------
GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
BEFORE THE DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
DIVISION OF COASTAL ZONE MANAGEMENT 
IN THE MATTER OF 
THE DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND 
NATURAL RESOURCES, COMMISSIONER 
DAWN L. HENRY, ESQUIRE, 
) NOVA 04-16-STT 
) 
) ) ) 
) NOTICE OF FAILURE TO CURE 
COMPLAINANT, 
) BREACH OF SETTLEMENT 
) AGREEMENT AND 
vs. 
) ENFORCEMENT OF SETTLEMENT 
) AGREEMENT 
GREAT ST. JIM, LLC 
) 
) 
) 
) 
RESPONDENT. 
) 
) 
SUPPLEMENTAL CONSENT AGREEMENT 
WHEREAS, the Complainant, the Department of Planning and Natural Resources 
("DPNR"), is responsible for the administration and enforcement of laws and regulations 
pertaining to the protection and preservation of the coastal resources of the United States Virgin 
Islands, including the Coastal Zone Management Act (the "CZM Act"), Title 12, Chapter 21, of 
the Virgin Islands Code, and the Division of Coastal Zone Management ("CZM") is a division 
thereof; and 
WHEREAS, the Complainant commenced an administrative enforcement proceeding on 
April 25, 2016 by serving Respondent with Notice of Violation No. NOVA-04-16-STT dated 
April 22, 2016 ("NOVA")(Complainant and Respondent are hereinafter referred to collectively 
as the "Parties"); and 
EFTA00588966
--- PAGE 2 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 2 of 9 
WHEREAS, on or about August 4, 2016, Respondent entered into a Settlement 
Agreement ("Settlement Agreement") with DPNR regarding issues pertaining to the NOVA; and 
WHEREAS, on or about November 4, 2016, Complainant served Respondent with a 
Notice to Cure Breach of Settlement Agreement ("Notice") alleging certain unpermitted 
development and structures in violation of the Settlement Agreement and demanding that within 
ten (10) days Respondent remove all of said development and structures cited therein or be 
subject to further enforcement action pursuant to V.I. Code Ann. Tit. 12 § 913 and Section 3(d) 
of the Settlement Agreement; and 
WHEREAS, on or about December 15, 2016, Complainant served Respondent with a 
Notice of Failure to Cure Breach of Settlement Agreement and Enforcement of Paragraph 3(d) of 
the Settlement Agreement ("Failure to Cure") demanding that Respondent comply with the terms 
of the Settlement Agreement alleged to have been triggered by a beach of the Settlement 
Agreement by Respondent and that Respondent make a substantial payment to DPNR of moneys 
claimed to be due under the Settlement Agreement as a result of said breach; and 
WHEREAS, Respondent neither agrees with nor admits to the statements made in the 
foregoing recitals and has contested the statements, findings of fact and conclusions of law set 
forth in both the Notice and the Failure to Cure; and 
WHEREAS, the Parties agree that: (a) settlement of the matters set forth in the NOVA, 
the Settlement Agreement, the Notice and the Failure to Cure are in the best interests of the 
Parties and the public; and (b) entering into this Supplemental Consent Agreement without 
litigation is the most appropriate means of resolving this matter; 
EFTA00588967
--- PAGE 3 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-16-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 3 of 9 
WHEREAS, although by entering into this Supplemental Consent Agreement, 
Respondent neither admits to nor agrees with the statements, findings of fact and conclusions of 
law made in the Notice and the Failure to Cure, Respondent agrees that this Supplemental 
Consent Agreement shall be enforceable in the event Respondent fails to comply with the 
provisions contained herein; and 
WHEREAS, the Parties recognize that this Supplemental Consent Agreement has been 
negotiated in good faith and that it is fair, reasonable, and in the public interest. 
NOW THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows: 
The Respondent shall procure funding, whether directly by Respondent or indirectly 
though one or more affiliates of Respondent, of a total of 
 Dollars 
) which shall be applied to pay the fees, costs and expenses for the 
construction of a raveling wall at Fort Christian located in Tier 1 on St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin 
Islands. The construction of said raveling wall shall be deemed a Supplemental Environmental 
Project in Lieu of Stipulated Penalties of that same total funded amount (hereinafter referred to 
as the "SEP"). 
1. 
Payments for the SEP. 
A. Payments for the SEP will be made to the St. Thomas Historical Trust, an exempt 
entity under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Historical Trust"), 
which shall use the proceeds of such payments exclusively to fund the fees, costs and 
expenses of implementing and completing the SEP. 
EFTA00588968
--- PAGE 4 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 4 of 9 
B. Within five business (5) days of receipt of this fully executed Supplemental Consent 
Agreement, Respondent or its affiliates shall pay to the Historical Trust an aggregate 
amount equal to 
(S 
)• 
C. By no later than the first business day in January 2018, Respondent or its affiliates 
shall 
pay 
to 
the 
Historical 
Trust 
an 
aggregate 
amount 
equal 
to 
)• 
D. By no later than the first business day in January 2019, Respondent or its affiliates 
shall 
pay 
to 
the 
Historical 
Trust 
an 
aggregate 
amount 
equal 
to 
)• 
E. The terms under which the Historical Trust shall disburse funds paid to it for the SEP 
shall be set forth in a grant agreement between the Historical Trust and the grantor 
thereof (the "Grant Agreement"), and such disbursement terms shall be subject to the 
prior written approval of by DPNR. 
F. Once funds are transferred to the Historical Trust for the SEP, neither Respondent nor 
its affiliates shall have any control over the disbursement of the same, except that the 
terms and conditions of such disbursement shall be set forth in the Grant Agreement 
which shall be signed by Respondent or its affiliates, as the case may be. 
EFTA00588969
--- PAGE 5 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 5 of 9 
2. SEP Management. 
G. The Grant Agreement shall provide that the Historic Trust shall appoint a 
representative to attend construction meetings and provide input in the management 
of the SEP until the SEP is fully implemented. 
H. Due to the nature and character of the SEP as an historical and a preservation project, 
DPNR-State Historic Preservation Office will oversee all aspects of the 
implementation and completion of the SEP, including, but not limited to, the design 
of the raveling wall, selection of contractor(s) for the same, management of the SEP, 
approval of work for the SEP, and payment of fees, costs and expenses of the SEP, 
and the Grant Agreement for the SEP shall so provide. 
3. 
Compliance with Applicable Laws. 
Except with respect to the liability of Respondent and Respondent Parties (as hereinafter 
defined) for violations of any and all laws, regulations and permits within the 
enforcement jurisdiction of Complainant arising out of any and all matters described in 
the Notice and the Failure to Cure, this Agreement in no way relieves Respondent of its 
responsibility to comply with any applicable federal or territorial laws, regulations and 
permits not specifically mentioned herein, and compliance with this Agreement shall not 
constitute a defense to any action pursuant to said laws, regulations, or permits raised by 
any territorial or federal agency other than DPNR. 
EFTA00588970
--- PAGE 6 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 6 of 9 
4. 
Release. 
Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, including, but not limited to, 
Paragraph 6 hereof, DPNR fully and unconditionally releases and discharges Respondent 
and its successors, assigns, members, managers, employees, affiliates, subsidiaries, 
agents, representatives and attorneys (hereinafter "Respondent Parties"), from any and all 
claims, demands, liens, causes of action, suits, damages, judgments, debts or liabilities 
whatsoever, both at law or in equity, which DPNR and any of its successors or assigns 
may have now against Respondent or any Respondent Parties relating to any alleged 
violation of any and all laws, regulations or permits within the enforcement jurisdiction 
of Complainant arising out of any and all matters contemplated herein and/or in the 
Notice of Violation Assessment NOVA-04-16-STT, the Settlement Agreement, the 
Notice, and/or the Failure to Cure (hereinafter referred to, collectively, as "Released 
Claims"). 
5. 
Covenants Not to Sue. 
In consideration of Respondent's agreement to the obligations set forth in this 
Agreement, and except as expressly provided in Paragraph 6 of this Agreement, DPNR 
covenants not to sue or to take further administrative action against Respondent or any 
Respondent Parties for any Released Claims. These covenants not to sue are conditioned 
upon performance by Respondent of its obligations under this Agreement. 
EFTA00588971
--- PAGE 7 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 7 of 9 
6. Reservations of Rights by DPNR-CZM. 
DPNR reserves and this Agreement is without prejudice to, all rights against Respondent 
with respect to all matters not expressly included within the Covenants Not To Sue in 
Paragraph 5 hereof. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, DPNR 
reserves, and this Agreement is without prejudice to, all rights against Respondent with 
respect to: 
(a) 
Liability for failure of Respondent to perform any of its obligations under this 
Agreement; and 
(b) 
Liability for future violations that occur after the approval of this Agreement by 
the Commissioner of DPNR. 
(d) 
Liability for damages for injury to, destruction of, or loss of natural resources, and 
for costs of any natural resource damage assessments, arising out of events, conditions or 
circumstances not within the scope of the Released Claims. 
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to be or shall be construed as a release, covenant 
not to sue, or compromise of any claim or cause of action, administrative or judicial, civil 
or criminal, past or future, in law or in equity, which the Government of the Virgin 
Islands may have against any person, firm, corporation or other entity not a signatory to 
this Agreement, other than Respondent Parties. Except as expressly set forth herein, this 
EFTA00588972
--- PAGE 8 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 8 of 9 
Agreement does not limit or affect the rights of Respondent or the Government of the 
Virgin Islands against any third parties not named herein, nor the rights of third parties 
not parties to this Agreement against any other parties. 
7. No Admission. 
Neither this Agreement nor the furnishing of the consideration for this Agreement shall 
be deemed or construed at any time for any purpose as an admission by Respondent of 
any liability, unlawful conduct of any kind or violation by Respondent of any law, 
regulation or permit. 
8. Modification. 
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties relating to the 
subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior agreements, representations and 
understandings, whether written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof. Prior drafts 
of this Agreement shall not be used in any action involving the interpretation or 
enforcement of this Agreement. All modifications to this Agreement shall be in writing 
and signed by the Parties hereto. 
9. Jurisdiction. 
This Agreement shall be construed and its performance enforced under the laws of the 
United States Virgin Islands. 
EFTA00588973
--- PAGE 9 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-I6-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 9 of 9 
10. Representations. 
Each person executing this Agreement represents that the party hereto on whose behalf 
the person is executing this Agreement has duly authorized the execution of this 
Agreement and that such person is authorized to execute this Agreement on behalf of 
such party. 
JEAN-PIERRE L. ORIOL 
JEFFERY EPSTEIN, President of 
Poplar, Inc., as Sole Member of 
Respondent, GREAT ST. JIM, LLC 
SO ORDERED THIS 
DAY OF 
2017 
HONORABLE DAWN L. HENRY, COMMISSIONER 
DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
EFTA00588974

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588975.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588975.pdf
----------------------------------------
BLACK FAMILY TRUSTS' OWNERSHIP OF AP PROFESSIONAL HOLDINGS DATED 6/1/12 
Black 2006 Family 
Trust 
(70.869%) 
LBF Holdings LLC 
(Delaware) 
LP 
Black Family 
GP, LW 
AIF IV Management, Inc. 
Leon Black (Indmd 
(7.1 °A) 
BF PARTNERS, L.P. 
(Delaware) 
BRH Holdings GP. 
Ltd. (Cayman) 
AIC 
Co4nvestca. LW 
Co4nvestors, LLC 
Co4nvestors. LLC 
Co4nveslors 
LLC 
Co4nvestora V, LLC 
V (EH), LLC 
CAclo 
DIF) 
Ego 
SOWDCApolIDCApollop 
Apao Co-Investors 
Apollo C4nvesto 
VI (A). LLC 
C(1 
Black 2006 Family Trust 
.806%) 
Apollo 
Co4nvestors VI 
(EH-GP). LW 
GP 
LP 
ALP 
Apollo Co-Investors 
VI (EH-A). L.P. 
GP 
A 
Investment 
Trust 
LP 
LP 
LP 
C
Black Family 
1997 Trust 
(.A6111%) 
lack 2011 Family Trust 
(0 separate trusts. one 
for each child) 
LDB 2011 LLC 
(6.874%) 
LP 
44% 
BRH Holdings L.P. 
(Cayman) 
AP Professional
Holdings L.P. 
(Cayman) 
LP 
NY1: 1509252 v.6 
EFTA00588975

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588976.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588976.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
and BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
individually. 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA0408007OOOCMBAG 
JUDGE: 
CROW 
Defendants. 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT EPSTEIN'S RESPONSES TO 
DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF'S REQUESTS FOR ADMISSIONS 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), by and through his 
undersigned counsel and pursuant to Rule 1.350 of the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure 
hereby files his responses to Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley Edward's Requests for 
Admissions to Jeffrey Epstein as follows: 
I. 
Admitted. 
2. 
Admitted. 
3. 
Objection. This Request for Admission requires a response which communicates 
statements of fact. Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 410 (1976). I have a substantial 
EFTA00588976
--- PAGE 2 ---
and reasonable basis for concern that these statements of fact that are testimonial in 
nature could reasonably furnish a "link in the chain of evidence" that could be used to 
prosecute me in criminal proceedings. See Hoffman v. United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 
(1951). I cannot provide answers/responses to questions relating to my financial history 
and condition without waiving my Fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth Amendment rights as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
4. 
Objection. This Request for Admission requires a response which communicates 
statements of fact. Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 410 (1976). I have a substantial 
and reasonable basis for concern that these statements of fact that are testimonial in 
nature could reasonably furnish a "link in the chain of evidence" that could be used to 
prosecute me in criminal proceedings. See Hoffman v. United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 
(1951). I cannot provide answers/responses to questions relating to my financial history 
and condition without waiving my Fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth Amendment rights as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
5. 
Objection. This Request for Admission requires a response which communicates 
statements of fact. Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 410 (1976). I have a substantial 
and reasonable basis for concern that these statements of fact that are testimonial in 
nature could reasonably furnish a "link in the chain of evidence" that could be used to 
prosecute me in criminal proceedings. See Hojfinan v. United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 
(1951). I cannot provide answers/responses to questions relating to my financial history 
and condition without waiving my Fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth Amendment rights as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
EFTA00588977
--- PAGE 3 ---
6. 
Objection. This Request for Admission requires a response which communicates 
statements of fact. Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 410 (1976). I have a substantial 
and reasonable basis for concern that these statements of fact that are testimonial in 
nature could reasonably furnish a "link in the chain of evidence" that could be used to 
prosecute me in criminal proceedings. See Hoffman v. United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 
(1951). I cannot provide answers/responses to questions relating to my financial history 
and condition without waiving my Fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth Amendment rights as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
7. 
Objection. This Request for Admission requires a response which communicates 
statements of fact. Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 410 (1976). I have a substantial 
and reasonable basis for concern that these statements of fact that are testimonial in 
nature could reasonably furnish a "link in the chain of evidence" that could be used to 
prosecute me in criminal proceedings. See Hoffman v. United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 
(1951). I cannot provide answers/responses to questions relating to my financial history 
and condition without waiving my Fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth Amendment rights as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
8. 
Objection. This Request for Admission requires a response which communicates 
statements of fact. Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 410 (1976). I have a substantial 
and reasonable basis for concern that these statements of fact that are testimonial in 
nature could reasonably furnish a "link in the chain of evidence" that could be used to 
prosecute me in criminal proceedings. See Hoffman v. United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 
(1951). I cannot provide answers/responses to questions relating to my financial history 
EFTA00588978
--- PAGE 4 ---
and condition without waiving my Fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth Amendment rights as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
9. 
Objection. This Request for Admission requires a response which communicates 
statements of fact. Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 410 (1976). I have a substantial 
and reasonable basis for concern that these statements of fact that are testimonial in 
nature could reasonably furnish a "link in the chain of evidence" that could be used to 
prosecute me in criminal proceedings. See Hoffman v. United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 
(1951). I cannot provide answers/responses to questions relating to my financial history 
and condition without waiving my Fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth Amendment rights as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
10. 
Objection. This Request for Admission requires a response which communicates 
statements of fact. Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 410 (1976). I have a substantial 
and reasonable basis for concern that these statements of fact that are testimonial in 
nature could reasonably furnish a "link in the chain of evidence" that could be used to 
prosecute me in criminal proceedings. See Hojfinan v. United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 
(1951). I cannot provide answers/responses to questions relating to my financial history 
and condition without waiving my Fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth Amendment rights as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
II. 
Objection. This Request for Admission requires a response which communicates 
statements of fact. Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 410 (1976). I have a substantial 
and reasonable basis for concern that these statements of fact that are testimonial in 
nature could reasonably furnish a "link in the chain of evidence" that could be used to 
prosecute me in criminal proceedings. See Hojfinan v. United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 
EFTA00588979
--- PAGE 5 ---
(1951). I cannot provide answers/responses to questions relating to my financial history 
and condition without waiving my Fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth Amendment rights as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
12. 
Objection. This Request for Admission requires a response which communicates 
statements of fact. Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 410 (1976). I have a substantial 
and reasonable basis for concern that these statements of fact that are testimonial in 
nature could reasonably furnish a "link in the chain of evidence" that could be used to 
prosecute me in criminal proceedings. See Hoffman v. United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 
(1951). I cannot provide answers/responses to questions relating to my financial 
information without waiving my Fifth, Sixth and Fourteenth Amendment rights as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
13. 
I admit that I was sentenced by a State Court Judge to the Palm Beach County Jail 
for the charges to which I plead. 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served 
upon Jack Scarola, Esq., and Bradley J. Edwards, Esq., via Electronic Service, this March 
27, 2013. 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
Fla. Bar No.: 0176737 
LAW OFFICES OF TONJA HADDAD, PA 
315 SE 7'h Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
EFTA00588980
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00588981

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588982.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUMMARY OF PROPOSED TERMS OF INVESTMENT FOR 
SERIES A PREFERRED SHARES OF 
LEVITECTION LTD. 
JuneMay 
2016 
We are happy to confirm our interest, subject to all terms and conditions herein, to explore the possibility 
of an investment in Levitection Ltd. This letter summarizes the principal terms of a proposed investment 
for Preferred A Shares. Except as specifically provided herein, this letter is not intended to be a legally 
binding agreement but is a statement of intent. It is presented solely for the purpose of discussion. 
Company 
Levitection Ltd., an Israeli company (the "Company"). 
Founders 
Dr 
Gideon Levita and Mt. Raviv Levita. fTBD 
Raviv Levitata 
thilNote: 
please see the attached cap-table] 
Investor 
An entity under the control of Mr. Ehud Barak (the "Investor"). 
Structure of 
Financing 
The Investor shall invest in the Company an amount of US$ 1,0200,000 (the 
"Initial Investment") and shall invest in the Company, subject to the terms 
below, an additional amount of US$70680,000 (the "Deferred Investment") 
(the Initial Investment and the Deferred Investment shall be referred to 
collectively as the "Investment Amount"), against issuance by the Company 
of Preferred Shares in two trenches, at an Initial Closing and a Deferred 
Closing, if applicable (as such terms are defined below), at a price per share of 
US$2.19[ 
("PPS") (representing a 
valuation of US$ 
pre-money 
F 
1, on a Fully Diluted Basis (as defined below)), as follows: INote: 
all numbers will be completed after the parties reach an agreed cap-table] 
(i) an amount of US$ 1,0020,000 out of the Investment Amount will be provided 
at the Initial Closing in consideration for the issuance of F 
Preferred 
Shares (as defined below), such that immediately following the Initial Closing, 
the Investor will hold shares of the Company constituting _% of the 
Company's share capital, on a Fully Diluted Basis; and 
(ii) No later than nine (9) Withip—sevea—(-7) months as of the Initial Closing, 
subject to the achievement by the Company of the milestone set forth in Exhibit 
A of this letter (the "Milestone") (or at the Investor's election, within such 
seveunine (72) months period, at its sole discretion, even if such Milestone is not 
achieved), the remaining amount of US$ 68700,000 out of the Investment 
Amount will be also provided by the Investor within ten (10) days of receipt of 
written notice from the Company's CEO that the Milestone has been achieved, in 
consideration for the issuance of 
Preferred Shares (the "Deferred 
Closing"), such that immediately following the Deferred Closing, the Investor 
will hold shares of the Company constituting 38.5099% of the Company's share 
capital, on a Fully Diluted Basis (assuming, solely for the purposes of this 
calculation, that the entire Investment Amount was remitted at the Initial 
Closing, not including the Warrant(s) (as defined below) to be granted to the 
Investor). In the event that the Investor will not provide the Company with the 
EFTA00588982
--- PAGE 2 ---
Deferred Investment although the Milestone was achieved by the Company, and 
such breach was not cured within 10 days from the receipt of a proper written 
notice from the Company's CEO, then 6) the Warrants (as defined below) shall 
immediately and automatically expire and shall not be exercisable by the Investor; 
and (ii) the anti-dilution protection and protective provisions as described below 
shall be cancelled. 
Fully Diluted Basis 
In this letter, "Fully Diluted Basis" includes, without limitation, all issued and 
outstanding share capital of the Company, all securities issuable upon the 
conversion of any existing convertible securities, notes or loans, the exercise of all 
outstanding warrants (excluding the Warrants), options, adjustments of numbers 
of securities triggered by this financing (if any), any shares or options to acquire 
shares issued to any person as a finder's fee or similar arrangement in connection 
with the Investment and an unallocated option pool for future grants to 
employees, consultants and directors of the Company, representing 124444% of 
the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company immediately following 
the Deferred Closing ("Option Pool") (assuming the Warrant(s) (as defined 
below) were not exercised by the Investor). For the purposes of this Term Sheet, 
the term "Fully Diluted Basis" as used herein does not include the Warrants. 
[Note: in view of the fact that Gideon decided to accede to your request to transfer 
certain of his shares to Raviv. constituting 3% of the issued and outstanding share 
capital of the Company post Deferred Closing, Raviv will not be receiving options 
from the ESOP; thus - we have adjusted the % of the shares reserved for the 
ESOP] 
Options out of the Options Pool shall be granted by the Company following the 
Initial Closing to those certain employees, consultants and/or directors of the 
Company as detailed in Exhibit B attached hereto. 
Capitalization Table 
The detailed pre Initial Closing and post Initial Closing and post Deferred 
Closing capitalization of the Company is set forth in the Capitalization Table 
attached hereto as Exhibit C. 
Conditions to Closing 
Closing of the transaction contemplated hereunder is subject to (i) satisfaction of 
the parties due diligence requirements, including financial and legal diligence, and 
(ii) the signing of mutually acceptable Definitive Agreements (as defined below). 
Estimated Initial 
Closing Date 
No later than June 30, 2016 (the "Initial Closing"). 
Type of Security 
Series A Convertible Preferred Shares (the "Preferred Shares"), initially 
convertible on a one to one basis into Ordinary Shares of the Company (the 
"Ordinary Shares"), subject to adjustment as provided below. 
Warrant(s) 
At the Initial Closing, the Company will issue: (i) a first warrant to the Investor 
that will allow it (or any of its assignees) to purchase additional Preferred Shares 
by investing an additional amount of up to US$ 1,500,000, at an exercise price of 
150% of the PPS (subject to anti-dilutive adjustment as provided herein and 
adjustments due to a Recapitalization Event (as defined below)), which warrant 
will be valid and exercisable for a period of 36 months after the Initial Closing; 
and, in addition (ii) a second warrant to the Investor that will allow it (or any of its 
assignees) to purchase additional Preferred Shares by investing an additional 
amount of up to USS 2,000,000, at an exercise price of 225% of the PPS (subject 
to anti-dilutive adjustment as provided herein and adjustments due to a 
EFTA00588983
--- PAGE 3 ---
Recapitalization Event), which warrant will be valid and exercisable for a period 
of 48 months after the Initial Closing (collectively the "Warrant(s)"). At the 
lapse of 12 months period after the Initial Closing, and at the lapse of each 12 
subsequent months period thereafter, the exercise price of each the first Warrant 
be increased by 25% 
to its then 
fleser-ibed4a-subseetiew(4)-abeve-shall 
compering 
existing exercise price. Immediately prior to a Deemed Liquidation event, 
exercise of such Warrant(s) may be cashless at the discretion of the Warrant(s) 
holder. The Company shall notify to the Warrant(s) holder in writing of any 
Deemed Liquidation event, at least _ 
days prior to such event. [original 
langetage-was-reinserted-and-adjusted-as-disehissedi 
A "Recapitalization Event" shall mean any event of share combination or 
subdivision, distribution of bonus shares or any other similar reclassification, 
reorganization or recapitalization of the Company's share capital where the 
Company's shareholders retain their proportionate holdings in the Company. 
Use of Proceeds 
The Investment Amount shall be used by the Company to continue the 
development of the Company's technology and know-how and provide general 
working capital, pursuant to a budget prepared by the Company, agreed by the 
Investor and attached hereto as Exhibit D. 
Liquidation / 
Dividend Preference 
In the event of any liquidation event, Deemed Liquidation (as defined below) 
and/or distribution of dividends, the holders of the Preferred Shares will be 
entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the 
Company's assets or funds to all other equity securities of the Company (in cash, 
cash equivalents, or, if applicable, securities) (the "Distributed Assets"), for each 
Preferred Share, an amount equal to: (i) 100% of the price per share paid for such 
Preferred Share, plus (ii) 67% annual interest on that amount, compounded 
annually, from the date of issuance of such Preferred Share (together, the 
"Preference A Amount"). 
Any surplus of assets or funds remaining (if any) after the payment in full of the 
Preference A Amount less any amounts paid as preferential dividends prior to that 
date, will then be distributed pro rata among all the shareholders of the Company, 
including the holders of Preferred Shares, on an as-converted basis. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, in a liquidation event, Deemed Liquidation 
and/or distribution of dividends, the distribution of the Distributed Assets, on a 
pari passu, pro rata, as converted and no preference basis to all shareholders of the 
Company (i.; without applying the distribution preference described above), will 
result in the holders of the Preferred Shares receiving, for each issued and 
outstanding Preferred Share held by them, an amount which is equal or more than 
Ma-we (2) time the PPS paid for such Preferred Shares (subject to anti-dilutive 
adjustment as provided herein and adjustments due to a Recapitalization Event), 
then the distribution preference described above shall be disregarded and the 
Distributed Assets shall be distributed pro rata among all the Shareholders of the 
Company, including the holders of Preferred Shares, on a pari passu, pro rata, as 
converted and no preference basis. A "Deemed Liquidation" shall mean any of 
the following transactions: an acquisition of the Company or a merger between 
the Company and another non-affiliated entity in which the shareholders of the 
Company do not own a majority of the shares of the surviving entity, the sale of 
all or substantially all of the Company's assets, or of the shares of the Company, 
an exclusive, irrevocable or perpetual license of all or substantially all of the 
Company's intellectual property to a third party, or any other transaction in which 
control of the Company (at least 50% of the voting rights or equity) is transferred 
(other than a IPO or other bona fide financing transaction of the Company where 
EFTA00588984
--- PAGE 4 ---
the change of control was due to an issuance of shares by the company). 
Conversion 
Each holder of Preferred Shares shall have the right to convert its shares at any 
time into Ordinary Shares at an initial conversion rate of 1:1, subject to 
proportional adjustment for share splits, dividends or Recapitalization Events 
or a similar event and any anti-dilution adjustments as provided herein. The 
Preferred Shares shall automatically convert into Ordinary Shares if (a) the 
holders of a majority of the Preferred Shares require such conversion or (b) 
upon the closing of a firmly underwritten public offering of shares of the 
Company ("IPO") netting at least $2310 million at a pre-money valuation of 
the Company of at least $4050 million (a "QIPO"). 
Anti-Dilution 
Provisions 
Until a QIPO, if the Company issues New Securities (as defined below) at a 
price per share lower than the then applicable conversion price of the Preferred 
Shares (initially, the conversion price shall be equal to the Price Per Share), 
then in each such event the conversion price of the Preferred Shares shall be 
adjusted on a "full ratchet" anti-dilution adjustment for a period of forty eight 
(48) months from the Initial Closing. 
"New Securities" shall mean securities issued by the Company, other than: (i) 
Ordinary Shares or options to purchase Ordinary Shares issued to employees, 
consultants, officers or directors of the Company or its subsidiaries pursuant to 
any share option plan or similar incentive plan approved by the Board of 
Directors; (ii) securities issued pursuant to a Recapitalization Event or anti-
dilutive adjustment as provided herein; (iii) securities issued in connection with 
any credit line or other similar financing, provided that such securities 
represent less than three percent (3%) of the Company's issued share capital at 
the time of issuance (as calculated on a Fully-Diluted Basis), in the aggregate; 
(iv) securities issued to a strategic investor who is an entity which is 
determined by the Board of Directors to be a strategic investor; provided that 
such securities represent less than five percent (5%) of the Company's issued 
share capital at the time of issuance (as calculated on a Fully-Diluted Basis), in 
the aggregate; (v) securities issued upon the exercise of any warrant or option 
issued pursuant to the terms of (i) through (v) above; and (vii•) securities issued 
in any IPO;-fvi). 
Protective Provisions 
Prior to an IPO, and for as long as the Investor holds at least 15% of the share 
capital of the Company (on an as-converted, Fully-Diluted Basis), certain 
important actions of the Company shall require the consent of the Investor 
(with respect to resolutions of the shareholders of the Company) or one of the 
Preferred Directors (with respect to resolutions of the Board in connection 
with the matters listed in subsections (i) — (x) below) or Ehud Barak, as long as 
he serves as a director on the Board (with respect to resolutions of the Board in 
connection with the matters listed in subsections (xi) — (xv) below), as 
applicable, for the following matters: 
CO authorize or issue any equity security senior to the Preferred Shares; and (ii) 
amendment to its Articles of Association in a manner that would adversely alter 
or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the Preferred Shares; (iii) 
redemption of any shares of the Company, including Ordinary Shares, 
Preferred Shares or any new class or series of shares; (iv) declaring or paying 
any dividend or other distribution of cash, shares or other assets, other than a 
bonus shares issuance paid to all of the shareholders of the Company on a pro 
EFTA00588985
--- PAGE 5 ---
rata basis; (v) take any action which results in a Deemed Liquidation event or 
otherwise dissolving, liquidating or winding up the Company where the 
Company's pm-money valuation in each of these events is less than 
US$50,000,000; (vi) effect any material change to the nature of the business of 
the Company; (vii) subscribe or otherwise acquire or dispose of any shares in 
the capital of any other company; (viii) affect any interested or related party 
transactions with the Company; (ix) approve the Company's annual operating 
plan and budget and any deviation of 10% or more therefrom; (x) the 
appointment of new CEO, CFO and CTO (other than Mr. Raviv Levita as the 
Company's CEO and the-Founder Dr. Gideon Levita as the Company's CTO); 
(xi) increase the number of shares reserved for issuance to employees and 
consultants, whether under the Option Pool or otherwise; (xii) grant of options 
to employees and consultants, whether under the Option Pool or otherwise, 
solely if en-the vesting terms with respect to such grants are different than the 
vesting terms that shall be defined in the Definitive Agreement (as defined 
below); (xiii) change the number of Board members or otherwise changing its 
composition; or (xiv) amend the signatory rights determined under the 
transaction contemplated hereunder; (xv) create, incur, assume, or be liable for 
any indebtedness that was not included in the annual budget approved by the 
Board and exceeding in the aggregate an amount of US$20,000. 
Prior to an IRO, and for as long as the—FounderDr. Gideon Levita and his 
immediate family members hold, in the aggregate, at least 15% of the share 
capital of the Company (on a Fully-Diluted Basis), the consent of the Founder 
shall be required for the following matters: 
CO any adverse change in any of the rights of the Founder under the 
incorporation documents or shareholders agreements of the Company (except 
for such changes affecting proportionally all holders of Ordinary Shares of the 
Company), and (ii) any transaction between the Investor and/or Ehud Barak 
and the Company. and (iii) any of the matters referred to in sub-sections (II 
through (xv) above. 
Voting Rights 
The holders of the Preferred Shares shall vote together with the holders of all 
other shares of the Company, and not as a separate class, in all shareholders 
meetings, except as to matters that by law or pursuant to this letter are subject 
to a class vote. Each Preferred Share shall entitle the holder thereof to such 
number of votes as if such shares had been converted into Ordinary Shares. 
Board of Directors 
Immediately following the Initial Closing, the board of directors of the 
Company (the "Board") shall consist of a maximum of five (5) members: the 
holders of Ordinary Shares, collectively, may appoint three (3) directors and 
the holders of Preferred Shams may appoint two (2) directors (the "Preferred 
Directors"). Upon the exercise by the Investor of the first both Warrants 
deseribed-ia-sabseetieft-Ei)-ia-theAVettest(a)Lseetiert-abeve, the Board shall 
consist of a maximum of five (5) members: the holders of Ordinary Shares, 
collectively, may appoint two (2) directors and the holders of Preferred Shams 
may appoint three (3) Preferred Directors. This provision will also apply to any 
subsidiary of the Company. The Chairman of the Board shall not have an 
additional or casting vote. 
Insurance 
The Company will sign an indemnity agreement with each of the directors and 
will maintain Directors & Officers liability insurance, reasonably satisfactory 
to the Investor. 
EFTA00588986
--- PAGE 6 ---
Signatory Rights 
At or prior to the Initial Closing, the Company shall adopt a resolution 
effecting the signatory rights which is satisfactory to the Investor and the 
Founders, to be attached to the Definitive Agreement. 
Information and 
Management Rights 
Until a QIPO, each shareholder of the Company holding at least 5% of the 
issued and outstanding shares of the Company (calculated on an as converted 
basis, taking into account, for the purpose of calculating the percentage 
shareholding, the shares held by the shareholder as well as the shares held by 
his/its Permitted transferees (as defined below), if applicable) ("Eligible 
Shareholder") shall have the right to receive: (i) financial statements within 
days after the end of each fiscal year, which have been audited by one of the 
"Big Four" accounting firms; (ii) unaudited, but reviewed, quarterly financial 
statements within 45 days after the end of the first, second and third quarters of 
each fiscal year; (iii) a monthly report in a form which is agreed by the Investor 
and the Company, within 15 days after the end of each month; (iv) an annual 
operating plan and budget at least 30 days prior to the first day of the year 
covered by such plan and (iv) such other information as may be reasonably 
required by any Eligible Shareholder. 
In addition, the Investor shall also be entitled to standard inspection and 
visitation rights, subject to confidentiality undertakings to be assumed by 
Investor. 
Pre-emptive Right 
Until a QIPO, each Eligible Shareholder will have the right, but not an 
obligation, to participate in any future sales of New Securities by the Company, 
upon the terms of such round of financing, and to purchase in such round up to 
its applicable pro rata holdings in the Company's share capital on a Fully 
Diluted Basis out of the Company's New Securities offered in such sale 
(without the right to over-allotment). 
The holders of Preferred Shares may assign this right to their Permitted 
Transferees. 
Right of First Refusal 
Until a QIPO, each Eligible Shareholder shall have a pro-rata right of first 
refusal with respect to any sale, transfer or disposition of share capital of the 
Company by any other shareholder of the Company, other than a transfer to 
Permitted Transferees ("Transfer"). 
The holders of Preferred Shares may assign this right to their Permitted 
Transferees. 
A "Permitted Transferee", (A) with respect to any shareholder which is an 
incorporation: (i) any entities controlled by, controlling or under common 
control with such shareholder or, if the shareholder is a partnership, any 
partners or affiliated partnerships managed by the same manager or managing 
partner or management company, or managed by an entity controlling, 
controlled by, or under common control with, such manager or managing 
partner or management company (such entities, "Affiliates"), (B) with respect 
to any shareholder which is an individual (i) any corporation wholly owned by 
such shareholder, or (iii) a trustee of any trust for the sole benefit of, or the 
ownership interests of which are owned wholly by, such shareholder, or (iv) 
any spouse, child or other immediate family member, spouse, child or other 
member of such shareholder's immediate family. Any transfer of equity 
securities to a Permitted Transferee shall only become effective, and any shares 
shall only be issued, upon (a) a written notice to the Company of such transfer; 
and (b) a written consent of the transferee to be bound by the Company's 
EFTA00588987
--- PAGE 7 ---
articles of association and any other agreement between the Company and its 
shareholders, or any of them, to which such transferring Company shareholder 
is a party, and, if required by the Company, the execution by the transferee of 
such agreements. 
Tag Along Right 
Until the lapse of the exercise period of the Warrantse-Q411O, the holders of 
Preferred Shares shall have the right, with respect to any Transfer other than 
Exempted Transfer, to sell, up to all of their Preferred Shares in the Company, 
prior and in preference to any other shareholder in the Company; on the same 
general terms and conditions proposed under such Transfer. 
The holders of Preferred Shares may assign this right to their Permitted 
Transferees. 
feriginsi-language4Werreitereeted-and-adjetweeltelleiesedi 
"Exempted Transfer" shall mean a Transfer by Dr. Gideon Levitathe-Founder 
of shares of the Company in accordance with the "Restriction on Sale" 
provisions below. 
Registration Rights 
Holders of a majority of the Registrable Shares (as defined below) shall have 
the right, following six (6) months after the closing of an IPO, to two 
"demand(s)" registration of their shares in the Company, at the Company's 
expense. All Shareholders of the Company shall be entitled to unlimited 
"piggyback" registration rights and one F-3 registration per a calendar year 
(provided the aggregate offering price in such F-3 registration is at least US$ 
1,000,000) at the Company's expense. In the case of underwriter cut-backs, the 
shares of the holders of Registrable Shares shall have priority over all other 
shares in the Company to be included in any offering in a ratio of 31:1 (1 
ordinary share for every 31 Registrable Share of the holders of Registrable 
Shares). All shareholders agree to a 180-day lock-up after the IPO and 90 day 
lock up after subsequent offerings of the Company. Registration rights will be 
freely assignable in connection with any transfer of Registrable Shares. 
Registration rights expire five (5) years after IPO and would contain other 
customary terms and provisions. For the purposes of this section, "Registrable 
Shares" shall mean the Preferred Shares of the Company and any Ordinary 
Shares issued upon conversion of the Preferred Shares freinstaledi. Any future 
registration rights granted by the Company which are superior to those granted 
to the holders of Registrable Securities will be subject to the approval of the 
majority of the holders of the Registrable Securities. 
Bring Along Rights 
In the 
that, 
to 
event 
prior 
a QIPO, sixtvafty-efte+TBD-fellewing-reVieits-effitta4 
Cap-Thbiej-_percent (fTBDJ 5160%) of the Company's shareholders agree to an 
offer to sell all their shares to a third party and provided that the Company pre-
money valuation in such sale is no less than USS50.000.000, and such offer is 
conditional upon the sale of a number of shares of the Company exceeding the 
number of shares held by such shareholders, all shareholders shall be required 
to participate in such sale on the same terms and conditions. 
Restrictions on Sale: 
Until the earlier of a QIPO, a Deemed Liquidation or the lapse of four (4) years 
as of the Initial Closing Dr. Gideon Levitathe-Fetioder shall not be entitled to 
sell any of his shares in the Company, subject to standard exceptions for 
transfers to Permitted Transferees. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, starting after 24 (twenty four) months from the 
Initial Closing, Dr. Gideon Levitatheatmeler may sell up to 150% of his 
vested-shares in 
iyt per year, but not more than no% of his vested 
EFTA00588988
--- PAGE 8 ---
shares in the Company in the aggregate. 
Founder's and Key 
At or prior to the Initial Closing, the Founders, 
Mr.
 and 
Persons' 
additional key persons of the Company to be agreed by the parties [TBD — this 
Undertakings 
is not practicable], will enter into confidentiality, non-competition, non-
solicitation and assignment of IP agreements, and an employment agreements 
substantially in a form attached hereto as Exhibits E, and shall agree to devote 
their entire business time and attention to the Company and not to undertake or 
engage in any additional activities without the consent of the Board. we believe 
that it is batter if these agreements will he annexed to the Definitive Agreements in 
order not to delay the signing of the Term Sheet — for your consideratiounNote: 
we prefer reviewing the employment agreements for the Founders at this stage) 
Fluid Barak's 
Undertakings 
Ehud Barak shall enter into a consulting agreement with the Company, 
substantially in a form attached hereto as Exhibit F, which shall include, inter 
alia, an obligation of Ehud Barak to lead the Company's efforts to go to 
market, including in the Company's future fundraising efforts and seeking 
potential strategic customers and confidentiality, non-competition, non-
solicitation and assignment of IP undertakings (the "Consulting Agreement"). 
The-Conetalting-Agreetnent-shall-areeify-the-milestenes-aeeerding-te-whieh 
aucl-Barak-shall-receive-the-ES-Options4Note: what do 
if EB 
you propose 
does not provide services for at least 4 years?' 
Founders Reverse 
Vesting 
At or prior to the Initial Closing, the Founders will enter into an agreement 
according to which 75% of the shares of eachthe Founder ("Restricted 
Shares") will be subject to "reverse vesting" mechanism over a period of 3 
years, with a one year cliff, contingent - with regard to the shares of the 
Founder - on that Founder's continued employment or engagement with the 
Company. Vesting shall be as follows: 1/3 of the Founder's Restricted Shares 
shall vest upon the first anniversary of the Initial Closing, and the remainder 
2/3 of the Founder's Restricted Shares shall vest on a monthlyquot4etly basis 
over the remaining 3 years. Upon termination of a Founder's employment with 
the Company by the Founder, other than for health reasons (including disability 
anc leatIli , the-compsny-entlier-the-ether-shareheitlers-(pre-reta-betweewtheue 
shall-be-entitled-to repurchase-such-the Founder's Restricted Shares as of such 
date of termination shall be subject to repurchase as follows: such quantity of 
the Founder's Restricted Shares constituting 20% of the issued and outstanding 
share capital of the Company on a Fully Diluted Basis (including the Warrants) 
as at the date of the termination shall be repurchased by the Company (or an 
entity designated by the Company) for the purpose of allocation to employees 
directors and consultants of the Company under the Company's ESOP. The 
other shareholders of the Company shall be entitled to repurchase the 
remainder of the Founder's Restricted Shares, pro rata among them, according 
to the ratio of shareholdings among them. Any unvested Restricted Sshares will 
immediately vest upon the earlier of (t) an event of 
or IPO, (ii) an-event 
that-the termination of the engagement of such Founder with the Company is 
teeriaated-by-the-C-empaer not for cause or for Good Reason (which term 
shall be defined in the Definitive Agreement as customary), and/or (iii) 
immediately after aut-event-upett-whieh at least 3 customers of the Company 
shall have utilizeduses the Company's product for at least 6 successive months 
to their satisfaction ITBDI. 
Documentation and 
Warranties 
Detailed definitive agreements among the Investor, the Founders and the 
Company shall be drafted by counsel to the Investor and shall include 
customary covenants, negative covenants, representations and warranties of the 
EFTA00588989
--- PAGE 9 ---
Company and Dr. Gideon Levitathe-Founder reflecting the provisions set forth 
herein (provided that Dr. Gideon Levitathe4eendet shall be liable solely for 
losses resulting from the breach of his representations and warranties, subject 
to standard limitation of liability and provided that the liability of Dr. Gideon 
Levitathe-FeenfleF shall be limited to his Ordinary Shares in the Company only 
and will be triggered only after indemnification from the Company), other 
provisions customary in venture capital transactions and any other provisions 
agreed to by the Investor, the Founders and the Company ("Definitive 
Agreements"). 
Expenses 
The Company shall bear its own fees and expenses, and shall pay at the Initial 
Closing the legal fees and expenses of the Investor up to an amount of 
US$40,000JTBDJ plus VAT, incurred with respect to the transaction 
contemplated hereby against a valid tax invoice. 
Exclusivity 
For a period of 45 days following the execution of this letter, neither the 
Company or any the-Founder nor any agent, directly or indirectly, will solicit, 
consider, negotiate or otherwise discuss a possible merger, sale or other 
disposition of all or any part of the shares or assets of the Company or an 
investment in its share capital with any other party. Also, during said 45 day 
period the Company will not issue any securities of the Company nor will it 
permit a transfer of any securities of the Company, other than Transfers by 
each Founder or his family members to other family members as contemplated 
hereunder. 
Said period will automatically be extended by additional 15 days if the parties 
are still negotiating the Definitive Agreements at the conclusion of said 45 day 
period and may be further extended by an additional period to be agreed by the 
Company and Investor, if the parties are still negotiating the definitive 
agreements at the conclusion of said 60 day period. 
Confidentiality 
Each party agrees to treat this letter confidentially and will not distribute or 
disclose its existence or contents to third parties without the explicit prior 
written consent of the other party, except as required to its relevant 
shareholders and professional advisors. 
Ordinary Course 
Until the Initial Closing, the Company will conduct its business solely in the 
ordinary course of business and, among other things, will not declare or make any 
distribution to shareholders, enter into any related party transaction or sell its 
assets (other than the Company's products sold in the ordinary course of 
business). 
Non-binding Effect; 
Governing Law and 
Jurisdiction 
This letter is not intended to be legally binding, and prepared for discussion 
purposes only, as a statement of the Investor's present intent, with the exception 
of this 
paragraph 
and 
the 
paragraphs 
entitled 
'Exclusivity' 
and 
'Confidentiality', which are binding upon the parties hereto and shall be 
governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel. The 
parties hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the competent courts of 
the Tel Aviv District in Israel, and hereby waive any objection regarding 
jurisdiction or forum. 
EFTA00588990
--- PAGE 10 ---
Acknowledged and agreed: 
i 
INVESTOR: 
FOUNDERS: 
Print Name: 
By: 
Title: 
Date: 
COMPANY: 
Levitection Ltd. 
By: 
Title: 
Date: 
105551411142 
10555141[146 
Dr.Mr. Gideon Levita 
Date: 
Mr. Raviv Levita: 
Date: 
EFTA00588991

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588992.pdf
----------------------------------------
Poly Caribe Water Systems 
6096 Estate Mariendahl 7-6 
ST Thomas, VI, 00802 
Quotation 
October 26, 2015 
To: LSJ-LLC 
Attention: Danny Vicars 
RE: Waterfall Pump 5 HP 300' head 
Poly Caribe is pleased to provide this quotation for a 5 HP submersible Goulds/xylem 
pump model PCSP-30 with rating of 20 to 50 gallons per minute. This pump is sized to 
supply 40 gallons per minute at 300 feet of total head. This pump has a Centripro 
submersible model PCSM-5, three phase, 460 vac, and 3450 RPM motor. 
Price for liquid end and motor. 
$3,449.00 
Shipping and clearance for the above described equipment. $250.00 
TOTAL OF ABOVE: $3,699.00 
All of the above equipment is available for immediate shipment and would arrive in 
approximately seven business days upon your request to order. 
Upon your request to order we will require a 50% ($1,849.50) deposit to place this order. 
The balance due would be required upon delivery to St Thomas VI. 
We accept the above described equipment and terms. By 
of LSJ-LLC. Date 
Best Regards, Don Goetz 
EFTA00588992

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588993.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York. New York 10022 
July 14, 2017 
CERTIFIED MAIL 
RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED 
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
Alfred E. Smith Building 
South Swan Street 
Albany, NY 12210 
Re: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein - Offender ID 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
In connection with the registration in New York of Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, Offender ID 
as a sex offender, this is to advise you that the following boat has been 
purchased for use by Mr. Epstein while at his permanent residence in the U.S. Virgin 
Islands, and should be added to the list of boats previously disclosed to your office: 
Registration 
Hull ID 
Property 
Boat 
Boat Name 
Number 
Number 
Location 
2011 41' Nautica RIB 
n/a 
LSJ 
Consistent with your prior instructions, Mr. Epstein has signed and dated this letter 
in the space provided below to confirm the purchase of the 2011 41' Nautica RIB 
boat as described in this letter. 
EFTA00588993
--- PAGE 2 ---
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
July 14, 2017 
Page 2 
If ou re uire any further information, please feel free to call me at my office, 
r on my mobile telephone number 
Respectfully, 
Darren Indyke 
CONFIRMED: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dated: 
EFTA00588994

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00588995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00588995.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUMMARY OF PROPOSED TERMS 
SERIES A PREFERRED SHARES 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. 
December 
, 2014 
We are happy to confirm our interest, subject to all terms and conditions herein, to explore the 
possibility of an investment in Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. This letter summarizes the 
principal terms of a proposed investment for Preferred A Shares. Except as specifically provided 
herein, this letter is not intended to be a legally binding agreement but is a statement of intent. It 
is presented solely for the purpose of discussion. 
Company 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd., an Israeli company (the "Company"). 
Founders 
Amir Elichai, Alexander Dizengoff, Yoni Yitzon & Lital Leshem 
Investor 
An entity under the control of Mr. Ehud Barak (the "Investor"). 
Structure of Financing 
Investor shall invest in the Company up to an aggregate amount of US$ 
1,500,000 (the "Investment Amount"), against issuance by the Company of 
Preferred Shares at the Closing (as such terms are defined below) for the 
entire Investment Amount at a price per share of [ 
("PPS") 
(representing a pre-money valuation of US$ [3,338,710], on a Fully Diluted 
Basis (as defined below)) so that immediately following the Closing, 
Investor will hold not less than [31.0%] of the Company's share capital, on a 
Fully Diluted Basis. 
The Investment Amount shall be provided to Company in two subsequent 
equal installments as follows: 
(i) an amount of US$ 750,000 out of the Investment Amount will be provided 
at the Closing; and 
(ii) Subject to the following, the remaining amount of US$ 750,000 out of the 
Investment Amount will be provided within _ months as of the Closing, 
conditioned upon achievement by the Company of the milestone(s) set forth 
under Annex I of this letter at or prior to such time, to Investor's satisfactions. 
Fully Diluted Basis 
In this letter, "Fully Diluted Basis" includes, without limitation, all issued and 
outstanding share capital of the Company, all securities issuable upon the 
conversion of any existing convertible securities, notes or loans, the exercise of 
all outstanding warrants, options, adjustments of numbers of shares triggered 
by this financing (if any), any shares or options to acquire shares issued to any 
person as a finder's fee or similar arrangement in connection with the 
Investment and an unallocated option pool for future allotment to employees, 
consultants and directors of the Company, representing 12% of the issued and 
outstanding share capital of the Company immediately following the Closing 
("Option Pool") (assuming the Warrants) (as defined below) were not 
exercised by the Investor). 
EFTA00588995
--- PAGE 2 ---
Capitalization Table 
The detailed pre-Closing and post-Closing capitalization of the Company is 
set forth in the Capitalization Table attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
Conditions to Close 
Closing of the transaction contemplated hereunder is subject to (i) satisfaction 
of the parties due diligence requirements, including financial and legal 
diligence, and (ii) the signing of mutually acceptable Definitive Agreements 
(as defined below). 
Estimated Closing 
Date 
[Closing Date] (the "Closing"). 
Type of Security 
Series A Convertible Preferred Shares (the "Preferred Shares"), initially 
convertible on a one to one basis into Ordinary Shares of the Company (the 
"Ordinary Shares"). 
Warrants) 
At the Closing, the Company will issue: (i) a first warrant to the Investor that 
will allow it (or any of its assignees) to purchase additional Preferred Shares by 
investing an additional amount of up to US$ 1,000,000, at an exercise price of 
150% of the PPS (subject to routine recapitalization adjustment). and, in 
addition (ii) a second warrant to the Investor that will allow it (or any of its 
assignees) to purchase additional Preferred Shares by investing an additional 
amount of up to US$ 2.500.000. at an exercise price of 175% of the PPS 
(subject to routine recapitalization adjustment). conditioned upon the 
exercising of the aforesaid first warrant (collectively the "Warranksy). The 
Warrant(th will be valid for a period of 48 months after the Closing. Exercise 
of such Warrant( %) may be cashless at the discretion of the Warrants) holder. 
Use of Proceeds 
The Investment Amount shall be used by the Company to continue the 
development of the Company's technology, know-how, sales and marketing 
programs and provide general working capital, pursuant to a budget prepared 
by the Company, agreed by the Investor and attached to the Definitive 
Agreements. 
Liquidation / Dividend 
Preference 
In the event of any liquidation event, Deemed Liquidation (as defined below) 
and/or distribution of dividends, the holders of the Preferred Shares will be 
entitled to receive prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the 
Company's assets or funds to all other equity securities of the Company (in 
cash, cash equivalents, or, if applicable, securities), for each Preferred Share, 
an amount equal to: (i) 100% of the PPS, plus (ii) 8% annual interest on that 
amount, compounded from the Closing (together, "Preference A Amount"). 
Any surplus of assets or funds remaining (if any) after the payment in full of 
the Preference A Amount less any amounts paid as preferential dividends prior 
to that date will then be distributed pro rata among all the shareholders of the 
Company, including the holders of Preferred Shares, on an as-converted basis. 
A "Deemed Liquidation" shall mean any of the following transactions: an 
acquisition of the Company or a merger between the Company and another 
non-affiliated entity in which the shareholders of the Company do not own a 
majority of the shares of the surviving entity, the sale of all or substantially all 
of the Company's assets, or of the shares of the Company, an exclusive, 
irrevocable license of all or substantially all of the Company's intellectual 
property to a third party, or any other transaction in which control of the 
Company (at least 50%) is transferred (other than a IPO or other bona fide 
financing transaction). 
EFTA00588996
--- PAGE 3 ---
Conversion 
Each holder of Preferred Shares shall have the right to convert its shares at 
any time into Ordinary Shares at an initial conversion rate of 1:1, subject to 
proportional adjustment for share splits, dividends or recapitalizations or a 
similar event and any anti-dilution adjustments. The Preferred Shares shall 
automatically convert into Ordinary Shares if (a) the Investor consent to 
such conversion or (b) upon the closing of a firmly underwritten public 
offering of shares of the Company ("IPO") netting at least $30 million at a 
pre-money valuation of the Company of at least $100 million (a "QIPO"). 
Anti-Dilution 
Provisions 
Until a QIPO, if the Company issues new securities at a price per share 
lower than the then applicable conversion price of the Preferred Shares 
(initially, the conversion price shall be the Price Per Share), then in each 
such event the conversion price of the Preferred Shares shall be adjusted on 
a "full ratchet" anti-dilution adjustment. 
Protective Provisions 
Certain important actions of the Company shall require the consent of the 
Investor or the Preferred Directors (as defined below), to include amongst 
others, actions to: (i) alter the rights, preferences or privileges of the 
Preferred Shares; (ii) allot any new shares beyond those anticipated by this 
investment; (iii) create any new class or series of shares having rights, 
preferences or privileges equal or senior to the Preferred Shares; (iv) 
increase the number of shares reserved for issuance to employees and 
consultants, whether under the Option Pool or otherwise; (v) grant of 
options to employees and consultants, whether under the Option Pool or 
otherwise, on vesting terms different than the vesting terms that shall be 
defined in the Definitive Agreement (as defined below); (vi) redeem or sale 
of any shares; (vii) declaring or paying any dividend or other distribution of 
cash, shares or other assets, other than a bonus shares issuance paid to all of 
the shareholders of the Company on a pro rata basis; (viii) change the 
number of Board members or otherwise changing its composition; (ix) take 
any action which results in a Deem Liquidation event or otherwise 
dissolving, liquidating or winding up the Company; (x) amend the 
incorporations documents including Articles of Association; (xi) effect any 
material change to the nature of the business; (xii) subscribe or otherwise 
acquire, or dispose of any shares in the capital of any other company; (xiii) 
affect any interested party transactions; (xiv) amend the signatory rights 
determined under this transaction; (xv) approve the Company's annual 
operating plan and budget and any material deviations from it; (xvi) entering 
into a transaction with any related party; or (xvii) the appointment of the 
CEO, CFO or CTO. 
Voting Rights 
The holders of the Preferred Shares shall vote together with the holders of 
all other shares of the Company, and not as a separate class, in all 
shareholders meetings, except as to matters that by law or pursuant to this 
letter are subject to a class vote. Each Preferred Share shall entitle the holder 
thereof to such number of votes as if such shares had been converted into 
Ordinary Shares. 
Board of Directors 
Immediately following the Closing, the board of directors of the Company 
(the "Board") shall consist of a maximum of five (5) members: for so long 
the holders of Ordinary Shares hold together the majority of the Company 
share capital, they may appoint three (3) directors and the holders of 
Preferred Shares may appoint two directors ("Preferred Directors") and, as 
of the time the holders of Ordinary Shares are no longer hold together the 
majority of the Company share capital. they may appoint two (2) directors 
EFTA00588997
--- PAGE 4 ---
and the holders of Preferred Directors will be consist of three (3) directors. 
This provision will also apply to any subsidiary of the Company. 
Insurance 
The Company will sign an indemnity agreement with each of the directors 
and will maintain Directors & Officers liability insurance, reasonably 
satisfactory to the Investor. 
Signatory Rights 
At or prior to the Initial Closing, the Company shall adopt a resolution 
effecting the signatory rights which is satisfactory to the Investor. 
Information and 
Management rights 
Until a QIPO, Investor shall have the right to receive: (i) a financial 
statements within 60 days after the end of each fiscal year, which have been 
audited by one of the "Big Four" accounting firms; (ii) an unaudited, but 
reviewed, quarterly financial statement within 45 days after the end of the 
first, second and third quarters of each fiscal year; (iii) a monthly report in a 
form agreed by the Board including the Preferred Directors, within 15 days 
after the end of each month, which report shall include a business update 
and overview, profit and loss and cash-flow statement; (iv) an annual 
operating plan and budget at least 30 days prior to the first day of the year 
covered by such plan and (v) such other information as may be reasonably 
required by Investor. 
Investor shall also be entitled to standard inspection and visitation rights. 
Pre-emptive Right 
Until a QIPO, the Investor will have the right, but not an obligation, to 
participate in any future sales of securities by the Company, upon the terms 
of such round of financing, and to purchase in such round up to 100% of the 
Company's securities offered in such sale. 
The Preferred Holder may assign this right to their Permitted Transferees (as 
shall be defined in the Company's Articles of Association). 
Right of First Refusal 
Until a QIPO, each shareholder of the Company holding at least 2% of the 
issued and outstanding shares of the Company (calculated on an as 
converted basis) ("Eligible Shareholder") shall have a pro-rata right of first 
refusal with respect to any sale, transfer or disposition of share capital of the 
Company by any other shareholder of the Company, other than a transfer to 
Permitted Transferees ("Transfer"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing any sale, transfer or disposition of share 
capital of the Company by the Investor, shall not be subject to such right of 
first refusal of the other shareholders. 
Tag Along Right 
Until a QIPO, the Investor shall have the right, with respect to any Transfer, 
to sell, up to all of its shareholdings in the Company, prior and in preference 
to any other shareholder in the Company; on the same general terms and 
conditions proposed under such Transfer ("Preferred Tag Along Right"). 
Thereafter, any shares remaining under a Transfer following the exercising 
of the Preferred Tag Along Right, if any, shall be subject to a pro rata right 
of each Eligible Shareholder, to participate in such Transfer on the same 
general terms and conditions proposed thereunder. 
Registration Rights 
Holders of a majority of the Registrable Shares (as defined below) shall 
have the right, to one "demand" registration of their shares in the Company, 
at the Company's expense. All Shareholders of the Company shall be 
entitled to unlimited "piggyback" registration rights and one F-3 registration 
per a calendar year, to be initiated by Holders of a majority of the 
Registrable Shares (provided the aggregate offering price in such F-3 
EFTA00588998
--- PAGE 5 ---
registration is at least US$ 1,000,000) at the Company's expense. In the 
case of underwriter cut-backs, the shares of the Investor shall have priority 
over all other shares in the Company to be included in any offering in a ratio 
of 3:1 (1 ordinary share for every 3 Registrable Shares). All shareholders 
agree to a I80-day lock-up after the IPO and 90 day lock up after 
subsequent offerings of the Company. Registration rights will be freely 
assignable in connection with any transfer of Registrable Shares. For the 
purposes of this section, "Registrable Shares" shall mean the Preferred 
Shares of the Company and any Ordinary Shares issued upon conversion of 
the Preferred Shares. Any future registration rights granted by the Company 
which are superior to those granted to the holders of Preferred Shares will be 
subject to the approval of the majority of the holders of the Preferred Shares. 
Restrictions on Sale: 
Until the earlier of a QIPO, a Deemed Liquidation or the lapse of four (4) 
years as of the Closing, the Founders shall not be entitled to sell any of their 
shares in the Company, subject to standard exceptions for transfers to 
Permitted Transferees. 
Founders 
Undertakings 
Each Founder will enter into a non-competition and non-solicitation 
agreement, and an employment agreement in a form reasonably acceptable 
to the Investor, and shall agree to devote his entire business time and 
attention to the Company and to not undertake additional activities without 
the consent of the Investor. A breach of any of the foregoing restrictive 
covenants or undertakings by a Founder shall result in immediate dismissal 
for cause of such Founder. 
Employee Vesting 
100% of the shares of the Founders ("Restricted Shares") will be subject to 
"reverse vesting" mechanism over a period of 3 years, with a one year cliff, 
contingent - with regard to the shares of each Founder - on that Founder's 
continued employment with the Company. Vesting shall be as follows: 1/3 
of each Founder's Restricted Shares shall vest upon the first anniversary of 
the Closing, and the remainder 213 of such Founder's Restricted Shares shall 
vest on a quarterly basis over the remaining 2 years. Any unvested shares 
will immediately vest upon an event of Change of Control and the 
engagement of such Founder with the Company is terminated by the 
Company not for cause. 
Documentation and 
Warranties 
Detailed definitive agreements shall be drafted by counsel to the Investor 
and shall include customary covenants, representations and warranties of the 
Company and the Founders reflecting the provisions set forth herein and 
other provisions typical to venture capital transactions ("Definitive 
Agreements"). 
Expenses 
The Company shall bear its own fees and expenses and shall pay at the 
Closing all legal fees and expenses of the Investor, incurred with respect to 
the transaction contemplated hereby. 
Exclusivity 
For a period of 60 business days following the execution of this letter, 
neither the Company or the Founders nor any agent, directly or indirectly, 
will solicit, consider, negotiate or otherwise discuss a possible merger, sale 
or other disposition of all or any part of the shares or assets of the Company 
or an investment in its share capital with any other party. Also, during said 
business day period the Company will not issue any securities of the 
Company nor will it permit a transfer of any securities of the Company. 
Said period will automatically be extended by an additional 15 business 
EFTA00588999
--- PAGE 6 ---
days if the parties are still negotiating the definitive agreements at the 
conclusion of said 60 day period. 
Confidentiality 
The Company and Founders agree to treat this letter confidentially and will 
not distribute or disclose its existence or contents outside the Company 
without the consent of the Investor, except as required to its shareholders 
and professional advisors. 
Ordinary Course 
Until the Closing, the Company will conduct its business solely in the ordinary 
course of business and, among other things, will not declare or make any 
distribution to shareholders, enter into any related party transaction or sell its 
assets (other than the Company's products sold in the ordinary course of 
business). 
Non-binding Effect 
This letter is not intended to be legally binding, and prepared for discussion 
purposes only, as a statement of the Investor's present intent, with the 
exception of this paragraph and the paragraphs entitled 'Exclusivity' and 
'Confidentiality', which are binding upon the parties hereto and shall be 
governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel. 
Acknowledged and agreed: 
[INVESTOR 
Mr. Amir Elichai 
By: 
Print Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. 
By: 
Print Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
Date: 
Alexander Dizengoff 
Date-
Yoni Yitzon 
Date: 
Lital Leshaem 
Date: 
EFTA00589000

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589001.pdf
----------------------------------------
Research gate I 
Market analysis 
EFTA00589001
--- PAGE 2 ---
Research gate I GERD of GDP 
• 2008 Gross domestic expenditure on R&D as percentage of 
GDP in total OECD: 
2.33 % (US 2.79%) 
Figure 44. R&D in OECD and non-OECD economies, 2010 
or latest available year 
Researchers per thousand errpl mar.: 
B 
0.5 
1,0 
1.5 
2.0 
2.5 
3.0 
3.5 
4.0 
Gross domestic expenditure on R&D as a percentage of GDP 
Source: OECD, Main Science and Technology Indicators (MST) Database, June 2012 based on 
OECD (2011), OECD Selene., Technology and Industry Scoreboard 2011, OECD, Paris. 
SLICE Ink 4welt http-//dx.cloi orcy/10 1787/S83932689769 
F4 0 
utIM n2ins us> 
innttini peon am VEY 
•
umr 
r-} 
ono., 
Mr' 
IINO 
• 
\, 1001110-
V. 
De 
.7
• WI 
(;:arligpt;e 
• MS 
pral cleadilla
.
• 
SVN 
•SVK F.,) 
Lux • 
NLD 
HUNS 
° ea 
l•Ttfa
GliC• • SOL 
• 
TUla 
uSW cm 
Ow 
,‘ 
OM 
.: 
/ 
EFTA00589002
--- PAGE 3 ---
Research sate MARKETS 
• Worldwide Gross Expenditure on R&D (2007): US$ 1,145 billions 
Basic and applied research: 
US$ 481 billions (42%) 
Development: 
US$ 653 billions (57%) 
• 
Global market value for lab products: 
US$ 38 billions 
• 
Global online recruitment market size: 
US$ 5.3 billions 
• STM journal market size per year: 
US$ 16 billions 
• 
Global display advertising market: 
US$ 25.27 billions 
EFTA00589003
--- PAGE 4 ---
Research Gate 
US GROSS EXPENDITURE ON R&D 
US GERD (2008): 
US$ 400 billions 
• Basic and applied research: 
US$ 159 billions (39%) 
• Development: 
US$ 240 billions (60%) 
EFTA00589004
--- PAGE 5 ---
ResearchGate ADVERTISING 
Global display advertising market is predicted to reach 
US$25.27 billion in 2012 
US$34.4 billion in 2013 (+36%)* 
Pharma/Healthcare accounted for 6% in 2012 (4% in 2011) in the US 
(Includes pharmaceutical products, facilities, services, researchers, and biological products) 
-> globally - US$ 1.5 billion 
Advertisement spending on all forms of display/banners (32%) 
-> globally US$ 480 million 
http://www.crowdscience.com/2011/07/show-me-the-stats-online-display-advertising-market-size 
EFTA00589005
--- PAGE 6 ---
ResearchGate Recruiting 
• Global online recruitment market size (2011) 
US$ 5.3 billion (4% growth through 2015) 
• US online recruitment market size 
US$ 2 billion 
• Jobs in the life science sector account for around 5-6% 
of total job posts* 
-> US$ 291,5 Mio 
" Based on empiric data of indeed.com 
EFTA00589006
--- PAGE 7 ---
ResearchG ate LAB PRODUCT MARKET 
Worldwide Revenue (2011): US$ 38 Billion* (+4.3% (2010)) 
top-companies create 75% of this revenue 
Country marketshare 
■ United States 
■ Nan-US market 
The Laboratory Products Association (LPA) 
EFTA00589007
--- PAGE 8 ---
Research gate PUBLISHING INDUSTRY 
• 
Overall Publishing Industry 
US$ 400 billions 
• Scientific, Medical and Technical information 
US$ 23.7 billions 
+ Geophysical data 
• Scientific, Medical and Technical information US$ 16 billions 
(STM) 
• 
Geophysical data 
US$ 7.7 billions 
EFTA00589008
--- PAGE 9 ---
Research gate STM JOURNAL MARKET SIZE 
Total STM revenue 
US$ 16 billion 
Journal STM revenues 
US$ 8 billion 
• Journals (print and digital) 
Non-journal STM revenues 
• Books 
• Reference Works 
• Databases 
• A&I Services 
US$ 8 billion 
EFTA00589009

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589010.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589010.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, P.C. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
PARR PLAZA.SUITE IMO 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS 92116 
April 4, 2016 
Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71St St 
New York, NY 
INVOICE FOR LEGAL SERVICES 
For legal work from March 1, 2016 through March 31, 2016 including TCs with RB, JE, 
DKI, AUSA DL, JP DKI regarding CVRA hearing, CVRA settlement procedure and 
schedule, preparation for and participation in CVRA hearings 3-11-16, 3-28-16, TCs with 
SMcC, JE, and S.M regarding 
v Maxwell, TCs with AMD and JE re Cassell v 
Dershowitz, review of exhibits and authoring of letter to AUSA Lee 3-4-16 re rebuttal to 
Jane Doe Summary Judgment filing 
Martin Weinberg 
Paralegal 
hrs 
@ $1000 p/h 
hrs 30 min@ $ 75 p/h 
Total for Legal Services in March 
Balance from invoice 3-2-16 
Total Balance through April 1, 2016 
Yours Truly 
Martin G Weinberg 
$ 9,000.00 
$ 337.50 
$ 9,337.50 
$26,891.00 
$36,228.50 
EFTA00589010

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589011.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589011.pdf
----------------------------------------
LANDLORD'S CONSENT TO ASSIGNMENT OF LEASE 
THIS LANDLORD'S CONSENT TO ASSIGNMENT OF LEASE ("Consent") is made 
as of the 1st day of March, 2014, by IGY-AYH ST. THOMAS HOLDINGS, LLC (the 
"Landlord"). 
WHEREAS, FINANCIAL TRUST CO., INC. (the "Tenant") is the Tenant under that 
certain Lease dated September 24, 2009, as amended by First Amendment to Lease dated as of 
March I, 2014 (collectively, the "Lease") for certain Leased Premises located at American Yacht 
Harbor, St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands as described therein; and 
WHEREAS, the Tenant has requested that the Landlord consent to an assignment and 
assumption of the Lease to SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC., a U.S. Virgin Islands 
corporation (the "Assignee") as set forth in that certain Assignment and Assumption of Lease 
dated as of March 1, 2014 by and between the Tenant, as Assignor and the Assignee attached 
hereto as Exhibit A and made part hereof (the "Assignment"); and 
WHEREAS, the Landlord has elected to consent to the Tenant's request, subject, 
however, to the terms and condition of this Consent: 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Landlord hereby consents to the Assignment, effective as of 
March 1, 2014, subject, however, to the following terms and conditions: 
I. The foregoing recitals are incorporated herein by this reference. 
2. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to 
them in the Lease. 
3. The Tenant shall not be relieved of its obligations under the Lease and shall remain 
fully liable with the Assignee for the Tenant obligations being assumed by the 
Assignee. 
4. The Assignee shall provide the documents required for any new tenant as set forth on 
the Lease Checklist attached hereto as Exhibit B and made a part hereof. 
5. This Consent shall only be valid upon the acknowledgement and acceptance of the 
foregoing conditions by the Tenant and Assignee and the execution and delivery of 
the documents required by this Consent. 
6. This Consent shall be governed by the laws of the U.S. Virgin Islands and any dispute 
shall be heard in a court of competent jurisdiction in the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
Wage 
EFTA00589011
--- PAGE 2 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Landlord has executed this Consent through its duly 
authorized officer of the Manager of the Landlord as of the date first written above 
WITNESSES: 
IGY-AYH ST. THOMAS HOLDINGS, LLC 
By: 
Thomas Mukamal, President 
FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION OF THE LANDLORD'S CONSENT TO THE 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASE FROM FINANCIAL TRUST CO., INC. TO 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE 
AND ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO SUCH CONSENT SET FORTH 
ABOVE. 
Date: as of March 1, 2014 
FINANCIAL TRUST CO., INC. 
WITNESSES: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Date: as of March 1, 2014 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
WITNESSES: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
2IPage 
EFTA00589012
--- PAGE 3 ---
EXHIBIT A 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASE 
3IPage 
EFTA00589013
--- PAGE 4 ---
EXHIBIT B 
LEASE CHECKLIST 
4IPage 
EFTA00589014

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589015.pdf
----------------------------------------
FIRST AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT 
THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT ("First Amendment") is 
entered into effective the Is' day of March, 2014, by and between IGY-AYH ST. THOMAS 
HOLDINGS, LLC, a limited liability company operating and validly existing under the laws of 
the United States Virgin Islands (hereinafter referred to as "Landlord") whose mailing address is 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, No. 2, St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802, and SOUTHERN 
TRUST COMPANY, INC., a U.S. Virgin Islands corporation (hereinafter referred to as 
"Tenant"), with a mailing address of 6100 Red Hook Quarter B3, St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin 
Islands 00802. 
WITNESSETH: 
WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant entered into that certain Lease Agreement dated 
September 24, 2009, as assigned to Tenant by Assignment and Assumption of Lease dated as of 
March 1, 2014 and acknowledged by Landlord by Landlord's Consent to Assignment of Lease 
dated as of March 1, 2014 (collectively, the "Lease") with respect to certain Leased Premises as 
described therein located at American Yacht Harbor, St. Thomas United States Virgin Islands; 
and 
WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant desire to amend the Lease as hereinafter set forth to 
amend rents, grant certain rent concessions and otherwise amend certain Lease terms; 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and agreements contained herein, 
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
A. 
Each capitalized term used but not otherwise defined in this First Amendment 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Lease. 
B. 
Section 3.1 of the Lease is hereby deleted and in its place is inserted the following 
new Section 3.1 for the balance of the initial Lease Term commencing as of March 1, 2014 and 
for the First Option Term commencing October 1, 2014, which First Option Term Landlord and 
Tenant agree has been duly exercised and is binding on the parties hereto: 
"Section 3.1 Rent and Payment. 
From and after March 1, 2014 through the end of the First Option Term, the annual rent 
payable to the Landlord under the provisions of this Lease is $72,744.00. The rent shall be paid 
to Landlord at the Landlord's Office located at American Yacht Harbor, St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin 
Islands, or such other place as Landlord may designate in writing. " 
C. 
Section 3.2 of the Lease is hereby deleted and in its place is inserted the following 
new Section 3.2 for the balance of the initial Lease Term and for the Option Term commencing 
October 1, 2014, which Landlord and Tenant agree has been duly exercised and is binding on the 
parties hereto: 
EFTA00589015
--- PAGE 2 ---
"Section 3.2 Installments of Base Rent. 
From and after March I, 2014, Tenant covenants and agrees to pay Landlord rentals due 
hereunder in equal monthly installments as follows: SIX THOUSAND SIXTY TWO AND 
00/100 DOLLARS ($6,062.00), without any abatement, counterclaim, setoff or deduction 
whatsoever, and without any prior demand thereof, payable in advance on the first day of each 
calendar month in the Lease Term and the First Option Term. For purposes of this Lease, the 
twelve month period commencing on October 1, 2014 shall be deemed a Lease Year and in the 
event that Tenant exercises the Second Option Term commencing on October 1, 2019, 
Additional Rent shall be due and owing pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.3 hereafter. No 
payment by Tenant or receipt or acceptance by Landlord of a lesser amount than the correct Base 
Rent or Additional Rent shall be deemed to be other than a payment on account, nor shall any 
endorsement or statement on any check or any letter accompanying any check or payment be 
deemed an accord and satisfaction, and Landlord may accept such check or payment without 
prejudice to Landlord's right to recover the balance or pursue any other remedy provided by this 
Lease or applicable law. The acceptance by Landlord of rental payments on a date after the due 
date of such payment shall not be construed to be a waiver of Landlord's right to declare a default 
for a subsequent late payment." 
D. 
Section 10.1.A.(i) of the Lease is hereby deleted and in its place is inserted the 
following new Section 10.1.A.(i): 
"(i) if Tenant shall default in the payment when due of any installment Base Rent, 
Additional Rent, utilities or other charges due and owing, subject, however, to a ten (10) day 
grace period from the date due of any such payment; of 
E. 
Landlord acknowledges that, pursuant to the provisions of his First Amendment, 
Tenant has paid $4,197.03 of Base Rent more than Tenant owes to Landlord for the months of 
March, April and May 2014 (the "Overpayment"). Landlord agrees that for the month of June, 
2014, Landlord will credit the Overpayment against Tenant's June, 2104 monthly Invoice. 
F. 
Except as expressly modified by this First Amendment, as of the date hereof, the 
Lease is in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and is hereby ratified and confirmed 
in all respects. 
EFTA00589016
--- PAGE 3 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Landlord and Tenant have hereunto set their hands and 
seals as of the date first set forth above. 
WITNESSES: 
IGY-AYH ST. THOMAS HOLDINGS, LLC 
By: 
Thomas Mukamal, President 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
WITNESSES: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
THE UNDERSIGNED JOINT AND SEVERAL CO-OBLIGOR WITH TENANT FOR ALL OF 
TEANNT'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LEASE HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND 
AGREES TO THE FOREGOING TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH ABOVE. 
FINANCIAL TRUST CO., INC. 
WITNESSES: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
EFTA00589017

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589018.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589018.pdf
----------------------------------------
TENANT'S CERTIFICATE 
TO: BANCO POPULAR DE PUERTO RICO, its successors and assigns (collectively, 
"Lender") 
THE 
UNDERSIGNED, 
SOUTHERN 
TRUST 
COMPANY, 
INC. 
a 
U.S. 
Virgin 
Islands corporation ("Tenant"), hereby certifies to the Lender as follows: 
1. 
Tenant is the lessee under a Lease pertaining to Suites B3-3 and B3-5 located at the real 
property described as follows: 
Parcel Nos. 18A-1 Remainder, 18B-1 Remainder and 
18B Remainder Estate Smith Bay 
Nos. 1, 2, and 3 East End Quarter 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 
(the "Property"), dated September 24, 2009 by and between IGY — AYH ST. THOMAS 
HOLDINGS LLC, a U.S. Virgin Islands limited liability company, as landlord ("Landlord") and 
FINANCIAL TRUST CO., INC., as Original Tenant, as assigned to Tenant by Assignment and 
Assumption of Lease dated as of March I, 2014 (the "Assignment") as amended by First 
Amendment to Lease dated as of March I, 2014 (the "First Amendment"). 
2. 
A complete and accurate copy of the Lease, Assignment and First Amendment are 
attached hereto as Exhibits "A", Exhibit "B" and Exhibit "C" and made a part hereof. The Lease 
has not been modified, changed, altered, amended or assigned in any respect except as set forth 
herein. 
3. 
The Lease is currently in full force and effect and neither Landlord nor Tenant are in 
default in any material manner whatsoever under the Lease and no event has occurred, which 
with the passage of time or the giving of notice would constitute an event of default under the 
Lease. The Tenant is not entitled to and has made no agreements with the Landlord or its agents 
or representatives concerning free rent, partial rent, rebatement of rent, offset, deduction or credit 
against any rent, or any other type of rental abatement or concession. 
4. 
The Lease term began on October 1, 2009 and the expiration date of the Lease is 
September 30, 2014 with two (2) Option Terms as provided for in Section 1.3 of the Lease. 
Tenant has validly exercised the First Option Term as provided in the First Amendment. 
5. 
The fixed monthly rent is currently $6,062.00 per month, rent is paid through 
, 201_ and no rent has been paid more than one month in advance of its due 
date. A security deposit of $13,258.02 is held by Landlord. Tenant has paid no other amounts to 
Landlord except as follows: Common Area Charges, utilities charges, parking fees and trash 
fees. 
6. 
There are no leasing commissions or similar payments due, arising out of or resulting 
from the Lease or Assignment. The Tenant has not sublet the leased premises to any other 
EFTA00589018
--- PAGE 2 ---
Tenant's Certificate 
Page 2 
person or entity and has not assigned any of its rights under the Lease. 
7. 
Tenant acknowledges and agrees that Landlord has executed and delivered to Lender a 
mortgage over the Property and an assignment of all its rights, title and interest under the Lease 
and all other leases of units at the Property pursuant to the provisions of a First Priority Mortgage 
(the "Mortgage") and an Assignment of Leases, Rents and Revenues (the "BPPR Assignment"). 
Pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage and the Assignment, all rents to be paid by the Tenant 
under the Lease shall continue to be paid to the Landlord, until Lender or its successors or 
assigns sends written notice to the Tenant specifying that all rent shall thereafter be paid directly 
to the Lender, its successors or assigns or to a receiver. Tenant acknowledges that the Lease and 
First Amendment are and shall be subject and subordinate to the Mortgage and the Assignment 
and to all renewals, amendments, modifications, consolidations, replacements and extensions of 
the Mortgage and the Assignment. 
8. 
Tenant agrees that, in the event of a foreclosure of the Mortgage by Lender or the 
acceptance of a deed in lieu of foreclosure by Lender or any other succession of Lender to fee 
ownership, Tenant shall attorn to and recognize Lender as its landlord under the Lease for the 
remainder of the term of the Lease (including all extension periods which have been or are 
hereafter exercised) upon the same terms and conditions as are set forth in the Lease and First 
Amendment, and Tenant hereby agrees to pay and perform in favor of Lender all of the 
obligations of Tenant under the Lease as if Lender were the original lessor under the Lease. 
9. 
Tenant agrees that, in the event Lender succeeds to the interest of Landlord under the 
Lease and First Amendment, Lender shall not be: 
(a) 
liable for any act or omission of any prior Landlord (including, without limitation, 
the then defaulting Landlord); or 
(b) 
bound by any payment of rent or additional rent which Tenant might have paid for 
more than one (I) month in advance of the due date under the Lease to any prior Landlord 
(including, without limitation, the then defaulting Landlord); or 
(c) 
bound by any obligation to make any payment to Tenant which was required to be 
made prior to the time Lender succeeded to any prior Landlord's interest; or 
(d) 
bound by any termination, amendment or modification of the Lease and First 
Amendment made without the consent of Lender; or 
(e) 
obligated to complete any improvements or construction on the Property or to pay 
or reimburse Tenant for any tenant improvement allowance or construction allowance, except as 
set forth in the Lease and First Amendment; or 
(0 
be required after a fire, casualty or condemnation of the Property to repair or 
rebuild the same to the extent that such repair or rebuilding requires funds in excess of the 
insurance or condemnation proceeds specifically allocable to the Property and arising out of such 
fire, casualty or condemnation which have actually been received by Lender, and then only to the 
extent required by the terms of the Lease and First Amendment. 
EFTA00589019
--- PAGE 3 ---
Tenant's Certificate 
Page 3 
10. 
Anything herein or in the Lease or First Amendment to the contrary notwithstanding, in 
the event that Lender shall acquire title to the Property, Lender shall have no obligation, nor 
incur any liability, beyond Lender's then interest in the Property, and Tenant shall look 
exclusively to such interest of Lender in the Property for the payment and discharge of any 
obligations imposed upon Lender hereunder or under the Lease, or otherwise, subject to the 
limitation of Lender's obligations otherwise provided for herein. 
II. 
Tenant hereby agrees to give to Lender copies of all notices of Landlord default(s) under 
the Lease and First Amendment in the same manner as, and whenever, Tenant shall give any 
such notice of default to Landlord, and no such notice of default shall be deemed given to 
Landlord unless and until a copy of such notice shall have been so delivered to Lender. Lender 
shall have the right to remedy any Landlord default under the Lease and First Amendment, or to 
cause any default of Landlord under the Lease and First Amendment to be remedied, and for 
such purpose Tenant hereby grants Lender such additional period of time as may be reasonable 
to enable Lender to remedy, or cause to be remedied, any such default in addition to the period 
given to Landlord for remedying, or causing to be remedied, any such default. Tenant shall 
accept performance by Lender of any term, covenant, condition or agreement to be performed by 
Landlord under the Lease with the same force and effect as though performed by Landlord. No 
Landlord default under the Lease and First Amendment shall exist or shall be deemed to exist as 
long as Lender, in good faith, shall have commenced to cure such default within the above 
referenced time period and shall be prosecuting the same to completion with reasonable 
diligence, subject to force majeure. 
12. 
Any notice or communication hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed 
delivered on the earlier to occur of (a) receipt, or (b) the date of delivery, refusal or nondelivery 
indicated on the return receipt, if deposited in a United States Postal Service Depository, postage 
prepaid, sent certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, or if sent via a recognized 
commercial courier service providing for a receipt, addressed to Tenant or Lender, as the case 
may be, at the following addresses: 
If to Tenant: 
Southern Trust Compnay, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter #2, Suite B-3 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802-1348 
If to Lender: 
Banco Popular de Puerto Rico 
P.O. Box 8580 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00801 
Attention: Commercial Loan Department 
13. 
The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the Lender is relying upon the accuracy 
of this Certificate and that Lender is entitled to do so. 
EFTA00589020
--- PAGE 4 ---
Tenant's Certificate 
Page 4 
14. 
The person signing this Certificate on behalf of the Tenant is duly authorized to sign and 
deliver this Certificate to the Lender. 
EFTA00589021
--- PAGE 5 ---
Tenant's Certificate 
Page 5 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Certificate has been duly executed by the undersigned 
this 
day of 
, 2014. 
WITNESSES: 
TENANT: 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Acknowledged and agreed to by Lender: 
BANCO POPULAR DE PUERTO RICO 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Acknowledged and agreed to by Landlord 
The undersigned Landlord hereby certifies that the certifications contained in the foregoing 
Tenant's Certificate are true and accurate as of the date hereof. 
IGY - AYH ST. THOMAS HOLDINGS, LLC 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
EFTA00589022
--- PAGE 6 ---
Tenant's Certificate 
Page 6 
EXHIBIT A 
LEASE 
EFTA00589023
--- PAGE 7 ---
Tenant's Certificate 
Page 7 
EXHIBIT B 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASE 
EFTA00589024
--- PAGE 8 ---
Tenant's Certificate 
Page 8 
EXHIBIT C 
THE FIRST AMENDMENT 
EFTA00589025

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589026.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589026.pdf
----------------------------------------
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASE 
This Assignment of Lease is entered into as of the 1sT day of March, 2014, between 
FINANCIAL TRUST CO., INC., a corporation duly organized and existing and in good standing 
under the laws of the Territory of the U.S. Virgin Islands, whose address is 6100 Red Hook 
Quarter # 2 B3, St. Thomas, USVI 00802-1348 ("Assignor"), and SOUTHERN TRUST 
COMPANY, INC., a corporation duly organized and existing and in good standing under the 
laws of the Territory of the U.S. Virgin Islands whose address is 6100 Red Hook Quarter # 2 B3, 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802-1348 ("Assignee"), in consideration of the mutual covenants and 
agreements hereinafter set forth and on the following terms and conditions: 
Whereas, Assignor is the Tenant under that certain Lease Agreement dated September 24, 
2009, as amended by First Amendment to Lease dated as of March I, 2014, copies of which are 
attached as Exhibit "A" (collectively, the "Lease") with respect to the Leased Premises as 
defined therein located at American Yacht Harbor, St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands; and 
Whereas, Assignor and Assignee have agreed that Assignor will assign all of Assignor's 
right, title and interest in the Lease as Tenant to Assignee and that Assignee will assume 
Assignor's obligations under the Lease from and after the date hereof, on the terms and 
conditions herein set forth. 
Now therefore, for One Dollar ($1.00) and other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by each party, the parties agree as 
follows: 
1. 
Assignor assigns to Assignee all of Assignor's right, title and interest in and to the Lease 
and Assignee accepts this assignment and assumes and agrees to be bound by and timely perform 
the obligations of Assignor, as Tenant, under said Lease, arising from and after March I, 2014, 
the Effective Date of this Assignment and Assumption of Lease. 
2. Assignor hereby assigns to Assignee all of its rights in the security deposit for the Lease 
as set forth in the Lease. The sum representing the total amount of such Security Deposit is 
$13,258.02. 
3. As of March 1, 2014, the Base Rent is currently $6,062.00 per month, plus Common 
Area Charges of $ 
 per month, plus utility, parking and other charges, all as 
provided for in the Lease. 
4. Assignor hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold harmless and defend Assignee from and 
against any and all liabilities, claims, demands, obligations, assessments, losses, costs, damages 
and expenses of any nature whatsoever (including, but without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs) which Assignee may incur or which may 
be asserted against Assignee, arising out of the Lease, prior to the date hereof. If Assignee 
believes that any claim has been asserted which is covered by this indemnity provision, then 
Assignee shall immediately provide written notice to the Assignor to afford the Assignor the 
right and opportunity to defend such claim. 
I 'Page 
EFTA00589026
--- PAGE 2 ---
5. 
Assignee hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold harmless and defend Assignor from and 
against any and all liabilities, claims, demands, obligations, assessments, losses, costs, damages 
and expenses of any nature whatsoever (including, but without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs) which Assignor may incur or which may be 
asserted against Assignor, arising out of the Leases on and after the date hereof. If Assignor 
believes that any claim has been asserted which is covered by this indemnity provision, then 
Assignor shall immediately provide written notice to the Assignee to afford the Assignee the 
right and opportunity to defend such claim. 
6. This Agreement may not be amended or terminated orally or in any other manner than 
by an agreement in writing signed by the parties or their respective successors and assigns. 
7. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
The parties have duly executed this Assignment in the manner indicated below on the day 
and year first set forth above. 
Witnesses: (Two required) 
Assignor: 
FINANCIAL TRUST CO., INC. 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Witnesses: (Two required) 
Assignee: 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
2IPage 
EFTA00589027
--- PAGE 3 ---
EXHIBIT A 
LEASE AT AMERICAN YACHT HARBOR 
SUITES B3-3 AND B3-5 
3IPagc 
EFTA00589028

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589029.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589029.pdf
----------------------------------------
CHECKLIST FOR LEASES AT AMERICAN YACHT HARBOR 
A. 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION SIGNATURES 
I. 
Assignor/Tenant Signature 
A 
K 
2. 
Assignee Signature 
3. 
Landlord, Assignor and Assignee Signatures to the Landlord 
Consent 
B. 
TENANT'S CERTIFICATE SIGNATURES 
A 
K 
I. 
Assignee Signature 
2. 
Landlord Signature to the Tenant's Certificate 
BP 
K 
3. 
Banco Popular de Puerto Rico - Lender Signature to the Tenant's 
Certificate 
C. 
TENANT ENTITY DOCUMENTATION 
A 
K 
I. 
Current Certificate of Good Standing 
A 
K 
2. 
The name and address of the Agent for Service of Process 
A 
K 
3. 
Certificate of Incumbency 
A 
K 
4. 
Certificate of Corporate Stock Ownership 
A 
K 
5. 
Certified Resolution authorizing signatory on Assignee's behalf to 
execute and deliver the Assignment and Assumption and related 
documents 
D. 
COLLATERAL DOCUMENTATION REQUIRED FROM TENANT 
EFTA00589029
--- PAGE 2 ---
A 
K 
I. 
Preliminary Plans for Tenant's Build Out 
A 
K 
2. 
Preliminary Construction Budget and Schedule 
L 
K 
3. 
Landlord's Approval of Preliminary Plans, Budget and Schedule 
A 
K 
4. 
Construction Plans and Specifications 
A 
K 
5. 
Insurance policies covering the premises (with paid receipts for 
current premiums) 
A 
SMP Insurance for Tenant Betterments naming 
Landlord and BP as additional insureds 
A 
Flood Insurance for Tenant Betterments naming 
Landlord and BP as additional insureds 
iii 
Automobile owned and non-owned 
A 
K 
iv. 
Comprehensive and Excess Liability Insurance 
naming Landlord, BP and Master Lessor as 
additional insureds 
A 
K 
6. 
Signage 
A 
K 
7. 
Landlord Approval of Signage 
A 
K 
8. 
Security Deposit 
KEY 
Tenant — Financial Trust Co., Inc. 
A 
= 
Assignee — Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
L 
Landlord — IGY-AYH St. Thomas Holdings, LLC 
BP 
Lender — Banco Popular de Puerto Rico 
EFTA00589030

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589031.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589031.pdf
----------------------------------------
ENCLOSURE No. I 
SPECIFICATION OF THE FABRICATION OF THE BOAT 
CE CAT.: B 
COLORS: 
- Bottom: 
- Deck: 
- Cabin: 
- Upholstery: 
- Tube: 
GRP HULL: 
- closed hull 
- anti-skid deck 
- self-bailing deck 
- two water bailing outlets 
- bow eye 
- two aft eyes 
- lifting eyes 
- "U" bench outside the cabin 
PNEUMATIC TUBE: 
- pneumatic tube made of Hypalon ORCA 
- nine independent tube chambers 
- Leafield inflation/deflation valves 
- Leafield pressure relief valves 
- double fender 
- external lifeline 
- internal lifeline 
- antislip patches on top of the tube 
CABIN: 
- closed 
- wipers on windows 
- windows made of glass 
- pneumatic chairs for 2 persons crew and benches for 10 persons 
- navigation lights 
- lights inside cabin 
- hatch on roof and bow 
- railings inside cabin 
- railings on the top of the cabin 
- sliding doors 
- electric panels 
-A/C 
- bow compartment designed for storing luggage 
OUTFITTING: 
- steering system hydraulic 
- batteries 3 x 105 Ah 
- electric installation 
- bilge pumps: manual and electric 
EFTA00589031
--- PAGE 2 ---
- two stainless steel fuel tanks 3501 each 
- navigation lights 
- bow bollard 
- battery charger from quay 
- compass 
- navigation Garmin GPSMAP 7012 with 2 screens, echosounder, VHF and Radar? 
- searchlight 
- small outfitting like paddles, boat hook, extinguishers (2pcs), life jackets (I 0pcs) 
- stainless steel protection above the engines 
REPAIR SET: 
- bilge plug - 1 pc 
- repair set (big version) - ORCA Hypalon patches - 1 pc 
- Leafield valves - 3 pcs of each (A6 and C7) 
- D-rings for the tube - 4 pcs 
- fender (rubbing strake) - 10 Im 
- closures for hatches - 2 pcs 
- gas springs for hatches - 2 pcs 
- bilge pump - 1 pc 
- wiper blades - 6 pcs 
EFTA00589032

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589033.pdf
----------------------------------------
Notice of Appointment of Trust 
Created under the 
Black Family 1997 Trust Agreement 
Dated: February 26, 2014 
NOTICE is hereby given that by Instrument of Appointment dated February 
20, 2014 (the "Instrument"), Barry J. Cohen ("Barry"), John J. Hannan ("John") and 
Richard Ressler ("Richard"), as the Independent Trustees of the Black Family 1997 Trust 
(the "Non-GST Exempt Trust") for the benefit of Debra R. Black ("Debra") and the 
descendants of Leon D. Black ("Leon") under a trust agreement dated July 30, 1997 (the 
"Trust Agreement"), between Leon, as Settlor, and Debra, Barry, John and Richard , as 
Trustees, have exercised their absolute power to invade the principal of the Non-GST 
Exempt Trust for the benefit of Leon's descendants and Debra, in accordance with 
Section 10-6.6(b) of the New York Estates Powers and Trusts Law, and appointed the 
entire property of the Non-GST Exempt Trust, including, without limitation, any 
contingent rights to receive property in the future, to Barry, John and Richard, as Trustees 
of a trust for the benefit of Debra and Leon's descendants under a Declaration dated 
February 20, 2014, by and between Barry, John and Richard, as Trustees and known as 
the "APO2 Declaration", to be held and disposed of pursuant to the terms and conditions 
set forth in the APO2 Declaration. 
A copy of this Notice, together with copies of the Instrument, the Trust 
Agreement (including The Black Family 1997 Trust Instrument of Division of Trust) and 
the APO2 Declaration were sent by Certified Mail, return receipt requested to each of (i) 
Leon D. Black, (ii) Debra R. Black, (iii) Benjamin E. Black, (iv) Joshua M. Black (v) 
Alexander S. Black and (vi) Victoria R. Black, on the date first above written. 
USI:89708396 
EFTA00589033

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589034.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, P.C. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
PARR PLAZA.SUITE IMO 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS 92116 
December 2, 2013 
Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71St St 
New York, NY 
INVOICE FOR LEGAL SERVICES 
For legal work from November I, 2013 through November 30, 2013 include email 
correspondence and review of court pleadings in CVRA case 
Martin Weinberg 
min@ $1000 p/h 
$ 
250.00 
Balance from Invoice of November 1, 2013 
$20,918.00 
Total owed 
$21,168.00 
Yours Truly 
Martin G Weinberg 
EFTA00589034

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589035.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589035.pdf
----------------------------------------
TON TA HADDAD, PA 
August 30, 2013 
Via Electronic Mail 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Re: 
Epstein v. Edwards et aL 
Mr. Scarola: 
Enclosed please find Mr. Epstein's Motion, pursuant to § 57.105 of the Florida 
Statutes, which we will file in the timeframe proscribed by the aforementioned Florida 
Statute should your client not immediately dismiss this action against Mr. Epstein, with 
prejudice. While the grounds for the Motion are delineated therein, please note that you 
are, and have been, on notice of the invalidity of this suit, as your Counterclaim against 
Mr. Epstein is neither supported by the material facts nor the application of existing law 
to those facts. 
While we are aware that our predecessor counsel has served these letters and motions 
upon you before, the fact that Mr. Edwards's Counterclaim cannot stand is further 
supported by the recent decision in Wolfe v. Foreman, 38 FLA. L. WEEKLY D1540 (July 
17, 2013), in which the court conducts a detailed analysis of the law applicable to both 
of Mr. Edwards's causes of action, and unequivocally reaches the same undeniable 
conclusion; there is no cause of action. A copy of the decision is enclosed herewith for 
your reference and consideration. 
I am hopeful that you and your client can objectively examine this case and its 
applicability to your pleadings, the facts upon which you rely therein, and the applicable 
case law, so that you can suitably assess your position. 
Sincerely, 
TONJA HADDAD, PA 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
for the firm 
cc: 
Bradley Edwards, Esq. 
EFTA00589035

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589036.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589036.pdf
----------------------------------------
Three B's LLC 
4900 - A Jefferson 
Albuquerque, M 87109 
Brice Gordon 
Zorro Ranch 
Stanley, NM 
Re: Stucco at Larry's house 
Brice, 
Here is the price for the above referenced project. 
the stucco is in really bad shape. I propose the following; 
Scrape all loose stucco to substrate 
Install nylon mesh 
Apply cement based waterproof wall ease (same material used as base coat on main house walls) 
Apply stucco (color to match) 
Paint trim 
Clean Area 
$ 10,100.00 plus tax 
Paint garage stucco to match house 
Paint trim 
Paint will not bridge any cracks in the stucco 
$2,200.00 
Stucco garage to match house, color coat only 
Repair cracks with mesh 
Apply color coat 
Paint trim 
$ 4,100.00 
Excludes tax 
If you have any question, please call me at 
Thank you, 
JJ Blea, Managing Partner 
EFTA00589036

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589037.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589037.pdf
----------------------------------------
QUOTATION PREPARED FOR 
ZORO RANCH 
QUOTATION PREPARED BY 
MIKE GRIEGO 
LIVING ROOM 
MODEL/DESCRIPTION 
PRICE 
EXTENDED 
OW 
SONY VPLVW1000ES 
$ 25,000.00 
$ 25,000.00 
4K 3D PROJECTOR 
I 
STEWART FILMSCREEN 
$ 10,000.00 
$ 10,000.00 
16' FILM SCREEN 
KEY DIGITAL KD5HDMI 
$ 
200.00 
$ 
400.00 
HDMI VIDEO BALUN 
I 
MARANTZ SR7008 
$ 1,999.00 
$ 
1,999.00 
9.2 HOME THEATER RECIVER WI AIRPLAY 
I 
SAMSUNG BDF5900 
$ 
200.00 
S 
200.00 
3D BLU-RAY DVD PLAYER 
I 
UNIVERSAL REMOTE MX780 
$ 
700.00 
$ 
700.00 
MASTER REMOTE 
I 
UNIVERSAL REMOTE MRF350 
$ 
250.00 
$ 
250.00 
RF BASE 
I 
MPS 
$ 
485.00 
$ 
485.00 
MISC. CAT6 CABLING, HDMI INNER-CONNECTS 
& INSTALL HARDWARE 
I 
SANDS CFR2127 
$ 1,000.00 
$ 1,000.00 
55" COMPONENT RACK 
EFTA00589037
--- PAGE 2 ---
APC AV 
SURGE SUIPRESSOR W/ BATTERY BACK UP 
$ 650.00 
$ 
650.00 
IN4 
$ 1,600.00 
$ 1,600.00 
INSTALL ALL SYSTEM COMPONENTS 
SUB-TOTAL 
$ 
42,284.00 
TAX 
$ 
2,959.88 
TOTAL 
$ 45, 243.88 
THANK YOU FOR THE OPPORTUNITY TO BID THIS JOH! 
NM LIC. 
EFTA00589038
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00589039

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589040.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589040.pdf
----------------------------------------
Simply Elegant LTD. 
General Contractin 
PROPOSAL #953-01 
Richard Barnett 
REF: 
July 12, 2013 
I. TO REMOVE AND DISPOSE OF DAMAGED 
BACKSPLASH. 
2. TO SUPPLY AND INSTALL NEW CORIAN 
BACKSPLASH TO MATCH EXISTING. 
LABOR & MATERIALS 
$ 3,400.00 
GENERAL CONDITION OVERHEAD AND PROFIT 
$ 
680.00 
TOTAL 
$ 4,080.00 
All manatal is penmen' to be at SMirltd. All work to be completed in a workmmtlike manner oozording to mondani prmuem. Any ottoman or deviation from the above 
thocothoutho involving cunt omit will be done only upon • antral change order. The mot will become a cum amuse 0,er and tow the mutant This it to ieoluale. buns am 
limited to, hidden denies dun ore unooveinl cluing the mine of the $b and additional work required by lueal kidding thoponom. 
All demean of this agreement ate COMItlytM upon sinker. accidents. or delays beyond cur cannot. The mutate door ox include mitecul ponce so:runes. or additional 
labor ind maenads into h may be requited sbould unforeseen problems arise atter the work has stoned 
You, the buyer. tray Called this wogruction at any time prior to midnight of the third business day atter the dine of the nantstun Cato elision mum be dais in writing. 
We Propose hereby to furnish material and labor - complete in accordance with above 
specifications, for the sum of: $ 4,080.00 
Authorized Signature 
Acceptance of Proposal: The above prices, specifications and conditions are satisfactory and 
are hereby accepted. You are authorized to do the work as specified. 
Payment will be made as outlined above. 
Signature: 
Date: 
EFTA00589040

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589041.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589041.pdf
----------------------------------------
Simply Elegant LTD. 
General Contracting 
PROPOSAL #953-01 
Richard Barnett 
REF: 9 East 71° Street, New York, NY 
July 12, 2013 
I. TO REMOVE AND DISPOSE OF DAMAGED 
BACKSPLASH. 
2. TO SUPPLY AND INSTALL NEW CORIAN 
BACKSPLASH TO MATCH EXISTING. 
LABOR & MATERIALS 
$ 3,400.00 
GENERAL CONDITION OVERHEAD AND PROFIT 
$ 
680.00 
TOTAL 
$ 4,080.00 
All miraial IF guaranteed to be at Speo:ifltd. All swot to be completed in a worknualike manner according in mandsd pecan. Any alterationor deviation teen, the above 
tvcitlaanocis involving extra emu will be done only upon a anima change order. The cons will become a emu am's< 0,er and tow the connate Ibm it to elude. but,, nix 
limited to, bidden damages drat are unowered dunng the mine of the job and idelmonal work rotund by looalbwlding lovecioo. 
All demeans of dux agreement are contingent upon sinker. moidents. or delays bey.xcloar control. The esturnte doors ox include material MCC matures. or additional 
labor and materials titdh may be required rib.wild unbitten problem, arise afar the work bar maned. 
You. the buyer. may caned this natraction at ray time prior to midnight of the third business day atter the dme of the trains:ism Cordellsaion mum be done in waning. 
We Propose hereby to furnish material and labor - complete in accordance with above 
specifications, for the sum of: $ 4,080.00 
Authorized Signature 
Acceptance of Proposal: The above prices, specifications and conditions are satisfactory and 
are hereby accepted. You are authorized to do the work as specified. 
Payment will be made as outlined above. 
Signature: 
Date: 
EFTA00589041

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589042.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589042.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, P.C. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
PARK PLAZA, SUITE 1000 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS 02116 
June 2, 2014 
Jeffrey Epstein 
E. 71st Street 
New York, NY 
INVOICE FOR LEGAL SERVICES 
May 6-June 1 2014 (analysis of filings of Jane Does seeking to file un-redacted 
pleadings, opposing protective order, research, drafting, editing, working with Richard 
Strafer at composing and finalizing the Reply Brief filed on 5-23-14) 
Martin G. Weinberg: 
hrs 15 minutes X $1000 p/hour 
$26,250.00 
Total Invoice 
$26,250.00 
Yours truly, 
Martin G Weinberg 
EFTA00589042
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00589043

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589044.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589044.pdf
----------------------------------------
File No. 
NEW MEXICO OFFICE OF THE STATE ENGINEER 
APPLICATION FOR PERMIT TO CHANGE AN EXISTING WATER RIGHT 
(Non 72-12-1) 
(check applicable boxes): 
For fees see State Engineer website: http://wvAv.ose.state.nm.us/ 
Change Purpose of Use 
Groundwater 
Surface Water 
Change Place of Use 
Additional Groundwater Point of 
Diversion (POD) 
Additional Surface Water Point 
of Diversion (POD) 
Change Point of Diversion (POD): 
From: 
Groundwater 0 Surface Water 
To: 
Groundwater • Surface Water 
• Groundwater 
• Surface Water 
M Temporary Change, NMSA 1978, § 72-12-7(B) Requested Start Date: 
Requested End Date: 
(Not to Exceed 3 ac-ft in One Year) 
ID Water Use Lease, NMSA 1978, §§ 72-6-1 to-7 Requested Start Date: 
Requested End Date: 
1. APPLICANT(S) (Required) Note: water-right owner must be listed as an applicant. 
Name: Cypress, Inc. 
Name: 
Contact or Agent: 
Brice M. Gordon 
check here if Agent 0 
Contact or Agent: 
check here if Agent 0 
Mailing Address: 49 Zorro Ranch Road 
Mailing Address: 
City: Stanley 
City: 
State: NM 
Zip Code: 87056 
State: 
Zip Code: 
Home 0 Cell 
Phone: 
Phone (Work): 
El Home • Cell 
E-mail (optional): 
E-mail (optional): 
2. CURRENT OSE FILE INFORMATION (Required) 
OSE File No(s): E-7871 ET ALS. 
Priority Date (if known): 11/22/2000 
Subfile/Cause No. (if applicable): 
3. CURRENT PURPOSE OF USE AND AMOUNT OF WATER (Required) 
El Domestic 
El Livestock 
El Irrigation 
Municipal 
Industrial 
Commercial 
Other Use (specify): Ranch Related 
Describe a specific use If applicable (i.e. sand & gravel washing, 
dairy etc):  
Amount of Water (acre-feet per annum): If more details are 
needed, type "See Comments" in "Other" field below, and explain 
in Additional Statements Section. 
Diversion: 
a/f 
Consumptive Use:  68 a/f 
Other (include units): 
FOR OSE INTERNAL USE 
Application for Permit Form wr-06, Rev 9/26/12 
File No.: 
Tm. No.: 
Receipt No.: 
Trans Description (optional): 
Sub-Basin: 
PCW/LOG Due Date: 
PEW Due Date: 
Page 1 of 6 
EFTA00589044
--- PAGE 2 ---
4. COUNTY WHERE WATER RIGHT IS CURRENTLY USED (Required) 
Santa Fe 
5. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS CONCERNING THE CURRENT WATER RIGHT 
6. CURRENT or MOVE-FROM POINT(S) OF DIVERSION (POD) (Required) 
Surface POD 
OR g Ground Water POD (Well) 
Name of ditch, acequia, or spring: 
Stream or water course: 
Tributary of: 
If application proposes a new point of diversion involving a diversion dam, storage dam, main canal, and/or pipeline, complete 
Attachment 2. 0 Check here if Attachment 2 is included in this application packet. 
POD Location Required: Coordinate 
Latitude/Longitude (LaVLong 
District II (Roswell) & District 
NM State Plane (NAD83) 
NM West Zone 
NM East Zone 
NM Central Zone 
location must be reported in NM 
- WGS84). 
VII (Cimarron) customers, provide a 
(Feet) 
UTM (NAD83) (Meters) 
State Plane (NAD 83), UTM (NAD 83), or 
PLSS location in addition to above. 
Lat/Long (WGS84) (to the nearest 
1/10th of second) 
NI Zone 12N 
Ozone 13N 
POD Number (if known): 
X or Easting or 
Longitude: 
Y or Northing 
or Latitude: 
Provide if known: 
-Public Land Survey System (PLSS) 
(Quarters or Halves, Section, Township, Range) OR 
- Hydrographic Survey Map 8 Tract; OR 
- Lot, Block 8 Subdivision; OR 
- Land Grant Name 
E-7871S 
105° 57' 43.6" 
35° 14' 5.6" 
NE 114 NE 114 SE 1/4 Sec. 27 T12N RO9E 
NOTE: If more PODS need to be described, complete form WR-08 
Additional point of diversion descriptions are attached: 0 Yes 
Attachment 1 — POD Descriptions) 
s No 
If yes, how many 
Point of Diversion is on Land Owned by: Cypress, Inc. 
Other description relating point of diversion to common landmarks, streets, or other: 
FOR 0SE INTERNAL USE 
Application for Permit, Form wr-06 
File Number: 
Tm Number. 
Page 2 of 6 
EFTA00589045
--- PAGE 3 ---
7. CURRENT or MOVE-FROM PLACE(S) OF USE (Required) 
The land is legally described by (check all that apply): 
lz Public Land Survey System (PLSS) (quarters. section, 
township, range) 
Irrigation or Conservation District Map 
Complete the blocks below for all tracts of land (more than one 
Survey Report or Map 
be provided for a tract if available): 
E Hydrographic 
E Subdivision 
Grant 
description can 
PLSS Quarters or Halves, 
and/or 
PLSS 
Section 
and/or 
PLSS 
Township 
and/or 
PLSS 
Range 
Acres 
Priority 
Name of Hydrographic Survey, 
and/or 
Map No. 
and/or 
Tract No. 
(Please list 
each tract 
individually) 
and/or 
Name of Irrigation or Conservation District, 
and/or 
Lot No. 
Name and County of Subdivision 
and/or 
Block No. 
Grant 
SW1/4 SW1/4 NE1/4 and NE1/4 SE1/4 NW1/4 
12N 
09E 
11/22/2000 
SE 114 
12N 
09E 
11/22/2000 
Total Acres: 
Other description relating place of use to common landmarks, streets, or other: 
Place of use is on land owned by (required): Cypress, Inc. 
Are there other sources of water for these lands? No 0 
Yes ED describe by OSE file number: E-6478 
Note: If on Federal or State Land, please provide copy of lease. 
FOR OSE INTERNAL USE 
Application for Permit, Form wr-06 
File Number: 
Tm Number. 
Page 3 of 6 
EFTA00589046
--- PAGE 4 ---
8. MOVE-TO PURPOSE OF USE AND AMOUNT OF WATER (Complete this section ONLY if the purpose of use is changing) 
Domestic 
Livestock 
Irrigation 
Municipal 
Industrial 
Commercial 
Other Use (specify): Ranch Related 
1.9 
Describe a specific use If applicable (i.e. sand & gravel washing. 
dairy etc):  
Amount of Water (acre-feet per annum): If more details are 
needed, type "See Comments' in 'Other field below, and explain 
in Additional Statements Section. 
Diversion: 
aft 
Consumptive Use:  68 a/f 
Other (include units): 
9. MOVE-TO POINT(S) OF DIVERSION (POD) (Complete this section ONLY if adding or replacing a POD) 
Surface POD 
OR 
IME Ground Water POD (Well) 
Name of ditch, acequia, or spring: 
Stream or water course: 
Tributary of: 
If application proposes a new point of diversion involving a diversion dam, storage dam, main canal, and/or pipeline, complete 
Attachment 2. 0 Check here if Attachment 2 is included in this application packet. 
POD 
Latitude/Longitude 
District 
NM 
III 
Location Required: Coordinate location must be reported in NM State Plane (NAD 
(Lat/Long - WGS84). 
II (Roswell) & District VII (Cimarron) customers, provide a PLSS location in addition 
State Plane (NAD83) (Feet) 
UTM (NAD83) (Meters) 
NM West Zone 
Ozone 12N 
NM East Zone 
Ozone 13N 
NM Central Zone 
83), 
Sit 
1/10th 
UTM (NAD 83), or 
to above. 
Lat/Long (WGS84) (to the nearest 
of second) 
POD Number (if known): 
X or Easting or 
Longitude: 
Y or Northing 
or Latitude: 
Provide if known: 
-Public Land Survey System (PLSS) 
(Quarters or Halves , Section, Township, Range) OR 
- Hydrographic Survey Map & Tract; OR 
- Lot, Block & Subdivision; OR 
- Land Grant Name 
E-6478-S2 
105° 57' 44.2" 
35° 14' 0.2" 
SE 1/4 NE 1/4 SE 1/4 Sec. 27 T12N R09E 
NOTE: If more PODS need to be described, complete form WR-08 
Additional POD descriptions are attached: 0 Yes 
No 
Attachment 1 - POD Descriptions) 
If yes, how many 
Other description relating point(s) of diversion to common landmarks, streets, or other: 
Point of Diversion is on Land Owned by: Cypress, Inc. 
Note: The following information is for wells only. If more than one 
Approximate depth of well (feet): 600.00 
(1) well needs to be described, provide attachment. 
Outside diameter of well casing (inches): 5.00 
Driller Name: Hydrogeologic Services 
Driller License Number: WD-1472 
If replacing the current well. is the current well to be plugged? 
Yes 0 No 
If No. state for what use it is retained: 
Et Not Applicable 
FOR OSE INTERNAL USE 
Application for Permit, Form wr-06 
File Number: 
Tm Number. 
Page 4 of 6 
EFTA00589047
--- PAGE 5 ---
10. MOVE-TO PLACE(S) OF USE (Complete this section ONLY if adding or changing a place of use) 
List each individually 
The land is legally described by (check all that apply): 
O Hydrographic Survey Report or Map 
Public Land Survey System (PLSS) (quarters, section, 
O Subdivision 
township, range) 
O Grant 
O Irrigation or Conservation District Map 
Complete the blocks below for all tracts of land (more than one description can be provided for a tract if available): 
PLSS Quarters or Halves, 
and/or 
PLSS 
Section 
and/or 
PLSS 
Township 
and/or 
PLSS 
Range 
Acres 
Priority 
Name of Hydrographic Survey, 
and/or 
Map No. 
and/or 
Tract No. 
(Please list 
each tract 
individually) 
and/or 
Name of Irrigation or Conservation District, 
and/or 
Lot No. 
Name and County of Subdivision 
and/or 
Block No. 
Grant 
See attached Ex. A for Places of Use 
11/22/2000 
Total Acres: 
Other description relating place of use to common landmarks, streets. or other: 
Place of use is on land owned by (required): Cypress, Inc. 
Are there other sources of water for these lands? 
describe by OSE file number: E-6478 
No O Yes Cr 
Note: If on Federal or State Land, please provide copy of lease. 
FOR OSE INTERNAL USE 
Application for Permit, Form wr-06 
File Number: 
Tm Number. 
Page 5 of 6 
EFTA00589048
--- PAGE 6 ---
11. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS OR EXPLANATIONS 
See attached Ex. B for additional statements. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
I, We (name of applicant(s)). Darren K. Indyke, Esq. 
Print Name(s) 
affirm that the foregoing statements are true to the best of (my, our) knowledge and belief. 
Applicant Signature 
Applicant Signature 
ACTION OF THE STATE ENGINEER 
This application is: 
approved 
partially approved 
denied 
provided it is not exercised to the detriment of any others having existing rights, and is not contrary to the conservation of water in New 
Mexico nor detrimental to the public welfare and further subject to the attached conditions of approval. 
Witness my hand and seal this 
day of 
, for the State Engineer, 
 State Engineer 
By:
Signature 
Title: 
Print 
Print 
FOR 0SE INTERNAL USE 
Application for Permit, Form wr-06 
File Number: 
Tm Number. 
Page 6 of 6 
EFTA00589049

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589050.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589050.pdf
----------------------------------------
G4LMGIUC 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
x 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
New York, N.Y. 
April 21, 2016 
11:05 a.m. 
Before: 
HON. 
District Judge 
APPEARANCES 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
BY: 
-and-
BY: 
-and-
HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN 
Attorneys for Defendant 
BY: LAURA A. MENNINGER 
JEFF PAGLUICA 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589050
--- PAGE 2 ---
G4LMGIUC 
(Case called) 
THE COURT: Welcome back. I have read the papers. 
Who knows. I might have missed something, but I think I've got 
it fairly well under control. I would be pleased to hear 
anything anybody wants to tell me in addition to what you've 
already given me. 
MS. 
Your Honor, this is Sigrid 
I 
would like to start, if it's convenient with the Court, with 
the pro hac vice motions that are pending because we would like 
counsel to be able to anticipate in these proceedings. Would 
that be all right if I started with that? 
THE COURT: I don't care. 
MS. 
Thank you. Your Honor, you have before 
you two pro hac vice motions. My client, 
would like to have counsel of record in the case be added as 
and 
We have presented 
those pro hacs to your Honor. This is the first time in my 
years of practice that I've had a contested one, so I've looked 
at the case law surrounding that and I think it is very clear 
that a client is entitled to counsel of choice in a case. 
In this matter she has selected these lawyers. They 
have been working with her. They had been working on this 
matter for many months now. We need them as counsel of record 
in the case now because we are going to have depositions 
throughout the country where, for example, Professor 
is 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589051
--- PAGE 3 ---
G4LMGIUC 
in Utah. He will be able to handle the Colorado depositions 
and things of that nature. We are here because those pro hac 
vice motions are being contested. The core piece of that is 
the argument that they should not be allowed to seek 
confidential information in this case. 
Your Honor will remember that I was before you a 
couple of weeks ago again trying to get the deposition of the 
defendant, which is set for tomorrow, but still hasn't occurred 
yet. And in order to expedite that process I agreed to the 
protective order that was put in front of the Court and I 
waived all of my objections to that in order to be able to 
facilitate and move that deposition forward. That protective 
order provides that attorneys who are actively working on the 
case can receive confidential material. 
My opposing counsel has interpreted that to mean that 
that must be a counsel of record in the case. We disagree with 
that interpretation. I wouldn't have agreed to a protective 
order knowing that they were already working on the case. If 
that were the situation, as your Honor can understand in this 
case, the majority of the material has been marked 
confidential, so it would prohibit my cocounsel from working on 
behalf of their client. 
Your Honor, I'm here to request on behalf of my 
client, 
that she be entitled to have her 
counsel of record of choice in this matter. If your Honor will 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589052
--- PAGE 4 ---
G4LMGIUC 
indulge me, I would like Mr. 
to address his pro hac 
motion, please. 
MR. 
Good morning, your Honor, 
I'm a law professor. 
THE COURT: I don't want to hear it. Sorry. No. 
Thanks very much. 
MR. 
Thank you, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Anything from the defense. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Yes, your Honor. Jeff Pagliuca on 
behalf of Ms. Maxwell. 
Your Honor, I have never opposed a pro hac motion in 
my 34 years of practice, so this is a first for me. But it is 
clear, your Honor, that these lawyers will be witnesses in this 
case. 
THE COURT: This we don't know. I can't make that 
determination now. Anything else? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Yes. 
THE COURT: You may be totally right, but I don't 
know. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Your Honor, here is the problem. This 
case is about the plaintiff's false allegations. 
THE COURT: Yes. I think I picked up on that. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: These are the lawyers that wrote the 
false allegations. 
THE COURT: I think I picked up on that, too. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589053
--- PAGE 5 ---
G4LMGIUC 
MR. PAGLIUCA: These are the lawyers that admitted 
that these were false allegations. 
THE COURT: I know. I don't have to tell you, you 
know, there is going to be all kinds of privilege issues, all 
kinds of issues about whether or not they have to testify. We 
are not at that stage. I cannot and I will not decide that 
now. 
What else? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: There is a problem with the sharing of 
confidential information with these lawyers. These lawyers 
have both personal and professional interests. 
THE COURT: I understand that. I get that point. 
Anything else? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: No, your Honor. 
THE COURT: This is what we will do on the pro hac. 
Everybody agrees, nobody, maybe in the world, but nobody in 
this courtroom, including me, has dealt with this kind of 
problem before. That's perhaps only one of a number of issues 
that are unique about this case. That's neither here nor 
there. Clearly, the plaintiff has the right to consult with 
any lawyer she chooses. However, the materials here are 
sensitive. I don't know the extent to which they have been 
designated confidential, but I'm quite sure that a substantial 
number of them have been, by the very nature of the case, I 
guess. Let me put it this way. I want to be sure that we 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589054
--- PAGE 6 ---
G4LMGIUC 
enforce the confidentiality appropriately. 
Now, with those preliminary thoughts in mind I am 
going to deny the motion at this time because I know that there 
is a statement, some kind of a statement from the mediator in 
the Florida action. When I get a piece of paper that says the 
Florida action is dismissed, a court order or whatever, then 
this motion can be renewed. 
Also, I want an affidavit from the two lawyers that 
there is no matter in which they are personally involved, that 
they are making no claim, there is no claims, there is no 
litigation in which they are involved. The reason I say that 
is that I would not grant the application for a pro hac status 
to a party in this or a related litigation. If I get those 
affidavits and the statement about the closure of the Florida 
case in which they are a party, then the application can be 
renewed and at that point I would be probably inclined, unless 
something else comes up or unless the defense tells me 
something that I don't now know, I would grant the application 
that brings us to the order itself and the meaning of the 
order. I think active in the litigation is the key phrase. 
The plaintiff has listed the people that she considers would be 
appropriate and it's these two gentleman and I think one other 
person, and that's fine. That is the definition. 
However, I'm also going to ask the parties to agree 
upon an order that would expand the confidentiality agreement 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589055
--- PAGE 7 ---
G4LMGIUC 
to this extent, to require the plaintiff to indicate to me and 
to the defense if there is anyone else who is going to be 
active in the litigation. I'll tell you why I feel this way. 
I want to be sure that we can enforce the confidential aspect 
of that agreement, and I think that could be critical down the 
line. That's the reason for those requests. 
Now, we also have a motion to compel. 
MS. 
Your Honor, can I just get 
clarification very quickly because I don't want to have to come 
back to the court so I want to make sure I'm following 
correctly. Your ruling, because we have a deposition tomorrow 
that counsel was going to be assisting me with, particularly on 
the Fifth Amendment --
THE COURT: Can't have access unless I get these 
materials by then. If I do, that's something else. If I do, 
fine. Otherwise, they can't have access to the confidential 
data. They can assist. 
MS. 
Can I just point something out to the 
Court as well. 
THE COURT: The plaintiff can have any lawyer she 
wants. The question is the confidential materials. 
MS. 
Can I just point the Court to one more 
issue, because this is their protective order. They now said 
to the Court that these two individuals are witnesses or 
potential witnesses. The protective order allows in Section G 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589056
--- PAGE 8 ---
G4LMGIUC 
confidential material to go to deponents, witnesses or 
potential witnesses. 
THE COURT: That's a different issue. I have not 
dealt with that. Obviously anybody who is a witness may have 
access to the confidential material, because they have to buy 
into the confidentiality order in order to do that. But they 
are outside of it at the moment. 
MS. 
Your ruling is, they cannot attend the 
deposition tomorrow? 
THE COURT: They can. Anybody can attend the 
deposition that anybody wants to have, but they can't 
participate in it. They can't have access to the confidential 
material until we get this matter straightened out. Ok. 
MS. 
I understand, your Honor. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Your Honor, we will be designating the 
testimony as confidential. 
THE COURT: You see. There you go. That's life. I 
can't believe that this entire testimony is going to be 
confidential. Honestly, you all are too much. Ok. If that's 
what you do, you know that's not going to work because not all 
of this stuff at issue is going be to confidential. No, no 
way. What is your name? Ok. We will deal with tomorrow's 
problem tomorrow. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Ok, your Honor. 
THE COURT: The compel. Anybody want to add anything 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589057
--- PAGE 9 ---
G4LMGIUC 
on that? 
MS. MENNINGER: Yes, your Honor. Laura Menninger on 
behalf of Ms. Maxwell. I have taken the liberty, your Honor, 
of just making a very short little cheat sheet of the 
outstanding issues, if I may approach. 
THE COURT: Yes. It will be interesting to see if 
yours is the same as the one we have prepared. Yours is much 
longer than ours. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, I'm happy to address all 
of the ones on mine. I certainly am also happy to take 
direction from the Court regarding issues that you believe to 
still be of more interest. 
THE COURT: As I say, I've read your papers. I would 
be pleased to hear anything you want to add that you think is 
not covered or you want to respond or anything like that. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, one of the largest and 
most significant pieces to us are the assertions by plaintiff 
that her own communications with law enforcement are somehow 
protected by 
THE COURT: I'm prepared to deal with that. 
MS. MENNINGER: The second one, your Honor, and it 
relates somewhat to the issues already presented on the pro hac 
motions, are our requests for the fee agreements with all of 
plaintiff's various 15 or so lawyers who purport to be 
representing her. Your Honor, I can find no case law that 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589058
--- PAGE 10 ---
G4LMGIUC 
suggests that the agreements are privileged, as plaintiff 
argues. She has refused to identify when these individuals 
began their representations, the nature of the representations. 
THE COURT: There is a little confusion here, at least 
in my mind, as to what we are talking about. I certainly 
understand the two gentlemen whose applications I have just 
dealt with and the third person, who I take it is affiliated 
with the 
firm. 
Obviously, over time the plaintiff has probably 
conferred with other lawyers. But who cares? Let's assume she 
has talked to 20 more lawyers. You want all those retainers? 
That doesn't make any sense. What is the universe we are 
talking about? 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, I certainly understand all 
of the members of the 
firm that currently represent her. 
The third individual, if I understand correctly, is a gentleman 
by the name of 
He is a lawyer of some renown. 
He is also an author of best-selling books. He is listed quite 
frequently on plaintiff's privilege log as being part and 
parcel of advice being given to her on, quote/unquote, media 
issues. 
THE COURT: That is one. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, there are other persons 
listed on their privilege log. Many are listed as counsel for 
plaintiff, but others are listed. Attorney giving advice to 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589059
--- PAGE 11 ---
G4LMGIUC 
victim's --
THE COURT: Is what you want the retainer agreements, 
if there are any, whatever the arrangements are, with anybody 
on the privilege log that is listed as rendering advice? 
MS. MENNINGER: Yes, your Honor. That, I think, would 
be appropriate because some of our biggest issues concern the 
privilege log. 
THE COURT: I understand. 
What else? 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, we have asked for, but 
been denied by plaintiff, her own deposition testimony in the 
Florida action. In that case the Court entered a confidential 
order --
THE COURT: I'm prepared to deal with it. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, the next topic are 
plaintiff's medical records. 
THE COURT: I think I understand that. There is one 
thing, though. Are there any pre-'99 medical records? 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, the case law is quite 
clear that injuries that were preexisting --
THE COURT: I'm sorry. Excuse me. Go ahead. 
MS. MENNINGER: Plaintiff has alleged that the 
defamation of this action triggered or caused her to reflect 
back upon her alleged sexual abuse. She has also alleged, for 
example, that many, several, three, I think, at last count, or 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589060
--- PAGE 12 ---
G4LMGIUC 
four individuals had sexually abused her prior to ever meeting 
Mr. Epstein. 
If she has evidence that she already was suffering 
from depression or some type of mental health disorder before 
meeting our client, Ms. Maxwell, or Mr. Epstein, then her 
flashbacks, if you will, could be related to other incidents 
that she has put out in the press. And she, I believe, has 
also told the press that she was in a drug rehabilitation 
facility at the time that she met Mr. Epstein. 
Obviously, to the extent she was under the influence 
of drugs, which is what she has told the press, at the time she 
met him, she persisted in being addicted to drugs during the 
time that she knew Mr. Epstein, and it certainly relates to all 
of her requests for, I believe she has requested S30 million in 
damages, your Honor, not just from the defamation, but also 
harkening back to what she claims were her years as a sex abuse 
victim. 
THE COURT: What's the basis of your statement that we 
will call it the flashback? 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, I believe --
THE COURT: Because, quite frankly, I was unaware of 
that. Is that my error? Are you telling me something that's 
not quite right? 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, I believe that is what 
plaintiff has alleged in her complaint. If you can give me a 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589061
--- PAGE 13 ---
G4LMGIUC 
moment. To the extent she is now alleging she suffers from 
emotional distress from any preexisting --
THE COURT: That's from the defamation. 
MS. MENNINGER: She claims it's from the defamation. 
However, your Honor, if she has preexisting conditions that 
were truly the cause of whatever emotional injury she claims 
that she now possesses 
THE COURT: Correct me if I'm wrong, and perhaps 
plaintiff will make it clear, my understanding is that the 
injuries alleged result from the claim of the alleged 
defamation, period. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, she has claimed emotional 
distress from the defamation, yes. We are requesting evidence 
that would show that she has preexisting emotional conditions. 
THE COURT: Not from the defamation. 
MS. MENNINGER: Not from the defamation. From the 
many, many other things that have occurred in her life 
predating even her meeting Mr. Epstein and Ms. Maxwell, as she 
has told the press, not because we told the press that. 
Your Honor, it is difficult, if not impossible, to 
address her claimed S30 million emotional distress from a 
defamation statement that was a denial of her allegations 
versus any emotional distress or emotional conditions she 
already had before any such statement was made. 
Similarly, your Honor, we have asked for discovery of 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589062
--- PAGE 14 ---
G4LMGIUC 
her claimed prior sexual abuse. She has, again, put in the 
press a number of statements regarding that, and I can't 
imagine that it is to the extent she claims privacy now, those 
might be relevant in our case both on credibility and also 
damage issues. 
Your Honor, we have asked for a lot of other 
interrogatories and documents that go to her damage claims, her 
education records, her work history. She has refused to answer 
any questions before where she has worked. She has refused to 
answer any questions about where she went to school. All of 
these are appropriate under the local rule for interrogatories. 
Finally, your Honor, we have asked for her contracts 
with media. She has refused to disclose those. She has 
refused to disclose her tax returns that show all of the 
payments that she has received from various media sources. 
THE COURT: I take it your view of any funds from the 
media would operate to reduce her damages. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, it also shows her motive 
and bias in bringing this case. To the extent she has been 
paid for her stories to the media, which she has, she has 
admitted that she has been paid hundreds of thousands of 
dollars for giving these stories to the media. 
But to the extent that she is now bringing this 
defamation claim, if she is still either planning to receive 
more money from the media, she has a motive and bias to make 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589063
--- PAGE 15 ---
G4LMGIUC 
her story consistent with her previous stories. She has 
claimed $5 million in lost wages, your Honor. This is a person 
who has worked primarily as a waitress in the last 15 years, 
until her media sensational story was purchased from her by 
some British press. 
THE COURT: Anything else? 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, the other issues are 
addressed in our papers. We have highlighted her incomplete 
production on several fronts and her refusal to answer any 
interrogatories. So I would rest on my papers with respect to 
the other arguments. Thank you. 
MS. 
Thank you, your Honor. I'd like to be 
very clear here, your Honor. Discovery production, I've tried 
to do that in our papers. But listening to opposing counsel 
I'm concerned maybe she hasn't reviewed the documents we have 
produced. We have clearly produced all of the media 
communications she has, including records --
THE COURT: All the media. 
MS. 
All of the media communications. She 
has issued wildly broad requests in this case which we have 
complied with. We ran over 200 search terms. Her request No. 
alone seeks communications with over 100 individuals. And we 
have complied, your Honor. This is coming from the defendant 
who until Monday night, when you directed her to produce 
privileged information, has only produced two e-mails in this 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589064
--- PAGE 16 ---
G4LMGIUC 
case. 
Your Honor, we have complied with our production. We 
have produced the materials that she is saying we have not 
produced. It's incorrect. We have produced her school records 
that we have. We have produced her tax records that we have. 
We have produced all of those items that we have. 
With respect to her medical records I am going to 
direct you to the case that is cited in our brief as the Evanko 
case and it was a similar circumstance to here. It was a Title 
VII case where there were emotional distress damages being 
alleged and the Court found that the other side could not have 
carte blanche ruling over all of her medical records from the 
time she was born to the present. We met and conferred on two 
hours on their discovery requests, your Honor. We agreed to 
produce all of her medical records that we had from 1999 to 
2002 and anything else we had that was related to the sexual 
abuse she endured at the hands of the defendant and 
Mr. Epstein. We have agreed to produce those. 
We have already started producing those records from 
the various doctors, from the treating physicians. Those are 
in their production. Should they be entitled to things that 
happened prior to that? Absolutely not, your Honor. They are 
not entitled to a full-scale production of everything that's 
happened in this young lady's life. She was abused by these 
individuals. She shouldn't be reabused by having to disclose 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589065
--- PAGE 17 ---
G4LMGIUC 
things that happened prior to her time with them. Your Honor, 
we do object to the production of that material. 
THE COURT: The flashback allegation. 
MS. 
I think what she may be referring to, I 
have not heard that term used, I think what she may be 
referring to was the fact that this is a defamation claim and 
the person who defamed my client was also an abuser, we allege. 
So when she is defamed by the person who abused her and that 
abuser is calling her a liar, that caused her significant 
emotional distress. It's different than if some other 
individual that she had not had contact with called her a liar. 
When she is talking about a flashback, maybe that's what she is 
referring to, but we don't have the word flashback anywhere in 
our complaint. 
THE COURT: No. I made that up. 
There will be no claim by the plaintiff that the 
defamation caused her distress by making her aware or as a 
result of the prior sexual abuse. 
MS. 
The sexual abuse by the defendants? 
THE COURT: No. 
MS. 
Sexual abuse by others. 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MS. 
No. Sexual abuse that relates to the 
Epstein period, yes. 
THE COURT: That I understand. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589066
--- PAGE 18 ---
G4LMGIUC 
MS. 
I think we are on the same page. 
THE COURT: I think talking about the earlier period. 
MS. 
Prior to Epstein, no, no, she doesn't 
have a claim with respect to that. 
THE COURT: Anything else? 
MS. 
Your Honor, I just want to point out 
again that our production -- you asked us to complete that. We 
have gone through and run over 200 search terms. We have 
produced all of those communications she has had with all of 
those individuals. The things that we have not produced are 
the criminal investigation records. I know your Honor is going 
to address that. I would like to be very clear there. 
The point there is that she has said in the motion to 
stay papers that she filed Tuesday that she needs to have that 
information so she can decide whether she is going to be 
asserting her Fifth Amendment privilege. Truthful testimony 
shouldn't have to be crafted, your Honor. She shouldn't need 
to know what agency is investigating her in order to decide 
whether or not she is going to be asserting her Fifth Amendment 
privilege. 
We do have with us, your Honor, for an in camera 
submission, if you would like it. That is the way that courts 
have dealt with this issue in the past. When there is a claim 
from an agency that the disclosure of that investigation could 
harm the investigation, we can submit that to you for in camera 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589067
--- PAGE 19 ---
G4LMGIUC 
review so you are aware of the ongoing investigation. But it 
is my view that that needs to be protected. 
As you probably know, the history of these cases with 
Mr. Epstein, there were a variety of things that went on in 
that investigation, so there is reason to keep an investigation 
in this situation protected so that they can properly 
investigate and move forward with that without being inhibited 
by other individuals. Your Honor, I would ask that that remain 
protected. It's covered by her very, very broad requests, 
which is why we had to lodge those objections. I would 
appreciate your Honor considering our arguments with respect to 
that issue. 
The other things, your Honor, that she has raised is, 
for example, she had asked for the Epstein settlement agreement 
and that was one of the things that she asked for. We agreed 
to produce that if we got the waiver from Mr. Epstein because 
we can't produce it without that waiver. 
I believe that covers it, your Honor. If you have any 
questions, I would be happy to answer them. 
THE COURT: Thanks very much. 
Thank you all for all the clarification that you've 
given me. I much appreciate it. 
With respect to the retainers and the dates of 
representation, that information will be provided for any 
attorney that's listed on the privilege log. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589068
--- PAGE 20 ---
G4LMGIUC 
The plaintiff has told me that they have now supplied 
all the education and employment records that they have. I 
think if there is any question about that, if the defense is 
skeptical, I would ask the counsel for the plaintiffs to make 
that statement on the record, not necessarily here, but by way 
of a statement to the Court and principally to the defendant. 
On the question of residences, that's, in my view, not 
a contention interrogatory because of the nature of this case. 
I think it's more like listing witnesses. So I would say that 
the plaintiff should supply all residences. 
The Dershowitz deposition will be produced under the 
confidentiality provision. As I read what I've been given, 
it's to be held in confidence and it will remain in confidence, 
but it will be produced. 
Yes, the tax returns should be produced. 15 years 
seems like -- I see. Ok. 15 years. 
The medical records of the period '99 to 2002 will be 
produced and the plaintiff will indicate whether that 
production is complete or, if it isn't complete, when it will 
be complete. 
As for the pre-'99 medical records, based on where we 
are at the moment, I do not believe that those are relevant. 
Because the damage issue relates, in my view, solely to the 
defamation. If that changes in any way, I will revisit that 
issue. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589069
--- PAGE 21 ---
G4LMGIUC 
The criminal investigation. Any materials that the 
plaintiff has with respect to any criminal investigations will 
be turned over except for any statements made by the plaintiff 
to law enforcement authority and those statements, if there are 
such, will be submitted in camera, and I will review them. 
I hope that clears up our problems. Tell me if I have 
failed in my effort to do so. Yes, ma'am. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, two quick things, I think. 
With respect to medical records, we also certainly believe that 
the period from the time the statement was made in January 2015 
until the present, because she has claimed emotional distress 
from that defamation --
THE COURT: Sure, yes. 
MS. MENNINGER: The problem is, we have asked through 
interrogatory what were the names of the medical providers 
because they have not disclosed who her medical providers were. 
So there is no way for us to tell whether the records in fact 
have been sought from and produced with respect to each of 
those medical providers. I will say that other records in the 
possession of plaintiff lists other doctors who they have not 
asked for records from or releases. 
THE COURT: Let's see if we can clear that up. 
MS. 
We have disclosed the names. She has 
those names. We have also disclosed records, the more recent 
records. We have not contested that. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589070
--- PAGE 22 ---
G4LMGIUC 
With respect to the interrogatories, your Honor ruled 
on this previously, but there is a local Rule 33.3, which is 
why we didn't serve interrogatories in this case at this point. 
She is deposing the plaintiff in two weeks, next week, whenever 
it is, and can certainly ask those questions as well. But we 
have disclosed the names of the providers. 
MS. MENNINGER: They have not, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Look. Wait just a moment. You two are 
lawyers. Now, that is not an issue about which you should 
differ. Go over in the corner right now, both of you, and 
let's make it clear who is telling me the right story. Now. 
I take it that I misunderstood the colloquy and that 
this matter has been resolved. 
MS. 
Your Honor, I think there was a 
misunderstanding with respect --
THE COURT: I was sure. 
MS. 
Dr. Olsen has been noticed for 
deposition in Colorado already. In my view, we have disclosed 
the doctors. Ms. Menninger says that there is other doctors 
that have been disclosed in documents that we have not yet 
listed to her. I think in discovery we are finding 
additional --
THE COURT: You think you may not have discovered that 
your client has had some doctors --
MS. 
In the past. We are talking about 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589071
--- PAGE 23 ---
G4LMGIUC 
years and years ago. The recent doctors we have disclosed they 
have noticed for deposition. 
THE COURT: What else? 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, with respect to the 
employment and education records, as you heard plaintiff say, 
she has disclosed, quote/unquote, what she has. Under local 
rule 33.3, we are allowed to ask for the names of witnesses 
with knowledge at the outset of the case, and they might be 
custodians of records. We asked her who have been your 
employers. She won't tell us who her employers have been. She 
has just gone through her computer and say if I have an 
employment record I'll give it to you, but I am not going to 
tell you who her employers were. 
THE COURT: She will. 
MS. MENNINGER: Same thing with the education records. 
We asked her to list where she had gone to school and tell us 
where it is. She won't do it. Those are the things where my 
skepticism arises from. 
Largely, to the extent your Honor has ordered the 
production of whatever materials, criminal investigation 
materials that were not to be submitted in camera, those were 
the ones that involved plaintiff's statements, we would like 
the other materials that they have brought with them today to 
give to your Honor that do not encompass their client's 
statements to law enforcement. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589072
--- PAGE 24 ---
G4LMGIUC 
THE COURT: I don't know whether there are such. Is 
it possible that nothing in this lawsuit is clear? Well, I 
tried to make it clear what should be produced and what 
shouldn't. Anything that has been submitted to any law 
enforcement officer by the plaintiff I will take in camera. 
Anything other than that with respect to any law enforcement 
should be produced. 
MS. MENNINGER: Thank you, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Thank you, all. I think we have the 
pleasure of your company 
do we need you next week? We are 
up to date, aren't we? 
MS. 
Your Honor, we have a motion with 
respect to our discovery that's set for next Thursday. 
THE COURT: That's fine. 
MS. 
Just before we adjourn, because 
Mr. 
had a question, and I just want to make sure that I 
understand, with respect to tomorrow's deposition, they are 
entitled to attend but have to leave the room if confidential 
information is disclosed? 
THE COURT: That's where we are at the moment, unless 
it changes. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Your Honor, with regard to next 
Thursday, both Ms. Menninger and I have other matters that are 
previously scheduled and it would be impossible for us to take 
care of those matters and be here at the same time. I'm 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589073
--- PAGE 25 ---
G4LMGIUC 
wondering what the Court would like to do about that. 
THE COURT: First of all, you know how we play this 
game. You don't ask me first. You ask your opponent first. 
Have you done that? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: I have not, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Will you? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: I certainly will, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Now. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Absolutely. 
THE COURT: You can go over to the corner, too. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: I think we need a corner bar on this, 
your Honor. 
Ms. 
I'm wondering if we can get a mutually 
convenient date to hear that matter as opposed to next 
Thursday. 
MS. 
Of course. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: That was simple enough, your Honor. 
MS. 
Your Honor, one more thing. I didn't 
realize that my counsel can submit that stipulation to you 
because that case has been settled --
THE COURT: If I get something that closes that case 
and I get the affidavit that there are no other matters in 
which they have any claims or defenses relating to any of these 
statements, that will do it. 
MS. 
Your Honor, so I know, if we can submit 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589074
--- PAGE 26 ---
G4LMGIUC 
that by fax this afternoon, will they be able to attend the 
deposition tomorrow? 
THE COURT: I would think so, if I think those are 
adequate representations and so on. The statement from a 
mediator doesn't mean anything to me. Something that has a 
court sign to it. That I understand. But the mediator saying 
that it's settled doesn't work for me. 
MR. 
Your Honor, maybe Mr. Edwards could 
briefly explain Florida procedure. The case has been 
dismissed, but it does not require a Court's signature. 
Mr. Edwards can elaborate more fully on that. 
MR. EDWARDS: Sure. If I may. There are two ways in 
which a case can be dismissed in Florida. One is by way of a 
court order. The other is by way of a stipulation. That is 
what was done. There was a stipulation of dismissal signed by 
both parties, that being the plaintiff and the defendants and 
counsel, that has been done and that was dismissed. 
THE COURT: That's filed in the case. 
MR. EDWARDS: That's filed in the case and filed in 
the court. 
THE COURT: Do you have a copy of that? 
MR. EDWARDS: I can get a copy of it immediately. 
THE COURT: Give it to the defense. If they have any 
problems, they will let me know. That sounds all right to me. 
What do I know about Florida except that it's flat and hot. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589075
--- PAGE 27 ---
G4LMGIUC 
Your representation sounds right. 
MR. EDWARDS: Additionally, just with respect to the 
affidavit, there needs to be an affirmation that we have no 
other claims that relate to the statements in this case. Is 
that what we are saying? 
THE COURT: I think it should be broader than that. I 
think it should be -- look. I don't think it would be 
appropriate if there is any possibility for either of you to 
being a party. That's what I'm after. And having any 
proceedings against you arising out of the situation with the 
plaintiff. I think it would be inappropriate for you to be 
counsel if you have the potentiality of being a party, either 
plaintiff or defendant, in any proceedings. If I get an 
affidavit saying that you're unaware of any claims against you 
or any intention to make a claim arising out of the 
circumstances surrounding this lawsuit, that should be broad. 
I think that would satisfy me. 
MR. EDWARDS: Ok. 
MR. 
I'll be filing those materials this 
afternoon, your Honor. My plan is to attend --
THE COURT: The defense has a thought on this. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Your Honor, I am looking at documents 
from Florida. One is a docket sheet captioned: Epstein v. 
and 
Lower Tribune Cases 15 000072 
which shows that that matter is still pending. There is 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589076
--- PAGE 28 ---
G4LMGIUC 
another case, as I understand it, Edwards v. Epstein and 
Rothstein, which is also pending. I can confer about this, 
your Honor. 
THE COURT: Let's do this. When do you plan to return 
to the snow fields? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: There is still snow on the ground, your 
Honor. Well, Friday night or Saturday morning is my current 
plan. 
THE COURT: That's great. Whatever the applicants 
have on this subject, please turn it over. You all can work 
out how you are going to do that. Turn it over to the defense. 
And if there is anything you want me to do, I would be prepared 
to do it tomorrow. But that way I hope we can get it cleared 
up. 
MS. 
Your Honor, we do have the deposition 
of the defendant scheduled for tomorrow. 
THE COURT: Then everybody will be having a nice time 
together. Maybe you can all go out and have lunch, have a 
drink, and exchange these documents and go away happy. Not 
likely, but perhaps, depending on where you have lunch. 
MS. 
Thank you, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Anything else? 
MS. MENNINGER: Nothing. 
THE COURT: Thank you, all. 
One thing. I would appreciate it if counsel would get 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589077
--- PAGE 29 ---
G4LMGIUC 
together on my request for additional coverage in the 
confidentiality agreement. 
MS. 
Sure. 
THE COURT: Thanks a lot. 
o0o 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589078
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA00589079

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589080.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589080.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K INDYKE 
MN 
March 31, 2016 
CERTIFIED MAIL 
RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED 
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
Alfred E. Smith Building 
South Swan Street 
Albany, NY 12210 
Re: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein - Offender ID 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
In connection with the registration of Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, Offender ID 
as a sex offender in the State of New York, this is to advise you of the purchase of a 
cay immediately adjacent to Little St. James, known as Great St. James. Mr. Epstein 
has no intention of moving his permanent residence to Great St. James. He does not 
reside or sleep on Great St. James. However, he does intend to visit the cay 
regularly, and in an overabundance of caution, requests that Great St. James be 
added to the list of Mr. Epstein's addresses. Mr. Epstein's permanent residence shall 
remain as Little St. James and his mailing address shall remain as 6100 Red Hook 
Quarter, B3, St. Thomas, USVI. 
Consistent with your previous instructions, Mr. Epstein has signed and dated 
this letter in the space provided below to confirm the purchase of Great St. James 
and its addition to the list of Mr. Epstein's addresses previously disclosed to your 
office. 
EFTA00589080
--- PAGE 2 ---
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
March 31, 2016 
Page 2 
office, 
If you require any further information, please fe 
at my 
or on my mobile telephone number, 
Respectfully, 
Darren Indyke 
CONFIRMED: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dated: 
EFTA00589081

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589082.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589082.pdf
----------------------------------------
G4LMGIUC 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
x 
Civ. 7433 (RWS) 
New York, N.Y. 
April 21, 2016 
11:05 a.m. 
Before: 
HON. ROBERT W. SWEET, 
District Judge 
APPEARANCES 
BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
BY: SIGRID STONE McCAWLEY 
-and-
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
BY: BRAD EDWARDS 
-and-
PAUL G. CASSELL 
HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN 
Attorneys for Defendant 
BY: LAURA A. MENNINGER 
JEFF PAGLUICA 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589082
--- PAGE 2 ---
G4LMGIUC 
(Case called) 
THE COURT: Welcome back. I have read the papers. 
Who knows. I might have missed something, but I think I've got 
it fairly well under control. I would be pleased to hear 
anything anybody wants to tell me in addition to what you've 
already given me. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Your Honor, this is Sigrid McCawley. I 
would like to start, if it's convenient with the Court, with 
the pro hac vice motions that are pending because we would like 
counsel to be able to anticipate in these proceedings. Would 
that be all right if I started with that? 
THE COURT: I don't care. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Thank you. Your Honor, you have before 
you two pro hac vice motions. My client, 
would like to have counsel of record in the case be added as 
Professor Paul Cassell and Brad Edwards. We have presented 
those pro hacs to your Honor. This is the first time in my 
years of practice that I've had a contested one, so I've looked 
at the case law surrounding that and I think it is very clear 
that a client is entitled to counsel of choice in a case. 
In this matter she has selected these lawyers. They 
have been working with her. They had been working on this 
matter for many months now. We need them as counsel of record 
in the case now because we are going to have depositions 
throughout the country where, for example, Professor Cassell is 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589083
--- PAGE 3 ---
G4LMGIUC 
in Utah. He will be able to handle the Colorado depositions 
and things of that nature. We are here because those pro hac 
vice motions are being contested. The core piece of that is 
the argument that they should not be allowed to seek 
confidential information in this case. 
Your Honor will remember that I was before you a 
couple of weeks ago again trying to get the deposition of the 
defendant, which is set for tomorrow, but still hasn't occurred 
yet. And in order to expedite that process I agreed to the 
protective order that was put in front of the Court and I 
waived all of my objections to that in order to be able to 
facilitate and move that deposition forward. That protective 
order provides that attorneys who are actively working on the 
case can receive confidential material. 
My opposing counsel has interpreted that to mean that 
that must be a counsel of record in the case. We disagree with 
that interpretation. I wouldn't have agreed to a protective 
order knowing that they were already working on the case. If 
that were the situation, as your Honor can understand in this 
case, the majority of the material has been marked 
confidential, so it would prohibit my cocounsel from working on 
behalf of their client. 
Your Honor, I'm here to request on behalf of my 
client, 
that she be entitled to have her 
counsel of record of choice in this matter. If your Honor will 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589084
--- PAGE 4 ---
G4LMGIUC 
indulge me, I would like Mr. Cassell to address his pro hac 
motion, please. 
MR. CASSELL: Good morning, your Honor, Paul Cassell. 
I'm a law professor. 
THE COURT: I don't want to hear it. Sorry. No. 
Thanks very much. 
MR. CASSELL: Thank you, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Anything from the defense. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Yes, your Honor. Jeff Pagliuca on 
behalf of Ms. Maxwell. 
Your Honor, I have never opposed a pro hac motion in 
my 34 years of practice, so this is a first for me. But it is 
clear, your Honor, that these lawyers will be witnesses in this 
case. 
THE COURT: This we don't know. I can't make that 
determination now. Anything else? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Yes. 
THE COURT: You may be totally right, but I don't 
know. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Your Honor, here is the problem. This 
case is about the plaintiff's false allegations. 
THE COURT: Yes. I think I picked up on that. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: These are the lawyers that wrote the 
false allegations. 
THE COURT: I think I picked up on that, too. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589085
--- PAGE 5 ---
G4LMGIUC 
MR. PAGLIUCA: These are the lawyers that admitted 
that these were false allegations. 
THE COURT: I know. I don't have to tell you, you 
know, there is going to be all kinds of privilege issues, all 
kinds of issues about whether or not they have to testify. We 
are not at that stage. I cannot and I will not decide that 
now. 
What else? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: There is a problem with the sharing of 
confidential information with these lawyers. These lawyers 
have both personal and professional interests. 
THE COURT: I understand that. I get that point. 
Anything else? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: No, your Honor. 
THE COURT: This is what we will do on the pro hac. 
Everybody agrees, nobody, maybe in the world, but nobody in 
this courtroom, including me, has dealt with this kind of 
problem before. That's perhaps only one of a number of issues 
that are unique about this case. That's neither here nor 
there. Clearly, the plaintiff has the right to consult with 
any lawyer she chooses. However, the materials here are 
sensitive. I don't know the extent to which they have been 
designated confidential, but I'm quite sure that a substantial 
number of them have been, by the very nature of the case, I 
guess. Let me put it this way. I want to be sure that we 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589086
--- PAGE 6 ---
G4LMGIUC 
enforce the confidentiality appropriately. 
Now, with those preliminary thoughts in mind I am 
going to deny the motion at this time because I know that there 
is a statement, some kind of a statement from the mediator in 
the Florida action. When I get a piece of paper that says the 
Florida action is dismissed, a court order or whatever, then 
this motion can be renewed. 
Also, I want an affidavit from the two lawyers that 
there is no matter in which they are personally involved, that 
they are making no claim, there is no claims, there is no 
litigation in which they are involved. The reason I say that 
is that I would not grant the application for a pro hac status 
to a party in this or a related litigation. If I get those 
affidavits and the statement about the closure of the Florida 
case in which they are a party, then the application can be 
renewed and at that point I would be probably inclined, unless 
something else comes up or unless the defense tells me 
something that I don't now know, I would grant the application 
that brings us to the order itself and the meaning of the 
order. I think active in the litigation is the key phrase. 
The plaintiff has listed the people that she considers would be 
appropriate and it's these two gentleman and I think one other 
person, and that's fine. That is the definition. 
However, I'm also going to ask the parties to agree 
upon an order that would expand the confidentiality agreement 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589087
--- PAGE 7 ---
G4LMGIUC 
to this extent, to require the plaintiff to indicate to me and 
to the defense if there is anyone else who is going to be 
active in the litigation. I'll tell you why I feel this way. 
I want to be sure that we can enforce the confidential aspect 
of that agreement, and I think that could be critical down the 
line. That's the reason for those requests. 
Now, we also have a motion to compel. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Your Honor, can I just get 
clarification very quickly because I don't want to have to come 
back to the court so I want to make sure I'm following 
correctly. Your ruling, because we have a deposition tomorrow 
that counsel was going to be assisting me with, particularly on 
the Fifth Amendment --
THE COURT: Can't have access unless I get these 
materials by then. If I do, that's something else. If I do, 
fine. Otherwise, they can't have access to the confidential 
data. They can assist. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Can I just point something out to the 
Court as well. 
THE COURT: The plaintiff can have any lawyer she 
wants. The question is the confidential materials. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Can I just point the Court to one more 
issue, because this is their protective order. They now said 
to the Court that these two individuals are witnesses or 
potential witnesses. The protective order allows in Section G 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589088
--- PAGE 8 ---
G4LMGIUC 
confidential material to go to deponents, witnesses or 
potential witnesses. 
THE COURT: That's a different issue. I have not 
dealt with that. Obviously anybody who is a witness may have 
access to the confidential material, because they have to buy 
into the confidentiality order in order to do that. But they 
are outside of it at the moment. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Your ruling is, they cannot attend the 
deposition tomorrow? 
THE COURT: They can. Anybody can attend the 
deposition that anybody wants to have, but they can't 
participate in it. They can't have access to the confidential 
material until we get this matter straightened out. Ok. 
MS. McCAWLEY: I understand, your Honor. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Your Honor, we will be designating the 
testimony as confidential. 
THE COURT: You see. There you go. That's life. I 
can't believe that this entire testimony is going to be 
confidential. Honestly, you all are too much. Ok. If that's 
what you do, you know that's not going to work because not all 
of this stuff at issue is going be to confidential. No, no 
way. What is your name? Ok. We will deal with tomorrow's 
problem tomorrow. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Ok, your Honor. 
THE COURT: The compel. Anybody want to add anything 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589089
--- PAGE 9 ---
G4LMGIUC 
on that? 
MS. MENNINGER: Yes, your Honor. Laura Menninger on 
behalf of Ms. Maxwell. I have taken the liberty, your Honor, 
of just making a very short little cheat sheet of the 
outstanding issues, if I may approach. 
THE COURT: Yes. It will be interesting to see if 
yours is the same as the one we have prepared. Yours is much 
longer than ours. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, I'm happy to address all 
of the ones on mine. I certainly am also happy to take 
direction from the Court regarding issues that you believe to 
still be of more interest. 
THE COURT: As I say, I've read your papers. I would 
be pleased to hear anything you want to add that you think is 
not covered or you want to respond or anything like that. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, one of the largest and 
most significant pieces to us are the assertions by plaintiff 
that her own communications with law enforcement are somehow 
protected by 
THE COURT: I'm prepared to deal with that. 
MS. MENNINGER: The second one, your Honor, and it 
relates somewhat to the issues already presented on the pro hac 
motions, are our requests for the fee agreements with all of 
plaintiff's various 15 or so lawyers who purport to be 
representing her. Your Honor, I can find no case law that 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589090
--- PAGE 10 ---
G4LMGIUC 
suggests that the agreements are privileged, as plaintiff 
argues. She has refused to identify when these individuals 
began their representations, the nature of the representations. 
THE COURT: There is a little confusion here, at least 
in my mind, as to what we are talking about. I certainly 
understand the two gentlemen whose applications I have just 
dealt with and the third person, who I take it is affiliated 
with the Boies firm. 
Obviously, over time the plaintiff has probably 
conferred with other lawyers. But who cares? Let's assume she 
has talked to 20 more lawyers. You want all those retainers? 
That doesn't make any sense. What is the universe we are 
talking about? 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, I certainly understand all 
of the members of the Boies firm that currently represent her. 
The third individual, if I understand correctly, is a gentleman 
by the name of Stan Pottinger. He is a lawyer of some renown. 
He is also an author of best-selling books. He is listed quite 
frequently on plaintiff's privilege log as being part and 
parcel of advice being given to her on, quote/unquote, media 
issues. 
THE COURT: That is one. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, there are other persons 
listed on their privilege log. Many are listed as counsel for 
plaintiff, but others are listed. Attorney giving advice to 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589091
--- PAGE 11 ---
G4LMGIUC 
victim's --
THE COURT: Is what you want the retainer agreements, 
if there are any, whatever the arrangements are, with anybody 
on the privilege log that is listed as rendering advice? 
MS. MENNINGER: Yes, your Honor. That, I think, would 
be appropriate because some of our biggest issues concern the 
privilege log. 
THE COURT: I understand. 
What else? 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, we have asked for, but 
been denied by plaintiff, her own deposition testimony in the 
Florida action. In that case the Court entered a confidential 
order --
THE COURT: I'm prepared to deal with it. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, the next topic are 
plaintiff's medical records. 
THE COURT: I think I understand that. There is one 
thing, though. Are there any pre-'99 medical records? 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, the case law is quite 
clear that injuries that were preexisting --
THE COURT: I'm sorry. Excuse me. Go ahead. 
MS. MENNINGER: Plaintiff has alleged that the 
defamation of this action triggered or caused her to reflect 
back upon her alleged sexual abuse. She has also alleged, for 
example, that many, several, three, I think, at last count, or 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589092
--- PAGE 12 ---
G4LMGIUC 
four individuals had sexually abused her prior to ever meeting 
Mr. Epstein. 
If she has evidence that she already was suffering 
from depression or some type of mental health disorder before 
meeting our client, Ms. Maxwell, or Mr. Epstein, then her 
flashbacks, if you will, could be related to other incidents 
that she has put out in the press. And she, I believe, has 
also told the press that she was in a drug rehabilitation 
facility at the time that she met Mr. Epstein. 
Obviously, to the extent she was under the influence 
of drugs, which is what she has told the press, at the time she 
met him, she persisted in being addicted to drugs during the 
time that she knew Mr. Epstein, and it certainly relates to all 
of her requests for, I believe she has requested S30 million in 
damages, your Honor, not just from the defamation, but also 
harkening back to what she claims were her years as a sex abuse 
victim. 
THE COURT: What's the basis of your statement that we 
will call it the flashback? 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, I believe --
THE COURT: Because, quite frankly, I was unaware of 
that. Is that my error? Are you telling me something that's 
not quite right? 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, I believe that is what 
plaintiff has alleged in her complaint. If you can give me a 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589093
--- PAGE 13 ---
G4LMGIUC 
moment. To the extent she is now alleging she suffers from 
emotional distress from any preexisting --
THE COURT: That's from the defamation. 
MS. MENNINGER: She claims it's from the defamation. 
However, your Honor, if she has preexisting conditions that 
were truly the cause of whatever emotional injury she claims 
that she now possesses 
THE COURT: Correct me if I'm wrong, and perhaps 
plaintiff will make it clear, my understanding is that the 
injuries alleged result from the claim of the alleged 
defamation, period. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, she has claimed emotional 
distress from the defamation, yes. We are requesting evidence 
that would show that she has preexisting emotional conditions. 
THE COURT: Not from the defamation. 
MS. MENNINGER: Not from the defamation. From the 
many, many other things that have occurred in her life 
predating even her meeting Mr. Epstein and Ms. Maxwell, as she 
has told the press, not because we told the press that. 
Your Honor, it is difficult, if not impossible, to 
address her claimed S30 million emotional distress from a 
defamation statement that was a denial of her allegations 
versus any emotional distress or emotional conditions she 
already had before any such statement was made. 
Similarly, your Honor, we have asked for discovery of 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589094
--- PAGE 14 ---
G4LMGIUC 
her claimed prior sexual abuse. She has, again, put in the 
press a number of statements regarding that, and I can't 
imagine that it is to the extent she claims privacy now, those 
might be relevant in our case both on credibility and also 
damage issues. 
Your Honor, we have asked for a lot of other 
interrogatories and documents that go to her damage claims, her 
education records, her work history. She has refused to answer 
any questions before where she has worked. She has refused to 
answer any questions about where she went to school. All of 
these are appropriate under the local rule for interrogatories. 
Finally, your Honor, we have asked for her contracts 
with media. She has refused to disclose those. She has 
refused to disclose her tax returns that show all of the 
payments that she has received from various media sources. 
THE COURT: I take it your view of any funds from the 
media would operate to reduce her damages. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, it also shows her motive 
and bias in bringing this case. To the extent she has been 
paid for her stories to the media, which she has, she has 
admitted that she has been paid hundreds of thousands of 
dollars for giving these stories to the media. 
But to the extent that she is now bringing this 
defamation claim, if she is still either planning to receive 
more money from the media, she has a motive and bias to make 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589095
--- PAGE 15 ---
G4LMGIUC 
her story consistent with her previous stories. She has 
claimed $5 million in lost wages, your Honor. This is a person 
who has worked primarily as a waitress in the last 15 years, 
until her media sensational story was purchased from her by 
some British press. 
THE COURT: Anything else? 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, the other issues are 
addressed in our papers. We have highlighted her incomplete 
production on several fronts and her refusal to answer any 
interrogatories. So I would rest on my papers with respect to 
the other arguments. Thank you. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Thank you, your Honor. I'd like to be 
very clear here, your Honor. Discovery production, I've tried 
to do that in our papers. But listening to opposing counsel 
I'm concerned maybe she hasn't reviewed the documents we have 
produced. We have clearly produced all of the media 
communications she has, including records --
THE COURT: All the media. 
MS. McCAWLEY: All of the media communications. She 
has issued wildly broad requests in this case which we have 
complied with. We ran over 200 search terms. Her request No. 
alone seeks communications with over 100 individuals. And we 
have complied, your Honor. This is coming from the defendant 
who until Monday night, when you directed her to produce 
privileged information, has only produced two e-mails in this 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589096
--- PAGE 16 ---
G4LMGIUC 
case. 
Your Honor, we have complied with our production. We 
have produced the materials that she is saying we have not 
produced. It's incorrect. We have produced her school records 
that we have. We have produced her tax records that we have. 
We have produced all of those items that we have. 
With respect to her medical records I am going to 
direct you to the case that is cited in our brief as the Evanko 
case and it was a similar circumstance to here. It was a Title 
VII case where there were emotional distress damages being 
alleged and the Court found that the other side could not have 
carte blanche ruling over all of her medical records from the 
time she was born to the present. We met and conferred on two 
hours on their discovery requests, your Honor. We agreed to 
produce all of her medical records that we had from 1999 to 
2002 and anything else we had that was related to the sexual 
abuse she endured at the hands of the defendant and 
Mr. Epstein. We have agreed to produce those. 
We have already started producing those records from 
the various doctors, from the treating physicians. Those are 
in their production. Should they be entitled to things that 
happened prior to that? Absolutely not, your Honor. They are 
not entitled to a full-scale production of everything that's 
happened in this young lady's life. She was abused by these 
individuals. She shouldn't be reabused by having to disclose 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589097
--- PAGE 17 ---
G4LMGIUC 
things that happened prior to her time with them. Your Honor, 
we do object to the production of that material. 
THE COURT: The flashback allegation. 
MS. McCAWLEY: I think what she may be referring to, I 
have not heard that term used, I think what she may be 
referring to was the fact that this is a defamation claim and 
the person who defamed my client was also an abuser, we allege. 
So when she is defamed by the person who abused her and that 
abuser is calling her a liar, that caused her significant 
emotional distress. It's different than if some other 
individual that she had not had contact with called her a liar. 
When she is talking about a flashback, maybe that's what she is 
referring to, but we don't have the word flashback anywhere in 
our complaint. 
THE COURT: No. I made that up. 
There will be no claim by the plaintiff that the 
defamation caused her distress by making her aware or as a 
result of the prior sexual abuse. 
MS. McCAWLEY: The sexual abuse by the defendants? 
THE COURT: No. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Sexual abuse by others. 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MS. McCAWLEY: No. Sexual abuse that relates to the 
Epstein period, yes. 
THE COURT: That I understand. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589098
--- PAGE 18 ---
G4LMGIUC 
MS. McCAWLEY: I think we are on the same page. 
THE COURT: I think talking about the earlier period. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Prior to Epstein, no, no, she doesn't 
have a claim with respect to that. 
THE COURT: Anything else? 
MS. McCAWLEY: Your Honor, I just want to point out 
again that our production -- you asked us to complete that. We 
have gone through and run over 200 search terms. We have 
produced all of those communications she has had with all of 
those individuals. The things that we have not produced are 
the criminal investigation records. I know your Honor is going 
to address that. I would like to be very clear there. 
The point there is that she has said in the motion to 
stay papers that she filed Tuesday that she needs to have that 
information so she can decide whether she is going to be 
asserting her Fifth Amendment privilege. Truthful testimony 
shouldn't have to be crafted, your Honor. She shouldn't need 
to know what agency is investigating her in order to decide 
whether or not she is going to be asserting her Fifth Amendment 
privilege. 
We do have with us, your Honor, for an in camera 
submission, if you would like it. That is the way that courts 
have dealt with this issue in the past. When there is a claim 
from an agency that the disclosure of that investigation could 
harm the investigation, we can submit that to you for in camera 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589099
--- PAGE 19 ---
G4LMGIUC 
review so you are aware of the ongoing investigation. But it 
is my view that that needs to be protected. 
As you probably know, the history of these cases with 
Mr. Epstein, there were a variety of things that went on in 
that investigation, so there is reason to keep an investigation 
in this situation protected so that they can properly 
investigate and move forward with that without being inhibited 
by other individuals. Your Honor, I would ask that that remain 
protected. It's covered by her very, very broad requests, 
which is why we had to lodge those objections. I would 
appreciate your Honor considering our arguments with respect to 
that issue. 
The other things, your Honor, that she has raised is, 
for example, she had asked for the Epstein settlement agreement 
and that was one of the things that she asked for. We agreed 
to produce that if we got the waiver from Mr. Epstein because 
we can't produce it without that waiver. 
I believe that covers it, your Honor. If you have any 
questions, I would be happy to answer them. 
THE COURT: Thanks very much. 
Thank you all for all the clarification that you've 
given me. I much appreciate it. 
With respect to the retainers and the dates of 
representation, that information will be provided for any 
attorney that's listed on the privilege log. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589100
--- PAGE 20 ---
G4LMGIUC 
The plaintiff has told me that they have now supplied 
all the education and employment records that they have. I 
think if there is any question about that, if the defense is 
skeptical, I would ask the counsel for the plaintiffs to make 
that statement on the record, not necessarily here, but by way 
of a statement to the Court and principally to the defendant. 
On the question of residences, that's, in my view, not 
a contention interrogatory because of the nature of this case. 
I think it's more like listing witnesses. So I would say that 
the plaintiff should supply all residences. 
The Dershowitz deposition will be produced under the 
confidentiality provision. As I read what I've been given, 
it's to be held in confidence and it will remain in confidence, 
but it will be produced. 
Yes, the tax returns should be produced. 15 years 
seems like -- I see. Ok. 15 years. 
The medical records of the period '99 to 2002 will be 
produced and the plaintiff will indicate whether that 
production is complete or, if it isn't complete, when it will 
be complete. 
As for the pre-'99 medical records, based on where we 
are at the moment, I do not believe that those are relevant. 
Because the damage issue relates, in my view, solely to the 
defamation. If that changes in any way, I will revisit that 
issue. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589101
--- PAGE 21 ---
G4LMGIUC 
The criminal investigation. Any materials that the 
plaintiff has with respect to any criminal investigations will 
be turned over except for any statements made by the plaintiff 
to law enforcement authority and those statements, if there are 
such, will be submitted in camera, and I will review them. 
I hope that clears up our problems. Tell me if I have 
failed in my effort to do so. Yes, ma'am. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, two quick things, I think. 
With respect to medical records, we also certainly believe that 
the period from the time the statement was made in January 2015 
until the present, because she has claimed emotional distress 
from that defamation --
THE COURT: Sure, yes. 
MS. MENNINGER: The problem is, we have asked through 
interrogatory what were the names of the medical providers 
because they have not disclosed who her medical providers were. 
So there is no way for us to tell whether the records in fact 
have been sought from and produced with respect to each of 
those medical providers. I will say that other records in the 
possession of plaintiff lists other doctors who they have not 
asked for records from or releases. 
THE COURT: Let's see if we can clear that up. 
MS. McCAWLEY: We have disclosed the names. She has 
those names. We have also disclosed records, the more recent 
records. We have not contested that. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589102
--- PAGE 22 ---
G4LMGIUC 
With respect to the interrogatories, your Honor ruled 
on this previously, but there is a local Rule 33.3, which is 
why we didn't serve interrogatories in this case at this point. 
She is deposing the plaintiff in two weeks, next week, whenever 
it is, and can certainly ask those questions as well. But we 
have disclosed the names of the providers. 
MS. MENNINGER: They have not, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Look. Wait just a moment. You two are 
lawyers. Now, that is not an issue about which you should 
differ. Go over in the corner right now, both of you, and 
let's make it clear who is telling me the right story. Now. 
I take it that I misunderstood the colloquy and that 
this matter has been resolved. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Your Honor, I think there was a 
misunderstanding with respect --
THE COURT: I was sure. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Dr. Olsen has been noticed for 
deposition in Colorado already. In my view, we have disclosed 
the doctors. Ms. Menninger says that there is other doctors 
that have been disclosed in documents that we have not yet 
listed to her. I think in discovery we are finding 
additional --
THE COURT: You think you may not have discovered that 
your client has had some doctors --
MS. McCAWLEY: In the past. We are talking about 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589103
--- PAGE 23 ---
G4LMGIUC 
years and years ago. The recent doctors we have disclosed they 
have noticed for deposition. 
THE COURT: What else? 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, with respect to the 
employment and education records, as you heard plaintiff say, 
she has disclosed, quote/unquote, what she has. Under local 
rule 33.3, we are allowed to ask for the names of witnesses 
with knowledge at the outset of the case, and they might be 
custodians of records. We asked her who have been your 
employers. She won't tell us who her employers have been. She 
has just gone through her computer and say if I have an 
employment record I'll give it to you, but I am not going to 
tell you who her employers were. 
THE COURT: She will. 
MS. MENNINGER: Same thing with the education records. 
We asked her to list where she had gone to school and tell us 
where it is. She won't do it. Those are the things where my 
skepticism arises from. 
Largely, to the extent your Honor has ordered the 
production of whatever materials, criminal investigation 
materials that were not to be submitted in camera, those were 
the ones that involved plaintiff's statements, we would like 
the other materials that they have brought with them today to 
give to your Honor that do not encompass their client's 
statements to law enforcement. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589104
--- PAGE 24 ---
G4LMGIUC 
THE COURT: I don't know whether there are such. Is 
it possible that nothing in this lawsuit is clear? Well, I 
tried to make it clear what should be produced and what 
shouldn't. Anything that has been submitted to any law 
enforcement officer by the plaintiff I will take in camera. 
Anything other than that with respect to any law enforcement 
should be produced. 
MS. MENNINGER: Thank you, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Thank you, all. I think we have the 
pleasure of your company 
do we need you next week? We are 
up to date, aren't we? 
MS. McCAWLEY: Your Honor, we have a motion with 
respect to our discovery that's set for next Thursday. 
THE COURT: That's fine. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Just before we adjourn, because 
Mr. Cassell had a question, and I just want to make sure that I 
understand, with respect to tomorrow's deposition, they are 
entitled to attend but have to leave the room if confidential 
information is disclosed? 
THE COURT: That's where we are at the moment, unless 
it changes. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Your Honor, with regard to next 
Thursday, both Ms. Menninger and I have other matters that are 
previously scheduled and it would be impossible for us to take 
care of those matters and be here at the same time. I'm 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589105
--- PAGE 25 ---
G4LMGIUC 
wondering what the Court would like to do about that. 
THE COURT: First of all, you know how we play this 
game. You don't ask me first. You ask your opponent first. 
Have you done that? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: I have not, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Will you? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: I certainly will, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Now. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Absolutely. 
THE COURT: You can go over to the corner, too. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: I think we need a corner bar on this, 
your Honor. 
Ms. McCawley, I'm wondering if we can get a mutually 
convenient date to hear that matter as opposed to next 
Thursday. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Of course. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: That was simple enough, your Honor. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Your Honor, one more thing. I didn't 
realize that my counsel can submit that stipulation to you 
because that case has been settled --
THE COURT: If I get something that closes that case 
and I get the affidavit that there are no other matters in 
which they have any claims or defenses relating to any of these 
statements, that will do it. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Your Honor, so I know, if we can submit 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589106
--- PAGE 26 ---
G4LMGIUC 
that by fax this afternoon, will they be able to attend the 
deposition tomorrow? 
THE COURT: I would think so, if I think those are 
adequate representations and so on. The statement from a 
mediator doesn't mean anything to me. Something that has a 
court sign to it. That I understand. But the mediator saying 
that it's settled doesn't work for me. 
MR. CASSELL: Your Honor, maybe Mr. Edwards could 
briefly explain Florida procedure. The case has been 
dismissed, but it does not require a Court's signature. 
Mr. Edwards can elaborate more fully on that. 
MR. EDWARDS: Sure. If I may. There are two ways in 
which a case can be dismissed in Florida. One is by way of a 
court order. The other is by way of a stipulation. That is 
what was done. There was a stipulation of dismissal signed by 
both parties, that being the plaintiff and the defendants and 
counsel, that has been done and that was dismissed. 
THE COURT: That's filed in the case. 
MR. EDWARDS: That's filed in the case and filed in 
the court. 
THE COURT: Do you have a copy of that? 
MR. EDWARDS: I can get a copy of it immediately. 
THE COURT: Give it to the defense. If they have any 
problems, they will let me know. That sounds all right to me. 
What do I know about Florida except that it's flat and hot. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589107
--- PAGE 27 ---
G4LMGIUC 
Your representation sounds right. 
MR. EDWARDS: Additionally, just with respect to the 
affidavit, there needs to be an affirmation that we have no 
other claims that relate to the statements in this case. Is 
that what we are saying? 
THE COURT: I think it should be broader than that. I 
think it should be -- look. I don't think it would be 
appropriate if there is any possibility for either of you to 
being a party. That's what I'm after. And having any 
proceedings against you arising out of the situation with the 
plaintiff. I think it would be inappropriate for you to be 
counsel if you have the potentiality of being a party, either 
plaintiff or defendant, in any proceedings. If I get an 
affidavit saying that you're unaware of any claims against you 
or any intention to make a claim arising out of the 
circumstances surrounding this lawsuit, that should be broad. 
I think that would satisfy me. 
MR. EDWARDS: Ok. 
MR. CASSELL: I'll be filing those materials this 
afternoon, your Honor. My plan is to attend --
THE COURT: The defense has a thought on this. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Your Honor, I am looking at documents 
from Florida. One is a docket sheet captioned: Epstein v. 
Brad Edwards and Paul G. Cassell, Lower Tribune Cases 15 000072 
which shows that that matter is still pending. There is 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589108
--- PAGE 28 ---
G4LMGIUC 
another case, as I understand it, Edwards v. Epstein and 
Rothstein, which is also pending. I can confer about this, 
your Honor. 
THE COURT: Let's do this. When do you plan to return 
to the snow fields? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: There is still snow on the ground, your 
Honor. Well, Friday night or Saturday morning is my current 
plan. 
THE COURT: That's great. Whatever the applicants 
have on this subject, please turn it over. You all can work 
out how you are going to do that. Turn it over to the defense. 
And if there is anything you want me to do, I would be prepared 
to do it tomorrow. But that way I hope we can get it cleared 
up. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Your Honor, we do have the deposition 
of the defendant scheduled for tomorrow. 
THE COURT: Then everybody will be having a nice time 
together. Maybe you can all go out and have lunch, have a 
drink, and exchange these documents and go away happy. Not 
likely, but perhaps, depending on where you have lunch. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Thank you, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Anything else? 
MS. MENNINGER: Nothing. 
THE COURT: Thank you, all. 
One thing. I would appreciate it if counsel would get 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589109
--- PAGE 29 ---
G4LMGIUC 
together on my request for additional coverage in the 
confidentiality agreement. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Sure. 
THE COURT: Thanks a lot. 
o0o 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00589110
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA00589111

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589112.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589112.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUMMARY OF PROPOSED TERMS OF INVESTMENT FOR 
SERIES A PREFERRED SHARES OF 
LEVITECTION LTD. 
June 
2016 
We are happy to confirm our interest, subject to all terms and conditions herein, to explore the possibility 
of an investment in Levitection Ltd. This letter summarizes the principal terms of a proposed investment 
for Preferred A Shares. Except as specifically provided herein, this letter is not intended to be a legally 
binding agreement but is a statement of intent. It is presented solely for the purpose of discussion. 
Company 
Levitection Ltd., an Israeli company (the "Company"). 
Founders 
Dr. Gideon Levita and Mt. Raviv Levita.-[-Notnlease-see-the-attaehed-ear 
table} 
Investor 
An entity under the control of Mr. Ehud Barak (the "Investor"). 
Structure of 
Financing 
The Investor shall invest in the Company an amount of US$-1,020,000 (the 
"Initial Investment") and shall invest in the Company, subject to the terms 
below, an additional amount of US$680,000 (the "Deferred Investment") (the 
Initial Investment and the Deferred Investment shall be referred to collectively 
as the "Investment Amount"), against issuance by the Company of Preferred 
Shares in two tranches, at an Initial Closing and a Deferred Closing, if 
applicable (as such terms are defined below), at a price per share of 
US$2.19fsubject to an weed cap table] ("PPS") (representing a pre-money 
valuation of US$ [ 
1, on a Fully Diluted Basis (as defined below)), 
as follows: [Note: all numbers will be completed after the parties reach an 
agreed cap-table] 
(i) an amount of US$ 1,020,000 out of the Investment Amount will be provided at 
the Initial Closing in consideration for the issuance of 
Preferred 
Shares (as defined below), such that immediately following the Initial Closing, 
the Investor will hold shares of the Company constituting _% of the 
Company's share capital, on a Fully Diluted Basis; and 
(ii) No later than nine (9) months as of the Initial Closing, subject to the 
achievement by the Company of the milestone set forth in Exhibit A of this letter 
(the "Milestone") (or at the Investor's election, within such nine (9) months 
period, at its sole discretion, even if such Milestone is not achieved), the 
remaining amount of US$ 680,000 out of the Investment Amount will be also 
provided by the Investor within-ten (10) days-of-receipt-ef.written-oetice-ti'om-the 
Genipan5e-s-GEG-that-the-Milestone-liati-been-aehieveil, in consideration for the 
issuance of 
Preferred Shares (the "Deferred Closing"), such that 
immediately following the Deferred Closing, the Investor will hold shares of 
the Company constituting 38.50% [TBD - why did you deduct additional 
0.5%?]of the Company's share capital, on a Fully Diluted Basis (assuming, 
solely for the purposes of this calculation, that the entire Investment Amount 
was remitted at the Initial Closing, not including the Warrant(s) (as defined 
EFTA00589112
--- PAGE 2 ---
below) to be granted to the Investor). In the event that the Investor will not 
provide the Company with the Deferred Investment although the Milestone was 
achieved by the Company, and such breach was not cured within 10 days from the 
receipt of a -written notice from the Company's CEO, then (+the Warrants (as 
defined below) shall immediately and automatically expire and shall not be 
by the Investor 
the 
dilution 
exercisable 
and (ii) 
anti 
protection and protectivc 
provisleos—os—deseribed—belew—shall—be—eaneellefl./77its is completely 
unacceptable. We agreed to a significant sanction of losing our warrants if we 
won't provide the Deferred Investment upon achievement of the Milestone and this 
is more than enough to give you the comfort you are seeking for. The addition is 
extremely exaggeratedl 
Fully Diluted Basis 
In this letter, "Fully Diluted Basis" includes, without limitation, all issued and 
outstanding share capital of the Company, all securities issuable upon the 
conversion of any existing convertible securities, notes or loans, the exercise of all 
outstanding warrants (excluding the Warrants), options, adjustments of numbers 
of securities triggered by this financing (if any), any shares or options to acquire 
shares issued to any person as a finder's fee or similar arrangement in connection 
with the Investment and an unallocated option pool for future grants to 
employees, consultants and directors of the Company, representing 12% [TBD7of 
the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company immediately following 
the Deferred Closing ("Option Pool") (assuming the Warrant(s) (as defined 
below) were not exercised by the Investor). For the purposes of this Term Sheet, 
the term "Fully Diluted Basis" as used herein does not include the Warrants. 
pietein-viey.Lef-the-feet-that-Gideen-deeideil-teteede-te-year-Feetuest-te-transfer 
ECOP] 
Options out of the Options Pool shall be granted by the Company following the 
Initial Closing to those certain employees, consultants and/or directors of the 
Company as detailed in Exhibit B attached hereto. 
Capitalization Table 
The detailed pre Initial Closing and post Initial Closing and post Deferred 
Closing capitalization of the Company is set forth in the Capitalization Table 
attached hereto as Exhibit C. 
Conditions to Closing 
Closing of the transaction contemplated hereunder is subject to (i) satisfaction of 
the parties due diligence requirements, including financial and legal diligence, and 
(ii) the signing of mutually acceptable Definitive Agreements (as defined below). 
Estimated Initial 
Closing Date 
No later than June 30, 2016 (the "Initial Closing"). 
Type of Security 
Series A Convertible Preferred Shares (the "Preferred Shares"), initially 
convertible on a one to one basis into Ordinary Shares of the Company (the 
"Ordinary Shares"), subject to adjustment as provided below. 
EFTA00589113
--- PAGE 3 ---
Warrant(s) 
At the Initial Closing, the Company will issue: (i) a first warrant to the Investor 
that will allow it (or any of its assignees) to purchase additional Preferred Shares 
by investing an additional amount of up to US$ 1,500,000, at an exercise price of 
150% of the PPS (subject to anti-dilutive adjustment as provided herein and 
adjustments due to a Recapitalization Event (as defined below)), which warrant 
will be valid and exercisable for a period of 36 months after the Initial Closing; 
and, in addition (ii) a second warrant to the Investor that will allow it (or any of its 
assignees) to purchase additional Preferred Shares by investing an additional 
amount of up to USS 2,000,000, at an exercise price of 225% of the PPS (subject 
to anti-dilutive adjustment as provided herein and adjustments due to a 
Recapitalization Event), which warrant will be valid and exercisable for a period 
of 48 months after the Initial Closing (collectively the "Warrant(s)"). At the 
lapse of 12 months period after the Initial Closing, and at the lapse of each 12 
subsequent months period thereafter, the exercise price of eaeh-the first Warrant 
described in subsection (i) above shall be increased by 25% compering to its then 
existing exercise price. [not acceptable - this was agreed only with respect to the 
first Warring] Immediately prior to a Deemed Liquidation event, exercise of such 
Warrant(s) may be cashless at the discretion of the Warrant(s) holder. The 
Company shall notify to the Warrant(s) holder in writing of any Deemed 
Liquidation event, at least _ days prior to such event. 
A "Recapitalization Event" shall mean any event of share combination or 
subdivision, distribution of bonus shares or any other similar reclassification, 
reorganization or recapitalization of the Company's share capital where the 
Company's shareholders retain their proportionate holdings in the Company. 
Use of Proceeds 
The Investment Amount shall be used by the Company to continue the 
development of the Company's technology and know-how and provide general 
working capital, pursuant to a budget prepared by the Company, agreed by the 
Investor and attached hereto as Exhibit D. 
Liquidation / 
Dividend Preference 
In the event of any liquidation event, Deemed Liquidation (as defined below) 
and/or distribution of dividends, the holders of the Preferred Shares will be 
entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the 
Company's assets or funds to all other equity securities of the Company (in cash, 
cash equivalents, or, if applicable, securities) (the "Distributed Assets"), for each 
Preferred Share, an amount equal to: (i) 100% of the price per share paid for such 
Preferred Share, plus (ii) 6% annual interest on that amount, compounded 
annually, from the date of issuance of such Preferred Share (together, the 
"Preference A Amount"). 
Any surplus of assets or funds remaining (if any) after the payment in full of the 
Preference A Amount less any amounts paid as preferential dividends prior to that 
date, will then be distributed pro rata among all the shareholders of the Company, 
including the holders of Preferred Shares, on an as-converted basis. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, in a liquidation event, Deemed Liquidation 
and/or distribution of dividends, the distribution of the Distributed Assets, on a 
pari passu, pro rata, as converted and no preference basis to all shareholders of the 
Company (i.e. without applying the distribution preference described above), will 
result in the holders of the Preferred Shares receiving, for each issued and 
outstanding Preferred Share held by them, an amount which is equal or more than 
t we-five (al) /TBDItime the PPS paid for such Preferred Shares (subject to anti-
dilutive adjustment as provided herein and adjustments due to a Recapitalization 
Event), then the distribution preference described above shall be disregarded and 
the Distributed Assets shall be distributed pro rata among all the Shareholders of 
EFTA00589114
--- PAGE 4 ---
the Company, including the holders of Preferred Shares, on a pari passu, pro rata, 
as converted and no preference basis. A "Deemed Liquidation" shall mean any 
of the following transactions: an acquisition of the Company or a merger between 
the Company and another non-affiliated entity in which the shareholders of the 
Company do not own a majority of the shares of the surviving entity, the sale of 
all or substantially all of the Company's assets, or of the shares of the Company, 
an exclusive, irrevocable or perpetual license of all or substantially all of the 
Company's intellectual property to a third party, or any other transaction in which 
control of the Company (at least 50% of the voting rights or equity) is transferred 
(other than a IPO or other bona fide financing transaction of the Company where 
the change of control was due to an issuance of shares by the company). 
Conversion 
Each holder of Preferred Shares shall have the right to convert its shares at any 
time into Ordinary Shares at an initial conversion rate of 1:1, subject to 
proportional adjustment for share splits, dividends or Recapitalization Events 
or a similar event and any anti-dilution adjustments as provided herein. The 
Preferred Shares shall automatically convert into Ordinary Shares if (a) the 
holders of a majority of the Preferred Shares require such conversion or (b) 
upon the closing of a firmly underwritten public offering of shares of the 
Company ("IPO") netting at least $40-20 million at a pre-money valuation of 
the Company of at least $50-80 million (a "QIPO"). [The numbers you offer 
are too low. QIPO has to be defined as a sienificant IPO in order to justify the 
expiration of rights] 
Anti-Dilution 
Provisions 
Until a QIPO, if the Company issues New Securities (as defined below) at a 
price per share lower than the then applicable conversion price of the Preferred 
Shares (initially, the conversion price shall be equal to the Price Per Share), 
then in each such event the conversion price of the Preferred Shares shall be 
adjusted on a "full ratchet" anti-dilution adjustment for a period of forty eight 
sixty (4869) months from the Initial Closing. 
"New Securities" shall mean securities issued by the Company, other than: CO 
Ordinary Shares or options to purchase Ordinary Shares issued to employees, 
consultants, officers or directors of the Company or its subsidiaries pursuant to 
any share option plan or similar incentive plan approved by the Board of 
Directors; (ii) securities issued pursuant to a Recapitalization Event or anti-
dilutive adjustment as provided herein; (iii) securities issued in connection with 
any credit line or other similar financing, provided that such securities 
represent less than three percent (3%) of the Company's issued share capital at 
the time of issuance (as calculated on a Fully-Diluted Basis), in the aggregate; 
(iv) securities issued to a—one strategic investor who is an entity which is 
determined by the Board of Directors to be a strategic investor; provided that 
such securities represent less than five percent (5%) of the Company's issued 
share capital at the time of issuance (as calculated on a Fully-Diluted Basis), in 
the aggregate; (v) securities issued upon the exercise of any warrant or option 
issued pursuant to the terms of (i) through (v) above; and (vi) securities issued 
in any IPO. 
Protective Provisions 
Prior to an IPO, and for as long as the Investor holds at least 15% of the share 
capital of the Company (on an as-converted, Fully-Diluted Basis), certain 
important actions of the Company shall require the consent of the Investor 
(with respect to resolutions of the shareholders of the Company) or one of the 
EFTA00589115
--- PAGE 5 ---
Preferred Directors (with respect to resolutions of the Board in connection 
with the matters listed in subsections (i) — (x) below) or Ehud Barak, as long as 
he serves as a director on the Board (with respect to resolutions of the Board in 
connection with the matters listed in subsections (xi) — (xv) below), as 
applicable, for the following matters: 
(i) authorize or issue any equity security senior to the Preferred Shares; and (ii) 
amendment to its Articles of Association in a manner that would adversely alter 
or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the Preferred Shares; (iii) 
redemption of any shares of the Company, including Ordinary Shares, 
Preferred Shares or any new class or series of shares; (iv) declaring or paying 
any dividend or other distribution of cash, shares or other assets, other than a 
bonus shares issuance paid to all of the shareholders of the Company on a pro 
rata basis; (v) take any action which results in a Deemed Liquidation event or 
otherwise dissolving, liquidating or winding up the Company where the 
Company's pre-money valuation in each of these events is less than 
US$50,000,000; (vi) effect any material change to the nature of the business of 
the Company; (vii) subscribe or otherwise acquire or dispose of any shares in 
the capital of any other company; (viii) affect any interested or related party 
transactions with the Company; (ix) approve the Company's annual operating 
plan and budget and any deviation of 10% or more therefrom; (x) the 
appointment of new CEO, CFO and CTO (other than Mr. Raviv Levita as the 
Company's CEO and Dr. Gideon Levita as the Company's CTO); (xi) increase 
the number of shares reserved for issuance to employees and consultants, 
whether under the Option Pool or otherwise; (xii) grant of options to employees 
and consultants, whether under the Option Pool or otherwise, solely if the 
vesting terms with respect to such grants are different than the vesting terms 
that shall be defined in the Definitive Agreement (as defined below); (xiii) 
change the number of Board members or otherwise changing its composition; 
or (xiv) amend the signatory rights determined under the transaction 
contemplated hereunder; (xv) create, incur, assume, or be liable for any 
indebtedness that was not included in the annual budget approved by the Board 
and exceeding in the aggregate an amount of US$20,000. 
Prior to an IPO, and for as long as Dr. Gideon Levita and his immediate family 
members hold, in the aggregate, at least 15% of the share capital of the 
Company (on a Fully-Diluted Basis), the consent of the-Founder-Dr. Gideon 
Levita shall be required for the following matters: 
CO any adverse change in any of the rights of the Founder under the 
incorporation documents or shareholders agreements of the Company (except 
for such changes affecting proportionally all holders of Ordinary Shares of the 
Company), and (ii) any transaction between the Investor and/or Ehud Barak 
and the Company,  and-fiii)-any-of-the-mattem-referred-te-in-sub-seetione-fi-) 
through-OM-above. 
Voting Rights 
The holders of the Preferred Shares shall vote together with the holders of all 
other shares of the Company, and not as a separate class, in all shareholders 
meetings, except as to matters that by law or pursuant to this letter are subject 
to a class vote. Each Preferred Share shall entitle the holder thereof to such 
number of votes as if such shares had been converted into Ordinary Shares. 
Board of Directors 
Immediately following the Initial Closing, the board of directors of the 
Company (the "Board") shall consist of a maximum of five (5) members: the 
holders of Ordinary Shares, collectively, may appoint three (3) directors and 
EFTA00589116
--- PAGE 6 ---
the holders of Preferred Shares may appoint two (2) directors (the "Preferred 
Directors"). Upon the exercise by the Investor of bath-the first Warrants 
described in subsection (i) in the 'Warrant(s)' section above/not acceptable], the 
Board shall consist of a maximum of five (5) members: the holders of Ordinary 
Shares, collectively, may appoint two (2) directors and the holders of Preferred 
Shares may appoint three (3) Preferred Directors. This provision will also apply 
to any subsidiary of the Company. The Chairman of the Board shall not have 
an additional or casting vote. 
Insurance 
The Company will sign an indemnity agreement with each of the directors and 
will maintain Directors & Officers liability insurance, reasonably satisfactory 
to the Investor. 
Signatory Rights 
At or prior to the Initial Closing, the Company shall adopt a resolution 
effecting the signatory rights which is satisfactory to the Investor and the 
Founders, to be attached to the Definitive Agreement. 
Information and 
Management Rights 
Until a QIPO, each shareholder of the Company holding at least 5% of the 
issued and outstanding shares of the Company (calculated on an as converted 
basis, taking into account, for the purpose of calculating the percentage 
shareholding, the shares held by the shareholder as well as the shares held by 
his/its Permitted transferees (as defined below), if applicable) ("Eligible 
Shareholder") shall have the right to receive: (i) financial statements within 
days after the end of each fiscal year, which have been audited by one of the 
"Big Four" accounting firms; (ii) unaudited, but reviewed, quarterly financial 
statements within 45 days after the end of the first, second and third quarters of 
each fiscal year; (iii) a monthly report in a form which is agreed by the Investor 
and the Company, within 15 days after the end of each month; (iv) an annual 
operating plan and budget at least 30 days prior to the first day of the year 
covered by such plan and (iv) such other information as may be reasonably 
required by any Eligible Shareholder. 
In addition, the Investor shall also be entitled to standard inspection and 
visitation rights, subject to confidentiality undertakings to be assumed by 
Investor. 
Pre-emptive Right 
Until a QIPO, each Eligible Shareholder will have the right, but not an 
obligation, to participate in any future sales of New Securities by the Company, 
upon the terms of such round of financing, and to purchase in such round up to 
its applicable pro rata holdings in the Company's share capital on a Fully 
Diluted Basis out of the Company's New Securities offered in such sale 
(without the right to over-allotment). 
The holders of Preferred Shares may assign this right to their Permitted 
Transferees. 
Right of First Refusal 
Until a QIPO, each Eligible Shareholder shall have a pro-rata right of first 
refusal with respect to any sale, transfer or disposition of share capital of the 
Company by any other shareholder of the Company, other than a transfer to 
Permitted Transferees ("Transfer"). 
The holders of Preferred Shares may assign this right to their Permitted 
Transferees. 
A "Permitted Transferee", (A) with respect to any shareholder which is an 
incorporation: (i) any entities controlled by, controlling or under common 
control with such shareholder or, if the shareholder is a partnership, any 
EFTA00589117
--- PAGE 7 ---
partners or affiliated partnerships managed by the same manager or managing 
partner or management company, or managed by an entity controlling, 
controlled by, or under common control with, such manager or managing 
partner or management company (such entities, "Affiliates"), (B) with respect 
to any shareholder which is an individual (i) any corporation wholly owned by 
such shareholder, or (iii) a trustee of any trust for the sole benefit of, or the 
ownership interests of which are owned wholly by, such shareholder, or (iv) 
any spouse, child or other immediate family member, spouse, child or other 
member of such shareholder's immediate family. Any transfer of equity 
securities to a Permitted Transferee shall only become effective, and any shares 
shall only be issued, upon (a) a written notice to the Company of such transfer; 
and (b) a written consent of the transferee to be bound by the Company's 
articles of association and any other agreement between the Company and its 
shareholders, or any of them, to which such transferring Company shareholder 
is a party, and, if required by the Company, the execution by the transferee of 
such agreements. 
Tag Along Right 
Until the-lapse-of-the-ex-er-eise-reFied-of-the--War-rantsa OIPO, the holders of 
Preferred Shares shall have the right, with respect to any Transfer other than 
Exempted Transfer, to sell, up to all of their Preferred Shares in the Company, 
prior and in preference to any other shareholder in the Company; on the same 
general terms and conditions proposed under such Transfer. 
The holders of Preferred Shares may assign this right to their Permitted 
Transferees. 
"Exempted Transfer" shall mean a Transfer by Dr-Gideeti—Levita—the 
Founders of shares of the Company in accordance with the "Restriction on 
Sale" provisions below. 
Registration Rights 
Holders of a majority of the Registrable Shares (as defined below) shall have 
the right, following six (6) months after the closing of an IPO, to two 
"demand(s)" registration of their shares in the Company, at the Company's 
expense. All Shareholders of the Company shall be entitled to unlimited 
"piggyback" registration rights and one F-3 registration per a calendar year 
(provided the aggregate offering price in such F-3 registration is at least US$ 
1,000,000) at the Company's expense. In the case of underwriter cut-backs, the 
shares of the holders of Registrable Shares shall have priority over all other 
shares in the Company to be included in any offering in a ratio of 4.3:1 (1 
ordinary share for every -1-3 Registrable Share of the holders of Registrable 
Shares) (not acceptable — it is very customary that preferred shares have priority 
over ordinary shares in case of cut back'. All shareholders agree to a 180-day 
lock-up after the IPO and 90 day lock up after subsequent offerings of the 
Company. Registration rights will be freely assignable in connection with any 
transfer of Registrable Shares. Registration rights expire five (5) years after 
IPO and would contain other customary terms and provisions. For the purposes 
of this section, "Registrable Shares" shall mean the Preferred Shares of the 
Company and any Ordinary Shares issued upon conversion of the Preferred 
Shares—freinsfored3. Any future registration rights granted by the Company 
which are superior to those granted to the holders of Registrable Securities will 
be subject to the approval of the majority of the holders of the Registrable 
Securities. 
Bring Along Rights 
In the event that, prior to a QIPO, sixty percent (60%) of the Company's 
shareholders agree to an offer to sell all their shares to a third party and 
provided that the Company pre-money valuation in such sale is no less than 
EFTA00589118
--- PAGE 8 ---
US$-5030,000,000, and such offer is conditional upon the sale of a number of 
shares of the Company exceeding the number of shares held by such 
shareholders, all shareholders shall be required to participate in such sale on the 
same terms and conditions. 
Restrictions on Sale: 
Until the earlier of a QIPO, a Deemed Liquidation or the lapse of four (4) years 
as of the Initial Closing, Dr r Gideeti-lrevitathe Founders shall not be entitled to 
sell any of his-their shares in the Company, subject to standard exceptions for 
transfers to Permitted Transferees. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, starting after 24 (twenty four) months from the 
Initial Closing, Df-Gifieen-L-eviteeach Founder may sell up to 4410% of his 
vested shares in the Company per year, but not more than 4020% of his vested 
shares in the Company in the aggregate. [The numbers we inserted reflect what 
we discussed and agreed upon in our meeting. It is very important far us that the 
Founders will remain significantly invested in the company/ 
Founder's and Key 
Persons' 
Undertakings 
At or prior to the Initial Closing, the Founders, and additional key persons of 
the Company to be agreed by the parties [TBD — this is not practicable - this is 
a reasonable and customary demand in any transaction that the company will 
have its employees, consultant and service provider sign such undertakings] 
will enter into confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation and 
assignment of IP agreements, and an employment agreements substantially in a 
form attached hereto as Exhibits E and shall agree to devote their entire 
business time and attention to the Company and not to undertake or engage in 
any additional activities without the consent of the Board. {we-believe-that-it-is 
baiter-iftkage-eigreemets-will-heanneved-M-the-Definifive-Agreemens-in-order 
noi-to-delay-the-signing-of the-T-enn-Sheet—
eonsiderationl{Note: we 
prefer reviewing the employment agreements for the Founders at this stage 
agreeing on forms of employment agreements at this stage is unnecessary and will 
result in a ,great delay — TBD] 
Ehud Barak's 
Undertakings 
Ehud Barak shall enter into a consulting agreement with the Company, 
substantially in a form attached hereto as Exhibit F, which shall include, inter 
alia, an obligation of Ehud Barak to lead the Company's efforts to go to 
market, including in the Company's future fundraising efforts and seeking 
potential strategic customers and confidentiality, non-competition, non-
solicitation and assignment of IP undertakings (the "Consulting Agreement"). 
[Note: what do you propose if EB does not provide services for at least 4 
years? - the consulting agreement will include an obligation of EB to provide 
services. Regardless. it is EB interest to provide the services as an investor who 
invested a lot of money in the company] 
Founders Reverse 
Vesting 
At or prior to the Initial Closing, the Founders will enter into an agreement 
according to which 75% of the shares of each Founder ("Restricted Shares") 
will be subject to "reverse vesting" mechanism over a period of 3 years, with a 
one year cliff, contingent - with regard to the shares of the Founder - on that 
Founder's continued employment or engagement with the Company. Vesting 
shall be as follows: 1/3 of the Founder's Restricted Shares shall vest upon the 
first anniversary of the Initial Closing, and the remainder 2/3 of the Founder's 
Restricted Shares shall vest on a monthly basis over the remaining 3 years. 
Upon termination of a Founder's employment with the Company by the 
Founder, other than for health reasons (including disability and death), the 
Company and/or the other shareholders (nro rata between them) shall be 
entitled to repurchase such the-Founder's Restricted Shares as of such date of 
termination_shall be subject to rcpurchwc a follows: such quantity ef—the 
EFTA00589119
--- PAGE 9 ---
€eunder's-Restrieted-Shares-oenstituting 20% of-tlx:-issued-and-outstanding 
shere-eapital-of-the-Gempany-an-a-Fully-Diluted-Basis-fineiuding-the-Warrants) 
as-at-the-dete-of--the-terminatien-shell-be-reptirehesed-by-the-Gempany-Seaa 
ether—shereheiders—of--the—Gompany—shail—be—entitled—te—repurehase—the 
retneiftder-ef--the-Feunderls-Restr-ieted-Sheresr pro-rata-enieag-thenir  aeeerding 
te-the-ratie-of-shereholtlings-arneng-them. Any unvested Restricted Shares will 
immediately vest upon the earlier of (i) an event of MEEF-142O, (ii) the 
termination of the engagement of such Founder with the Company not for 
cause or for Good Reason (which term shall be defined in the Definitive 
Agreement as customary), and/or (iii) immediately after at least 3 customers of 
the Company shall have utilized the Company's product for at least 6 
successive months to their satisfaction [TBD]. 
Documentation and 
Warranties 
Detailed definitive agreements among the Investor, the Founders and the 
Company shall be drafted by counsel to the Investor and shall include 
customary covenants, negative covenants, representations and warranties of the 
Company and Dr.,-Gideo&-Lovitathe Founders reflecting the provisions set forth 
herein (provided that DfrGidecm-Levitaeach Founder shall be liable solely for 
losses resulting from the breach of his representations and warranties, subject 
to standard limitation of liability and provided that the liability of Dr. Gideon 
beviteeach Founder shall be limited to his Ordinary Shares in the Company 
only and will be triggered only after indemnification from the Company), other 
provisions customary in venture capital transactions and any other provisions 
agreed to by the Investor, the Founders and the Company ("Definitive 
Agreements"). 
Expenses 
The Company shall bear its own fees and expenses, and shall pay at the Initial 
Closing the legal fees and expenses of the Investor up to an amount of 
US$40,000[TBD] plus VAT, incurred with respect to the transaction 
contemplated hereby against a valid tax invoice. 
Exclusivity 
For a period of 45 days following the execution of this letter, neither the 
Company or any Founder nor any agent, directly or indirectly, will solicit, 
consider, negotiate or otherwise discuss a possible merger, sale or other 
disposition of all or any part of the shares or assets of the Company or an 
investment in its share capital with any other party. Also, during said 45 day 
period the Company will not issue any securities of the Company nor will it 
permit a transfer of any securities of the Company, other than Transfers by 
each Founder OF-his-family-raembers-to other-his immediate family members as 
contemplated hereunder, provided that any such transferee will agree in writing 
to be bound by all agreements, obligations and undertaking by which the 
transferor Founder is bound at the date of transfer. 
Said period will automatically be extended by additional 15 days if the parties 
are still negotiating the Definitive Agreements at the conclusion of said 45 day 
period and may be further extended by an additional period to be agreed by the 
Company and Investor, if the parties are still negotiating the definitive 
agreements at the conclusion of said 60 day period. 
Confidentiality 
Each party agrees to treat this letter confidentially and will not distribute or 
disclose its existence or contents to third parties without the explicit prior 
written consent of the other party, except as required to its relevant 
EFTA00589120
--- PAGE 10 ---
shareholders and professional advisors. 
Ordinary Course 
Until the Initial Closing, the Company will conduct its business solely in the 
ordinary course of business and, among other things, will not declare or make any 
distribution to shareholders, enter into any related party transaction or sell its 
assets (other than the Company's products sold in the ordinary course of 
business). 
Non-binding Effect; 
This letter is not intended to be legally binding, and prepared for discussion 
Governing Law and 
purposes only, as a statement of the Investor's present intent, with the exception 
Jurisdiction 
of this 
paragraph 
and 
the 
paragraphs 
entitled 
`Exclusivity' 
and 
'Confidentiality', which are binding upon the parties hereto and shall be 
governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel. The 
parties hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the competent courts of 
the Tel Aviv District in Israel, and hereby waive any objection regarding 
jurisdiction or forum. 
Acknowledged and agreed: 
INVESTOR: 
Print Name: 
By: 
Title: 
Date: 
COMPANY: 
Levitection Ltd. 
By: 
Title: 
Date: 
FOUNDERS: 
Dr.7 Gideon Levita 
Date: 
Mr. Raviv Levita: 
Date: 
EFTA00589121
--- PAGE 11 ---
105551411\42 
105551411\46 
EFTA00589122

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589123.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589123.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMENDED AND RESTATED INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT is 
made as of November 4, 2013 (the "Effective Date"), by and among Physical Graph 
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), each of the investors listed on Schedule 
A hereto, each of which is referred to in this Agreement as an "Investor" and collectively 
referred to as the "Investors", and each of the individuals listed on Schedule B hereto, each of 
whom is referred to in this Agreement as a "Key Holder" and collectively referred to as the 
"Key Holders". 
RECITALS 
WHEREAS, certain of the Investors (the "Existing Investors") hold shares of the 
Company's Series Seed Preferred Stock and/or shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion 
thereof and possess registration rights, information rights, rights of first offer, and other rights 
pursuant to an Investors' Rights Agreement dated as of December 3, 2012 between the Company 
and such Investors (the "Prior Agreement"); 
WHEREAS, the Existing Investors are holders of a majority of the Preferred 
Stock (as defined in the Prior Agreement) (or Common Stock issued upon the conversion 
thereof) currently outstanding, and desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement in its entirety 
and to accept the rights created pursuant to this Agreement in lieu of the rights granted to them 
under the Prior Agreement; and 
WHEREAS, certain of the Investors are parties to that certain Series A Preferred 
Stock Purchase Agreement of even date herewith between the Company and certain of the 
Investors (the "Purchase Agreement"), under which certain of the Company's and such 
Investors' obligations are conditioned upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by 
such Investors, Existing Investors holding a majority of the Preferred Stock (or Common Stock 
issued upon the conversion thereof) currently outstanding, and the Company; 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Existing Investors hereby agree that the Prior 
Agreement shall be superseded and replaced in its entirety by this Agreement, and the parties to 
this Agreement further agree as follows: 
1. 
Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: 
1.1 
"Affiliate" means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person 
who, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such 
Person, including without limitation any general partner, managing member, officer or director 
of such Person or any venture capital fund now or hereafter existing that is controlled by one or 
more general partners or managing members of, or shares the same management company with, 
such Person. 
1.2 
"Common Stock" means shares of the Company's common stock. 
1.3 
"Damages" means any loss, damage, or liability (joint or several) to 
which a party hereto may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or other 
GDSVFMIll 742977.4 
EFTA00589123
--- PAGE 2 ---
federal or state law, insofar as such loss, damage, or liability (or any action in respect thereof) 
arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material 
fact contained in any registration statement of the Company, including any preliminary 
prospectus or final prospectus contained therein or any amendments or supplements thereto; (ii) 
an omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein, or 
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (iii) any violation or alleged 
violation by the indemnifying party (or any of its agents or Affiliates) of the Securities Act, the 
Exchange Act, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation promulgated under the 
Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or any state securities law. 
1.4 
"Derivative Securities" means any securities or rights convertible into, or 
exercisable or exchangeable for (in each case, directly or indirectly), Common Stock, including 
options and warrants. 
1.5 
"Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
1.6 
"Excluded Registration" means (i) a registration relating to the sale of 
securities to employees of the Company or a subsidiary pursuant to a stock option, stock 
purchase, or similar plan; (ii) a registration relating to an SEC Rule 145 transaction; (iii) a 
registration on any form that does not include substantially the same information as would be 
required to be included in a registration statement covering the sale of the Registrable Securities; 
or (iv) a registration in which the only Common Stock being registered is Common Stock 
issuable upon conversion of debt securities that are also being registered. 
1.7 
"Form S-I" means such form under the Securities Act as in effect on the 
date hereof or any successor registration form under the Securities Act subsequently adopted by 
the SEC. 
1.8 
"Form S-3" means such form under the Securities Act as in effect on the 
date hereof or any registration form under the Securities Act subsequently adopted by the SEC 
that permits incorporation of substantial information by reference to other documents filed by the 
Company with the SEC. 
1.9 
"GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in the United 
States. 
1.10 
"Holder" means any holder of Registrable Securities who is a party to this 
Agreement. 
1.11 
"Immediate Family Member" means a child, stepchild, grandchild, 
parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, 
daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, of a natural 
person referred to herein. 
1.12 
"Initiating Holders" means any Holder or Holders who in the aggregate 
hold at least forty percent (40%) of the outstanding Registrable Securities and who properly 
initiate a registration request under this Agreement. 
GDSVF&M 742977.4 
- 2 - 
EFTA00589124
--- PAGE 3 ---
1.13 
"IPO" means the Company's first underwritten public offering of its 
Common Stock under the Securities Act. 
1.14 
"Key Employee" means any executive-level employee (including division 
director and vice president-level positions) as well as any employee who, either alone or in 
concert with others, develops, invents, programs, or designs any Company Intellectual Property 
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement). 
1.15 
"Key Holder Registrable Securities" means (i) the shares of Common 
Stock held by the Key Holders, and (ii) any Common Stock issued as (or issuable upon the 
conversion or exercise of any warrant, right, or other security that is issued as) a dividend or 
other distribution with respect to, or in exchange for or in replacement of such shares. 
1.16 
"Major Investor" means any Investor that, individually or together with 
such Investor's Affiliates, holds at least 102,000 shares of Registrable Securities (as adjusted for 
any stock split, stock dividend, combination, or other recapitalization or reclassification effected 
after the date hereof). 
1.17 
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, trust, limited 
liability company, association or other entity. 
1.18 
"Preferred Director" shall have the meaning set forth in the Company's 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the "Restated Certificate"). 
1.19 
"Preferred Stock" means the Series Seed Preferred Stock and the Series 
A Preferred Stock of the Company. 
1.20 
"Registrable Securities" means (i) the Common Stock issuable or issued 
upon conversion of the Preferred Stock; (ii) any Common Stock, or any Common Stock issued or 
issuable (directly or indirectly) upon conversion and/or exercise of any other securities of the 
Company, acquired by the Investors after the date hereof; (iii) the Key Holder Registrable 
Securities, provided, however, that the Key Holder Registrable Securities shall not be deemed 
Registrable Securities and the Key Holders shall not be deemed Holders for the purposes of 
Sections 2.1, 2.10. 3.1, 3.2, 4.1 and 6.6, and (iv) any Common Stock issued as (or issuable upon 
the conversion or exercise of any warrant, right, or other security that is issued as) a dividend or 
other distribution with respect to, or in exchange for or in replacement of, the shares referenced 
in clauses (i), and (ii) above; excluding in all cases, however, any Registrable Securities sold by 
a Person in a transaction in which the applicable rights under this Agreement are not assigned 
pursuant to Section 6.1, and excluding for purposes of Section 2 any shares for which 
registration rights have terminated pursuant to Section 2.13 of this Agreement. 
1.21 
"Registrable Securities then outstanding" means the number of shares 
determined by adding the number of shares of outstanding Common Stock that are Registrable 
Securities and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable (directly or indirectly) pursuant 
to then exercisable and/or convertible securities that are Registrable Securities. 
1.22 
"Restricted Securities" means the securities of the Company required to 
bear the legend set forth in Section 2.12(b) hereof. 
GDSVF&M 742977.4 
- 3 - 
EFTA00589125
--- PAGE 4 ---
1.23 
"SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
1.24 
"SEC Rule 144" means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC under the 
Securities Act. 
1.25 
"SEC Rule 145" means Rule 145 promulgated by the SEC under the 
Securities Act. 
1.26 
"Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the 
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
1.27 
"Selling 
Expenses" 
means 
all 
underwriting 
discounts, 
selling 
commissions, and stock transfer taxes applicable to the sale of Registrable Securities, and fees 
and disbursements of counsel for any Holder, except for the fees and disbursements of the 
Selling Holder Counsel borne and paid by the Company as provided in Section 2.6. 
1.28 
"Series A Preferred Stock" means shares of the Company's A Seed 
Preferred Stock. 
1.29 
"Series Seed Preferred Stock" means shares of the Company's Series 
Seed Preferred Stock. 
2. 
Registration Rights. The Company covenants and agrees as follows: 
2.1 
Demand Registration. 
(a) 
Form S-1 Demand. If at any time after one hundred eighty (180) 
days after the effective date of the registration statement for the IPO, the Company receives a 
written request from Initiating Holders that the Company file a Form S-1 registration statement 
with respect to Registrable Securities, and if the anticipated aggregate offering price, net of 
Selling Expenses, would exceed $10 million, then the Company shall promptly give notice 
thereof (the "Demand Notice") to all Holders other than the Initiating Holders; and as soon as 
practicable, and in any event within ninety (90) days after the date such request is given by the 
Initiating Holders, file a Form S-1 registration statement under the Securities Act covering all 
Registrable Securities that the Initiating Holders requested to be registered and any additional 
Registrable Securities requested to be included in such registration by any other Holders, as 
specified by notice given by each such Holder to the Company within twenty (20) days of the 
date the Demand Notice is given, and in each case, subject to the limitations of Section 2.1(c) 
and Section 2.3. 
(b) 
Form S-3 Demand. If at any time when it is eligible to use a Form 
S-3 registration statement, the Company receives a request from Initiating Holders that the 
Company file a Form S-3 registration statement with respect to outstanding Registrable 
Securities of such Holders having an anticipated aggregate offering price, net of Selling 
Expenses, of at least $5 million, then the Company shall promptly give a Demand Notice to all 
Holders other than the Initiating Holders; and as soon as practicable, and in any event within 
forty-five (45) days after the date such request is given by the Initiating Holders, file a Form S-3 
registration statement under the Securities Act covering all Registrable Securities requested to be 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
-4-
EFTA00589126
--- PAGE 5 ---
included in such registration by any other Holders, as specified by notice given by each such 
Holder to the Company within twenty (20) days of the date the Demand Notice is given, and in 
each case, subject to the limitations of Section 2.1(c) and Section 2.3. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing obligations, if the Company 
furnishes to Holders requesting a registration pursuant to this Section 2.1 a certificate signed by 
the Company's chief executive officer stating that in the good faith judgment of the Company's 
Board of Directors it would be materially detrimental to the Company and its stockholders for 
such registration statement to either become effective or remain effective for as long as such 
registration statement otherwise would be required to remain effective, because such action 
would (i) materially interfere with a significant acquisition, corporate reorganization, or other 
similar transaction involving the Company; (ii) require premature disclosure of material 
information that the Company has a bona fide business purpose for preserving as confidential; or 
(iii) render the Company unable to comply with requirements under the Securities Act or 
Exchange Act, then the Company shall have the right to defer taking action with respect to such 
filing, and any time periods with respect to filing or effectiveness thereof shall be tolled 
correspondingly, for a period of not more than one hundred twenty (120) days after the request 
of the Initiating Holders is given; provided, however, that the Company may not invoke this right 
more than once in any twelve (12) month period; and provided further that the Company shall 
not register any securities for its own account or that of any other stockholder during such one 
hundred twenty (120) day period other than an Excluded Registration. 
(d) 
The Company shall not be obligated to effect, or to take any action 
to effect, any registration pursuant to Section 2.1(a) (i) during the period that is sixty (60) days 
before the Company's good faith estimate of the date of filing of, and ending on a date that is one 
hundred eighty (180) days after the effective date of, a Company-initiated registration provided,
that the Company is actively employing in good faith commercially reasonable efforts to cause 
such registration statement to become effective; (ii) after the Company has effected two 
registrations pursuant to Section 2.1(a); or (iii) if the Initiating Holders propose to dispose of 
shares of Registrable Securities that may be immediately registered on Form S-3 pursuant to a 
request made pursuant to Section 2.1(b). The Company shall not be obligated to effect, or to 
take any action to effect, any registration pursuant to Section 2.1(b) (i) during the period that is 
thirty (30) days before the Company's good faith estimate of the date of filing of, and ending on 
a date that is ninety (90) days after the effective date of, a Company-initiated registration, 
provided, that the Company is actively employing in good faith commercially reasonable efforts 
to cause such registration statement to become effective; or (ii) if the Company has effected two 
(2) registrations pursuant to Section 2.1(b) within the twelve (12) month period immediately 
preceding the date of such request. A registration shall not be counted as "effected" for purposes 
of this Section 2.1(d) until such time as the applicable registration statement has been declared 
effective by the SEC, unless the Initiating Holders withdraw their request for such registration, 
elect not to pay the registration expenses therefor, and forfeit their right to one demand 
registration statement pursuant to Section 2.6, in which case such withdrawn registration 
statement shall be counted as "effected" for purposes of this Section 2.1(d1. 
2.2 
Company Registration. If the Company proposes to register (including, 
for this purpose, a registration effected by the Company for stockholders other than the Holders) 
any of its securities under the Securities Act in connection with the public offering of such 
GDSVF&Fril 742977.4 
- 5 - 
EFTA00589127
--- PAGE 6 ---
securities solely for cash (other than in an Excluded Registration), the Company shall, at such 
time, promptly give each Holder notice of such registration. Upon the request of each Holder 
given within twenty (20) days after such notice is given by the Company, the Company shall, 
subject to the provisions of Section 2.3, cause to be registered all of the Registrable Securities 
that each such Holder has requested to be included in such registration. The Company shall have 
the right to terminate or withdraw any registration initiated by it under this Section 2.2 before the 
effective date of such registration, whether or not any Holder has elected to include Registrable 
Securities in such registration. The expenses (other than Selling Expenses) of such withdrawn 
registration shall be borne by the Company in accordance with Section 2.6. 
2.3 
Underwriting Requirements. 
(a) 
If, pursuant to Section 2.1, the Initiating Holders intend to 
distribute the Registrable Securities covered by their request by means of an underwriting, they 
shall so advise the Company as a part of their request made pursuant to Section 2.1, and the 
Company shall include such information in the Demand Notice. The underwriter(s) will be 
selected by the Company and shall be reasonably acceptable to a majority in interest of the 
Initiating Holders. In such event, the right of any Holder to include such Holder's Registrable 
Securities in such registration shall be conditioned upon such Holder's participation in such 
underwriting and the inclusion of such Holder's Registrable Securities in the underwriting to the 
extent provided herein. 
All Holders proposing to distribute their securities through such 
underwriting shall (together with the Company as provided in Section 2.4(e)) enter into an 
underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter(s) selected for such 
underwriting. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2.3, if the managing 
underwriter(s) advise(s) the Initiating Holders in writing that marketing factors require a 
limitation on the number of shares to be underwritten, then the Initiating Holders shall so advise 
all Holders of Registrable Securities that otherwise would be underwritten pursuant hereto, and 
the number of Registrable Securities that may be included in the underwriting shall be allocated 
among such Holders of Registrable Securities, including the Initiating Holders, in proportion (as 
nearly as practicable) to the number of Registrable Securities owned by each Holder or in such 
other proportion as shall mutually be agreed to by all such selling Holders; provided, however, 
that the number of Registrable Securities held by the Holders to be included in such underwriting 
shall not be reduced unless all other securities are first entirely excluded from the underwriting. 
To facilitate the allocation of shares in accordance with the above provisions, the Company or 
the underwriters may round the number of shares allocated to any Holder to the nearest one 
hundred (100) shares. 
(b) 
In connection with any offering involving an underwriting of 
shares of the Company's capital stock pursuant to Section 2.2, the Company shall not be required 
to include any of the Holders' Registrable Securities in such underwriting unless the Holders 
accept the terms of the underwriting as agreed upon between the Company and its underwriters, 
and then only in such quantity as the underwriters in their sole discretion determine will not 
jeopardize the success of the offering by the Company. If the total number of securities, 
including Registrable Securities, requested by stockholders to be included in such offering 
exceeds the number of securities to be sold (other than by the Company) that the underwriters in 
their reasonable discretion determine is compatible with the success of the offering, then the 
Company shall be required to include in the offering only that number of such securities, 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
- 6 - 
EFTA00589128
--- PAGE 7 ---
including Registrable Securities, which the underwriters and the Company in their sole discretion 
determine will not jeopardize the success of the offering. If the underwriters determine that less 
than all of the Registrable Securities requested to be registered can be included in such offering, 
then the Registrable Securities that are included in such offering shall be allocated among the 
selling Holders in proportion (as nearly as practicable to) the number of Registrable Securities 
owned by each selling Holder or in such other proportions as shall mutually be agreed to by all 
such selling Holders. To facilitate the allocation of shares in accordance with the above 
provisions, the Company or the underwriters may round the number of shares allocated to any 
Holder to the nearest one hundred (100) shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall 
(i) the number of Registrable Securities included in the offering be reduced unless all other 
securities (other than securities to be sold by the Company) are first entirely excluded from the 
offering, or (ii) the number of Registrable Securities included in the offering be reduced below 
twenty-five percent (25%) of the total number of securities included in such offering, unless such 
offering is the IPO, in which case the selling Holders may be entirely excluded if the 
underwriters make the determination described above and no other stockholder's securities are 
included in such offering, or (iii) notwithstanding (ii) above, any Registrable Securities which 
are not Key Holder Registrable Securities be excluded from such underwriting unless all Key 
Holder Registrable Securities are first excluded from such offering. For purposes of the 
provision in this Section 2.3(b) concerning apportionment, for any selling Holder that is a 
partnership, limited liability company, or corporation, the partners, members, retired partners, 
retired members, stockholders, and Affiliates of such Holder, or the estates and Immediate 
Family Members of any such partners, retired partners, members, and retired members and any 
trusts for the benefit of any of the foregoing Persons, shall be deemed to be a single "selling 
Holder," and any pro rata reduction with respect to such "selling Holder" shall be based upon the 
aggregate number of Registrable Securities owned by all Persons included in such "selling 
Holder," as defined in this sentence. 
(c) 
For purposes of Section 2.1 a registration shall not be counted as 
"effected" if; as a result of an exercise of the underwriter's cutback provisions in Section 2.3(4 
fewer than fifty percent (50%) of the total number of Registrable Securities that Holders have 
requested to be included in such registration statement are actually included. 
2.4 
Obligations of the Company. Whenever required under this Section 2 to 
effect the registration of any Registrable Securities, the Company shall, as expeditiously as 
reasonably possible: 
(a) 
prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement with respect 
to such Registrable Securities and use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such 
registration statement to become effective and, upon the request of the Holders of a majority of 
the Registrable Securities registered thereunder, keep such registration statement effective for a 
period of up to one hundred twenty (120) days or, if earlier, until the distribution contemplated in 
the registration statement has been completed; provided, however, that (i) such one hundred 
twenty (120) day period shall be extended for a period of time equal to the period the Holder 
refrains, at the request of an underwriter of Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company, 
from selling any securities included in such registration, and (ii) in the case of any registration of 
Registrable Securities on Form S-3 that are intended to be offered on a continuous or delayed 
basis, subject to compliance with applicable SEC rules, such one hundred twenty (120) day 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
- 7 - 
EFTA00589129
--- PAGE 8 ---
period shall be extended for up to sixty (60) days, if necessary, to keep the registration statement 
effective until all such Registrable Securities are sold; 
(b) 
prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements 
to such registration statement, and the prospectus used in connection with such registration 
statement, as may be necessary to comply with the Securities Act in order to enable the 
disposition of all securities covered by such registration statement; 
(c) 
furnish to the selling Holders such numbers of copies of a 
prospectus, including a preliminary prospectus, as required by the Securities Act, and such other 
documents as the Holders may reasonably request in order to facilitate their disposition of their 
Registrable Securities; 
(d) 
use its commercially reasonable efforts to register and qualify the 
securities covered by such registration statement under such other securities or blue-sky laws of 
such jurisdictions as shall be reasonably requested by the selling Holders; provided that the 
Company shall not be required to qualify to do business or to file a general consent to service of 
process in any such states or jurisdictions, unless the Company is already subject to service in 
such jurisdiction and except as may be required by the Securities Act; 
(e) 
in the event of any underwritten public offering, enter into and 
perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, with the 
underwriter(s) of such offering; 
(0 
use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause all such 
Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement to be listed on a national securities 
exchange or trading system and each securities exchange and trading system (if any) on which 
similar securities issued by the Company are then listed; 
(g) 
provide a transfer agent and registrar for all Registrable Securities 
registered pursuant to this Agreement and provide a CUSIP number for all such Registrable 
Securities, in each case not later than the effective date of such registration; 
(h) 
notify each selling Holder, promptly after the Company receives 
notice thereof, of the time when such registration statement has been declared effective or a 
supplement to any prospectus forming a part of such registration statement has been filed; and 
(i) 
after such registration statement becomes effective, notify each 
selling Holder of any request by the SEC that the Company amend or supplement such 
registration statement or prospectus. 
2.5 
Furnish Information. It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of 
the Company to take any action pursuant to this Section 2 with respect to the Registrable 
Securities of any selling Holder that such Holder shall furnish to the Company such information 
regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it, and the intended method of disposition of 
such securities as is reasonably required to effect the registration of such Holder's Registrable 
Securities. 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
- 8 - 
EFTA00589130
--- PAGE 9 ---
2.6 
Expenses of Registration. All expenses (other than Selling Expenses) 
incurred in connection with registrations, filings, or qualifications pursuant to Section 2, 
including all registration, filing, and qualification fees; printers' and accounting fees; fees and 
disbursements of counsel for the Company; and the reasonable fees and disbursements, not to 
exceed $30,000, of one counsel for the selling Holders ("Selling Holder Counsel"), shall be 
borne and paid by the Company; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to 
pay for any expenses of any registration proceeding begun pursuant to Section 2.1 if the 
registration request is subsequently withdrawn at the request of the Holders of a majority of the 
Registrable Securities to be registered (in which case all selling Holders shall bear such expenses 
pro rata based upon the number of Registrable Securities that were to be included in the 
withdrawn registration), unless the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities agree to 
forfeit their right to one registration pursuant to Section 2.1(a) or Section 2.1(b), as the case may 
be; provided further that if, at the time of such withdrawal, the Holders shall have learned of a 
material adverse change in the condition, business, or prospects of the Company from that 
known to the Holders at the time of their request and have withdrawn the request with reasonable 
promptness after learning of such information then the Holders shall not be required to pay any 
of such expenses and shall not forfeit their right to one registration pursuant to Section 2.1(a) or 
Section 2.1(b). All Selling Expenses relating to Registrable Securities registered pursuant to this 
Section 2 shall be borne and paid by the Holders pro rata on the basis of the number of 
Registrable Securities registered on their behalf. 
2.7 
Delay of Registration. No Holder shall have any right to obtain or seek an 
injunction restraining or otherwise delaying any registration pursuant to this Agreement as the 
result of any controversy that might arise with respect to the interpretation or implementation of 
this Section 2. 
2.8 
Indemnification. 
If any Registrable Securities are included in a 
registration statement under this Section 2: 
(a) 
To the extent permitted by law, the Company will indemnify and 
hold harmless each selling Holder, and the partners, members, officers, directors, and 
stockholders of each such Holder; legal counsel and accountants for each such Holder; any 
underwriter (as defined in the Securities Act) for each such Holder; and each Person, if any, who 
controls such Holder or underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange 
Act, against any Damages arising out of or based upon any of the following statements, 
omissions or violations (collectively a "Violation"): (i) any untrue statement (or alleged untrue 
statement) of a material fact contained or incorporated by reference in any prospectus, offering 
circular or other document (including any related registration statement, notification or the like) 
incident to any such registration, qualification or compliance, (ii) any omission (or alleged 
omission) to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the 
statements therein not misleading, or (iii) any violation (or alleged violation) by the Company of 
the Securities Act, any state securities laws or any rule or regulation thereunder applicable to the 
Company and relating to action or inaction required of the Company in connection with any 
offering covered by such registration, qualification or compliance, and the Company will pay to 
each such Holder, underwriter, controlling Person, or other aforementioned Person any legal or 
other expenses reasonably incurred thereby in connection with investigating or defending any 
claim or proceeding from which such Damages may result, as such expenses are incurred; 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
- 9 - 
EFTA00589131
--- PAGE 10 ---
provided, however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 2.8(a) shall not apply 
to amounts paid in settlement of any such claim or proceeding if such settlement is effected 
without the consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, nor shall 
the Company be liable for any Damages to the extent that they arise out of or are based upon 
actions or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished 
by or on behalf of any such Holder, underwriter, controlling Person, or other aforementioned 
Person expressly for use in connection with such registration. 
(b) 
To the extent permitted by law, each selling Holder, severally and 
not jointly, will indemnify and hold harmless the Company, and each of its directors, each of its 
officers who has signed the registration statement, each Person (if any), who controls the 
Company within the meaning of the Securities Act, legal counsel and accountants for the 
Company, any underwriter (as defined in the Securities Act), any other Holder selling securities 
in such registration statement, and any controlling Person of any such underwriter or other 
Holder, against any Damages arising out of or based on a Violation and each such selling Holder 
will pay to the Company and each other aforementioned Person any legal or other expenses 
reasonably incurred thereby in connection with investigating or defending any claim or 
proceeding from which Damages may result, as such expenses are incurred; provided, however, 
that the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 2.8(b) shall not apply to amounts paid in 
settlement of any such claim or proceeding if such settlement is effected without the consent of 
the Holder, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; and provided further that in no 
event shall the aggregate amounts payable by any Holder by way of indemnity or contribution 
under Sections 2.8(b) and 2.8(d) exceed the proceeds from the offering received by such Holder 
(net of any Selling Expenses paid by such Holder), except in the case of fraud or willful 
misconduct by such Holder. 
(c) 
Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 
2.8 of notice of the commencement of any action (including any governmental action) for which 
a party may be entitled to indemnification hereunder, such indemnified party will, if a claim in 
respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 2.8, give the 
indemnifying party notice of the commencement thereof. The indemnifying party shall have the 
right to participate in such action and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, participate 
jointly with any other indemnifying party to which notice has been given, and to assume the 
defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the parties; provided, however, that an 
indemnified party (together with all other indemnified parties that may be represented without 
conflict by one counsel) shall have the right to retain one separate counsel, with the fees and 
expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if representation of such indemnified party by the 
counsel retained by the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential 
differing interests between such indemnified party and any other party represented by such 
counsel in such action. The failure to give notice to the indemnifying party will not relieve it of 
any liability that it may have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 2.8 to 
the extent that such failure materially prejudices the indemnifying party's ability to defend such 
action. 
(d) 
To provide for just and equitable contribution to joint liability 
under the Securities Act in any case in which either (i) any party otherwise entitled to 
indemnification hereunder makes a claim for indemnification pursuant to this Section 2.8 but it is 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
- 10 - 
EFTA00589132
--- PAGE 11 ---
judicially determined (by the entry of a final judgment or decree by a court of competent 
jurisdiction and the expiration of time to appeal or the denial of the last right of appeal) that such 
indemnification may not be enforced in such case, notwithstanding the fact that this Section 2.8 
provides for indemnification in such case, or (ii) contribution under the Securities Act may be 
required on the part of any party hereto for which indemnification is provided under this Section 
2.8 then, and in each such case, such parties will contribute to the aggregate losses, claims, 
damages, liabilities, or expenses to which they may be subject (after contribution from others) in 
such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of each of the indemnifying party 
and the indemnified party in connection with the statements, omissions, or other actions that 
resulted in such loss, claim, damage, liability, or expense, as well as to reflect any other relevant 
equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and of the indemnified 
party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or allegedly 
untrue statement of a material fact, or the omission or alleged omission of a material fact, relates 
to information supplied by the indemnifying party or by the indemnified party and the parties' 
relative intent, knowledge, access to information, and opportunity to correct or prevent such 
statement or omission; provided, however, that, in any such case, (x) no Holder will be required 
to contribute any amount in excess of the public offering price of all such Registrable Securities 
offered and sold by such Holder pursuant to such registration statement, and (y) no Person guilty 
of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(0 of the Securities Act) will 
be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent 
misrepresentation; and provided, further that in no event shall a Holder's liability pursuant to 
this Section 2.8(d), when combined with the amounts paid or payable by such Holder pursuant to 
Section 2.8(b), exceed the proceeds from the offering received by such Holder (net of any 
Selling Expenses paid by such Holder), except in the case of willful misconduct or fraud by such 
Holder. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the provisions on 
indemnification and contribution contained in the underwriting agreement entered into in 
connection with the underwritten public offering are in conflict with the foregoing provisions, 
the provisions in the underwriting agreement shall control. 
(0 
Unless otherwise superseded by an underwriting agreement 
entered into in connection with the underwritten public offering, the obligations of the Company 
and Holders under this Section 2.8 shall survive the completion of any offering of Registrable 
Securities in a registration under this Section 2, and otherwise shall survive the termination of 
this Agreement. 
2.9 
Reports Under Exchange Act. With a view to making available to the 
Holders the benefits of SEC Rule 144 and any other rule or regulation of the SEC that may at 
any time permit a Holder to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration or 
pursuant to a registration on Form S-3, the Company shall: 
(a) 
make and keep available adequate current public information, as 
those terms are understood and defined in SEC Rule 144, at all times after the effective date of 
the registration statement filed by the Company for the IPO; 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
EFTA00589133
--- PAGE 12 ---
(b) 
use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC in a 
timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act 
and the Exchange Act (at any time after the Company has become subject to such reporting 
requirements); and 
(c) 
furnish to any Holder, so long as the Holder owns any Registrable 
Securities, forthwith upon request (i) to the extent accurate, a written statement by the Company 
that it has complied with the reporting requirements of SEC Rule 144 (at any time after ninety 
(90) days after the effective date of the registration statement filed by the Company for the IPO), 
the Securities Act, and the Exchange Act (at any time after the Company has become subject to 
such reporting requirements), or that it qualifies as a registrant whose securities may be resold 
pursuant to Form S-3 (at any time after the Company so qualifies); (ii) a copy of the most recent 
annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the 
Company; and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested in availing any 
Holder of any rule or regulation of the SEC that permits the selling of any such securities without 
registration (at any time after the Company has become subject to the reporting requirements 
under the Exchange Act) or pursuant to Form S-3 (at any time after the Company so qualifies to 
use such form). 
2.10 
Limitations on Subsequent Registration Rights. From and after the date of 
this Agreement, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Holders of a 
majority in interest of the Registrable Securities then outstanding, enter into any agreement with 
any holder or prospective holder of any securities of the Company giving such holder or 
prospective holder any registration rights the terms of which are senior to the registration rights 
granted to the Holders hereunder. 
2.11 
"Market Stand-off' Agreement. Each Holder hereby agrees that it will 
not, without the prior written consent of the managing underwriter, during the period 
commencing on the date of the final prospectus relating to the Company's IPO and ending on the 
date specified by the Company and the managing underwriter (such period not to exceed one 
hundred eighty (180) days (i) lend, offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract 
to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to 
purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Common Stock 
or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock (whether 
such shares or any such securities are then owned by the Holder or are thereafter acquired), or 
(ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of 
the economic consequences of ownership of the Common Stock, whether any such transaction 
described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock or other 
securities, in cash or otherwise. The foregoing provisions of this Section 2.11 shall apply only to 
the IPO, shall not apply to the sale of any shares to an underwriter pursuant to an underwriting 
agreement, and shall only be applicable to the Holders if all officers, directors and greater than 
one percent (1%) stockholders of the Company enter into similar agreements. The underwriters 
in connection with the Company's IPO are intended third-party beneficiaries of this Section 2.11 
and shall have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof as though they 
were a party hereto. 
Each Holder further agrees to execute such agreements as may be 
reasonably requested by the underwriters in the Company's IPO that are consistent with this 
Section 2.11 or that are necessary to give further effect thereto. Any discretionary waiver or 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
- 12 - 
EFTA00589134
--- PAGE 13 ---
termination of the restrictions of any or all of such agreements by the Company or the 
underwriters shall apply to all Holders subject to such agreements pro rata based on the number 
of shares subject to such agreements. 
In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose 
stop-transfer instructions with respect to the Common Stock or any securities convertible into or 
exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock of each Holder (and the shares or securities of 
every other person subject to the foregoing restriction) until the end of such period. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) during the last seventeen (17) days of the one hundred 
eighty (180)-day restricted period, the Company issues an earnings release or material news or a 
material event relating to the Company occurs; or (ii) prior to the expiration of the one hundred 
eighty (180)-day restricted period, the Company announces that it will release earnings results 
during the sixteen (16)-day period beginning on the last day of the one hundred eighty (180)-day 
period, the restrictions imposed by this Section 2.11 shall continue to apply until the expiration 
of the eighteen (18)-day period beginning on the issuance of the earnings release or the 
occurrence of the material news or material event. 
2.12 
Restrictions on Transfer. 
(a) 
The Preferred Stock and the Registrable Securities shall not be 
sold, pledged, or otherwise transferred, and the Company shall not recognize and shall issue 
stop-transfer instructions to its transfer agent with respect to any such sale, pledge, or transfer, 
except upon the conditions specified in this Agreement, which conditions are intended to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. A transferring Holder will cause any 
proposed purchaser, pledgee, or transferee of the Preferred Stock and the Registrable Securities 
held by such Holder to agree to take and hold such securities subject to the provisions and upon 
the conditions specified in this Agreement. 
(b) 
Each certificate or instrument representing (i) the Preferred Stock, 
(ii) the Registrable Securities, and (iii) any other securities issued in respect of the securities 
referenced in clauses (i) and (ii), upon any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, merger, 
consolidation, or similar event, shall (unless otherwise permitted by the provisions of Section 
2.12(c)) be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend substantially in the following form: 
THE 
SECURITIES 
REPRESENTED 
HEREBY 
HAVE 
NOT 
BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE "ACT"), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF CERTAIN STATES. 
THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED, 
PLEDGED 
OR 
HYPOTHECATED 
EXCEPT 
AS 
PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS 
PURSUANT 
TO 
REGISTRATION 
OR 
AN 
EXEMPTION 
THEREFROM. THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES MAY REQUIRE AN 
OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER 
THAT 
SUCH 
OFFER, 
SALE 
OR 
TRANSFER, 
PLEDGE 
OR 
HYPOTHECATION OTHERWISE COMPLIES WITH THE ACT AND ANY 
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
- 13 - 
EFTA00589135
--- PAGE 14 ---
THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO 
(1) RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE, INCLUDING A 
LOCK-UP PERIOD IN THE EVENT OF A PUBLIC OFFERING, AS SET 
FORTH IN AN INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT, AND (2) VOTING 
RESTRICTIONS AS SET FORTH IN A VOTING AGREEMENT AMONG 
THE COMPANY AND THE ORIGINAL HOLDERS OF THESE SHARES, 
COPIES OF WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF 
THE COMPANY. 
The Holders consent to the Company making a notation in its records and giving instructions to 
any transfer agent of the Restricted Securities in order to implement the restrictions on transfer 
set forth in this Section 2.12. 
(c) 
The holder of each certificate representing Restricted Securities, by 
acceptance thereof, agrees to comply in all respects with the provisions of this Section 2. Before 
any proposed sale, pledge, or transfer of any Restricted Securities, unless there is in effect a 
registration statement under the Securities Act covering the proposed transaction, the Holder 
thereof shall give notice to the Company of such Holder's intention to effect such sale, pledge, or 
transfer. Each such notice shall describe the manner and circumstances of the proposed sale, 
pledge, or transfer in sufficient detail and, if reasonably requested by the Company, shall be 
accompanied at such Holder's expense by either (i) a written opinion of legal counsel who shall, 
and whose legal opinion shall, be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, addressed to the 
Company, to the effect that the proposed transaction may be effected without registration under 
the Securities Act; (ii) a "no action" letter from the SEC to the effect that the proposed sale, 
pledge, or transfer of such Restricted Securities without registration will not result in a 
recommendation by the staff of the SEC that action be taken with respect thereto; or (iii) any 
other evidence reasonably satisfactory to counsel to the Company to the effect that the proposed 
sale, pledge, or transfer of the Restricted Securities may be effected without registration under 
the Securities Act, whereupon the Holder of such Restricted Securities shall be entitled to sell, 
pledge, or transfer such Restricted Securities in accordance with the terms of the notice given by 
the Holder to the Company. The Company will not require such a legal opinion or "no action" 
letter (x) in any transaction in compliance with SEC Rule 144 or (y) in any transaction in which 
such Holder distributes Restricted Securities to an Affiliate of such Holder for no consideration; 
provided that each transferee agrees in writing to be subject to the terms of this Section 2.12. 
Each certificate or instrument evidencing the Restricted Securities transferred as above provided 
shall bear, except if such transfer is made pursuant to SEC Rule 144, the appropriate restrictive 
legend set forth in Section 2.12(b), except that such certificate shall not bear such restrictive 
legend if, in the opinion of counsel for such Holder and the Company, such legend is not 
required in order to establish compliance with any provisions of the Securities Act. 
2.13 
Termination of Registration Rights. The right of any Holder to request 
registration or inclusion of Registrable Securities in any registration pursuant to Section 2.1 or 
Section 2.2 shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: 
(a) 
the closing of a Deemed Liquidation Event, as such term is defined 
in the Restated Certificate; 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
- 14 - 
EFTA00589136
--- PAGE 15 ---
(b) 
such date on or after the closing of the Company's IPO when all of 
such Holder's Registrable Securities could be sold without restriction under SEC Rule 144; and 
(c) 
the fifth (51h) anniversary of the IPO. 
3. 
Information Rights. 
3.1 
Delivery of Financial Statements. The Company shall deliver to each 
Major Investor: 
(a) 
as soon as practicable, but in any event within one-hundred and 
twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, (i) an unaudited balance 
sheet as of the end of such year, (ii) unaudited statements of income and of cash flows for such 
year, and a comparison between (x) the actual amounts as of and for such fiscal year and (y) the 
comparable amounts for the prior year and as included in the Budget (as defined in Section 
3.1(c)) for such year, all prepared in accordance with GAAP (except that such financial 
statements may (i) be subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and (ii) not contain all notes 
thereto that may be required in accordance with GAAP); 
(b) 
as soon as practicable, but in any event within forty-five (45) days 
after the end of each of the first three (3) quarters of each fiscal year of the Company, unaudited 
statements of income and of cash flows for such fiscal quarter, and an unaudited balance sheet 
and a statement of stockholders' equity as of the end of such fiscal quarter, all prepared in 
accordance with GAAP (except that such financial statements may (i) be subject to normal year-
end audit adjustments and (ii) not contain all notes thereto that may be required in accordance 
with GAAP); 
(c) 
as soon as practicable, but in any event at the end of each fiscal 
year, a budget and business plan for the next fiscal year (collectively, the "Budget"), approved 
by the Board of Directors and prepared on a monthly basis, including balance sheets, income 
statements, and statements of cash flow for such months and, promptly after prepared, any other 
budgets or revised budgets prepared by the Company; 
(d) 
as soon a practicable following the end of each fiscal quarter, an 
up-to-date capitalization table for the Company; and 
(e) 
such other information relating to the financial condition, business, 
prospects, or corporate affairs of the Company as the Company's Board of Directors may from 
time to time deliver• provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated under this 
Section 3.1 to provide information (i) that the Company reasonably determines in good faith to 
be a trade secret or confidential information (unless covered by an enforceable confidentiality 
agreement, in form acceptable to the Company) or (ii) the disclosure of which would adversely 
affect the attorney-client privilege between the Company and its counsel. 
If, for any period, the Company has any subsidiary whose accounts are consolidated with those 
of the Company, then in respect of such period the financial statements delivered pursuant to the 
foregoing sections shall be the consolidated and consolidating financial statements of the 
Company and all such consolidated subsidiaries. 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
- 15 - 
EFTA00589137
--- PAGE 16 ---
Notwithstanding anything else in this Section 3.1 to the contrary, the Company may cease 
providing the information set forth in this Section 3.1 during the period starting with the date 
thirty (30) days before the Company's good-faith estimate of the date of filing of a registration 
statement if it reasonably concludes it must do so to comply with the SEC rules applicable to 
such registration statement and related offering; provided that the Company's covenants under 
this Section 3.1 shall be reinstated at such time as the Company is no longer actively employing 
its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective. 
3.2 
Inspection. The Company shall permit each Major Investor, at such Major 
Investor's expense, to visit and inspect the Company's properties; examine its books of account 
and records; and discuss the Company's affairs, finances, and accounts with its officers, during 
normal business hours of the Company as may be reasonably requested by the Major Investor; 
provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated pursuant to this Section 3.2 to 
provide access to any information that it reasonably and in good faith considers to be a trade 
secret or confidential information (unless covered by an enforceable confidentiality agreement, 
in form acceptable to the Company) or the disclosure of which would adversely affect the 
attorney-client privilege between the Company and its counsel. 
3.3 
Observation Rights. As long as First Round Capital IV, L.P. (together 
with its Affiliates, "First Round") owns at least 335,000 shares of Preferred Stock, the 
Company shall invite a representative of First Round to attend all meetings of its Board of 
Directors in a nonvoting observer capacity and, in this respect, shall give such representative 
copies of all notices, minutes, consents, and other materials that it provides to its directors at the 
same time and in the same manner as provided to such directors; provided, however, that such 
representative shall agree to hold in confidence and trust all such information so provided; and 
provided further that the Company reserves the right to withhold any information and to exclude 
such representative from any meeting or portion thereof if access to such information or 
attendance at such meeting could adversely affect the attorney-client privilege between the 
Company and its counsel or result in disclosure of trade secrets. 
3.4 
Termination of Information and Observer Rights. The covenants set forth 
in Section 3.1 Section 3.2 and Section 3.3 shall terminate and be of no further force or effect (i) 
immediately before the consummation of the IPO, or (ii) when the Company first becomes 
subject to the periodic reporting requirements of Section 12(g) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or 
(iii) upon a Deemed Liquidation Event, as such term is defined in the Restated Certificate, 
whichever event occurs first. 
3.5 
Confidentiality. 
Each Investor agrees that such Investor will keep 
confidential and will not disclose, divulge, or use for any purpose (other than to monitor its 
investment in the Company) any confidential information obtained from the Company pursuant 
to the terms of this Agreement (including notice of the Company's intention to file a registration 
statement), unless such confidential information (a) is known or becomes known to the public in 
general (other than as a result of a breach of this Section 3.5 by such Investor), (b) is or has been 
independently developed or conceived by the Investor without use of the Company's confidential 
information, or (c) is or has been made known or disclosed to the Investor by a third party 
without a breach of any obligation of confidentiality such third party may have to the Company; 
provided, however, that an Investor may disclose confidential information (i) to its attorneys, 
GDSVF&M 742977.4 
- 16 - 
EFTA00589138
--- PAGE 17 ---
accountants, consultants, and other professionals to the extent necessary to obtain their services 
in connection with monitoring its investment in the Company; (ii) to any prospective purchaser 
of any Registrable Securities from such Investor, if such prospective purchaser agrees to be 
bound by the provisions of this Section 3.5; (iii) to any existing Affiliate, partner, member, 
stockholder, or wholly owned subsidiary of such Investor in the ordinary course of business, 
provided that such Investor informs such Person that such information is confidential and directs 
such Person to maintain the confidentiality of such information; or (iv) as may otherwise be 
required by law, provided that the Investor promptly notifies the Company of such disclosure 
and takes reasonable steps to minimize the extent of any such required disclosure. 
4. 
Rights to Future Stock Issuances. 
4.1 
Right of First Offer. The Company hereby grants to each Investor the 
right of first offer to purchase up to its pro rata share of New Securities (as defined in this 
Section 4 which the Company may, from time to time, propose to sell and issue after the date of 
this Agreement. An Investor's pro rata share, for purposes of this right of first offer, is equal to 
the ratio of (a) the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned by such Investor immediately 
prior to the issuance of New Securities plus the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon 
conversion of Preferred Stock owned by such Investor immediately prior to the issuance of New 
Securities to (b) the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to 
the issuance of New Securities (assuming full conversion of the Preferred Stock and exercise of 
all outstanding convertible securities, rights, options and warrants but excluding any unused 
portion of any option or similar pool). An Investor shall be entitled to apportion the right of first 
offer hereby granted to it among itself and its Affiliates in such proportions as it deems 
appropriate. 
4.2 
Restrictions. This right of first offer shall be subject to the following 
provisions: 
(a) 
"New Securities" shall mean any capital stock (including 
Common Stock and/or Preferred Stock) of the Company whether now authorized or not, and 
rights, convertible securities, options or warrants to purchase such capital stock, and securities of 
any type whatsoever that are, or may become, exercisable or convertible into capital stock; 
provided that the term "New Securities" does not include: 
(i) 
securities or rights to acquire securities that are excluded 
from the definition of "Additional Shares of Common Stock" under the Restated Certificate, as 
may be amended from time to time; or 
(ii) 
any shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued under the 
Purchase Agreement, as such agreement may be amended. 
(b) 
The right of first offer in this Section 4.2 shall not be applicable 
with respect to any Investor if (i) at the time of such offering, the Investor is not an "accredited 
investor" as that term is defined in Section 50I(a) of the Securities Act and (ii) such offering of 
Shares is otherwise being offered only to accredited investors. 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
- 17 - 
EFTA00589139
--- PAGE 18 ---
(c) 
In the event the Company proposes to undertake an issuance of 
New Securities, it shall give each Investor written notice of its intention, describing the type of 
New Securities, and their price and the general terms upon which the Company proposes to issue 
the same. Each Investor shall have fifteen (15) days after any such notice is mailed or delivered 
to agree to purchase such Investor's pro rata share of such New Securities for the price and upon 
the terms specified in the notice by giving written notice to the Company. At the expiration of 
such fifteen (15) day period, the Company shall promptly notify each Investor that elects to 
purchase or acquire all the shares available to it (each, a "Fully Exercising Investor") of any 
other Investor's failure to do likewise. During the ten (10) day period commencing after the 
Company has given such notice, each Fully Exercising Investor may, by giving notice to the 
Company, elect to purchase or acquire, in addition to the number of shares specified above, up to 
that portion of the New Securities for which Investors were entitled to subscribe but that were 
not subscribed for by the Investors which is equal to the ratio of (a) the number of shares of 
Common Stock owned by such Fully Exercising Investor immediately prior to the issuance of 
New Securities (assuming full conversion of the Preferred Stock and exercise of all outstanding 
convertible securities, rights, options and warrants, directly or indirectly, into Common Stock 
held by said Investor) to (b) the total number of shares of Common Stock then held by all Fully 
Exercising Investors (assuming full conversion of the Preferred Stock and exercise of all 
outstanding convertible securities, rights, options and warrants, directly or indirectly, into 
Common Stock held by all Fully Exercising Investor) who wish to purchase such unsubscribed 
shares. 
(d) 
In the event the Investors fail to exercise fully the right of first 
offer within said twenty-five (25) day period (the "Election Period"), the Company shall have 
ninety (90) days thereafter to sell or enter into an agreement (pursuant to which the sale of New 
Securities covered thereby shall be closed, if at all, within ninety (90) days from the date of said 
agreement) to sell that portion of the New Securities with respect to which the Investors' right of 
first refusal option set forth in this Section 4.2 was not exercised, at a price and upon terms no 
more favorable to the purchasers thereof than specified in the Company's notice to Investors 
delivered pursuant to Section 4.2(b). In the event the Company has not sold within such ninety 
(90) day period following the Election Period, or such ninety (90) day period following the date 
of said agreement, the Company shall not thereafter issue or sell any New Securities, without 
first again offering such securities to the Investors in the manner provided in this Section 4.2. 
(e) 
The right of first offer granted under this Agreement shall expire 
upon, and shall not be applicable to the first to occur of (i) the IPO or (ii) a Deemed Liquidation 
Event, as defined in the Restated Certificate. 
5. 
Additional Covenants. 
5.1 
Insurance. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to 
obtain, within ninety (90) days of the date of such request, from financially sound and reputable 
insurers Directors and Officers liability insurance in an amount and on terms and conditions 
satisfactory to the Board of Directors, including at least one of the Preferred Directors, and will 
use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such insurance policies to be maintained until such 
time as the Board of Directors determines that such insurance should be discontinued. 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
- 18 - 
EFTA00589140
--- PAGE 19 ---
5.2 
Employee Agreements. The Company will cause (i) each person now or 
hereafter employed by it or by any subsidiary (or engaged by the Company or any subsidiary as a 
consultant/independent contractor) to enter into a nondisclosure and proprietary rights 
assignment agreement and (ii) each Key Employee to enter into a one (I) year non-solicitation 
agreement, in the form approved by the Board of Directors (including the affirmative approval of 
at least one of the Preferred Directors). All current and future employees shall be employed by 
the Company "at will" unless otherwise provided by the terms of an employment agreement 
approved by the Board of Directors (including the affirmative consent of at least one of the 
Preferred Directors). In addition, the Company shall not amend, modify, terminate, waive, or 
otherwise alter, in whole or in part, any of the above referenced agreements or any restricted 
stock agreement between the Company and any employee, without the approval of the Board of 
Directors (including the affirmative consent of at least one of the Preferred Directors). 
5.3 
Employee Stock. Unless otherwise approved by the Board of Directors, 
all future employees and consultants of the Company who purchase, receive options to purchase, 
or receive awards of shares of the Company's capital stock after the date hereof shall be required 
to execute restricted stock or option agreements, as applicable, providing for (i) vesting of shares 
over a four (4)-year period, with the first twenty-five percent (25%) of such shares vesting 
following twelve (12) months of continued employment or service, and the remaining shares 
vesting in equal monthly installments over the following thirty-six (36) months, (ii) no 
accelerated vesting upon the occurrence of a Deemed Liquidation Event (as such term is defined 
in the Restated Certificate) and (iii) a market stand-off provision substantially similar to that in 
Section 2.11. In addition, unless otherwise approved by the Board of Directors, the Company 
shall retain a "right of first refusal" on employee transfers until the Company's IPO and shall 
have the right to repurchase unvested shares at cost upon termination of employment of a holder 
of restricted stock. 
5.4 
Employee Matters. Each executive officer of the Company shall devote 
100% of his or her professional time to the Company (excluding writing activities, public 
appearances and other quasi academic pursuits). Any other professional activity shall require the 
approval of at least one of the Preferred Directors. 
5.5 
Board Matters. The Company shall reimburse the nonemployee directors 
for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket travel expenses incurred (consistent with the 
Company's travel policy) in connection with attending meetings of the Board of Directors. 
5.6 
Oualified Small Business Stock. The Company shall use commercially 
reasonable efforts to cause the shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued pursuant to the Purchase 
Agreement, as well as any shares into which such shares are converted, within the meaning of 
Section 1202(f) of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code"), to constitute "qualified small 
business stock" as defined in Section 1202(c) of the Code; provided, however, that such 
requirement shall not be applicable if the Board of Directors of the Company determines, in its 
good-faith business judgment, that such qualification is inconsistent with the best interests of the 
Company. 
5.7 
Successor Indemnification. If the Company or any of its successors or 
assignees consolidates with or merges into any other Person and is not the continuing or 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
- 19 - 
EFTA00589141
--- PAGE 20 ---
surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger, then to the extent necessary, 
proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assignees of the Company assume the 
obligations of the Company with respect to indemnification of members of the Board of 
Directors as in effect immediately before such transaction, whether such obligations are 
contained in the Company's Bylaws, its Certificate of Incorporation, or elsewhere, as the case 
may be. 
5.8 
Termination of Covenants. The covenants set forth in this Section 5, 
except for Section 5.7 shall terminate and be of no further force or effect (i) immediately before 
the consummation of the IPO, (ii) when the Company first becomes subject to the periodic 
reporting requirements of Section 12(g) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or (iii) upon a Deemed 
Liquidation Event, as such term is defined in the Restated Certificate. 
6. 
Miscellaneous.
6.1 
Successors and Assigns. 
The rights under this Agreement may be 
assigned (but only with all related obligations) by a Holder to a transferee of Registrable 
Securities that (i) is an Affiliate of a Holder; (ii) is a Holder's Immediate Family Member or trust 
for the benefit of an individual Holder or one or more of such Holder's Immediate Family 
Members; or (iii) after such transfer, holds at least 68,000 shares of Registrable Securities 
(subject to appropriate adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, and other 
recapitalizations); provided, however, that (x) the Company is, within a reasonable time after 
such transfer, furnished with written notice of the name and address of such transferee and the 
Registrable Securities with respect to which such rights are being transferred; and (y) such 
transferee agrees in a written instrument delivered to the Company to be bound by and subject to 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the provisions of Section 2.11. For the 
purposes of determining the number of shares of Registrable Securities held by a transferee, the 
holdings of a transferee (1) that is an Affiliate or stockholder of a Holder; (2) who is a Holder's 
Immediate Family Member; or (3) that is a trust for the benefit of an individual Holder or such 
Holder's Immediate Family Member shall be aggregated together and with those of the 
transferring Holder; provided further that all transferees who would not qualify individually for 
assignment of rights shall have a single attorney-in-fact for the purpose of exercising any rights, 
receiving notices, or taking any action under this Agreement. The terms and conditions of this 
Agreement inure to the benefit of and are binding upon the respective successors and permitted 
assignees of the parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer 
upon any party other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and permitted 
assignees any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, 
except as expressly provided herein. 
6.2 
Governing Law: Jurisdiction: Venue. This Agreement shall be governed 
in all respects by the internal laws of the State of Delaware as applied to agreements entered into 
among Delaware residents to be performed entirely within Delaware, without regard to 
principles of conflicts of law. With respect to any disputes arising out of or related to this 
Agreement, the parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of, and venue in, the Chancery Court 
of the State of Delaware and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of 
America or any court in any other country. 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
- 20 - 
EFTA00589142
--- PAGE 21 ---
6.3 
Counterparts• Facsimile. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or 
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall 
constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by 
facsimile signature and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, 
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
6.4 
Titles and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are for 
convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement. 
6.5 
Notices. All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to 
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon the earlier of 
actual receipt or: (i) personal delivery to the party to be notified; (ii) when sent, if sent by 
electronic mail or facsimile during the recipient's normal business hours, and if not sent during 
normal business hours, then on the recipient's next business day; (iii) five (5) days after having 
been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; or (iv) one (1) 
business day after the business day of deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, 
freight prepaid, specifying next-day delivery, with written verification of receipt. 
All 
communications shall be sent to the respective parties at their addresses as set forth on Schedule 
A hereto or such email address, facsimile number, or address as subsequently modified by 
written notice given in accordance with this Section 6.5. If notice is given to the Company such 
notice shall be sent to 11654 Plaza America Drive, Suite 601, Reston, Virginia, 20190, 
Attention: President with a copy to Gunderson Dettmer Stough Villeneuve Franklin & 
Hachigian, LLP, 1200 Seaport Boulevard, Redwood City, California, 94063, Attention: Joshua 
Cook. 
6.6 
Amendments and Waivers. 
Any term of this Agreement (other than 
Section 4) may be amended and the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived 
(either generally or in a particular instance, and either retroactively or prospectively) only with 
the written consent of the Company and the holders of a majority of the shares of Preferred Stock 
(or Common Stock issued upon the conversion thereof) then outstanding; provided that the 
Company may in its sole discretion waive compliance with Section 2.12(c); provided further that 
any provision hereof may be waived by any waiving party on such party's own behalf, without 
the consent of any other party; and provided further, section 3.3 may be waived only by the 
written consent of FRC. Section 4 of this Agreement may be amended and the observance of 
Section 4 may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance, and either retroactively or 
prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the holders of at least a 
majority in interest of the shares of Preferred Stock (or Common Stock issued upon the 
conversion thereof) then outstanding held by Major Investors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
this Agreement may not be amended or terminated and the observance of any term hereof may 
not be waived with respect to any Investor without the written consent of such Investor, unless 
such amendment, termination, or waiver applies to all Investors in the same fashion (it being 
agreed that a waiver of the provisions of Section 4 with respect to a particular transaction shall 
be deemed to apply to all Investors in the same fashion if such waiver does so by its terms, 
notwithstanding the fact that certain Investors may nonetheless, by agreement with the Company, 
purchase securities in such transaction). 
The Company shall give prompt notice of any 
amendment or termination hereof or waiver hereunder to any party hereto that did not consent in 
writing to such amendment, termination, or waiver. Any amendment, termination, or waiver 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
- 21 - 
EFTA00589143
--- PAGE 22 ---
effected in accordance with this Section 6.6 shall be binding on all parties hereto, regardless of 
whether any such party has consented thereto. No waivers of or exceptions to any term, 
condition, or provision of this Agreement, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be or 
construed as a further or continuing waiver of any such term, condition, or provision. 
6.7 
Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this 
Agreement is for any reason held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such 
invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement, 
and such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision shall be reformed and construed so that it 
will be valid, legal, and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. 
6.8 
Aggregation of Stock. 
All shares of Registrable Securities held or 
acquired by Affiliates shall be aggregated together for the purpose of determining the availability 
of any rights under this Agreement and such Affiliated Persons may apportion such rights as 
among themselves in any manner they deem appropriate. 
6.9 
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including any Schedules and Exhibits 
hereto) constitutes the full and entire understanding and agreement among the parties with 
respect to the subject matter hereof, and any other written or oral agreement relating to the 
subject matter hereof existing between the parties is expressly canceled. 
6.10 
Delays or Omissions. No delay or omission to exercise any right, power, 
or remedy accruing to any party under this Agreement, upon any breach or default of any other 
party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power, or remedy of such nonbreaching 
or nondefaulting party, nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of or acquiescence to any such 
breach or default, or to any similar breach or default thereafter occurring, nor shall any waiver of 
any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or 
thereafter occurring. All remedies, whether under this Agreement or by law or otherwise 
afforded to any party, shall be cumulative and not alternative. 
6.11 
Additional Investors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
herein, if the Company issues additional shares of the Company's Series A Preferred Stock after 
the date hereof, any purchaser of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock may become a party to 
this Agreement by executing and delivering an additional counterpart signature page to this 
Agreement and thereafter shall be deemed an "Investor" for all purposes hereunder. 
6.12 
Acknowledgment. The Company acknowledges that the Investors are in 
the business of venture capital investing and therefore review the business plans and related 
proprietary information of many enterprises, including enterprises which may have products or 
services which compete directly or indirectly with those of the Company. Nothing in this 
Agreement shall preclude or in any way restrict the Investors from investing or participating in 
any particular enterprise whether or not such enterprise has products or services which compete 
with those of the Company. 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
- 22 - 
EFTA00589144
--- PAGE 23 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
PHYSICAL GRAPH CORPORATION 
By: 
Name: Alexander Hawkinson 
Its: President 
GDSVF&MI 742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589145
--- PAGE 24 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
GREYLOCK XIV LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
GREYLOCK XIV-A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
GREYLOCK XIV PRINCIPALS LLC 
By: Greylock XIV GP LLC, its General Partner 
By: 
Name: Donald A. Sullivan 
Title: Senior Managing Member 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589146
--- PAGE 25 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
FIRST ROUND CAPITAL IV, L.P. 
as nominee for itself and affiliated funds 
By: FIRST ROUND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT IV, L.P, 
Its general partner 
By: FIRST ROUND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT IV, LLC, 
Its general partner 
By: 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589147
--- PAGE 26 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
HIGHLAND CAPITAL PARTNERS 9 LIMITED 
PARTNERSHIP 
By: Highland Management Partners 9 Limited Partnership, 
its General Partner 
By: Highland Management Partners 9, LLC, 
its General Partner 
By:  
Authorized Manager 
HIGHLAND CAPITAL PARTNERS 9-B LIMITED 
PARTNERSHIP 
By: Highland Management Partners 9 Limited Partnership, 
its General Partner 
By: Highland Management Partners 9, LLC, 
its General Partner 
By:  
Authorized Manager 
HIGHLAND ENTREPRENEURS' FUND 9 LIMITED 
PARTNERSHIP 
By: Highland Management Partners 9 Limited Partnership, 
its General Partner 
By: Highland Management Partners 9, LLC, 
its General Partner 
By:  
Authorized Manager 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589148
--- PAGE 27 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
KEY HOLDERS: 
Mural Ventures , LLC 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Alex Hawkinson 
By: 
Andrew Brooks 
By: 
Jeff Hagins 
By: 
Scott Vlaminck 
By: 
Benjamin Edwards 
By: 
Jesse O'Neill-Oine 
By: 
James Stolp 
By:  
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589149
--- PAGE 28 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
SV ANGEL IV, L.P. 
By: 
Name: David Lee 
Title: Managing Member 
Address: 588 Sutter Street, #299 
San Francisco, CA 94102 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589150
--- PAGE 29 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
BOX GROUP, LLC 
By: 
Name: David Tisch 
Title: Managing Member 
Address: 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589151
--- PAGE 30 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
JUMPTEN, LLC 
By: 
Name: Jared Hecht 
Title: Member 
Address: 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589152
--- PAGE 31 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
GORDON FAMILY REVOCABLE TRUST 
By: 
Name: Zorik Gordon 
Title: Co-Trustee 
Address:  
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589153
--- PAGE 32 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
NJH GST TRUST 
By: 
Name: Anita Hanks 
Title: Interested Trustee 
Address: 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589154
--- PAGE 33 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
TGS SMARTTHINGS LLC 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Address: 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589155
--- PAGE 34 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
CRUNCH FUND I, L.P., a Delaware limited 
partnership 
By: Crunch Fund I GP, L.L.C., a Delaware 
Limited Liability Company 
Title: General Partner 
By: 
Patrick Gallagher 
Title: Managing Member 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589156
--- PAGE 35 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
EMIL MICHAEL 
Address:  
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589157
--- PAGE 36 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
MARTIN VARSAVSKY WAISMAN-
DIAMOND 
Address: 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589158
--- PAGE 37 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
A-GRADE INVESTMENTS II, LLC 
By: 
Name: Henry E. Orren 
Title: Assistant Vice President and 
Secretary
Address: 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589159
--- PAGE 38 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
RYAN SARVER 
Address:  
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589160
--- PAGE 39 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
AVIV NEVO 
Address:  
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589161
--- PAGE 40 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
AARON LEVIE 
Address:  
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589162
--- PAGE 41 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
CHRISTOPHER DIXON 
Address: 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589163
--- PAGE 42 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
INITIALIZED CAPITAL SPECIAL 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP 
Address: 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589164
--- PAGE 43 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
APOLETTO LIMITED 
Address: 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589165
--- PAGE 44 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
LOIC AND GERALDINE LE MEUR 
FAMILY TRUST 
Address: 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589166
--- PAGE 45 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
SHERPA INVESTMENT WF LLC 
By: 
Name: Shervin Pishevar 
Title: Member 
Address: 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589167
--- PAGE 46 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
SLOW VENTURES H, LLC 
By: 
Name: Dave Morin 
Title: 
Manager 
Address: 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589168
--- PAGE 47 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated 
Investors' Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
INVESTORS: 
By: 
Name: 
Title:  
Address: 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
INVESTORS' RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
EFTA00589169
--- PAGE 48 ---
SCHEDULE A 
Investor Name 
Highland Capital Partners 9 Limited Partnership 
Highland Capital Partners 9-B Limited Partnership 
Highland Entrepreneurs' Fund 9 Limited Partnership 
Greylock XIV Limited Partnership 
Greylock XIV-A Limited Partnership 
Greylock XIV Principals LLC 
First Round Capital IV, L.P. 
SV Angel IV LP 
Lerer Ventures III, LP 
Lerer Ventures III-B, LP 
Lerer Ventures III-A, LLC 
Box Group, LLC 
Christopher Dixon 
Jumpten LLC 
Gordon Family Revocable Trust 
NJH GST Trust 
Max Levchin 
Initialized Capital Special Opportunities Fund I, LP 
Ryan Sarver 
TGS SmartThings LLC 
Crunch Fund I, L.P., a Delaware Limited Partnership 
Emil Michael 
Aviv Nevo 
Martin Varsaysky Waisman-Diamond 
Apoletto Limited 
A-Grade Investments II, LLC 
Aaron Levie 
Loic and Geraldine Le Meur Family Trust 
Sherpa Investment WF LLC 
Slow Ventures II, LLC 
GDSVE&R.1742977.4 
EFTA00589170
--- PAGE 49 ---
SCHEDULE B 
SCHEDULE OF KEY HOLDERS 
Name 
Mural Ventures, LLC 
Alexander Hawkinson 
Andrew Brooks 
Jeffrey Hagins 
Scott Vlaminck 
Benjamin Edwards 
Jesse O'Neil-Oine 
James Stolp 
GDSVFMI11742977.4 
EFTA00589171

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589172.pdf
----------------------------------------
PWRW&G LLP DRAFT 4-25-13 
AMENDED AND RESTATED TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT 
This AMENDED AND RESTATED TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT (this 
"Agreement"), dated as of April [ ], 2013, is hereby entered into by and among APO Corp., a 
Delaware corporation ("APO Corp."), Apollo Principal Holdings II, L.P., a Delaware limited 
partnership ("Apollo Principal II"), Apollo Principal Holdings IV, L.P., a Cayman Islands 
exempted limited partnership ("Apollo Principal IV"), Apollo Principal Holdings VI, a Delaware 
limited partnership ("Apollo Principal VI"), Apollo Principal Holdings VIII, L.P., a Cayman 
Islands exempted limited partnership ("Apollo Principal VIII"), Apollo Management Holdings, 
L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ("AMH"), AMH Holdings (Cayman), L.P., a Cayman 
Islands exempted limited partnership ("AMH Holdings") (together with all other Persons (as 
defined herein) in which APO Corp. acquires a partnership interest, member interest or similar 
interest after the date hereof and who execute and deliver a joinder contemplated in Section 7.14, 
the "Partnerships"), and each of the undersigned parties hereto identified as "Holders". 
RECITALS 
WHEREAS, the Holders hold interests as partners or members of entities (the "Prior 
Entities") and previously sold some of such interests in the Prior Entities, as well as sold some 
interests in the Partnerships ("Partnership Units") to APO Corp. and its subsidiaries (the "Initial 
Sale") in connection with the issuance of Notes pursuant to the Strategic Agreement dated as of 
July 13, 2007, by and among the Issuer, APOC Holdings Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted 
company, the California Public Employees' Retirement System and the other parties thereto; 
WHEREAS, some of the Holders also indirectly hold Partnership Units through AP 
Professional Holdings, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership ("AP 
Professional"); 
WHEREAS, each of the Partnerships is treated as a partnership for U.S. Federal income 
tax purposes; 
WHEREAS, the limited partner interests in the Apollo Operating Group (as defined 
herein), are exchangeable, for Federal income tax purposes, with APO Corp., APO FC and the 
Issuer for Class A Shares (as defined herein), subject to the provisions of the Amended and 
Restated Exchange Agreement (as defined herein); 
WHEREAS, the Prior Entities, the Partnerships, and each of their direct and indirect 
subsidiaries, had in effect for the Taxable Year in which the Initial Sale occurred, and will have 
in effect for each Taxable Year in which an exchange of Partnership Units for Class A Shares 
occurs, an election under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), and which elections are intended generally to result in an adjustment to the tax basis of 
the assets owned by the Partnerships and the Prior Entities (solely with respect to APO Corp.) at 
the time of a sale of Partnership Units for Class A Shares, or any other acquisition of Partnership 
Units for cash or other consideration, including the Initial Sale (collectively, an "Exchange") 
(such time, the "Exchange Date") (such assets and any asset whose tax basis is determined in 
whole or in part, by reference to the adjusted basis of any such asset, or is adjusted as a result of 
NY1:1694391.10 
EFTA00589172
--- PAGE 2 ---
the sale or exchange of such asset, the "Original Assets") by reason of such Exchange and the 
receipt of payments under this Agreement; 
WHEREAS, the original Tax Receivable Agreement among APO Corp., Apollo Principal 
II, Apollo Principal IV, AMH, and the Holders party thereto, dated July 13, 2007 (the "Original 
Tax Receivable Agreement") provided for certain arrangements with respect to the effect of the 
Basis Adjustment and Imputed Interest (in each case, as defined herein) on the actual liability for 
Taxes of APO Corp.; 
WHEREAS, the parties to the Original Tax Receivable Agreement together with Apollo 
Principal VI, Apollo Principal VIII, and AMH Holdings now desire to enter into this Agreement 
to amend and restate the Original Tax Receivable Agreement in its entirety as more fully set 
forth below; and 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective covenants and 
agreements set forth herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as 
follows: 
ARTICLE I 
DEFINITIONS 
Section 1.01. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the terms set forth in this 
Article I shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the 
singular and plural forms of the terms defined). 
"Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly, 
through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control 
with, such first Person. 
"Agreed Rate" means LIBOR plus 100 basis points. 
"Agreement" is defined in the Preamble of this Agreement. 
"Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement" means the Amended and Restated 
Exchange Agreement among the Issuer, each of the Apollo Principal Partnerships, APO Corp., 
APO FC and AP Professional dated the date hereof. 
"Amended Schedule" is defined in Section 2.04(b) of this Agreement. 
"Amended Tax Benefit Schedule" is defined in Section 3.01(b) of this Agreement. 
"AMH" is defined in the Preamble of this Agreement. 
"AMH Holdings" is defined in the Preamble of this Agreement. 
"AP Professional" is defined in the Recitals of this Agreement. 
NY1:1694391.10 
EFTA00589173
--- PAGE 3 ---
"APO Corp." means APO Corp. (as defined in the Preamble of this Agreement), and any 
successor corporation thereof or similar blocker corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the 
Issuer. 
"APO Corp. Return" means the federal, state, local and/or foreign Tax Return, as 
applicable, of APO Corp. filed with respect to Taxes of any Taxable Year. 
"APO FC" means APO (FC), LLC, an Anguilla limited liability company, and any 
successor thereof. 
"APO LLC" means APO Asset Co., LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and any 
successor thereof. 
"Apollo Operating Group" shall have the meaning given to such term in the Shareholders 
Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2007, among the Issuer, AP Professional and the other parties 
named therein. 
"Apollo Operating Group Members" means, collectively, APO Corp., APO FC and APO 
LLC. 
"Apollo Principal IP" means Apollo Principal 
Agreement), and any successor thereto. 
"Apollo Principal IV" means Apollo Principal 
Agreement), and any successor thereto. 
"Apollo Principal VI" means Apollo Principal 
Agreement), and any successor thereto. 
"Apollo Principal VIIP" means Apollo Principal 
Agreement), and any successor thereto. 
II (as defined in the Preamble of this 
IV (as defined in the Preamble of this 
VI (as defined in the Preamble of this 
VIII (as defined in the Preamble of this 
"Apollo Principal Partnerships" means, collectively, Apollo Principal Holdings I L.P., a 
Delaware limited partnership, Apollo Principal Holdings III, a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership, Apollo Principal Holdings V, a Delaware limited partnership, Apollo Principal 
Holdings VII, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, Apollo Principal Holdings IX, a 
Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, Apollo Principal II, Apollo Principal IV, Apollo 
Principal VI, Apollo Principal VIII, AMH, AMH Holdings and any successors thereto. 
"Basis Adjustment" means, as a result of an Exchange and the payments made pursuant 
to this Agreement, the adjustment to the tax basis of an Original Asset under (i) Section 732 of 
the Code (in situations where, as a result of one or more Exchanges, a Partnership becomes an 
entity that is disregarded as separate from its owner for tax purposes), and (ii) Section 1012 of 
the Code, or Sections 743(b) and 754 of the Code (in situations where, following an Exchange, a 
Partnership remains in existence as an entity for tax purposes), and, in case of clauses (i) and (ii), 
comparable sections of state, local and foreign tax laws all as calculated under Section 2.01 of 
this Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the amount of any 
Basis Adjustment resulting from an Exchange of one or more Partnership Units shall be 
NYI:1694391.10 
EFTA00589174
--- PAGE 4 ---
determined without regard to any he-Exchange Transfer of such Partnership Units, and as if any 
such Pre-Exchange Transfer had not occurred. 
"Business Day" means Monday through Friday of each week, except that a legal holiday 
recognized as such by the government of the United States of America or the State of New York 
shall not be regarded as a Business Day. 
"Change of Control" means the occurrence of any Person, other than a Person approved 
by the current Manager, becoming the manager of the Issuer. 
"Class A Shares" means the Class A Common Shares of the Issuer representing Class A 
limited liability company interests of the Issuer. 
"Code" is defined in the Recitals of this Agreement. 
"Control" means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the 
direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting 
securities, by contract or otherwise. 
"Default Rate" means LIBOR plus 500 basis points. 
"Determination" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 1313(a) of the 
Code or similar provision of state, local and foreign tax law, as applicable, or any other event 
(including the execution of a Form 870-AD) that finally and conclusively establishes the amount 
of any liability for Tax. 
"Early Termination Date" means the date of an Early Termination Notice for purposes of 
determining the Early Termination Payment. 
"Early Termination Notice" is defined in Section 4.02 of this Agreement. 
"Early Termination Payment" is defined in Section 4.03(b) of this Agreement. 
"Early Termination Rate" means the lesser of (i) 6.5% and (ii) LIBOR plus 100 basis 
points. 
"Early Termination Schedule" is defined in Section 4.02 of this Agreement. 
"Exchange" is defined in the Recitals of this Agreement. 
"Exchange Basis Schedule" is defined in Section 2.02 of this Agreement. 
"Exchange Date" is defined in the Recitals of this Agreement. 
"Exchange Payment" is defined in Section 5.01. 
"Excluded Assets" is defined in Section 7.11(c) of this Agreement. 
"Expert" is defined in Section 7.09 of this Agreement. 
NY1:1694391.10 
EFTA00589175
--- PAGE 5 ---
"Holder" means the parties hereto other than APO Corp., Apollo Principal II, Apollo 
Principal IV, Apollo Principal VI, Apollo Principal VIII, AMH, AMH Holdings, and each other 
individual who from time to time executes a joinder agreement in the form attached hereto as 
Exhibit A. 
"Holder Group Member" means any Holder, Affiliate of a Holder, AP Professional, BRH 
Holdings, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, and BRH Holdings GP Ltd., a 
Cayman Islands limited liability corporation. 
"Imputed Interest" shall mean any interest imputed under Section 1272, 1274 or 483 or 
other provision of the Code and any similar provision of state, local and foreign tax law with 
respect to APO Corp.'s payment obligations under this Agreement. 
"Initial Sale" is defined in the Recitals of this Agreement. 
"Issuer means Apollo Global Management, LLC, a limited liability company formed 
under the laws of the State of Delaware, and any successor thereto. 
"LIBOR" means for each month (or portion thereof) during any period, an interest rate 
per annum equal to the rate per annum reported, on the date two days prior to the first day of 
such month, on the Telerate Page 3750 (or if such screen shall cease to be publicly available, as 
reported on Reuters Screen page "LIBO" or by any other publicly available source of such 
market rate) for London interbank offered rates for U.S. dollar deposits for such month (or 
portion thereof). 
"Manager" means AGM Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and 
the manager of the Issuer. 
"Market Value" shall mean the closing price of the Class A Shares on the applicable 
Exchange Date on the national securities exchange or interdealer quotation system on which 
such Class A Shares are then traded or listed, as reported by the Wall Street Journal; provided 
that if the closing price is not reported by the Wall Street Journal for the applicable Exchange 
Date, then the Market Value shall mean the closing price of the Class A Shares on the Business 
Day immediately preceding such Exchange Date on the national securities exchange or 
interdealer quotation system on which such Class A Shares are then traded or listed, as reported 
by the Wall Street Journal; provided further, that if the Class A Shares are not then listed on a 
national securities exchange or interdealer quotation system, "Market Value" shall mean the fair 
market value of the Class A Shares, as determined by the Manager in good faith. 
"Material Objection Notice" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.02. 
"Net Tax Benefit" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b). 
"Non-Stepped Up Tax Basis" means, with respect to any asset at any time, the tax basis 
that such asset would have had at such time if no Basis Adjustment had been made. 
"Non-Stepped Up Tax Liability" means, with respect to any Taxable Year, the liability 
for Taxes of APO Corp., including with respect, directly or indirectly, to the income and gains 
NY1:1694391.10 
EFTA00589176
--- PAGE 6 ---
allocable to APO Corp. from any Partnership in which APO Corp. owns an interest (other than a 
Partnership in which APO Corp. owns an interest after an Exchange but in which APO Corp. did 
not own an interest immediately before such Exchange) using the same methods, elections, 
conventions and similar practices used on APO Corp.'s Return, but calculated using the Non-
Stepped Up Tax Basis instead of the tax basis of the Original Assets and excluding any 
deduction attributable to the Imputed Interest. 
"Notes" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Strategic Agreement. 
"Objection Notice" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(a). 
"Original Assets" is defined in the Recitals of this Agreement. 
"Original Tax Receivable Agreement" is defined in the Recitals of this Agreement. 
"Partnerships" is defined in the Preamble of this Agreement. 
"Partnership Agreement" means, with respect to a Partnership, the Amended and 
Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of such Partnership. 
"Partnership Units" is defined in the Recitals of this Agreement. 
"Payment Date" means any date on which a payment is required to be made pursuant to 
this Agreement. 
"Person" shall be construed broadly and includes any 
individual, corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, estate, trust, business association, 
organization, governmental entity or other entity. 
"Pre-Exchange Transfer" means any transfer (including upon the death of a Holder) of 
one or more Partnership Units (i) that occurs prior to an Exchange of such Partnership Units, and 
(ii) to which Section 743(b) of the Code applies. 
"Prior Entities" is defined in the Recitals of this Agreement. 
"Realized Tax Benefit" means, for a Taxable Year, the excess, if any, of the Non-Stepped 
Up Tax Liability over the actual liability for Taxes of APO Corp. or any Partnership in which 
APO Corp. owns, directly or indirectly, an interest (other than a Partnership in which APO Corp. 
owns an interest after an Exchange but in which APO Corp. did not own an interest immediately 
before such Exchange), but only with respect to Taxes imposed with respect to income of such 
Partnership allocable to APO Corp. If all or a portion of the actual liability for Taxes for the 
Taxable Year arises as a result of an audit by a Taxing Authority for the Taxable Year, such 
liability shall not be included in determining the Realized Tax Benefit unless and until there has 
been a Determination. 
"Realized Tax Detriment" means, for a Taxable Year, the excess, if any, of the actual 
liability for Taxes of APO Corp. or any Partnership in which APO Corp. owns an interest (other 
than a Partnership in which APO Corp. owns an interest after an Exchange but in which APO 
NYI:1694391.10 
EFTA00589177
--- PAGE 7 ---
Corp. did not own an interest immediately before such Exchange), but only with respect to Taxes 
imposed with respect to income of such Partnership allocable to APO Corp., over the Non-
Stepped Up Tax Liability for such Taxable Year. If all or a portion of the actual liability for 
Taxes for the Taxable Year arises as a result of an audit by a Taxing Authority for the Taxable 
Year, such liability shall not be included in determining the Realized Tax Detriment unless and 
until there has been a Determination. 
"Reconciliation Dispute" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.09 of this Agreement. 
"Reconciliation Procedures" shall mean those procedures set forth in Section 7.09 of this 
Agreement. 
"Schedule" means any Exchange Basis Schedule, Tax Benefit Schedule and the Early 
Termination Schedule. 
"Senior Obligations" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01 of this Agreement. 
"Strategic Agreement" means the Strategic Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2007, by and 
among Apollo, APOC Holdings Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company, the California 
Public Employees' Retirement System and the other parties thereto. 
"Subsidiaries" means, with respect to any Person, as of any date of determination, any 
other Person as to which such Person, owns, directly or indirectly, or otherwise controls more 
than 50% of the voting power or other similar interests or the sole general partner interest or 
managing member or similar interest of such Person. 
"Tax Benefit Payment" is defined in Section 3.01(b) of this Agreement. 
"Tax Benefit Schedule" is defined in Section 2.03 of this Agreement. 
"Tax Return" means any return, declaration, report or similar statement required to be 
filed with respect to Taxes (including any attached schedules), including, without limitation, any 
information return, claim for refund, amended return and declaration of estimated Tax. 
"Taxable Year means a taxable year as defined in Section 441(b) of the Code or 
comparable section of state, local or foreign tax law, as applicable, (and, therefore, for the 
avoidance of doubt, may include a period of less than 12 months for which a Tax Return is 
made) ending on or after an Exchange Date in which there is a Basis Adjustment due to an 
Exchange. 
"Taxes" means any and all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign taxes, assessments or 
similar charges measured with respect to net income or profits and any interest related to such 
Tax. 
'faxing Authority" shall mean any domestic, foreign, federal, national, state, county or 
municipal or other local government, any subdivision, agency, commission or authority thereof, 
or any quasi-governmental body exercising any taxing authority or any other authority exercising 
Tax regulatory authority. 
NYI:1694391.10 
EFTA00589178
--- PAGE 8 ---
"Treasury Regulations" means the final, temporary and proposed regulations under the 
Code promulgated from time to time (including corresponding provisions and succeeding 
provisions) as in effect for the relevant taxable period. 
"Valuation Assumptions" shall mean, as of an Early Termination Date, the assumptions 
that (I) in each Taxable Year ending on or after such Early Termination Date, APO Corp. will 
have taxable income sufficient to fully utilize the deductions arising from the Basis Adjustment 
and the Imputed Interest during such Taxable Year, (2) the federal income tax rates and state, 
local and foreign income tax rates that will be in effect for each such Taxable Year will be those 
specified for each such Taxable Year by the Code and other law as in effect on the Early 
Termination Date, (3) any loss carryovers or carryback generated by the Basis Adjustment or the 
Imputed Interest and available as of the date of the Early Termination Schedule will be utilized 
by APO Corp. on a pro rata basis from the date of the Early Termination Schedule through the 
scheduled expiration date of such loss carryovers or carrybacks, (4) any non-amortizable assets 
are deemed to be disposed of (A) with respect to private equity fund related assets, pro-rata over 
the number of years remaining under the original fund agreement until expected liquidation 
(without extensions) of the applicable fund (or, if such expected liquidation date has passed, on 
the Early Termination Date) and (B) with respect to all other assets, on the fifteenth anniversary 
of the earlier of the Basis Adjustment and the Early Termination Date and (5) if an Early 
Termination Date is effected prior to an Exchange of Partnership Units, clause (i) of Section 2.01 
shall be read to include the Market Value of the Class A Shares and cash that would be 
transferred if the Exchange of all Partnership Units, that have not previously been Exchanged, 
occurred on the Early Termination Date. 
ARTICLE II 
DETERMINATION OF REALIZED TAX BENEFIT 
Section 2.01. Basis Adjustment. APO Corp. and the Partnerships, on the one 
hand, and the applicable Holder, on the other hand, acknowledge that, as a result of an Exchange, 
APO Corp.'s and its Subsidiaries' basis in the Original Assets shall be increased by the excess, if 
any, of (i) the sum of (x) the Market Value of the Class A Shares, cash or other consideration 
transferred to the applicable Holder pursuant to the Exchange as payment for the sold Partnership 
Units and interests in the Prior Entities, plus (y) the amount of payments made pursuant to this 
Agreement with respect to such Exchange plus (z) the amount of debt allocated to the 
Partnership Units and the interest in the Prior Entities acquired pursuant to such Exchange over 
(ii) APO Corp.'s and its Subsidiaries' proportionate share, as determined in accordance with the 
Code, of the basis of the Original Assets immediately after the Exchange attributable to the 
Partnership Units and interests in the Prior Entities exchanged, determined as if (x) each 
Partnership remains in existence as an entity for tax purposes, and (y) no Partnership made the 
election provided by Section 754 of the Code. For the avoidance of doubt, payments made under 
this Agreement shall not be treated as resulting in a Basis Adjustment to the extent such 
payments are treated as Imputed Interest. 
Section 2.02. Exchange Basis Schedule. Within 90 calendar days after the filing 
of the U.S. federal income APO Corp. Return for each Taxable Year in which any Exchange has 
been effected, APO Corp. shall deliver to the applicable Holder a schedule (the "Exchange Basis 
NYI:1694391.10 
EFTA00589179
--- PAGE 9 ---
Schedule"), (i) the actual unadjusted tax basis of the Original Assets as of each applicable 
Exchange Date, (ii) the Basis Adjustment with respect to the Original Assets as a result of the 
Exchanges effected in such Taxable Year, calculated in the aggregate, (iii) the period or periods, 
if any, over which the Original Assets are amortizable and/or depreciable and (iv) the period or 
periods, if any, over which each Basis Adjustment is amortizable and/or depreciable (which, for 
non-amortizable assets shall be based on the Valuation Assumptions). 
Section 2.03. Tax Benefit Schedule. Within 90 calendar days after the filing of 
the U.S. federal income APO Corp. Return for any Taxable Year in which there is a Realized 
Tax Benefit or Realized Tax Detriment, APO Corp. shall provide to the applicable Holder a 
schedule showing the calculation of the Realized Tax Benefit or Realized Tax Detriment for such 
Taxable Year (a "Tax Benefit Schedule"). The Schedule will become final as provided in 
Section 2.04(a) and may be amended as provided in Section 2.04(6) (subject to the procedures 
set forth in Section 2.04(b)). 
Section 2.04. Procedures, Amendments. 
(a) 
Procedure. Every time APO Corp. delivers to the applicable Holder an 
applicable Schedule under this Agreement, including any Amended Schedule delivered pursuant 
to Section 2.04(b), but excluding any Early Termination Schedule or amended Early Termination 
Schedule, APO Corp. shall also (x) deliver to the applicable Holder schedules and work papers 
providing reasonable detail regarding the preparation of the Schedule and (y) allow the 
applicable Holder reasonable access at no cost to the appropriate representatives at APO Corp. in 
connection with the review of such Schedule. The applicable Schedule shall become final and 
binding on all parties unless the applicable Holder, within 30 calendar days after receiving an 
Exchange Basis Schedule or amendment thereto or 30 calendar days after receiving a Tax 
Benefit Schedule or amendment thereto, provides APO Corp. with notice of a material objection 
to such Schedule ("Objection Notice") made in good faith; provided, for the sake of clarity, only 
Holders shall have the right to object to any Schedule or Amended Schedule pursuant to this 
Section 2.04. If the parties, for any reason, are unable to successfully resolve the issues raised in 
such notice within 30 calendar days of receipt by APO Corp. of an Objection Notice, APO Corp. 
and the applicable Holder shall employ the reconciliation procedures as described in Section 7.09 
of this Agreement (the "Reconciliation Procedures"). For the avoidance of doubt, it being 
understood, that for purposes of this Section 2.04(a), an Amended Schedule (as defined herein) 
shall not include an amendment made to comply with the Expert's determination under the 
Reconciliation Procedures. 
(b) 
Amended Schedule. The applicable Schedule for any Taxable Year may 
be amended from time to time by APO Corp. (i) in connection with a Determination affecting 
such Schedule, (ii) to correct material inaccuracies in the Schedule identified as a result of the 
receipt of additional factual information relating to a Taxable Year after the date the Schedule 
was provided to the applicable Holder, (iii) to comply with the Expert's determination under the 
Reconciliation Procedures, (iv) to reflect a material change in the Realized Tax Benefit or 
Realized Tax Detriment for such Taxable Year attributable to a carryback or canyfonvard of a 
loss or other tax item to such Taxable Year, (v) to reflect a material change in the Realized Tax 
Benefit or Realized Tax Detriment for such Taxable Year attributable to an amended APO 
Corp.'s Return filed for such Taxable Year, or (vi) to adjust the Exchange Basis Schedule to take 
NY1:1694391.10 
EFTA00589180
--- PAGE 10 ---
into account payments made pursuant to this Agreement (such Schedule, an "Amended 
Schedule"). 
ARTICLE III 
TAX BENEFIT PAYMENTS 
Section 3.01. Payments. 
(a) 
Payments. 
Within five (5) calendar days of a Tax Benefit Schedule 
becoming final in accordance with Section 2.04(a), APO Corp. shall pay to the applicable 
Holder, for such Taxable Year, the Tax Benefit Payment determined pursuant to Section 3.01(b). 
Each such Tax Benefit Payment shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to 
a bank account of the applicable Holder previously designated by such Holder or as otherwise 
agreed by APO Corp. and the applicable Holder. For the avoidance of doubt, no Tax Benefit 
Payment shall be made in respect of estimated tax payments, including, without limitation, 
federal income tax estimated payments. 
(b) 
A "Tax Benefit Payment" means an amount, not less than zero, equal to 
85% of the sum of the Net Tax Benefit and the Imputed Interest amount. The "Net Tax Benefit" 
shall equal: (I) APO Corp.'s Realized Tax Benefit, if any, for a Taxable Year plus (2) the 
amount of the excess Realized Tax Benefit reflected on an Amended Tax Benefit Schedule for a 
previous Taxable Year over the Realized Tax Benefit (or Realized Tax Detriment (expressed as a 
negative number)) reflected on the Tax Benefit Schedule for such previous Taxable Year, minus 
(3) an amount equal to APO Corp.'s Realized Tax Detriment (if any) for the current or any 
previous Taxable Year, minus (4) the amount of the excess Realized Tax Benefit reflected on a 
Tax Benefit Schedule for a previous Taxable Year over the Realized Tax Benefit (or Realized 
Tax Detriment (expressed as a negative number)) reflected on the Amended Tax Benefit 
Schedule for such previous Taxable Year; provided, however, that to the extent of the amounts 
described in 3.01(b)(2), (3) and (4) that were taken into account in determining any Tax Benefit 
Payment in a preceding Taxable Year, such amounts shall not be taken into account in 
determining a Tax Benefit Payment in any other Taxable Year; provided, further, no applicable 
Holder shall be required to return any portion of any previously made Tax Benefit Payment. The 
"Interest Amount" shall equal the interest on the Net Tax Benefit calculated at the Agreed Rate 
from the due date (without extensions) for filing APO Corp.'s Return with respect to Taxes for 
such Taxable Year until the Payment Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for each Taxable 
Year ending on or after the date of a Change of Control, all Tax Benefit Payments, whether paid 
with respect to Partnership Units that were exchanged (i) prior to the date of such Change of 
Control or (ii) on or after the date of such Change of Control, shall be calculated by utilizing 
Valuation Assumptions (1), (3), and (4), substituting in each case the terms "the closing date of a 
Change of Control" for an "Early Termination Date". 
Section 3.02. No Duplicative Payments. It is intended that the above provisions 
of this Agreement will not result in duplicative payment of any amount (including interest) 
required under this Agreement. It is also intended that the provisions of this Agreement provide 
that 85% of APO Corp.'s Realized Tax Benefit and Interest Amount is paid to the Holders 
NY1:1694391.10 
EFTA00589181
--- PAGE 11 ---
pursuant to this Agreement. 
The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in the 
appropriate manner as such intentions are realized. 
Section 3.03. Pro Rata Payments. To the extent APO Corp.'s deduction with 
respect to the Basis Adjustment is limited in a particular Taxable Year or APO Corp. lacks 
sufficient funds to satisfy its obligations to make all Tax Benefit Payments due in a particular 
taxable year, the limitation on the deduction, or the Tax Benefit Payments that may be made, as 
the case may be, shall be taken into account and made for each applicable Holder on a pro rata 
basis relative to the total amount of deductions each holder was entitled to get with respect to the 
aggregate Basis Adjustments for all of the applicable Holders. 
ARTICLE IV 
TERMINATION 
Section 4.01. Early Termination and Breach of Agreement. 
(a) 
APO Corp. may terminate this Agreement with respect to all of the 
Partnership Units held (or previously held and exchanged) by all Holders at any time by paying 
to all of the applicable Holders the Early Termination Payment; provided, however, that this 
Agreement shall only terminate upon the receipt of the Early Termination Payment by all 
Holders, and provided, further, that APO Corp. may withdraw any notice to execute its 
termination rights under this Section 4.01(a) prior to the time at which any Early Termination 
Payment has been paid. Upon payment of the Early Termination Payments by APO Corp., 
neither the applicable Holders nor APO Corp. shall have any further payment obligations under 
this Agreement in respect of such Holders, other than for any (a) Tax Benefit Payment agreed to 
by APO Corp. and the applicable Holder as due and payable but unpaid as of the Early 
Termination Notice and (b) Tax Benefit Payment due for the Taxable Year ending with or 
including the date of the Early Termination Notice (except to the extent that the amount 
described in clause (b) is included in the Early Termination Payment). If an Exchange occurs 
after APO Corp. exercises its termination rights under this Section 4.01(a), APO Corp. shall have 
no obligations under this Agreement with respect to such Exchange. 
(b) 
In the event that APO Corp. breaches any of its material obligations under 
this Agreement, whether as a result of failure to make any payment when due, failure to honor 
any other material obligation required hereunder or by operation of law as a result of the 
rejection of this Agreement in a case commenced under the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise, then 
all obligations hereunder shall be accelerated and such obligations shall be calculated as if an 
Early Termination Notice had been delivered on the date of such breach and shall include, but 
not be limited to, (1) the Early Termination Payment calculated as if an Early Termination 
Notice had been delivered on the date of a breach, (2) any Tax Benefit Payment agreed to by 
APO Corp. and any Holder as due and payable but unpaid as of the date of a breach, and (3) any 
Tax Benefit Payment due for the Taxable Year ending with or including the date of a breach. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that APO Corp. breaches this Agreement, the 
Holders shall be entitled to elect to receive the amounts set forth in (1), (2) and (3), above or to 
seek specific performance of the terms hereof. The parties agree that the failure to make any 
payment due pursuant to this Agreement within three months of the date such payment is due 
NY1:1694391.10 
EFTA00589182
--- PAGE 12 ---
shall be deemed to be a breach of a material obligation under this Agreement for all purposes of 
this Agreement, and that it will not be considered to be a breach of a material obligation under 
this Agreement to make a payment due pursuant to this Agreement within three months of the 
date such payment is due. 
(c) 
The undersigned parties agree that the aggregate value of the Tax Benefit 
Payments cannot be ascertained with any reasonable certainty for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Section 4.02. Early Termination Notice. If APO Corp. chooses to exercise its 
right of early termination under Section 4.01 above, APO Corp. shall deliver to the applicable 
Holder notice of such intention to exercise such right ("Early Termination Notice") and a 
schedule (the "Early Termination Schedule") specifying APO Corp.'s intention to exercise such 
right and showing in reasonable detail the calculation of the Early Termination Payment. The 
applicable Early Termination Schedule shall become final and binding on all parties unless the 
applicable Holder Group Member, within 30 calendar days after receiving the Early Termination 
Schedule thereto provides APO Corp. with notice of a material objection to such Schedule made 
in good faith ("Material Objection Notice"); provided, for the sake of clarity, only Holder Group 
Members shall have the right to object to any Schedule or Amended Schedule pursuant to this 
Section 4.02. If the parties, for any reason, are unable to successfully resolve the issues raised in 
such notice within 30 calendar days after receipt by APO Corp. of the Material Objection Notice, 
APO Corp. and the applicable Holder Group Member shall employ the Reconciliation 
Procedures as described in Section 7.09 of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, it being 
understood, that for purposes of this Section 4.02, an Amended Schedule shall not include an 
amendment made to comply with the Expert's determination under the Reconciliation 
Procedures. 
Section 4.03. Payment upon Early Termination. 
(a) 
Within three calendar days after agreement between the applicable Holder 
and APO Corp. of the Early Termination Schedule, APO Corp. shall pay to the applicable Holder 
an amount equal to the Early Termination Payment. Such payment shall be made by wire 
transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated by the applicable Holder or 
as otherwise agreed by APO Corp. and the applicable Holder. 
(b) 
The Early Termination Payment as of the date of the delivery of an Early 
Termination Schedule shall equal with respect to the applicable Holder the present value, 
discounted at the Early Termination Rate as of such date, of all Tax Benefit Payments that would 
be required to be paid by APO Corp. to the applicable Holder beginning from the Early 
Termination Date assuming the Valuation Assumptions are applied. 
ARTICLE V 
SUBORDINATION AND LATE PAYMENTS 
Section 5.01. Subordination. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Agreement to the contrary, any Tax Benefit Payment or Early Termination Payment required to 
NY1:1694391.10 
EFTA00589183
--- PAGE 13 ---
be made by APO Corp. to the applicable Holder under this Agreement (an "Exchange Payment") 
shall rank subordinate and junior in right of payment to any principal, interest or other amounts 
due and payable in respect of any obligations in respect of indebtedness for borrowed money of 
APO Corp. and its Subsidiaries ("Senior Obligations") and shall rank pari passu with all current 
or future unsecured obligations of APO Corp. that are not Senior Obligations. 
Section 5.02. Late Payments by APO Corp. The amount of all or any portion of 
any Tax Benefit Payment not made to the applicable Holder when due under the terms of this 
Agreement shall be payable together with any interest thereon, computed at the Default Rate and 
commencing from the date on which such Exchange Payment was due and payable. 
ARTICLE VI 
NO DISPUTES; CONSISTENCY; COOPERATION 
Section 6.01. Holder Group Member Participation in APO Corp.'s and 
Partnerships' Tax Matters. Except as otherwise provided herein, APO Corp. shall have full 
responsibility for, and sole discretion over, all Tax matters concerning APO Corp. and the 
Partnerships, including without limitation the preparation, filing or amending of any Tax Return 
and defending, contesting or settling any issue pertaining to Taxes. 
Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, APO Corp. shall notify the applicable Holder Group Member of, and keep the 
applicable Holder Group Member reasonably informed with respect to the portion of any audit of 
APO Corp. and the Partnerships by a Taxing Authority the outcome of which is reasonably 
expected to affect the applicable Holder Group Member's rights and obligations under this 
Agreement, and shall provide to the applicable Holder Group Member reasonable opportunity to 
provide information and other input to APO Corp., the Partnerships and their respective advisors 
concerning the conduct of any such portion of such audit; provided, however, that APO Corp. 
and the Partnerships shall not be required to take any action that is inconsistent with any 
provision of any of the Partnership Agreements. 
Section 6.02. Consistency. APO Crop. and the applicable Holder agree to report 
and cause to be reported for all purposes, including federal, state, local and foreign Tax purposes 
and financial reporting purposes, all Tax-related items (including without limitation the Basis 
Adjustment and each Tax Benefit Payment) in a manner consistent with that specified by APO 
Corp. in any Schedule required to be provided by or on behalf of APO Corp. under this 
Agreement. 
Section 6.03. Cooperation. The applicable Holder shall (a) furnish to APO Corp. 
in a timely manner such information, documents and other materials as APO Corp. may 
reasonably request for purposes of making any determination or computation necessary or 
appropriate under this Agreement, preparing any Tax Return or contesting or defending any 
audit, examination or controversy with any Taxing Authority, (b) make itself available to APO 
Corp. and its representatives to provide explanations of documents and materials and such other 
information as APO Corp. or its representatives may reasonably request in connection with any 
of the matters described in clause (a) above, and (c) reasonably cooperate in connection with any 
such matter, and APO Corp. shall reimburse the applicable Holder for any reasonable third-party 
costs and expenses incurred pursuant to this Section 6.03. 
NY1:1694391.10 
EFTA00589184
--- PAGE 14 ---
ARTICLE VII 
MISCELLANEOUS 
Section 7.01. Notices. 
All notices, requests, claims, demands and other 
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given and received (a) 
on the date of delivery if delivered personally, or by facsimile upon confirmation of transmission 
by the sender's fax machine if sent on a Business Day (or otherwise on the next Business Day) or 
(b) on the first Business Day following the date of dispatch if delivered by a recognized next-day 
courier service. All notices hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below, or pursuant to such 
other instructions as may be designated in writing by the party to receive such notice: 
If to APO Corp., to: 
do A ..lb Global Mana ement LLC 
with a copy to: 
Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP 
If to the applicable Holder, to: 
The address and facsimile number set forth in the records of the Partnerships. 
Any party may change its address or fax number by giving the other party written notice 
of its new address or fax number in the manner set forth above. 
Section 7.02. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become 
effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to 
the other parties, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery 
of an executed signature page to this Agreement by facsimile transmission shall be as effective 
as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Agreement. 
Section 7.03. Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement 
constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both 
written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement 
shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto and their respective 
successors and permitted assigns, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended 
NY1:1694391.10 
EFTA00589185
--- PAGE 15 ---
to or shall confer upon any other Person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever 
under or by reason of this Agreement. 
Section 7.04. Governing Law. 
This Agreement shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 
Section 7.05. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is 
invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any law or public policy, all other terms and 
provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the 
economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any 
manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other 
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in 
good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as 
possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are 
consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. 
Section 7.06. Successors; Assignment; Amendments; Waivers. 
(a) 
No Holder may assign this Agreement to any Person without the prior 
written consent of APO Corp.; provided, however, (i) that, to the extent Partnership Units are 
effectively transferred in accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreements and any other 
agreements the Holders may have entered into with the Issuer, APO Corp. and/or any of the 
Apollo Operating Group Members or Apollo Principal Partnerships, the transferring Holder shall 
assign to the transferee of such Partnership Units the transferring Holder's rights under this 
Agreement with respect to such transferred Partnership Units, as long as such transferee has 
executed and delivered, or, in connection with such transfer, executes and delivers, a joinder to 
this Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to APO Corp., agreeing to become 
a "Holder" for all purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise provided in such joinder, and 
(ii) that, once an Exchange has occurred, any and all payments that may become payable to a 
Holder pursuant to this Agreement with respect to such Exchange may be assigned to any Person 
or Persons, as long as any such Person has executed and delivered, or, in connection with such 
assignment, executes and delivers, a joinder to this Agreement, in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to APO Corp., agreeing to be bound by Section 7.12 and acknowledging specifically 
the last sentence of the next paragraph. For the avoidance of doubt: (A) to the extent a Holder 
Group Member or other Person transfers Partnership Units to a Holder Group Member pursuant 
to the relevant Partnership Agreements, the Holder Group Member receiving such Partnership 
Units shall have all rights under this Agreement with respect to such transferred Partnership 
Units as such Holder Group Members has, under this Agreement, with respect to the other 
Partnership Units held by him; and (B) the requirement to execute and deliver a joinder pursuant 
to this Section 7.06(a) shall not be construed as requiring such execution and delivery prior to an 
assignment becoming effective. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 7.06(a), no transferee described 
in clause (i) of Section 7.06(a) shall have the right to enforce the provisions of Section 2.04, 
4.02, or 6.01 of this Agreement, and no assignee described in clause (ii) of Section 7.06(a) shall 
have any rights under this Agreement except for the right to enforce its right to receive payments 
under this Agreement. 
NY1:1694391.10 
EFTA00589186
--- PAGE 16 ---
(c) 
No provision of this Agreement may be amended unless such amendment 
is approved in writing by APO Corp., on behalf of itself and the respective Partnerships it 
Controls, and by Holder Group Members who would be entitled to receive at least two-thirds of 
the Early Termination Payments payable to all Holder Group Members hereunder if APO Corp. 
had exercised its right of early termination on the date of the most recent Exchange prior to such 
amendment (excluding, for purposes of this sentence, all payments made to any Holder Group 
Member pursuant to this Agreement since the date of such most recent Exchange); provided, that 
no such amendment shall be effective if such amendment will have a disproportionate effect on 
the payments certain Holders will or may receive under this Agreement unless all such Holders 
disproportionately effected consent in writing to such amendment. 
No provision of this 
Agreement may be waived unless such waiver is in writing and signed by the party against 
whom the waiver is to be effective. 
(d) 
All of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon, 
shall inure to the benefit of and shall be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective 
successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives. APO Corp. shall 
require and cause any direct or indirect successor (whether by purchase, merger, consolidation or 
otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of APO Corp., by written 
agreement, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to 
the same extent that APO Corp. would be required to perform if no such succession had taken 
place. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event an Holder Group Member 
transfers his Partnership Units to a Permitted Transferee (as defined in each Partnership 
Agreement), excluding any other Holder Group Member, such Holder Group Member shall have 
the right, on behalf of such transferee, to enforce the provisions of Sections 2.04, 4.02 or 6.01 
with respect to such transferred Partnership Units. 
Section 7.07. Titles and Subtitles. The titles of the sections and subsections of 
this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in construing 
this Agreement. 
Section 7.08. Resolution of Disputes. 
(a) 
Any and all disputes which cannot be settled amicably, including any 
ancillary claims of any party, arising out of, relating to or in connection with the validity, 
negotiation, execution, interpretation, performance or non-performance of this Agreement 
(including the validity, scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision) shall be finally 
settled by arbitration conducted by a single arbitrator in New York in accordance with the then-
existing Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce. If the parties to the 
dispute fail to agree on the selection of an arbitrator within thirty (30) days of receipt of notice of 
arbitration, the International Chamber of Commerce shall make the appointment. The arbitrator 
shall be a lawyer and shall conduct the proceedings in the English language. 
Performance under this Agreement shall continue if reasonably possible during any 
arbitration proceedings. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a) APO Corp. may bring an 
action or special proceeding in any court of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of compelling 
NY1:1694391.10 
EFTA00589187
--- PAGE 17 ---
a party to arbitrate, seeking temporary or preliminary relief in aid of an arbitration hereunder, 
and/or enforcing an arbitration award and, for the purposes of this paragraph (b), each Holder (i) 
expressly consents to the application of paragraph (c) of this Section 7.08 to any such action or 
proceeding, (ii) agrees that proof shall not be required that monetary damages for breach of the 
provisions of this Agreement would be difficult to calculate and that remedies at law would be 
inadequate, and (iii) irrevocably appoints APO Corp. as such Holder's agent for service of 
process in connection with any such action or proceeding and agrees that service of process upon 
such agent, who shall promptly advise such Holder of any such service of process, shall be 
deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Holder in any such action or 
proceeding. 
(c) 
(i) EACH HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE 
JURISDICTION OF COURTS LOCATED IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK FOR THE 
PURPOSE OF ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
PROVISIONS OF PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS SECTION 7.08, OR ANY JUDICIAL 
PROCEEDING 
ANCILLARY 
TO 
AN 
ARBITRATION 
OR 
CONTEMPLATED 
ARBITRATION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO OR CONCERNING THIS 
AGREEMENT. Such ancillary judicial proceedings include any suit, action or proceeding to 
compel arbitration, to obtain temporary or preliminary judicial relief in aid of arbitration, or to 
confirm an arbitration award. The parties acknowledge that the forum designated by this 
paragraph (c) have a reasonable relation to this Agreement, and to the parties' relationship with 
one another. 
(ii) 
The parties hereby waive, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law, any objection which they now or hereafter may have to personal 
jurisdiction or to the laying of venue of any such ancillary suit, action or proceeding 
brought in any court referred to in paragraph (c)(i) of this Section 7.08 and such parties 
agree not to plead or claim the same. 
Section 7.09. Reconciliation. In the event that APO Corp. and the applicable 
Holder Group Member are unable to resolve a disagreement with respect to the matters governed 
by Sections 2.04, and 4.02 within the relevant period designated in this Agreement 
("Reconciliation Dispute"), the Reconciliation Dispute shall be submitted for determination to a 
nationally recognized expert (the "Expert") in the particular area of disagreement mutually 
acceptable to both parties. The Expert shall be a partner in a nationally recognized accounting 
firm or a law firm. If the parties are unable to agree on an Expert within fifteen (15) days of 
receipt by the respondent(s) of written notice of a Reconciliation Dispute, the Expert shall be 
appointed by the International Chamber of Commerce Centre for Expertise. The Expert shall 
resolve any matter relating to the Exchange Basis Schedule or an amendment thereto or the Early 
Termination Schedule or an amendment thereto within 30 calendar days and shall resolve any 
matter relating to a Tax Benefit Schedule or an amendment thereto within 15 calendar days or as 
soon thereafter as is reasonably practicable, in each case after the matter has been submitted to 
the Expert for resolution. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if the matter is not resolved 
before any payment that is the subject of a disagreement is due or any Tax Return reflecting the 
subject of a disagreement is due, such payment shall be made on the date prescribed by this 
Agreement and such Tax Return may be filed as prepared by APO Corp., subject to adjustment 
or amendment upon resolution. The costs and expenses relating to the engagement of such 
NY1:1694391.10 
EFTA00589188
--- PAGE 18 ---
Expert or amending any Tax Return shall be borne by APO Corp. APO Corp. and each 
applicable Holder Group Member shall bear their own costs and expenses of such proceeding, 
unless the Holder Group Member has a prevailing position that is more than 10% of the payment 
at issue, in which case APO Corp. shall reimburse such Holder Group Member for any 
reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses in such proceeding. Any dispute as to whether a 
dispute is a Reconciliation Dispute within the meaning of this Section 7.09 shall be decided by 
the Expert. 
The Expert shall finally determine any Reconciliation Dispute and the 
determinations of the Expert pursuant to this Section 7.09 shall be binding on APO Corp. and the 
applicable Holder Group Member and may be entered and enforced in any court having 
jurisdiction. 
Section 7.10. Withholding. APO Corp. shall be entitled to deduct and withhold 
from any payment payable pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as APO Corp. is required to 
deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code, or any 
provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld and paid 
over to the appropriate Taxing Authority by APO Corp., such withheld amounts shall be treated 
for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the applicable Holder. 
Section 7.11. Affiliated Corporations of Other Apollo Operating Group 
Members; Admission of APO Corp. into a Consolidated Group; Transfers of Corporate Assets. 
(a) 
The other Apollo Operating Group Members shall provide that all 
provisions of this Agreement shall correspondingly apply, including the payment of Tax Benefit 
Payments by any corporation owned directly or indirectly in whole or in part, now or in the 
future, by other Apollo Operating Group Members, with respect to any Realized Tax Benefit 
with respect to limited partner interests in other Apollo Principal Partnerships, that are part of the 
Exchange and in which such corporation owns an interest, under the same terms and conditions 
as set forth in this Agreement, and the other Apollo Operating Group Members shall cause such 
corporation to execute and deliver a joinder to this Agreement to such effect. If either (i) the 
Issuer or any other Apollo Operating Group Members elects to be treated as a corporation for tax 
purposes, or (ii) the Issuer holds any other Apollo Operating Group Members directly or 
indirectly through an entity that is treated as a corporation for tax purposes, then the provisions 
of this Agreement shall apply (w) to such other Apollo Operating Group Members in the same 
manner as it applies to APO Corp. and (x) to each partnership, limited partnership and limited 
liability company Controlled by any other Apollo Operating Group Members as if each such 
entity were a Partnership; provided that, if any Partnership Units or limited partner interests in 
other Apollo Principal Partnerships were Exchanged prior to an event described in clause (i) or 
(ii) above, then (y) such Exchange shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as having 
occurred immediately after such event at the Market Value in existence at the time of such prior 
Exchange, and (z) the entity that is to be treated in the same manner as APO Corp. shall be 
required to make the same Tax Benefit Payments pursuant to the terms of this Agreement that it 
would have been required to make had it been treated in the same manner as APO Corp. on the 
date of such Exchange; provided, however, that such Tax Benefit Payments shall be payable only 
with respect to (I) Original Assets that are still owned at the time of the event described in clause 
(i) or (ii) above, and (II) taxable years of such entity ending on or after the date of the event 
described in clause (i) or (ii) above. The parties agree that the terms of this Agreement will be 
NY1:1694391.10 
EFTA00589189
--- PAGE 19 ---
applied to any corporation under this Section 7.11 only if the aggregate Tax Benefit Payments 
payable with respect to such corporation are reasonably expected to be more than $10 million. 
(b) 
If APO Corp. becomes a member of an affiliated or consolidated group of 
corporations that files a consolidated income Tax Return pursuant to Section 1501 of the Code or 
any corresponding provisions of state, local or foreign law, then: (i) the provisions of this 
Agreement shall be applied with respect to the group as a whole; and (ii) Tax Benefit Payments 
shall be computed with reference to the consolidated taxable income of the group as a whole. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if Issuer acquires 
one or more assets that, as of an Exchange Date, have not been contributed to APO Corp. (other 
than Issuer's interests in the other Apollo Operating Group Members) (such assets, "Excluded 
Assets"), then all Tax Benefit Payments due hereunder shall be computed as if such assets had 
been contributed to APO Corp. on a pro rata basis on the date such assets were first acquired by 
Issuer; provided, however, that if an Excluded Asset consists of stock in a corporation, then, for 
purposes of this Section 7.11(c), (i) such corporation (and any corporation Controlled by such 
corporation) shall be deemed to have contributed its assets to APO Corp. in a transaction 
described in Section 351 of the Code, and (ii) APO Corp. shall be deemed to have contributed all 
such assets to the Partnerships, in each case on the date on which the Issuer acquired stock of 
such corporation. 
(d) 
If any entity that is obligated to make an Exchange Payment hereunder 
transfers one or more assets to a corporation with which such entity does not file a consolidated 
Tax Return pursuant to Section 1501 of the Code, such entity, for purposes of calculating the 
amount of any Exchange Payment (e.g., calculating the gross income of the entity and 
determining the Realized Tax Benefit of such entity) due hereunder, shall be treated as having 
disposed of such asset in a fully taxable transaction on the date of such contribution. The 
consideration deemed to be received by such entity shall be equal to the fair market value of the 
contributed asset, plus (i) the amount of debt to which such asset is subject, in the case of a 
contribution of an encumbered asset or (ii) the amount of debt allocated to such asset, in the case 
of a contribution of a partner interest. 
Section 7.12. Confidentiality. 
Each Holder and assignee acknowledges and 
agrees that the information of APO Corp. is confidential and, except in the course of performing 
any duties as necessary for APO Corp. and its Affiliates, as required by law or legal process or to 
enforce the terms of this Agreement, shall keep and retain in the strictest confidence and not to 
disclose to any Person all confidential matters, acquired pursuant to this Agreement, of APO 
Corp. or any Person included within the Issuer and their respective Affiliates and successors and 
the other Holders, including, without limitation, the identity of the beneficial holders of interests 
in any fund or account managed by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, confidential information 
concerning the Issuer, any Person included within the Issuer and their respective Affiliates and 
successors, the other Holders and any fund, account or investment managed by any Person 
included within the Issuer, including marketing, investment, performance data, fund 
management, credit and financial information, and other business affairs of APO Corp., any 
Person included within the Issuer and their respective Affiliates and successors, the other 
Holders and any fund, account or investment managed directly or indirectly by any Person 
included within APO Corp. learned by the Holder heretofore or hereafter. This clause 7.12 shall 
NY1:1694391.10 
EFTA00589190
--- PAGE 20 ---
not apply to (i) any information that has been made publicly available by APO Corp. or any of its 
Affiliates, becomes public knowledge (except as a result of an act of such Holder in violation of 
this Agreement) or is generally known to the business community and (ii) the disclosure of 
information to the extent necessary for a Holder to prepare and file his or her Tax Returns, to 
respond to any inquiries regarding the same from any taxing authority or to prosecute or defend 
any action, proceeding or audit by any taxing authority with respect to such returns. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each Holder may disclose to any and all 
Persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of (x) APO Corp. and 
(y) any of its transactions, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) 
that are provided to the Holders relating to such tax treatment and tax structure. 
If a Holder or assignee commits a breach, or threatens to commit a breach, of any of the 
provisions of this Section 7.12, APO Corp. shall have the right and remedy to have the 
provisions of this Section 7.12 specifically enforced by injunctive relief or otherwise by any 
court of competent jurisdiction without the need to post any bond or other security, it being 
acknowledged and agreed that any such breach or threatened breach shall cause irreparable 
injury to APO Corp. or any of its Subsidiaries or the other Holders and the accounts and funds 
managed by APO Corp. and that money damages alone shall not provide an adequate remedy to 
such Persons. Such rights and remedies shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other 
rights and remedies available at law or in equity. 
Section 7.13. Partnership Agreement. This Agreement shall be treated as part of 
the partnership agreement of each Partnership as described in Section 761(c) of the Code, and 
Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(h) and 1.761-1(c) of the Treasury Regulations. 
Section 7.14. Partnerships. 
APO Corp. hereby agrees that, to the extent it 
acquires a general partner interest, managing member interest or similar interest in any Person 
after the date hereof, it shall cause such Person to execute and deliver a joinder to this Agreement 
and become a "Partnership" for all purposes of this Agreement; provided that APO Corp. shall 
not be required to cause an Apollo Principal Partnership in which interests are held by APO FC 
or APO LLC before an Exchange, and by APO Corp. immediately after such Exchange, to 
execute and deliver such joinder and become a "Partnership" for purposes of this Agreement. 
Section 7.15. Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of 
reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 
[Signatures on following pages] 
NY1:1694391.10 
EFTA00589191
--- PAGE 21 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have duly executed this Agreement as of 
the date first written above. 
APO CORP. 
By: 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President and Secretary 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS II L.P. 
By: Principal Holdings II GP, LLC, 
its General Partner 
By: 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President and Secretary 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS IV L.P. 
By: Principal Holdings IV GP, LLC, 
its General Partner 
By: 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President and Secretary 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS VI L.P. 
By: Apollo Principal Holdings VI GP, LLC 
its General Partner 
By: 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President and Secretary 
ITax Receivable Agreement] 
EFTA00589192
--- PAGE 22 ---
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS VIII L.P. 
By: Apollo Principal Holdings VIII GP,LLC 
its General Partner 
By: 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President and Secretary 
AMH HOLDINGS (CAYMAN), LP 
By: AMH Holdings GP, Ltd. 
its General Partner 
By: 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President and Secretary 
APOLLO MANAGEMENT HOLDINGS, L.P. 
By: Apollo Management Holdings GP, LLP 
its General Partner 
By: 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President and Secretary 
'Tax Receivable Agreement' 
EFTA00589193
--- PAGE 23 ---
HOLDERS: 
Leon D. Black 
Marc J. Rowan 
Joshua J. Harris 
'Tax Receivable Agreement' 
EFTA00589194
--- PAGE 24 ---
HOLDER: 
Andrew D. Africk 
'Tax Receivable Agreement' 
EFTA00589195
--- PAGE 25 ---
HOLDER: 
Marc E. Becker 
'Tax Receivable Agreement' 
EFTA00589196
--- PAGE 26 ---
HOLDER: 
John J. Hannan 
'Tax Receivable Agreement' 
EFTA00589197
--- PAGE 27 ---
HOLDER: 
Scott M. Kleinman 
'Tax Receivable Agreement' 
EFTA00589198
--- PAGE 28 ---
HOLDER: 
Aaron J. Stone 
'Tax Receivable Agreement' 
EFTA00589199
--- PAGE 29 ---
HOLDER: 
Eric L. Zinterhofer 
'Tax Receivable Agreement' 
EFTA00589200
--- PAGE 30 ---
HOLDER: 
James C. Zelter 
'Tax Receivable Agreement' 
EFTA00589201
--- PAGE 31 ---
HOLDER: 
Laurence M. Berg 
'Tax Receivable Agreement' 
EFTA00589202
--- PAGE 32 ---
HOLDER: 
Peter P. Copses 
'Tax Receivable Agreement' 
EFTA00589203
--- PAGE 33 ---
HOLDER: 
Andrew S. Jhawar 
'Tax Receivable Agreement' 
EFTA00589204

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589205.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589205.pdf
----------------------------------------
Reid H. Weingarten 
1330 Connecticut Avenue, NW 
Washington. DC 20036-1795 
April 18, 2016 
Little, Brown & Company 
Market Place Center 
Center Plaza 
Boston, MA 02108 
ATTENTION: LEGAL COUNSEL 
RE: Proposed nook by James Patterson regarding 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Sir or Madam: 
Steptoe 
$TEPTOE I JOHNSON SO 
By letter dated December 3, 2015 Martin G Weinberg cautioned 
Little, Brown & Co about the legal risks to which it would be subject in 
publishing a proposed book about our client, Jeffrey Epstein, based on the 
defamatory media reports and the unreliable sources that have appeared over 
the past years. At the time, Mr. Weinberg understood that the author of that 
book was to be John Connolly. Little Brown & Company gave no response 
to that letter, but, as we now understand, proceeded on its ill-advised course. 
Mr. Weinberg received both by email and fedex a letter dated April 14, 
2016, addressed to Mr. Epstein, and authored by James Patterson 
representing that a book about Mr. Epstein titled "Filthy Rich" was intended 
for publication this August. 
So that there can be no doubt of your exposure to liability in such an 
undertaking, I want to once again put you on notice that Mr. Epstein has 
been the past subject of repeated and widespread untruthful, inaccurate, and 
defamatory media coverage. It would be in reckless disregard for the truth if 
a book relying in whole or in part on such media coverage were published or 
if a book relying on biased and provably untruthful or unreliable sources of 
DEWING 
BRUSSELS 
CEN1URYOTY 
CI AGO 
LONDON 
LOS ANGELES 
NEW YOU 
PALO ALTO 
PHOENIX 
WASmiNGTON 
EFTA00589205
--- PAGE 2 ---
Little, Brown and Company 
April 18, 2016 
Page 2 of 2 
information became the basis for further prejudicial publicity about Mr. 
Epstein. Given that James Patterson is being named as author (or co-
author), the proposed book is likely to generate a wider audience which 
would likely magnify a potential damage award, although large portions of 
the book may be predicated on Mr. Connolly's investigation and writing. 
We reserve any and all legal rights to contest the basis, and, should it prove 
necessary, to commence suit against all those who bear responsibility, for 
any inaccurate or untruthful publication by your firm. 
Expecting that a firm of your caliber should strive to act in a 
professional and responsible manner, we would be prepared to review an 
advance copy of the manuscript for the book to aid you in further 
investigating any defamatory falsehoods that may be contained therein 
before continuing with its publication. Short of that, if you decide to 
proceed with a release of the book, which we strongly caution against, you 
would be doing so at your own considerable risk. 
Very truly yours, 
Reid H. Weingarten 
cc: 
James Patterson 
EFTA00589206

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589207.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROMISSORY NOTE 
May 
, 2015 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, BORIS NIKOLIC, having an address at 
("NIKOLIC"), hereby promises to pay to DAVID SCHWARZ, 
aving an a 
ss at 
ashington, DC 20036 ("SCHWARZ"), 
Note Payments (as hereinafter defined), from time to time, only if, as and when provided in, and 
subject to, upon and in accordance with, the provisions of this Promissory Note. 
CONSIDERATION AND ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS 
This Promissory Note is given in consideration and exchange for the Releases in favor of 
NIKOLIC from SCHWARZ, Hayes Nuss and Peter Corsell attached as Exhibit A hereto (the 
"Releases") relating to a dispute regarding NIKOLIC's and SCHWARZ's respective interests, 
rights and obligations with respect to Biosys Capital Partners, LP (the "Fund") and the Fund's 
investment in the amount of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) in Blue Talon Data Systems, Inc. 
and Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000) in Digisight Technologies, Inc. (collectively, the 
"Portfolio Companies"). 
Upon the realization of the Fund's investments in the Portfolio 
Companies, subject to and in accordance with the Fund's operative documents, the Fund's 
general partner, Biosys Capital Management, LLC (the "GP"), from time to time may receive 
from the Fund distributions, in cash or in kind, in respect of the GP's carried interest in the Fund 
relating to such investments. In the event such distributions of carried interest are made to the 
GP, subject to and in accordance with the operative documents of the GP, NIKOLIC, as a 
principal of the GP, from time to time may receive from the GP distributions, in cash or in kind, 
of the GP's carried interest distributions from the Fund in respect of the Fund's investments in 
the Portfolio Companies. Each such distribution to NIKOLIC from the GP is herein referred to 
as a "Carried Interest Distribution". 
This Promissory Note is intended to memorialize 
NIKOLIC's obligation, in consideration and exchange for the Releases, to pay to SCHWARZ, in 
cash or in kind, at NIKOLIC's discretion, 50% of each Carried Interest Distribution NIKOLIC 
receives from the GP. 
In addition to NIKOLIC's obligations to make Note Payments only if, as and when 
provided in this Promissory Note, and as additional consideration for the Releases, NIKOLIC 
agrees that (i) NIKOLIC shall pay to SCHWARZ the sum of Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 
($150,000) simultaneously with the receipt by NIKOLIC of the original executed Releases, and 
(ii) NIKOLIC shall refrain from using any name or URL containing the term "BIOSYS" in 
connection with marketing or operating any investment business in which NIKOLIC may 
hereafter engage. 
PAYMENT.
IF AND ONLY IF, NIKOLIC receives a Carried Interest Distribution from the GP, 
within ten (10) business days after NIKOLIC receives such Carried Interest Distribution, 
NIKOLIC shall pay SCHWARZ, in cash, or in kind with shares of stock of one or both of the 
EFTA00589207
--- PAGE 2 ---
Portfolio Companies, or partly in cash and partly in kind with shares of stock of one or both of 
the Portfolio Companies, in such proportions as NIKOLIC shall determine in his sole discretion, 
fifty percent (50%) of the fair market value of such Carried Interest Distribution. Each such 
payment, if any, shall hereinafter be referred to as a "Note Payment" 
SECURITY OBLIGATION. 
This Promissory Note, NIKOLIC's obligation to make Note Payments to SCHWARZ 
only if, as and when provided herein, and all other obligations of NIKOLIC hereunder are 
secured by the grant by NIKOLIC to SCHWARZ of a security interest in the collateral described 
in Exhibit B hereto (the "Collateral"), upon, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of 
the securitization document attached as Exhibit C hereto (the "Security Agreement"). 
EXPIRATION.
This Promissory Note shall expire on the first to occur of the following: 
(i) 
Twelve years after the date hereof; and 
(ii) 
NIKOLIC's payment to SCHWARZ of NIKOLIC's last possible Note Payment, 
if any, after the Fund has disposed of or otherwise realized upon all of its investments in the 
Portfolio Companies and has made all required distributions of carried interest to the GP in 
respect of such investments so disposed of or realized upon, and the GP has made all required 
Carried Interest Distributions to NIKOLIC. 
APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS. 
All payments made by NIKOLIC hereunder, shall be applied first to fees, costs, expenses 
and all other amounts due SCHWARZ, if any, under this Promissory Note or the Security 
Agreement (including legal fees and expenses incurred in enforcing SCHWARZ's rights 
hereunder or thereunder), then, in the event of a default, to interest at the default rate of interest 
provided herein, and the balance to all outstanding Note Payment obligations due under this 
Promissory Note. 
PAYMENT OF CASH; PAYMENT IN KIND; PLACE OF PAYMENT. 
All cash payments on this Promissory Note are to be made in lawful money of the United 
States of America in immediately available funds. All payments in kind are to be made by 
delivery and transfer of shares of stock of one or both of the Portfolio Companies, in NIKOLIC's 
sole discretion, which shares, when so delivered and transferred, may be subject to all then 
applicable rights, obligations and restrictions on the holder thereof, including, without limitation, 
those relating to voting, management, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal, registration, and 
restrictions on transfer or other disposition, pursuant to any and all applicable agreements, 
organizational documents, other instruments and local, state and federal laws to which such 
shares of stock, or NIKOLIC, as the holder of such shares of stock, was subject immediately 
prior to such delivery and transfer. All such cash payments and deliveries of shares of stock 
shall be made to SCHWARZ at 
, or such other place as 
SCHWARZ shall hereafter designate to NIKOLIC in writing. 
EFTA00589208
--- PAGE 3 ---
NON-BUSINESS DAYS. 
If any payment hereunder becomes due on a Saturday, Sunday or any other day which is 
not a business day, such payment shall be deferred to, and shall be payable on, the next business 
day. 
DEFAULT.
If any of the following events shall occur during the term hereof, such events shall be 
deemed a default by NIKOLIC hereunder (each an "Event of Default"): 
(i) 
There shall be a default in the payment of a Note Payment due under this 
Promissory Note if, as and when the same shall have become due and payable in accordance 
with the terms hereof; or 
(ii) 
NIKOLIC shall be in breach of any provisions of the Security Agreement, 
which breach is not otherwise specifically provided for herein as an Event of Default, and shall 
fail to cure the same within thirty (30) days after receiving notice of such breach from 
SCHWARZ; or 
(iii) 
There shall have been entered any order, judgment or decree by a court of 
competent jurisdiction for relief in respect of the NIKOLIC under any applicable Federal or state 
bankruptcy law or similar law, or appointing a receiver, assignee or trustee of all or a substantial 
part of NIKOLIC's property, assets or revenues; or 
(iv) 
The filing by NIKOLIC of a petition or consent to a petition seeking relief 
under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or the consent by NIKOLIC to 
the institution of proceedings thereunder or to the filing of any such petition or to the 
appointment or taking of possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee or custodian, of 
any substantial part of the property, assets or revenues of NIKOLIC, or the making by NIKOLIC 
of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the inability of NIKOLIC to pay his debts as they 
become due and payable; or 
(v) 
The creation of any lien, claim or encumbrance upon, all or any part of the 
Collateral, or any interest therein, other than pursuant to this Promissory Note or the Security 
Agreement, or any sale, transfer, assignment, or other disposition of all or any part of the 
Collateral, or any interest therein; or 
(vi) 
At any time after the execution and delivery hereof, (A) this Promissory 
Note or the Security Agreement shall cease to be in full force and effect (other than by reason of 
the expiration of this Promissory Note as provided herein and the resulting termination of this 
Promissory Note and the Security Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof) or 
shall be declared null and void, or (B) NIKOLIC shall contest the validity or enforceability of 
this Promissory Note or the Security Agreement in writing or deny in writing that NIKOLIC has 
any further liability under this Promissory Note or the Security Agreement; or 
EFTA00589209
--- PAGE 4 ---
In the case of an Event of Default, without any demand, presentment, protest or other 
notice whatsoever to NIKOLIC, or other statutory or other rights of redemption, or any other 
action by SCHWARZ, all of which are hereby expressly waived by NIKOLIC, the unpaid 
principal amount hereof and all accrued interest shall become due and payable in full upon the 
occurrence of any such event and SCHWARZ may exercise simultaneously or seriatim any or all 
of such other rights and remedies as may be lawfully permitted under federal law or Delaware 
law and any and all of the remedies of SCHWARZ set forth herein and in the Security 
Agreement. NIKOLIC promises to pay interest on each overdue amount (whether of principal, 
interest or otherwise) payable on or in respect of this Promissory Note or the obligations 
evidenced hereby from the date on which such amount shall have first become due and payable 
in accordance with the terms hereof to the date on which such amount shall be paid to 
SCHWARZ (whether before or after judgment) at an annual rate of interest which shall (to the 
extent permitted by applicable law) at all times be equal to ten percent (10%) per annum. The 
unpaid interest accrued on each overdue amount in accordance with the foregoing terms of this 
paragraph shall become immediately and absolutely due and payable by NIKOLIC to 
SCHWARZ without the requirement of any notice, present or demand by SCHWARZ. 
LOSS. ETC. OF PROMISSORY NOTE. 
Upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to NIKOLIC of the loss, theft, 
destruction or mutilation of this Promissory Note, and of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to 
NIKOLIC, if lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated, NIKOLIC shall execute and deliver 
SCHWARZ a new promissory note identical in all respects to this Promissory Note. 
COLLECTION COSTS. 
In the event that it becomes necessary to enforce the provisions of this Promissory Note 
against NIKOLIC in order to collect any amounts due hereunder, all reasonable costs, fees and 
expenses of such enforcement, including, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees and 
disbursements relating to the enforcement of any obligations under this Promissory Note, when 
incurred, shall become immediately due and payable hereunder. 
NON-WAIVER. 
NIKOLIC hereby expressly waives presentment for payment, demand for payment, 
notice of dishonor, protest, notice of protest, notice of non-payment, and all lack of diligence or 
delays in collection or enforcement of this Promissory Note. SCHWARZ may extend the time of 
payment of this Promissory Note, postpone the enforcement hereof, release any collateral 
securing this Promissory Note, or grant any other indulgences whatsoever without affecting or 
diminishing SCHWARZ's rights under this Promissory Note, which rights are hereby expressly 
reserved. Any waiver of any provision hereof must be in writing. No failure on the part of 
SCHWARZ to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or privilege under this 
Promissory Note shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any 
right, power or privilege under this Promissory Note preclude any other or further exercise 
thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The remedies herein provided are 
cumulative and not exclusive of any and all other remedies provided by law. 
EFTA00589210
--- PAGE 5 ---
SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. 
This Promissory Note is binding upon NIKOLIC and his heirs, successors and permitted 
assigns; provided, however, that NIKOLIC shall not be entitled to assign or delegate any rights 
or obligations under this Promissory Note without the prior written consent of SCHWARZ 
AMENDMENT AND MODIFICATION. 
This Promissory Note may be amended, modified or supplemented only by written 
agreement signed by SCHWARZ and NIKOLIC. 
GOVERNING LAW. 
THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS TO 
BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY THEREIN, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE 
PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS APPLICABLE THEREIN. 
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NIKOLIC AND SCHWARZ HEREBY 
WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY. 
NOTICES.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Promissory Note, all notices and other 
communications made or required to be given pursuant to this Promissory Note shall be in 
writing and shall be delivered by hand, mailed by United States registered or certified first class 
mail, postage prepaid, sent by overnight courier, or sent by email or facsimile (with evidence of 
transmission retained) and confirmed 
addressed as 
follows: 
(a) if to NIKOLIC, to 
and (b) if to SCHWARZ, to 
Washington, DC 20036, facsimile no.: 
, email: 
, or at such 
other address for notice as either NIKOLIC or SCHWARZ shall hereafter furnish in writing to 
the other. 
FAXED AND SCANNED SIGNATURES. 
Signatures of this Promissory Note transmitted by fax, or scanned and then transmitted by 
email transmission shall have the same effect as original signatures. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, NIKOLIC has duly executed this Promissory Note on the 
date first above written. 
BORIS NIKOLIC 
EFTA00589211
--- PAGE 6 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, SCHWARZ has duly executed this Promissory Note on the 
date first above written. 
DAVID SCHWARZ 
PETER CORSELL 
HAYESS NUSS 
EFTA00589212
--- PAGE 7 ---
EXHIBIT A 
RELEASES 
(see attached) 
EFTA00589213
--- PAGE 8 ---
EXHIBIT B 
COLLATERAL 
ITBDI 
EFTA00589214
--- PAGE 9 ---
EXHIBIT C 
SECURITY AGREEMENT 
(see attached) 
EFTA00589215

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589216.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589216.pdf
----------------------------------------
CLO 18-11 
A Neoclassic blue lacquer and gilded clock in globe form with a carved and painted and 
gilded base 
Italy, circa 1790 
Size: 20" high x 8" base diameter (51 x 20 cm.) 
Price: $32,000.00 
EFTA00589216

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589217.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589217.pdf
----------------------------------------
L'Ant• uaire et The Connoisseur Inc. 
CON 18-36 
A painted wood with marble top console table (konsoltisch) with dragons and chinoiserie 
figure 
Possibly Westphalia, Germany, circa 1755-1765 
Size: 25 V2" high x 42" wide x 23 1/4" deep (65 x 107 x 60 cm.) 
Comparative literature: H. Kreisel and G. Himmelheber, Die Kunst des deutschen 
Altibels:Spiitbarock and Rokoko, vol. II, 1983, fig. 914. 
Price: $58,000.00 
EFTA00589217
--- PAGE 2 ---
The stretcher with a carved chinoiserie figure wielding a dagger in his left hand 
and a dagger pouch on his hip, within a carved C scroll with floral carving. The legs with 
pierced shell and floral carving terminating in upturned C scrolled feet. The frieze is 
decorated with a winged dragon with an open mouth sitting below a griffin perched atop 
a ledge; with floral sprays and C scrolls all-around. 
The published designs of Johann Cuvillies and Hoppenhaupt (1707-1769) with their 
console tables include Chinamen perched on them (which were removed during the 
French Rococo). Hoppenhaupt's designs exerted influence also on Habermanil in 
Augsburg. 
Cawed detail on the stretcher 
EFTA00589218

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589219.pdf
----------------------------------------
L'Ant• uaire et The Connoisseur Inc. 
CON 18-52 
An elaborately carved and gilded console table with a macchia vecchia marble top 
Genoa, Italy circa 1730-1740 
Size: 32 1/4" high x 52" wide x 28" deep (82.5 x 132 x 71 cm.) 
Price: $80,000.00 
An elaborately carved and gilded console table with eagles clasped around the 
dental carved legs which have a shell at the top comprising two scrolls with open work 
and cascading flowers and garlands and terminating with dolphin feet. The center with 
open work carving and ;waffle with a putto emerging from it holding a bird in one hand. 
The stretcher and base with more ?waffle, flowers, shells and scrolls. The back with a 
fan based shell with a sea creature emerging from the ?wank. The top inset with 
macchia vecchia marble. 
EFTA00589219

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589220.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589220.pdf
----------------------------------------
L Antutuaire et die Connoisseur Inc. 
MI 18-72 
A pair of mirrors with painted and gilded wood and period mirror glass 
Germany, circa 1740 
Size: 76 %" high x 55" wide (195x140 cm.) 
Price: $178,000.00 (PAIR) 
A superb pair of early 18th century German free hanging mirrors with original 
gilding and painted white. With foliate, volute and floral carvings and pediment top-
arched shaped lower portion. 
EFTA00589220

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589221.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589221.pdf
----------------------------------------
LETTER OF INTENT 
THIS AIRCRAFT LETTER OF INTENT is made as of April 15'h , 2015 
BETWEEN 
(1) 
WINDSTAR CAPITAL CORPORATION, a company organized and existing under 
the laws of the Cayman Islands , together with it's successors and/or assigns (the 
"SELLER") and 
(2) 
JEGE Inc, a company organized and existing under the laws of the State of New York, 
USA (the "BUYER") 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, IT IS AGREED as follows. 
Subject to the Parties executing a definitive Aircraft Purchase and Sale Agreement, Seller 
desires to sell, and Buyer desires to purchase the Boeing BBJ aircraft, Production number YD-
404 , Registration Number OE-ILX together with two (2) GE CFM56-7B27 engines, serial 
numbers 888428 and 888429 and Honeywell GTCP131-9B APU, serial number P-5991, and all 
avionics and accessories therein, including, without limitation, Four (4) auxiliary fuel tanks 
installed by PATS, together with all aircraft maintenance records, pilot's operation handbook, 
engine and airframe logbook and auxiliary power unit logbook, all of which shall be current, 
complete and continuous from the date of manufacture through the date of closing of the Aircraft 
sale and purchase transaction between the Parties ("Closing"), including any and all equipment 
specified in that certain Purchase Agreement No.  
 between The Boeing 
Company and Seller dated as of 
, and all side letters and letter agreements 
thereto (the "Boeing Contract") (collectively referred to as the "Aircraft" ). The purchase price 
to be paid for the Aircraft shall be U.S. $31,500,000 (Thirty-One Million Five hundred thousand 
U.S. Dollars) inclusive of the Full Deposit (as defined below) PLUS Clear Title to Boeing 727-
100 S/N 20115 Registration No: N-908JE ( The trade-In aircraft ) Seller and Buyer agree that 
Seller shall have the obligation to sell and that Buyer shall have the obligation to purchase the 
Aircraft on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth and subject to the execution of a 
definitive Aircraft Purchase and Sale Agreement between the Parties: 
1. 
Upon execution of this LOI, but no later than April 16'h , 2015 at 3 
Central 
Time, Buyer shall deposit the sum of US$1,000,000 (One Million U.S. Dollars) 
(the "Initial Deposit") at Insured Aircraft Title Service inc., Oklahoma City, 
Oklahoma ("Escrow Agent"). Seller shall provide Buyer with a draft Aircraft 
Purchase and Sale Agreement, containing the terms and conditions herein and 
terms and conditions customary for transactions of the nature contemplated 
hereby, which the Parties shall execute no later than April 28th, 2015. Escrow 
fees shall be split equally between Buyer and Seller. The Initial Deposit shall be 
fully refundable to Buyer, at its sole discretion, until the execution of a definitive 
Aircraft Purchase and Sale Agreement between the Parties in respect of the 
Aircraft. 
Subject to the Parties executing such Aircraft Purchase and Sale 
Agreement, the Initial Deposit shall be increased by US$3,000,000 (Three Million 
NY-715906 v2 
EFTA00589221
--- PAGE 2 ---
U.S. Dollars) (the "Full Deposit"). The Full Deposit of US$4,000,000 (Four 
Million U.S. Dollars) by shall become non-refundable by the end of business, 
Eastern Time, on April 28th, 2015 except as otherwise provided therein including, 
without limitation, in the event of a total loss of the Aircraft prior to Closing. 
2. 
Buyer will have the option to inspect the Aircraft in Basel Switzerland on or prior 
to May 8'11 , 2015. 
3. 
Closing no later than May 18th, 2015, or such other later date as may be agreed in 
writing between the Parties, in exchange for delivery at  
 of, and 
transfer of title to, the Aircraft from Seller to Buyer: 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
(d) 
(e) 
As is, where is, and subject to a Pre-Purchase Inspection to be at Buyers 
sole cost and whereas Seller agrees to fix any and all Airworthiness 
discrepancies. Pit-Purchase Inspection to be carried out at Jet Aviation in 
Basel, Switzerland on or before May 86' , 2015. Aircraft to be made 
available for Pre-Purchase Inspection at Jet Aviation in Basel Switzerland 
by no later than April 28th , 2015. 
With a FAA Bill of Sale and warranty Bill of Sale from Seller in favour of 
Buyer in a form to be agreed in the definitive Aircraft Purchase and Sale 
Agreement conveying good, legal, and valid title, free and clear of all liens 
and encumbrances, placed with the Escrow Agent, and 
To the extent they are in Seller's possession, with all original engine and 
airframe logbooks and records, true and complete, continuous, up to date 
and accurate, wiring diagrams, life vests, life rafts, spare parts and loose 
equipment and with all mandatory Service Bulletins and Airworthiness 
Directives compiled with, and including any and all equipment specified 
in the Boeing Contract, and the documents and/or materials delivered by 
Boeing and PATS, and 
With the executed delivery receipt, and 
At Buyer's expense, with a current U.S. Registration, a Austrian 
Certificate of Airworthiness for Export to a country to be designated by 
Buyer and all documents necessary to effect the Austrian deregistration of 
the Aircraft; 
(f) 
To the extent they are in Seller's possession, a complete copy of the 
documentation for the installation and future operation of the auxiliary 
fuel tanks by PATS shall be provided to Buyer and assignment and 
transfer of any and all transferable warranties related thereto by PATS, 
4. 
Upon the Buyer's Initial Deposit of US$1,000,000 (One Million U.S. Dollars), 
Seller will remove the Aircraft from the market and will not market or advertise, 
or permit any other person or entity to market or advertise, the Aircraft as being 
available for purchase to any person or entity including prospective buyers. 
- 2 - 
EFTA00589222
--- PAGE 3 ---
5. 
The terms and conditions of this LOI shall remain confidential and Seller and 
Buyer agree not to divulge any terms or conditions of this LOI to any parties other 
than the contractual partners and their respective lawyers, bankers, accountants 
and agents either prior or subsequent to the delivery of the Aircraft, except to the 
extent required to perform each of their respective obligations as contained herein 
or as required by applicable law. 
6. 
The terms and conditions contained in this LOI are intended to be an outline of 
each Party's proposed requirements for the contemplated purchase and sale 
transaction covering the Aircraft. The obligations of Buyer and Seller are subject 
to the execution of a definitive purchase agreement acceptable to both parties. The 
execution of a definitive Aircraft Purchase and Sale Agreement between the 
Parties in respect of the Aircraft in form and substance satisfactory in all respects 
to Buyer and Seller (and each of its respective counsel). Each of the Parties 
acknowledges and agrees that in the event that a definitive Aircraft Purchase and 
Sale Agreement in respect of the Aircraft is not, for whatever reason, executed by 
the Parties within Fourteen days of the date hereof unless mutually extended by 
written agreement, the validity of this LOI shall lapse and thereafter neither Party 
shall have any liability to the other Party at law or in equity in relation to the LOI 
or the Aircraft. 
7. 
Upon execution of this LOI, the Seller will provide the Buyer with all technical 
specifications of the Aircraft. 
8. 
This LOI shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
State of Switzerland and the Parties agree to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the 
Courts of the city of Geneve, in order to resolve and settle any and all disputes 
which may arise under this LOI and which may not have been able to be amicably 
solved by and between the Parties. 
This LOI may be executed simultaneously in one (I) or more counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same LOI Delivery 
of an executed counterpart of this LOI by facsimile transmission shall be deemed effective 
delivery of an originally executed counterpart. Any Party delivering an executed counterpart of 
this Agreement by facsimile transmission shall also deliver an originally executed counterpart; 
provided however, the failure of any Party to deliver an originally executed counterpart of this 
Agreement shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of this Agreement. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this LOI to be executed by 
representatives as of the day and year first above written. 
For the Seller : 
WINDSTAR CAPITAL CORPORATION 
- 3 - 
EFTA00589223
--- PAGE 4 ---
By: 
Its: 
For the Buyer: 
JEGE Inc 
By: 
Authorized Signatory 
-4-
EFTA00589224

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589225.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589225.pdf
----------------------------------------
ACTEC Estate and Gift Tax Committee 
October 20, 2012 
Year-End Gift Tax Planning for 20121
By 
Carlyn S. McCaffrey 
McDermott Will & Emery 
I. Reasons to Make Gifts in 2012 
There are three principal tax reasons to make substantial gifts before the end of the year. 
I. The gift tax credit for 2012 is at an historic high, $5,120,000 . It is scheduled to drop 
to $1,000,000 on January 1, 2013. If there is no "claw back" in the year of the 2012 donor's 
death, and if the credit amount is then lower than it is in 2012, the 2012 gift is likely to save 
substantial estate taxes because the 2012 gift will have locked in the advantage of the higher 
credit. 
2. The donor will be able to use the $5,120,000 GST exemption to protect the gifted 
property from future generation-skipping transfer taxes. A claw back of the gift tax credit will 
not affect the level of GST exemption allocated to gifted property although the IRS could apply 
section 901 of the 2001 Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 (the sunset 
provision) in a way that would significantly reduce the level of GST exemption allocated to a 
2012 gift. 
3. The income and appreciation earned on the gifted property will be removed from the 
donor's transfer tax base. If the gifted property is given to a grantor trust, the income and 
appreciation earned on the gifted property will be enhanced by the donor's payment of gift taxes. 
2. The Claw Back Issue 
The term "claw back" refers to the apparent requirement in the current estate tax law as 
that the estate of a donor of a $5,120,000 gift in 2012 who dies in a year in which the applicable 
credit amount under section 2010 of the Code,2 must calculate her estate tax by including the 
2012 gift in her estate tax base as an adjusted taxable gift and by reducing the tax due, not by the 
Carlyn S. McCaffrey October 2012 
References to the "Code" are to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. References to "section" are to 
sections of the Code. 
EFTA00589225
--- PAGE 2 ---
credit allowed against the gift in 2012 but only by the smaller credit allowable in the year of 
death. 
If claw back applies, the only advantage of the 2012 $5,120,000 gift will be the prospect 
of removing the income and appreciation earned on the gifted property from the estate tax base 
and the use of the GST exemption. 
For some estates, claw back, if not properly planned for, could cause a significant 
distortion in the estate plan. 
Consider, for example, the estate of a 2012 donor who makes a 2012 gift of $5,120,000 
and dies with an estate of $5,000,000 all of which is given to her husband. If claw back applies, 
and if the burden of paying the estate tax falls on the estate rather than on the 2012 gift, most of 
the assets in her estate will be required to pay estate taxes. Little will be available for her 
husband. 
III. Overcoming Reluctance to Make 2012 Gifts 
Many clients are reluctant to make 2012 gifts because of uncertainty about their own 
economic futures. In some cases, the concern of a client can be overcome by making the gifted 
property available to her husband. This can be accomplished in various ways, including by 
naming the husband as a discretionary beneficiary of a discretionary trust or by selling a term 
interest in the family home to him (the term of which is measured by the joint lives of the donor 
and her husband) for full value while simultaneously gifting the remainder interest in the home 
to a trust for the children.3
Clients who would not be willing to make substantial gifts without having access to the 
gifted property for themselves, might want to consider the techniques described below. 
IV. The Gift of the Donor's Obligation 
A promise to make a gift, if enforceable, is a completed gift for gift tax purposes. This is 
so despite the fact that the donor retains full control over all of her assets after the gift has been 
made. The donor's estate will not receive a deduction under section 2053 for the amount of the 
debt if it is in existence at her death because the promise was not based on adequate and full 
consideration in money or money's worth. Because there is no deduction, Rev. Rul. 84-25 will 
entitle the estate to reduce the amount of the decedent's adjusted taxable gifts by the amount of 
the debt. As a result, her estate tax base will be the same as if a section 2053 deduction had been 
allowed. 
If there is no claw back, the estate of the donor who dies with the $5,120,000 note 
outstanding will have achieved the savings described on Schedule I. 
In order to avoid application of section 2702's joint purchase rules to the husband, this technique should be 
implemented in the form of a qualified personal residence trust. 
EFTA00589226
--- PAGE 3 ---
The difficulty with this technique is that most states will not enforce a promise to make a 
gift. As a substitute, consider the following. 
Step # 1 — Donor establishes a trust for the benefit of her husband and issue and makes a gift of 
$120,000 to it. 
Step #2 — The trustee forms an LLC and contributes the $120,000 to the LLC. The trustee is the 
manager. 
Step #3 — Donor contributes her personal note for $5,000,000 in exchange for a 97.66% 
membership interest in the LLC. 
Step #4 — Donor gives her interest in the LLC to the trust or to another trust. 
The donor has accomplished the economic equivalent of a promise to make a gift. In 
addition, because she has retained all of her assets, all of her assets will receive a basis 
adjustment under section 1014. 
VI. The Intentionally Busted 2701 Transaction (the "IBT"I 
The donor who makes a gift of a junior equity interest in a partnership or limited liability 
company while retaining a preferred equity interest with a fixed economic value and a zero value 
for section 2701 purposes will have made a gift with a value equal to her entire interest in the 
company while retaining complete control over the retained preferred. When she dies, the value 
of the preferred will be included in her gross estate under section 2033, but its value will be 
eliminated from her adjusted taxable gifts under Treas. Reg. 25.2701-5. As a result, if there is 
no claw back, the donor will have achieved the savings described on Schedule II. 
Consider the following example: 
Step #1 — Donor transfers $5,120,000 worth of assets to a limited liability company ("Newco"). 
Newco's operating agreement creates two classes of membership interests, Class A and Class B. 
Class A entitles its holder to a I% annual, non-cumulative return on a redemption value of 
$5,000,000 and gives her the right to put her interest to Newco at any time for $5,000,000. Class 
B consists of all other economic rights in Newco. 
Step #2 — Donor gifts her Class B interests in Newco to a discretionary trust for the benefit of her 
husband and issue.4
Because section 2701 will treat the Class A interests in Newco as having a zero value, 
she will be treated as having made a gift of $5,120,000. 
The IBT has the following advantages over the conventional gift. 
The use of a grantor trust as the donee of this technique will reduce the income tax complications that could be 
caused by the creation of a partnership for income tax purposes. 
EFTA00589227
--- PAGE 4 ---
I. The donor retains full control over $5,000,000 worth of her assets despite the fact that 
she is treated for gift tax purposes as having mad a gift. 
2. If the property the donor contributed to Newco is appreciated property, on death it will 
receive a basis step up under section 1014 to $5,000,000. 
For many donors the IBT may be preferable to making the debt arrangement described 
above for the following reasons: 
I. The IBT will remove the income and appreciation earned on the $5,120,000 from the 
transfer tax base to the extent the income and appreciation exceeds any return paid to the donor. 
If the excess return on the assets held by Newco exceeds the interest that would have been paid 
on the debt described above, the donees will be better off with the IBT than with the debt 
arrangement. 
2. For a client who may be interested in future borrowings, the depletion in net worth 
that would result from the debt arrangement may not be acceptable. The IBT will have only a 
minimal impact on a client's balance sheet. 
EFTA00589228

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589229.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589229.pdf
----------------------------------------
§ Every day you read and create digital documents: email, photos, web pages, blog entries, 
videos, calendar entries, text. If you string those documents chronologically like beads on a 
necklace, you get a documentary history of your life. 
§ Our Streambuilder makes it easy for you to knock any digital document into the 
Streambuilder's hopper (as you'd flick Japanese beetles off your roses into a funnel); those 
documents move out of the hopper in time-ordered sequence and become your lifestream. 
§ If you're looking at an email and want to put it in your lifestream, just dick an onscreen 
button. Likewise for photos, videos, web pages. Our goal is perfect simplicity in adding-to and 
viewing your Stream: learn it in 30 seconds. 
§ Sometimes you want to type or dictate a comment just for the stream ("those photos came 
from Schwartz"; "Just met Piffel & he seems like a moron, but he mentioned that he knew Max 
& that's worth remembering—ask Eva"). To do that, click or touch an onscreen button; you get 
a window for text (or a microphone set to record); type or speak your comment; click "done," and 
the comment goes into your stream. 
§ Why have a lifestream? Because your computer-based information and communication is 
scattered over lots of devices (phones, pods, pads, laptops) and applications (mail, video and 
photos viewers, Wordpress for blotting). Sometimes you need to go back to remind yourself; 
look carefully, think something over, find details you've forgotten. 
§ To do that, rewind your lifestream as you would a video, or tell the system "go back to 
yesterday morning," "last Saturday," "last August"; then browse your lifestream bead-by-bead, or 
fast forward, or whatever you like. Your lifestream is in the Cloud and can be tuned in anywhere, 
using any device. 
Using a Stream 
EFTA00589229
--- PAGE 2 ---
§ Onscreen, your stream looks like Coverflow (in other words, like the display Freeman and 
Gelernter invented and patented in 1996); or like frames in a filmstrip, or tiles in a 3D domino-
parade seen from in front. 
§ You can browse the elements of a stream as you flip pages of a magazine. Stop and look closer 
if you see something interesting. 
§ You can search or focus your lifestream: searching on Max yields a stream of elements that 
mention Max. 
§ Three concurrent searches yield three separate streams, each visible onscreen. One document 
can appear in many separate streams. 
§ A stream has a future as well as a "now" and a past. If you want to be reminded of some email 
at 8 tomorrow morning, put the email in the future (at 8 tomorrow AM). 
§ A stream has "infinite reachback"; normally no elements are deleted; you can follow a theme 
backwards from bead to bead into the past. 
Public Streams 
§ A stream can have private and public elements, both part of the same timeline; red and blue 
beads on the same necklace. When you add something new, you can check the "public" box; 
otherwise the new element is private. 
§ You can see the public documents on anybody's stream. (Anyone's stream but yours is a 
necklace of blue beads only.) 
§ Watch someone else's stream and you see it grow in realtime as new elements are added--like 
a multi-media blog, a documentary history or a twitter stream with tweets plus anything else. 
§ You can search the stream universe (all public streams you can reach) just as you search your 
own stream. Search the universe on "Schwartz and IBM" and you get a new stream of all 
EFTA00589230
--- PAGE 3 ---
elements of all streams that mention Schwartz and IBM--a "Schwartz and IBM" stream fed by 
the universe of streams. 
§ Searching the stream universe is like Web search, but returns an active stream of relevant 
documents instead of a static list of pointers to relevant Web sites. 
What to do with them 
§ Look back at your stream when you need to revisit a quick decision, remember something in 
context, revisit some aspect of the past. 
§ Tune in the public portion of your friends' streams to keep track of what they're doing and 
planning. You can have lots of streams onscreen and active at the same time. 
§ Ten friends who want to keep up with each other can merge their streams (like shuffling ten 
decks into one, preserving order); each can watch and add to the merged stream. 
§ This new stream is separate from each private stream and can be deleted at will. 
§ Ten people around a table for a business meeting can merge their streams; each can watch and 
add (presentations, contact info, notes) to the merged stream. Afterwards it becomes a record of 
the meeting—or remains active as a chat-channel for meeting attendees. 
§ Tune in your family stream (family members' streams, merged) for intra-family scheduling, 
reminding, photo-sharing etc. "I need someone to pick me up at 4." "We're all going to the 
game tonight." "Pick up some stuff on your way home." 
§ Family members outside the core (grandparents...) can watch their children's family-streams 
merged. 
§ Many young people want to document and publish everything they do, and everything 
interesting they find on the web. They can publish anything on their streams. 
§ Departmental workgroups can use merged streams as talk, workflow and scheduling channels 
EFTA00589231
--- PAGE 4 ---
that turn into documentation channels. 
§ Managers can blend workgroup streams into departmental streams. 
§ Executives can blend those into company streams. Searches (or filters) let users at each level 
focus on the information they need. 
Our Business 
§ The core Stream Builder platform will be a free, web-based service for personal use. 
§ It will be available to commercial users for an annual license fee. 
§ We'll make the core platform available for download as an open-source project, to encourage 
independent developers to refine and add power to the system, and to help establish our Stream 
Builder as de facto standard for creating and using streams. 
§ We'll maintain a community site where enhancements can be published, rated, and 
downloaded by users. 
§ We'll sell stream services (technical support, training, upgraded features and plug-ins, stream 
analytics) to companies that use streams internally or to communicate with the world. 
EFTA00589232

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589233.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589233.pdf
----------------------------------------
May ist, Sunday 
9:30am Breakfast with Terje Roed-Larsen (omlettes) 
10:30 Appt w/Leon Black 
cell) 
Melanie 
is his assistant: 
12:00 Appt w/Olga 
1:00pm Appt w/Michael Wolff 
cell) 
3:00pm Appt w/Steve Bastone and Joe (Steve cell: 
5:00pm Appt w/Howard Lutnick (drinks) ( 
6:30pm Dinner w/Woody Allen, Soon-Yi, Prof. Steve Kosslyn, Katherine 
Keating, Alexandra Keating, Korina, Sultan and his Wife (Glenn Dubin may 
stop by with Celina). 
8:30pm Buffet Dinner at the Home of Vera Wang 
party for L'Amour Fou 
May 2, Monday 
9:30am TENATIVE breakfast w/Sultan 
cell) 
After 
4:30pm Appt w/Dangene and Jennie at Core Club (66 e. 55th street bet 
Park and Madison) (Jennie cell: 
Core Club: 
9:00 m Dinner w Bill Gates and Lar 
Summers and Jes Staley (Larry cell: 
Julie is Lar 's assistant: 
) Jes Staley: 
Rosa is Jes' assistant 
EFTA00589233
--- PAGE 2 ---
11:00pm Andre Balasz Vogue After Party at the Boom Boom Room (top of 
the Standard Hotel on Washington St. Between West 13th and Little West 
12,h) JE's name is on the list plus 1 
May 3, Tuesday 
*Need to hear back from Kevin Law 
p) Jenni is his assistant 
*Ask JE in the am what he would like for lunch w/Prof. Kosslyn 
12:00 Lunch w/Prof. Kosslyn
1:30pm Appt w/Rich Kahn 
4:30 m A t w Ma 
Erdoes 
)(Tamyka is assistant: 
) 
6:45pm Go for your 
May 4, Wednesday 
1:00 Appt w/Nick Ribis 
Assistant Lisa: 
3:00pm Appt w/George Delson 
May 5, Thursday 
EFTA00589234
--- PAGE 3 ---
10:00am Susman Conf. Call Dial: 
Password: 
EFTA00589235

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589236.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589236.pdf
----------------------------------------
Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences: 
Who We Are and What We Do 
April 2011 
The Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences (CASBS) was established in 1954, and 
has hosted generations of scholars and scientists who come for a year as Fellows. Books such as 
Freakonomics have been written here, and former Fellows include 22 Nobel Laureates, 14 
Pulitzer Prize winners, 44 winners of MacArthur "Genius Awards," and hundreds of members of 
the National Academies. Building on our foundations, we are turning outward, to become an 
Idea Incubator— a place where ideas are generated, put to use in solving important problems, 
and communicated to industry, government, and the world at large. As technologies have 
become smarter, and as globalization, immigration, and other social changes move apace, 
behavioral science has become increasingly important for predicting future developments and 
understanding their impact. The Center is a place where innovative thinkers step outside 
boundaries, challenge assumptions, and show how behavioral science can change the world. 
What Is Behavioral Science? 
Behavioral science seeks to determine why people think, feel, and behave as we do. For 
example, studies have illuminated why it is so hard to induce people to save for retirement or 
eat better so that they will be healthier. In those cases, the value of a reward drops off sharply 
when it will arrive increasingly far in the future, partly because emotional associations are not 
activated by future rewards. Careful studies have now been reported on topics ranging from 
decision-making to motivation to imagination and creativity to social interactions and social 
issues. For instance, the relatively poor performance of African Americans in college has been 
shown to vary with the degree to which they attribute adversity to themselves versus the 
nature of the challenges — and when such attributions are focused on the nature of the 
challenges (by a simple one-hour intervention), African Americans perform dramatically better. 
The CASBS Advantage 
CASBS is in a unique position to help us use behavioral science to address real-world problems. 
First, we are filling a need: Intuition and common sense cannot solve all problems that 
involve human beings. An enormous amount is now known about thoughts, feelings, and 
behavior — what triggers them and how to modify them. But much of this information has been 
kept locked up in academic journals. There is a need for an organization to make this 
information accessible, relevant, and effective. We free this information and put it to good use. 
Second, we are qualified to fill this need: We not only can draw on Fellows currently in 
residence at the Center, but also on more than 1,500 former Fellows — who are certifiably 
among the most productive and creative researchers in the field. Moreover, because we are 
part of Stanford, we have access to the wide range of expertise on this faculty. 
Third, we have the resources to succeed: CASBS has a 196,000 sq ft hilltop campus, 
which overlooks the center of Stanford University. Each Fellow has a separate office (we have 
EFTA00589236
--- PAGE 2 ---
54), and has access to well-equipped conference rooms, a conference hall, the world-class 
Stanford University libraries, and various services. 
Idea Generation 
CASBS has its finger on the pulse of behavioral science and provides a unique source of insights 
into its future directions. For example, incoming Fellows study public opinion surveys, mass 
political behavior, Chinese vs. European taxonomies of scientific disciplines, the nature of fear, 
artificial Intelligence and cognitive science, computational social science; trust and persuasion, 
innovation, and econometrics. Various activities involving Fellows promote idea generation: 
"Looking Ahead" Presentations are biweekly symposia that consider the major 
roadblocks to progress in a field and discuss the most promising ways to address these issues. 
"Research Crosstalk" Symposia discuss related cutting-edge research in different areas. 
Distinguished Lectures are delivered every quarter by a former Fellow, leading 
academic, or industry expert. 
Behavioral Science Summit, in collaboration with the American Psychological Society, is 
a "Davos-like" event for behavioral science that we will host every summer (starting 2012). 
In addition to these formal events, the daily lunches provide an opportunity for 
serendipitous interactions, which often have led to flashes of insight and inspiration. 
Using Ideas to Make a Difference 
CASBS is not just a place were great ideas are formulated. We also put ideas to use in solving 
important problems, primarily via two mechanisms: 
Impact Networks are groups that use behavioral science to address a specific real-world 
problem and implement a solution within 2 years; for details, please see the Appendix. 
Center institutes are networks of scientists and scholars, coordinated by CASBS, that 
analyze the bases of large-scale problems; for details, please see the Appendix. 
Communication and Outreach 
We invite members of corporations, government agencies, and the public to be involved 
in the Center by joining one of our Affiliates Programs: 
Patrons of the Center Program. Companies or individuals can become Patrons of the 
Center; membership entitles a representative of a company or the individual to attend "Looking 
Ahead," "Research Crosstalk," and "Distinguished Lecture" events, as well as to view these 
events live on the web and access them later in an archive; to attend quarterly receptions with 
the Fellows; and to attend the annual Behavioral Sciences Summit. 
Strategic Partners Program. Members of established companies or startups that can 
benefit from behavioral science are eligible to have a representative in residence at the Center. 
Strategic Partners receive all of the benefits described above, plus lunch daily in the main 
CASBS dining room with the Fellows; access to office, conference, and meeting space; a mentor 
expert in a relevant field; and meetings with world leaders in behavioral science who can, if 
interested, link directly with the strategic partners. 
EFTA00589237

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589238.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589238.pdf
----------------------------------------
Impact Networks 
S. M. Kosslyn 
March 2011 
In the following I explain what Impact Networks are and how they are organized. I also 
summarize the networks that have currently been proposed. 
I. What is an Impact Network? 
Impact Networks have the following characteristics: 
A. Purpose 
These small groups, with typically 6—8 members, formulate ways to address crucial 
societal problems; the Impact Networks are not just "about" topics, but rather focus on actually 
"doing" something. (But, that said, academic publications typically will also emerge from a 
Network, often as a business-school case study, but sometimes as a book or other form of 
research report.) Impact Networks typically are highly interdisciplinary and can include 
humanists as well as behavioral scientists. 
B. Selection of topics 
Specific topics for Impact Networks can be suggested by anyone, and typically will be 
developed in collaboration with a funder. Prior to bringing a proposal to the Board for approval, 
the director will (i) ensure that there is adequate infrastructure available to organize and 
manage an additional Network, (ii) find an appropriate person (or pair of such people) willing 
and able to organize and direct a specific Network, and (iii) verify that there is a good chance of 
obtaining adequate funding. 
C. Duration 
Impact Networks are intended to exploit available research findings in creative ways, 
and hence should be able to complete their mission in two years (this is the default—if things 
are going very well, we can consider an extension; if they are going poorly, we can terminate 
earlier). Each Impact Network must include pre-defined metrics to assess how well it is 
functioning and to assess its outcome. 
D. Operation 
Only a few members of an Impact Network are in residence in any given year; we use 
advanced video and web technology to run the Networks, with occasional physical meetings of 
the entire group (plus, perhaps, consultants) at the Center (including during the summer). 
E. Funding 
Impact Networks are funded by individual donors, federal grants, foundations, and 
corporate sponsors. Fellows who are members of Impact Networks are supported directly by 
EFTA00589238
--- PAGE 2 ---
incremental funding, as part of the cost of conducting the Network. Overhead from funding is 
used to support the more general infrastructure of the Center. 
II. Three Phases 
Impact Networks generally are characterized by three broad phases: 
A. Identifying a problem and formulating a general approach 
In the first phase, a person or group identifies a problem and formulates a general 
approach toward addressing it using behavioral science. This person or group brings an informal 
proposal to the director, who then decides whether to take the ideas to the next stage. If the 
ideas appear viable, the director recruits a leader or leaders (typically the person or group who 
proposes the ideas), ensures that adequate Center resources are available, and determine that 
external funding is likely. If these conditions are met, the director asks the leader or leaders to 
write a formal proposal and submits it to the Board for evaluation. 
B. Developing a detailed solution 
In the second phase, the leader or leaders assemble a team, which comes to CASBS for 
an initial meeting. This meeting kicks off a phase of developing the details of a solution to the 
problem. In some cases, this phase itself may entail several steps, if the problem can be broken 
down into sub-problems that have different requirements. Most of the work of this phase is 
accomplished virtually, with only occasional meetings at CASBS with all or a subset of the team. 
C. Implementing the solution 
The third phase consists of putting the solution into action. This phase may involve 
building a piece of technology, producing a new product, or implementing a new process or 
procedure. This phase is often accomplished in collaboration with another organization that has 
the relevant expertise. 
III. Proposed Impact Networks 
What follows are examples of Impact Networks. This is not a complete list, nor does it illustrate 
the complete range of what we can hope to do — but these examples should make the concept 
concrete. 
A. Educating "Nation Builders" 
1. Identifying a problem and formulating a general approach 
The problem is that 18-year-olds are being inducted into the military, trained how to kill 
people, and then sent to Iraq and Afghanistan where they are told to be "nation builders." The 
general approach to grappling with this problem hinges on developing role-playing video games 
that train users how to behave appropriately when interacting with local populations. 
2. Developing a detailed solution 
EFTA00589239
--- PAGE 3 ---
The first step in developing a detailed solution is to assemble a group of cultural 
anthropologists, social psychologists, sociologists, and political scientists and ask them to 
develop a taxonomy of what we can call prototypical encounter types. That is, my bet is there 
are a few dozen standard types of social encounters that characterize all human societies. For 
example, meeting a shopkeeper in a store, meeting a young woman who is accompanied by her 
husband, meeting two young men on the street, etc. Moreover, the nature of the encounter 
depends in part on one's own characteristics (e.g., age, race, gender, status). The members of 
the Impact Network will develop a large matrix, with types of encounters along the columns 
and personal characteristic of the actor across the rows. 
The second step is to bring in a separate group of experts (not necessarily even in an 
academic field—perhaps tour guides or field agents from a company) to fill in the matrix, 
indicating exactly what should one do—and what one should not do—in each cell. For example, 
perhaps (a) one meets a young woman who is accompanying her husband, a young man, in a 
rural village in Iraq, and (b) one is an older, well-educated, white male; in this case, perhaps the 
experts would say that one should not try to shake hands with the woman, and after an initial 
greeting should maintain eye contact with the husband. The entries in the matrix may be 
different for urban areas and rural areas (or even rural areas in different parts of the region). 
The members of the Impact Network will determine how many such variants of the matrix must 
be filled out. 
3. Implementing the solution 
The contents of the matrices would then be programmed into a role-playing game, 
which can be accessed over a smart phone or computer from anywhere in the world. A player 
would get points for doing the right thing, and lose points (or even be "killed" in the game) for 
doing the wrong thing. For example, if a soldier greets a young wife (accompanied by her 
husband) in the game by shaking her hand and holding it while making eye contact, the 
husband might whisk his wife away and refuse future contact with the player—which might, 
say, correspond to losing 10 points. By playing the game repeatedly, going through many sorts 
of prototypical encounter types, the player would learn the rules. 
As part of the project, the Impact Network leaders would be responsible for developing 
outcome metrics: First, does playing the game in fact teach the players the rules? And second, 
is there evidence that soldiers who play the game do, in fact, interact better with the local 
population? 
B. Preventing the Elderly from Being Stuck in the 20th Century 
1. Identifying a problem and formulating a general approach 
Many elderly people are intimidated by technology, and are alienated by the new 
media. Their response is to withdraw, which prevents them from living as fully as would 
otherwise be possible. We plan to analyze just which aspects of technology the elderly would 
most benefit from, and tailor a turnkey suite of technology that respects their cognitive, 
perceptual, and physical limitations. Our competitive advantage is a deep knowledge of the 
cognitive, perceptual, and motor limitations of the elderly, and the implications of these 
limitations for preferences and performance. 
2. Developing a detailed solution 
EFTA00589240
--- PAGE 4 ---
The solution has three stages: First, we need to discover just which aspects of 
contemporary technology would benefit the elderly. Would they use Facebook to stay in touch 
with friends? Would email contribute to their lives? An ability to search the web? And so forth. 
Second, we would review the cognitive, perceptual and motor literatures and identify 
the key choke-points that impair their ability to use technology. For example, how does a 
limited Working Memory capacity affect their ability to use the Web? Or how does reduced 
motor coordination affect their ability to use a mouse or keyboard? 
Finally, taking into account their likely goals and their limitations, another team will 
design the "GrayBox": A suite of turnkey software that would run on an iPad. 
3. Implementing the solution 
The specifications for the software would be given to a software house, to be 
implemented in partnership with CASBS. 
C. Behavioral Science Curricula for the 21st Century 
1. Identifying a problem and formulating a general approach 
At least since the Middle Ages, lectures have been the standard way of disseminating 
information in Universities. However, lectures are notoriously inefficient and ineffective. Better 
ways of teaching have been developed, such as "Peer Instruction" (PI). PI requires a large 
corpus of "thought problems" that are designed to illustrate central concepts in the field — and 
instructors either are not willing or unable to develop enough of these problems to carry them 
through a semester. We aim to develop an online resource that contains such problems for the 
behavioral sciences, and allow it to be used freely anywhere in the world. 
2. Developing a detailed solution 
The PI method works like this: (a) Students are given readings and expected to complete 
them prior to class; (b) they receive a brief quiz on the readings at the outset of class, to 
encourage them actually to do the readings; (c) they then break into small groups (typically 4 or 
students); (d) the professor poses a problem that has 3-4 alternative answers (for example, in 
physics one problem is: If you had a square sheet of steel and cut out a disk from its center, and 
then heated the sheet uniformly, would the diameter of the disk get larger, get smaller, or stay 
the same size?); (e) the students are asked to vote on which answer they think is correct, often 
using "clickers" that allow a computer to graph the number of students who gave each answer, 
in real time; (f) the students then discuss the problem for 7 or 8 minutes; (g) following this, they 
vote again (and in fact the shift in votes usually drifts toward the correct answer -- in this 
example, the diameter of the hole in fact gets larger when the sheet is heated); (h) the 
professor then tells the students what the correct answer is and why it is correct (in this case, 
when heated, the molecules gain kinetic energy and push more strongly against each other, 
which forces the diameter of the hole to be larger); (i) students then are asked if they have any 
questions, and the reasons for the correct answer are reviewed; (j) after 10 minutes or so, 
another problem is presented and the process is repeated. 
The key to the PI method is the "thought problems." They must be very carefully 
formulated so that the students absorb key underlying principles. This Impact Network will 
have two stages. In the first, a group representing the core behavioral sciences will decide 
which course, in all of the fields, to focus on in order to have maximal impact. In the second, a 
EFTA00589241
--- PAGE 5 ---
group of experts in that subject will be brought together. This group initially will identify the key 
concepts that need to be conveyed, and only after this will work on developing a corpus of 
thought problems. (Eventually, the hope is to expand to many other courses — but starting small 
makes sense.) 
3. Implementing the solution 
The corpus of problems will be posed on a CASBS Resources page. In addition, we will 
commission a study of how effective the PI technique is with such materials, compared to a 
standard lecture format for the same subject matter. xxxxxxxxxxThe comparable results in 
physics have been dramatic. If we in fact find a large increase in learning, this will be reported 
in scientific meetings and journals — partly as a way of advertising the resource. We will track 
the number of unique visits to the websites and ask those who download the problem to 
register— and then will follow-up a year later to learn about their experiences, if they did in fact 
adopt the PI method. 
D. Developing the "Checklist" Concept for Legal Work 
1. Identifying a problem and formulating a general approach 
Legal departments have a mounting problem of excessive legal costs, which arise in part 
out of poor communication between outside counsel and in-house lawyers and between 
members of in-house teams, and in part, as emphasized by the Association of Corporate 
Counsel's Value Challenge initiative, because it is not clear where value is created in legal work. 
The goal of this project would be to apply the insights of the checklist, discussed in Atul 
Gawande's recent book "The Checklist Manifesto," to law. 
2. Developing a detailed solution 
This Network will comprise experts in law, economics, business, medicine, engineering, 
sociology, psychology, computer science, and communications. It would build on Gawande's 
concepts, which he discussed in the context of aviation and medicine. The surprising value of a 
checklist arises from at least two distinct sources, and this Impact Network will consider each 
separately. First, the creation of a checklist requires investigation of the various steps in a 
process that have a high impact on the value/quality of the outcome, and the likelihood that 
these steps will be either forgotten or poorly executed. Second, the implementation of a 
checklist in an organization requires a realignment of communication in teams of people, 
shifting norms substantially in settings (especially) where there are dominant actors (pilots, 
surgeons) who rely on but often isolate the input of subordinates (co-pilots, nurses, etc.) 
As part of developing legal checklists we would partner with large companies (with large 
innovative in-house legal departments); the Network would develop checklists for specific areas 
of legal work (managing an employment complaint, negotiating a new business relationship, 
litigating a patent claim, etc.) by using shadowing, text analysis, billing data, interviews and 
other techniques to identify the steps that have the highest leverage for increasing value and 
experimenting with implementation of checklists to improve team work and outcomes. 
3. Implementing the solution 
At least one of these companies would agree to use the new checklists for at least six 
months. As in all Impact Networks, this one would develop metrics to measure success. These 
metrics would be applied before the checklists are implemented and then six months later. 
EFTA00589242
--- PAGE 6 ---
E. Rules for University-based Innovations 
1. Identifying a problem and formulating a general approach 
Universities, like many organizations, struggle with overly complex, expensive and 
poorly adapted legal rules to govern the intellectual property and other conflicts that can arise 
among members of the university community, and between university members and outside 
researchers and funders. The goal would be to increase the rate and commercial success of 
university-based innovation, particularly by supporting increased interdisciplinary collaboration 
and increased access to funding and external resources. 
2. Developing a detailed solution 
The program would start by exploring the idea that the university can require, as a 
condition of membership in or access to the community and its resources, that researchers and 
funders (public and private) agree to waive (waivable) background rights and to operate under 
the University's rules for innovation and the management of collaboration, information-sharing 
and commercialization efforts. 
We would then gather a group experts in economics, engineering, law, business 
(venture capital), technology transfer office, communications, cinema, design, medicine, 
computer science, and psychology. This group would be charged with developing a simpler set 
of rules and systems for resolving disputes about rights and shares in innovative projects. 
These rules by necessity would involve value-creating tradeoffs that the background legal 
regime currently does not have; for example, they might substitute a simpler set of rules 
governing ownership for the complex, costly and unpredictable rules that arise in under existing 
bodies of trade secret, partnership, and other areas of the law. 
For example, in the current system if a graduate student in cinema is contemplating an 
innovation in video gaming and starts talking to a junior faculty member in engineering about 
the idea, both are subject to a complex set of rules based in trade secret, tort, and contract law 
(including employment contracts with the University) to determine whether and when one or 
both of them gains or loses the right to capture the value of the idea if it becomes commercially 
successful. Throughout the innovation process, they will face issues about how much 
information they are willing or able to share with students and colleagues. If they seek outside 
funding for the idea, they will become involved in a complex and costly set of rules about 
structuring financing relationships, including what role they can or must accord to the 
University's Technology Transfer Office in the process. They may face significant delays in 
getting required approvals from the TTO. Navigating all of this is complex, costly, subject to 
significant uncertainty and can distort collaborative efforts in ways that diminish the research 
and teaching goals of the University and the prospects and value of commercialization. If this 
project is successful, we would have a simpler, less expensive and more predictable framework 
for university collaborations that achieve better outcomes both in terms of teaching and 
research objectives and commercialization values. 
3. Implementing the solution 
The project would produce a template set of model rules for adoption by Universities. 
The template would be made available on a public website for blogging, discussion and 
commentary as well as wiki-based editing of alternative versions. Universities participating in 
EFTA00589243
--- PAGE 7 ---
the Impact Network would agree to implement at least a subset of rules based on the template 
for a trial period of one year. Success would be measured by adoptions beyond the trial period 
or beyond the group of original test participants. 
EFTA00589244

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589245.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589245.pdf
----------------------------------------
April, 2011 
Article 1. 
.non Post 
The Council on Foreign Relations 
Syria's Future Worries U.S. Allies 
An Interview with Jon B. Alterman 
Article 2. 
Article 3. 
TIME 
Syria: There Will Be (Lots More) Blood 
Tony Karon 
Wall street Journal 
The Tehran-Damascus Axis 
Amir Taheri 
Article 4. 
Article 5. 
The Washington Post 
Tom Donilon's Arab Spring challenge 
David Ignatius 
The National Interest 
Bearbaiting Iran 
Hossein Askari 
Article 6. 
Article 7. 
Agence Global 
The New Pan-Arabism 
Patrick Seale 
Foreifn Affairs 
The Post-Islamist Revolutions 
Asef Ba at 
EFTA00589245
--- PAGE 2 ---
AniCIC 1. 
The Council on Foreign Relations 
Syria's Future Worries U.S. Allies 
An Interview with Jon B. Alterman 
April 26, 2011 -- Syria is beset by growing protests and the 
government has used the army in a brutal crackdown. Middle East 
expert Jon B. Alterman says there is considerable concern and 
uncertainty among U.S. officials about what will happen going 
forward, particularly should the country's President Bashar al-Assad 
be ousted. Complicating U.S. policy on Syria, he adds, are the many 
U.S. allies in the region such as Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Israel that 
want to keep Assad in power. "I think the fear of many is that a post-
Bashar Syria would actually empower non-state proxies of Iran to 
action and in the net, help Iran in the Arab world." Alterman also 
questions whether democracy will take hold in the short term in the 
Middle East. "The nature of these protest movements make it hard for 
them to enter into normal politics," he says. "It's hard to know 
whether some of these activists, frustrated by their inability to effect 
change in 2011, in 2015, or 2016 will regroup and produce an 
entrepreneurial political culture." 
Do you have any thoughts on how this Syrian turmoil is going to 
resolve itself? 
Syria is not like the other places. It is less internationally connected 
than Egypt is. It is less internationally isolated than Libya is. It is 
more ruthless than Tunisia. The Syrians also have the advantage of 
being able to learn from what other leaders have done and what their 
mistakes have been. The Syrian instinct is to talk soft; but to act hard. 
EFTA00589246
--- PAGE 3 ---
In other words, talk broadly about reform but be very conservative 
about introducing real changes. 
Can you give an example? 
They've announced that they are lifting the emergency law 
established in 1963, but they are not about to give up power. They 
reportedly have deployed more than three thousand troops to Deraa to 
put down the uprising there. 
That could be quite bloody. There is really no armed force 
against them. 
I assume the intention of the Syrian leadership is to demonstrate that 
they have the capacity for so much force that they don't have to use it. 
It also seems to me, however, quite clear that we are not close to the 
final denouement here. There are probably several more rounds [to 
go] of both efforts to repress and the contrary push, to turn this into a 
genuine nationwide revolt. 
I guess we'll know better in a few weeks at least if the use of force 
has really quelled the opposition. 
The Syrian instinct is to talk soft; but to act hard. In other words, talk 
broadly about reform but be very conservative about introducing real 
changes. We haven't seen the decisive moment in Syria. The fact that 
Syria is so isolated in the world may make it easier for the Syrians to 
act with impunity. In Cairo, every [television] company in the world 
was broadcasting from Tahrir Square. Egypt's own self-image is as a 
country that is deeply connected to the world. Syria's self image, on 
the contrary, is that of a country that's hunkering down, a country that 
has real enemies. When the national narrative is about real enemies, it 
makes it easier to cut yourself off, to use your force, and to keep the 
EFTA00589247
--- PAGE 4 ---
world from knowing much. In terms of the Syrian people, there has 
not yet been the sort of catalytic moment where people either say 
"this is too much, . 
going to stop protesting" or "this is too much, 
IN going to push on." We haven't gotten there yet. I don't know if we 
will, or when we will, but that point hasn't come. 
Some people have been speculating that a change in leadership in 
Syria would be a plus because it would reduce Iran's influence in 
the region. Do you share that view? 
Syria is Iran's closest state ally in the Arab world — there are also non-
state allies [like] Hezbollah [in Lebanon] and Hamas [in the 
Palestinian territories]. I think the fear of many is that a post-Bashar 
Syria would actually empower non-state proxies of Iran to action and 
in the net, help Iran in the Arab world. 
You've worked in the U.S. State Department on Middle Eastern 
policy. So far the United States has been publicly critical of the 
repression in Syria, but it also seemed that the United States was 
hoping that Assad would actually institute reforms and solve the 
situation that way. 
The Obama administration has been struggling to find its footing, 
faced with all the revolts in the Middle East. In the beginning, there 
was a belated suggestion for Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to 
step down which went over quite poorly among the United States' 
Arab allies in the Middle East. But it clearly played a role in 
President Mubarak's decision to resign. There has been a U.S. call for 
the end of Muammar al-Qaddafi's rule in Libya. This has not 
prompted Qaddafi to step down. [Instead] it has been used at home to 
criticize the administration for not following up vigorously on its 
policy. When we look at Syria, we not only have the question of what 
EFTA00589248
--- PAGE 5 ---
the United States wants, but the complicating factor that many U.S. 
allies [in the region] seem to want to keep Bashar in power. If you 
look at the Israeli press, there are articles expressing extreme concern 
about what may follow in Syria after Bashar. The Saudis and Turks 
are also reportedly concerned about what might follow if Bashar 
leaves. So, Syria's significant neighbors, all of whom have close 
relations with the United States, are deeply concerned about events in 
Syria. That only underlines concerns in the U.S. government about 
what might follow after Bashar al-Assad. Many officials are reluctant 
to get too far out in front, partly because of the unanswerable 
question of what are you going to do to follow up if Bashar leaves. 
U.S. officials do not want to alienate allies. And there is a desire to 
avoid "owning" a post-Bashar environment in Syria because we are 
having so much trouble having influence over the post-Saddam 
environment in Iraq. 
What would be the worst case scenario in Syria that Israelis, 
Saudis, and Turks are worried about? 
The worst case is sustained turmoil with jihadi groups operating out 
of the country; extreme sectarian violence and a period of proxy wars 
throughout the region. 
With all the changes going on starting with Tunisia and then 
Egypt, would you say that in six months to a year's time the area 
will be more democratic, more open to change, more amenable to 
the United States? 
My sense is disappointment in six months and more possibilities in 
six years. The status quo forces in the Middle East, particularly the 
military, remain extremely strong. The wealthy entrepreneurial 
families remain extremely strong. The nature of these protest 
EFTA00589249
--- PAGE 6 ---
movements make it hard for them to enter into normal politics. To go 
from the post-modern politics of Facebook groups to the modern 
politics of getting people in power to make concessions is an 
extraordinarily difficult task. They don't seem on the verge of being 
very successful in those countries. It's hard to know whether some 
of these activists, frustrated by their inability to effect change in 
2011, in 2015, or 2016 will regroup and really produce an 
entrepreneurial political culture, and a more entrepreneurial economic 
culture. The near-term prospect is that the democratic politics of the 
Middle East will be much more skeptical of U.S intervention, will be 
much less willing to do things to accommodate the United States. The 
militaries remain strong; the militaries won't cut ties with the United 
States. But the overall tenor will be towards much more skepticism 
towards the United States, and much more skepticism towards Israel. 
The United States has economic policies, which don't help ordinary 
Arabs, and the United States is waging war against Muslims 
throughout the world. So the public perception is that that's what we 
have from the United States. 
You would think that the democratic forces would be looking 
towards close relations with the United States. 
The United States actively supports Israeli activities in the region. 
The United States actively supports both militaries and the monarchs 
of the region who are responsible for the political repression. The 
United States has economic policies, which don't help ordinary 
Arabs, and the United States is waging war against Muslims 
throughout the world. So the public perception is that that's what we 
have from the United States, and close ties aren't in the interest of the 
people but in the interest of the aggressive leadership. 
EFTA00589250
--- PAGE 7 ---
So even if we support the overthrow of the current leaders, we're 
not actually winning ourselves a popularity contest? 
The goal of U.S. policy has to be to lead towards something different, 
and what kinds of tools are there to do that when we have small 
numbers of people who are far away and don't understand the 
situation well in many cases. What's our leverage to lead these 
situations to a better outcome? We have some leverage, but it's not a 
huge amount. 
Egypt is a prime example where the United States and the 
Egyptian military have been very close for years, and we were 
very close with Mubarak. Now that he's gone, we'll have to start 
almost from scratch again, right? 
No, because the military remains in control. We have quite a positive 
relationship with the military and the military's been extremely eager 
to mature its relationship with the United States through all of this. If 
your goal is to wholly transform Egypt and empower the Facebook 
kids to rule the country, I think we're likely to be bitterly 
disappointed. If the goal is an Egypt whose policies are a small 
change from the status quo, but not a complete revolution, then I 
think the prospects are much better. The danger in Egypt remains that 
you're going to have a political elite at the time the economy weakens 
significantly because of tourism going away, foreign direct 
investment drying up, capital flight, global economy crisis arising, 
and that could lead Egypt to very different kind of political system 
than we now have. 
Jon B. Alterman is Director and Senior Fellow, Middle East 
Program, Center for Strategic and International Studies 
EFTA00589251
--- PAGE 8 ---
Anicic 2. 
TIME 
Syria: There Will Be (Lots More) Blood 
Tony Karon 
April 26, 2011 -- Unable to assuage their grievances with empty 
promises of reform, Syria's President Bashar al-Assad this week 
adopted the "Tiananmen Model" of dealing with a popular protest 
movement. Like the Chinese authorities in 1989, Assad on Monday 
sent in the tanks and thousands of troops to reclaim the streets of 
Deraa, where the rebellion began a month ago in protest at the arrest 
of schoolchildren for scrawling anti-regime graffiti. Scores of Syrians 
have already been killed in the regime's crackdown, but sending in 
the tanks is a symbolic escalation: As Oklahoma University Syria 
expert Joshua Landis points out, there's no military reason to use 
armor against unarmed demonstrators; its purpose is to intimidate by 
demonstrating the overwhelming advantage in firepower of a regime 
willing to use it rather than yield power. 
The regime hopes that an overwhelming display of ruthless force will 
put an end to the uprising. That may be its only choice if it remains 
unwilling to contemplate ceding its monopoly on power to a 
genuinely democratic political order. And the regime appears to be 
calculating that it can muster sufficient domestic support from the 
ethnic, sectarian and class interests protected by the regime -- and 
withstand any international pressure, given the West's ambivalence 
about ousting Assad -- to tough out the storm, and then offer more 
reforms, on its own terms, once its iron control of the streets is 
restored. 
Just as the regime of Saddam Hussein had relied on Iraq's Sunni 
minority to staff its administrative and security structures -- and to 
defend their relatively privileged status in the face of any challenge 
EFTA00589252
--- PAGE 9 ---
by the Shi'ite majority -- so does Assad's regime rely on his own 
Alawite sect (comprising 12% of the popuation) to run the security 
forces that are the regime's key pillar. That and the support, or at least 
quiescence of the Sunni and Christian urban middle class and elites, 
is what the regime will be counting on as it unleashes murderous 
violence on the rebellious towns of the impoverished and more 
socially conservative Sunni hinterland. 
Beyond his own Alawite base, which has benefited most from the 
regime, Assad is expecting that key power centers inside and outside 
Syria will conclude that no matter how odious they find his regime, 
they're unwilling to help topple it for fear of the consequences. For 
now, that may not be a bad bet. 
This is not a regime whose security forces are likely to turn in the 
face of popular protests in the way that Tunisia's and Egypt's did --
or to split in the way that Libya's have -- and protests appear to have 
been limited in the two key cities of Damascus and Aleppo. Landis 
points out that the rebellion has not managed to draw in the middle 
and upper classes of the main cities, who prefer stability or fear the 
consequences of chaos. 
The same may be true for the Western powers. Beirut-based analyst 
Rami Khouri suggests that from a geopolitical standpoint, many of 
the key international stakeholders approach Syria as the equivalent of 
a bank deemed too big to fail. 
Statements in Western capitals about imposing new sanctions on 
Syria are almost a pro-forma response to an unconscionable 
escalation of violence by the regime against its own citizens. But the 
measures likely to be adopted, targeting the foreign holdings of key 
individuals in the regime, are unlikely to alter the power calculations 
of the key decision makers in Damascus. 
That could simply be an illustration of the problem with sanctions --
experience from Cuba to Iraq and beyond shows that regimes adapt 
EFTA00589253
--- PAGE 10 ---
to long-term sanctions, removing the leverage that any new measures 
could create over important decision makers. But nobody expects 
Western powers to escalate to any more direct forms of coercion 
against Assad of the sort now facing Libya's Colonel Gaddafi. 
Curious, perhaps, because Assad is the Arab leader most closely 
aligned with Iran, the enabler of Hizballah's military capability, and 
host to the headquarters of Hamas. His regime remains formally at 
war with Israel, and has been accused by Iraq's government of 
enabling the Sunni insurgency there. But that doesn't mean the U.S. 
or even Israel are ready to see the back of Bashar al-Assad. Secretary 
of State Hillary Clinton just a couple of weeks ago was still referring 
to him as a "reformer", and the Administration's policy had long been 
to woo his regime away from Iran. 
Trying to topple it, by contrast, would be a geopolitical roll of the 
dice: The Western powers, and many Syrians, fear the regime's 
collapse would unleash a sectarian civil war that could spread into 
Lebanon and Iraq. And they fear that the Muslim Brotherhood would 
emerge as the strongest opposition group. Even for the Israeli 
security establishment, Assad is the devil they know, and there's an 
assumption that the Machiavellian calculations of Damascus actually 
function as a restraint on Hizballah -- the Israelis would make Syria 
pay a price for any sustained offensive launched by the movement, 
and the assumption has long been that negotiating a peace agreement 
with Damascus could cut off Hizballah's arms supplies and cool 
Syrian ties with Iran. If the regime goes, all bets are off. And it's fear 
of the power vacuum that gives many middle class Syrians, and 
international stakeholders, pause before committing to topple Assad. 
At the same time, however, the scale of the current rebellion suggests 
that it won't be as easily contained by the brutality unleashed in 
Hama, in 1982, to suppress an insurrection by the Muslim 
Brotherhood. The economic and social despair of too many Syrians 
EFTA00589254
--- PAGE 11 ---
I1 
has stripped them of their fear; for a traditionally authoritarian regime 
the past month has seen previously unthinkable public defiance -- and 
it's not showing any sign of ending. 
As a result, Landis predicts, the opposition will quickly turn to arms, 
as it did in Libya. The result, at least in the short term, may prove 
quite different. An armed rebellion is likely to eventually be led by 
the most intractable and battle-hardened opponents of the regime, 
which would be the Islamists. And at least in the short term, a turn to 
a more violent confrontation would likely reinforce the reluctance of 
the urban elites to back the rebellion. In the long term, he argues, 
their calculations will be changed by the likely economic collapse, 
which will eventually bring down the regime. But it could be a 
protracted and bloody demise. 
EFTA00589255
--- PAGE 12 ---
Wall street Journal 
The Tehran-Damascus Axis 
Amir Taheri 
APRIL 27, 2011 -- When the Arab uprisings started in Tunisia this 
winter, there were no more enthusiastic cheerleaders than the 
Khomeinists in Tehran. Their cheering got louder when revolution 
spread to Egypt, and louder still when Libyans rose in revolt. 
But Tehran's cheering has begun to fade. The reason is that the revolt 
has spread to Syria, the mullahs' sole Arab ally. 
A sign that Tehran may be getting nervous came last week when the 
Islamic Majlis, Iran's ersatz parliament, published a report on "The 
Arab Revolution." The authors ask for "urgent action to protect our 
strategic interests" in case the regime of President Bashar Assad is 
toppled. 
What kind of action? Syrian opposition sources claim that Tehran has 
sent snipers to help Mr. Assad kill demonstrators. The regime used 
this tactic during the protests following the disputed presidential 
election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in 2009. (Neda Agha-Soltan, the 
young woman who became the symbol of the pro-democracy 
uprising in Iran, was killed by one such sniper.) President Barack 
Obama has also spoken of Iran's possible involvement in Syria. 
Whether or not Tehran has sent snipers to prop up Mr. Assad, the 
Islamic Republic is bound by treaty to help him fight "any threats 
against Syria's security and stability." Tehran and Damascus first 
signed a military cooperation treaty in 1998. At the time, Iran's 
minister of defense, Adm. Ali Shamkhani, stated publicly that the 
treaty would also cover "intelligence and security issues" with regard 
to dissident armed groups. Since then the treaty has been refined and 
EFTA00589256
--- PAGE 13 ---
deepened on several occasions, most recently under Mr. 
Ahmadinejad in 2008. 
Syria is the only country with which the Iranian armed forces and the 
Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps hold joint staff meetings at least 
once a year. Iran has also emerged as a major supplier of weapons 
and materiel to Syria, according to the official Iranian news agency 
IRNA. 
Iran started using the Assad regime as a means of dividing the Arabs 
in the 1970s, when the shah wanted to squeeze the Baathist regime in 
Iraq. To this end, he supplied Syria with cut-price oil and aid totalling 
$150 million in 1977. Under the mullahs, Syria retained its role in 
preventing the Arabs from ganging up against the then-fragile Islamic 
Republic. Throughout its eight-year war against Saddam Hussein, 
Iran benefited from Syrian support, including vital intelligence on 
Iraqi armed forces. As a gesture of goodwill, Tehran arranged for 
some mullahs to issue fatwas declaring the Alawite minority, to 
which the Assad family belongs, to be "part of Islam." Most Islamic 
scholars, on the other hand, have long regarded the esoteric Alawi 
sect as heretical. 
Iran and Syria also share an interest in Lebanon. Syrian despots have 
always dreamt of annexing Lebanon. And under the shah, Iran 
regarded itself as the protector of Lebanon's Shiite community. 
Under the mullahs, Lebanon has been recast as "our revolution's 
perimeter of defense," in the words of Gen. Hassan Firuzabadi, chief 
of staff of the Iranian armed forces. In a speech in Tehran last month, 
Gen. Firuzabadi justified Iran's support for Hezbollah in Lebanon and 
for Hamas in the Palestinian territories by underscoring the role that 
the two groups played in fighting "the Zionist enemy." And because 
of its geographical proximity, Syria plays a crucial role in 
channelling arms from Iran to both Hezbollah and Hamas. 
EFTA00589257
--- PAGE 14 ---
Iranian-Syrian cooperation in Lebanon has a long history. In the 
words of Iran's former President Hashemi Rafsanjani, the countries 
worked together "to push the Americans out" with a suicide attack 
that killed 241 U.S. servicemen in 1983. In the decades that followed, 
Tehran and Damascus used Hezbollah in hostage-taking operations 
and assassinations of Western diplomats and Arab politicians. 
Under Mr. Ahmadinejad, Iran has expanded its presence in Syria 
significantly. At least 14 Iranian "Islamic Cultural Centres" have 
opened across Syria, and hundreds of mullah missionaries have been 
sent to introduce Iranian-style Shiism to Syrians. Similar tactics in 
Lebanon have succeeded in "Iranizing" a large chunk of the Lebanese 
Shiite community. 
The Assad regime has a larger strategic importance for the Islamic 
Republic. "We want to be present in the Mediterranean," Mr. 
Ahmadinejad said in a speech last month in Tehran, marking the 
arrival in the Syrian port of Latakia of a flotilla of Iranian warships. 
This was the first time since 1975 that Iranian warships had appeared 
in the Mediterranean. 
Indeed, Iran could build a presence in the Mediterranean through 
Syria and Lebanon. The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps has 
already developed mooring facilities in the Syrian port as a prelude to 
what may be a full-scale air and naval base. 
Mr. Ahmadinejad, who believes that the United States is in historic 
retreat, sees Iran as the successor to the defunct Soviet Union as the 
principal global challenger to what he says is "a world system, 
imposed by Infidel powers." The loss of Syria would puncture many 
of Mr. Ahmadinejad's aspirations. 
Over the years, it is possible that Iran has built a network of contact 
and sympathy within the Syrian military and security services. It may 
now be using that network to encourage hardliners within the 
beleaguered Assad regime to fight on. 
EFTA00589258
--- PAGE 15 ---
From the start, Tehran media have labelled the Syrian uprising "a 
Zionist plot," the term they used to describe the pro-democracy 
movement in Iran itself. In 2009, the mullahs claimed that those 
killed in the streets of Tehran and Tabriz were not peaceful 
demonstrators but "Zionist and Infidel" agents who deserved to die. 
The Assad clan is using the same vicious vocabulary against freedom 
lovers in Syria as snipers kill them in the streets of Damascus, Deraa 
and Douma. 
Mr. Taheri is the author of "The Persian Night: Iran Under the 
Khomeinist Revolution" (Encounter, 2009). 
EFTA00589259
--- PAGE 16 ---
lo 
The Washington Post 
Tom Donilon's Arab Spring challenge 
David Ignatius 
April 26 -- Tom Donilon, President Obama's national security 
adviser, has a reputation as a "process guy," meaning that he runs an 
orderly decision-making system at the National Security Council, and 
as a "political guy" with a feel for Capitol Hill and the media. 
Now, facing the rolling crisis of the Arab Spring, Donilon has had to 
transform into the ultimate "policy guy" — coordinating 
administration strategy for a revolution that will alter the foreign-
policy map for decades. 
U.S. strategy is still a work in progress. That's the consensus among 
some leading Donilon-watchers inside and outside the government. 
The national security adviser has tried to shape Obama's intuitive 
support for the Arab revolutionaries into a coherent line. But as the 
crisis has unfolded, there has been tension between American 
interests and values, and a communications-oriented NSC staff has 
sometimes seemed to oscillate between the two. 
"The focus is more on how it plays than on what to do," says one 
longtime friend of Donilon. He credits Donilon as "a very smart 
political person" who has brought order to the planning process. But 
he cautions: "Tom is not a strategist. He's a pol. That's the heart of 
what he is and does." 
Another member of the inner circle similarly credits Donilon as "very 
inclusive of all the principals in the decision-making process." But he 
worries that this White House is too focused on "message 
management." 
The uprisings in Egypt, Bahrain, Libya, Yemen and now Syria all 
embody the tension between U.S. interests and values, and Obama 
EFTA00589260
--- PAGE 17 ---
has leaned different ways. With Egypt and Libya, the White House 
voted its values and supported rebellion and change; with Bahrain 
and Yemen, the administration, while sympathetic to reform, has 
embraced its interests in the stability of Saudi Arabia, Bahrain's 
neighbor, and in a Yemen that is an ally against al-Qaeda. 
The mix is pragmatic, which seems to suit both Obama and Donilon. 
Yet it sometimes frustrates ideologues on both sides who want a 
more systematic line. My instinct is that the White House is right to 
be pragmatic, and for that reason should avoid making so many 
public pronouncements: This is an evolving crisis, and each country 
presents a different set of issues; a one-size-fits-all policy approach 
would be a mistake. 
The biggest test may come in Syria, where President Bashar al-Assad 
has launched a ruthless crackdown. Here, U.S. values and interests 
would seem to coincide in the fall of Assad, who is Iran's key Arab 
ally and maintains a repressive, anti-American regime. But there are 
dangers: Assad's fall could bring a sectarian bloodbath. So far, 
Donilon seems to be holding a middle ground to allow maximum 
U.S. flexibility. 
In an interview in his West Wing office last week, Donilon outlined 
his basic strategic framework. It begins with Obama's intuitive feel 
for these issues. Back in January when the Arab revolts began, 
Obama admonished his NSC advisers, preoccupied with other issues: 
"You need to get on this!" 
Donilon cites four guidelines that have shaped the administration's 
response ever since: First, the Arab revolt is a "historic" event, 
comparable to the fall of the Ottoman Empire or the post-1945 
decolonization of the Middle East; second, "no country is immune" 
from change; third, the revolution has "deep roots" in poor 
governance, demographics and new communications technology; and 
EFTA00589261
--- PAGE 18 ---
fourth, "these are indigenous events" that can't be dictated by 
America, Iran or any other outside power. 
Donilon also stresses that this process of change is just beginning. 
"We're in the early chapters," he says, warning that the United States 
should be careful not to take actions now that it might regret down 
the road, as situations change and new players emerge. 
A useful reality check for Donilon was his trip this month to Saudi 
Arabia, which had been traumatized by Obama's abandonment of 
deposed Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and America's initial 
support for Bahrain's Shiite protesters. Donilon met with Saudi King 
Abdullah for more than two hours and gave him a personal letter 
from Obama. The reassuring message, he says, was about "the bond 
we have in a relationship of 70 years that's rooted in shared strategic 
interest." 
Donilon is preoccupied now by Syria. He doesn't want to talk details 
of policy but says the administration will follow its basic principles 
of opposing violent repression and supporting reform. He says Assad 
made a disastrous mistake being "constipated" about change. As for a 
Libya-style intervention, Donilon seems dubious that a military 
option in Syria is available or advisable. 
EFTA00589262
--- PAGE 19 ---
Anicic 5. 
The National Interest 
Bearbaiting Iran 
Hossein Askari 
April 26, 2011 -- Throughout the years, Saudi decision-making has 
been characterized by three fundamental principles—discretion, 
caution and cash. But last month, by deploying troops to Bahrain and 
lecturing Iran, the al-Sauds acted out of character. They sent an 
unintended invitation to Iran to intervene around the Persian Gulf, an 
invitation that Iran cannot refuse and one that might be the seed for 
the downfall of the al-Sauds and other GCC monarchies. 
First some essential background. The al-Sauds, and more generally 
the Bedouins from Najd, have harbored a visceral hatred for Shia 
Muslims and especially for Iranians, but said and did nothing during 
the Shah's reign given the Shah's military might and his close 
relations with the United States. Then the Iranian Revolution brought 
the Shia-Sunni divide and Iran's revolutionary zeal to the top of the 
list of Saudi concerns. The al-Sauds believe the mullahs are 
untrustworthy and determined to destabilize Saudi rule. The Iran-Iraq 
War in all its savagery was a gift for the al-Sauds. Iranians and Iraqis 
killing each other was the best of both worlds; Shia were killing Shia 
and their two rivals in the Persian Gulf were decimating each other. 
The conflict fueled even more hatred between Iran and Iraq, further 
dividing the two for years to come, and leaving them little time and 
few resources to destabilize Saudi Arabia. Although the Saudis and 
their GCC allies put up mountains of cash to support Saddam 
Hussein, it was a worthwhile investment. After the bloody war, the 
period of standoff between the two Shia powers afforded the al-Sauds 
continued comfort. It appeared that devastation from the war, along 
EFTA00589263
--- PAGE 20 ---
with sanctions and continued policy ineptitude, would keep both 
countries backward for years to come. 
But Saddam's invasion of Kuwait jolted the al-Sauds. Acting out of 
character, they threw caution to the wind and invited US forces onto 
Saudi soil to drive Saddam out of Kuwait and, more importantly, to 
defend Saudi Arabia from an Iraqi invasion. True to form, the al-
Sauds did what they do best—greased the wheels with cash. They, 
along with Kuwait and Abu Dhabi, paid the US for its war-related 
expenses, prompting the al-Sauds to believe that the US was a 
mercenary country with high-profile Americans and their military 
might for sale. As a result of the war, the rest of the GCC, especially 
Kuwait—which, ironically, had previously thought itself a power to 
be reckoned with—began to look up to Saudi leadership. 
The US invasion of Iraq in 2003 and the subsequent ascendance of 
Shia to power there was a new blow to Saudi ambitions. Their worst 
nightmare was coming true. While they had hated Saddam Hussein, 
they saw him as useful in keeping Iraqi Shia in check and providing a 
counterweight to Iran. Hoping for a reversal given the ongoing 
turmoil in Iraq, the al-Sauds did little to discourage Saudi suicide 
bombers from going to Baghdad. But matters did not go as the al-
Sauds hoped, and the Shia maintained their power in Iraq. 
Today, the al-Sauds feel threatened as never before. The Arab Spring 
has toppled two allies and is threatening others in the region. While 
Arabs in the street are trading full stomachs for dignity, 
representative rule, a more equitable share of oil wealth and a say in 
their political and economic future, the US appears to be abandoning 
its so-called friends in support of the revolutionaries. The Saudis 
believe the coming clash in the Persian Gulf is likely to be along the 
Shia-Sunni divide. But instead of proceeding as they have in the past, 
the al-Sauds are reacting viscerally against the Shia uprising in 
EFTA00589264
--- PAGE 21 ---
Bahrain and have stepped into a hornet's nest that may well be the 
opening gambit to a Shia-Sunni clash across the Persian Gulf. 
The Shia in Bahrain, though treated as second-class citizens, have 
fared significantly better than their counterparts in Saudi Arabia and 
had not even considered overthrowing the al-Khalifas in the past. 
They have always wanted something along the lines of a 
constitutional monarchy with the al-Khalifas at the helm, but with 
more rights and representation. Unfortunately, the al-Khalifas are not 
free to respond to the legitimate demands of their Shia citizens 
because they are beholden to the al-Sauds, who finance them and 
their country. Thousands of Saudi visitors fuel the island's economy 
on weekends. Bahrain provides a base for the US Fifth Fleet, 
something the Saudis can ill afford to do on their own soil. The Shia 
are the overwhelming majority (70 percent) on the island, but they 
are being oppressed as never before because the al-Sauds want it so. 
Why? The Saudis fear that more humane treatment of the Shia in 
Bahrain would fuel demands and dissention among their own 
disenfranchised Shia, representing 10-15 percent of their population. 
So the al-Khalifas must mistreat their Shia to be in step with the 
mistreatment of Shia in Saudi Arabia! They have brought in Sunni 
mercenaries to man security forces and have granted them and other 
Sunnis a quick route to citizenship in order to marginalize the Shia 
majority in Bahrain. They have "invited" Saudi forces to put down 
the protestors in Bahrain. They have declared a State of Emergency. 
They have, reportedly, signed secret contacts with Mossad (WP, 
April 12, 2011). They have surrounded the largest public hospital in 
Bahrain. They have arrested numerous doctors, nurses, ambulance 
drivers and paramedics who treat injured protestors. Checkpoints 
have been set up where soldiers arrest citizens who show evidence of 
wounds which could indicate they have participated in protests. They 
EFTA00589265
--- PAGE 22 ---
have entered homes in the night and arrested alleged protestors. All 
this and more they have done at the insistence of their Saudi masters. 
Up to now, there is little evidence that Iran has interfered in 
Bahrain—if it has, its activities have been marginal. The Bahraini 
Shia have done all they can to distance themselves from the Iranian 
regime, believing that any association with Iran would bring the 
wrath of the Saudis on them. Besides, Iran's economic, social and 
political achievements are nothing to envy or replicate. All this may 
now change. How do we expect Iran to react to this blatant reign of 
terror against Shia instigated by the Saudis with complicity on the 
part of rulers in Bahrain, the UAE and Kuwait? How will Iran react 
to being lectured for allegedly interfering in the region? What can we 
expect Iran to do in response to being overtly threatened by Saudi 
Arabia and Kuwait? How will their response be further conditioned 
by Washington's recent admission of covert operations inside Iran? 
Before gauging the Iranian response, we should note the mindset of 
those who matter in Iran's intelligence services and in its 
Revolutionary Guards. They are street smart and tough. Their 
relations with Persian Gulf Arabs are conditioned by history. They 
don't react well to threats, especially from Saudis and Kuwaitis, 
whom they hold in contempt. They know that today the US could still 
defend their client dictators, but with difficulty. While the Iranians 
were in awe of the US as it marched with ease into Baghdad, things 
are different today. The US is overstretched, fighting two wars in 
Muslim countries and lending support in yet another. Its finances are 
near the breaking point, giving it limited ability to confront Iran in 
the Persian Gulf—much less in Lebanon, Afghanistan and Iraq. Most 
importantly, only Iran knows how close it is to having a nuclear 
device. Even the threat of the use of nuclear capability, real or 
imaginary, would seriously limit GCC and US options. 
EFTA00589266
--- PAGE 23 ---
What is Iran's reaction likely to be? Tehran will have to decide where 
and how to undermine Arab rulers in the Persian Gulf, especially 
Saudi Arabia, along with their protector the United States. Iran has no 
choice but to stand up for Shia rights if it wants to play a regional 
role now and in the future. The Saudi misstep affords Iran the perfect 
invitation to take on such a role more overtly and with much more 
justification than in the past. What sense of justice could allow Saudi 
Arabia to enter into Bahrain with force, to kill peaceful Shia 
protestors and rob them of their basic human rights, but outlaw Iran 
coming to the defense of oppressed Shia? 
Iran's priority will be to foment dissent and protest in Saudi Arabia's 
Eastern Provence, home to Saudi Shia and the location of Saudi 
Arabia's major oil facilities, where it can hurt the al-Sauds the most. 
The next likely target will be Kuwait. Here, it can count on the 
support of Iraqi Shia. Yes, Kuwait is grateful for Saudi support—but 
can a little country wedged between Iran, Iraq and Saudi Arabia, and 
with a 30 percent Shia minority, afford such high-profile rhetoric 
against Iran? While Saddam's invasion of Kuwait was predictable 
years before it happened, I believe that today the reasons that the 
Kuwaiti regime will be undermined by Iran and Iraq in partnership in 
the next five or so years are even more compelling. Who will rescue 
Kuwait the next time around, especially if Iran claims a nuclear 
capability? Saudi Arabia? 
What can the US do to prevent a potential uncontrollable catastrophe 
in the Persian Gulf? The US must stop pandering to al-Saud wishes in 
Bahrain and elsewhere. If the US administration is seen as accepting 
Saudi and Bahraini repression while taking a stand against repression 
elsewhere in the region, then it will loose the last shred of credibility 
it may still enjoy in that part of the world. The US must be tough with 
the al-Sauds as never before and force them to allow the Shia in 
Bahrain to gain their legitimate rights and to afford equal rights to 
EFTA00589267
--- PAGE 24 ---
their own Shia Muslims. Hopefully, the recent visit of Secretary of 
Defense Robert Gates to King Abdullah and the presidential letter 
delivered by National Security Advisor Thomas Donilon conveyed 
such a message and not the one that we have become accustomed 
to—pandering to al-Saud wishes for "access" to oil that we pay for. 
The US cannot afford to turn its back on the Shia in the Persian Gulf. 
This is one of those times in history when the US must connect all the 
dots before choosing its policy course. 
Hossein Askari is Iran Professor of International Business and 
professor of international affairs at the George Washington 
University. 
EFTA00589268
--- PAGE 25 ---
AnICIC 6. 
Agence Global 
The New Pan-Arabism 
Patrick Seale 
Apr 2011 -- Although the future is uncertain and danger still lurks 
at every street corner, Arab society could be experiencing an 
inspiring moment of renewal. Spreading with contagious euphoria 
across the Middle East, popular uprisings are providing the Arabs 
with an immense opportunity, such as occurs rarely, perhaps only in 
every three or four generations. The opportunity must not be 
squandered. 
Although much blood has been spilled -- in Tunisia, Egypt, Libya, 
Yemen, Bahrain, Syria and elsewhere -- fresh blood has, at the same 
time, been infused into a senile and decaying political system. Heavy-
handed methods of repression and coercion are being swept away, 
which for decades condemned the Arabs to stagnation and 
backwardness. A surge of "people power" is dismantling the 
suffocating controls of the Arab security state. The Arabs are being 
freed from captivity. 
Right across the region, the young and the not-so-young are united in 
long-stifled aspirations. Formulating the same demands for political 
freedom, economic opportunity and, above all, dignity, they call out 
to each other across national boundaries, copying each other, drawing 
encouragement from each other's experience. The Arab peoples are 
responding to each other as never before. 
Satellite television and internet communications have undoubtedly 
succeeded in creating a sense of community, informing Arab 
societies about each other, ventilating common problems, linking 
Maghreb to Mashrek. Social networks such as Facebook, YouTube 
and Twitter have also played a role in bringing the Arabs together. 
EFTA00589269
--- PAGE 26 ---
Had it not been for such new inventions, the spark lit in Tunisia by 
the self-immolation of a young street vendor might not have set fire 
to the combustible, pent-up grievances of Egypt, which in turn 
inspired revolts in Libya, Yemen, Syria and elsewhere. 
But something more profound is at work. As autocracies are brought 
down, the region seems to be experiencing a new pan-Arab moment. 
More genuine than that promoted in the past by individual leaders 
such as Gamal Abd al-Nasser or his rivals in the Ba`th party, this 
incipient pan-Arabism is a union of peoples, rather than a union of 
leaders for their own geopolitical ambitions. Political pan-Arabism 
was a failure. Will poplar pan-Arabism be more successful? Will 
Arab solidarity be more than an empty slogan? 
In the coming weeks and months, there will clearly be an opportunity 
for the Arabs to recover their corporate voice and their corporate 
power, an opportunity to overcome their internal disputes and resolve 
their external conflicts, an opportunity to promote Arab causes, an 
opportunity to rid themselves of foreign predators and take their 
destiny into their own hands. But will they seize it? Will new leaders 
emerge with the vision to lead their peoples out of the failures of the 
past and towards new horizons? 
The last time something of this nature happened was a century ago 
when the Ottoman Empire was defeated in the First World War. After 
four centuries of Ottoman rule, some Arabs saw in the Empire's 
collapse an opportunity for a national awakening. Demands were 
formulated for freedom, self-determination and unity. But the nascent 
Arab nationalism of the time was brutally crushed -- by the imperial 
ambitions of Britain and France; by the quest for statehood of the 
Zionist movement, which flourished under British protection; and 
also, it must be said, by Arab rivalries, which remain to this day a 
source of weakness and paralysis. 
The fathers and grandfathers of the present generation fought for 
EFTA00589270
--- PAGE 27 ---
freedom from the colonial powers -- in Egypt, Iraq, and South Yemen 
against the British; in Syria and across North Africa against the 
French; in Libya against the Italians; in Palestine against the Zionists. 
But today's revolution is primarily against internal rather than 
external colonists. 
The post-revolutionary period is bound to be chaotic. There will be 
instability, fierce infighting while new political parties are formed 
and new forces take shape, even attempts here and there at counter-
revolution. Faced with popular uprisings, those Arab rulers still in 
place will inevitably look to their defences. But they should not miss 
the import of what is happening. They should embrace the new trend 
rather than fight it. 
It seems to me, and no doubt to many other observers, that three 
developments are necessary at this historic moment if the Arab 
Revolution is to succeed. 
The first is that those Arab monarchies which have so far been spared 
popular uprisings must themselves introduce and implement far-
reaching reforms. Ruling families need to open their ranks to 
ordinary citizens; representative institutions need to be created; 
shoura councils or parliaments must be given real responsibility; 
accountability insisted upon; corruption curbed; arbitrary arrest and 
police brutality ended. In a word, power must be shared and the 
people's energies harnessed for the common good. 
A second development will be even more difficult to bring about, but 
is perhaps even more important. Sectarianism is the curse of Arab 
societies. What does it matter if an Arab man or woman is a Sunni or 
a Shil, an Alawi, an Ismaili or a Derzi, a Christian or a Muslim? 
Political and religious authorities across the region should make a 
resolute attempt to consign sectarian differences and conflicts to 
history. What alone matters is that Arabs -- whether male or female, 
rich or poor, and whatever their backgrounds or religious beliefs --
EFTA00589271
--- PAGE 28 ---
should feel and behave as Arab citizens. It is surely time to launch an 
Arab Union based on common citizenship to match the European 
Union, which the Europeans managed to create over the past half-
century. 
A third necessary development is a recognition that oil wealth 
belongs not just to a few privileged Arabs but to all of them. It must 
be shared across the region. Generosity is, after all, the greatest of 
Arab virtues. The oil-poor countries will need help from their richer 
brothers. Solidarity is meaningless if it is not backed with cash. 
Just as Western Europe pumped billions into the poorer parts of 
Eastern Europe after the Soviet collapse, so the oil-rich Arabs must 
urgently come to the aid of their poorer neighbours. With oil prices at 
near-record levels, it is a scandal that the great majority of Arabs still 
scrape a living on two dollars a day or less. 
Youth unemployment is the number one problem of the Arab world. 
In country after country it has been the real motor of the revolution. 
A great bank or fund needs to be set up which, by tapping into Arab 
sovereign wealth funds, would be dedicated to creating jobs across 
the region. Countries like Egypt, Tunisia, Yemen, Syria and others, 
need massive aid, well-directed and managed, if the democratic 
movement is not to collapse in disillusion and despair. 
If it does, no one will be spared. 
Patrick Seale is a leading British writer on the Middle East. His 
latest book is The Struggle for Arab Independence: Riad el-Solh and 
the Makers of the Modern Middle East (Cambridge University 
Press). 
EFTA00589272
--- PAGE 29 ---
AniCIC 7. 
Foreifn Affairs 
The Post-Islamist Revolutions - What the 
Revolts in the Arab World Mean 
Asef Bayat 
April 26, 2011 -- How should we make sense of the revolts that have 
engulfed the Arab world? Some observers see them as postmodern 
revolutions, diffused and leaderless, with no fixed ideology. Others 
view them as the next wave of democratic and liberal revolutions. 
Most commonly, they are described as youth revolutions, since 
young people played a key role in initiating them. Still others argue 
that they may be Islamist revolutions and will turn the region into a 
theocracy resembling Iran. In the United States, this is the position 
that many Republicans hold. The Iranian hard-liners concur, insisting 
that the Arab revolts are inspired by Iran's 1979 Islamic takeover. 
Religious factions have been involved in the Arab protests to an 
extent -- al-Nanda has in Tunisia, the Muslim Brotherhood has in 
Egypt and Syria, and the Islamic opposition has in Yemen, for 
example. But in truth, the revolutions transcend the Islamist politics 
that reigned in the region just a few years ago. In a 2008 essay on the 
future of Islamic revolutions, I suggested that the Iranian experience 
"may well remain the first and the last Islamic Revolution of our 
time," for the "growth of democratic sensibilities and movements [in 
the Middle East] is likely to push Islamism into the `post-Islamist' 
course, paving the way for a democratic change in which an inclusive 
Islam may play a significant role. The outcome may be termed 'post-
Islamist refo-lutions' [a mix of reforms and revolutions]." 
Post-Islamism is not anti-Islamic or secular; a post-Islamist 
movement dearly upholds religion but also highlights citizens' rights. 
EFTA00589273
--- PAGE 30 ---
It aspires to a pious society within a democratic state. Early examples 
of such movements include the reform movement in Iran in the late 
1990s and the country's Green Movement today, Indonesia's 
Prosperous Justice Party, Egypt's Hizb al-Wasat, Morocco's Justice 
and Development Party (PJD), and Turkey's ruling Justice and 
Development Party (AKP). Each was originally fundamentalist but 
over time came to critique Islamist excess, its violation of democratic 
rights, and its use of religion as a tool to sanctify political power. 
They all eventually opted to work within the democratic state. 
The protest movements underlying the current revolutions seem set to 
follow these earlier post-Islamist experiments. So far, religious 
rhetoric has been remarkably absent, even though the participants of 
the Middle East's many uprisings remain overwhelmingly people of 
faith. In Tunisia, protesters' central objective was to establish a 
democratic government. Rachid al-Ghannouchi, the founder of 
Tunisia's main Islamist party -- Islamic Nanda -- has publicly 
rejected a Khomeini-style state and has declined to run for president 
in future elections. Similarly, in Egypt the revolution demanded 
"change, freedom, and social justice" and was broadly secular. In 
fact, the major religious groups -- Gamaiyya Ansar al-Sunna al-
Muhammadiyya, a Salafi movement that controls 500 mosques and 
scores of schools and associations; al-Azhar, the main 
establishmentarian Islamic institution; and the Coptic Church did not 
initially back the revolution. The Muslim Brotherhood's old guard 
joined reluctantly and only after being pushed by the group's younger 
members. 
Libya's rebel movement and provisional government, the National 
Council, is composed not of Islamists or al Qaeda members but of a 
mix of the secular and faithful, including doctors, lawyers, teachers, 
regime defectors, and activists working to end Muammar al-
Gaddafi's oppression. According to their spokesman, Abdul Hafidh 
EFTA00589274
--- PAGE 31 ---
Ghoga, a human rights lawyer, Islamist presence is minimal, since 
the country's Islamists were, for the most part, crushed by Qaddafi 
long ago. And in Yemen and Syria, where protesters are also 
demanding democracy, there has also been no evidence of a major 
Islamist presence. In Bahrain, of course, the protests have taken on a 
sectarian dimension, since the monarchy is Sunni and the population 
is Shia, but the mainstream opposition still has largely secular 
demands: an elected government, a free press, the right to establish 
organizations, and the end to religious discrimination. 
Today's overwhelmingly civil and secular revolts represent a 
departure from the Arab politics of the mid-1980s and 1990s. 
Bolstered by Iran's 1979 Islamic Revolution, in those days the 
political class was consumed by the idea of establishing an Islamic 
order, including a religious state and sharia. Their primary goal was 
to forge an ideological community through which secular concerns 
would be addressed. For Islamists, the state was seen as the most 
powerful and efficient institution for spreading "good" and 
eradicating "evil." In turn, Islamists viewed citizens as dutiful 
subjects and placed an emphasis on their obligations to the righteous 
state, with little concern for their rights. 
The means for achieving such an order differed depending on the 
group. Militant Islamists, such as Egypt's al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya, 
took up arms in the 1990s to dislodge the secular states. The 
moderates, or electoral Islamists, such as the Muslim Brotherhoods in 
various Arab countries, preferred da'wa (religious outreach) and 
working within the system to achieve gradual Islamist change. The 
militants and the moderates were united by their hostility toward the 
West. But their shared goals and enemies could not completely 
reconcile their differences on foreign policy. Shia militant groups, 
such as Iraq's Hizb al-Dawa and Lebanon's Hezbollah, allied with 
Iran, while their Sunni counterparts remained closer to Saudi Arabia. 
EFTA00589275
--- PAGE 32 ---
Arab authoritarian states unintentionally sowed the seeds of their own 
demise. In the 1980s and 1990s, as populations grew and urbanized, 
demand for rights -- specifically for paid and secure jobs, decent 
housing and amenities, and respect -- rose. Of course, the economies 
of Arab countries could not keep pace with the demands. Throughout 
the 1980s, massive urban riots shook major Arab cities. Rather than 
taking on welfare tasks themselves, Arab governments, following the 
neoliberal economic agendas popular in the 1990s, tasked the 
growing sector of religious charities and nongovernmental 
organizations with providing help. Yet these arrangements proved too 
feeble to ameliorate the deep poverty and inequality that plague 
Middle Eastern societies. Indeed, the combination of new economic 
policies and a weak safety net increased the income gap between the 
rich and poor, made the working middle class more economically 
vulnerable, and marginalized much of the educated middle class. 
The last two decades saw the expansion of a "middle-class poor". 
This paradoxical class obtained college degrees, enjoyed contact with 
the rest of the world, used digital forms of communication, and 
expected a middle-class lifestyle, only to be forced to live in poverty 
with few prospects for improvement. Similar to the other 
disenfranchised groups in the Arab world, such as the marginal poor, 
women, and youth, the middle-class poor quietly struggled to 
improve their life chances. Many Muslim women strove to assert 
their presence in public, go to college, and pursue justice in courts. 
Youths forged collective identities in colleges, tea shops, and online 
and they attempted to affirm their autonomy and change politics by 
engaging in civil society and volunteer work. Yet these efforts mostly 
fell short. (The youth would only become a real threat to the regime 
in mid-2010, when social media facilitated their collective 
mobilization against entrenched regimes.) In the 1990s then, the most 
EFTA00589276
--- PAGE 33 ---
serious political challenge to the Arab regimes was the Islamist 
opposition, which much of the middle-class poor supported. 
But recently, Islamism began to lose its appeal considerably, and the 
Iranian model of revolution lost much of its luster. The regime's 
reputation for repression, misogyny, exclusionary attitudes, and 
unfulfilled promises became widely recognized, alienating its 
onetime sympathizers. Al Qaeda's violence, moreover, had caused a 
backlash against ordinary Muslims, who found al Qaeda's practices 
abhorrent to the true spirit of Islam. Much of the faithful in the Arab 
world decried the Islamists' disregard for human rights, tolerance, 
and pluralism. They could no longer accept the exploitation of Islam 
as a tool for procuring power and privilege. To rescue Islam, they 
began to abandon the Islamic state. At the same time, the political 
class realized that its nationalist, anti-imperialist, and pro-Palestinian 
campaign would falter so long as it was associated with the 
demagogic rhetoric of the authoritarian regimes. Thus, the next 
logical step was to focus on a key internal issue: democracy. 
The beginnings of a post-Islamist vision were first evident in Egypt 
in 2000, when a group called the Popular Committee for Solidarity 
with the Palestinian Intifada managed to bring together youth, civil 
society, and political activists to stage mass rallies in Tahrir Square 
against Israeli sieges of Palestinian territories. But it was the 2004 
Kefaya (Enough) movement that heralded the coming of post-
Islamist democratic politics: it focused more on democracy and 
human rights at home than on politics abroad, and it bridged 
ideological divides, especially between religious and secular activists 
and between leftists and nationalists. In doing so, it transcended 
exclusivist Islamist politics. 
This new way of doing politics in the post 9/11 era eventually 
influenced the inner circle of Islamism, compelling activists and 
ideologues, such as the youth in the Muslim Brotherhood, to rethink 
EFTA00589277
--- PAGE 34 ---
their political project. Many groups -- including the reformers in Iran 
and Indonesia's Prosperous Justice Party -- explicitly departed from 
their earlier vision of Islamism. In Egypt, the Muslim Brotherhood 
took piecemeal and pragmatic steps toward recognizing the 
legitimacy of democracy, the separation of powers, and minority 
rights -- when the Kefaya movement and former U.S. President 
George W. Bush's rhetoric of democratization pushed it to do so in 
the late 2000s. Post-Islamism emerged as a frame within which 
religious politics could become more inclusive. Muslims could 
confidently remain Muslim but also have a democratic state -- as 
Turkey's example indicated. And as electronic media expanded, 
Muslim and secular activists alike had an unprecedented opportunity 
to communicate, mobilize, and place their democratic demands on 
the agenda. Thus, by late 2010, an invigorated new public with a 
novel political vision and means of achieving it had emerged; ready 
to lead the current revolts. 
It remains to be seen whether the post-Islamist vision can be 
sustained after the revolutionary fervor subsides. There is certainly 
the possibility of a renewed fundamentalism. Already in Egypt, 
Salafists who opposed the revolution are regrouping in the mosques 
and on the street with a message that democracy is haram 
(forbidden). Salafis may be able to galvanize some support by 
capitalizing on moral and religious issues. One thing is clear, 
however: democrats, whether faithful or secular, have a heavy task 
before them. They must work to bring democratic values from the 
rule books to mobilize the ordinary people. If Salafis can do grass-
roots work, so should democratic forces. 
ASEF BAYAT is Professor of Sociology and Middle East Studies at 
the University of Illinois. He is the author, most recently, of Life as 
Politics: How Ordinary People Change the Middle East. 
EFTA00589278

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589279.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMENDED AND RESTATED DEMAND PROMISSORY NOTE 
$30,500,000.00 
April 14, 2017 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Plan D, LLC, a U.S. Virgin Islands 
limited liability company (the "Maker"), hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the 
order of BV70 LLC, a New York limited liability company with an address at do 
Elysium Management LLC, 445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401, New York, NY 10022 (the 
"Holder"), the principal amount of Thirty Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 
($30,500,000.00), together with interest on the unpaid principal balance at an initial rate 
per annum equal to the Federal short-term rate, as published by the Internal Revenue 
Service pursuant to Section 1275(d) of the Internal Revenue Code, compounded 
semiannually (the "Short-Term Rate") in effect for the month first above written. The 
interest rate on the unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be adjusted as of January 1 
and July 1 of each year to the Short-Term Rate in effect for such January and July, as the 
case may be. 
The unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all accrued interest thereon, shall 
be due and payable within two (2) business days of written demand therefor given by the 
Holder to the Maker. 
The unpaid principal balance of this Note and all accrued interest thereon may be 
prepaid, in full or in part, at any time or from time to time without premium or penalty. 
All payments of principal and interest hereunder shall be made in lawful money 
of the United States, in immediately available funds at do Elysium Management LLC, 
445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401, New York, NY 10022 (or at such other place as the 
Holder may designate in writing to the Maker). 
This Amended and Restated Demand Promissory Note (this "Note") reflects the 
amendment and restatement of an original Demand Promissory Note, dated March 30, 
2017, of the Maker payable to the Holder in the principal amount of Twenty-Two Million 
Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($22,500,000.00) (the "Original Note") to include the 
additional provisions set forth in that certain March 31, 2017 Amendment Number 1 to 
Promissory Note of Plan D, LLC, dated March 30, 2017, payable to the order of BV70 
LLC ("Amendment Number I"), an increase in the principal repayment obligation of the 
Maker to the Holder from Twenty-Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 
($22,500,000.00) to Thirty Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($30,000,000.00) and 
the adoption of certain additional provisions. This Note is not effective unless and until 
signed below by both the Maker and the Holder. Upon execution of this Note by both the 
Maker and the Holder, the Original Note, as amended by Amendment Number 1, 
automatically and without the requirement of any further writings, will be cancelled and 
deemed null and void. 
EFTA00589279
--- PAGE 2 ---
1. Events of Default. 
(a) 
If any of the following events shall occur during the term hereof, such 
events shall be deemed a default by the Maker hereunder (each an "Event of Default"): 
(i) 
The Maker shall have defaulted in the payment of principal or 
interest under this Note as and when the same shall have become due and payable in 
accordance with the terms hereof; or 
(ii) 
There shall have been entered any order, judgment or decree by a 
court of competent jurisdiction for relief in respect of the Maker under any applicable 
Federal or state bankruptcy law or similar law, or appointing a receiver, assignee or 
trustee of all or a substantial part of the Maker's property, assets or revenues; or 
(iii) 
The filing by the Maker of a petition or consent to a petition 
seeking relief under Title 11 of the United States Code, as now or hereafter constituted, 
or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or the 
consent by the Maker to the institution of proceedings thereunder or to the filing of any 
such petition or to the appointment or taking of possession by a receiver, liquidator, 
assignee, trustee or custodian, of any substantial part of the property, assets or revenues 
of the Maker, or the making by the Maker of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or 
the inability of the Maker to pay its debts as they become due and payable; or 
(iv) 
The earliest to occur of the cessation of activities in the ordinary 
course, the winding down and dissolution of the Maker. 
(b) 
In the case of an Event of Default, without any demand, presentment, 
protest or other notice whatsoever to the Maker, or other statutory or other rights of 
redemption, or any other action by the Holder, all of which are hereby expressly waived 
by the Maker, the unpaid principal amount hereof and all accrued interest shall become 
due and payable in full upon the occurrence of any such event and the Holder may 
exercise simultaneously or seriatim any or all of such other rights and remedies as may be 
lawfully permitted under Federal law or state law and any and all of the remedies of the 
Holder set forth herein. 
(c) 
All payments made hereunder shall first be applied to accrued interest and 
then to principal. 
2. 
Loss, Etc. of Note. 
Upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Maker of the loss, theft, 
destruction or mutilation of this Note, and of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the 
Maker, if lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated, the Maker shall execute and deliver to the 
Holder a new note identical in all respects to this Note. 
EFTA00589280
--- PAGE 3 ---
3. 
Collection Costs. 
In the event that it becomes necessary to enforce the provisions of this Note 
against the Maker in order to collect any amounts due hereunder, all costs, fees and 
expenses of such enforcement, including, without limitation, all attorneys fees and 
disbursements and all fees and disbursements of other professionals relating to the 
enforcement of any obligations under this Note, when incurred shall be deemed to be 
additions to principal and shall become immediately due and payable hereunder. 
4. 
Non-Waiver. 
The Maker hereby expressly waives presentment for payment, demand for 
payment, notice of dishonor, protest, notice of protest, notice of non-payment, and all 
lack of diligence or delays in collection or enforcement of this Note. The Holder may 
extend the time of payment of this Note, postpone the enforcement hereof, release any 
collateral securing this Note, or grant any other indulgences whatsoever without affecting 
or diminishing the Holder's rights under this Note, which rights are hereby expressly 
reserved. Any waiver of any provision hereof must be in writing. No failure on the part 
of the Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or privilege under 
this Note shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any 
right, power or privilege under this Note preclude any other or further exercise thereof or 
the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The remedies herein provided are 
cumulative and not exclusive of any and all other remedies provided by law. 
5. 
Succesors and Assigns. 
This Note is binding upon the Maker and its successors and assigns; provided, 
however, that the Maker shall not be entitled to assign or delegate any rights or 
obligations under this Note without the prior written consent of the Holder. The Maker 
hereby consents to the Holder's sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition at any time 
or times hereafter, of this Note, or any right or interest herein contained to any "affiliate" 
of the Holder. 
For purposes hereof, the term "affiliate" shall mean any person 
beneficially owning a majority of the ownership interests of the Holder or any entity 
beneficially owned by such person. Upon such permitted assignment, the permitted 
assignee shall have all of the rights of the Holder to enforce any of the provisions of this 
Note. The Maker agrees not to assert as against any such permitted assignee any claims, 
offsets, deductions or defenses it may have against the Holder for breach of this Note or 
otherwise. 
EFTA00589281
--- PAGE 4 ---
6. 
Amendment and Modification. 
This Note may be amended, modified or supplemented only by written agreement 
signed by the Holder and the Maker. 
7. 
No Right of Offset. The Maker agrees that it shall have no right to assert 
against the Holder any offset or deduction from any amount due and payable under this 
Note by reason of any right or claim against the Holder arising from any cause or 
circumstance whatsoever, whether previously existing or hereafter arising. 
8. 
The Maker's Due Authorization. The Maker hereby represents and 
warrants to the Holder that (a) the Maker has full power and authority to borrow the sum 
of Thirty Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($30,500,000.00) from BV70 LLC on 
the terms and conditions provided in the Note (the "Borrowing"), and to execute and 
deliver the Note to the Holder, (b) the Borrowing, and the execution and delivery of the 
Note by the Maker have been duly authorized by all necessary limited liability company 
action of the Maker, and (c) the Note has been duly executed and delivered by the Maker, 
and constitutes a valid, legal and binding obligation of the Maker, enforceable in 
accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and 
subject to general principles of equity. 
9. 
Notices.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered by 
personal delivery, reputable overnight courier service, certified mail (postage pre paid, 
return receipt requested), by email or by telecopy, as follows: 
If to the Maker: 
BV70 LLC 
Email: 
If to the Holder: 
Plan D. LLC 
Any party hereto may change the address to which notices, requests, demands and 
other communications to such party shall be given hereunder by giving notice thereof to 
the other party hereto in the manner herein provided. Notices shall be deemed given at 
the time they are delivered personally; if by overnight courier, the next business day 
EFTA00589282
--- PAGE 5 ---
following the delivery thereof to such courier (or such later date as is demonstrated by a 
bona fide receipt therefor); if given by certified mail (postage pre-paid, return receipt 
ar
tested), three days after deposit in the mail; or if given by email or facsimile prior to 6 
on a business day, on the business day on which the email or facsimile transmission 
is transmitted (receipt confirmed). 
10. 
Governing Law. 
THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE 
TO CONTRACTS TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY THEREIN, WITHOUT GIVING 
EFFECT TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS APPLICABLE THEREIN. 
11. 
Waiver of Jury Trial. 
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE MAKERS AND THE 
HOLDER HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY. 
12. 
Faxed and Scanned Signatures. 
Signatures of this Note transmitted by fax, or scanned and then transmitted by 
email transmission shall have the same effect as original signatures. 
PLAN D, LLC 
Maker 
Jeffrey Epstein, Sole Member 
On April 14, 2017, before me, the undersigned, personally appeared Jeffrey Epstein, 
personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the 
individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that 
he executed the same in his capacity as Sole Member of Plan D, LLC, a U.S. Virgin Islands 
limited liability company, and that by his signature on the instrument, Plan D, LLC executed 
the instrument. 
Notary Public 
EFTA00589283

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589284.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589284.pdf
----------------------------------------
AIR FLEET LEASING AND MANAGEMENT COMPANY, INC. 
PRESENTING FOR IMMEDIATE SALE 
Boeing 727-100REW "Super 27", Serial Number: 
SPECIFICATIONS 
Aircraft: 
Winglet Modification ("REW"): 
Engine Modification ("RE")*: 
Airframe Manufactured: 
Airframe Total Flight Time: 
Airframe Total Landing Cycles: 
Registration: 
Boeing 727-100REW (727-17) Executive 
ICAO Designation: R721 
1995 
1990 
1971 
31,705.1 hours (*since RE: 5,456 hours) 
17,297 cycles (*since RE: 1,637 cycles) 
Attention: Daniel E. Bart ion 
Initial: 04/08/11 
EFTA00589284
--- PAGE 2 ---
Boeing 727 Executive — 20512 
Page 2 
SPECIFICATIONS 
Engine Types: Pratt & Whitney #1, #3: JT8D-217C, #2: JT8D-9A 
Total Time (hrs) 
Total Cycles 
Engine #1 (SIN: 726125) 
5,456 
1,637 
Engine #2 (SIN: 674516) 
32,255 
44,954 
Engine #3 (SIN: 726124) 
5,456 
1,637 
Notes: engine disc information is available upon request. Engine HI and #3 AD 2003.16.05 (Amendment: 
39-13258) is next due July 2012. Engine #2 AD 2003.12.07 (Amendment: 39-13192) is next due April 
2014. AU airframe, engine and component times / cycles are current as of April 8, 2011 
APU Type: 
Garrett GTCP-85-98C (SIN: P22864) 
Total Time (hrs) 
Total Cycles 
Since HSI: 
2,837 
2,655 
Since new: 
5,125 
4,182 
Long-range Fuel System: (practical flight range with reserves: 8.0 hours) 
Main Airframe System: 
Boeing 
54,846 pounds 
8,186 gallons 
Auxiliary Fuel System: 
ATS 
16.750 pounds 
2.500 gallons 
Total 
71,596 pounds 
10,686 gallons 
Notes: the Boeing system is fitted with Volumetric Top Off (VTO) allowing higher capacity. The center 
tank is an integral type also allowing higher capacity than standard B-727-100s. The ATS Auxiliary Fuel 
System is a seven-tank system, which was modified and re-certified July 24, 2009 in accordance with Quiet 
Wing Technologies' STC: ST0224 ILA. The fuel system is in compliance with all FAA airworthiness 
requirements including the recent SFAR 88 (AD 2008.12.03). 
CERTIFICATIONS 
RVSM 
MNPS 
FM Immunity 
8.33 MHz Radio spacing 
RNP-5 
RNP-10 
AIRCRAFT WEIGHTS 
Max Taxi: 
175,000 
Basic Operating: 
104,000 
Max Takeoff: 
174,500 
Max Zero Fuel: 
123,500 
Max Landing 
142,500 
Empty Weight: 
101,284 
EFTA00589285
--- PAGE 3 ---
Boeing 727 Executive — 20512 
Page 3 
PASSENGER CABIN 
Forward Salon 
This designer interior was featured in Architectural Digest when it was installed in 1994 
and has been continuously maintained in its timeless classic style. Luxurious 
accommodations are provided for 28 passengers and are depicted in photographs 
throughout this brochure. The forward salon features a combination of divans and 
individual seating for twelve including a convertible cocktail / dining table between 
opposite three-place divans for casual or formal dining. Moving aft and servicing the 
forward salon is a unique buffet with storage cabinets beneath. Across from the well-
equipped gourmet galley is a serving bar with drawer and cabinet storage. A passageway 
leads further aft to the private stateroom and then on to the aft lounge. 
The stateroom features an extra long queen-size bed with generous built-in hanging and 
drawer storage. The private lavatory includes a large vanity area with more than ample 
storage. Video monitor, telephone, intercom and sound system round out the Stateroom 
amenities. 
The aft lounge accommodates sixteen in the following arrangement: one six-place club 
seating group with convertible cocktail / dining table, one two-place club seating group 
with table, and two opposite facing four-place L-shaped divans with two oval 
convenience tables. 
EFTA00589286
--- PAGE 4 ---
Boeing 727 Executive — 20512 
Page 4 
PASSENGER CABIN 
Rear lounge 
There are two galleys: forward (crew) and mid-cabin (main). The three lavatories are 
located forward, mid-cabin and aft. In-cabin baggage storage is conveniently located at 
the rear air-stair boarding area and forward vestibule. Large volume baggage stowage is 
located in the lower cargo bay with external access. There are eight (8) Aircraft 
Crewmember positions located on the flight deck for Captain, First Officer, Engineer and 
Observer; in the forward vestibule with bulkhead seats for two Cabin Attendants; and on 
the aft pressure bulkhead door for two Cabin Attendants. 
The overall decor features unique fabrics, exotic leather coverings and gold leaf accents. 
For further detail please refer to the photographs herein and the cabin layout drawing in 
Attachment "A." Additional photographs are available upon request. 
Business and entertainment items include: telephones - Iridium Satellite System with 
three handsets with intercom, three 110VA/C 60 Hz converters power the entertainment 
system, galley appliances and cabin outlets. There are three flat screen monitors 
dedicated to Airshow in salon, galley and lounge. The multifunction entertainment 
system for DVD, VHS, CD and XM Radio play on two projected 48-inch screens, one 
forward and one aft, the stateroom 15-inch monitor and on the custom stereo sound 
system. Lighting and comfort controls are at each seating group throughout the cabin and 
at the cabin attendant's location near the galley. 
EFTA00589287
--- PAGE 5 ---
Boeing 727 Executive — 20512 
Page 5 
FLIGHT DECK / AVIONICS 
Instrument Panel 
Communications: 
Navigation (VHF): 
Instrument Panel Display: 
Autopilot / Flight Director: 
Flight Management System: 
Long Range Navigation: 
Weather Radar: 
Transponder: 
TCAS II 
(2) Honeywell Primus 2 - VHF 
(1) Collins VHF-22B — VHF 
(2) Collins HF-628 with SELCAL 
(5) Honeywell Audio Panels (Primus 2) 
(1) Aircell Iridium— phone + ICS (3 phones) 
(1) Honeywell AFIS 
(2) Honeywell Primus2: 
VOR, ILS, DME, ADF, MICR 
(5) Tube EFIS - EDZ-805 
(2) Honeywell FMS FMZ 2000 
(1) Interface: Avionics Engineering Svs 
(2) Honeywell Flt Drctr Cmptrs FZ500 
(3) Honeywell IRS Laseref 
(2) Honeywell GPS 
(1) Honeywell Laser Trak w/ Display 
(1) Honeywell Primus P880 (color) 
(2) Honeywell — Mode S (enhanced) 
(1) Honeywell w/ change 7 
EFTA00589288
--- PAGE 6 ---
Boeing 727 Executive — 20512 
Page 6 
FLIGHT DECK / AVIONICS 
Enhanced Ground Prox. Warn: 
Air Data Computer (digital): 
Angle of Attack System: 
Radio Altimeters: 
Altimeters: 
Cockpit Voice Recorder: 
Digital Flight Data Recorder 
ELT System 
Altitude Alerter 
(1) Honeywell Mark VII 
(2) Honeywell AZ800 (RVSM) 
(1) Teledyne SLZ980S 
(2) Honeywell 
(2) Honeywell BA-141 
(1) Universal CVR-30A 
(1) Fairchild 
(1) Artex 406 MHz 
(1) Honeywell AL801 
OTHER AVIONIC ENHANCEMENTS 
BFGoodrich Stand-by: Horizon w/ LOC/GS 
Aerosonic Stand-by: Altimeter, Airspeed 
Thompson: (2) RMI w/ DME indication 
Skylight: Metric Altimeter 
Davtron: (3) digital clocks 
Saft: (2) Battery 40A/H (2) chrgrs 
EFTA00589289
--- PAGE 7 ---
Boeing 727 Executive — 20512 
Page 7 
AIRCRAFT CONDITION AND MAINTENANCE 
This Aircraft is efficiently maintained under the FAA approved Centurion Aircraft 
Maintenance Services MSG-3 program, which includes 24-month C-check intervals and 
progressive inspections for low utilization. The aircraft has been in continuous private 
use for the vast majority of its flight history with only two private owners. The Aircraft 
is currently in operation under FAA Pt. 91 M (Large Aircraft). 
Computer generated Due List Report and SB/AD status reports are available upon request 
for Airframe and Engines. 
Maintenance Notes: 
A-check 
Due: 
June 2011 
C-check 
Due: 
December 2011 
Landing Gear — Main L/R 
Due: 
January 2018 
Landing Gear — Nose 
Due: 
February 2014 
Exterior paint: 2004 (good serviceable condition) 
Other comments: Dual Battery System — SAFT 40 A/H 
*********************************************** 
Price: (please make cash offer for immediate sale) 
For further detail or explanation contact: 
Daniel E. Boyajian, President 
AIR FLEET LEASING AND MANAGEMENT COMPANY INC. 
TEL: 
Specifications are subject to verification upon inspection. The aircraft is subject to 
prior sale or withdrawal from the market. 
EFTA00589290
--- PAGE 8 ---
Boeing 727 Executive — 20512 
Page 8 
Attachment A 
CABIN LAYOUT PLAN 
ADDITIONAL PHOTOGRAPHS 
EFTA00589291

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589292.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 29, 2011 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley 
Re: Edwards adv. Epstein 
Dear Mr. Scarola: 
I have never personally observed Jeffrey Epstein in the presence of underage 
females. I do not believe you have any reasonable basis for believing that I have. 
If you claim to have "reason to believe," please provide me with any such reason. 
I am certain I can demonstrate to you that it is false. 
Sincerely, 
Alan M. Dershowitz 
EFTA00589292

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589293.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589293.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT: CMH/JJXC 12 January 2012 
JOINT VENTURE LETTER 
re) January 2012 
From: I.W.Osborne (HK) Limited of 
To: [Jacob Burda Investment Vehicle] of [.3, each being a "Party" and together being the 
"Parties" 
This letter sets out the arrangements between the Parties in the event of death or incapacity of 
either Ian Osborne or Jacob Burda (each being a "Director and together being the "Directors') 
or a deadlock situation (as defined below) in respect of Hedosophia Alpha Limited (the 
"Company"). 
1. 
Death: In the event of the death of one of the Directors, each Party agrees that: 
(A) 
the voting interest, in respect of the ordinary shares in the Company ("ordinary 
shares") held by the party connected with the deceased Director (the 
'Deceased Director Party"), will be exercisable by or on behalf of the other 
Party and will not be exercisable by or on behalf of any other person, including, 
but not limited to, the estate of the Deceased Director Party; and 
(B) 
the ownership (including the economic interest) of the ordinary shares held by 
the Deceased Director Party, will otherwise remain with the deceased Director 
Party. 
2. 
Incapacity: In the event of the incapacity of one of the Directors to carry out his 
responsibilities as shareholder or, as the case may be, director of the Company, each 
Party agrees that: 
(A) 
the voting interest, in respect of the ordinary shares in the Company held by 
party connected to the incapacitated Director (the 'Incapacitated Director 
Party"), will be exercisable by or on behalf of the other Party and will not be 
exercisable by or on behalf of any other person; and 
(B) 
the ownership (including the economic interest), of the ordinary shares held by 
the Incapacitated Director Party will otherwise remain with such Incapacitated 
Director Party. 
Incapacity of a Director shall mean that Director being certified by a registered medical 
practitioner who is treating such Director who gives a written opinion stating that such 
Incapacitated Director Party has become physically or mentally incapable of acting as a 
shareholder or director of the Company and may remain so for more than three months. 
3. 
Deadlock: 
(A) 
In the event that a proposal is made by one Party or Director at either a 
shareholders' meeting or board meeting of the Company to which the other 
Party or Director does not agree within [7] days of such proposal being made (in 
each case being a "deadlock situation"), the Parties agree to use all 
222758110076 CO 510769229 7 JJXC 020212:1844 
EFTA00589293
--- PAGE 2 ---
reasonable endeavours to resolve the relevant deadlock situation within 14 
days from the date which the deadlock situation arose. 
(B) 
If the Parties are unable to resolve the deadlock situation in accordance with 
paragraph 3(A) above, then (Jacob Burda Investment Vehicle] agrees to grant 
I.W.Osborne (HK) Limited (a company incorporated in Hong Kong with 
registration number 1581594) a right to purchase (the "call option") all ordinary 
shares not owned by it at a price per share calculated in accordance with 
paragraph 5 below. 
(C) 
The price per share for the call option will be calculated by determining: 
the cash held by the Company, excluding any loan capital provided by 
investors not yet invested or owing to investors and any investments 
held by the Company, less the liabilities of the Company including, but 
not limited to, the projected amount of expenses of the Company (the 
"Net Cash Value"); and 
(ii) 
the value of: (a) the most recent issue of new shares by, or sale of 
existing shares in, the companies in which the Company has invested 
and continues to hold shares (the Investments") which, subsequent to 
each such investment made, was in respect of no less than 0.5 per 
cent. of the issued share capital of the company concerned (being, for 
each investment, its "valuation"); or (b) in the event that an investment 
did not have a valuation, the most recent issue of new shares by, or 
sale of existing shares in, such investment(s), (such aggregate amounts 
being the "Investments Amount"), 
and the price per share for the call option will be 100 per cent. of the Net Cash 
Value plus 30 per cent. of the Investments Amount, with the Investments 
Amount being reduced by the amount of capital provided to the Company by 
investors less any amounts of capital returned to investors (the "Capital 
Amount"), as expressed in the formula below: 
Net Cash Value + 0.3 x (Investments Amount — Capital Amount) 
4. 
Law: This letter is governed by and construed in accordance with English law. The 
Parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in connection with all 
proceedings and disputes arising in connection with this letter (including non-contractual 
proceedings and disputes). 
Please sign below to acknowledge your acceptance of these terms. 
Yours sincerely, 
For I.W.Osborne (HK) 
Limited by 
Ian Osborne, Director 
222758110076 CO 510769229 7 JJXC 020212:1844 
EFTA00589294
--- PAGE 3 ---
Accepted: 
For (Jacob Burda 
Investment Vehicle] by 
Jacob Burda, Director 
222756/10076 CA 510769229 7 JJXC 0202121844 
EFTA00589295

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589296.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589296.pdf
----------------------------------------
Draft 12.01.2012 CMH/JJXC 
INVESTMENT LETTER 
To: 
Hedosophia Alpha Limited 
We (the "Investor") agree to transfer to Hedosophia Alpha Limited (the "Company') the amount 
set out below for investment on the following terms: 
Investment amount: The investor will transfer to the Company US$(•] million in immediately 
available cleared funds on the date of signature of this document into the bank account of the 
Company which will be advised to the investor on signature. 
We anticipate the Company will enter into investment letters with up to [five] other investors 
("Investors") over the next 30 days such that the Company will have funds for investment of 
between US$50 to 80 million. 
Investment proposition: The Company will seek to invest its funds in holding the equity 
securities of privately-held consumer intemet companies (-Investments") as determined by the 
board of the Company. It is intended that the funds will have been fully invested within six 
months. To the extent any funds have not been invested by 31 January 2013 (the "final 
investment date"), they will be repaid promptly to Investors in proportion to the amounts they 
transferred to the Company (-investment proportions"). 
No gambling or alcohol related investments may be made by the Company. 
Return on Investments: Until the full investment amount transferred to the Company by the 
Investor and other Investors has been repaid (pad passu as between all such Investors), all 
distributions and sales proceeds from Investments will be applied in repayment to paid to all 
Investors in their investment proportions promptly upon receipt by the Company in respect of 
each Investment. 
Thereafter, 70 per cent. of all distributions and sales proceeds from 
Investments will be paid to all Investors in their investment proportions promptly upon receipt by 
the Company in respect of each Investment, and the remaining 30 per cent. will be retained by 
the Company. 
If the Company holds any Investment on 31 January 2017 (the "termination date"), the securities 
comprising that Investment will be transferred to all Investors in their investment proportions on 
the following basis: (1) to the extent applicable on the termination date, remaining Investment(s) 
securities will be so transferred to all Investors until the full investment amounts originally 
transferred by them have been repaid; (2) thereafter, 70 per cent. of the remaining 
Investment(s) securities will be so transferred to all Investors, and 30 per cent. will be retained 
by the Company; and (3) for these purposes, the Company will determine the value of the 
remaining Investment(s) using (i) the price of the most recent issue of new securities or sale of 
existing securities subsequent to, and comprising, that Investment which was in respect of no 
less than 0.5 per cent. of the issued share capital of the company concerned (being, for each 
Investment, its "valuation"), or (ii) in the event that an Investment did not have a valuation, the 
22275&10076 CD 510774411 9 CPAll 020212:1844 
EFTA00589296
--- PAGE 2 ---
price of the most recent issue of new securities or sale of existing securities comprising that 
Investment. 
Restrictions on investments by Directors: The Company will be owned and managed by Ian 
Osborne and Jacob Burda (the "Directors") as a 50/50 joint venture company. Until the funds of 
the Company have been fully invested (or, if later, the final investment date), neither of the 
Directors, or any entity with which he is connected, shall make any Investment except through 
the Company. This restriction shall not apply: (1) to any passive investments the Directors 
make in other third party managed funds investing in the internet sector; or (2) any share-based 
remuneration received for advisory or consultancy services given by any entity with which any 
Director is connected. 
No fees/expenses: No funds provided by any Investor will be used to meet any expenses of 
the Company, other than transaction costs in respect of making or realising Investments. These 
expenses will be met through funds provided to the Company by its shareholders. 
No 
management or other investment advisory fee will be paid by the Company to any person. 
Reporting obligations: The Company will provide to the Investors: (1) annual reports with 
details of the Investments made and the financial position of the Company; and (2) quarterly 
letters giving information in respect of the Investments. 
Transfer terms: The transfer of the investment amount shall constitute the advance of a loan 
by the Investor to the Company. This loan shall be unsecured, bear no interest, carry no voting 
rights or proprietary rights in the capital of the Company, and shall only be repayable on the 
terms of this document if and to the extent that the company receives distributions and/or sale 
proceeds from Investments or, after the termination date, by means of repayment in kind 
through the transfer of securities comprising Investments. The Investor will not be entitled to 
demand repayment of the investment amount in any other circumstances and hereby agrees 
that it will not exercise any right to do so. 
Law: This document is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the law of 
England. The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising 
out of or in connection with this document. 
From: 
Agreed: 
(Investor's full name in block capitals) 
Hedosophia Alpha Limited 
By: 
Director 
By: 
Authorised signatory 
Address: 
Email: 
Date: 
 2012 
22275&10076 CD 510774411 9 CiAll 020212:1844 
EFTA00589297

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589298.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589298.pdf
----------------------------------------
Edwards 
Rotorcraft 
Solutions. 
Inc. 
February 2•d, 2012 
Reference; Bell 430 s/n; 49078 
The above referenced aircraft was visually inspected on the interior and exterior on Monday 30th, 
January 2012 on location in Farnborough, England with an engine run up performed without 
main rotor or tail rotor blades installed. The aircraft and engines have 1660.0 hours total time. 
The last recorded power assurance check was noted to be performed in 2009 although no 
numbers were available. A power assurance check was not performed at this check due to the 
lack of blades installed. 
The No. 1 and No. 2 engines were noted to be approximately 50 operating hours since the 
completion of a 1750 hour inspection and replacement of the No.1 and No. 2 stage turbine 
wheels. No evidence of leakage from the engines was apparent before or after the ground run. 
One tail rotor blade was removed for debonding and had been placed as beyond repair by RBL. 
Whether a replacement tail rotor blade was available was not clearly ascertained. 
Both Main rotor driveshafts are due for 5000 hour / 5 year overhaul and the couplings were noted 
to have been repaired at the last inspection dated Mid 2009. 
All tail rotor driveshaft hangar bearings are due 3 year replacement. 
All calendar inspections inclusive to 5 years are due at this time. 
The records indicated a mast overspeed and overtorque in 2001 / 2002 to a minor degree. All 
inspections required are subsequently recorded. 
The landing gear has not been cycled since 2009. 
The hydraulic servo actuators require the compliance of BHT ASB430-10-44 and applicable AD. 
There were no indications of major damage or a history of major conditional inspection 
requirements. The aircraft was in reasonably good physical condition for an airframe that has not 
flown in almost 3 years. The FBO informed me that the aircraft was ground run every month. 
The ground run performed at this time showed no noted discrepancies. 
Sincerely 
Christopher M. Gray 
Chief Inspector 
Edwards Rotorcraft Solutions, Inc. 
EFTA00589298

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589299.pdf
----------------------------------------
GOVERNMENT OF 
THE UNEED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
OFFICE OF THE LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR 
DIVISION OF BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT 
I 105 King Dreel • Chrislionslect nip Islands 00820 • 340.7716449 • 
ILL Kon0ens Gods • Chmlolle Amok.. %Amin WOMIS 00802 • 340174.2291 • 
CREDIT CARD AUTHORIZATION FORM 
PLEASE PRINT OUT AND COMPLETE THIS AUTHORIZATION AND RETURN IT TO 
OUR OFFICE BY FAX: (340) 776-5039 OR BY REGULAR MAIL. (Please provide a copy of 
your personal identification e.g. driver's license or passport) 
Date: March 20.2015 
Cardholder Name: 
Contact Number :  
- 
- 
 Email: 
Signature:  
Billing Address: 
Credit Card Type: 
K VISA K MASTERCARD K ATM/ATH CARD 
Credit Card Number: 
Expiration Date: 
/ 
Card Identification Number (last 3 digits located on the back of the credit card): 
Amount Charged: 22 303.07 (USD) 
Apply Amount to: 2014 Property Taxes - Parcel 1-09803-0101-00 
EFTA00589299

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589300.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589300.pdf
----------------------------------------
LEON BLACK 
AS 
GRANTOR 
TO 
LEON BLACK 
AND 
MELANIE SPINELLA 
AS 
TRUSTEES 
OF 
THE J. BLACK TRUST 
DATED JANUARY 
, 2014 
EFTA00589300
--- PAGE 2 ---
TRUST AGREEMENT dated January 
, 2014 by and among 
LEON BLACK, as Grantor, and LEON BLACK and MELANIE SPINELLA, as 
Trustees. 
FIRST 
Transfer to Trustees 
The Grantor hereby transfers to the Trustees, IN TRUST, and the 
Trustees hereby acknowledge receipt of, the assets and property listed in Schedule 
A hereto, and the Trustees acknowledge that the Grantor may transfer additional 
assets and property to the Trust, to be held on the terms and conditions set forth in 
this Trust Agreement. Said assets and property and all investments and 
reinvestments thereof, and all proceeds thereof which constitute principal, and any 
assets and property hereafter transferred to the Trust, are hereinafter collectively 
called "principal." 
SECOND 
Definitions 
Wherever used in this Trust Agreement: 
A. 
The word "Trustees" and all references to the Trustees shall 
mean and refer to the Trustees hereinbefore named and any additional or successor 
EFTA00589301
--- PAGE 3 ---
Trustees or Trustee, as may be acting hereunder from time to time and shall be 
construed in the masculine, feminine or neuter and in the singular or plural, 
whichever is consistent with the facts prevailing at any given time. 
B. 
The words "IN TRUST" shall mean "'in trust, nevertheless, to 
hold, manage, invest and reinvest, and, until payment thereof as hereinafter 
directed, to receive the income thereof." 
C. 
The word "pay" shall, where applicable, mean "convey, transfer 
and pay" and the word "payment" shall, where applicable, mean "conveyance, 
transfer and payment." 
D. 
The word "Trust" shall mean the trust created under this Trust 
Agreement. 
E. 
The words "Code" and "Internal Revenue Code" shall mean 
and refer to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the same shall have been 
amended from time to time. 
THIRD 
Dispositive Provisions 
A. 
The Trustees, in their complete and uncontrolled discretion are 
authorized to distribute any part or all of the income or principal of the Trust 
(either outright or in further trust, upon such terms and conditions as the Trustees, 
EFTA00589302
--- PAGE 4 ---
acting jointly, shall determine in their sole and absolute discretion) to any one or 
more persons then living from a class consisting of: 
1. 
All family members of the Grantor, whether by blood 
relationship, adoptive relationship or marital relationship, including, without 
limitation (a) the Grantor's spouse, (b) the ancestors of the Grantor or the 
Grantor's spouse, (c) the lineal descendants of the Grantor, the Grantor's spouse, 
or the ancestors of the Grantor or the Grantor's spouse, and (d) the spouse of any 
such lineal descendants. For purposes of this clause Al of this Article THIRD, 
relations created by adoption or marriage, including, without limitation, step 
relations, shall be considered family members; 
2. 
All persons or entities that at any time heretofore have 
been recipients of gifts from the Grantor, the Grantor's spouse or any trusts created 
by the Grantor or the Grantor's spouse; and 
3. 
The following individuals: [LIST PARTICULAR 
INVIDUALS WHO GRANTOR DESIRES TO INCLUDE AS 
BENEFICIARIES]; 
in such amounts and proportions and to the exclusion of any one or more of them 
as the Trustees, acting jointly, may determine. This power of distribution shall 
include the power to distribute all of the Trust assets, thereby terminating the Trust. 
EFTA00589303
--- PAGE 5 ---
B. 
The foregoing notwithstanding, the Trustees (other than Leon 
Black) then acting (including the case where only one such Trustee other than 
Leon Black is then serving), acting jointly (or singly in the case of only one 
Trustee then acting), shall have the right, during the lifetime of the Grantor, to 
delete or add beneficiaries under this Article THIRD by an acknowledged 
instrument delivered to the Grantor, provided that neither (1) the Grantor, nor (2) 
any Trustee then acting, nor (3) any member of the family, the estate, the creditors 
or the creditors of the estate of any Trustee may be added as a beneficiary under 
this Trust. 
C. 
The Trustees shall not be accountable to any Court or any 
person regarding the exercise or nonexercise of this completely discretionary 
authority. Any income not distributed may be added to principal. 
D. 
Unless terminated by the Trustees at an earlier date, this Trust 
shall terminate twenty-one years after the death of the last lineal descendant of the 
Grantor now in being, and any undistributed income and remaining principal will 
be distributed to any of the then surviving beneficiaries of this Trust as the 
Trustees shall determine, in such amounts and proportions and to the exclusion of 
any one or more of them as the Trustees, acting jointly, may determine. 
E. 
The Trust created pursuant to this Trust Agreement may be 
referred to as "THE J. BLACK TRUST." 
EFTA00589304
--- PAGE 6 ---
FOURTH 
Governing Law: Claims or Charges Against Grantor or his Estate 
A. 
This Trust Agreement and the trust created by it shall in all 
respects and for all purposes be governed and regulated by the laws of the State of 
New York as they now exist and may from time to time be enacted, amended, or 
repealed. All questions regarding the validity, construction, and administration of 
this trust instrument, or any of its provisions, and of this trust shall be determined 
solely by the laws of the State of New York. 
B. 
No portion of the income or principal of the Trust shall be 
liable for the payment of any taxes, liabilities, debts or any other claims or charges 
against the Grantor or the estate of the Grantor. 
FIFTH 
Trustees 
A. 
In the event that Melanie Spinella shall hereafter be unwilling, 
unable or unavailable to continue serving as Trustee, Thomas Turrin is hereby 
designated as her successor Trustee. In addition, each of the Trustees, acting 
singly, or the Grantor, is authorized to designate, at any time and from time to 
time, one or more additional or successor Trustees of the Trust by a written 
instrument duly acknowledged by the person designating such additional or 
successor Trustees. 
EFTA00589305
--- PAGE 7 ---
B. 
Designations shall be in writing and may be revoked by a 
written instrument duly acknowledged by the person making such designation at 
any time prior to the qualification of the Trustee so designated. 
C. 
Any Trustee may resign by giving notice to take effect on the 
date specified in said notice, except that if the resigning Trustee is the last acting 
Trustee, and no successor designated pursuant to the provisions of this Article is 
available to succeed him or her, then his or her resignation shall not be effective 
until he or she designates a successor and such successor qualifies to act. 
D. 
A Trustee may resign or qualify only by a written instrument, 
duly acknowledged by the resigning Trustee, mailed or delivered to a Trustee then 
acting, or if none, to his or her successor, in the case of a resignation, or in any 
case to the Grantor. 
E. 
The Grantor shall have the power at any time and from time to 
time to remove any Trustee of the Trust by a written instrument, duly 
acknowledged by the Grantor, mailed or delivered to the Trustees then acting, and 
such removal shall be effective on the date specified in such written instrument, or 
if no date is specified, on the date of such mailing or delivery. 
F. 
If the last remaining Trustee dies, is unable to or unwilling to 
continue to act as Trustee of the Trust and if there is no successor Trustee 
designated pursuant to Section A of this Article FIFTH who is willing to act, the 
EFTA00589306
--- PAGE 8 ---
Grantor shall designate a successor by an instrument in writing, duly 
acknowledged by the Grantor. In the event the Grantor shall be unwilling, unable 
or unavailable to so designate a successor Trustee, the legally competent adult 
Beneficiary (or a majority in beneficial interest of the legally competent adult 
Beneficiaries if there are multiple Beneficiaries) then entitled or permitted to 
receive income from such trust shall designate a successor Trustee by an 
instrument in writing delivered to the designated Trustee. If the legally competent 
adult Beneficiaries do not designate a successor Trustee within sixty days after 
receipt of notice of such vacancy or if there is no legally competent adult 
Beneficiary of such trust, then a successor Trustee shall be named by order of a 
court of competent jurisdiction. All of the fees and expenses of the Trustees 
(including attorneys' fees) attributable to the appointment of a successor Trustee of 
this Trust shall be paid from the assets of this Trust. 
G. 
Anything 
contained 
in 
the 
foregoing 
provisions 
notwithstanding, no person who is a person described in Section 672(c) of the 
Code, in relation to the Grantor, shall hereafter be appointed as an additional 
Trustee or a successor Trustee of the Trust. 
H. 
No Trustee at any time acting hereunder shall be required to 
give any bond, undertaking or other security for the faithful performance of his or 
her duties in any jurisdiction. 
EFTA00589307
--- PAGE 9 ---
SIXTH 
Settlement of Trustees' Accounts: Exoneration of Trustees 
A. 
The Trustees shall not be required to file with or render to any 
Court, and the Grantor waives and excuses the filing with or rendering to any 
Court of, an account of their transactions with respect to the Trust or of 
inventories, accounts, statements or reports of principal and/or income in respect of 
the Trust. Nevertheless, the Trustees may at any time and from time to time render 
an account of their transactions with respect to the Trust. The Grantor shall have 
full power to settle finally any such account or to waive the same, and on the basis 
of such account or waiver, to release the Trustees, individually, and as Trustees, 
from all accountability, liability and responsibility for their acts or omissions as 
Trustees. Any such settlement and release or waiver and release shall be binding 
upon all persons, whether or not then in being, then or thereafter interested in 
either the income or the principal of the Trust and shall have the force and effect of 
a final decree, judgment or order of a court of competent jurisdiction rendered in 
an appropriate action or proceeding for the judicial settlement of such an account 
in which action or proceeding jurisdiction was obtained over all necessary and 
proper parties. 
The expenses of any such accounting shall be a proper 
administration expense of the Trust payable from principal or income of the Trust, 
or partly from each, as the Trustees, in their discretion, shall determine. The 
EFTA00589308
--- PAGE 10 ---
foregoing provision, however, shall not preclude the Trustees from having their 
accounts judicially settled, if they shall so desire, and the expenses of a judicial 
accounting shall be a proper administration expense of the Trust payable from 
principal. 
B. 
If any Trustee shall resign as a Trustee hereunder, the 
continuing Trustee or Trustees may deliver to the Trustee so resigning, an 
instrument whereby such resigning Trustee shall be released and discharged, to the 
extent stated therein, of and from any and all accountability, liability and 
responsibility for acts or omissions as Trustee. Any such release and discharge 
shall be binding upon all persons, whether or not then in being, then or thereafter 
interested in either the income or the principal of the Trust and shall have the force 
and effect of a final decree, judgment or order of a court of competent jurisdiction 
rendered in an appropriate action or proceeding for the judicial settlement of the 
account of such Trustee, in which action or proceeding jurisdiction was obtained 
over all necessary and proper parties. The foregoing provision, however, shall not 
preclude any Trustee so resigning from having his, her or its account judicially 
settled. The expenses of any judicial accounting rendered by a Trustee who shall 
resign shall be a proper administration expense of the Trust payable from principal. 
C. 
In addition to the foregoing, the Trustees are hereby authorized, 
at any time and from time to time, with respect to the Trust, to settle the accounts 
EFTA00589309
--- PAGE 11 ---
of the Trustees by agreement between or among the Trustees and the then adult 
beneficiary of the income and the beneficiary or beneficiaries who would be 
entitled to the principal in case the Trust was to terminate at the time of such 
agreement, excluding any who are then incompetent, which agreement shall bind 
all persons, whether or not then in being, then or thereafter interested in either the 
income or the principal of the Trust. Any such settlement shall have the force and 
effect of a final decree, judgment or order of a court of competent jurisdiction 
rendered in an appropriate action or proceeding for the judicial settlement of such 
account, in which action or proceeding jurisdiction was obtained over all necessary 
and proper parties. 
The expenses of any such account shall be a proper 
administration expense of the Trust payable from principal or income of the Trust, 
or partly from each, as the Trustees, in their discretion, shall determine. 
D. 
No Trustee shall be accountable, liable or responsible for any 
act, default, negligence or omission of any other Trustee. 
E. 
No Trustee acting hereunder shall be liable for any loss or 
damage which may occur hereunder, unless due to willful default, deliberate 
wrongdoing or willful violation of an express provision hereof. 
EFTA00589310
--- PAGE 12 ---
SEVENTH 
Administrative Powers 
A. 
In addition to and in amplification of the powers given by law 
to trustees, each Trustee, acting singly, but solely in his or her fiduciary capacity, is 
hereby authorized and empowered, in his or her discretion: 
1. 
To hold any part or all of the assets of the Trust invested 
in the same form of property in which the same shall be invested when received by 
the Trustees, and invest and reinvest the assets of the Trust, or any portion thereof, 
in any form of investment which the Trustees may determine. 
2. 
To acquire, buy, sell, contract to buy, contract to sell, sell 
short, buy on margin, exchange, engage in risk arbitrage transactions with respect 
to, and trade in stocks (common or preferred), bonds, notes., obligations (secured 
or unsecured), securities of open-end and closed-end investment companies and 
common trust funds, other securities (issued or to be issued), commodities, futures, 
options, executory contracts for the purchase or sale of securities and commodities, 
mortgages, and other property, real or personal, of any kind, whether similar or 
dissimilar to that specifically enumerated above, and interests in any of the 
foregoing, without being bound by any provision of law restricting investments by 
trustees, and without regard to any principles of diversification. 
EFTA00589311
--- PAGE 13 ---
3. 
To purchase, sell or exercise conversion, subscription and 
other rights, and warrants, puts, calls, straddles, and other options, to make 
payments in connection therewith and to sell naked options, whether calls or puts, 
and to deal in other financial instruments. 
4. 
To make any authorized transaction for cash or on credit 
or partly for cash and partly on credit, with or without security, or partly or wholly 
with borrowed funds. 
5. 
To invest in and to become a member of, any partnership, 
limited liability company or joint venture, to comply with all the terms and 
provisions of every partnership, limited liability company and joint venture relating 
to any investment at any time held by them, and to vote, execute consents, exercise 
all rights and take such other action with respect to any partnership, limited 
liability company or joint venture as they, in their discretion, deem advisable. 
6. 
To lease, for such periods (whether or not any such 
period shall extend beyond the period prescribed by law or the probable term of the 
Trust), on such terms and conditions and at such time or times as the Trustees shall 
determine, the whole or any portion or portions of any property, real or personal, 
which may at any time form part of the Trust, whether the same be held in 
severally or as tenant-in common with others or in a partnership, syndicate or joint 
venture or otherwise, and release and convey any undivided interest in any such 
EFTA00589312
--- PAGE 14 ---
property for the purpose of effecting partition of the whole or any part thereof, to 
make, place, extend or renew mortgages, pledges, building loan agreements or 
building loan mortgages upon or affecting any and all such property; and make, 
execute and deliver such mortgages, pledges and agreements, together with proper 
bonds, notes or other instruments of indebtedness to accompany the same, and 
such extension or renewal agreements, as the Trustees shall deem best; to repair, 
alter, reconstruct, build upon or improve any such property and on such terms and 
at such time or times as the Trustees shall determine, give and grant to others the 
right so to do, or agree in, or so modify any lease affecting any such property that 
the lessee may alter, repair, reconstruct, build upon, improve, mortgage and pledge 
any such property; and generally to make, alter and modify all agreements, leases, 
mortgages, pledges, building loans, sales, exchanges, transfers and conveyances of 
or affecting any such property which the Trustees shall determine to be necessary, 
advisable or proper for the preservation, improvement, enhancement in value of, or 
betterment of or addition to, such property. 
7. 
To vote, in person or by proxy, all stocks and other 
securities held by the Trust; to grant, exercise or sell rights to subscribe to stock 
and securities and options of any nature; to amortize or refrain from amortizing 
premiums on bonds or other securities which the Trustees may purchase or receive; 
to participate in reorganizations, mergers, liquidations or dissolutions, and 
EFTA00589313
--- PAGE 15 ---
contribute to the expense of, and deposit securities with protective committees in 
connection therewith; to participate in voting trusts; and generally exercise, in 
respect of said stock and securities, all rights, powers and privileges which may be 
lawfully exercised by any person owning similar property in his own right. 
8. 
To employ any investment counsel, corporate custodians, 
agents, accountants, brokers and attorneys which the Trustees may select and pay 
the charges thereof, and the Trustees, or a partnership, corporation or other entity 
in which any Trustee shall be interested, or by which any Trustee may be 
employed, may be retained in any such capacity, and, in such event, the charges 
which shall be payable to such Trustee, or to any such partnership, corporation or 
other entity, shall be in addition to commissions or compensation otherwise 
allowable to such Trustee and may be paid without prior judicial approval. 
9. 
In any case in which the Trustees are authorized or 
required to pay or distribute any share of the Trust, to make such payment or 
distribution in kind, or in cash or partly in each and, in connection therewith, to 
allocate equal or unequal interests in, or amounts of, specific property in 
satisfaction of such payment or distribution. 
10. 
To settle, adjust, compromise or submit to arbitration any 
dispute, claim or controversy in which the Trust may be in any way interested. 
EFTA00589314
--- PAGE 16 ---
11. 
To borrow money from any person, partnership, 
corporation or other entity. for the purpose of meeting any and all charges against 
the Trust or for any other purpose connected with the administration, preservation, 
improvement or enhancement in value of the Trust, and, in connection with any 
such borrowing, to pledge, hypothecate or mortgage any part or all of the assets of 
the Trust. 
12. 
To keep any or all of the securities at any time forming a 
part of the Trust in the name of one or more nominees. 
13. 
In any case where doubt or uncertainty exists under 
applicable law or this Trust Agreement, to (i) credit receipts to principal or income, 
or partly to each and (ii) charge expenses against principal or income, or partly 
against each. 
14. 
By instrument or instruments signed by all of the 
Trustees qualified and acting as such at any time, to delegate, in whole or in part, 
to any person or persons (including any one or more of the Trustees) the authority 
and power to (i) sign checks, drafts or orders for the payment or withdrawal of 
funds from any account in which funds of the Trust hereunder shall be deposited, 
(ii) endorse for sale, transfer or delivery, or sell, transfer or deliver, or purchase or 
otherwise acquire, any and all stocks, stock warrants, stock rights, bonds or other 
securities whatsoever, and (iii) gain access to any safe deposit box which may be in 
EFTA00589315
--- PAGE 17 ---
the names of the Trustees and remove part or all of the contents of any such safe 
deposit box and release and surrender the same. 
15. 
To remove the assets of the Trust to, or hold and 
administer any such assets in, such location or locations within or without the State 
of New York as any Trustee, in his or her discretion, shall select. 
16. 
To make, or retain from making, elections permitted 
under any applicable tax law, without regard to the effect of any such election on 
the interest of any beneficiary of the Trust and, if any such election shall be made, 
to apportion, or refrain from apportioning, any benefits thereof among the 
respective interests of the beneficiaries of the Trust, all in such manner as any 
Trustee shall deem appropriate. 
17. 
To exercise all authority, powers, privileges and 
discretion, conferred in this Article after the termination of the Trust created under 
this Trust Agreement and until all of the assets of the Trust are fully distributed. 
B. 
No person or party dealing with any of the Trustees shall be 
bound to see to the application of any money or other consideration paid by them 
to any of the Trustees. 
C. 
Neither the principal nor the income of the Trust or any part 
thereof, shall or may at any time be liable or subject in any matter whatsoever to 
the debts or liabilities of any beneficiary entitled to receive any principal or income 
EFTA00589316
--- PAGE 18 ---
therefrom, nor shall the principal or income of the Trust be liable to attachment by 
garnishment proceedings or other legal process issued by any creditor of any 
beneficiary of the Trust for debts heretofore or hereafter contracted by such 
beneficiary; nor shall any assignment, conveyance, charge, encumbrance or order, 
either of principal or income, given by any such beneficiary be valid. 
EIGHTH 
IRREVOCABILITY, SEVERABILTY, COUNTERPARTS 
A. 
This Trust Agreement and the Trust created hereunder are 
irrevocable. Neither the Grantor nor any other person shall have the right to alter, 
amend, revoke or terminate this Trust Agreement or the Trust created hereunder. 
B. 
Should any part, clause, provision or condition of this Trust 
Agreement be held to be void or invalid, then such voidance or invalidity shall not 
affect any other part, clause, provision or condition hereof, but the remainder of 
this Trust Agreement shall be effective as though such void or invalid part, clause, 
provision or condition had not been contained herein. 
C. 
This Trust Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of 
which shall be an original, but together which shall constitute one instrument. 
EFTA00589317
--- PAGE 19 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor and the Trustees have 
executed this Trust Agreement on the day and year first above written. 
LEON BLACK, Grantor 
LEON BLACK, Trustee 
MELANIE SPINELLA, Trustee 
EFTA00589318
--- PAGE 20 ---
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) 
)ss.: 
) 
On the 
day of January in the year 2014, before me, the undersigned, 
personally appeared LEON BLACK, personally known to me or proved to me on 
the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to 
the within instrument as Grantor and Trustee, who acknowledged to me that he 
executed the same in his individual capacity, and that by his signature on the 
instrument, the individual or the person upon behalf of which the individual acted, 
executed the instrument. 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
Notary Public 
) 
)ss.: 
) 
On the 
day of January in the year 2014, before me, the undersigned, 
personally appeared MELANIE SPINELLA, personally known to me or proved to 
me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is 
subscribed to the within instrument as Trustee, who acknowledged to me that she 
executed the same in her individual capacity, and that by her signature on the 
instrument, the individual or the person upon behalf of which the individual acted, 
executed the instrument. 
Notary Public 
EFTA00589319
--- PAGE 21 ---
SCHEDULE A 
EFTA00589320

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589321.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589321.pdf
----------------------------------------
LEON BLACK 
AS 
GRANTOR 
TO 
LEON BLACK 
AND 
MELANIE SPINELLA 
AS 
TRUSTEES 
OF 
THE J. BLACK TRUST 
DATED JANUARY 
, 2014 
EFTA00589321
--- PAGE 2 ---
TRUST AGREEMENT dated January 
, 2014 by and among 
LEON BLACK, as Grantor, and LEON BLACK and MELANIE SPINELLA, as 
Trustees. 
FIRST 
Transfer to Trustees 
The Grantor hereby transfers to the Trustees, IN TRUST, and the 
Trustees hereby acknowledge receipt of, the assets and property listed in Schedule 
A hereto, and the Trustees acknowledge that the Grantor may transfer additional 
assets and property to the Trust, to be held on the terms and conditions set forth in 
this Trust Agreement. Said assets and property and all investments and 
reinvestments thereof, and all proceeds thereof which constitute principal, and any 
assets and property hereafter transferred to the Trust, are hereinafter collectively 
called "principal." 
SECOND 
Definitions 
Wherever used in this Trust Agreement: 
A. 
The word "Trustees" and all references to the Trustees shall 
mean and refer to the Trustees hereinbefore named and any additional or successor 
EFTA00589322
--- PAGE 3 ---
Trustees or Trustee, as may be acting hereunder from time to time and shall be 
construed in the masculine, feminine or neuter and in the singular or plural, 
whichever is consistent with the facts prevailing at any given time. 
B. 
The words "IN TRUST" shall mean "'in trust, nevertheless, to 
hold, manage, invest and reinvest, and, until payment thereof as hereinafter 
directed, to receive the income thereof." 
C. 
The word "pay" shall, where applicable, mean "convey, transfer 
and pay" and the word "payment" shall, where applicable, mean "conveyance, 
transfer and payment." 
D. 
The word "Trust" shall mean the trust created under this Trust 
Agreement. 
E. 
The words "Code" and "Internal Revenue Code" shall mean 
and refer to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the same shall have been 
amended from time to time. 
THIRD 
Dispositive Provisions 
A. 
The Trustees, in their complete and uncontrolled discretion are 
authorized to distribute any part or all of the income or principal of the Trust 
(either outright or in further trust, upon such terms and conditions as the Trustees, 
EFTA00589323
--- PAGE 4 ---
acting jointly, shall determine in their sole and absolute discretion) to any one or 
more persons then living from a class consisting of: 
1. 
All family members of the Grantor, whether by blood 
relationship, adoptive relationship or marital relationship, including, without 
limitation (a) the Grantor's spouse, (b) the ancestors of the Grantor or the 
Grantor's spouse, (c) the lineal descendants of the Grantor, the Grantor's spouse, 
or the ancestors of the Grantor or the Grantor's spouse, and (d) the spouse of any 
such lineal descendants. For purposes of this clause Al of this Article THIRD, 
relations created by adoption or marriage, including, without limitation, step 
relations, shall be considered family members; 
2. 
All persons or entities that at any time heretofore have 
been recipients of gifts from the Grantor, the Grantor's spouse or any trusts created 
by the Grantor or the Grantor's spouse; and 
3. 
The following individuals: [LIST PARTICULAR 
INVIDUALS WHO GRANTOR DESIRES TO INCLUDE AS 
BENEFICIARIES]; 
in such amounts and proportions and to the exclusion of any one or more of them 
as the Trustees, acting jointly, may determine. This power of distribution shall 
include the power to distribute all of the Trust assets, thereby terminating the Trust. 
EFTA00589324
--- PAGE 5 ---
B. 
The foregoing notwithstanding, the Trustees (other than Leon 
Black) then acting (including the case where only one such Trustee other than 
Leon Black is then serving), acting jointly (or singly in the case of only one 
Trustee then acting), shall have the right, during the lifetime of the Grantor, to 
delete or add beneficiaries under this Article THIRD by an acknowledged 
instrument delivered to the Grantor, provided that neither (1) the Grantor, nor (2) 
any Trustee then acting, nor (3) any member of the family, the estate, the creditors 
or the creditors of the estate of any Trustee may be added as a beneficiary under 
this Trust. 
C. 
The Trustees shall not be accountable to any Court or any 
person regarding the exercise or nonexercise of this completely discretionary 
authority. Any income not distributed may be added to principal. 
D. 
Unless terminated by the Trustees at an earlier date, this Trust 
shall terminate twenty-one years after the death of the last lineal descendant of the 
Grantor now in being, and any undistributed income and remaining principal will 
be distributed to any of the then surviving beneficiaries of this Trust as the 
Trustees shall determine, in such amounts and proportions and to the exclusion of 
any one or more of them as the Trustees, acting jointly, may determine. 
E. 
The Trust created pursuant to this Trust Agreement may be 
referred to as "THE J. BLACK TRUST." 
EFTA00589325
--- PAGE 6 ---
FOURTH 
Governing Law: Claims or Charges Against Grantor or his Estate 
A. 
This Trust Agreement and the trust created by it shall in all 
respects and for all purposes be governed and regulated by the laws of the State of 
New York as they now exist and may from time to time be enacted, amended, or 
repealed. All questions regarding the validity, construction, and administration of 
this trust instrument, or any of its provisions, and of this trust shall be determined 
solely by the laws of the State of New York. 
B. 
No portion of the income or principal of the Trust shall be 
liable for the payment of any taxes, liabilities, debts or any other claims or charges 
against the Grantor or the estate of the Grantor. 
FIFTH 
Trustees 
A. 
In the event that Melanie Spinella shall hereafter be unwilling, 
unable or unavailable to continue serving as Trustee, Thomas Turrin is hereby 
designated as her successor Trustee. In addition, each of the Trustees, acting 
singly, or the Grantor, is authorized to designate, at any time and from time to 
time, one or more additional or successor Trustees of the Trust by a written 
instrument duly acknowledged by the person designating such additional or 
successor Trustees. 
EFTA00589326
--- PAGE 7 ---
B. 
Designations shall be in writing and may be revoked by a 
written instrument duly acknowledged by the person making such designation at 
any time prior to the qualification of the Trustee so designated. 
C. 
Any Trustee may resign by giving notice to take effect on the 
date specified in said notice, except that if the resigning Trustee is the last acting 
Trustee, and no successor designated pursuant to the provisions of this Article is 
available to succeed him or her, then his or her resignation shall not be effective 
until he or she designates a successor and such successor qualifies to act. 
D. 
A Trustee may resign or qualify only by a written instrument, 
duly acknowledged by the resigning Trustee, mailed or delivered to a Trustee then 
acting, or if none, to his or her successor, in the case of a resignation, or in any 
case to the Grantor. 
E. 
The Grantor shall have the power at any time and from time to 
time to remove any Trustee of the Trust by a written instrument, duly 
acknowledged by the Grantor, mailed or delivered to the Trustees then acting, and 
such removal shall be effective on the date specified in such written instrument, or 
if no date is specified, on the date of such mailing or delivery. 
F. 
If the last remaining Trustee dies, is unable to or unwilling to 
continue to act as Trustee of the Trust and if there is no successor Trustee 
designated pursuant to Section A of this Article FIFTH who is willing to act, the 
EFTA00589327
--- PAGE 8 ---
Grantor shall designate a successor by an instrument in writing, duly 
acknowledged by the Grantor. In the event the Grantor shall be unwilling, unable 
or unavailable to so designate a successor Trustee, the legally competent adult 
Beneficiary (or a majority in beneficial interest of the legally competent adult 
Beneficiaries if there are multiple Beneficiaries) then entitled or permitted to 
receive income from such trust shall designate a successor Trustee by an 
instrument in writing delivered to the designated Trustee. If the legally competent 
adult Beneficiaries do not designate a successor Trustee within sixty days after 
receipt of notice of such vacancy or if there is no legally competent adult 
Beneficiary of such trust, then a successor Trustee shall be named by order of a 
court of competent jurisdiction. All of the fees and expenses of the Trustees 
(including attorneys' fees) attributable to the appointment of a successor Trustee of 
this Trust shall be paid from the assets of this Trust. 
G. 
Anything 
contained 
in 
the 
foregoing 
provisions 
notwithstanding, no person who is a person described in Section 672(c) of the 
Code, in relation to the Grantor, shall hereafter be appointed as an additional 
Trustee or a successor Trustee of the Trust. 
H. 
No Trustee at any time acting hereunder shall be required to 
give any bond, undertaking or other security for the faithful performance of his or 
her duties in any jurisdiction. 
EFTA00589328
--- PAGE 9 ---
SIXTH 
Settlement of Trustees' Accounts: Exoneration of Trustees 
A. 
The Trustees shall not be required to file with or render to any 
Court, and the Grantor waives and excuses the filing with or rendering to any 
Court of, an account of their transactions with respect to the Trust or of 
inventories, accounts, statements or reports of principal and/or income in respect of 
the Trust. Nevertheless, the Trustees may at any time and from time to time render 
an account of their transactions with respect to the Trust. The Grantor shall have 
full power to settle finally any such account or to waive the same, and on the basis 
of such account or waiver, to release the Trustees, individually, and as Trustees, 
from all accountability, liability and responsibility for their acts or omissions as 
Trustees. Any such settlement and release or waiver and release shall be binding 
upon all persons, whether or not then in being, then or thereafter interested in 
either the income or the principal of the Trust and shall have the force and effect of 
a final decree, judgment or order of a court of competent jurisdiction rendered in 
an appropriate action or proceeding for the judicial settlement of such an account 
in which action or proceeding jurisdiction was obtained over all necessary and 
proper parties. 
The expenses of any such accounting shall be a proper 
administration expense of the Trust payable from principal or income of the Trust, 
or partly from each, as the Trustees, in their discretion, shall determine. The 
EFTA00589329
--- PAGE 10 ---
foregoing provision, however, shall not preclude the Trustees from having their 
accounts judicially settled, if they shall so desire, and the expenses of a judicial 
accounting shall be a proper administration expense of the Trust payable from 
principal. 
B. 
If any Trustee shall resign as a Trustee hereunder, the 
continuing Trustee or Trustees may deliver to the Trustee so resigning, an 
instrument whereby such resigning Trustee shall be released and discharged, to the 
extent stated therein, of and from any and all accountability, liability and 
responsibility for acts or omissions as Trustee. Any such release and discharge 
shall be binding upon all persons, whether or not then in being, then or thereafter 
interested in either the income or the principal of the Trust and shall have the force 
and effect of a final decree, judgment or order of a court of competent jurisdiction 
rendered in an appropriate action or proceeding for the judicial settlement of the 
account of such Trustee, in which action or proceeding jurisdiction was obtained 
over all necessary and proper parties. The foregoing provision, however, shall not 
preclude any Trustee so resigning from having his, her or its account judicially 
settled. The expenses of any judicial accounting rendered by a Trustee who shall 
resign shall be a proper administration expense of the Trust payable from principal. 
C. 
In addition to the foregoing, the Trustees are hereby authorized, 
at any time and from time to time, with respect to the Trust, to settle the accounts 
EFTA00589330
--- PAGE 11 ---
of the Trustees by agreement between or among the Trustees and the then adult 
beneficiary of the income and the beneficiary or beneficiaries who would be 
entitled to the principal in case the Trust was to terminate at the time of such 
agreement, excluding any who are then incompetent, which agreement shall bind 
all persons, whether or not then in being, then or thereafter interested in either the 
income or the principal of the Trust. Any such settlement shall have the force and 
effect of a final decree, judgment or order of a court of competent jurisdiction 
rendered in an appropriate action or proceeding for the judicial settlement of such 
account, in which action or proceeding jurisdiction was obtained over all necessary 
and proper parties. 
The expenses of any such account shall be a proper 
administration expense of the Trust payable from principal or income of the Trust, 
or partly from each, as the Trustees, in their discretion, shall determine. 
D. 
No Trustee shall be accountable, liable or responsible for any 
act, default, negligence or omission of any other Trustee. 
E. 
No Trustee acting hereunder shall be liable for any loss or 
damage which may occur hereunder, unless due to willful default, deliberate 
wrongdoing or willful violation of an express provision hereof. 
EFTA00589331
--- PAGE 12 ---
SEVENTH 
Administrative Powers 
A. 
In addition to and in amplification of the powers given by law 
to trustees, each Trustee, acting singly, but solely in his or her fiduciary capacity, is 
hereby authorized and empowered, in his or her discretion: 
1. 
To hold any part or all of the assets of the Trust invested 
in the same form of property in which the same shall be invested when received by 
the Trustees, and invest and reinvest the assets of the Trust, or any portion thereof, 
in any form of investment which the Trustees may determine. 
2. 
To acquire, buy, sell, contract to buy, contract to sell, sell 
short, buy on margin, exchange, engage in risk arbitrage transactions with respect 
to, and trade in stocks (common or preferred), bonds, notes., obligations (secured 
or unsecured), securities of open-end and closed-end investment companies and 
common trust funds, other securities (issued or to be issued), commodities, futures, 
options, executory contracts for the purchase or sale of securities and commodities, 
mortgages, and other property, real or personal, of any kind, whether similar or 
dissimilar to that specifically enumerated above, and interests in any of the 
foregoing, without being bound by any provision of law restricting investments by 
trustees, and without regard to any principles of diversification. 
EFTA00589332
--- PAGE 13 ---
3. 
To purchase, sell or exercise conversion, subscription and 
other rights, and warrants, puts, calls, straddles, and other options, to make 
payments in connection therewith and to sell naked options, whether calls or puts, 
and to deal in other financial instruments. 
4. 
To make any authorized transaction for cash or on credit 
or partly for cash and partly on credit, with or without security, or partly or wholly 
with borrowed funds. 
5. 
To invest in and to become a member of, any partnership, 
limited liability company or joint venture, to comply with all the terms and 
provisions of every partnership, limited liability company and joint venture relating 
to any investment at any time held by them, and to vote, execute consents, exercise 
all rights and take such other action with respect to any partnership, limited 
liability company or joint venture as they, in their discretion, deem advisable. 
6. 
To lease, for such periods (whether or not any such 
period shall extend beyond the period prescribed by law or the probable term of the 
Trust), on such terms and conditions and at such time or times as the Trustees shall 
determine, the whole or any portion or portions of any property, real or personal, 
which may at any time form part of the Trust, whether the same be held in 
severally or as tenant-in common with others or in a partnership, syndicate or joint 
venture or otherwise, and release and convey any undivided interest in any such 
EFTA00589333
--- PAGE 14 ---
property for the purpose of effecting partition of the whole or any part thereof, to 
make, place, extend or renew mortgages, pledges, building loan agreements or 
building loan mortgages upon or affecting any and all such property; and make, 
execute and deliver such mortgages, pledges and agreements, together with proper 
bonds, notes or other instruments of indebtedness to accompany the same, and 
such extension or renewal agreements, as the Trustees shall deem best; to repair, 
alter, reconstruct, build upon or improve any such property and on such terms and 
at such time or times as the Trustees shall determine, give and grant to others the 
right so to do, or agree in, or so modify any lease affecting any such property that 
the lessee may alter, repair, reconstruct, build upon, improve, mortgage and pledge 
any such property; and generally to make, alter and modify all agreements, leases, 
mortgages, pledges, building loans, sales, exchanges, transfers and conveyances of 
or affecting any such property which the Trustees shall determine to be necessary, 
advisable or proper for the preservation, improvement, enhancement in value of, or 
betterment of or addition to, such property. 
7. 
To vote, in person or by proxy, all stocks and other 
securities held by the Trust; to grant, exercise or sell rights to subscribe to stock 
and securities and options of any nature; to amortize or refrain from amortizing 
premiums on bonds or other securities which the Trustees may purchase or receive; 
to participate in reorganizations, mergers, liquidations or dissolutions, and 
EFTA00589334
--- PAGE 15 ---
contribute to the expense of, and deposit securities with protective committees in 
connection therewith; to participate in voting trusts; and generally exercise, in 
respect of said stock and securities, all rights, powers and privileges which may be 
lawfully exercised by any person owning similar property in his own right. 
8. 
To employ any investment counsel, corporate custodians, 
agents, accountants, brokers and attorneys which the Trustees may select and pay 
the charges thereof, and the Trustees, or a partnership, corporation or other entity 
in which any Trustee shall be interested, or by which any Trustee may be 
employed, may be retained in any such capacity, and, in such event, the charges 
which shall be payable to such Trustee, or to any such partnership, corporation or 
other entity, shall be in addition to commissions or compensation otherwise 
allowable to such Trustee and may be paid without prior judicial approval. 
9. 
In any case in which the Trustees are authorized or 
required to pay or distribute any share of the Trust, to make such payment or 
distribution in kind, or in cash or partly in each and, in connection therewith, to 
allocate equal or unequal interests in, or amounts of, specific property in 
satisfaction of such payment or distribution. 
10. 
To settle, adjust, compromise or submit to arbitration any 
dispute, claim or controversy in which the Trust may be in any way interested. 
EFTA00589335
--- PAGE 16 ---
11. 
To borrow money from any person, partnership, 
corporation or other entity. for the purpose of meeting any and all charges against 
the Trust or for any other purpose connected with the administration, preservation, 
improvement or enhancement in value of the Trust, and, in connection with any 
such borrowing, to pledge, hypothecate or mortgage any part or all of the assets of 
the Trust. 
12. 
To keep any or all of the securities at any time forming a 
part of the Trust in the name of one or more nominees. 
13. 
In any case where doubt or uncertainty exists under 
applicable law or this Trust Agreement, to (i) credit receipts to principal or income, 
or partly to each and (ii) charge expenses against principal or income, or partly 
against each. 
14. 
By instrument or instruments signed by all of the 
Trustees qualified and acting as such at any time, to delegate, in whole or in part, 
to any person or persons (including any one or more of the Trustees) the authority 
and power to (i) sign checks, drafts or orders for the payment or withdrawal of 
funds from any account in which funds of the Trust hereunder shall be deposited, 
(ii) endorse for sale, transfer or delivery, or sell, transfer or deliver, or purchase or 
otherwise acquire, any and all stocks, stock warrants, stock rights, bonds or other 
securities whatsoever, and (iii) gain access to any safe deposit box which may be in 
EFTA00589336
--- PAGE 17 ---
the names of the Trustees and remove part or all of the contents of any such safe 
deposit box and release and surrender the same. 
15. 
To remove the assets of the Trust to, or hold and 
administer any such assets in, such location or locations within or without the State 
of New York as any Trustee, in his or her discretion, shall select. 
16. 
To make, or retain from making, elections permitted 
under any applicable tax law, without regard to the effect of any such election on 
the interest of any beneficiary of the Trust and, if any such election shall be made, 
to apportion, or refrain from apportioning, any benefits thereof among the 
respective interests of the beneficiaries of the Trust, all in such manner as any 
Trustee shall deem appropriate. 
17. 
To exercise all authority, powers, privileges and 
discretion, conferred in this Article after the termination of the Trust created under 
this Trust Agreement and until all of the assets of the Trust are fully distributed. 
B. 
No person or party dealing with any of the Trustees shall be 
bound to see to the application of any money or other consideration paid by them 
to any of the Trustees. 
C. 
Neither the principal nor the income of the Trust or any part 
thereof, shall or may at any time be liable or subject in any matter whatsoever to 
the debts or liabilities of any beneficiary entitled to receive any principal or income 
EFTA00589337
--- PAGE 18 ---
therefrom, nor shall the principal or income of the Trust be liable to attachment by 
garnishment proceedings or other legal process issued by any creditor of any 
beneficiary of the Trust for debts heretofore or hereafter contracted by such 
beneficiary; nor shall any assignment, conveyance, charge, encumbrance or order, 
either of principal or income, given by any such beneficiary be valid. 
EIGHTH 
IRREVOCABILITY, SEVERABILTY, COUNTERPARTS 
A. 
This Trust Agreement and the Trust created hereunder are 
irrevocable. Neither the Grantor nor any other person shall have the right to alter, 
amend, revoke or terminate this Trust Agreement or the Trust created hereunder. 
B. 
Should any part, clause, provision or condition of this Trust 
Agreement be held to be void or invalid, then such voidance or invalidity shall not 
affect any other part, clause, provision or condition hereof, but the remainder of 
this Trust Agreement shall be effective as though such void or invalid part, clause, 
provision or condition had not been contained herein. 
C. 
This Trust Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of 
which shall be an original, but together which shall constitute one instrument. 
EFTA00589338
--- PAGE 19 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor and the Trustees have 
executed this Trust Agreement on the day and year first above written. 
LEON BLACK, Grantor 
LEON BLACK, Trustee 
MELANIE SPINELLA, Trustee 
EFTA00589339
--- PAGE 20 ---
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
) 
)ss.: 
) 
On the 
day of January in the year 2014, before me, the undersigned, 
personally appeared LEON BLACK, personally known to me or proved to me on 
the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to 
the within instrument as Grantor and Trustee, who acknowledged to me that he 
executed the same in his individual capacity, and that by his signature on the 
instrument, the individual or the person upon behalf of which the individual acted, 
executed the instrument. 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
Notary Public 
) 
)ss.: 
) 
On the 
day of January in the year 2014, before me, the undersigned, 
personally appeared MELANIE SPINELLA, personally known to me or proved to 
me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is 
subscribed to the within instrument as Trustee, who acknowledged to me that she 
executed the same in her individual capacity, and that by her signature on the 
instrument, the individual or the person upon behalf of which the individual acted, 
executed the instrument. 
Notary Public 
EFTA00589340
--- PAGE 21 ---
SCHEDULE A 
EFTA00589341

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589342.pdf
----------------------------------------
McDermott 
Will&Emery 
Now Yolk 
Date: 
November 29, 2012 
To: 
Leon and Debra Black 
From: 
Elyse G. Kirschner 
Re: 
The DRB 2012 Family Trust Agreement 
MEMORANDUM 
This memorandum explains the principal provisions of the DRB 2012 Family 
Trust Agreement and the anticipated tax consequences of certain of its provisions. 
I. 
The DRB 2012 Family Trust 
A. 
Trust Fund 
Debra will be the creator of the trust. It is anticipated that she will transfer assets 
valued at an amount equal to Debra's remaining gif tax credit to the trustees. The trust will be 
governed by the provisions described below. 
B. 
Diapositive Provisions 
1. 
Distributions 
The primary trust provides that the trustees must distribute as much of the trust 
fund to any one or more of (a) Leon and (b) Debra's issue' as the independent trustees determine 
for any reason. 
Leon has the power, exercisable at his death, to appoint any portion of the trust 
fund to any one or more of Debra's issue. 
2. 
After Death of Survivor 
The initial trust will end upon the death of the survivor of the two of you. When 
the trust terminates, the remaining assets will be paid to Debra's issue then living,2 in a separate 
lifetime trust for each of them (described in I.B.5, below). 
For all purposes of the trust agreement, Debra's issue are Benjamin, Joshua, Alexander, Victoria, and their 
descendants. 
Assets payable under the trust agreement to an individual's issue will be paid in equal shares to such 
individual's children. If a child does not survive such individual, the predeceased child's share of the assets will 
be paid in equal shams to his or her children then living. 
U.S. practice conducted through McDermott Will & Emery LLP. 
DM US 39870777-2.088835.0011 
EFTA00589342
--- PAGE 2 ---
3. 
Remote Takers 
In the event the survivor of you is not survived by any of Debra's issue, any 
undisposed of property will be paid to Debra's heirs-at-law. 
4. 
Separate Trusts for Issue 
Assets directed to be held in a separate trust for a child or more remote issue of 
yours will be held in a trust under article IV of the trust agreement. Each child or more remote 
issue is referred to as the "Primary Beneficiary." The trustees must pay as much of the trust fund 
of each trust to the Primary Beneficiary as they determine is necessary for the Primary 
Beneficiary's health, education, support and maintenance. In addition, the trustees must pay as 
much of the trust fund of each trust to the Primary Beneficiary as the independent trustees 
determine. When the Primary Beneficiary reaches age 35, he or she will have the power to 
appoint the trust fund to or for the benefit of any of Debra's issue (other than himself or herself) 
at his or her death. 
These powers may be suspended, terminated or postponed by the 
independent trustees for good cause, such as serious illness, creditor issues, a pending divorce or 
the like. 
Each trust will end on the Primary Beneficiary's death. Upon termination, any 
remaining assets will be paid to the Primary Beneficiary's issue then living, or if the Primary 
Beneficiary has no issue then living, to his or her siblings then living, or if none, to Debra's issue 
then living, in each case in a separate lifetime trust for each of them upon the same terms as the 
terminated trust. 
C. 
Trustees 
The two of you and Richard Ressler will be the initial co-trustees. Richard will be 
an independent trustee. 
During Debra's lifetime, Debra will have the power to designate additional and/or 
successor trustees. Debra also will have the power to remove trustees, provided that if the 
removed trustee was an independent trustee, such removal will not be effective until a new 
independent trustee is designated. After Debra's death or disability, Leon will have these 
powers. After the death or disability of the two of you, the trustees may designate additional 
and/or successor trustees of any trust other than a trust for which the Primary Beneficiary has the 
power to remove trustees. 
After the death of the two of you, beginning at age 35, each Primary Beneficiary 
may designate additional and/or successor trustees of his or her trust (including himself or 
herself), and may remove trustees of such trust, provided that if he or she removes an 
independent trustee, such removal will not be effective until a new independent trustee is 
designated.3
These powers may be postponed by the independent trustee for good cause. 
-2-
DM US 39870447-2.088835.001I 
EFTA00589343
--- PAGE 3 ---
D. 
Administration and Modification 
The trust agreement gives the trustees broad investment and administrative 
powers. 
In addition, the independent trustees may modify the trust agreement while either 
of you is competent, but only after giving you 5 days' written notice. No modification will be 
effective if it would confer a beneficial interest on any person other than one of Debra's issue 
while any of them is living. The modification powers have been included to give your trustees 
the flexibility to deal with future circumstances. 
H. 
Tax Consequences 
A. 
Gift Tax 
Any gift Debra makes to the trust will be a taxable gift. 
In 2012, each individual will have a federal credit against lifetime taxable gifts 
(i.e., gifts in excess of the annual exclusion amounts described above and in excess of gifts for 
educational or medical expenses paid directly to those institutions and other than gifts to a 
spouse or charity) of $5 million. Debra has decided to fund the Trust in 2012 with property the 
value of which is equal the amount of her entire remaining federal gift tax credit.4
We anticipate that, as in past years, the two of you will not "split" your gifts for 
gift tax purposes. 
Federal gift tax returns should be filed to report Debra's gift to the trust. For 
contributions made in 2012, gift tax returns will be due on April 15, 2013. 
B. 
Generation-Skipping Transfer Tax 
The generation-skipping transfer ("GST") tax generally is imposed, in addition to 
any gift or estate tax, on transfers to persons two or more generations below the transferor's own 
generation, at the highest estate and gift tax rate. If a donor gifts property to a trust of which his 
or her children are beneficiaries, the GST tax normally is deferred until the interest of the 
children ends. Under current law, each individual has $5.12 million of GST exemption. This 
exemption may be allocated to a trust to protect it from future GST taxes. Unless Congress acts 
to change the law, this amount will be reduced in 2013 to about $1.43 million. 
Debra's GST exemption will be allocated automatically to the trust to shield from 
the GST tax those assets that may pass from the trust directly to your grandchildren or more 
remote issue, unless she elects out of the automatic allocation. We recommend that Debra allow 
portions of her GST exemption to be allocated to her transfer to the trust on her gift tax return. 
• 
We will discuss with Tom Turrin exactly how much gift tax credit Debra has left. 
-3-
DM US 39870447-2.088835.0011 
EFTA00589344
--- PAGE 4 ---
C. 
Estate Tax 
The trust agreement does not give Debra an interest in or control over the 
disposition of trust assets after she has contributed them to the trust. As a result, the trust 
property should not be included in Debra's estate for estate tax purposes.5 Accordingly, the full 
value of the assets remaining in the trust at the death of the survivor of you (including all 
appreciation on the original gift) should pass to the trusts for Debra's issue without federal or 
New York estate tax. 
D. 
Income Tax 
During Debra's lifetime, the primary trust will be a grantor trust. This means that 
all of the trust's income, deductions, and credits will be taken into account by Debra when she 
files her income tax returns. If the trustees use Debra's social security number as the trust's 
taxpayer identification number, the trust will not be required to file income tax returns. The 
independent trustees will have the power to modify the trust so that they may reimburse Debra 
for any income taxes she incurs that are attributable to the income of the trust. 
All gifts to the trust should be made from an account in Debra's own name to 
ensure that the trust is a grantor trust as to only Debra for income tax purposes. 
After Debra's death, each trust will be a separate taxpayer for income tax 
purposes and will be required to file annual federal income tax returns. Each trust will pay 
income tax on its income except to the extent distributed to beneficiaries. Each beneficiary will 
pay income tax on distributions received from the trust to the extent of his or her share of the 
distributed income.6
III. 
Getting Started 
Once the trust agreement has been signed and notarized, you will need to open an 
account in the name of the DRB 2012 Family Trust. Because Debra is the settlor of the trust and 
In the event that the assets Debra contributes to the trust were to decrease in value, or in the event the IRS were 
to "claw back" Debra's 2012 gift if the estate tax exempt amount (currently, $5 million) at the time of Debra's 
death were less than the gift tax lifetime credit amount at the time of the gift, the independent trustees could 
decide to grant Debra a limited power of appointment. If granted, the power would result in the trust property 
being included in Debra's estate for estate tax purposes at her death. However, when calculating Debra's 
federal estate tax, Debra's executors would not count the 2012 gift as an "adjusted taxable gift," which means 
that Debra's estate would essentially get back the gift tax credit previously used when she made the 2012 gift, 
so she would not have "wasted" her gift tax credit. In addition, the trust agreement gives Debra the option of 
appointing any trust property that is included in her gross estate to Leon or a trust for his benefit. If she does so, 
such property will be eligible for the federal estate tax marital deduction and would not be subject to estate tax 
at Debra's death. 
After Debra's death it may be possible for the trusts to avoid New York income tax if they have no New York 
trustees, no property located in New York and no income from New York sources. 
-4-
DM US 39870447-2.088835.001I 
EFTA00589345
--- PAGE 5 ---
because the trust is a grantor trust for income tax purposes, the trust may use Debra's social 
security number as its taxpayer identification number. 
As part of its effort to curb tax shelters, the Internal Revenue Service has issued regulations that 
impose sanctions on attorneys who provide informal written tax advice without prominently 
disclosing that the advice cannot be relied upon by the taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding 
penalties. Because this memorandum contains a discussion of taxes but does not warrant the 
significant additional time or expense that would be involved in the preparation of a formal 
opinion that complies with the IRS rules, we include the relevant IRS disclosure, below. If you 
would like us to prepare a formal tax opinion on which you may rely for penalty relief, please let 
us know, and we can discuss the cost of preparing one. 
Internal Revenue Service Circular 230 Notice: To ensure compliance with requirements 
imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any U.S. tax advice contained in 
this communication (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot 
be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) 
promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed 
herein. 
EGK 
cc: Eileen Alexanderson 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Carlyn S. McCaffrey 
-5-
DM US 39870447-2.088835.0011 
EFTA00589346

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589347.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589347.pdf
----------------------------------------
NeuroVive" 
NEWS RELEASE 
NeuroVive and Sihuan Pharmaceutical to develop and commercialize 
CicloMulsion® and NeuroSTAT® for cardio- and neuroprotection in China 
Beijing (China) and Lund (Sweden) - November 20, 2012. NeuroVive, the leading 
mitochondrial medicine company, today announces a collaboration agreement with Sihuan 
Pharmaceutical Holdings Group Ltd. for the development and commercialization in China of 
NeuroVive's most clinically advanced products CicloMulsion® and NeuroSTAT®. 
Sihuan Pharmaceutical is one of the largest domestic pharmaceutical companies in China 
and the market leader in the fast-growing Chinese cardio-cerebral vascular (CCV) drugs 
market. The agreement was entered into by Sihuan Pharmaceutical through its wholly-
owned subsidiary Sun Moral International (HK) Ltd. and by NeuroVive through its subsidiary 
NeuroVive Pharmaceutical Asia Ltd. 
CicloMulsion® and NeuroSTAT8 are in clinical development by NeuroVive for the treatment 
of heart reperfusion injury after stenting and traumatic brain injury respectively. These are 
indications of huge medical need for which there are currently no approved pharmaceutical 
treatment options. 
Both products act to prevent the death of mitochondria in damaged cells and the cascade of 
intracellular biochemical events that lead to secondary tissue damage following a traumatic 
injury. By protecting a cell's mitochondria NeuroVive's products ensure that energy 
production is preserved and a damaged cell's normal regenerative mechanisms can act to 
repair and maintain the cell. CicloMulsion® and NeuroSTAT® contain cyclosporine which, by 
inhibiting cyclophilin D, prevents the disruption of the membrane of the mitochondria. 
Sihuan is a leading Chinese pharmaceutical company with the largest cardio-cerebral 
vascular drug franchise in China. It has a proven track record in R&D, manufacturing, sales 
and marketing of cardio-cerebral vascular drugs. Its nationwide distribution network covers 
over 10,000 hospitals through over 3,000 distributors making it the ideal partner to bring 
NeuroVive's drugs to market in China. 
Mikael Bronnegard, CEO of NeuroVive Pharmaceutical said: "Our agreement with Sihuan is 
a transformational event for NeuroVive and provides strong validation of the huge potential 
of mitochondrial medicine and specifically the work we have done to develop the cyclophilin 
inhibitors CicloMulsion® and NeuroSTAT®. Sihuan is one of the leading pharmaceutical 
companies in China and through this agreement will add significant resources, product 
development and marketing expertise that will greatly accelerate the development and 
commercialization of our products in China. I look forward to a long and productive 
partnership with Sihuan that I am confident will lead to the launch of NeuroVive's products 
for the treatment of acute cardiovascular and neurological conditions in the Chinese market 
estimated to be worth more than 2 billion RMB annually at peak sales." 
EFTA00589347
--- PAGE 2 ---
Dr. Che Fengsheng, Chairman and CEO of Sihuan Pharmaceutical, said: "This is a 
breakthrough for our business development as it is the first time Sihuan Pharmaceutical is 
collaborating with a renowned international pharmaceutical company. The collaboration will 
bring together Sihuan Pharmaceutical's competitive advantages in product development, 
marketing promotion and distribution network and NeuroVive's advanced drug 
development technology. This will enrich our product portfolio, raise the level of our 
product resources and widen our revenue stream. We believe that CicloMulsion® and 
NeuroSTAT® will become new drivers of our sales, sustain our growth in the long run, and 
consolidate Sihuan Pharmaceutical's leadership in the CCV drug market. " 
Scope of the agreement 
Under the terms of the agreement Sihuan is responsible for clinical development, regulatory 
and market approval, market access and promotion as well as marketing, distribution and 
sales in China of CicloMulsion® and NeuroSTAT®. 
NeuroVive will supply CicloMulsion® and NeuroSTAT” to Sihuan for clinical trials and, upon 
launch, will initially supply commercial volumes of the drugs for distribution and sale by 
Sihuan in China. 
Sihuan Pharmaceutical shall make upfront and milestone payments totalling RMB35 million 
and RMB12 million to NeuroVive in respect of CicloMulsion® and NeuroSTAT® respectively. 
In addition, the Company shall pay a royalty representing 10% of the net revenue from the 
two products for a period of 10 years from the time they are launched. 
Sihuan intends to conduct a Phase 
clinical trial in China with CicloMulsion® for the 
treatment of reperfusion injury following myocardial infarction based on the protocol being 
used in the Phase III CIRCUS study currently on-going in Europe. NeuroVive will supply 
Sihuan with CicloMulsion" and placebo for use in the trial which is expected to start in 2013, 
subject to regulatory approvals. 
The successful conclusion of the Phase II/III trial together with additional data provided by 
NeuroVive, including that from the current Phase III CIRCUS study, will be used to gain 
regulatory approval of CicloMulsion® in China for the treatment of reperfusion injury 
following myocardial infarction. 
A similar plan for the clinical development and commercialisation of NeuroSTAT® in China 
for traumatic brain injury will be finalised during the course of 2013. 
About NeuroVive Pharmaceutical AB 
NeuroVive Pharmaceutical AB (www.neurovive.com) the leading mitochondrial medicine 
company is developing a portfolio of products to treat acute cardiovascular and neurological 
conditions through mitochondrial protection. 
NeuroVive's products are based on the cyclophilin D inhibitor cyclosporine, and work by 
preventing the death of mitochondria in distressed cells and the subsequent cascade of 
intracellular biochemical events that lead to secondary tissue damage following an acute 
cardiac or traumatic brain injury. 
EFTA00589348
--- PAGE 3 ---
NeuroVive's lead product is CicloMulsions, the first cyclophilin D inhibitor for the treatment 
of reperfusion injuries following stenting. CicloMulsion° is currently in a 1000 patient Phase 
Ill clinical trial evaluating its ability to reduce reperfusion injuries in patients with myocardial 
infarction. 
NeuroVive is also developing NeuroSTAT°, a cyclophilin D inhibitor, which is expected to 
enter a Phase lb clinical trial in patients with severe traumatic brain injury before the end of 
2012. Both indications have huge medical need and for which there are currently no 
approved pharmaceutical treatment options. CicloMulsione and NeuroSTAT° are special 
formulations of cyclosporine for use in acute cardiac and brain injury indications. 
NeuroVive's pipeline also includes a cyclophilin D inhibitor for stroke and drug candidates 
that act on mitochondria to address energy regulation disorders. 
NeuroVive's 
shares are listed on the 
Swedish 
trading platform 
AktieTorget 
(www.aktietorget.se). The AktieTorget market is focused on emerging, entrepreneurial 
businesses through an electronic trading system supplied by the OMX Nordic stock exchange 
in Stockholm, Sweden. 
About Sihuan Pharmaceutical 
Sihuan Pharmaceutical (www.sihuanpharm.com) is a leading pharmaceutical company and 
the largest cardio-cerebral vascular (CCV) drug franchise in China's prescription drug market. 
It has a successful track record in R&D, manufacturing, sales and marketing of drug products 
in the top five medical therapeutic areas in China: cardio cerebral vascular system, central 
nervous system, metabolism, oncology and anti-infective. 
Sihuan has a differentiated sales and marketing model and well-managed network of over 
3,000 distributors who promote and sell its products to hospitals and medical institutions 
throughout China and has market-leading R&D capabilities, focusing on innovative and first-
to-market generic drugs. Sihuan Pharmaceutical has been listed on the Main Board of the 
Hong Kong Stock Exchange since October 2010. 
Key Contact NeuroVive Pharmaceutical: Mikael Bronnegard 
EFTA00589349

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589350.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE DEBRA R. BLACKDRB 2012 FAMILY 
TRUST AGREEMENT 
Dated: 
Prepared by 
McDermott Will & Emery LLP 
New York, New York 
DM US 39479962-1.41tRS35.0O142 0RRIM 0011 
EFTA00589350
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
ARTICLE 
PAGE 
I 
: TRUST FUND 
II 
: THE DE-RIWR,1≥4=AGI4DRB 2012 FAMILY TRUST 
III 
: SEPARATE TRUSTS FOR ISSUE 
IV 
: SPECIAL DISTRIBUTION RULES 
V 
: ADDITIONS 
VI 
: TRUSTEES' INVESTMENT AND ADMINISTRATIVE POWERS 
VII 
: RESTRICTIONS ON POWERS 
VIII 
: IRREVOCABILITY; MODIFICATION 
IX 
: ACCOUNTING BY TRUSTEES 
X 
: TRUSTEE DESIGNATIONS, RESIGNATIONS, AND REMOVALS 
XI 
: ACTION BY TRUSTEES 
XII 
: LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY OF TRUSTEES 
XIII 
: DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 
4-344 
DM_US 39479962-1.OM15,0O112 0RRIVIS 0011 
EFTA00589351
--- PAGE 3 ---
TRUST AGREEMENT made the 
day of December, 2012, between DEBRA 
R. BLACK, as Settlor, and DEBRA R. BLACK, I PAIN D  BLACK and irEAN-Dt-BLACK;
RICHARD RF.SSI FR   as Trustees. 
I: TRUST FUND 
The Settlor hereby assigns, transfers and delivers to the Trustees the property 
listed on Schedule A annexed hereto. The Trustees acknowledge receipt of such property. This 
property shall be the original Trust Fund of a Trust for the benefit of the Beneficiaries, the 
dispositive terms of which are set forth in Article II. The Trustees agree to hold such property 
and all other assets that are a part of the Trust Fund in trust and to manage and dispose of it in 
accordance with the provisions of this Trust Agreement. The Trust may be identified as the 
"DEBRA-R,RLAQUIRR 2012 FAMILY TRUST." 
This Trust Agreement may be identified as the "DEBIWR,BLAC—ICDRB 2012 
FAMILY TRUST AGREEMENT." The Beneficiaries under this Trust Agreement at any 
particular time are those of (1) LEON and (2) the Settlor's issue who are then living. The 
definitions of the other terms used in this Trust Agreement are set forth in Article XIII or where 
they first appear. 
II: THE DEBRA-R,RIACKDRR 2012 FAMILY TRUST 
Following are the dispositive provisions of the "DEINZA-R,BLAGIORB 2012 
FAMILY TRUST": 
(A) 
Distributions. The Trustees shall pay or apply as much of the Trust Fund 
as the Independent Trustees, in their sole discretion, shall determine, to or for the benefit of such 
one or more of the Beneficiaries (to the exclusion of any one or more of them) and in such 
amounts or proportions as the Independent Trustees, in their sole discretion, shall determine. 
DM US 39479962-1.ORRS35.001-12 ORRR3S 0011 
EFTA00589352
--- PAGE 4 ---
Payments or applications pursuant to this section may be made at any time or from time to time, 
for any reason or purpose whatsoever. In exercising the discretion granted in this section, the 
Independent Trustees need not, but may, consider such of the financial resources apart from the 
Trust as they deem appropriate of the Beneficiaries, or any one or more of them. 
(B) 
Accirmiihaions. At the end of each year, the Trustees shall separately 
accumulate any net income not paid or applied pursuant to section (A) of this Article. Such 
separately accumulated income shall not be added to the principal of the Trust Fund. 
(C) 
Power of Appointment. LEON shall have the power to appoint any part 
or all of the Trust Fund to or for the benefit of such one or more of the Settlor's issue (other than 
those whose deaths preceded the time the appointment is effective) in such amounts and 
proportions, either outright or in further trust, upon such terms and conditions (including the 
granting to the appointee of a further and general or limited power of appointment), and to the 
exclusion of any one or more of them, as LEON shall determine. LEON may exercise this 
power of appointment either (a) by a written instrument that is signed and acknowledged by 
LEON and delivered to the Trustees all at a time when LEON is competent, and that makes 
specific reference to this section or (b) by a provision in LEON's Will that makes specific 
reference to this section. Any appointment made by such exercise shall be effective on the date 
of the-SettlerLEON's death. An appointment shall be revocable until its effective date unless 
LEON manifests LEON's intention in the instrument by which the appointment is exercised to 
make such appointment irrevocable. 
(D) 
Trust Termination. Unless sooner terminated by the distribution of the 
entire Trust Fund, the Trust shall terminate upon the death of the survivor of the Settlor and 
LEON (the "Termination Date"). When the Trust terminates, the Trustees shall pay the Trust 
DM US 39479962-1.ORRA36.001.12 ORRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589353
--- PAGE 5 ---
Fund, to the extent not effectively appointed by LEON pursuant to the power of appointment 
granted under this Article, to the Settlor's issue then living, subject to the provisions of Article 
III: SEPARATE TRUSTS FOR ISSUE 
If at the termination of any Trust (including any Trust under this Article), any 
share of the Trust is payable to an issue of the Settlor subject to the provisions of this Article, 
such share shall not be paid outright to such issue (referred to in this Article as the "Primary 
Beneficiary"), but shall instead be held in as many separate Trusts for the benefit of the Primary 
Beneficiary upon the terms set forth in this Article as the Trustees of the terminated Trust, in 
their sole discretion, shall direct. 
(A) 
Distributions. (1) The Trustees shall pay to the Primary Beneficiary, or 
apply for his or her benefit, as much of the Trust Fund as the Trustees, in their sole discretion, 
shall determine is necessary for the Primary Beneficiary's health, education, support and 
maintenance, taking into consideration the Primary Beneficiary's financial resources apart from 
the Trust. 
(2) 
The Trustees shall pay to the Primary Beneficiary, or apply for his or her 
benefit, as much of the Trust Fund as the Independent Trustees, in their sole discretion, shall 
determine. Payments or applications pursuant to this subsection may be made at any time or 
from time to time, for any reason or purpose whatsoever. In exercising the discretion granted in 
this subsection, the Independent Trustees need not, but may, consider such of the Primary 
Beneficiary's financial resources apart from the Trust as they deem appropriate. 
(3) 
At the end of each year, the Trustees shall add to principal any net income 
not so paid or applied. The Settlor confirms that the entire Trust Fund may be distributed at any 
DM US 394799624.0=35.00142 0RRR3S 0011 
EFTA00589354
--- PAGE 6 ---
time to or for the benefit of the Primary Beneficiary pursuant to this section, even though such 
distribution terminates the Trust and without regard to the interest of any remainderman of the 
Trust. 
(B) 
Powers of Appointment. At any time or from time to time, the Primary 
Beneficiary, if he or she is at least thirty-five (35) years of age, shall have the power to appoint 
any part or all of the Trust Fund to or for the benefit of such one or more of the Settlor's issue 
(other than the Primary Beneficiary and other than those whose deaths preceded the time the 
appointment is effective) in such amounts and proportions, either outright or in further trust, 
upon such terms and conditions (including the granting to the appointee of a further and general 
or limited power of appointment), and to the exclusion of any one or more of them, as the 
Primary Beneficiary shall determine, provided that such Primary Beneficiary's power of 
appointment has not been postponed, suspended or terminated pursuant to Article IV(J). The 
Primary Beneficiary may exercise this power of appointment either (a) by a written instrument 
that is signed and acknowledged by the Primary Beneficiary and delivered to the Trustees all at a 
time when the Primary Beneficiary is competent, and that makes specific reference to this 
section or (b) by a provision in his or her Will that makes specific reference to this section. Any 
appointment made by such exercise shall be effective on—the—date—speeified—in—the—wpitten 
instrumeni-er--in4he-Ppimapy-Benefisiafy1/2 -Wilir  as41:ie-sase-rna.frber  previdedr  heweverr  &hair  in 
the-ease-ef-an-exereise-by-A4lirsiash-date-shall4ie the date of the Primary Beneficiary's death. 
An appointment shall be revocable until its effective date unless the Primary Beneficiary 
manifests his or her intention in the instrument by which the appointment is exercised to make 
such appointment irrevocable. 
DM US 394799624.4SRUS.041142 ORRR3S 0011 
EFTA00589355
--- PAGE 7 ---
(C) 
Trust Termination. Unless sooner terminated by the distribution of the 
entire Trust Fund, the Trust shall terminate on the date of the Primary Beneficiary's death. Upon 
such termination, the Trustees shall pay the Trust Fund, if and to the extent not effectively 
appointed pursuant to a power granted under this Article, to the Primary Beneficiary's issue who 
survive the Primary Beneficiary, or, if no issue of the Primary Beneficiary survives the Primary 
Beneficiary, to the issue who survive the Primary Beneficiary of the Primary Beneficiary's 
nearest ancestor who was an issue of the Settlor and who has issue who survive the Primary 
Beneficiary, or, if there is no such ancestor or issue, to the Senior's issue who survive the 
Primary Beneficiary, subject, in each case, to the provisions of this Article. 
(D) 
Termination on Perpetuities Date. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of this Trust Agreement, the Trust shall terminate, unless it terminates sooner, on the Perpetuities 
Date. If the trust terminates pursuant to this section, the Trustees shall pay the Trust Fund to the 
Primary Beneficiary, outright and not in trust. 
IV: SPECIAL DISTRIBUTION RULES 
(A) 
Per Stirpital Distributions. Except when otherwise provided, mandatory 
distributions or payments of property to the issue of a particular individual (including 
distributions subject to the provisions of Article III) shall be distributed or paid on a per stirpes 
basis. The preceding sentence shall not apply to discretionary distributions or payments, or to 
payments made pursuant to the exercise of a power of appointment granted under this Trust 
Agreement. A per stirpital distribution or payment shall require an initial division into the 
number of shares required to provide one share for each then living child of such individual, if 
any, and one share for each then deceased child of such individual who has issue then living. 
DNI_US 39479962-1.080035,041142 ORRI115 0011 
EFTA00589356
--- PAGE 8 ---
Each then living child shall be allotted one share and the share of each deceased child shall be 
divided in the same manner among such deceased child's then living issue. 
(B) 
Beneficiaries Under a Legal Disability or Under 21. (1) Distribution of 
any money or other property from any Trust to an individual who is under a legal disability may, 
in the sole discretion of the Trustees, be made directly to that individual, or to any Person 
(including a Trustee) who is that individual's parent or that individual's guardian, conservator or 
similar fiduciary in whatever jurisdiction appointed and however denominated. 
(2) 
In addition, distribution of any money or other property from any Trust to 
an individual who is younger than twenty-one (21) years of age (whether or not he or she is an 
"infant" or "minor" under local law and whether or not he or she is under any other legal 
disability), may be made to a Person selected by the Trustees (including a Trustee) as custodian 
for such individual's benefit under the Uniform Gifts to Minors Act or the Uniform Transfers to 
Minors Act of any jurisdiction. 
(3) 
Any receipt or release furnished by a Person who receives a distribution 
pursuant to this section on behalf of a beneficiary shall fully release and discharge the Trustees 
with respect to such distribution, even though the Person furnishing such receipt or release is a 
Trustee. 
(4) 
Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this section, no distribution 
of property pursuant to this section or pursuant to law may be made to the Settlor in any 
capacity. 
(C) 
Adopted, Out-of-Wedlock and Posthumously Conceived Children. (1) 
An individual legally adopted on or before his or her nineteenth (19th) birthday shall be deemed 
to be a descendant of his or her adoptive parent or parents, and shall be deemed not to be a 
DNI_US 39479962-1.ORRA35,00112 0RRR3S 0011 
EFTA00589357
--- PAGE 9 ---
descendant of a parent of his or hers who consented to such adoption unless the adoption did not 
terminate such parent's rights as a parent, or unless such parent also adopted such individual. 
(2) 
Except as provided in subsection (5) and Article XIII(A)(22), the adoption 
of an individual after his or her nineteenth (19th) birthday by an adoptive parent other than the 
Settlor shall be ignored for purposes of determining his or her status as a descendant of any 
individual. 
(3) 
Except as provided in subsection (5), an individual who is the Genetic 
Child of parents who were not married to each other at the time of his or her birth shall be 
deemed not to be a descendant of his or her Genetic Father unless the Genetic Father (i) marries 
the Child's Genetic Mother or was married to the Child's Genetic Mother at any time during the 
period starting at the time of such individual's conception and ending at the time of his or her 
birth, (ii) adopts the individual at any time, (iii) acknowledges his paternity of such individual in 
a signed instrument filed with any court or governmental agency or delivered to any Trustee 
during such father's lifetime or (iv) functioned as a parent of the child. For purposes of this 
provision, a father shall be deemed to have functioned as a parent of his Genetic Child if he 
behaved toward the child in a manner consistent with being the child's parent and performing 
functions that are customarily performed by a parent. 
(4) 
Except as provided in subsection (5), an individual who is the Genetic 
Child of parents who were not married to each other at the time of his or her birth shall be 
deemed to be a descendant of his or her Genetic Mother unless she has no legal rights as a parent 
of such child under local law. 
(5) 
An individual who is the Genetic Child of a parent who was deceased at 
the time of such individual's conception (the "Deceased Parent") shall be deemed to be a 
DNI_US 39479962-1.O88A35.0O142 0RRR35 0011 
EFTA00589358
--- PAGE 10 ---
descendant of the Deceased Parent only if (i) the Deceased Parent gave permission for the use of 
his or her genetic material in connection with the conception of the individual in an instrument 
that was signed by the Deceased Parent, and (ii) the Deceased Parent (if living) would have had 
legal rights as a parent of the Genetic Child upon his or her birth under local law. 
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a Genetic Child shall not be deemed to be a descendant 
of the Deceased Parent for purposes of determining to whom payments are to be made under this 
Trust Agreement unless (i) the first posthumously born Genetic Child was born alive within two 
(2) years after the death of the Deceased Parent, (ii) each subsequently born Genetic Child was 
born alive within three (3) years after the previously born Genetic Child, and (iii) each Genetic 
Child is born prior to the Perpetuities Date. 
(6) 
An individual who is deemed to be a descendant of his or her adoptive 
parent by reason of adoption shall be deemed to be a descendant of all ancestors of such parent. 
An individual who is deemed not to be a descendant of a parent of his or hers who consented to 
his or her adoption by another shall be deemed not to be a descendant of any ancestor of such 
consenting parent unless such individual is a descendant of such ancestor without regard to his or 
her relationship to such consenting parent. An individual who is deemed not to be a descendant 
of his or her parent pursuant to subsection (3) or (4) shall be deemed not to be a descendant of 
any ancestor of such parent unless such individual is a descendant of such ancestor independent 
of his or her relationship to such parent. 
(7) 
For purposes of this section: (i) a child is the "Genetic Child" of each of 
the two individuals from whom he or she inherited one-half of his or her DNA; (ii) the man from 
whom a child inherited one-half of his or her DNA is such child's "Genetic Father," and (iii) the 
DM US 39479962-1.O8RS33.0O142 0RRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589359
--- PAGE 11 ---
woman from whom a child inherited one-half of his or her DNA is such child's "Genetic 
Mother." 
(D) 
Survivorship. Any beneficiary whose entitlement to property (whether 
income or principal and whether outright or in trust) under this Trust Agreement depends upon 
his or her surviving the occurrence of some event who dies under such circumstances that it is 
difficult or impossible to determine whether or not he or she was alive upon the occurrence of 
such event shall be deemed for all purposes of this Trust Agreement to have died prior to the 
occurrence of such event. 
(E) 
(Indisposed of Property. If upon the occurrence of any event any share of 
a terminated Trust shall not be completely disposed of by the other provisions of this Trust 
Agreement, then such undisposed of share shall be paid to those individuals who would have 
inherited it from the Senior, and in the same proportions in which they would have shared it, had 
the Settlor then died intestate, unmarried, the owner of it, and a resident of the State of New 
York. 
(F) 
Assignment of Trust Interests. No disposition, charge, or encumbrance of 
the income or principal of any Trust, or any part thereof, by way of anticipation, alienation, or 
otherwise shall be valid or in any way binding upon the Trustees. No beneficiary of any Trust 
may assign, transfer, encumber or otherwise dispose of the income or principal of such Trust, or 
any part thereof, until it shall be paid to such beneficiary by the Trustees. The preceding 
provisions of this section shall not apply in the case of an exercise of a power of appointment. 
No income or principal of any Trust, or any part thereof, shall be liable to any claim of any 
creditor. 
DM US 39479962-LORRR33.001I2 ORRIM 0011 
EFTA00589360
--- PAGE 12 ---
(G) 
Judicial Intervention. Under no circumstances shall § 7-1.6 of the EPTL 
or any similar provisions of law apply to any Trust. 
(H) 
Statutory Reimbursement. Under no circumstances shall § 7-1.11 of the 
EPTL or any similar provisions of law apply to any Trust if its application to such Trust would 
cause any portion of the Trust Fund of such Trust to be subject to the claims of the Settlor's 
creditors. 
(I) 
Distributions to Trusts. If the Independent Trustees of a Trust (the 
"original Trust") have the discretion to pay a portion (or all) of the Trust Fund of the original 
Trust (the "permitted portion") to or for the benefit of any one or more beneficiaries of such 
Trust (the "original discretionary beneficiaries"), such Independent Trustees may exercise such 
discretion by directing the payment of any part or all of the permitted portion to the trustee or 
trustees of another trust for the benefit of one or more of the original discretionary beneficiaries 
(the "recipient trust"), provided, however, that (i) the recipient trust does not direct or permit 
payments to or applications by the trustees for the benefit of any Person other than one or more 
of the beneficiaries of the original Trust, (ii) the recipient trust does not reduce any fixed income 
interest of any income beneficiary of the original Trust, (iii) the recipient trust ends no later than 
the Perpetuities Date, (iv) the Independent Trustees give the Settlor, or if the Settlor is not then 
competent, LEON, if LEON is then competent, written notice of his, her or its intention to make 
such direction at least five (5) days before making the direction and (v) if neither the Settlor nor 
LEON is competent, the Independent Trustees give each beneficiary of the original Trust written 
notice of his, her or its intention to make such direction at least five (5) days before making the 
direction. For purposes of clause (i) of the preceding sentence, the beneficiaries of the original 
Trust shall include all beneficiaries of such Trust, whether original discretionary beneficiaries, 
DM US 39479962-1.ORRRIS.00112 0RRR3S 0011 
EFTA00589361
--- PAGE 13 ---
income-only beneficiaries or remaindermen, and for purposes of clause (v) of the preceding 
sentence, the beneficiaries of the original Trust shall include only those persons who are 
competent and to whom current distributions from such Trust may be made. Notwithstanding 
the first sentence of this section, the terms of the recipient trust may provide any one or more of 
the original discretionary beneficiaries with a power of appointment exercisable in favor of one 
or more individuals, regardless of whether any such individual is a beneficiary of the original 
Trust. 
(3) 
Power to Postpone. (1) This Trust Agreement gives each Primary 
Beneficiary of a Trust under Article III certain powers beginning on the date on which he or she 
attains the age of thirty-five (35) years. 
(a) 
The Independent Trustees of a Trust under Article III may postpone the 
age at or after which the Primary Beneficiary of such Trust may acquire such powers, taking into 
account any prior postponements pursuant to this section. A postponement pursuant to this 
paragraph shall be effected by a written instrument signed by the Independent Trustees of such 
Trust and delivered to the Primary Beneficiary at any time prior to the Primary Beneficiary's 
acquisition of such power. 
(b) 
The Independent Trustees of a terminating Trust under Article II or III 
may, prior to funding a Trust under Article III, postpone the age or ages at or after which the 
Primary Beneficiary of such Trust would acquire such powers. A postponement pursuant to this 
paragraph shall be effected by a written instrument signed by the Independent Trustees of the 
terminating Trust and delivered to such Primary Beneficiary no later than thirty (30) days after 
the occurrence of the event upon which the terminating Trust terminates. 
II 
DNI_US 39479962-1.ORRAIS.001.12 ORRR3S 0011 
EFTA00589362
--- PAGE 14 ---
(c) 
The Independent Trustees of a Trust under Article III may suspend or 
terminate the Primary Beneficiary's power of appointment under such Article, notwithstanding 
that such powers may have been previously exercised by the Primary Beneficiary. A suspension 
or termination pursuant to this paragraph shall be effected by a written instrument signed by the 
Independent Trustees of such Trust and delivered to the Primary Beneficiary prior to the Trust's 
termination. 
(2) 
A postponement, suspension or termination pursuant to this section may 
be made by the Independent Trustees only if they determine that there is a compelling reason 
therefor, such as a serious illness or disability of such Primary Beneficiary, a pending divorce, 
potential or pending creditor claims, potential tax disadvantage to such Primary Beneficiary or 
his or her family, or similar substantial cause. 
(K) 
Power of Appointment. The Independent Trustees, at any time, may grant 
to the Settlor a limited power of appointment, which may be subject to such restrictions as 
thesuch Independent Trustees set forth in the instrument by which the power is granted, 
provided, however, that (a) the effective date of the Settlor's exercise of any such power of 
appointment shall not be prior to the date of the Settlor's death, (b) no such power may be 
exercised in favor of the Settlor, the Settlor's estate, the Settlor's creditors or the creditors of the 
Settlor's estate and (c) such power may only be exercisable over the principal portion of the 
Trust Fund and not over separately accumulated income. The grant of this power shall be 
effected by a written instrument signed by a majority of the Independent Trustees and delivered 
to the Settlor, and may be revoked at any time during the Settlor's lifetime by written instrument 
of revocation signed by a majority of the Independent Trustees and delivered to the Settlor. If 
DNI_US 39479962-1.080035,001.12 ORKR15 0011 
EFTA00589363
--- PAGE 15 ---
revoked, a new power of appointment may be granted as provided in the preceding provisions of 
this section. 
(L) 
Exercise of Powers of Appointment. 
With regard to any power of 
appointment granted under this Trust Agreement that may be exercised by the Will of the holder 
of the power, the Trustees may rely on any instrument purporting to be a certified copy of the 
Will of the holder of the power. Commencing six (6) months after the death of the holder of the 
power, the Trustees (if they have no actual notice of the existence of a purported will of the 
holder that exercises such power) shall incur no personal liability for administering the Trust as 
though the holder had not exercised the power. If the Will that exercises the power is 
subsequently discovered, any disposition of the Trust property by the Trustees shall be without 
prejudice to the rights of any appointee to recover the property from any Person to whom the 
Trustees have paid assets of the Trust or from the Trustees (in their capacities as Trustees) to the 
extent of any remaining Trust property. 
V: ADDITIONS 
(A) 
General Provisions Regarding Additions. The Settlor or any other Person 
may add property to any Trust (i) by lifetime transfers of additional property; (ii) by Will; (iii) by 
naming the Trustees as beneficiaries of one or more life insurance policies; or (iv) by any other 
means; provided that, except as otherwise provided in section (B), the Trustees, in their sole 
discretion, may decline to accept all or any portion of the additions, and may, in their sole 
discretion, accept conditional transfers or additions. If the Trustees agree to accept any 
additions, they need not retain any property in the form received. The Trustees shall add any 
property that they accept to the Trust designated by the donor, or failing such designation, this 
property shall be allocated to the Trust held under Article II if the Settlor and/or LEON  is then 
DM US 39479962-1.OSRS35,0O1.12 0RRR35 0011 
EFTA00589364
--- PAGE 16 ---
living, or if neither  the Settlor nor I EON  is notliving, ratably to all Trusts then held under 
Article HI of this Trust Agreement. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if in any year the 
Settlor transfers any property to the Trustees during her life to which the Settlor does not allocate 
any portion of her GST exemption (or if the Settlor has no remaining GST exemption), the 
Trustees shall hold such property in a separate Trust held under Article II. 
(B) 
Pour-Over Additions Front Related Trusts. (1) Notwithstanding the 
provisions of section (A), the Trustees of a Trust shall accept any property that is directed to be 
paid to such Trust under the provisions of the Settlor's Will or any Related Trust (a "Pour-
Over"). 
(2) 
If a Pour-Over is directed to be made to a Trust under a particular Article 
of this Trust Agreement to or for the benefit of an issue of the Settlor and more than one such 
Trust is then in existence, and the instrument or instructions governing the Pour-Over do not 
otherwise specify, such Pour-Over shall be allocated among such Trusts in such amounts or 
proportions, and to the exclusion of any one or more of them, as the Independent Trustees, in 
their sole discretion, shall direct. 
(3) 
For purposes of this section, a Pour-Over to a teistirust for the primary 
benefit of an issue of the Settlor under this Trust Agreement shall be given effect even though 
such Trust has yet to be created under this Trust Agreement or has previously terminated. In that 
event, the Trustees shall accept such Pour-Over and administer it under the terms of this Trust 
Agreement as though such Trust had previously been created or had never previously terminated, 
as the case may be. 
(4) 
As used in this section, the term "Related Trust" means (i) a trust held 
under a trust agreement created by the Settlor during the Settlor's lifetime or under the Settlor's 
DM US 39479962-1.09.4.435.00117 ORRR35 0011 
EFTA00589365
--- PAGE 17 ---
Will, or (ii) a trust held under any successor instrument amending or restating one or more trusts 
described in clause (i). 
(C) 
Additions as Principal. All receipts of a Trust through Additions shall be 
characterized as principal for accounting purposes. The term "Addition" shall mean an addition 
(other than a Pour-Over) made to the Trust under Article II by an individual by a transfer during 
such individual's lifetime. 
VI: TRUSTEES' INVESTMENT AND 
ADMINISTRATIVE POWERS 
(A) 
Overriding Limitation on Powers. The provisions of this Article are 
expressly subordinate to the overriding provisions of Article VII. 
(B) 
General Powers. The Trustees shall have all powers and discretion 
conferred generally upon fiduciaries by EPTL § 11-1.1 and by other provisions of law. Without 
limiting the foregoing, the Trustees shall also have the following powers and discretion as to all 
property of whatever kind at any time held by them, including income held by them, until final 
distribution, which they may exercise as they deem advisable: 
(1) 
To sell, purchase, exchange, invest and reinvest in bonds, preferred 
or common stocks, mortgages, mutual funds or money market funds, interests in 
any kind of investment trust, partnership or limited liability company, or other 
evidences of rights, interests or obligations, secured or unsecured, foreign or 
domestic, or any other property, real or personal and whether or not in the nature 
of a wasting asset, without any duty to diversify investments, and fully free of any 
and all restrictions imposed by law upon the investment of funds held by a 
fiduciary; and to retain the same for any period of time without liability therefor; 
(2) 
To employ such one or more agents, accountants, custodians, 
experts and counsel, legal or investment (including any firm with which any of 
the Trustees may be affiliated), as the Trustees shall determine, to delegate 
discretionary powers to them, to rely upon information or advice furnished by 
them, and to compensate them out of the Trust Fund of the Trust or Trusts on 
behalf of which the engagement was made (and not out of the Trustees' 
commissions); 
DM US 39479962-1.0=33.00142 ORMIS 0011 
EFTA00589366
--- PAGE 18 ---
(3) 
To improve, lease for any term (whether or not such term is 
beyond the term of the administration of the Trust which is the lessor or the term 
fixed by any law) to any Person including the Settlor, partition or otherwise deal 
with or dispose of any real or personal property or any interest therein; to 
demolish or to make alterations in and extraordinary improvements to any 
building now or hereafter located on any such property; to construct new 
buildings; and to enter into contracts or grant options (for any period) as to any of 
the foregoing; 
(4) 
To consent to the modification, renewal or extension of any note, 
whether or not secured, or any bond or mortgage, or any term or provision 
thereof, or any guarantee thereof, or to the release of such guarantee; to release 
obligors on bonds secured by mortgages or to refrain from instituting suits or 
actions against such obligors for deficiencies; to use property held under this 
Trust Agreement for the protection of any investment in real property or in any 
mortgage on real property; 
(5) 
To abandon any property, real or personal, that they deem to be 
worthless or not of enough value to warrant keeping or protecting; to abstain from 
the repairs, maintenance and upkeep of such property, and from the payment of 
taxes, water rents, and assessments regarding such property; to permit such 
property to be lost by tax sale or other proceeding, or to convey it for nominal or 
no consideration; 
(6) 
To exercise or dispose of any or all options, privileges or rights of 
any nature appurtenant or incident to the ownership of any property, including but 
not limited to rights to vote, assent, subscribe or convert; to become a party to, or 
deposit securities or other property under, or accept securities issued under, any 
voting trust agreement; 
(7) 
To assent to or participate in any reorganization, readjustment, 
recapitalization, liquidation, partial liquidation, consolidation, merger, dissolution, 
sale or purchase of assets, lease, mortgage, contract or other action or proceeding 
by any corporation and, in that connection, to subscribe to new securities, to 
exchange any property for any other property, and to pay any assessments or other 
expenses; to delegate discretionary powers to any reorganization, protective or 
similar committee; 
(8) 
To borrow money from any party, including the Settlor or any of 
the Trustees, for any purpose whatsoever, and to give or not to give security for 
the loan; 
(9) 
To consent, or to decline to consent, to the election (including any 
that is now in effect) by any corporation to be taxed under subchapter S of the 
Code or any comparable provision under state law; 
DM US 39479962-1.O=35,001.12 0RRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589367
--- PAGE 19 ---
(10) 
To make any loans, either secured or unsecured, in such amounts, 
and upon such terms as to interest and repayment, and to such Persons (including, 
but not limited to, the Personal Representatives of any estate and the trustees of 
any trust), as they determine in their discretion, and, in the case of a loan to any 
estate or trust, irrespective of whether any beneficiary, Personal Representative or 
trustee of any such estate or trust is a beneficiary or Trustee under this Trust 
Agreement; provided that all loans, other than loans from a Trust to a beneficiary 
of that Trust to whom current distributions of income may be made, shall be made 
at a reasonable rate of interest, and provided further that only the Independent 
Trustees may participate in any decision to lend property at less than a reasonable 
rate of interest; 
(11) 
To purchase assets at their fair market value from any estate or 
trust, upon such terms and conditions as they shall determine, and irrespective of 
whether any beneficiary, Personal Representative or trustee of such estate or trust 
is a beneficiary or Trustee hereunder; 
(12) 
To sell, liquidate, incorporate or carry on (for any period) any 
business which is or was conducted by the Settlor or in which the Settlor is or was 
interested as shareholder, partner or otherwise; 
(13) 
To hold property in the name of a nominee or unregistered or in 
such form as will pass by delivery; 
(14) 
To remove all or part of the assets or change the situs of 
administration of any Trust from one jurisdiction to another jurisdiction, and to 
elect, by an instrument signed by the Trustees of such Trust and filed with the 
records of such Trust, that the law of any other jurisdiction shall thereafter govern 
any one or more of the administration of any Trust the construction of the terms 
of any Trust and the validity of any Trust to such extent as the Trustees may deem 
necessary and appropriate, at any time or from time to time (and any number of 
times) as they deem advisable; 
(15) 
To satisfy any disposition (other than a specific disposition) or 
effect any distribution of income or principal with any property not otherwise 
specifically disposed of, including an undivided interest in property, in kind or in 
cash or partly in each to any one or more beneficiaries, whether or not the same 
kind of property is distributed to other beneficiaries having comparable interests; 
(16) 
To credit receipts (including, but not limited to, gains from the sale 
or exchange of property) and to charge expenditures and other disbursements to or 
between income and principal in such amounts and proportions as the Trustees 
deem advisable, without regard to any prior allocation made at any time and 
notwithstanding any contrary provision of law; 
(17) 
To open and maintain bank accounts and brokerage accounts, 
including margin accounts; 
DM US 39479962-1.ORRR3S.O61419 ORRR35 0011 
EFTA00589368
--- PAGE 20 ---
(18) 
To do any and all acts, to exercise any and all rights, to enter into 
any and all proceedings, contracts (including contracts containing guarantees, 
warranties, representations and indemnifications of any kind or nature), and other 
instruments (whether or not specified above and including but not limited to the 
preparation and filing of any and all registration statements and papers, 
documents and instruments of whatever kind and nature with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission and the payment of any and all expenses in that 
connection) necessary or proper in their opinion in the administration of any Trust 
as fully as if they were the absolute owners of such property; 
(19) 
To mortgage or pledge any or all of the assets of any Trust (herein, 
the "Pledging Trust") as security for any loan to, or otherwise in connection with 
any transaction involving, (i) the Pledging Trust or any other trust the 
Beneficiaries of which are the same as the Beneficiaries of the Pledging Trust, (ii) 
a Beneficiary, or (iii) any Entity in which the Pledging Trust, any trust described 
in clause (i), above, or a Beneficiary has an interest; to guarantee the debt or any 
other obligation or liability of the Pledging Trust, any trust described in clause (i), 
above, a Beneficiary or any Entity in which the Pledging Trust, any trust 
described in clause (i), above, or a Beneficiary has an interest; to indemnify any 
lender or other party against any claim, loss, obligation, liability or expense of any 
nature in connection with any loan to, or other transaction a participant in which 
is (w) the Pledging Trust, (x) any trust described in clause (i), above, (y) a 
Beneficiary or (z) any Entity in which the Pledging Trust, any trust described in 
clause (i), above, or a Beneficiary has an interest; and to pledge any or all of the 
assets held in the Pledging Trust as security for any such indemnity, provided that 
only the Independent Trustees may participate in the exercise of this power and 
that, for purposes of this provision, a Person shall be deemed to be a Beneficiary 
of a trust only if the trustee of such trust may make current distributions to him or 
her; and 
(20) 
To engage on behalf of any Trust in any type of security, 
commodity or currency transaction (including, without limitation, short sales, 
purchases on margin and over-the-counter and private transactions); to buy and 
sell any type of option contract (including, without limitation, so-called puts, 
calls, and straddles), or any combination of any types of option contract, relating 
to securities, commodities or currencies; to purchase quantities of any commodity 
or currency for present or future delivery; to borrow all or any part of the 
purchase price; and in the case of any such commodity purchase, to make all 
arrangements that the Trustees of such Trust deem advisable for the storage, 
maintenance and preservation of the commodity so purchased, and to pay all 
storage expenses, carrying charges and other expenses incurred in connection 
therewith out of such Trust; and to sell quantities of any commodity or currency 
for present or future delivery. 
(C) 
Reliance on Statement of Financial Resources. If the Trustees and/or 
Independent Trustees of a Trust consider the financial resources of a beneficiary in exercising 
Dtrl US 39479962-1.ORRA35.00142 0RRR35 0011 
EFTA00589369
--- PAGE 21 ---
their power to determine that distributions should be made from such Trust to or for the benefit 
of such individual, then they may, without further investigation, rely upon any written statement 
made by such individual, or on such individual's behalf, as to the nature and extent of such 
individual's financial resources. 
(D) 
Exoneration of Third Parties. (1) No Person dealing with the Trustees 
shall be bound to see to the application or disposition of cash or other property transferred to 
them or to inquire into the authority for or propriety of any action by the Trustees. 
(2) 
Every Person contracting or otherwise dealing with the Trustees of a Trust 
shall look only to the funds and property of such Trust for payment under such contract or 
payment of any money that may become due or payable under any obligation arising under this 
Trust Agreement, in whole or in part, and the Trustees shall not be individually liable therefor 
even though the Trustees did not exempt themselves from individual liability when entering into 
any contract, obligation or transaction in connection with or growing out of such Trust. 
(E) 
Consolidation of Trust Property. The Trustees shall not be required to 
segregate physically the property of multiple Trusts, but may, in their discretion, maintain any 
part or all of the trust property of any two or more Trusts in one or more consolidated funds, in 
which event the division of each such consolidated fund into the various shares or parts 
comprising it need be made only on the Trustees' books of account. 
(F) 
Combination and Division of Trusts. (1) The Trustees may combine any 
two or more Trusts having identical terms and identical beneficiaries and administer the 
combined Trusts as a single Trust. 
(2) 
The Trustees may divide any Trust into two or more separate Trusts of 
equal or unequal size, each having terms identical to the terms of the original Trust. 
DM US 39479962-1.ORRAIS.00112 ORRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589370
--- PAGE 22 ---
(3) 
If, pursuant to any authority granted in this Trust Agreement, the Trustees 
direct that (a) any Trust shall be divided into two or more separate Trusts or (b) any share of any 
Trust shall be held in more than one Trust, then the Trustees shall determine which property then 
allocated to or held in such Trust or share shall be allocated to each such separate Trust. 
(G) 
Powers Relating to Closely Held Business and Investment Interests. (1) 
As to each and any Entity, public or private, in which the Trustees, as such, hold or acquire, 
directly or indirectly, an equity interest, if the fair market value of such interest of the Trustees 
when aggregated with the fair market value of the equity interests in such Entity of (i) the Settlor, 
(ii) LEON and (iii) the trustees of all other trusts of which the Settlor or LEON is the settlor, 
exceeds one percent (1%) of the fair market value of such Entity, such Entity being hereinafter 
referred to as "the Closely Held Entity," the Trustees are hereby authorized to retain the shares 
thereof or interest therein for as long as they deem to be in the best interests of any Trust, 
regardless of the fact that such shares or interest might produce no income, regardless of any 
duty to diversify investments, and notwithstanding any other fiduciary obligation which might 
require them to dispose of such shares or interest. 
(2) 
With respect to each and every Closely Held Entity, the Trustees of any 
Trust are authorized, to the extent permitted by law, to exercise their rights and powers as 
holders of the shares or other interests in such Closely Held Entity to effect its continued 
operation, or the sale or other disposition of its assets or business, or, in their sole discretion, to 
sell, exchange, offer for redemption, or otherwise dispose of the shares of or other interests in the 
Closely Held Entity owned by any Trust, or to effect the liquidation or dissolution of the Closely 
Held Entity, at such time or times and upon such terms and conditions as the Trustees, in their 
sole discretion, shall determine. 
DM US 39479962J.ORRR35.001J2 ORRR3S 0011 
EFTA00589371
--- PAGE 23 ---
(3) 
The Trustees may participate in the management of any Closely Held 
Entity to the extent that their interest therein permits. They are expressly authorized (without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing), in their sole discretion, to select, vote for and remove 
directors of the Closely Held Entity (if the Closely Held Entity is a corporation); to name or 
change officers, managing personnel and/or operating personnel; to reduce, expand, limit or 
otherwise change the Closely Held Entity's trade or business, or any property or investment that 
it holds; to require surety bonds of employees and/or officers and specify the amount of such 
bonds and the bonding company; to employ accountants or engineers to appraise or evaluate the 
Closely Held Entity's business or assets; to employ investment or legal counsel, including any 
firm with which a Trustee may be affiliated; to charge the costs of such services against the 
interest in the Closely Held Entity owned by any Trust, or to require the Closely Held Entity to 
pay such costs; to contribute additional working capital or to subscribe to additional stock as they 
may see fit; and to take all steps and perform all acts which they shall deem necessary or 
advisable in connection therewith. 
(4) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding subsection, the Trustees 
shall not be bound or required to take part in the management of any Closely Held Entity. They 
may delegate their managerial authority (including any authority to determine the payment or 
non-payment of dividends or other distributions) to others, whether by means of employment 
agreements or other arrangements, and they may enter into voting trusts and grant irrevocable 
proxies, as they deem advisable. In the event of such delegation, the Trustees shall not be liable 
for any act or omission by the directors or other Persons charged with such management, unless 
they know or have reason to know of any act of dishonesty, misappropriation or misapplication 
of moneys or other property on the part of such directors or other Persons. No Person having an 
DM US 39479962-1.08SA35.00142 ORRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589372
--- PAGE 24 ---
interest hereunder shall be entitled in any way to compel, control or forbid the exercise in any 
particular manner of any voting or other right with regard to the Closely Held Entity which may 
at any time be vested in the Trustees. 
(5) 
Any one or more of the Trustees may act as officer, partner, director, 
manager or senior employee of the Closely Held Entity (each such capacity being hereinafter 
referred to as a "Management Position"), and the Trustees are specifically authorized to 
participate in the election or appointment of any Person or Persons, including themselves 
(whether individually and/or as Trustees), to any Management Position. Any Trustee who serves 
in a Management Position shall be entitled to receive compensation for such services 
notwithstanding that the Trustees may themselves (whether individually and/or as Trustees) be in 
a position to determine, or control the determination of, the amount of such compensation, and 
no such Person shall be required to furnish any bond in connection with any such service in a 
Management Position. 
(6) 
The Senior is aware that conflicts of interest may arise by reason of a 
Trustee's serving as such while simultaneously serving in a Management Position, or by reason 
of a Trustee's owning or purchasing an interest in the Closely Held Entity in his, her or its own 
right, and the Settlor intends that the Trustees shall, in all respects, be free to exercise the powers 
and discretion herein conferred as fully and unrestrictedly as if there were no conflicting 
interests. Consequently, the Trustees are hereby expressly exempted from the adverse operation 
of any rule of law which might otherwise apply to them in the performance of their fiduciary 
duties solely by reason of self-dealing or other conflict of interest ("conflict of interest rules"). 
In particular, the Trustees are authorized to enter into any transaction with any 
Closely Held Entity that any Trust could enter into with any unrelated third Person, without 
DM US 39479962-1.0=36.00142 0RRR3S 0011 
EFTA00589373
--- PAGE 25 ---
regard to any conflict of interest rule. The transactions described in the preceding sentence shall 
include, without limitation, (i) the purchase of property from, sale of property to or exchange of 
property with any Closely Held Entity and (ii) the borrowing of money or other property from or 
lending of money or other property to any Closely Held Entity. The Trustees may employ, on 
behalf of any Trust, agents, accountants, custodians, experts and legal or investment counsel who 
may also perform comparable services for the Closely Held Entity or for any one or more of the 
Trustees individually. In addition, any Trustee may purchase, sell, exchange or otherwise deal in 
or dispose of shares of or interests in the Closely Held Entity for his, her or its own account 
without regard to any conflict of interest rule, or any other rule that might otherwise require such 
Trustee to first offer the opportunity to enter into that transaction to any Trust of which he, she or 
it is a Trustee. 
(7) 
To the greatest extent permitted by law, no Trustee holding a Management 
Position in a Closely Held Entity shall be required to account for the acts and proceedings of 
such Closely Held Entity to any Person at any time interested in any Trust, regardless of whether 
the interest of such Trust in such Closely Held Entity, alone or in conjunction with other trusts of 
which such Trustee is a trustee, is a controlling interest. 
(8) 
For purposes of this section, (i) the Trustees will be deemed to hold an 
interest in an Entity if they hold, as such, a direct or an indirect interest in such Entity, and (ii) 
the Trustees will be deemed to hold an indirect interest in an Entity if they hold, as such, a direct 
interest in another Entity that owns a direct or indirect interest in such Entity. The extent of such 
indirect interest shall be measured by the multiplication of percentage interests through a chain 
of Entities. For example, if the Trustees hold a direct interest in an Entity ("Entity A") the fair 
market value of which constitutes fifty percent (50%) of the fair market value of Entity A and 
DM US 39479962-1.09M35.00117 ORRR35 0011 
EFTA00589374
--- PAGE 26 ---
Entity A owns a direct interest in another Entity ("Entity B") the fair market value of which 
constitutes thirty percent (30%) of the fair market value of Entity B, such Trustees would be 
deemed to hold an indirect interest in Entity B the fair market value of which constitutes fifteen 
percent (15%) of the fair market value of Entity B. 
(H) 
Special Investments and Risk. The Trustees shall have broad latitude to 
make and retain investments in real and personal property that are not ordinarily considered 
suitable for fiduciaries under the usual fiduciary investment standards and that may be 
speculative and involve unusual risks, including, without limitation, interests in any kind of 
business venture or enterprise, real estate development, minerals, commodities, and natural 
resources. The Trustees, at any time or from time to time as they deem advisable, in their sole 
discretion, may initiate such investments on behalf of any Trust, even though there may be a risk 
of loss to such Trust by reason thereof. 
Any investment may (notwithstanding any law or rule of law making trustees' 
powers non-delegable or any other law) take the form of the securities of a corporation, a general 
or limited partnership interest, membership in a limited liability company, an interest in a joint 
venture, a future interest in property, shares of beneficial interest in a business trust, or any other 
form of investment, direct or indirect, even though there may be a limited market, or, in practice, 
no effective market, for the disposition of such investment. To this end, the Settlor authorizes 
the Trustees of any Trust to enter into any such investments with the trustees of any other trust. 
(I) 
Term and Remainder Interests. The Trustees may make investments in 
the form of term interests in property (the right to possess or to receive income from property for 
a designated number of years or for the life of a designated individual) or in the form of 
DM US 39479962-1.0RUM.001.12 ORRIUS 0011 
EFTA00589375
--- PAGE 27 ---
remainder interests in property (the right to receive property after the expiration of a preceding 
interest in such property). 
(J) 
Advisors; Delegation. The Trustees are specifically authorized to rely on 
the advice of investment counsel or other appropriate advisors (including any firm with which 
any Trustee may be affiliated). They may, pursuant to a contract or contracts with an investment 
counsel or other appropriate advisor, delegate all or a portion of their investment powers to such 
investment counsel or other appropriate advisor (notwithstanding any law or rule of law making 
trustees' powers non-delegable or any other law), and, if they do so, they shall not be liable for 
losses incurred by reason of such delegation or incurred in acting or refraining from acting in 
reliance on the advice of such investment counsel or other appropriate advisor except for their 
own failure to exercise care, skill and caution in (i) selecting and periodically reviewing such 
investment counsel or other appropriate advisor, (ii) establishing the scope and terms of the 
delegation and (iii) controlling the overall cost by reason of the delegation. 
(K) 
Residential Property and Tangible Personal Properly. (1) The powers 
conferred by this section are in addition to, and not in limitation of, the powers set forth in the 
preceding provisions of this Article. 
(2) 
The Trustees of any Trust may retain or purchase any residential property, 
including residential property that is occupied or intended for occupancy by any one or more of 
the beneficiaries of such Trust, and may develop or make improvements in or repairs to any 
residential property owned by such Trust including residential property that is occupied or 
intended for occupancy by any one or more of the beneficiaries of such Trust. In addition, the 
Trustees of such Trust shall permit any one or more of the beneficiaries of such Trust to occupy 
DM US 39479962-1.O88S35.0O1.12 0RRMS 0011 
EFTA00589376
--- PAGE 28 ---
any residential property owned by the Trust upon such terms and conditions (as to the payment 
of rent, repairs or otherwise) as the Independent Trustees of such Trust deem appropriate. 
(3) 
The Trustees of any Trust may retain or purchase any item of tangible 
personal property, including tangible personal property for the use of any one or more of the 
beneficiaries of such Trust, and shall permit any one or more of such beneficiaries to use any 
such item of tangible personal property upon such terms and conditions (including any relating to 
insurance and preservation) as the Independent Trustees of such Trust deem appropriate. 
(4) 
For purposes of this section, the beneficiaries of a Trust at any particular 
time shall include only those Persons to whom current distributions from such Trust may be 
made, and the term "residential property" shall include real property (together with buildings, 
fixtures, and improvements thereon), interests in condominium units (including common areas), 
and cooperative apartments (together with proprietary leases and shares of stock relating 
thereto). 
(L) 
Senior's Power to Reacquire Trust Assets. The Settlor at any time or 
from time to time may acquire or reacquire any portion of the Trust Fund of the Trust under 
Article II by substituting therefor other property of an equivalent value, valued on the date of 
substitution. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Trust Agreement, the Settlor may 
exercise this power without the consent of the Trustees. Although this power is exercisable by 
the Settlor in a non-fiduciary capacity without the consent of any of the Trustees, the Settlor 
must certify in writing that the property substituted is of equivalent value to the property 
acquired or reacquired. The Trustees have a fiduciary duty to confirm that the assets proposed to 
be substituted are of equivalent value. If they believe that the property the Settlor seeks to 
substitute for trust property is not in fact property of equivalent value, the Trustees shall seek a 
DM US 39479962-1.089435.00142 ORRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589377
--- PAGE 29 ---
determination by a court of competent jurisdiction to assure that the equivalent value 
requirement of this section is satisfied. The Settlor, at any time, may release this power. Any 
release under this section shall be irrevocable and shall be made by instrument in writing signed 
by the Settlor and delivered to each Trustee. 
(M) 
Senior's Power to Borrow. The Settlor at any time or from time to time 
may borrow any portion of the Trust Fund of the Trust under Article II. If the Settlor borrows 
the Trust Fund, or any portion thereof, the Independent Trustees shall determine the rate of 
interest to be charged, which rate shall not be less than a reasonable market rate of interest at the 
time the loan is made, and shall determine whether or not the loan should be secured. The 
Settlor, at any time, may release this power to borrow. Any release under this section shall be 
irrevocable and shall be made by instrument in writing signed by the Settlor and delivered to 
each Trustee. 
(N) 
Self-Dealing. The Settlor authorizes financial transactions, both direct 
and indirect, between the Trust held under Article II and any Trustee of such Trust with the 
consent of LEON if LEON is then competent, and between a Trust held under Article III and any 
Trustee of such Trust with the consent of the Primary Beneficiary of such Trust but only if the 
Primary Beneficiary is competent and is at least thirty-five (35) years of age (including, without 
limitation, purchases, sales and leases of property, loans, agreements, and employment and 
compensation for services), notwithstanding any rule of law relating to self-dealing, provided 
only that the interested Trustee act in good faith and that the consideration paid by the Trust or 
by the Trustee be reasonable. 
VII: RESTRICTIONS ON POWERS 
Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Trust Agreement: 
DM US 39479962-1.ORRAIS.00112 ORKR15 0011 
EFTA00589378
--- PAGE 30 ---
(A) 
Limitation on Senior's Powers. No power granted to the Settlor under 
any provision of this Trust Agreement shall be exercisable by the Settlor if the possession of 
such power would result in the treatment of the Settlor's transfer of any property to the Trustees 
as incomplete in whole or in part for gift tax purposes or would cause any property so transferred 
to be included in the Settlor's gross estate for federal estate tax purposes except as provided in 
Article IV(K). 
(B) 
Satisfaction of Legal Obligations. As to any Trust, neither the principal 
nor the income of such Trust may be used to satisfy an enforceable legal obligation of any 
individual other than an individual to whom, or for whose benefit, current distributions of the 
Trust Fund of such Trust may be made. 
(C) 
Distributions to or for the Benefit of Trustees. (1) No Trustee shall 
participate in a decision to distribute property for his or her benefit or to himself or herself in any 
capacity whatsoever (other than (i) distributions that are mandatory under this Trust Agreement, 
(ii) distributions for his or her health, education, support and maintenance and (iii) distributions 
to trusts pursuant to Article IV(I), provided that the terms of such trusts do not give such Trustee 
any greater interest in trust property than such Trustee has in the Trusts from which such 
distributions were made and do not give the Trustees any power that would cause the property of 
such trusts to be included in such Trustee's gross estate for estate tax purposes or in any other 
Person's gross estate), including, but not limited to, the capacity as a custodian for the benefit of 
his or her child under the Uniform Gifts to Minors Act or the Uniform Transfers to Minors Act 
of any jurisdiction. Notwithstanding clause (ii) of this subsection, no Trustee shall participate in 
a decision to distribute property from a Trust for his or her health, education, support or 
DM US 39479962-1.ORRAIS.001.12 ORRIM 0011 
EFTA00589379
--- PAGE 31 ---
maintenance if such power would result in any portion of the Trust Fund being subject to the 
claims of such Trustee's creditors. 
(2) 
No Trustee shall participate in a decision to use the property of any Trust 
in such a manner as to discharge any obligation of such Trustee, including, without limitation, 
any obligation of support. 
(D) 
Modifications. No Trustee shall participate in a decision to modify the 
terms of any Trust in such manner as would increase or decrease his or her powers over or 
interests in such Trust. No Trustee shall participate in a decision to modify the terms of any 
Trust in such manner as would or might increase his, her or its compensation from such Trust. 
(E) 
Change of Law. No Trustee shall participate in a decision to remove all 
or part of the assets or change the situs of administration of any Trust from one jurisdiction to 
another jurisdiction, or to elect that the law of any other jurisdiction shall govern any one or 
more of the administration of a Trust, the construction of any terms of a Trust or the validity of 
any Trust if such removal, change of situs or election (each a "Jurisdictional Change") would 
have the effect of altering any beneficial interest under this Trust Agreement. For purposes of 
this provision, the laws of a jurisdiction that permit trustees to appoint property in further trust 
("Decanting Laws") shall not be taken into account, except to the extent that the Decanting Laws 
of such jurisdiction would not permit the terms of any Trust or trust to which property of a Trust 
is appointed to violate the rule against perpetuities applicable to such Trust or trust at the time of 
such Jurisdictional Change. Only the Independent Trustees may participate in a Jurisdictional 
Change decision if the Jurisdictional Change will result in any Trust or trust being subject to 
Decanting Laws that are more broad than the Decanting Laws applicable to such Trust or trust 
prior to the Jurisdictional Change decision. 
DM US 39479962J.ORRR35.OO142 ORRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589380
--- PAGE 32 ---
(F) 
Powers of Appointment. No holder of any power of appointment (other 
than a power expressly exercisable in favor of the holder, the holder's estate, the holder's 
creditors or the creditors of the holder's estate) shall exercise such power (i) in favor of himself 
or herself, his or her estate, his or her creditors, or the creditors of his or her estate, (ii) in such 
manner as to discharge any obligation of such Person, including, without limitation, any 
obligation of support or (iii) in exchange for any consideration in money or money's worth, 
including, but not limited to, an agreement by another Person to exercise a power of appointment 
in the holder's favor. 
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the holder of a power of 
appointment over the property in a Trust may exercise that power in favor of another trust if (a) 
the holder's interest in such trust is no greater than his or her interest in such Trust and (b) the 
holder's powers over such trust are no greater than his or her powers over such Trust. No holder 
of any power of appointment shall exercise such power to create a trust or to appoint property to 
the trustee or trustees of a trust if the duration of such trust could, by its terms, extend beyond the 
Perpetuities Date. 
(G) 
Power to Remove Trustees. No Person shall exercise his or her power to 
remove a Trustee of any Trust because of such Trustee's exercise or failure to exercise a power 
which, if held by the Person exercising the removal power, would result in any portion of the 
Trust Fund of such Trust being included in such Person's gross estate for federal estate tax 
purposes. 
VIII: IRREVOCABILITY; MODIFICATION 
(A) 
Irrevocable by Settlor. This Trust Agreement and the Trusts may not be 
altered, amended, revoked or terminated by the Settlor, in whole or in part. 
DM US 39479962-1.OSRS35.0O1.12 0RRR35 0011 
EFTA00589381
--- PAGE 33 ---
(B) 
Scope of Independent Trustees' Modification Power. (1) At any time or 
from time to time during a Modification Period, the Independent Trustees, by unanimous consent 
of all of the Independent Trustees, may modify the terms of this Trust Agreement and any of the 
Trusts, provided, however, that no modification shall violate any of the following prohibitions: 
(a) 
No portion of the Trust Fund of any Trust may be paid to or applied for 
the benefit of any individual other than a Beneficiary at any time while any Beneficiary is living, 
except as provided in paragraph (dg) of this subsection. 
(b) 
No portion of the Trust Fund of any Trust may be paid to or applied for 
the benefit of any Entity other than a Permitted Entity at any time while any Beneficiary is 
living. 
(c) 
Neither the Settlor nor the Settlor's estate may ever be the recipient of any 
portion of the Trust Fund of any Trust, if such portion of the Trust Fund is paid to the Settlor or 
the Settlor's estate for less than fair market value, individually or as guardian, conservator, 
committee, receiver, trustee, custodian under the Uniform Gifts to Minors Act or the Uniform 
Transfers to Minors Act of any jurisdiction, or in any other capacity on behalf of any Person, 
provided that the Settlor or the Senior's estate may be the recipient of the Trust Fund of any 
Trust to the extent that it is paid to the Settlor or the Settlor's estate as reimbursement for any 
income taxes paid by the Settlor or the Senior's estate as a result of any income of such Trust 
being taxable to the Settlor under § 671 of the Code provided that such reimbursement must be 
made within one (I) year of such payment, and provided further that no such modification may 
be made if the existence of the power to make this modification or if the making of this 
modification would cause any portion of the Trust Fund of any Trust to be subject to the claims 
of the Settlor's creditors or the creditors of the Senior's estate. 
DNI_US 39479962-1.0/0011S.0O112 ORRR3S 0011 
EFTA00589382
--- PAGE 34 ---
(d) 
Neither the Settlor nor any Beneficiary may ever be authorized to remove 
a Trustee except as provided under the provisions of Article X, which may not be amended 
except to further restrict or eliminate such authority. 
(e) 
The date upon which any Trust terminates may not be later than the 
Perpetuities Date. 
(0 
The definitions of the terms "Beneficiary," "Beneficiaries," "issue," 
"Permitted Entity," "Permitted Trust," "Settlor's Children" and "Settlor's issue" may not be 
changed. For purposes of this provision, the provisions of Article IV(C) shall be deemed to be 
part of the definition of "issue." 
(g) 
The definition of the term "Perpetuities Date" may not be modified with 
respect to any particular Trust if the power to effect such modification would itself violate the 
rule against perpetuities applicable to such Trust at the time of such modification and may not be 
modified in any manner that would violate the rule against perpetuities applicable to such Trust 
at the time of such modification. 
(h) 
The definition of the terms "Independent Trustees" and "Related Person" 
may not be modified except to add to the class of Trustees who are not Independent Trustees. 
(i) 
0) 
The provisions of section (A) may not be changed. 
The provisions of this section (B) may not be changed, except to further 
restrict the modification powers conferred upon the Independent Trustees. 
(k) 
The provisions of Article VII may not be changed, except to further 
restrict the powers of the Trustees. 
(2) 
Notwithstanding subsection (1), no modification power may be 
exercisable by the Independent Trustees if, or to the extent that, the possession of such power 
DM US 39479962-1.O2U35.0O1.12 0RRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589383
--- PAGE 35 ---
would result in the treatment of any of the Settlor's transfers to the Trustees as incomplete for 
federal gift tax purposes or would cause any property so transferred to be included in the 
Settlor's gross estate for federal estate tax purposes. 
(C) 
Exercise of Modification Power. Any modification authorized by this 
Article (i) shall be in writing, (ii) shall be signed and acknowledged by all of the Independent 
Trustees, (iii) shall state the date upon which it is to become effective, which date shall not be 
earlier than five (5) days after the date a copy of such writing has been delivered to the Settlor or 
to LEON if the Settlor is not living or is under a disability, and (iv) shall be filed with the trust 
records maintained by the Trustees. Any modification may be revoked by unanimous consent of 
all of the Independent Trustees at any time prior to its effective date but only during a 
Modification Period, and, unless such modification specifically provides that it is to be 
irrevocable, at any time after its effective date during a Modification Period. Revocation of a 
modification (i) shall be in writing, (ii) shall be signed and acknowledged by all of the 
Independent Trustees then serving (whether or not they are the ones who made the modification), 
(iii) shall state the date upon which it is to become effective, which date shall not be earlier than 
the date a copy of such writing has been delivered to the Senior or to LEON if the Settlor is not 
living or is under a disability, and (iv) shall be filed with the trust records maintained by the 
Trustees. A copy of each modification and revocation of modification shall be delivered to each 
Trustee who is not an Independent Trustee. 
(D) 
Release or Suspension of Modification Power. 
Even though the 
Independent Trustees' power of modification under this Article is a fiduciary power, the 
Independent Trustees may, at any time, completely (or partially) release the power or they may 
suspend it for a specific period of time. Any such release or suspension (i) shall be effected in 
DM US 3917996?-L.ORRR3S.00119 ORRR3S 0011 
EFTA00589384
--- PAGE 36 ---
the same manner as a revocation of a modification, as provided in section (C), (ii) shall be 
irrevocable, and (iii) shall bind all Trustees serving at any time. 
(E) 
Administrative and Technical Modifications. Notwithstanding any other 
provisions of this Article, the Trustees of any Trust (other than the Settlor) may modify the 
administrative and technical provisions of such Trust at any time or from time to time as the 
Trustees deem appropriate for the proper administration of such Trust, and the Independent 
Trustees of any Trust may modify the provisions of Article IV(F) as it applies to such Trust at 
any time or from time to time as the Independent Trustees deem appropriate taking into account 
the best interests of the beneficiaries of such Trust or any one or more of them. The authority to 
modify pursuant to this section may not be exercised in any manner that would alter any 
beneficial interest in any Trust (except that a modification of Article IV(F) that might be deemed 
to be an alteration of a beneficial interest may nevertheless be made) or that would disqualify any 
Trust for an income or transfer tax deduction or exclusion for which it would otherwise qualify. 
Any modification authorized by this section: (i) shall be in writing signed and acknowledged by 
all of the Trustees (other than the Settlor) or Independent Trustees, as the case may be, of the 
Trust to which such modification relates, (ii) shall state the time at which or the event upon 
which the modification is to be effective and (iii) shall be filed with the trust records maintained 
by the Trustees. 
IX: ACCOUNTING BY TRUSTEES 
(A) 
Settlement of Accounts by Agreement. (I) The Trustees of any Trust 
may from time to time settle their accounts with respect to such Trust by agreement with each 
Interested Party who is legally competent and with the legally appointed guardian, conservator, 
or similar fiduciary, however denominated in the jurisdiction appointed (in each case other than 
DN1_US 39479962-1.0.49436.00112 ORRIM 0011 
EFTA00589385
--- PAGE 37 ---
the Settlor), of each Interested Party who is under a legal disability, or, in the case of an 
Interested Party who is a minor, a parent of such minor who is not (i) the Senior, (ii) a Trustee 
whose accounts are being settled or (iii) a Person who is otherwise an Interested Party. For 
purposes of the preceding sentence, the term "Interested Party" means, as to the accounts of the 
Trustees for any period, a Person who would be a necessary party in a judicial proceeding for the 
settlement of such accounts, after giving effect to the provisions of SCPA § 315 and section 
(GE). 
(2) 
Such agreement shall bind all Persons, whether or not then living or under 
a legal disability, then or thereafter entitled to any property of the Trust accounted for, whether 
principal or income, and shall completely release and discharge the Trustees for the acts and 
proceedings so accounted for. 
(B) 
Judicial Settlement of Accounts The Trustees shall not be required to 
render annual or periodic accounts to any court, whether or not required by statute Nothing 
contained in this Article shall preclude the Trustees from seeking a judicial settlement of their 
accounts 
(C) 
Cost of Accounting 
If a Trustee obtain% a judicial or non-judicial 
settlement of such Trustee's accounts with respect to a particular Trus( such Trustee shall pay 
the costs and ex enses of any such action, including, but not limited to, the compensation and 
expenses of attorneys and puardia s from principal or income. or both, of the Trust as such 
Trustee in its sole discretin determines 
CD.) 
(B) Change of Beneficial Interest Prohibited. 
Notwithstanding any 
contrary provision of this Article, no settlement of the Trustees' accounts by agreement shall 
release and discharge the Trustees if an effect of such agreement is to enlarge the beneficial 
DM US 39479962J.ORRR33.001I2 ORRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589386
--- PAGE 38 ---
interest of any Person under this Trust Agreement or to shift any beneficial interest under this 
Trust Agreement as between Persons who hold such beneficial interests. 
LEI 
(G)-Service Upon Persons Under Disability. In any proceeding relating to 
the Trust, service upon any "person under disability" as defined in SCPA § 103, shall not be 
necessary when another Person who is a party to the proceeding has the same interest, whether 
concurrent or successive, as the person under disability. 
X: TRUSTEE DESIGNATIONS, 
RESIGNATIONS, AND REMOVALS 
(A) 
Designation of Additional and/or Successor Trustees. (1) The Settlor 
may, at any time or from time to time, designate additional and/or successor trustees of any 
Trust. 
(2) 
At any time or from time to time when the Settlor is not living or is under 
a disability or has temporarily or permanently relinquished the power to designate trustees, 
LEON, if then competent, may designate additional and/or successor trustees of any Trust. 
(3) 
At any time or from time to time when each of the Settlor and LEON is 
either deceased or under a disability or has temporarily or permanently relinquished the power to 
designate trustees, those of the Settlor's Children who are competent and at least thirty-five (35) 
years of age may designate additional and/or successor trustees of any Trust held under Article 
II. 
(4) 
At any time or from time to time when each of the Settlor and LEON and, 
with respect to a Trust held under Article II; each of the Settlor's Children, is either deceased or 
under a disability or has temporarily or permanently relinquished the power to designate trustees, 
the Trustees of any Trust may designate additional and/or successor trustees of such Trust unless 
DM US 39179962-LARRR35.OO142 ORRIM 0011 
EFTA00589387
--- PAGE 39 ---
the Trust is held under Article III and the Primary Beneficiary of that Trust has the power to 
designate trustees of such Trust. 
(5) 
At any time when the Primary Beneficiary of a Trust held under Article III 
is competent and is at least thirty-five (35) years of age, he or she may designate additional 
and/or successor trustees of such Trust, including himself or herself, provided that such power to 
designate trustees has not been postponed pursuant to Article IV(J). 
(6) 
If at any time a Trust has no Trustee then serving and there shall be no 
designated successor who agrees to act as trustee by signing the written instrument required by 
section (G) within a reasonable period following the date such vacancy arose, any one or more of 
the Settlor's Children who are competent, may designate himself or herself as a trustee of such 
Trust. 
(7) 
If at any time the Trust held under Article II has no Independent Trustee 
then serving who can etereisesexercise all of the powers conferred on the Independent Trustees, 
any Beneficiary may designate a Person to serve as trustee of such Trust who would be an 
Independent Trustee if such Person were a Trustee. 
(B) 
Procedure for Designating Trustees. (1) Any designation authorized by 
section (A): (i) shall be in writing signed by those making such designation; (ii) shall state the 
time at which or the event upon which it is to be effective; (iii) shall state whether the designee is 
to serve as a co-trustee or as a successor trustee, and if more than one Person is designated as a 
successor trustee, the order of succession; and (iv) shall specify the commissions payable to the 
Persons designated if other than the commissions prescribed by law. 
DM US 3947996?J.ORRR3i.001Jl ORRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589388
--- PAGE 40 ---
(2) 
Except as provided in subsections (3) and (4), if inconsistent instruments 
of designation exist, the instrument that bears the most recent date and that makes an unrevoked 
designation shall govern. 
(3) 
Any instrument of designation made by the Senior or LEON, as the case 
may be, pursuant to subsection (1) or (2) of section (A) may provide whether, and the extent to 
which, it may be superseded by a designation made by any other Person. Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Article, (i) no instrument of designation made by the Senior may be 
revoked or superseded by any Person other than the Settlor or LEON (if then competent) except 
to the extent authorized by the Settlor pursuant to this subsection and (ii) no instrument of 
designation made by LEON may be revoked or superseded by any Person other than the Settlor 
or LEON (if then competent) except to the extent authorized by LEON pursuant to this 
subsection, except that the Primary Beneficiary of a Trust under Article III may revoke or 
supersede any designation of trustee of such Trust made by any Person (including the Settlor and 
LEON) at any time when such Primary Beneficiary has the power to remove Trustees of such 
Trust pursuant to section (D). 
(4) 
Any instrument of designation made by a Primary Beneficiary of a Trust 
held under Article III may provide whether, and the extent to which, it may be superseded by a 
designation made by any other Person. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Article, no 
instrument of designation made by such Primary Beneficiary may be revoked or superseded by 
any other Person except to the extent authorized by such Primary Beneficiary pursuant to this 
subsection. 
(5) 
Except as otherwise provided in subsections (3) and (4), any instrument of 
designation may be revoked at any time, as to any designee who has not taken office (but not as 
DM US 39479962J.ORRR35.0O142 ORRS35 0011 
EFTA00589389
--- PAGE 41 ---
to any designee who has), by the Person or Persons then entitled to make a designation. Such 
revocation shall be in writing. In case of such revocation a new designation may be made as 
specified above. 
(C) 
Resignation of Trustees. Any Trustee of any Trust may resign as Trustee 
at any time by delivering a written notice of resignation to: (i) each Trustee of such Trust, or if 
there is none, to the next successor trustee of such Trust; (ii) the Settlor, if then competent; (iii) 
LEON, if then competent; and (iv) the Primary Beneficiary, if any, of such Trust if he or she is 
then competent. The resignation shall take effect upon the date stated in the notice, whereupon 
all duties of the resigning Trustee shall cease, other than the duties to account and to transfer and 
deliver all property then held in the Trust to each remaining Trustee and/or successor trustee. 
(D) 
Removal of Trustees. (1) The Settlor may, at any time or from time to 
time when the Settlor is competent, remove any Trustee of any Trust. 
(2) 
At any time when the Settlor is not living or is under a disability or has 
temporarily or permanently relinquished the power to remove Trustees, LEON, if then 
competent, may remove any Trustee of any Trust. 
(3) 
At any time or from time to time when each of the Settlor and LEON is 
either deceased or under a disability or has temporarily or permanently relinquished the power to 
designate trustees, those of the Settlor's Children who are competent and at least thirty-five (35) 
years of age may remove any Trustee of any Trust held under Article II. 
(4) 
The Primary Beneficiary of a Trust held under Article III may, at any time 
or from time to time when he or she is competent and is at least thirty-five (35) years of age, 
remove any Trustee of such Trust, provided that such Primary Beneficiary's power to remove 
has not been postponed pursuant to Article IV(J). 
DM US 39479962-L.ORAA3S.00149 ORRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589390
--- PAGE 42 ---
(5) 
The power to remove a Trustee pursuant to this section shall be 
exercisable by written notice of removal delivered to the Trustees and shall take effect upon the 
date stated in the notice, whereupon all duties of the removed trustee shall cease, other than the 
duties to account and to transfer and deliver all property then held in the Trust to each remaining 
and/or successor Trustee. If the Trustee who has been removed was an Independent Trustee, the 
removal will not be effective until the individual exercising the removal power designates a 
Person to serve as trustee of such Trust, such designee agrees to act as trustee of such Trust by 
signing the written instrument required by section (G), and such Person is then an Independent 
Trustee. 
(E) 
Mandatory Ineligibility. For all purposes of this Trust Agreement, (i) an 
individual who is under a disability shall be ineligible to serve as trustee of any Trust, and if 
already in office, shall be deemed to have resigned, and (ii) an individual who was the Settlor's 
spouse or the spouse of an issue of the Senior and who ceases to be such spouse, shall be 
ineligible to serve as trustee of any Trust, and if already in office, shall be deemed to have 
resigned. 
(F) 
Powers of Successor Trustees. 
All powers, authority and discretion 
herein granted to the Trustees shall pass to and be exercisable by each successor trustee (whether 
or not designated by instrument) when he, she or it becomes a Trustee. No Trustee shall be 
obliged to examine the accounts, records, and acts of any previous Trustee under the Trust 
Agreement or any allocations of receipts or disbursements as between principal and income 
made by any previous Trustee under the Trust Agreement. 
(G) 
Acceptance of Trusteeship. Before taking office as Trustee, each Person 
other than the original Trustees shall accept the terms of this Trust Agreement and shall agree to 
DM US 39479962-1.0.S.SAIS.00112 ORRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589391
--- PAGE 43 ---
act as trustee under this Trust Agreement by signing a written instrument to that effect. A Person 
shall be deemed to have taken office as a Trustee when he, she or it signs that instrument (but not 
before his, her or its designation is to take effect by its terms). 
(H) 
Records of Trustees. Each instrument that designates a trustee under this 
Trust Agreement, that revokes or amends such a designation, that signifies a Person's acceptance 
of the office of trustee under this Trust Agreement, that removes a Trustee or that signifies a 
Trustee's resignation shall be filed with the trust records maintained by the Trustees and a copy 
of it shall be delivered to each co-Trustee, if any. 
(I) 
No Bond. No bond (including any bond with respect to advance payment 
of commissions) or other security shall be required of any Trustee, any provision of law to the 
contrary notwithstanding. 
XI: ACTION BY TRUSTEES 
(A) 
Declining to Participate. Any Trustee, at any time or from time to time, 
may decline to participate in any one or more decisions to be made by the Trustees. Any such 
refusal shall be set forth in a written instrument signed by such Trustee or on his, her or its behalf 
and delivered to each other Trustee. 
(B) 
Release or Suspension of Powers. Any Trustee, at any time or from time 
to time, may release or suspend for a specified period of time any power conferred on such 
Trustee under this Trust Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in Article VIII(D), such 
release or suspension shall be irrevocable if the document by which the release or suspension is 
effected states that it shall be irrevocable and shall bind all of such Trustee's successors if such 
document states that it is intended to bind such successors. Any such release or suspension shall 
DM US 39479962-1.OM35.0O1.12 0RRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589392
--- PAGE 44 ---
be effected by written instrument signed by the Trustee making the release or suspension and 
delivered to each other Trustee. 
(C) 
Majority Decisions. Except as otherwise provided, all decisions as to any 
Trust authorized or required to be made hereunder by the Trustees or by the Independent 
Trustees shall be made by a majority of the Trustees or Independent Trustees, as the case may 
be, of such Trust, who are not precluded by law or this Trust Agreement from making the 
decision and who have not declined to participate in the decision, but their ministerial duties 
(such as signing of checks, execution of brokerage transactions relating to securities or 
commodities, and execution of applications for life insurance) may be executed by any one 
Trustee. 
XII: LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY OF TRUSTEES 
(A) 
Limitation of Liability. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of law, 
no Trustee, individually or as Trustee, nor his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors 
and assigns shall be liable, to any Person having an interest in any Trust, to any third party, or to 
such Trust for any act taken or omitted in his or her capacity as Trustee unless such act or 
omission was made in bad faith and with full knowledge that such act or omission constituted a 
breach of his or her fiduciary obligations under this Trust Agreement. In particular, without 
limiting the foregoing, no Trustee shall be liable to any Person having an interest in any Trust, to 
any third party or to such Trust for any loss which may result from any investment of a character 
authorized hereunder, or its retention, unless it can be affirmatively shown that in making or 
retaining such investment such Trustee acted fraudulently in fact (as distinguished from any 
imputed, constructive or assumed fraud) or in deliberate, willful and intentional disregard of the 
interests of the beneficiaries of such Trust. 
DNI_US 39479962-1.0=1S.00112 ORRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589393
--- PAGE 45 ---
(B) 
Indemnification. Each Trust shall indemnify each Trustee of such Trust, 
individually and as Trustee, and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and 
assigns and hold each of them harmless from and against any loss, damage or expense (including 
fees and disbursements for legal services) which they may suffer, sustain, incur or be called upon 
to pay as a result of any action, proceeding, claim or demand being made or brought against 
them by reason of or relating to any act or omission, investment, collection or disbursement by 
the Trustees (other than an act or omission that is not protected from liability under section (A)) 
in connection with the administration, investment, or distribution of such Trust, and shall 
discharge the obligations of such indemnity immediately as incurred by them, and shall pay to 
them on demand the expenses incurred by them in connection with any such action, proceeding, 
claim or demand in advance of their final disposition. 
(C) 
Retention of Counsel. 
If any action, proceeding, claim or demand 
("Claim") is asserted or brought by any Person against any Trustee of any Trust, such Trustee 
may retain separate counsel (including any firm with which any Trustee is affiliated in any 
capacity) or other professional advisers to defend against such Claim and may pay for such 
services out of the income or principal of such Trust, but only until a court of competent 
jurisdiction has determined that such Trustee is liable for an act or omission that is not protected 
from liability under section (A) in connection with such Claim. If a court of competent 
jurisdiction determines that such Trustee is liable for an act or omission that is not protected from 
liability under section (A) in connection with such Claim, such Trustee shall repay the Trust for 
all fees previously paid to such Trustee's separate counsel or other professional advisers to 
defend against the Claim. 
DNI_US 39479962-1.08SAIS.00142 ORKR15 0011 
EFTA00589394
--- PAGE 46 ---
XIII: DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 
(A) 
Definitions. For purposes of this Trust Agreement, the following terms 
have the following meanings: 
"Beneficiary": a particular one of the Beneficiaries. 
"Code": the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
"competent": an individual shall be deemed competent if he or she is 
living and not under a disability. 
(4) 
"disability": except as otherwise provided, an individual shall be deemed 
under a disability or to have suffered a disability (i) if and for so long as such individual lacks 
sufficient understanding or capacity to make and communicate decisions about his or her 
property, his or her business affairs or matters concerning a Trust in or over which he or she 
holds an interest or power, (ii) if such individual is under a legal disability, as defined in this 
Article, or (iii) if the individual has disappeared, is unaccountably absent, or is being detained 
under duress in such manner as to be unable effectively and prudently to attend to his or her 
financial interests. The existence of a disability described in clause (i) above shall be established 
by the written opinion of two licensed physicians or psychiatrists that a disability (as defined in 
clause (i)) exists. The licensed physicians or psychiatrists shall be designated by the Trustees 
other than the individual whose disability is being determined, or, if the individual whose 
disability is being determined is the sole Trustee, by the next successor trustee or trustees under 
this Trust Agreement or if there are no such successor trustees, by the Person or Persons then 
authorized under Article X to designate successor trustees. No Trustee shall have a duty to 
institute an inquiry into the possible disability of any Person, but the expense of an inquiry into 
the disability of a Trustee of a Trust or a beneficiary of a Trust reasonably instituted by any 
DM US 39479962-1.0=35.001.12 ORRR3S 0011 
EFTA00589395
--- PAGE 47 ---
Person described in the immediately preceding sentence shall be paid from the Trust Fund of 
such Trust. Beginning on the thirty-first (31st) day following the commencement of an inquiry 
into the possible disability of an individual described in clause (i), such individual shall be 
deemed under a disability described in clause (i) unless within thirty (30) days of such 
commencement he or she authorizes the use and disclosure of his or her individually identifiable 
health information or other medical records in the manner required by the Health Insurance 
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996. An inquiry into the disability of an individual 
described in clause (i) shall be deemed to commence when the Person or Persons who have the 
power to designate the physicians or psychiatrists who are to establish whether such individual is 
under a disability deliver to such individual written notice that such an inquiry has commenced. 
The existence of a disability described in clause (iii) shall be determined by the Trustees other 
than the individual whose disability is being determined, or if the individual whose disability is 
being determined is the sole Trustee, by the next successor trustee or trustees under this Trust 
Agreement or if there are no such successor trustees, by the Person or Persons then authorized 
under Article X to designate successor trustees. LEON shall also be deemed under a disability at 
any time when LEON is not the Settlor's spouse. 
(5) 
(6) 
(7) 
"Entity": any Person other than an individual. 
"EPTL": the New York Estates, Powers and Trusts Law. 
"health, education, support and maintenance": 
the aggregate of the 
meanings ascribed to the terms "health," "education," "support" and "maintenance" in §§ 2041 
and 2514 of the Code. 
(8) 
"Independent Trustees": at any particular time, the Trustees other than (a) 
the Settlor, (b) a Beneficiary, (c) if the Settlor is living, a Person designated as trustee by the 
DM US 39479962-1.0RRA36.0O112 0RRR35 0011 
EFTA00589396
--- PAGE 48 ---
Settlor pursuant to Article X(A)(1), (d) if LEON or the Settlor is living, a Person designated as 
trustee by LEON who is a Related Person as to LEON or the Settlor, (e) a Person designated as 
trustee who is a Related Person as to a Beneficiary then living who participated in the 
designation decision, (0 any individual whose possession of any of the powers and discretion 
conferred upon Independent Trustees under this Trust Agreement would result in any portion of 
the Trust Fund of any Trust in existence on the date of the Settlor's death being included in the 
Settlor's gross estate for federal estate tax purposes, or would result in any portion of the Trust 
Fund of any Trust in existence at such individual's death being included in his or her gross estate 
for federal estate tax purposes, or would result in any portion of the Trust Fund of any Trust in 
existence at the death of a Beneficiary being included in his or her gross estate for federal estate 
tax purposes, or (g) any individual whose possession of, exercise of, or failure to exercise any of 
said powers (other than the power to modify section (E) of Article IV) and discretion would 
result in any portion of the Trust Fund of any Trust being included as a taxable gift of such 
individual for federal gift tax purposes at any time. 
(9) 
"issue": except as otherwise provided in this Article and subject to the 
provisions of Article IV(C) regarding adopted, out-of-wedlock and posthumously conceived 
children, all descendants of any degree of the designated ancestor. 
(10) 
"legal disability": an individual shall be deemed under a legal disability if 
he or she (i) is a minor, (ii) has been legally declared incompetent, or (iii) is an individual for 
whom a guardian, conservator or similar fiduciary (however denominated in the relevant 
jurisdiction) has been appointed. 
(11) 
"LEON": the Settlor's husband, LEON D. BLACK. 
DNI_US 39479962-1.0RRAIS.0O1.12 0RRR1S 0011 
EFTA00589397
--- PAGE 49 ---
(12) 
"limited power of appointment": any power of appointment that is not a 
general power of appointment as defined in § 2041 of the Code. 
(13) 
"Modification Period": a time when the Settlor or LEON is living and 
competent. 
(14) 
"Permitted Entity": any Entity that is (i) a Permitted Trust or (ii) an Entity 
all of the interests in which are owned entirely by one or more of the Beneficiaries and/or one or 
more Permitted Trusts. For purposes of determining whether an interest in an Entity is owned 
entirely by one or more of the Beneficiaries and/or one or more Permitted Trusts, if an interest in 
an Entity (the "subsidiary Entity") is owned by another Entity (the "parent Entity"), the interest 
in the subsidiary Entity shall be treated as owned by the owner or owners of the parent Entity, 
and the ownership of any interest in the parent Entity by another Entity shall be similarly 
attributed until all ownership interests in the subsidiary Entity are established. 
(15) 
"Permitted Trust": a trust that (i) does not permit the trustees to make any 
payments to or applications for the benefit of any Person other than a Beneficiary or a Permitted 
Entity while any Beneficiary is living, (ii) if created by the Settlor, is created prior to the 
execution of this Trust Agreement, and (iii) has no terms which Article VIII(B) would not permit 
as the terms of a Trust under this Trust Agreement. A trust which otherwise satisfies the 
requirements of the preceding sentence shall be deemed to be a Permitted Trust notwithstanding 
that any Beneficiary has, or may in the discretion of a trustee be granted, a special or general 
power of appointment, whether exercisable during life or by Will or other instrument taking 
effect at death. 
(16) 
"Perpetuities Date": the date occurring twenty (20) years and eleven (11) 
months after the death of the last survivor of all of the issue of (i) the Settlor's mother, OHO 
DM US 39479962-1.09SS35.001.12 ORRIM 0011 
EFTA00589398
--- PAGE 50 ---
LEON's mother and (iii) IRENEE duPONT (born December 21, 1876) late of the State of 
Delaware, living on the date of execution of this Trust Agreement. 
(17) 
"Person": any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, joint-
stock company, trust, limited liability company, unincorporated organization, government or 
political subdivision thereof or other entity. 
(18) 
"Personal Representatives": as to a particular individual, the Person or 
Persons, whether denominated as executors, administrators, personal representatives or 
otherwise, duly authorized to administer that individual's estate pursuant to that individual's Will 
in the jurisdiction in which such Will is admitted to original probate, or pursuant to the laws 
governing the administration of that individual's estate if he or she died without a Will. 
(19) 
"Related Person": 
as to an individual, a Person who is related or 
subordinate to such individual within the meaning of § 672(c) of the Code (determined as though 
such individual were the grantor, as that term is used in § 672(c) of the Code). 
(20) 
"SCPA": the New York Surrogate's Court Procedure Act. 
(21) 
"Settlor": DEBRA R. BLACK. 
(22) 
"Settlor's Children": the Settlor's children, BENJAMIN ELI BLACK, 
JOSHUA MAX BLACK, ALEXANDER SAMUEL BLACK and VICTORIA RACHEL 
BLACK, all children born to the Settlor after the date of this Trust Agreement who are issue of 
the Settlor within the meaning of this section and all children adopted by the Settlor after the date 
of this Trust Agreement regardless of their ages at the time of such adoption. 
(23) 
"Settlor's issue" or "issue of the Settlor": the Senior's Children and their 
issue (as defined in this section) living at any particular time. 
DM US 39479962-1.O88A36.0O142 0RRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589399
--- PAGE 51 ---
(24) 
"spouse": as to any individual, at any particular time, the person to whom 
such individual is married and with whom he or she is living, or, if he or she is not living, the 
person to whom he or she was married and with whom he or she was living at the time of his or 
her death, whether or not that person has remarried. 
For purposes of this subsection, (i) 
separation for reasons other than marital discord shall be ignored and (ii) an individual shall be 
deemed not to be married to the person to whom he or she is married (or was married at the 
individual's death) if either the individual or such person has instituted an action that seeks as its 
relief, in whole or in part, a legal separation or an annulment or termination of the marriage, and 
thereafter the individual has not given written notice to the Trustees that such person shall 
continue to be his or her spouse for purposes of this Trust Agreement. The Independent Trustees 
(other than the person whose status is being determined) shall determine whether a person is or 
was an individual's spouse at any particular time and any such determination shall be binding 
and conclusive on all persons who in any way may be affected thereby. The Settlor confirms 
that as of the date of execution of this Trust Agreement, the Settlor's spouse is LEON. 
(25) 
`"treasury Regulations": the regulations promulgated by the United States 
Treasury Department as authorized by § 7805 of the Code. 
(26) 
"Trust": a particular one of the Trusts. 
(27) 
`Trust Agreement": this trust agreement, as it may be modified from time 
to time pursuant to Article VIII. 
(28) 
"Trust Fund": as to any Trust or trust, all property (principal plus accrued, 
accumulated and undistributed income) that, at any particular time, belongs to such Trust or 
trust, as the case may be. 
DM US 39479962J.ORRR3&001.12 ORRR35 0011 
EFTA00589400
--- PAGE 52 ---
(29) 
"Trustees": 
each Trustee and all Trustees serving under this Trust 
Agreement at any given time. 
(30) 
"Trusts": all separate trusts held or to be held under this Trust Agreement 
at a particular time. 
(31) 
"Will": the Last Will and Testament of an individual or any codicil 
thereto, whenever executed, that is duly admitted to probate. 
(B) 
Rules of Construction. 
For purposes of this Trust Agreement, the 
following rules of construction apply: 
All references to a body of laws (such as the Code), to a body of 
regulations (such as the Treasury Regulations), or to any provision thereof, shall be deemed to 
refer to such body of laws, regulations or provision thereof, as the same may be amended from 
time to time, and shall be deemed to refer as well to any subsequent body of laws, regulations or 
provisions thereof enacted in its place. 
(2) 
Unless otherwise specifically provided, all references to Articles refer to 
Articles of this Trust Agreement, all references to sections refer to sections of the Article within 
which the reference occurs, and all references to subsections refer to subsections of the section 
within which the reference occurs. 
(3) 
Except where the context otherwise requires, (i) words importing the 
masculine or feminine gender include the other and the neuter, if appropriate, and (ii) words 
importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa. 
(4) 
A document shall be deemed to have been delivered to a Person at such 
time as it is actually received by such Person. 
DNI_US 39479962-1.09=36.001.12 ORRI115 0011 
EFTA00589401
--- PAGE 53 ---
(5) 
The titles of Articles and headings of sections contained in this Trust 
Agreement are included solely for purposes of identification, and shall not be used to construe 
any provision contained in this Trust Agreement or for any other reason. 
(6) 
The words "will" and "shall" are used interchangeably in this Trust 
Agreement. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, when this Trust Agreement provides 
that Trustees will or shall take a particular action, the Trustees must take that action. When the 
Trust Agreement provides that the Trustees may take a particular action, the Trustees have the 
discretionary authority to take the action, but are not required to do so. 
(C) 
Governing Law. Except as otherwise validly elected pursuant to Article 
VI(B)(14), all questions pertaining to the validity, construction and administration of this Trust 
Agreement and the Trusts shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of New 
York in effect from time to time. 
(D) 
Partial Invalidity. If any provision or condition of this Trust Agreement 
is determined to be void or invalid, then such invalidity shall not affect any other provision or 
condition hereof, but the remainder of this Trust Agreement shall be effective as though such 
void provision or condition had not been contained herein. 
(E) 
Counterparts. This Trust Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts and all of such counterparts, when taken together, shall constitute the whole. 
DM US 39479962-1.ORSS33.00142 ORRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589402
--- PAGE 54 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Settlor and the Trustees have signed this Trust 
Agreement on the date stated on page one. 
DEBRA R. BLACK, Settlor and Trustee 
LEON D. BLACK, Trustee 
RICHARD RESSLER. Trustee 
DM US 394799624.0SRMS.00142 ORRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589403
--- PAGE 55 ---
SCHEDULE A 
$4,120,000 
DEBRA R. BLACK, Settlor 
DM US 394799624.0SRMS.00142 ORRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589404
--- PAGE 56 ---
STATE OF 
) ss.: 
COUNTY OF 
On the 
day of 
, 2012, before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and 
for said State, personally appeared DEBRA R. BLACK, personally known to me or proved to me 
on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within 
instrument and acknowledged to me that she executed the same in her capacity, and that by her 
signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of which the individual 
acted, executed the instrument. 
Notary Public 
STATE OF 
COUNTY OF 
) ss.: 
On the 
day of 
, 2012, before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and 
for said State, personally appeared LEON D. BLACK, personally known to me or proved to me 
on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within 
instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his capacity, and that by his 
signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of which the individual 
acted, executed the instrument. 
Notary Public 
DNI_US 39479962-1.0004135,001.12 0RRR1S 0011 
EFTA00589405
--- PAGE 57 ---
On the 
day of 
2012 before me the undersigne a Notary Public in and 
for said State, personally appeared RICHARD RESSLER, personally known to me or proved to 
me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the 
within instrument and acknowledged tome that he executed the same in his capacity, and that by 
his signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of which the individual 
act 
executed the instmment 
Notary Public 
Dtrl US 39479962-1.ORRS33.0O1.12 0RRRIS 0011 
EFTA00589406
--- PAGE 58 ---
To Be Completed 
Substitute Form VS 9 
No Foreign Situs Assets 
by U.S. Grantors of U.S. Grantor Trusts With 
Print or type 
Name (as shown on your income tax return) 
DEBRA R. BLACK 
Business name. if different from above 
Exempt from 
backup withholding 
Check appropriate box: 121 individual/ 
Corporation 
• Partnership 
Others 
Sole Proprietor 
Address (number, street. and apt. or suite no.) 
City, state. and ZIP code 
Rill I 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on Line I 
to avoid backup withholding. For individuals, this is your social security number (SSN). 
However, for a resident alien, sole proprietor, or disregarded entity, see Part I of the instructions 
on page 3 of the Form W-9 on the IRS website. For other entities, it is your employer 
identification number (EIN). 
Social security number 
or
Employer identification number 
I'art It 
Certification 
Under penalties of perjury, 
I. The number shown 
2. I am not subject 
Revenue Service (IRS) 
notified me that I am 
3. I am a U.S. person 
Certification Instructions. 
withholding because 
For mortgage intere 
arrangement (IRA), 
provide your con& 
I certify that: 
on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me), and 
to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal 
that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has 
no longer subject to backup withholding, and 
(including a U.S. resident alien). 
You must cross out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup 
you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return. For real estate transactions, item 2 does not apply. 
t paid, acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual retirement 
and generally, payments other than interest and dividends, you are not required to sign the Certification, but you must 
TIN. 
Sign Here 
Signature of 
U.S. person s 
Date I 
Instructions 
This form should be completed by a U.S. person who, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is treated as the owner of a trust that has its situs 
and all of its assets located within the United States. 
The top part of the form should reflect the name and address of the grantor. Part I should reflect the grantor's taxpayer identification number. 
The grantor should make the certification required in Part II. Further instructions, including instructions that may be relevant to grantors that 
are entities, can be found on the Form W-9 posted to the IRS website. 
When completed, this form or a copy thereof should be given to the trustee of the trust and kept with trust records. This form should NOT be 
delivered to financial institutions or other payors. 
DNI_US 39.479962-1.ORRRIS.00112 0RRR3S 0011 
EFTA00589407
--- PAGE 59 ---
Document comparison by Workshare Professional on Wednesday, November 
28, 2012 3:45:36 PM 
Input: 
Ilk 
, 
Document 1 ID 
interwovenSite://DM_US/DM_US/39479962/1 
Description 
#39479962v1<DM US> - Debra Black 2012 Family Trust 
Agreement 
Document 2 ID 
interwovenSite://DM_US/DM_US/39479962/2 
Description 
#39479962v2<DM US> - Debra Black 2012 Family Trust 
Agreement 
Rendering set 
standard 
Legend: 
a 
Insertion
Deletion-
Moved-front-
Moved to 
Style change 
Format change 
Moved-deletion-
Inserted cell 
Deleted cell 
Moved cell 
Split/Merged cell 
Padding cell 
Count 
Insertions 
Deletions 
Moved from 
Moved to 
Style change 
Format changed 
Total changes 
EFTA00589408

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589409.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589409.pdf
----------------------------------------
(home page) 
Jeffrey Epstein: Career in Finance 
Jeffrey Epstein is known to-setne-as a philanthropist and a supporter of science and 
education. However he also has a long standing career in finance. Before-he-heeame 
hiroself-te-finanee-re-this-very-der His- Similar to his philanthropic work. Epstein's 
financial career has spanned over several concentrations from options trading and asset 
management to real estate and media. has-inektiled-WOrk-at-nurneretts-fmaneiel 
institutions, 
Origins of a Financier 
Mr. Epstein was born in Brooklyn. He attended the prestigious Lafayette High School. 
From there, he went on to receive an education in mathematics and physics from a couple 
of noteworthy organizations including r He-teek-Wille-slasses-at-The Cooper Union for 
the Advancement of Science and the Arts, a private college in the East Village, and -He 
also-studied-at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences. 
From his earliest days Epstein's his-love of finance and his devotion to education were 
interwoven. In fact, he worked briefly as a teacher an-educator before applying himself to 
full-time work as a financial professional. From 1973 through 1975, Mr. Epstein taught 
was-a-washer-of-calculus and physics at the prestigious  Dalton School in New York City. 
From there, he went on to a career at Bear Stearns. 
At Bear Stearns 
In 1976, Mr. Epstein began his financial career in earnest, as an options trader at the well-
known investment  firm,_-known-as-Bear Stearns. In this profession, he put his zeal for 
math to good use, specializing in such mathematical models as the Black-Scholes 
options-pricing model. Later, he began to work in the special products division advising 
herer his-rele-was-to-ailviee-high end, high net-worth clients on tax strategies. 
Mr. Epstein was at Bear Stearns for several years, and succeeded there,rIn-faeir he 
becoarnirge a partner in 1980. He then took his experience with the company and put it 
to good use, forming a new company of his own. 
At J. Epstein & Co. 
The firm that Epstein  he-started was a financial management firm, simply titled, J. 
Epstein & Co. Founded in 1982, the purpose of the company was to help manage the 
finances of clients whose net worth was more than a billion dollars. One of the best-
known of Mr. Epstein's clients, in-this-endeavewas Leslie Wexner, owner of the 
popular Limited chain of clothing stores. 
EFTA00589409
--- PAGE 2 ---
Mr. Epstein dedicated himself to enjeyed-Wofk-at-this company for -more than a 
decademannears., taking on clients from all over the world, including politicians and 
heads of state. In 1996, he changed the name of the firm to The Financial Trust Company 
and rHe relocated its headquarters to the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
In Publishing 
The financial interests of Mr. Epstein led him, in 2003, to place public bids on the 
popular New York Magazine. Epstein hle bid on this magazine alongside advertising 
executive Donny Deutsch; investor Nelson Peitz; publishing guru Mortimer Zuckerman; 
and the famous Hollywood producer and distributor, Harvey Weinstein,, a-farneas 
Hellyweed-ifirn-predeeer, They were outbid, in the end, by Bruce Wasserstein, a long-
time Wall Street investor. 
parteership-withatekerrnenr A year later; in 2004, Epstein and Zuckerman they 
collaborated on financing a nationally syndicated celebrity and pop culture magazine 
called Radar. The two of them were the financial backers for the magazine, with Jeffrey 
Epstein and Mr. Zuckerman putting up as much as $25 million to fund the publication. 
Radar editor Maer Roshan retained a small ownership stake. 
hi Real Estate 
Over the years, The-finaeeial-interests-ec Mr. Epstein has shown substantial interest in 
real estate development both as part of his business but on a personal level as well. are 
net-just-eenctned40-publishingr  ef-eeurser bat4hey-alse-efteentpass-his-persenal-real-estete 
develearnent-entleaversrOn the personal side, Epstein has developed several residences 
around the world, including In-partieelarr  he-has-beeente-invelved-with-the development 
of St. James Island, off of St. Thomas,  in the U.S. Virgin Islands. Since moving his 
business operations to St. Thomas,the-V-irgin4slands, Mr. Epstein has become very 
involved with the area, providing funding for numerous schools, programs and youth the 
leeal--Y-MGA-and-ether-eemmueity-organizations. 
In the United States, Epstein Me-also maintains-real-estate-interests-ki-the-eentinental 
Uniterl-StatesrIn-Manhattanr  he-maintains a 50,000 square foot townhouse in New York 
City, New York, which is reportedly the largest private residence in Manhattan and was 
formerly the well-known Birch Wathen School. The house was formerly owned by Leslie 
Wexner. 
There-ar÷several-Oether real estate assets that Epstein he-maintains, throughout the 
natien-US and the world and has designed and or restored from scratch include:  . He ha:: 
a villa in Palm Beach, Florida; a ranch in Santa Fc, New Mexico; and an apartment in 
Paris, France. 
Jeffrey Epstein: Investing in Real Estate & in Science 
EFTA00589410
--- PAGE 3 ---
In 1990. 
. 
Epstein and Leslie Wexner, his 
longtime client collaborated  partnered-in-1-990-on a major real estate development, called 
The New Albany Company. Based in Columbus, Ohio, this suburban real estate 
development is regarded as one of the finest in the area. Mr. Epstein's support was 
instrumental to its foundation. 
Funding for Science 
Finellyr we-eente-te-the-realtn-inawhieli-Mr. Epstein's main financial interest however has 
always been in the sciences. feraninsr pechapsr bestanewar  and-thet-is-his-finassial 
suppeFt-ef-ssienserHe has long track record of supporting the most proven-a-vesal 
pcepenent-ef cutting edge scientific research and education in fields ranging from 
neuroscience, genetics and physics to artificial intelligence. Epstein has supported many 
prestigious science labs and universities across the world, including Harvard University, 
Princeton, Cornell, Columbia and countless others. Over the years, his funding has 
pushed the envelope of discovery into new exciting frontiers , and has offered invaluable 
opportunities to many upcoming scientists.  he-hesgrown-inte-a-str-eng-fineneitti-stippenef 
wOlk-ita-ft-finatieier7 
One of Epstein's his-best-known contributions to science is his support of the Program 
for Evolutionary Dynamics, at Harvard University. This cutting-edge program studies 
human evolution on a purely mathematical and biochemical level. Founded in 2003, the 
program and its vital, ongoing work are only possible because of the support of Mr. 
Epstein. 
The Beginnings of a Financier of Science 
HierwerkricEssieneethilanthrepy-has-enly-sentinued-ffem4hefer Gufrentlyr  Today, one of 
his-Epstein's biggest science projects is the Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation, which 
provides funding for numerous scientific and educational endeavors throughout he U.S. 
and the world. Since the founding of The Program for Evolutionary Dynamics in 2003 
tThe Foundation has branched out substantially into other fields including proven-active 
in-its-support for ecmedical research, economics -study,—and more adding to  ; it, too, is a 
eFunial-cempenen4-in Epstein's legacy as a financier. 
Throughout his career, Mr. Epstein has shown a keen interest in the study and application 
of finance, something that has served him well both in his work as an options trader and a 
financial manager. It has also served Jeffrey Epstein well in his role as a philanthropist. 
Though his areas of interest are varied, and include everything from real estate to 
publishing, there is no question that Jeffrey Epstein is ultimately a financier at heart. 
EFTA00589411
--- PAGE 4 ---
( 3108 page) 
Jeffrey Epstein: His Education 
1f Jeffrey Epstein's career as a financier and science philanthropy began with his 
education has-fleurishedr it-is-surely-en-the-basis-of--the-bethoek-edueation-he-reeeiveda 
a-young-inan,Mfr Epstein-has-enjoyed-the-geod-feetune-ef-studying-at some of the most 
noteworthy eateatienal-institutions in the New York area including rIndeed,he-attended 
classes-at-bath the Cooper Union and-at the Courant Institute where he studied 
mathematics and physics..; at theac fine ochoola, hc dcvelopcd the lovc of math and 
finanee-that-would-sesve-hini-through-theoemainder-ef-his-eareer, 
At the Cooper Union 
From 1969 through 1971, Mr. Epstein took classes at The Cooper Union for the 
Advancement of Science and Art. Founded in 1859, this private college is located in the 
East Village area of Manhattan, located at the corner of Cooper Square and Astor Place. 
The school's history is one of innovation; its long-held belief that the very best education 
should be prove-available, to any and all students, was revolutionary, at-the-timer  and it is 
still a vital tenant  today. The Cooper Union provides full scholarships to every student 
who is admitted. 
At the Courant Institute 
Following his time at the Cooper Union, Mr. Epstein attended classes at the Courant 
Institute of Mathematical Sciences. The Institute This-is an independent division of New 
York University, NYU,  and is operated by the faculty of Art & Science. The Courant 
Instituter and-k-serves as an advanced research and training center, focusing on computer 
science and mathematics and ,The-Institute is named for Richard Courant, a long-time 
mathematics professor at NYU. 
The Courant Institute has an impeccable reputation. In fact, it is heralded around the 
world as one of the finest centers for mathematical research and training that there is. 
Frequently, the Institute is ranked #1 in the field of applied mathematical research. It is 
likewise known for its focus on pure, theoretical mathematics. 
At the Dalton School 
In addition to receiving a world-class education, Mr. Epstein has-also served as an 
educator himself. From 1973 through 1975, he taught calculus and physics at the Dalton 
School. Epstein's thoroughly enjoyed teaching and was championed by the parent 
community, which ultimately launched him into This-vms-hefoce-he-began-his placement 
and career as an options trader at Bear Stearns. 
Originally called the Children's University School, Dalton is a university prep school, 
located in the Upper East area of Manhattan. This school, at which Jeffrey Epstein taught, 
EFTA00589412
--- PAGE 5 ---
is based in three Manhattan buildings, and is known for successfully training young 
people for entrance into Ivy League schools. Effective teaching has always been a huge 
interest of Jeffrey Epstein's and he remains keenly involved in innovative educational 
programs around the country, particularly in early education. proud-ef The-time-he-spent 
as-an-edtteater-at-the-Deltem-Seheol7 
EFTA00589413
--- PAGE 6 ---
(3108 Page) 
Jeffrey Epstein: Black-Scholes Model 
In 1976, Jeffrey Epstein began his financial career in earnest, accepting a position at 
Shear Steams as an options trader. While there, he-found-that-he was able to put his love 
of mathematics to good uses.  In-pacticelacr he-eame-te-specializirge in the Black-Scholes 
option-pricing model. This remained Epstein's his-speeieity focus at the firm until he 
moved into the special products division, a few years later. 
About Black-Scholes 
The Black-Scholes model is a mathematical model of a financial market; it is sometimes 
known as the Black-Scholes-Merton model. Theis model contains certain derivative 
investment instruments and ahe-inedel-is used to derive the Black-Scholes formula, 
which allows one to obtain the price of European-style options .over time. The model 
quickly played a key component in hedging strategy to eliminate risk. 
The hiotoric 3ignificancc of thic model i difficult to ovorntate. The advent of this formula 
effectively ushered in a boom in options trading. Additionally, it brought scientific 
legitimacy to the endeavors of the Chicago Board Options Exchange. As Mr. Epstein's 
use of it makes clear, the model is still used by many financiers and options traders to this 
day. While no model is perfect, the Black-Scholes has proven, time and time again, to 
offer fairly accurate prices. 
A History of Black-Scholes 
The model was first articulated in 1973, in a paper published by Fischer Black and Myron 
Scholes. The paper was published in the Journal of Political Economy and became rT-he 
paper-Nwts-tietewectliy-noteworthy  for offering a partial differential equation—now 
known as the Black-Scholes equation—allowing one to calculate whieli-allews-finaneial 
experts-te-ealeulate-the price of an option over time. The purpose of the must-signi€icant 
idea-behind-the-equation was is-to perfectly  hedge an option by pecfeetly-theeption-by 
buying and selling the underlying asset in a *err precise way, effectively seelOng-to 
eliminate risk." Whet-is-implied-hece-is-thet-there-is-enlr eneeerfeetpciee-fer-a-given 
Black-Scholes Today 
The first person to publish a paper, expanding the mathematical understanding of this 
model and coining the "Black-Scholes" title, was Robert C. Merton. Meanwhiler  Merton 
and Scholes were-won the Nobel Prize for their work recipients-in 1997, in the field of 
Economics. Black, who died in 1995, was ineligible, but was mentioned favorably by the 
Nobel committee. 
EFTA00589414
--- PAGE 7 ---
Jeffrey Epstein made a name for himself at Bear Steams by applying and further 
developing this model. From there, he went on to work with high net value clients, 
assisting them with tax strategies and asset management. Jeffrey Epstein became a 
partner at Bear Stearns in 1980. 
EFTA00589415
--- PAGE 8 ---
( 3198 page) 
Jeffrey Epstein and Leslie Wexner 
Jeffrey Epstein has enjoyed a successful professional relationship with Leslie Wexner 
for several  decades-now. The-twe-fir-st-eaine-inie-oentael-with-eaoli-other-lin 1987r  when 
Wexner became a high-profile client of Epstein's J. Epstiein & Co. financial management 
firm. Wexner is best known as the founder and chairman of the Limited chain of 
women's clothing stores and founder of the prominent Wexner Arts Center in Columbus, 
Ohio. Over the years, Epstein and Wexner tthe-twea-have-stieeessfully-collaborated on 
many different dynamic projects together.-in-seceFal-cmys-in-the-following-yeaFs.
About Mr. Wexner 
Leslie Wexner, also known simply as "Les," is an American businessman and 
philanthropist, born in Dayton, Ohio and passionate about his native Ohio to this very 
day. A graduate of Ohio State University, Mr. Wexner came into the spotlight found 
sueeess through the foundation of the Limited line of clothing stores, whieh-are-now a 
nationwide chain. 
Wexner's Limited empire encompasses many major brands r Seme-ofThem-includimie 
Victoria's Secret, Pink, Bath & Body Works, and The White Barn Candle Company. 
Previous brands that have spun off include Lane Bryant, Express, The Limited Too, and 
several others. 
Wexner is also known for his philanthropy. In 1989, he and his mother became the first 
people to make a $1 million personal donation to the United Way. Mr. Wexner is also an 
ardent advocates for education and the arts and founded the prestigious Wexner Arts 
Center for modern and contemporary art in Columbus, Ohio. 
Real Estate Developments 
In the early 1990's, Mr. Wexner and Mr. Epstein collaborated  oltimately-pastnered-oin a 
serious-large scale suburban development community called New Albany, located just 
outside Columbus Ohio. The New Albany project ambitiously developed beautifully 
designed Georgian style brick manor homes, together with a brick layered main street and 
shops•
 oalled-Isiew-Allsanyr is 
€rnaneial-support: 
To this day, The New Albany Company remains one of Ohio's top real estate 
development companies and continues to dedicate itself a high-level of aesthetic 
excellence and integrity. It-is-knewn-fer-its-inneyalienr  but-alse-for-its-eenooitinent-io 
high-end-hofnesr The original vision for this company was Wexner's; and he continues to 
EFTA00589416
--- PAGE 9 ---
he-wasr  and-isr  passionately devote himself to his home state of abeut-beilding-up-his 
beloved-Ohio. 
Epstein's Real Estate Development More-Cenneetions-Retween-Eretein 
and-IVenner 
Over the years, Epstein has developed his own portfolio of beautifully designed homes. 
Currently, MfrEpsteinhe -is the proud owner of a 50,000 square foot townhouse in 
Manhattan New York. The home is regarded as the largest private residence in all of 
Manhattan_r The+eme-and was formerly owned by none-other-then-Mr. Wexner. Prior to 
that, the home was the residence of the famed Birch Wathen School for boys.,  who 
In 2005, Epstein completed his Florentine style ranch in New Mexico, designed by 
himself and encompassing architectural attributes from different cultures including the 
American West. The ranch includes horse stables and several guest houses. The facade of 
the main residence is actually painted by Florentine artisans to capture the right kind of 
Ox blood tone. Since then, Epstein has also renovated an 18th century apartment in Paris, 
France and maintains his residence in Palm Beach, Florida. 
One of Epstein's most ambitious real estate developments has been the development of 
Little St. James' Island off of St. Thomas in the Caribbean. Epstein developed a fully 
functional resort on the island, guest houses and landscaped the islands beaches and 
coastlines. He has plans to develop an exclusive academic library on the island and uses 
the island to host world conferences with eminent scientists and other academics. 
In-faetr Jeffavy-Epetein-has-befrewed-sevecal-pages-from-the-hes-Wexoer--playbeekrhike 
MfrWetheprEpstein-lias-gfewn-keealy-iatefeste4-in-Fee4-estate-iavestmem-and 
developmentrAbo like Mr. Wcxner, Jeffrey Epstein han developed a reputation for 
philenthrepyr  lergety-threugh-his-Feundetien-fer-support-ef-the-seienees-and-edueefien: 
EFTA00589417

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589418.pdf
----------------------------------------
DESK SET 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, L.P. 
OWNERSHIP HISTORY 
2006 - 2009 
PREPARED: NOVEMBER 2012 
PAUL, WEISS, RIFKIND, WHARTON & GARRISON LLP 
EFTA00589418
--- PAGE 2 ---
DOCUMENTS INDEX 
This desk set contains copies of documents relating to the ownership history of LBF 
Holdings, LLC and Black Family Partners, L.P. from December 2006 to August 2009. 
EFTA00589419
--- PAGE 3 ---
DOCUMENT 
TAB 
I. 
SUMMARY 
A. Steps Deck 
A 
B. Steps Summary and Timeline 
C. Summary Valuation Spreadsheet 
D. Current Structure Chart 
E. Errata Issues 
II. 
STEP 
CREATION OF 2006 GRATS 
A. The Judah Investment Trust Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2006, by and 
among Leon D. Black, as Settlor, and Leon D. Black and John J. Hannan, as 
Trustees (the "Judah Investment Trust Agreement")  
A 
1. Schedule A — Transferring Leon D. Black's entire interest in Apollo 
Management, L.P. (Apollo Management III, L.P.) to Judah Investment 
Trust A 
2. Schedule B — Transferring Leon D. Black's entire interest in Apollo 
Management IV, L.P. to Judah Investment Trust B 
3. Schedule C — Transferring Leon D. Black's entire interest in Apollo 
Management V, L.P. to Judah Investment Trust C 
4. Schedule D — Transferring Leon D. Black's entire interest in Apollo 
Management VI, L.P. to Judah Investment Trust D 
5. Schedule E — Transferring Leon D. Black's entire interest in Apollo 
Investment Management, L.P. to Judah Investment Trust E 
6. Schedule F— Transferring Leon D. Black's entire interest in Apollo Value 
Management, L.P. (Apollo Value Investment Fund Management, L.P.) to 
Judah Investment Trust F 
7. Schedule G — Transferring Leon D. Black's entire interest in Apollo SVF 
Management, L.P. to Judah Investment Trust G 
8. Schedule H — Transferring Leon D. Black's entire interest in Apollo Asia 
Management, L.P. to Judah Investment Trust H 
9. Schedule I — Transferring Leon D. Black's entire interest in Apollo 
Europe Management, L.P. to Judah Investment Trust I 
10. Schedule J — Transferring Leon D. Black's entire interest in Apollo 
Alternative Assets, L.P. to Judah Investment Trust J 
11. Schedule K — Transferring points in Apollo Advisors VI, L.P. to Judah 
Investment Trust K 
B. First Amendment of the Judah Investment Trust Agreement, dated May 17, 2007 
and acknowledged June 6, 2007 
EFTA00589420
--- PAGE 4 ---
DOCUMENT 
TAB 
C. The Black 2006 Trust Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2006, by and 
among Leon D. Black, as Settlor, and Leon D. Black and John J. Hannan, as 
Trustees 
I. The Black 2006 Family Trust Agreement Instrument of Designation of 
Additional Trustee and Acceptance of Designation as Additional Trustee, 
dated February 1, 2008, designating Richard Ressler 
2. Amendment 
D. Assignment and Assumption Agreements, dated as of December 21, 2006, by 
and between Leon D. Black (Assignor) and each of the Assignees listed below: 
I. Judah Investment Trusts A through J 
2. Judah Investment Trust K 
E. Reports prepared by Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC valuing the following 
interests as of December 21, 2006:  
I. 30.35% limited partnership interest in Apollo Management III, L.P. (held 
by Judah Investment Trust A) 
2. 30.35% limited partnership interest in Apollo Management IV, L.P. (held 
by Judah Investment Trust B) 
3. 30.35% limited partnership interest in Apollo Management V, L.P. (held 
by Judah Investment Trust C) 
4. 30.35% limited partnership interest in Apollo Management VI, L.P. (held 
by Judah Investment Trust D) 
5. 26.80% limited partnership interest in Apollo Investment Management, 
L.P. (held by Judah Investment Trust E) 
6. 26.90% limited partnership interest in Apollo Value Investment Fund 
Management, L.P. (held by Judah Investment Trust F) 
7. 44.00% limited partnership interest in Apollo SVF Management, L.P. 
(held by Judah Investment Trust G) 
8. 44.00% limited partnership interest in Apollo Asia Management, L.P. 
(held by Judah Investment Trust H) 
9. 44.00% limited partnership interest in Apollo Europe Management, L.P. 
(held by Judah Investment Trust I) 
10. 44.0% limited partnership interest in Apollo Alternative Assets, L.P. 
(held by Judah Investment Trust J) 
F. Schedule of Taxable Gifts Made to the Judah Investment Trusts (A through K), 
dated as of December 21, 2006 (Tax Return of Leon D. Black) 
G. Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP Memorandum Regarding December 2008 Annuity 
Payments from 2006 GRATs, dated May 5, 2008 
H. Summary of Annuity Payments 
EFTA00589421
--- PAGE 5 ---
DOCUMENT 
TAB 
1. For Payments Made in 2007 
2. For Payments Made in 2008 
III. 
STEP II: CREATION OF LBF HOLDINGS, LLC 
III 
A. Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of LBF Holdings, LLC, 
dated as of April 11, 2007 
A 
B. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of 
LBF Holdings, LLC, dated as of October 30, 2007 
IV. 
STEP III: APRIL 2007 ROLL-UP 
IV 
A. Assignment and Assumption Agreements, dated as of April 19, 2007, 
between each of the Assignors and Assignees listed below:  
A 
1. Judah Investment Trusts A through J (Assignors) to LBF Holdings, LLC 
(Assignee) 
2. LBF Holdings, LLC, Marc Rowan and Joshua Harris (Assignors) to 
Apollo Management Holdings, L.P. (Assignee) 
3. Leon D. Black (Assignor) to Apollo Principal Holdings II, L.P. 
(Assignee) 
4. Trust F/B/O Benjamin Eli Black U/AID November 30, 1992, Trust F/B/O 
Joshua Max Black U/A/D November 30, 1992, Trust F/B/O Alexander 
Samuel Black U/A/D November 30, 1992 and Trust F/B/O Victoria 
Rachel Black U/AID November 30, 1992 (collectively, the "1992 
Trusts"), Leon D. Black, Marc Rowan and Joshua Harris (Assignors) to 
Apollo Principal Holdings II, L.P. (Assignee) 
B. Reports prepared by Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC valuing the following 
interests as of April 16, 2007:  
I. Certain management and advisor interests contributed by LBF Holdings, 
LLC to Apollo Management Holdings, L.P. and the limited partnership 
interest in Apollo Management Holdings, L.P. received in exchange for 
the management interests 
2. Certain advisor interests contributed to Apollo Principal Holdings II, L.P. 
and the limited partnership interest in Apollo Principal Holdings II, L.P. 
received in exchange for the advisor interests 
V. 
STEP IV: FORMATION OF BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, L.P. 
V 
A. Agreement of Limited Partnership of Black Family Partners, L.P., dated as of 
May 17, 2007 
A 
B. Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of Black Family GP, LLC, 
dated as of May 17, 2007 
VI. 
STEP V: CREATION OF 2007 GRATS 
VI 
A. Additional Schedules to the Judah Investment Trust Agreement, each such 
Schedule dated as of June 6, 2007 
A 
EFTA00589422
--- PAGE 6 ---
DOCUMENT 
TAB 
1. Schedule L — Transferring an interest in Apollo Advisors IV, L.P. and 
Apollo Co-Investors IV, LLC to Judah Investment Trust L 
2. Schedule M — Transferring an interest in Apollo Advisors V, L.P. and 
Apollo Advisors V (EH Cayman), L.P. to Judah Investment Trust M 
3. Schedule N — Transferring an interest in Apollo Advisors VI, L.P. and 
Apollo Advisors VI (EH), L.P. to Judah Investment Trust N 
4. Schedule O — Transferring an interest in AAA Associates, L.P. to Judah 
Investment Trust O 
B. The Black 2007 Family Trust Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2007, by and 
among Leon a Black, as Senior, and Leon D. Black and John J. Hannan, as 
Trustees 
C. Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2007, by and 
between Leon D. Black (Assignor) and each of the Judah Investment Trusts L 
through O (Assignees) 
D. Agreements, dated as of June 6, 2007, by and between Leon Black and each 
Trust listed below:  
I. Judah Investment Trust L 
2. Judah Investment Trust M 
3. Judah Investment Trust N 
4. Judah Investment Trust O 
E. Reports prepared by Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC valuing the following 
interests as of June 6, 2007:  
I. 31.30% limited partnership interest in Apollo Advisors IV, L.P 
2. 26.30% limited partnership interest in Apollo Co-Investors IV, LLC 
3. 25.18% limited partnership interest in Apollo Advisors V, L.P. and 
Apollo Advisors V (EH), L.P.  
4. 24.64% limited partnership interest in Apollo Advisors VI, L.P. and 
Apollo Advisors VI (EH), L.P. 
5. 24.64% limited partnership interest in AAA Associates, L.P 
F. Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP Memoranda 
I. Regarding Judah Investment Trust O, dated February 28, 2008 
2. Regarding 2007 GRATs — Annuity Payments and Gift Tax Reporting 
Obligations, dated May 20, 2008 
3. Regarding Total Annuity Payments from 2006/2007 GRATs, dated June 
4, 2008 
G. Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP Annuity Payments Spreadsheet for Judah 
Investment Trusts A through O 
O 
EFTA00589423
--- PAGE 7 ---
DOCUMENT 
TAB 
VII. 
STEP VI: ASSIGNMENT OF CERTAIN INTERESTS FROM LIMITED PARTNERS 
TO BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, L.P. 
VII 
A. Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2007, by and 
among the Assignors listed thereto and Black Family Partners, L.P. (Assignee) 
A 
B. Agreement, dated June 7, 2007, by and among Leon Black, Black Family 
Partners, L.P., LBF Holdings, LLC, Judah Investment Trusts K through O, Judah 
Family 1997 Trust, Leon D. Black Investment Trust A, the 1992 Trusts and 
Trust FIB/O Benjamin Eli Black U/A/D August 1, 1988, Trust F/3/O Joshua 
Max Black U/A/D August 1, 1988, Trust F/B/O Alexander Samuel Black 
U/A/D August 1, 1988 and Trust FM/O Victoria Rachel Black U/A/D 
August I, 1988 (collectively, the "1988 Trusts")  
VIII. STEP VII: APOLLO RESTRUCTURING 
VI II 
A. Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2007, by and 
among Black Family Partners, L.P., Marc Rowan, Joshua Harris (Assignors) 
and AP Professional Holdings, L.P. (Assignee) 
A 
B. Contribution, Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2007, by 
and among Black Family Partners, L.P., MJR Foundation LLC, Joshua 
Harris, BRH Holdings, L.P., AP Professional Holdings, L.P., APO Asset Co., 
LLC, APO Corp., Apollo Principal Holdings I, L.P., Apollo Principal 
Holdings II, L.P., Apollo Principal Holdings III, L.P., Apollo Principal 
Holdings IV, L.P. and Apollo Management Holdings, L.P 
C. Reports prepared by Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC valuing the following 
interests as of June 7, 2007:  
I. 1% limited partnership interest in Black Family Partners, L.P 
2. Black Family Partners, L.P.'s interest in Apollo Management Holdings, 
L.P 
3. Black Family Partners, L.P.'s interest in Apollo Principal Holdings II, 
L.P 
IX. 
STEP VIII: TERMINATION OF 2006 GRATS 
IX 
A. Assignment and Assumption Agreements, dated as of December 21, 2008, by 
and between the Assignors below and the Black Family 2006 Trust 
(Assignee):  
A 
I. Judah Investment Trusts B through J 
2. Judah Investment Trust K 
B. Directions to Distribute and Acknowledgement of Receipt of Annuity 
X. 
STEP IX: TERMINATION OF 2007 GRATS 
X 
A. Assignments of Limited Partnership Interests, dated as of June 5, 2009, by 
each of the Assignors listed below and LBF Holdings (Assignee):  
A 
I. Judah Investment Trust L 
EFTA00589424
--- PAGE 8 ---
DOCUMENT 
TAB 
2. Judah Investment Trust M 
3. Judah Investment Trust N 
B. Consent of Black Family Partners, L.P 
B 
C. Acknowledgment of Repayment of Indebtedness by LBF Holdings, LLC 
C 
D. Assignments of Limited Partnership Interests, dated as of June 5, 2009, by 
each of the Assignors listed below and Leon D. Black (Assignee):  
D 
I. Judah Investment Trust L 
2. Judah Investment Trust M 
3. Judah Investment Trust N 
E. Consent of Black Family Partners, L.P 
E 
F. Acknowledgment of Repayment of Indebtedness by Leon D. Black 
F 
G. Explanation of Payment in Kind Spreadsheet 
G 
Xl. 
STEP X: CREATION OF 2009 GRAT 
XI 
A. The Judah 2009 Investment Trust Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2009, by 
and among Leon D. Black, as Settlor, and Leon D. Black and John J. Hannan, as 
Trustees establishing the Judah 2009-A Investment Trust 
A 
B. Reports prepared by Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC valuing the following 
interests as of August 13, 2009• 
B 
I. 92,109,120 units in the Apollo Operating Group 
I 
2. 1% limited partnership interest in Black Family Partners, L.P 
C. Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP Memorandum Regarding 2009 Gift Tax Reporting 
Obligations, dated February 22, 2010 
C 
EFTA00589425

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589426.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589426.pdf
----------------------------------------
AUTHORIZATION TO DISBURSE FUNDS 
AliphCom 
t ention: Jason ChI 
Re: 
AliphCom — Series 8 Preferred Stock Financing 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
The undersigned hereby releases to the Company funds in the amount set forth below, 
currently held in the Company's account, in connection with the purchase of shares of Series 8 
Preferred Stock. 
Amount: $1.249.996.88 
Date: 
MORT, INC. 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
126790106 vl 
EFTA00589426

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589427.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589427.pdf
----------------------------------------
LETTER OF INTENT 
For the purchase of 1999 Boein Business Jet aircraft bearing Manufacturer's Serial No. 
and U.S. Registration No. 
hereinafter the "Aircraft"), plus installed engines, 
records and accessories 
Avioneta Holdings LLC ("Purchaser") hereby submits the following letter of intent ("LOI") to 
purchase the Aircraft from Seller upon the following terms and conditions. 
I. The purchase price tendered for the Aircraft is: Twenty Seven Million US Dollars 
($27,000,000). 
2. Purchaser offers to purchase the Aircraft from Seller in the following condition: (i) being 
free and clear of all liens and encumbrances; (ii) in airworthy condition, with 
Airworthiness Directives and mandatory Service Bulletins fully complied with, (iii) with 
flight systems fully operational; (iv) being enrolled and current on the manufacturers' 
recommended maintenance program, (v) with records, logs, schematics, manuals, and 
wiring diagrams in the Seller's possession; and (vi) with accessories in owners possession 
belonging to the Aircraft. 
3. Not later than three (3) business days after Seller accepts this LOI, Purchaser shall tender 
a good faith deposit in the amount of Two Million Seven Hundred Thousand United 
States Dollars ($2,700,000) (the "Deposit") in escrow with Insured Aircraft Title Service, 
Inc., Oklahoma City, Oklahoma (the "Escrow Agent"). The Deposit shall be refundable 
and held by Escrow Agent. Fees payable to the Escrow Agent shall be shared equally 
between Purchaser and Seller. 
4. Not later than five (5) business days after Seller accepts this LOI, Purchaser shall deliver 
to Seller a draft Aircraft Sales Agreement containing terms consistent with those 
provided herein and other mutally acceptable terms and provisions. Seller and Purchaser 
shall use reasonable efforts to execute and a mutually agreeable Aircraft Sales Agreement 
not later than ten (10) business days after Seller accepts this LOI. The purchase and sale 
of the Aircaft shall be subject to the terms and conditions of said mutually acceptable 
Aircraft Sales Agreement and to Seller's and Purchaser's execution of the same within 
such ten (10) business day period, failing which this LOI shall be terminated and without 
any further force and effect, the Deposit shall promptly be returned to Purchaser, and 
neither party shall have any further rights or obligations under this LOI. The Aircraft 
Sales Agreement shall supersede the provisions of this LOI. 
5. Not later than twelve (12) business days after Seller accepts this LOI, Purchaser shall 
commence an inspection of the Aircraft and its records at a mutually agreeable location 
(the "Pre-Purchase Inspection"). The inspection shall be at the expense of Purchaser 
and shall be completed within five (5) business days. Positioning the Aircaft to the 
mutually agreeable inspection location shall be at the expense of Seller. Correction of 
airworthiness discrepancies identified during the Pre-Purchase Inspection shall be at 
Seller's expense. 
EFTA00589427
--- PAGE 2 ---
Not later than two (2) business days after the completion of the Pre-Purchase Inspection, 
Purchaser in its sole discretion shall execute and deliver to Seller a rejection or technical 
acceptance of the Aircraft. A technical acceptance of the Aircraft may be subject to 
Seller's correction at its expense of discrepancies noted during the Pre-Purchase 
Inspection. If Purchaser rejects the Aircraft or fails to return a technical acceptance of the 
Aircraft within such two (2) business day period, then the Deposit shall promptly be 
returned to Purchaser, and neither party hereto shall have any further rights or obligations 
under this LOI or the Aircraft Sales Agreement. If Purchaser accepts the Aircraft, and 
the parties execute a mutually acceptable Aircraft Sales Agreement, within the time 
periods provided above, then the Deposit shall immediately become NON-
REFUNDABLE, subject to Seller's performance under the terms of the Aircraft Sales 
Agreement. 
6. Closing shall occur at a mutually agreeable location not later than four (4) business days 
after Sellers correction to Purchaser's satisfaction of the discrepancies noted during the 
Pit-Purchase Inspection. The costs of any movement of the Aircraft for any reason 
including the delivery shall be at the expense of the Seller. 
If this LOI is acceptable, please sign a copy and return it by email to Purchaser 
Purchaser: 
Seller: 
Avioneta Holdings LLC 
AVJET Corporation 
Email: 
By: Richard Joslin 
By: Brian Dunnigan 
Its: Authorized Representative 
Its: 
Dated: December , 2014 
Dated: 
EFTA00589428

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589429.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589429.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, P.C. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
PARK PLAZA,SLII7E 1096 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS 82116 
February 2, 2015 
Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71St St 
New York, NY 
INVOICE FOR LEGAL SERVICES 
For legal work from January 1, 2015 through January 31, 2015 including review 
and analysis of recent CVRA case pleadings from Dkt 280-304, drafting, 
researching and editing two filings responding to the court order for justification 
for a supplemental protective order, review and input into Dershowitz intervention 
pleadings, analysis of legal issues involving Motion to Join by JD 3, 4, extensive 
review of relevant filings by Edwards in State Court including attachments to his 
statement of facts attachment to Sept 2010 motion for summary judgment, review 
of AR, JA, JD1, JD2 state depositions, review of Jane Doe 102 federal 2255 case, 
review of JD3 investigative file, review of older CVRA orders and govt motions 
for t/c with KR and GP re amici, many t/c with media, drafting media responses, 
and multiple tc and emails with JE, RB, JP, AMD, KC, DKI, UK counsel, KR, GP. 
Communications with AUSA re media leak issues in UK press. 
Martin Weinberg 
hrs 00 min@ $1000 p/h 
$70,000.00 
(reduced for t/c with various AMD lawyers that were unrelated to 
Representation of JE/common interest discussions 
$ 7,500.00 
Total owed 
Yours Truly 
Martin G Weinberg 
$62,500.00 
EFTA00589429

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589430.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589430.pdf
----------------------------------------
INDEMNIFICATION, PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
THIS INDEMNIFICATION, PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this 
"Agreement"), dated as of July 
, 2017, is given by David J. Mitchell ("Pledgor"), in favor 
of Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein").
RECITALS: 
A. 
Life Hotel One LLC ("Borrower") is borrowing a $41,000,000.00 loan ("Loan") 
from Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch ("Lender"), secured by one or more mortgages 
encumbering that certain hotel to be completed and located at 19 West 31s' Street, New York, 
New York 10001 ("Hotel"); 
B. 
As a credit enhancement for the Loan, Pledgor and Stephen P. Hanson 
("Hanson"), as beneficial owners of Borrower, are providing one or more personal guaranties, 
renewals or ratifications thereof, dated as of the date hereof ("Loan Guaranties"), to Lender; 
C. 
In connection with the Loan and Loan Guaranties, Hanson and Mitchell agreed to 
be share liability under the Loan Guaranties; and Pledgor agreed to cause Epstein to agree to 
guaranty ("Epstein Guaranty"), payment to Hanson of up to $1,000,000.00 towards Pledgor's 
obligations to Hanson under Loan Guaranties (the "Mitchell Hanson Obligations"); 
D. 
In order to induce Epstein to give the Epstein Guaranty, and as security for 
Pledgor's obligations to Epstein hereunder, Pledgor is hereby agreeing to indemnify Epstein and 
pledge the Collateral to Epstein, each as more particularly provided in this Agreement. 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the recitals, covenants and agreements set forth 
herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are 
hereby mutually acknowledged, and intending to be bound hereby, Pledgor and Epstein agrees as 
follows: 
AGREEMENT 
1. 
Pledge of Collateral. Pledgor does hereby convey, transfer, assign, set over and 
grant unto Epstein, as security for the performance of the Secured Obligations (as defined 
below), a continuing security interest in the artwork more particularly described in Exhibit A, 
annexed hereto (collectively, the "Collateral"). At all times, Epstein's lien on and security 
interest in the Collateral shall be a first priority security interest in the Collateral, securing the 
payment in full of the Secured Obligations. 
2. 
Security for Obligations. This Agreement secures, and the Collateral is, collateral 
security for, (a) the prompt payment in full when due, of all amounts owing from Pledgor to 
Epstein under Section 3 of this Agreement, and (b) the expenses, if any, described in Section 7 
(collectively, the "Secured Obligations"). 
3. 
Indemnification of Epstein. Pledgor hereby agrees to indemnify, defend with 
counsel reasonably acceptable to Epstein, and hold Epstein harmless from and against any 
liabilities, losses, costs or expenses incurred in connection with Epstein's performance under the 
487336-3-W 
EFTA00589430
--- PAGE 2 ---
Epstein Guaranty arising out of Mitchell's failure, or alleged failure, to fulfill the Mitchell 
Hanson Obligations. 
4. 
Delivery. Care and Return of Collateral: 
4.1 
Pledgor shall cause the Collateral to be delivered to Epstein at 9 East 715' 
Street, New York, New York 10021, by not later than July 31, 2017. 
4.2 
At Pledgor's expense (but with Epstein's cooperation as the same shall be 
necessary), Pledgor shall maintain 
insurance covering the Collateral for not less than 
 (which insurance may be pursuant to a blanket policy). In the event of any loss, 
Pledgor shall have the sole and exclusive right to settle and claims with the carrier; provided, 
however, the proceeds not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be placed in an escrow account until the 
earlier of: (a) the amendment of this Agreement to substitute the funds in the account for the 
Collateral; and (b) Pledgor obtaining a termination of the Epstein Guaranty from Hanson. 
4.3 
Pledgor shall have the right to cause a tag to be affixed to the Collateral 
identifying Pledgor as the owner of the Collateral. If Pledgor affixes a tag, Epstein shall not 
remove such tag at any time. Pledgor shall have the right to inspect the Collateral at reasonable 
times, upon reasonable notice. 
4.4 
Upon the earlier to occur of: (a) termination of this Agreement; (b) 
termination of the Epstein Guaranty; (c) Epstein's payment of the maximum amount owing 
under the Epstein Guaranty and Pledgor's repayment, in full, of such sums to Epstein; and (d) 
substitution of the Collateral as provided in Section 4.2, Pledgor shall be entitled to the 
immediate return of the Collateral. Epstein shall provide reasonable access, during business 
hours, to accommodate Pledgor's collection of the Collateral. 
5. 
Representations. Warranties and Covenants of Pledgor. 
Pledgor makes the 
following representations and warranties: 
5.1 
Pledgor is the sole legal, record and beneficial owner of the Collateral free 
and clear of all liens and encumbrances, except for the security interest created by this 
Agreement. 
5.2 
There are no judgments outstanding against or affecting Pledgor or any 
property of Pledgor, nor is there any action, charge, claim, demand, suit, proceeding, petition, 
governmental investigation or arbitration now pending or, to the knowledge of Pledgor, 
threatened against Pledgor or affecting any property of Pledgor which would adversely affect the 
Collateral. 
5.3 
So long as the Collateral remains pledged to Epstein under this 
Agreement, Pledgor shall not transfer, hypothecate or further pledge or encumber the Collateral 
or any interest therein. 
6. 
Event of Default. It shall constitute an event of default ("Event of Default") 
hereunder if, within ten (10) days after receipt of written demand therefor, Pledgor shall fail to: 
(a) timely perform or pay any of the Secured Obligations; (b) deliver the Collateral to Epstein as 
487336-3-W 
EFTA00589431
--- PAGE 3 ---
required under Section 4.1; or (c) cure Pledgor's breach of any covenant, representation or 
warranty of Pledgor contained in Section 5. 
7. 
Remedies. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder, Epstein may, 
at its option, exercise in respect of the Collateral, all the rights and remedies of a Secured Party 
on default under the Uniform Commercial Code of New York at that time, including, without 
limitation, the right to sell the Collateral and Epstein shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding 
and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral 
sold at public sale, to use and apply any of the Secured Obligations as a credit on account of the 
purchase price of any Collateral payable by Epstein at such sale. 
8. 
Financing Statements. Pledgor and Epstein agree that: (a) Epstein shall have the 
right to file one or more financing statements, naming Pledgor as debtor, to perfect Epstein's 
security interest in the Collateral; and (b) Pledgor shall have the right to file one or more 
financing statements, naming Epstein as debtor, solely for the purpose of protecting Pledgor's 
right to the return of the Collateral as provided herein and to put the public on notice of Pledgor's 
ownership of the Collateral subject only to Epstein's security interest granted hereunder. 
9. 
Covenant of Epstein. Epstein agrees and covenants that notwithstanding any 
possession or control of the Collateral granted to Epstein hereunder Epstein shall not relocate, 
transfer, hypothecate, pledge or encumber the Collateral or any interest therein. Furthermore, 
except as expressly permitted in accordance with Section 7 herein, Epstein shall not sell the 
Collateral. 
10. 
Termination. This Agreement and the security interest created by this Agreement 
shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (a) payment in full of all amounts owed from 
Pledgor to Epstein under this Agreement; (b) termination of the Epstein Guaranty prior to 
Epstein becoming obligated to make any payments thereunder; and (c) termination of the 
Contribution Agreement prior to Pledgor becoming obligated to make any payments thereunder. 
II. 
Govemine Law. 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 
12. 
Binding Nature: No Assignment: Counterparts. 
All agreements, covenants, 
conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the 
respective estates of the parties hereto. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party. 
This Agreement may be executed and delivered in counterparts and by facsimile or electronically 
in portable document format. 
13. 
Amendment. This Agreement may be modified or amended only by a writing 
expressly relating to this Agreement and signed by the party to be charged. 
487336-3-W 
EFTA00589432
--- PAGE 4 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first above written. 
PLEDGOR: 
DAVID J. MITCHELL 
EPSTEIN: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
487336-3-W 
EFTA00589433
--- PAGE 5 ---
Exhibit A 
592352: 
Roman carved sculpture of couple, 79 x 34 x 19 crated 
592353: 
Roman carved sculpture of man with fruit, 39 x 27 x 23, marble, crated 
Photos attached. 
487336-3-W 
EFTA00589434

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589435.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589435.pdf
----------------------------------------
Libel attachment #1 
Pedophile 
Pedophile hedge fund mogul 
Evidence of sex crimes with dozens of young girls 
An acknowledged pedophile 
Hefty prison sentence 
The claim that three 12 year-old French girls were delivered to him as a birthday present 
Pressured into various sex acts, as well as the "Balkan sex slave" 
Boasted of purchasing from her family when she was just 14 
A big cash payment form Mail On Sunday coaxed 
Claims that she was abused by Epstein and "loaned" to his friends from the age of 15 
Year-plus-one month in a private wing of the Palm Beach jail 
hour-per-a-day free pass to leave the premises for work 
State Attorney agreed to charge him "only with one count of aggravated assault with no 
intent to commit a felony: 
U.S. Attorney General's office 
Would serve time in a federal "prison camp" and not a state prison, which would be a far 
rougher environment, particularly for a child molester 
"your attacks on me and on the victims establish why I wanted to find someone whom I 
could trust with safeguarding the victims' best interests in the face of intense pressure 
from an unlimited number of highly skilled and well paid attorneys" 
physical evidence has since been discovered 
unaware or unconcerned that his Upper East Side home is within 1,000 feet of an 
Episcopal pre-school, in violation of sex-offender laws 
It is possible that, as an outgrowth of the 2007 Florida investigation, federal investigators 
are now looking into allegations of money laundering and other financial misdeeds 
EFTA00589435
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00589436

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589437.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589437.pdf
----------------------------------------
Libel #2 
having sex with an underage girl 
"I'm an offender", he seems to be admitting guilt. 
Isn't that unlawful given the housing guidelines for sex offenders? 
a requirement of all sexual predators. 
Counts of Solicitation of Prostitution with a Minor. 
given to him by his former client and long time friend Leslie Wexner. 
According to a 53-page sealed indictment Epstein was facing 10 years to life on 
multiple counts of statutory rape, and child sex trafficking. 
Court documents in that case claimed he routinely sought out girls as young as 14 
and paid them $200 to $1,000 for sexually explicit massages in his homes in Palm 
Beach, Fla., and Manhattan. 
after his arrest he immediately became a US VI resident), 
sexual predator 
been a caring benefactor contributing to society 
damage to hundreds of underage girls 
Libel #3 
depraved world of thrice-daily massages, pornographic artwork, and hush money 
images of young girls 
to a longer prison term 
for trying to sell notes regarding massage appointments 
gave $1 million to his friend Jean Luc Brunel 
former bookkeeper 
EFTA00589437
--- PAGE 2 ---
remarkably similar in every victim's statement 
press accounts and police reports as Epstein's live-in "sex slave." 
A former bookkeeper 
large, framed photos of nude young girls, and similar images were found stashed 
in an armoire and on the computers seized at the house 
each received well over $1 million 
ended up being sentenced to more jail time than his boss as a result of the complex 
investigation into Epstein's activities 
took away some notes and emails about massage appointments 
transporting firearms, another deal he says he made to pay the bills after he lost his 
job. 
in terms of possible sex trafficking 
According to a complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District 
of Florida, an alleged victim said that Epstein, Maxwell, Brunel, Rodriguez, and 
"deliberately engaged in a pattern of racketeering that involved luring 
minor children through MC2, mostly girls under the age of 17, to engage in sexual 
play for money." (Which would amount to trafficking.) 
Epstein had made a $1 million wire transfer to Brunel's offshore bank account in 
September 2004, just as he was setting up MC2. 
Asked in April of Brunel's activities, Epstein said "I'm 100 percent convinced that 
he doesn't traffic children." 
the named plaintiffs 
Libel #4 
having sex with an underage girl 
I'm an offender", he seems to be admitting guilt. 
Isn't that unlawful given the housing guidelines for sex offenders? 
EFTA00589438
--- PAGE 3 ---
a requirement of all sexual predators. 
Counts of Solicitation of Prostitution with a Minor. 
given to him by his former client and long time friend Leslie Wexner. 
According to a 53-page sealed indictment Epstein was facing 10 years to life on 
multiple counts of statutory rape, and child sex trafficking. 
Court documents in that case claimed he routinely sought out girls as young as 14 
and paid them $200 to $1,000 for sexually explicit massages in his homes in Palm 
Beach, Fla., and Manhattan. 
after his arrest he immediately became a US VI resident), 
sexual predator 
been a caring benefactor contributing to society 
damage to hundreds of underage girls 
Libel # 5 
She is writing a book about child trafficking in America 
• Earlier versions of the U.S attorney's charges, including a sealed 53-page 
indictment, could have landed Epstein in prison for 20 years. 
• Victims alleged that Epstein molested underage girls from South America, 
Europe, and the former Soviet republics, including three 12-year-old girls brought 
over from France as a birthday gift. 
victims also alleged trips out of state and abroad on Epstein's private jets, 
• Then-Attorney General Alberto Gonzales told The Daily Beast that he "would 
have instructed the Justice Department to pursue justice without making a political 
mess." 
Seven victims reached a last-minute deal last week, days before a scheduled trial; 
each received well over $1 million 
According to banking sources, he has been moving assets out of the U.S. and may 
well follow Polanski into a luxurious exile. 
EFTA00589439
--- PAGE 4 ---
The Justice Department is investigating Jeffrey Epstein for child trafficking, The 
Daily Beast has learned—and has widened the scope of its probe to include a 
famous modeling agency. 
• Federal investigators continue to investigate Epstein's activities, to see whether 
there is evidence of child trafficking—a far more serious charge than the two in 
his non-prosecution agreement, the arrangement between Epstein and the 
Department of Justice allowing him to plead guilty to lower-level state crimes. 
Trafficking can carry a 20-year sentence. 
The FBI is also investigating Epstein's friend Jean Luc Brunel, whose MC2 
modeling agency appears to have been a source of girls from overseas who ended 
up on Epstein's private jets. 
Because Epstein's predatory habits stretch back many years and involved dozens 
of young-looking girls, there may well be more evidence to uncover. 
concept of double jeopardy 
agreed not to testify against him 
including allegations by additional victims who come forward, could lead to new 
charges 
As a convicted sex offender, he is required by law to undergo an impartial 
psychological evaluation prior to sentencing and to receive psychiatric treatment 
during and after incarceration. 
child molesters 
phone has since been disconnected with no forwarding 
most of them 16 or younger, 
She is writing a book about child trafficking in America. 
EFTA00589440

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589441.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589441.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
PARK PLAZA,SLII7E 1096 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS 82116 
April 4, 2011 
Jeffrey Epstein 
E. 71s' Street 
New York, NY 
INVOICE FOR LEGAL SERVICES 
March 1. 2011 — March 31. 2011 
Martin C. NVeinberg: 
hrs. 30 min. X $1000 p/hour = $55,500.00 
Kimberly I Inman 
hrs 30 min X $400 p/hour 
= $5,400 
Balance of Previous Invoice: 
$17,982.67 
Total This Invoice: 
$78,882.67 
Yours truly, 
Martin G. Weinberg 
EFTA00589441
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00589442

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589443.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589443.pdf
----------------------------------------
0-i /Green Card RIO and Information Sheet 
Full Name: 
Sponsoring Agency: 
DOB: 
Country of Birth: 
Foreign Address: 
US Consulate/Embassy abroad at which you wish to pick up your visa: 
Have you ever Had an O-1.? 
Have you ever Had an H-1B? 
Social Security Number: 890372732 
TELL ME YOUR STORY —this is so that I can write about you and your career —it 
is only for my reference—so add as much information as you can—and don't be 
modest! 
i. HOW DID YOUR MODELING CAREER BEGIN? 
a. In your own words, describe how and why you became a 
model.What age did you begin? 
b. Who discovered you? 
EFTA00589443
--- PAGE 2 ---
c. Did you receive training in anything other than modeling (ie dance, 
sports, acting, arts, etc.) 
d. Where were you discovered? 
e. Who was your first agent? 
f. What were some of your first jobs? 
2. CAREER DEVELOPMENT 
a. What happened next? After you enjoyed initial success, how has 
your career developed? 
b. Where did you travel (name all countries)? 
EFTA00589444
--- PAGE 3 ---
d. What were some of your first BIG jobs? 
e. List the different agencies that have represented you AROUND the 
WORLD.. 
f. Who are some of the big photographers and designers you worked 
with? 
g. Did you receive any contracts (please list)? 
Entra national campaign contract; Relish Jeas one year contract. 
EFTA00589445
--- PAGE 4 ---
h. Have there been magazine or web articles written about you (please 
list)? Have you been interviewed on TV (please list)? 
i. What was your highest paying job? How much? 
j. What is your current day rate? 
k. Please list all magazine COVERS you have appeared on. 
1. Have you ever won any AWARDS as a model, or in general? Please 
list 
3. List ALL of the jobs you have worked on OVER THE YEARS (on 
a separate page) include: 
EFTA00589446
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00589447
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00589448
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00589449

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589450.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589450.pdf
----------------------------------------
AIRCRAFT DESCRIPTION FORM 
Re 
est Date: 
Aircraft Serial # 
Make/Model 
GULFSTREAM 550 
Date Entered Service 
2010 
Maint tracking pgm 
CMP 
Current AF Hrs/ Ldgs 
Hrs: 1742.2 
I Ldg: 766 
Last 5CCheck Date 
March 7, 2016 
Next check 
March 21, 2017 
L/H Engine serial # 
Model number 
Rolls Royce BR710C4-11 
MSP or JSSI or ESP 
Contract # Corporatecare 
Insp. Status 
March 7, 2016 
Total Time 
1742.2 
Cycles 
766 
Next HSI 
SHSI 
Next OVH 
SMOH 
Due Items 
Avionics (list model #s of the units) 
FLT DIR. 
Qty 
Auto Pilot 
EFIS 
VHF COM 
_ 
NAV 
XPNDR 
ADF 
FMS 
GPS 
AFIS 
SATCOM 
HF COM 
SELCAL 
FFONE 
RADAR 
RAD ALT 
TCAS I or 
TCAS II Chg7 
GWPS or 
EGWPS 
LR-NAV 
FOR 
CVR 
ELT 
Other 
PLEASE SEE BELOW 
FORM 
Trade-In Date: 
APU 
HONEYWELL RE220 
Hours 
1855 
Cycles 
Model iS 
RE220 
Last HSI c/w 
Honeywell Maintenance Service Plan 
Weights 
Max Ramp 
91400 
BOW 
48300 
Max Landing 
75300 
Max Zero Fuel 
54500 
Max Take-Off 91000 
R/H Engine serial # 
Model number 
Rolls Royce BR710C4-11 
MSP or JSSI or ESP 
Contract # Corporatecare 
Insp. Status 
March 7, 2016 
Total Time 
1742.2 
Cycles 
766 
Next HSI 
SHSI 
Next OVH 
SMOH 
Due Items 
Additional Navigation Equipment 
PlaneView Enhanced Navigation Package 
LSZ-860 Lightning Sensor System (ASC) 
Honeywell HD-710 High Speed Data System 
SV-PFD(Synthetic Vision - Primary Flight Display) 2.0 -
Contingent Upon Cert & Availability of ASC 
Interior/Exterior 
Date of last refurb. 
2010 
Date of last paint 
2010 
Cabin certified for _14_ 
passengers for Take off & 
Landing 
Interior: 
passenger forward galley interior with Crew area. The 
forward cabin consists of a four-place club grouping followed by 
a mid-cabin four-place fixed table conference/dining group 
opposite a credenza. The aft cabin has two facing captain's 
chairs opposite a four-place divan. The cabin also has both 
forward and aft lavatories. 
Exterior: 
Overall Matterhorn White with Blue and Yellow Stripes. 
Additional Equipment (example - Airshow, Fax. Direct TV, etc) 
PLEASE SEE BELOW FORM: 
Damage History/FAA 337 
No 
"Attach a separate description including copy of 337 
or other supporting documentation 
Completed By 
(Name & Title): 
Company: 
Date: 
Contact number & 
Email address: 
EFTA00589450
--- PAGE 2 ---
AIRCRAFT DESCRIPTION FORM 
Avionics /Radios 
Four flat-panel LCD Electronic Display Units 
Triple Modular Avionics Units (MAUs) 
Guidance Panel 
Dual Display Controllers 
three Multi-Function Control Display Units (MCDUs) 
dual Cursor Control Devices (CCDs) 
three Air Data Modules (ADMs) 
triple Inertial Reference Systems (IRS) 
dual Global Positioning Systems (GPS) 
Primary Flight Display (PFD) 
Multifunction Display(MFD) 
Flight Management System(FMS) 
Automatic Flight Guidance System 
three Air Data Modules (ADMs) 
triple Inertial Reference Systems (IRS) 
Visual Guidance System (VGS) 
Enhanced Vision System (EVS) 
Data Management Unit (DMU) 
Cockpit Printer 
High Frequency (HF) Communication 
Three High Frequency (HF)Communication 
A single Navigation (NAVCOM) 
Two Automated Direction Finder (ADF) 
Two Air Traffic Control (ATC) 
Traffic Collision Avoidance System (TCAS) 
Honeywell MCS-7000 +SATCOM 
Two Distance Measuring Equipment (DME) Transceivers 
Color Weather Radar 
Two Radio Altimeter 
Satellite Communication System 
Two Enhanced Ground Proximity Warning System (EGPWS) 
Emergency Locator Transmitter (ELT) 
Flight Data Recorder System (FDR) 
Cockpit Voice Recorder (CVR) 
Central Maintenance Computer(CMC) 
EFTA00589451
--- PAGE 3 ---
AIRCRAFT DESCRIPTION FORM 
Additional Equipment 
Interior 
Privacy curtain between cabin 1&2, cabins 2&3 or cabins 3&4 
Fixed Bulkhead with Door between Cabins 2 & 3(Floorplan Permitting) 
Recliner type Leg Rests (All Single Seats) 
Bidet Sprayer in Aft Lavatory Toilet 
Baggage Compartment Hinged Shelf 
Storage Box Upgrade -100 Lbs Capacity - Aft Equipment Bay 
28" Single Seats - Manual (Floorplan Permitting) 
Manual/Electric Lumbar 
Sky Lounger Berthing Pads (Singles and Doubles) 
Inlay in Ledges and Credenza(Metal or Marquetry Only - Gulfstream Approved) 
Aerolux Espresso Maker with Cups/Saucers/Spoons(Exchange for One Coffeemaker) 
Entertainment 
Cabin Audio / Visual Package 
- (Includes 7" LCD monitor mounted at each single seat location & SecuraPlane Three Camera System) 
Upgrade Aft LCD Monitor to 20" (Floorplan Permitting - Fwd Galley Configuration) 
Honeywell DBS Satellite Television - Multi - Region Coverage 
Avionics 
PlaneView Enhanced Navigation Package 
LSZ-860 Lightning Sensor System (ASC) 
Honeywell HD-710 High Speed Data System (Swift Broadband Capable) 
SV-PFD(Synthetic Vision - Primary Flight Display) 2.0 - Contingent Upon Cert & Availability of ASC 
Miscellaneous 
Enhanced Sound Proofing 
Completion Manuals on CD 
Two -Tone Exterior Paint 
Teflon© Coating for Exterior Paint 
EVAS -Emergency Vision Assurance System - 2 ea. 
FAR Part 135 Compliance Requirements (less than 10 hours) 
EFTA00589452
--- PAGE 4 ---
AIRCRAFT DESCRIPTION FORM 
I lour l'hin 
THE G550 FORWARD GALLEY (WITH COMMUNICATION COMPARTMENT) 
UNIVERSAL FLOOR PLAN 14 PASSENGERS 
passenger forward galley interior with Crew area. 
The forward cabin consists of a four-place club grouping. 
Followed by a mid-cabin four-place fixed table conference/dining group opposite a credenza. 
The aft cabin has two facing captain's chairs opposite a four-place divan. 
The cabin also has both forward and aft lavatories. 
EFTA00589453

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589454.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589454.pdf
----------------------------------------
ovember 
— December 2010 - 
., , r, P. 
Sun 
Mon 
Tue 
Wed 
Thu 
Fri 
Sat 
'Titan McGinnis 
Arran McGinnis 
Arran McGinnis 4 
Casey Johnson 
Casey Johnson 
Casey Johnson 
Casey Johnson 
Cuthbert Titre 
Casey Johnson 
Cuthbert Titre 
Casey Johnson 
Peter Eli 
Renol Mede 
Casey Johnson 
Peter Eli 
Renol Mede 
Casey Johnson 
Peter Eli 
Renol Mede 
Casey Johnson 
Peter Eli 
Renol Mede 
Jn Bernard Ville 
Cuthbert Titre 
Casey Johnson 
Peter Eli 
Renol Mede 
Jn Bernard Ville 
Cuthbert Titre 
Gerry Titre 
Casey Johnson 
Manual Gonzalez 
r 
l 
Renol Mede 
Jn Bernard Ville 
Eric Benjamin 
Martin Aberdeen 
Randy Marcellin 
Casey Johnson 
Manual Gonzalez 
r 
l 
Renol Mede 
Jn Bernard Ville 
Eric Benjamin 
Martin Aberdeen 
Randy Marcellin 
Casey Johnson 
Manual Gonzales 
r 
l 
Renol Mede 
Jn Bernard Ville 
Eric Benjamin 
Marlin Aberdeen 
Randy Marcellin 
Siewlal Manch 
Joseph Frith 
Casey Johnson 
Manual Gonzales 
r 
I 
Renol Mede 
Jn Bernard Ville 
Eric Benjamin 
Martin Aberdeen 
Randy Marcellin 
Siewlal Manch 
Joseph Frith 
Allangie Clifton 
Juan Carlos 
Cuthbert Titre 
Anthony Casimer 
Georges Paul 
Observe 
Christmas 
EFTA00589454
--- PAGE 2 ---
MoQembe,
— December 2010 — 
January ► 
Notes: 
Carlos Rodrig 
Carlos Rodrig 
Carlos Rodrig 
Carlos Rodrig 
Observe New 
Manual Gonzales 
Manual Gonzales 
Manual Gonzales Manual Gonzales 
Year 
(gala Joseph 
(gala Joseph 
Igala Joseph 
Igala Joseph 
ddison Alfred 
ddison Alfred 
Addison Alfred 
Addison Alfred 
Justina Da La 
Justina Da La 
Justina Da La 
Justina Da La 
Peter Eli 
Renol Mede 
Renol Mede 
Renol Mede 
Renol Mede 
Jn Bernard Ville 
Eric Benjamin 
Eric Benjamin 
Eric Benjamin 
Eric Benjamin 
Martin Aberdeen 
Martin Aberdeen 
Martin Aberdeen Martin Aberdeen 
Randy Marcellin 
Randy Marcellin 
Randy Marcellin 
Randy Marcellin 
Siewlal Manch 
Siewlal Manch 
Siewlal Manch 
Siewlal Manch 
Joseph Frith 
Joseph Frith 
Joseph Frith 
Joseph Frith 
Ilangie Clifton 
Ilangie Clifton 
Allangie Clifton 
Allangie Clifton 
Juan Carlos 
Juan Carlos 
Juan Carlos 
Juan Carlos 
Eddison Lewis 
Eddison Lewis 
Eddison Lewis 
Eddison Lewis 
Francis James 
Francis James 
Francis James 
Francis James 
Carlos Thomas 
Carlos Thomas 
Carlos Thomas 
Carlos Thomas 
nthony Casimer 
nthony Casimer 
Anthony Casimer Anthony Casimer 
Georges Paul 
Georges Paul 
Georges Paul 
Georges Paul 
Sandino Brito 
Sandino Brito 
Mike Ricker 
Mike Rider 
EFTA00589455

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589456.pdf
----------------------------------------
il Jt,,:ember 
— January 2011 - 
February. 
Sun 
Mon 
Tue 
Wed 
Thu 
Fri 
Sat 
I 
Manual Gonzales 
Justina Da La 
Martin Aberdeen 
Siewlal Manch 
Joseph Frith 
Juan Carlos 
Francis James 
Carlos Thomas 
Anthony Casimir 
Carlos Rodrig 
Georges Paul 
Sandino Brito 
Mike Ricker 
Manual Gonzales 
Justina Da La 
Martin Aberdeen 
Siewlal Manch 
Joseph Frith 
Juan Carlos 
Francis James 
Carlos Thomas 
Anthony Casimir 
Carlos Rodrig 
Georges Paul 
Mike Ricker 
Manaul Gonzales 
Justina Da La 
Martin Aberdeen 
Siewlal Manch 
Joseph Frith 
Juan Carlos 
Francis James 
Carlos Thomas 
Anthony Casimir 
Georges Paul 
Mike Ricker 
Manual Gonzales 
Justina Da La 
Siewlal Manch 
Joseph Frith 
Juan Carlos 
Francis James 
Carlos Thomas 
Anthony Casimir 
Georges Paul 
Mike Ricker 
Manaul Gonzales 
Justina Da La 
Siewlal Manch 
Joseph Frith 
Juan Carlos 
Francis James 
Carlos Thomas 
Anthony Casimir 
Georges Paul 
Mike Ricker 
Luis Ryes 
Manual Gonzales 
Carlos Thomas 
Anthony Casimir 
Luis Ryes 
Carlos Thomas 
Luis Ryes 
Luis Ryes 
Luis Ryes 
Luis Ryes 
Luis Ryes 
Luis Ryes 
Luis Ryes 
Luis Ryes 
Luis Ryes 
Luis Ryes 
Luis Ryes 
Luis Reyes 
Luis Reyes 
Luis Ryes 
Created with WinCalendar Calendar Maker 
Download: 2011 Calendar Template. 2012 Calendar Temp ate 
EFTA00589456
--- PAGE 2 ---
— January 2011 — 
Fet.cary 
Sun 
Mon 
Tue 
Wed 
Thu 
Fri 
Sat 
Notes: 
iJ
More Calendars: February. March. April 
Created with WinCalendar Calendar Maker 
Download: 2011 Calendar Template. 2012 Calendar Template 
EFTA00589457

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589458.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589458.pdf
----------------------------------------
Brennan Bros. Co., Inc. 
Plumbing-Heating-Fire Protection 
3150 ALBANY CRESCENT- BRONX. NY 10463 
Mr. Richard J. Bamett 
Property Manager for 
East 7151 St. 
New York, NY 10021 
Re: 9 East 7151 St. 
Basement Catering Kitchen 
Grease Interceptor Replacement 
Dec. 11, 2010 
Brian Freer-President 
NYC Lit.1545 NYC LieJ16•B 
Wesichlieti 761 
John K. Brennan-vice Presideol 
NYC Lie. IMO ‘I each 1.'6.880 
Terence P. Brennan•Seefrreas. 
Gentlemen: 
We herewith submit our proposal for plumbing repairs at the above referenced property location 
as outlined in the following: 
• 
To disconnect and remove from residence rotted and leaking JR Smith # 8035 grease interceptor with 
lb. grease capacity. 
• 
To furnish and install replacement JR Smith # 8035 grease interceptor with 70 lb. grease capacity, 
with 35 gpm flow rate and gray duco coating inside and out. To make 3" inlet and outlet drain 
connections and place grease intercepting system back in working order. 
• 
To dispose of old grease interceptor at approved scrap recycling center. 
All of the above described plumbing repairs to be performed for the sum of 
$3,850.00 & tax. 
Breakdown-
Material: $2,925.00 Labor: $925.00 
Acceptance For 9 East 71g St. Owner: 
Name: 
Date: 
Sincerely, 
BRENNAN BROS. CO., INC. 
Brian Freer, President 
ine Brent 4 an inneeftwe 
EFTA00589458

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589459.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589459.pdf
----------------------------------------
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) ss: 
COUNTY OF 
AFFIDAVIT OF JUAN PABLO MOLYNEUX 
JUAN PABLO MOLYNEUX, after being duly sworn, deposes and says: 
1. 
I reside in the State of New York, and I have personal knowledge of the 
matters set forth herein. 
2. 
I am the owner and president of 
Molyneux Studio, Ltd., which is 
incorporated and maintains its principal place of business in the State of New York 
("Studio"). 
3. 
In 2005, Mr. Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") and I, and our respective companies, 
L.S.J., LLC ("LSJ") and Studio, entered into an agreement whereby, among other things, I 
and Studio would design the interior and exterior, and provide, through third party vendors 
and contractors, certain furnishings, furniture, fixtures and millwork for, a multi-million dollar 
high-end office/library structure to be located on Little Saint James Island known as the 
Office Pavilion. 
4. 
In consultation with Mr. Epstein, I created the conceptual design, including 
cabinetry, entry doors, bookcases, bookshelves, columns, cornices, wood paneling and sliding 
window shutters, for the library in the Office Pavilion (the "Library Cabinetry"). My design 
for the library of the Office Pavilion, as agreed to by Mr. Epstein, required that the Library 
Cabinetry was to be a reproduction of the design, color, finish and proportions of the antique 
cabinetry, bookshelves, columns and wood paneling of the library at El Escorial in Spain. I 
also provided to Mr. Epstein my own drawing of the proposed Library Cabinetry. On the 
basis of both photographs of the library at El Escorial, and my drawing, Mr. Epstein approved 
the general design, color and finish of the proposed Library Cabinetry. Mr. Epstein and I later 
EFTA00589459
--- PAGE 2 ---
Affidavit of Juan Pablo Molyneux 
Epstein et al. vs. Fancelli Panelling, Inc. 
agreed to certain refinements to that design which required that the columns and cornices 
included in the general design be intricately carved with representations of marine flora and 
fauna consistent with a tropical locale. Additional intricate wood carvings of the same 
tropical theme were to be applied at various places on the Library Cabinetry as well. 
5. 
In connection with the performance of our agreement relating to the Office 
Pavilion, Epstein and I agreed that Studio would contract with Fancelli Paneling, Inc., a New 
York corporation ("Fancelli"), to fabricate, stain, finish, deliver and install the Library 
Cabinetry for the benefit of Epstein and LSJ. Fancelli holds itself out as skilled in intricate 
wood sculpting and specializing in the reproduction of fine antique cabinetry and woodwork. 
In fact, Fancelli's website advertises that Fancelli's "[learn of artisans, sculptors and cabinet 
makers uphold the tradition and carry on the sophisticated art of fine wood paneling that 
graces the walls of some of the world's most beautiful interiors." Fancelli's website also 
advertises that its craftsmen are "able to carve intricate motifs as well as restore and replicate 
any antique design." 
6. 
Beginning in or about May 2006, Studio contracted with Fancelli to fabricate, 
stain, and finish the Library Cabinetry, and to deliver it to, and properly install it on, Little 
Saint James Island in the United States Virgin Islands. It was the clear understanding and 
agreement of Studio and Fancelli when they contracted that all of their contracts with respect 
to the Library Cabinetry were for the benefit of Epstein and LSJ and that the Library 
Cabinetry was to be installed and used in an air conditioned high-end office/library structure 
located in the tropical Caribbean locale of the United States Virgin Islands. 
7. 
Fancelli fabricated and began the process of staining and finishing the Library 
Cabinetry in Italy, and in or about May 2009 shipped the disassembled pieces of the same in 
EFTA00589460
--- PAGE 3 ---
Affidavit of Juan Pablo Molyneux 
Epstein et al. vs. Fancelli Panelling, Inc. 
sealed crates to the United States Virgin Islands, were it was to be properly installed on Little 
Saint James Island, and the staining and finishing were to be completed. 
8. 
Between May 2009 and March 2010, Fancelli proceeded to install the Library 
Cabinetry on Little St. James Island. As of the date of this Affidavit, however, Fancelli has 
failed to fully complete the proper installation, staining and finishing of the Library Cabinetry 
on Little Saint James Island in accordance with the requirements of the contracts between 
Studio and Fancelli, and, as installed, the Library Cabinetry is incomplete and defective in 
numerous respects, including, but not limited to, the following: 
A. 
The Library Cabinetry is discolored, its finish is incomplete, sloppy, unevenly 
and poorly applied, and the color and/or finish is completely absent in various 
places; 
B. 
Under Fancelli's contract with Studio, the Library Cabinetry was to be stained 
with darker colors and was to have a "wax finish". However, the Library 
Cabinetry has a light or transparent color and a badly simulated, inconsistent 
distressed finish, contrary to the color and finish of the cabinetry in the library of 
El Escorial, contrary to my rendering and design and contrary to the Studio's 
agreement with Fancelli; 
C. 
The method used to simulate the distressed finish, which was never agreed to by 
me or Studio and is itself a violation of Studio's agreement with Fancelli, 
incorporated a treatment which makes the wood of the Library Cabinetry 
resistant to being re-stained and re-finished without first being stripped and 
sanded; 
EFTA00589461
--- PAGE 4 ---
Affidavit of Juan Pablo Molyneux 
Epstein et al. vs. Fancelli Panelling, Inc. 
D. 
As installed by Fancelli, the surfaces and edges of all of the woodwork 
throughout library, including, but not limited to, the areas around all of the 
windows, the door panels, the cabinets and the floor pieces of the Library 
Cabinetry, are rough, jagged, and poorly and unevenly sanded, several cracks 
and seams are evident in the columns of the Library Cabinetry and were present 
at the time they were installed, and one of the columns was carved by Fancelli 
with the words "ignoti nulla cupido" which neither I nor Studio authorized. All 
of this reflects a substandard level of workmanship inconsistent with the high 
standards required of Fancelli under its agreement with Studio, which Fancelli 
held itself out as being able to provide; 
E. 
The perforated panels at the tilt top desk panels throughout the Library Cabinetry 
are consistently unfinished on the right side. Pursuant to my and Studio's 
design, Fancelli was required to fabricate the tilt top desk panels with 
perforations on both the left and right sides that were to be shaped like flower 
petals. Although the perforations on the left side of the tilt down desk panels 
fabricated and installed by Fancelli are shaped like flower petals, the perforations 
on the right side are simply drilled holes, and Fancelli improperly left carpenter's 
guide marks apparent within the encircled areas defined by those drilled holes; 
F. 
Contrary to Fancelli's agreement with Studio, the fabrication and installation of 
the sliding panels at the windows of the library are incomplete in that the exterior 
sides (i.e., the sides facing out and viewable from the exterior when looking into 
the windows of the Office Pavilion) of the sliding panels are completely 
EFTA00589462
--- PAGE 5 ---
Affidavit of Juan Pablo Molyneux 
Epstein et al. vs. Fancelli Panelling, Inc. 
unfinished, leaving exposed plywood and hardware that can be clearly seen from 
the exterior of the Office Pavilion; 
G. 
As installed by Fancelli, the connecting hardware at the sliding panels at the 
picture window of the library was loose or broken, and the sliding window 
shutters on all windows are misaligned and rattle; 
H. 
Fancelli was required to install wood filler pieces behind the carved filigree 
frames around the sliding panels at the windows so daylight does not shine 
through. Fancelli's installation of the wood filler pieces is incomplete in that 
daylight continues to shine through in certain areas; 
I. 
There are numerous open joints in the woodwork throughout the Library 
Cabinetry, including, without limitation in several areas at the decorative 
cornices of the Library Cabinetry. These open joints were present when the 
Library Cabinetry was installed and reflect a substandard level of workmanship 
inconsistent with high standards required of Fancelli under its agreement with 
Studio, which Fancelli held itself out as being able to provide; 
J. 
Fancelli improperly installed the Library Cabinetry with numerous carved pieces 
of wood at the edges of the decorative cornices broken off; 
K. 
The decorative brass handles on the hardware holding the upper bookcases of the 
Library Cabinetry closed are poorly abricated and installed and are 
systematically coming off. The small screw pins holding the handles to the rods 
are not only backing out, but also shearing or breaking off. Under its contract 
with Studio, Fancelli is responsible for the provision, proper installation and 
proper functioning of all such hardware; 
EFTA00589463
--- PAGE 6 ---
Affidavit of Juan Pablo Molyneux 
Epstein et al. vs. Fancelli Panelling, Inc. 
L. 
The concealed hardware inside the swinging bookcases at the entry doors was 
improperly installed and is falling off. The keys that operate the locks on those 
doors are breaking and the keyhole escutcheons that Fancelli was required to 
provide are missing. Under its contract with Studio, Fancelli is responsible for 
the provision, proper installation and proper functioning of all of this hardware; 
M. 
As installed by Fancelli, the swinging bookcase doors at the entries to the 
library are misaligned; 
N. 
As installed by Fancelli, several cabinet doors throughout the library do not fit 
evenly and square within their frames; 
O. 
The overall workmanship and finish of the Library Cabinetry reflects a 
substandard level of workmanship inconsistent with the high standards required 
of Fancelli under its agreement with Studio, which Fancelli held itself out as 
being able to provide, and is wholly inconsistent with the quality of woodwork 
priced at well over three quarters of a million dollars. 
9. 
Fancelli has claimed that it fabricated, installed, stained and finished the 
Library Cabinetry strictly in accordance with all of the designs and specifications provided to 
it by Studio and that Studio has fully approved the fabrication, installation, staining and 
finishing of the Library Cabinetry in its present condition on Little Saint James Island. Studio 
has also claimed that certain of the items identified in paragraph 8 of this Affidavit are not the 
fault of Fancelli, but instead a result of either (a) improper specifications and designs provided 
by Studio and myself or (b) the combination of high temperatures and high humidity levels 
inherent in Little Saint James' tropical climate, on the one hand, and efforts to maintain cooler 
air temperatures in the interior space at the Office Pavilion where the Library Cabinetry was 
EFTA00589464
--- PAGE 7 ---
Affidavit of Juan Pablo Molyneux 
Epstein et al. vs. Fancelli Panelling, Inc. 
installed, on the other hand. These claims are entirely without merit. As stated in paragraph 8, 
the items identified therein, are contrary to Studio's and my designs and specifications. 
Moreover, the items identified in paragraph 8 of this Affidavit existed at the time of 
installation and were not the result of any environmental conditions. In addition, it was the 
clearly understood and intended by Studio and Fancelli when they contracted that the Library 
Cabinetry was to be installed and used in a high-end office/library structure located in the 
United States Virgin Islands and would be therefore subject to temperature and humidity 
levels inherent in a Caribbean climate, as well as within an office structure in which air 
conditioning would be present. The Library Cabinetry should have been fabricated for such 
intended use, and Fancelli cannot now escape its obligations by blaming environmental 
conditions. Consequently, Fancelli continues to be obligated to properly and fully complete 
the fabrication, installation, staining and finishing of the Library Cabinetry, including, without 
limitation, by properly and fully correcting all of the items identified in paragraph 8 of this 
Affidavit. 
11. 
Despite my and Studio's, and Epstein's and LSJ's repeated demands for 
Fancelli to correct the multitude of defects in, and to properly and fully complete, the 
fabrication, installation, staining and finishing of the Library Cabinetry as contracted, Fancelli 
refuses to do so without first being paid additional sums therefor. However, Fancelli has been 
paid all moneys to which it is entitled under its contracts with Studio and is not entitled to any 
additional sums to correct and properly and fully complete the Library Cabinetry in 
accordance with its contracts with Studio, including, without limitation, by properly and fully 
correcting all of the items identified in paragraph 8 of this Affidavit. Moreover, it is standard 
EFTA00589465
--- PAGE 8 ---
Affidavit of Juan Pablo Molyneux 
Epstein et al. vs. Fancelli Panelling, Inc. 
practice in Fancelli's industry that items of the type identified in paragraph 8 of this Affidavit 
are customarily corrected by the contractor at no additional charge. 
12. 
Epstein and LSJ were the clear and intended third party beneficiaries of the 
contracts between Studio and Fancelli relating to the Library Cabinetry and are therefore fully 
entitled to enforce claims against Fancelli in connection with Fancelli's failures to perform its 
obligations under those contracts. 
FURTHER AFFIANT SAYETH NOT. 
JUAN PABLO MOLYNEUX 
SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN TO 
before me this 
day of 
, 2010. 
Notary Public 
My Commission Expires: 
EFTA00589466

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589467.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589467.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
Plaintiff 
Case No. 15-cv-07433-RWS 
v. 
Ghislaine Maxwell, 
Defendant 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S MOTION TO QUASH TRIAL SUBPOENA 
Jeffrey Epstein, a non-party to the above captioned action, has been subpoenaed to testify 
at the trial of this case, being commanded to appear on March 13, 2017. He now moves to quash 
that subpoena for the reasons set forth herein. 
Mr. Epstein was deposed by the parties on November 10, 2016. At that deposition, he 
asserted his Fifth Amendment privilege and declined to answer all substantive questions posed to 
him during the deposition. The validity of his assertion of the privilege has already been the 
subject of extensive litigation in this case, with this Court ruling that, as to questions which the 
parties sought to compel him to answer, his assertion of the privilege was valid and proper. 
Order, February 2, 2017 (under seal).' Mr. Epstein's good faith basis for his assertion of his Fifth 
Amendment privilege remains unabated. As plaintiff is well aware, it is Mr. Epstein's intention, 
if he is called as a witness at the trial of this case, to once again assert his Fifth Amendment 
privilege in response to questioning, and his assertion of the privilege at trial will be no less valid 
As to other questions that the parties sought to compel Mr. Epstein to answer, the Court 
concluded that the information sought was irrelevant. Id. at 13. The upshot of the Court's ruling 
was that Epstein was not required to answer any of the questions to which the parties sought to 
compel his answers. 
EFTA00589467
--- PAGE 2 ---
than it was at his deposition. Under the circumstances of this case, this Court should not require 
Mr. Epstein to physically appear to assert his Fifth Amendment privilege in front of the July. 
While there is no blanket prohibition in civil cases against a party's calling a witness who 
the party knows will assert his Fifth Amendment privilege, see, e.g., Brinks, Inc. v. City of New 
York, 717 F.2d 700, 708-10 (2d Cir. 1983); see also LiButti v. United States, 107 F.3d 110 (2d 
Cir. 1997), neither is this Court required to permit it in all cases. Instead, the question must be 
evaluated on a case-by-case basis. "The trial judge maintains discretion under Fed. R. Evid. 403 
to control the way in which non-party claims of privilege reach the jury." BAD Servs., Inc. v. 
Aetna Cas. & Sur. Co., 808 F.2d 271, 272 (3d Cir. 1986), quoted in LiButti, 107 F.3d at 122. See 
Evans v. City of Chicago, 513 F.3d 735, 740-41 (7th Cir. 2008)(finding no abuse of discretion in 
district court's refusal to permit plaintiff to "maximize and dramatize the moment" by calling 
witness to assert Fifth Amendment privilege in front of jury); see also Brinks, 717 F.2d at 715 
(Winter, J., dissenting)(decrying the "invitation to sharp practice" inherent in "permitting the 
systematic interrogation of witnesses on direct examination by counsel who knows they will 
assert the privilege against self-incrimination"). 
Here, Mr. Epstein submitted to a 
hour deposition at which the parties had an 
unlimited opportunity to examine him at length, asking approximately 600 separate questions, to 
all of which Mr. Epstein asserted his Fifth Amendment privilege. No different result would 
obtain were Mr. Epstein forced to take the stand and assert his Fifth Amendment privilege in 
front of the jury. Plaintiff seeks to call Mr. Epstein as a witness in the hope not of eliciting 
substantive testimony but of obtaining adverse inferences against defendant Maxwell based on 
EFTA00589468
--- PAGE 3 ---
Mr. Epstein's assertion of the Fifth Amendment privilege with respect to various questions. 
Whether or not such adverse inferences are appropriate under the circumstances of this case is a 
matter to be litigated between the parties and decided by the Court, and Mr. Epstein expresses no 
position on that ultimate issue. 
The Second Circuit has identified four factors which are 
relevant to the determination whether courts should permit juries to draw adverse inferences 
against a party based on a witness' invocation of his Fifth Amendment privilege: 
1. The Nature of the Relevant Relationships: While no particular relationship governs, the 
nature of the relationship will invariably be the most significant circumstance. It should 
be examined, however, from the perspective of a non-party witness' loyalty to the 
plaintiff or defendant, as the case may be. The closer the bond, whether by reason of 
blood, friendship or business, the less likely the non-party witness would be to render 
testimony 
in 
order 
to 
damage 
the 
relationship. 
2. The Degree of Control of the Party Over the Non-Party Witness: The degree of control 
which the party has vested in the non-party witness in regard to the key facts and general 
subject matter of the litigation will likely inform the trial court whether the assertion of 
the privilege should be viewed as akin to testimony approaching admissibility under Fed. 
R. Evid. 801(d)(2), and may accordingly be viewed, as in Brink's, as a vicarious 
admission. 
3. The Compatibility of the Interests of the Party and Non-Party Witness in the Outcome 
of the Litigation: The trial court should evaluate whether the non-party witness is 
pragmatically a noncaptioned party in interest and whether the assertion of the privilege 
advances the interests of both the non-party witness and the affected party in the outcome 
of 
the 
litigation. 
4. The Role of the Non-Party Witness in the Litigation: Whether the non-party witness 
was a key figure in the litigation and played a controlling role in respect to any of its 
underlying aspects also logically merits consideration by the trial court. 
LiButti, 107 F.3d at 123-24 (Italics in original). In her motion seeking to present Mr. Epstein's 
assertions of his Fifth Amendment privilege in response to various questions, plaintiff has argued 
why these factors should result in adverse inferences against defendant Maxwell. See Plaintiff 
EFTA00589469
--- PAGE 4 ---
Motion to Present Testimony from Jeffrey Epstein for Purposes of Obtaining an 
Adverse Inference (Doc. _)("Motion to Present Epstein Testimony") at 10-13. [hors deal NS nil 
this since it's under seal??] 
Requiring Mr. Epstein to appear personally to assert his Fifth Amendment privilege in 
front of the jury has no potential whatsoever to add to or detract from either plaintiff's arguments 
in favor of an adverse inference or arguments in opposition presented by defendant Maxwell. 
These factors all present questions which can be determined entirely independently of Mr. 
Epstein's appearance as a witness at trial. Indeed, plaintiff appears to recognize as much, as she 
makes no distinction in her motion between live testimony and deposition testimony; indeed, 
plaintiff indicates in her motion that, if Mr. Epstein were to appear as a witness, she would put 
the very same questions to him as she did at his deposition. See id. at 4 (=ME 
now 
intends to call Epstein to ask him these same questions, either live an in-person if he honors a 
trial subpoena served on his legal counsel, or, if he fails to appear, via deposition testimony such 
as the designations just discussed" (emphasis added)). [under seal] Indeed, in LiButti itself, the 
issue was the admissibility of the witness' deposition testimony and the extent to which, if any, 
adverse inference inferences should be drawn from the witness' invocation of the Fifth 
Amendment at his deposition. Nothing will be added to the adverse inference inquiry by 
requiring Mr. Epstein to appear personally and reassert his Fifth Amendment privilege in front of 
the jury, nor would the jury be aided in determining whether to draw any adverse inferences it is 
permitted to consider by seeing Mr. Epstein assert the privilege in front of it. 
EFTA00589470
--- PAGE 5 ---
Adverse inference issues are often submitted to the jury based on deposition testimony 
rather than on live invocation of the privilege in front of the jury, see, e.g., SEC v. Jasper, 678 
F.3d 1116, 1125 (9th Cir. 2012); RAD, 808 F.2d at 272; Data Gen. Corp. v. Grumman Sys. 
Support Corp., 825 F. Supp. 340, 352 (D. Mass. 1993); East Coast Novelty Co. V. City of New 
York, 842 F. Supp. 117, 121 (S.D.N.Y. 1994); Penfield v. Venuti, 589 F. Supp. 250, 255-56 
(D.Conn. 1984), and that is the procedure which should be followed in this case. 
Not only will nothing be gained by either party by requiring Mr. Epstein to invoke his 
Fifth Amendment privilege in front of the jury, but there are other countervailing concerns as 
well. First, Mr. Epstein's personal appearance would likely generate substantial media attention 
which would threaten to undermine the parties' rights to a fair trial, a result which neither 
plaintiff or defendant could legitimately welcome. Second, requiring Mr. Epstein's personal 
appearance would impose an undue and unnecessary burden on him. Mr. Epstein is not a resident 
of New York; on the contrary, he resides in the Virgin Islands.2 Since his deposition assertion of 
the privilege is the functional equivalent of an in-person assertion, the distance of travel required 
and the expenses which would be incurred—here, not just the cost of travel to New York but also 
additional legal fees for representation during his testimony—would impose a substantial and 
unwarranted burden on Mr. Epstein. 
Fed. R. Civ P. 45(d)(3)(A)(iv) provides that the court for the district when compliance is 
required must quash a subpoena that "subjects a person to undue burden." "An evaluation of 
Normally, a party cannot be required p appear outside the state where he resides, is 
employed, or regularly transacts business in peon. Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(c)(1). 
EFTA00589471
--- PAGE 6 ---
undue burden requires the court to weigh the burden to the subpoenaed party against the value of 
the information to the serving party." Travelers Indent. Co. v. Metro. Life Ins. Co., 228 F.R.D. 
III, 113 (D. Conn. 2005). "Whether a subpoena subjects a witness to undue burden within the 
meaning of [Rule 45(d)(3)(A)(iv)] `depends upon such factors as relevance . . and the burden 
imposed.'" Garneau v. Paquin, 2015 WL 3466833, at *3 (D. Conn. June I, 2015), quoting In re 
Application of Operacion y Supervision de Hoteles, S.A., 2015 WL 82007, at *4 (S.D.N.Y. Jan. 
6, 2015). See Cusumano v. Microsoft Corp., 162 F.3d 708, 717 (1st Cir. 1998)("concem for the 
unwanted burden thrust upon non-parties is a factor entitled to special weight in evaluating the 
balance of competing needs"). Here, forcing Mr. Epstein to travel to New York to assert his Fifth 
Amendment privilege in front of the jury would add no "value" to plaintiff's case beyond 
whatever may be afforded by his deposition testimony, nor would Mr. Epstein's personal 
appearance add anything of relevance to plaintiff's case. Given the wholesale lack of value or 
relevance of Mr. Epstein's personal appearance before the jury, the burdens to which such an 
appearance would subject him should be controlling. This is particularly true when the additional 
burden on Mr. Epstein's assertion of the Fifth Amendment privilege is factored into the analysis, 
as well as the spectre of this trial's becoming even more of a media event than it already will be.3
Mr. Epstein has been, and continues to be, the subject of extensive publicity, much of it 
salacious. A Google search for "Jeffrey Epstein returns 508,000 entries CONSIDER 
RESERVING DETAIL FOR REPLY, the most recent of which center on the new nominee for 
Secretary of Labor, Alexander Acosta, who, when he was United States Attorney for the 
Southern District of Florida, approved Mr. Epstein's nonprosecution agreement. See, e.g., New 
York Daily News, "Labor Secretary nominee Alexander Acosta gave `sweetheart deal' to sex 
offender 
Jeffrey 
Epstein," 
Febn2ary 
16, 
2017, 
available 
at 
http://www.nydailynews.cominews/national/laber-pick-acosta-gave-sweetheart-deal-sex-
EFTA00589472
--- PAGE 7 ---
Finally, plaintiff also argues in her motion that she should be permitted to call Mr. 
Epstein as a witness to forestall the possibility that the jury would find it odd that she had not 
called Mr. Epstein to testify. Motion to Present Epstein Testimony at 13-15. [under sear 
Presenting Mr. Epstein's deposition testimony in which he asserted his Fifth Amendment 
privilege in response to questioning regarding plaintiff's allegations would, however, completely 
alleviate this concern, as the jury would know from that testimony exactly "what Epstein . . . has 
to say about all this." Id. at 14. There is no indication in Cerro Gordo Charity v. Fireman's Fund 
Am. Life Ins. Co., 819 F.2d 1471 (8th Cir. 1987), on which plaintiff relies, id. at 14-15, that 
deposition testimony of the witness was available in lieu of personal appearance before the July 
to assert the Fifth Amendment privilege. The Court, stressing that the determination must be 
made on a case-by-case basis, id. at 1481, concluded that there was no error in permitting the 
offender-epstein-article-1.2975065 (last visited February 17, 2017); Politico, "Trump's Labor 
nominee oversaw 'sweetheart plea deal' in billionaire's underage sex case," February 16, 2017, 
available at http://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/alexander-acosta-trump-jeffrey-epstein-plea-
235096 (last visited February 17, 2017). Mr. Epstein's name has been widely linked in the press 
with prominent individuals such as Donald Trump, Bill Clinton, Prince Andrew. See, e.g., New 
York Post, "The 'sex slave' scandal that exposed pedophile billionaire Jeffrey Epstein," October 
9, 
2016, 
available 
at 
http://nypost.com/2016/10/09/the-sex-slave-scandal-that-exposed-
pedophile-billionaire-jeffrey-epstein/ (last visited February 17, 2017); Newsweek, "Jeffrey 
Epstein: the Sex Offender Who Mixes with Princes and Premiers," January 29, 2015, available at 
http://www.newsweek.com/2015/02/06/sex-offender-who-mixes-princes-and-premiers-
302877.html (last visited February 17, 2017). He is the subject of a recently released book by 
best-selling author James Patterson titled Filthy Rich: A Powerful Billionaire, the Sex Scandal 
that Undid Him, and All the Justice that Money Can Buy - The Shocking True Story of Jeffrey 
Epstein (Little, Brown & Co. October 10, 2016). His personal appearance at the trial of this case 
would predictably be the focus of massive media attention, of both the main-stream and gutter 
variety. 
EFTA00589473
--- PAGE 8 ---
witness to be called even though he had indicated that he would assert the privilege because 
Nearing Richards invoke the privilege informed the jury why the parties with the burden 
of proof, i.e., the insurance companies, resorted to less direct and more circumstantial 
evidence than Richards' own account of what had occurred. . .. Otherwise, the jury might 
have inferred that the companies did not call Richards to testify because his testimony 
would have damaged their case. 
Id. at 1482. Use of Mr. Epstein's deposition testimony would serve these purposes equally well, 
as the jury would be left in no doubt as to why the plaintiff had not called Mr. Epstein as a 
witness. And plaintiff's comparison of her circumstances to Hamlet ignores the central fact that 
the ghost actually had something to say about the murder of Hamlet's father. 
CONCLUSION 
For all the foregoing reasons, Mr. Epstein's Motion to Quash should be granted. 
EFTA00589474

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589475.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589475.pdf
----------------------------------------
ssis n 
m e 
ates Attorney 
WPB 
Re Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear 
Thank you for your letter of July 27, 2011 in regards to the request by 
the New York District Attorney for copies of the NPA and the "victim 
list" in regards to Mr. Epstein. We continue for the reasons stated herein 
to believe that any such disclosure would violate the confidentiality 
agreement between your Office and Mr. Epstein as well as the provisions 
of F.R.Crim.P 6(e). 
As to the NPA, you have repeatedly asserted in Doe v United States 
9:08cv80736-KAM that the NPA was a confidential document. For 
instance, in par 6 of document 14, your own declaration, you stated that 
the NPA contained "an express confidentiality provision". In opposing 
the Motion to Unseal the NPA that was filed by Jane Doe, you stated that 
you had informed Judge Marra of the confidentiality provision during an 
earlier telephonic status conference occurring on August 14, 2008 which 
"the United States was obligated to honor", Doc 29, pg 1, and that "the 
parties who negotiated the Agreement, the United States Attorney's 
Office and Jeffrey Epstein, determined that the Agreement should remain 
confidential", Doc 29, pg 2. The New York District Attorney, Ms Morse, 
is representing the prosecution in an appeal regarding a sex offender 
registration determination and any disclosure of the NPA to her has the 
potential to result in its use in that appeal and the real risk that the 
appellate court will unseal it. Both Mr. Lefkowitz, who is co-signing this 
letter, and myself believe it to violate both the spirit and the most logical 
interpretation of the NPA, par 13, for you to disclose it absent a subpoena 
(which we could oppose in the jurisdiction from which it emanated), and 
also believe that when parol evidence supplements the text of the 
paragraph it is perfectly apparent from your prior submissions that you as 
well as we believed the NPA to contain "an express confidentiality 
provision" that your willingness to disclose absent court process violates. 
As to the "victim" list, again, your own prior letters tie the list to the 
Federal Grand Jury investigation and thus to the non-disclosure 
EFTA00589475
--- PAGE 2 ---
provisions of F.R.Crim.P 6(e). On July 8, 2008 you wrote to Jack A 
Goldberger and informed him that on June 30, 2008 "the United States 
Attorney's Office provided {him} with a list of thirty-one individuals 
`whom it was prepared to name in an Indictment as victims of an 
enumerated offense by Mr. Epstein'. On July 9, 2008 you wrote to Mr. 
Goldberger in a followup letter that "the U.S. Attorney's modification of 
the 2255 portion of the Agreement now limits our victim list to those 
persons whom the United States was prepared to include in an 
indictment. This means that, pursuant to Justice Department policy, 
these are individuals for whom the United States believes it has proof 
beyond a reasonable doubt that each of them was a victim of an 
enumerated offense." (emphasis added). The names of witnesses that 
either testified or were identified during Grand Jury proceedings are 
subject to the secrecy provisions of F.R.Crim.P 6(e), SEC v Dresser 
Industries Inc 628 F2d 1368, 1382 (DC Cir, 1982), Fund for 
Constitutional Gov't v Nat'l Archives & Records Serv. 656 F2d 856, 869 
(DC Cir, 1983). 
EFTA00589476

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589477.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589477.pdf
----------------------------------------
Working with Sirius: 4.5-4 million project/ 12 months..... 500K design, 500K running 
the project & the company, 1 mill infrastructure, 1.5-2 mill development; result would be 
a launch in 12 mos if the in-car stream system, as a Sirius product or in collaboration 
with Sirius. B/c Internet Radio is coming on so strong as a threat to Sirius, strikes us 
that Sirius needs a dramatic new service to hold its position, & this is it. 
Heads-up Computing, Drive-Compute (DC), Compute and Keep Driving (CKD) 
§ You can use the stream (or "proph memory") without visual feedback, via interactive 
audio. 
§ Get in your car, drive; speak: five top thing on my stream-meaning five latest arrivals; or 
everything in the last halfhour. Audio response: "email from Bob Schwartz"; pause. "News 
from WSJ, headline Greek riots"; pause. "Email from Tom Schapiro;" in the pause you 
say Subject? Response: "Security problem on main server"; you say Read it. Response: 
system starts reading. Partway through, you say: "OK; send a reply; let's meet first thing in 
my office, around 9." 
§ Now you say Tell me what's coming up. [I.e., look at the stream's future.] Response: "At 
9:20, meet with Miss Bloom." Pause. "At 9:30, meet with Stroock lawyers." Pause. "At 
10:00, call with BP." Pause; you say, Back one. Response: "At 9:30, meet with Stroock 
lawyers." You say, Mail to Laure: Phone Strook; say that I need to postpone this morning's 
meeing. OK 
§ (When you tell the system to "say something" on the phone, it can put a recording of 
your voice into the phone message. For plain email, the system turns your voice into 
words—though it can always insert your voice if it has problems transcribing.) 
§ If you have the stream make a phone call for you, instead of phoning yourself from the 
car, you save time (computer dials &waits for someone to pick up), and you have a 
record of the call on-stream. 
EFTA00589477
--- PAGE 2 ---
§ Or you can insert calls directly into the stream, and keep a recording on-stream: say 
Phone Melissa .The system dials; the call is recorded; when you look back over the stream, 
the complete phone call is on-stream between (say) email from Schwartz and a memo 
from Feinstein. 
§ Now you say Previous. Response: "At 9:20, meeting with Miss Bloom." You say, Mail 
Miss Bloom: I need to postpone; cheek with me later. The system transcribes your words and 
sends the email. 
§ Then you say Go back to the thing about Greek riots. Read it. The system searches most 
recent events, reads the news story. Say What have we got on this guy Aristides? The 
system looks for match between spoken name & recent words it's said; otherwise, asks 
you "Spell it"; then, searches against the stream. 
§ If there are pictures in news, messages, memos and so on, the system can commandeer 
a dashboard screen and display pictures. (Optional; maybe we don't want this.) 
§ If you're listening to music and new info shows up on stream, the system can break in. 
§ Tune to the "Stream Channel" to find this system. 
EFTA00589478

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589479.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589479.pdf
----------------------------------------
LONDON WRITING PARTNERS 
Charles Richards, Partner 
skye: 
Westbourne Park Road 
London W2 5PJ 
January 2015 
Dr Mohamed Waheed Hassan 
former President of the Maldives 
Proposal for a Book 
Dear Waheed, 
It was good talking to you on Tuesday by Skype. You have a fascinating project 
and very interesting approach and I believe we could make an excellent and 
important book together. I may not have mentioned that I am a co-founder and 
partner in London Writing Partners. We write books for clients. 
I suggest the best thing is to set out some terms so that we are in agreement on 
what the project would entail and the duties and responsibilities of each of us. 
We could then draw up a more formal contract if we considered necessary. 
This book is above all a collaborative undertaking. It will need us both to give up 
time and thought. 
I would expect you to contribute enough time to tell your story and expound on 
your views. You must make yourself available for interview, at times which are 
mutually convenient [and I don't think from our first exchange we will have any 
difficulty in achieving that]. I would like to hear anecdotes and personal 
encounters to show that you were at the centre of events and of decision making. 
There will be, indeed there may already have been, other accounts published of 
www.londonwritingpartners.com 
EFTA00589479
--- PAGE 2 ---
the same events from different perspectives. You will need to give your own 
version of history. 
I would also need help with contacts and introduction to people. I would also ask 
for documents that may be useful to be made available. 
I agree 
• to make every effort to be available to meet you at your convenience 
• to deliver a manuscript within a year —although timing depends in large 
measure on securing access 
• to help obtain a reputable publisher who would also promote the book. 
That publisher would probably want to see the finished manuscript before 
agreeing on publication 
Libel 
I would want to be indemnified against any libel which I was told and wrote down 
in good faith. Likewise I would indemnify you against any claims from information 
I supply. 
Terms My fee is £100,000 to deliver a publishable manuscript within the agreed 
time, dependent on getting the access I need. Of this, half (50%) would be 
payable on signature of contract and the remaining 50% would be payable on 
completion of the project. If you decide to withdraw from the project 'I would be 
paid any outstanding amounts. I would also expect travel costs and reasonable 
incidental expenses to be covered. 
I hope you find these terms reasonable. 
With best wishes 
Charles 
www.londonwritingpartners.com 
EFTA00589480

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589481.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589481.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUMMARY OF PROPOSED TERMS 
SERIES A PREFERRED SHARES 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. 
January 
2015 
We are happy to confirm our interest, subject to all terms and conditions herein, to explore the 
possibility of an investment in Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. This letter summarizes the 
principal terms of a proposed investment for the purchase of Preferred A Shares of the 
Company. Except as specifically provided herein, this letter is not intended to be a legally 
binding agreement but is a statement of intent. It is presented solely for the purpose of 
discussion. 
Company 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd., an Israeli company (the "Company"). 
Founders 
Amir Elichai, Alexander Dizengoff, Yoni Yitzon & Lital Leshem 
Investor 
An entity under the control of Mr. Ehud Barak (the "Investor"). 
Structure of 
The Investor shall invest in the Company up to an aggregate amount of US$ 
Financing 
1,500,000 (the "Investment Amount"), against issuance by the Company of a 
total amount of 
184 Preferred Shares for the entire Investment 
Amount (assuming all Investment Amount is delivered) at a price per share of 
frending-an-teprietted-eap-tableUSS35.5583] ("PPS") (representing a pre-money 
valuation of US$ 4,500,000, on a Fully Diluted Basis (as defined below)) so 
that immediately following the Additional Closing, Investor will hold not less 
than 25% of the Company's share capital, on a Fully Diluted Basis. 
The Investment Amount shall be provided to Company in two installments as 
follows: 
(i) an amount of US$ {1,000,000} out of the Investment Amount will be provided 
at the Closing upon which, an amount of  
123 Preferred Shares 
shall be allocated to the Investor; and 
(ii) Subject to the following, the remaining amount of US$ f500,0003 (ASeeend 
Installinem-Paymenctyout of the Investment Amount will be provided within 
months as of the Closing, conditioned upon achievement by the Company at or 
prior to such time of the-certain milestone(s) that shall be defined in the Definitive 
Agreement  cot forth under Annex 1 of thic letter at or prior to such time (the 
"Additional Closing") at—a—pciee—pershafe—ef--(2Additionol
upon
which, an amount of  
14.061 Preferred Shares shall be allocated to the 
Investor. 
Fully Diluted Basis 
In this letter, "Fully Diluted Basis" includes, without limitation, all issued and 
outstanding share capital of the Company, all securities issuable upon the 
conversion of any existing convertible securities, notes or loans, the exercise of all 
outstanding warrants, options, adjustments of numbers of shares triggered by this 
financing (if any), any shares or options to acquire shares issued to any person as a 
finder's fee or similar arrangement in connection with the Investment, shares 
reserved by the Company as of the Closing for issuance upon exercise of the 
Barak Options (as defined below) and an unallocated option pool for future 
EFTA00589481
--- PAGE 2 ---
allotment to employees, consultants and directors of the Company, representing 
442812% 
of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company 
immediately following the Closing (assuming the Additional Closing)  ("Option 
Poor') (assuming the Warrant(s) (as defined below) were not exercised by the 
Investor). 
Capitalization Table 
Conditions to Close 
Estimated Closing 
Date 
Type of Security 
Warrant(s) 
Use of Proceeds 
Liquidation / 
Dividend Preference 
The detailed pre-Closing and post-Closing capitalization of the Company is set 
forth in the Capitalization Table attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
Closing of the transaction contemplated hereunder is subject to (i) satisfaction of 
the parties due diligence requirements, including financial and legal diligence, and 
(ii) the signing of mutually acceptable Definitive Agreements (as defined below). 
[Closing Date] (the "Closing"). 
Series A Convertible Preferred Shares (the "Preferred Shares"), initially 
convertible on a one to one basis into Ordinary Shares of the Company (the 
"Ordinary Shares"), subject to adjustment as provided below. 
At the Closing, the Company will issue: (i) a first warrant to the Investor that will 
allow it (or any of its assignee or affiliated companies) to purchase additional 
Preferred A Shares of the same type as the Preferred Shares, by investing an 
additional amount of USS 1,000,000, in single payment, at an exercise price of 
150% of the Additional-PPS and M-m-Warrant-APS2)-and (ii) a second warrant 
to the Investor that will allow it (or any of its assignees or affiliated companies) to 
purchase additional Preferred A Shares by investing an additional amount of US$ 
2,000500,000 at an exercise price of 175% of the Additional  PPS fee-the-fiest 
year
i
304„thawirieFeas
i_vizerrant 
p4182)
(all PPS hereunder shall be subject to anti-dilutive adjustment and standard 
recapitalization adjustment), (collectively the "Warrant(s)"). The Warrant(s) 
will be valid for a period of 48 months(36—?j after the Closing ("Warrants 
Period"). Exercise of such Warrants) shall not be cashless. 
The Investment Amount shall be used by the Company to continue the 
development of the Company's technology, know-how, sales and marketing 
programs and provide general working capital, pursuant to a budget prepared by 
the Company, agreed by the Investor and attached to the Definitive Agreements. 
In the event of any Liquidation Event(as defined below and including deemed 
liquidation) and/or distribution of dividends, the holders of the Preferred Shares 
will be entitled to receive prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the 
Company's assets or funds to all other equity securities of the Company (in cash, 
cash equivalents, or, if applicable, securities), for each Preferred Share, an amount 
equal to: (i) 100% of the PPS, plus (ii) 8% annual interest on that amount, 
compounded annually, from the date of its actual investment (together, the 
"Preference A Amount"). 
Any surplus of assets or funds remaining (if any) after the payment in full of the 
Preference A Amount less any amounts paid as preferential dividends prior to that 
date will then be distributed pro rata among all the shareholders of the Company, 
including the holders of Preferred Shares, on an as-converted basis. 
A "Liquidation Event" shall mean any of the following transactions: an 
acquisition of the Company or a merger between the Company and another non-
affiliated entity in which the shareholders of the Company do not own a majority 
of the shares of the surviving entity, the sale of all or substantially all of the 
EFTA00589482
--- PAGE 3 ---
Company's assets, or of the shares of the Company, an exclusive, irrevocable 
license of all or substantially all of the Company's intellectual property to a third 
patty, or any other transaction in which control of the Company (at least 50%) is 
transferred (other than a IPO or other bona fide financing transaction). 
Conversion 
Each holder of Preferred Shares shall have the right to convert its shares at any 
time into Ordinary Shares at an initial conversion rate of 1:1, subject to 
proportional adjustment for share splits, dividends or recapitalizations or a 
similar event and any anti-dilution adjustments. The Preferred Shares shall 
automatically convert into Ordinary Shares if (a) the Investor consents to such 
conversion or (b) upon the closing of a firmly underwritten public offering of 
shares of the Company ("IPO") which was pre-approved in writing by the 
Investor, at its sole discretion (a "QIPO"). 
Anti-Dilution 
Until a QIPO, if the Company issues new securities at a price per share lower 
Provisions 
than the then applicable conversion price of the Preferred Shares (initially, the 
conversion price shall be the Price Per Share), then in each such event occurred 
within a period of 36 months as of the Closing, the conversion price of the 
Preferred Shares shall be adjusted on a "full ratchet" anti-dilution adjustment 
and in each such event occurred at any time following a period of 36 months as 
of the Closing, the conversion price of the Preferred Shares shall be adjusted on 
a "narrow-based weighted-average" anti-dilution adjustment, subject to 
customary carve outs. 
Protective Provisions 
Until the QIPO and for as long as the Investor collectively hold at least 10% of 
the Company's issued and outstanding share capital (on an as converted basis) 
Following the Closing, Certain important actions of the Company shall require 
the consent of the Investor or the consent of at least one of the Preferred 
Directors (as defined below), to include, without limitation, actions to: (i) alter 
the rights, preferences or privileges of the Preferred Shares; (ii) issue any new 
securities beyond those anticipated by this investment; (iii) create any new 
class or series of shares; (iv) take any action which (a) results in a Liquidation 
Event, except if such Deemed Liquidation event has occurred within 36 months 
as of the Closing at a Company valuation that yields to the Investor more than 
400% of the aggregate amount provided by it to the Company prior to such an 
event or (b) otherwise dissolving, liquidating or winding up the Company (v) 
increase the number of shares reserved for issuance to employees and 
consultants, whether under the Option Pool or otherwise; (vi) grant of options 
to employees and consultants, whether under the Option Pool or otherwise, on 
vesting terms different than the vesting terms that shall be defined in the 
Definitive Agreement (as defined below) (vii) redeem or sale of any shares of 
the Company, including Ordinary Shares, Preferred Shares or any new class or 
series of shares; (viii) declaring or paying any dividend or other distribution of 
cash, shares or other assets, other than a bonus shares issuance paid to all of the 
shareholders of the Company on a pro rata basis; (ix) change the number of 
Board members or otherwise changing its composition; (x) amend the 
incorporation documents including Articles of Association ; (xi) effect any 
material change to the nature of the business of the Company; (xii) subscribe or 
otherwise acquire, or dispose of any shares in the capital of any other company 
not under the Company's Budget; (xiii) affect any interested party transactions 
with the Company; (xiv) amend the signatory rights determined under this 
transaction; (xv) approve the Company's annual operating plan and budget and 
any monthly deviations from it of more than 2010%; (xvi) entering into a 
transaction with any related party (xvii) the appointment of the CEO, CFO or 
CTO; or (xviii) create, incur, assume, or be liable for any indebtedness 
EFTA00589483
--- PAGE 4 ---
exceeding an amount of US$100,000 (not in cumulative). 
Voting Rights 
Board of Directors 
Insurance 
The holders of the Preferred Shares shall vote together with the holders of all 
other shares of the Company, and not as a separate class, in all shareholders 
meetings, except as to matters that by law or pursuant to this Term Sheet are 
subject to a class vote. Each Preferred Share shall entitle the holder thereof to 
such number of votes as if such shares had been converted into Ordinary 
Shares. 
Immediately following the Closing, the board of directors of the Company (the 
"Board") shall consist of a maximum of five (5) members: for so long the 
holders of Ordinary Shares hold together the majority of the Company share 
capital may appoint three (3) directors and the holders of Preferred Shares may 
appoint two (2) directors of which one them shall initially be Mr. Barak 
("Preferred Directors") and, as of the time the holders of Ordinary Shares, 
collectively, no longer hold the majority of the Company share capital, they 
may appoint two (2) directors and the holders of Preferred Shares may appoint 
three (3) Preferred Directors. This provision will also apply to any subsidiary 
of the Company.{TBD} 
In consideration for Mr. Barak's serving as Director in the Company, Mr. Barak 
(or a certain entity through which he shall provide the Director services) shall 
be entitled to be allocated with a total amount of 8,250 Ordinary Shares of the 
Company constituting up to the applicable share percentage—po-be-adjusted
atteerding-to-the-present-oplions-graitted-s-Pittehasi-a-the-isseed-ami 
Olitstanfling-shar-e- eapital-ef-the-Genipeay-oti-a-Fally-Dilated-Basis-at-Cles.ing, 
specified in the Capitalization Table (Exhibit A) subject to a vesting 
mechanism in which an amount of 1/8 of such consideration shares shall be 
vested upon each calendar quarter in which Mr. Barak has served as director in 
the Company ("Barak Options"). 
The Company will sign an indemnity agreement with each of the directors and 
will maintain Directors & Officers liability insurance, reasonably satisfactory 
to the Investor. 
Signatory Rights 
At or prior to the Initial Closing, the Company shall adopt a resolution 
effecting the signatory rights which is satisfactory to the Investor. 
Information and 
Nlanagement rights 
Pre-emptive Right 
Until a QIPO, Investor shall have the right to receive: (i) financial statements 
within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, which have been audited by 
one of the "Big Four" accounting firms; (ii) unaudited, but reviewed, quarterly 
financial statements within 60 days after the end of the first, second and third 
quarters of each fiscal year; (iii) a monthly report in a form agreed by the 
Board including the Preferred Directors, within 30 days after the end of each 
month, which report shall include a business update and overview, profit and 
loss and cash-flow statement and budget variance report and explanatory notes 
thereto; (iv) an annual operating plan and budget at least 30 days prior to the 
first day of the year covered by such plan and (v) such other information as 
may be reasonably required by Investor. 
Investor shall also be entitled to customary inspection and visitation rights. 
Until a QIPO, each Eligible Shareholder will have the right, but not an 
obligation, to participate in any future sales of securities by the Company, upon 
the terms of such round of financing, and to purchase in such round up to 100% 
of the Company's securities offered in such sale. 
EFTA00589484
--- PAGE 5 ---
The holders of Preferred Shares may assign this right to their Permitted 
Transferees (as shall be defined in the Company's Articles of Association). 
Right of First Refusal 
Until a QIPO, each shareholder of the Company holding at least 3% of the 
issued and outstanding shares of the Company (calculated on an as converted 
basis) ("Eligible Shareholder") shall have a pro-rata right of first refusal with 
respect to any sale, transfer or disposition of share capital of the Company by 
any other shareholder of the Company, other than a transfer to Permitted 
Transferees ("Transfer"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing any sale, transfer or disposition of share capital 
of the Company by the Investor, shall not be subject to such right of first 
refusal of the other shareholders. 
Tag Along Right 
Registration Rights 
Until a QIPO, the Investor shall have the right, with respect to any Transfer, to 
sell, up to all of its shareholdings in the Company, prior and in preference to 
any other shareholder in the Company; on the same general terms and 
conditions proposed under such Transfer ("Preferred Tag Along Right") . 
This Preferred Tag Along right shall not apply to, and shall terminate upon 
QIPO . Without derogating from the above, no Tag Along rights will apply 
with respect to Founder's Permitted Transfer (as defined below). . 
Thereafter, any shares remaining under a Transfer following the exercising of 
the Preferred Tag Along Right, if any, shall be subject to a pro rata right of 
each Eligible Shareholder, to participate in such Transfer on the same general 
terms and conditions proposed thereunder. 
No Tag Along and/or right of first refusal will apply on the transfer of shares as 
part of a repurchase mechanism. 
I lolders of a majority of the Registrable Shares (as defined below) shall have 
the right, to two "demand(s)" registration of their shares in the Company, at the 
Company's expense (excluding underwriters commissions and discounts), 
provided however that the Company shall not be obligated to effect more than 
two (2) registrations under these demand right provisions, and shall not be 
obligated to effect a registration (i) during the one hundred eighty (180) day 
period commencing with the date of the Company's initial public offering, or 
(ii) if it delivers notice to the holders of the Registrable Shares within thirty 
(30) days of any registration request of its intent to file a registration statement 
for such initial public offering within 90 days. All Shareholders of the 
Company shall be entitled to unlimited "piggyback" registration rights and one 
F-3 registration per a calendar year, to be initiated by Holders of a majority of 
the Registrable Shares (provided the aggregate offering price in such F-3 
registration is at least USS 1,000,000) at the Company's expense (excluding 
underwriters commissions and discounts). In the case of underwriter cut-backs, 
the shares of the Investor shall have priority over all other shares in the 
Company to be included in any offering in a ratio of 3:1 (1 ordinary share for 
every 3 Registrable Shares). All shareholders agree to a 180-day lock-up after 
the IPO and 90 day lock up after subsequent offerings of the Company. 
Registration rights will be freely assignable in connection with any transfer of 
Registrable Shares. For the purposes of this section, "Registrable Shares" shall 
mean the Preferred Shares of the Company and any Ordinary Shares issued 
upon conversion of the Preferred Shares. Any future registration rights granted 
by the Company which are superior to those granted to the holders of Preferred 
Shares will be subject to the approval of the majority of the holders of the 
EFTA00589485
--- PAGE 6 ---
Restrictions on Sale: 
Preferred Shares. 
Until the earlier of a QIPO, a Liquidation Event or the lapse of four (4) years as 
of the Closing, the Founders shall not be entitled to sell, directly or indirectly, 
any of their shares in the Company, subject to standard exceptions for transfers 
to Permitted Transferees provided however that as of the second anniversary of 
the Closing each Founder shall be entitled to transfer, subject to the aforesaid 
right of first refusal, shares of such Founder until such Founder has received 
from such transfer an aggregate gross sale proceeds equal to US$ 300,000 per 
year but in no event more than ten percent (10%) of each such Founder's 
holding ("Founder's Permitted Transfer"). 
Founders 
Each Founder will enter into a non-competition and non-solicitation agreement, 
L ndertakings 
and an employment agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to the Investor, 
and shall agree to devote his entire business time and attention to the Company 
and to not undertake additional activities without the consent of the Investor. A 
breach of any of the foregoing restrictive covenants or undertakings by a 
Founder shall result in immediate dismissal for cause of such Founder. 
Employee Vesting 
Documentation and 
Warranties 
65% of the shares of the Founders ("Restricted Shares") will be subject to 
"reverse vesting" mechanism over a period of 24-30 monthsisame-as-Berak-}, 
on that Founder's continued employment with the Company. Any unvested 
shares will immediately vest upon an event of QIPO and/or Change of Control 
and in case that the engagement of such Founder with the Company is 
terminated by the Company not for cause and/or by such Founder for 'good 
reason' 
Detailed definitive agreements among the Investor, the Founders and the 
Company shall be drafted by counsel to the Investor and shall include 
customary covenants, negative covenants, representations and warranties of the 
Company and the Founders reflecting the provisions set forth herein, other 
provisions customary in venture capital transactions and any other provisions 
agreed to by the Investor, Founders and the Company ("Definitive 
Agreements"). 
Expenses 
The Company shall bear its own fees and expenses and shall pay at the Closing 
all legal fees and expenses of the Investor, incurred with respect to the 
transaction contemplated hereby up to the amount of -1430,000 USD plus VAT. 
Exclusivity 
For a period of 30 business days following the execution of this letter, neither 
the Company or the Founders nor any agent, directly or indirectly, will solicit, 
consider, negotiate or otherwise discuss a possible merger, sale or other 
disposition of all or any part of the shares or assets of the Company or an 
investment in its share capital with any other party. Also, during said 30 
business day period the Company will not issue any securities of the Company 
nor will it permit a transfer of any securities of the Company. 
Said period will automatically be extended by an additional 15 days if the 
parties are still negotiating the definitive agreements at the conclusion of said 
business day period and may be further extended upon the agreement of the 
Company, the Founders and the Investor. 
Confidentiality 
The Company and Founders agree to treat this letter confidentially and will not 
distribute or disclose its existence or contents outside the Company without the 
consent of the Investor, except as required to its relevant shareholders, if any 
and professional advisors. 
EFTA00589486
--- PAGE 7 ---
Ordinary Course 
Until the Closing, the Company will conduct its business solely in the ordinary 
course of business and, among other things, will not declare or make any 
distribution to shareholders, enter into any related party transaction or sell its 
assets (other than the Company's products sold in the ordinary course of 
business). 
Non-binding Effect 
This letter is not intended to be legally binding, and prepared for discussion 
purposes only, as a statement of the Investor's present intent, with the exception 
of this 
paragraph 
and 
the 
paragraphs 
entitled 
`Exclusivity' 
and 
'Confidentiality', which are binding upon the parties hereto and shall be 
governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel. 
Acknowledged and agreed: 
IINYESTORI 
By: 
Print Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
Reporty Homeland Security Ltd. 
By: 
Print Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
Mr. Amir Elichai 
Date: 
Alexander Dizengoff 
Date: 
Yoni Yitzon 
Date-
Lital Leshaem 
Date: 
EFTA00589487

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589488.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589488.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 5/3/13 
MEMORANDUM OF TERMS 
FOR 
PRIVATE PLACEMENT 
OF 
SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK 
OF 
ADFIN SOLUTIONS, INC. 
The intent of this document is to describe, for negotiation purposes only, some key terms 
of the proposed agreement between [ 
] (the "Investor") and AdFin 
Solutions, Inc. (the "Company"). This document is not intended to be a binding agreement 
between the Investor and the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof, except for the 
paragraph captioned "Confidentiality" immediately below. A binding agreement will not occur 
unless and until all necessary Investor and Company approvals have been obtained and the 
parties have negotiated, approved, executed and delivered the appropriate definitive agreements. 
Confidentiality 
The terms and conditions described in this Memorandum of Terms including its existence 
shall be confidential information and shall not be disclosed to any third party, other than the 
existing stockholders of the Company. All non-public information regarding the Company 
(whether technical or otherwise) made available or disclosed by the Company to Investor or its 
agents shall be deemed "Confidential Information" hereunder. Investor shall not, without the 
prior written consent of the Company, disclose to any third party or use any Confidential 
Information for any purpose other than evaluating or consummating the investment contemplated 
hereunder. 
Terms of Series B Financing 
Pre-Money Valuation 
$25,000,000 on a fully-diluted basis. 
Amount of Financing: 
$10,000,000 
Security: 
Series B Preferred Stock ("Series B Preferred"). 
Closing: 
J, 2013 
Use of Proceeds: 
General working capital 
EFTA00589488
--- PAGE 2 ---
Dividend Rights: 
Rights, Privileges and Preferences of Series A Preferred 
The Series B Preferred shall be entitled to an annual per share 
dividend equal to 8% of the Purchase Price, payable whenever 
funds are legally available and when, as and if declared by the 
Board of Directors (the "Board"). The dividends shall not be 
cumulative. The Series B dividend payments shall be on a pan 
passu basis with the Company's Series A Preferred Stock (the 
"Series A Preferred" and together with the Series B Preferred, 
the "Preferred Stock"). After payment of the preferential 
dividend to the holders of the Preferred Stock, any further 
dividends shall be paid pro rata to the holders of the Common 
Stock and Preferred Stock on an as-converted basis. The terms 
of the Series A Preferred shall be modified to change the 
cumulative dividend accruing on the Series A Preferred to a non-
cumulative dividend. 
WEST\ 240991850.1 
EFTA00589489
--- PAGE 3 ---
Liquidation Preference: 
Conversion Rights: 
Automatic Conversion: 
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the 
Company, the holders of the Series B Preferred shall be entitled 
to receive, on a pari passu basis with the holders of the Series A 
Preferred and prior to any distribution to the holders of the 
Common Stock, an amount equal to lx the per share purchase 
price of the Series B Preferred (the "Purchase Price") plus all 
declared but unpaid dividends thereon. After the full preference 
amount on all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock has been 
paid, any remaining funds and assets of the Company legally 
available for distribution to stockholders shall be distributed pro 
rata among the holders of the Common Stock. If the Company 
has insufficient assets to permit payment of the preference 
amount in full to all holders of Preferred Stock, then the assets of 
the Company shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the 
Preferred Stock in proportion to the preference amount each 
such holder would otherwise be entitled to receive. 
A merger or consolidation of the Company in which its 
stockholders do not retain a majority of the voting power in the 
surviving corporation, or the sale of all or substantially all the 
Company's assets, shall each be deemed to be a liquidation, 
dissolution or winding up of the Company (such transaction, a 
"Deemed Liquidation Event"). 
The holders of the Series B Preferred shall have the right to 
convert their Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock at 
any time. The total number of shares of Common Stock into 
which the Series B Preferred may be converted initially will be 
1-1. 
The conversion price will be subject to adjustment to 
reflect stock dividends, stock splits and similar events and as 
provided in "Antidilution Provisions" below. 
The Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into 
Common Stock, at the then applicable conversion rate, (i) 
immediately prior to the closing of, and conditioned upon the 
closing of, the first underwritten public offering of shares of 
Common Stock of the Company with gross proceeds to the 
Company in excess of $15 million (the "Qualified Public 
Offering"), or (ii) on the date specified by the holders of at least 
[a majority]' of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. 
I Required Preferred Stockholder Majority to be finally determined after confirming participation in the 
Series B Round. 
WEST\ 240991850.1 
EFTA00589490
--- PAGE 4 ---
Antidilution Provisions: 
Redemption Rights: 
Voting Rights: 
Board Representation: 
The conversion price of the Series B Preferred shall be subject to 
adjustment on a broad-based weighted average basis for 
issuances at a purchase price less than the then-effective 
conversion price with customary carve-outs, as currently set 
forth in the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, on a basis 
consistent with the Series A Preferred. 
Unless prohibited by Delaware law governing distributions 
to stockholders, the Series B Preferred shall be redeemable 
at the option of holders of at a majority of the Series B 
Preferred commencing any time after 12/31/192 at a price 
equal to the Purchase Price plus all declared but unpaid 
dividends. The redemption of the Series B Preferred shall be 
made on a pari passu basis with the Series A Preferred. 
Each share of Series B Preferred shall carry a number of votes 
equal to the number of shares of Common Stock then issuable 
upon its conversion into Common Stock. The Series B Preferred 
shall generally vote together with the Common Stock and not as 
a separate series or class, except as provided by law or as 
provided in "Protective Provisions" below. 
The size of the Board will be expanded from 5 to 6. For as long 
as Investor is a holder of Series B Preferred, Investor shall be 
entitled to appoint one representative to the Board. Investor 
shall become a member of the Board upon the initial closing and 
shall enter into the Company's standard form indemnification 
agreement. 
This is the same date as the Series A Preferred is first redeemable 
WESTV40991850.1 
EFTA00589491
--- PAGE 5 ---
Protective Provisions: 
Consent of the holders of at least [a majority]' of the outstanding 
Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on an as-
converted basis shall be required for: 
(i) any amendment or waiver of the Company's Certificate of 
Incorporation or Bylaws adverse to the Preferred Stock; (ii) any 
increase or decrease in the number of authorized shares of the 
Company; (iii) any action that authorizes, creates or issues 
shares of any class of stock having preferences superior to or on 
parity with the Preferred Stock; (iv) any action that reclassifies 
any outstanding shares of Preferred Stock; (v) any dissolution, 
liquidation or winding-up of the Company or any Deemed 
Liquidation Event; (vi) any purchase or redemption or paying 
any dividend on any capital stock prior to the Preferred Stock, 
other than stock repurchased from former employees or 
consultants in connection with the cessation of their 
employment/services, at the lower of fair market value or cost; 
(vii) creating or authorizing the creation of any debt security 
(other than trade payables in the ordinary course of business) if 
the 
Company's 
aggregate 
indebtedness 
would 
exceed 
$1,000„000; (viii) guaranteeing any indebtedness of a third party 
except for trade accounts of the Company or any subsidiary 
entered into in the ordinary course of business; (ix) making any 
loan or advance to any person except advances to employees and 
similar expenditures in the ordinary course of business or as 
approved by the Board; (x) increasing or decreasing the size of 
the Board; or (xi) any agreement to do any of the foregoing. 
The Series A Preferred's existing series protective provisions 
will be eliminated. 
Stock Purchase Agreement: The purchase of shares of Series B Preferred shall be made 
pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement reasonably acceptable 
to the Company and the Investor, which agreement shall contain, 
among other things, customary representations and warranties of 
the Company and the Investors, covenants of the Company 
reflecting the provisions set forth herein, and appropriate 
conditions of closing, and will be substantially similar to the 
Company's Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement. 
Requisite majorityTBD 
WEST\ 240991850.1 
EFTA00589492
--- PAGE 6 ---
Terms of Investors' Rights 
Agreement: 
Drag Along: 
Closing Conditions: 
Expenses: 
The Company, the holders of the Series A Preferred, the holders 
of the Series B Preferred, and Jonathan Leitersdorf (the 
"Founder") in his capacity as a common stock holder shall enter 
into an Amended and Restated Investors' Rights Agreement 
which shall contain, among other things, customary registration 
rights, financial information and inspection rights, a right of first 
offer to maintain pro rata ownership in future financings (subject 
to customary carve-outs), and a customary 180-day post-IPO 
lock up, all substantially in the form of the Company's current 
Investors' Rights Agreement. 
Holders of Preferred Stock and the Founder and all current and 
future holders of greater than 1% of Common Stock (assuming 
conversion of Preferred Stock and whether then held or subject 
to the exercise of options) shall be required to vote their shares 
in favor of a Deemed Liquidation Event which is approved by 
the Board, the requisite majority of the holders of Preferred 
Stock and a majority of the holders of the Company's capital 
stock. 
Standard conditions to Closing, which shall include, among 
other things, satisfactory completion of financial and legal due 
diligence, qualification of the shares under applicable Blue Sky 
laws, and the filing of a Certificate of Incorporation establishing 
the rights and preferences of the Series B Preferred. 
Contingent upon the Closing, the Company will reimburse 
Investor for all reasonable legal fees and expenses (not to exceed 
$15,000) incurred by it related to the transactions contemplated 
hereby. 
WEST\ 240991850.1 
EFTA00589493
--- PAGE 7 ---
DRAFT 5/3/13 
INVESTOR: 
COMPANY: 
I 
I 
ADFIN SOLUTIONS, INC. 
By: 
By: 
Name: 
Name: 
Title: 
Title: 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO THE ADFIN SOLUTIONS, INC. 
SERIES B TERM SHEET 
EFTA00589494

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589495.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey Epstein Wordpress Blog 3 FREEMAN 11-15-2012 
Jeffrey Epstein: Philanthropic Efforts 
Money manager and philanthropist Jeffrey Epstein has provided significant support for a wide range of 
projects for over a decade. While Epstein's initial focus was on scientific research projects and scientific 
educational programs, he has since expanded his focus to humanitarian efforts of all kinds. Today, 
Epstein's Foundation, the Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation, provides support to several organizations that 
are working for the greater good. 
The Humane Society 
One project Epstein recently provided support to was te-build-a new campus for the Humane Society of 
St. Thomas, on the US Virgin Islands. The Humane Society is an international organization that fights 
against the abuse and neglect of pets and animals. The Society was first founded on St. Thomas buck in 
1957. 
The Humane Society's new campus is a state-of-the-art, 15,000 square foot facility that sits on 4.7 acres 
of land. The land was donated by Lockhart Realty to the non-profit organization. The new facility offers 
kenneling and an interactive experience for animals who stay there. The campus features walking trails 
and outdoor parks. An education center is another critical part of the new campus. The education center 
will provide classes and pet training for new pet owners. 
One of The-goal-GP the Humane Society's goals *we is to increase adoption rates. It also hopes to raise 
awareness in the community of the plight of abandoned or mistreated pets. The Humane Society hopes 
that its stronger presence can help reverse some sobering statistics about animals. The Society has had to 
euthanize a high percentage of around4-5-percent-ecanimals that come through its doors because it has 
not been able to find people to adopt them and because the number of stray animals in St. Thomas alone 
is incredibly high. 
Epstein also provides support to the largest Catholic charitable organization on the Virgin Islands, the 
Catholic Charities of the US Virgin Islands. CCVI has been providing shelter, food and clothing to the 
homeless and needy since the mid-1960s. In 2011 alone, the organization provided 44,000 hot meals and 
fed over 200 people each day. In addition to providing shelter to the homeless, the charity also provides 
life skills training to help people improve their lives. 
Another area that Catholic Charities focuses on is youth education, notes Jeffrey Epstein. The 
organization provides both academic learning opportunities and sports camps for disadvantaged children. 
The Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation has provided support to organizations across the US Virgin Islands 
and is happy to support CCVI. 
EFTA00589495

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589496.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589496.pdf
----------------------------------------
OM Hoch 
Proposal 
To: Gary Kerney 
From: Kirk Smith 
CC: Tom Hoch 
Date: 1/21/11 
Banquettes, Cabinets, Drawers 
Qty. 
Description 
Lot 
New Banquettes. All seats will have softer foam cushioning. 
Includes new extended light trough at walls behind banquettes. 
(Upholsterers Labor & Materials) 
$4,000.00 
( White Fabric) 
$1,072.00 
( Blue Fabric) 
$ 220.00 
( Frames- Labor & Material) 
$2,000.00 
Ea. New White Lacquer Cabinets behind Banquettes. Will have 
$2,000.00 
Plastic Laminate tops. Formica Dover White 7197-58 Matte. 
Ea. New Drawer Boxes built for concealed drawer guides. 
$1,500.00 
Ea 
New drawer guides to be -Blumotion" as in sample 
$ 600.00 
Lot 
Plywood Crating for Banquettes, Cabinets, Drawer Boxes, etc. 
$1.500.00 
Everything necessary to protect items. 
Freight from Okla. City to Tropical Shipping, Miami 
$1,500.00 
Installation : 
Flight 
$1,000.00 
Room 
$ 800.00 
Labor 
$1,000.00 
State Sales Taxes are Excluded 
$000.00 
Deposit 
<$8,596.00> 
Balance after completion 
48.596.00> 
Total 
$17,192.00 
Terms: 50% Deposit, Net after completion. 
Lead Time: As quick as we possibly can. 3-4 Weeks approx. 
Approved 
 Date 
EFTA00589496
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00589497

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589498.pdf
----------------------------------------
October 15, 2016 
Dr. Helen Fisher, Biological Anthropologist 
Rutgers University / The Kinsey Institute 
Author of: WHY HIM? WHY HER? And ANATOMY OF LOVE (2016) 
Fisher, HE (2012) "WE HAVE CHEMISTRY!" The Role of Four Primary Temperament 
Dimensions in Mate Choice and Partner Compatibility. Geoff Warburton, Ed. The 
Psychotherapist, Autumn 2012:Issue 52: 8-9. United Kingdom. 
"WE HAVE CHEMISTRY!" 
The Role of Four Primary Temperament Dimensions in Mate Choice 
and Partner Compatibility 
Passionate love; obsessive love; being in love: whatever you wish to call it, romantic love a cross-
cultural phenomenon. Love songs, poems, novels, plays, movies, operas, ballets, myths, legends: the 
world is littered with the artifacts of this human passion. It begins as the lover starts to regard another as 
special, unique. Engulfed in energy and ecstasy, the lover plunges into despair at the slightest adversity. 
Physical separation or social barriers heighten their romantic passion, what I call "frustration attraction." 
Many are willing to change their habits or beliefs, even die for this "special" other. The besotted thinks 
obsessively about him or her, known as "intrusive thinking;" and they crave emotional union with the 
beloved. Indeed, this passion arises from primitive brain pathways for wanting (Fisher et al 2005; Fisher 
et al 2010). It is a drive—a drive to pursue life's greatest prize: a mating partner (Fisher 2004). 
And at the core of human romantic love is a profound preference for a particular individual; no one 
else will do. 
Psychological and social forces driving mate choice 
EFTA00589498
--- PAGE 2 ---
Many social, economic, psychological and biological forces contribute to mate preference. We tend to 
gravitate to someone with the same socio-economic and ethnic background, with a similar level of 
education, intelligence and physical attractiveness; a partner who shares our religious and social values; 
and someone who can provide the lifestyle we seek. Timing and proximity contribute. And some 
psychologists believe we gravitate to someone similar to the parent with whom we have unresolved 
issues; who can provide the type of attachment we had with mother; or a mate who reflects the values and 
interests of our childhood friends (See Pfaff and Fisher 2012). But academics don't agree on the role of 
personality in mate choice. Some report we are attracted to those with similar personality traits; others 
conclude that opposites attract; still others maintain neither play a role. So I approached mate choice 
from a different perspective: biology. 
Four primary, temperament dimensions 
Personality is composed of two basic types of traits: those an individual acquires through experience, 
traits of character; and those with biological underpinnings, traits of temperament. Traits of 
temperament are heritable, relatively stable across the life course and linked to specific genes, hormones 
and/or neurotransmitter systems; indeed some 50 percent of who we are stems from our biology. So I 
culled from the academic literature those personality traits currently linked with any physiological 
foundations. Then I designed a questionnaire to measure one's expression of these traits; and put this 
questionnaire on an Internet dating site. Last, in a sample of 28,000 men and women on this dating site, I 
watched who chose whom to date. 
Only four neural systems are regularly associated with a constellation of personality traits (see Fisher 
2009; Fisher et al 2010; Fisher 2012). Variations in the dopamine system have been linked with novelty, 
experience and adventure seeking, susceptibility to boredom, impulsivity, energy and enthusiasm. 
People expressive of certain genes in the dopamine system tend to lack introspection; they look out not 
EFTA00589499
--- PAGE 3 ---
in. These men and women are also often intellectually curious, mentally flexible and creative. So I 
called this style of thinking and behaving, "curious/energetic," and dubbed them Explorers. 
The suite of traits associated with specific activities and genes in the serotonin system include 
sociability, caution (harm avoidance), less anxiety and more close friends. Elevated activity in the 
serotonin systems is also linked with observing social norms, following the rules, respecting authority, 
orderliness, adherence to plans, methods and habits, self control, precision, interest in details, 
conscientiousness, figural and numeric creativity, and religiosity. So I designated this trait constellation 
the "Cautious/Social Norm Compliant" temperament dimension, and dubbed those particularly 
expressive of this suite of traits, Builders. 
Prenatal endogenous testosterone priming is linked with enhanced visual-spatial perception and a 
keen understanding of "rule based systems," from mechanics, to computers, math, engineering or music. 
Those expressive of testosterone regularly exhibit acute attention to details and have deep but narrow 
interests. They also tend to be less socially aware, with poorer emotion recognition, less eye contact, less 
verbal fluency, reduced empathy and extreme sensitivity to rank. Yet they are often self-confident, 
forthright, assertiveness and emotionally contained, although they also experience more emotional 
flooding, particularly rage. I designated this trait constellation the "AnalyticaUTough-minded" 
temperament dimension, and dubbed those particularly expressive of this trait constellation, Directors. 
Prenatal endogenous estrogen priming is associated with contextual, holistic and long-term thinking, 
as well as linguistic skills, agreeableness, cooperation, theory of mind (intuition), empathy and nurturing. 
Traits associated with estrogen activities also include generosity and trust, the drive to make social 
attachments, heightened memory for emotional experiences, keen imagination and mental flexibility. 
Oxytocin, closely related to estrogen, is also associated with several prosocial traits, including trust, 
reading emotions in others and theory of mind. So I designated this trait constellation the 
EFTA00589500
--- PAGE 4 ---
"Prosocial/Empathetic" temperament dimension, and dubbed those predominantly expressive of this suite 
of trait, Negotiators. 
The questionnaire 
My final questionnaire consisted of 56 statements. Data were collected using the US Internet dating 
site, =.=, 
a division of 
until reliability was obtained in a United States sample of 
39,913 anonymous men and women; I then used eigen analysis on an additional set of 100,000 men and 
women. All individuals expressed all four temperament dimensions; yet individuals varied in the degree 
to which they expressed each. 
Then in a random sample of 28,128 heterosexual anonymous adults on the same dating website, I 
watched who chose whom to date. And because men and women often make up their minds about 
whether an individual is an appropriate long term partner within the first few minutes of meeting him or 
her (Sunnafrank & Ramirez, 2004), I felt an investigation of initial attraction was an appropriate focus for 
understanding a core aspect of mate choice, it's beginning. 
Mate choice 
Men and women who were primarily novelty-seeking, energetic, curious and creative were statistically 
significantly more drawn to those who shared these traits, while those who were primarily conventional, 
cautious and rule following were also drawn to individuals like themselves. But those who were more 
analytical, tough minded, direct, and decisive were disproportionately attracted to their opposite, those 
who are imaginative, intuitive, compassionate and socially skilled; and vice versa. In short, Explorers 
preferentially sought Explorers; Builders sought other Builders; and Directors and Negotiators were 
drawn to one another. 
Why does similarity attract in some cases while opposites attract in others? Perhaps these human 
appetites are primordial reproductive mechanisms that evolved to insure the survival of the young. Take 
a partnership between a Director and a Negotiator 
EFTA00589501
--- PAGE 5 ---
Director and Negotiator Match 
These are very different styles of thinking and behaving; yet the Director and Negotiator have 
important things in common. Foremost, their thinking meshes. Both dislike wasting time on irrelevant 
or superficial conversations; and both like to discuss abstract concepts and generate theories. Yet the 
Negotiator sees the big picture, while the Directors is likely to focus on smaller pieces of the puzzle; so 
both can impress. They are also likely to make decisions well together. The Negotiator will see all the 
angles, while the Director will be decisive. Moreover, the Director needs the Negotiator's empathy, 
verbal acuity and people skills; while the Negotiator can marvel at the Director's candor, their goal 
oriented focus, and their gift of knowing their own mind. 
Problems can emerge, however. Directors strive for efficiency and logic, a trait that can disappoint 
the expressive, tenderhearted Negotiator. Directors don't like redundancy either; they are not likely to 
say "I love you" regularly, or respond to other loving rituals the Negotiator needs to feel connected. 
Moreover, Directors admire self-control; so if the Negotiator becomes a drama queen (or king), the 
Director may retreat into hostile silence. The Director can also become impatient with the Negotiator's 
intuitive side, regarding it as airy nonsense. Meanwhile, the Negotiator may find the Director's 
insistence on tough-minded logic irritating, particularly if it tramples on someone's feelings. 
But when the Director and Negotiator pool their complimentary traits, they are likely to an effective 
team for raising young. 
Builder and Builder Match 
If Directors and Negotiators are pooling different resources to rear their young, Builders appear to 
capitalize on many shared strengths. Builders tend to be calm, precise, managerial and social; both like 
building community ties. And because Builders are modest, civic-minded and often popular, two 
Builders can create a wide, stable, social network. Nor are these men and women impulsive with their 
money, actions or feelings; security is important to both. Moreover, Builders are traditional. Duty, 
EFTA00589502
--- PAGE 6 ---
loyalty, patience, persistence and service are their strong suits; so both are likely to be devoted to 
domestic stability, overlooking their differences to make the marriage last. 
But Builders can be moralistic: both are likely to believe there is a "right" thing to do and a "right" 
way of doing it. And both can be critical. So Builders are likely to bicker over trivial matters, such as 
how to do the dishes. And Builders refuse to compromise their standards: both can be stubborn. 
Moreover, Builders are the least sexual of the four broad styles of thinking and behaving. So Sex—and 
the emotional closeness it often brings--can take a back seat to their individual schedules. 
Nevertheless, with two Builders, humanity has evolved another stable strategy for parenting. 
Explorer and Explorer Match 
Explorers are curious. They have many interests; they love to learn; and they regularly seek novelty 
and adventure. Moreover, Explorers are likely to be impulsive, high energy, flexible, irreverent and very 
interested in sex. So two Explorers can have great fun together. They won't argue over life's little 
chores: when to take out the garbage is likely to be immaterial to both. They aren't likely to quarrel 
about money either, as most believe cash should be used to fulfill their dreams. Explorers don't follow 
schedules or prescribed ways of doing things, unless necessary; so neither will be fussy about rules 
either. Explorers are also optimists. And their positivity, flexibility and mutual irreverence enable these 
couples to keep their spirits up when life is strained. 
But two Explorers can find themselves in disastrous situations—financial or physical--because both 
are daring and impulsive. And what they gain in intellectual and/or physical adventure, they can lose in 
emotional intimacy because Explorers are wildly independent--even from a mate. Explorers aren't 
generally introspective, either. So two Explorers can leave serious family issues unresolved. Explorers 
also tend to be charismatic and flirtatious; so they can stumble into extra-marital romantic situations. 
They are prone to addiction, too. And Explorers can become restless and hanker to move on as the 
novelty wears off. Yet this restlessness may be their biological strength. I suspect this type is more 
EFTA00589503
--- PAGE 7 ---
prone to making a series of partnerships, hence producing more varied young—another viable 
reproductive strategy. 
But what happens when an Explorer falls in love with a Builder? One is reckless, the other cautious; 
one likes novelty, the other basks in the familiar. Or when two Directors tie the knot? Both are skeptical, 
competitive and have poorer people skills. Can two Negotiators ever make a decision? Both vacillate. 
And how will someone predominantly expressive of both Explorer and Builder traits cope with someone 
who is largely a Director and Negotiator? Every match will have different joys and sorrows (see Fisher 
2009). Moreover, each of us is a unique combination of these four broad biological styles of thinking 
and behaving. In fact, in my most recent study of 100,000 individuals, no two people answered these 56 
questions the same way. 
Nevertheless, each of these 100,000 men and women expressed these four broad personality 
constellations in some way: biological patterns to human personality exist. So when a couple walk into 
the therapist's office, they come not only with luggage from their childhood, but with biologically-based 
variations in whom and how they love. I believe these predispositions are worth knowing as the Couples 
Therapist embarks upon the journey into their clients' hearts. 
REFERENCES 
Fisher, HE (2012) Serial monogamy and clandestine adultery: Evolution and 
consequences of the dual human reproductive strategy, IN Applied Evolutionary 
Psychology, S. Craig Roberts, ed. Cambridge U press, pp 139-51. 
Fisher, HE, LL Brown, A Aron, G Strong, and D Mashek (2010) Reward, 
addiction, and emotion regulation systems associated with rejection in love: .1 
Neurophysiology 104:51-60 
Fisher HE, J Rich, HD Island, D Marchalik (2010) The Second to Fourth Digit 
Ratio: A Measure of Two Hormonally-based Temperament Dimensions, 
Personality and Individual Differences 49 (7):773-777. 
Fisher, HE (2009) Why Him? Why Her? New York: Henry Holt 
EFTA00589504
--- PAGE 8 ---
H. Fisher, A Aron and LL Brown (2005) Romantic Love: An fMRI study of a neural 
mechanism for mate choice. Journal of Comparative Neurology, 493:58-62. 
Fisher, HE (2004) Why We Love. New York: Henry Holt 
Pfaff, D., and HE Fisher (2012) Generalized Brain Arousal Mechanisms and 
other Biological, Environmental and Psychological Mechanisms that Contribute 
to Libido. IN Eds: A Fotopoulou, D Pfaff, MA Conway Eds. In: From the Couch 
to the Lab: Trends in Neuropsychoanalysis Cambridge U. Press, pp 77-86. 
Sunnafrank, M. & Ramirez, A. (2004). At first sight: persistent relational effects of get-
acquainted conversations. Journal of Social and Personal Relationships, 21 (3), 361-379. 
EFTA00589505

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589506.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589506.pdf
----------------------------------------
AIRCRAFT DESCRIPTION FORM 
Re 
est Date: 
Aircraft Serial # 
Make/Model 
GULFSTREAM 550 
Registration number 
VP-CHI 
Date of Mfg 
FEBRUARY 2013 
Date Entered Service 
JUNE 2013 
Maint tracking pgm 
CMP 
Current AF Hrs/ Ldgs 
Hrs: 1056:26 
Ldg: 340 
Hrs Per Month flown 
28.5 
Last A/F Inspection 
June 2016 
Smart Parts Acct # 
CoA / 1 A Inspection 
a 
l./H Engine serial # 
Model number 
Rolls Royce BR710C4-11 
MSP or JSSI or ESP 
Contract # RRCC 
Insp. Status 
June 2016 
Total Time 
1056:26 
Cycles 
340 
Next HSI 
SHSI 
Next OVH 
SMOH 
Due Items 
Avionics (list model #s of the units) 
Qty 
FLT DIR. 
Auto Pilot 
EFIS 
VHF COM 
NAV 
XPNDR 
ADF 
DME 
FMS 
GPS 
AFIS 
SATCOM 
HF COM 
SELCAL 
FFONE 
RADAR 
RAD ALT 
-TCAS I or 
TCAS II or 
TCAS II Chg7 
GWPS or 
EGWPS 
LR-NAV 
FDR 
CVR 
ELT 
Other 
PLEASE SEE BELOW 
FORM 
Trade-In Date: 
15/10/2015 
APU S/N 
HONEYWELL RE220 S/N P 747 
Hours 
1050 
Cycles 
Model # 
RE220 
Last HSI cAv 
MAY 2015 
MSP 
MSP Gold 
Contract tl 
Weights 
Gross 
91000 
BOW 
49043 
Empty 
53000 
Max Zero Fuel 
53000 
Max Take-Off 
91000 
Max Landing 
75300 
Date last weighed: 
JUNE 2013 
R/H Engine serial # 
Model number 
Rolls Royce BR710O4-11 
MSP or JSSI or ESP 
Contract # RRCC 
Insp. Status 
June 2016 
Total Time 
1056:26 
Cycles 
340 
Next HSI 
SHSI 
Next OVH 
SMOH 
Due Items 
Navigation Compliance 
RVSM 
RVSM I RNP 
8.33 COM 
YES 
FM Immunity 
YES 
MNPS 
YES 
RNPS 
YES 
RNP10 
YES 
Interior/Exterior 
Fax Floor Plan to 972-960-3853 
Date of last refurb. 
JUNE 2013 
Date of last paint 
JUNE 2013 
Fire blocked 
Yes 
X 
No 
Cabin certified for 
passengers for Take off & 
Landing 
Interior installed with STC or 337 Field Approval? 
N/A 
STC certification authority: 
EASA 
FM 
Other (explain): 
Post delivery installations STC or 337 Field Approval? 
N/A 
STC certification authority: 
EASA 
YES 
FM 
Other (explain): 
Additional Equipment (example - Airshow, Fax, Direct TV, etc) 
PLEASE SEE BELOW FORM: 
Damage History/FAA 337 
No 
"Attach a separate description including copy of 337 
or other supporting documentation 
Completed By 
(Name & Title): 
Company: 
Date: 
Contact number & 
Email address: 
PEDRO GABARRO VILA 
L.AAviation 
15/10/2015 
+971501111836 
EFTA00589506
--- PAGE 2 ---
AIRCRAFT DESCRIPTION FORM 
G550 s/n 5415 Avionics Specifications 
- Four (4) Honeywell DU-1310 Flat Panel Display Units 
- Two (2) Honeywell DC-884 Display Controllers 
- One (1) Honeywell/Kollsman Visual Guidance System (VGS) 
- Three (3) Honeywell MAU-913 Modular Avionics Units 
- One (1) Honeywell GP-500 Flight Guidance Panel 
- Three (3) Honeywell MC-850 Multifunction Control Display Units 
-Three (3) Honeywell AZ-200 Air Data Modules 
- One (1) Honeywell WU-880 Weather Radar Receiver/Transmitter Antenna 
- Two (2) Honeywell WC-884 Weather Radar Controllers 
- Three (3) Honeywell IR-500 Laserref V Micro Inertial Reference Units 
- Two (2) Honeywell MRC-855A Modular Radio Cabinets 
- Three (3) Honeywell AV-900 Audio Panels 
- One (1) Honeywell MT-860 Third Navigation/Communication Cabinet 
- Two (2) Honeywell RT-300 Radio Altimeters 
- One (1) Universal Avionics Flight Data Recorder (88 Parameters) 
- Two (2) Davtron Digital Clocks 
- One (1) L3 EBDI-4000 Radio Magnetic Indicator (Standby RMI) 
- One (1) L3 Magnetometer 
- One (1) L3 GH-3100 Standby Attitude/Airspeed/Altitude Indicator 
- One (1) L3 RT-951 Traffic Alert Collision Avoidance System (TCAS 2000) 
- Two (2) Mason Cursor Cntrol Devices 
- One (1) Miltope printer (cockpit) 
- One (1) Honeywell MCS 7000+ SATCOM 
- One (1) Chelton SATCOM antenna 
- One (1) Aircell Call Alerter switch (ACA) 
- One (1) Aircell Axxess Handset Interface (AHI-2) 
- One (1) Aircell Cabin Telecommunication Router 
- One (1) Aircell Transceiver ST-4200 
- One (1) Sensor Systems Dual Element Antenna 
- One (1) Aircell Iridium-based wired handset (cockpit) 
AVIONICS OPTIONS INSTALLED 
• 
ASC 002D — Digital Flight Data Recorder System Upgrade to 88 parameters 
• 
ASC 014A — Category II Annunciation - Activation 
• 
ASC 035A — EASA /MA Certification Basic Requirements 
• 
ASC 061B - Synthetic Vision — Primary Flight Display Installation 
• 
ASC 063B — Wing Fuel Transfer System, Mid-Wing Ejector Modification 
• ASC 065A — Runway Awareness Advisory System Installation 
• ASC 071— Micro Quick Access Recorder Installation 
• ASC 113A — Plane View Avionics Enhanced Navigation (includes CPDLC FANS 1/A, WAAS/LPV 
approaches, circling approaches, temp compensated VNAV, SRN/LRN transition, automatic 
EFTA00589507
--- PAGE 3 ---
AIRCRAFT DESCRIPTION FORM 
preview LRN/SRN, peaks display, electronic terminal charts certified paperless, RNP 0.1 / RNP 
SAAR (authorization required) 
• 
ASC 091A — Enhanced Baggage Door Seal System Installation 
• 
ASC117 - Enhanced Baggage Door Striker Plates 
• 
ASC 105 — Automatic Dependent Surveillance — Broadcast (ADS-B) Out Installation 
• 
ASC 911A— PlaneView Master Operating System Software Update 
ENTERTAINMENT AND 
ADDITIONAL FEATURES 
• 
Broadband Multi-Link System with KU-band Modem (Yonder ViaSat) 
• 
Honeywell High-Speed Data System HD-710 (with automatic switching between BBML and HD-
710) 
• 
Two (2) RJ-45 BBML Advanced Cabin Server wired connections, one (1) in the forward crew 
communications department and one (1) at the conference group 
• 
Satellite TV Honeywell AIS-2000 Multi-Region Airborne Information System 
• 
Honeywell MCS-7000+ SATCOM with one (1) analog handset with connector at conference 
grouping 
• 
Aircell Axxess II Iridium Satellite Communication System providing two (2) channels with 4 
iPhone wireless handsets with charging units and one cockpit wired handset 
• 
No. 2 60 Hz Converter 
• 
One (1) TIA 1603 coffeemaker 
• 
One (1) Aerolux Espresso machine 
• 
One (1) Sharp R-21LTF microwave oven 
• 
One (1) Enflite hi-temp conventional oven 
• 
One (1) Epson Stylus NX430multi-function wireless printer in Credenza 
• 
Gulfstream High Definition Digital Audio/Video Distribution System (AVDS) 
• 
Airshow 4000 Version 2 Passenger Flight Information System 
• 
SecuraPlane external color video camera system (3 cameras) 
• 
Galley Touch-Screen Monitor and Secondary Galley Switch Panel 
• 
Two (2) galley mounted Blu-ray players 
• 
One (1) dual iPod jack panel located in the galley 
• 
HDMI port located at No. 2 right hand seat 
• 
One (1) 19" HD widescreen Monitor at Credenza 
• 
Two (2) 24" HD widescreen LCD monitors on the forward side of the aft cabin bulkhead 
• 
One (1) 24" HD widescreen LCD monitor on the L/H forward cabin bulkhead 
• 
One (1) 19" HD widescreen LCD monitor on the R/H forward cabin bulkhead 
• 
Four (4) 28" single seats with 9" compatible LCD monitors in inboard armrests 
• 
One (1) 9 " HD compatible plug-in LCD monitor for forward communications area 
• 
Two (2) 81" divans berthing to 7 inches in aft cabin 
• 
Electrically operated pocket door between forward and aft cabin 
EFTA00589508
--- PAGE 4 ---
AIRCRAFT DESCRIPTION FORM 
• 
One (1) Jaclo bidet sprayer with in-line water heater in toilet enclosure 
• 
Hinged Baggage Shelf 
• 
One (1) High Capacity maintenance storage box with (40) lbs capacity 
• 
SecuraPlane PreFlite Aircraft Security System 
EFTA00589509

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589510.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589510.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
Plaintiff 
Case No. 15-cv-07433-RWS 
v. 
HEARING REQUESTED 
Ghislaine Maxwell, 
Defendant 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S REPLY TO PLAINTIFF'S RESPONSE TO HIS MOTION TO 
QUASH TRIAL SUBPOENA 
Mr. Epstein respectfully requests that he be permitted to be heard on his Motion to 
Quash. Far from being an "important witness," as plaintiff asserts, Jeffrey Epstein would not be a 
witness at all in any real sense even if forced to personally appear before the jury. Plaintiff has 
not provided the Court with any reason which withstands scrutiny as to why it would further the 
interests of justice for Mr. Epstein to be compelled to appear personally to assert his Fifth 
Amendment privilege. Indeed, the weakness of plaintiff's arguments provides additional 
compelling reason why Mr. Epstein's Motion to Quash Trial Subpoena should be granted. 
Moreover, the hearing held before the Court on March 9, 2017, provides added reason why the 
Court should grant Mr. Epstein's motion. 
I. NONE OF THE REASONS ADVANCED BY PLAINTIFF JUSTIFY REQUIRING 
MR. EPSTEIN TO APPEAR PERSONALLY BEFORE THE JURY. 
Plaintiff first contends that Mr. Epstein should be required to appear because live 
testimony is preferable to deposition testimony. That may be true when the witness actually has 
testimony to give regarding the matter on trial, but that is not the case here. In neither United 
States v. International Bus. Machines Corp., 90 F.R.D. 377 (S.D.N.Y. 1981), or Napier v. 
EFTA00589510
--- PAGE 2 ---
Bassard, 102 F.2d 467 (2d Cir. 1939), on which the plaintiff relies, Response at 2, did the 
witnesses at issue assert their Fifth Amendment privileges; instead, they had actual substantive 
testimony to give regarding the disputed issues in the case. There is absolutely nothing to be 
gained by either party from the jury's ability to observe Mr. Epstein's demeanor as he asserts the 
Fifth Amendment privilege, see id., and plaintiff offers no explanation for why that would be the 
case. In any event, Mr. Epstein's deposition was videotaped, and anything the jury might 
conceivably gain from observing Mr. Epstein's demeanor will be available to it through the 
playing of the deposition videotape. Where the witness intends to assert his Fifth Amendment 
privilege, as Mr. Epstein would do if forced to appear at trial, just as he did at his deposition, and 
where the Court has already ruled on the validity of that assertion, there is nothing "second best" 
about videotaped deposition testimony. See Response at 3. Mr. Epstein should not be subjected 
to the additional burden on his assertion of his fundamental constitutional right of being forced to 
appear personally simply to repeat his assertion of his Fifth Amendment privilege. 
Second, plaintiff argues that Mr. Epstein should be required to appear because defendant 
Maxwell has objected to the use of Mr. Epstein's deposition testimony, claiming that he is not an 
unavailable witness. Response at 3. This is simply a non-issue. Given Mr. Epstein's prior 
invocation of his Fifth Amendment privilege at his deposition and this Court's validation of it, 
Mr. Epstein is plainly an unavailable witness within the meaning of Fed. R. Evid. 804(a)(1): 
We start with the text of the rule. Fed. R. Evid. 804(a)(1) states that a declarant who "is 
exempted by ruling of the court on the ground of privilege from testifying concerning the 
subject matter of the declarant's statement" is unavailable. As we recently stated in 
United States v. Salerno, "[w]e have long recognized that `unavailability' includes within 
its scope those witnesses who are called to testify but refuse based on a valid assertion of 
their fifth amendment privilege against self-incrimination." 
EFTA00589511
--- PAGE 3 ---
United States v. Bahadar, 954 F.2d 821, 827 (2d Cir. 1992), quoting Salerno, 937 F.2d 797, 805 
(2d Cir. 1991). See, e.g., Davis v. Velez, 797 F.3d 192, 202-03 (2d Cir. 2015)(no abuse of 
discretion in finding witness unavailable where attorney had represented to court that client 
would assert Fifth Amendment privilege). 
Third, plaintiff argues that Mr. Epstein "contaminated" his deposition testimony through 
his initial assertion of the privilege. Response at 3-4. Leaving aside the question whether one can 
"contaminate" proceedings by quoting from opinions of the Supreme Court, see Ohio v. Reiner, 
532 U.S. 17, 21 (2001)("we have emphasized that one of the Fifth Amendment's basic functions . 
. . is to protect innocent men ... who otherwise might be ensnared by ambiguous circumstances" 
(emphasis in original; internal quotation marks omitted)), the phrase to which plaintiff objects—
relating to a "supposed" function of the Fifth Amendment privilege which the Supreme Court 
has repeatedly said is not a "supposed" function at all but rather a critically important function of 
the Fifth Amendment privilege— is but a tiny snippet of a multi-hour deposition. Plaintiff's 
claim that the insertion of this phrase into Mr. Epstein's initial invocation of his Fifth 
Amendment privilege somehow contaminated the entire deposition is as overblown as it is 
unavailing. Contrary to plaintiff's unsupported assertion, Response at 4, this snippet can easily 
be redacted if the Court deems necessary. Since it comes in the middle of Mr. Epstein's assertion 
of his Fifth Amendment privilege, the jury—in the extraordinarily unlikely event that it could 
even detect the omission—would have no reason to think that the redacted words had to do with 
anything other than Mr. Epstein's assertion of the privilege. In any event, this is a remote 
eventuality that, if it arises, can readily be dealt with through an instruction by the Court. Mr. 
EFTA00589512
--- PAGE 4 ---
Epstein should not be required to appear personally to reassert his Fifth Amendment privilege in 
language which is more to plaintiff's liking. 
Fourth, plaintiff contends that Mr. Epstein should be required to appear personally to 
answer questions regarding any photographs he produces pursuant to plaintiff's subpoena or, if 
he does not produce any, about how thoroughly he searched for them. Response at 5. The short 
answer to this argument is that Mr. Epstein has no photographs falling within the parameters of 
the subpoena description and would not, therefore, be producing any were he required to appear 
personally.' Contrary to plaintiff's argument, this Court did not rule that "questions about how 
thorough a search he conducted for the photographs" were not testimonial and therefore not 
protected by the Fifth Amendment. It ruled only that the production of the photographs at issue 
was not testimonial. See Sealed Opinion, February 2, 2017, at 18. Responses to questions 
regarding the whereabouts of photographs and where and how Mr. Epstein looked for them 
would, in fact, be testimonial (as well as being irrelevant to any issues in the case) within the 
meaning of the Fifth Amendment, as it would "require[] him to disclose the contents of his own 
mind. . . . contrary to the spirit and letter of the Fifth Amendment." Curcio v. United States, 354 
U.S. 118, 128 (1957). See, e.g., United States v. Edgerton, 734 F.2d 913, 921 (2d Cir. 1984). 
Answering questions about where nude photographs might have been in the past or about places 
where he looked for them (with the obvious implication that he must have thought them places 
where nude photographs might be found) would plainly "furnish a link in the chain of evidence 
Although plaintiff has argued elsewhere that the existence of such photographs is a 
foregone conclusion, the information on which she relied to support that proposition uniformly 
dated from 2005 and earlier, twelve and more years ago. See Plaintiff's Sealed Reply in Support 
of Motion to Compel the Production of Documents and Testimony from Jeffrey Epstein at 8-9 & 
n.4. 
EFTA00589513
--- PAGE 5 ---
needed to prosecute [him] for a federal crime." Rajah v. Mukasey, 544 F.3d 427, 441 (2d Cir. 
2008), quoting United States v. Hubbell, 530 U.S. 27, 38 (2000). See, e.g., United States v. 
Greenfield, 831 F.3d 106, 114 (2d Cir. 2016)("the Fifth Amendment privilege has been found to 
extend not only to answers that are directly incriminatory but also to those that, while not 
themselves inculpatory, would furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed to prosecute the 
claimant" (internal quotation marks omitted)). 
Fifth, plaintiff argues that Mr. Epstein should be required to appear personally so that she 
can rephrase questions with respect to which defendant Maxwell objected as to form at his 
deposition, despite having had every opportunity at this 500+ question deposition to cure 
objections by asking the objected-to questions in a different form. Ultimately, the form of the 
questions matters little, as, however they are phrased, Mr. Epstein would again assert his Fifth 
Amendment privilege. To the extent that plaintiff's concern related to the adverse inference 
issue, she has not identified a single question where the form of the question might impact the 
determination. 
Sixth, plaintiff argues that Mr. Epstein should be required to appear personally to answer 
questions regarding his relationship with Professor Dershowitz on the off chance that it might 
prove admissible and even though she has herself moved to exclude information about Prof. 
Dershowitz from the trial. Response at 6-7. The Court has already found questions about Prof. 
Dershowitz to be irrelevant, and they remain equally irrelevant now. Mr. Epstein's personal 
appearance should not be required for such patently flimsy reasons. 
Seventh, plaintiff argues that Mr. Epstein should be required to appear personally so that 
she can obtain adverse inferences against defendant Maxwell. Response at 7-8. As Mr. Epstein 
EFTA00589514
--- PAGE 6 ---
has already contended in his Motion to Quash, the adverse inference issues can be decided by the 
Court based on Mr. Epstein's deposition testimony, and nothing will be added to the inquiry by 
requiring him to assert his Fifth Amendment privilege in the presence of the jury. In support of 
this argument, plaintiff posits hypothetical circumstances which might conceivably arise at trial 
in which she might want Mr. Epstein's testimony to rebut evidence presented or objections 
raised by the defendant. These is no evidence that calling Mr. Epstein would rebut, as he would 
again assert his Fifth Amendment privilege. In any event, speculation that defendant Maxwell 
might present evidence in her case-in-chief that calling Mr. Epstein might rebut cannot justify 
requiring him to appear during plaintiff's case in chief. Nor does speculation that Ms. Maxwell 
might object to the authenticity of the "blackbook" provide a sufficient basis for requiring Mr. 
Epstein's personal appearance at trial. Absent evidence (which is nonexistent) that Mr. Epstein 
would waive his Fifth Amendment privilege and testify about matters such as the "blackbook," 
Mr. Epstein's personal appearance would not produce any relevant testimony which is not 
protected by Mr. Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege. 
Finally, plaintiff advances the argument that Mr. Epstein is somehow shirking his civic 
duty by seeking to quash the trial subpoena for his personal appearance at trial. 
The jury is not 
entitled to every man's evidence when that man has a valid Fifth Amendment privilege to 
decline to answer questions, as this Court has ruled that Mr. Epstein has. The jury will have 
everything from Mr. Epstein which it needs to fulfill its function in the form of his videotaped 
deposition. In his Motion to Quash, Mr. Epstein has set forth sound reasons why his personal 
appearance should not be compelled and why he should not be forced to appear personally to 
assert his Fifth Amendment privilege in front of the jury. Among those reasons is the inevitable 
EFTA00589515
--- PAGE 7 ---
media circus which would predictably result from his personal appearance; simple common 
sense dictates that a personal appearance by Mr. Epstein would generate considerably more 
media buzz than would the playing of his videotaped deposition. Plaintiff's demonstrably weak 
arguments in opposition to the granting of Mr. Epstein's Motion to Quash fall far short of 
providing this Court with a sound basis for requiring Mr. Epstein's personal appearance at trial. 
II. THE HEARING BEFORE THE COURT ON MARCH 9, 2017, PROVIDES 
ADDITIONAL REASONS WHY MR. EPSTEIN'S MOTION TO QUASH 
SHOULD BE GRANTED. 
The recent March 9, 2017, hearing before the Court further illustrates why the Motion to 
Quash should be allowed. First, the hearing clearly reflects Mr. Cassell's full understanding of 
the principled basis for Mr. Epstein's assertion of his Fifth Amendment privilege. Tr. 3/9/17 at 
39-40. Thus, his arguments that he wishes to call Mr. Epstein as a witness so that the jury can 
"hear what he has to say," id. at 17, or to "see which questions he invokes on, which one's he's 
unable to" decline to testify about, id. at 31, or to "hear what his answers are" (regarding a flight 
to London allegedly with the plaintiff and others), id. at 42, do not provide a valid basis for the 
denial of Mr. Epstein's Motion to Quash, as all that the jury will hear Mr. Epstein say is the 
invocation of his Fifth Amendment privilege — something they can just as easily view on a 
monitor from his video deposition. Unlike plaintiff, defendant Maxwell properly recognizes that, 
given Mr. Epstein's intention to assert his Fifth Amendment privilege if the Court decides not to 
quash the subpoena, Mr. Epstein's assertion of the privilege would "bring[] nothing" of value to 
the trial of this case. Id. at 29. 
At the same time, Mr. Cassell's impassioned labeling of Mr. Epstein as the "most important 
witness in this case after the two identified parties," and as a "non-captioned party in interest 
EFTA00589516
--- PAGE 8 ---
here," id. at 10, only reinforces Mr. Epstein's understandable belief that Mr. Cassell and Mr. 
Edwards—both of whom have repeatedly sued Mr. Epstein on behalf of others and who have, 
since this litigation commenced, brought yet another lawsuit, see Jane Doe 43 v. Epstein et aL, on 
behalf of Ms EM, 
who alleges commercial sexual activity while she was an adult—have 
interests beyond the plaintiff's case, as reflected in their over-energized (more than 50 pages of 
briefing on their now-rejected Motion to Compel Mr. Epstein's testimony despite his Fifth 
Amendment privilege, see Doc. 
, and their serial zealous attempts to call Epstein as a 
witness when this Court has quite properly held he has a testimonial Fifth Amendment privilege 
with respect to the subject matter relevant to this case (which itself has more than 750 docket 
entries), as well as in Mr. Cassell's aggressive and personalized attacks upon Mr. Epstein. Their 
efforts to expose Mr. Epstein to the inevitability of toxic media prejudice from an unnecessary 
court appearance at which he would do no more than re-assert his core constitutional rights can 
reasonably be viewed as an effort to advance Mr. Edward's personal lawsuit against Mr. Epstein, 
with its request for punitive damages, which remains pending in Florida, Tr. 3/9/17 at 57-58, and 
to further invite others to enlist his services which have resulted in the bringing of serial monetary 
damage lawsuits against Mr. Epstein for alleged conduct which allegedly occurred more than 10-
years ago. 
CONCLUSION 
For all the foregoing reasons, and for all the reasons set forth in Mr. Epstein's Motion to 
Quash, his motion should be granted. 
Respectfully submitted, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
By his attorneys, 
EFTA00589517
--- PAGE 9 ---
/s/ Jack Alan Goldberger 
Jack Alan Goldberger 
Atterbuiy, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, #1400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
(fax) 
Is/ Martin G. Weinberg 
Martin G. Weinberg 
Park Plaza, Suite 1000 
Boston. Massachusetts 02116 
(fax) 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I, Martin G. Weinberg, hereby certify that on this 
day of March, 2017, I electronically 
filed the foregoing Motion with the Clerk of the Court using the CM/ECF system, thus effecting 
service on counsel of record: 
Sigrid McCauley 
Boies, Schiller & Flexner LLP 
EFTA00589518
--- PAGE 10 ---
401 E. Las Olas Bivd., Suite 1200 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Jeffrey S. Pagliucca 
Laura A. Menninger 
Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. 
150 East Tenth Ave. 
Denver CO 80203 
Bradley James Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing. Edwards, Fistos, Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Paul G. Cassell 
S.J. Quinney College of Law At The University of Utah 
383 S. University Street 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
is/ Martin G. Weinberg 
Martin G. Weinberg 
EFTA00589519

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589520.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589520.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
May 
2013 
Leon Black 
Apollo Management 
West 57th Street, 43rd Floor 
New York, NY 10019 
Re: Financial Estate Planning and Structuring Services 
Dear Leon: 
The undersigned, Jeffrey Epstein ("Mr. Epstein"), on behalf of Southern Trust Company, Inc., 
a Virgin Islands corporation ("STC"), has agreed to collaborate with you, Leon Black ("Mr. Black"), 
regarding estate planning structuring matters in respect of Mr. Black's assets and estate (the "Estate 
Planning") and in connection therewith will provide proprietary services to Mr. Black including 
analyzing, evaluating, and structuring services relating to Mr. Black's financial estate 
("Proprietary Services"). The purpose of this letter agreement (this "Agreement") is to set forth the 
terms upon which Mr. Epstein, on behalf of STC, will provide Proprietary Services in connection with 
the Estate Planning to and for the benefit of Mr. Black. The Proprietary Services provided to Mr. Black 
hereunder may also relate to his wife, Mrs. Debra Black, and their children, as well as the respective 
heirs, issue, personal representatives, and affiliated trusts, partnerships, limited partnerships, and 
limited liability companies of, and any other entities affiliated with, any of Mr. Black, Mrs. Black or 
any of their children (collectively, "Affiliates"). 
1. 
PRIOR AGREEMENT COMPLETED. Mr. Black, STC and Epstein are parties to a 
separate and prior letter agreement dated February 13, 2013, pursuant to which STC and Epstein 
provided certain services in connection with certain Estate Planning for Mr. Black separate and apart 
from the Proprietary Services to be provided hereunder. The parties hereto agree that STC's and Mr. 
Epstein's services in connection with that prior agreement have been completed and that promptly 
after executing this Agreement, but by no later than May 
2013, Mr. Black shall pay the remaining 
Eight Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($8,500,000) of the fee payable under the prior 
agreement by wiring said payment to STC in accordance with wire transfer instructions provided by 
Mr. Epstein to Mr. Black. 
2. 
SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED. Mr. Epstein, on behalf of STC, shall provide to 
Mr. Black Proprietary Services deemed appropriate by Epstein and Mr. Black in connection with the 
Estate Planning for a term commencing on the date hereof and continuing through and including 
December 31, 2014. 
3. 
FEES AND ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATION. 
(a) 
Fee. In consideration for providing the Proprietary Services, Mr. Black shall 
pay to STC a total fee in the amount of Fifty Six Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 
($56,500,000.00) (the "Fee"). 
EFTA00589520
--- PAGE 2 ---
(b) 
Payment of Fee. 
Mr. Black shall pay STC the Fee in accordance with the 
following payment schedule: 
(i) 
Sixteen Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($16,500,000.00) on 
or before May 
, 2013; 
(ii) 
Twenty-Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000.00) on or before January 6, 
2014; and 
(iii) 
Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000.00) on or before May 29, 2014. 
(c) 
Additional Consideration. Mr. Black shall pay STC additional consideration 
for the Proprietary Services as hereinafter provided (the "Additional Consideration"). The Additional 
Consideration shall be in the form of a bonus, which shall be determined jointly, reasonably and in 
good faith by Mr. Black and Mr. Epstein, based on a joint review beginning on June 1, 2014, in 
accordance with the provisions of Schedule A attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein. 
Said determination shall be completed by no later than June 
, 2014. Payment of the Additional 
Consideration shall be made when and as provided in Schedule A hereto. 
(d) 
Mr. Black's Death. In the event of Mr. Black's death, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
No further Fee payments shall be due and payable under this 
Agreement other than any Fee payments which had become due and payable prior to Mr. Black's 
death, and Mr. Epstein and STC shall have no further obligation to provide any Proprietary Services. 
(ii) 
In the event of Mr. Black's death at any time prior to April 1, 2014, 
promptly following but in no event later than sixty (60) days after Mr. Black's death, Mr. Epstein and 
the personal representatives of Mr. Black's estate shall reasonably and in good faith jointly determine 
the amount of the Additional Consideration payable in respect of the Proprietary Services in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 3(c) hereof. In the event of Mr. Black's death at any time on 
or after April 1, 2014, such determination shall be made by Mr. Epstein and the personal 
representatives of Mr. Black's estate on the schedule and in accordance with the provisions provided in 
Section 3(c) hereof. In the event of Mr. Black's death, the Additional Consideration shall be due and 
payable by Mr. Black's estate to STC when and as provided in Schedule A hereto. 
(e) 
Mr. Epstein's Death or Conviction. 
Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in this Agreement, the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
No further Fee payments shall be due and payable under this 
Agreement other than any Fee payments which had become due and payable prior to Mr. Epstein's 
death, and STC shall have no further obligation to provide any Proprietary Services. 
(ii) 
In the event of Mr. Epstein's death at any time prior to April 1, 2014, 
promptly following but in no event later than sixty (60) days after Mr. Epstein's death, Mr. Black and 
the personal representatives of Mr. Epstein's estate shall reasonably and in good faith jointly determine 
the amount of the Additional Consideration payable by Mr. Black to STC in respect of the Proprietary 
Services in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(c) hereof. In the event of Mr. Epstein's death 
EFTA00589521
--- PAGE 3 ---
at any time on or after April I, 2014, such determination shall be made by Mr. Black and the personal 
representatives of Mr. Epstein's estate on the schedule and in accordance with the provisions provided 
in Section 3(c) hereof. In the event of Mr. Epstein's death, the Additional Consideration shall be due 
and payable by Mr. Black to STC when and as provided in Schedule A hereto. 
(iii) 
In the event of Mr. Epstein's conviction for a felony offense after the 
execution of this Agreement, this Agreement and all agreements executed pursuant to Section 3(h) 
hereof shall be terminated and no party hereto shall have any further obligation hereunder or 
thereunder. 
(f) 
Life Insurance. 
At its election, during the initial term of this Agreement and until such 
time as all Fee payments and the Additional Consideration has been paid in full, STC may obtain and 
maintain a term life insurance policy on Mr. Black's life in the amount of 
Dollars ($ 
.00) under which STC is the beneficiary thereof, and Mr. Black shall 
promptly pay, as and when due, all premiums for such life insurance. Mr. Black will reasonably 
cooperate with STC's efforts to obtain and maintain such life insurance, including, without limitation, 
by providing necessary medical and personal information to the insurer and submitting to medical tests 
and examinations required by the insurer. All such medical information and personal information 
provided and the results of all such tests and examinations shall be kept strictly confidential. 
(ii) 
At his election, during the initial term of this Agreement, Mr. Black 
may obtain and maintain a term life insurance policy on Mr. Epstein's life in the amount of 
 Dollars ($ 
.00) under which Mr. Black is the beneficiary 
thereof and may deduct from any Fee payments due and payable hereunder the cost incurred by Mr. 
Black to pay the premiums for such life insurance. Mr. Epstein will reasonably cooperate with Mr. 
Black's efforts to obtain such life insurance, including, without limitation, by providing necessary 
medical and personal information to the insurer and submitting to medical tests and examinations 
required by the insurer. All such medical information and personal information provided and the 
results of all such tests and examinations shall be kept strictly confidential. 
(g) 
Payment by Wire Transfer. 
All payments of Fees and Additional 
Consideration shall be made by wire transfer to STC's account in accordance with wire transfer 
instructions provided by Mr. Epstein (or the personal representatives of Mr. Epstein's estate) to Mr. 
Black. 
(h) 
Security for Obligations. Mr. Black's obligations under this Agreement, 
including, without limitation, his obligations to make Fee payments and Additional Consideration 
payments hereunder and including the obligations that arise hereunder after Mr. Black's death or Mr. 
Epstein's death, shall be secured by the grant to STC of a first priority, perfected security interest in, 
and lien on, certain assets of Mr. Black and/or his Affiliates to be agreed upon in good faith between 
Mr. Epstein and Mr. Black promptly after the execution of this Agreement (the "Collateral"). As soon 
as is reasonably practicable after Mr. Epstein and Mr. Black reach an agreement as to the Collateral to 
secure Mr. Black's obligations hereunder, Mr. Black (and any other necessary parties thereto affiliated 
with Mr. Black) and STC shall execute mutually acceptable security agreements, financing statements 
and other documents, and take all such further actions (including, without limitation, filing necessary 
instruments in all public offices where recording is reasonably deemed by STC to be necessary) as 
STC may reasonably determine is necessary or appropriate to effectuate and perfect the grant to 
EFTA00589522
--- PAGE 4 ---
STC of a first priority, perfected security interest in, and lien on, the Collateral. 
4. 
CONFIDENTIALITY OF MR. BLACK'S INFORMATION. 
Mr. Epstein and 
STC (for purposes of this Section 4 and Sections 5, 6, and 7 hereof, the terms "Mr. Epstein" and 
"STC" being deemed to include all employees, representatives, agents, and entities affiliated with Mr. 
Epstein and/or STC) agree that any and all information concerning Mr. Black or any Affiliates 
obtained in performing the Proprietary Services will be held in strictest confidence and will not be 
used by Mr. Epstein or STC or disclosed to any person or entity, except in the course of performing the 
Proprietary Services in furtherance of the Estate Planning. Mr. Epstein and STC further agree that 
they have been retained to assist Mr. Black's lawyers, Paul, Weiss, Rificind, Wharton & Garrison LLP 
("Paul, Weiss") and McDermott, Will, & Emery ("McDermott"), in providing legal advice to Mr. 
Black in connection with the Estate Planning. It is Mr. Black's intention and position that any work 
performed by Mr. Epstein or STC in connection with the Proprietary Services will be covered by all 
applicable evidentiary privileges, including but not limited to the attorney-client privilege and work 
product privileges. In connection with this retention, all communications between Mr. Epstein or STC, 
on the one hand, and any lawyer from Paul, Weiss or McDermott or Mr. Black, on the other hand, 
regarding the Estate Planning shall be regarded as confidential and made solely for the purpose of 
assisting Paul, Weiss and McDermott in giving legal advice to Mr. Black. In order for Mr. Epstein and 
STC to carry out their responsibilities, it may be necessary for Paul, Weiss, McDermott or Mr. Black 
to disclose to Mr. Epstein and STC privileged information and lawyers' work product, and other 
confidential information regarding Mr. Black and his Affiliates. Mr. Epstein and STC agree that, 
except as authorized by Paul, Weiss, McDermott or Mr. Black during and after the period of this 
retention, neither Mr. Epstein nor STC will disclose to any person or entity any such privileged or 
confidential information, lawyers' work product, opinions, facts, data or other confidential information 
so disclosed to Mr. Epstein or STC in connection with the Estate Planning. 
5. 
DISCLAIMER 
OF 
REPRESENTATIONS, 
WARRANTIES 
AND 
GUARANTEES. 
Mr. Black, for and on behalf of himself, and for and on behalf of his Affiliates, 
hereby acknowledges and agrees as follows: 
(a) 
Neither Mr. Epstein nor STC has any authority to, nor shall Mr. Epstein or 
STC, bind Mr. Black or any of his Affiliates, in contract or otherwise, or make any decisions or take 
any actions whatsoever on behalf of Mr. Black or any of his Affiliates under this Agreement, and 
neither Mr. Epstein nor STC is serving in any fiduciary capacity whatsoever to, for or on behalf of Mr. 
Black or any of his Affiliates. 
(b) 
The use of any and all information and materials obtained from Mr. Epstein or 
STC in connection with the Proprietary Services (which information and materials are proprietary to 
STC and the use of which is subject to the conditions, restrictions and other provisions set forth in 
Section 8 hereof) is at the sole risk of Mr. Black and his Affiliates, and each of Mr. Black and each of 
his Affiliates assumes the full risk and responsibility for any and all actions and decisions taken, or 
omitted to be taken, by or on behalf of Mr. Black or such Affiliates in connection with the Proprietary 
Services and any and all information and materials obtained from Mr. Epstein or STC in connection 
with the Proprietary Services. 
(c) 
The Services are provided without warranty of any kind, and each of Mr. 
Epstein and STC hereby expressly disclaim all representations, warranties, and guarantees with respect 
to the Proprietary Services and all information and materials provided by Mr. Epstein and STC in 
connection therewith, whether express or implied or statutory, including, but not limited to, the implied 
EFTA00589523
--- PAGE 5 ---
warranties of merchantability, of satisfactory quality, of fitness for a particular purpose and of 
accuracy. 
(d) 
Neither Mr. Epstein nor STC will under any circumstances be liable to Mr. 
Black or any of his Affiliates for any loss that Mr. Black or any of his Affiliates may incur as a result 
of any decisions or actions taken, or omitted to be taken, in connection with the Proprietary Services 
and any and all information or materials obtained in connection with the Proprietary Services, other 
than as a result of Mr. Epstein's or STC's gross negligence, willful misconduct or breach of this 
Agreement. Mr. Black agrees that the amount involved with respect to the Estate Planning, in and of 
itself, does not elevate Mr. Epstein's or STC's standard of care so that any type negligence would 
equate to gross negligence. 
(e) 
In no event shall Mr. Epstein or STC be liable for any injury, or any incidental, 
special, indirect or consequential damages whatsoever, arising out of or related to the Proprietary 
Services or the use or failure to use any information or materials provided in connection with the 
Proprietary Services, however caused, regardless of the theory of liability (contract, tort or otherwise), 
and even if Mr. Epstein or STC has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 
6. 
INDEMNIFICATION. 
(a) 
Indemnity. Mr. Black agrees to indemnify Mr. Epstein and STC and hold Mr. 
Epstein and STC harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, losses, damages, and third 
party costs, fees and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and 
disbursements, but excluding the business and operating expenses incurred by STC in performing the 
Proprietary Services) arising out of, or relating to, or connected with the Proprietary Services (except 
for any claim, liability, loss, damage, cost, fee or expense arising out of, or resulting from, any action 
or failure to act by Mr. Epstein or STC that constitutes fraud, bad faith, gross negligence, or willful 
misconduct on the part of Mr. Epstein or STC). Mr. Black agrees that the amount involved with 
respect to the Estate Planning, in and of itself, does not elevate Mr. Epstein's or STC's standard of care 
so that any type negligence would equate to gross negligence. 
(b) 
Notice of Claim for Indemnity. Mr. Epstein and/or STC, as the case may be, 
shall advise Mr. Black of any such claims, liabilities, losses, damages, costs, fees or expenses promptly 
after receipt of notice thereof, specifying, to the extent known, the facts constituting the basis therefor 
and the amount asserted to be owed with respect to the same; provided, however, that Mr. Epstein's 
and STC's right to indemnification hereunder shall not be limited by their failure to promptly advise 
Mr. Black of any such liability or claim, except to the extent that Mr. Black is materially prejudiced by 
such failure. 
(c) 
Coverage of Indemnity. The coverage of the indemnification and hold 
harmless provided for in this Section 6 includes, without limitation, claims, liabilities, losses, damages, 
and third party fees, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements) in 
connection with claims, causes of action or liabilities asserted against Mr. Epstein and/or STC by any 
of Mr. Black and/or any of his Affiliates arising out of, relating to, or connected with, the Proprietary 
Services. 
The indemnification provided in this Section 6 shall survive the death, disability or 
incompetency of Mr. Black and shall be binding upon his estate and his personal representatives. 
(d) 
Defense of Indemnified Claims. Mr. Black (or the personal representatives of 
his estate) may, at his option, assume and take over the control of the defense and settlement of any 
EFTA00589524
--- PAGE 6 ---
such liability or claim, at his sole cost and expense with counsel of his choice (subject to any 
reasonable objections to such choice of counsel asserted by Mr. Epstein and STC); provided, however, 
that Mr. Black (or the personal representatives of his estate) shall not be entitled to assume or control 
the defense of a liability or claim if the interests of Mr. Epstein and/or STC, on the one hand, and of 
Mr. Black and/or any of his Affiliates, on the other hand, with respect to such liability or claim are in 
conflict with one another and, as a result, one firm or attorney could not represent both the interests of 
Mr. Epstein and/or STC and the interests of Mr. Black and/or such Affiliates, in connection with such 
liability or claim. If Mr. Black (or the personal representatives of his estate) assumes the defense of 
such liability or claim, Mr. Epstein and STC may participate in the settlement or defense thereof, at 
their sole expense through counsel chosen by them. Mr. Black agrees that Mr. Epstein and STC shall 
have the right to be consulted in connection with Mr. Black's (or the personal representatives of his 
estate's) settlement or defense of such liability or claim. In all events, Mr. Black (or the personal 
representatives of his estate) shall control the defense and settlement of such liability or claim. Neither 
Mr. Epstein nor STC may pay, settle or compromise any liability or claim for which either or both of 
them may claim an indemnification right hereunder without Mr. Black's (or the personal 
representatives of his estate's) consent. Each of Mr. Epstein, STC and Mr. Black (or the personal 
representatives of his estate) shall act towards each other in good faith in responding to, defending 
against, settling or otherwise dealing with any such claim or liability, and reasonably cooperate with 
each other in any such defense and give each other reasonable access to all information relevant 
thereto. Any settlement of a claim or liability by Mr. Black (or the personal representatives of his 
estate) for which Mr. Epstein and/or STC have sought indemnification shall contain an unconditional 
release of such claim against Mr. Epstein and STC. 
7. 
NO INVESTMENT ADVICE. 
Mr. Black acknowledges and agrees that in 
connection with the Proprietary Services, neither Mr. Epstein nor STC is acting in any way as an 
"investment advisor" (as such term is defined in and interpreted in accordance with the provisions of 
the Investment Advisors Act of 1940, as amended, the regulations promulgated thereunder, and the 
interpretive releases issued in connection therewith) to Mr. Black or to any of the Affiliates, and 
neither Mr. Epstein nor STC is holding himself or itself out in any way whatsoever as being engaged 
in any business which directly or indirectly provides advice, recommendations, publications, writings, 
reports or analyses regarding any matter or thing which might cause either of them to be deemed an 
"investment advisor" as such term is so defined. Mr. Black further acknowledges and agrees that no 
part of the Proprietary Services constitutes or will constitute any advice, recommendations, 
publications, or writings whatsoever regarding: (a) the value of securities or the advisability of 
investing in, purchasing, or selling securities, (b) the relative advantages or disadvantages of investing 
in securities in general as compared to other investments; (c) any other matters relating to any specific 
securities or securities in general; (d) the selection of investment managers, or investment funds or 
entities; or (e) the allocation of certain percentages of assets to specific classes of securities, 
investment funds, or investment managers; or (f) any other activities or matters similar to those set 
forth in clauses (a) through (e) above. 
8. 
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. 
(a) 
Non-Exclusive License. 
In connection with the provision hereunder of 
Proprietary Services by Mr. Epstein and STC to Mr. Black and his Affiliates, Mr. Black hereby 
acknowledges that he has received and will in the future receive from Mr. Epstein and/or STC certain 
Licensed IP (as hereinafter defined). STC hereby grants to Mr. Black, and Mr. Black hereby accepts 
from STC, a royalty-free, non-exclusive, license to use, in Mr. Black's discretion, in the continental 
United States, all or any portion of the Licensed IP heretofore and hereafter delivered by Mr. Epstein 
EFTA00589525
--- PAGE 7 ---
and/or STC to Mr. Black for the limited purpose of implementing and applying any Proprietary 
Services solely, but for the purpose for which they were specifically provided by Mr. Epstein and/or 
STC and solely for the benefit of Mr. Black or the specific Affiliates for which the particular 
Proprietary Services were provided (the "Licensed Purpose"), subject to, upon, and in accordance 
with, the provisions of this Agreement (the "License"). Any and all software, copyrights, trademarks, 
trade secrets and other proprietary algorithms, formula, structures, plans, information and materials 
previously or hereafter prepared by, for, on behalf of, at the direction of, or under the supervision of 
Mr. Epstein and/or STC in connection with the provision of the Proprietary Services, shall be referred 
to in this Agreement as "Licensed IF'. Without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
Licensed IP shall include, without limitation (i) all technical data or written material in connection 
with the Proprietary Services, including all designs, plans, illustrations, specifications, flow charts, 
diagrams, manuals, memoranda, opinions, documentation, trademarks, trade names, service marks, 
patents and copyrights (if any, whether or not registered); (ii) all know-how or techniques in 
connection with the Proprietary Services; and (iii) all inventions, structures, formula, algorithms, 
discoveries, integrations, object codes, source codes, software and future modifications, enhancements 
or improvements in connection with the Proprietary Services previously or hereafter prepared by, for, 
on behalf of, at the direction of, or under the supervision of, Mr. Epstein and/or STC in connection 
with the Proprietary Services; and also shall include, without limitation, anything which is based on or 
derived from any part of anything described in clauses (i) through (iii) above. 
(b) 
Trade Secrets. Mr. Black acknowledges that: (i) all information, know-how 
and data which Mr. Black and his Affiliates acquire from Mr. Epstein and STC in connection with the 
Licensed IP (other than those which are in the public domain), are highly confidential and constitute 
trade secrets of STC within the meaning of the Uniform Trade Secrets Act (the "Trade Secrete); (ii) 
Mr. Epstein and STC have a proprietary interest in, have invested substantial amounts of money to 
develop and will continue to invest substantial amounts of money to maintain the Trade Secrets; (iii) 
Mr. Epstein and STC have implemented procedures to maintain the confidentiality of the Trade 
Secrets; (iv) Mr. Epstein's and STC's competitors would obtain unfair economic and competitive 
advantages if the Trade Secrets were divulged; (v) Mr. Epstein and STC would suffer irreparable and 
continuing injury if the Trade Secrets were disclosed; and (vi) the Trade Secrets form an integral part 
of Mr. Epstein's and STC's business. 
(c) 
Ownership of Licensed IP and Trade Secrets. Mr. Black, for and on behalf 
of himself, and for and on behalf of his Affiliates, acknowledges that STC has the exclusive 
proprietary, ownership and (except for the License) use rights in and to all the Licensed IP and all the 
Trade Secrets. 
(d) 
Certain Restrictions regarding Licensed IP and Trade Secrets. 
(i) 
Neither Mr. Black nor his Affiliates shall in any way use, copy or 
distribute any Licensed IP or Trade Secrets, or any copies thereof, in violation of any provisions of this 
Agreement, including without limitation any provisions hereof regarding permitted uses, 
confidentiality, non-disclosure or other restrictions contained herein. 
(ii) 
Mr. Black and his Affiliates shall keep all the Licensed IP free of any 
liens, claims or encumbrances of any type, and may not lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the 
Licensed IP. 
(iii) 
Mr. Black shall use the Licensed IP and the Trade Secrets solely for 
EFTA00589526
--- PAGE 8 ---
and in accordance with the Licensed Purpose. Mr. Black shall obtain STC's prior, written permission 
before using any Licensed IP and any Trade Secrets for any purpose, or for the benefit of any person, 
other than as contemplated by the Licensed Purpose. 
(iv) 
Solely in connection with the Licensed Purpose, Mr. Black and 
permitted Affiliates may make copies of Licensed IP and Trade Secrets in printed or machine-readable 
form; provided, however, that any and all copies must include any and all copyright or other 
proprietary notices contained on any original Licensed IP and Trade Secrets, and Mr. Black shall 
maintain, and provide to STC upon demand, complete and accurate records of all copies of any and all 
Licensed IP and Trade Secrets made by Mr. Black and his Affiliates. 
(v) 
Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement or except with the 
prior written permission of STC, neither Mr. Black nor any of his Affiliates shall disclose or permit 
access to, all or any part of the Licensed IP or Trade Secrets to any person or entity (a "Third Party"), 
other than those of the respective principals, trustees, directors, officers, managers, employees, 
accountants, attorneys and professional advisors of Mr. Black and his permitted Affiliates who are 
informed of the provisions of this Agreement and agree to strictly comply therewith (hereinafter 
referred to as "Permitted Recipients"), unless Mr. Black or the Affiliate seeking to so disclose or 
permit such access first discloses the identity of such Third Party to STC, receives STC's prior written 
approval of such Third Party, and causes such Third Party to execute a written acknowledgement in 
which such Third Party agrees for the benefit of Mr. Epstein and STC to strictly comply with the 
provisions contained in this Section 8. Mr. Black shall deliver to STC an executed, original version of 
each such acknowledgement within three (3) days after such Third Party executes the same. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in no event shall any of the 
Licensed IP or any of the Trade Secrets be disclosed, nor shall access to any of the Licensed IP or any 
of the Trade Secrets be permitted, to any of Mr. Black's partners, any family members of such partners 
or any entities beneficially owned or controlled by such partners, whether as Permitted Recipients or 
otherwise, as such disclosure and access are strictly prohibited under this Agreement. 
(vi) 
Neither Mr. Black nor any of his Affiliates nor any Permitted 
Recipients shall, nor shall they enable others to, copy (except as expressly permitted by this 
Agreement), modify, or create derivative works of all or any part of the Licensed IP or the Trade 
Secrets. 
(vii) 
Neither Mr. Black nor any of his Affiliates nor any Permitted 
Recipients shall exploit any Licensed IP or any Trade Secrets in any way whatsoever for any purpose 
other than the Licensed Purpose. 
(viii) Neither Mr. Black nor any of his Affiliates nor any Permitted 
Recipients shall use any Licensed IP or any Trade Secrets in violation of any applicable federal, state 
and local laws, rules and regulations. 
(ix) 
Neither Mr. Black nor any of his Affiliates nor any Permitted 
Recipients shall, directly or indirectly, claim, attack, compromise, file suit against or commit, or 
permit, assist or enable the commission of, any action which could impair any of STC's rights, title or 
interest in and to any of the Licensed IP or any of the Trade Secrets. 
(e) 
Exclusion of All other Rights. Except as expressly provided herein, neither 
Mr. Black nor any of his Affiliates nor any Permitted Recipients are granted any rights or licenses 
EFTA00589527
--- PAGE 9 ---
whatsoever in or to any of the Licensed IP or any of the Trade Secrets. Each of Mr. Epstein and STC 
hereby expressly reserves all rights and licenses not expressly granted in this Agreement. In particular 
and without limiting the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to convey to Mr. Black, 
any of his Affiliates or any Permitted Recipients legal title to any of the Licensed IP or any of the 
Trade Secrets. Subject to the provisions of Section 4 hereof, Mr. Epstein and STC hereby expressly 
reserve the right, without any notice to, or permission from, Mr. Black, to use all or any portion of the 
Licensed IP and the Trade Secrets in any manner, and/or license, assign, convey, transfer, sell or 
otherwise alienate any portion of or all of the Licensed IP or the Trade Secrets to any third party, 
subject, however, to the License granted hereby, whether or not such use by STC or such third party is 
in any way similar to the Licensed Purpose. 
(f) 
Injunctive Relief. Mr. Black, for and on behalf of Mr. Black, all of his 
Affiliates and all Permitted Recipients, acknowledges and agrees that if any of Mr. Black, any 
Affiliates and any Permitted Recipients breach any provisions contained in this Section 8, it shall cause 
damage of an irreparable and continuing nature to Mr. Epstein and STC, for which money damages 
will not provide adequate relief. Therefore, in addition to any money damages to which Mr. Epstein 
and STC may be entitled, each of Mr. Epstein and STC also is entitled to obtain injunctive relief 
(including, but not limited to, immediate entry of a temporary restraining order) from a court of 
competent jurisdiction to prohibit the continuing breach of the applicable provisions. Each of Mr. 
Epstein and STC shall have the right to obtain such relief without having to prove any damages or post 
any bond. 
(g) 
Survival. The provisions of this Section 8 shall survive any termination of all 
or any part of this Agreement or of any rights granted hereunder. 
9. 
NOTICES. 
All notices, requests, permissions or other communications which any 
party hereto may be required or desire to give to any other party hereto under this Agreement must be 
in writing and sent by (a) first class U.S. certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, with 
postage prepaid, (b) telecopy, facsimile or email (with a copy sent by first class U.S. certified or 
registered mail, return receipt requested, with postage prepaid), or (c) express mail or courier (for 
either same day or next Business Day delivery). A notice or other communication sent in compliance 
with the provisions of this Section 8 shall be deemed given and received on (x) the fifth (5th) Business 
Day following the date it is deposited in the U.S. mail, (y) the date of confirmed transmission to the 
intended recipient if sent by facsimile, telecopy or email (provided that a copy thereof is sent by mail 
the same day in the manner provided in clause (b) above), or (z) the date it is delivered to the other 
party's address if sent by express mail or courier. 
All notices, requests, permissions and other communications to Mr. Epstein and STC shall be 
addressed to: 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, U 
Facsimile No.: 
email: 
Attention: Mr. Jeffrey E. Epstein, President 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to Mr. Epstein or STC): 
EFTA00589528
--- PAGE 10 ---
to: 
Darren K. Indyke, Esq. 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Facsimile No.: 
email: 
All notices, requests, permissions and other communications to Mr. Black shall he addressed 
Apollo Management 
West 57th Street, 43ra Floor 
New York, NY 10019 
Facsimile No.: 
email: 
Attention: Mr. Leon Black 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to Mr. Black): 
Alan S. Halperin, Esq. 
Kenneth M. Schneider, Esq. 
Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP 
1285 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 
Facsimile No.: 
Email: 
Any party hereto may designate another addressee or change his or its address for notices and 
other communications hereunder by a notice given to the other parties hereto in the manner provided in 
this Section 9. 
10. 
MISCELLANEOUS. 
(a) 
Governing Law; Arbitration. This Agreement and any disputes hereunder 
shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New 
York, other than principles of law that would apply the law of another jurisdiction. Any dispute arising 
out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be submitted to a confidential arbitration in New 
York, New York, administered by Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services ("JAMS"), or its 
successor, in accordance with JAMS rules and procedures then in effect. 
(b) 
Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the 
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior 
understandings, agreements, representations and warranties by or among the parties hereto or their 
affiliates, written or oral, with respect to such subject matter, which prior understandings, agreements, 
representations and warranties are hereby canceled. 
(c) 
Amendment. 
This Agreement may not be amended, modified or 
EFTA00589529
--- PAGE 11 ---
supplemented other than in writing signed by all the parties hereto. 
(d) 
Waiver. Any waiver of any provision hereof must be in writing and shall be 
effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which such waiver is given. No 
failure on the part of any party hereto to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or 
privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial 
exercise of any right, power or privilege under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise 
thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder. 
(e) 
Binding Effect; Assignability. Mr. Black further agrees that this Agreement 
is binding on himself, individually, and his successors, assigns and personal representatives. This 
Agreement (including the rights and obligations hereunder) shall not be assignable by any party hereto 
except with the prior written consent of the other parties hereto. 
Severability. If any of the covenants, terms, conditions or provisions of this 
Agreement are held invalid for any reason, such invalidity shall not affect the other covenants, terms, 
conditions and provisions hereof which can be given effect without the invalid covenant, term, 
condition or provision, as the covenants, terms conditions and provisions of this Agreement are 
intended to be and shall be deemed severable. 
(g) 
Counterparts; Delivery. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, 
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument. This Agreement may be executed and delivered by delivery of a facsimile copy of an 
executed signature page or counterpart hereof or by e-mailing a PDF version of a signed signature 
page or counterpart hereof, and each shall have the same force and effect as the delivery of an 
originally executed signature page or counterpart hereof. 
(h) 
Costs of Litigation. In any action, arbitration or other proceeding to enforce 
the provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to receive, and the non-
prevailing parties shall pay, the prevailing party's costs and expenses of such action, arbitration or 
other proceeding, including, but not limited to, the costs of investigation and the reasonable attorneys 
fees and disbursements paid or incurred by the prevailing party in respect of such action, arbitration or 
other proceeding. The prevailing party shall be entitled to an award of such costs and expenses in 
addition to any and all other relief granted or awarded to the prevailing party in such action, arbitration 
or other proceeding. 
(i) 
Construction. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been prepared, and 
negotiations shall be deemed to have occurred in connection with such preparation, pursuant to the 
joint efforts of all of the parties to this Agreement. This Agreement therefore shall be construed 
simply and fairly and not strictly for or against any party to this Agreement. 
If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please sign, date and return one copy of this Letter 
Agreement. 
[Signatures on the next page] 
EFTA00589530
--- PAGE 12 ---
Very Truly Yours, 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
By: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Agreed to and Accepted this 
day of April, 2013: 
LEON BLACK 
EFTA00589531

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589532.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589532.pdf
----------------------------------------
DOCUMENT SUMMARY 
To: 
Leon D. Black 
From: 
Ada Clapp 
Date: 
April 12, 2013 
cc: 
Eileen Alexanderson, Jeffrey Epstein 
Re: 
Debra and Leon D. Black Insurance Trust dated September 14, 1992 
Following is a summary of the agreement (the "Trust Agreement") creating The Debra and Leon 
D. Black 1992 Insurance Trust (the "Trust") which was prepared for you by Stroock & Strook & 
Lavan. You are the Settlors of the Trust. 
I understand that the Trust holds two survivorship insurance policies on the joint lives of you and 
Debra, each with a $10 million death benefit. 
I. 
Dispositive Provisions during Your and Debra's lifetimes. 
A. 
While you and Debra are living, the Trust will be largely inactive (as I understand 
that the Trust holds no assets other than the insurance policies). Each time 
premiums are paid to the Trust, one or more trust beneficiaries have the right to 
withdraw a portion of the premium amount and those beneficiaries must receive 
notice of this withdrawal right. These procedures are described in Article 
EIGHTH of the Trust Agreement. 
B. 
While either you or Debra is living, the Trustees have broad discretion to 
distribute income and/or principal to any of your descendants. 
II. 
Dispositive Provisions after Survivor's death. Upon the death of the survivor of you and 
Debra, the Trust principal will be divided into shares per stiypes for your descendants 
(that is, in equal shares for your children with the share for any predeceased child being 
further subdivided for such child's descendants). Each such share will be held is a 
separate trust (a "Beneficiary's Trust") for the descendant for whose benefit the share was 
set apart (the "Beneficiary") and disposed of as follows: 
A. 
Until the Beneficiary attains age 25, the Trustee has broad discretion to distribute 
income from the Beneficiary's Trust to the Beneficiary. After age 25, the 
Beneficiary will receive all income at least quarterly. 
B. 
The Trustee has broad discretion to distribute principal of the Beneficiary's Trust 
to the Beneficiary for any purpose. You authorize the Trustee, if advisable, to 
distribute 1/4 of the Trust principal to the Beneficiary at age 30, another 1/3 at age 
35, another 1/2 at age 40 and the balance of the principal at age 45. 
EFTA00589532
--- PAGE 2 ---
Debra and Leon D. Black Insurance Trust 
Page 2 
C. 
The Beneficiary's Trust will terminate upon the Beneficiary's death' and be 
distributed to the Beneficiary's descendants, or if none, to the descendants of the 
Beneficiary's parent who was a child of yours, or if none, to your descendants, 
subject in each case to a Beneficiary's Trust. 
III. 
Contingent Beneficiaries. If none of your descendants is living upon the termination of 
any trust under the Trust Agreement, the principal of such trust shall be disposed of as 
follows: 
A. 
One-third thereof (or all thereof if none of Debra's brothers or their descendants is 
then living) will be distributed to your sister Judy or to her descendants if she is 
not then living. 
B. 
Two-thirds thereof (or all thereof if none of Judy or her descendants is then 
living) will be distributed in equal shares to Debra's brothers, Bruce, John, 
Richard and Anthony, with the share for any deceased brother passing to his 
descendants. 
IV. 
Trustees.
A. 
Barry J. Cohen is the initial Trustee. Barry may appoint additional and successor 
Trustees. 
B. 
No more than three Trustees of any trust shall serve at any time and any Trustee 
may resign by instrument in writing filed with the other then serving Trustees. 
C. 
Because the Trust Agreement is silent regarding compensation, your Trustees will 
be entitled to the compensation provided by New York law. 2
V. 
Governing Law. New York law governs the trusts under the Trust Agreement. 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: Pursuant to IRS Regulations. I inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including any 
attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used by any person or entity for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax related penalties 
imposed by any governmental tax authority or agency, or (ii) promoting. marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter 
discussed herein. I advise you to consult with an independent tax advisor on your particular tax circumstances. 
To comply with state law limiting the period which property can remain in trust, any Beneficiary's Trust for a 
Beneficiary who was not living on the date the Trust Agreement was signed will terminate no later than 21 
years after the death of the last survivor of your children, your sister Judy Black and Debra's brothers Bruce, 
John, Richard and Anthony Ressler. 
Under current New York law, an individual Trustee is entitled to an annual commission of approximately 30 
basis points on the value of the trust principal, plus 1% of any principal distributions made that year. 
EFTA00589533

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589534.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589534.pdf
----------------------------------------
DOCUMENT SUMMARY 
To: 
Leon D. Black 
From: 
Ada Clapp 
Date: 
April 12, 2013 
cc: 
Eileen Alexanderson, Jeffrey Epstein 
Re: 
Your Will and the Leon D. Black 1997 Revocable Trust 
Following is a summary of your Last Will and Testament (your "Will") and the agreement (the 
"Trust Agreement") creating The Leon D. Black 1997 Revocable Trust (your "Revocable Trust") 
both dated September 30, 1997. Carlyn McCaffrey and Elyse Kirschner of McDermott Will & 
Emery LLP prepared these documents for you. 
Your estate plan uses a combination Will/Revocable Trust structure to take advantage of the 
greater administrative flexibility afforded trusts created under lifetime instruments. For example, 
trusts created under lifetime instruments are generally not subject to the court supervision 
required for many actions involving trusts created under a Will, such as the appointment, 
removal and resignation of trustees, and changing the situs of a trust should that become 
advisable (for example, to reduce State income taxes). 
Funding the Revocable Trust with a portion of your assets (such as art or interests in Black 
Family Partners) during your lifetime should not result in any tax consequences or significant 
administrative burdens, with the result that: (i) at your death, the Trustees would be free to 
continue to manage and invest the trust assets without the delay of probate, and (ii) during your 
lifetime, if you were to become incapacitated, the Trustees could continue to manage and invest 
the trust assets and make distributions to Debra and your descendants. 
Your Will 
Article I. 
Family. You recite that you are married to Debra and that you have four children, 
Benjamin, Joshua, Alexander and Victoria. 
Article III. 
Debts and Expenses. You direct your Executors to pay your debts and all funeral 
and administration expenses. 
Article IV. 
Residuary Estate. The balance of your estate (your "residuary estate") held in 
your name at your death (i.e., those assets you did not transfer to your Revocable 
Trust during your lifetime) will be distributed to the Trustees of your Revocable 
Trust to be administered as part of the principal of that trust, as described below. 
Article V. 
Death Taxes. All estate taxes due with respect to property you own at your 
death, whether passing under your Will, your Revocable Trust or otherwise 
("Death Taxes") will be paid from your Revocable Trust. 
EFTA00589534
--- PAGE 2 ---
Your 1997 Will and Revocable Trust 
Page 2 
Articles 
VI-VII. 
Executors.
A. 
You appoint Debra, Barry J. Cohen, John J. Hannan and Richard Ressler 
as co-Executors. If any two of them are not acting, Anthony Ressler will 
become a co-Executor. 
B. 
Debra is not entitled to compensation. Other Executors are entitled to 
receive the lesser of $250,000 (CPI adjusted) or the commissions he or she 
would receive under New York law (excluding paying out commissions). 1
Article IX. 
Guardians. If Debra predeceases you, you appoint Richard Ressler as guardian of 
your minor children. Anthony Ressler is successor guardian to Richard and 
Bruce Ressler is successor guardian to Anthony. 
Your Revocable Trust 
I. 
Provisions During your Lifetime. 
A. 
During your lifetime, you are the sole Trustee and the Trust Agreement is fully 
revocable and amendable by you at any time. 
B. 
Should you fund your Revocable Trust during your lifetime, the Trustees are 
authorized to distribute income and principal to you or for your benefit for any 
purpose and must pay you any sums you request. 
II. 
Provisions After your death. Upon your death, the Trustees will collect the property 
passing to your Revocable Trust pursuant to your Will (as described above), add this to 
the trust principal (such property collectively the "Trust Fund") and make the following 
dispositions: 
Unless your Will directs othenvise, New York law entitles an individual Executor to commissions of $34,000 
on the first $1 million, an additional $100,000 on the next $4 million and then 2% on all amounts in excess of 
$5 million (e.g., an individual Executor of a $4 billion estate would be entitled to a full commission of roughly 
$80 million; more than two executors would split two full commissions between them). 
EFTA00589535
--- PAGE 3 ---
Your 1997 Will and Revocable Trust 
Page 3 
A. 
Debts, Expenses and Death Taxes. After your death, the Trustees will pay your 
debts, administration expenses and Death Taxes from the Trust Fund. 
B. 
Tangible Personal Property. 
1. 
Certain Works of Art/Collections. Your works of art owned in your 
individual name (rather than through Narrows Holdings) your collection 
of first edition books and your collection of canes will be held in a Marital 
Trust for Debra (described below), or if she predecease you, will be 
divided equally among your children, with each child's share subject to a 
Beneficiary's Trust, as described below. 
2. 
Balance of Your Tangibles. The balance of your tangible personal 
property (e.g., jewelry, cars, boats, etc.) will be distributed to Debra. If 
Debra predeceases you, the balance of your tangible personal property will 
be distributed equally among your children as they agree, or if they are 
able to agree, as your Trustees determine. Any items not selected by your 
children may be sold and the proceeds added to the Trust Fund. 
C. 
Residences. If Debra survives you, your residences will be distributed to Debra. 
If Debra predeceases you, your Trustees are authorized to (i) sell any residence 
and dispose of the proceeds as part of the Residuary Trust Fund or (ii) distribute 
any residence as part of the Residuary Trust Fund, as described below. 
D. 
Cash Dispositions. 
1. 
If Debra survives you, she will receive a sum equal to the difference 
between $25 million and any proceeds of life insurance she receives at 
your death. 
2. 
If your sister, Judy, survives you, $5 million will be held in a trust for her 
benefit, described below. 
3. 
If Debra predeceases you, an amount equal to your unused generation-
skipping transfer tax exemption will be divided into shares per stirpes for 
your descendants (that is, in equal shares for your children with the share 
for any predeceased child being further subdivided for such child's 
descendants) and each share will be held in a Beneficiary's Trust. 
EFTA00589536
--- PAGE 4 ---
Your 1997 Will and Revocable Trust 
Page 4 
E. 
Residuary Trust Fund. The balance of the Trust Fund (generally, all of your 
financial assets and your works of art held in Narrows Holdings), after payment of 
all legacies, bequests, your debts, the expenses of administering your estate and 
Death Taxes (your "Residuary Trust Fund"), will be distributed as follows: 
1. 
If Debra survives you, the Residuary Trust Fund will be held in the 
Marital Trust. 
2. 
If Debra renounces any portion of the Residuary Trust Fund, the 
renounced property will not pass to the Marital Trust but will instead pass 
to the "Family Trust" described below. 
3. 
If Debra predeceases you, the Residuary Trust Fund will be divided into 
shares for your descendants by representation2 and each share will be 
subject to a Beneficiary's Trust. 
Property passing by representation does not get divided by family lines starting with your children as is the 
case with a per stirpal distribution. Distribution by representation works as follows: 
Assume the Residuary Trust Fund is $2 billion. Assume also that Ben predeceased you leaving two children 
and Josh predeceased you leaving one child. The Residuary Trust Fund would be carved into four shares: 
one for Victoria, one for Alex, one for Ben and one for Josh. Victoria and Alex would each receive their I/4th 
share (so each gets $500 million). The two shares for Ben and Josh would be combined and divided equally 
among their children (so each grandchild with a predeceased parent gets I/6th of the Residuary Trust Fund or 
about $334 million). Under a per stirpal distribution, Victoria and Alex would each get their 1/46 share 
($500 million); Ben's two children would split his I/4th share (so each would receive $250 million) and 
Josh's child would receive Josh's I/4th sham ($500 million). 
EFTA00589537
--- PAGE 5 ---
Your 1997 Will and Revocable Trust 
Page 5 
F. 
Judy's Trust. Judy will receive all trust income during her lifetime. The Trustees 
must distribute trust principal for her health, education, support and maintenance 
and the Independent Trustees may distribute principal to Judy for any purpose. 
Upon Judy's death, the remaining principal will be distributed to her descendants, 
or if none, equally to Debra's brothers, Richard, Bruce, John and Anthony (or to 
the descendants of a deceased brother). 
G. 
Marital Trust. Debra will receive all trust income during her lifetime. The 
Independent Trustees may distribute principal to Debra for any purpose, provided 
that such distributions, in the aggregate, do not exceed 20% of the initial principal 
value of the Marital Trust. Upon Debra's death, the Marital Trust will terminate 
and be divided into shares for your then living descendants by representation with 
each share subject to a Beneficiary's Trust. 
H. 
Family Trust. Any property Debra renounces will be held in a "Family Trust." 
The Independent Trustees have broad discretion to distribute income and principal 
of the Family Trust to Debra and your descendants for any purpose. Upon 
Debra's death, the Family Trust will terminate and be divided into shares for your 
then living descendants by representation with each share subject to a 
Beneficiary's Trust. 
I. 
Beneficiary's Trust. Any property to be distributed to a descendant of yours (the 
"Beneficiary") subject to a Beneficiary's Trust will be disposed of as follows: 
1. 
The Independent Trustees have broad discretion to distribute income and 
principal of the Beneficiary's Trust to the Beneficiary for any purpose. 
2. 
You express your desire (but do not direct) that the Trustees distribute 
10% of the principal of the Beneficiary's Trust to the Beneficiary at age 
35. 
3. 
After age 25, the Beneficiary (i) is authorized to withdraw 3% of the 
principal of the Beneficiary's Trust each year, and (ii) has a testamentary 
power to appoint the Beneficiary's Trust to any of your descendants (other 
than the Beneficiary, his or her estate, or the creditors of either). 
4. 
The Beneficiary's Trust will terminate upon the Beneficiary's death and 
the remaining principal will be distributed as the Beneficiary appoints. 
Any unappointed property will be distributed to the Beneficiary's 
descendants, or if none, to the descendants of the Beneficiary's parent who 
was descended from you, or if none, to your descendants, subject in each 
case to a Beneficiary's Trust. 
EFTA00589538
--- PAGE 6 ---
Your 1997 Will and Revocable Trust 
Page 6 
J. 
Remote Takers. Any property not disposed of at your death or at the termination 
of any trust under your Revocable Trust will be distributed as follows: 
1. 
$50 million to your sister Judy if she is then living. 
2. 
$20 million to John Ressler if he is then living. 
3. 
$20 million equally to Ira and Dorothy Ressler, or all to the survivor if 
only one is then living. 
4. 
$10 million to each of (i) Samantha, (ii) Jillian, (iii) Andrew, (iv) Rebecca, 
(v) Matthew, (vi) Michael, (vii) Oliver, and (viii) Nickolas Ressler, who is 
then living. 
5. 
$10 million to Jonathan Levine if he is then living. 
6. 
$5 million to Marilyn Stewart if she is then living. 
7. 
The balance of the undisposed of property will be distributed to the Leon 
Black Family Foundation. You express your desire that the funds be used 
25% each for promoting: (i) medical research, (ii) Judaica, (iii) art and 
culture, and (iv) education. 
III. 
Definitions.
A. 
Family. You recite that you are married to Debra and that you have four children, 
Benjamin, Joshua, Alexander and Victoria. 
B. 
Spouse. Your "spouse" was defined in the Trust Agreement as the individual to 
whom you are married and with whom you are living at the time of the 
determination. The Trust Agreement also originally provided that if Debra ceased 
to be your spouse, she would be deemed to have predeceased you for purposes of 
the Trust Agreement and would no longer be a Trustee. The Instrument of 
Amendment you executed on December 6, 1997 removed these provisions. 
IV 
Trustees. 
A. 
If you cease to act as Trustee, Debra, Barry Cohen, John Hannan and Richard 
Ressler will become co-Trustees. 
B. 
After age 30, a child may become co-Trustee of his or her Beneficiary's Trust. 
EFTA00589539
--- PAGE 7 ---
Your 1997 Will and Revocable Trust 
Page 7 
C. 
Debra is not entitled to compensation. Other Trustees are entitled to receive the 
lesser of $250,000 (CPI adjusted) or the commissions he or she would receive 
under New York law (excluding paying out commissions). 3
V. 
Governing Law. New York law governs the trusts under the Trust Agreement. 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: Pursuant to IRS Regulations. I inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including any 
attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used by any person or entity for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax related penalties 
imposed by any governmental tax authority or agency, or (ii) promoting. marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter 
discussed herein. I advise you to consult with an independent tax advisor on your particular tax circumstances. 
Under current New York law, an individual Trustee is entitled to an annual commission of approximately 30 
basis points on the value of the trust principal (roughly $150,000 for a $50 Million trust), plus 1% of any 
principal distributions made that year. 
EFTA00589540

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589541.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589541.pdf
----------------------------------------
DOCUMENT SUMMARY 
To: 
Leon D. Black 
From: 
Ada Clapp 
Date: 
April 12, 2013 
cc: 
Eileen Alexanderson, Jeffrey Epstein 
Re: 
The Benjamin Black 2010 Trust 
Following is a summary of the agreement dated December 12, 2010 (the "Trust Agreement") 
creating the Benjamin Black 2010 Trust (the "2010 Trust"). Carlyn McCaffrey and Elyse 
Kirschner, of McDermott Will & Emery, LLP prepared the Trust Agreement. Ben is the Senior 
of the 2010 Trust. 
The 2010 Trust was funded by Ben with his right to receive payments under a promissory note 
issued to him from the Trustees of his separate under the Black 1992 Trust Agreement (which 
trust was later decanted to the BEB 2011 Trust under the Black 2011 Family Trust Agreement). 
I. 
Ben's Trust. During Ben's lifetime, the 2010 Trust will be held in a single trust for his 
benefit ("Ben's Trust"), as follows: 
A. 
The Trust Advisor has broad discretion to direct the Trustees to pay Ben the 
income and principal of Ben's Trust for any purpose. 
B. 
Ben's Trust will terminate upon his death and the remaining principal will be 
distributed as Ben appoints by Will to anyone (other than himself, his estate or the 
creditors of either). Any property Ben fails to appoint will be distributed to his 
descendants, or if none, to the descendants of his parents (you and Debra), subject 
in each case to a Beneficiary's Trust, described below. 
II. 
Trusts for Descendants. Any property of Ben's Trust payable to a descendant of Ben (or 
a descendant of his parents, as the case may be) will be held in a separate "Beneficiary's 
Trust" for the benefit of such descendant (referred to as the Beneficiary with respect to 
his or her Beneficiary's Trust") and disposed of as follows: 
A. 
The Trustees must distribute any income and principal of the Beneficiary's Trust 
that the Individual Trustees determine is needed for the Beneficiary's health, 
education, support and maintenance. 
B. 
In addition, the Independent Trustees have broad discretion to distribute income 
and principal of the Beneficiary's Trust to the Beneficiary for any purpose. 
C. 
The Independent Trustees are authorized to grant the Beneficiary the power at 
death to appoint the property of his or her Beneficiary's Trust. 
EFTA00589541
--- PAGE 2 ---
Benjamin Black 2010 Trust Agreement 
Page 2 
D. 
The Beneficiary's Trust will terminate upon the Beneficiary's death and any 
remaining principal will be distributed as the Beneficiary appoints. Any property 
the Beneficiary fails to appoint will be distributed to the Beneficiary's 
descendants, or if none, to the descendants of the Beneficiary's nearest ancestor 
who was descended from you and Debra, or if none, to your and Debra's 
descendants, subject in each case to a Beneficiary's Trust. 
III. 
Remote Takers. Any property not effectively disposed of upon the termination of any 
trust under the Trust Agreement will be distributed to Ben's intestate heirs under 
Delaware law (other than you and Debra and determined as if Ben were unmarried). 
IV. 
Trustees/Trust Advisor. 
A. 
Trustee. You are the initial Trustee. Ben is disqualified from acting as a Trustee. 
1. 
You (and after your death or disability Debra) may appoint additional and 
successor Trustees and may remove Trustees. 
2. 
After the death of the survivor of you and Debra, Ben may appoint 
additional and/or successor Trustees and may remove Trustees. 
3. 
After the death of the survivor of you, Debra and Ben, the Beneficiary if 
over age 35, may appoint additional and successor Trustees, including 
himself or herself, and may remove Trustees. The Independent Trustees 
can postpone these powers. 
B. 
Administrative Trustee. U.S. Trust Company of Delaware is the Administrative 
Trustee and has no involvement in investment or distribution decisions. 
Individual Trustees are responsible for investment decisions. 
C. 
Trust Advisor. Debra is the Trust Advisor. You (and after your death, Debra) 
may designate a successor Trust Advisor (other than you or an individual who is 
closely related to or employed by you). After the death of the survivor of you and 
Debra, Ben may designate a successor Trust Advisor. There may be only one 
Trust Advisor. 
D. 
Compensation.
1. 
U.S. Trust Company of Delaware will be compensated in accordance with 
its fee schedule. 
2. 
Additional or successor Trustees are entitled only to such compensation as 
is provided in the instrument appointing such Trustee. 
3. 
Other Trustees (including you) are not entitled to compensation for acting 
as Trustee. 
EFTA00589542
--- PAGE 3 ---
Benjamin Black 2010 Trust Agreement 
Page 3 
V. 
Tax Considerations. 
A. 
During Ben's lifetime, Ben's Trust will be a "grantor" trust as to Ben for income 
tax purposes. This means that Ben will be taxed on all income, including capital 
gains, generated in the trust. 
B. 
Because Ben retains certain powers and interests in the property transferred to the 
2010 Trust, Ben's transfer was not a completed gift for gift tax purposes (so no 
gift tax was incurred when he created the Trust) and upon his death, the value of 
the trust principal will be included in his estate for estate tax purposes. 
VI. 
Governing Law. Delaware law governs the trusts under the Trust Agreement. 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: Pursuant to IRS Regulations. I inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including any 
attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used by any person or entity for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax related penalties 
imposed by any governmental tax authority or agency. or (ii) promoting. marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter 
discussed herein. I advise you to consult with an independent tax advisor on your particular tax circumstances. 
EFTA00589543

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589544.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589544.pdf
----------------------------------------
DOCUMENT SUMMARY 
To: 
Leon D. Black 
From: 
Ada Clapp 
Date: 
April 12, 2013 
cc: 
Eileen Alexanderson, Jeffrey Epstein 
Re: 
The Joshua Max Black 2011 Trust 
Following is a summary of the agreement dated December 20, 2012 (the "Trust Agreement") 
creating the Joshua Max Black 2011Trust (the "2011 Trust"). Carlyn McCaffrey and Elyse 
Kirschner of McDermott Will & Emery, LLP prepared the Trust Agreement. Josh is the Settlor 
of the 2011 Trust. 
The 2011 Trust was funded by Josh with his right to receive payments under a promissory note 
issued to him from the Trustees of his separate trust under the Black 2011 Family Trust 
Agreement. 
I. 
Josh's Trust. During Josh's lifetime, the 2011 Trust will be held in a single trust for his 
benefit ("Josh's Trust"), as follows: 
A. 
The Trust Advisor has broad discretion to direct the Trustees to pay Josh the 
income and principal of Josh's Trust for any purpose. 
B. 
Josh's Trust will terminate upon his death and the remaining principal will be 
distributed as Josh appoints by Will to anyone (other than himself, his estate or 
the creditors of either). Any property Josh fails to appoint will be distributed to 
his descendants, or if none, to the descendants of his parents (you and Debra), 
subject in each case to a Beneficiary's Trust, described below. 
II. 
Trusts for Descendants. Any property of Josh's Trust payable to a descendant of Josh (or 
to a descendant of his parents, as the case may be) will be held in a separate 
"Beneficiary's Trust" for the benefit of such descendant (referred to as the Beneficiary 
with respect to his or her Beneficiary's Trust") and disposed of as follows: 
A. 
The Trustees must distribute any income and principal of the Beneficiary's Trust 
that the Individual Trustees determine is needed for the Beneficiary's health, 
education, support and maintenance. 
B. 
In addition, the Independent Trustees have broad discretion to distribute income 
and principal of the Beneficiary's Trust to the Beneficiary for any purpose. 
C. 
The Independent Trustees are authorized to grant the Beneficiary the power at 
death to appoint the property of his or her Beneficiary's Trust. 
EFTA00589544
--- PAGE 2 ---
Joshua Max Black 2011 Trust 
Page 2 
D. 
The Beneficiary's Trust will terminate upon the Beneficiary's death and any 
remaining principal will be distributed as the Beneficiary may appoint. Any 
property the Beneficiary fails to appoint will be distributed to the Beneficiary's 
descendants, or if none, to the descendants of the Beneficiary's nearest ancestor 
who was descended from you and Debra, or if none, to your and Debra's 
descendants, subject in each case to a Beneficiary's Trust. 
III. 
Remote Takers. Any property not effectively disposed of upon the termination of any 
trust under the Trust Agreement will be distributed to Josh's intestate heirs under 
Delaware law (other than you and Debra and determined as if Josh were unmarried). 
IV. 
Trustees/Trust Advisor. 
A. 
Trustees. You are the initial Trustee. Josh is disqualified from acting as a 
Trustee. 
1. 
You (and after your death or disability Debra) may appoint additional and 
successor Trustees and may remove Trustees. 
2. 
After the death of the survivor of you and Debra, Josh may appoint 
additional and/or successor Trustees and may remove Trustees. 
3. 
After the death of the survivor of you, Debra and Josh, the Beneficiary if 
over age 35, may appoint additional and successor Trustees, including 
himself or herself, and may remove Trustees. The Independent Trustees 
can postpone these powers. 
B. 
Administrative Trustee. U.S. Trust Company of Delaware is the Administrative 
Trustee and has no involvement in investment or distribution decisions. 
Individual Trustees are responsible for investment decisions. 
C. 
Trust Advisor. Debra is the Trust Advisor. You (and after your death, Debra) 
may designate a successor Trust Advisor (other than yourself or an individual 
who is closely related to or employed by you). After the death of the survivor of 
you and Debra, Josh may designate a successor Trust Advisor. There may be 
only one Trust Advisor. 
D. 
Compensation.
1. 
U.S. Trust Company of Delaware will be compensated in accordance with 
its fee schedule. 
2. 
Additional or successor Trustees are entitled only to such compensation as 
is provided in the instrument appointing such Trustee. 
EFTA00589545
--- PAGE 3 ---
Joshua Max Black 2011 Trust 
Page 3 
3. 
Other Trustees (including you) are not entitled to compensation for acting 
as Trustee. 
V. 
Tax Considerations. 
A. 
During Josh's lifetime, Josh's Trust will be a "grantor" trust as to Josh for income 
tax purposes. This means that Josh will be taxed on all income, including capital 
gains, generated in the trust. 
B. 
Because Josh retains certain powers and interests in the property transferred to the 
2011 Trust, Josh's transfer was not a completed gift for gift tax purposes (so no 
gift tax was incurred when he created the Trust) and upon his death, the value of 
the trust principal will be included in his estate for estate tax purposes. 
VI. 
Governing Law. Delaware law governs the trusts under the Trust Agreement. 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: Pursuant to IRS Regulations. I inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including any 
attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used by any person or entity for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax related penalties 
imposed by any governmental tax authority or agency, or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter 
discussed herein. I advise you to consult with an independent tax advisor on your particular tax circumstances. 
EFTA00589546

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589547.pdf
----------------------------------------
DOCUMENT SUMMARY 
To: 
Leon D. Black 
From: 
Ada Clapp 
Date: 
April 12, 2013 
cc: 
Eileen Alexanderson, Jeffrey Epstein 
Re: 
Yggdrasil Trust 
Following is a summary of the agreement dated December 20, 2012 (the "Trust Agreement") 
creating the Yggdrasil Trust (the "Trust"). Carlyn McCaffrey and Elyse Kirschner of 
McDermott Will & Emery, LLP prepare the Trust Agreement. Your son, Benjamin is the 
Settlor of the Trust. 
I. 
Trust During Ben's Lifetime. 
A. 
While Ben is living, the trust property will be held in a single trust for the benefit 
of Ben's descendants and Debra. The Independent Trustees have broad discretion 
to distribute income and principal to any one or more of them for any purpose. 
Any income not distributed will be accumulated in a separate income account and 
not added to principal. 
B. 
The Independent Trustees may grant Ben a power exercisable at his death to 
appoint the Trust principal (but not accumulated income) to anyone other than 
himself, his creditors, his estate or its creditors. 
C. 
Upon Ben's death, single trust will terminate and be distributed as Ben appoints, 
if the power referred to in B above is granted to him. Any property he fails to 
appoint will be divided into per stirpal shares for his descendants (that is, in equal 
shares for his children with the share for any predeceased child being further 
subdivided for such deceased child's descendants) and each such share will be 
held in a Beneficiary's Trust, described below. 
II. 
Beneficiary's Trust. Each per stirpal share set apart for a descendant of Ben (each a 
"Beneficiary") will be held in a separate trust for the benefit of the Beneficiary (the 
"Beneficiary's Trust"),1 as follows: 
Each Beneficiary may, in fact, have two Beneficiary's Trusts: one that will hold property exempt from the 
generation-skipping transfer tax and a second to hold property not so exempt. 
EFTA00589547
--- PAGE 2 ---
Yggdrasil Trust 
Page 2 
A. 
The Independent Trustees have broad discretion to distribute income and principal 
of the Beneficiary's Trust to the Beneficiary for any purpose but they must do so 
for the Beneficiary's health, education, support and maintenance. 
B. 
After age 35, the Beneficiary has power to appoint income and principal of the 
Beneficiary's Trust to Ben's then living descendants (other than the Beneficiary). 
The Independent Trustees may, postpone, suspend or terminate this power for 
good cause (e.g., creditor issues, pending divorce, etc.). 
C. 
The Beneficiary's Trust will terminate upon the Beneficiary's death and will be 
distributed as the Beneficiary appoints. Any property the Beneficiary fails to 
appoint will be distributed to his or her descendants, or if none, to the descendants 
of the Beneficiary's nearest ancestor who was descended from Ben, or if none, to 
Ben's descendants, subject in each case to a Beneficiary's Trust. 
III. 
Remote Takers. Any property not effectively disposed of upon the termination of any 
trust under the Trust Agreement will be distributed to Ben's intestate heirs under New 
York law (determined as if Ben were unmarried). 
IV. 
Trustees.
A. 
You are the initial Trustee. Ben may appoint additional and successor Trustees 
and may remove Trustees. After Ben's death or incapacity, the Trustees may 
designate additional and successor Trustees. 
B. 
After age 35, each Beneficiary may designate additional or successor Trustees, 
including himself or herself and may remove Trustees. The Independent Trustees 
can postpone these powers. 
C. 
Any removed Independent Trustee must be replaced with another Independent 
Trustee. 
D. 
Because the Trust Agreement is silent regarding compensation, unless otherwise 
agreed, Trustees are entitled to the compensation provided by New York law. 2
Under current New York law, an individual Trustee is entitled to an annual commission of approximately 30 
basis points on the value of the trust principal, plus 1% of any principal distributions made that year. 
EFTA00589548
--- PAGE 3 ---
Yggdrasil Trust 
Page 3 
V. 
Grantor Trust. During Ben's lifetime the single Trust will be a "grantor" trust for income 
tax purposes as to Ben. This means that Ben will be taxed on all income, including 
capital gains, generated in the trust. The grantor trust status flows from Ben's ability to 
reacquire trust property by substituting property of equivalent value. 
VI. 
Governing Law. New York law governs the trusts under the Trust Agreement. 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: Pursuant to IRS Regulations. I inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including any 
attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used by any person or entity for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax related penalties 
imposed by any governmental tax authority or agency, or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter 
discussed herein. I advise you to consult with an independent tax advisor on your particular tax circumstances. 
EFTA00589549

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589550.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589550.pdf
----------------------------------------
TONJA HADDAD PA 
524 South Andrews Avenue 
Suite 200 North 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
July 12, 2012 
Via US and Electronic Mail 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Searcy Denney et al. 
Re: 
Epstein v. Edwards et aL 
Dear Mr. Scarola: 
After a careful review of Scott Rothstein's Deposition testimony, the pleadings in this 
matter, the limited discovery we have received from you, and the current outstanding 
discovery requests (some of which the Court has yet to rule upon), please be advised of 
the following: 
First, while we understand your position with respect to Rothstein's testimony as it relates 
to Brad Edwards, we disagree that it somehow disposes of Mr. Epstein's claims agsinst 
Brad. Mr. Epstein's litigation against Edwards does not solely rely on Brad being 
involved in Scott's Ponzi Scheme, and while Scott may have testified that he did not 
order or instruct Brad to do certain things to further his Ponzi scheme, the fact remains 
that Brad did engage in behaviors consistent with Mr. Epstein's claims. For instance, the 
fact that Brad deposed prominent celebrities without asking questions relevant to his 
cause of action; threatened in the press to depose other prominent and influential people 
who had absolutely nothing to do with his Clients' underlying case; and continually 
makes allegations of illegal sexual acts occuring on Mr. Epstein's airplane- an accusation 
that even Brad's own clients have repeatedly and irrefutably denied. These are just a few 
of the facts that we believe support the pending claims against Edwards. 
Second, while Rothstein's testimony may provide one version of the underlying events at 
issue, corroborating evidence — or the lack thereof— will aid in determining whether 
that testimony is credible. However, because you have refused, for over two years, to 
provide virtually any of the discovery we have requested we have been, and are still 
unable to, further investigate and potentially re-evaluate our claims. Accordingly, we are 
again, in a good faith effort to further investigate and potentially resolve this matter, 
requesting copies of the electronic communications that have yet to be turned over. 
Given your firm belief in the truth of Mr. Rothstein's testimony, I anticipate that you will 
be amenable to finally fulfilling this long-outstanding request. Please advise whether you 
EFTA00589550
--- PAGE 2 ---
intend to comply with your discovery obligations in this regard and facilitate the potential 
resolution of these matters. 
Finally, upon our review of the afore-referenced communications, we will determine 
whether it is necessary to schedule the continuation of Mr. Edwards' deposition. Please 
advise. Thank you. 
Sincerely, 
TONJA HADDAD, PA 
Tonja Haddad Coleman 
for the firm 
EFTA00589551

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589552.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J, EDWARDS, 
Individually, and L.M., individually. 
Defendants. 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
PLAINTIFF'S RESPONSE TO DEFENDANT BRADLEY EDWARDS' 
REOUEST TO PRODUCE 
Plaintiff Jeffrey Epstein, by and through his undersigned counsel and pursuant to 
Rule 1.340 of the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, hereby files his response to Bradley 
Edwards' Request to Produce as follows: 
No such requested document is in the possession of Plaintiff. 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served 
upon all parties listed on the attached service list, via electronic and US Mail, this July 
, 
2012. 
EFTA00589552
--- PAGE 2 ---
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
Fla. Bar No.: 0176737 
LAW OFFICES OF TONJA HADDAD, PA 
524 South Andrews Avenue 
Suite 200N 
EFTA00589553
--- PAGE 3 ---
SERVICE LIST 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola et al. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury, Goldberger, & Weiss, PA 
250 Australian Ave. South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Marc Nurik, Esq. 
East Broward Blvd. 
Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos Lehrman 
425 N Andrews Avenue 
Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Lilly Ann Sanchez, Esq. 
LS Law Firm 
Four Seasons Tower - 15th Floor 
1441 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, Florida 33131 
EFTA00589554

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589555.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589555.pdf
----------------------------------------
ill 
AMERICAN MEDIATION INSTITUTE 
P.O. BOX 6832 
ST. THOMAS, U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 00804 
VIA FACSIMILE AND EMAIL 
June 12, 2012 
TO: 
Denise Francois, Esq. 
Treston E. Moore, Esq. 
A.J. Weiss, Esq. 
Britain H. Bryant, Esq. 
FM: 
Nancy Clark 
RE: 
Jeffrey Epstein and L.S.J., LLC v. Fancelli Paneling, Inc., J.P. Molyneux Studio, 
Ltd. 
Civil No. ST-10-CV-443 
This will confirm the mediation of the above matter on Friday, July 13, 2012 
at 9:30 A.M. with Britain H. Bryant, Esq. as the Mediator. The location of 
the mediation will take place at the Law Office of Hodge & Francois. 
Attorney Bryant's mediation fee is $400.00/hr. (two hour minimum) plus 
airfare, travel time and document review divided equally between counsel. 
We ask each attorney to forward a deposit in the amount of $450.00 on or 
before July 6, 2012. 
Additionally, Attorney Bryant requests counsel for each party forward 
a brief ex parte summary of the case. Please forward the summary to 
Attorney Bryant's office. Please forward the summary no later than 
July 10, 2012. 
If you have any questions, please contact AMI. 
EFTA00589555
--- PAGE 2 ---
MEDIATION AGREEMENT 
This is an Agreement to mediate signed by Britain H. Bryant, Esq. of American 
Mediation Institute, Jeffrey Epstein, L.S.J., LLC, Fanelli Paneling, Inc. and J.P. 
Molyneux Studio, Ltd; the parties. The matter to be mediated is the settlement of a 
dispute involving the parties. 
The Mediation will be conducted according to this 
Agreement. 
The purpose of this Agreement is to ensure that the parties to the mediation 
understand the nature, costs and terms of the mediator's services as well as the 
responsibility of the parties and the mediator to maintain the confidentiality of the 
mediation process. 
The parties agree to abide by the following understanding: 
Parties Initials: 
I understand that the mediator, although an attorney at law, does 
not and will not give legal advice while working as a mediator. The mediator is not my 
lawyer, but is employed only to assist us both as a mediator, facilitating discussions and 
negotiations. The mediator has encouraged me to employ legal and other professional 
counsel as I see fit to assist me in the mediation. 
I agree that I will not, at any time (before, during, or after 
mediation of this dispute), call the mediator as a witness in any proceeding concerning 
this dispute. Further, I agree that the mediator and all adverse parties have a privilege to 
refuse to testify and to prevent each and all others from testifying about communications 
of any kind made during any aspect of the mediation. 
I understand that the mediator is not employed to, or is expected to 
make any decisions for me. I do not expect the mediator to act as a judge for me. 
I agree that the mediator shall have the same immunity and 
protection from law suits from damages and other relief as a judge of a Superior Court or 
District Court of the United States Virgin Islands. Any attempt to break or question this 
Agreement in a court shall entitle the mediator to a judgment against the party breaching 
this Agreement or raising such questions, for the amount of the reasonable attorney's fees 
and the court costs and expenses incurred by the mediator as the result of such 
proceedings. 
I agree not to disclose to anyone, at any time, any 
communication made and documents produced during the mediation proceedings except 
for the disclosure of any settlement agreement, which is ultimately signed by the parties 
to the mediation. All statements made in mediator follow-up thereafter at anytime prior to 
complete settlement of this matter are privileged settlement discussions and are non-
discoverable and inadmissible for any purpose including in any legal proceeding. I am 
EFTA00589556
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page two 
Mediation Agreement 
Jeffrey Epstein and L.S.J., LLC v. Fancelli Paneling, Inc., J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. 
Civil No. ST-10-CV-443 
however free to discuss any communication made during the mediation proceedings with 
my attorneys, CPA's, religious and mental health counselors, provided that they are 
bound not to disclose these communications to third parties who could be required to 
disclose them to others. 
 I understand that American Mediation Institute will charge us at 
the rate of $400.00 per hour, (Two hour minimum) plus airfare, travel time and document 
review to be divided equally between counsel. I also agree to remit any balance due at the 
immediate conclusion of the mediation. 
The attorneys are equally responsible with their client(s) for 
the mediation fee as acknowledged by their signature. 
 It is understood that the mediator may terminate or continue the 
mediation any time. The mediator shall not be required to disclose the reason for 
terminating or continuing the mediation, but may do so to the extent deemed appropriate. 
Jeffrey Epstein and L.S.J., LLC 
Party 
BY: 
Representative and/or Counsel 
Date 
Fancelli Paneling, Inc. 
Party 
BY: 
Representative and/or Counsel 
Date 
J.P. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. 
Party 
BY: 
Representative and/or Counsel 
Date 
ACCEPTED 
Britain H. Bryant, Esq. 
Mediator 
American Mediation Institute 
Date 
EFTA00589557

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589558.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589558.pdf
----------------------------------------
Simply Elegant LTD. 
General Contracting 
191 Newel Street 
Brooklyn, NY 11222 
PROPOSAL #805-01 
Rich Bumette 
REF: 9 East 71st Street, New York, NY 
May 11, 2012 
I. TO SAND, TOUCH-UP, SEAL AND APPLY 
TWO (2) COATS OF VARNISH ON BOTH 
SIDES OF DOOR. 
LABOR AND MATERIALS 
$7,800.00 
All material is guaranteed to be at specified. All work to be completed...a workmanlike manner ao:ording to sundanl practices. Any alteration or deviation from the above 
speciticataxts involving ettna onus will be done only upon a ammo change order. The cons will become a extra charge over and abase the eimmate 
is to ieelude. bun is eta 
limited to hidden damages that are uneweicd dump the male of the job and rdamonal work rewired by local balding Wevectors. 
All elements of this agreement are comagem upon antes. accidents. or delays be)oxd oar control. The cognate dam DX include roomful price MatISCI. or additional 
labor rezd materials utach may be required slt.xild unforeseen problems arise after the work has maned 
YOU. the buyer. may caned this n ;Avelino at any time prior to midnight of the third business day ate the dug of the Inmate ma_ Oa elision must be done in writing. 
We Propose hereby to furnish material and labor - complete in accordance with above 
specifications, for the sum of: $ 7,800.00 
Authorized Signature 
Acceptance of Proposal: The above prices, specifications and conditions are satisfactory and 
are hereby accepted. You are authorized to do the work as specified. 
Payment will be made as outlined above. 
Signature: 
Date: 
EFTA00589558

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589559.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589559.pdf
----------------------------------------
Brice, 
Here is a price to replace the limestone on the terraces with new colored lightweight 
concrete. 
Remove and replace baluster 
Remove existing limestone from deck(s) 
I will use a lift to get the pieces down from the deck safely and efficiently 
Apply primer 
Pump mix, 3/8", 4000 psi, colored concrete mix design with fiber. Up to 4" thick. 
We will have a pump on site to place the concrete 
After full cure we will seal the concrete 
Clean area 
$ 35,450.00 plus tax 
Materials breakdown 
New concrete 5000.00 
Pump 2000.00 
Sealer 400.00 
Curing agent 200.00 
Lift 2000.00 
$ 9,600.00 
Labor breakdown 
Supervision 2800.00 
Demo 5 guys 6 days $ 6,800.00 
Prep for concrete 2 guys 2 days 700.00 
Concrete placement 8 guys 4400.00 
Cleanup 2 guys 2 days 650.00 
Travel and per diem for I I days 3000.00 
Work comp 2800.00 
Plus markup 4700.00 
Score lines into concrete 
. 
Labor 
$ 25,850.00 
Concrete is concrete and more times than not, cracks. 
I am not sure how to repair the leak on the east terrace without removing the existing tile, 
and bed of cement on which the limestone is placed and installing a new membrane. 
Istallation of new 60 mil membrane. $10,000.00. 
EFTA00589559
--- PAGE 2 ---
I understand that Jeffrey may want to have outdoor carpet installed. This can be placed at 
any time. Sealed colored concrete is a nice finish as well, and having the versatility is a 
nice option. Also, whatever is removed, needs to be replaced in order to bring the 
elevation back to where it is now. We can also reduce the slope, which we discussed, 
during the site visit. 
Let me know what you think. This work is labor intensive because of the limited access 
to the work area. in order to repair the leaks in the liner, and remedy the limestone 
Please call me if you have any questions at 
Thank you, 
JJ Blea 
EFTA00589560

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589561.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589561.pdf
----------------------------------------
Brice, 
Here is a price to replace the limestone on the terraces with new colored lightweight 
concrete. 
Remove and replace baluster 
Remove existing limestone from deck(s) 
I will use a lift to get the pieces down from the deck safely and efficiently 
Apply primer 
Pump mix, 3/8", 4000 psi, colored concrete mix design with fiber. Up to 4" thick. 
We will have a pump on site to place the concrete 
After full cure we will seal the concrete 
Clean area 
$ 35,450.00 plus tax 
Materials breakdown 
New concrete 5000.00 
Pump 2000.00 
Sealer 400.00 
Curing agent 200.00 
Lift 2000.00 
$ 9,600.00 
Labor breakdown 
Supervision 2800.00 
Demo 5 guys 6 days $ 6,800.00 
Prep for concrete 2 guys 2 days 700.00 
Concrete placement 8 guys 4400.00 
Cleanup 2 guys 2 days 650.00 
Travel and per diem for I I days 3000.00 
Work comp 2800.00 
Plus markup 4700.00 
Score lines into concrete 
. 
Labor 
$ 25,850.00 
Concrete is concrete and more times than not, cracks. 
I am not sure how to repair the leak on the east terrace without removing the existing tile, 
and bed of cement on which the limestone is placed and installing a new membrane. 
Istallation of new 60 mil membrane. $10,000.00. 
EFTA00589561
--- PAGE 2 ---
I understand that Jeffrey may want to have outdoor carpet installed. This can be placed at 
any time. Sealed colored concrete is a nice finish as well, and having the versatility is a 
nice option. Also, whatever is removed, needs to be replaced in order to bring the 
elevation back to where it is now. We can also reduce the slope, which we discussed, 
during the site visit. 
Let me know what you think. This work is labor intensive because of the limited access 
to the work area. in order to repair the leaks in the liner, and remedy the limestone 
Please call me if you have any questions at 
Thank you, 
JJ Blea 
EFTA00589562

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589563.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589563.pdf
----------------------------------------
ION NICOLA 
Social Security Number: 
August 1M, 2012 
NES LLC 
East 71St Street 
New York, NY 10021 
Re: Decorative Painting 
INVOICE 
July 191h to July 31' 
- Little St James 
For services rendered as agreed. 
$ 3,333.00 
Please pay by electronic wire transfer 
Bank Name: CHASE 
Bank Address: 101 Court Street 
Br klyn, NY 11201 
For the account of: ION NICOLA 
EFTA00589563

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589564.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589564.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, •. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
PARK PLAZA, SUITE 1000 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
BOSTON. MASSACHUSE17S 02116 
July 8, 2012 
Jeffrey Epstein 
E. 71g Street 
New York, NY 
INVOICE FOR LEGAL SERVICES 
June 1-30, 2012 
Martin G. Weinberg: 
Prior Balance 
Total Due 
hour 10 minutes X $1000 p/hour 
Yours truly, 
Martin G. Weinberg 
$ 3,166.00 
$1,917.00 
$5,083.00 
EFTA00589564
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00589565

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589566.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589566.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE No. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE I AND JANE DOE 2, 
Plaintiffs 
v. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Defendant 
INTERVENOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S MEMORANDUM IN SUPPORT OF HIS 
ATTENDANCE AT OR PARTICIPATION IN SETTLEMENT CONFERENCE 
Intervenor Jeffrey Epstein has requested that he be permitted to attend, through counsel, 
the settlement conference to be convened in this matter. The right to participate in the settlement 
conference flows inexorably from Judge Marra's granting of Mr. Epstein's motion to intervene 
as of right at the remedy stage of these proceedings to advocate for why the remedy in this 
case—to the extent that the plaintiffs can establish their entitlement to any—should not extend to 
the rescission of his nonprosecution agreement and from his grant of permissive intervention on 
the issue of release of information falling within the grand jury secrecy protections of Rule 6(e). 
Although certain constitutional and contractual arguments for maintaining the inviolability of 
Mr. Epstein's nonprosecution agreement, if plaintiffs still intend to pursue this remedy, are 
common to both the government and to Mr. Epstein, other compelling reasons why the 
nonprosecution agreement should not be invalidated are personal to Mr. Epstein and properly 
presented by him, through counsel, at any settlement conference to be held in this matter. 
EFTA00589566
--- PAGE 2 ---
To the extent that the settlement conference discussions are limited to the issue of 
liability—whether the government violated the plaintiffs' rights under the CVRA—Mr. Epstein's 
counsel's role would remain that of an observer, and he would not seek to interject himself into 
the discussions. If, however, the settlement discussions touched on issues relating to remedy, Mr. 
Epstein's counsel would address such issues to safeguard Mr. Epstein's pivotally important 
interests in avoiding invalidation of his nonprosecution agreement and the release of material 
protected by Rule 6(e), both of which are remedies which the plaintiffs have said they are 
seeking. See Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2's Response to Government's Sealed Motion to 
Dismiss for Lack of Subject Matter Jurisdiction, Doc. 127 at 14. While according due respect to 
Judge Marra's prior opinions indicating that the rescission remedy was potentially available in 
this case, case law and constitutional and contract principles, as well as theories of constitutional 
avoidance and the palpable unfairness to Mr. Epstein of setting aside a contract which he has, to 
his great detriment, fully performed all provide powerful reasons why any settlement of this 
matter should leave Mr. Epstein's nonprosecution agreement intact. Unless and until the 
plaintiffs inform the Court, finally and irrevocably, that they will no longer seek rescission of 
Mr. Epstein's nonprosecution agreement or the release of information protected by the grand jury 
secrecy provisions of Rule 6(e), Mr. Epstein has a vital role to play in any settlement discussions 
to protect the important interests personal to him which are not adequately represented by the 
government, as the granting of intervention as of right confirms. 
I. 
BACKGROUND. 
On July 8, 2013, Mr. Epstein filed his Motion for Prospective Limited Intervention at the 
Remedy Stage of These Proceedings (Doc. 207), which plaintiffs did not oppose. In that motion, 
he contended that he "has a clear and compelling interest in opposing any remedy that would 
EFTA00589567
--- PAGE 3 ---
entail rescission of his non-prosecution agreement with the government and has interests which 
are personal to him and would not be adequately represented by the government should the Court 
determine that a CVRA violation occurred and that rescission or reopening of the non-
prosecution agreement was one of the remedial options under consideration." Id. at 1-2.1 That 
motion continued: 
[D]enying intervention to Mr. Epstein to litigate remedy will cause him severe prejudice, as 
the plaintiffs are asking the Court to invalidate a binding contract to which he is a signatory 
and which implicates his constitutional rights. Mr. Epstein entered into a non-prosecution 
agreement with the government and has fully performed, to his detriment, his obligations 
under that agreement . . . He has an intense interest in opposing plaintiffs' effort to set 
that agreement aside and in presenting to the Court reasons why the agreement should not 
be rescinded which are personal to him, as opposed to the institutional considerations 
which the government has and may advance. 
Id. at 5. See id. at 8 "If [Mr. Epstein] cannot intervene to oppose [a rescission] remedy, he will be 
forced to stand on the sidelines while others litigate rights that are fundamentally important to 
him"). Mr. Epstein also explained why the government would not adequately represent his 
interests with respect to remedy: 
Mr. Epstein and the government may share a common goal of opposing a rescission 
remedy, at least at the present juncture, but their interests, as well as what they would 
bring to the Court on the issue, vary substantially. The government will (most likely) 
present general institutional reasons why non-prosecution agreements into which it has 
entered are binding on it and cannot, or should not, be rescinded. In contrast, in addition 
to the constitutionally-based arguments which the government may advance, Mr. Epstein 
has, specific, personal, and private interests in the non-rescission of this particular 
agreement, including his constitutional right to due process of law, . . . his detrimental 
reliance on the agreement and his full performance of his many obligations under the 
agreement on the basis of that reliance, including . . . pleading guilty to state court 
charges, serving a prison term, serving a year of community control, and paying the 
Courts, including the Eleventh Circuit, have recognized the propriety of intervention to 
litigate remedy. See, e.g., Benjamin ex rel. Yock v. Department of Public Welfare, 701 F.3d 938 
(3d Cir. 2012); Howard v. McLucas, 782 F.2d 956, 959-61 (1 I th Cir. 1986); National Resources 
Defense Council v. Costle, 561 F.2d 904, 907-08 (D.C.Cir. 1977); see also Catmint) v. Berry, 
922 F.2d 37 (1st Cir. 1990)(district court denied intervention at liability stage but indicated that it 
would consider a motion to intervene at the remedy stage). 
EFTA00589568
--- PAGE 4 ---
attorney representing persons who had brought or were threatening to bring actions 
against him for money damages. Mr. Epstein's personal constitutional and contractual 
rights in the matter should be before the Court in making its determination as to remedy, 
if the proceedings reach that stage, and the government will not adequately represent 
those rights that are personal to Mr. Epstein. 
Id. at 9-10. The order granting Mr. Epstein's motion allowed intervention "with regard to any 
remedy issue concerning the non-prosecution agreement in this case." Order Granting Jeffrey 
Epstein's Prospective Limited Intervention at the Remedy State of These Proceedings (Doc. 
246). 
On July 26, 2013, Mr. Epstein filed a motion to intervene for the purpose of protecting 
his interests in the secrecy of matters which occurred before the federal grand juries of which he 
was a target. Doc. 215. In that motion, he contended: 
The materials to which the government has asserted the Rule 6(e) bar to disclosure 
include materials which would disclose substantial portions of the evidence presented to 
the grand jury, both documentary and testimonial, and draft indictments of Mr. Epstein, 
all of which relate to allegations now more than five years old, of a highly sensitive 
nature which Mr. Epstein never had the opportunity to refute . . . . He has a profound 
interest in opposing the release to plaintiffs of this grand July material, which can only 
redound to his severe prejudice and injury. 
Id. at 4. That motion also explained at length why Mr. Epstein's individual interests would not be 
adequately represented by the government. Id. at 6-9. Judge Marra granted the motion as a matter 
of permissive intervention, over the plaintiffs' objection, finding that Mr. Epstein "has a 
legitimate interest in asserting a claim that the grand jury material may be protected from 
disclosure by the Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 6(e)." Order on Motion for Intervention by 
Jeffrey Epstein (Doc. 256) at 1. 
EFTA00589569
--- PAGE 5 ---
II. 
THERE ARE COMPELLING REASONS WHY THE NONPROSECUTION 
AGREEMENT CANNOT AND SHOULD NOT BE INVALIDATED. 
A. 
Constitutional Considerations. 
Both Mr. Epstein and the government concur that the CVRA cannot be construed to 
invalidate a pure exercise of executive discretion such as the decision to enter into a 
nonprosecution agreement. "Few subjects are less adapted to judicial review that the exercise by 
the Executive of his discretion in deciding when and whether to institute criminal proceedings . . 
. ." United States v. Fokker Services B. V., 
F.3d 
2016 WL 1319266 at *5 (D.C.Cir. April 
5, 2016), quoting Newman v United States, 382 F.2d 479, 480 (D.C.Cir. 1967). Fokker Services 
addressed the intersection of judicial and executive powers with respect to a deferred prosecution 
agreement and held, based on constitutional considerations regarding the powers conferred on 
the Executive, that the district court could not reject the deferred prosecution agreement in that 
case based on its disagreement with the Executive's charging decisions. Unlike a deferred 
prosecution agreement, which results in the filing of criminal charges and thus in at least some 
role for the judicial system to play, nonprosecution agreements are contracts between the 
government and the defendant that are never filed with the court and do not result in the 
institution of criminal charges. See Memorandum from Craig S. Morford, Acting Deputy Att'y 
Gen., U.S. Dep't of Justice, to Heads of Department Components, U.S. Att'ys re: Selection and 
Use of Monitors in Deferred Prosecution Agreements and Non-Prosecution Agreements with 
Corporations (Mar. 7, 2008) at note 2, available at http://www.justice.gov/usarn/criminal-
resource-manual-163-selection-and-use-monitors (last visited February 26, 2016) ("In the 
EFTA00589570
--- PAGE 6 ---
nonprosecution agreement context, formal charges are not filed and the agreement is maintained 
by the parties rather than being filed with a court."). 
The government has absolute discretion to decide not to prosecute. ICC v. Brotherhood of 
Locomotive Engineers, 482 U.S. 270, 283 . . . (1987) ("[I]t is entirely clear that the 
refusal to prosecute cannot be the subject of judicial review."). Even a formal, written 
agreement to that effect, which is often referred to as a "non-prosecution agreement," is 
not the business of the courts. 
United States v. HSBC Bank USA, N.A., 2013 WL 3306161 at *5 (E.D.N.Y. July 
2013)(emphasis added). If courts are not free to invalidate deferred prosecution agreements, 
then nonprosecution agreements are even less the business of the courts, given the complete 
absence of judicial involvement in their negotiation and execution. The distinction between 
deferred prosecution agreements and nonprosecution is embodied in the May, 2015, amendments 
to the CVRA, which added the right "to be informed in a timely manner of any plea bargain or 
deferred prosecution agreement," 18 U.S.C.A. §3771(a)(9), but made no mention of 
nonprosecution agreements, even though Congress was surely aware of their existence. [still 
looking for legislative history] The omission of nonprosecution agreements from §3771(a)(9) 
plainly evidences a congressional determination that crime victims do not have the right to be 
informed regarding nonprosecution agreements. The Executive exercised its plenary discretion, 
given to it and it alone by the Constitution, over decisions regarding what, if any, federal 
criminal charges should be brought, and that decision should not be subject to judicial review. 
The potential rescission remedy also has serious implications for Mr. Epstein's 
constitutional rights, as "[d]ue process requires the government to adhere to the terms of any plea 
bargain or immunity agreement it makes." United States v. Hill, 643 F.3d 807, 874 (11th Cir. 
2011), quoting United States v. Harvey, 869 F.2d 1439, 1443 (11th Cir.1989) (en bane). See, e.g., 
EFTA00589571
--- PAGE 7 ---
Santobello v. New York, 404 U.S. 257, 262 (197 O("when a plea rests in any significant degree 
on a promise ... of the prosecutor, so that it can be said to be part of the inducement or 
consideration, such promise must be fulfilled"); United States v. Al-Arian, 514 F.3d 1184, 1190 
(11th Cir. 2008)("Due process requires the government to adhere to the promises it has made in a 
plea agreement"). Thus, the government is constitutionally required to abide by the terms of the 
nonprosecution agreement that it entered into with Mr. Epstein. Nonprosecution agreements, like 
plea bargains, are contractual in nature, and are therefore interpreted in accordance with general 
principles of contract law. Under these principles, if a defendant lives up to his end of the 
bargain, the government is bound to perform its promises." United States v. Castaneda, 162 F.3d 
832, 835-36 (5th Cir. 1998). 
B. 
Mr. Epstein's Personal Considerations. 
A party may intervene as of right under Rule 24(a) if "(I) the application to intervene is 
timely; (2) the party has an interest relating to the property or transaction which is the subject 
matter of the action; (3) the party is situated so that disposition of the action, as a practical 
matter, may impede or impair its ability to protect that interest; and (4) the party's interest is 
represented inadequately by the existing parties to the suit." Chiles v. Thornburgh, 865 F.2d 
1197, 1213 (11th Cir. 1989). In granting Mr. Epstein's motion to intervene to protect the validity 
of his nonprosecution agreement, Judge Marra necessarily found that these prerequisites to 
intervention were satisfied, i.e., that Mr. Epstein has an interest in the subject matter of the 
litigation—the preservation of his nonprosecution agreement—that is not adequately represented 
by the government. 
EFTA00589572
--- PAGE 8 ---
Not permitting Mr. Epstein to attend and participate if necessary in the settlement 
conference would be fundamentally inconsistent with the reasons why intervention was granted 
in the first instance, as it would substantially compromise his ability to protect his critically 
important interests in preserving his nonprosecution agreement and preventing the release of 
personally damaging grand jury materials. Mr. Epstein has fully performed each and every one 
of his obligations under the nonprosecution agreement, including pleading guilty to state court 
charges, serving a prison term, serving a year of community control, paying the attorney 
representing claimants who brought actions solely under 18 U.S.C. §2255, and making civil 
settlements with all such §2255 claimants, amounting to millions of dollars (all of which should 
be returned if the agreement were ever to be rescinded, but it probably unlikely to be). Mr. 
Epstein can never be returned to the status quo ante — the time he spent in jail and on probation 
cannot be restored to him, the prejudice he has suffered from being required to register as a sex 
offender cannot be undone, and it is extremely doubtful that he would ever be able to recoup the 
millions of dollars he paid in legal fees and settlements because required to do so by the 
nonprosecution agreement. Mr. Epstein had no obligation to ensure that the government 
conferred with or notified the plaintiffs before entering into the nonprosecution agreement (even 
assuming arguendo that the government was required to do so), and he should not be prejudiced 
by a remedy based on the government's failure (if any there was) to perform the duties which the 
CVRA imposes on it. Based on these paramount equitable considerations, Mr. Epstein has an 
intense interest in opposing plaintiffs' effort to set his nonprosecution agreement aside and in 
presenting to the Court reasons why the agreement should not be rescinded which are personal to 
EFTA00589573
--- PAGE 9 ---
him, as opposed to the institutional considerations which the government will likely advance, 
which he should be permitted to advance at any settlement conference. 
Additional, and related, considerations which Mr. Epstein would invoke in opposition to 
any remedy that threatened to invalidate his nonprosecution agreement—considerations personal 
to him which are unlikely to be raised by the government, as it was Mr. Epstein, not the 
government, who suffered the manifest prejudice—arise from the plaintiffs' dilatoriness in 
pursuing this action. Even though the action has been pending since 2008, plaintiffs knowingly 
sat on their CVRA claims for years as Mr. Epstein served a prison sentence and as he satisfied all 
the requirements of his non-prosecution agreement. Rather than seek emergency relief from the 
Court, the plaintiffs appeared at a status conference on July 11, 2008, knowing that Mr. Epstein 
was in prison, and told the Court that they saw no reason to proceed on an emergency basis. Doc. 
[Trans. July 11, 2008] at 24-25. Moreover, in a hearing one month later, the plaintiffs 
specifically asked that the Court not invalidate the non-prosecution agreement "because of the 
legal consequences of invalidating the current agreement, it is likely not in [the plaintiffs'] 
interest to ask for the [rescission] relief that we initially asked for." Doc. 
[Trans. August 14, 
2008] at 4. Plaintiffs thus eschewed moving this case forward in favor of their pursuing, over at 
least the next eighteen months, civil settlement actions against Mr. Epstein prior to, rather than 
concurrently with, litigating their CVRA rights. As the direct result, Mr. Epstein has, to his 
detriment, served a prison sentence (2008-09), served a year of community control probation 
(2009-10), and made monetary payments that are directly related to his obligations under the 
non-prosecution agreement to pay legal fees for attorney representation and not to contest 
EFTA00589574
--- PAGE 10 ---
liability for underlying offenses to those suing under §2255 alone. So inactive were plaintiffs in 
this case that the Court dismissed the case for lack of prosecution in September, 2010. (Doc. 38). 
C. 
The Court Has the Discretion to Permit Mr. Epstein to Participate in the 
Settlement Conference. 
With the advent of settlement negotiations, these proceedings have reached the remedy 
stage, as it is unlikely that any meaningful settlement discussions can take place between the 
plaintiffs and the government without touching on remedy. The Court certainly has the discretion 
to permit Mr. Epstein to attend the settlement conference and to participate as outlined above. It 
is not uncommon for intervenors to participate in settlement negotiations. See, e.g., Professional 
Firefighters Ass 'n of Omaha, Local 385 v. Zalewski, 678 F.3d 640, 647 (8th Cir. 2012)(noting 
that intervenors participated in settlement negotiations); City Partnership Co. v. Atlantic Ltd. 
Partnership, 100 F.3d 1041, 1043 (1st Cir. 1996)(noting that intervenors participated in 
settlement negotiations); Su v. Siemens Indus., Inc, 2013 WL 3477202 at *3 (N.D.Cal. July 10, 
2013)(intervention allowed so that intervenor could participate in settlement negotiations); 
United States v. Grand Rapids, 166 F.Supp.2d 1213, 1220 (W.D. Mich. 2000)(noting that 
intervenors participated in settlement negotiations); In re Discovery Zone Sec. Litig., 181 F.R.D. 
582, 601 (N.D. III. 1998)(intervention allowed so that intervenor could participate in settlement 
negotiations); United States v. Maine Dep't of Transp., 980 F.Supp. 546, 549 (D.Me. 
1997)(noting that intervenors participated in settlement discussions); Bucket v. ITT Consumer 
Fin/Corp., 845 F.Supp. 684, 690-91 (D.Minn.), amended 858 F.Supp. 944 (D.Minn. 
1994)(intervention allowed so that intervenor could participate in settlement negotiations). 
Indeed, at least one court has said that it has the power to force intervenors to participate in 
settlement negotiations "when those negotiations take place before the Court in a court-ordered 
EFTA00589575
--- PAGE 11 ---
settlement conference." United States v. Lexington-Fayette Urban Cty. Gov't, 2007 WL 
2020246, at *3 (E.D. Ky. July 6, 2007). 
CONCLUSION 
Declining to permit Mr. Epstein to participate in the settlement conference would be 
inconsistent with the intervention which was granted as to his interests in the preservation of his 
nonprosecution agreement and in the continued preservation of grand jury secrecy. This Court 
plainly has the discretion to permit him to participate on the settlement conference and should 
exercise that discretion. 
II 
EFTA00589576

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589577.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589577.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUPREME COURT FOR THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF NEW 
YORK, 
Plaintiff, 
- against -
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
NOTICE OF ENTRY 
Index No. 30129-2010 
CRIMINAL PART 66 
JUSTICE RUTH PICKHOLZ 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the within is a copy of an order entered in this action on the 18th 
day of January 2011, in the office of the Clerk of the County of New York. 
Dated: January 24, 2011 
To: 
Clerk, New York County 
Cyrus R. Vance, Jr. 
NEW YORK DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S 
OFFICE 
One Hogan Place 
New York, NY 10013 
Attorneys for Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Jay P. Lefkowitz, P.C. 
Sandra Lynn Musumeci 
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
601 Lexington Avenue 
New York, New York 100224611 
Attorneys for defendant Jeffrey E. Epstein 
EFTA00589577

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589578.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589578.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUPREME COURT FOR THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF NEW 
YORK, 
Plaintiff, 
- against -
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Notice of Appeal 
Index No.: 
30129-2010 
CRIMINAL TERM PART: 66 
JUSTICE RUTH PICKHOLZ 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the above named defendant, Jeffrey E. Epstein, hereby 
appeals to the Appellate Division of the New York Supreme Court in and for the First 
Department, from an order entered in the above entitled action in the office of the Clerk of New 
York County on the 18th day of January 2011, which order adjudged defendant Jeffrey E. 
Epstein to be a Level 3 sexual offender pursuant to Article 6-C of the Correction Law, and this 
appeal is taken from each and every part of that order as well as from the whole thereof. 
Dated: January 24, 2011 
To: 
Clerk, New York County 
Cyrus R. Vance, Jr. 
NEW YORK DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S 
OFFICE 
One Hogan Place 
New York, NY 10013 
Telephone: 
(212) 335-9000 
Jay P. Lefkowitz, P,C. 
Sandra Lynn Musumeci 
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
601 Lexington Avenue 
New York, New York 10022-4611 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
(212) 446-4900 
Attorneys for Defendant 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
EFTA00589578

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589579.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589579.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUPREME COURT FOR THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, 
Index No.: 
30129-2010 
Plaintiff-Respondent, 
- against -
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
Defendant-Appellant. 
PREARGUMENT STATEMENT 
I. TITLE OF ACTION: As set forth in caption. 
2. FULL NAMES OF ORIGINAL PARTIES AND ANY CHANGE IN THE PARTIES: 
As set forth in caption. There has been no change in the parties. 
3. NAME, ADDRESS, AND TELEPHONE NUMBER OF COUNSEL FOR APPELLANT 
OR PETITIONER: 
Jay P. Lefkowitz, P.C. 
Sandra Lynn Musumeci 
KIRKLAND 
ELLI LLP 
4. NAME, ADDRESS, AND TELEPHONE NUMBER OF COUNSEL FOR 
RESPONDENT: 
Cyrus R. Vance, Jr. 
NEW YORK DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S OFFICE 
One Hogan Place 
New York, NY 10013 
Telephone: 
(212) 335-9000 
5. COURT AND COUNTY, OR ADMINISTRATIVE BODY, FROM WHICH APPEAL 
IS TAKEN: New York Supreme Court (Criminal Term), New York County. 
6. THE NATURE AND OBJECT OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION OR SPECIAL 
PROCEEDING: Sex Offender Registration Act (SORA) hearing, pursuant to Article 6-C of the 
Correction Law. 
7. RESULT REACHED IN THE COURT OF ADMINISTRATIVE BODY BELOW: 
Supreme Court, New York County, adjudged appellant Jeffrey E. Epstein to be a Level 3 sexual 
offender, without additional designation. 
8. GROUNDS FOR SEEKING REVERSAL, ANNULMENT, OR MODIFICATION: The 
court's designation of appellant Jeffrey E. Epstein as a Level 3 sexual offender was an abuse of 
EFTA00589579
--- PAGE 2 ---
discretion and constituted reversible legal error, as the District Attorney's Office agreed that 
there was not clear and convincing evidence to support a Level 3 designation. 
9. THERE IS NO RELATED ACTION OR PROCEEDING NOW PENDING IN ANY 
COURT OF THIS OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 
10. THERE IS NO ADDITIONAL APPEAL PENDING IN THIS ACTION. 
Dated: January 24, 2011 
Jay P. Lefkowitz, P.C. 
Sandra Lynn Musumeci 
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
601 Lexin on Avenue 
Attorneys for Defendant-Appellant Jeffrey E. 
Esptein. 
-2-
EFTA00589580

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589581.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589581.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO: 
MARTY WEINBERG 
FROM: 
KIM HOMAN 
RE: 
EPSTEIN/DEPOSITION SUBPOENA 
DATE: 
APRIL 8, 2016 
Under Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(c)(1)(A), a subpoena may compel a person to 
appear for a deposition only "within 100 miles of where the person resides, is 
employed, or regularly transacts business in person." A district court may quash or 
modify a subpoena that "requires a person to comply beyond the geographical 
limits specified in Rule 45(c)." Rule 45(d)(3)(A)(ii). Unfortunately, there is no 
easy answer to the question of how to determine where a person resides for 
purposes of Rule 45 or what "transacts business" means. I note at the outset that 
courts have generally placed the burden on the person moving to quash the 
subpoena to demonstrate that he falls outside the 100-mile limit. See, e.g., In re 
Application of Yukos Hydrocarbons Investments Ltd., 2009 WL 5216951 at *4 
(N.D.N.Y. Dec. 30, 2009); RIMSTAT, Ltd. v. Hilliard, 207 B.R. 964, 969 (D.D.C. 
1997); Regents of Univ. of California v. Kohne, 166 F.R.D. 463, 465 (S.D. Cal. 
1996). 
I. 
RESIDENCE. 
I have only found one case which addresses the question of what "reside" 
means for purposes of Rule 45. In Yukos Hydrocarbons, the court first noted that 
"Rule 45(c)(3)(A)(ii) does not shed light on the intended meaning of the term 
"resides", and . . .there is a lack of authority providing any useful guidance." 2009 
WL 5216951 at *5. The meaning of the term, the court continued, varies according 
to the context. Id. The court looked to New York law, which distinguishes 
residence from domicile, with the latter requiring "[e]stablishment of .. . a physical 
presence in the State and an intention to make the State a permanent home." Id., 
quoting Antone v. General Motors Corp., 64 N.Y.2d 20, 28 (1984). Under New 
York law, therefore, residence means something less than a permanent home. 
According to Yukos Hydrocarbons, "[t]he test for determining `residence' often 
employed by New York courts . . . turns on `whether [the individual] has a 
significant connection with some locality in the State as a result of living there for 
EFTA00589581
--- PAGE 2 ---
some length of time during the course of the year."' Id ., quoting Antone, 64 
N.Y.2d at 30. That being the case, the court continued, 
one court held that a temporary residence frequented by a litigant for 
business purposes on only occasional overnight visits throughout the year 
did not qualify as a residence. See Hammerman v. Louis Watch Co., 7 
A.D.2d 817 (3d Dep't 1958). Similarly, another court found the fact that a 
woman had visited a locale and rented a room, voicing an intent to remain, 
was insufficient to show that she had established a residence in New York, 
separate from her home in another location. See Siegfried v. Siegfried, 92 
A.D.2d 916 (2d Dep't 1983) ("Although a person may have more than one 
residence for venue purposes, `to consider a place as such he [or she] must 
stay there for some time and have the bona fide intent to retain the place as a 
residence for some length of time and with some degree of permanency.' ") 
(internal citations omitted). 
Id. The court went on to hold that an individual who owned property in New York, 
and was registered to vote there, but had lived and worked in Russia for ten years 
and had only been in New York for a few months before returning to live and work 
in Russia did not reside in New York for purposes of Rule 45. 
It is my understanding that JE's primary and permanent residence is in the 
Virgin Islands but that he regularly spends time living in a home over which he has 
dominion and control in New York and that he has sufficient contacts in New York 
that he is required to register as a sex offender in that state. Under these 
circumstances, I think it likely that, under the analysis of Yukos Hydrocarbons at 
least, a court could find that JE was a resident of New York for Rule 45 purposes. 
II. 
REGULARLY TRANSACTING BUSINESS IN PERSON. 
The case law has predominantly focused on the meaning of "regularly" 
rather than what it means to "transact business." Such cases have by and large 
required more than minimal contacts within the 100-mile limit. See, e.g., Perez v. 
Progenies Pharm., Inc., 2015 WL 4111551 at *2 (S.D.N.Y June 24, 
2015)(occasional meetings did not suffice); M'Baye v. New Jersey Sports Prod., 
Inc., 246 F.R.D. 205, 207 (S.D.N.Y. 2007)(14-18 visits in two years did not 
suffice); 
Bostian 
v. 
Suhor Industries, 
Inc.,2007 
WL 
3005177,at 
*1 
(N.D.Okla.2007) (twice a year not sufficient); In re Application for Order 
EFTA00589582
--- PAGE 3 ---
Quashing Deposition Subpoenas, No. M8-85, 2002 WL 1870084, at *3 (S.D.N.Y. 
Aug. 14, 2002)(four times in five years not sufficient); Regents of the University of 
California v. Kohne, 166 F.R.D. 463, 465 (S.D.Ca1.1996) (ten times in seven years 
did not suffice); Halliburton Energy Services, Inc. v. M-I, LLC, No. 06-53, 2006 
WL 2663948, at *2 (S.D.Tex.2006) (business trips to Houston four times a year, 
staying approximately ten days each trip, for a period of ten years "clearly place[s 
a person] in the category of regularly transacting business in person"). 
I have not found any cases that discuss what it means to "transact business" 
for purposes of Rule 45. In other contexts, the term has been defined to mean "the 
practical everyday business or commercial concept of doing or carrying on 
business of any substantial character." C C P. Corp. v. Wynn Oil Co., 354 F. 
Supp. 1275, 1278 (N.D. Ill. 1973). 
It is my understanding that JE frequently has business meetings in New 
York. The frequency of those meetings will determine whether the court would 
find that he "regularly" conducts business. An open question is whether an 
argument can be made, remembering that JE would have the burden of proof, that 
those meetings did not constitute transacting business. 
EFTA00589583

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589584.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589584.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN IC INDYKE 
MIN 
October 19, 2015 
CERTIFIED MAIL 
RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED 
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
Tower Place 
Albany, NY 12203-3764 
Re: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein - Offender ID 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
In connection with the registration in New York of Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, Offender ID 
as a sex offender, this is to advise you that the following motor vehicle has 
been purchased for use by Mr. Epstein when visiting his vacation home in New York, 
and should be added to the list of motor vehicles previously disclosed to your office: 
License 
State 
Property 
Automobile 
Yiti 
Elate 
Registered 
War 
taxation 
2015 Chevrolet Suburban 
Awaiting Issuance 
New York 
Black 
New York 
We will provide you with the motor vehicle's license plate number once we receive 
the license plates from the New York State Department of Motor Vehicles. 
Consistent with your prior instructions, Mr. Epstein has signed and dated this letter 
in the space provided below to confirm the purchase of the 2015 Chevrolet 
Suburban as described in this letter. 
EFTA00589584
--- PAGE 2 ---
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
October 19, 2015 
Page 2 
If ou re uire any further information, please feel free to call me at my office, 
r on my mobile telephone number, 
Respectfully, 
Darren Indyke 
CONFIRMED: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dated: 
EFTA00589585

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589586.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589586.pdf
----------------------------------------
 American Arbitration Association 
Dispute Resolution Services Worldwide 
January 30, 2013 
VIA ELECTRONIC MAIL 
Vincent S. Green, Esq. 
Nemecek & Cole 
15260 Ventura Boulevard, Suite 920 
Sherman Oaks, CA 91403 
Stephen G. Rinehart 
Troutman Sanders LLP 
405 Lexington Ave. 
New York, NY 10174 
Re: 72 147 00218 12 SIM 
Sitrick and Company, a division of Sitrick Brincko 
Group, LLC 
VS 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Parties: 
Jeffrey Garcia, Vice President 
Western Case Management Center 
internet: httpWwww.adr.org/ 
We ask the parties to kindly advise us as to the status of the above referenced matter on or before 
February 8, 2013. 
Please be advised it is the policy of the Association to hold cases in abeyance for one year. The parties 
may continue to hold the matter in abeyance beyond that period provided they remit a payment of 
$300.00 to the Association to cover the administrative expense of continued tracking of such cases. 
You may also view case financial information, as well as make payments with a credit card online via 
AAA's WebFile. 
The Association will request this fee after this case has been in abeyance for eleven months. Absent 
remittance of this fee, we will close our file. 
Should you have any questions regarding the above, please do not hesitate to call. 
Sincerely, 
/s/ 
Sandra L. Marshall 
Mana er of ADR Services 
SM/js 
EFTA00589586

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589587.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589587.pdf
----------------------------------------
Teach 
=ACTING SER \RES, INC 
CONTACT INFORMATION: 
NAME: Janusz 
PROPERTY ADDRESS: El BRILLO 
CITY: PALM BEACH 
PHONE: 
EMAIL: 
SCOPE OF W 
OPTION 1 
PROPOSAL 
PROPOSAL DATE: 4-8-15 
DRIVEWAY OPTIONS 
1) Demo ENTIRE driveway of 4' x 4' concrete pads approximately 4,756 sq. ft. 
driveway both EAST and WEST and haul to dump. 
2) Form and you 
mesh 4" to 6" 
r approximately 4,756 sq. ft. of 4' x 4' concrete pads with fiber 
in depth with same layout as existing driveway. 
3) After 10 days of curing time we will then install a 1/4" of color of customers 
choice and texture as desired. 
4) All gates and gate tracks will be re-installed and set as before. 
5) All 2" joints in between pads will receive a small pebble of choice and have 
an epoxy mixed with it to help keep pebbles in joints. 
OPTION 2 
1) Demo ENTIRE driveway of all the 4' x 4' concrete pads approximately 4,756 
sq. ft. @ both east and west and haul to dump. 
2) Supply and sand set install approximately 4,756 sq. ft. of Red brick of choice 
with coral design inlays as desired. 
3) All joints will be sand swept and all edging will receive a hidden concrete 
edging. 
EFTA00589587
--- PAGE 2 ---
TERMS: 
1) All sub-grade surfaces will be prepped to Palm Beach Code and compacted 
to specs. 
2) All gate tracks will be re-installed back to original after the install 
3) The gate sensor may have to be re-connected with the gate after installation, 
if we can not connect it. 
4) All permits will be included in price 
TOTAL: 
OPTION 1 
Concrete/ rice - 
$61,047.60 
OPTION 2 
Brick and coral 
- 
$57 325.45 
• 
50% deposit is due upon signing and a draw is set upon concrete removal and 
delivery of brick and final due upon 100% completion 
Job will take 2 to 3 weeks for permit 
And another 10 to 12 business days to complete entire job if no unforeseen issues 
arise. 
PALM BEACH CONTRACTING SERVICES INC. hereby proposes to furnish materials as shown as. tated above. All work is 
guaranteed to be completed in a workmanlike manner according to standard practice. Any changes inn,lring extra costs or 
extension of time will be executed upon written order and will become an extra change order over and above this proposal. 
Customer acknowledges and agrees that he or she will pay all collection fees, court casts. attorner's fees. and or any other expense 
;vaulted to enforce the terms and conditions of this comma 
ACCEPTANCE OF PROPOSAL, THE ABOVE PRICE, SPECIFICATIONS AND CONDITIONS ARE SATISFACTORY AND 
ARE HEREBY ACCEPTED, PALM BEACH CONTRACTING SERVICES, INC IS AUTHORIZED TO DO WORK AS 
OUTLINED ABOVE. I AGREE TO FORWARD DEPOSIT BEFORE START OF PRODUCTION 
ACCEPTED BY: 
DATE: 
50% DEPOSIT TO COMMENCE WORK, REMAINDING BALANCE DUE UPON COMPLETION 
EFTA00589588

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589589.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589589.pdf
----------------------------------------
Draft 
1-120-2012 
AIRCRAFT PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
THIS AIRCRAFT PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is entered 
into as of January 
, 2012, by and between FREEDOM AIR INTERNATIONAL, INC., a 
Delaware corporation, whose address is 103 Foulk Road, Suite 202, Wilmington, Delaware 
19803 ("Seller"), and Greenwich Aerogroup Brazil Leasing, Inc., a Delaware corporation, whose 
address is 
("Purchaser"). 
RECITATIONS:
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Seller desires to 
sell, transfer, and deliver to Purchaser, and Purchaser desires to purchase, one used Sikorsky S-76C 
helicopter (sometimes referred to as a S-76C+) bearing Manufacturer's Serial No. 760472 and U.S. 
Registration No. N162AD (formerly, NI 62AE), with two (2) Turbomeca Arriel 2S1 engines 
bearing Manufacturer's Serial Nos. 20040 and 20533TEC, together with all avionics, equipment 
(including loose equipment), systems, furnishings and accessories installed on, contained in or 
attached to said helicopter and engines, all as is more particularly described in Exhibit A and 
Exhibit A-1 attached hereto, and also including all airframe, engine and accessory logbooks, flight 
and operation manuals, maintenance and overhaul records, and all other records and paperwork 
relating to the above-described helicopter and engines in Seller's possession (collectively, the 
"Aircraft"). 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants 
herein contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
Purchase Price; Payment. Seller agrees to sell, and Purchaser agrees to 
purchase, the Aircraft for a total purchase price of Two Million Two Hundred Thousand U.S. 
Dollars (US$2,200,000.00) (the "Purchase Price"), which shall be paid as follows: 
(a) 
Purchaser has placed a deposit of One Hundred Thousand U.S. Dollars 
(US$100,000.00) (the "Deposit") with Insured Aircraft Title Service, Inc., Oklahoma City, 
Oklahoma, as escrow agent (the "Escrow Agent"), which Deposit shall be held in escrow and 
disbursed at the Closing (as hereinafter defined and described) pursuant to the conditions and 
requirements set forth in this Agreement; and 
(b) 
The balance of the Purchase Price in the amount of Two Million One 
Hundred Thousand U.S. Dollars (US$2,100,000.00) (the "Purchase Price Balance") shall be paid 
at the Closing, said Purchase Price Balance to be wire transferred prior to the Closing into the 
Special Escrow Account (as defined below) of the Escrow Agent for its disbursement to Seller at 
the Closing upon the satisfaction of the conditions and requirements set forth in this Agreement. 
EFTA00589589
--- PAGE 2 ---
Draft 
1-120-2012 
1.1 
Establishment of Special Escrow Account. The Deposit has been wire 
transferred to thegeneral escrow account of Escrow Agent maintained at International Bank of 
Commerce, 3817 
. Expressway, Suite 100, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73112. Upon the 
execution of this Agreement, the Escrow Agent shall promptly cause the Deposit to be 
transferred to, and maintained in, a special escrow account at said Bank created and maintained 
solely and exclusively for the purpose of this transaction (the "Special Escrow Account"); and 
Escrow Agent shall thereupon provide Seller and Purchaser with the number of the Special 
Escrow Account and any other information pertinent thereto. The Deposit shall be held in 
escrow by Escrow Agent in the Special Escrow Account, and shall be non-refundable to 
Purchaser, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement. The Escrow Agent shall 
not place or hold any funds in the Special Escrow Account except for the funds received in 
connection with this transaction (namely, the Deposit and the Purchase Price Balance). 
Condition of the Aircraft. 
(a) 
At the time of Seller's delivery of the Aircraft at the Closing, the Aircraft 
shall be in the following condition (the "Delivery Condition"): 
(i) 
The Aircraft shall be in an airworthy condition, with a current and valid 
U.S. Certificate of Airworthiness, and with all systems, components, installed 
equipment, and engines in operating condition and functioning in accordance with 
manufacturer's specifications. 
(ii) 
The Aircraft shall be in compliance with all applicable FAA Airworthiness 
Directives and Manufacturer's Mandatory Service Bulletins. 
(iii) 
Title to the Aircraft shall be free and clear of all liens, claims and 
encumbrances at the time title is transferred at the Closing with Seller able to 
convey good and marketable title to the Aircraft. 
(iv) 
The Aircraft shall have current, complete and continuous logbooks from 
the date of manufacture to the Closing Date, and with all manuals, data, technical 
records, task cards and information back-to-manufacturer on all life limited parts 
of the Aircraft. 
(v1 
The Aircraft shall have no material corrosion. accidents or material 
damage history. 
3. 
Pre-Purchase Inspection. 
(a) 
Purchaser, or its agent, shall have a right to perform a pre-purchase 
inspection of the Aircraft at the facility of Summit Aviation located in Middletown, Delaware, 
or, if not there, at another facility agreed upon by the parties in writing (the "Inspection 
EFTA00589590
--- PAGE 3 ---
Draft 
1-120-2012 
Facility"). Seller, at Purchaser's sole cost and expense, shall position the Aircraft at the 
Inspection Facility no later than three (3) business days after this Agreement is executed by both 
Purchaser and Seller. Such pre-purchase inspection shall consist of an initial test flight of not 
more than one (1) hour duration, and such other inspections as may be requested by Purchaser 
which are reasonably necessary to determine that the Aircraft is in the Delivery Condition 
required in Section 2 above (collectively, the "Pre-Purchase Inspection"). The Pre-Purchase 
Inspection shall commence within three (3) business days after the Aircraft is positioned at the 
Inspection Facility, but not later than January 147, 2012. The costs of the Pre-Purchase 
Inspection and fuel costs for the test flight will be at Purchaser's expense. 
(b) 
Upon completion of the Pre-Purchase Inspection, and the issuance of a 
written report thereof by the Inspection Facility to both Purchaser and Seller (the "Inspection 
Report"), Purchaser shall, in its sole discretion, accept or reject the Aircraft not later than three 
(3) business days after Purchaser's receipt of the Inspection Report from the Inspection Facility. 
The Inspection Report shall include written estimates of the costs to repair each of the 
discrepancies noted. Such acceptance or rejection shall be evidenced by Purchaser's completion 
and execution of a preliminary acceptance certificate in the form of that attached hereto as 
Exhibit B to which Purchaser shall attach a true and correct copy of the Inspection Report (the 
"Preliminary Acceptance Certificate"). 
(c) 
If, pursuant to subsection (b) above, Purchaser, in its sole discretion, 
rejects the Aircraft, Purchaser shall be responsible for and shall pay the costs of the Pit-Purchase 
Inspection and also Seller's reasonable and documented  fuel costs and pilot expense incurred in 
delivering the Aircraft from Seller's home base to the Inspection Facility and returning the 
Aircraft from the Inspection Facility to Seller's home base, the Escrow Agent shall immediately 
refund the Deposit to Purchaser, less such fuel costs and pilot expenses of Seller, this Agreement 
shall terminate and neither party shall have any further liability or obligation to the other. 
(d) 
If Purchaser accepts the Aircraft, as evidenced by Purchaser's execution 
and delivery of the Preliminary Acceptance Certificate to both Escrow Agent and Seller, the 
Deposit shall become nonrefundable to Purchaser except as provided in Section 10(b) below and 
subject to Seller's accepting and agreeing to cause to be corrected at Seller's sole cost and 
expense at the Inspection Facility, or such other facility as shall be approved in writing by both 
Purchaser and Seller, those discrepancies, if any, identified in the Inspection Report (the 
4nspeetien-Disecepattiesn) that must be corrected in order for Seller to deliver the Aircraft to 
Purchaser at the Closing (as hereinafter defined) in the Delivery Condition prescribed in Section 
above (the "Inspection Discrepancies"). 11--Seller--ateepts-sueh-Inspettien-Distrepateiesr then 
suehThe Inspection Discrepancies are-teshall be corrected in accordance herewith on or before 
the Completion Deadline (as hereinafter defined), at Seller's sole cost and expense. As used 
herein, the Completion Deadline shall mean within ten (10) business days after Seller's receipt of 
an executed Preliminary Acceptance Certificate from Purchaser
., b,. c ended b., Seller c 
e to time b.... ritten notice to Purchase-) 
EFTA00589591
--- PAGE 4 ---
Draft 
1-120-2012 
(e) 
Upon Seller's causing to be completed the correction of such Inspection 
Discrepancies as reflected in the Inspection Report, if any, Purchaser shall have the right, at its 
expense, to require an additional test flight of the Aircraft, with a duration not to exceed one (1) 
hour, to determine if the Inspection Discrepancies identified in the Inspection Report have been 
corrected. 
4. 
International Registry. At least five (5) days prior to the Closing, Seller 
and Purchaser shall have each, at their own expense, obtained approval on the International 
Registry at httns://www.intemationalregistry.aem to be a Transacting User Entity and such 
approvals shall be a condition for closing. Prior to the Closing, Seller and Purchaser shall each 
designate the Escrow Agent as Seller's and Purchaser's Professional User Entity for purposes of 
requesting and providing consent to the registration of a searchable Contract of Sale (Bill of 
Sale) evidencing the transfer of title to the airframe and the two (2) engines of the Aircraft from 
Seller to Purchaser. 
5. 
Closing and Delivery. 
(a) 
The closing of this transaction ("the Closing") and delivery of the Aircraft 
to Purchaser shall take place at Summit Aviation in Middletown, Delaware, or at such other 
place as the parties may subsequently agree upon in writing ("the Closing Place"), within three 
(3) business days after the Completion Deadline, but 
in no event 
later than 
, unless the parties subsequently agree upon a later date in writing 
("the Closing Date"). Seller and Purchaser hereby acknowledge that the passing of title, 
possession and delivery of the Aircraft shall take place within the state in which the Closing 
Place is located. The fuel costs and the expenses of Seller's flight crew in flying the Aircraft 
from the Inspection Facility to the Closing Place, if different from the Inspection Facility, shall 
be borne by Purchaser. 
(b) 
Prior to the Closing, the following deliveries shall be made to the Escrow 
Agent by the responsible party indicated: 
(i) 
At least two (2) days prior to the Closing Date, Seller shall 
deliver the following to Escrow Agent: 
(A) 
A FAA Form Bill of Sale AC 8050-2 in proper form for 
recordation at the FAA Civil Aircraft Registry to transfer title to the 
Aircraft to Purchaser duly executed by an officer or manager of Seller, 
with his or her title shown, but undated ("FAA Bill of Sale"); 
(AM A Warranty Bill of Sale in the form attached hereto as 
Exhibit C transferring title to the Aircraft to Purchaser duly executed by an 
officer or manager of Seller, with his or her title shown, but undated (the 
"Warranty Bill of Sale"); and 
EFTA00589592
--- PAGE 5 ---
Draft 
1-120-2012 
(CB) All releases of liens, terminations or other documents, if 
any, which may be necessary to enable Seller to transfer good and 
marketable title to the Aircraft to Purchaser free and clear of all liens, 
claims and encumbrances (the "Curative Documents"). 
(ii) 
On or before the Closing Date, Purchaser shall deliver or cause 
to be delivered to Escrow Agent the following: 
(A) 
The Purchase Price Balance, which Purchase Price Balance 
shall be wire transferred into the Special Escrow Account of Escrow 
Agent in accordance with wire transfer instructions to be provided to 
Purchaser by Escrow Agent prior to the Closing Date; and 
(B) 
An Application for Aircraft Registration (AC Form 8050-1) 
covering the airframe of the Aircraft duly executed by Purchaser but 
undated (the "Application for Registration"). 
(iii) 
In addition to the documents described above, Seller and/or 
Purchaser may deliver or cause to be delivered to Escrow Agent such other 
documents and with such instructions as may be subsequently agreed upon in 
writing by the parties hereto and the Escrow Agent. 
The documents described in subparagraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph 5(b) are hereinafter 
referred to collectively as the "Escrow Documents". 
(c) 
Prior to the Closing Date, each of Seller, Purchaser and Escrow Agent 
shall notify each of the others in writing (either by correspondence, fax or e-mail) of the name or 
names and telephone number of each representative of the respective parties which is to 
participate in the conference call to be conducted in connection with the Closing (hereinafter the 
"Closing Conference Call"). The Clostg_Conference Call shall be originated by Purchaser on 
the Closing Date at-on or about 10:00 IMI., U.S. Central Daylight Time, so as to complete the 
Closing, including the filing of the Escrow Documents with the FAA Registry in Oklahoma City, 
Oklahoma, prior to the closing of that office on the Closing Date. 
(d) 
At the Closing, and after the representatives of each of Seller, Purchaser 
and Escrow Agent have each announced their attendance on the Closing Conference Call, then 
the following shall occur: 
(i) 
If (A) the records of the FAA then reflect that Seller is the record 
owner of the airframe of the Aircraft and that said airframe and the two (2) 
engines of the Aircraft are free and clear of all recorded liens, claims and 
encumbrances (or will be upon the filing of the Curative Documents held by the 
EFTA00589593
--- PAGE 6 ---
Draft 
1-126-2012 
Escrow Agent and for which Escrow Agent shall have authorization to release 
and/or file in accordance with this Agreement), (B) the records of the 
International Registry do not reflect the registration of any liens, claims or 
encumbrances against the airframe of the Aircraft or against the two (2) engines, 
and there are no registrations on the International Registry reflecting ownership of 
the airframe of the Aircraft or of either of the engines in the name of any third 
party, and (C) Escrow Agent has not otherwise received notice of any other lien, 
claim or encumbrance asserted by any third party with respect to the Aircraft, then 
Escrow Agent shall so advise the participants on the Closing Conference Call and 
then, but only then, Escrow Agent shall immediately wire the Purchase Price as 
directed by Seller in accordance with wire transfer instructions which shall be 
provided to Escrow Agent by Seller prior to the Closing Date and simultaneously, 
ESefeWagent-shall file with the FAA Registry for recordation, or at Purchaser's 
request release to FAA registry counsel of Purchaser's choosing ("Purchaser FAA 
Registry Counsel") for filing with the FAA Registry for recordation, the 
3N-arrantyFAA Bill of Sale and any other necessary Escrow Documents-with-the 
FAA-RegiSEPf-fer-resegatien and, upon such being accomplisheddeing-se, shall 
then notify each of the participants on the Closing Conference Call of the time of 
filing of each such Escrow Document. Immediately following the above, the 
following shall occur at the Closing Place: 
(A) 
Seller's representative shall deliver possession of the 
Aircraft to Purchaser; and 
(B) 
Purchaser shall execute and deliver to Seller a Delivery 
Receipt in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D. 
(ii) 
Immediately following the above, the Escrow Agent, as the 
Professional User Entity for each of Seller and Purchaser, shall electronically 
initiate and consent to the registrations with the International Registry of the 
interests created by the Warranty Bill of Sale (the same being referred to as a 
contract of sale for purposes of the International Registry) with respect to the 
airframe of the Aircraft and each of the two (2) engines, or at Purchaser's request 
cooperate as necessary to permit Purchaser FAA Registry Counsel to accomplish 
such registrations with the International Registry. 
(e) 
Following completion of the Closing as prescribed above, Escrow Agent 
shall mail the Warranty Bill of Sale to the address specified by Purchaser. 
(0 
If all of the conditions and requirements specified in this Section 5 are not 
satisfied on or before 
, 2012 (or such later date as Seller and Purchaser may 
EFTA00589594
--- PAGE 7 ---
Draft 
1-120-2012 
agree upon in writing and provide to Escrow Agent), then Escrow Agent shall do the following: 
(4)--The—Esevey.—Doeuntents—shail—be—returned—by—Bsereyr Agent—re 
Sellerr  and-any-ether--desumen4s-whieh-may-be-held-by-Bserew-Agen‘on-behalf-ef 
Furehaser-shall-be-retumed-te-Pur-c-haseri 
(ii) 
If earlier received by Escrow Agent, the Purchase Price Balance 
shall be returned to Purchaser, or in accordance with Purchaser's instructions tebe 
retained by Escrow Agent; and 
(iii) 
Escrow Agent shall retain any Escrow Documents and  the Deposit 
until Seller and Purchaser furnish Escrow Agent with a written agreement which 
gives Escrow Agent instructions for payment of said funds and release of the 
Escrow Documents,  or, if Escrow Agent is not furnished with such a written 
agreement, Escrow Agent shall retain the Deposit and Escrow Documents until 
Escrow Agent is ordered to pay said funds and release the Escrow Documents  in 
accordance with the final order of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
(g) 
The escrow requirements and procedures set forth in this Section 5 shall 
be subject to such reasonable modifications as may be required by any recognized financial 
institutional  lender to Seller or Purchaser, or by any recognized financial institutional  holder of a 
lien upon the Aircraft, and which are subsequently agreed upon by the parties hereto and the 
Escrow Agent. 
(h) 
Seller agrees to pay up to the date of Closing any navigational and cabin 
information subscriptions, any avionics/electrical system contracts, engine monitoring programs, 
and any similar contracts including without limitation the Maintenance Tracking by HeloTrac 
and the Sikorsky PAP. To the extent assignable upon Closing, Seller will transfer such right, 
title and interest (if any) it has in and to any warranty or undertaking provided by any 
manufacturer or maintenance performer in respect to the Aircraft or any part thereof to 
Purchaser. Seller agrees to notify manufacturers and support program providers of the sale of the 
Aircraft and shall reasonably cooperate with Purchaser in effecting the assignment to Purchaser 
or establishment in Purchaser's name of any such support programs that Purchaser wishes to 
continue including without limitation the Maintenance Tracking by HeloTrac and the Sikorsky 
PAP. Seller's obligations under this paragraph shall survive Closing. 
6. 
Fee of Escrow Agent. The fee of the Escrow Agent (which fee also 
includes any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Escrow Agent) for performing its duties 
specified herein shall be in the amount of $ 
 and shall be borne equally by 
Purchaser and Seller. Their respective portions of said fee shall be paid by them to the Escrow 
Agent as and when required by the Escrow Agent. In addition to its duties specified above, the 
duties of the Escrow Agent shall also include (a) delivering a written preliminary title and lien 
EFTA00589595
--- PAGE 8 ---
Draft 
1-120-2012 
report and also a written post-closing title and lien report to each of Purchaser and Seller, and (b) 
as Seller's and Purchaser's Professional User Entity, making registrations with the International 
Registry of the Warranty Bill of Sale (Contract of Sale) with respect to the transfer of title to the 
airframe of the Aircraft and the two (2) engines of the Aircraft from the Seller to the Purchaser, 
and obtaining and providing Seller and Purchaser with post-closing Priority Search Certificates 
issued by the International Registry with respect to the airframe of the Aircraft and the two (2) 
engines. 
7. 
Taxes. 
(a) 
Seller warrants that there are no outstanding or delinquent taxes or duties 
attributable to the Aircraft as of the Closing Date. 
(b) 
As between Seller and Purchaser,  Purchaser shall be responsible for and 
shall pay, or reimburse Seller for, any and all sales, excise, gross receipts, use, personal property, 
transfer or similar taxes, assessments or duties including interest or penalties imposed thereon 
and any costs incurred in defense of the nonpayment thereof, including reasonable attorney's fees 
and expenses, arising out of, or incurred in connection with, the sale and delivery of the Aircraft 
to Purchaser or the use, ownership, possession, maintenance or operation of the Aircraft upon 
and after the Closing, but specifically excluding any income, capital gains or other similar taxes 
based on the income of Seller or personal property or other similar taxes assessed or based upon 
Seller's ownership or use of the Aircraft prior to the Closing. 
(c) 
The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive Closing. 
8. 
Representations and Warranties. 
(a) 
Seller's Representations and Warranties. Seller hereby represents and 
warrants to Purchaser as follows, which representations and warranties shall survive the Closing: 
(i) 
Seller has good and marketable title to the Aircraft and on the 
Closing Date Seller will convey to Purchaser good and marketable title to the Aircraft free and 
clear of any and all leases, liens, claims, rights to purchase and encumbrances of any kind or 
nature. 
(ii) 
Seller is duly organized, existing and in good standing under the 
laws of the State of Delaware and has full power and authority to execute and deliver this 
Agreement, to transfer title of the Aircraft to Purchaser, and to perform all of the other actions 
contemplated hereby, and this Agreement does not conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute 
a default under or result in the creation of a lien or encumbrance under, any other agreement or 
instrument to which Seller is a party. 
EFTA00589596
--- PAGE 9 ---
Draft 
1-120-2012 
(iii) 
There are no judgments, actions, suits, claims or legal, 
administrative, arbitration or other proceedings or governmental investigations or examinations 
pending or threatened or injunctions or orders entered, pending or threatened against Seller or its 
members or managers or its business, property or assets, at law or in equity, before or by any 
federal, state, municipal or other governmental department, court, commission, board, bureau, 
agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the 
transaction contemplated hereby or to obtain damages which if decided adversely would 
adversely affect the ability of Seller to consummate the transaction provided for in this 
Agreement. 
(b) 
Purchaser's Representations and Warranties. Purchaser hereby represents 
and warrants to Seller as follows, which representations and warranties shall survive the Closing: 
(i) 
Purchaser is duly organized, existing and in good standing under 
the laws of the State of Delaware and has full power and authority to execute and deliver this 
Agreement, to take title of the Aircraft from Seller, and to perform all of the other actions 
contemplated hereby, and this Agreement does not conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute 
a default under or result in the creation of a lien or encumbrance under, any other agreement or 
instrument to which Purchaser is a party. 
(ii) 
There are no judgments, actions, suits, claims or legal, 
administrative, arbitration or other proceedings or governmental investigations or examinations 
pending or threatened or injunctions or orders entered, pending or threatened against Purchaser 
or its members or managers or its business, property or assets, at law or in equity, before or by 
any federal, state, municipal or other governmental department, court, commission, board, 
bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, to restrain or prohibit the consummation 
of the transaction contemplated hereby or to obtain damages which if decided adversely would 
adversely affect the ability of Purchaser to consummate the transaction provided for in this 
Agreement. 
9. 
LIMITATION 
OF 
WARRANTIES. 
EXCEPT 
FOR 
THE 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER SET FORTH IN SECTION 8, 
ELSEWHERE IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN THE WARRANTY BILL OF SALE (THE 
"EXPRESS CONTRACT WARRANTIES"), THE AIRCRAFT AND EACH PART THEREOF 
IS BEING SOLD TO PURCHASER HEREUNDER IN ITS "AS IS, WHERE IS" CONDITION 
AND "WITH ALL FAULTS" EFFECTIVE AT THE CLOSING. 
EXCEPT FOR THE 
EXPRESS CONTRACT WARRANTIES, NEITHER SELLER NOR ITS AGENTS, 
REPRESENTATIVES OR EMPLOYEES MAKE ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND OR NATURE WHATSOEVER TO PURCHASER. WITHOUT 
LIMITING 
THE 
GENERALITY 
OF 
THE 
FOREGOING 
DISCLAIMER 
OF 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, THERE IS (I) NO WARRANTY BY SELLER, 
ITS AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES OR EMPLOYEES AS TO THE AIRWORTHINESS OR 
PHYSICAL CONDITION OF THE AIRCRAFT, (II) NO IMPLIED WARRANTY BY 
EFTA00589597
--- PAGE 10 ---
Draft 
1-120-2012 
SELLER, ITS AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES OR EMPLOYEES OF MERCHANTABILITY 
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE AIRCRAFT, (III) NO IMPLIED 
WARRANTY BY SELLER, ITS AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES OR EMPLOYEES 
ARISING FROM COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF 
TRADE, AND (IV) NO WARRANTY BY SELLER, ITS AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES OR 
EMPLOYEES AGAINST PATENT INFRINGEMENT OR THE LIKE. 
IN NO EVENT 
SHALL EITHER PARTY HERETO BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. 
10. 
Breaches and Remedies. 
(a) 
Failure by Purchaser to pay the Purchase Price at Closing in accordance 
with this Agreement, to deliver any Closing documents required by this Agreement, or any other 
failure or refusal by Purchaser to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement, or any 
material misrepresentation by Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, shall, upon the actual or 
offered performance by Seller of all its obligations, and the failure by Purchaser to cure such 
failure within 7 days after Seller gives Purchaser notice of such failure, constitute a breach of this 
Agreement by Purchaser. The parties hereto expressly agree that in the event of such breach as a 
result of which the Closing does not take place, the Deposit shall be forfeited by Purchaser, and 
the Deposit shall be distributed by Escrow Agent to Seller as liquidated damages and as its sole 
and exclusive remedy, all other remedies in such event, including but not limited to incidental 
and consequential damages, being hereby WAIVED by Seller. The limitation of Seller's 
remedies as set forth in this Section 10(a) shall not be construed to limit or otherwise adversely 
affect Seller's post-closing remedies, should the Closing occur, for breach of any express 
warranties by Purchaser set forth in this Agreement or the breach of any post-closing obligations 
of Purchaser set forth in this Agreement. 
(b) 
Failure by Seller to deliver the Aircraft in the condition required by this 
Agreement, the Warranty Bill of Sale or any other Closing documents required by this 
Agreement, or any other failure or refusal by Seller to perform any of its obligations under this 
Agreement, or any material misrepresentation by Seller pursuant to this Agreement, shall, upon 
the actual or offered performance by Purchaser of all of its obligations, and the failure by Seller 
to cure such failure within 7 days after Purchaser gives Seller notice of such failure, constitute a 
breach of this Agreement by Seller. The parties hereto expressly agree that in the event of such 
breach as a result of which the Closing does not take place, Purchaser shall be entitled to the 
immediate return of the Deposit, refund by Seller of any amounts received from Purchaser for 
ferry or test flights, and Seller's reimbursement of Purchaser for the reasonable out of pocket cost 
incurred by Purchaser in performing the Pre-Purchase Inspection, as Purchaser's sole and 
exclusive remedy, all other remedies in such event, including but not limited to incidental and 
consequential damages, being hereby WAIVED by Purchaser. Notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, in the event that Seller intentionally breaches this Agreement, Seller shall also pay to 
Buyer any transaction costs actually incurred by Buyer during the negotiation of the sale, 
EFTA00589598
--- PAGE 11 ---
Draft 
1-120-2012 
delivery and if applicable financing of the Aircraft (including without limitation reasonable 
attorney fees. The limitation of Purchaser's remedies as set forth in this Section 10(b) shall not be 
construed to limit or otherwise adversely affect Purchaser's post-closing remedies, should the 
Closing occur, for breach of Seller's Express Contract Warranties or the breach of any post-
closing obligations of Seller set forth in this Agreement. 
(c) 
If either party hereto commences a legal proceeding to enforce any of the 
terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party in such action shall also have the right to recover 
reasonable attorneys' fees and costs from the other party to be fixed by the court in the same 
action, notwithstanding the limitations in Sections 10(a) and 10(b) above. 
11. 
Performance, Force Majeure and Risk of Loss. 
(a) 
In the event that the Aircraft is destroyed or damaged prior to the Closing 
Date, this Agreement may be terminated in its entirety by either party without liability to the 
other party, except that the Deposit shall be promptly refunded to Purchaser. 
(b) 
Neither Seller nor Purchaser shall be responsible for any delay beyond the 
Closing Date due to any cause beyond its control, including but not limited to the following 
causes: civil wars, insurrections, strikes, riots, fires, floods, explosions, earthquakes, any act of 
government or governmental priorities, allocations, regulation, or orders affecting materials, act 
of God, or the public enemy, failure of transportation, epidemics, or labor trouble causing 
slowdown or interruption of work; provided that if such non-performance is reasonably 
estimated to extend or does extend beyond thirty (30) days, either party hereto may at its option 
terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other party, and the Deposit shall be returned 
to Buyer and the parties shall have no further obligation to one another hereunder except for its 
portion of the Escrow Fees., 
(c) 
Exclusive care, custody and control of the Aircraft and all risks of loss, 
damage or destruction to the Aircraft and any other property sold hereunder from any cause 
whatsoever, including but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, risks of damage to or 
loss or destruction of the Aircraft and liability to third parties for property damages, personal 
injury or death, shall pass to and be assumed by Purchaser upon the filing of the WarrarityFAA 
Bill of Sale with the FAA and delivery of the Aircraft to Purchaser in accordance with the 
provisions of this Agreement. Upon delivery of the Aircraft in accordance with the provisions of 
this Agreement, Purchaser shall assume and, effective as of the completion of the Closing, 
hereby assumes, all responsibility in connection with the Aircraft and all risks incident to 
ownership, maintenance, repair, use and modification thereof. 
EFTA00589599
--- PAGE 12 ---
Draft 
1-120.2012 
12. 
Other Matters. 
(a) 
PurehaserNeither party may net—assign this Agreement or any rights or 
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the otherSeller. Thisagreemen4-iney 
ebligatierni-hereunder, 
(b) 
Each party hereto agrees to execute and deliver such additional documents 
and take such further actions as may be reasonably requested by the other party to fully 
effectuate and carry out the purposes of this Agreement. 
(c) 
The provisions of this Agreement which by their terms are to be 
performed and observed after the Closing, and the several representations, warranties and 
agreements of the parties herein contained, shall survive the Closing. 
(d) 
This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties hereto 
and supersedes any and all prior agreements, arrangements and understandings relating to the 
subject matter hereof. No representation, promise, inducement or statement of intention has been 
made by either party which is not embodied in this Agreement, and neither party shall be bound 
by, or be liable for, any alleged representation, promise, inducement, or statement of intention 
not embodied herein. 
(e) 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and all 
such counterparts shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
(0 
No modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless 
it is in writing and signed by each of the parties hereto. 
(g) 
All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, except 
as may otherwise be provided herein, shall be deemed to be given when delivered personally, or 
mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or sent by 
facsimile or e-mail addressed to the other party for whom it is intended at the address set forth 
below, or to such other address as may hereafter be designated in writing by a party to the other 
party: 
If to Seller: 
Freedom Air International, Inc. 
103 Foulk Road, Suite 202 
Wilmington, DE 19803 
EFTA00589600
--- PAGE 13 ---
Draft 
1-120-2012 
Attention: Darren K. Indyke 
Fax: 212-517-7779 
Email: 
with a copy to: 
Darren K. Indyke 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, NY 10065 
Fax: 212-517-7779 
Email: 
If to Purchaser: 
Greenwich Aerogroup Brazil Leasing Inc. 
John F. Kohler 
Berkley Capital, LLC 
475 Steamboat Road 
Greenwich. CT 06830 
Email: 
with a copy to: 
John R. Copley 
Garofalo Goerlich Hainbach PC 
1200 New Hampshire Avenue. NW 
Washin on DC 20036 
Fax: 
Email: 
EFTA00589601
--- PAGE 14 ---
Draft 
1-120-2012 
(h) 
Any signatures on this Agreement may be transmitted via facsimile or e-
mail (including without limitation in .pdf format), which signatures shall be deemed originals for 
all purposes if transmitted in accordance with Section 12(g) above. 
(i) 
Neither any failure nor any delay on the part of either party hereto in 
exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial 
waiver or exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other future single or partial waiver or 
exercise of any right hereunder. 
(j) 
The descriptive headings of the several sections of this Agreement are 
inserted for convenience of reference only and do not constitute a part of this Agreement. 
(k) 
All terms, covenants and conditions contained herein are, and shall be, 
binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the respective parties hereto and their respective legal 
representatives, successors and permitted assigns. 
(1) 
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the 
laws of the State of Delaware, excluding its conflicts of laws rules, and, to the extent applicable, 
the laws of the United States of America. 
(m) 
If any clause, provision or section of this Agreement is found by any court 
of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever, such 
invalidity or unenforceability shall not in itself affect the remaining clauses, provisions and 
sections hereof, so long as the rights or obligations of the parties shall not be materially and 
adversely affected thereby. 
(n) 
All payments provided for in this Agreement are to be made in United 
States Dollars. 
(o) 
Purchaser and Seller each agree to indemnify and hold the other harmless in 
respect of any claims for brokerage fees, finders fees, agent's commissions or other similar 
payments or forms of compensation which may be made against the other party as a result of the 
other party's involvement in the purchase or sale of the Aircraft. Seller represents and warrants 
that the only person or entity with whom Seller has any such arrangement and for which Seller 
shall be solely responsible is Seller's agent, Aircraft Services Group Inc. Purchase represents and 
warrants that it has no such arrangement with any person or entity. 
(Signature 
Blocks 
Appear 
on 
Following 
Pages) 
EFTA00589602
--- PAGE 15 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to this Aircraft Purchase Agreement have 
caused it to be executed by their duly authorized representatives. 
SELLER:
FREEDOM AIR INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
PURCHASER:
GREENWICH AEROGROUP BRASIL 
LEASING, INC. 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
INSURED AIRCRAFT TITLE SERVICE, INC., hereby acknowledges receipt of the Deposit in 
the amount of $100,000.00 USD and an executed copy of this Aircraft Purchase Agreement, and 
agrees to hold and dispose of the Deposit and, if received by it, the Purchase Price Balance and 
to perform the other duties specified in the various provisions of this Agreement in accordance 
with said provisions, including without limitation the provisions of Sections 1.1, 5 and 6 hereof. 
Dated this 
day of January, 2012. 
INSURED AIRCRAFT TITLE SERVICE, INC. 
By: 
Name: Joan Roberts 
Title: 
Vice 
President 
EFTA00589603
--- PAGE 16 ---
EXHIBIT A 
DESCRIPTION OF AIRCRAFT 
Sikorsky S-76C (sometimes referred to as a S-76C+) 
Manufacturer's Serial No. 760472 
N162AD 
(SEE ATTACHED) 
EFTA00589604
--- PAGE 17 ---
1997 SIKORSKY S-76C+ 
(ALL TIMES ARE APPROXIMATE) 
N162AD-S/N 760472 
TOTAL TIME: (Times as of 9/1/11) 
TTAF: 6895 hrs. 
MAIN GEARBOX: 3183 hrs TSO 
LANDINGS: 14901 
ENGINES: (2) Turbomeca Arriel 2S1 Engines 
#1 
#2 
Serial Number: 
20040 
20533TEC 
NEW: 
5684 
2356 
CYCLES: 
N1:7240 
N1:8484 
N2:5782 
N2:8178 
AVIONICS: 
Honeywell Primus II (package) EFIS: Honeywell EDZ 756 
COMMUNICATIONS: (2) RCZ 850 NAVIGATION: (2) RNZ 850 FLIGHT 
CONTROL SYSTEM/AUTOPILOT: (2) Honeywell SPZ 7600 RADAR: 
Honeywell PRIMUS 700 TRANSPONDER: (2) RCZ 850 AUTOMATIC 
DIRECTION FINDER: RNZ 850 DISTANCE MEASURING 
EQUIPTMENT: RNZ 850 RADAR ALTIMETER: Honeywell AA-300 
GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM: UNS 1D FLIGHT MANAGEMENT 
SYSTEM: UNS 1 D TRAFFIC COLLISION AVOIDANCE SYSTEM: Bendix 
TCAS-1 CAS 66 TERRAIN AWARENESS AND WARNING SYSTEM: N/A 
ELT: Artex ELT-110-406HM 
STORMSCOPE: Honeywell LSZ-860 COCKPIT 
VOICE RECORDER: Universal CVR-30A 
EFTA00589605
--- PAGE 18 ---
1997 SIKORSKY S76C+ SPECIFICATIONS (
) 
ADDITIONAL AVIONICS: 
Dual 375 VA KGS static inverters Passenger Briefer HUCAB-2 ICG ICS 100 
Flight Phone with passenger handset and dialer and pilot's PTA-12 dialer BF 
Goodrich ADI 335D Standby ADI Dual Digital Clocks: Davtron 877 Keith 21,000 
BTU A/C System C4 Standby Altimeter/Airspeed Indicator 
OTHER ITEMS: 
Floats Cocoon Noise Reduction Upper 
And Lower Anti-Collision Light System 
Forward Facing Recognition Light 
System Pulse Light System Pilot 
Controlled Search Light Two Door 
Speakers Left and Right Cabin Boarding 
Steps Tail Rotor Pedal Lubrication Kit 
Engine and Gearbox Fuzz Burner Kit 
WEIGHTS: MAX TAKEOF WEIGHT: 
11,700 LBS. EMPTY WEIGHT: 8,257 LBS. 
INTERIOR DESCRIPTION: (Original Interior completed at Sikorsky, West 
Palm Beach, FL) 
This aircraft features the Cocoon Kit Noise Reduction Interior. The passenger 
compartment is configured for 6 passengers with a 3 place forward facing divan 
and 3 place aft facing divan. The passenger cabin features two credenzas, one 
forward and one aft. The passenger seats are medium blue leather and the 
woodwork is light oak veneer. The side walls are ivory color utlra-suede and the 
carpet is dark blue. 
EXTERIOR DESCRIPTION: (Painted at Keystone Helicopter in June 2004) 
The paint is Jet-Glo Overall White (#570-535) with Blue (#00412) and Yellow 
(#00160) accent stripes. 
EFTA00589606
--- PAGE 19 ---
1997 SIKORSKY S76C+ SPECIFICATIONS (
) 
HISTORY: 
One Fortune 100 Owner since new 
NOTES: 
-Aircraft was completed December 12, 1997 
-Power Train covered by Sikorsky PAP (Seller will cooperate with Purchaser to 
transfer coverage to Purchaser after Closing at Purchaser's expense) 
-Equipped with Emergency Floatation System 
-Maintenance Tracking by HeloTrac 
EFTA00589607
--- PAGE 20 ---
EXHIBIT A-1 
Loose Equipment 
Sikorsky S-76C (sometimes referred to as a S-76C+) 
Manufacturer's Serial No. 760472 
N162AD 
• 
Main rotor blade tie-downs (qty 4) 
• 
Left and right intermediate gearbox plugs 
• 
Left and right engine cowling air inlet plugs 
• 
Left and right engine exhaust plugs 
• 
Left and right engine inlet plugs 
• 
Left and right main landing gear door covers 
• 
Left and right horizontal stabilizer covers 
• 
Left and right side fuselage maintenance covers 
• 
Spare 
cabin 
carpet 
EFTA00589608
--- PAGE 21 ---
EXHIBIT B 
Sikorsky S-76C (sometimes referred to as a S-76C+) 
Manufacturer's Serial No. 760472 
N162AD 
Pursuant to the Aircraft Purchase Agreement dated January 
, 2012 (the "Agreement") 
between FREEDOM AIR INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Delaware corporation ("Seller"), and 
GREENWICH 
AEROGROUP 
BRAZIL 
LEASING, 
INC., 
a 
Delaware 
corporation 
("Purchaser"), Purchaser hereby confirms that Purchaser has completed its Pre-Purchase 
Inspection of the Aircraft in accordance with the Agreement on the date written below, and 
Purchaser has (check one): 
Accepted the Aircraft as is. A copy of the Inspection Report is attached to 
this Preliminary Acceptance Certificate. 
Accepted the Aircraft subject to Seller's repairing the discrepancies 
necessary for Seller to deliver the Aircraft to Purchaser in the condition required by Section 2 of 
the Agreement. Said discrepancies are itemized on the Inspection Report attached to this 
Preliminary Acceptance Certificate. 
Rejected the Aircraft. Such rejection is based on the results contained in 
the Inspection Report, a copy of which is attached to this Preliminary Acceptance Certificate. 
GREENWICH AEROGROUP BRAZIL LEASING, INC. 
By: 
Name: 
Title:  
Date: 
EFTA00589609
--- PAGE 22 ---
EXHIBIT C 
WARRANTY BILL OF SALE 
The undersigned, FREEDOM AIR INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Delaware 
corporation ("Seller") is the owner of the full legal and beneficial title in and to that certain used 
Sikorsky S-76C helicopter (sometimes referred to as a S-76C+) bearing Manufacturer's Serial 
No. 760472 and U.S. Registration No. N162AD, with two (2) Turbomeca Arriel 2S1 engines 
bearing Manufacturer's Serial Nos. 20040 and 20533TEC, together with all avionics, equipment 
(including loose equipment), systems, furnishings and accessories installed on, contained in or 
attached to said helicopter and engines, all as is more particularly described in Exhibit A and 
Exhibit A-1 attached to that certain Aircraft Purchase Agreement dated January 
, 2012 (the 
"Agreement") between Seller and GREENWICH AEROGROUP BRAZIL LEASING, INC., a 
Delaware corporation ("Purchaser"), to which this Exhibit C is attached, and also including all 
airframe, engine and accessory logbooks, flight and operation manuals, maintenance and overhaul 
records, and all other records and paperwork relating to the above-described helicopter and engines 
in Seller's possession (collectively, the "Aircraft"). 
For and in consideration of the sum of Ten Dollars ($10.00) and other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Seller 
does hereby grant, bargain, sell, convey, transfer and deliver unto Purchaser, all of Seller's right, 
title and interest in and to the Aircraft. 
Seller hereby warrants to Purchaser, its successors and assigns, that Seller is the 
lawful owner of the Aircraft and that there is hereby conveyed to Purchaser good and marketable 
title to the Aircraft, free and clear of any and all liens, claims and encumbrances whatsoever, and 
Seller will warrant and defend such title forever, at the sole expense of Seller, against all claims 
and demands whatsoever. EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTIES OF SELLER SET FORTH IN 
THE PRECEDING SENTENCE, THE AIRCRAFT IS HEREBY SOLD TO PURCHASER IN 
ITS "AS IS, WHERE IS" CONDITION AND "WITH ALL FAULTS." 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller has caused this Warranty Bill of Sale to be 
executed by its duly authorized officer, as of this 
day of 
, 2012. 
FREEDOM AIR INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
By: 
Name: 
Title:  
Date: 
EFTA00589610
--- PAGE 23 ---
EXHIBIT D 
DELIVERY RECEIPT 
Sikorsky S-76C (sometimes referred to as a S-76C+1 
Manufacturer's Serial No. 760472 
N162AD 
Pursuant to the Aircraft Purchase Agreement (the "Agreement") dated January 
2012 
(the "Agreement") between FREEDOM AIR INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Delaware corporation 
("Seller"), and GREENWICH AEROGROUP BRAZIL LEASING, INC., a Delaware 
corporation ("Purchaser"), Purchaser hereby acknowledges the delivery and acceptance of one 
used Sikorsky S-76C helicopter (sometimes referred to as a S-76C+) bearing Manufacturer's 
Serial No. 760472 and U.S. Registration No. N162AD, with two (2) Turbomeca Arriel 2S1 
engines bearing Manufacturer's Serial Nos. 20040 and 20533TEC, together with all avionics, 
equipment (including loose equipment), systems, furnishings and accessories installed on, 
contained in or attached to said helicopter and engines, all as is more particularly described in 
Exhibit A and Exhibit A-1 attached to the Agreement, and also including all airframe, engine and 
accessory logbooks, flight and operation manuals, maintenance and overhaul records, and all other 
records and paperwork relating to the above-described helicopter and engines in Seller's 
possession (collectively, the "Aircraft"). 
Purchaser accepts the Aircraft at 
on 
, 2012 in an 
"As Is, Where Is" condition and "With all Faults" at  
and subject to the waivers and disclaimers set forth in the Agreement. 
TOTAL TIME ON AIRFRAME AT DELIVERY: 
hours 
TOTAL TIME ON ENGINES AT DELIVERY: 
Engine No. 1 (MSN 20040):  
hours/cycles 
Engine No. 2 (MSN 20533TEC): 
hours/cycles 
TOTAL LANDINGS AT DELIVERY: 
GREENWICH AEROGROUP BRAZIL 
LEASING, INC. 
By: 
Name: 
Title:  
Date:  
(Acknowledgement on the Following Page) 
EFTA00589611
--- PAGE 24 ---
STATE OF DELAWARE 
) 
) ss: 
COUNTY OF 
) 
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 
day of 
, 2012 by 
,  
 (TITLE) of GREENWICH AEROGROUP BRAZIL 
LEASING, INC., a Delaware corporation, on behalf of said corporation. 
NOTARY PUBLIC, STATE OF DELAWARE 
EFTA00589612

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589613.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589613.pdf
----------------------------------------
JANE DOE 43, 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and LESLEY 
GROFF, 
Defendants. 
CASE NO. 17 Civ 616 (.1CK) 
JOINT RULE 26(0 REPORT 
Complaint filed: January 26, 2017 
Hon. John G. Koeltl
Plaintiff, Doe 43, and Defendants, Jeffrey Epstein and Lesley Groff, through 
their respective undersigned counsel, and pursuant to Rule 26(f) and Rule 16(b) of 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and this Court's Order, conferred on March 
24, 2017 and file their Joint Rule 26(f) Report and Discovery Plan. 
1. Joint rule 26(f) report 
a. 
Rule 26(f)(2) - Synopsis, nature and basis of claims/defenses: 
Plaintiff's Statement 
Plaintiff alleges that between September 2006 and April 2007, Defendants 
committed tortious violations of 18 USC §1595, by knowingly recruiting, enticing, 
harboring, transporting, soliciting, threatening, forcing or coercing Plaintiff to 
engage in commercial sex acts. Plaintiff contends that Defendants' actions were 
undertaken with knowledge or reckless disregard for the fact that their threats of 
force, fraud, coercion, and combinations of such means would be used, and were in 
fact used, in order to cause Plaintiff to engage in commercial sex acts, in violation 
of 18 USC §1591 through *1594 and are actionable civilly pursuant to 18 USC 
§1595. 
Defendant's Statement 
EFTA00589613
--- PAGE 2 ---
b. 
Possibilities for Prompt Settleent: 
The parties have conferred and agree there is not a likelihood for 
prompt settlement. 
c. 
Timing of Rule 26(a)(1) disclosures: 
Pursuant to Rule 26(0(2), disclosures are due within 14 days of the 
26(f) conference (April 7, 2017); however the parties have agreed to 
exchange 26(a)(1) disclosures April 21, 2017. 
d. 
Preservation of Evidence —
Plaintiff requests Defendants preserve all documentation or 
electronically stored or transmitted information that in any way relates 
to Plaintiff, or to Defendants' properties or aircraft or employees. 
Rule 26(0(3) Discovery Plan & Experts 
(A)The parties propose an extension of two weeks to exchange Rule 26(a) 
disclosures. Initial disclosures will be made by April 21, 2017. 
(B)Discovery will be taken on at least the following subjects: whether 
Plaintiff communicated with Defendants and if so the extent and specifics 
of that communication; whether and to what extent Plaintiff and 
Defendants interacted as alleged in the complaint; Defendants purpose for 
communicating or interacting with Plaintiff; the relationship, if any, 
between Defendants and any others relevant to prove allegations in the 
complaint; motive and common scheme or plan of Defendants and all 
issues related to compensatory and punitive damages. Discovery should 
be completed by September 22, 2017. There is no need for discovery to 
be conducted in phases. 
(C)The parties shall maintain and not alter or destroy any electronically 
stored information, and shall disclose if any requested electronically 
stored information has in the past been destroyed. 
EFTA00589614
--- PAGE 3 ---
Dated: March 24, 2017 
(D)There are no anticipated accommodations necessary regarding protections 
of privileged and trial preparation materials. 
As documents and 
information are exchanged the parties will discuss any necessary 
confidential materials in need of protection and attempt to reach 
agreement before involving the Court. 
(E)Due to the nature of the claim, the Plaintiff has proceeded anonymously 
through a pseudonym. It is anticipated that other non-parties will be 
called to testify about observations made regarding the activities in 
question; to the extent those anticipated witnesses were themselves 
alleged to have been victims similarly situated to Plaintiff, the parties 
request the identities of those persons be maintained confidentially and 
not publicly disclosed. 
(F) There are no other requested orders to be issued at this time. 
Respectfully submitted, 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
By /s/ Brad Edwards 
Brad Edwards 
Attorney for Plaintiff 
Jane Doe 43 
Dated: 
STEPTOE & JOHNSON 
By Lil 
Michael Miller 
Attorneys for Defendants 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN§ & LESLEY GROFF 
EFTA00589615
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00589616

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589617.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589617.pdf
----------------------------------------
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
Appellant, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Appellee. 
FOURTH DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 4D14-2282 
L.T. Case No.: 502009CA040800 
I 
ANSWER BRIEF OF APPELLEE JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
TONJA HADDAD COLEMAN, ESQ. 
Florida Bar No.: 176737 
TONJA HADDAD, PA 
315 SE 7th Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
(954) 467-1223 
337-3716 facsimile) 
JOHN BERANEK 
Fla. Bar No.: 0005419 
AUSLEY & MCMULLEN, P.A. 
123 South Calhoun Street 
P.O. Box 391 (zip 32302) 
Tallahassee, FL 32301 
Telephone: (850) 224-9115 
Facsimile: 850 222-7560 
EFTA00589617
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
TABLE OF CITATIONS 
ii 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
I 
STATEMENT REGARDING ORAL ARGUMENT 
STANDARD OF REVIEW 
STATEMENT OF THE CASE AND FACTS 
SUMMARY OF THE ARGUMENT 
ARGUMENT 
THE TRIAL COURT CORRECTLY GRANTED SUMMARY 
JUDGMENT, AS THE LITIGATION PRIVILEGE IS A BAR TO 
APPELLANT'S CLAIM BASED ON MALICIOUS 
PROSECUTION. 
CONCLUSION 
CERTIFICATE OF TYPE SIZE AND STYLE 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
i 
EFTA00589618
--- PAGE 3 ---
TABLE OF CITATIONS 
Cases 
American Federated Title Corp. v. Greenberg Trauig, 
125 So. 3d 309 (Fla. 3d DCA 2013) 
American Nat. Title & Escrow of Florida, Inc. v. Guarantee Title & Trust, Co., 
748 So. 2d 1054 (Fla. 4th DCA 1999) 
DelMonico v. Traynor, 
116 So. 3d 1205 (Fla. 2013) 
2, 10, 18, 19 
Echevarria, McCalla, Raymer, Barrett & Frappier v. Cole, 
950 So. 2d 380 (Fla. 2007) 
passim 
Fridovich v. Fridovich, 
598 So. 2d 65 (FIa. 1992) 
13, 17, 22 
Graham-Eckes Palm Beach Academy v. Johnson, 
573 So. 2d 1007 (Fla. 4th DCA 1991) 
Jackson v. Attorney's Title Insurance Fund, 
132 So. 3d 1191 (Fla. 3d DCA 2014) 
Jackson v. BellSouth Telecomms., 
372 F.3d 1250 (11th Cir. 2004) 
LaFrance v. U.S. Bank National Association, 
141 So. 3d 754 (Fla. 4th DCA 2014) 
LatAm Invests., LLC v. Holland & Knight, LLP, 
So. 3d 240 (FIa. 3d DCA 2011) 
Levin, Middlebrooks, Moves & Mitchell, 
v. U.S. Fire Ins. Co., 
639 So. 2d 606 (Fla. 1994) 
passim 
McCullough v. Kubiak, 
4DI3-4048 (Feb. 18, 2015) 
9, 10 
Microbilt Corporation v. Chex Systems, Inc., 
2013 WL 6628619 (Dec. 16, 2013) 
Montejo v. Martin Memorial Medical Center, Inc., 
935 So. 2d 1266 (Fla. 4th DCA 2006) 
ii 
EFTA00589619
--- PAGE 4 ---
Olson v. Johnson, 
961 So. 2d 356 (Fla. 2d DCA 2007) 
17, 22 
Pardo v. State, 
596 So. 2d 665 (Fla. 1996) 
Procacci v. Zacco, 
402 So. 2d 425 (Fla. 4th DCA 1981) 
R.H. Ciccone Properties, Inc. v. JP Morgan Chase Bank, 
141 So. 3d 590 (Fla. 4th DCA 2014) 
Rivernider v. Meyer, 
Case Number 4D14-819 
SCI Funeral Services of Florida, Inc. v. Henry, 
839 So. 2d 702 (Fla. 3d DCA 2002) 
Steinberg v. Steinberg, 
152 So. 3d 572 (Fla. 1st DCA 2014) 
6, 9 
Valdes v. GAB Robins, 
924 So. 2d 862 (Fla. 3d DCA 2006) 
Volusia County v. Aberdeen at Ormond Beach, M., 
760 So. 2d 126 (Fla. 2000) 
Wolfe v. Foreman, 
128 So. 3d 67 (FIa. 3d DCA 2013) 
passim 
Wright v. Yurko, 
446 So. 2d 1162 (Fla. 5th DCA 1984) 
19, 20, 21 
iii 
EFTA00589620
--- PAGE 5 ---
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
This matter arises from the Appellant, Bradley Edwards's appeal of the trial 
court's final Order granting Appellee's Motion for Summary Judgment. In this 
brief, the parties will be referred to as they appear before this Court or by the 
party's proper name. References to the Record will be made by the use of (T. 
), which is the transcript of the Summary Judgment Hearing, and (R.  
), 
which is the record proper. The denotation to the record will be followed by the 
page number where the item to which Appellee is referring may be found. 
References to the Appellant's Brief will be denoted by (Br. 
) and followed by 
the page number to which Appellee is citing. Emphasis will be that of Appellee 
unless otherwise noted. 
EFTA00589621
--- PAGE 6 ---
STATEMENT REGARDING ORAL ARGUMENT 
Appellee respectfully requests that this Court permit oral argument in this 
matter. The issue presented by this appeal; whether the litigation privilege 
absolutely bars a claim for malicious prosecution when all of the actions upon 
which the Plaintiff relies in support of his lawsuit occurred during the course of 
litigation and relate directly to the litigation, is such that oral argument would be of 
crucial importance on this issue. 
STANDARD OF REVIEW 
In reviewing an order granting final summary judgment by the trial court, 
this Court must apply the de novo standard of review. DelMonico v. Traynor, 116 
So. 3d 1205 (Fla. 2013); Volusia County v. Aberdeen at Ormond Beach, M., 760 
So. 2d 126, 130 (Fla. 2000); LaFrance v. U.S. Bank National Association, 141 So. 
3d 754 (Fla. 4th DCA 2014). The trial court's finding that the litigation privilege 
applies to malicious prosecution claims, as well as its finding that the litigation 
privilege was applicable specifically to Edwards's claims for malicious prosecution 
and abuse of process against Epstein, constituted issues of law. DelMonico, 116 
So. 3d at 1211 (stating the determination of whether the litigation privilege extends 
to the alleged tortious conduct is "a pure question of law."); Wolfe v. Foreman, 128 
So. 3d 67, 68 (Fla. 3d DCA 2013) (affirming the determination that the litigation 
EFTA00589622
--- PAGE 7 ---
privilege applied to plaintiff's malicious prosecution case on a motion for 
judgment on the pleadings); LatAm Invests., LLC v. Holland & Knight, LLP, 88 So. 
3d 240, 243 (Fla. 3d DCA 2011) (affirming the finding that the litigation privilege 
applied to plaintiff's abuse of process claim on a motion to dismiss), rev. denied, 
So. 3d 414 (Fla. 2012). 
STATEMENT OF THE CASE AND FACTS 
In December 2009, Appellee, Jeffrey Epstein, filed suit against Scott 
Rothstein ("Rothstein") and Appellant, Bradley J. Edwards, based upon Epstein's 
justifiable belief at the time of filing his Complaint that these two individuals, and 
other unknown partners of theirs at Rothstein, Rosenfeldt, Adler, engaged in 
serious misconduct involving a widely publicized illegal Ponzi scheme operated 
through their law firm. Rothstein himself admitted to, and was convicted for, this 
Ponzi scheme, part of which featured the use of civil cases that had been filed 
against Epstein by Appellant, Rothstein's law partner. 
In response to Epstein's original lawsuit, Edwards filed a Counterclaim, and 
after a series of dismissals and four (4) revisions, Edwards stated two causes of 
action against Epstein; Abuse of Process and Malicious Prosecution. Epstein 
denied liability as to those claims and asserted various affirmative defenses thereto, 
including the immunity afforded to Epstein for both causes of action under the 
EFTA00589623
--- PAGE 8 ---
litigation privilege. In September 2013, Epstein filed his Motion for Summary 
Judgment, asserting therein, among other arguments, that both causes of action 
were barred by the litigation privilege. The trial court, after allowing the parties to 
fully brief the issues and present an exhaustive and extensive oral argument, 
granted Summary Judgment in favor of Appellee, relying upon the facts as 
presented by the parties, the binding case Wolfe v. Foreman, 128 So. 3d 67 (Fla. 3d 
DCA 2013), and all of the Florida Supreme Court cases cited thereby. 
Both in his Motion for Summary Judgment and at oral argument on the 
Motion Appellee argued, and Edwards conceded, that Edwards's cause of action 
for Malicious Prosecution was based solely upon acts that occurred during the 
course of the litigation. (R. 1203). Edwards's Fourth Amended Counterclaim and 
his discovery responses to questions directly germane to his causes of action 
incontrovertibly revealed that both of Edwards's causes of action were barred by 
the litigation privilege, as all of the actions purported to give rise to Edwards's 
causes of action occurred during the course of, and were related to, the litigation. 
The trial court, applying the litigation privilege to Appellant's causes of 
action, correctly determined that the litigation privilege absolutely barred both 
causes of action. As stated in Wolfe v. Foreman, 128 So. 3d 67 (Fla. 3d DCA 
2013), and the binding Florida Supreme Court cases cited therein, Florida's 
EFTA00589624
--- PAGE 9 ---
litigation privilege provides to all persons involved in judicial proceedings a 
privilege from civil liability for actions taken in relation to those proceedings, 
including in an action for abuse of process or malicious prosecution. Id. In reliance 
upon these cases and the facts presented, the trial court granted Summary 
Judgment in Epstein's favor. 
SUMMARY OF THE ARGUMENT 
The solitary issue before this Court is whether the litigation privilege applies 
to a cause of action for malicious prosecution when all acts upon which Appellant 
relies in support of his cause of action occurred during the course of litigation and 
related directly to the litigation. Under well-established Florida Supreme Court 
precedent, the litigation privilege applies to all causes of action. See Echevarria, 
McCalla, Raymer, Barrett & Frappier v. Cole, 950 So. 2d 380 (Fla. 2007); Levin, 
Middlebrooks, Moves & Mitchell, M. v. U.S. Fire Ins. Co., 639 So. 2d 606 (Fla. 
1994). Additionally, the Third District Court of Appeal in Wolfe v. Foreman, 128 
So. 3d 67 (Fla. 3d DCA 2013), concluded that the litigation privilege applies to a 
cause of action for malicious prosecution. Appellant seeks reversal of the final 
Summary Judgment as to his Malicious Prosecution claim, erroneously arguing 
that the litigation privilege does not apply to a cause of action for malicious 
prosecution, and that Wolfe is in conflict with pre-existing law on this issue. See 
EFTA00589625
--- PAGE 10 ---
Brief, p. 6. Appellant does, however, concede that Summary Judgment was proper 
as to his Abuse of Process claim, see Brief, p. 10, n.2, and that there are no 
disputed issues of fact presented. Brief, p. 10. 
Appellee submits that the trial court's Order granting his Motion for 
Summary Judgment was proper, as the binding decisions by the Florida Supreme 
Court in Echevarria, McCalla, Raymer, Barrett & Frappier v. Cole, 950 So. 2d 
380 (Fla. 2007) and Levin, Middlebrooks, Moves & Mitchell, M. v. U.S. Fire Ins. 
Co., 639 So. 2d 606 (Fla. 1994), the decision by the Third District Court of Appeal 
in Wolfe v. Foreman, 128 So. 3d 67 (Fla. 3d DCA 2013), and the recent per curiam 
affirmance by the First District Court of Appeal in Steinberg v. Steinberg, 152 So. 
3d 572 (Fla. 1st DCA 2014), all mandate the trial court's ruling. Edwards has not 
identified a single Florida case decided after either the Wolfe decision or the 
Florida Supreme Court cases upon which the Wolfe court relied in rendering its 
ruling that establishes that the trial court erred. Accordingly, Summary Judgment 
was proper. 
EFTA00589626
--- PAGE 11 ---
ARGUMENT 
THE TRIAL COURT CORRECTLY GRANTED SUMMARY 
JUDGMENT, AS THE LITIGATION PRIVILEGE IS A BAR 
TO APPELLANT'S CLAIM 
BASED 
ON 
MALICIOUS 
PROSECUTION. 
The trial court properly ruled that Summary Judgment was warranted in this 
case. The undisputed facts, as presented both through Appellee's Motion for 
Summary Judgment and at oral argument on his Motion, coupled with the law 
germane to the issues in this matter, established that the litigation privilege 
absolutely barred both of Edwards's causes of action, mandating that Summary 
Judgment be granted'. Wolfe v. Foreman, 128 So. 3d 67 (Fla. 3d DCA 2013); 
Echevarria, McCalla, Raymer, Barrett & Frappier v. Cole, 950 So. 2d 380 (Fla. 
2007); Levin, Middlebrooks, Moves & Mitchell, 
v. U.S. Fire Ins. Co., 639 So. 
2d 606 (Fla. 1994). In his Brief, Edwards wholly disregards the incontrovertible 
fact that his own pleadings and discovery responses undeniably establish that all of 
In addition, Appellee argued in his Summary Judgment motion that Appellant 
could not satisfy all of the elements of a Malicious Prosecution claim, including 
that the suit by Appellee against Appellant resulted in a bona-fide termination in 
favor of Appellant. Appellee took a voluntary dismissal without prejudice, which 
does not constitute a bona-fide termination, one of the six essential elements of a 
malicious prosecution claim. See Valdes v. GAB Robins, 924 So. 2d 862 (Fla. 3d 
DCA 2006). Appellant neither addresses nor submits argument as to Appellee's 
assertion, so this is not addressed in this Answer Brief. Rather, Appellee reasserts 
all argument as delineated in his original Motion for Summary Judgment and relies 
thereupon. 
EFTA00589627
--- PAGE 12 ---
the actions about which he complains in his lawsuit occurred solely during the 
course of, and related directly to, the litigation, rendering them absolutely 
protected by the litigation privilege. As unequivocally stated in the decision of 
Wolfe v. Foreman, 128 So. 3d 67 (Fla. 3d DCA 2013), and the Florida Supreme 
Court cases cited therein, Florida's litigation privilege provides to all persons 
involved in judicial proceedings an absolute privilege from civil liability for 
actions taken in relation to those proceedings, including in an action for abuse of 
process or malicious prosecution. Id. The Florida Supreme Court explained the 
following policy reasons for the litigation privilege: 
In balancing policy considerations, we find that absolute immunity 
must be afforded to any act occurring during the course of a 
judicial proceeding, regardless of whether the act involves a 
defamatory statement or other tortious behavior such as the 
alleged misconduct at issue, so long as the act has some relation to 
the proceeding. 
Levin, Middlebrooks, Moves & Mitchell, 
v. U.S. Fire Ins. Co., 639 So. 2d 606, 
608 (Fla. 1994) (emphasis added). Undeniably, a malicious prosecution claim is 
considered "other tortious behavior" as described by the Florida Supreme Court in 
Levin. 
PcculiarlyCuriously, 
Appellant 
mischaracterizes 
the 
Wolfe 
court's 
application of the litigation privilege to a malicious prosecution claim as novel, 
stating in the first paragraph of his Summary of Argument that "there is apparently 
EFTA00589628
--- PAGE 13 ---
no other decision in the country that reaches the conclusion that the majority did in 
Wolfe." See Brief, p.8. However, in the case of Steinberg v. Steinberg, 152 So. 3d 
572 (Fla. 1st DCA 2014), after considering the appellant's identical challenges to 
Wolfe, the First District Court of Appeal issued a per curiam affirmance of the trial 
court's application of the litigation privilege to defeat a malicious prosecution 
claim. Appellant was undoubtedly aware of the Steinberg decision, as it was 
Appellant's counsel who not only represented the Appellant in Steinberg, but also 
filed his own initial brief from the Steinberg case in the instant case  as a 
Supplementary Submission in Support of Edwards's Motion for Reconsideration of 
the Trial Court's announced intention of granting Summary Judgment, and in that 
submission adopted -adapting-"all legal arguments contained within the attached 
appellate brief." (R. 798). Thus Edwards made the Steinberg argument a part of 
this case. 
Further, this Court's recent opinion in McCullough v. Kubiak, 4D13-4048 
(Feb. 18, 2015) is instructive. In McCullough, this Court approved the trial court's 
dismissal of causes of action for both defamation and negligence based upon the 
litigation privilege. Id. In so doing, this Court examined the litigation privilege 
and conducted an analysis of the seminal cases upon which Appellee relies in 
support of his assertion that the trial court's ruling was proper; Levin, 
EFTA00589629
--- PAGE 14 ---
Middlebrooks, Mabie, Thomas, Mayes & Mitchell, M. v. United States Fire Ins. 
Co., 639 So. 2d 606, 608 (Fla. 1994) and Echevarria, McCalla, Raymer, Barrett & 
Frappier v. Cole, 950 So. 2d 380, 384 (Fla. 2007), and correctly recognized and 
applied the litigation privilege. Id. 
This Court continued its analysis, distinguishing DelMonico v. Traynor, 116 
So. 3d 1205 (Fla. 2013), a case upon which Appellant relies in support of his 
argument that the trial court erred. This Court emphasized the "narrow scenario" 
that existed in DelMonico (i.e., out of court statements to potential witnesses where 
neither all parties nor the court were present)„ and stated that it did not exist in 
McCollough;-eut-of -Gthift-statements-te-petentia4-witnesses-ssthere-neither-all-parties 
nor the court were present. Id. at 1209. That "narrow scenario" is likewise absent 
in the instant case, and as such this Court should affirm the trial court's Order.2
Edwards's Brief endeavors to argue that Wolfe conflicts with pre-existing 
case law on this issue, providing a history of the litigation privilege and citing to 
cases that purportedly state that the litigation privilege is inapposite to a cause of 
action for malicious prosecution. 
However, all of the cases cited were, 
incontrovertibly, decided before the Wolfe decision, and most of them before Levin 
Rivernider v. Meyer, Case Number 4D14-819 is another trial court decision 
applying the litigation privilege to a malicious prosecution claim. This decision is 
on appeal to this Court and is set for Oral Argument on April 28, 2015. 
EFTA00589630
--- PAGE 15 ---
and Echevarria. See Brief, pp. 11-26. Wolfe is directly on point with the facts and 
law presented in the case at hand, and conducts a detailed analysis of the seminal 
Florida Supreme Court cases germane to the issues. In Wolfe, the Third District 
Court of Appeal affirmed the trial court's order granting a motion for judgment on 
the pleadings in an abuse of process and malicious prosecution action, finding that 
the litigation privilege applied to, and barred, both causes of action. Id. (emphasis 
added). The court's focus was on whether the acts alleged "occurr[ed] during the 
course of a judicial proceeding" and had "some relation to the proceeding." Id. at 
(citing Levin, 639 So. 2d at 608). Likewise, in conducting its analysis of the 
cause of action for malicious prosecution, which, just as with the instant case, was 
based on the filing of a complaint, the Wolfe court stated that it is: 
guided and restrained by the broad language and application of the 
privilege articulated by the Florida Supreme Court in Levin and 
Echevarria. In Levin, the Florida Supreme Court held that absolute 
immunity must be afforded to any act occurring during the course of a 
judicial proceeding . . . so long as the act has some relation to the 
proceeding." Levin, 639 So. 2d at 608. In Echevarria, the Court 
reiterated its broad application of privilege "applies in all causes of 
action, statutory as well as common law." Echevarria, 950 So. 2d at 
380-81. 
Id. at 68. The Wolfe court continued, unequivocally stating that: 
It is difficult to imagine any act that would fit more firmly within the 
parameters of Levin and Echevarria than the actual filing of a 
complaint. The filing of a complaint, which initiates the judicial 
EFTA00589631
--- PAGE 16 ---
proceedings, obviously "occurs during the course of a judicial 
proceeding" and "relates to the proceeding . .. 
Because the Florida Supreme Court has clearly and unambiguously 
stated, not once, but twice, that the litigation privilege applies to all 
causes of actions, and specifically articulated that its rationale for 
applying the privilege so broadly was to permit the participants to 
be "free to use their best judgment in prosecuting or defending a 
lawsuit without fear of having to defend their actions in a 
subsequent civil action for misconduct," we are obligated to 
conclude that the act complained of here -- the filing of the 
complaint — is protected by the litigation privilege. 
Wolfe v. Foreman, 128 So. 3d 67, 68 (Fla. 3d DCA 2013) (emphasis added). 
Additionally, the Wolfe decision was recently cited with approval and relied upon 
in Jackson v. Attorney's Title Insurance Fund, 132 So. 3d 1191 (Fla. 3d DCA 
2014) and American Federated Title Corp. v. Greenberg Trauig,.., 125 So. 3d 
309 (Fla. 3d DCA 2013) in matters involving the litigation privilege. In the instant 
case, the trial court was legally bound by the Third District Court of Appeal's 
decision in Wolfe, as the Florida Supreme Court stated unequivocally that a "trial 
court may not overrule or recede from the controlling decision of" an appellate 
court. Pardo v. State, 596 So. 2d 665 (Fla. 1996). 
Just as in Wolfe, all of the actions upon which Appellant relied in his lawsuit 
against Appellee occurred during the course of, and were directly related to, the 
litigation. At the Summary Judgment hearing, the following colloquy occurred: 
THE COURT: Anything outside of the judicial proceeding as 
potentially or allegedly obnoxious? And as Mr. King brought out 
EFTA00589632
--- PAGE 17 ---
earlier the allegations being horrifying, egregious, no matter how you 
might identify those allegations that were quickly withdrawn, 
anything that you're aware of that went on outside of the judicial 
process that is being alleged here? 
MR. BREWER: Not that is being alleged here, Your Honor, no. 
THE COURT: Mr. King, anything that's being alleged here that goes 
outside of the broad spectrum that I have read into the record that has 
its genesis in Echevarria and was quoted by the Wolfe Third District 
Court of Appeal opinion? 
MR. KING: There's nothing alleged. 
(T. 53-54). Accordingly, as explicitly stated in Edwards's own pleadings and 
discovery responses, and as conceded by Edwards's counsel at oral argument, the 
events giving rise to Edwards's purported claims against Epstein occurred solely in 
the course of, and were related to, the litigation, just as occurred in the Wolfe case, 
mandating Summary Judgment. Wolfe v. Foreman, 128 So. 3d 67 (Fla. 3d DCA 
2013); American Nat. Title & Escrow of Florida, Inc. v. Guarantee Title & Trust, 
Co., 748 So. 2d 1054, 1056 (Fla. 4th DCA 1999). See also Montejo v. Martin 
Memorial Medical Center, Inc., 935 So. 2d 1266, 1269 (Fla. 4th DCA 2006); 
Fridovich v. Fridovich, 598 So. 2d 65 (Fla. 1992) (stating that the litigation 
privilege "arises immediately upon the doing of any act required or permitted by 
law in the due course of the judicial proceedings or as necessarily preliminary 
thereto."). 
EFTA00589633
--- PAGE 18 ---
Moreover, the Federal courts, in applying Florida's litigation privilege, have 
recognized that it has been "expansively interpreted" by Florida courts. In 
Microbilt Corporation v. Cher Systems, Inc., 2013 WL 6628619 (Dec. 16, 2013), 
the Bankruptcy Court, applying Florida law, avowed: 
The rule of absolute immunity extends to the parties, judges, 
witnesses, and counsel involved and related to the judicial 
proceedings. DelMonico v. Traynor, 50 So.3d 4, 7 (Fla. Dist. Ct. App. 
2010). 
The Florida Supreme Court found that absolute litigation immunity 
was designed to allow a party to `prosecut[e] or defend[] a lawsuit 
without fear of having to defend their actions in a subsequent civil 
action for misconduct.' Echevarria, McCalla, Raymer, Barrett & 
Frappier v. Cole, 950 So.2d 380, 384 (Fla. 2007); see also Levin, 639 
So.2d at 608 C[A]bsolute immunity must be afforded to any act 
occurring during the course of a judicial proceeding [...], so long as 
that conduct has some relations to the proceeding.'). To this end, 
Florida courts have expansively interpreted the `relates to' 
requirement. See Rolex Watch U.S.A. Inc. v. Rainbow Jewelry, Inc., 
2012 WL 4138028 M. Fla. Sept. 19, 2012) (`[t]he decision to file a 
lawsuit clearly relates to a judicial proceeding'); DelMonico v. 
Traynor, 116 So.3d 1205, 1217, 1219 (Fla. 2013) (privilege applies 
when statements or actions occur `either in front of a judicial officer 
or in pleading or documents filed with the court or quasi-judicial 
body'). 
Id. at *2. See also Jackson v. BellSouth Telecomms., 372 F.3d 1250, 1276 (1 1 th 
Cir. 2004). 
In its Order on Appellee's Motion for Summary Judgment, the trial court 
also correctly determined that "the cases cited by Edwards [in his opposition to 
Summary Judgment] involved malicious prosecution claims stemming from 
EFTA00589634
--- PAGE 19 ---
actions filed by the party themselves [sic], not counsel. In the instant case, it was 
conceded that all filings were done by an attorney in good standing with the 
Florida Bar, rather than by an individual party." See Trial Court Order granting 
Summary Judgment. (R. 1202-1205). The law is clear that the Wolfe holding 
protects both the firm that filed suit and the individual plaintiff, as it unequivocally 
states that "the Florida Supreme Court has clearly and unambiguously stated, not 
once, but twice, that the litigation privilege applies to all causes of actions, and 
specifically articulated that its rationale for applying the privilege so broadly was 
to permit the participants to be `free to use their best judgment in prosecuting or 
defending a lawsuit without fear of having to defend their actions in a subsequent 
civil action for misconduct?" Wolfe v. Foreman, 28 So. 3d 67 (Fla. 3d DCA 
2013). See also Levin, 639 So. 2d at 608 ("[t]he immunity afforded to statements 
made during the course of a judicial proceeding extends not only to the parties, but 
to judges, witnesses and counsel as well.") In fact, in R.H. Ciccone Properties, 
Inc. v. JP Morgan Chase Bank, M., 141 So. 3d 590 (Fla. 4th DCA 2014), this 
Ceourt correctly recognized that "It]he purpose of the litigation privilege is to 
`free [participants in litigation] to use their best judgment in prosecuting or 
defending a lawsuit without fear of having to defend their actions in a subsequent 
civil action for misconduct!" Id. at 593 (quoting Levin, 639 So. 2d at 608). 
EFTA00589635
--- PAGE 20 ---
Appellant correctly acknowledges that in Echevarria, Mc Calla, Raymer, 
Barrett & Frappier v. Cole, 950 So. 2d 380 (Fla. 2007) the Florida Supreme Court 
not only reaffirmed the Levin decision but also expanded it to include "any act 
occurring during the course of judicial proceeding, regardless of whether the act 
involves a defamatory statement or other tortious conduct ... so long as the act has 
some relation to the proceeding," finding that the policy considerations were the 
"perceived necessity for candid and unrestrained communications in judicial 
proceedings." 
Echevarria, 950 So. 2d at 384; Brief, p. 15. Echevarria 
unequivocally recognized that "Levin plainly establishes that title rationale 
behind the immunity afforded to a defamatory statement is equally applicable to 
other misconduct occurring during the course of a judicial proceeding," and that 
"the nature of the underlying dispute simply does not matter." Id. at 384. The 
Echevarria court concluded by avowing that "[t]he litigation privilege applies 
across the board to actions in Florida." Id. at 384 (emphasis added). 
Lacking any relevant precedent to refute the broad expansion of the 
litigation privilege expressly demanded by Echevarria or the application of the 
litigation privilege to malicious prosecution claims as required by Wolfe, Appellant 
asks this Court to ignore Echevarria and Wolfe, urging that application of the 
litigation privilege to a malicious prosecution claim would completely eviscerate 
EFTA00589636
--- PAGE 21 ---
the cause of action for malicious prosecution. However, that very same argument 
was flatly rejected in both Wolfe and Steinberg. The Wolfe decision, as well as the 
Levin and Echevarda decisions, merely hold that "absolute immunity must be 
afforded to any act occurring during the course of a judicial proceeding, regardless 
of whether the act involves a defamatory statement or other tortious behavior such 
as the alleged misconduct at issue, so long as the act has some relation to the 
proceeding." Levin, Middlebrooks, Moves & Mitchell, M. v. U.S. Fire Ins. Co., 
639 So. 2d 606, 608 (Fla. 1994). As a result, if a party seeks to bring a cause of 
action involving acts that neither occurred during, nor had relation to, the judicial 
proceeding, a cause of action sounding in malicious prosecution may still be 
viable. See Fridovich v. Fridovich, 598 So. 2d 65 (Fla. 1992); Olson v. Johnson, 
961 So. 2d 356 (Fla. 2d DCA 2007). 
Moreover, the Florida Supreme Court judiciously pointed out in Levin that 
"other tortious conduct during litigation" is still subject to available remedies even 
though it may be privileged. The Supreme Court held that misconduct by counsel 
or parties during litigation is "left to the discipline of the courts, the Bar 
association, and the state." Id. at 608 (emphasis added). As such, contrary to 
Appellant's assertion, there is neither an absolute bar to all malicious prosecution 
actions nor an evisceration of adequate legal remedies created by the Wolfe case 
EFTA00589637
--- PAGE 22 ---
and its progeny. Rather, these cases only extend a well-established privilege "to 
any act occurring during the course of a judicial proceeding, regardless of whether 
the act involves a defamatory statement or other tortious behavior such as the 
alleged misconduct at issue, so long as the act has some relation to the 
proceeding." Levin, Middlebrooks, Moves & Mitchell, M. v. U.S. Fire Ins. Co., 
639 So. 2d 606, 608 (Fla. 1994). See also Echevarria, 950 So. 2d at 384; Wolfe v. 
Foreman, 28 So. 3d 67, 68 (Fla. 3d DCA 2013). Consequently, based on the 
undeniable holdings in Wolfe and the cases cited therein, Epstein's actions were 
absolutely protected by the litigation privilege and Summary Judgment was 
properly granted. 
Additionally, Appellant attempts to support his position by referencing the 
most recent Florida Supreme Court decision applying litigation privilege, 
DelMonico v. Traynor, 116 So. 3d 1205 (Fla. 2013), which held that statements 
made outside of the formal judicial process are not protected by the absolute 
litigation privilege, but rather enjoy a qualified privilege. Id. at 1217. The 
DelMonico Court's ruling, however, does not limit the Levin and Echevarria 
rulings. Instead, it is specific to the extremely confined facts in that matter, which 
were described by the Florida Supreme Court as a "narrow scenario;" referring to 
out of court statements to potential witnesses where neither both parties nor the 
EFTA00589638
--- PAGE 23 ---
court were present. Id. at 1209. Further, the Delmonico decision clarified that the 
existence of judicial oversight in a proceeding is an important reason behind the 
requirement to apply the privilege to cover acts that occur during the course of, and 
are related to, the judicial proceeding, stating: "when weighing whether to apply 
the absolute privilege to that factual scenario, the Court considered that the 
`safeguards' arising from the `comprehensive control exercised by the trial judge 
whose action is reviewable on appeal' and the availability of other remedies 
through which the trial court could mitigate the harm. . ." Id. at 1215 (citing 
Fridovich, 598 So. 2d at 69). 
Accordingly, the DelMonico decision affirmatively recognized a litigation 
privilege where, as in the instant case, there is judicial oversight, but distinguished 
the "narrow scenario" under which the litigation privilege would not be applied. 
Inasmuch as that "narrow scenario" is wholly absent in the case at bench, 
DelMonico is factually distinguishable and inapposite to the instant case, and as 
such its narrow holding has no bearing on, and should not be considered by, this 
Court. 
Similarly, Appellant cites Wright v. Yurko, 446 So. 2d 1162 (Fla. 5th DCA 
1984) in support of his assertion that the litigation privilege is inapplicable to a 
malicious prosecution claim. However, such reliance thereupon is misplaced. 
EFTA00589639
--- PAGE 24 ---
First, Appellant's characterization of Levin as impliedly approving the survival of a 
malicious prosecution claim in the Wright case is completely unfounded. In Levin, 
in support of its holding to apply the litigation privilege to a tortious interference 
claim, the Florida Supreme Court analyzed Wright and cited thereto solely for two 
propositions: "that the torts of perjury, slander, defamation and similar proceedings 
that are based on statements made in connection with a judicial proceeding are not 
actionable;" and that "[r]emedies for perjury, slander, and the like committed 
during judicial proceedings are left to the discipline of the courts, the bar 
association, and the state," and as such "other tortious conduct occurring during 
litigation is equally susceptible to that same discipline." Levin, Middlebrooks, 
Moves & Mitchell, M. v. U.S. Fire Ins. Co., 639 So. 2d 606, 608 (Fla. 1994) 
(citing Wright, 446 So. 2d at 1164). Accordingly, Levin neither held nor cited to 
Wright for the proposition that the litigation privilege was inapplicable to a 
malicious prosecution claim. 
Second, regardless of what Appellant requests this Court to infer about 
Wright as a result of its citation in Levin, the Florida Supreme Court subsequently 
made it abundantly clear in Echevarria that "the nature of the underlying dispute 
simply does not matter," and mandated that the litigation privilege be broadly 
applied "across the board to actions in Florida." Echevarria, 950 So. 2d at 384. 
EFTA00589640
--- PAGE 25 ---
Accordingly, no matter how the underlying cause of action may be framed, the 
express guidance from both Levin and Echevarriar is that the litigation privilege 
would be applied to immunize any and all conduct occurring during the course of 
judicial proceedings so long as it occurred in, and had some relation to, the 
proceeding. Id. at 384. Finally, Wright is factually distinguishable, because unlike 
in the instant case, Wright included a cause of action against the attorney who filed 
the alleged malicious prosecution, not the represented Plaintiff. Wright, 446 So. 2d 
at 1163. Consequently, this Court should give no consideration to this case. 
Likewise, Appellant's reliance on Graham-Eckes Palm Beach Academy v. 
Johnson, 573 So. 2d 1007 (Fla. 4th DCA 1991), is equally as misplaced. Graham-
Eckes is a per curiam affirmance in which the Fourth District Court stated, in its 
single concluding sentence: "[w]hile appellant's argument is persuasive, we hold 
that its proper cause of action would have been one for malicious prosecution and 
affirm on the authority of Procacci v. Zacco, 402 So. 2d 425 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1981)." Id. at 1008. As with Wright, it is undeniable that Graham-Eckes was 
decided before Echevarria, Levin, and Wolfe. Further, Procacci v. Zacco, 402 So. 
2d 425 (Fla. 4th DCA 1981), the case upon which the Graham-Eckes court relied 
in issuing its decision, immunized from suit the "malicious publication" of false 
statements because they were made during the course of a judicial proceeding. As 
EFTA00589641
--- PAGE 26 ---
to those false statements, this Court avowed: "Appellants contend that a proper 
notice of lis pendens, based on a recorded instrument and filed pursuant to Florida 
law, is a publication much like a pleading or other statement made in the course of 
a judicial proceeding and therefore, they argue, it enjoys the same immunity. We 
agree." Id. at 427. 
Appellant's reliance on Fridovich v. Fridovich, 598 So. 2d 65 (Fla. 1992) is 
also erroneous, as in Fridovich the Florida Supreme Court specifically concluded 
that only a qualified privilege is applicable when private individuals voluntarily 
make defamatory statements "to the police or the state's attorney prior to the 
institution of criminal charges." 598 So. 2d at 69 (emphasis added). See also 
Olson v. Johnson, 961 So. 2d 356 (Fla. 2d DCA 2007) (litigation privilege is 
inapplicable because basis of lawsuit arose out of statements made to a police 
officer prior to the initiation of a criminal proceeding). In stark contrast to both the 
Fridovich and Olson cases, where the conduct occurred prior to any judicial 
proceedings, the actions upon which the Appellant relies as the basis of his 
malicious prosecution claim in the instant case were made in and were integral to 
the judicial proceedings, rendering Fridovich and Olson inapposite. Further, 
Appellant's citation to dicta from a footnote in SCI Funeral Services of Florida, 
Inc. v. Henry, 839 So. 2d 702 (Fla. 3d DCA 2002) is equally inapplicable because 
EFTA00589642
--- PAGE 27 ---
it is a Third District Court of Appeal case that did not involve a claim for malicious 
prosecution and was decided before the Third District Court of Appeal decided 
Wolfe, in which it expressly held that the litigation privilege is applicable to a 
claim for malicious prosecution. 
Finally, Appellant erroneously submits and analyzes cases from other 
jurisdictions in further support of his assertion that the litigation privilege does not 
bar a malicious prosecution claim. Appellant's argument is meritless, as it is 
incontrovertible that reliance upon these cases is misguided; other jurisdictions are 
not controlling upon this Court, especially when there is binding Florida precedent 
directly applicable hereto. Additionally, the Florida Litigation Privilege is a court 
created doctrine, and as such, case law from other jurisdictions is of no import and 
has no bearing on this matter. Moreover, binding Florida precedent does not, 
contrary to Appellant's assertion, bar a malicious prosecution claim, but rather 
affords an absolute privilege to acts that occur within, and have a relation to, a 
judicial proceeding. Wolfe, 28 So. 3d at 68; Levin, 639 So. 2d at 608; Echevarria, 
950 So. 2d at 384. The Florida Supreme Court, the First District Court of Appeal, 
and the Third District Court of Appeal have all undeniably extended the litigation 
privilege to circumstances such as those present in the case at bench; where all of 
EFTA00589643
--- PAGE 28 ---
the acts upon which a party relies in support of a malicious prosecution claim 
occur within the litigation. Consequently, Summary Judgment was proper. 
CONCLUSION 
In reliance upon the argument submitted above and the case law cited herein, 
Appellee submits that the trial court's Order granting Appellee's Motion for 
Summary Judgment should be affirmed. 
CERTIFICATE OF TYPE SIZE AND STYLE 
This Brief is typed using Times New Roman 14 point, a font which is not 
proportionately spaced. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy was electronically served to the following 
on February 
, 2015: 
William B. King 
Searcy Denny Scarola Barnhart 
& Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, 
Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Ste. 2 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Mark Nurik 
Philip M. Burlington 
Burlington & Rockenbach, P.A. 
Courthouse Commons/Suite 350 
444 W. Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Fred Haddad 
Fred Haddad, P.A. 
Financial Plaza, Ste. 2612 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Jack Goldberger 
EFTA00589644
--- PAGE 29 ---
Law Offices of Mark S. Nurik 
E. Broward Blvd., Ste. 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 S. Australian Ave., Ste. 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
EFTA00589645
--- PAGE 30 ---
W. Chester Brewer, Jr. 
W. Chester Brewer, Jr. P.A. 
250 S. Australian Ave., Ste. 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Is/ John Beranek 
JOHN BERANEK 
Fla. Bar No.: 0005419 
AUSLEY & MCMULLEN, P.A. 
123 South Calhoun Street 
P.O. Box 391 (zip 32302) 
Tallahassee, FL 32301 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: ( 
(secondary) 
/s/ Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
Florida Bar No.: 176737 
Tonja Haddad, PA 
5315 SE 7'h Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
I
l
EFTA00589646

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589647.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589647.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
February 25, 2015 
CERTIFIED MAIL 
RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED 
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
Tower Place 
Albany, NY 12203-3764 
Re: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein - Offender ID 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
In connection with the registration in New York of Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, Offender ID =, 
as 
a sex offender, this is to advise you that the following motor vehicle that was previously 
disclosed to your office is being relocated from Mr. Epstein's vacation home in New York to 
his vacation home in New Mexico: 
License 
State 
Property 
Automobile 
YIN 
Mate 
Registered 
Color 
Location 
2012 Cadillac Escalade 
New York 
Black 
New Mexico 
This is also to advise you of the purchase of the following motor vehicle which shall be 
subject to use by Mr. Epstein while in New York 
License 
State 
Property 
Automobile 
YIN 
Mato 
Registered 
Ulu 
Location 
2015 Cadillac Escalade 
To be issued 
New York 
Black 
New York 
We will provide you with the new motor vehicle's license plate number once we receive the 
license plates for the vehicle. 
EFTA00589647
--- PAGE 2 ---
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
February 25, 2015 
Page 2 
Consistent with your prior instructions, Mr. Epstein has signed and dated this letter in the 
space provided below to confirm the relocation of the 2012 Cadillac Escalade to New 
Mexico and the purchase of the 2015 Cadillac Escalade located in New York. 
If you require any further information, please feel free to call me at my office, 
or on my mobile telephone number, 
Respectfully, 
Darren lndyke 
CONFIRMED: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dated: 
EFTA00589648

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589649.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589649.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone: 
Telecopier: 
email: 
CERTIFIED MAIL 
RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTFD 
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
Tower Place 
Albany, NY 12203-3764 
February 13, 2015 
Re: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein - Offender ID 33216 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
In connection with the registration in New York of Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, Offender ID 33216, as 
a sex offender, this is to advise you that the following motor vehicle that was previously 
disclosed to your office has been disposed of, is no longer subject to use by Mr. Epstein and 
should be deleted from the list of motor vehicles subject to use by Mr. Epstein: 
License 
State 
Property 
Autamottile 
YIN 
Elate 
Registered 
Color 
Location 
ZOOS Cadillac Escalade 
USVI 
Black 
LSJ 
Consistent with your prior instructions, Mr. Epstein has signed and dated this letter in the 
space provided below to confirm the disposition of the above-described vehicle and that it 
is no longer subject to his use. 
If ou require any further information, please feel free to call me at my office 
r on my mobile telephone number 
Respectfully, 
Darren Indyke 
CONFIRMED: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dated: 
EFTA00589649

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589650.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589650.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG1 M 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
PARK PLAZA.SUI7E 1008 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
BOSTON. MASSACHUSETTS 02116 
owburbitart.ne1 
(617)227.3760 
FAX (617)318453d 
NIGHT EMERGENCY: 
(617)90144:2 
April 23, 2015 
Via Email and U.S. Mail 
John Zucker 
Assistant Legal Counsel 
Office of Legal Counsel 
W 66TH St, Room 1628 
New York, NY 10023 
Re: Good Morning America and Night Line interview with Jane Doe 3 (VR) 
Dear Mr. Zucker: 
I represent Jeffrey Epstein. I have been informed by Producer James Hill that ABC 
intends to air an interview, conducted by a Good Morning America co-host, of a woman known 
in court papers as Jane Doe 3.' I write to put you on notice that ABC's publication of Jane Doe 
3's accusations is grossly negligent or worse. The accusations, many of which relate to my 
client, relate to alleged conduct that occurred approximately 15 years ago. The current 
accusations are simply reformatted and embellished echoes of previous allegations, which were 
first made by Jane Doe 3 to tabloid publications in the United Kingdom in 2011 and which have 
no independent news value. These allegations were then and remain now uncorroborated and 
have been refuted or undermined by other, credible evidence. Indeed, a federal judge recently 
refused to consider these allegations in pending litigation, finding them "immaterial and 
impertinent", while striking the allegations and denyin Jane Doe 3s Motion to Join, See Jane 
Doe 1 and 2 v. United States, 08-CV-80736-ICAM M. Fla.), Dkt 324 at 5. In addition, in that 
very same litigation, Federal Bureau of Investigation Special Agent Timothy R. Slater filed a 
declaration stating that when Jane Doe 3 was interviewed by the FBI in 2007 she refused to 
cooperate with the investigation of Mr. Epstein declaring she wanted nothing to do with the 
matter. For ABC to air these untested allegations on national television as "news" when Jane 
Doe 3 intentionally declined eight years ago to subject these same allegations to verification by 
the FBI would be grossly irresponsible and severely damaging to Mr. Epstein and others. 
I Mr. Hill informed me that she was waiving whatever rights to anonymity she might assert but I will, because of 
certain legal obligations, refer to her as Jane Doe 3. 
EFTA00589650
--- PAGE 2 ---
This is particularly true when ABC knows or should know that several, very specific 
allegations of Jane Doe 3 have been rebutted and/or demonstrated by others to be false. For 
example, I understand that she has accused distinguished Professor Alan Dershowitz of Harvard 
Law School of sexual misconduct involving her. Professor Dershowitz has flatly denied that 
allegation under oath in a federal court proceeding. I further understand that Professor 
Dershowitz offered to play a tape recording for Mr. Hill that evidences that Jane Doe 3 has made 
recent contradictory statements—that is, that she was pressured into including Professor 
Dershowitz in her allegations and that she has a financial motive in making these allegations. 
The Duke of York and the Royal Palace have likewise unequivocally denied Jane Doe's 
similar allegations against the Duke. Surely, these unequivocal statements of denial of respected 
members of society are entitled to some deference by ABC, particularly where, as here, there is 
substantial evidence of bias, improper motive, and serious credibility problems of their accuser. 
Moreover, additional claims of Jane Doe 3 can be refuted with objective evidence that is 
readily obtainable by ABC. For example, she claims she was in the presence of both former 
President Clinton (after January 20, 2001, and before the summer of 2002) and former Vice 
President Gore (and his wife) at Mr. Epstein's Virgin Island home. I have been told by Mr. Hill 
that she claims to be 100% sure of the facts regarding President Clinton. The claims are 
completely uncorroborated and compellingly contradicted by others. Neither former President 
Clinton nor former Vice-President Gore and his wife have ever been present at Mr. Epstein's 
Virgin Island home. A review of United States Secret Service records, obtainable through a 
Freedom of Information Request would prove the falsity of the claim. Virgin Island government 
records would provide further confirmation. I also believe that Mr. Hill has been told by 
individuals with percipient knowledge that former President Clinton has never been to Mr. 
Epstein's Virgin Island home. Upon inquiry, I am certain that you would receive similar denials 
from Mr. and Mrs. Gore either directly or by through their counsel Mr. Boies. Jane Doe 3's 
fabrication of these claims against respected former officials undermines completely the 
trustworthiness of each and every one of her remaining allegations. 
We would expect that, in the wake of the damning independent review of Rolling 
publications of rape allegations involving students at the University of Virginia, ABC would 
proceed with similar, uncorroborated allegations with extreme caution. At the very least, ABC 
has an obligation to verify—with independent evidence—the truthfulness of Jane Doe 3's 
claims. Merely declining to air those portions of her interview that relate to President Clinton 
and Vice-President Gore is insufficient. If ABC has concerns about her credibility with respect 
to any allegation, it must decline to republish all of her allegations. 
In June of 2008, Mr. Epstein pleaded guilty to Florida state charges that do not relate to 
Jane Doe 3. After an extensive investigation, the United States declined to prosecute Mr. Epstein 
and provided him with a Non-Prosecution Agreement. Mr. Epstein fully conformed to the 
responsibilities and obligations imposed on him by that agreement. Mr. Epstein is not engaged 
in public activities. He is a private person who has complied and continues to comply with his 
legal obligations, and he is attempting to move forward with his life in a productive way. The 
allegations of Jane Doe 3 are neither credible nor news worthy. ABC should not publish them. 
EFTA00589651
--- PAGE 3 ---
Yours Truly, 
is/Martin C. Weinberg 
EFTA00589652

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589653.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589653.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
and BRADLEY J, EDWARDS, 
individually. 
Defendants. 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JUDGE: 
HAFELE 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
MOTION TO DISQUALIFY TRIAL JUDGE 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein (hereinafter "Epstein"), by and through his 
undersigned attorney and pursuant to Rule 2.330 of the Florida Rules of Judicial Administration 
and § 38.10 of the Florida Statutes, requests this Court to enter an Order disqualifying itself from 
all further proceedings in the above-styled cause, and as grounds therefore states the following: 
PROCEDURAL REQUISITES 
Based upon the facts delineated below, Epstein has a well-founded fear that he will not 
receive a fair trial before this Court and that this Court will not be impartial, but will be 
prejudiced against Epstein. Epstein makes this motion in a timely manner within ten (10) days of 
discovery of the facts which constitute the grounds for this motion pursuant to Rule 2.330(e) of 
the Florida Rules of Judicial Administration, and submits that he has not filed any other Motions 
to Disqualify under this Rule. This Rule requires that this Court only determine the legal 
sufficiency of this Motion; the Court may not pass on the truth of the facts alleged. Further, the 
Rule requires the Court to immediately enter an order granting disqualification and proceed no 
EFTA00589653
--- PAGE 2 ---
further in the action if the motion is legally sufficient. Finally, a certificate of good faith from 
counsel for Epstein, and a copy of the Affidavit of Epstein are also provided herein. 
STATEMENT OF FACTS 
On October 3, 2017, the parties to this action were before this Court on several Motions, 
one of which was Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Jeffrey Epstein's Motion for Enlargement of Time 
to Respond to certain Motions filed by Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley Edwards's 
("Edwards") on September 25, 2017, which Responses were due on September 28, 2017'. The 
reasons for the request for more time were delineated clearly in the Motion, and included the 
following facts: that many of the Motions were directed at Epstein's assertions of various 
privileges, including his privilege against self-incrimination, and that due to Hurricane Irma and 
Hurricane Maria completely devastating Epstein's home and all infrastructure on the island on 
which her resides in the United States Virgin Islands, undersigned had little to no contact with 
Epstein; that the volume of Motions to which Epstein had to respond in the three days was 
insurmountable for undersigned with all of the other depositions, mediations, and work 
obligations in the three-days in which she had to respond2 and with co-counsel, as he had 
presented to the Court, out of town for the entire week; and finally, that because undersigned 
could not communicate with her client due to the devastation from the hurricane, she was unable 
to advise Epstein of the several Motions filed by Edwards, or discuss with him the possible 
Epstein was able to file responses to two of the three Motions directed at his Motion for Summary Judgment, as 
well as to two of the other Motions filed by Edwards, but did not file responses to any Motions pursuant to which 
overruling Epstein's privileges were asserted. 
Undersigned has been lead civil counsel of record for Epstein since 2012 and has never once missed a deadline or 
requested an enlargement of time within which to comply with a Court Order or other deadline. 
EFTA00589654
--- PAGE 3 ---
ramifications/outcomes regarding these Motions, his privileges, and any waiver or overruling of 
the assertion of same. A true and correct copy of the Motion is attached hereto as "Exhibit A." 
At the hearing, the Court denied the Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Motion, which is not 
the basis for this Motion to Disqualify. After denying same, however the Court made the 
following comments: 
Number one, I don't want to be accused 
of being insensitive to those who have 
suffered through the recent storms, nor do I 
want to be accused of being insensitive to 
the fact that Jewish holidays fell within 
the time period at issue. But at the same 
time, the information, at least that is 
contained in the documents that I have 
reviewed, for example, reflect Mr. Epstein's 
access to airplanes. 
See Transcript of October 3, 2017 hearing, Volume I, p 21; lines 8-17, attached hereto as 
"Exhibit B." Next, the Court stated the following: 
Also, while I eminently respect choice 
of counsel, at the same time there has not 
been any demonstration that, for whatever 
reason, Mr. Epstein does not have the 
wherewithal economically to be able to have 
sufficient representatives so as to fortify 
lead counsel in the preparation and defense 
of the -- in preparation of any written 
materials or in the defense of the subject 
claim. 
So again, while I have personal empathy 
for anyone who is a sole practitioner, that 
is not my choice. That is the choice of a 
sophisticated business person in the form of 
Mr. Epstein, who again, to my knowledge, and 
totally from what I have read in the 
materials and his agreement, at least at one 
point in time, to stipulate to a significant 
net worth. 
EFTA00589655
--- PAGE 4 ---
There is no suggestion of economic 
hardship so as to limit his choice of 
lawyers or law firms, lawyers or law firms 
that have sufficient resources to be able to 
respond instantaneously to many of the 
arguments that were raised by way of the 
PAGE 23 
motions filed on September 25th. 
See Exhibit B; p. 22-page 23; line 1. These comments were regarding both Epstein's wealth and 
his counsel. 
Later on in the hearing, which lasted approximately six hours, counsel for Edwards tried 
to address the several Motions he filed on September 25 related to Epstein's assertion of his 
privilege against self-incrimination; the Motions to which Epstein did not respond due to both 
time constraints created by the three-day turnaround for filing same and the complete inability to 
discuss these constitutional and statutory rights and privileges with Epstein, as explained above. 
The Court responded by pronouncing the following: 
THE COURT: The only reason I'm 
concerned -- again, I made myself clear to 
counsel for Mr. Epstein that I will not 
accept, respectfully, the excuse that there 
is insufficient representation or that 
there's not enough time. 
Having been an attorney or litigator 
for the better part of 17 years prior to 
being on the bench and now as a judge for 
PAGE 101 
the better part of 18 years, I think I have 
a pretty good handle, based upon that 
combined 35 years of experience on what is 
necessary to properly defend and prosecute 
civil cases. 
And this is a major undertaking from 
both sides, and also a major undertaking 
from the Court. I harken back to a case 
yesterday on a very complex business matter 
EFTA00589656
--- PAGE 5 ---
where one of the attorneys was a clerk for 
Judge Middlebrooks, federal court. And he 
gave somewhat of a wry smile when he stated 
that our trial courts here in the state of 
Florida are not afforded with the same 
support as our federal judges and our 
appellate court judges. 
And while I am not complaining, it's a 
reality. But I spend as much time as I can 
to prepare myself and to read the materials. 
And if help is an absolute requirement, we 
seek it out through our trial clerks, who, 
while they do an exceptional job, are 
themselves busy, because I think there's 
about nine of them assigned to somewhere 
around 50 judges in the main courthouse, one 
PAGE 102 
up in South County -- one down in South 
County, one up in North County. So they're 
stretched, so we don't have that same 
luxury. The litigants do. 
And I want to make clear that if help 
is needed, make sure you get it, because, 
again, this is complex. These are multitude 
issues, they're involved, and I want to give 
fair warning that the lack of time for solo 
practitioners -- while, again I'm empathetic 
to it, while I understand, it's not going to 
suffice here. 
So whatever the proper support -- help 
may be required -- I am giving you fair 
warning now, a couple months before trial, 
that it be secured. 
All right, so again, I don't want to 
overstate the situation, or -- it is not 
being critical of anyone. It's just that 
based upon the time and experience that I 
have had in dealing with cases of this 
type -- not so much these issues, but 
certainly of the magnitude that you are 
dealing with. I recognize that there will 
be support -- help required. And perhaps 
PAGE 103 
that has to be emphasized today so that we 
EFTA00589657
--- PAGE 6 ---
are not going to be running into this issue 
in the future. 
And again, that has nothing to do with 
the holidays. I don't want it to be 
misconstrued. It has nothing to do with 
anything that may have transpired as a 
result of the recent hurricane. It's only 
as a matter of observation, and, again, 
replying on what was brought up by 
Ms. Haddad Coleman at the inception of the 
hearing today, as far as time constraints. 
hi. at pp. 100; line 17 — p. 103; line 12. Next, despite the representations to the Court regarding 
issues addressing Epstein's Fifth Amendment Privilege against self-incrimination, Edwards is 
permitted to raise the issue before the Court, and the following occurs: 
THE COURT: Well, my understanding is 
that anything of a substantive nature it 
gets into, any of the areas that have 
already been previously inquired into would 
be privileged as it relates to the Fifth 
Amendment and the assorted other amendments 
that he has stood upon will continue to be 
asserted. And presumably the 
attorney-client privilege also? 
MR. GOLDBERGER: Subject to 
consultation with our client, obviously, 
Judge. 
THE COURT: But it sounds like it will 
be. I am going to accept that as a yes. 
See Transcript of Hearing October 3, 2017 hearing, Volume II, p. 128; lines 2-15. 
Finally, the Court asks Edwards how much time he needs to file a reply to Epstein's 
Motion responsive to the privilege and fifth amendment issues, and Edwards's counsel tells the 
Court that he is going on vacation. The Court replies the following to counsel for Edwards: 
THE COURT: That's why I'm saying I'm 
certainly not going to compromise your 
vacation to require you to be here. 
EFTA00589658
--- PAGE 7 ---
I don't know what your schedule looks 
like during the earlier part of November, 
other than I'm sure you're going to be in a 
jam with others that are going to be 
demanding your time. 
Id. at p. 139; lines 12-19. See also page 140; lines 10-12 ("You get back, you said, on the 3rd? 
MR. SCAROLA: Yes, sir. THE COURT: So we can give you some time as well."). The Court 
continued: 
THE COURT: Again, I want the record to 
be clear that, in a case of this type and 
magnitude -- usually I hold consistent no 
matter what the case -- but certainly I'm 
not seeking to compromise anyone's vacation 
time. They're well deserved. I don't want 
to put anybody in any form of awkward 
position simply to accommodate the Court's 
deadlines. 
Id. at p. 144; lines 6-14. 
As Epstein asserts in his affidavit, he does not feel that he can receive a fair hearing 
before Judge Hafele, particularly in light of the Judge's repeated comments regarding his wealth, 
his choice of counsel, and his determination of his assertion of privilige at the October 3, 2017 
hearing. Accordingly, disqualification of the Court should be ordered. 
ARGUMENT 
The proper avenue through which to seek disqualification of a trial judge in Florida is a 
motion pursuant to Rule 2.330 of the Florida Rules of Judicial Administration. Brown v. St. 
George Island, Ltd., 561 So. 2d 253, 255 (Fla. 1990). As stated above, ttached to this Motion is a 
sworn affidavit signed by Jeffrey Epstein delineating the facts relied upon as grounds for 
disqualification. This Motion is timely filed and complies in all respects with the requirements 
EFTA00589659
--- PAGE 8 ---
contained in § 38.10 of the Florida Statutes, Rule 2.330 of the Florida Rules of Judicial 
Administration, and controlling case law. 
It is well-settled in Florida that "every litigant is entitled to nothing less than the cold 
neutrality of an impartial judge." State ex reL Davis v. Parks, 194 So. 613, 615 (Fla. 1939). 
Likewise, the question of disqualification focuses not on what the judge intended, but rather how 
the message is received. See Livingston v. State, 441 So. 2d 1083, 1086 (Fla. 1983) ("[I]t is not a 
question of how the judge feels; it is a question of what feeling resides in the affiant's mind and 
the basis for such feeling."). "Judges ought to be more learned than witty; more reverend (sic) 
than plausible; and more advised than confident . . . Patience and gravity of hearing is an 
essential part of justice; and an overspeaking judge is no well tuned cymbal." Great Am. Ins. Co. 
of New York v. 2000 Island Blvd. Condo. Ass'n, Inc., 153 So. 3d 384, 390 (Fla. 3d DCA 2014) 
(citations omitted). Florida law mandates recusal of a judge when a litigant establishes a 
reasonable, well-grounded fear that he will not receive a fair and impartial trial, or that the judge 
has pre-judged the case. See Wargo v. Wargo, 669 So. 2d 1123 (Fla. 4th DCA 1996) (Party 
seeking to disqualify judge need only show well-grounded fear that he will not receive fair trial 
at hands of judge; it is not question of how judge feels, but rather, of what feeling resides in 
affiant's mind and basis for such feeling.); Nunez v. Backman, 645 So. 2d 1063, 1064 (Fla. 4th 
DCA 1994) ("A motion for disqualification should be granted if the facts alleged therein, taken 
as true, would prompt a reasonably prudent person to fear that he could not get a fair and 
impartial trial from the judge.") (citing Hayslip v. Douglas, 400 So. 2d 553 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1981)). 
EFTA00589660
--- PAGE 9 ---
"Where a motion for disqualification fulfills the procedural requirements of that rule, is 
supported by a verified statement of specific facts that are reasonably sufficient to create a well-
founded fear on the part of a party that he or she will not receive a fair trial, and is timely made, 
it should be granted." Borjas v. Brescher, 579 So. 2d 399, 400 (Fla. 4th DCA 1991) (citing 
Fischer v. Knuck, 497 So. 2d 240, 242 (Fla.1986)). A trial court, when presented with a motion 
to disqualify, must limit its review of the motion to a "bare determination of legal sufficiency." 
Bundy v. Rudd, 366 So. 2d 440, 442 (Fla. 1978). The purpose of such a limitation is to "ensure 
public confidence in the integrity of the judicial system." Livingston v. State, 441 So. 2d 1083, 
1086 (Fla. 1983) ("The question of disqualification focuses on those matters from which a 
litigant may reasonably question a judge's impartiality rather than the judge's perception of his 
ability to act fairly and impartially."); see also Rogers v. State, 630 So. 2d 513 (Fla. 1993). In 
Livingston, the Supreme Court of Florida submitted the following: 
Prejudice of a judge is a delicate question to raise but when raised as a bar to the 
trial of a cause, if predicated on grounds with a modicum of reason, the judge 
against whom raised, should be prompt to recuse himself [sic'. No judge under 
any circumstances is warranted in sitting in the trial of a cause whose neutrality is 
shadowed or even questioned. 
The judiciary cannot be too circumspect, neither should it be reluctant to retire 
from a cause under circumstances that would shake the confidence of the litigants 
in a fair and impartial adjudication of the issues raised. 
Livingston, 441 So. 2d at 1085-86 (citation omitted); see also Hayslip v. Douglas, 400 So. 2d 
553, 555 (Fla. 4th DCA 1981); CODE OF JUD. CONDUCT Canon 3-C. 
Further, the inquiry in a motion for disqualification "focuses on the reasonableness of the 
defendant's belief that he or she will not receive a fair hearing." Rogers v. State, 630 So. 2d 513 
EFTA00589661
--- PAGE 10 ---
(Fla. 1993). The Florida Supreme Court has reasoned that "[t]he attitude of the judge and the 
atmosphere of the court room should indeed be such that no matter what charge is lodged against 
a litigant. . . [the litigant] can approach the bar with every assurance that he [or she] is in a forum 
where the judicial ermine is everything that it typifies, purity and justice." Crosby v. State, 97 So. 
2d 181,184 (Fla. 1957). Moreover, in Rucks v. State, 692 So. 2d 976 (Fla. 2d DCA 1997), the 
court stated that pursuant to § 38.10 of the Florida Statutes, a defendant is not required to prove 
actual prejudice, but rather must show a well-grounded fear that he would not receive a fair trial 
or hearing at the hands of the judge. The court looks to see whether the facts alleged would 
place a reasonably prudent person in fear of not receiving a fair and impartial trial. Id. See also 
Roberts v. State, 840 So. 2d 962, 969 (Fla. 2002); Correll v. State, 698 So. 2d 522, 524 (Fla. 
1997); Cave v. State, 660 So. 2d 705, 708 (Fla. 1995). 
This Court must review the motion from the Epstein's perspective, questioning the 
"judge's impartiality rather than [from] the judge's [perspective] of his ability to act fairly and 
impartially." MacKenzie v. Super Kids Bargain Store, Inc., 565 So. 2d 1332, 1334 (Fla. 1990). 
Irrefutably, the entire critique by the Court at the October 3, 2017 hearing, as set forth above, 
coupled with the pending Motions and issues raised therein, would place any "reasonably 
prudent person" in fear of not receiving and fair and impartial hearing from the Court. Here, 
Epstein's net worth is a central issue in this case and the subject of countless pending Motions. 
Indeed, the Court has made repeated references questioning whether Epstein even suffered any 
damages in this hearing. However, the Court's repeated commentary regarding Epstein's wealth; 
including the reference to Epstein's plane in response to Epstein's home and the entire 
infrastructure on the island on which he resides being completely destroyed by two back-to-back 
EFTA00589662
--- PAGE 11 ---
hurricanes, and assertions that he should be required to pay for more attorneys because he has the 
means to do so, create grave concern; especially when Edwards is seeking punitive damages in 
this case and worth discovery is still being litigated. Moreover, the obvious disparate treatment 
afforded to counsel for Epstein as opposed to the prodigious deference shown to counsel for 
Edwards, as quoted above, create a real, substantial, and well-founded fear in Epstein that he 
cannot receive a fair hearing or trial before this Court. 
Canon 3(E)(1)(a) of the Code of Judicial Conduct provides, in relevant part, that "[a] 
judge shall disqualify himself or herself in a proceeding in which the judge's impartiality might 
reasonably be questioned, including but not limited to instances where the judge has a personal 
bias or prejudice concerning a party or a party's lawyer, or personal knowledge of disputed 
evidentiary facts concerning the proceedings." CODE OF JUD. CONDUCT Canon 3-C; Shore 
Mariner Condo. Assn v. Antonious, 722 So. 2d 247, 248 (Fla. 2d DCA 1998) ("Trial judges must 
studiously avoid the appearance of favoring one party in a lawsuit..."). Prejudice against a 
party's attorney can be as detrimental to the interests of that party as prejudice against the party 
himself. Livingston v. State, 441 So.2d 1083, 1087 (Fla. 1983). Where a judge displays contempt 
or antipathy for a party's counsel, such conduct is sufficient to prompt a reasonably prudent 
person to believe she will not get a fair trial. See Wicklund v. Sclzoff, 755 So. 2d 192, 193 (Fla. 
5th DCA 2000). 
The case of Jiminez v. Ratine, 954 So. 2d 706 (Fla. 2nd DCA 2007) is instructive. In 
Jirninez, the petitioner sought to have the trial judge disqualified based upon comments made by 
the trial judge that showed hostility toward the petitioner's attorney. These comments created in 
the petitioner the fear that she would not receive a fair trial by the trial judge. Id. Petitioner filed 
EFTA00589663
--- PAGE 12 ---
a motion to disqualify the trial judge, which was denied. The appellate court reversed, and in so 
doing held that the trial judge erred in not granting the motion. Id. at 709. The court, finding 
that the cumulative effect of the statements made by the trial court satisfied this burden, stated: 
The motion must be granted provided only that the facts alleged "would place a 
reasonably prudent person in fear of not receiving a fair and impartial trial." 
MacKenzie, 565 So.2d at 1335 (quoting Livingston v. State, 441 So.2d 1083, 
1087 (Fla.1983)). Moreover, the court must review the motion from the litigant's 
perspective questioning the "judge's impartiality rather than [from] the judge's 
[perspective] of his ability to act fairly and impartially." Id. at 1334 (quoting 
Livingston, 441 So.2d at 1086). 
Id. at 708. The Jiminez court continued, stating that Tin evaluating motions to disqualify, 
sufficiency of the substance is essentially an extension of sufficiency of the form. This legal 
sufficiency is a pure question of law.' Id. at 709 (citing MacKenzie v. Super Kids Bargain 
Store, Inc., 565 So. 2d 1332, 1335 (Fla. 1990)). "Further, if the form of the motion is sufficient 
— i.e., the motion is procedurally sufficient — it does not matter whether the substance of the 
allegations are true." Id. (citing Madura v. Turosienski, 901 So. 2d 396, 398 (Fla. 2d DCA 2005) 
(noting that, in evaluating a motion to disqualify, the court must accept the facts alleged as true)). 
Similarly, in the case at hand, the movant's fear is well-grounded in that the Court's actions and 
statements at the October 3, 2017 hearing gave Epstein a well-founded fear that he will not 
receive a fair hearing in front of a judge making such comments and annunciating such opinions 
regarding his financial status and his counsel. Accordingly, disqualification is required. See also 
Ginsberg v. Holt, 86 So. 2d 650, 651 (Fla. 1956); Olszewska v. Ferro, 590 So. 2d 11 (Fla. 3d 
DCA 1991). 
CONCLUSION 
Accordingly, based upon the aforementioned facts and the case law delineated herein, 
EFTA00589664
--- PAGE 13 ---
this Motion for Disqualification meets the requirements of Rule 2.330 of the Florida Rules of 
Judicial Administration, § 38.10 of the Florida Statutes, and prevailing case law, and should be 
granted. 
CERTIFICATE OF COUNSEL 
The undersigned, as counsel for Jeffrey Epstein, based upon her review of the law, her 
presence in the courtroom, her review of the hearing transcript, her communications with 
witnesses who were present at the hearing, and her representation of the Plaintiff/Counter-
Defendant, hereby certifies that this Motion is made in good faith. The undersigned counsel 
further certifies that the affidavit of the Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant is likewise in good faith, and 
is based upon his well-founded fear that he cannot receive a fair hearing or trial from Judge 
Hafele. 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served, via 
electronic service, to all parties listed below, and upon Judge Donald Hafele, via hand delivery, 
this October 12, 2013. 
Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
Florida Bar No.: 176737 
Tonja Haddad, PA 
5315 SE 7th Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
954.467.1223 
954.337.3716 (facsimile) 
Counsel for Epstein 
EFTA00589665
--- PAGE 14 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola et al. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury, Goldberger, & Weiss, PA 
250 Australian Ave. South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Marc Nurik, Esq. 
I East Broward Blvd. 
Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos Lehrman 
425 N Andrews Avenue 
Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Fred Haddad, Esq. 
301 SE 7d1 Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Dee@FredHaddadLaw.com 
EFTA00589666
--- PAGE 15 ---
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
and BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
individually. 
Defendants. 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JUDGE: 
CROW 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S AFFIDAVIT IN 
SUPPORT OF HIS MOTION FOR DISOUALIFICATION 
Before me, the undersigned authority, personally appeared Jeffrey Epstein, who being 
sworn, states the following: 
I am the Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant in this matter and I am moving to disqualify Judge 
David Crow. I have, after discussions with my attorney and witnesses, as well as reading the 
transcript of this hearing, instructed my attorney to file this Motion as I firmly believe that I 
cannot receive a fair trial or hearing before Judge Crow, the presiding Judge in this matter. 
After reading and reviewing the Transcript of the March 11, 2013 hearing on 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff's Motion to strike discovery objections as untimely, I feel that the 
Judge's inquiry into my attorney's familial relationship with or to attorneys who I have come to 
understand were involved in another case on which the Judge ultimately was required to recuse 
himself only two days after my hearing, particularly when my attorney's relationship with such 
attorneys had absolutely no bearing whatsoever to the issues presented at my hearing, coupled 
with the Judge's questioning and commentary regarding my previous challenge to his rulings, 
EFTA00589667
--- PAGE 16 ---
departed from the Judge's detached, neutral role. As such, I do not feel that I will receive a fair 
hearing before Judge Crow. 
Judge Crow's statements, coupled with and the manner in which he conducted his 
inquisition of my attorney regarding the above-referenced issues convinces me that I cannot 
receive a fair hearing in this case. As such, I have directed my attorney to file this Motion to 
Disqualify Judge Crow as I am convinced I cannot receive a fair hearing or a fair trial before 
Judge Crow. 
FURTHER AFFIANT SAYITH NAUGHT. 
State of New York 
County of New York 
Before me, the undersigned authority, this day personally appeared Jeffrey Epstein, who 
is personally known to me, and who first being duly sworn, says that all of the matters contained 
herein are true and correct. 
NOTARY PUBLIC, 
Sworn and Subscribed before me this March 
2013. 
EFTA00589668

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589669.pdf
----------------------------------------
BIOIMPACT. INC. 
May 18, 2012 
Darren Indyke 
LSJ, LLC 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Re: Survey of Impact and Development of Remediation Plan 
Dear Darren, 
Bioimpact, Inc. proposes to survey the potential area of impact and delineate the area of 
impact, as well as the impacts which have occurred. This is be done by dive surveys and 
review of the existing data and surveys of the shoreline. Based on primary review there 
has been some change which could not have been the result of natural causes. The cost 
of the review and the surveys will be $ 6370.00. This will include detailed assessment of 
the area and evaluation of actual impact to individual corals and other benthic organisms 
in the area reviewing historical aerials, previous surveys and previous benthic 
photography. The area had been surveyed in the past on several occasions and there are 
pictures of the benthic community within the area. A report will be prepared 
documenting the actual sq. ft. of impact and what benthic organisms have been impacted. 
The report will also document whether it is feasible to remove some or all of the fill 
material and what additional impacts may occur due to its removal. 
Once this is complete a remediation and mitigation plan can be developed. Until the 
actual scope of impact is determined the scope of the plan cannot be determined. 
Please let me know how you would like me to proceed. I would like to start diving on 
Wednesday so that I may address this as soon as possible. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Amy Claire Dempsey, M, 
President, Bioimpact, Inc. 
EFTA00589669

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589670.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589670.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone: (212) 971-1314 
Telecopier: 646 350-0378 
email: 
January 24, 2013 
Honorable Vincent Frazer 
Office of the Attorney General of the Virgin Islands 
Department of Justice 
St. Thomas, VI 
Via Email 
Re: 
Request by Mr. Jeffrey Epstein to Renew 
Registration Prior to March S. 2013 
Dear Attorney General Frazer: 
I am writing to request confirmation that Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, who first 
registered in the Virgin Islands as a sex offender on March 5, 2010, may comply with 
his annual registration verification requirements by appearing at the Department of 
Justice to renew his registration during the first two weeks in February 2013. This 
request was first submitted by email to Ms. Shani Pinney, the Sex Offender 
Registration Coordinator, who informed me that I should seek authorization from 
the Attorney General by means of a formal letter detailing the specific request and 
the reasons therefor. 
By email dated January 23, 2013, I sought the advice of Ms. Pinney as to 
whether it would be acceptable for Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, whose registration 
anniversary is March 5, to renew his registration prior to March 5, 2013 during the 
first two weeks in February 2013. In that email and a subsequent telephone 
conversation with Ms. Pinney on that same date, I explained that as a result of a 
change in Mr. Epstein's travel plans necessitated by the weather, Mr. Epstein had to 
cancel his trip to Paris, France and reschedule the trip for the beginning of March 
2013. Moreover, as a result of this rescheduling and Mr. Epstein's other business 
and professional commitments, it appears that Mr. Epstein will be required to travel 
outside the Virgin Islands for the entire month of March 2013. In order to ensure 
his compliance with Virgin Islands registration law, Mr. Epstein is seeking 
confirmation from the Attorney General that he may renew his registration in early 
February. 
Mr. Epstein is returning to his permanent residence in the Virgin Islands on 
January 27, 2013. Following his return to the Virgin Islands and for the first two 
EFTA00589670
--- PAGE 2 ---
weeks in February 2013, there are no meetings, appointments or commitments 
scheduled that would require Mr. Epstein to travel outside of the Virgin Islands. 
Because this period of no travel is a relatively rare occurrence for Mr. Epstein, and 
there is still some uncertainty as to whether he will be required to travel to meet 
business and professional obligations during the latter part of February, we 
respectfully request that Mr. Epstein be permitted to renew his registration while he 
is certain to be on Island during that two week period. If Mr. Epstein receives your 
authorization, he would coordinate with Ms. Pinney to ensure that he renews his 
registration at a date and time during the two weeks following his January 27, 2013 
return to the Virgin Islands that is convenient for Ms. Pinney. 
Although 14 V.I.C. Section 1724(d) previously specified that Mr. Epstein was 
required to verify his address with the Department of Justice "annually on the 
anniversary of his initial registration date" (i.e., March 5 of every year), that law 
was amended by Act No. 7372 on July 18, 2012. As amended, Section 1724(d) now 
requires only that Mr. Epstein "appear in person at the Department of Justice for the 
purposes of verification and keeping [his] registration current .. . once every year 
for 15 years from the time of release from custody . . . or from the date of 
sentencing . .." Thus, under the amended law, no particular date for Mr. Epstein's 
annual verification is specified. 
Mr. Epstein has maintained strict compliance with his Virgin Islands 
reporting and registration requirements throughout the entire three years that he 
has been registered, and he will continue to do so. Consistent with his well-
established compliance history, Mr. Epstein is seeking to renew his registration 
prior to commencing a particularly lengthy period of travel for business and 
professional purposes. As no particular date for renewal is specified under the 
amended law, Mr. Epstein is merely seeking confirmation from the Attorney General 
that Mr. Epstein may comply with 14 V.I.C. Section 1724(d) by appearing at the 
Department of Justice to renew his registration during the first two weeks in 
February 2013. He is requesting this confirmation so that he can continue to remain 
in full compliance with his Virgin Islands registration obligations, while at the same 
time satisfying the demanding travel requirements of his business and professional 
life. 
We thank you for your consideration of this request. Please let me know if 
there is anything further that you require for a favorable response. 
Respectfully, 
Darren K Indyke 
cc: 
Ms. Shani Pinney, Sex Offender Registration Coordinator 
Monica Carbon, Esq. 
EFTA00589671

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589672.pdf
----------------------------------------
McDermott 
Will&Emery 
MEMORANDUM 
Date: 
December 19, 2012 
To: 
Leon Black 
From: 
Elyse G. Kirschner 
Re: 
2012 Trusts for Your Children 
This memorandum explains the principal provisions of the four (4) trust 
agreements we have prepared for your children and the anticipated tax consequences of certain 
of their provisions. 
I. 
The 2012 Trusts 
A. 
Trust Fund 
Each child of yours will be a creator of a trust (the "settlor") for the primary 
benefit of his or her future children and more remote issue. It is anticipated that Alex and 
Victoria each will receive a distribution of assets from his or her existing 2011 trust, and will 
transfer such distributed assets to his or her trust. Ben and Josh each will fund his trust with the 
note issued to him from his 2011 Trust. Each new trust will be governed by the provisions 
described below. 
B. 
Dispositive Provisions 
1. 
Distributions 
The primary trust provides that the trustees must distribute as much of the trust 
fund to Debra and the settlor's issue' as the independent trustees determine for any reason. 
I 
For all purposes of the trust agreement, the settlor's issue includes the settlor's children and their descendants. 
DM US 40356043-1.088835.001I 
EFTA00589672
--- PAGE 2 ---
2. 
After Death of the Senior 
The primary trust will end upon the death of the senior. 
When the trust 
terminates, the remaining assets will be paid to the senior's issue then living,2 in a separate 
lifetime trust for each of them (described in I.B.4, below). 
3. 
Remote Takers 
In the event the senior not survived by any of his or her issue, any undisposed of 
property will be paid to his or her heirs-at-law. 
4. 
Separate Trusts for Issue 
Assets directed to be held in a separate trust for a child or more remote issue of 
the settlor will be held in a trust under article IV of the trust agreement. Each child or more 
remote issue is referred to as the "Primary Beneficiary." The trustees must pay as much of the 
trust fund of each trust to the Primary Beneficiary as they determine is necessary for the Primary 
Beneficiary's health, education, support and maintenance. In addition, the trustees must pay as 
much of the trust fund of each trust to the Primary Beneficiary as the independent trustees 
determine. When the Primary Beneficiary reaches age 35, he or she will have the power to 
appoint the trust fund to or for the benefit of any of the settlor's issue (other than himself or 
herself) either during his or her life or at death. This power may be suspended, terminated or 
postponed by the independent trustees for good cause, such as serious illness, creditor issues, a 
pending divorce or the like. 
Each trust will end on the Primary Beneficiary's death. Upon termination, any 
remaining assets will be paid to the Primary Beneficiary's issue then living, or if the Primary 
Beneficiary has no issue then living, to his or her siblings then living, or if none, to the senior's 
issue then living, in each case in a separate lifetime trust for each of them upon the same terms as 
the terminated trust. 
C. 
Trustees 
You will be the initial trustee of each trust. Please let us know if you would like 
to designate a co-trustee to serve with you. 
During the senior's lifetime, he or she will have the power to designate additional 
and/or successor trustees. The settlor also will have the power to remove trustees, provided that 
if the removed trustee was an independent trustee, such removal will not be effective until a new 
Assets payable under the trust agreement to an individual's issue will be paid in equal shares to such 
individual's children. If a child does not survive such individual, the predeceased child's share of the assets will 
be paid in equal shams to his or her children then living. 
DM US 40356043-1.088835.001I 
EFTA00589673
--- PAGE 3 ---
independent trustee is designated. After the settlor's death or disability, the trustees may 
designate additional and/or successor trustees of any trust other than a trust for which the 
Primary Beneficiary has the power to remove trustees. 
Please let us know if you approve of the provisions giving each settlor the power 
to remove and replace the trustees of his or her trust. If you think that some or all of your 
children are too young to have these powers, we can give you and/or Debra these powers for a 
period of time. 
After the settlor's death, beginning at age 35, each Primary Beneficiary may 
designate additional and/or successor trustees of his or her trust (including himself or herself), 
and may remove trustees of such trust, provided that if he or she removes an independent trustee, 
such removal will not be effective until a new independent trustee is designated.3
D. 
Administration and Modification 
The trust agreement gives the trustees broad investment and administrative 
powers. 
In addition, the independent trustees may modify the trust agreement in certain 
respects while the settlor is competent, but only after giving the settlor 5 days' written notice. 
The independent trustees are permitted to add any person to the class of beneficiaries of each 
trust while the settlor is competent. The modification powers have been included to give the 
trustees the flexibility to deal with future circumstances. 
IL 
Tax Consequences 
A. 
Gift Tax 
Any gift the senior makes to the primary trust will be a taxable gift. 
In 2012, each individual has a federal credit against lifetime taxable gifts (i.e.,
gifts in excess of the annual exclusion amounts described above and in excess of gifts for 
educational or medical expenses paid directly to those institutions and other than gifts to a 
spouse or charity) of $5.12 million. The settlor will fund the trust with an interest in the 
publishing company, the value of which is no greater than his or her remaining gift tax credit.4
These powers may be postponed by the independent trustee for good cause. 
We will confirm with Tom Turin that none of your children have used any of portion of his or her gift tax credit. 
DM US 40356043-1.088835.001I 
EFTA00589674
--- PAGE 4 ---
Federal gift tax returns should be filed to report the settlor's gifts to his or her 
primary trust. For contributions made in 2012, gift tax returns will be due on April 15, 2013. As 
long as the amount of the settlor's gifts to the trust in 2012 do not exceed the amount of his or 
her remaining federal gift tax credit, no federal gift tax should be due with respect to such gifts. 
B. 
Generation-Skipping Transfer Tax 
The generation-skipping transfer ("GST") tax generally is imposed, in addition to 
any gift or estate tax, on transfers to persons two or more generations below the transferor's own 
generation, at the highest estate and gift tax rate. It is also imposed on a trust when a beneficiary 
dies and there is no other beneficiary of the trust who is a member of the deceased beneficiary's 
generation or a higher generation. Under current law, each individual may currently transfer up 
to $5.12 million to such persons without incurring a GST tax (the so-called "GST exemption"). 
Unless Congress acts to change the law, this amount will be reduced in 2013 to about $1.43 
million. 
The settlor's GST exemption will be allocated automatically to his or her primary 
trust to shield from the GST tax those assets that may pass from the trust directly to his or her 
grandchildren or more remote issue, unless he or she elects out of the automatic allocation. We 
recommend that each settlor allow portions of his or her GST exemption to be allocated to his or 
her transfers to his or her trust on his or her gift tax return. 
C. 
Estate Tax 
The trust agreement does not give the settlor an interest in or control over the 
disposition of trust assets after he has contributed them to the trust. As a result, the trust property 
should not be included in his or her estate for estate tax purposes.5 Accordingly, the full value of 
the assets remaining in the trust at his or her death (including all appreciation on the original gift) 
should pass to his or her issue without federal or New York estate tax. 
D. 
Income Tax 
During the settlor's lifetime, the primary trust will be a grantor trust. This means 
that all of the trust's income, deductions, and credits will be taken into account by the settlor 
In the event that the assets a settlor contributes to his or her trust were to decrease in value, or in the event the 
IRS were to "claw back" his or her 2012 gift if the estate tax exempt amount (currently, $5.12 million) at the 
time of his or her death were less than the gift tax lifetime credit amount at the time of the gift, the independent 
trustees could decide to grant the settlor a limited power of appointment. If granted, the power would result in 
the trust property being included in the settlor's estate for estate tax purposes at the settlor's death. However, 
when calculating the settlor's federal estate tax, his or her executors would not count the 2012 gift as an 
"adjusted taxable gift," which means that the settlor's estate would essentially get back the gift tax credit 
previously used when the settlor made the 2012 gift, so the settlor would not have "wasted" his or her gift tax 
credit. 
DM US 40356043-1.088835.001I 
EFTA00589675
--- PAGE 5 ---
when he or she files his or her income tax returns. If the trustees use his or her social security 
number as the trust's taxpayer identification number, the trust will not be required to file income 
tax returns. The independent trustees will have the power to modify the trust so that they may 
reimburse the settlor for any income taxes the settlor incurs that are attributable to the income of 
the trust, provided that such power does not result in the settlor's creditors being able to reach the 
trust assets. 
After the settlor's death, each trust will be a separate taxpayer for income tax 
purposes and will be required to file annual federal income tax returns. Each trust will pay 
income tax on its income except to the extent distributed to beneficiaries.6 Each beneficiary will 
pay income tax on distributions received from the trust to the extent of his or her share of the 
distributed income. 
As part of its effort to curb tax shelters, the Internal Revenue Service has issued regulations that 
impose sanctions on attorneys who provide informal written tax advice without prominently 
disclosing that the advice cannot be relied upon by the taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding 
penalties. Because this memorandum contains a discussion of taxes but does not warrant the 
significant additional time or expense that would be involved in the preparation of a formal 
opinion that complies with the IRS rules, we include the relevant IRS disclosure, below. If you 
would like us to prepare a formal tax opinion on which you may rely for penalty relief, please let 
us know, and we can discuss the cost of preparing one. 
Internal Revenue Service Circular 230 Notice: To ensure compliance with requirements 
imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any U.S. tax advice contained in 
this communication (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot 
be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) 
promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed 
herein. 
EGK 
Under current law, it may be possible after the settlor's death for a trust to avoid New York income tax if it has 
no trustees who are New York residents, no tangible or real property located in New York and no New York 
source income. 
DM US 40356043-1.088835.001I 
EFTA00589676
--- PAGE 6 ---
Cc: Eileen Alexanderson 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Carlyn McCaffrey 
DM US 40356043-1.088835.001i 
EFTA00589677

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589678.pdf
----------------------------------------
AGREEMENT 
THIS AGREEMENT, dated as of December 
2012, by and among Jeffrey Epstein, with an 
address at 6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3, St. Thomas, USVI ("Epstein"), Leon Black, as a Black Family 
Member (as hereinafter defined) and in his capacity as the Black Family Representative (as hereinafter 
defined), and the persons and entities executing a signature page hereof (including Leon Black, each a 
"Black Family Member" and, collectively, the "Black Family Member?). 
This will confirm and constitute an indemnification and hold harmless agreement by and among 
the Black Family Members and Epstein regarding any and all consultations, information and materials at 
any and all times previously or hereafter provided by Epstein to the Black Family Members in connection 
with any and all matters directly or indirectly related to their respective financial estate plans (the 
"Consultation"). With respect to such indemnification and hold harmless, the Black Family Members and 
Epstein hereby agree as follows: 
1. 
Black Family Members Representative. Each of the Black Family Members hereby 
designates and appoints Leon Black, and Leon Black hereby accepts such appointment, as the 
representative of the Black Family Members for purposes of this Agreement (the "Black Family 
Representative"). All notices, communications, requests, permissions, decisions and actions hereunder 
with, from, by, on behalf of and to, any Black Family Member shall be made by or to Leon Black on 
behalf of such Black Family Member, and Epstein shall not be obligated to give, receive, or respond to 
any notice, communication, request, permission, decision or action from any Black Family Member, 
unless the same is made by the Black Family Representative. 
2. 
No Decisions or Actions by Epstein; No Representations, Warranties or Guarantees; 
Disclaimer; Indemnity. For good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged 
by the Black Family Members, and as material inducement for the Consultation by Epstein, the Black 
Family Members Agree as follows: 
(a) 
The Black Family Members acknowledge and agree that Epstein has absolutely no 
authority to, nor shall he, bind any or all of the Black Family Members, in contract or otherwise, or make 
any decisions or take any actions whatsoever on behalf of all or any of the Black Family Members under 
this Agreement, and that Epstein is not serving in any fiduciary capacity whatsoever to, for or on behalf of 
all or any of the Black Family Members. 
(b) 
Each Black Family Member expressly acknowledges and agrees that use of any and 
all information and materials obtained in connection with the Consultation is at the sole risk of the Black 
Family Members and each Black Family Member assumes the full risk and responsibility for any and all 
actions and decisions taken, or omitted to be taken, by or on behalf of such Black Family Member, or its 
principals, trustees, directors, officers managers, employees and agents, including without limitation, 
Leon Black, in connection with the Consultation and any and all information and materials obtained in 
connection with the Consultation. 
(c) 
The Consultation is provided without warranty of any kind, and Epstein hereby 
disclaims all warranties, guarantees and conditions with respect to the Consultation and all information 
and materials provided by Epstein in connection therewith, whether express or implied or statutory, 
including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, of satisfactory quality, of fitness 
for a particular purpose and of accuracy. 
EFTA00589678
--- PAGE 2 ---
(d) 
Each Black Family Member further acknowledges and agrees that Epstein will not 
under any circumstances be liable to any Black Family Member for any loss that such Black Family 
Member may incur as a result of any decisions or actions taken, or omitted to be taken, in connection with 
the Consultation and any and all information or materials obtained in connection with the Consultation. 
(e) 
In no event shall Epstein be liable for any injury, or any incidental, special, indirect 
or consequential damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, business 
interruption or other commercial damages or losses, arising out of or related to the Consultation or the 
Black Family Members' use or failure to use any information or materials provided by Epstein in 
connection with the Consultation, however caused, regardless of the theory of liability (contract, tort or 
otherwise), and even if Epstein has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 
(f) 
The Black Family Members jointly, and each of them severally, hereby agree to 
indemnify and hold Epstein harmless from and against any and all claims, liability, damages, costs, fees 
and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) arising out of, 
relating to or connected with the Consultation and/or the use of any and all of the information and 
materials provided by Epstein in connection with the consultation. 
3. 
Assistance to Attorneys. At all times previously and hereafter the Consultation was and 
shall be provided by Epstein in connection with certain legal representation of Leon Black and Debra 
Black by Carlyn McCaffrey, Esquire ("McCaffrey") and the law firm of McDermott, Will and Emery (the 
"Law Firm"). The Consultation is for the purpose of assisting McCaffrey and the Law Firm in their 
representation of Leon Black and Debra Black. All prior or future communications between Epstein and 
the Black Family Members, and/or between Epstein and McCaffrey and/or the Law Firm, shall be 
confidential, and shall be made for the purpose of assisting McCaffrey and the Law Firm in their 
representation of such Black Family Members. All information, work papers, records, or other documents 
specifically pertaining to the Black Family Members that previously came or hereafter come into the 
possession of or were or are created for, by, on behalf of, or at the direction of Epstein in connection with 
the Consultation shall be confidential and held by Epstein subject to confidentiality and non-disclosure 
provisions prescribed by the Law Firm. 
4. 
No Investment Advice. Each Black Family Member hereby acknowledges and agrees, and 
Epstein hereby expressly declares, that in connection with the Consultation, Epstein is neither acting in 
any way as an "investment advisor", as such term is defined in and interpreted in accordance with the 
provisions of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940, as amended, the regulations promulgated thereunder, 
and the interpretive releases issued in connection therewith, nor holding himself out in any way 
whatsoever as being engaged in any business which directly or indirectly provides advice, 
recommendations, publications, writings, reports or analyses regarding any matter or thing which might 
cause him to be deemed an "investment advisor" as such term is so defined. Each Black Family Member 
further acknowledges and agrees that no part of the Consultation constitutes any advice, 
recommendations, publications, or writings whatsoever regarding: (a) the value of securities or the 
advisability of investing in, purchasing, or selling securities, (b) the relative advantages or disadvantages 
of investing in securities in general as compared to other investments; (c) any other matters relating to any 
specific securities or securities in general; (d) the selection of investment managers, or investment funds 
or entities; or (e) the allocation of certain percentages of assets to specific classes of securities, investment 
funds, or investment managers; or (f) any other activities matters similar to those set forth in clauses (a) 
through (e) above. 
EFTA00589679
--- PAGE 3 ---
5. 
Notices. All notices, requests, permissions or other communications which any party 
hereto may be required or desire to give to any other party hereto under this Agreement must be in writing 
and sent by (a) first class U.S. certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, with postage prepaid, 
(b) telecopy, facsimile or email (with a copy sent by first class U.S. certified or registered mail, return 
receipt requested, with postage prepaid), or (c) express mail or courier (for either same day or next 
Business Day delivery). A notice or other communication sent in compliance with the provisions of this 
Section 5 shall be deemed given and received on (x) the third (3rd) Business Day following the date it is 
deposited in the U.S. mail, (y) the date of confirmed dispatch if sent by facsimile, telecopy or email 
(provided that a copy thereof is sent by mail the same day in the manner provided in clause (b) above), or 
(z) the date it is delivered to the other party's address if sent by express mail or courier. 
All notices, requests, permissions and other communications to Epstein shall be addressed to Epstein at 
the following address: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Facsimile No.: 340 775-2528 
email: 
Attention: 
Mr. Jeffrey E. Epstein, President 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to Seller): 
Darren K. Indyke, Esq. 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Facsimile No.: (646) 350-0378 
email: 
All notices, requests, permissions and other communications to any of the Black Family Members shall be 
addressed to such party at the following address: 
Apollo Management 
West 57'h Street, 43rd Floor 
New York, NY 10019 
Facsimile No.: (212) 515-3261 
email: 
Attention: Mr. Leon Black, Black Family Representative 
Any party hereto may designate another addressee or change its address for notices and other 
communications hereunder by a notice given to the other parties hereto in the manner provided in this 
Section 5. 
6. 
Severability. If any of the covenants, terms, conditions or provisions of this Agreement 
are held invalid for any reason, such invalidity shall not affect the other covenants, terms, conditions and 
provisions hereof which can be given effect without the invalid covenant, term, condition or provision, as 
EFTA00589680
--- PAGE 4 ---
the covenants, terms conditions and provisions of this Agreement are intended to be and shall be deemed 
severable. 
7. 
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction. 
(a) 
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws 
of the United States Virgin Islands, applicable to contracts executed and to be fully performed therein, 
without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of law. 
(b) 
Each party hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of any court sitting in the United States Virgin Islands over any suit, action or proceeding 
arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Each party hereto agrees that service of any process, 
summons, notice or document by registered mail or certified mail addressed to such party hereto shall be 
effective service of process for any action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court. Each party 
hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such suit, 
action or proceeding brought in any such court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding 
brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each party hereto agrees that a final, 
non-appealable judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court shall be 
conclusive and binding upon such party and may be enforced in any other courts to whose jurisdiction 
such party is or may be subject, by suit upon judgment. 
8. 
Counterparts; Delivery. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which 
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This 
Agreement may be executed and delivered by delivery of a facsimile copy of an executed signature page 
or counterpart hereof or by e-mailing a PDF version of a signed signature page or counterpart hereof, and 
each shall have the same force and effect as the delivery of an originally executed signature page or 
counterpart hereof. 
9. 
Construction. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been prepared, and negotiations 
shall be deemed to have occurred in connection with such preparation, pursuant to the joint efforts of the 
parties to this Agreement. This Agreement therefore shall be construed simply and fairly and not strictly 
for or against any party to this Agreement. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as 
of the day and year first above written. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
LEON BLACK, as a Black Family Member and 
in his capacity as the Black Family Representative 
[OTHER BLACK FAMILY MEMBERS' SIGNATURES ON THE FOLLOWING PAGES] 
EFTA00589681
--- PAGE 5 ---
AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF DECEMBER _, 2012, BY AND AMONG JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
LEON BLACK, AS A BLACK FAMILY MEMBER AND IN HIS CAPACITY AS THE BLACK 
FAMILY REPRESENTATIVE, AND THE PERSONS AND ENTITIES EXECUTING A 
COUNTERPART OF THIS SIGNATURE PAGE 
BLACK FAMILY MEMBERS SIGNATURE PAGE 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Black Family Member has caused this Agreement to 
be duly executed as of the day and year first above written 
Name of Black Family Member: 
Address: 
Name of Signatory: 
Title of Signatory: 
Signature: 
EFTA00589682

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589683.pdf
----------------------------------------
Financier, Jeffrey Epstein, Accelerates the Course of Evolution at Harvard 
Evolution is always on the move but nowhere has it been more in flux than at Harvard 
University. Indeed ten years ago, an Austrian biologist and mathematician called Martin Nowak, 
at the Advanced Institute for Studies at Princeton, met with an unknown New York financier 
called Jeffrey Epstein, to discuss the evolution of language. Epstein was by then an established 
philanthropist in the sciences. But what emerged was far more pragmatic than the first 
evolutionary theory of irregular verbs. What emerged was an entire department at Harvard, under 
Nowak's direction, to study the evolution of human diseases with the primary use of 
mathematics. 
The department, called the Program for Evolutionary Dynamics or PED, was no ordinary 
department. Epstein established it in August 2003, with an unprecedented $30 million dollar gift 
to the university. It quickly became one of the first of its kind to study the mathematical 
evolution of micro biology, notably cancer, infectious diseases and viruses such as HIV—in 
view of advancing their treatment. 
And by creating the first mathematical models of how human cancer cells, viruses and bacteria 
evolve, Nowak and his graduate team have been able to identify groundbreaking aspects about 
these diseases and steps to treat them more effectively. 
The somewhat calculated meeting between the two men first occurred in March of 2000 when 
Epstein, with a passion for cutting-edge science, flew Nowak to his island in the US Virgin 
Islands to host a conference on the evolution of language. It was an obscure topic, but Epstein, 
familiar with Nowak's HIV work at Princeton, wanted to get to know the scientist intimately and 
if that involved furthering Nowak's current research on language, so be it. 
At that time, Nowak was head of the Program in Theoretical Biology at the Institute for 
Advanced Study at Princeton and had already published a substantial amount of work on the 
mathematics of the HIV virus, infectious bacteria, and cancer cells. Before going to Princeton, 
Nowak had been the head of the mathematical-biology group at Oxford University. His 
motivation for research differed from Epstein's. While they were both enraptured with 
unraveling the big questions about existence, Nowak is a practicing Roman Catholic and a 
declared humanist with a desire to serve society. Epstein on the other hand, is first and foremost 
EFTA00589683
--- PAGE 2 ---
a problem solver, interested in strategy and intellectual puzzles. He is equally devoted to physics, 
artificial intelligence, and the human brain. According to Nowak, Epstein was fascinated with his 
game theory of win-stay, lose-shift and eager to see how it could be applied to the markets. That 
is not to say that Epstein had no interest in purely humanistic endeavors. He has given to 
countless organizations to further early and primary education, notably in the U.S. Virgin 
Islands, where his foundation is based. But his essence is in uncovering the big questions, a 
possible but perhaps insatiable desire. 
Epstein was not amateur philanthropist or science groupee. By 2003, he had supported the 
research of many prominent scientists, including Stephen Hawking, Marvin Minsky, Eric 
Lander, George Church, and Nobel laureate physicists Gerard 't Hooft, David Gross, and Frank 
Wilczek. According to New York Magazine, he is one of the largest donors to individual 
scientists around the world, granting up to $200 million a year. He was also a member of the 
New York Academy of Science, a member of Rockefeller University's board, and actively 
involved in the Santa Fe Institute, the Quantum Gravity Program at the University of 
Pennsylvania, and the Mind, Brain & Behavior Advisory Committee at Harvard. Epstein himself 
had studied physics at the Cooper Union in New York and mathematics at the Courant Institute 
in New York and moved on to teaching calculus and physics at the Dalton School in Manhattan. 
Within a couple of years, he was quickly recruited into options trading on Wall Street and 
applied his mathematical wit to the markets, focusing on the then popular Black Scholes model. 
But Epstein's heart remained in the pure sciences. He was fascinated by fundamental questions 
on the one hand, and as a fervent businessman, eager to apply scientific theory to the real world. 
It was this combination that drew him to Nowak. For Nowak's work embodied both large 
theoretical concepts about evolution and also focused on the treatment of disease with the use of 
evolutionary mathematics. Epstein could not only probe a brilliant mind about the origins of life, 
but, with his connections at Harvard, was able to provide Nowak a powerful platform to put his 
pioneering medical research into immediate practice. 
So in August 2003, with the cooperation of Lawrence Summers, then president of Harvard, the 
Program for Evolutionary Dynamics (PED) set up for business under the direction of Nowak, 
who was made a professor of mathematics and biology at Harvard. 
EFTA00589684
--- PAGE 3 ---
PED's math models soon led to key discoveries towards combatting diseases of all kinds. In 
2012, Nowak and two postdoctoral students, Benjamin Allen and Ivana Bozic, developed the 
first mathematical model of how human colon-cancer cells evolve and how they become immune 
to inhibitor-drug therapy. Their research was conducted at the request of the Pathology and 
Oncology Department at Johns Hopkins University. The department was trying to understand 
how the KRAS gene in colon-cancer cells becomes activated after inhibitor-drug therapy, 
making the cells resistant to treatment. 
By developing a mathematical model of the growth of colon-cancer cells, Nowak and his team 
showed that the KRAS gene is not actually activated or "switched on" by inhibitor therapy; 
rather, a small percentage of colon-cancer cells with an already activated KRAS gene are 
immune from the start and come to dominate as the other cancer cells are destroyed by the 
inhibitor drug. The discovery was critical in changing the approach to inhibitor-drug therapy. 
Instead of applying drugs in sequence to fight secondary and tertiary resistance, the researchers 
at Johns Hopkins are now exploring the effects of using a cocktail of inhibitor drugs to capture 
all colon-cancer cell types: those with the activated KRAS gene and those without. The same 
tailored approach is underway for other cancers. 
In 2010, Ivana Bozic and Martin Nowak co-authored a mathematical study that showed that most 
solid tumors contain 40 to 100 genetic mutations, but that on average only 5 to 15 of those 
actually drive tumor growth. The findings were essential to the researchers at Johns Hopkins and 
elsewhere because they demonstrated the importance of isolating a key minority of mutated 
tumor cells for effective inhibitor treatment. 
"Mathematics in medical research reveals patterns that are otherwise hidden," remarked Epstein, 
who maintains a frequent presence at PED. "It's exhilarating when a mathematician can 
determine molecular and cellular behavior with the precision of an engineer and share those 
findings with physicians." 
In that same year 2010, the PED presented to Bert Vogelstein, professor and director of the 
Ludwig Center for Cancer Genetics and Therapeutics at the Johns Hopkins Kimmel Cancer 
Center and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute, a mathematical model showing the genetic 
evolution of pancreatic-cancer cells from initial mutation to non-primary malignant cells. What 
Nowak's team had found was surprising: that pancreatic cancer, one of the most lethal forms of 
EFTA00589685
--- PAGE 4 ---
cancer, is not fast and furious as believed, but slow to develop. In fact, given the amount and 
type of genetic disparity between the cellular stages, it appears that it takes about ten years for an 
initiating mutation to grow to a parental, non-metastatic founder cell and another six years for 
cells to become malignant. 
The findings highlighted the importance and real possibility of isolating pancreatic mutations 
prior to metastasis. Johns Hopkins scientists are now focusing on developing a pancreatic cancer 
screening method similar to the protocol used for breast and colon cancers. Though early stages 
of pancreatic cancer cause no known symptoms, the John Hopkins team is looking into 
pancreatic screening endoscopies for patients of a certain age. 
Over the last two years, Nowak and his team have also collaborated with the Johns Hopkins to 
develop a database to map and predict the effect of drugs on the HIV virus. Like cancer cells, 
HIV often develops resistance to drug cocktails. This is a major problem for patients and the trial 
and error of clinical trials can be hugely debilitating. Using data collected from thousands of 
blood tests on more than 20 anti-HIV drugs, the model calculates each drug's ability to suppress 
viral replication and avoid resistant HIV strains. The model also factors in different drug 
combinations and dosages, and information about the patient such as blood type, age, and sex to 
arrive at the most precisely engineered predictor of results for future patients. 
Much has been written about the Program for Evolutionary Dynamics and Nowak's work. 
Nowak is also the honored recipient of numerous awards, a frequent guest lecturer and the author 
of several books. And while Jeffrey Epstein remains an obscure figure, tarnished now by a series 
of scandals involving underage women, one of which led to an 18-month jail sentence, he is 
nonetheless the talented catalyst, the accelerator of all this medical discovery. Whatever his 
ignominy, Epstein's continued bond with Nowak and PED emphasizes that nature is neither 
fastidious nor judgmental, nor is its dynamic always gradual. Discovery can be sparked into 
being by an unlikely combustion, pragmatically driven and above all, errs towards sustainability, 
its great self, no matter how outlying its' gaze. 
EFTA00589686
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00589687

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589688.pdf
----------------------------------------
INDEMNIFICATION, PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
THIS INDEMNIFICATION, PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this 
"Agreement"), dated as of July 
, 2017, is given by David J. Mitchell ("Pledgor"), in favor 
of Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein").
RECITALS: 
A. 
Life Hotel One LLC ("Borrower") is borrowing a $41,000,000.00 loan ("Loan") 
from Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch ("Lender"), secured by one or more mortgages 
encumbering that certain hotel to be completed and located at 19 West 31s' Street, New York, 
New York 10001 ("Hotel"); 
B. 
As a credit enhancement for the Loan, Pledgor and Stephen P. Hanson 
("Hanson"), as beneficial owners of Borrower, are providing one or more personal guaranties, 
renewals or ratifications thereof, dated as of the date hereof ("Loan Guaranties"), to Lender; 
C. 
In connection with the Loan and Loan Guaranties, Hanson and Mitchell agreed to 
be share liability under the Loan Guaranties; and Pledgor agreed to cause Epstein to agree to 
guaranty ("Epstein Guaranty"), payment to Hanson of up to $1,000,000.00 towards Pledgor's 
obligations to Hanson under Loan Guaranties (the "Mitchell Hanson Obligations"); 
D. 
In order to induce Epstein to give the Epstein Guaranty, and as security for 
Pledgor's obligations to Epstein hereunder, Pledgor is hereby agreeing to indemnify Epstein and 
pledge the Collateral to Epstein, each as more particularly provided in this Agreement. 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the recitals, covenants and agreements set forth 
herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are 
hereby mutually acknowledged, and intending to be bound hereby, Pledgor and Epstein agrees as 
follows: 
AGREEMENT 
1. 
Pledge of Collateral. Pledgor does hereby convey, transfer, assign, set over and 
grant unto Epstein, as security for the performance of the Secured Obligations (as defined 
below), a continuing security interest in the artwork more particularly described in Exhibit A, 
annexed hereto (collectively, the "Collateral"). At all times, Epstein's lien on and security 
interest in the Collateral shall be a first priority security interest in the Collateral, securing the 
payment in full of the Secured Obligations. 
2. 
Security for Obligations. This Agreement secures, and the Collateral is, collateral 
security for, (a) the prompt payment in full when due, of all amounts owing from Pledgor to 
Epstein under Section 3 of this Agreement, and (b) the expenses, if any, described in Section 7 
(collectively, the "Secured Obligations"). 
3. 
Indemnification of Epstein. Pledgor hereby agrees to indemnify, defend with 
counsel reasonably acceptable to Epstein, and hold Epstein harmless from and against any 
liabilities, losses, costs or expenses incurred in connection with Epstein's performance under the 
487336-3-W 
EFTA00589688
--- PAGE 2 ---
Epstein Guaranty arising out of Mitchell's failure, or alleged failure, to fulfill the Mitchell 
Hanson Obligations. 
4. 
Delivery. Care and Return of Collateral: 
4.1 
Pledgor shall cause the Collateral to be delivered to Epstein at 9 East 715' 
Street, New York, New York 10021, by not later than July 31, 2017. 
4.2 
At Pledgor's expense (but with Epstein's cooperation as the same shall be 
necessary), Pledgor shall maintain 
insurance covering the Collateral for not less than 
 (which insurance may be pursuant to a blanket policy). In the event of any loss, 
Pledgor shall have the sole and exclusive right to settle and claims with the carrier; provided, 
however, the proceeds not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be placed in an escrow account until the 
earlier of: (a) the amendment of this Agreement to substitute the funds in the account for the 
Collateral; and (b) Pledgor obtaining a termination of the Epstein Guaranty from Hanson. 
4.3 
Pledgor shall have the right to cause a tag to be affixed to the Collateral 
identifying Pledgor as the owner of the Collateral. If Pledgor affixes a tag, Epstein shall not 
remove such tag at any time. Pledgor shall have the right to inspect the Collateral at reasonable 
times, upon reasonable notice. 
4.4 
Upon the earlier to occur of: (a) termination of this Agreement; (b) 
termination of the Epstein Guaranty; (c) Epstein's payment of the maximum amount owing 
under the Epstein Guaranty and Pledgor's repayment, in full, of such sums to Epstein; and (d) 
substitution of the Collateral as provided in Section 4.2, Pledgor shall be entitled to the 
immediate return of the Collateral. Epstein shall provide reasonable access, during business 
hours, to accommodate Pledgor's collection of the Collateral. 
5. 
Representations. Warranties and Covenants of Pledgor. 
Pledgor makes the 
following representations and warranties: 
5.1 
Pledgor is the sole legal, record and beneficial owner of the Collateral free 
and clear of all liens and encumbrances, except for the security interest created by this 
Agreement. 
5.2 
There are no judgments outstanding against or affecting Pledgor or any 
property of Pledgor, nor is there any action, charge, claim, demand, suit, proceeding, petition, 
governmental investigation or arbitration now pending or, to the knowledge of Pledgor, 
threatened against Pledgor or affecting any property of Pledgor which would adversely affect the 
Collateral. 
5.3 
So long as the Collateral remains pledged to Epstein under this 
Agreement, Pledgor shall not transfer, hypothecate or further pledge or encumber the Collateral 
or any interest therein. 
6. 
Event of Default. It shall constitute an event of default ("Event of Default") 
hereunder if, within ten (10) days after receipt of written demand therefor, Pledgor shall fail to: 
(a) timely perform or pay any of the Secured Obligations; (b) deliver the Collateral to Epstein as 
487336-3-W 
EFTA00589689
--- PAGE 3 ---
required under Section 4.1; or (c) cure Pledgor's breach of any covenant, representation or 
warranty of Pledgor contained in Section 5. 
7. 
Remedies. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder, Epstein may, 
at its option, exercise in respect of the Collateral, all the rights and remedies of a Secured Party 
on default under the Uniform Commercial Code of New York at that time, including, without 
limitation, the right to sell the Collateral and Epstein shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding 
and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral 
sold at public sale, to use and apply any of the Secured Obligations as a credit on account of the 
purchase price of any Collateral payable by Epstein at such sale. 
8. 
Financing Statements. Pledgor and Epstein agree that: (a) Epstein shall have the 
right to file one or more financing statements, naming Pledgor as debtor, to perfect Epstein's 
security interest in the Collateral; and (b) Pledgor shall have the right to file one or more 
financing statements, naming Epstein as debtor, solely for the purpose of protecting Pledgor's 
right to the return of the Collateral as provided herein and to put the public on notice of Pledgor's 
ownership of the Collateral subject only to Epstein's security interest granted hereunder. 
9. 
Covenant of Epstein. Epstein agrees and covenants that notwithstanding any 
possession or control of the Collateral granted to Epstein hereunder Epstein shall not relocate, 
transfer, hypothecate, pledge or encumber the Collateral or any interest therein. Furthermore, 
except as expressly permitted in accordance with Section 7 herein, Epstein shall not sell the 
Collateral. 
10. 
Termination. This Agreement and the security interest created by this Agreement 
shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (a) payment in full of all amounts owed from 
Pledgor to Epstein under this Agreement; (b) termination of the Epstein Guaranty prior to 
Epstein becoming obligated to make any payments thereunder; and (c) termination of the 
Contribution Agreement prior to Pledgor becoming obligated to make any payments thereunder. 
II. 
Govemine Law. 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 
12. 
Binding Nature: No Assignment: Counterparts. 
All agreements, covenants, 
conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the 
respective estates of the parties hereto. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party. 
This Agreement may be executed and delivered in counterparts and by facsimile or electronically 
in portable document format. 
13. 
Amendment. This Agreement may be modified or amended only by a writing 
expressly relating to this Agreement and signed by the party to be charged. 
487336-3-W 
EFTA00589690
--- PAGE 4 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first above written. 
PLEDGOR: 
DAVID J. MITCHELL 
EPSTEIN: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
487336-3-W 
EFTA00589691
--- PAGE 5 ---
Exhibit A 
592352: 
Roman carved sculpture of couple, 79 x 34 x 19 crated 
592353: 
Roman carved sculpture of man with fruit, 39 x 27 x 23, marble, crated 
Photos attached. 
487336-3-W 
EFTA00589692

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589693.pdf
----------------------------------------
ESPA ENGINE SALES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
JT8D-219 ESN 726121 ESN 726122 
DATED 
2016 
JEGE INC. (TRADING AS "JEGE") 
AS "SELLER" 
- AND - 
PETROLAIR, S.A. 
(TRADING AS "PETROLAIR") 
AS "BUYER" 
SALE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
IN RESPECT OF TWO PRATT WHITNEY 
JT8D-219 ENGINES 
BEARING ESN 726121 ESN 726122 
Petrolair SA/ JEGE INC 
EFTA00589693
--- PAGE 2 ---
ESPA ENGINE SALES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
JTBD-219 ESN 726121 ESN 726122 
CONTENTS 
Clause 
Headings 
Page 
1. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
2. 
Sale and Purchase of the Engine 
3. 
Price and Payment 
4. 
Title 
5. 
Inspection and Delivery 
6. 
Total Loss or Delay 
7. 
Warranties and Liability 
8. 
Notices 
9. 
General 
Appendices 
A 
Engine Specification 
B 
Technical Acceptance Certificate 
C 
Acceptance Certificate 
D 
Bill of Sale 
Petrolair SA/ JEGE INC 
EFTA00589694
--- PAGE 3 ---
ESPA ENGINE SALES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
JTBD-219 ESN 726121 ESN 726122 
THIS AGREEMENT is made the 
day of 
2016. 
BETWEEN: 
A. 
JEGE INC. (trading as JEGE), a company established in with its principal place of 
business 3800 Southern Blvd, Suite 204, West Palm Beach, FL 33406 United States 
of America ("the Seller"); and 
B. 
PETROLAIR, S.A.. (trading as PETROLAIR. ), a company established in the 
SWITZERLAND with its principal place of business at Flurhofstrasse 15, 6374 
Buochs, SWITZERLAND, ("the "Buyer"). 
NOW IT IS AGREED as follows: 
1. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
In this Agreement, except where the context otherwise requires, the following words 
and expressions shall have the following meanings: 
1.1 
"Engine" PRATT WHITNEY ENGINE MODEL JT8D-219 equipment/ in Bare 
Configuration will full documents more particularly described in Appendix A but 
excluding, for the avoidance of any doubt, with full trace 
1.2 
"Cape Town Convention" means the Convention on International Interests in 
Mobile Equipment and its Protocol on Matters Specific to Engine Equipment, 
concluded in Cape Town on 16 November 2001, as the same may be amended; 
1.3 
"Delivery" means the transfer of title to the Engine from the Seller to the Buyer in 
accordance with Clause 5.4; 
1.4 
"Delivery Date" means the day on which Delivery takes place, which is expected to 
take place on or about August 31, 2016, (or sooner) to be mutually agreed by the 
parties and which may be postponed in accordance with Clause 6; 
1.5 
"Deposit" means the sum of $100,000.00 USD plus VAT, if applicable, at the rate 
prevailing at the date of payment which shall be non-refundable save as provided in 
Clause 5.2; 
1.6 
"Escrow Agent" means TBD [at buyer's full discretion] 
1.7 
"Escrow Agent's Bank Account" means the bank account of the Escrow Agent, the 
details of which are set out in Appendix E of this Agreement; 
1.8 
"Excusable Delay" means delay in Delivery resulting from any cause or reason 
whatsoever beyond the reasonable control of the Seller and/or the Buyer including 
(without limitation) act of God, war, riot, public disturbance, fire, flood, adverse 
weather conditions, explosion, natural disaster, strike, labour troubles, the action or 
inaction of any government or other competent authority or the refusal of any licence, 
certificate or permission, or the inability after reasonable efforts to procure 
equipment, data or materials; 
Petrolair SA/ JEGE INC 
EFTA00589695
--- PAGE 4 ---
ESPA ENGINE SALES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
JTBD-219 ESN 726121 ESN 726122 
1.9 
"Purchase Price" means the sum of $800,000.00 USD EA plus VAT, if applicable, 
at the rate prevailing at the date of payment; 
1.10 
"Seller's Bank Account" means the following: 
Beneficiary name xxxxxxxxxxxxx 
Bank 
xxxxxxxxxxxxx 
Account number 
xxxxxxxxxxxxx 
SWIFT CODE 
xxxxxxxxxxxxx 
Branch 
xxxxxxxxxxxxx 
ABA 
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
1.11 
any reference to the plural includes the singular and vice versa; 
1.12 
any reference to one gender includes both genders; 
1.13 
any reference to a person includes natural persons, corporate bodies, partnerships, 
firms, unincorporated bodies and all legal persons whatever; 
1.14 
headings are given for convenience only and shall not affect interpretation; 
1.15 
any reference to the Seller or the Buyer includes its permitted successors and 
assigns; and 
1.16 
any reference to any document (including this Agreement) includes such document 
as from time to time varied or supplemented in accordance with its terms. 
2. 
SALE AND PURCHASE OF THE ENGINE 
2.1 
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Seller agrees to sell and deliver to the 
Buyer and the Buyer agrees to buy and take from the Seller the Engine "AS IS" and 
in Serviceable Condition. 
3. 
PRICE AND PAYMENT 
3.1 
The Buyer shall pay the Purchase Price for the Engine in immediately available funds 
by bank to bank transfer in the following manner: 
(a) 
the Deposit, directly to Seller's Bank Account [on the date of execution of the 
Purchase Order][and receipt is acknowledged]; and 
(b) 
the balance of the Purchase Price, to the Escrow Agent's Bank Account in 
accordance with Clause 5.3. 
3.2 
For the purposes of the Buyer making payment of the Purchase Price or any 
instalment thereof, time shall be of the essence. The Buyer's obligation to pay the 
Purchase Price or any instalment under this Agreement is absolute and unconditional 
irrespective of any contingency whatsoever including (but not limited to):-
Petrolair SA/ JEGE INC 
EFTA00589696
--- PAGE 5 ---
ESPA ENGINE SALES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
JTBD-219 ESN 726121 ESN 726122 
(a) 
any right of set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defence or other right which 
either party to this Agreement may have against the other; 
(b) 
any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganisation, arrangement, readjustment of 
debt, liquidation or similar proceedings by or against the Seller or the Buyer; 
(c) 
any invalidity or unenforceability or lack of due authorisation of, or other 
defect in, this Agreement; and 
(d) 
any other cause which but for this provision would or might otherwise have 
the effect of terminating or in any way affecting any obligation of the Buyer 
under this Agreement. 
3.3 
The Purchase Price does not include any taxes, duties, levies, import or export 
charges or similar charges (including without limitation VAT) payable in connection 
with the sale, delivery or use after delivery of the Engine or with this Agreement, all of 
which the Buyer shall bear and, upon demand, pay to the Seller or to the relevant tax 
authority (as applicable). 
4. 
TITLE 
4.1 
Full legal and beneficial title to the Engine will be transferred by the Seller to the 
Buyer at Delivery in accordance with Clause 5.6. 
5. 
INSPECTION AND DELIVERY 
5.1 
The Buyer will be afforded the opportunity to carry out a conformity inspection of the 
Engine in Brunswick, GA of not more than Three (3) days duration, the scope of 
which shall be limited to (VBSI and records evaluation) to determine that the Engine 
is materially in the same condition as stated in the bidding document presented by 
the Seller. The cost of such inspection will be to the account of the Buyer. 
5.2 
If the Buyer determines that the Engine is materially in the same condition as stated 
in the Quotation presented by the Seller, the Buyer shall execute the Technical 
Acceptance Certificate in the form set out in Appendix B and the deposit shall be 
deemed non-refundable. If a material non-conformity with the stated condition of the 
Engine is found and the parties determine, acting reasonably, that this could have an 
material adverse effect on the marketability of the Engine, the Buyer shall have the 
option to terminate this Agreement by notice in writing to the Seller and upon such 
termination, neither party shall have any further obligation or liability to the other 
under this Agreement and the Seller shall retum the Deposit in FULL and any funds 
paid in respect of the Purchase Price, if applicable, to the Buyer forthwith. 
5.3 
At least 3 business days (a 'business day' being a day when banks in New York are 
authorised to be open for business) prior to the Delivery Date:-
5.3.1 the Buyer shall have paid to the Escrow Agent the balance of the Purchase 
Price referred to in clause 3.1(b); 
5.3.2 the Buyer shall deliver to the Escrow Agent a signed but undated Acceptance 
Certificate in the form set out in Appendix C; 
Petrolair SA/ JEGE INC 
EFTA00589697
--- PAGE 6 ---
ESPA ENGINE SALES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
JTBD-219 ESN 726121 ESN 726122 
5.3.3 the Seller shall deliver to the Escrow Agent a signed but undated bill of sale in 
the form set out in Appendix D; and 
5.3.4 each of the Seller and the Buyer shall ensure that they have a valid and 
current account as a Transacting User Entity on the International Registry 
established pursuant to the Cape Town Convention. 
5.4 
On the Delivery Date, subject to confirmation from the Escrow Agent, the Seller and 
the Buyer that all the requirements set out in Clause 5.3 above have been satisfied, 
the Seller, the Buyer and the Escrow Agent shall commence a conference call and 
there shall simultaneously occur the following and Delivery shall be deemed to have 
occurred: 
5.4.1 the Escrow Agent shall release the balance of the Purchase Price to the Seller; 
5.4.2 the Escrow Agent shall date and release to the Seller the Acceptance 
Certificate; 
5.4.4 the Escrow Agent shall date and release to the Buyer the bill of sale; and 
5.4.5 the Transacting User Entities of each of the Seller and the Buyer shall be 
instructed to register the bill of sale on the International Registry as a `contract 
of sale' in respect of the Engine. 
5.5 
After Delivery, and if requested by the Buyer, the Seller shall provide all reasonable 
assistance required by the Buyer, at Buyer's cost, to (i) effect the de-registration of 
the Engine from the Engine register maintained by the FAA. 
6. 
TOTAL LOSS OR DELAY 
6.1 
In the event of the total loss of the Engine prior to Delivery this Agreement shall 
automatically terminate. 
6.2 
If Delivery does not take place on the Delivery Date as a result of any Excusable 
Delay, the affected party shall not be liable or deemed to be in default but shall 
promptly notify the other party of any expected delay and its cause and estimated 
duration, whereupon the Delivery Date shall be postponed for a period equal to the 
period of the Excusable Delay. If the period of Excusable Delay exceeds [ 3 1 days, 
either party shall be entitled by written notice to the other party to terminate this 
Agreement. 
6.3 
In the event of termination pursuant to this Clause 6 neither party shall have any 
further obligation or liability to the other under this Agreement. 
6.4 
All risk of loss of or damage to and possession of the Engine will pass to the Buyer at 
Delivery in GEORGIA. 
Petrolair SA/ JEGE INC 
EFTA00589698
--- PAGE 7 ---
ESPA ENGINE SALES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
JTBD-219 ESN 726121 ESN 726122 
7. 
WARRANTIES, LIABILITY AND INSURANCE 
7.1 
The Seller warrants that at the time of Delivery: 
7.1.1 it will be the legal and beneficial owner of the Engine. 
7.2.2 it will transfer title in the Engine to the Buyer with full title guarantee clear of 
all liens, charges, mortgages and encumbrances of whatsoever nature in 
accordance with the provisions of clause 5.4 above. 
7.2 
THE BUYER UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT THE ENGINE IS BEING SOLD 
AND PURCHASED IN AS IS WHERE IS CONDITION. 
7.4 
With effect from Delivery, the Buyer shall fully indemnify and hold harmless the Seller 
and its financiers and affiliates and each of their respective shareholders, officers, 
directors, agents, successors, assigns, servants and employees (each an 
'Indemnified Party') on demand against all losses, liabilities, claims, proceedings, 
actions, suits, damages, costs, charges, expenses (including legal fees) suffered or 
incurred, whether directly or indirectly, by an Indemnified Party arising out of or 
connected in any way with the purchase, ownership, possession, registration, 
performance, transportation, management, control, inspection, use or operation, 
condition, testing, delivery, maintenance, repair, refurbishment, service, modification, 
overhaul, replacement, storage, tear down, disassembly, part-out, salvage, removal 
or disposal of the Engine or otherwise in connection with the Engine, or relating to 
loss or destruction of or damage to any property, or death or injury of, or 
consequential or other loss of whatever nature suffered or incurred by any person 
caused by, relating to or arising from or out of (in each case whether directly or 
indirectly) any of the foregoing matters. 
7.5.1 The Buyer acknowledges that it has placed no reliance on any statement or 
representation whether oral or written made by the Seller or on its behalf during the 
negotiations prior to the signing of this Agreement and that it has satisfied itself, in 
accordance with the world-wide custom in the sale and purchase of Engine, engines 
and parts, and by taking appropriate legal advice and in the light of the Purchase 
Price, that this Clause 7 is reasonable. 
Petrolair SA/ JEGE INC 
EFTA00589699
--- PAGE 8 ---
ESPA ENGINE SALES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
JTBD-219 ESN 726121 ESN 726122 
8. 
NOTICES 
8.1 
All notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and in 
English and either delivered by hand or first class post or air mail in each case to the 
address of each party as set out below, or any other address notified by it from time 
to time for such purposes. 
If to seller: 
If to Buyer: 
Larry Visoski 
JEGE INC 
3800 Southern Blvd, Suite 204 
West Palm Beach, FL 33406 
E-Mail: 
TEL: 
+1-917-868-6145 
Werner Volkart, CEO 
PETROLAIR, S.A. 
Buochs Airport, Flurhofstrasse 15, 
6374 Buochs, Switzerland 
E-Mail: 
petrol.air@bluewin.ch 
TEL: 
+41 41 624 4080 
8.2 
Notices shall be considered served and received: 
8.2.1 in the case of delivery by hand, upon delivery or upon refusal on presentation; 
8.2.2 in the case of post, 48 hours after posting. 
9. 
GENERAL 
9.1 
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties in relation to its 
subject matter and no addition to or variation of it shall have any effect unless in 
writing and signed, by a person duly authorised, on behalf of each of the Seller and 
the Buyer. 
9.2 
Any part of this Agreement found by any court or other competent authority to be 
unenforceable shall be considered severable so as not in any way to affect the 
remainder of this Agreement. 
9.3 
Each party agrees at the request of the other at its own cost to do anything further, or 
execute or deliver any further document, which is necessary or reasonably requested 
to give effect to this Agreement. 
Petrolair SA/ JEGE INC 
EFTA00589700
--- PAGE 9 ---
ESPA ENGINE SALES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
JTBD-219 ESN 726121 ESN 726122 
9.4 
The parties shall keep the terms of this Agreement confidential and not disclose any 
part of it to a third party except to its legal and professional advisors, financiers, 
auditors and affiliates who are under a duty of confidentiality or with the authority of 
the other or as is otherwise necessary to comply with the requirements of the law. 
This Clause 9.4 imposes no obligation upon a recipient with respect to confidential 
information which (a) was in the recipient's possession before receipt from the 
disclosure; (b) is or becomes a matter of public knowledge through no fault of the 
recipient; (c) is rightfully received by the recipient from a rightfully possessing third 
party who does not have a duty of confidentiality; (d) is disclosed under operation of 
law; (e) is disclosed by the recipient with the discloser's prior written approval; or (f) is 
independently developed by the recipient without access to confidential information 
exchanged hereunder. 
9.5 
No rights of either party shall be prejudiced or restricted by any indulgence or 
forbearance extended by such party or by any delay in exercising or failure to 
exercise any right and no waiver by either party of any breach shall operate as a 
waiver of any other or further breach. 
9.6 
All Appendices attached hereto are considered an integral part of this Agreement and 
are considered incorporated herein. 
9.7 
This Agreement may be executed in any number of separate counterparts by the 
parties and each counterpart shall when executed and delivered be an original 
document and all counterparts shall together constitute one and the same 
instrument. 
9.8 
Each party hereby represents and warrants to the other that it has full power and 
authority to enter into this Agreement and that its execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement has been fully authorised and approved, and that no 
further corporate approvals or consents are required to bind such party 
9.9 
The parties to this Agreement do not intend by this Agreement to confer any rights 
whatsoever on any other person. Accordingly, the parties hereby expressly exclude 
the provisions of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 (or any or re-
enactment thereof). 
9.10 
Each party agrees to pay its own legal costs in connection with the preparation, 
negotiation, execution and performance of this Agreement, including any costs 
connected with obtaining the consent of any other party with an interest in the 
Engine. 
9.11 
This Agreement and all non-contractual matters associated with, arising out of or 
connected with it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with FLORIDA 
law. 
9.12 
The parties agree that the STATE OF FLORIDA courts have jurisdiction to adjudicate 
any dispute which arises in connection with this Agreement. 
Petrolair SA/ JEGE INC 
EFTA00589701
--- PAGE 10 ---
ESPA ENGINE SALES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
JTBD-219 ESN 726121 ESN 726122 
ACCORDINGLY this Agreement has been entered into by each of the parties. 
(signature page follows) 
Petrolair SA/ JEGE INC 
EFTA00589702
--- PAGE 11 ---
ESPA ENGINE SALES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
JTBD-219 ESN 726121 ESN 726122 
EXECUTION 
Signature: 
Signature: 
Name:  
Name:  
Larry Visoski 
Werner Volkart 
Position: DIRECTOR 
Position: 
CEO 
Company: JEGE INC 
Company: PETROLAIR, S.A. 
Date:  
Date:  
For and on behalf of 
For and on behalf of 
JEGE INC 
PETROLAIR, S.A. 
Petrolair SA/ JEGE INC 
EFTA00589703
--- PAGE 12 ---
ESPA ENGINE SALES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
JT8D-219 ESN 726121 ESN 726122 
APPENDIX A 
ENGINE SPECIFICATION 
LEAVE THIS AREA EMPTY FOR SPECS INSERTION 
1=0 
Petrolair SA/ JEGE INC 
EFTA00589704
--- PAGE 13 ---
ESPA ENGINE SALES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
JTBD-219 ESN 726121 ESN 726122 
APPENDIX B 
TECHNICAL ACCEPTANCE CERTIFICATE 
We acknowledge having conducted a conformity inspection of PRATT WHITNEY ENGINE 
MODEL JT8D-219 showing engine serial numbers ESN 726121 and ESN 726122 as more 
particularly described in Appendix A to the sale and purchase agreement between us and 
JEGE, INC. (trading as JEGE) dated 
,  
 2016 (the "Agreement"), 
together with the accompanying equipment and documents as mentioned in that Appendix A 
(the "Engines") and, having examined it, confirm that we are satisfied that the Engine is 
technically acceptable for purchase. 
BUYER: 
By: 
Signature:  
Title: 
Date: 
Petrolair SA/ JEGE INC 
EFTA00589705
--- PAGE 14 ---
ESPA ENGINE SALES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
JTBD-219 ESN 726121 ESN 726122 
APPENDIX C 
ACCEPTANCE CERTIFICATE 
This Certificate of Acceptance is delivered, on and as of the date set forth below by 
PETROLAIR, S.A.. (trading as PETROLAIR, ) (herein referred to as "the Buyer") to 
JEGE INC. (trading as JEGE) (herein referred to as "the Seller") pursuant to the Sale and 
Purchase Agreement dated as of  
 2016 between the Seller and the Buyer 
(hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement"): 
1. Details of Acceptance 
The Buyer hereby indicates and confirms to the Seller that the Buyer has at  
hours on this day of 
 2016 at [ 
] accepted delivery in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agreement of:-
PRATT WHITNEY ENGINE MODEL JT8D-219 
with ESN 726121 and ESN 726122 
(herein referred to as "the Engine (s)") 
2. Confirmation 
The Buyer confirms that the Engines were duly accepted by the Buyer "AS IS " in 
accordance with and subject to the provisions of the Agreement and the execution 
and delivery of this Certificate further confirms the delivery to and acceptance of the 
Engine by the Buyer for all purposes of the Agreement. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Buyer has caused this Certificate of Acceptance to be 
executed in its name, by its duly authorized officer or representative, pursuant to due 
corporate authority, all as of the date written in Paragraph 1 above. 
BUYER: 
By: 
Signature:  
Title: 
Date: 
Petrolair SA/ JEGE INC 
EFTA00589706
--- PAGE 15 ---
ESPA ENGINE SALES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
JTBD-219 ESN 726121 ESN 726122 
APPENDIX D 
BILL OF SALE 
JEGE INC. (trading as JEGE) (the "Seller"), of 3800 Southern Blvd, Suite 204, West Palm 
Beach, FLORIDA, United States of America, for good and valuable consideration, receipt of 
which is acknowledged, grants, conveys, transfers, delivers, sells and assigns and sets over 
to PETROLAIR, S.A.. (trading as PETROLAIR.) of Buochs Airport, Flurhofstrasse 15, 
6374 Buochs, Switzerland, and its successors and assigns forever, (the "Buyer") all right, 
title and interest to the following :-
PRATT WHITNEY ENGINE MODEL JT8D-219 
with ESN 726121 and ESN 726122 
(herein referred to as "the Engine (s)") 
The Seller warrants to the Buyer and its successors and assigns that immediately prior to 
the execution of this Bill of Sale, the Seller is the legal owner of the Engines and that it has 
good and lawful right to sell, deliver and transfer title to the Engines to the Buyer. 
The Seller hereby vests in Buyer full legal and beneficial title to the Engines with full title 
guarantee, free and clear of all mortgages, security interests, claims, liens, charges, 
pledges, encumbrances of whatsoever nature and rights of others. The Seller, for itself and 
for its successors and assigns, agrees and warrants that it and its successors and assigns 
shall defend such title of the Buyer to the Engine forever against all claims and demands 
whatsoever. 
THE BUYER UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT THE ENGINE IS BEING SOLD AND 
PURCHASED IN "AS IS WHERE IS" CONDITION. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Bill of Sale to be executed by its 
duly authorised representative this  
 day of  
 2016 at  
 hours, at which 
time the Engine was located at [ 
JEGE INC. (TRADING AS JEGE) 
By: 
 Signature 
Title: DIRECTOR 
Date:  
Petrolair SA/ JEGE INC 
EFTA00589707

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589708.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
January 14, 2016 
CERTIFIED MAIL 
RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED 
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
Alfred E. Smith Building 
South Swan Street 
Albany, NY 12210 
Re: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein - Offender ID = 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
In connection with the registration of Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, Offender ID 33216, 
as a sex offender in the State of New York, notice was given to your office on or 
about December 18, 2015 that the Black 2015 GMC Yukon Denali, Vehicle 
Identification Number, 
the "Denali"), which had previously 
been reported to your office as being located in and used by Mr. Epstein while 
visiting his vacation home in New York, New York, had been relocated to Mr. 
Epstein's vacation home in Palm Beach, Florida, and that this should be so noted on 
the list of motor vehicles previously disclosed to your office. The Denali was 
reported as being registered in New York with license plate number 
This is to advise you, that the Denali's registration has been transferred rom ew 
York to Florida, and the Florida Department of Motor Vehicles has issued new 
Florida license plate number 
for the Denali. 
Consistent with your previous instructions, Mr. Epstein has signed and dated 
this letter in the space provided below to confirm the transfer of the Denali's 
registration from New York to Florida, and the Florida Department of Motor 
Vehicle's issuance of new Florida license plate number 
for the Denali. 
EFTA00589708
--- PAGE 2 ---
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
January 14, 2016 
Page 2 
If ou re uire any further information, please feel free to call me at my 
office, 
or on my mobile telephone number, 
Respectfully, 
Darren Indyke 
CONFIRMED: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dated: 
EFTA00589709

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589710.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589710.pdf
----------------------------------------
LETTER TO 
Consider CC to Hon Kenneth Marra 
US Attorney Wilfredo Ferrer 
Re Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 v United States Case No 08-80736-Civ-
Marra 
Dear.. 
and MEM 
Late on December 30, 2014, the petitioners lawyers Bradley J Edwards 
and Paul Cassell filed a Motion Pursuant to Rule 21 for Joinder in Action, 
Dkt 279, which was later replaced by a similar corrected pleading Dkt 280. 
The Motion was ostensibly to add parties to a lawsuit that has been pending 
for over 6 years. As to the request as to Jane Doe #3, it comes more than 5 
years after she was aware of the NPA having relied upon its provisions to 
sue Jeffrey Epstein as Jane Doe 102, and at least 3 years 8 months after she 
was provably in communication with Mr. Edwards and providing him 
statements about Mr. Epstein. As the case is between the Government and 
the Petitioners with Mr. Epstein as only a limited Intervenor and as the 
allegations raised as to me by the Motion are not material to the resolution of 
whether the CVRA was or was not violated and what an appropriate remedy 
would be, and because the allegations are defamatory, incontrovertibly 
untrue, uncorroborated, gratuitously included and malicious, I request that 
you move to strike them from the record of these proceedings. 
First, I never had any sexual contact with Jane Doe #3 as alleged, not in 
West Palm Beach, not in New Mexico, not in the US Virgin Islands, not on a 
private airplane, not anywhere. I do not recall ever being in her presence 
and can certainly attest under oath that I never had sexual contact of any 
kind with her. I have never had a massage from any under age female at any 
Epstein residence, I have never had a massage on a private airplane, I have 
only been to his New Mexico residence on one occasion, with my daughter 
and wife who were with me at all times, I have only been to his US Virgin 
Islands residence with my wife who was with me at all times, and the 
entirety of the allegations are demonstrably untrue. I say "demonstrably" 
because no flight manifest would put me on a plane with Jane Doe #3, and 
EFTA00589710
--- PAGE 2 ---
no witness would ever say I was in her presence in a private setting 
anywhere anytime. 
Second, the lawyers who filed this pleading conducted no investigation 
into whether the allegations were true. They apparently just accepted Jane 
Doe #3s word without more. They then included details clearly irrelevant to 
the Motion. They apparently did so to create a nexus to the NPA they are 
challenging — claiming that I "helped negotiate an agreement with a 
provision that provided protection for himself against criminal prosecution 
in Florida for sexually abusing Jane Doe #3", Motion at 4. Ms Villafana 
negotiated the agreement with two other attorneys for Mr. Epstein — Jay 
Leflcowitz and Martin Weinberg. I did not participate in any such 
negotiation. I did not help draft the agreement. I certainly did not 
apprehend any risk to myself or that I would be protected by any provision 
incorporated into the agreement that named four associates of Mr. Epstein 
but not me (nor Ms Maxwell). To suggest that I had a personal motive for 
seeking "broad immunity" for third parties is reckless, untrue, and, if it was 
said outside of court, defamatory. Again, I only learned of the accusation on 
December 30, 7 years 3 months after the execution of the NPA. The 
accusation is untrue therefore it is not one I ever imagined could or would be 
brought when the NPA was negotiated. Finally, the Government as well as 
Mr. Leflcowitz and Mr. Weinberg all know that although I attended meetings 
with Ms Villafana and others at the United States Attorney's Office both 
before and after the September 2007 Agreement, that I was not a participant 
in its drafting nor in its negotiation. 
Third, as stated, whether Jane Doe #3 is allowed to join the litigation is 
not a decision that relies upon the detailed allegations she is now making as 
to me or any other third party. We have no established procedural pathway 
to contest the allegations given that they are wholly immaterial to the legal 
issues in dispute in the underlying litigation. Her lawyers, by vouching for 
the truth of the allegations in the media, have made themselves principals in 
a defamation case I am preparing along with a bar complaint. Lawyers must 
investigate the truth of allegations, particularly when they know that 
intervention is unlikely to be allowed given how irrelevant the issues raised 
are to the case itself but how maliciously damaging they are to the person 
whose reputation is being attacked. I therefore ask you to ask Judge Marra 
to strike these irrelevancies from the public record. I further request that you 
verify that the allegation that I negotiated the NPA to protect myself is 
untrue. 
EFTA00589711
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00589712

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589713.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
ILA 
Plaintiff 
Case No. 15-cv-07433-RWS 
v. 
HEARING REQUESTED 
Ghislaine Maxwell, 
Defendant 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S REPLY TO PLAINTIFF'S RESPONSE TO HIS MOTION TO 
QUASH TRIAL SUBPOENA 
Mr. Epstein respectfully requests that he be permitted to be heard on his Motion to 
Quash. Far from being an "important witness," as plaintiff asserts, Jeffrey Epstein would not be a 
witness at all in any real sense even if forced to personally appear before the jury. Plaintiff has 
not provided the Court with any reason which withstands scrutiny as to why it would further the 
interests of justice for Mr. Epstein to be compelled to appear personally to assert his Fifth 
Amendment privilege. Indeed, the weakness of plaintiffs arguments provides additional 
compelling reason why Mr. Epstein's Motion to Quash Trial Subpoena should be granted. 
Before proceeding to elucidate all the many reasons why plaintiff's arguments cannot 
justify requiring Mr. Epstein to appear personally to repeat the assertions of his Fifth 
Amendment privilege that he made during his videotaped deposition, it bears noting that the 
recent March 9, 2017, hearing before the Court provide further illustration of why the Motion to 
Quash should be allowed. 
Importantly, the hearing clearly reflects Mr. Cassell's full 
understanding of the principled basis for Mr. Epstein's assertion of his Fifth Amendment 
privilege. Tr. 3/9/17 at 39-40. Thus, his arguments that he wishes to call Mr. Epstein as a witness 
EFTA00589713
--- PAGE 2 ---
so that the jury can "hear what he has to say," id. at 17, or to "see which questions he invokes on, 
which one's he's unable to" decline to testify about, id. at 31, or to "hear what his answers are" 
(regarding a flight to London allegedly with the plaintiff and others), id. at 42, do not provide a 
valid basis for the denial of Mr. Epstein's Motion to Quash, as all that the jury will hear Mr. 
Epstein say is the invocation of his Fifth Amendment privilege — something they can just as 
easily view on a monitor from his video deposition. Unlike plaintiff, defendant Maxwell 
properly recognizes that, given Mr. Epstein's intention to assert his Fifth Amendment privilege if 
the Court decides not to quash the subpoena, Mr. Epstein's assertion of the privilege would 
"bring[] nothing" of value to the trial of this case. Id. at 29. 
At 
the same 
time, Mr. 
Cassell's impassioned labeling of Mr. Epstein as the "most important witness in this case after 
the two identified parties," and as a "non-captioned party in interest here," id. at 10, only 
reinforces Mr. Epstein's understandable belief that Mr. Cassell's and Mr. Edwards' interests in 
parading Mr. Epstein before the jury to force him to repeat assertions of his Fifth Amendment 
privilege that the jury can observe full well in his videotaped deposition, with the inevitable toxic 
and widespread media attention it would draw, extend beyond the plaintiff's case. Those 
interests are reflected in their over-energized (54 pages of briefing on their now-rejected Motion 
to Compel Mr. Epstein's testimony despite his Fifth Amendment privilege. See Plaintiff's Sealed 
Motion to Compel the Production of Documents and Testimony from Jeffrey Epstein; Plaintiff's 
Sealed Reply in Support of Motion to Compel the Production of Documents and Testimony from 
Jeffrey Epstein. It is also reflected in their serial zealous attempts to call Mr. Epstein as a trial 
witness even after this Court quite properly held he has a testimonial Fifth Amendment privilege 
with respect to the subject matter relevant to this case, the over-litigation of which is in turn 
reflected in its 754-and-counting docket entries. It is further reflected in Mr. Cassell's aggressive 
EFTA00589714
--- PAGE 3 ---
and personalized attacks upon Mr. Epstein and in his vehement insistence that only Mr. Epstein's 
personal appearance will permit the Court to rule on the adverse inference issues raised by 
plaintiff when it is plain that Mr. Epstein's videotaped deposition will provide the Court with a 
more than adequate basis to adjudicate plaintiff's adverse interest claims. Then there is the fact 
that Mr. Cassell and Mr. Edwards have repeatedly sued Mr. Epstein on behalf of other plaintiffs 
and have, since this litigation commenced, brought yet another lawsuit, see Jane Doe 43 v. 
Epstein et aL, No. 17-cv-00616-JGK (Southern District of New York), on behalf of Ms. 
who alleges commercial sexual activity while she was an adult, not a minor. Their 
efforts to expose Mr. Epstein to the inevitability of toxic media prejudice from an unnecessary 
court appearance at which he would do no more than re-assert his core constitutional rights can 
also reasonably be viewed as an effort to advance Mr. Edward's personal counterclaim against 
Mr. Epstein, with its request for punitive monetary damages, which remains pending in Florida, 
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards, No. 50 2009 040800XXXXMBAG (Circuit Court of the 15th 
Judicial District in and for Palm Beach County, Florida); see Tr. 3/9/17 at 57-58, a case in which 
Mr. Edwards, in his previously-filed Motion for Summary Judgment and Statement of 
Undisputed Facts, discussed Ms. 
allegations against Maxwell. These considerations, 
along with plaintiff's failure to provide the Court with adequate justification for requiring Mr. 
Epstein's personal appearance before the jury, amply warrant the granting of Mr. Epstein's 
Motion to Quash. 
I. 
NONE OF THE REASONS ADVANCED BY PLAINTIFF JUSTIFY REQUIRING 
MR. EPSTEIN TO APPEAR PERSONALLY BEFORE THE JURY. 
Plaintiff first contends that Mr. Epstein should be required to appear because live 
testimony is preferable to deposition testimony. That may be true when the witness actually has 
EFTA00589715
--- PAGE 4 ---
testimony to give regarding the matter on trial, but that is not the case here. In neither United 
States v. International Bus. Machines Corp., 90 F.R.D. 377 (S.D.N.Y. 1981), or Napier v. 
Bassard, 102 F.2d 467 (2d Cir. 1939), on which the plaintiff relies, Response at 2, did the 
witnesses at issue assert their Fifth Amendment privileges; instead, they had actual substantive 
testimony to give regarding the disputed issues in the case. There is absolutely nothing to be 
gained by either party from the jury's ability to observe Mr. Epstein's demeanor as he asserts the 
Fifth Amendment privilege, see id., and plaintiff offers no explanation for why that would be the 
case. In any event, Mr. Epstein's deposition was videotaped, and anything the jury might 
conceivably gain from observing Mr. Epstein's demeanor will be available to it through the 
playing of the deposition videotape. Where the witness intends to assert his Fifth Amendment 
privilege, as Mr. Epstein would do if forced to appear at trial, just as he did at his deposition, and 
where the Court has already ruled on the validity of that assertion, there is nothing "second best" 
about videotaped deposition testimony. See Response at 3. Mr. Epstein should not be subjected 
to the additional burden on his assertion of his fundamental constitutional right of being forced to 
appear personally simply to repeat his assertion of his Fifth Amendment privilege. 
Second, plaintiff argues that Mr. Epstein should be required to appear because defendant 
Maxwell has objected to the use of Mr. Epstein's deposition testimony, claiming that he is not an 
unavailable witness. Response at 3. This is simply a non-issue. Given Mr. Epstein's prior 
invocation of his Fifth Amendment privilege at his deposition and this Court's validation of it, 
Mr. Epstein is plainly an unavailable witness within the meaning of Fed. R. Evid. 804(a)(1): 
We start with the text of the rule. Fed. R. Evid. 804(a)(1) states that a declarant who "is 
exempted by ruling of the court on the ground of privilege from testifying concerning the 
subject matter of the declarant's statement" is unavailable. As we recently stated in 
United States v. Salerno, "[w]e have long recognized that `unavailability' includes within 
its scope those witnesses who are called to testify but refuse based on a valid assertion of 
EFTA00589716
--- PAGE 5 ---
their fifth amendment privilege against self-incrimination." 
United States v. Bahadar, 954 F.2d 821, 827 (2d Cir. 1992), quoting Salerno, 937 F.2d 797, 805 
(2d Cir. 1991). See, e.g., Davis v. Velez, 797 F.3d 192, 202-03 (2d Cir. 2015)(no abuse of 
discretion in finding witness unavailable where attorney had represented to court that client 
would assert Fifth Amendment privilege). 
Third, plaintiff argues that Mr. Epstein "contaminated" his deposition testimony through 
his initial assertion of the privilege. Response at 3-4. Leaving aside the question whether one can 
"contaminate" proceedings by quoting from opinions of the Supreme Court, see Ohio v. Reiner, 
532 U.S. 17, 21 (2001)("we have emphasized that one of the Fifth Amendment's basic functions . 
. . is to protect innocent men ... who otherwise might be ensnared by ambiguous circumstances" 
(emphasis in original; internal quotation marks omitted)), the phrase to which plaintiff objects—
relating to a "supposed" function of the Fifth Amendment privilege which the Supreme Court 
has repeatedly said is not a "supposed" function at all but rather a critically important function of 
the Fifth Amendment privilege— is but a tiny snippet of a multi-hour deposition. Plaintiff's 
claim that the insertion of this phrase into Mr. Epstein's initial invocation of his Fifth 
Amendment privilege somehow contaminated the entire deposition is as overblown as it is 
unavailing. Contrary to plaintiff's unsupported assertion, Response at 4, this snippet can easily 
be redacted if the Court deems necessary. Since it comes in the middle of Mr. Epstein's assertion 
of his Fifth Amendment privilege, the jury—in the extraordinarily unlikely event that it could 
even detect the omission—would have no reason to think that the redacted words had to do with 
anything other than Mr. Epstein's assertion of the privilege. In any event, this is a remote 
eventuality that, if it arises, can readily be dealt with through an instruction by the Court. Mr. 
EFTA00589717
--- PAGE 6 ---
Epstein should not be required to appear personally to reassert his Fifth Amendment privilege in 
language which is more to plaintiff's liking. 
Fourth, plaintiff contends that Mr. Epstein should be required to appear personally to 
answer questions regarding any photographs he produces pursuant to plaintiff's subpoena or, if 
he does not produce any, about how thoroughly he searched for them. Response at 5. The short 
answer to this argument is that Mr. Epstein has no photographs falling within the parameters of 
the subpoena description and would not, therefore, be producing any were he required to appear 
personally.! Contrary to plaintiff's argument, this Court did not rule that "questions about how 
thorough a search he conducted for the photographs" were not testimonial and therefore not 
protected by the Fifth Amendment. It ruled only that the production of the photographs at issue 
was not testimonial. See Sealed Opinion, February 2, 2017, at 18. Responses to questions 
regarding the whereabouts of photographs and where and how Mr. Epstein looked for them 
would, in fact, be testimonial (as well as being irrelevant to any issues in the case) within the 
meaning of the Fifth Amendment, as it would "require[] him to disclose the contents of his own 
mind. . . . contrary to the spirit and letter of the Fifth Amendment." Curcio v. United States, 354 
U.S. 118, 128 (1957). See, e.g., United States v. Edgerton, 734 F.2d 913, 921 (2d Cir. 1984). 
Answering questions about where nude photographs might have been in the past or about places 
where he looked for them (with the obvious implication that he must have thought them places 
where nude photographs might be found) would plainly "furnish a link in the chain of evidence 
Although plaintiff has argued elsewhere that the existence of such photographs is a 
foregone conclusion, the information on which she relied to support that proposition uniformly 
dated from 2005 and earlier, twelve and more years ago. See Plaintiff's Sealed Reply in Support 
of Motion to Compel the Production of Documents and Testimony from Jeffrey Epstein at 8-9 & 
n.4. 
EFTA00589718
--- PAGE 7 ---
needed to prosecute [him] for a federal crime." Rajah v. Mukasey, 544 F.3d 427, 441 (2d Cir. 
2008), quoting United States v. Hubbell, 530 U.S. 27, 38 (2000). See, e.g., United States v. 
Greenfield, 831 F.3d 106, 114 (2d Cir. 2016)("the Fifth Amendment privilege has been found to 
extend not only to answers that are directly incriminatory but also to those that, while not 
themselves inculpatory, would furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed to prosecute the 
claimant" (internal quotation marks omitted)). 
Fifth, plaintiff argues that Mr. Epstein should be required to appear personally so that she 
can rephrase questions with respect to which defendant Maxwell objected as to form at his 
deposition, despite having had every opportunity at this 500+ question deposition to cure 
objections by asking the objected-to questions in a different form. Ultimately, the form of the 
questions matters little, as, however they are phrased, Mr. Epstein would again assert his Fifth 
Amendment privilege. To the extent that plaintiff's concern related to the adverse inference 
issue, she has not identified a single question where the form of the question might impact the 
determination. 
Sixth, plaintiff argues that Mr. Epstein should be required to appear personally to answer 
questions regarding his relationship with Professor Dershowitz on the off chance that it might 
prove admissible and even though she has herself moved to exclude information about Prof. 
Dershowitz from the trial. Response at 6-7. The Court has already found questions about Prof. 
Dershowitz to be irrelevant, and they remain equally irrelevant now. Mr. Epstein's personal 
appearance should not be required for such patently flimsy reasons. 
Seventh, plaintiff argues that Mr. Epstein should be required to appear personally so that 
she can obtain adverse inferences against defendant Maxwell. Response at 7-8. As Mr. Epstein 
EFTA00589719
--- PAGE 8 ---
has already contended in his Motion to Quash, the adverse inference issues can be decided by the 
Court based on Mr. Epstein's deposition testimony, and nothing will be added to the inquiry by 
requiring him to assert his Fifth Amendment privilege in the presence of the jury. In support of 
this argument, plaintiff posits hypothetical circumstances which might conceivably arise at trial 
in which she might want Mr. Epstein's testimony to rebut evidence presented or objections 
raised by the defendant. These is no evidence that calling Mr. Epstein would rebut, as he would 
again assert his Fifth Amendment privilege. In any event, speculation that defendant Maxwell 
might present evidence in her case-in-chief that calling Mr. Epstein might rebut cannot justify 
requiring him to appear during plaintiff's case in chief. Nor does speculation that Ms. Maxwell 
might object to the authenticity of the "blackbook" provide a sufficient basis for requiring Mr. 
Epstein's personal appearance at trial. Absent evidence (which is nonexistent) that Mr. Epstein 
would waive his Fifth Amendment privilege and testify about matters such as the "blackbook," 
Mr. Epstein's personal appearance would not produce any relevant testimony which is not 
protected by Mr. Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege. 
Finally, plaintiff advances the argument that Mr. Epstein is somehow shirking his civic 
duty by seeking to quash the trial subpoena for his personal appearance at trial. 
The jury is not 
entitled to every man's evidence when that man has a valid Fifth Amendment privilege to 
decline to answer questions, as this Court has ruled that Mr. Epstein has. The jury will have 
everything from Mr. Epstein which it needs to fulfill its function in the form of his videotaped 
deposition. In his Motion to Quash, Mr. Epstein has set forth sound reasons why his personal 
appearance should not be compelled and why he should not be forced to appear personally to 
assert his Fifth Amendment privilege in front of the jury. Among those reasons is the inevitable 
EFTA00589720
--- PAGE 9 ---
media circus which would predictably result from his personal appearance; simple common 
sense dictates that a personal appearance by Mr. Epstein would generate considerably more 
media buzz than would the playing of his videotaped deposition. Plaintiff's demonstrably weak 
arguments in opposition to the granting of Mr. Epstein's Motion to Quash fall far short of 
providing this Court with a sound basis for requiring Mr. Epstein's personal appearance at trial. 
CONCLUSION 
For all the foregoing reasons, and for all the reasons set forth in Mr. Epstein's Motion to 
Quash, his motion should be granted. 
Respectfully submitted, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
By his attorneys, 
/s/ Jack Alan Goldberger 
Jack Alan Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, #1400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
fax 
Is/ Martin G. Weinberg 
Martin G. Weinberg 
Park Plaza, Suite 1000 
Boston, Massachusetts 02116 
=fax) 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I, Martin G. Weinberg, hereby certify that on this 
day of March, 2017, I 
EFTA00589721
--- PAGE 10 ---
electronically filed the foregoing Motion with the Clerk of the Court using the CM/ECF system, 
thus effecting service on counsel of record: 
Sigrid McCauley 
Boies, Schiller & Flexner LLP 
401 E. Las Olas Bivd., Suite 1200 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Jeffrey S. Pagliucca 
Laura A. Menninger 
Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. 
150 East Tenth Ave. 
Denver CO 80203 
Bradley James Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing. Edwards, Fistos, Lehrman, P.L. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Paul G. Cassell 
S.J. Quinney College of Law At The University of Utah 
383 S. University Street 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0730 
Is/ Martin G. Weinberg 
Martin G. Weinberg 
EFTA00589722

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589723.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589723.pdf
----------------------------------------
Foreign Affairs, Trade and 
Affaires etrangeres, Commerce 
Development Canada 
et DoveOpponent Canada 
Canad'A 
1130reeneneelt 
0•04eterniNTIOnt 
of Canada 
W Canada 
Canada 
STA RT/GTS R 
Stabilization and Reconstruction Task Force 
Groupe de travail sur la Stabilisation et la Reconstruction 
Global Peace and Security Fund (GPSF) 
CONCEPT PAPER - APPLICATION FORM 
CONCEPT PAPER 
• To be completed by the Proponent and submitted to a GPSF Project Officer. 
• Maximum of 3 pages, minimum font Arial Narrow 10, Arial 10 or Times New 
Roman 11 
• The information in this Concept Paper will be assessed according to how well the 
proposed project supports: 
o START's priorities as listed on: http://www.international.gc.ca/START-
GTSR/about-a propos.aspx 
o Canada's Action Plan on Women Peace and Security as described on: 
http://www.international.gc.ca/START-
GTSR/women canada action plan-plan action femme.aspx?lang=enq 
• The Proponent will be notified in writing if the Concept Paper has been endorsed 
or not endorsed by the Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development 
(DFATD). 
• If the Concept Paper is endorsed by DFATD, the GPSF Application will be sent 
back to the Proponent who will then be invited to complete a Full Proposal. 
Updated as of July 19, 2013 
EFTA00589723
--- PAGE 2 ---
GPSF Project Concept Paper 
(Maximum 3 pages, minimum font Mal Narrow 10, Mal 10 or Times New Roman 11) 
PROJECT DETAILS 
Project Title 
1814, 1914: Lessons of the Past Visions of the Future 
Date of 
Country where 
Austria, Canada, 
GPSF Number 
Proposal 
02/11/2014 
project will be 
implemented 
UK, India, 
Bahrain 
14-010 
Legal Name of 
International Peace Institute (IPI) 
organization: 
Name of 
Andrea Pfanzelter 
Representative: 
Proponent 
Title: 
IPI Senior Director and Head. Vienna Office 
Information 
Email: 
Telephone: 
+43 1 533 8881 77 
Fax: 
Cell: 
Project Time frame 
04/01/2014 - 08/29/2014, 5 months 
Fiscal year(s) 
(A) Funding requested from GPSF 
(B) Other Sources of Funding 
(1 April - 31 March) 
in $ CAD per fiscal year 
Amount(s) 
Source(s) 
2013-2014 
2014-2015 (TBD) 
EUR 181.750 
TBD 
2015-2016 (TBD) 
? 
Total 
(A) = EUR 181.750 
(B) = EUR 545.250 
Total Project Cost 
(A) + (B) = EUR 727.000 
PROBLEM STATEMENT 
2014 marks the centenary year of the outbreak of World War One and the bicentenary year of the opening of 
the Congress of Vienna — two dates that profoundly shaped the course of our history. Today, the world stands 
at another crossroads. Mutually reinforcing contemporary challenges endanger the intemational system. 
Threats and risks spread through fragile and conflict-affected states affecting the entire systemic resilience, the 
seemingly uncontrollable spread of organized crime and terrorism, economic instability, climate change and 
social disparities — most notably protracted disparities, inequalities and vulnerabilities between man and 
women, especially in conflict situations. 
Today, we need to ask ourselves at the highest levels of decision making and holistic thinking: Is the 
intemational system capable of coping with a world under stress? How can we deal with contemporary threats, 
and prepare for the challenges of tomorrow in a system that safeguards effective global governance and 
intemational security, based on freedom, democracy, human rights and the rule of law. 
While in 1814, at the end of the Napoleonic Wars, the concerted powers of Europe were architects of a new 
intemational system, the leaders of 1914 have famously been described as sleepwalkers, stumbling into war. 
Looking back at these two pivotal periods in history raises striking parallels with how today's leaders are trying 
to cope with contemporary challenges. How can critical historical awareness stimulate policy-making to secure 
a better future? What will future historians say of the leaders of 2014: are we architects or sleepwalkers? And 
what kind of a world do we want for 2114? 
To learn from the lessons of 1814 and 1914, and to design clear visions for a common, secure future, the 
International Peace Institute (IPI) together with the Salzburg Global Seminar will bring leaders from the worlds 
of politics, diplomacy, and the military, together with historians, journalists, political scientists, philosophers, and 
writers for a unique global conversation over the course of four days at the beautiful Schloss Leopoldskron in 
Salzburg (where parts of the Sound of Music were filmed). 
The seminar will be preceded by a series of one day events that will look at issues relevant to 1814 and 1914 
and their impact on contemporary developments. 
M 
EXPECTED RESULTS 
Updated as of July 19. 2013 
EFTA00589724
--- PAGE 3 ---
GPSF Project Concept Paper 
(Maximum 3 pages, minimum font Mal Narrow 10, Mal 10 or Times New Roman 11) 
PROJECT DETAILS 
Project Tide 
j 1814, 1914: Lessons of the Past, Visions of the Future 
The unprecedented global conversation of Salzburg shall, above all, stimulate critical historical awareness and 
policy making aimed at strengthening resilience of the intemational system. It will encourage new thinking on 
dealing with contemporary threats and challenges, and promote new approaches to multilateral cooperation. 
In Canada and across the globe, culminating at the Salzburg seminar, brief expert keynote addresses, inter-
active discussions as well as role playing exercises (complemented by a stimulating social program, including 
literary talks, concerts, and art exhibitions) will develop an understanding among decision makers of key driving 
forces that threaten the intemational system today, and in the century to come. Policy option shall be explored 
to secure effective global governance, with equal rights and opportunities for all men and women alike. In 
addition to provoking new thinking and approaches to international peace and security, one of the outcomes 
will be an edited book on the main ideas generated by the project. 
ACTIVITIES 
With the support of GPSF, the envisaged IPI project will encompass the following activities to produce the 
impact and outcome noted above: 
• Activity 1: A series of one day events that will examine issues relevant to 1814 and 1914 and their impact 
on contemporary developments. Envisaged locations include Ottawa, London, Manama, New Delhi, and 
Vienna. 
• Activity 1a: Vienna. Security and human rights in an age of ten-or. April 2014 
Beyond the assignation of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, the pre-war period in Europe was plagued by a wide 
range of "terrorist" attacks. What was the nature of terrorism and policies for stability in the 19th and early 
20th century? What is the threat from terrorism today, and how effectively are we coping with it? Does there 
need to be a trade-off between security and justice, human rights and civil liberties? 
• Activity lb: Ottawa. North America and Europe: Is the relationship still special? 
In 1814, British troops attacked Washington and bumed the White House. Two hundred years later, Canada 
and the United States are close allies, and the United States and the United Kingdom enjoy a special 
relationship. How did the wars of the past centuries shape the destinies of Canada, the US and their 
relationship to Europe? What will the meaning of Euro-Atlantic security be in the next century? 
• Activity 1c: New Delhi. Shrinking time and space: the impact of information and technology on IR. 
This meeting will recall industrial and technological revolutions of the past and look at the impact of 
information and technology on contemporary international relations — is the system more stable or less 
secure? How have relations between "centers of power", new players and networks changed? 
• Activity 1d: Manama. The Impact of World War One on the Middle East and Beyond/ Transcending Borders, 
Conflict Prevention and Rethinking Cooperation in the 21st Century ftbdJ 
Located in the heart of a turbulent and historically stirred region, the Bahrain-conference will rethink the 
impact of the World War I, the Sykes-Picot Agreement of 1916 and the San Remo Conference of 1920 on 
the shaping of the Modern Middle East. Altematively, scenarios for the future of the Middle East may be 
discussed, given the potential outcomes of the Syrian conflict, with a special focus on the "border problem" 
and corresponding collaboration on the economic, infrastructural and cultural fronts to provide solutions for 
regional cooperation and stability. 
• Activity 2: A unique Global Conversation at Schloss Leopoldskron in Salzburg. 26-29 August 2014. 
In addition to the above noted outline and setup of activities, the event will be structured along the following 
thematic blocks covering an entire day each: (1) Is History Repeating Itself? (2) Making War and Peace, (3) 
Lest We Forget, and (4) Risk and Resilience. Participants will include top-level political decision makers and 
renowned key thinkers on the issues. 
Activity 3: A short film will be produced specially for the event on the lessons learned from 1814 and 1914 
for today. 
• Activity 4: Keynote presentations are to be circulated to Salzburg participants in advance as backgrounders. 
In conclusion of the project, a book, made up of the pre-Salzburg papers and selected presentations from 
the Salzburg seminar will be published — guiding key actors in their policy making decisions. 
GENDER CONSIDERATIONS 
Updated as of July 19. 2013 
EFTA00589725
--- PAGE 4 ---
GPSF Project Concept Paper 
(Maximum 3 pages. minimum font Arial Narrow 10. Anal 10 or Times New Roman 11) 
PROJECT DETAILS 
Project Tide 
1814, 1914: Lessons of the Past, Visions of the Future 
It is no secret that systemic and deeply embedded gender inequality was a key driving force of warfare and 
social conflict in the past centuries. Whatever stability the Concert of Europe managed to establish two hundred 
years ago — civil liberties, human rights, and the differentiated needs of men, women, boys and girls were 
certainly not part of the deal. When World War One broke out and devastated an entire continent, leaving a 
generation of widows and orphans behind, all key decisions were taken by men. 
Today, a new mindset is on the rise, based on international cooperation and experiences of the past. As inter-
state warfare has all but vanished, the struggle for the empowerment of women has created unprecedented 
stability and thriving societies. But where there is violence, patterns of discrimination against women (and other 
minorities) persist — and vice versa. The UN Security Council has passed key resolutions 1325 (2000), 1820 
(2008), 1888 (2009) and 1889 (2009) aimed at preventing conflict and (sexual) violence against women, the 
protection of human rights implementing gender components into peacebuilding activities. 
The Salzburg global conversation represents a unique opportunity of advocacy for the meaningful participation 
and representation of women in policies that shape international peace and security. Participation of key 
decision makers and thinkers in the array of planned events — including Canadian women like Margaret 
Macmillan and Lise Frechette - will raise awareness and facilitate policies aimed at equal opportunities among 
genders, in line with Canada's Implementation Framework for the UN Security Council resolutions on Women, 
Peace and Security. Finally, the envisaged publication (see Activity 3) will represent a crucial training and 
educational component. 
PROJECT RISKS AND MITIGATION STRATEGIES 
A potential risk is that IPI does not secure a second grant to match a possible GPSF contribution. But we are 
optimistic of receiving a significant contribution from Norway. There is a risk that a sufficient number of high-
level participants will not attend, but this can be mitigated by securing the participation of a number of high-level 
participants at an early stage (including the Foreign Minister of Canada), and others are more likely to follow. 
Preliminary contacts indicate a significant interest from a critical mass of influential policy makers. It could be 
challenging to organize some of the one-day events outside of Vienna, but this risk is being mitigated by 
contacting reliable partners. 
NonoNAL BUDGET 
Provide a notional breakdown 
listed in this Concept Paper, 
identify if the budget is in 
Activity 1: EUR 185.000 
Activity 2: EUR 442.000 
Activity 3: EUR 45.000 
Activity 4: EUR 55.000 
of costs per activity area (ie. not line item), reflective of the activities previously 
activity. Please clearly 
Austria, India) 
representation, etc.) 
dissemination) 
with a short description of the costs associated with each 
CAD or another currency. 
(travel and accommodation for meetings in Canada, UK, Bahrain, 
(travel, accommodation, logistics, administration, speakers fees, 
(research and production of documentary film, licences for distribution) 
(remuneration for authors, production, publishing, printing, and 
CAPACITY TO DELIVER PROJECT 
Has your organization previously received funds from the Government of Canada? 
Yes 
❑X 
No 
K 
If yes, from which 
department? 
When? (list years) 
Please briefly explain your organization's engagement in the region or your specific expertise in the proposed 
activities. 
The International Peace Institute (IPI) is an independent, international not-for-profit think tank with offices in 
New York, across from United Nations headquarters, and in Vienna. IPI is dedicated to promoting the 
prevention and settlement of conflict by strengthening multilateral institutions. It sees peace and security as 
prerequisites for poverty eradication and development. To achieve its purpose, IPI employs a mix of policy 
research, strategic analysis, publishing, and convening. 
The Institute was founded in 1970 as the International Peace Academy (IPA), which focused on training military 
Updated as of July 19. 2013 
EFTA00589726
--- PAGE 5 ---
GPSF Project Concept Paper 
(Maximum 3 pages, minimum font Mal Narrow 10, Mal 10 or Times New Roman 11) 
PROJECT DETAILS 
Project Tide 
1814, 1914: Lessons of the Past, Visions of the Future 
officers and diplomats for United Nations peacekeeping operations. In 2008, the organization changed its name 
to the International Peace Institute to reflect its current identity as a research institution that works with and 
supports multilateral institutions, governments, civil society, and the private sector on a range of regional and 
global security challenges. IPI also carries out work in and on Africa, the Middle East, Europe, and Central 
Asia. 
With a staff from more than twenty countries and a broad range of academic fields, IPI partners with regional 
organizations, think tanks, universities, and NGOs to conduct research, produce publications, and convene 
meetings in many parts of the world. 
Other partners: Salzburg Global Seminar 
Updated as of July 19. 2013 
EFTA00589727

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589728.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589728.pdf
----------------------------------------
A. Marie Villafana 
Assistant United States Attorney 
WPB 
Re Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Ms Villafana 
Thank you for your letter of July 27, 2011 to my co-counsel Martin 
Weinberg in regards to the request by the New York District Attorney for 
copies of the NPA and the "victim list" in regards to Mr. Epstein. We 
continue for the reasons stated herein to believe that any such disclosure 
would violate the confidentiality agreement between your Office and Mr. 
Epstein as well as the provisions of F.R.Crim.P 6(e). 
As to the NPA, you have repeatedly asserted in Doe v United States 
9:08cv80736-KAM that the NPA was a confidential document. For 
instance, in par 6 of document 14, your own declaration, you stated that 
the NPA contained "an express confidentiality provision". In opposing 
the Motion to Unseal the NPA that was filed by Jane Doe, you stated that 
you had informed Judge Marra of the confidentiality provision during an 
earlier telephonic status conference occurring on August 14, 2008 which 
"the United States was obligated to honor", Doc 29, pg 1, and that "the 
parties who negotiated the Agreement, the United States Attorney's 
Office and Jeffrey Epstein, determined that the Agreement should remain 
confidential", Doc 29, pg 2. Further, you deemed the NPA confidential, 
for understandable purposes, in your September 3, 2008 letter to Robert 
Josefsberg in which you inform him that Judge Marra had set forth 
procedure for providing the NPA only to those counsel and "victims" 
who executed a Protective Order preventing its subsequent disclosure. 
The New York District Attorney, Ms Morse, is representing the 
prosecution in an appeal regarding a sex offender registration 
determination and any disclosure of the NPA to her has the potential to 
result in its use in that appeal and the real risk that the appellate court will 
unseal it. We believe it to violate both the spirit and the most logical 
interpretation of the NPA, par 13, for you to disclose it absent a subpoena 
(which we could oppose in the jurisdiction from which it emanated), and 
also believe that when parol evidence supplements the text of the 
paragraph it is perfectly apparent from your prior submissions that you as 
EFTA00589728
--- PAGE 2 ---
well as we believed the NPA to contain "an express confidentiality 
provision" that your willingness to disclose absent court process violates. 
As to the "victim" list, again, your own prior letters tie the list to the 
Federal Grand Jury investigation and thus to the non-disclosure provisions 
of F.R.Crim.P 6(e). On July 8, 2008 you wrote to Jack A Goldberger and 
informed him that on June 30, 2008 "the United States Attorney's Office 
provided {him} with a list of thirty-one individuals `whom it was prepared 
to name in an Indictment as victims of an enumerated offense by Mr. 
Epstein'. On July 9, 2008 you wrote to Mr. Goldberger in a followup letter 
that "the U.S. Attorney's modification of the 2255 portion of the Agreement 
now limits our victim list to those persons whom the United States Lig 
prepared to include in an indictment. This means that, pursuant to Justice 
Department policy, these are individuals for whom the United States 
believes it has proof beyond a reasonable doubt that each of them was a 
victim of an enumerated offense." (emphasis added). First Assistant Jeffrey 
Sloman used similar language in tying the names of the "victims" to the 
basis for a potential indictment, see December 6, 2007 letter from Sloman to 
Lefkowitz at pgs 2,3, see also your email to Mr. Leflcowitz and Mr. Black on 
August 14, 2008 at 3:27 PM where you state that the list contains "only 
those `individuals whom {the United States} was prepared to name in an 
Indictment..." thus clearly providing the nexus between the list and the 
Grand Jury investigation and its corollary, the protections from non-
disclosure enumerated in F.R.Crim.P 6(e). In terms of caselaw, the names of 
witnesses that either testified or were identified during Grand Jury 
proceedings are subject to the secrecy provisions of F.R.Crim.P 6(e), see eg 
In re Dow Jones & Co.. Inc.,142 F.3d 496, 500 (D.C.Cir.1998) ("Consistent 
with these purposes, we have recognized that grand jury secrecy covers 'the 
identities of witnesses or jurors, the substance of testimony as well as actual 
transcripts, the strategy or direction of the investigation, the deliberations or 
questions of jurors, and the like.'"), see also SEC v Dresser Industries Inc 
628 F2d 1368, 1382 (DC Cir, 1980), Fund for Constitutional Gov't v Nat'l 
Archives & Records Serv. 656 F2d 856, 869 (DC Cir, 1981). See generally 
In re Grand Jury Investigation, 610 F.2d 202, 216-17 (5th Cir. 1980): 
Top of FormBottom of Form We construe the secrecy provisions of Rule 6(e) 
to apply not only to disclosures of events which have already occurred 
before the grand jury, such as a witness's testimony, but also to disclosures 
of matters which will occur, such as statements which reveal the identity of 
persons who will be called to testify or which report when the grand jury 
will return an indictment." 
EFTA00589729
--- PAGE 3 ---
We both believe that confidentiality applies to the requested 
information. We believe that any non-compulsory handover of the list or 
NPA is inconsistent with the positions you have previously taken in 
related litigation. We request you reconsider and decline the request of 
the New York District Attorney. 
YT 
JL 
MGW 
EFTA00589730

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589731.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589731.pdf
----------------------------------------
MODIFICATION 
This Modification is made and entered into this 
day of May 2011 (the "Effective 
Date") by and between Juan Pablo Molyneux ("JP"), M. Molyneux Studio, Ltd. 
("Studio," and together with JP, "Molyneux"), L.S.J., LLC ("LSJ") and Jeffrey Epstein 
(together with LSJ, "Epstein"); (collectively the "Parties"). 
WHEREAS, on or about December 30, 2010, the Parties entered into an 
Agreement for Office Design Services (the "Office Design Agreement"), which Office 
Design Agreement contained a schedule with exhibits, which schedule was 
denominated as "Schedule 1" at page 1, paragraph 1 of the Office Design Agreement 
and identified on its face as a one-page document on M. Molyneux stationery, dated 
November 15, 2010, with the designation "01901 - LSJ - Sarah's Office" (the 
"Schedule"), and 
WHEREAS, there were certain requirements set forth in the Office Design 
Agreement and the Schedule with respect to a lamp, a rug, two chairs, and a desk, and 
WHEREAS, the lamp has been delivered to and accepted by Epstein, and the rug 
and two chairs have been inspected and approved by Epstein, and 
WHEREAS, certain disputes have arisen regarding the desk that was constructed 
by Molyneux and inspected by Epstein, and the parties wish to settle such disputes 
amicably and without any admission of wrongdoing or liability, and 
Page 1 of 4 
EFTA00589731
--- PAGE 2 ---
WHEREAS, the Parties wish to modify the Office Design Agreement and the 
Schedule; 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of and in exchange for the promises, 
covenants, and releases contained herein, the parties mutually agree as follows: 
The Office Design Agreement and the Schedule shall be modified as follows: 
1. 
All obligations with respect to the desk-top lamp set forth at 
paragraph 2 of the Schedule are acknowledged and agreed to have been 
satisfied. 
2. 
Epstein hereby acknowledges that he has approved the two desk 
chairs and the rug referred to on the Schedule, subject to delivery and inspection 
according to paragraph 4 below. 
3. 
The desk referred to on the Schedule shall be constructed as 
follows: 
A. 
The specifications shall be as set forth in the drawings set 
forth as SK-2 to SK-8, each of which shall be initialed by the Parties. To 
the extent that the specifications for the items set forth on drawings SK-2 
to SK-8 indicate no specific dimensions, such dimensions shall be based 
on construction standards consistent with the drawings. 
Page 2 of 4 
EFTA00589732
--- PAGE 3 ---
B. 
The grain, treatment, and finish of the items set forth in the 
attached Schedule will not be held to any standard different than the one 
set forth in the original Office Design Agreement. The grain 
representations on the revised SK-series drawings are for illustrative 
purposes only and impose no new requirements on Molyneux. 
C. 
The desk shall be made available to Epstein for inspection in 
New York City, on or about 90 days from the Effective Date of this 
Modification. 
4. 
Following Epstein's approval of the desk in New York City, the two 
desk chairs, the rug, and the desk shall be provided to Epstein in new, 
undamaged and good working condition, by causing such items to be shipped in 
such condition to St. Thomas, at Molyneux's risk and expense, with assembly, if 
any, to be at Epstein's risk and expense. Epstein shall inspect said items and 
acknowledge receipt thereof immediately upon delivery. After such delivery and 
inspection, Molyneux shall not be responsible for any of such items, and neither 
party shall have any obligation with respect to any other. 
5. 
The Parties expressly acknowledge and agree that neither party is 
in default of any agreement with respect to the other party as of the Effective 
Date. 
6. 
Except as expressly modified herein, the Office Design Agreement 
Page 3 of 4 
EFTA00589733
--- PAGE 4 ---
is expressly ratified and confirmed. In the event of any claimed inconsistency 
between the Office Design Agreement and this Modification, this Modification 
shall govern. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the respective 
dates set forth below. 
Juan Pablo Molyneux 
Date 
Molyneux Studio, Ltd. 
Juan Pablo Molyneux 
Date 
President 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Date 
L.S.J., LLC 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Member 
Date 
Page 4 of 4 
EFTA00589734

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589735.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589735.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
CASE NO.: 502009 CA 040800XXXXMBAG 
vs. 
JUDGE: HAFELE 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff. 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
MOTION FOR ENLARGEMENT OF TIME TO RESPOND TO 
DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF'S MOTIONS FILED ON SEPTEMBER 25, 2017 
AND TO CONTINUE HEARING DATE SET BY COURT 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), by and through his undersigned 
counsel, hereby files this Motion for an enlargement of time within which to Respond to Motions 
filed by Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley J. Edwards ("Edwards") and to continue the 
hearing set by the Court in this matter on October 3, 2017. In support thereof, Epstein states: 
INTRODUCTION 
On September 15, 2017, the parties to this action appeared before the Court in order to 
receive a date on which to present argument on Epstein's Motion for Summary Judgment; a 
Motion filed by Epstein June 30, 2017. At the hearing on September 15, 2017, this Court ordered 
the parties to file certain Motions by Monday, September 25, 2017, and further ordered that all 
responses to the Motions filed by opposing counsel on September 25, 2017 be filed by 
September 28, 2017 (a three-day turnaround). The Court also made repeated reference to the size 
of the firms and the large number of attorneys representing each party when it indicated that such 
EFTA00589735
--- PAGE 2 ---
a deadline would not affect either side. However, at this time, it is evident that both the back-to-
back hurricanes and the competing demands of Epstein's two solo practicing civil attorneys have 
rendered it impossible for Epstein to comply with this Court's ruling. Accordingly, for the 
reasons set forth below, Epstein seeks an enlargement of time within which to respond to 
Edward's Motions, and to continue the hearing date set for October 3, 2017. 
ARGUMENT 
On September 15, 2017 undersigned, who is a solo practitioner in Broward County, was 
still without power, internet, and telephones, both at home and at her office. The Governor had 
declared a statewide emergency, all Federal Courts and schools in the tri-county area were 
closed, and the State Courts in Miami-Dade and Broward remained closed until September 18, 
2017. After the hearing on September 15, 2017, Chief Justice Jorge Labarga entered an Order 
regarding time parameters, deadlines, and the impact of the hurricane on court cases in Palm 
Beach County and other Counties affected, a true and correct copy of which is attached hereto as 
"Exhibit A." Undersigned was evacuated from her home as of September 8, 2017 at noon, and 
did not regain power or internet at work or at home until late Monday, September 18, 2017. As 
of the date of filing this Motion, undersigned is still without telephone service at her office. 
Likewise, Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Epstein resides on an island in the United States 
Virgin Islands, and his home was destroyed by hurricane Irma. Hurricane Maria came 
immediately thereafter and Epstein suffered another direct hit from that storm as well. As a result 
of these hurricanes the entirety of the United States Virgin Islands has been declared a federal 
disaster area. The hurricanes devastated the infrastructure throughout the United States Virgin 
Islands and particularly at Epstein's home. Impassible debris from numerous fallen buildings 
and trees throughout his home make it uninhabitable. 
Power outage and food and water 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. • 315 SE 7th Street, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
EFTA00589736
--- PAGE 3 ---
shortages throughout the Virgin Islands have created widely reported health, safety and security 
concerns, including at Epstein's home. Epstein's home is without power and his computer 
servers have been and continue to be inoperable and inaccessible, so that Epstein has no access 
to his litigation files. Moreover, Epstein has been completely occupied with massive post-
hurricane clean-up efforts at his home, and, most importantly, providing desperately needed 
shelter and supplies for his employees ravaged by the storms. Consequently, the undersigned has 
had little to no communication with him. As such, Epstein has been completely unable to 
participate in any way regarding these critical Motions, as well as other discovery and motion 
practice, which are essential to the proper defense of his case. Epstein's participation in the 
defense of his case is not only his right, but it is also absolutely necessary given the long history 
of this case and the matters out of which it arose. 
It is also noteworthy to mention that Rosh Hashanah also fell during the ten (10) days 
provided by this Court, and that both Mr. Epstein and one of his counsel are of the Jewish faith 
and were unavailable as a result for two (2) of those days. Yom Kippur falls on September 29 to 
September 30, 2017 further impeding their participation for those days which are only a short 
time prior to the scheduled hearing. 
Epstein has four attorneys who have filed Notices of Appearance in this matter; each of 
whom is a solo practitioner: undersigned, who is lead counsel and responsible for drafting all 
pleadings and documents, and who also served as an arbitrator; Chester Brewer, who serves as 
local counsel in an advisory capacity and to assist in court with hearings and motions; Jack 
Goldberger, who is a criminal defense attorney who is involved in this case solely to advise and 
address the various criminal elements/issues raised by Edwards's desire to litigate this matter as 
a criminal prosecution and/or to impermissibly raise criminal allegations herein; and finally Fred 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. • 315 SE Th Street, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
EFTA00589737
--- PAGE 4 ---
Haddad, who is solely in this case to act as trial co-counsel. Mr. Haddad resides in Islamorada, 
and his home was also destroyed by Irma. Conversely, Edwards's lead counsel is a firm with 
over thirty (30) attorneys; Searcy Denney et al. Edwards is also listed as his own co-counsel 
through his firm, which employs over ten (10) attorneys, and yesterday, at the close of business, 
a new firm has filed in as co-counsel in this matter, and contemporaneously with its Notice of 
Appearance filed a Motion (containing over 100 pages) directed at Epstein's Motion for 
Summary Judgment. 
Epstein timely filed his four (4) additional Motions as contemplated by this Court on 
September 25, 2017; to wit: his Omnibus Motion in Limine; a Motion to Compel discovery 
related to Edwards's Privilege Log; a Motion to Compel responses to Discovery; and a Motion to 
Compel answers to questions posed to Edwards in his depositions. Edwards filed the following 
motions on September 25, 2017, to which undersigned cannot possibly respond in three (3) days 
with a mediation, multiple depositions, court hearings, other deadlines, and client matters already 
scheduled in those three days (not to mention the backlog from ten days out of the office), and 
with Mr. Brewer, as this Court was notified, out of town and unavailable: four (4) deposition 
notices and subpoenas duces tecurn to Epstein's criminal defense counsels; three motions 
directed to Epstein's Motion for Summary Judgment; objections to every single one of Epstein's 
damages Interrogatories to Edwards; four bare-bones Motions to Compel responses to four sets 
of unidentified discovery responses, some predating undersigned's involvement in this case; and 
a Motion in Limine. 
Forcing Epstein to provide and argue proper responses to all of these items, as well as 
prepare for argument on his motions; motions which include a request to compel answers to four 
separate sets of Interrogatories and Requests to Produce, especially when Epstein is unreachable 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. • 315 SE Th Street, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
EFTA00589738
--- PAGE 5 ---
and unable to assist with the same, is improper. Moreover, in light of the time constraints created 
by previously scheduled depositions, mediations and hearings, the undersigned cannot possibly 
perform this daunting task properly and effectively, forcing her to choose between compliance 
with this Court's directive and providing effective assistance of counsel. 
WHEREFORE Jeffrey Epstein respectfully requests that this Court enter an Order 
enlarging the time limitations within which Epstein must respond to the Motions filed by 
Edwards and continue the hearing date set for October 3, 2017 on said Motions, and such other 
and further relief as this Court deems just and proper. 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served upon 
all parties listed below, via Electronic Service, this September 27, 2017. 
/s/ Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
Fla. Bar No.: 0176737 
LAW OFFICE OF TOUR HADDAD, PA 
315 SE Th Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
954.337.3716 (facsimile) 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. • 315 SE 7th Street, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
EFTA00589739
--- PAGE 6 ---
SERVICE LIST 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola et al. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury, Goldberger, & Weiss, PA 
250 Australian Ave. South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Marc Nurik, Esq. 
East Broward Blvd. 
Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Bradle J. Edwards, Es . 
Fanner Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos Lehrman 
425 N Andrews Avenue 
Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Fred Haddad,
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
Law Offices of Tonja Haddad, 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
W. Chester Brewer, Jr. 
One Clearlake Center 
Suite 1400 
250 Australian Avenue South 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. • 315 SE 7th Street, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
EFTA00589740

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589741.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey Pollock 
Cambridge, May 26, 2015 
Dear Mr Pollock, 
I have bought a Honda CR-V SE 2006 from you on 04/28/2015. The car falls 
under the Massachusetts Used Vehicle Warranty Law (M. 
c. 90 §7N 1/4). 
The car has a defect in its transmission (diagnosed on 05/13/2015 by Hondar 
House, Cambridge). Please send me an offer to buy back the car within 6 
business days at the full purchase price as outlined below, or authorize the 
necessary repairs at your cost. 
On the 28th of April, 2015, I bought a white Honda CR-V SE, built in 2006, 
with 110,353 miles on the odometer, from you, at the price of 9500$. In 
addition, we agreed on organizing a repair of the front brakes, and you 
received 200$ to buy brakes, which were to be built into the car by a repair 
shop you would recommend. 
The car was described by you to be "in mint condition", and bought from an 
owner in Cambridge. 
The sale was witnessed by Michael Hoffman, living at 
and signed in the office of Gochis Insurance, in the 
presence of Barbara E. Shea, 
It turned out that the car produced noises in the transmission. I took it to a 
repair shop on the 12th of May, 2015, where it turned out that the transmission 
needs to be rebuilt ($3800). I have written documentation for that. 
Upon contacting you, you sent me to another repair shop, FNA transmission 
in Wakefield, MA, where the car spent from May 18th to Friday 22id. FNA 
transmission suggested that the torque converter needs to be replaced and 
the transmission rebuilt, at a price of roughly 3000$ + tax. 
EFTA00589741
--- PAGE 2 ---
I learned of this on Thursday, the 2181. The repair shop informed me that they 
had already called you, but ou were not willing to authorize the repairs, and I 
called you on your phone 
on the same day. Under 
Massachusetts Law, the sale falls under a 30 day warranty, which means that 
you as the seller of the car are obliged to pay for the repair or the powertrain. 
You refused to pay for the necessary repairs. I collected the car on the next 
day from the repair shop, and I am not using it since, because I consider a 
faulty transmission to be an unacceptable safety risk for my family, i.e. the car 
is considered out of service since the day of your refusal to pay for repairs 
(05/25/2015). 
Under the used vehicle repair law, you are required to cover repairs or buy 
back the car at the full price of purchase, including the following costs: 
Price of car: 
9500.00 
Parts (brakes, not yet received): 
200.00 
Registration and pro rata insurance: 
743.00 (exact amount to be 
determined) 
Cost of alternative transportation 
after three days of car being under repair or out of service: 15.00 per day 
Failure to comply with the Used Vehicle Warranty Law is an unfair and 
deceptive act or practice under the Massachusetts Consumer Protection Act, 
c. 93 A, which may entitle me to double or triple damages, plus court costs 
and attorney's fees. 
With kind regards, 
Dr. Joscha Bach 
EFTA00589742

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589743.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589743.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00589743
--- PAGE 2 ---
eil
l) ()Mg
Diagnostics 
Report Status: Final 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
Patient Information 
Specimen Information 
Client Information 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
DOB: 111/20/1953 
AGE: 63 
Oender 
M 
Phone: 
561.366.0084 
Patina ID: 19530120MJE 
Health ID: 8573003290851249 
Specimen: 
TM037242L 
Requisition: 0000314 
Collected: 
11/25/2016 
Received: 
11/25/2016 120:23 EST 
Reported: 
11128/2016 / 11:05 EST 
Client //: 78300020 
56W5265 
MOSKOWITZ, BRUCE W 
BRUCE MOSKOWITZ, MD 
Ann: NATIONWIDE ACCOUNT 
1411 N FLAGLER DR STE 7100 
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401-3418 
Teat Name 
PTH, INTACT AND CALCIUM 
PTH, INTACT 
PARATHYROID HORMONE, 
INTACT 
In Range 
Interpretive Guide 
Intact PTH 
Out Of Range 
Reference Range 
77H 
Calcium 
14-64 og/mL 
Lab 
MI 
Normal Parathyroid 
Normal 
Normal 
Hypoparathyroidiam 
Low or Low Normal 
Low 
Hyperparathyroidism 
Primary 
Normal or High 
High 
Secondary 
High 
Normal or Low 
Tertiary 
High 
High 
Non-Parathyroid 
Hypercalcemia 
Low or Low Normal 
High 
CALCIUM 
9.7 
8.6-10.3 mg/di 
MI 
PERFORMING SITE: 
MI 
QUEST DIMIWOICEICI.MIRMI. men COMMERCE PARK WAY. MIRAMAR_ FL 3)02.‘,Ol Woven Deane GUN I. MARTO: MO PHD, CLIA: I LOCOMPI 
CLIENT SERVICES: 866.697.8378 
SPECIMEN: TM037242L 
Quest. Quest Diagnostics, the mandated lop mad all associated Quat Dlagentica marks are the trademnics at Quist Disgenstics. 
PAGE 1 OF 1 
EFTA00589744
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00589745
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00589746
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00589747
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00589748
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00589749

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589750.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589750.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
INVOICE 
Generated: Tue. 24 March 2015 15:26:15 
Page I of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
AgentDetails 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 NYC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket Information for 
Charges 
Airline Name 
Delta Air Lines 
Ticket Date 
24/03/2015 
Ticket Number 
7583727630 
Invoice 
1593607 
Electronic 
Yes 
Total Charged to American Express 
1207.30 
Ticket Base Fare 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
The Baggage Rules of Delta Air Lines apply to this itinerary. and can be accessed by visiting 
http.ilinyamextravol.com.baggage 
Travel Details 
Thursday 26 Mar 15 
Other Information 
917.00 
290.30 
1207.30 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES- PASSPORT MUST BE VALID FOR AT LEAST 6 MONTHS PAST PERIOD OF INTENDED 
STAY 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
to 
r Ines 
Flight 
DL466 
Origin 
Salt Lake City. Salt Lake City International 
Destination 
New York. John F Kennedy International 
Departing 
08:30 AM 
Arriving 
02:50 PM 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal Unit 2 
Arrival Terminal 
Terminal 4 
Class 
M Economy Class 
Seats 
Unassigned 
Assigned Seating Is Restricted To Airport Check In 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 20 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 737-800 
Meal 
Food For Purchase 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 3 
Invoice CIGSXC 
A.VERICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00589750
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Confirmed 
Airline 
to
 Lines 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 12 Mins 
Flight 
DL418 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A330-300 
Origin 
New York. John F Kennedy International 
Meal 
Dinner 
Destination 
Milan. Malpensa 
Number of Slops 
Non-stop 
Departing 
C6:03 PM 
Arriving 
07:15 AM / 27 Mar 2015 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal 4 
Arrival Terminal 
Terminal 1 
Class 
T Economy Class 
Seats 
Unassigned 
Assigned Seating Is Restricted To Airport Check In 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Additional Messages 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centtrion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In. when available 
• Roan Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional speaal amenity unique to each property, such as a $100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at ...mw ,an ere,anexpress.ccm.f.--. 
To book your stay. visit amerIcanexpress.cornifhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: caff Centurion Travel Service for details 
•' Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wvnv.allianz.com. Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise, accommodaticos, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services including. without limitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its af liates. subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Neese be advised that certain mandatory hotel.-imposed charges, including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees, may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit http://myamextravelcomistatictonations for more information. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A vialabon can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids, oxidizers. 
Page 2 of 3 
Invoce CIGSXC 
EFTA00589751
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
poisons. corrosives and radioacbve materials. Examples: Pants, lighter fluid. fireworks, tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit httpAriwwfaa.ciov/aboutiinitiativesThazmat safely/. 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives (collecOvety. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operation. accidents or 
failures of equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civi 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the pubbc internet telecommunications lines or facilites. or third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you n finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppbers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certan suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from lime to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing channels. participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including supplier avalability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppbers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than 550 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your claim 
and a $35 processeig fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim forth by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: iinwricrenfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product andior date. 
NEVADA; 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of travel services or a 
vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To Wan information relating to your nghts under the Recovery 
Fund and the fang of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fwd, you may contact the Consumer Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at 
the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA 1850 East Sahara Avenue. Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104. Phone: 
Far 
e-mail: 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane. Building B. Suite 113. Reno. Nevada 89502. Phone: 
California CST41022318, Washington UEW1600-469-694, Iowa TAA002. Nevada NVAI2001-0126. 
Fax: 
. e-mail: 
Page 3 of 3 
Invoice CIGSXC 
EFTA00589752

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589753.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589753.pdf
----------------------------------------
HISTORICAL STATEMENT 
12/1/2014 to 3/3/2015 
Thomas J. Ma 
Alvin Graysonle 
West 51at Street 
7th Floor 
New York NY 10019 
Mr. Jeff Epstein 
East 71st Street 
New York NY 10021 
Telephone: (212) 688.1090 
Date 
McCunt 
3/3/2016 
9648 
Remittent. 
wiPOOTAY, Ptaie Ont. UPPER PORTION NC ROW WITH YOUR 10 miTTATOE TO Ian t.E.O. TO PROPER Ptectwr 
Date 
Patient 
Description 
Charges 
Credits 
Balance 
6/20/2014 
Previous Balance 
0.00 
12/17/2014 
Amalgam 2 Surface Penn. 
350.00 
350.00 
12/17/2014 
Recall Oral Exam 
40.00 
390.00 
12/17/2014 
Adult Soak, & Prophy 
180.00 
570.00 
12/17/2014 
Bite Wings 4 Films 
65.00 
635.00 
1/8/2015 
Panoramic Film 
0,00 
635.00 
1/8/2015 
Ortho treatment adult 
7,500.00 
8,135.00 
1/30/2015 
AMERICAN EXPRESS 
635.00 
7,500.00 
2/9/2015 
Periapical X Ray 
25.00 
7.525.00 
Account Total 
7,626.00 
Patient Charges 
8,160.00 
Patent Payments 
636.00-
Patient Credits 
0.00 
Patient Debits 
0.00 
We accept credit cards You may complete and Mum the top part of 
this statement, or call the office at 212488-1090. 
Current 
Days 
Days 
26.00 
7,600.00 
0.00 
Days 
120+ Days 
0.00 
0.00 
Them* J. iilleonanl M. 
Min Groton M. 
West 51st Street 
7th 1:100, 
New York NY 10019 
(212) 689-1090 
EFTA00589753

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589754.pdf
----------------------------------------
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
C. CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION SERVICES 
Federal Plaza, Rm. 41130, New York, NY 10275 
NOTICE OF A PPROVA I. OF RELATIVE IMMIGRANT VISA PETITION 
NAME OF BENEFICIARY 
NAME AND ADDRESS OF ,‘PPLICANT/PF.TITIONER 
Karyna Shuliak 
301 FL 66°' Street Apt. 8H 
New York, NY 10065 
1-
DAEL PEIIIION FILED 
• 
14/02/2013 
CLASSIFICATION 
201(b) 
FILE NO. 
LIN1490151429 
DAIS LIF APPROVAL 
06/24/2014 
DATE: June 24, 2014 
'I he sin Killion you filed has been approved. 1 be kaeficiary for whom you filed has beta Eisen lbe appropriate classification. Note the approsid gists no 
antrum. that the heoeficiars will auinmatiralls he found cligiNe for visa 'mance, admission to the United States or adjustment to lawful permanent resident 
Status. \Shelter the beneficiary gels a visa is decided outs' w ben au applic-alioa is made to a conmdar offirem whether the beneficiary is admitted Or adjusts status 
in the United States is decided only when an application Is ioade to an immigration officer. 
I. 
K YOUR PETITION TO a -wary THE RES FIC' lARV .1S As immEDIATE RFL ATIVF. OE A UNITED STATES Criur% HASREIN 
FORWARDED TO THE UNITED STATES E.SIDASS1 A E 
THIS COMPLEXES ALL ActioN RV THIS SERVICE ON THE 
PETITION. THE UNITED STATES CONSULATE. WHICH IS PART OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE, WILL. CONTACT THE 
Il: %u ILYARY AND GIVE: INSTRUCTIONS WILT GETTING A VISA. QUESTIONS ABOUT GETTLNG A VISA SHOULD BE MADE TO 
TIIE UNITED STATES CONSUL. 
2. O IF YOU BEL:OME A NATI:NAL/CEO antEN OF THE UNITED STATES AND AN IMMIGRANT VISA HAS NOT VET ISFEN ISSUED TO 1111: 
BENEEIL3ARY MATEY THIS OITIL/E IMMEDIATELY. GIVING THE DATE OF YOUR NATURALIZATION. LF TILE PETITION WAS IN 
fEHALF OF 1 UR SON OR Mt GHTFIL PlIASE ADVISE. WHETHER 
PERSON IS STILL UNMARRIED. THIS INFORNIATIN MAY 
BF. FIFI.FFI-1. TO TOF. B.F.NFFICIARIV IN OETTLNO A N'ISA FASTER. 
3. O YOUR PETITION FOR PREFERENCE CLASSIFICATION HAS BEEN FORWARDED TO THE UNITED MAT ES CONSE Ern: AT 
. THIS COMPLETES ALL ACTION BY THE SERVICE. THIS SERVICE DOES NOT ISSUE VISAS INOTHER 
couvrRIF.S. VISAS ARE USW ED ON'S RV UN TEED STATES COVK I S WOO ARE EMPLOYEES OF THE UNITED STATES 
DEPAREMENT OF STATE. WHEN THE BENEFICIARY'S TURN IS REACHED ON THE vLsA W'AIT'ING 1.113T,THE UNITED STATES 
CONSUL WILL CONTACT THE BENEFICIARY AND GIVE INSTERCTIONSABOrf GETTING A %ISA. VISAS ARE ISSUED ACCORDING 
TO THE DATE THE PETITION WAS FILED. QUESTIONS ABOUT GETTING A VISA SHOULD RE ADDRESSED TO THE I *NIT En STATES 
CONSUL. 
—4: -O YOUR PETITION SAYS THAT THE BENEFICIARY IS IN THE UNITED STATES AND WILL APPLY TO BECOME .4 LAWFUL PEINTANENT 
RESIDENT. THE ESCLOSED APPLICATION (FORM I48S) SHOULD DE COMPLETED AND SI. BMI FLED BA 'UHL BE N KFIC:IA RV WITHIN 
DAYS. HT 'IE BENEFICIARY PREVIOUSLYSUBMITTED SUCH AN APPLICATION AM) HAI) IT RE-IA-nil:Emil' stiouLD BE 
RTSUBNIITT ED WITHIN 30 DAYS.) 
S. O THE BENEFICIARY WILL BE INFORMED OF THE DECISION NIADE ON THE PENDING A PPLICAISON "TO RE( AIME A I AWFUL 
PERMANENT RESIDENT. 
6. 
O THF PETrocix sAvs THAT-oil: RENE F l(lART IS IN THE UNITED STATES AND WILL APPLY TO BECOME A LAWFUL PERMANENT 
RESIDENT. THE BENEFICIARY MAY NOT APPLY TO BECOME A PERMANENT RESIDENT. HOWINER UNTIL A VISA NUtIRER IS 
AVAII.BAI.E. IN FORNIATION ABM T VISA NUM1Ildei HAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF STATE.. 
BUREAU OF CONSULAR AFFAIRS, WAIISiNGTON, DC. 
O ORIGINAL DOCUMENTS SUBMITTED IN SUPPORT OF YOUR PETITION UNACCOMPANIED et' CoritS HAVE KEEN MADE .V 
PERMANENT PART OF TIIE PETITION. ANY OTIIERS ARE BEING RETURNED WITH THIS FORM. 
8. 
• 
REMARKS. 
CC: M. Arda Beskardes, Esq. 
417 Bergen Street 
Brooklyn, NY 11217 
FORM I -I 71 
PHYLLIS A. COVEN 
DISTRICT DIRECTOR 
NEW YORK DISTRICT 
EFTA00589754

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589755.pdf
----------------------------------------
Department of Homeland Security 
US. Citizenship and Immigration Services 
Form 1-797C, Notice of Action 
THIS NOTICE DOES NOT GRANT ANY IMMIGRATION STATUS OR BENEFIT. 
REQUEST FOR APPUCAMT TO APPEAR FOR ligitALINIERWEW 
CASS Ttli 
A 200 176 395 
/090CATOM mime 
FORM I-485. APPLICATION TO REGISTER PERMANENT RESIDENCE OR ADJUST STATUS 
RW149149,1624 
riallinti 
can
PIIIORITY DUE 
Pr
July:30„ 2014 
July 30, 2014 
Of 
I Willa ran 
Detente! . 11, 2014 
KARYNA SHAJLIAK 
M ARDAI3ESKARDER 
M ARDA REWARDER ESQ 
4l7 BERGEN Silt F1-7 
BROOKLYN NY 11217 
IIIIIIIIIIIINIIR 
Top are hereby notified to
 for the interview appointment, as scheduled below, for the compMien of your Application to Register 
Permanent Residence or Adjust Status (Form 148b) and any sup pint rig appEcations or petitions. Failure to appear for Mrs Wee- raw anoYor ktrture 
fo &imam t) Sow fisted item s Strew d as the chini4 oiyojir 
p_CFR102.2414131,1_ 
Who should come vitt you? 
u If your eligibility Is based on your marriage, your husband or edit mind comyadjiyou to the interview. 
CI If you do not speak English fluently, you should bring an interpreter. 
U Your aaomey or authorized representative may come with you to the interview 
O fl your engblity is basal on a pate tfoirld relationship and De child is a minor. the petitioning parent and the chit must appear for the 'denies. 
WOTE: Every adult (ova 18 years ot age} who comes tri the interview mail hong Government-issued pion. identification, such as a drives licensea ID cad, 
in order lo enter the biking and to verify hisTher iderdih at the ime of the interview. You do not need lo bang your chidren unless otherwise Mauled 
Please beat fin* but do not arrive: more than 30 Moons early. We may woad or videotape your interview. 
YOU MUST BRING DV MUMMA'S ITEMS MTH YOU: (Please use as a checklist to prepare for your laminar) 
o This Interview Notice and your Gcwemment issued photo identification. 
A completed medical:a:saltation (Fom214303)adaieconiabon. soppleatwa in a sealed &Area* (unless already Submitted). 
CI A completed Affidaiii(s) of Support (Form 1164) wall all requited cadence, inclining the Mewing, for eath 
yourapmsons (mfr.:safer* samitted): 
Federal Income Tax returnsiand W-25. a oillified IRS prinleuts, for the most rectra tax year; 
• 
O Letters from each content employer, reifying arra rani:Cry:aid average weekly hours, and pay sirs for the past 2 months; 
Evidence M your sponsors andbr co-spermods United Slates Cans. tship or Lavitul Permanent:Resident status, 
All donummiationestabiisNog your dighity for Laiithi Pr:manse, Resident status. 
• 
• 
• 
u My immigration-related documentation evor issual to you, Paling any Erployment Authodzatica Document (EMI)) aid any Authorization to Advance 
Parole (Form1.612). 
CI NI travel documents used to enter the United Stales, including Passpons, Advance Fade documents (W2) and I- 4s (Arrival/Deo:vivre boatels). 
o Tow Seth Certificate. 
U Your petitioner's Birth Cognate and your petlionefs evidence of United Slates Citizenship or Lawful Permanent Resident Status. 
O Nyco hays diildten, bring a Birth Catificale for each of your dildien. 
▪ 
your eligiblity is based on yew manage, in akilion to your spouse cluing b the interview with you, brag: 
O A certified copy of your Marriage Document issued by the appropriate civil authority. 
o your spouse's Oath testicle and your wai ls evidenced Urged States Citizenship or Lawful Permanent Resident status; 
it elber you or your wise were ever mauled before, :ft theme decresisMeath certificates to each rot mintage:Ammer spouse; 
o Birth Cedlicahks feral children of this merrier, and tuslody papers la your dalOren and fa your spouse's chicken net living with you; 
Sappcning evidenced your relaaraiship, such as copes el any dooimentaaor mg :riding joint assets or Hanes you and your spouse may have together. 
This may induda 
retumartnnianatinewori+iaardKewl6evrnentsje mile,ktedanidlutpetty-tificormebitar. 
etearreitalagreenienis.orlity bias, 
credit mak contracts, leases, photos. correaponlemeandlor any other documents you bet may substantiate yow relationship 
U Original andcopy of each supporting document /hat you submitted with yoke application. Otherwise, we may keep yotr originais for air records. 
O II you have ever been arrested, bring the reined Police Report and the onginal or certified Hui Cowl Disposition for each most oven ii the charges have 
been dismissed or einanged. If no court record is available, Binge letter from the court with riskier", irritating this. 
A certified English translation for each bar language document The translator roust certify that srhe is fluent in tote languages, and that the translation 
its entirety rs complete and accurate. 
YOU musTAppEmms ITHS 
VIEW If an emergency, such as yew aim illness or a dose relative's hospitalization, prevents ruiner, apperaing. col the 
US. ettzenship aid Immograkin Samos (USCIS) National Customer Service Center at 1440-375-5243 as somas passble. Please be advised that 
rescheduling will delay processing of appicationfpetition, and may movie some steps to be repealed It may also affect your digitally for other immigration 
benefits white this application is pending. 
if you have questions, please call the USOS National Customer Service Center at 1400.375-5283 (hearing impaired TOO service is L800167-1833). 
PLEASE COME TO: U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services 
ON: Friday, January 16, 2015 
FEDERAL PI n7A 
AT: 09:00 AM 
4TH FLOC( ROOM 4-437 
NEW YORK NY 10274 
REPRESEN TAT' VE COPY 
if this eau Jewett is. or Nometrim appointment nen rt. please we the brat of thb notice for linpertnat totem' don, 
Po-n I-797C 3711:114 
EFTA00589755
--- PAGE 2 ---
Notice to Applicant: if von have ever been arrested or detained by any law 
enforcement officer for any reason, you must bring the following to your 
adjustment of status interview. 
NOTE 
You do not need to bring any documentation relating to any traffic fines and incidents that were 
not alcohol or drug related and did not involve an actual arrest if the only penalty was a fine of 
less than $500 and/or points on your driver's license. 
You dr, need to bring documentation if you were involved in any traffic incidents that were 
alcohol or drug related or you were arrested for the incident, or if the penalty resulted in a fine of 
more than $500 and/or points on your driver's license. 
If you have ever been arrested or detained bv any_law entertain?* officer for any reason and no 
charges were filed, bring: 
• 
An original official statement by the arresting agency or applicable court order 
confirming that no charges were filed. 
If you have ever been arrested or detained by a law enforcement officer for any reason, and 
charges were filed, or if charges were filed against you without an err*, bring: 
• 
An original or court-certified copy of the complete arrest record, and/or disposition for 
• 
each incident (e.g., dicrrlicall order, conviction record or acquittal corder). 
If you have ever been convicted or placed in an alternative sentencing grogram or rehabilitative 
program (such as drug treatment or community service program), bring: 
• 
An original or court-certified copy of the sentencing record for each incident, and 
evidence that you completed your sentence, specifical ly: 
o An original or certified copy of your probation or parole record, or 
o Evidence that you completed an alternative sentencing program or rehabilitative 
program. 
. — If you have ever.had-any.arrestar convictiorornlart, se' assiclaccralod,excarrigeft or-otherwise 
- - 
removed from your record, bring: 
• 
An original or court-certified copy of the court order vacating, setting aside, sealing, 
expunging or otherwise removing the arrest or conviction, or an original statement from 
the court that no record exists of your arrest or conviction. 
EFTA00589756

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589757.pdf
----------------------------------------
Department of Homeland Security 
US. Citizenship and Immigration Services 
Form 1-797C, Notice of Action 
THIS NOTICE DOES NOT GRANT ANY IMMIGRATION STATUS OR BENEFIT. 
REQUEST FOR APPUCAMT TO APPEAR FOR ligitALINIERWEW 
CASS Ttli 
A 200 176 395 
/090CATOM mime 
FORM I-485. APPLICATION TO REGISTER PERMANENT RESIDENCE OR ADJUST STATUS 
RW149149,1624 
riallinti 
can
PIIIORITY DUE 
Pr
July:30„ 2014 
July 30, 2014 
Of 
I Willa ran 
Detente! . 11, 2014 
KARYNA SHAJLIAK 
M ARDAI3ESKARDER 
M ARDA REWARDER ESQ 
4l7 BERGEN Silt F1-7 
BROOKLYN NY 11217 
IIIIIIIIIIIINIIR 
Top are hereby notified to
 for the interview appointment, as scheduled below, for the compMien of your Application to Register 
Permanent Residence or Adjust Status (Form 148b) and any sup pint rig appEcations or petitions. Failure to appear for Mrs Wee- raw anoYor ktrture 
fo &imam t) Sow fisted item s Strew d as the chini4 oiyojir 
p_CFR102.2414131,1_ 
Who should come vitt you? 
u If your eligibility Is based on your marriage, your husband or edit mind comyadjiyou to the interview. 
CI If you do not speak English fluently, you should bring an interpreter. 
U Your aaomey or authorized representative may come with you to the interview 
O fl your engblity is basal on a pate tfoirld relationship and De child is a minor. the petitioning parent and the chit must appear for the 'denies. 
WOTE: Every adult (ova 18 years ot age} who comes tri the interview mail hong Government-issued pion. identification, such as a drives licensea ID cad, 
in order lo enter the biking and to verify hisTher iderdih at the ime of the interview. You do not need lo bang your chidren unless otherwise Mauled 
Please beat fin* but do not arrive: more than 30 Moons early. We may woad or videotape your interview. 
YOU MUST BRING DV MUMMA'S ITEMS MTH YOU: (Please use as a checklist to prepare for your laminar) 
o This Interview Notice and your Gcwemment issued photo identification. 
A completed medical:a:saltation (Fom214303)adaieconiabon. soppleatwa in a sealed &Area* (unless already Submitted). 
CI A completed Affidaiii(s) of Support (Form 1164) wall all requited cadence, inclining the Mewing, for eath 
yourapmsons (mfr.:safer* samitted): 
Federal Income Tax returnsiand W-25. a oillified IRS prinleuts, for the most rectra tax year; 
• 
O Letters from each content employer, reifying arra rani:Cry:aid average weekly hours, and pay sirs for the past 2 months; 
Evidence M your sponsors andbr co-spermods United Slates Cans. tship or Lavitul Permanent:Resident status, 
All donummiationestabiisNog your dighity for Laiithi Pr:manse, Resident status. 
• 
• 
• 
u My immigration-related documentation evor issual to you, Paling any Erployment Authodzatica Document (EMI)) aid any Authorization to Advance 
Parole (Form1.612). 
CI NI travel documents used to enter the United Stales, including Passpons, Advance Fade documents (W2) and I- 4s (Arrival/Deo:vivre boatels). 
o Tow Seth Certificate. 
U Your petitioner's Birth Cognate and your petlionefs evidence of United Slates Citizenship or Lawful Permanent Resident Status. 
O Nyco hays diildten, bring a Birth Catificale for each of your dildien. 
▪ 
your eligiblity is based on yew manage, in akilion to your spouse cluing b the interview with you, brag: 
O A certified copy of your Marriage Document issued by the appropriate civil authority. 
o your spouse's Oath testicle and your wai ls evidenced Urged States Citizenship or Lawful Permanent Resident status; 
it elber you or your wise were ever mauled before, :ft theme decresisMeath certificates to each rot mintage:Ammer spouse; 
o Birth Cedlicahks feral children of this merrier, and tuslody papers la your dalOren and fa your spouse's chicken net living with you; 
Sappcning evidenced your relaaraiship, such as copes el any dooimentaaor mg :riding joint assets or Hanes you and your spouse may have together. 
This may induda 
retumartnnianatinewori+iaardKewl6evrnentsje mile,ktedanidlutpetty-tificormebitar. 
etearreitalagreenienis.orlity bias, 
credit mak contracts, leases, photos. correaponlemeandlor any other documents you bet may substantiate yow relationship 
U Original andcopy of each supporting document /hat you submitted with yoke application. Otherwise, we may keep yotr originais for air records. 
O II you have ever been arrested, bring the reined Police Report and the onginal or certified Hui Cowl Disposition for each most oven ii the charges have 
been dismissed or einanged. If no court record is available, Binge letter from the court with riskier", irritating this. 
A certified English translation for each bar language document The translator roust certify that srhe is fluent in tote languages, and that the translation 
its entirety rs complete and accurate. 
YOU musTAppEmms ITHS 
VIEW If an emergency, such as yew aim illness or a dose relative's hospitalization, prevents ruiner, apperaing. col the 
US. ettzenship aid Immograkin Samos (USCIS) National Customer Service Center at 1440-375-5243 as somas passble. Please be advised that 
rescheduling will delay processing of appicationfpetition, and may movie some steps to be repealed It may also affect your digitally for other immigration 
benefits white this application is pending. 
if you have questions, please call the USOS National Customer Service Center at 1400.375-5283 (hearing impaired TOO service is L800167-1833). 
PLEASE COME TO: U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services 
ON: Friday, January 16, 2015 
FEDERAL PI n7A 
AT: 09:00 AM 
4TH FLOC( ROOM 4-437 
NEW YORK NY 10274 
REPRESEN TAT' VE COPY 
if this eau Jewett is. or Nometrim appointment nen rt. please we the brat of thb notice for linpertnat totem' don, 
Po-n I-797C 3711:114 
EFTA00589757
--- PAGE 2 ---
Notice to Applicant: if von have ever been arrested or detained by any law 
enforcement officer for any reason, you must bring the following to your 
adjustment of status interview. 
NOTE 
You do not need to bring any documentation relating to any traffic fines and incidents that were 
not alcohol or drug related and did not involve an actual arrest if the only penalty was a fine of 
less than $500 and/or points on your driver's license. 
You dr, need to bring documentation if you were involved in any traffic incidents that were 
alcohol or drug related or you were arrested for the incident, or if the penalty resulted in a fine of 
more than $500 and/or points on your driver's license. 
If you have ever been arrested or detained bv any_law entertain?* officer for any reason and no 
charges were filed, bring: 
• 
An original official statement by the arresting agency or applicable court order 
confirming that no charges were filed. 
If you have ever been arrested or detained by a law enforcement officer for any reason, and 
charges were filed, or if charges were filed against you without an err*, bring: 
• 
An original or court-certified copy of the complete arrest record, and/or disposition for 
• 
each incident (e.g., dicrrlicall order, conviction record or acquittal corder). 
If you have ever been convicted or placed in an alternative sentencing grogram or rehabilitative 
program (such as drug treatment or community service program), bring: 
• 
An original or court-certified copy of the sentencing record for each incident, and 
evidence that you completed your sentence, specifical ly: 
o An original or certified copy of your probation or parole record, or 
o Evidence that you completed an alternative sentencing program or rehabilitative 
program. 
. — If you have ever.had-any.arrestar convictiorornlart, se' assiclaccralod,excarrigeft or-otherwise 
- - 
removed from your record, bring: 
• 
An original or court-certified copy of the court order vacating, setting aside, sealing, 
expunging or otherwise removing the arrest or conviction, or an original statement from 
the court that no record exists of your arrest or conviction. 
EFTA00589758

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589759.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589759.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
INVOICE 
Generated: Thu. 20 November 2014 09:10:10 
Page 1 of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
AgentDetalls 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket Information for 
Charges 
Airline Name 
Qatar Airways 
Ticket Date 
20/11/2014 
Total Charged to American Express 
11760.90 
Ticket Number 
7508483463 
Invoice 
0514183 
Electronic 
Yes 
Ticket Base Fare 
10995.00 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
765.90 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
11760.90 
Ticket Information for 
Charges 
Airline Name 
Qatar 
Date 
20/11/2014 
Total Charged to American Express 
765.90 
Airways 
Ticket 
Ticket Number 
7508483464 
Invoice 
0514183 
Electronic 
Yes 
Ticket Base Fare 
0.00 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
765.90 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
765.90 
Travel Details 
Saturday 22 Nov 14 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
A VISA IS REQUIRED FOR ENTRY INTO UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
Page 1 of 3 
Invoice PBIFUN 
V.'ERICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00589759
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator Ml
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Qatar Airways 
QR702 
New York, John F Kennedy International 
Doha, Doha 
09:20 PM 
05:30 PM / 23 Nov 2014 
Terminal 8 
I Business Class 
6E, 5B 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Thursday 27 Nov 14 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Hrs 10 Ifilins 
Boeing 777-300Er 
Meals 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
I Business Class 
Seats 
4A, 4B 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Qatar Airways 
QR701 
Doha, Doha 
New York. John F Kennedy International 
08:05 AM 
02:15 PM 
Terminal 8 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Hrs 10 Niels 
Boeing 777-300Er 
Meals 
Non-stop 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures a advertisements describing any tour. cruise. accommodations, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includng, without limitation, al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wash to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation Important Sine ticket terms and oonritions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit httplf/myamextravelcom/staticiconditions for more information. 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subeidianes. affiliates and representatives (collecbvefy. 'Amer) act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly. from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancelation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or
failures of equipment or changes in fares. itineranes or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fires. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of govemmental authorities. civil 
Page 2 of 3 
Invoice PBIFUN 
a
ArsP,ERIOiN 
Es:PRESS 
EFTA00589760
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00589761

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589762.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589762.pdf
----------------------------------------
BRYAN'S ELECTRICAL CONTRACTING CORP. 
Licensed Electrical Contractor 
Residential*CommerciaLlndustriaLElectrical Wiring & Installation 
Denny Bryan 
February 10, 2016 
Ann Rodriguez 
Little St. James 
Re: Transformer installation 
Initial Quotation 
- 500 KVA Pad-Mount Transformer 3 phase 
$22,9O0.00 
Deposit:$11,450.00 
Installation: $1500.00 
Balance Due upon Completion: $12,950.00 
Sincerely yours, 
Denny Bryan, President 
EFTA00589762

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589763.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589763.pdf
----------------------------------------
BLACK 
SPEBNICK 
KOPNSPAN 
STUMPF 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS B-3 
ST THOMAS 00802 
US VIRGIN ISLANDS 
TRIAL ATTORNEYS 
Telephone: 
305-371-6421 
Tax ID Number: 
59-1702811 
Statement Date: 
08/05/2015 
Statement No. 
104 
Account No. 
826.01 
PREVIOUS BALANCE 
$187.50 
HOURS 
07/06/2015 
RB 
LEGAL FEES - WORK ON COURTS ORDER RE: DISCOVERY, GRAND 
JURY AND PRIVILEGE ISSUES. 
0.60 
840.00 
JP 
LEGAL FEES - REVIEW ORDER FROM JUDGE MARRA ON 
PRIVILEGES/DISCOVERY; EMAIL WITH MARTY WEINBERG; EMAIL 
DARREN & JEFFREY RE: MEDIA INQUIRY. 
0.20 
125.00 
07/10/2015 
JP 
LEGAL FEES - CALL WITH MARTY CONCERNING DISCLOSURE 
AGREEMENT FOR LITIGATION; DRAFT EMAIL TO ROY. 
0.20 
125.00 
07/11/2015 
JP 
LEGAL FEES - EMAIL WITH ROY CONCERNING CIVIL LITIGATION AND 
DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT. 
0.10 
62.50 
07/16/2015 
JP 
LEGAL FEES - CALL WITH AUSA VILLAFANA CONCERNING VICTIM LIST 
AND ATTORNEY NAMES; EMAIL AND CALL WITH MARTY; SUBSEQUENT 
CALL WITH AUSA VILLAFANA AND CALL WITH MARTY. 
0.40 
250.00 
07/27/2015 
JP 
LEGAL FEES - REVIEW PLEADINGS FROM LAST WEEK/ORDER TODAY 
CONCERNING DISCLOSURE OF VICTIM NAMES. 
0.20 
125.00
FOR CURRENT SERVICES RENDERED 
1.70 
1,527.50 
RECAPITULATION 
TIMEKEEPER 
HOURS HOURLY  RATE 
TOTAL 
Roy Black 
0.60 
$1,400.00 
$840.00 
Jackie Perczek 
1.10 
625.00 
687.50 
07/17/2015 
COSTS ADVANCED Pacer Service Center - Invoice #2517428-022015 from 4/1/15 
- 6130/15 
3.50 
TOTAL EXPENSES 
3.50 
THIS PERIOD'S TRANSACTIONS 
1,531.00 
06/30/2015 
PAYMENT DEPOSIT NO 2991 
-187.50 
201 S. BISCAYNE BOULEVARD 
SUITE 1300 
MIAMI, FL 33131 
Page 1 
EFTA00589763
--- PAGE 2 ---
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Statement Date: 
08/05/2015 
Statement No. 
104 
Account No. 
826.01 
TOTAL OUTSTANDING 
$1,531.00 
Your Trust Account #2 Balance is 
OPENING BALANCE 
06/30/2015 
DEPOSIT NO 1185 
06/30/2015 
Transfer towards fees 
PAYEE: Black, Srebnick, Kornspan & 
$0.00 
187.50 
-187.50 
CLOSING BALANCE 
$0.00 
Total Outstanding 
$1,531.00
Page 
EFTA00589764

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589765.pdf
----------------------------------------
MINIM  PALM ITE4rH OFFIM 
2139 PALM BEACH LAKES BUR 
WEST PALM OF_ACH. FLORIDA 33409 
P.O. BOX 3625 
WEST PAW BEACH. FLORIDA 33402 
(S61) 666.6300 
1.600.780.6607 
1-600-220-7006 Spanish 
AT1OPMYS AT LAW 
ROSA:YR PIA OAKER BAPNES 
T. GREGORY CIARNHAII7 
mAILDEE MSS 73 
LAWRIE J EIRC7GS 
PR AUR CC7ACY 
WILMA S. IlltAIER 
MARIAM GARCIA 
JARESW.GUSTAFSONAR. 
JACK P HAL 
DAVID IC KELLEY...a 
CAPIERCN IA CAREEN 
MUM 8. MGT
DARRYL L ens ,
*WILLIAM a. NoRTON 
pmnoc LaumAiP 
EDNARD BBC! 
7.1014N MARCIA 
*CHRISTIAN Ct UAW 
Wee. A siliPLIV ■ 
CHRISTOPHER IL GPM°
OR AN P.CULLMAN N.
'WIWI CIRRI& 
D.AVM.1 WARD IR 
'C. CALM, RAMMER I 
OF fl
 r.SFP 
*EARL LGENNEY.JR.. 
SHAREMLORRII 
'Bono cuarnco 
&SD ANNUM 
I MARCO' 
µAIME 
IAAPIYM40 
imssasurs 
LISGISGIPP: 
411W HAMPSHIRE 
'Ma JERSEY 
A YIRGINU
• WASHINGTON DC 
PARALEGALS: 
VNIA21 AY&ELTEJEDA 
RANGY M. CUM®! 
DAVD W GrtAICIli 
JOHN CHOMPS 
0E133.1M %KNAPP 
VINCENT L LEONARD 
JAMES PETER LOA 
W_e€RT W. Priam 
mkgx Meet 
WALESA MCI 
STEVE SI SMITH 
EQ'Tdt S STARK 
WALTER A STUN 
SEARCY 
DENNEY 
SCAROLA 
BARNHART 
er--S IPLLYp. 
VIA EMAIL and U.S. MAIL 
toniaQtoniahaddadDa.com 
August 24, 2012 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
Law Offices of Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
524 S Andrews Avenue, Suite 200N 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Re: 
Epstein v. Rothstein, et al 
Our File No.: 291874 
Dear Ms. Coleman: 
0/51 I ANASSOP MFICP 
THE TOME HOUSE 
517 NORTH CALHOLIN STREET 
TALLAHASSEE. FL 32301-1231 
Enclosed please find Defendant/Counterplaintiff's Motion to File Amendment to 
Third Amended Counterclaim together with a Notice of Hearing for August 30, 2012 
at 8:45 a.m. If there is a possibility of resolving any of the issues raised in the motion 
without the necessity of court, intervention, please call me. 
Since my schedule often makes it difficult to reach me by phone during regular 
business hours, I invite you, if necessary, to call me at home in the evening at 561-
575-2427. 
Lilly Sanchez, Esq. 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esq. 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
(150) 224-7600 
14661449-7011 
WWW.SEARCYLAW.COM 
EFTA00589765

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589766.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589766.pdf
----------------------------------------
LES FILE DRYWALL, INC. 
116 INDUSTRIAL NE ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO 87107 
(505) 345-8283 FAX (505) 345-7528 
Price Quote 
To: 
Zorro Ranch 
Job: 
ATTN: 
Date: 
6/13/2012 
From: 
Ramon Sandoval 
Description of work: 
1: Patch and repair all block wall on site 
$12,594 
2: @ Mech Building, Patch and Repair stucco where needed, install control joint @ +- 7-0" 
also refinish north wall of Mech. Building 
$9,040 
2A: Scaffolding And Claen Up 
$2,500 
3:@ Cottage, Patch and repair stucco where needed, also refinish East wall 
$10,397 
3A: Scaffolding and Clean up 
$2,550 
4: @ Main House Upper level, Patch and repair where needed, refinish East wall 
$1 1,247 
4A: Scaffolding and Clean up 
$1,529 
5: @ Deck, Patch and repair where needed, also repair coulmns 
$4,200 
6: @ Main House Lower Level, Patch and repair where needed 
$7,530 
6A: Scaffolding and claen up 
$2,550 
7: Patch nad repair East Proch dur to roof leak Mural by others 
$4,500 
8: @ Court Yard, patch and repait coulnms and Mis. Items 
$4,200 
NM Gross Recipt Tax-Santa Fe Cointy 
$5,063 
Price: 
Total Price 
$77,900 
EFTA00589766
--- PAGE 2 ---
The pricing of this change order is good for thirty days. after which a review will be required. We reserve the right to determine and request the cost 
of impact and/or delay caused by this change until approvals and proceed instructions can be established. My contract modification resulting from 
this proposal shall contain the following language: The extension of time for procurement of equipment and material is 00 working days. The 
extension of time because of labor hours added by this change is 00 working days. The General Contractor may also request that this work be 
preformed on a overtime basis as not to impact original contract work and this request will constitute extra cost beyond this change of work. 
EFTA00589767

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589768.pdf
----------------------------------------
FTSA1.F.SSTUART 
April 14, 2011 
Freedom Air International 
3800 Southern Blvd, Suite 204 
West Palm Beach, FL 10150 
Attn: Larry Visosky 
VIA E-mail: biete 
Dear Mr. Visosky: 
JET SALES STUART, LLC, on behalf of our client is pleased to offer 51,750,000.00 for the Bell 407 Serial 
Number 53375, FAA Registration Number N491GM. 
This offer is subject to an acceptable pre-purchase inspection; and conveyance of clear title at closing. The 
pre-purchase inspection shall take place at Edwards and Associates to include an audit of the recently 
completed annual inspection, log and records review, and any other ancillary inspections as mutually agreed 
upon by Buyer and Seller; which shall be completed within 20 days from acceptance of this offer. Closing 
shall take place within 30 days from completion of the Pre-purchase inspection and acceptance. 
It is understood there is no damage history associated with the aircraft and the aircraft shall be delivered in 
airworthy condition with all Airworthiness Directives and Mandatory Service Bulletin's completed, on its 
Factory Maintenance Programs with all Life Limited Components up to date with no deferments or extensions, 
with all associated spare parts, manuals, complete and original log books, and all systems operating within 
manufacturers specifications. 
We are in position to pursue this transaction immediately. This offer is not subject to financing. 
If you elect to accept this offer, please fax back to me your executed signature and date of acceptance. At the 
time of your acceptance we will place a 550,000.00 deposit at Insured Aircraft Title Service, Inc. to the 
attention of Joan Roberts (800) 654-4882. If accepted, this offer will be superseded by a Formal Purchase 
Agreement to include these terms. Your quick response to this offer is appreciated. 
This offer is valid for 2 working days from the date of this offer. Beyond 2 days this offer may be extended or 
revised upon mutual agreement by both parties. Please feel free to call me with any questions or comments. 
ACCEPTED BY: 
Best Regards, 
Freedom Air International 
Date 
2324 Liberator Lane, Suite 301, Stuart, Florida, 34996 
772-220-1700 Phone ♦ 772-220-1409 Fax 
EFTA00589768

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589769.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein knew fraud was collapsing - South Florida Sun-Sentinel.com Page 1 of 3 
sun-sentinel.com/news/broward/rothstein/fl-scott-rothstein-ponzi-jeffrey-epstein-
20120626,0,4310002.story 
South Florida Sun-Sentinel.com 
Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein knew fraud was collapsing 
By Jon Burstein Sun Sentinel 
Sun Sentinel 
11:36 PM EDT, June 26, 2012 
The letter sent Scott Rothstein into a panic — he feared 
his colossal crimes were about to be exposed. 
It was February 2009, eight months before his $1.4 
billion Ponzi scheme collapsed. A family of investors 
had sent him the letter demanding their $4.25 million 
back immediately, and Rothstein was certain they had 
uncovered his secret. 
"Holy s***, this is going to explode," Rothstein recalled 
thinking. "They figured out the Ponzi scheme. They 
know there's no money in the accounts. We are all going 
to jail." 
The imprisoned Rothstein offered fresh details into his 
final, paranoid-filled months of freedom in more 
transcripts released this week from his three weeks of closed-door testimony earlier this month. In 
addition to testifying how he kept the largest financial fraud in South Florida history alive, Rothstein 
explained how he hooked a group of investors by using real civil cases accusing billionaire money-
manager Jeffrey Epstein of having sex with underage girls. 
advertisement 
Rothstein, 50, told his prospective investors they were buying confidential legal settlements in 
whistleblower and sexual harassment cases from plaintiffs who preferred quick lump-sum payments 
rather than waiting for all the money. All of the settlements were phony, with Rothstein and his office 
staff making up the backup paperwork. 
The fraud unraveled in October 2009 with Rothstein, a now-disbarred Fort Lauderdale attorney, briefly 
fleeing to Morocco, then returning to secretly cooperate with the FBI until his arrest a month later. He is 
currently serving a 50-year prison sentence, his whereabouts unknown because he's in a witness 
protection program behind bars. 
While he may be in hiding, he still has a lot to say, giving a two-week deposition in December followed 
by the 15-day session this month. So far more than 5,000 pages of Rothstein's testimony have been made 
public with at least 1,000 pages more set to be released in the next few weeks. 
Testifying via videoconferencing in the most recent deposition, Rothstein said he believed his Ponzi 
http://www.sun-sentinel.corn/news/broward/rothstein/fl-scott-rothstein-ponzi-jeffrey-epstei... 6/27/2012 
EFTA00589769
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein knew fraud was collapsing - South Florida 
Page 2 of 3 
scheme was at risk of being exposed when Gerald Brauser and his family demanded back $4.25 million 
they had invested with him. 
Rothstein said the Brausers' attorney, Frank Graziadei, claimed he had obtained a banking report 
showing the Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler law firm's trust accounts didn't have nearly as much money in 
them as Rothstein was claiming. Rothstein said he acted quickly to reimburse the Brausers with other 
investors' money and to have them sign a confidential settlement. 
"We didn't want them to go to authorities," Rothstein said. 
The bankruptcy trustee for Rothstein's law firm has since sued the Brausers to recover the $4.25 million. 
A lawyer for the Brausers told the Sun Sentinel that Rothstein's allegation he bought the Brausers' 
silence is "nonsense." 
"They asked for their principal back because they were led to believe they could withdraw the money at 
any time and one of the Brausers had the need for the investment back to pay off the mortgage on a 
completely unrelated property," said Allan Joseph, another attorney for the Brausers. "My clients are 
victims and now they have to defend against a lawsuit solely on Scott Rothstein's testimony." 
Joseph said that it makes no sense that if the Brausers had believed Rothstein was a crook why one of 
them retained him as an attorney in another matter. In addition, another family member put $900,000 of 
his own money into a different Rothstein investment vehicle two days before the letter was sent, Joseph 
said. 
Joseph said Graziadei, the attorney who wrote the letter, has testified that he never mentioned anything 
about a banking report to Rothstein. 
In other testimony given by Rothstein, he acknowledged that he allowed a group of investors go through 
files involving sex abuse lawsuits against billionaire Jeffrey Epstein. One of Rothstein's law partners, 
Bradley Edwards, had sued Epstein on behalf of three underage girls who alleged they had sex with him 
while he was staying at his Palm Beach mansion. 
In 2008, Epstein reached a plea deal with state prosecutors on two sex-related charges and spent about a 
year in the Palm Beach County Jail. 
Rothstein said he lied to the investors about being able to buy hefty confidential legal settlements in the 
Epstein cases. He said Edwards knew nothing about the Ponzi scheme and had no idea the files were 
being shared with investors. 
"I took advantage of some good, innocent people for my own and my co-conspirator's illegal purposes," 
Rothstein said. "Mr. Edwards is one of them, and for that I am sorry, Brad." 
Epstein is suing Edwards in Palm Beach County Circuit Court, alleging the attorney knew Rothstein was 
using the cases to solicit investors. Edwards has filed a countersuit accusing Epstein of malicious 
prosecution and abuse of the legal process. 
One of Epstein's attorneys, Tonja Haddad, said Tuesday that it's clear her client's cases were used to 
solicit investors. 
6/27/2012 
EFTA00589770
--- PAGE 3 ---
Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein knew fraud was collapsing - South Florida 
Page 3 of 3 
"There's more than the word of Scott Rothstein to figure out the truth," she said. 
Jack Scarola, Edwards' attorney, said there are no facts to back up Epstein's allegations. 
"To the contrary, his lawsuit was merely a desperate measure by a serial pedophile to prevent being held 
accountable for repeatedly sexually abusing minor females," wrote Scarola in court filings. 
954-356-4491 or Twitter @jklmrstein 
Copyright @ 2012, South Florida Sun-Sentinel 
6/27/2012 
EFTA00589771

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589772.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589772.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein knew fraud was collapsing - South Florida 
Page 1 of 3 
20120626.0.4310002. story 
South Florida 
Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein knew fraud was collapsing 
By Jon Burstein Sun Sentinel 
Sun Sentinel 
11:36 PM EDT, June 26, 2012 
The letter sent Scott Rothstein into a panic — he feared 
his colossal crimes were about to be exposed. 
It was February 2009, eight months before his $1.4 
billion Ponzi scheme collapsed. A family of investors 
had sent him the letter demanding their $4.25 million 
back immediately, and Rothstein was certain they had 
uncovered his secret. 
"Holy s***, this is going to explode," Rothstein recalled 
thinking. "They figured out the Ponzi scheme. They 
know there's no money in the accounts. We are all going 
to jail." 
The imprisoned Rothstein offered fresh details into his 
final, paranoid-filled months of freedom in more 
transcripts released this week from his three weeks of closed-door testimony earlier this month. In 
addition to testifying how he kept the largest financial fraud in South Florida history alive, Rothstein 
explained how he hooked a group of investors by using real civil cases accusing billionaire money-
manager Jeffrey Epstein of having sex with underage girls. 
advertisement 
Rothstein, 50, told his prospective investors they were buying confidential legal settlements in 
whistleblower and sexual harassment cases from plaintiffs who preferred quick lump-sum payments 
rather than waiting for all the money. All of the settlements were phony, with Rothstein and his office 
staff making up the backup paperwork. 
The fraud unraveled in October 2009 with Rothstein, a now-disbarred Fort Lauderdale attorney, briefly 
fleeing to Morocco, then returning to secretly cooperate with the FBI until his arrest a month later. He is 
currently serving a 50-year prison sentence, his whereabouts unknown because he's in a witness 
protection program behind bars. 
While he may be in hiding, he still has a lot to say, giving a two-week deposition in December followed 
by the 15-day session this month. So far more than 5,000 pages of Rothstein's testimony have been made 
public with at least 1,000 pages more set to be released in the next few weeks. 
Testifying via videoconferencing in the most recent deposition, Rothstein said he believed his Ponzi 
6/27/2012 
EFTA00589772
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein knew fraud was collapsing - South Florida 
Page 2 of 3 
scheme was at risk of being exposed when Gerald Brauser and his family demanded back $4.25 million 
they had invested with him. 
Rothstein said the Brausers' attorney, Frank Graziadei, claimed he had obtained a banking report 
showing the Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler law firm's trust accounts didn't have nearly as much money in 
them as Rothstein was claiming. Rothstein said he acted quickly to reimburse the Brausers with other 
investors' money and to have them sign a confidential settlement. 
"We didn't want them to go to authorities," Rothstein said. 
The bankruptcy trustee for Rothstein's law firm has since sued the Brausers to recover the $4.25 million. 
A lawyer for the Brausers told the Sun Sentinel that Rothstein's allegation he bought the Brausers' 
silence is "nonsense." 
"They asked for their principal back because they were led to believe they could withdraw the money at 
any time and one of the Brausers had the need for the investment back to pay off the mortgage on a 
completely unrelated property," said Allan Joseph, another attorney for the Brausers. "My clients are 
victims and now they have to defend against a lawsuit solely on Scott Rothstein's testimony." 
Joseph said that it makes no sense that if the Brausers had believed Rothstein was a crook why one of 
them retained him as an attorney in another matter. In addition, another family member put $900,000 of 
his own money into a different Rothstein investment vehicle two days before the letter was sent, Joseph 
said. 
Joseph said Graziadei, the attorney who wrote the letter, has testified that he never mentioned anything 
about a banking report to Rothstein. 
In other testimony given by Rothstein, he acknowledged that he allowed a group of investors go through 
files involving sex abuse lawsuits against billionaire Jeffrey Epstein. One of Rothstein's law partners, 
Bradley Edwards, had sued Epstein on behalf of three underage girls who alleged they had sex with him 
while he was staying at his Palm Beach mansion. 
In 2008, Epstein reached a plea deal with state prosecutors on two sex-related charges and spent about a 
year in the Palm Beach County Jail. 
Rothstein said he lied to the investors about being able to buy hefty confidential legal settlements in the 
Epstein cases. He said Edwards knew nothing about the Ponzi scheme and had no idea the files were 
being shared with investors. 
"I took advantage of some good, innocent people for my own and my co-conspirator's illegal purposes," 
Rothstein said. "Mr. Edwards is one of them, and for that I am sorry, Brad." 
Epstein is suing Edwards in Palm Beach County Circuit Court, alleging the attorney knew Rothstein was 
using the cases to solicit investors. Edwards has filed a countersuit accusing Epstein of malicious 
prosecution and abuse of the legal process. 
One of Epstein's attorneys, Tonja Haddad, said Tuesday that it's clear her client's cases were used to 
solicit investors. 
6/27/2012 
EFTA00589773
--- PAGE 3 ---
Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein knew fraud was collapsing - South Florida 
Page 3 of 3 
"There's more than the word of Scott Rothstein to figure out the truth," she said. 
Jack Scarola, Edwards' attorney, said there are no facts to back up Epstein's allegations. 
"To the contrary, his lawsuit was merely a desperate measure by a serial pedophile to prevent being held 
accountable for repeatedly sexually abusing minor females," wrote Scarola in court filings. 
954-356-4491 or Twitter @jklmrstein 
Copyright © 2012, South Florida Sun-Sentinel 
6/27/2012 
EFTA00589774

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589775.pdf
----------------------------------------
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
FOI/PA 
DELETED PAGE INFORMATION SHEET 
FOI/PA# 1203982-1 
Total Deleted Page(s) = 513 
Page 4 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 6 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 8 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 9 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 10 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 11 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 12 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 13 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 14 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 15 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 16 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 17 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 18 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 19 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 20 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 21 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 22 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 23 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 24 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 25 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 26 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 27 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 28 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 29 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 30 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 31 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 32 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 33 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 34 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 35 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 36 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 37 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 38 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 39 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 40 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 41 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 42 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 43 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 44 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 45 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 46 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 47 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 48 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 49 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 50 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 51 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 52 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 53 ^ b6; b7C; b7O; 
EFTA00589775

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589776.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589776.pdf
----------------------------------------
W. CHESTER BREWER, JR., P.A. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
SU/TB 1400 
250 AUSTRALIAN AVEINUE1 SOUTH 
WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA 33401-50116 
11TLEPHOS 
FAX 
October 19, 2017 
Via Federal Express 
Scott J. Link, Esq. 
Ackerman Link & Sartory 
777 S Flagler Dr Ste 800 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-6161 
Re: 
Jeffrey Epstein vs. Scott Rothstein, individually, Bradley Edwards, individually 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMIt 
Dear Scott, 
It was a pleasure seeing you this morning. 
I have enclosed for your reading pleasure the four (4) outstanding motions and responses 
that were discussed this morning with Judge Hafele. Please pay particular attention to Edwards 
Motion in Limine as it describes in detail Scarola's strategy in using the CVRA case to preclude 
Mr. Epstein's ability to testify and at the same time obtain the ability to utilize adverse inferences 
before the jury. 
I have also enclosed the transcript of the deposition recently taken of 
(now Moody). Scarola does not represent Ms. Wild and he clearly states so on 
. 
spite of this, he instructed her not to answer questions posed by Jack Goldberger which related to 
the CVRA case. Nobody but Scarola would have dared to do this. Some sort of Motion to 
Compel and for Sanctions should be on the front burner. 
I look forward to working with you and will do whatever is necessary to help you litigate 
this matter. 
Very truly yours. 
W. Chester Brewer, J.R., P.A. 
WCB/msk 
Enclosures 
cc: 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
Darren Indyke, Esq. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00589776

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589777.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589777.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUBLIME ART LLC 
December 1. 2014 
Invoice 140008 
Billing: 
Shipping: 
Leon D. Black 
TBD 
pd 3840 12/2/2014 
Ryan & Trevor Oakes 
Two (2) Patented Concave Easel Stands 
US Patent Na 7513,773 
Archival 100% polyester powder-coated steel 
frame, stainless steel braided cable, Gilzo carbon 
fiber tripod, Arta-Swiss tripod head, two color 
fade-able LED lamp, various hardware. 
Two (2) Fire / Water / Dust Protective Covers 
Fire-proof fabric outer shell, water-proof fabric 
inner lining, fire-proof zippers, fire-proof Kevlar 
thread, steel plates, leather, magnets. spring steeL 
adhesive 
Made to display and protect the Bean and Getty concave 
drawings. Designed by, fabricated by. and acquired directly 
from the artists / inventors. 
Subtotal: 
$ 80,000.00 
NYC sales tax (8.875%): 
7,100.00 
Total: 
$ 87, I 00.00 
Terms: Due upon receipt wire details on following page_ Title will transfer when payment is received in full. 
EFTA00589777

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589778.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 of 4 
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Fn. 27 October 2017 06:20:51 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator KIOHZP 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Ticket 86 2797018667759-250C1 
Ticket 86 2797019142389-270CT 
Friday 03 Nov 17 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Jetblue Airways 
B6 153 
New York. 
West Palm Beach. 
01:59 PM 
05:02 PM 
Terminal 5 
V Economy Class 
20F 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
John F Kennedy International 
Palm Beach International 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Number of Stops 
Baggage 
Tuesday 07 Nov 17 
Hrs 3 Mins 
Airbus Industrie A320-100/200 
Non-stop 
L 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Jetblue Airways 
Be 754 
West Palm Beach. 
New York. 
04:09 PM 
07:00 PM 
Terminal 5 
Z Economy Class 
17A 
Additional Messages 
Palm Beach International 
John F Kennedy International 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Number of Stops 
Baggage 
Hrs 51 Mins 
Airbus Industrie A320-100/200 
Non-stop 
L 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
Page 1 of 4 
Itherary KIOHZP 
Z
A:.'E
EXP
EFTA00589778
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 4 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival, when available* 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a $100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at wiew a Me ricanem • 
To book your stay. visit amerIcanexpress.corrifffir or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cat Centurion Travel Service for details 
•• Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
For more information on benefits and eligibility, please visit: 
• CENTURION FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: ronturim non' 
• FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: ammdravet comlbr 
• The Hotel Collection: amencarxprp‘s cornItisirrerlit-raroct&e-,r.fits.,eeta .:ne-nolizi-rolertionforemier-golcl 
• International Airline Program: iap.amencanexpress.com
• Cruise Privileges Program: .3mencanexpress.comIcnrseprmleaes 
• Platinum Destinations Vacations: 
• Pay with Pewits: a 
vies conVna..tviinprentc 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and condibons set forth on any 
brochures a advertisements describing any lodgng tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services includng. without limitation, all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of American Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries or affiliates (colectively. 'Amex') has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
imposed charges. ncluding. but not tinned to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-ouL You may wish to inquire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at WWI allianz cr^i Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans, please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
International Travel Documentation and (Warman  m 
Travelers dewing transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining al necessary travel documents and complying with all government travel 
requirements. You must present all exit. entry and other documents reqiired by law. Amex shall not be responsible to you for any loss a expense due to your failure to 
comply with such requirements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carriage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws, regulations. orders. 
demands. or requiements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibility to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your journey. Many 
countries require that your passport be valid for up to six (6) months from your date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign cowry. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at 
- 
.!..  
:r.!..r • 
- 
• t-,r html. Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on the foregoing 
website. 
Page 2 of 4 
Wormy KIOHZP 
EFTA00589779
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of4 
Cuba Travel 
By traveling on your itnerary. all travelers are attesting that they are a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident and their travel to Cuba is authorized under the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations, and falls within one of the approved categories. For more information on each of the categories, please see Part 515.560 of the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations at http://wxnv.ecfr.gov. Additional infomiation can be found at httpe:/hsww.treasury.croviresource-centerfsanctionseroctrams/Pactesicuba.aspx. Travel for 
traditional tourist activities is prohibited, and travelers are expected to maintain a ha schedule of activities related to their category of travel. If providing any nsurance 
benefits under the American Express policy would violate U.S. economic or trade sanctions, then the policy will be void. 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review 1,711% 
. nval.conVarrex for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel 
destnation. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee tne accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Air Transportation 
Airlines reserve the right to change your seats at any tir 
notices apply to air transportation. Please visit hnoa 
due to operational needs'aircraft reconfiguration. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important 
: 
for more nfamation. 
Airline Notice on Hazardous Materials 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons, corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants, lighter fluid. fireworks, tear gases, oxygen bottles, and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried n your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further 
information contact your airline representative or visit hupsiiveitfaa.gopaDD t ir 
The Centurions I mine 
Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members have unlimited complimentary access to all locations of The Centurion Lounge. Gold Card and Green Card Additional 
Cards on your Platinum and Business Platnum Card account are not eligible for complimentary access. Card Members may bring up to two (2) companions into The 
Centurion Lounge. To access The Centurion Lounge, the Card Member must present The Centunon Lounge agent with the following upon each visit his or her valid Card, a 
boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for same-day travel on any carrier and a government-issued I.D. Failure to present this documentation may result n access 
being denied. Card Members wit not be compensated for changes in locations, rates or policies. A Card Member must be at least 18 years of age to enter without a parent 
or legal guardian. For locations with a self-service bar, the Card Member must be of legal drinking age n the location's jurisdiction to enter without a parent a legal 
guardian. Must be of legal drinking age to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. American Express reserves the right to remove any person from the 
Lounge for inappropriate behavior or failure to adhere to rules, includng. but not limited to. conduct that is disruptive, abusive a violent. Access is subject to space 
availability. Hours may vary by location and are subject to change. Amenities vary among The Centurion Lounge locations and are subject to change. Services and 
amenities in the Lounge are complimentary, however you are responsible fa any purchases and/or servicing charges you authonze our Member Services Professionals to 
perform on your behalf. Some American Express Cards are not eligible for al services provided by Member Services Desk. American Express wit not be liable for any 
articles lost or stolen or damages suffered by the purchaser or visitor inside The Centurion Lounge. Use of The Centurion Lounge is subject to all rules and conditions set by 
American Express. American Express reserves the right to revise the rules at any time without notice. 
O2017 American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. All rights reserved 
Liability Statement 
You understand and agree that American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affikates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex,. 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shall not be liable for any loss, injury, expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or indirectly, from 
(1) the acts of omissions of travel suppbers, induding but not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or failures of 
equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God, fres, earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil unrest. 
strikes, riots. theft, disease, accidents a failures related to the public intemet, telecommunications lines or facilities, a third party technology systems. IX any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppbers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itneraries. In this role. we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from tine to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them access to ow marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and 
these arrangements. including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommendig rtineraries, we 
may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
State-Specific Disclosures: 
CALIFORNIA: Upon cancellation of the transportation a travel services, where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled n violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier, 
without obtaining a refund and such other prouder fails to provide the agreed-upon transportation a service. In this situation, the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establishing the disbursement of the customer payment, and if disbursed to a registered wholesaler of 
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the serer of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in Cakfania at the time of payment. Eligble passengers may file a claim with the 
Page 3 of 4 
Itnerary KIOHZP 
a
AM E Ft/CAN 
ECPRE SS 
EFTA00589780
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of 4 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when requied. The maximise amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed $15.000. A claim must be submitted to the TCRF will*, 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A darn 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the date and a 635 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating seler of travel for matters ariskig out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRF's website at ytww tt-rren nrg 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within daily (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser uness the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product andior date. 
HAWAII' Please visit ' 
•,=ugovinvItfilact/013:06/consunur 
. is 'vii for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which matmair.s our travel agency trust account is Bank of Hawaii. Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue. Honolulu. HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account 
California CSTe1022318. Washington Wiilkl6C0-469-694. Iowa TAg669. 
Page 4 of 4 
Itnerary KIOHZP 
AMERICAN 
BCPRE SS 
EFTA00589781

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589782.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00589782
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00589783
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00589784
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00589785
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00589786
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00589787
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00589788
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00589789
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00589790
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00589791
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00589792
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00589793
--- PAGE 13 ---
EFTA00589794
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00589795
--- PAGE 15 ---
EFTA00589796

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589797.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589797.pdf
----------------------------------------
IPI 
INTERNATIONAL 
PEACE 
INSTITUTE 
May 15, 2015 
US DHS CIS 
Vermont Service Center 
Houghton Street 
St. Albans, VT 05478 
Re: Ms. 
Dear Sir or Madam: 
O-1 Visa Application 
I am writing this letter on behalf of Ms. 
a 
communications 
and 
public 
relations 
professional 
of 
extraordinary ability. 
Since 2005 I have been President of the International Peace 
Institute (IPI), an independent, international not-for-profit 
think tank dedicated to managing risk and building resilience to 
promote peace, security, and sustainable development. To achieve 
its purpose, IPI employs a mix of policy research, strategic 
analysis, publishing, and convening. 
I had the distinct pleasure of working with Ms. 
benefitting from her extraordinary abilities. All my staff who 
have worked closely with 
appreciate her skills, command 
of languages and her always warm and amicable personality. 
I observed Ms. 
communication and language skills 
during a visit to Central Asia in 2014, where she interacted with 
foreign officials and professionals. Ms. 
will also be 
providing support to an upcoming international conference on 
Global Health and Pandemics. 
Sincerely yours, 
roA 
Terje Rod-Larsen 
President 
777 United Nations Plaza, New York, NY 10017 USA 
TEL 
FAX 
www.lpinst.org 
EFTA00589797

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589798.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589798.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mr. Jeffrey EPSTEIN 
East 71 Street 
NEW YORK 
NY 10001 
RE : 9 East 71 Street 
STATEMENT DATED OF 03/07/2017 
TRAVELLING EXPENSES AND SHIPPING 
SUPPLIERS 
DESCRIPTION 
TTC (EUROS) 
AIR France 
Mr Huguen 's travel 
30/03/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
022,91 € 
AIR France 
Mr Dufour's travel 
30/03/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
022,91 € 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
30/03/2016 to 01/04/2016 
1400,13 € 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Dufour 's hotel 
30/03/2016 to 01/04/2016 
1090,01 € 
LA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen and Mr Vilette's travels 
18/09/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
793,40 € 
LE PARKER MERIDIEN 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
18/09/2016 to 20/09/2016 
1960,86 € 
LE PARKER MERIDIEN 
Mr Vilette 's hotel 
18/09/2016 to 20/09/2016 
1956,65 € 
LA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen and Mr Vilette's travels (Extra cost) 
30/11/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
800,00 € 
LA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen and Mr Vilette's travels 
14/12/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
397,60 € 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
14/12/2016 to 16/12/2016 
069,77 € 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Vilette's hotel 
14/12/2016 to 16/12/2016 
785,01 € 
SIMON JONES 
Shipping for the collection, export packing and road transportation of Christies - Lot 496 
695,88 € 
PHELIPPEAU 
Phelippeau's staff travels 
March to April 2017 
460,00 € 
LA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen 's travel 
10/04/2017 to 13/04/2017 
299,19 € 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
10/04/2017 to 13/04/2017 
072,15 € 
IFL 
Pickup in Paris, handling and crating in the warehouse custom export formalities and delivery to Roissy 
924,65 € 
IFL 
Pickup in Paris, handling and crating in the warehouse custom export formalities and delivery to Roissy 
465,00 € 
TOTAL (EUROS) 
216,12 € 
EFTA00589798

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589799.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589799.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mr. Jeffrey EPSTEIN 
East 71 Street 
NEW YORK 
NY 10001 
RE • 4 East 71 Street 
STATEMENT DATED OF 03/07/2017 
DECORATION 
EUROS 
TOTAL 
ORDER 
SUPPLIERS 
ROOMS 
DESIGNATIONS 
I arl. VAT 
V.A.T 
Incl. V.A. 
PIERRE BERGER • SALLE DES VENTES 
DINING ROOM 
mahogany armchair% "Scythes" 
409.00 
409.00 
N/Q 
CODIMAT 
DINING ROOM 
Fitted carpet 
356.00 
356.00 
CAB / NORMS 
DINING ROOM 
meters of canvas 
5113.52 
58152 
CAB/PIERRE FREY 
DINING ROOM 
Fabric for "2 Benteres" 
998.82 
998.82 
CAB/PIERRE FREY 
DINING ROOM 
Curtains & bench 
011.76 
• 
5011.76 
MERIGUET 
DINING ROOM 
Painting fabric 
59116000 
• 
860,00 
MERIGUET 
DINING ROOM 
Painting ceiling • Cornice 
250.00 
• 
250,00 
TOROSIAN CLEANING & RESTO 
DINING ROOM 
Carpet installatioo 
31307 
• 
313.87 
CLAUDE AGU17 ES 
LIVING ROOM 
Sculpture 
187.50 
• 
1107.50 
II 
CHRISTIES 
DINING ROOM 
Candelabra 
637.17 
637,17 
ALB ANTIQUITES 
DINING ROOM 
Side table 
000.00 
000,00 
ATELIER EBENISTERIE 75 
DINING ROOM 
Itertires" restoratioo noxl 
800.00 
800,00 
CABIPRELLE 
DINING ROOM 
Fabric for table cloth 
4014.12 
4014,12 
IS 
PHEUPPEAU 
DINING ROOM 
Wall fabric installation 
IS 110.00 
IS 110,00 
SINALIM CASTOR • LAUREN T HARA 
LIBRARY 
Bench 
670/10 
670,00 
Standard lamps 
JACQUES HERV0UET 
DINING ROOM 
Mirrors 
000.00 
000,00 
IS 
CABIKVADRAT 
LIBRARY 
Fabric for wall covering 
1010.97 
880.97 
N/Q 
TESSIER 
LIVING ROOM 
Stool 
828.00 
828.00 
PHEUPPEAU 
LIBRARY 
Bench upholstery 
490.00 
490.00 
ATELIER EBF..NISTERI£ 75 
LIBRARY 
Bench wood restoration 
640.00 
640,00 
CABIBONVALLET 
MASSAGE ROOM 
Wall fabrin and curtain. 
I 0 279.77 
279.77 
SOTIIERBI"S PARIS 
LIVING ROOM 
I G•0eridon 
500.00 
500,00 
L'ATEIJER LAURENT LUMIERES 
LIBRARY 
Lamp floor electrification BC 166 
310.110 
310,00 
DINING ROOM 
Restoration "Egyptian candeludre." Bell 
DINING 
Cohn= Lighting 
CAII/DEDAR 
LIVING ROOM 
Fabric for sofa 
100.110 
100,00 
PASSEMENTERIE %WARIER 
Trimmings 
408/10 
408,00 
MERIGUETCARRERE 
LIBRARY 
Wall painting 
145 660.00 
145 660,00 
CABIDEDAR 
LIBRARY 
Fabric 2 sofa. 
909.41 
909.41 
ARTCURIAL 
LIVING ROOM 
500.00 
500,00 
PHEUPPEAU 
DINING ROOM 
torteres" restoration upholstery 
690.00 
690,00 
ATELIER MARCO 
DINING ROOM 
Wood columns 
715.00 
9715,00 
PHEUPPEAU 
DINING ROOM 
Curtains upholstery 
300.00 
300,00 
PHEUPPEAU 
DINING ROOM 
Bench upholsters 
790.00 
790,00 
N/Q 
JACQUES CLEMENT 
DINING ROOM 
(baiting fabric tablecloth 
325.00 
325,00 
PHEUPPEAU 
LIVING ROOM 
Upholstery Sofa 
670.00 
670,00 
N/Q 
CAB/1.122O 
LIBRARY 
Fabric for chine armchair% 
34i8J5 
348.35 
DEGROOTE& MUSSY 
LIBRARY 
Wood stool manufacturing 
100.00 
100,00 
CAB 
LIBRARY 
Armchairs 
000.00 
000,00 
PARIS PA£SEMENTERIE 
DINING ROOM 
Trimmings for bench 
720.00 
1720,00 
EVE ECRL 
LIVING ROOM 
Chinese coffee table 
072.00 
072-00 
M 
PIIMPPEAU 
DINING ROOM 
Cpbastery tablecloth 
990.00 
990.00 
ATEIMR BATAILIARD 
DINING ROOM 
Lamps floor 
960.00 
960.00 
PIIEIJPPEAU 
LIBRARY 
tninstallatioo stall coshing 
295.00 
295,00 
PHEIJPPEAU 
LIBRARY 
rmeltair uphoster. 
250.00 
250.00 
PlIEIJPPEAU 
LIBRARY 
FainKAMM of 2 sofas 
660.00 
660.00 
CABIEIJTIS 
LIBRARY 
atnk for tool 
324,71 
324.71 
CAB/SUPEREGO 
DINING ROOM 
I Constar 
351.94 
352,94 
SI 
L'ATEIJER LAURENT LUMIERES 
DINING ROOM 
Restoration canclelabee 
000.00 
000.00 
MERIGUETCARRERE 
LIVING ROOM 
Restoration lamp floor 
410.00 
1410.00 
PHELIPPEAU 
LIBRARY 
Fabric for tool 
775,00 
775,00 
BRUNO .IIOINARD EDITIONS 
LIVING ROOM 
Armchair 
304,00 
It 304,00 
SS 
[INGE AU CIEUR 
DINING ROOM 
Embrodery for curtain. 
235,00 
It 235,00 
DINING ROOM 
Embrodery for tablecloth 
NA) 
ATELIER RAYSSAC 
LIVING ROOM 
&mohair. "majorette" 
650.00 
650,00 
S7 
LINGE AU LYEUR 
DINING ROOM 
Embrodery for bench 
500,00 
500,00 
SS 
PARIS PASSEMENTERIE 
MASSAGE ROOM 
Trimmings for curtains 
860,00 
860.00 
ATELIER MIDAVAINE 
LIVING ROOM 
Restoration Ilasaitallako 
000,00 
000,00 
CABIPRELLE 
LIBRARY 
Fabric for lunch 
161.25 
161.25 
TOTAL 
EUROS 663 246.16 
663 246.16 
EFTA00589799

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589800.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589800.pdf
----------------------------------------
ATTACHMENT TO SEXUAL OFFENDER REGISTRATION FORM 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Automobiles, Boats, Aircraft, Telephone Numbers, Email Addresses, and Internet Related Infonnatlon 
AUTOMOBILES 
License 
State 
Plate 
Registered Color 
Property 
2010 Chevrolet Suburban 
1GNUCKE05AR225550 
TED 218 
 USVI 
Black LSJ 
- 2 2002 Mercedes Benz 5500 
WDBNG75J02A217037 
NHL 552 
 New Mexico Black Now Mexico
2010 Chevrolet Suburban 
 1GNUME3OAR251129 
BDL H78 
Florida 
Black Florida
_ 4 2007 Hummer H2 
5GRGN23U57H100289 
CPK 643 
 I New Mexico Black Florida  
_ 5 2006 Bentley Arnage  RL 
SCBLE37G26CX19439 
V75 2DS 
 I Florida 
Black Florida 
2012 Cadillac Escalade 
1GYS4JEF4CR216976 
NHL 381 
 I New Mexico Black Now Mexico 
2008 Range Rover 
SALSH23448A128123 
MLD 718 
 I New Mexico Black Now Mexico 
2013 Dodge Caravan 
2C4ROGBG7DR597495 
 TEM 492 
 I USVI 
Black LSJ 
2013 Ford Expedition EL 
1FMJK2A55DEF21918 
522 RZZ 
 I New Mexico Black New Mexico 
2015 Chevrolet Suburban 
1GNSKKKC5FR146558 
NAL 159 
 I New Mexico Black New Mexico 
2015 GMC Yukon Denali 
1GKS2JKJOFR553299 
TET 575 
 I USVI 
Black LSJ  
2016 Mercedes-Ma/oat S600X 
WDDUX7GBOGA174352 
GWG 4871  I New York 
Black Now York 
2015 GMC Yukon Denali 
1GKS2JKJ9FR646337 
GWG 6363 
I New York 
Black New York 
BOATS 
Boat 
Registration 
Names 
Number
1999 35 Ribtec with Yamaha Engine 
Nana 
2709-TC 
2011 Yamaha VX1800A-KB  
nla 
4106-TC  
_ 3 2011 Yamaha VX1800A-KB 
nla 
4105-TC 
2006 31' Cape Horn 
PRD 
0730-TC 
12008 36' Procat 
Little C 
2907-TC 
IMIAva -1968 73' LMC-8  (barge) 
erg a 
2583-TC 
2012 Bornbadler Sea Doo 
nfa 
4641-TC 
AIRCRAFT 
1968 Boeing 727 
2001 Bell 430 
1988 Gulfstream 
Hull ID 
Number 
99507 
US-YPJAA2823D111 
US-YAMA3205C111 
FAB31056K508 
WJIF1018B808 
4CM6763 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
YDV19328E212 
Registration 
Tail Number 
Airports - for all locations 
N908JE 
The Cyril E. King airport in St. Thomas 
N331JE 
N212JE 
West Palm Beach International Airport and Boca Raton Airport 
Santa Fe Municipal Airport &Albquerque International, New Mexico 
John F Kennedy International Airport, Newark International Airport & 
Teterboro. NJ plus East 34th Street Heliport - 34th Street & FDR Drive, 
Wall Street Heliport - Pier 6 & FOR Drive & VIP Heliport - West 30th 
Street & 12th Ave 
Long Island MacArthur Airport and Stewart International Airport 
LANDLIN ES 
JEE lines 
JEE lines 
- 4 
JEE lines 
JEE lines 
staff lines
staff lines
 = 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines
staff lines
1123 = 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines
staff lines
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines
staff lines
= 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines
staff lines
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
EFTA00589800
--- PAGE 2 ---
'staff 
lines 
LSJ 
---
LSJ 
staff lines 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
---
LSJ 
staff lines 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
---
LSJ 
staff lines 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
___ 
LSJ 
staff lines 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
I
staff lines 
LSJ 
___ 
Florida 
JEE line 
I Staff line 
Florida 
-fax 
Staff line 
Florida 
Staff line 
Florida 
-fax__
-fax 
 Staff line 
Florida___ 
Florida 
 Staff line 
Staff line 
Florida 
. 
. 
. 
. 
..
. 
- fax 
Staff line 
Florida 
 JEE line 
New Mexico 
JEE line 
New Mexico 
New Mexico 
 Staff line 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
New Mexico 
 Staff line 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
 Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
New Mexico 
 Staff line 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
JEE line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
. 
fax 
ra 
Staff line 
New York 
New York 
New York 
New York — 
New York — 
New York
New York 
New York 
 Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Staff line 
New York 
tax 
fax 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York
New York 
Staff line 
Staff line 
New York 
CELLPHONE 
i
-
INTERNET RELATED INFORMATION - SEE NOTE BELOW 
EMAIL ADDRESSES 
EFTA00589801
--- PAGE 3 ---
_ 
WEBSITES 
www.jo r
• ff eyepstein.org
www.jeffreyepsteinblog.com 
www.jeffreyopsteinusyi.com 
yvww.jeffreyopstein.net 
TWITTER 
Jeffrey_epstein 
Jeffreyepsteinl 
INSTAGRAM 
JeeproJect 
OTHER INTERNET ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
ICrunchbase 
Company 
Type 
Screenname 
User Name 
411 
business directory 
business directory 
profile 
business directory 
anicle directory 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
8coupons 
aboutus.oin 
'public 
AirYell 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI FijundatTon 
JeffreyEpstein 
AliTop 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
BestOfTheWeb 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Blogspot (vA•mtjeffreyepsteinblog.com) blog host 
online management 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation 
Brand Yourself 
ChamberofCommerce coin 
Jeffrey Epstein 
____ 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
JeffreyEpsteinl .
Citysearch 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
CitySquares 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
CligSearch 
business directory 
business directory 
science/technology 
business directory 
public profile 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Cricket 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
_ 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Delicious 
jeffreyepsteint 
DexKnows 
business directory 
public profile 
social ntwk directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
social ntwk directory 
social ntwk directory 
online magazine 
public profile 
business directory 
website 
website 
website 
public profile 
Jeffrey Epstein V1 Foundation 
Digg 
Disquls 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
DNB 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
oLocal 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Factual 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Flicks 
Flicks 
Jeffrey Epstein 
. _ 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
jeffre _epstein 
jeffreyespteinfoundation 
jeffreyepsteinfoundation 
jeffroyepsteinfoundation 
Chnsbna Galbraith 
jeeproject 
jeffreyopstein 
Forbes.com 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Gather 
Jeffrey Epstein 
GetFave 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
www.jeffreyepstein.org 
www.jeffreyepsteinus14.com
www.jeffreyepstein.net 
Go Daddy 
Google + 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Google Maps 
Grant Watch 
Grant Watch 
HopStop 
Hotfrog 
idealisl.org 
+n
Indeed 
Insidorpages 
Instagram 
Instagram 
business directory 
grant directory 
foundation directory 
business directory 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation _ 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
J effrey Epstein VI Foundation 
-p job srch engine 
employment directoryJeffrey 
business directory 
social ntwk directory 
social ntwk directory :jeeproJect 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
J 
Epstein VI Foundation _. 
Jeffrey Epstein VIFoundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Klout 
social ntwk directory 
public profile 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
Jeffrey_Epstein 
_ 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Linkedin 
Live 
LocalDatabase 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffre 
ein 
manta 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
MapQuest 
business directory 
business directory 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
MerchantCircle 
Myspace 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Patch 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Penny Saver 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Philanthropy.Com 
foundation directory Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
EFTA00589802
--- PAGE 4 ---
PhoneNumber 
Photobucket 
Pinterest 
Pocketly 
PR.00m 
ShowMeLocal 
SlideShare 
Sodahead 
Stumbleupon 
Supermedia.com 
Superpag_es 
super
ges.com 
Switchboard 
Technorati 
Twitter
USCIty.net 
_ 
vimeo 
White & Yellow Pages 
Wikipedia  
— Wikipedia 
_ 
. 
YaSabe 
Yellowbook 
YellowBot 
YellowPaneCity 
Yellowpages 
business directory 
public profile 
public profile 
business directory 
press releases
business directory 
social ntwk directory 
public profile 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
social ntwk directory 
business directory 
public profile 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
public encyclodpedia 
public encyclodpedia 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
JeffreyEpstein2 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey_E_pstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
jeffrey-epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey  Epstein VI Foundation 
jeffreyepsteinl2 
Jeffrey_Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
JeffreyEpstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Turville 
Turville 
ADDITIONAL WEBSITES AND BLOC SITES MAINTAINED BY THIRD PARTIES WITH CONTENT RELATING TO 
PHILANTHROPIC, SCIENCE OR BUSINESS RELATED ACTIVITIES OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
v.wdeffreyepsteln93.word rase con 
..vww.jeffreyepsteins.bloesPoLcbm 
NOTE: Mr. Epstein has retained third parties to provide reputation management services. These third parties 
independently create Internet accounts, websites, Meg sites, associated email addresses and other webdased 
accounts and content concerning Pk. Epstein, but which are neither created nor used by Mr. Epstein. 
Out of an abundance of caution, however. Mr. Epstein has been disclosing and will continue to disclose such Internet 
related information. and any changes and additions thereto, as and when such Information is disclosed to him by such 
_ 
third pany reputation management service providers. Certain accounts Bated above that were established 
. 
by such third party reputation management service providers provide links to websites. email addresses and other 
accounts (al of which are listed above) associated with Mr. Epstein ander his business, science or philanthropic related activities. 
EFTA00589803

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589804.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589804.pdf
----------------------------------------
FOR INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS ONLY. 
NOT FOR FURTHER DISTRIBUTION. 
DB Brent Short Volatility II Index 
October 2014 1 
A Passion to Perform. 
Deutsche Bank 
EFTA00589804
--- PAGE 2 ---
DB Brent Short Volatility II 
Index Summary 
■ Rationale: Historically, on average Brent implied volatility has been higher than subsequent realized volatility. In other 
words, historically implied volatility has priced at a premium. This may be because of corporate hedging flows. DB Brent 
Short Volatility Strategy offers investors a simple and convenient vehicle to monetize the implied volatility premium. 
■ Description: The DB Brent Short Volatility II strategy aims to capture the differential between implied and realized 
variance in the Brent crude oil market by systematically selling straddle and subsequently delta hedging these straddles 
The index is constructed as an equally weighted average of 3 sub-indices, each rolling on different dates in order 
to minimize path dependency and keep an (almost) constant volatility duration exposure at all times 
▪ On the relevant quarterly roll date (t_r), each sub-index sells equal number of call and put options 
▪ Every day the delta position implied by these options is hedged by buying the delta amount of underlying future 
at market close 
▪ Profit and loss from each sub index is the sum of; 
▪ Product of number of options sold on previous rebalance date and the change in option price from 
previous day, for each of the call and put 
▪ Product of number of options sold, the implied delta position on previous day and the change in 
underlying future price from previous day 
▪ Option prices are calculated using Black-Scholes model using an after cost implied volatility (etc) 
▪ Option strike is the closest integer strike to the at the money future price on a quarterly roll date 
• 
a tAC = at — max(4% a , 0.75%); where at is the volatility calculated using the exchange published option prices 
Deutsche Bank 
EFTA00589805
--- PAGE 3 ---
DB Brent Short Volatility II 
Index Summary 
■ Transparent: The strategy is fully transparent as it is based on listed option prices 
■ Market Neutral: The strategy is constructed using a basket of options and implies no directional exposure 
to Brent front month prices 
■ Rebalancing: The index is rebalanced every year to provide equal exposure to the 3 sub-indices once a 
year. The rebalance date is the Brent December contract option expiry date. 
■ Embedded Cost: Index cost is embedded in the after cost implied volatility (otc) calculation 
■ Transparency: Rules-based index with the closing level published on Bloomberg page DBCMBSV2 
<index> 
Deutsche Bank 
EFTA00589806
--- PAGE 4 ---
DB Brent Short Volatility II 
Index Construction 
Brent Contracts 
(January. April. July. 
October) 
Roll Dates 
■ 3 business days prior to option expiry of the current contract 
■ Dynamic delta hedging on the options 
Brent Contracts 
(February. May. August. 
November) 
Brent Contracts 
(March. June. September. 
December) 
Short position in 3-month straddles on the respective Roll Dates 
Hedge by buying delta amount of Brent futures 
Sub Index I 
Rebalancing 
■ Rebalanced to equal weights every year on the option 
expiry of December contract 
Sub Index II 
Sub Index III 
DB Brent Short Volatility II 
Deutsche Bank 
EFTA00589807
--- PAGE 5 ---
Deutsche Bank a 
DB Brent Short Volatility II 
Performance Analysis 
Index Returns 
400 
300 
200 
100 
Jan-08 
Jan-09 
Jan-10 
Jan-11 
Jan-12 
Jan-13 
Jan-14 
Brent Short Volatility II 
—• 
500 
—DB 
Performance Analysis' 
Jan 2008 - Oct 20142
DB Brent Short Volatility II 
• 
500 
Annualized Returns 
21.4% 
6.0% 
Volatility 
12.8% 
23.3% 
Sharpe Ratio 
1.67 
0.26 
Maximum Drawdown 
.27.2% 
-52.5% 
Stan Date 
Jan 08 
Dec•07 
End Date 
Dec•08 
Mar•09 
Max Monthly Consecutive 
Loss 
•19.6% 
-29.6% 
Stan Date 
Sep•08 
Sep•08 
End Date 
Dec•08 
Nov-08 
Max / Min Returns 
Rolling 12 Months 
83.7% / -25.9% 
72.3%!.47.5% 
Rolling 3 Months 
25.8%1.20.6% 
40.4%!.40.9% 
Average Monthly Retums 
1.7% 
0.7% 
%Months with Gains 
71.6% 
64.2% 
Correlation 
500 
0.28 
1.00 
Note: 
Source: Bloomberg. DB &ant Short Wittig II Index has been retrospectively calculated and did not exist prior lo 04 lAtadi 2014. Accordingly, the results shown during the retrospectiveperiods do not reflect actual returns. 
Past performance is net necessarily indicative el how the Index will perform in the future. The performance cf any investment product based on the DB &col Short Volatility II kdex have been lower than the Index as a 
result of lees and for costs 
Statistics shown are ter excess return incites except. 500 (SPTFkindex>). which is a total return index. Data is as of 14 Ocl 2014 
Year on Year Performance Comparison' 
Calendar Year 
Annual Returns for Excess Return Indices 
DB Brent Short 
Volatility II 
• 
500 
2008 
-25.95% 
-37.00% 
2009 
83A9% 
26.46% 
2010 
30.65% 
15.06% 
2011 
22.60% 
2.11% 
2012 
38.04% 
16.00% 
2013 
20.22% 
32.39% 
2014 YTD 
3.50% 
3.22% 
Annualized Return 
21.40% 
5.98% 
EFTA00589808
--- PAGE 6 ---
DB Brent Short Volatility II 
Monthly Returns 
2008 
2010 
2009 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
January 
1.76% 
11.44% 
3.76% 
-0.21% 
7.75% 
5.47% 
1.28% 
February 
-4.35% 
5.77% 
0.72% 
-0.86% 
0.80% 
1.80% 
2.90% 
March 
-3.37% 
0.55% 
3.43% 
2.78% 
3.62% 
3.74% 
0.53% 
April 
1.05% 
9.37% 
2.62% 
3.30% 
6.01% 
-3.33% 
0.05% 
May 
-1.62% 
9.03% 
-4.29% 
-4.90% 
-1.33% 
1.02% 
4.11% 
June 
-1.70% 
-0.05% 
2.95% 
-1.90% 
0.46% 
0.63% 
-0.57% 
July 
0.19% 
2.35% 
3.07% 
3.32% 
1.70% 
2.30% 
-0.37% 
August 
0.01% 
4.59% 
1.71% 
-0.56% 
2.09% 
-1.37% 
0.40% 
September 
-7.19% 
-1.49% 
7.28% 
0.74% 
2.42% 
4.55% 
-2.04% 
October 
-6.96% 
7.91% 
0.46% 
7.50% 
4.16% 
1.77% 
-2.65% 
November 
-0.57% 
3.48% 
1.31% 
3.47% 
2.62% 
-0.43% 
December 
-6.34% 
10.12% 
4.44% 
8.68% 
2.69% 
2.73% 
Calendar Year 
-25.95% 
83.19% 
30.65% 
22.60% 
38.04% 
20.22% 
3.50% 
Deutsche Bank O 
Note: 
Source: Bloomberg. 00 Brent Short Vastiity II Index has been retrospectively calculated and did not exist prior lo 00 March 2014. Accordingly, the results shown during the retrospective periods de not reflect actual returns. 
Past performance is not recessargy indicative ol how the Index will perform in the future. The performance of any investment product based on the DB Brent Short vdatimy II keex have been lower than the Index as a 
result of lees and for coals 
Statistics shown are ter excess return index. Data is as of 14 Oct 2010 
EFTA00589809
--- PAGE 7 ---
Risk Considerations 
■ The information contained in this presentation does not provide personal investment advice. You should consult with 
independent accounting, tax, legal and regulatory counsel regarding such matters as they may apply to your particular 
circumstances 
Strategy Risk 
■ Commodities are speculative and highly volatile and the risk of loss from investing in financial instruments linked to commodities 
or commodity indices can be substantial 
■ The DB Brent Short Volatility Index shorts Brent volatility. Realized volatility might be much higher than Implied Strikes, leading 
to a big drawdown in the index. In theory, losses in the index are uncapped. Furthermore, realized volatility might be high and 
the index might decline at the same time as mainstream investments like DJUBS and SPX are declining. 
Past Performance 
■ An index's performance is unpredictable, and past performance is not indicative of future performance. We give no 
representation or warranty as to the future performance of any index or investment 
■ Some of the indices described herein have very limited performance history 
Backtesting 
■ Backtested, hypothetical or simulated performance results discussed herein have inherent limitations. Unlike actual historical 
performances, simulated results are achieved by means of the retroactive application of a backtested model itself designed with 
the benefit of hindsight. Taking into account historical events, the backtesting of performance also differs from actual account 
performance because an actual investment strategy may be adjusted any time, for any reason, including a response to material, 
economic or market factors. The backtested performance includes hypothetical results that do not reflect the deduction of 
advisory fees, brokerage or other commissions, and any other expenses that a client would have paid or actually paid. Past 
hypothetical backtest results are neither an indicator nor guarantee of future returns. Actual results will vary, perhaps materially, 
from the analysis contained herein 
Deutsche Bank 
EFTA00589810
--- PAGE 8 ---
Disclaimer 
MARKETING MATERIAL 
THIS MATERIAL IS INTENDED FOR INSTITUTIONAL CUSTOMERS ONLY. This material was prepared by personnel in a Sales or Trading function of 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., or one or more other affiliates of Deutsche Bank AG (collectively Deutsche Bank), and is not the product of the Deutsche 
Bank Research Department. This material is not a research report and is not intended as such, it was not prepared or reviewed by the Deutsche Bank 
Research Department, and the views expressed herein may differ from those of the Research Department. This material is for our clients' informational 
purposes and is a general solicitation of derivates business for the purposes of, and to the extent it is subject to, §§ 1.71 and 23.605 of the U.S. 
Commodity Exchange Act. This material should not be construed as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction 
where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. We are not soliciting any specific action based on this material. It does not constitute a 
recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives. financial condition or needs of individual clients. This material, and the 
information contained therein, does not constitute the provision of investment advice. Deutsche Bank is not acting as your municipal advisor, swap 
advisor, financial advisor or in any other advisory, agency or fiduciary capacity with respect to any transaction with you (whether or not Deutsche Bank 
has provided or is currently providing other services to you on related or other matters) unless expressly agreed by Deutsche Bank in writing. Deutsche 
Bank may engage in transactions in a manner inconsistent with the views discussed herein. Deutsche Bank trades or may trade as principal in the 
instruments (or related derivatives), and may have proprietary positions in the instruments (or related derivatives) discussed herein, and these may be 
known to the author. Deutsche Bank may make a market in the instruments (or related derivatives) discussed herein. Assumptions, estimates and 
opinions expressed constitute the authors judgment as of the date of this material and are subject to change without notice. This material is based upon 
information that Deutsche Bank considers reliable as of the date hereof, but Deutsche Bank does not represent that it is accurate and complete. Sales 
and Trading functions are subject to additional potential conflicts of interest which the Research Department does not face, so this material should not 
necessarily be considered objective or unbiased. Sales and Trading personnel are compensated in part based on the volume of transactions effected by 
them. Certain transactions or securities mentioned herein, including derivative products, give rise to substantial risk, including currency and volatility 
risk, and are not suitable for all investors. Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank 
entity in the investor's home jurisdiction. In the U.S., materials discussing securities are approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Copyright 2014 Deutsche Bank AG. 
Copyright 
2014 Deutsche Bank AG 
Deutsche Bank 
EFTA00589811

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589812.pdf
----------------------------------------
PIASA 
BORDEREAU 
N° 
FD00014949 
Vente du 17 decembre 2014 
MONSIEUR Jeff EPSTEIN 
Vente N' 1451 
SAINT THOMAS 
DESIGN FRANCAIS 
ILES VIERGES BR ITAeN,U2d-E-S A nCat.C.A% Je 
118 r du Fbg St Honoré 
REF : OA 
Lot 
Désignation 
F-ais 
NA 
Adjugé 
110 
Pol Chambost (1906-1983) Lampe Céramique émaillée Signée 
607 20 
200,00
Date de création années 1950 H 30 cm (avec abat-jour) 
123 
Jacques Ruelland (1926-2008) et Dani Ruelland (1933-2010) 
828.00 
000.00
Lampe carrée Céramique émaillée Signée gravée Ruelland Date de 
création années 1960 H 34 cm 
125 
Jacques Ruelland (1926-2008) et Dani Ruelland (1933-2010) 
966.00 
3500.00 
Lampe carrée Céramique émaillée Signée gravée Ruelland Date de 
création années 1960 H 36 cm 
138 
Mado Jolain (1926-1970) Table basse Plaques de céramique et 
435.20 
200.00 
métal brossé Date de création années 1950 H 40 x 125 x 85.5 crn 
139 
Mado Jolain (1926-1970) Table basse Plaques de céramique et 
435.20 
200.00 
métal brossé Date de création années 1950 H 40 x 125 x 85.5 cm 
150 
Jean Lurçat (1892-1966) Vase monumental Céramique Signé « 
711.20 
200.00 
Dessin J Lurçat Sant Vincens BH 13/25 » Date de création vers 
1960 H 119 x 0 24 cm 
177 
Jacques Blin (1920.1955) Deux lampes femme Céramique émaillée 
690.00 
500.00 
noire Date de création années 1960 H 38 cm 
263 
Fernando (né en 1961) et Umberto (né en 1953) Campana Vitoria 
864.00 
000.00 
Regia Stool Série Sushis Pouf Métal et tissu Date de création 
1954 H 45 x 0 98 cm 
nouvelle estimation 14 000 / 18 000 euros 
Valeur en votre aimable regrement a recepeon 
Total : 
536.80 
Total du bordereau 
Total divers 
Montant dû 
800.00 
336.80E 
0.00E 
336,80€ 
Bank references — HSBC 
IBAN FR76 3005 6009 1709 1700 3866 868 BIC CCFRFRPP 
• Frais addetionnels 6600% ' Frais additiorneis 20.000% 
Il ne sera délivre aucun document faisant ressorte ta TVA 
Regime de la marge prévu a l'article 297 A du CGI.
Régime particulier-00MS d'artobjet de collection et d'antiquités 
RASA S A 
118 rue du Faarg Sent-Rate 75006 PARIS • 7440943ol •33 tOrl 53 34 10 10 - 7410409.0 433(00 53 34 10 11 . %net pax. Ir 
SA au Pelai 0. 6901 100 E RCS Pans 8 440 251 145 Serel 440 257 145 00027 • NAF nez • te TVA FR47 440 257 145 • Agemon12031 • 020 
EFTA00589812

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589813.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589813.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Private Wealth Management 
Authorization for Asset Movement 
For Non-Retirement Accounts 
The underaigned hereby author..., and directs Deutsche Bane Alex Brown rDeutsche Barra Alex Brown' or 'MAGI to follow the below asset movement ins truCtona. 
If you won to request multiple wires. choices. journal:tetra deliveries. pease use the tong Nun. 
MAD Account Name. Ruttedly Trust 
Account 1 
44130552 
Wire 
• 
Iiitee federal funds n the mount of S 
To Banc Name Bank of America 
Oly / Slate' 
ABA I 
026009593
10.000.00 
Further credit to Intormadlery Financial Institution (Optional) 
Account e 
Nene 
Ultimate Beriefidary Information 
BenierarY Nene 
Pawl 
Addrisywil 
Meek 
O 
Issue a check in the amount or S 
lieoPiont's Name 
 phablela 
Ret Satyrs Meiling nodes% 
Journal 
O linnet hunts In tn.. amount of S 
O 
Journal so/dings 
OtyrsymboUSecurity  
w'SymoodSecunn.  
O 
Journal All Holdings 
To DRAB ACCOote 
Account Plants  
ReeDelhades 
O pae eleilbar the securities indicated below to: 
DTCCit 
Name of fleterving rem 
Account NOM. 
AcCOtinl Mambo.. 
as Realising Finn 
owtsymeloriSeturity• 
OhrSyrnboUSecurity 
Sanding Authorial:ka 
O The ukdorsigoril hereby requests that the authorisation act as a ;tensors audwarion on. The undersigned understands and agrees that this authorization wit 
remain n efle0i until Deutsche Bank Ala Thrown repasts a now dui:1,044(race, The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank Net Brown to issue tie wire. 
Cheek or Journal on the 
day of 
 lot a berm of 
O 
The undersigned fouler authorizes Deutsche Bank Max. Brown to accept korbat insuuctions from the undersigned to wire funds. issue checks or journal 
funds rogrom the ohms tilted aDabattlia, Tho underSIOnCO AO provide verbal instructions ee to the date and the amount of the woo check or journal If the 
undersigned decides to vary either the date or the amount of the wile, :neck or journal the undersigned hereby authorizes Deutsche Bent Ma Brown to 
accept the verbs instructions from tho wichusigned regarerg the change or clangor The undersigned further understands and agrees to comply with the 
procedures of Deutsche Sara Not &own l0 venly the authorization and accuraci or verbal instructions. 
The undersigned hereby acknowledge. that (4 the Information contained in INS 0 nh is compete and accurate to the best knowledge of the undo:sane& and tbl the 
undersigned is teaCelnetttle for the method of ItOnartheatco el any inSduCtems issued pursuant to tits furtherer on. If the tAderugned elects 10 trauma any eacts 
instruclens vie fax inclueing desktop fast vb Mel or as in image ItteChntent to ens leg. as a PDF TIP or other :maggot such inetruclenst the underSigried 
understands and agrees that the undersigned bears the risk of toss arising from such melhOd of transmission in the event of trainSMiSSiOn errors. insunderstancings. 
Impersonations. trinsmrsoon by unauthorised persons. forgery or intercepts for noels or Other emits,. the undersigned (unbar ecknOwtedgel that the undersigned is 
authorized to ewe the above asset Inavernent ififfuCtiOne under the terms of the goierning documents and arty applicable laws. The undersigned hereby releases end 
hoods harmless Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown from and atiaitAt loss kin " 
RCP)" , Own of almond of any person as a Fmk of Deutsche Balk Na. Brown's (WV of 
or compeanc• with this authorization aid/or any instructens that may be g;vtiP to Deutsch: Bank Nu* Brown pursuant to this authorization (Includmg any standing 
authorization). 
The undersigned understands that Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown may. but is not required to. seek voilicakon of the uncloristenees instructions by call back and that 
DeutSche Banta/ex. Brown may in its sole discretion reuse to execute such Insnuctic's (including stand/go instructions) given Pursuant to thiS atnhOnrabOn. without 
Incurring any kuuity a Craulliche Mgt Ida Brown has reason to Neon, such restive:on% Mr elandoo instrucoons) have nor been provided by the undersigned. The 
undersioled I 
'r understands uhf Deutsche Bank Alex Brown !seams Me right to refuSe to execute any insisualons to transfer funds or Securities to any aocraunt(s) 
pursuant to 
wrfyeninstructions °caring onions l denature's/of the Wog:IC.1441W 
trgrrittriT 
Signature 
Harry Beller 
4-24-2015 
PriliftLnio 
-Date 
Print Name 
Date 
MINIM I CI 111111
I0 PWN.0177S 02/101 
EFTA00589813
--- PAGE 2 ---
From. ballaklein 6 
r 
..... com 
Subject 
Date April 20. 2015 al 12 08 PM 
To. Richard Kahn fir. 
A, gmait • 0• 
Louela direct deposit information: 
Bank of America, 
ABA 0630-0004-7 
Acc # 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
EFTA00589814
--- PAGE 3 ---
Bank of America NA Routing Number - Banks America 
hup://banks-america.com/routing-number/bank-of-america-na/ 
Routing number for Bank of America NA 
Home (http://banks-america.com) / All Banks (http://banks-america.com/routing-number/) 
/ Bank of America NA (http://banks-america.com/routing/bank-of-america-na/) / Routing Number 
Routing Number for Bank of America NA 
Bank of America NA Branches (http://banks-america.com/routing/bank-of-america-na/) 
Routing Number (http://banks-america.com/routing-number/bank-of-america-na/) 
Swift Code (http://banks-america.com/swift-code/bank-of-america-na/) 
BofA Routing Numbers: The ABA routing number is a 9-digit identification number assigned to 
financial institutions by The American Bankers Association (ABA). This number identifies the 
financial institution upon which a payment is drawn. Routing numbers are sometimes referred to as 
"check routing numberst'ABA numbers", or "routing transit numbers" (RTN). Routing numbers may 
differ depending on where your account was opened and the type of transaction made. 
BofA Routing numbers depend on the type of transaction: 
1. Paper Transactions: order checks 
2. Electronic transactions: set up direct deposits (e.g. to receive paychecks or IRS refunds); make 
outgoing payments to other financial institutions; 
3. Wire transfers: receive incoming domestic or international wire transfers 
State wise Routing Number for BoFa can be located from the table below -
State / Region 
Paper (ex. Ordering 
Electronic Transactions 
Wire 
Checks) 
Transfer 
Alabama 
051000017 
051000017 
026009593 
Alaska 
051000017 
051000017 
026009593 
Arizona 
122101706 
122101706 
026009593 
Arkansas 
082000073 
082000073 
026009593 
California - North 
121000358 
121000358 
026009593 
California - South 
122000661 
121000358 
026009593 
Colorado 
051000017 
051000017 
026009593 
Connecticut 
011900571 
011900571 
026009593 
Delaware 
031202084 
031202084 
026009593 
Florida, East 
063000047 
063100277 
026009593 
I of IA 
4/24/I5, 12:37 PM 
EFTA00589815

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589816.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589816.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF TIE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
VS. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
MOTION TO FILE AMENDMENT TO THIRD AMENDED COUNTERCLAIM 
Counter-plaintiff, BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, by and through his undersigned counsel, 
moves this Honorable Court to permit the filing of the accompanying Amendment to the Third 
Amended Counterclaim and in support thereof would show that on the eve of the summary 
judgment hearing scheduled to address Plaintiff, JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S, abuse of process claim 
against EDWARDS, EPSTEIN voluntarily dismissed that claim, bringing all claims against 
EDWARDS to a conclusion. 
The circumstances of that dismissal constitute a bona fide 
termination of the claim in EDWARDS' favor and provide the basis for the expansion of 
EDWARDS' currently pending malicious prosecution claims to encompass that recent 
development. 
WHEREFORE, EDWARDS seeks leave to file the proposed Amendment and Order 
directing EPSTEIN's expedited response. 
EFTA00589816
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Motion to File Amendment to Third Amended Counterclaim 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct cop of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this  Anday  o 
, 20 IV 
o.: 169440 
mail: jsx®searcylaw.com 
ary E-mail(s): mep@searcylaw.corn 
y Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, M. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: (561) 686-6300 
Fax: 
(561) 383-9451 
Attorney for BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
EFTA00589817
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Motion to File Amendment to Third Amended Counterclaim 
COUNSEL LIST 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
jgoldberger@agwpa.com; 
smahoney®agwpa.corn 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, ■. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561)-659-8300 
Fax: (561)-835-8691 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esquire 
brad®pathtojustice.com 
Fanner, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & 
Lehrman, FL 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)-524-2820 
Fax: (954)-524-2822 
Marc S. Nurik, Esquire 
marc®nuriklaw.com 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)-745-5849 
Fax: (954)-745-3556 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
tonja®tonjahaddadpa.com 
Law Offices of Tonja Haddad, ll. 
524 S Andrews Avenue, Suite 200N 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)467-1223 
Fax: (954)-337-3716 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Lilly Ann Sanchez, Esquire 
Isanchez®thelsfirm.com 
The L-S Law Firm 
1441 Brickell Avenue, 15th Floor 
Miami, FL 33131 
Phone: (305)-503-5503 
Fax: (305)-503-6801 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00589818
--- PAGE 4 ---
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXIMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
M., individually, 
Defendant, 
AMENDMENT TO THIRD AMENDED COUNTERCLAIM 
Counter-plaintiff, BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, hereby amends the Third Amended 
Counterclaim by striking Paragraph 32 and substituting the following: 
32. 
After unsuccessful efforts to defend and amend his maliciously filed and 
prosecuted claims over a period of almost two years, EPSTEIN, abandoned each of the claims 
described in Paragraph 27. The dismissal of the claims occurred in response to EDWARDS' 
challenges because there was not and never had been a factual basis to support any of the claims 
and because EPSTEIN never had probable cause or a reasonable basis to support the allegations 
he made against EDWARDS. He also knew from the outset of his claims against EDWARDS 
that the litigation privilege and the sword-shield doctrine each constituted a complete bar and 
insurmountable obstacle to the successful prosecution of any and all of his claims. 
His 
abandonment of all claims against EDWARDS brings to successful conclusion EDWARDS' 
defense against each of the other abandoned claims and constitutes a specific bona fide 
termination in EDWARDS' favor of the prior prosecution of each abandoned claim. 
EFTA00589819
--- PAGE 5 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA04O3003OOOCMBAG 
Amendment to Third Amended Counterclaim 
Page 2 of 3 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this 
day of 
, 2012. 
PROPOSED 
JACK SCAROLA 
Florida Bar No.: 169440 
Primary E-mail: jsx®searcylaw.com 
Secondary E-mail(s): mep@searcylaw.com 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, ■. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: (561) 686-6300 
Fax: 
(561) 383-9451 
Attorney for BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
EFTA00589820
--- PAGE 6 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800000CMBAG 
Athendment to Third Amended Counterclaim 
Page 3 of 3 
COUNSEL LIST 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
jgoldbergers@agwpa.com; 
smahoney@agwpa.com 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, ■. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561)-659-8300 
Fax: (561)-835-8691 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esquire 
brad®pathtojustice.com 
Fanner, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & 
Lehrman, FL 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)-524-2820 
Fax: (954)-524-2822 
Marc S. Nurik, Esquire 
marc@nurildaw.com 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)-745-5849 
Fax: (954)-745-3556 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
tonja@tonjahaddadpa.com 
Law Offices of Tonja Haddad, M. 
524 S Andrews Avenue, Suite 200N 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)-467-1223 
Fax: (954)-337-3716 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Lilly Ann Sanchez, Esquire 
lsanchez®thelsfirm.com 
The L-S Law Finn 
1441 Brickell Avenue, 15th Floor 
Miami, FL 33131 
Phone: (305)-503-5503 
Fax: (305)-503-6801 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00589821

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589822.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589822.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN 
THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN 
AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: CACE 15-000072 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and PAUL G. 
CASSELL, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant(s). 
ANSWERS TO DEFENDANT DERSHOWITZ'S FIRST SET OF DOCUMENT 
REQUESTS TO BRADLEY J. EDWARDS AND PAUL G. CASSELL 
Plaintiffs, Bradley J. Edwards and Paul G. Cassell, by and through their undersigned 
attorneys and pursuant to Rule 1.350, Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, hereby respond to 
Defendant, Alan M. Dershowitz's, First Set of Document Requests dated February 11, 2015 to 
Plaintiffs as follows: 
All production materials as to which there is no objection are available for inspection and 
copying at the offices of Plaintiffs' counsel as soon as the Defendant's past due production has 
been made available to Plaintiffs. 
1. All Documents Concerning the alleged "character assassination" referenced in 
paragraph 8 of the Complaint. 
See complaint from Jeffrey Epstein v. Bradley J. Edwards. See also pleadings and 
materials in the case file in this case. 
All production materials as to which there is no objection are available for inspection and 
copying at the offices of Plaintiffs' counsel as soon as the Defendant's past due production has 
been made available to Plaintiffs. 
2. All Documents Concerning Dershowitz's alleged "participation in Epstein's 
criminal conduct" referenced in paragraph 16 of the Complaint. 
Edwards and Cassell object to this request as being vague, overbroad, and unreasonably 
burdensome, as well as seeking irrelevant and inadmissible evidence and information not 
EFTA00589822

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589823.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589823.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
INVOICE 
Generated: Tue. 10 March 2015 09:38:15 
Page I of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
AgentDetails 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket Information for 
Charges 
Airline Name 
Jetblue Airways 
Ticket Date 
10/03/2015 
Total Charged to American Express 
354.49 
Ticket Number 
7579752122 
Invoice 
1545001 
Electronic 
Yes 
Ticket Base Fare 
316.64 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
37.85 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
3.54.49 
Ticket Information for 
Charges 
Airline Name 
Jetblue Airways 
Ticket Date 
10/03/2015 
Total Charged to American Express 
3.54.49 
Ticket Number 
7579752123 
Invoice 
1545001 
Electronic 
Yes 
Ticket Base Fare 
316.64 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
37.85 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
35.4.49 
The Baggage Rules of Jetblue Airways apply to this 'unwary. and can be accessed by visiting 
hr,D ,M):Rnnex:raveLcent:paggage 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Saturday 14 Mar 15 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Jetblue Airways 
B61254 
West Palm Beach. Palm Beach International 
New York. John F Kennedy International 
04:44 PM 
07:37 PM 
Terminal 5 
Economy Class 
20A, 20D 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Number of Stops 
Hrs 53 Mins 
Embraer 190 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 3 
Invo.ce UPMEIDK 
ERICAN 
E4PRESS 
EFTA00589823
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 
Additional Messages 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival, when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a $100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at WinV.americanexpress 
To book your stay, visit amerIcanexpress.cornffhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cat Centurion Travel Service for details 
• Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wvnv.allianz.com. Please note. it you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise. accommodations, transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includng, without limitation, at cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including. but not limited to, daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your slay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to nquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit httelimyamextravelcongstaticfconditions fa more information. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include exposives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oAdizers. 
poisons, corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases, oxygen bottles, and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain snicking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage a 
on your person. A violation can result in five years' imprisonment and penalties of 3250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials riclude explosives, compressed 
gases. flammable (quids and solids, oxidizers, poisons, corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants, lighter fluid. fireworks, tear gases, oxygen bottles, and 
radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smokrig 
materials carried on your person. For further information contact your aide* representative or visit htip:liwww.faasioviaboutiinitiativesMazmal safety:. 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense a damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations, accidents or 
failures of equipment or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civi 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the pubic internet telecommunications lines or facilties. or third party technology systems. a any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you n finding travel suppliers and makeig arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppliers to you and recommending specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certan suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to tine may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
Page 2 of 3 
Invoice UPMBDK 
Z
WVEFtICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00589824
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relabonshps we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppbers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
rnaxrnum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your claim 
and a $35 processeig fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977£001: a by 
visiting TCRC's website at: imwricrenfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser uness the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product andior date. 
• NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of travel services or a 
vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To Wan information relating to your nghts under the Recovery 
Fund and the fang of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Find. you may contact the Consumer Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at 
the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA 1850 East Sahara Avenue. Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104. Phone: 
ESC 
e-mail: 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane. Building B. Suite 113. Reno. Nevada 89502. Phone: ■ 
California CST01022318, Washington UBId800-469-694, Iowa TAII002. Nevada NV//2001-0126. 
Fax: 
. e-mail: 
Page 3 of 3 
Invoice UPMBOK 
co, hi
EXPRE SS 
EFTA00589825

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589826.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589826.pdf
----------------------------------------
GENERAC' 
INDUSTRIAL 
Date: March 31, 2016 
To: Great Saint James 
Attn: Ann Rodriguez and Danny Vickers 
Reference: GSJ 
We are pleased to offer the following quote for the above project 
Quantity 1 - Generac Industrial diesel engine-driven generator set with turbocharged/aftercooled 6-cylinder 6.7L 
engine, consisting of the following features and accessories: 
• 
Stationary Emergency-Standby rated 
• 
Permanent Magnet Excitation 
• 
With upsized 130 kW alternator 
• 
UL2200 
• 
EPA Certified 
• 
H-100 Control Panel 
o 
Meets NFPA 99 and 110 requirements 
o 
Temp Range -40 to 70 degrees C 
o Digital Microprocessor: 
• 
Two 4-line x 20 displays, full system status 
• 
Phase sensing, +/-0.25% digital voltage regulation 
• 
RS232, RS485 and Canbus remote ports 
• 
Waterproof connections 
• 
All engine sensors are 4-20ma for minimal interference 
• 
Programmable I/O 
• 
Built-in PLC for special applications 
o 
Engine function monitoring and control: 
• 
Full range standby operation; programmable auto crank, Emergency Stop, Auto-Off-
Manual switch 
• 
lsochronous Governor, +1-0.25% frequency regulation 
• 
Full system status on all AC output and engine function parameters 
• 
Service reminders, trending, fault history (alarm log) 
• 
12T function for full generator protection 
• 
Selectable low-speed exercise 
o 
HTS transfer switch function monitoring and control 
o 
2-wire start controls for any 2-wire transfer switch 
• 
Level 2 Acoustic Enclosure, Aluminum 
o 
Industrial Grey Baked-On Powder Coat Finish 
• 
Standard MLCB, 80% rated thermal-magnetic 
o 
500 Amp 
• 
Battery Charger, 2.5 Amp, installed 
• 
36" 693 Gallon Double-Wall UL142 Basetank 
o 
Mechanical fuel level indicator gauge 
o 
Electronic fuel level sender 
o 
Emergency Vent 
Remote Emergency Stop Switch, Surface-Mount, shipped loose 
Page 1 of 3 
EFTA00589826
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
12V DC Light Kit 
• 
Std set of 3 Manuals 
• 
120V GFCI and 240V Outlet 
• 
Alternator Strip Heater 
• 
Alternator Tropical Coating 
• 
Modem 
• 
Optional Fan and Belt Guards 
• 
Standard 2-Year Limited Warranty 
• 
SD0100AG176.7D18HPLY3 
Total investment for the above equipment delivered to the GSJ barge is: $35,015.46 
Installation: 
men for three days assuming existing electrical distribution will accept the incoming power: $5400.00 
Preliminary estimate for materials: $2,467.65 
Total cost of material and installation is: $42,883.11 
Project notes: 
1) At this stage we understand this installation is a direct replacement for an existing generator and 
that the existing electrical infrastructure can accept the output from this generator. 
2) This installation does not include any concrete work or transportation/ lifting equipment from St. 
Thomas to Great Saint James. 
Notes 
Estimated Delivery: 
Prices valid for 90 days from above date 
FOB: Jobsite 
Terms and Conditions 
Net 30 days, subject to review and approval by our Credit Dept. Payment obligations are not dependent or 
contingent upon the manner in which purchaser may receive payment from others. No retainage against this order 
will be permitted unless agreed to ahead of time. Warranty is invalid without factory start up. 
Start up will be done during normal business hours. Additional charges will be applied to start ups requested on 
weekends or off normal business hours. 
Sincerely, 
Jacco Bos 
Engineer 
Alternative Energy Systems 
Page 2 of 3 
EFTA00589827
--- PAGE 3 ---
Acceptance of Quote 
Prior to ordering equipment or services, please sign and return as a confirmation of the above terms and conditions 
Page 3 of 3 
EFTA00589828

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589829.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589829.pdf
----------------------------------------
GENERAC 
INDUSTRIAL 
Date: March 31, 2016 
To: Great Saint James 
Attn: Ann Rodriguez and Danny Vickers 
Reference: GSJ 
We are pleased to offer the following quote for the above project 
Quantity 1 - Generac Industrial diesel engine-driven generator set with turbocharged/aftercooled 6-cylinder 6.7L 
engine, consisting of the following features and accessories: 
• 
Stationary Emergency-Standby rated 
• 
Permanent Magnet Excitation 
• 
With upsized 130 kW alternator 
• 
UL2200 
• 
EPA Certified 
• 
H-100 Control Panel 
o 
Meets NFPA 99 and 110 requirements 
o 
Temp Range -40 to 70 degrees C 
o Digital Microprocessor: 
• 
Two 4-line x 20 displays, full system status 
• 
Phase sensing, +/-0.25% digital voltage regulation 
• 
RS232, RS485 and Canbus remote ports 
• 
Waterproof connections 
• 
All engine sensors are 4-20ma for minimal interference 
• 
Programmable I/O 
• 
Built-in PLC for special applications 
o 
Engine function monitoring and control: 
• 
Full range standby operation; programmable auto crank, Emergency Stop, Auto-Off-
Manual switch 
• 
lsochronous Governor, +1-0.25% frequency regulation 
• 
Full system status on all AC output and engine function parameters 
• 
Service reminders, trending, fault history (alarm log) 
• 
12T function for full generator protection 
• 
Selectable low-speed exercise 
o 
HTS transfer switch function monitoring and control 
o 
2-wire start controls for any 2-wire transfer switch 
• 
Level 2 Acoustic Enclosure, Aluminum 
o 
Industrial Grey Baked-On Powder Coat Finish 
• 
Standard MLCB, 80% rated thermal-magnetic 
o 
500 Amp 
• 
Battery Charger, 2.5 Amp, installed 
• 
36" 693 Gallon Double-Wall UL142 Basetank 
o 
Mechanical fuel level indicator gauge 
o 
Electronic fuel level sender 
o 
Emergency Vent 
Remote Emergency Stop Switch, Surface-Mount, shipped loose 
Page 1 of 3 
EFTA00589829
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
12V DC Light Kit 
• 
Std set of 3 Manuals 
• 
120V GFCI and 240V Outlet 
• 
Alternator Strip Heater 
• 
Alternator Tropical Coating 
• 
Modem 
• 
Optional Fan and Belt Guards 
• 
Standard 2-Year Limited Warranty 
• 
SD0100AG176.7D18HPLY3 
Total investment for the above equipment delivered to the GSJ barge is: $35,015.46 
Installation: 
men for three days assuming existing electrical distribution will accept the incoming power: $5400.00 
Preliminary estimate for materials: $2,467.65 
Total cost of material and installation is: $42,883.11 
Project notes: 
1) At this stage we understand this installation is a direct replacement for an existing generator and 
that the existing electrical infrastructure can accept the output from this generator. 
2) This installation does not include any concrete work or transportation/ lifting equipment from St. 
Thomas to Great Saint James. 
Notes 
Estimated Delivery: 
Prices valid for 90 days from above date 
FOB: Jobsite 
Terms and Conditions 
Net 30 days, subject to review and approval by our Credit Dept. Payment obligations are not dependent or 
contingent upon the manner in which purchaser may receive payment from others. No retainage against this order 
will be permitted unless agreed to ahead of time. Warranty is invalid without factory start up. 
Start up will be done during normal business hours. Additional charges will be applied to start ups requested on 
weekends or off normal business hours. 
Sincerely, 
Jacco Bos 
Engineer 
Alternative Energy Systems 
Page 2 of 3 
EFTA00589830
--- PAGE 3 ---
Acceptance of Quote 
Prior to ordering equipment or services, please sign and return as a confirmation of the above terms and conditions 
Page 3 of 3 
EFTA00589831

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589832.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589832.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
INVOICE 
Generated: Fn. 28 August 2015 10:13:25 
Page I of 2 
Travel Arrangements for ALLENBY/LEIGHTON 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
BWYEVZ 
Ticket Information for ALLENBY/LEIGHTON 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1-877-877-0987 
When Overseas Call Collect 602-537-4000 
Charges 
Aldine Name 
Ticket Number 
Electronic 
United Airlines 
7676156161 
Invoice 
2078871 
Yes 
Ticket Date 
28/08/2015 
Travel Details 
Sunday 30 Aug 15 
Other Information 
Total Charged to American Express 
300.30 
Ticket Base Fare 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
267.50 
32.80 
300.30 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
HY7VHP 
United Airlines 
UA1482 
Charlotte Amalie, Cyril E King Airport 
Newark. Newark Liberty International 
02:25 PM 
06:55 PM 
Terminal C 
S Economy Class 
25E 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 30 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 737-700 
Meal 
Food For Purchase 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS - 
Page 1 of 2 
Invoke BWYEVZ 
a
vE RICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00589832
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 2 
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wyny.allianz.com Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans, please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise, accommodations, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includng. without limitation, a cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to squire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review puny VisnrPntral corntarrex for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit regurements for your travel 
destMation. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Air Transportation Important ailine ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit http://rnyamextravet.corn:stauctonditions for more information 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carnage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of $250,000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons, corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints, lighter fluid. fireworks, tear gases. oxygen bottles, and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit http:/Mww.faadowabouVinitiativesThazmat safety). 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury, expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or 
indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or 
failures of equipment, or changes in fares, itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the pubbc internet telecommunications lines or faciaies. or third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you n finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppbers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an ndependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
cedar. suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to rile may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In additicn, we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other America, Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppbers and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may consider a number of factors, including suppler availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppbers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA- This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a daim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than 550 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maxi-num amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your daim 
and a $35 processen fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim fomi by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur, CA 94977£001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: wvietcrenfo.org. 
• WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contras between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within dirty (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
California CST-I/1022318. Washington UBIS660-469-694. Iowa TA#002. 
Page 2 of 2 
invoice BWYEVZ 
- - 
:.'.:E RICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00589833

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589834.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589834.pdf
----------------------------------------
2013 G650 
AVIONICS AND EQUIPMENT 
Integrated Digital Avionics System, including: 
four (4) flat-panel LCD Electronic Display Units 
triple Modular Avionics Units (MAUs) 
a Guidance Panel 
dual Standby Multifunction Controllers (SMC) 
three (3) Multi-Function Control Display Units (MCDUs) 
dual Cursor Control Devices (CCDs) 
Primary sensors consisting of: 
four (4) Multifunction Air Data Probes (MFPs) 
triple Inertial Reference Systems (IRS) 
dual Global positioning Systems (GPS) 
Head Up Display 
Enhanced Vision System 
Dual Loading LAN Management Unit 
Cockpit Printer 
Communications and Navigation Systems, including: 
Minimum Navigation Performance (MNP) 
Reduced Vertical Separation Minimums (RVSM) 
FANS I/A oceanic position reporting and communication 
three (3) Multi- Function Control Display Units (MCDUs) 
Dual HF Transceivers 
Triple VHF through two (2) VHF transceivers and one (1) NAVCOM unit 
VHF Navigation, Instrument Landing System (ILS), and Marker Beacon 
Automated Direction Finder (ADF) 
Dual (MODE S) ATC transponders 
Traffic Collision Avoidance System (TCAS) 
Dual Distance Measuring Equipment (DME) Transceivers 
Three-dimensional (3D) color weather radar system 
Dual digital radio altimeters 
Satellite Communications System (SATCOM) 
ASC003 SATCOM Direct Datalink Service Provider 
Enhanced Ground Proximity Warning System (EGPWS) 
Emergency Locator Transmitter (ELT) 
ASC007 Weather Radar with Predictive Wind Shear 
Next Generation Radar (NEXRAD) 
Flight Data Recorder System (FDR) 
Cockpit Voice Recorder (CVR) 
Central Maintenance Computer (CMC) 
FAR Part 135 compliant 
CABIN/INTERIOR 
Forward Left-Hand Cabinet 
Forward Right-Hand Closet/Storage Cabinet 
Crew Rest Compartment (Forward RH), induding 
One (1) RCO Engineering Inc. manually operated single seat 
Forward Lavatory 
Forward Cabin Bulkheads with Pocket Door 
Mid Cabin Bulkheads with Pocket Door 
Aft Cabin Bulkheads and Door 
Forward Galley/Galley Annex, including: 
Crystal storage in lighted compartment 
EFTA00589834
--- PAGE 2 ---
Stainless steel trimmed appliance stack comprised of: 
One (1) manual fill lacobucci Hi-Fly dual-cup espresso/cappuccino maker 
One (1) manual fill lacobucci Hi-Fly American coffee/tea maker 
Microwave oven 
Convection oven with overboard vent 
Two (2) ice drawers each including: 
Canned and bottled drink storage 
Refrigerator with removable shelves and freezer compartment 
Quartz Polymer Surface Countertop 
Passenger Cabin 
Three-position conference table 
Electrically operated console tables 
Four (4) RCO Engineering Inc. manually operated single seats (28" wide) with: 
Full flat berthing capability (floorplan permitting) 
12.1" widescreen HD LCD monitor in inboard armrest 
Headphone storage and headphone jack in outboard armrest 
Two (2) RCO Engineering Inc. manually operated single seats (25- wide) with: 
Full flat berthing capability (floorplan permitting) 
12.1" widescreen HD LCD personal monitor in inboard armrest 
Headphone storage and headphone jack in outboard armrest 
Two (2) RCO Engineering Inc. manually operated double seats (45" wide) 
Two (2) three-place RCO Engineering, Inc. berthable divan installed on the RH and LI-I sides 
(80' wide) 
Divan end cabinets, each with pull-out drawers 
Aft Lavatory 
includes vanity cabinet installed opposite an inboard-facing vacuum toilet and RH Closet 
Aft Left-Hand Closet/Storage Cabinet 
Aft Right-Hand Closet/Storage Cabinet 
Passenger Address/Paging System 
GULFSTREAM's Audio/Video Distribution System (AVDS), including: 
Six (6) Alto midrange/tweeter speaker assemblies, three (3) Alto subwoofers and two 
(2) Alto amplifiers 
Bose QC-15 noise cancelling headphones 
One dual slot Blu-ray/DVD/CD player 
One (1) 17" widescreen HD LCD monitor is flush-mounted in the crew rest compartment 
One (1) 26" widescreen HD LCD monitor is flush-mounted in the forward right-hand cabin 
bulkhead 
One (1) 12.1" widescreen HD LCD personal monitor in inboard armrest of each single 
passenger seat 
One (1) 2& widescreen HD LCD monitor is flush-mounted in the aft right-hand bulkhead 
External Camera System 
GULFSTREAM CabinViewlm Passenger Flight Information System 
GULFSTREAM Cabin Management System Controls 
Aircell Axxess II Iridium Satellite Telephone System 
Honeywell INMARSAT Satellite Communications System 
International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) Technical Address 
Wireless LAN System 
SecuraPlane 500 Aircraft Security System 
EFTA00589835

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589836.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTH FLORIDA TRAILERS MFR. 
EFTA00589836

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589837.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589837.pdf
----------------------------------------
RAIC
L
ENDEfi  r) 
MALI Lit 
o. LLP 
Merrick hint 
East taarliOw. New York 11554 
516.228.9000 
516228.912? 1144 
cpaGrern.00.com 
CERTIFIED PUBUC ACCOUNTANTS & ADVISORS 
LEON D. & DEBRA BLACK 
c/o Elysium Management, LLC 
445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401 
New York, NY 10021 
Invoice No. 
564952 
Date 
Tuesday, December 09, 2014 
Client No. 
01506000 
Cakes kn NCwMrk fiy. Lag 111200 S NEN Jersey 
For professional services rendered : 
Services rendered for period October 16, 2013 through October 15, 2014 
Preparation of federal and state income tax returns of Leon and 
Debra Black - Year 2013 
$ 220,000.00 
Preparation of gift tax return 
3,500.00 
Preparation of FBARS for Leon and Debra Black and entities related 
to Phaidon 
10,5O0.00 
Preparation of drafts of year 2012 amended returns 
12,500.00 
Preparation of projections - quarterly estimated tax projections and 
April 15th extensions - coordinated with Family Office (includes 4th 
Qtr, 2013, April 15th extensions (which includes 1st Qtr. 2014), 2nd 
Qtr 2014 and 3rd Qtr 2014) 
58,000.00 
Tax notices - related to IRS credits from prior year not credited to 
subsequent year - correspondence and phone calls to IRS 
4,500.00 
Various meetings with Family Office at Eileen's office, 
home, 
at Elysium and at REM offices, also various conference calls 
33,500.00 
Provided Family Office tax accounting records as requested and 
responded to Family Office inquiries 
55,000.00 
Please remit payment to: 90 Merrick Avenue, Suite 802, East Meadow, New York I 1554 
EFTA00589837
--- PAGE 2 ---
Reich Ende Matter & Co. LLP 
LEON D. & DEBRA BLACK 
Invoice No. 
564952 
Page 2 
Responded to information requests from Bank of America and 
German bank "certification" letter requested by Eileen Alexanderson 
3,500.00 
Accounting work related to disregarded entities for year 2013 -
mostly related to 2006 Family Trust and also consideration of 
preparing personal return in summary form from excel 
spreadsheets as discussed with RJ 
9.000.00
LL12.214.0 
Wire Instructions: 
Signature Bank 
Garden City, New York 
Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP 
Routing #: 026013576 
Account#: 1500645160 
Swift Code: SIGN US33 
Please also include a notation for the above invoice number 
Please reference client/invoice number on remittance 
Raich Ende Matter & Co. LLP Tax ID: 11-2336434 
EFTA00589838

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589839.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589839.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
INVOICE 
Generated: Fn. 26 December 2010 09:11:46 
Page 1 of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
KCESOL 
AgentDetalls 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket Information for 
Charges 
Airline Name 
Aeroflot 
Ticket Date 
26/12/2014 
Total Charged to American Express 
927.20 
Ticket Number 
7514650353 
Invoice 
1314733 
Electronic 
Yes 
Ticket Base Fare 
565.00 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
362.20 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
927.20 
The Baggage Rules of Aeroflot apply to this Itinerary, and can be accessed by visiting 
http.:;myar extravel.conVoaggage 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Sunday 28 Dec 14 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Aeroflot 
SU103 
New York. John F Kennedy International 
Moscow. Sheremetyevo 
07:20 PM 
12:25 PM / 29 Dec 2014 
Terminal 1 
Terminal D - Domestic/Intl 
L Economy Class 
18A 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 5 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A330-300 
Meal 
Lunch Lunch 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 3 
Invoice KCESOL 
Z
A
'
E
F
t
C
A
ECPRESS 
EFTA00589839
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 or 3 
Travel Details 
Friday 02 Jan 15 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Aeroflot 
SU1190 
Moscow. Sheremetyevo 
Kazan. Kazan 
09:50 AM 
11:20AM 
Terminal D - Domesticilntl 
Terminal 1 
L Economy Class 
11A 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Tuesday 06 Jan 15 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Hr 30 Mins 
Airbus Industrie A320-100/200 
Continental Bfast 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Unassigned 
Assigned Seating Is Restricted To Airport Check In 
Aeroflot 
SU1277 
Kazan. Kazan 
Moscow. Sheremetyevo 
10:55 AM 
12:30 PM 
Terminal 1 
Terminal D - Domestic/Intl 
T Economy Class 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Tuesday 20 Jan 15 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hr 35 Mins 
Equipment 
Superjet 100-95 
Meal 
Continental Bfast 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal D - Domestic/Intl 
Arrival Terminal 
Terminal 1 
Class 
T Economy Class 
Seats 
Unassigned 
Assigned Seating Is Restricted To Airport Check In 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Aeroflot 
SU102 
Moscow. Sheremetyevo 
New York. John F Kennedy International 
02:40 PM 
05:25 PM 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 45 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A330-300 
Meal 
Lunch Lunch 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
Page 2 of 3 
Invoace KCESOL 
a
tuNIE RICAN 
ECPRESS 
EFTA00589840
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures a advertisements describing any tour. cruise. accommodations, transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includng. without limitation, al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not twilled to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to squire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit http://myamextravel.comistaticiconditions for more information. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and adds. oxidizers. 
poisons, corrosives and radioacbve materials. Examples: Paints, lighter fluid. fireworks, tear gases. oxygen bottles, and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in you' luggage and certain snicking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit h.te ..'e mw f= 
un-.= = .11;71113t 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or 
indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but not limited to delays. overbooking's, cancellation of services. cessation of operations, accidents a 
failures of equipment, or changes in fares, itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes, floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities. cad 
unrest. strikes. riots, theft, disease, accidents a failures related to the pubic internel. telecommunications lines or facilities. or third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you n finding travel suppliers and makivg arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppbers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certan suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them 
access to our marketing channels. participating in marketing programs and succoring technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express prodirts to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may consider a number of factors, including supplier avalability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the supphers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the Caifornia Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a dam with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than 550 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider a such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your dam 
and a $35 processng fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977£001: a by 
visiting TCRC's website at: www.tcronfo.org. 
AftSHINGTON: If transportation a other services are canceled by the seller of travel, al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thity (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser uMess the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA' 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seler of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of travel services a a 
vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To Wan information relating to your rights under the Recovery 
Fund and the fling of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Find, you may contact tie Consumer Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at 
the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue. Suite 101, Las Vegas, Nevada 89104, Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kietzke Lane. Building B. Suite 113. Reno, Nevada 89502. Phone: 
California CSTS1022318, Washington UBIS600-469-694, Iowa TAD002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
Fax: 
. e-mail: 
Page 3 of 3 
Invoice KCESOL 
AMERKAN 
SCPRESS 
EFTA00589841

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589842.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589842.pdf
----------------------------------------
.
To 
I 
FO r\m-
OPTICAL SHOP 
ASPEN
ot IOU Moo Pc 
MI GM mo 
Sam Fr. Unt mm 503-9849,10 
products
sek- Mau., OHO. 
112,91,3790* 
MOH,
. 
Customer Receipt 
OVS29SSU 51 RALLY ESQ. BA.. OOPS 
21.006 
ANMPOSSOSI •••••••••••1029
fotcoun 
Amount num 
nom 
nit 
422.42 
Comma Coo-Pis I 
Atonitm num. 
Rome Om: 
IMO 
ZDC CC(t
-
d 
C
MEMO: 
ditt 6t c./2s 
Cr\jes, 
C1SC,
EFTA00589842

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589843.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589843.pdf
----------------------------------------
FO KW D: 
AUG 21 2015 
At,F. 
TO
IL
OPTICAL SHOP 
°ASPEN 
E0 Sam Ft 
Galiwv 
S... 
SM 87501 505-94-0510 
prtdu.
Room - Onpal /kap • 32910839 foom State 01001 Ou Om 
470513790. 
Staglat.e. 
OV539854: 51 FINLEY ESQ. 
N.,. 
Po, 
Sobtool 
Emma M., 
Due 
Ts. 
Amount Returned: 
-422.42 
Customer Receipt 
4$5, 
prrnwet, Seim. 
ION 
AMT. Exprex 
4.1; 
03r0lIdder 
femme Coss - PuT I 
ZDC CC: k 
MEMO: 
gArQ,A ICkedked glue 
6,,a1 - 
5oDn 
EFTA00589843

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589844.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jaredian Design Group 
PHYSICAL ADDRE 
MAILING ADDRES 
Telephone 
BILL TO: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
NAUTILUS, INC. 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, SUITE 83 
ST. THOMAS, U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
PROJECT: 
ARCHITECTURAL-ENGINEERING SERVICES 
EASTERN END OF THE POOL TERRACE, 
00802 
RELATED 
LITTLE ST. 
TO THE A NEW 
JAMES CAY, ST. THOMAS, 
07-Apr-17 
r
te 
Invoice No. 
16-010.1 
Project No. 
16-010 
STRUCTURE AT THE 
VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DESCRIPTION 
Term 
Amounts 
Amount of 
this Billing 
Amounts 
Previously Billed 
Balance 
Initial Payment/Pre-Design and Conceptual Design 
$30.000.00 
$0.00 
$30,000.00 
$0.00 
Preliminary Design Services 
$20,000.00 
$15,000.00 
$0.00 
$5,000.00 
Final Design/Construction Documents 
$20.000.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$20,000.00 
Bidding/Negotiations. Construction Admin. Services 
$5,000.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$5,000.00 
TOTALS 
$75,000.00 
$15,000.00 
$30,000.00 
$30,000.00 
Contract Amount 
$75,000.00 
Amount Earned 
S45,000.00 
LESS Amount Previously Earned 
530..000.00 
AMOUNT DUE 
$15,000.00 
Th1515 to certify that this is a correct 
ACCEPTED BY: 
invoice and no previous payment has been effected, credited or received (or the amounts requested herein - 
M
John P. Woods, A 
GARB, Principal 
Jaredian Design Gr 
Jeffrey Epstein, Owner 
Nautilus, Inc 
EFTA00589844

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589845.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589845.pdf
----------------------------------------
Via email 
Joy Street, Rm 425 
Brooklyn, NY 11201 
T 212 465.8200 F 212.465.8525 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
Jeanne Berney 
Anthony Bregmon 
Mark D'Arcy 
Sharon Solomon 
Hunter Gray 
Ted Hope 
James Jonowitz 
Andrew Korpen 
Jeffrey low.Hinie 
Jewell Jackson McCabe 
Sheila Nevins 
Katherine Oliver 
Stephan Postern°. 
John Schmidt 
Lance Weiler 
Adorn Youch 
Craig NeviII-Manning 
Philipp Engelhorn 
HONORARY  
Michoel Barker 
David Linde 
Rosie Perez 
Corole D. Rodziwill 
Bingham Ray 
Paul Trijbits 
Joana Vicente 
Executive Director 
November 21, 2011 
Jeffrey Epstein 
301 East 66th Street, Suite 10B 
New York, NY 10065 
Dear Jeffrey, 
I would like to thank you for your generous support of IFP with your contribution of 
$7,000 USD, to be used toward our annual program, the Gotham Independent Film 
Awards TM. The success of the organization, our programs, and the filmmakers upon 
which we provide support and mentorship would not be possible without kind and 
generous donations such as this. 
After debuting with a program in the 1979 New York Film Festival, the nonprofit IFP has 
evolved into the nation's oldest and largest organization of independent filmmakers, and 
also the premier advocate for them. Since its start, IFP has supported the production of 
7,000 films and provided resources to more than 20,000 filmmakers' voices that 
otherwise might not have been heard. IFP believes that independent films broaden the 
palette of cinema, seeding the global culture with new ideas, kindling awareness, and 
fostering activism. 
Currently, IFP represents a network of 10,000 filmmakers in New York City and around 
the world. Through its workshops, seminars, conferences, mentorships, and Filmmaker 
magazine, IFP schools its members in the art, technology, and business of independent 
filmmaking (there are special programs to promote racial, ethnic, religious, ideological, 
gender, and sexual diversity). IFP builds audiences by hosting screenings, often in 
collaboration with other cultural institutions-and also bestows the Gotham Awards TPA, 
the first honors of the film awards season. When all is said and done, IFP fosters the 
development of 350 feature and documentary films each year. 
Our programs provide filmmakers with access to the tools to develop and present 
their vision, and audiences with the opportunity to discover new work. Our 
signature programs include the Gotham Independent Film Awards TPA, Independent 
Film Week, Filmmaker Magazine, Envision, and IFP's Independent Filmmaker Labs. The 
success of these programs would not be possible without the generous support from 
individuals like you. 
IFP is designated by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) as a tax-exempt organization 
as defined by section 50I(c)3 of the IRS code. Therefore, your contribution of 
$7,000 is tax deductible. IFP's Federal Tax Identification number is 13-3118525. 
Please keep this letter as a receipt for tax purposes, and contact your financial 
advisor for proper consultation. 
With warmest regards and sincere thanks, 
Steven Pfeiffer 
IFP Development Manager 
cc: Joana Vicente, Executive Director 
EFTA00589845

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589846.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589846.pdf
----------------------------------------
IGY-AYH ST. THOMAS HOLDING I,L 
March 18, 2016 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, Suite B-3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Dear Mr. Epstein: 
We are pleased to notify you of a pro rata share of a $100,000 distribution of operating cash flow 
being made by IGY-AYH St. Thomas Holdings LLC. The record date is March 18, 2016 and 
payment date for this distribution is March 31, 2016. 
Thank you for your continued support, and, as always, please do not hesitate to contact me if you 
have any questions concerning your investment in IGY-AYH St. Thomas Holdings LLC. 
Sincerely 
Jennifer L. Greene 
Executive Vice President 
EFTA00589846

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589847.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589847.pdf
----------------------------------------
0) 
O 
0)
C)
O 
C)
0) 
NEW YORK 
I 1471 4 IF AY' 
A 08 23 37 41 48 CEP 17 aP 
28 35 42 57 OP 01 OP 
C 03 07 27 35 47 oP 22 op 
22 23 54 58 OP 07 ap 
15 38 39 54 OP 
100P 
15 41 43 47 ap 18 op 
07 09 45 50 OP 30 up 
H 24 25 50 52 56 CEP 26 ap 
i 02 36 54 57 58 np 19 op 
J 04 06 1B 46 58 EIP 03 ap 
WED FEB11 15 
$20.00 
09015301 634029943321.157529 018559 
WED FEB11 15 08:24:06 
ItOKESDAY'S LOTTO JAEXPOI 
WM $8.9 MILLION. 
RESULTS NYLOTTFRY.NY.GOV 
11111111111111111111111111111111111
111 01111 0111 
NEW YORK 
liDIAidELELYA 
A 12 14 16 39 46 ap 34 op 
B 01 09 46 50 58 OP 
320P 
44 49 51 59 GP 28 aP 
05 16 29 31 44 OP 
300P 
E 13 31 33 45 51 aP 030P 
WED FEB11 15 
$10.00 
09015301 634-015188248.152329 017473 
WED FEB11 15 08:24:14 
WEDNESDAY'S LOITO JACKPOT 
NOW $8.9 MILLION. 
RESULTS NvLO-TERY.NY.GOV 
10111111111111
1111111E 
111111111
11111111111111 
EFTA00589847

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589848.pdf
----------------------------------------
O 
0) 
C 
O 
CY) 
C 
O 
O)
C 
C 
O 
0)
C 
4.3 
NEW YORK 
©CO ®®m
A 11 
04 
c 02 
o 03 
r 11 
c 02 
N 08 
i 13 
37 54 58 or 33 or 
41 46 58 OP 050P 
23 24 51 OP 010P 
22 44 55 OP 15 OP 
36 44 47 OP 080P 
21 26 36 OP 19 ap 
09 21 35 OP 10 or 
24 35 54 ap 08 op 
16 43 53 or 13 or 
48 49 55 OP 320p 
WED FEB11 15 
$20.00 
09015301 634.048600856.155929 019390 
WED FEB11 15 08:24:08 
WEDNESDAY'S LOTTO JACKPOT 
010.9 4ILL:ON. 
RESULTS KYLOTTERY.NY.GOV 
111111111111111111111
11111111111111
111111
11111111 
NEW YORK 
O A 01 
O) 
***2 
Irmy•74-1F7,E 
50 OP 12 OP 
C • 04 09 17 34 47 OP 04 OP 
c 23 34 42 49 59 OP 05 OP 
09 18 38 56 OP 27 op 
"">: 
32 41 48 OP 270P 
Ca
O)
C 
5, 
0)
WED FEB11 15 
$10.00 
09015301 634-025947161-153429 011684 
WED FLEill 15 08:24:18 
WEDNESDAY'S LOTTO JACKPOT 
NOW $8.5 MILLION. 
RE2LIS NV, OTTERY.NY.GOV 
11111111111111111111111111111111111
EFTA00589848

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589849.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589849.pdf
----------------------------------------
SECKENDORF HASSON & REILLY CPA'S, LLC 
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 
Bruce S. Seckendorf, CPA 
David M. Iiasson, CPA 
Robert P. Reilly, CPA 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
JE ENTITIES 
c.o Richard Kahn 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER 133 
ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 
Date: 
12/2512014 
Invoice I 
6274 
For Professional Services Rendered 
DKJ/Butterfly Trust, Including Discussions re: Beneficiary Changes 
1,900.00 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, including Discussion re: US/USVI Filings 
1,400.00 
RK Discussion Re: Client Contribution 
750.00 
JB Discussion Re: Gross Receipts Tax 
250.00 
RK/JB Re: Caterpillar/PALs, NY Strategy and old FTC 
875.00 
Balance Due 
$5,175.00 
"'Please make checks payable to Seckendorf, Hasson & Reilly CPA's. or SHR CPA's, LLC. 
'7o make payments by Visa & Mastercard, please contact the office. 
All unpaid invoices that are in excess of 30 days old will be subject to a finance charge of 1.5% per month. 
EFTA00589849

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589850.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589850.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUMMARY OF CASH FLOW - BLACK FAMILY 
13F »OWINGS 
11/15/201410 11/31/2015 
(DB 2011 MC 
TOTAL 
PREPARED By R1 12/23/1015 
REF 
LOB 
BM LP 
APO 1 
ADO 2 
LOB 2014 tic 
NARROws 
GRAB 
CASH BALANCE 
DRB 
INFLOWS -APOLLO 
APO -VIII DISTRIBUTION FROM MP LP): 
2/28/2015 5 
0.70 
4/14/2011 
0.30 IRA 524,5 
SP/2015 5 
042 EST 
8/7/2015 5 
042 EST 
11/7/2015 $ 
42 EST 
APO • 1NET DISTRIBUTION FROM 'FP LP) 
GRAY ANNUITIES 
1/14/2015 
3/3/2015 
4/24/2015 
6/3/2015 
7/14/2015 
9/3/1015 
10/24/2015 
12/3/1015 
GRAT ANNUITIES (APO DISTR TO 6$61.0 TO GRAT) 
DISTRIBUTIONS FROM BER 
1/1/2015 
INFLOWS • INVESTMENTS 
TIMBER 
Per EA 
ART SALE 
Per HG 
WARREN ST 
INVDENOS 
LOAN CASCADE • PARTIAL WITHDRAWAL 
HERITAGE 
KNOWLEDGE UNIVERSE • LIQUIDATION Rl Pet EA 
KNOWLEDGE UNIVERSE LIQUIDATION 02 
DUNE REAL ESTATE DISTRIB 
BUCKINGHAM PARTIAL WITHDRAWAL 
COT I DISTRIBUTION 
1O I DISTRIB 
TOTAL INFLOWS 
OUTFLOWS INVESTMENT 
FCI II CAPITAL CALL 
01X115 
btu, 
COT III CONINVEST III CAPITAL 
012015 
Per (A 
AIKEN! CAPITAL CALL 
MAR 2015 
SEARCHLIGHT CAPITAL CALL 
Per EA 
TENFORE CAPITAL CALL 
Pet EA 
PIIAIDON/ PUBLISHING: 
ARTSPACE 
INVESTED 55.2MAI 
CHAIDON PRESS 
INVESTED 577.8MM 
REGAN ARTS 
INVESTED $3MM 
OUTFLOWS -PERSONAL 
HOUSEHOLD 
TowNwouSt• CONSTRUCTION 
SN MEADOW • CONSER 
ERE INVESTED $1.1613.3 
MIAMI PROPERTY 
INVESTED 58 255161 
BOAT • NET OF CHARTER REVENUE 
PLANE NET OF APOLLO REIMS 
FAMILY OFFICE 
130EA • ART LOAN 
ART EXPENSE • CONSULTANT/INSURANCE 
LEGAL Su ACCOUNTING 
CHARITY - ADDY 2015 
CHARITY • ADD% 2014 
OtAAFTY • ADErt 2014 
105/ NYS/ CA/ IA TAX • JAN 
IRS/ NTS/ CAI IA TAR. APR 
IRS/ NTS/ CA/ IA TAR: TUN DEC 
USE ET Al TAX 
ADV60BY FEE 
TOTAL OUTFLOWS 
NET IN (OUT) 
REPAY DIP FOR PUBLISHING LOANS 
REPAY IDS FROM BIP 
INTRA FAMILY TRANSFERS -INT ON DEBT (FT '151 
iNTRA FAMILY TRANSFERS • INT ON DEBT (TY '141 
NET CASH 
33,505.501 
18.209.782 
12.554,652 
8.140.036 
10.918.160 
14.112 
14.352.720 
107,714.933 
6,704,679 
5,704.679 
9.169.972 
8.345.945 
4.653.003 
42,940,095 
64,909.015 
4.184.002 
6.562.140 
3,748.326 
37,794.381 
52.188.849 
5.442.174 
4.837,567 
2.791.802 
25,823.867 
38,945.410 
5.784,147 
4.887.567 
2.791.802 
25.431.895 
38,945,410 
5,075261 
4.887467 
2.791.801 
16.190.780 
344945,410 
29,655,555 
29,370,786 
16.776,734 
• 
1561131.018 
214,034,093 
18.072.534 
(18.072.5341 
39.160,977 
139.160.9771 
20.922315 
120.97/.6151 
49,656,630 
149.656.6301 
4,626.810 
14,626310) 
23,522.933 
(23.522.933) 
1.958.961 
(1,958.962) 
16.190.780 
(26.150.780) 
184.117242 
• 
(184.112.242) 
1.178,152 
(15,973,494) 
2,004540 
1,145.060 
11345,642 
1,321500 
1,112,500 
4,052,563 
4,052,563 
482.900 
579.100 
1,062,100 
10,007030 
10,000,000 
504,887 
50180 
45000:» 
5,090000 
216.678 
216.678 
6,000.000 
923,989 
913.989 
1.000.000 
1010000 
215.045949 
4,014,293 
2,501,189 
41,644,667 
17,921.794 
1,322503 
(14.135.582) 
268,116810 
(5.003.0031 
(5.0)2.0001 
(5.0070901 
15.100.0001 
(41.640.09M 
(41.640.0001 
1450,093) 
(450.000) 
(500.0001 
(613.000) 
(2,950.0001 
(7.910.0001 
1117.905) 
(1.242.051 
(1,440.0001 
1794325) 
(4,526.3751 
(5.320.5001 
112.903.000) 
(12,020.0001 
13.615.370/ 
17.384.630) 
(11.010.0001 
16.403.0001 
16.403.000) 
(3250.000) 
(8,80.000) 
13.671,000) 
(3,672.000) 
15.544,000) 
(5544.0001 
14.400.000) 
(4,403.000) 
(7.176.000) 
(2.176.0001 
(400.0001 
(800,0511 
(1,100.000) 
(S0O000) 
(300.000) 
(22,500,000) 
(22,500.000) 
(3.003,0301 
(3010.000) 
(10,7120,000) 
(10.703500) 
(35,373,000) 
(35,373,000) 
(29,091,000) 
(29,031,000) 
(20,344,000) 
(20.344.000) 
(7.003.0001 
11,303,0)31 
1102,0001 
(8.410.000) 
(25550,000/ 
(25.0.M.000) 
1585,915,3701 
(56,500,000) 
(10,154,6601 
(23,473.470) 
(800,000) 
(276,813.500) 
29,130479 
(52.485,707) 
11,651.47N 
18.171.197 
17.921.794 
522,500 
(14,335.582) 
(8,726,690) 
16,550.030 
12.470.0881 
114.029.9111 
10.518,000 
(10538,000) 
127,325.2661 
27,525.266 
117,325,2671 
27.325.267 
35,228.227 
(18,263,9151 
47,083,626 
12,231,320 
28,849,954 
566,6:2 
37.138 
105,692,951 
Prepared by Richard loshn 
EFTA00589850

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589851.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589851.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Fn. 21 August 2015 14:20:02 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page 1 of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 MfC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing authorization is received. Please contact your 
travel office by 1:00 PM on August 24. or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Thursday 27 Aug 15 
CITIZENS OF LITHUANIA MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Lufthansa 
LH889 
Vilnius. Vilnius 
Frankfurt. Frankfurt International 
06:05 AM 
07:20 AM 
Terminal 1 
W Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Flight Information 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Hrs 15 Mins 
Airbus Industrie A320 Sharklets 
Snack 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Lufthansa 
LH402 
Frankfurt. Frankfurt International 
New York. Newark Liberty International 
01:20 PM 
03:45 PM 
Terminal 1 
Terminal B 
W Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 25 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 747-8I 
Meal 
Meals 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary BXVIOB 
:...: ER CAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00589851
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Travel Details 
Saturday 05 Sep 15 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Lufthansa 
LH403 
New York. Newark Liberty International 
Frankfurt. Frankfurt International 
06:05 PM 
07:45 AM / 06 Sep 2015 
Terminal B 
Terminal 1 
K Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Travel Details 
Sunday 06 Sep 15 
Flight Information 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Hrs 40 Mins 
Boeing 747-81 
Meals 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
LH880 
Frankfurt. Frankfurt International 
Vilnius. Vilnius 
08:40 PM 
11:40 PM 
Terminal 1 
K Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Hrs 
Airbus Industrie A321 
Snack 
Non-stop 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-----------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
• 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 72 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
• 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wvnv.allianzcom. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Page 2 of 3 
Itinerary BXV1OB 
ERKAN 
BCPRESS 
EFTA00589852
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise. accommodations, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services including. without limitation. a cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wsh to inquire with the hotel before your tnp regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Frilly and Fxit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodicaly review www.Visacentralcom for the most up to date and accurate entryfexit requirements for your travel 
destesation. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Alr Transportation Important arsine ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit http://myamextravelcomistatic/conditions fa more information. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and sends, oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in you' luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your aline representative or visit hic.,,V,ww.faa.gowabout,r11,a:,.,es,'Ilazmat_E 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations, accidents or 
failures of equipment. or changes in fares. itineranes or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes, floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents a failures related to the public internet telecommunications lines or faciMies. a third party technology systems. a any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you ri finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppbers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
oaten suppliers pay us commissions as well as ricentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to tine may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing channels. participating in marketing programs and supporing technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppler& and these arrangements. including levels and types of compensation and incentfves we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a dam with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your dam 
and a 535 processng fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 600t: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: a by 
visiting TCRC's website at: iinwricrenfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within Slily (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product an for date. 
California CSTS1022318. Washington UBIN660-469-694. Iowa TA4002. 
Page 3 o13 
itinerary BXVIOB 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00589853

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589854.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589854.pdf
----------------------------------------
8'" January 2014 
Name: 
Nationality: 
School: 
High School: 
University: 
Postgraduate: 
Badr Jafar 
United Arab Emirates 
The International School of Choueifat, Sharjah, UAE 
Eton College, UK 
Churchill College, Cambridge, UK 
Masters in Engineering 
Judge Business School, Cambridge University, UK 
Born in the United Arab Emirates, Badr Jafar was raised and educated in Sharjah until the age of 15, 
when he attended Eton College and later Cambridge University in the UK. He holds a Master's Degree 
in Engineering and a Business Degree from the Judge Business School of Cambridge University. Badr is 
Managing Director of the Crescent Group, headquartered in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates, with global 
offices. He also has a variety of other international business and philanthropic interests and 
involvements. 
Crescent Petroleum www.crescent.ae 
President 
Established over 42 years ago, Crescent Petroleum was the first regional, independent, privately-owned 
petroleum company to engage in the acquisition, exploration and development of petroleum 
concessions, and the production and sale of crude oil, petroleum products and natural gas. Today, 
Crescent Petroleum has operations worldwide. 
Crescent Petroleum's headquarters are in Sharjah, in the UAE, with other offices located in the UK, Iraq 
and Iran and affiliate offices in Canada, Egypt, Yemen, Jordan, Bahrain, Turkey and Saudi Arabia. 
Crescent Petroleum has held concessions in Argentina, Canada, Egypt, France, Pakistan, Tunisia, United 
Arab Emirates, Yemen and Yugoslavia, however its current focus is on energy opportunities in the 
Middle East, specifically within the Gulf region, Iraq, as well as North Africa. 
Crescent Enterprises 
Chief Executive Officer 
A wholly-owned subsidiary of the Crescent Group, Crescent Enterprises is the company's conglomerate 
and holds operating assets within a multitude of industries, assisting these businesses in expansion and 
strategic direction. These include aviation, where Badr serves as a board member of Gama Aviation 
(UK); shipping, serving as Vice Chairman of Gulftainer Ltd (the Middle-East's largest private container 
port operator); real estate, serving as a board member of Enshaa PSC (UAE); and media and 
entertainment, serving as Board Member of the Teshkeel Media Group (Kuwait). He also plays an 
active role in private equity initiatives, serving as a board member of The Abraaj Group (UAE) and 
GrowthGate Capital (Bahrain). Additional commercial interests within the Crescent Enterprises 
subsidiary comprise construction, project implementation, IT commerce, mineral processing and 
healthcare. As CEO, Badr continues to build and develop strategic global business partnerships. 
Dana Gas 
International Advisory Board 
Established in 2005, Dana Gas PJSC is the Middle East's first and largest listed regional private sector 
natural gas company, attracting over $78 billion in IPO subscriptions. The company holds assets and 
contractual entitlements to the largest private sector integrated natural gas supply in the Gulf Region, 
including exploration and production, processing, transportation and marketing, and plays a major role 
in the rapidly-growing natural gas industry throughout the Middle East, North Africa and South Asia 
(MENASA) Region across the entire gas value chain. 
EFTA00589854
--- PAGE 2 ---
8'" January 2014 
Gas Cities 
Chairman 
As Founder and Chairman of Gas Cities, a joint venture between Crescent Petroleum and Dana Gas, 
Badr has pioneered the concept and construction of large, self-sustaining, fully-integrated industrial 
cities designed for the systematic and comprehensive utilization of natural gas as fuel and feedstock. 
These Cities are strategically located across the Middle East, North Africa and South Asia, to maximize 
the economic benefit of locally produced natural gas, generating local industry, employment and direct 
foreign investment. 
Pearl Petroleum 
Chairman 
Pearl Petroleum is a groundbreaking partnership and joint venture between Crescent Petroleum, Dana 
Gas, OMV of Austria and MOL Group of Hungary, established in 2007 for the development of large 
natural gas assets in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq for local power generation and local industry, as well 
as developing export projects through Turkey to Europe. Building economic ties across borders is 
important to Badr, who strongly believes that when significant long-term economic incentives for 
countries to cooperate exist, business can succeed where politics often fails. 
Gulftainer I 
Vice Chairman 
Gulftainer Company Ltd, a private UAE-based fully-integrated Ports and Logistics company, was 
established in 1976 and has been delivering world class performance for over 37 years. 
The company is the largest privately owned, independent Port management and Logistics company in 
the world. UAE operations include the 'best in class' Khorfakkan Container Terminal (KCT), Sharjah 
Container Terminal (SCT) as well as port operations and logistics in Ruwais. 
The Company's international presence now includes Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Brazil, Pakistan and Iraq, 
with new ventures in Russia and Lebanon. 
Other 
• Co-founded the Global Gumbo Group with renowned producer Quincy Jones. Global Gumbo 
Group is a music production company which bridges the cross-cultural divides in the 
entertainment industry between the East and West. Global Gumbo Group organizes special 
events and concerts using local and international talent, as well as developing related projects 
such as books, movies, TV shows and artist management. The company owns the Dubai Music 
Week I 
) in partnership with the Government of Dubai's World 
Trade Centre. 
• 
Established Full Moon Productions (FMP), a company based in Los Angeles and partnered with 
EMJAG Digital and Paramount Pictures to create new media film content. FMP has also 
partnered with a number of other production houses in the production of films with Middle-
Eastern themes. 
• 
Founded Collo Fashion (UK) and Persicus Inc (USA), which specialize in the manufacturing and 
marketing of high-end consumer products worldwide. 
• 
Founded Omniway Properties Ltd (UK), which targets European property development. 
EFTA00589855
--- PAGE 3 ---
Philanthropy / Non-Profit 
• 
Founded the Pearl Initiative (www.pearlinitiative.org) in partnership with the United Nations 
Office for Partnerships, which spearheads activities and projects to promote a corporate 
culture of best business practices with respect to governance, accountability, transparency and 
smart CSR activities within the Middle East. 
• 
Launched the Middle East Theatre Academy with Kevin Spacey to promote the art of theatre 
across the MENA Region, and to provide a platform for youth to discover the world of theatre 
and express their talents in the disciplines of writing, directing, producing and acting. 
• 
Appointed Middle East Ambassador for the Charter for Compassion, initiated by renowned 
historian Karen Armstrong, which is a summons to creative, practical and sustained action to 
meet the political, moral, religious, social and cultural challenges of our time. Badr's role is to 
promote conversation across cultural divides in furtherance of the principles of the Charter. 
• 
Serves as a member of the Synergos Arab World Social Innovators (AWSI) Program Board of 
Governors. 
• 
A member of the Global Board for Education for Employment (EFE), whose mission is to create 
job opportunities for unemployed youth in the Middle East and North Africa by providing 
world-class professional and technical training that leads directly to career-building jobs. 
• 
A founding member of the Board for Endeavor UAE, an initiative focused on encouraging 
entrepreneurship in the Gulf Region. 
• 
Has a keen personal interest in contemporary art and is a dedicated supporter and patron of 
upcoming artists in the Gulf Region of the Middle East. Appointed member of the Guggenheim 
Middle Eastern Circle and the Artistic Director's Circle of The Old Vic Theatre Trust. 
Education 
• 
Active member of the Young Presidents' Organization, serving as Ex-Officio of the YPO 
Emirates Chapter. 
• 
On the International Advisory Board of Cambridge University Judge Business School and was 
elected to be Chair of the Alumni Advisory Council of the Cambridge University Judge Business 
School. 
• 
A member of the Business Advisory Council of the American University of Sharjah. 
• 
A member of the Research and Innovation Advisory Council for The Centre of Excellence for 
Applied Research & Training (CERT) at the Higher Colleges of Technology (HCT) in Abu Dhabi. 
EFTA00589856
--- PAGE 4 ---
Awards 
• 
In 2013, Badr was named Philanthropist of the Year at the Campden Middle East Philanthropy 
Awards, in recognition of his commitment to social entrepreneurship in the Middle East. 
• 
Esquire Middle East recognized Badr's passion for entrepreneurship in their 2013 Middle East 
Awards, by naming him Entrepreneur of the Year. 
• 
In 2012, Badr was honored as Ambassador for Small World. The Small World Organisation 
aims to generate awareness of child related issues around the world and raises funds to 
support NGOs who actively work with children. 
• 
Badr was honored as a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in 2011 for his 
professional accomplishments, commitment to society and potential to contribute to shaping 
the future of the world through inspiring leadership. He is currently Vice-Chair of their Global 
Agenda Council on Energy Security. 
• 
In 2010, the State of New York's CITYarts honoured Badr with their Making a Difference 
through the Arts award for his outstanding philanthropic leadership within the private sector, 
and in particular his commitment and support towards children's rights. 
• 
Badr was named Energy CEO of the Year at the 2010 Middle East CEO Awards, in recognition of 
his achievements in the energy industry within the Middle East and North Africa, and the 
strategic nature of his accomplishments in building important global partnerships. 
• 
Badr was named Young CEO of the Year at the 2009 Middle East CEO Awards, in recognition of 
his achievements, leadership qualities and commitment to advancing the strategic goals of the 
organizations for which he is responsible. 
Affiliations 
Abu Dhabi Music & Arts Foundation (ADMAF) 
Ashoka 
▪ Association 
of 
International 
Petroleum 
Negotiators 
▪ B-20 Investments and Infrastructure Taskforce 
(Member) 
Cherie Blair Foundation for Women 
 Education for Employment (EFE) 
• Endeavor 
 EWS-WWF (Emirates Wildlife Society) 
 Guggenheim Middle Eastern Circle 
• Happy Hearts Foundation 
 HSH Prince Albert's Philanthropy Roundtable 
(Committee Member) 
 Judge Business School 
 Kevin Spacey Foundation 
• New York CITYarts 
• Save The Children (STC) 
• Sharjah Art Foundation 
• Society of Petroleum Engineers 
▪ START (Member of the Honorary Committee) 
▪ Synergos Institute 
ir TED 
The Centre for New Diplomacy (CFND) 
The Charter for Compassion 
 The Old Vic Theatre (Artistic Director's Circle) 
 The Quincy Jones Foundation 
• United Nations Office for Partnerships 
• WEF Global Agenda Council on Energy Security 
• Welfare Association 
• World Economic Forum — Young Global Leader 
 X-PRIZE Foundation 
▪ Young Presidents' Organization 
EFTA00589857

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589858.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589858.pdf
----------------------------------------
View Sarah's full profile. It's free! 
Summary 
Cape Corporate Tours offer the following services: 2 hour, half day, full day, individual chauffeur rides and 
larger group with a maximum capacity of 100 bikes (professionally marshaled). This is suitable for 
corporate events like team building and incentive schemes as well as overseas touring groups and national 
visitors. We also cater for bachelor/bachelorette parties, weddings, sunset, picnic, wine tasting and safely 
guided township tours. 
This is not only an exhilarating way to explore a new destination but is a completely unique experience, 
which can be enjoyed by all. 
For the more experienced rider as long as they provide valid clean bike license, have the opportunity to 
rent the motorcycles themselves. Again this is a fantastic way to explore the beauties of South Africa. 
For the more avid, adventurous rider we also supply BMW GS 8o0,1200 for rental. Perfect for those off 
road adventures. 
Please contact for prices. 
EFTA00589858

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589859.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589859.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gulfstream 
PRODUCT SUPPORT 
PROPOSAL 
Prepared for 
Presented by 
Gulfstream GIV Serial Number 1085 
JEGE, LLC 
Mr. Larry Visoslri 
Rusty Cramer 
Regional Sales Manager, Gulfstream Aerospace 
Gulfstream Proposal # 
RO1 
February 2016 
EFTA00589859
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
PART I. Workscope Description 
A. Interior Refurbishment 
B. Avionics Cabin Electronics 
C. Mechanical  
D. Paint 
PART II. Contingencies and Assumptions of Proposal Offer 
A. Estimated Leadtime 
B. Estimated Downtime 
C. Pricing And Scheduling Terms 
D. General Contingencies 
E. Addendum To Proposal And Work Authorization Terms And Conditions  
PART III. Payment Terms and Remittance Instructions  
PART IV. Executive Summary and Proposal Acceptance 
EFTA00589860
--- PAGE 3 ---
ID # 
RO1 
February 2016 
Gulfstream GN Serial Number 1085 
JEGE. LLC 
PART I. Workscope Description 
A. INTERIOR REFURBISHMENT 
AIM 
Not Requested 
B. AVIONICS / CABIN ELECTRONICS 
1. Avionics 
1.1 ASC 477 NZ 2010 V6.1 - TRIPLE 
$168,250 
This Aircraft Service Change upgrades the existing NZ-2000 Flight Management Systems (FMS), via installation of 
version 6.1 software, to an NZ-2010 system with SBAS/LPV GPS upgrade. 
New Components: 
Two (2) Honeywell WAAS Capable GPS Receivers (Part Number (PN) HG2021KB01) 
Two (2) WAAS Capable GPS Antennas (PN S67-1575-137) 
One (1) ASC 477 Kit, NZ-2000 Flight Management System (FMS) 6.1 Upgrade. 
Modified Components: 
Three (3) each Honeywell NZ-2000 Navigation Computers (PN 7018879-030xx to 7018879-03036) 
Two (2) each Honeywell PZ-800 Performance Computers (PN 7004609-xxx to 7004609-940) 
Performance computers not at a minimum level of PN 7004609-925 will require additional upgrades not covered by 
this installation. Additional charges will apply. 
Prerequisites: 
• 
NZ-2000 Computers: Hardware Mod "E". For units without this modification, Honeywell Service Bulletin 7018879-
34-0051 (Pub. No. A21- 6111-004) will be required. Estimated additional cost is $2,600/unit. 
• 
PZ-800 Computers: Part Number 7004609-925. For units not at the -925 level or higher, additional modifications 
are required and will be addressed on a time and material basis. 
• 
The aircraft must currently be equipped with dual Global Positioning System (GPS) receivers. 
• 
Aircraft Serial Numbers 1000 through 1389: GPS #1 and #2 installations not installed by Gulfstream STC 
ST01716AT-D will require engineering review prior to incorporation of this ASC. 
• 
Existing FMS #1 and #2 installations must match Gulfstream STC ST01715AT-D or equivalent prior to 
incorporation. 
Concurrent Requirements: None 
Training: Pilot familiarization and training for Honeywell's FMS 6.1 software is offered through the Honeywell PC-FMS 
Training tool. Operators may order the tool at I 
or send an email to 
Effectivity: This Service Change is applicable to Gulfstream IV aircraft Serial Numbers 1000 through 1252 having ASC 
349 or equivalent, and 1253 and subsequent. 
Certification: Per Gulfstream ASC 477 Navigation (ATA 34) NZ-2000 6.1 Software Upgrade with SBAS/LPV GPS 
Upgrade. 
Notes: 
• 
Price includes interior access, installation labor, the ASC Kit and associated materials. 
• 
The design of an Aircraft Service Change (ASC) is configured to a standard ("greenie") production aircraft. If 
spare wires, pin connections or locations called out in the ASC have been used for other modification, additional 
charges may apply. 
• 
This ASC may only be installed at Gulfstream Aerospace or Gulfstream- approved facilities. 
• 
All resources for this Service Change are managed by Gulfstream Product Support. Please contact your Regional 
Sales Manager to coordinate the availability of components and installation. 
• 
This ASC does NOT include Approval Guidance for RNP Procedures with SAAAR (Special Aircraft and Aircrew 
Approval Required). 
Page 3 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Micah 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. October 15. 2015 
EFTA00589861
--- PAGE 4 ---
;i 11kt 
ID # 
R01 
February 2016 
Gulfstream GN Serial Number 1085 
AGE. LLC 
PART I. Workscope Description (continued) 
B. AVIONICS CABIN ELECTRONICS 
1. Avionics (continued) 
1.2 Synthetic Vision (PDSV) - Provisions 
$35,000 
• 
Provision for Synthetic Vision (PDSV) will be installed. 
• 
New SVS SEL switches will be installed on the Pilot and Co-pilots Glareshield and placarded INOP. 
• 
A new wiring interface will be installed between the existing Honeywell Symbol Generators (SG's), Traffic Alert 
and Collision Avoidance System (TCAS), Global Positioning System (GPS) and the Cockpit Display Units (DU's). 
Prerequisites: 
• 
ASC 476 - DU-885 Indicating / Recording Systems (ATA 31) Electronic Display System DU-885 Liquid Crystal 
Display (LCD) Installation (PlaneDeck). 
• 
ASC 477 - NZ 2010 6.1 Software with SBAS/LPV GPS Installation. 
Certification: This installation will be accomplished under a Gulfstream STC. Deviations from the STC (if required) 
would be completed on a Time and Material basis or quoted separately on a Work Change Request (WCR). 
Notes: 
• 
These are provisions only. The Symbol Generators (SG's) and Cockpit Display Units (DU's) will require software 
upgrades and modifications to activate the Synthetic Vision (PDSV) capability. Additional charges will apply. 
• 
Synthetic Vision activation is predicated on completion of the Gulfstream STC. Please contact your Gulfstream 
Regional Sales Manager (RSM) for current STC status. 
• 
The cost of this item will be deducted from the final PDSV installation price when the Customers elect to complete 
the installation. 
1.3 ASC 476B V1.10 Software Enhancements 
Warranty 
Comply with the Revision B of ASC 476, installation of Barco Service Bulletin SBAv606167B. 
Warranty: The Display Unit retrofit upgrade to Software Version, V1.10 will be provided at No Charge (NC) if 
performed at a Gulfstream GIV Authorized Warranty Facility or Factory Authorized Service Center within twenty-four 
(24) months of the release date (08 August 2014) of this revision. 
Prerequisites: ASC 476 or ASC 476A Indicating / Recording Systems (ATA 31), Electronic Display System — DU-885 
Liquid Crystal Display (LCD) Installation (PlaneDeck) and having Display Units, PN K9321061A02 (Black) or Part 
Number 9321061A11 (Grey). 
Notes: 
• 
This ASC is managed by Product Support Program Management (PSPM) and may only be installed at Gulf stream 
erosoace or GuItstr am- 
Thies. Incorporation must be coordinated through Gulfstream Scheduling at 
 or 
. If not scheduled, aircraft downtime could increase significantly. 
• 
Only qualified personnel specifically trained and equipped may accomplish the Barco Service Bulletin, 
SBAv606167B REV 00 (or later revision). 
1.4 ASC 415B Indicating and Recording - Upgrade SPZ-8000/8400 
$28,744 
This Service Change Revision upgrades the Fault Warning Computers (FWC) and, in some cases, the Symbol 
Generators (SG).  For a detailed description of the improvements offered with this upgrade, please log in to your 
portal and review the "SPZ-8000 Modification Summary" listed on page 8 of ASC 415B. 
Prerequisites: None 
Effectivity: This Service Change is effective for GIV Aircraft 1000-1472. This or a similar change will be installed in 
production on Aircraft 1473 and subsequent. 
Note: This proposal does not include any squawks, pre-existing discrepancies or vendor Service Bulletins that may be 
required, except as specified. If required, this additional work will be handled on the basis of time and materials. 
Page 4 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Micah 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. October 15. 2015 
EFTA00589862
--- PAGE 5 ---
t 
I I
ID rr S 
801 
February 2016 
Gulfstream GN Serial Number 1085 
JEGE, LLC 
PART I. Workscope Description (continued) 
C. MECHANICAL 
2. Aircraft Maintenance 
Z1 12 Month CMP Tasks (Labor Only) 
$6,386 
Accomplish 12 Month CMP Tasks. (Exhibit 1) 
Notes: 
• 
Correction of discrepancies is not included in the quoted price. 
• 
Due List projected through 31 December 2016. 
2.2 24 Month CMP Tasks (Labor Only) 
$37,063 
Accomplish 24 Month CMP Tasks. (Exhibit 2) 
Notes: 
• 
Correction of discrepancies is not included in the quoted price. 
• 
Due List projected through 31 December 2016. 
2.3 36 Month CMP Tasks (Labor Only) 
$32,621 
Accomplish 36 Month CMP Tasks. (Exhibit 3) 
Notes: 
• 
Correction of discrepancies is not included in the quoted price. 
• 
Due List projected through 31 December 2016. 
• 
If Cadmium Plating Degradation is found during the Wing Tank Internal Inspection, estimated repairs cost can be 
$35.000 in labor and materials depending on the condition of the aircraft. 
2.4 150 Hour CMP Tasks (Labor Only) 
$1,527 
Accomplish 150 Hour CMP Tasks. (Exhibit 4) 
Notes: 
• 
Correction of discrepancies is not included in the quoted price. 
• 
Due List projected through 31 December 2016. 
2.5 150 Cycle CMP Tasks (Labor Only) 
$833 
Accomplish 150 Cycle CMP Tasks. (Exhibit 5) 
Notes: 
• 
Correction of discrepancies is not included in the quoted price. 
• 
Due List projected through 31 December 2016. 
2.6 Miscellaneous CMP Tasks (Labor Only) 
$15,686 
Accomplish Miscellaneous CMP Tasks. (Exhibit 6) 
Notes: 
• 
Correction of discrepancies is not included in the quoted price. 
• 
Due List projected through 31 December 2016. 
Page 5 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Dlirseb 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. October 15. 2015 
EFTA00589863
--- PAGE 6 ---
;1 lilS11)%it i ( 
ID a s 
R01 
February 2016 
Gulfstream GN Serial Number 1085 
JEGE. LLC 
PART I. Workscope Description (continued) 
2. Aircraft Maintenance (continued) 
2.7 CB 227 Replacement, Oxygen System Flexible Hoses (Labor Not to Exceed) 
$11,425 
This Customer Bulletin (CB 227) is a one-time action to replace all existing Part Number O202071 oxygen system 
flexible hoses with Part Number 37009 oxygen system flexible hoses. 
Effectivity: Aircraft Serial Numbers 1000 through 1499. 
Notes: 
• 
Estimated labor includes access to the affected oxygen system dropdown box flexible hoses. This includes 
access to oxygen drop-down boxes located in Personal Services Units (PSUs), as well as removal and 
reinstallation of headliners in the vestibule, forward galley, forward lavatory, crew rest, aft galley, or aft lavatory as 
necessary, and includes access to the therapeutic oxygen system. 
• 
The quoted price does not include removal of any cabinetry, cabin furniture or cabin compartment dividers. 
2.8 CB 232A Modification, Aircraft Main Battery Chargers 
See Below 
Not Applicable to this aircraft per equipment installed 
This Customer Bulletin (CB 232A) is a one-time action to incorporate ELDEC Service Bulletin 8-842-24-02. 
Effectivity: All GIV Aircraft having part number 1159SCAV520 Series battery chargers 
Notes: 
• 
This Customer Bulletin is a managed program and must be accomplished at a Gulfstream Aerospace authorized 
facility. This Customer Bulletin must be coordinated through he Gulfstream Pro  ram 
ffi 
vi 
mail at 
or by calling Gulfstream Scheduling at 
1. or 
. If not 
scheduled, down times could increase significantly. 
• 
1159SCAV520-5 Battery Chargers within (spares warranty) will be modified free of charge to 1159SB57520-11 or 
may be replaced with 1159SCAV520-7. Operators choosing to replace the 1159SCAV520-5 with 1159SCAV520-7 
will incur additional costs. 
• 
Materials will be billed, as required. 
2.9 CB 235 - Main Landing Gear Door Actuator End Cap Replacement - Life Limit (Labor Only) 
$3,936 
Materials as Required 
 (See Notes) 
This Customer Bulletin is a one-time action to replace all main landing gear door actuators that have been identified 
per CB 234 as having 9,500 Cycles Since New (CSN) or greater and all main landing gear door actuators for which 
CSN cannot be determined. 
Effectivity: All GIV aircraft 
Compliance: Compliance with this Customer Bulletin is required within twelve (12) months from the original issue date 
of 01 July 2015. 
Notes: 
• 
Contact Gulfstream Repair Control at 
or 800-810-4853 Option 1, then Option 3 for 
actuator rental / exchange availability and repair schedule prior to removing actuator(s) from the aircraft. 
• 
This Customer Bulletin is a managed program and must be scheduled through Gulfstream Repair Control. 
Gulfstream will manage a limited component rental / exchange pool. Operators performing this Customer Bulletin 
may elect to utilize the rental / exchange pool while the end caps on their original components are replaced. Due 
to a limited availability of assets, failure to schedule could result in significantly increased downtime. 
Page 6 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Dlirseh 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. October 15. 2015 
EFTA00589864
--- PAGE 7 ---
Giv 
ID 
R01 
February 2016 
Gulfstream GN Serial Number 1085 
JEGE, LLC 
PART I. Workscope Description (continued) 
D. PAI 
Not Requested 
Page 7 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Dfitseh 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. October 15. 2015 
EFTA00589865
--- PAGE 8 ---
i II 1.`,11) 
i ( 
ri 
ID or 
R01 
February 2016 
Gulfstream GN Serial Number 1085 
JEGE. LLC 
PART II. Contingencies and Assumptions of Proposal Offer 
Unless expressly stated otherwise in writing, this proposal and the Workscope pricing information included in Part I 
Workscope, (-Proposer) is based upon the following contingencies and assumptions associated with the activity and work 
required for the work scope defined in Part I Workscope (-Work-). Additional charges for any Customer-approved Work 
ultimately performed on Gulfstream GIV aircraft, Serial Number 1085 ("Aircraft"), which is beyond the scope of this 
Proposal will be billed on a time and materials basis, except as otherwise expressly agreed in writing between the parties. 
The term Customer shall refer to JEGE, LLC ("Customer) in this Proposal. 
A. ESTIMATED LEADTIME: 
This Proposal provides for leadtimes. Leadtime is an estimate expressed in calendar days to allow for planning and 
scheduling of the Aircraft service visit. Leadtimes commence upon Gulfstream's receipt of Customer's signed Proposal 
and material callout selections. Leadtimes may be addressed by other relevant contingencies set out in this Proposal. 
B. ESTIMATED DOWNTIME: 
This Proposal provides for downtime. Any downtime estimates included in this Proposal are based upon Gulfstream's 
general understanding of the time required to accomplish the work outlined in this Proposal. Said understanding is in turn 
based upon Customer satisfying any leadtime requirements. Estimated downtime may be adjusted depending on the final 
induction schedule and mutually agreed facility selected for completion of the Work. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
expression of downtime is only provided as an estimate. This estimate is not a contractual commitment by Gulfstream. 
Estimated downtime is stated in working days, defined as Monday through Friday, excluding applicable recognized local 
holidays. If additional Work is required beyond that specifically identified in this Proposal, then the estimated downtime 
may be extended by Gulfstream. Estimated downtime may increase or decrease depending upon the availability of the 
mutually agreed facility selected for completion of the Work. 
C. PRICING AND SCHEDULING TERMS: 
This Proposal is contingent on all Work being accomplished during a single coordinated maintenance visit. 
The quoted prices contained herein are valid (i) if the Proposal is signed and returned to Gulfstream within ninety (90) 
days of the date of the Proposal, and (ii) the Work is scheduled to be accomplished at a mutually agreeable facility and 
time within six (6) months from the date of this Proposal, and within the same calendar year as the date of this Proposal. 
Gulfstream reserves the right to adjust the pricing in this Proposal it the foregoing conditions are not satisfied. 
Unless otherwise indicated on the face of this Proposal, any proposal for Work in a Gulfstream US facility is valid for each 
Gulfstream US facility. Proposals for work at any non-US Gulfstream facilities are specific and binding only as to the 
facility identified on the Proposal. 
Overtime: Gulfstream will not charge overtime for the Work required in this Proposal, unless there are (i) Discovered 
Discrepancies as addressed below, (ii) Changes documented on Work Change Requests (WCRs) as described below, or 
(iii) Customer requests to accelerate the estimated downtime for any Work. Customer must approve all overtime activity 
prior to Gulfstream performing and billing for overtime. 
Discovered Discrepancies: Except as specifically identified in PART I Workscope, this Proposal does not include repairs 
to the Aircraft resulting from discrepancies in the Aircraft (including without limitation corrosion) discovered during the 
performance of the agreed Workscope. All discovered discrepancies will be corrected upon request at additional charge 
and with additional downtime. This process is further described in the Changes (VCRs") paragraph. 
Page 8 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Dlirseh 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. Ocioter 15. 2015 
EFTA00589866
--- PAGE 9 ---
ID # S 
RO1 
February 2016 
Gulfstream GIV Serial Number 1085 
JEGE. LLC 
PART II. Contingencies and Assumptions of Proposal Offer (continued) 
C. PRICING AND SCHEDULING TERMS (continued) 
Changes ("WCRs"): This Proposal is subject to further financial and schedule modification, which will be documented on 
work change requests ("WCRs") presented to the Customer for approval, if any of the following occurs: 
• 
Subsequent to the date of this Proposal, a relevant aviation regulatory authority or OEM (including Gulfstream) 
publishes any change in relevant technical documentation which affects the Workscope. 
• 
Additional billable work, which is not specifically delineated in the Workscope, is required to perform the quoted 
Workscope. This additional work may include by way of example relocation of existing aircraft equipment, beyond 
that already defined in the Workscope, due to space limitations. 
Consumables: There will be a 4.0% charge for consumables, to a maximum of $5,000, on all work orders containing 
labor revenue charges. This charge will be calculated based on the total labor revenue man-hours invoiced on the work 
order. Only invoices defined as 'Road Trip Invoice- will be exempt from this charge. 
CFE, Drop Shipments and Handling Fees: Customer furnished parts or equipment ('CFE-) and drop shipments made 
by the Customer to Gulf stream will be subject to a handling fee of 15% based on current manufacturer list price of the part 
or item furnished. The handling fee will not apply to parts originally purchased from Gulfstream. Proof of purchase from 
Gulfstream must be shown to waive the handling fee. 
Third Party Vendors: Any estimates given for vendor parts, materials, or services provided to Gulfstream by outside 
vendors, whether for repair, calibration, overhaul, exchange or the like, are subject to adjustment based upon the actual 
charges billed to Gulfstream by such outside entity. 
Excluded fees, taxes, etc.: All prices stated herein are exclusive of freight, fuel, flight costs, environmental fees, and/or 
any applicable taxes. 
Exchange Services — Retention of Removed Equipment: Any parts exchanged as part of the Workscope, and related 
price adjustments will be governed by Gulfstream's then current parts exchange program. Except as specifically identified 
in PART I Workscope, equipment removed as part of the Workscope will become the property of Gulfstream. 
PlaneParts©: Except as specifically identified in a PART I Workscope. this Proposal does not take into account any parts 
provided at no charge under Gulfstream's PlaneParts© oroaram. To enroll or learn  more about the PlaneParts© program 
please visit 
D. GENERAL CONTINGENCIES: 
Requirement for Customer Furnished Records: This Proposal is based upon the Aircraft being in the configuration, 
and containing the equipment, as indicated in Gulfstream CMP records and any records supplied by Customer to support 
this Proposal. 
This Proposal is also contingent upon the Customer supplying, upon induction or within leadtimes, all avionic, electrical, 
system, interior or structural drawings, diagrams, analysis and records, which accurately represent the current condition of 
the aircraft ("Customer Records"), as approved by the relevant aviation authority, and which are required by Gulfstream to 
conduct the Work. 
Any changes which are required to be made by Gulfstream to the Customer Records, or due to the inadequacy of the 
Customer Records, in connection with the Work, will be subject to additional charges. These additional charges will be 
documented pursuant to the Changes ("WCRs") clause and subject to Customer approval. 
Page 9 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Dlifseh 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. October 15. 2015 
EFTA00589867
--- PAGE 10 ---
fv: 
ID v 
R01 
February 2016 
Gulfstream GN Serial Number 1085 
JEGE. LLC 
PART II. Contingencies and Assumptions of Proposal Offer (continued) 
D. GENERAL CONTINGENCIES: (continued) 
General Exceptions: Except as specifically identified in PART I Workscope: 
• 
Aircraft Preservation: This Proposal does not include any preservation tasks related to the Aircraft, its engines 
or systems. Customer is responsible for making certain that all specific preservation tasks related to the Aircraft, 
its engines or systems, which are required or may become required while the Aircraft is at Gulf stream's facility for 
the Workscope. are identified on the Work Order. 
• 
Certification Basis: All Work to be accomplished by Gulfstream under the Workscope, assumes the Aircraft is 
operated in compliance with FAR Part 91 or the equivalent not-for hire operating rules of the relevant aviation 
authority. 
• 
Non-standard Equipment: Gulfstream is not responsible for vendor to vendor incompatibilities which may be 
discovered during the course of the installation. 
• 
Manuals — Modifications: Changes to the Aircraft's Completion Center Maintenance Handbook (CCMH) or 
Cabin Operating Manual (COM) are not included as part of this Proposal. Should a modified CCMH or COM be 
requested by the Customer, it may be provided at additional charge. Any changes to the Aircraft's Minimum 
Equipment List ("MEL") are the Customer's responsibility and are not included herein. 
• 
Access, Closure, Removal and Replacement: Access and closure, removal and replacement required to 
perform the Workscope are not included as a part of this Proposal. 
Touch-Up Paint: For aircraft with standard Gulfstream paint schemes (one (1) base color and two (2) stripes), the sealing 
and touch-up (by brush) of panels is included in the Workscope. Aircraft with non-standard paint schemes will be subject 
to an additional charge for the additional time required to complete the paint touch-up. 
Unused Wiring: Any existing wiring or tubing made obsolete by the Work will be capped and stowed. Wiring or tubing 
removal, if requested by the Customer, will be at additional charge. 
Termination after acceptance of Proposal: Unless the Customer has specifically directed otherwise, once the Proposal 
is signed and returned to Gulf stream, and prior to the Workscope being scheduled in accordance with Section C Pricing 
and Scheduling Terms, this Proposal shall be binding upon Gulfstream as to the prices set forth herein. All preliminary 
engineering materials and components ordered to support the Workscope. any labor expended, any restock charges 
incurred, and any other direct costs supporting the Workscope are chargeable to the Customer if the proposed 
Workscope is thereafter canceled by the Customer. If materials or components cannot be returned to their respective 
vendor(s), Customer will be billed in full for these items. In such case, the materials and components become the property 
of the Customer. If the Work is rescheduled for a later arrival, these charges will be applied to the rescheduled visit, as 
appropriate. 
Confidentiality: This Proposal and any related documents are strictly confidential between Gulfstream and Customer and 
will not, without the prior written consent of the other party, be disclosed by either party, in whole or in part, to any third 
party except to such party's accountants, lawyers, and bankers, and Gulfstream's suppliers, provided such third parties 
agree to confidentiality as may be necessary for either party to carry out its obligations or enforce its rights pursuant to this 
Proposal. 
E. ADDENDUM TO PROPOSAL AND WORK AUTHORIZATION TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Not Applicable 
Page 10 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Dlitseh 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. October 15. 2015 
EFTA00589868
--- PAGE 11 ---
G 
ID a 
R01 
February 2016 
Gulfstream GN Serial Number 1085 
JEGE, LLC 
PART III. Payment Terms and Remittance Instructions 
For customers with available credit, and except as set forth below, payment terms are net 30 days from date of invoice. 
Unless otherwise agreed in writing, for Work estimated to exceed $100,000, Customer agrees to make progress 
payments on the following schedule: 50% of the estimated amount prior to commencement of Work on the Aircraft, and 
final payment of the remaining 50% 30 days from the date of final invoice. Additional deposits may be required for long-
lead or special purchased parts, which are not refundable. should the visit be cancelled or work scope changed to 
eliminate those items. Additional deposits may also be requested if there is a significant amount of growth in the scope of 
the Work, including significant material costs. If any portion of an invoice is disputed, then Customer shall nevertheless 
pay all undisputed amounts per this schedule. Gulfstream shall not be required to release Customers Aircraft to depart if 
Customers total outstanding balance owed to the Gulfstream Parties exceeds the lesser of $150,000.00 or Customer's 
available credit limit. All sums past due bear interest at the lesser of 1.5% per month, or the maximum rate allowable by 
law, plus reimbursement for attorney fees and other costs of collection. For customers without available credit, including 
those without open credit terms (cash in advance, cash on delivery, etc.), as additional items are added to the Work, 
additional progress payments may be required to continue Work on the Aircraft and all remaining outstanding balances 
must be paid prior to Aircraft departure. 
See the Work Authorization terms and conditions for further details on payment terms. 
If Applicable, Aircraft Records and Condition Survey ("ARCS"). ARCS fees are payable in advance of the inspection 
being performed. Acceptable methods of payment related to ARCS and supporting aircraft sales transactions include 
payment via wire transfer/ACH, certified check and Gulfstream accepted credit card. Costs incurred in remediation of 
discrepancies documented during the ARCS or required in conjunction with the supporting aircraft sales transaction are 
immediately due upon completion of the ARCS and prior to the departure of the aircraft. This section applies to all 
customers, including those who have available credit. 
Remittance can be made to the following: 
Checks: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
(Overnight) Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation (Box #730349) 
P.O. Box 730349 
c/o JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA 
Dallas. TX 75373-0349 
Attn: Dallas National Wholesale Lockbox TX1-0029 
14800 Frye Road 
Ft. Worth, TX 76155 
Wire Transfer Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
Instructions: 
JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA 
Bank One Plaza 
Chicago, IL 60670 
Account No. 10-15825 
Reference your Five (5) Digit Customer Number (XX-XXX) 
Bank 
Fedwire Routing No. (ABA) 021 000 021 
Identifiers: 
S.W.I.F.T CHASUS33 
ACH Credit Routing No. (ABA) 071 000 013 
Note: Please reference the Quote ID Number and one of the following (as applicable): 
• 
Invoice Number 
• 
Sales Order Number 
• 
Job or Work Order Number 
• 
Aircraft Serial or Registration Number 
• 
Customer Account Number 
Page 11 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Dlitseh 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. October 15. 2015 
EFTA00589869
--- PAGE 12 ---
in, 
ID ir 
801 
February 2016 
Gulfstream GN Serial Number 1085 
AGE. LLC 
PART IV. Executive Summary and Proposal Acceptance 
Please select items in Accept/Decline columns. Once an item is accepted, the amount will auto populate the total. (Please 
note that quoted dollars and downtime may vary based on concurrent work with accepted/declined items.) 
A. INTERIOR 
B. AVIONICS / CABIN ELECTRONICS 
ASC 477 NZ 2010 V6.1 - TRIPLE 
Synthetic Vision (PDSV) - Provisions 
ASC 476B V1.10 Software Enhancements 
ASC 415B Indicating and Recording - Upgrade SPZ-800018400 
1.1 
1.2 
1.3 
1.4 
C. MECHANICAL 
Aircraft Maintenance 
2.1 
Month CMP Tasks 
2.2 
Month CMP Tasks 
2.3 
Month CMP Tasks 
2.4 
150 Hour CMP Tasks 
2.5 
150 Cycle CMP Tasks 
2.6 
Miscellaneous CMP Tasks 
2.7 
CB 227 Replacement, Oxygen System Flexible Hoses 
2.8 
CB 232A Modification, Aircraft Main Battery Chargers 
2.9 
CB 235 - Main Landing Gear Door Actuator End Cap Replacement - Life Limit 
(USD) 
Accept Decline 
$168.250 
$35,000 
See Item 
$28.744 
D. PAINT 
QUOTED WORKSCOPE TOTAL BASED ON CUSTOMER ACCEPTED ITEMS 
'Default value Is set to SO until Customer selections have been made above. 
$6.386 
$37,063 
$32.621 
$1,527 
$833 
$15,686 
$11.425  
I 
See Item 
$3.936 
Estimates based on Quoted Workscope 
, Materials/Outside Services for CMP Inspection Package(s)' 
$13,150 
The estimated amount includes items marked with an *X" on the attached CMP Exhibit(s). The estimates are for planning purposes only 
and are subject to pricing and availability at the time of aircraft induction. 
Page 12 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Dlitseh 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. October 15. 2015 
EFTA00589870
--- PAGE 13 ---
ID # S 
R01 
February 2016 
Gulfstream GN Serial Number 1085 
JEGE, LLC 
PART IV. Executive Summary and Proposal Acceptance (continued) 
Schedule Planning 
Estimated Days 
Estimated Leadtime' 
See Note 
'The above leadtime is an estimate expressed in calendar days to allow for planning and scheduling of the Aircraft service visit and will 
commence upon Gulfstream's receipt of Customer's signed Proposal and material callout selections. Leadtimes may be addressed by 
other relevant contingencies set out in this Proposal. 
Note: This proposal contains items that are managed programs. Please contact your Regional Sales Manager for leadtime. Typical 
leadtimes for this item/workscope are 30 calendar days. 
Estimated Downtime' 
Working Days 
2The above downtime estimate is based upon Gulfstream's general understanding of the time required to accomplish the work outlined in 
this Proposal. Said understanding is in turn based upon Customer satisfying any leadtime requirements. Estimated downtime may be 
adjusted depending on the final induction schedule and mutually agreed facility selected for completion of the Work. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any expression of downtime is only provided as an estimate. This estimate is not a contractual commitment by Gulfstream. 
Estimated downtime is stated in working days. defined as Monday through Friday. excluding applicable recognized local holidays. If 
additional Work is required beyond that specifically identified in this Proposal, then the estimated downtime may be extended by 
Gulfstream. Estimated downtime may increase or decrease depending upon the availability of the mutually agreed facility selected for 
completion of the Work. 
Input Facility 
Gulfstream West Palm Beach 
1500C Perimeter Road 
West Palm Beach. Florida 33406 
Main Phone: 
Note: Changes to facility input may affect downtime. Please contact your Regional Sales Manager. 
Quote Validity 
Pricing contained in this proposal is valid for 90 days from the date of this proposal. 
For further details/definition, see Part II Section C or li h r  
Pricing 
• 
This proposal supersedes proposal 
ROO dated 05 January 2016. 
• 
If Cadmium Plating Degradation is found during the Wing Tank Internal Inspection, estimated repairs cost can be 
$35,000 in labor and materials depending on the condition of the aircraft. 
Page 13 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
DIfseh 
GAC Rev. October 15. 2015 
Return to Table of Contents 
EFTA00589871
--- PAGE 14 ---
ID a 
R01 
February 2016 
Gulfstream GN Serial Number 1085 
JEGE. LLC 
PART IV. Executive Summary and Proposal Acceptance (continued) 
Upon acceptance of this Proposal, the prices and quotes stated herein (subject to all contingencies or other stated 
assumptions) constitute a formal Fixed Price Quote, which is included in Gulfstream's standard Work Authorization 
Agreement Terms and Conditions. Your acceptance of all or any portion of this Proposal confirms your acknowledgement 
that you have read and express agreement to be bound by these terms. 
This Proposal expressly incorporates by reference and is subject to Gulfstream's standard Work Authorization Agreement 
Terms and Conditions which are attached hereto as ATTACHMENT A. The Work Authorization, which will include a Work 
Order which details all items of Work to be accomplished during the service visit, including those items selected and 
documented by Customer from this Proposal, will constitute the agreement between the parties and will supersede this 
Proposal when executed by both parties. The Work Authorization will be signed at the Aircraft's induction into the agreed 
Gulfstream Service Center. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Proposal to be executed by their duly authorized representatives. 
Copies of a fully executed agreement. emailed between the parties will be effective as an original signed agreement. 
JEGE, LLC 
("Customer") 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORPORATION 
("Gulfstream") 
By: 
By: 
Name:  
Name: Rusty Cramer 
Title: 
Title: 
Regional Sales Manager, Product Support Sales 
Date: 
Date: 
February 2016 
Please complete and return all pages of PART IV via fax ( 
or email 
Page 14 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Dlitseh 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. Ocioter 15. 2015 
EFTA00589872
--- PAGE 15 ---
ATTACHMENT A 
WORK AUTHORIZATION AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1. AGREEMENT. 
This Work Authorization Agreement, including documents incorporated by reference, (the 
"Agreement") identifies the services and materials (the "Work") to be provided by Gulfstream. its employees, agents. 
representatives, and contractors, (collectively "Gulfstream") to the aircraft identified on the first page of this Agreement 
(the "Aircraft") plus the associated terms and conditions of the Agreement. "Customer" means collectively the customer 
identified on the first page hereof, and all owners, operators. lessors, lessees and insurers of the Aircraft. "Gulfstream 
Parties" means Gulfstream. General Dynamics Corporation and each of their affiliates, including without limitation the Jet 
Aviation companies ("Jet Aviation"), and all such entities' employees, agents. representatives and contractors. This 
Agreement is the parties' entire agreement concerning the Work and replaces prior verbal or written agreements with 
respect thereto. This Agreement's terms and conditions (but excluding changes in the scope of the Work and overtime 
authorizations) may not be altered except by a writing that expressly references this Agreement and is signed by 
authorized representatives of both parties. 
2. WORK CHANGES. Customer authorizes Gulfstream to expend labor and materials reasonably appropriate to the 
mutually agreed Work. Work changes (including requests for overtime) require mutual agreement of the parties. 
Customer's oral changes increasing the scope of the Work or approving overtime are binding (unless otherwise provided 
by law). Customer payment of the invoice for any additional Work item is customer acknowledgement that the additional 
item was mutually agreed upon as part of the Work. 
3. PRICING. Except as otherwise specifically agreed between the parties in writing, all Work (including engineering 
services) performed under this Agreement is on a TIME AND MATERIALS BASIS unless expressly subject to a formal 
fixed-price quote signed by both Gulfstream and Customer. ESTIMATES OF EXPECTED HOURS/MATERIAL 
COSTS ARE NOT QUOTES AND ARE BILLED SOLELY ON A TIME AND MATERIALS BASIS. For time and 
materials Work: (a) labor (including engineering services) is billed according to the rates set forth in the Gulfstream 
Aircraft Services Rate Letter in effect as of the date the Work is performed: and (b) materials are billed according to 
Gulfsueam's standard prices in effect on the date the material is used. Any incremental charge under Gulfsueam's 
Component Exchanged Program will be billed by supplementary invoice. 
4. PAYMENT TERMS. For customers with available credit, and except as set forth below, payment terms are net 30 
days from date of invoice. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, for Work estimated to exceed One Hundred Thousand 
Dollars ($100,000.00), Customer agrees to make progress payments on the following schedule: 50% of the estimated 
amount prior to commencement of Work on the Aircraft, and final payment of the remaining 50% 30 days from the date of 
final invoice. Additional deposits may be required for long-lead or special purchased parts, which are not refundable, 
should the visit be cancelled or work scope changed to eliminate those items. Additional deposits may also be requested if 
there is a significant amount of growth in the scope of the Work, including significant material costs. If any portion of an 
invoice is disputed, then Customer shall nevertheless pay all undisputed amounts per this schedule. Gulfstream shall not 
be required to release Customer's Aircraft to depart if Customer's total outstanding balance owed to the Gulfstream Parties 
exceeds the lesser of One Hundred Fifty Thousand ($150,000.00) or Customer's available credit limit. All sums past due 
bear interest at the lesser of 1.5% per month, or the maximum rate allowable by law, plus reimbursement for attorney fees 
and other costs of collection. For customers without available credit, including those without open credit terms (cash in 
advance, cash on delivery, etc.). as additional items are added to the Work, additional progress payments may be required 
to continue Work on the Aircraft and all remaining outstanding balances must be paid prior to Aircraft departure. 
5. TAXES. Customer is responsible for all Federal. State. local and foreign taxes, fees, levies. penalties, excises. 
charges, surcharges, import and export charges and other duties and tariffs (—Taxes") applicable to the Work performed 
hereunder, the materials used or transportation (other than taxes on income of Gulfstream) and Customer shall indemnify 
and hold Gulfstream harmless with respect thereto. 
5.1 Any and all payments by the Customer under the terms of this Agreement shall be exclusive of any Taxes. Customer 
shall bear, and shall indemnify Gulfstream for any such Taxes in the event they are or become due at any time in 
accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. Should customer be required by applicable law to withhold or deduct 
any Taxes from such payments, then the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required 
deductions, Gulfstream receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made. 
GAC Rev. Jan. 21.2016 
of 4 
EFTA00589873
--- PAGE 16 ---
6. WARRANTY. 
6.1 GENERAL. Gulfstream warrants that the Work conforms to the pertinent specifications prescribed by the applicable 
aircraft/component manufacturer, and that any components or other items supplied hereunder (but excluding Customer-
furnished items) are free from defects in material and workmanship. This warranty extends to defects discovered within 
twelve (12) months, or one thousand (1.000) flight hours, whichever comes first, after completion of the Work: except that 
the warranty period for any Work performed as warranty work is equal to the pre-existing unexpired warranty period. 
Pans qualifying for the "Exclusive Gulfstream Parts Warranty Extension" Program, or other extended published 
Gulfstream warranty programs, if any, are entitled to an extended warranty period pursuant to the terms of such programs 
as they exist on the date this Agreement is executed. To the extent that any Work is being performed as warranty work 
under a service center warranty originally extended by a Gulfstream Party to a prior owner or operator of the Aircraft, then 
this Agreement shall constitute an assignment of such original warranty to Customer except that the terms and conditions 
thereof shall be those in this Agreement (including Sections 7, 8 and all other disclaimers and limitations in this 
Agreement). 
6.2 REMEDY. Gulfstream's sole obligation for breach of warranty for Work other than inspection activities, and 
Customer's sole remedy. is limited to the repair. replacement or correction (at Gulfstream's reasonable discretion) of the 
defective Work. All parts and labor required for disassembly. removal, installation and reassembly of the defective item 
are Gulfstream's expense. but only if the Work is performed at a Gulfstream or Jet Aviation facility authorized to work on 
the applicable aircraft model. Gulfstream is not responsible for any costs or expenses associated with transporting the 
Aircraft or warranted items to any repair facility. Gulfstream's sole obligation for negligent or otherwise defective 
inspection activities, including any damage to an Aircraft that results from any alleged negligent inspection, and 
Customer's sole remedy, is limited to refund of any payments made by Customer for that portion of such inspection that 
was defective. 
6.3 ADDITIONAL REMEDY FOR COLLATERAL AIRCRAFT DAMAGE. 
63.1 
In addition to the warranty remedy provided in Section 6.2, but subject to Section 6.3.2 below, if any defective 
Work, negligence or willful misconduct of a Gulfstream Party related to performance of this Agreement causes damage to 
the Aircraft within the warranty period set out in Section 6.1. then as Customer's sole remedy Gulfstream will repair at no 
charge (as further described below) any such Aircraft damage that is directly and immediately caused by a Gulfstream 
Party. Such repairs will be accomplished at a Gulfstream or Jet Aviation facility authorized to work on the aircraft model, 
and on the same terms and conditions hereof (excluding payment obligations) using methods selected by Gulfstream in its 
reasonable discretion: provided, however, if Gulfstream reasonably deems the Aircraft to be damaged beyond economical 
repair, then the sole remedy is for Gulfstream to pay Customer the Aircraft's pre-damage fair market value and for 
Gulfstream to receive clear title thereto. 
63.2 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, Gulfstream's remedy obligations under this Agreement shall 
not include Aircraft damage that either (a) allegedly is caused by a negligent inspection where the damage occurs after 
completion of the Work or (b) is caused by a Right Operations Accident (as defined below) even if such accident is 
allegedly caused by a Gulfstream Party (including negligence of a Gulfstream employed flight crew member on the 
Aircraft). "Flight Operations Accident" means an accident or incident occurring between ramp movement for flight 
through takeoff, flight, landing, taxi and parking in which the Aircraft suffers damage from contact with the earth or other 
objects. 
6.4 TERNIINATION OF WARRANTY. The warranties and Gulfstream's obligations for the repair of Aircraft 
Damage set forth above in Section 6 are void if either the Aircraft or warranted item have been subjected to maintenance. 
overhaul, installation, storage. operation, or use which is improper or not in accordance with the aircraft/component 
manufacturer's instructions (including failure to comply with approved operating and maintenance manuals, instructions 
or bulletins. or customary maintenance or airmanship practices), or to any accident or casualty that proximately causes or 
contributes to the failure or substandard performance of the warranted item or further damage to the Aircraft. 
6.5 CUSTOMER'S OBLIGATIONS. Gulfstream's warranty obligations hereunder are expressly conditioned upon 
compliance with all of the following: Customer must provide Gulfstream with written notice within 60 days after the 
defect becomes apparent: Customer must return or otherwise dispose of the item at issue as directed by Gulfstream within 
days after receipt of Gulfstream's instructions: and Customer shall maintain and make available to Gulfstream all 
records (including FDR, CVR and other aircraft recorded data) reasonably related to the maintenance, use and condition of 
the item at issue. 
GAC Rev. Jan. 21.2016 
of 4 
EFTA00589874
--- PAGE 17 ---
7. DISCLAIMERS. THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES IN SECTION 6 OF THIS AGREEMENT ARE EXCLUSIVE 
AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES (EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTY OF TITLE) AND 
REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS (INCLUDING FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE) (COLLECTIVELY "EXCLUDED WARRANTIES"). Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, 
Customer, on behalf of itself and all owners, operators, lessors, lessees, and insurers of the Aircraft, hereby waives and 
releases all rights, claims, and remedies (through subrogation or otherwise) with respect to any and all Excluded 
Warranties, duties, obligations, and liabilities in tort or contract arising by law or otherwise from this Agreement or the 
Work, including: (I) liability for a Gulfstream Party's own negligence or (2) strict liability or product liability. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Section 7 does not modify the rights and obligations of Gulfstream and Customer (or owner of 
Aircraft if different from Customer), as expressly stated in any Gulfstream Aircraft Warranty Agreement between the 
parties. 
8. EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER DAMAGES. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, the Gulfstream 
Parties shall not be liable for punitive, special. incidental or consequential damages that arise from or relate in any way to 
this Agreement, or the Aircraft's presence at a Gulfstream Patty's facility as a result of this Agreement. whether arising 
out of contract, warranty, tort or by statute or otherwise. Such excluded damages include damages for loss of use, loss of 
time, inconvenience, diminution in value or commercial loss. THE EXCLUSION OF SUCH DAMAGES AS SET 
FORTH HEREIN SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, 
SHALL BE DEEMED INDEPENDENT OF ALL WARRANTIES, AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS 
AGREEMENT, AND SHALL SURVIVE ANY FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY 
WARRANTY OR LIMITED REMEDY UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
9. INCIDENTAL CUSTOMER PROPERTY. Gulfstream assumes no responsibility or liability for any Incidental 
Customer Property brought or delivered to Gulfstream's premises by Customer, whether on the Aircraft or otherwise. 
"Incidental Customer Property" is any item associated with the Aircraft, its crew, representatives of the Customer, or its 
passengers, that is not a part of the certified Aircraft or directly related to its operation. such as loose aircraft or cabin 
equipment. typical catering supplies, or the like. Gulfstream reserves the right to decline to store any Incidental Customer 
Property on its premises which it deems, in its sole discretion, inappropriate or dangerous. The Customer is responsible 
for importing or exporting of Incidental Customer Property into or out of the boundaries of any nation and must adhere to 
all applicable import or export control laws and regulations. including without limitation Export Administration 
Regulations ("EAR") and International Traffic in Arms Regulations ("ITAR") for entries into and out of the United States. 
The Customer hereby agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold Gulfstream harmless from any and all claims made against 
Gulfstream arising out of Incidental Customer Property brought or delivered to Gulfstream's facilities, including losses 
incurred because of damage or theft, improper shipping or receiving, together with any criminal or civil penalties or other 
duties, imposts, taxes, liens or other obligation imposed by any governmental entity resulting from the presence of 
Incidental Customer Property on Gulfstream's facilities. 
10. LIABILITY TO THIRD PARTIES. The limitations of liability in these terms and conditions will not be 
interpreted to affect in any way a Gulfstream Party's obligations, if any, for third party personal injury, wrongful death or 
property damage other than the Aircraft or its contents. 
U. NO BAILMENT. No bailment is created by this Agreement, and Gulfstream shall not act as insurer of the Aircraft 
or any Incidental Customer Property while the Aircraft or Incidental Customer Property is present at Gulfstream's facility 
or otherwise in Gulfstream's custody or control. 
12. NO DELAY PENALTY. Gulfstream will use reasonable efforts to complete the Work in a timely manner. 
Reasonable efforts does not include overtime unless the Customer agrees to bear overtime charges. Notwithstanding such 
obligation. Gulfstream shall not under any circumstances be liable for damages. late delivery penalty. fee or the like 
should it fail to perform the Work within any period of time specified by the Parties. 
13. ACCEPTANCE OF DELIVERY. Gulfstream will tender the Aircraft to Customer for delivery at the facility 
where the Work was performed. unless otherwise agreed in writing. Customer shall promptly inspect the Work, and, upon 
correction or Customer approved deferral of any discrepancies in such Work, Customer shall accept the Aircraft. 
14. TITLE. Title to all materials installed in the Aircraft under this Agreement does not pass until acceptance and 
payment of the Work by Customer, through delivery of the Aircraft or as otherwise mutually agreed in writing. 
GAC Rev. Jan. 21.2016 
of 4 
EFTA00589875
--- PAGE 18 ---
15. EXCESS STORAGE CHARGE. Unless otherwise agreed between the parties in writing, should Customer's 
Aircraft remain at Gulfstream's facility following completion of the Work for more than five (5) days. for whatever reason 
(including a failure to pay for the Work performed), Gulfstream is authorized by Customer to charge the prevailing rate for 
day storage of aircraft as then charged by Fixed Base Operators for aircraft of similar size on the airport where the Aircraft 
is stored (but not less than $200.00 per day). Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing as part of this Agreement. 
Gulfstream is under no obligation to provide any maintenance services whatsoever to the Aircraft while being stored under 
this provision and any dilapidation of the Aircraft during such storage period shall be Customer's sole responsibility. 
16. SAFETY AND SECURITY. Customer's employees, agents. subcontractors and representatives shall abide by all 
applicable Gulfstream policies, procedures and safety protocols when present on Gulfstream's premises. 
17. INDEMNITY BY CUSTOMER ENTERING GULFSTREANI'S PREMISES FOR PERSONAL INJURY 
AND DAMAGE TO OTHER PROPERTY. Customer assumes the risk of and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless 
the Gulfstream Parties from and against any and all liability, damage, loss, cost and expense, including attorney's fees, on 
account of any claim, suit or action made or brought against a Gulfstream Party (including claims brought against a 
Gulfstream Party because of a Gulfstream Party's own negligence) for the death of or injury to employees, agents. 
representatives and subcontractors of Customer, or damage or destruction of property of Customer, its employees, agents. 
representatives or subcontractors, (other than damage or destruction of the Aircraft upon which Work is performed. which 
is addressed elsewhere under this Agreement) sustained arising from or related to Customer's presence on the Gulfstream 
Party's facilities (including its hangars and ramps but excluding a Gulfstream Party's customer lobby and customer 
briefing rooms) during the course of the Agreement, except for the willful misconduct of a Gulfstream Party or its 
employees acting within the scope of their employment. 
18. ARBITRATION. Any controversy or claim arising out of either this Agreement or Customer's service visit to 
Gulfstream shall be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, without regard for rules concerning conflicts of law, and 
settled by one (1) arbitrator (except if the claim is in excess of Two Million Dollars ($2.000,000.00), then by three (3) 
neutral arbitrators) under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in the City 
where the work hereunder was performed If the arbitration proceedings shall be conducted before a panel of three neutral 
arbitrators, the panel shall be selected using the following process: Within 15 days after the commencement of arbitration. 
each party shall select one person meeting the specified qualifications to act as neutral arbitrator, and the two thus selected 
shall select a third neutral arbitrator meeting the specified qualifications within 15 days of their appointment to act as the 
chair of the arbitration panel. If the arbitrators selected by the parties are unable to or fail to agree upon the third 
arbitrator, the third arbitrator shall be selected by the American AAA. In an arbitration with a single arbitrator, the parties 
shall use their best efforts to agree upon an arbitrator(s) within thirty (30) days after service of the claim. and if agreement 
is not reached by such date then either party may request the AAA to appoint an arbitrator(s) in accordance with its rules. 
The UnitedNations. Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (frequently referred to as the "UNCISG") 
shall not apply. 
19. MISCELLANEOUS. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid under applicable law. such provision will 
be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement. If there is any 
conflict between these terms and conditions hereof and any document incorporated herein by reference. then these terms 
and conditions shall control unless such document expressly states the contrary. The words -include.- "including" and 
variations thereof are not terms of limitation and shall be deemed followed by "without limitation." Exports or re-exports 
of commodities, technology and software provided as part of the Work are subject to the U.S. Export Administration 
Regulations and diversion contrary to U.S. law is prohibited. Customer shall comply with all applicable U.S. export laws 
and regulations. The failure of any of the parties to exercise any right under this Agreement shall not be construed as a 
waiver or relinquishment for the future enforcement of such right at any time 
20. AUTHORIZATION OF AIRCRAFT OWNER/LESSOR/LESSEE. The person signing this Agreement on 
behalf of Customer represents, warrants and affirms that he is an AUTHORIZED AGENT OF THE AIRCRAFT 
OWNER(S), and, if applicable, lessor(s) and/or lessee(s) with full authority to enter into this Agreement and bind such 
owner(s), lessor(s), or lessee(s), with respect to all Work contemplated herein and on behalf of himself and his employer 
agrees to indemnify Gulfstream for all losses arising from any breach of this representation and warranty. 
Customer Acknowledgement: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
GAC Rev. Jan. 21.2016 
of 4 
EFTA00589876
--- PAGE 19 ---
[DI 
R01 
Mandatory Code 
Related Code Code Description 
Included In 
Material 
Estimate 
Month CMP Tasks (Exhibit 1) 
237004 
Cockpit Voice Recorder System - Operational Test 
240250 
Emergency Securaplane Battery No. 1 - BITE / Battery Level Test 
240251 
Emergency Securaplane Battery No. 2 - BITE / Battery Level Test 
240252 
Emergency Securaplane Battery No. 3 - BITE / Battery Level Test 
240253 
Emergency Securaplane Battery No. 4 - BITE / Battery Level Test 
250001• 
ICA for LCD Monitor 
250002• 
ICA for 406MHZ ELT 
256110 
Emergency Locator Transmitter - Operational Test (FAR 91.207) 
256105 
Emergency Locator Transmitter - Removal / Installation 
256269 
LIFE VESTS-INTEG. CHECK 
262582 
EXT. H2O AFT CABIN-INSPECT 
262621 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Right Cockpit) - Weight Cheek 
262601 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Right Cockpit) - Removal / Installation 
262622 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Forward Cabin) - Weight Cheek 
262612 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Forward Cabin) - Removal / Installation 
262623 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Aft Cabin) - Weight Check 
262603 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Alt Cabin) - Removal / Installation 
262633 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Alt Cabin) - Inspection 
270011 
Control Surface Hinge Joints - Lubrication 
271029 
Aileron Actuator Load Relief Bungee (Left) - Inspection 
271039 
Aileron Actuator Load Relief Bungee (Right) - Inspection 
273056 
Elevator Actuator Load Relief Bungee - Inspection 
312015 
Pilot Clock Battery - Replacement 
312016 
Copilot Clock Battery - Replacement 
322042 
Nose Gear Axle Assembly - Corrosion Prevention 
320027 
Nose Landing Gear Axle Assembly - Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Application 
322035 
Nose Gear Axle Fitting - Removal / Installation 
324009 
Nose Gear Wheel Assembly (Lett) - Removal / Installation 
324049 
Nose Gear Wheel Bearings (Left) - Inspection / Pack 
324010 
Nose Gear Wheel Assembly (Right) - Removal / Installation 
324050 
Nose Gear Wheel Bearings (Right) - Inspection / Pack 
330007 
Emergency Exit Lights - Operational Test 
330010 
Exterior Lights - Operational Test 
344095 
IRU No. 1 Securaplane Battery - BITE / Battery Level Test 
344096 
IRU No. 2 Securaplane Battery - BITE / Battery Level Test 
344097 
IRU No. 3 Securaplane Battery - BITE / Battery Level Test 
351005 
Crew Oxygen System (Pilot) - Operational Test 
351006 
Crew Oxygen System (Copilot) - Operational Test 
351007 
Crew Oxygen System (Observer) - Operational Test 
521003 
Main Entrance Door - Lubrication 
521008 
Main Entrance Door Inflatable Seal System - Operational Test 
521009 
Baggage Door Inflatable Seal System - Operational Test 
521080 
Inflatable Door Seal - Purging Procedure 
523004 
Baggage Door - Lubrication 
534015 
Main Landing Gear Installation (Left) - Inspection 
534016 
Main Landing Gear Installation (Right) - Inspection
534018 
Main Landing Gear Wheel Well Compartment - Inspection 
534020 
Nose Wheel Well and Gear - Inspection 
571030 
Wing Vertical Breather Angle - Inspection 
710019 
LH Powerplant Internal - Inspection 
711009 
Cowl Latch. Engine (Lett) - Rigging 
710019 (710020) 
RH Powerplant Internal - Inspection 
711010 
Cowl Latch. Engine (Right) - Rigging 
Month CMP Tasks (Exhibit 2) 
212077 
Air Conditioning Shutoff Valve Filter (Left) - Inspection 
212061 
Air Conditioning Shut-ott Valve Filter (Left) - Removal / Installation 
212078 
Air Conditioning Shutoff Valve Filter (Right) - Inspection 
212062 
Air Conditioning Shut-ott Valve Filter (Right) - Removal / Installation 
212115 
Nose Compartment Cooling System - Operational Test 
213053 
Cabin Pressure Warning Indication System - Functional Test 
213081 
Pressurization Safety Valve - Inspection 
213080 
Cabin Pressurization Safety Valve - Removal / Installation 
213083 
Pressurization Safety Valve - Ground Test 
213052 
Cabin Pressure Waming Snitch - Removal / Installation 
213085 
Pressurization System - Operational Test 
Page 1 ol 6 
EFTA00589877
--- PAGE 20 ---
IDN 
R01 
Mandatory Code 
Related Code Code Description 
Included in 
Material 
Estimate 
213090 
Cabin Pressure Controller (Manual Mode) - Operational Test 
216097 
Air Cycle Machine Compressor Outlet Overheat Switch (Left) - Trip Point Check 
216095 
Air Cycle Machine Compressor Outlet Overheat Switch (Left) - Removal / Installation 
216098 
Air Cycle Machine Compressor Outlet Overheat Switch (Right) - Trip Point Check 
216096 
Air Cycle Machine Compressor Outlet Overheat Switch (Right) - Removal / Installation 
236010 
Static Discharger Wick (Left Wing) - Resistance Check 
236011 
Static Discharger Wick (Right Wing) - Resistance Check 
236014 
Static Discharger Wick (Left Horizontal Stabilizer) - Resistance Cheek 
236015 
Static Discharger Wick (Right Horizontal Stabilizer) - Resistance Check 
236016 
Static Discharger Wick (Vertical Stabilizer) - Resistance Check 
236020 
Static Discharger Wick (Tail Cone) - Resistance Check 
237041 
CVR Underwater Locator Beacon (DK100 / DK120) - Operational Test 
237047 
CVR Underwater Locator Beacon - Battery Voltage Check (DK100 / DK120) 
237005 
CVR Unit - Removal / installation 
237025 
CVR Underwater Locator Beacon - Replacement (0K100) 
237048 
CVR Underwater Locator Beacon - Switch Cleaning (DK100 / DK120) 
243030 
Auxiliary TRU - Inspection / Cleaning 
243189 
Battery Circulating Fan - Operational Test 
251125 
Crew Seat Inertia Reels - Operational Test 
256112 
WELT Registration (NO.2 RAFT) 
261035 
Engine Alternator Overheat Switch (Left) - Trip Point Cheek 
261025 
Engine Alternator Overheat Switch (Left) - Removal / Installation 
261036 
Engine Alternator Overheat Switch (Right) -Trip Point Check 
261030 
Engine Alternator Overheat Switch (Right) - Removal / Installation 
261065 
Combined Hydraulic System Overheat Switch - Trip Point Check 
261055 
Combined Hydraulic System Overheat Switch - Removal / Installation 
261066 
Flight Hydraulic System Overheat Switch - Trip Point Cheek 
261060 
Flight Hydraulic System Overheat Switch - Removal / Installation 
261235 
Bleed Air Manifold Overheat Switch (Left) - Trip Point Check 
261225 
Bleed Air Manilold Overheat Switch (Left) - Removal / Installation 
261236 
Bleed Air Manifold Overheat Switch (Right) - Trip Point Check 
261230 
Bleed Air Manifold Overheat Switch (Right) - Removal / Installation 
261440 
APU Overheat Switch - Trip Point Check 
261415 
APU Fire Detection Switch (Top) - Removal / Installation 
261420 
APU Fire Detection Switch (Bottom) - Removal / Installation 
261425 
APU Fire Detection Switch (Above Alternator) - Removal / Installation 
261430 
APU Fire Detection Switcli AN Inlet) - Removal / Installation 
262075 
Fire Bottle (APU) - Weight Cheek 
262035 
APU Fire Bottle - Removal / Installation 
262155 
Fire Pull Handle - Operational Test 
262165 
Fire Extinguisher System (Left) - Functional Test 
262166 
Fire Extinguisher System (Right) - Functional Test 
262170 
Fire Extinguisher System (APU) - Functional Test 
270006 
Shutoff Valve. Flight Control Manual - Operational Test 
276001 
Ground Spoiler System - Operational Test 
276004 
Ground Spoiler Fault Detection System - Functional Test 
282073 
APU Wing Fuel Shut-off Valve - Functional Test 
301005 
Wing Anti-Ice (Left) - Operational Test 
301006 
Wing Anti-Ice (Right) - Operational Test 
302005 
Cowl Anti-Ice (Left Engine) - Operational Test 
302006 
Cowl Anti-Ice (Right Engine) - Operational Test 
303009 
Total Temperature Probe Heat System - Operational Test 
303012 
Angle of Attack Heat - Operational Test 
320009 
Landing Gear (Left Main) Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Reapplication 
320010 
Landing Gear (Right Main) Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Reapplication 
320034 
Nose Landing Gear Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Reapplication 
321041 
Main Gear Shock Absorber (Left) - Service 
321042 
Main Gear Shock Absorber (Right) - Service 
322006 
Nose Gear Shock Strut - Friction Check 
322028 
Nose Gear Shock Strut - Service 
322433 
Nose Landing Gear Spring Rod Assembly - Lubrication 
322430 
Nose Landing Gear Spring Rod Assembly - Removal / Installation 
323003 
Nose Landing Gear Sequencing Linkage - Check / Adjustment 
323002 
Landing Gear Cycling - Operational Check 
322434 
Main Landing Gear Bungee (Left) - Lubrication 
322431 
Main Landing Gear Bungee (Loll) - Removal / Installation 
322435 
Main Landing Gear Bungee (Right) - Lubrication 
322432 
Main Landing Gear Bungee (Right) - Removal / Installation 
Page 2 of 6 
EFTA00589878
--- PAGE 21 ---
ID# 
R01 
Mandatory Code 
Related Code Code Description 
Included in 
Material 
Estimate 
323001 
Landing Gear - Normal - Functional Test 
291057 
Combined / Flight Hydraulic System Reservoir - Filling Procedures 
323004 
Landing Gear - Emergency - Functional Test 
323115 
Bottle. Landing Gear Air - Service 
323025 
Main Gear Side Brace Fitting Pin (Left) - Inspection 
323015 
Side Brace Actuator (Left) - Removal / Installation 
323026 
Main Gear Side Brace Fitting Pin (Right) - Inspection 
323016 
Side Brace Actuator (Right) - Removal! Installation 
324101 
Wheel Brake - Functional Test (Brake-by-wire) 
341052 
Total Air Temperature Probe Aspirator - Operational Test 
342037 
Compass Swing No. 1 
342038 
Compass Swing No. 2 
346031 
FMS Navigation Computer No. 1 - Battery Pack Replacement 
X 
346015 
FMS Navigation Computer No. 1 - Removal! Installation 
349800 
Flight Management System No. t - Operational Check 
346032 
FMS Navigation Computer No. 2 - Battery Pack Replacement 
X 
346016 
FMS Navigation Computer No. 2 - Removal! Installation 
346033 
FMS Navigation Computer No. 3 - Battery Pack Replacement 
X 
346017 
FMS Navigation Computer No. 3 - Removal! Installation 
352005 
Passenger Oxygen System - Operational Test 
362005 
Bleed Air Manifold Pressure Indication - Functional Test 
510070 
Month Honeycomb (Aluminum Panels Only) - Inspection / Bond Test 
521007 
Main Entrance Door Internal - Detailed Inspection 
521002 
Main Entrance Door Cable Tension - Check 
521024 
Main Entrance Door Hinge Pins - Detailed Inspection 
521022 
Main Entrance Door Hinge Pins - Removal / Installation 
521051 
Door Seal Pressure Regulator - Functional Test 
527005 
Main Entrance Door Warning System - Operational Test 
527008 
Baggage Door Warning System - Operational Test 
527012 
Tail Compartment Door Warning System Operational Test 
- 
532005 
Cabin Compartment Above floor - Inspection 
532017 
Cockpit Compartment Above floor - Inspection 
532019 
Cockpit Compartment Below Floor - Inspection 
251109 
Pilot Seat - Removal / Installation 
251110 
CoPilot Seat - Removal! Installation 
532021 
Cockpit Compartment Below Pedestal - Inspection 
532027 
Entrance Compartment Behind Panel - Inspection 
532029 
Entrance Compartment Above Floor - Inspection 
532031 
Entrance Compartment Below Floor - Inspection 
532033 
Entrance Compartment Shelf - Inspection 
532041 
Baggage Compartment Above Floor - Inspection 
523001 
Baggage Door - Removal! Installalion 
532045 
Baggage Compartment Behind Panel - Inspection 
532050 
Engine / APU Fuel Feed Line - Inspection 
532052 
Torque Box - Inspection 
532055 
Fuselage Interior I Wing Attach - Inspection 
532067 
Tail Compartment Above Floor - Inspection 
532069 
Tail Compartment Below Floor - Inspection 
272001 
Rudder Control System - Operational Test 
272019 
Rudder Cable Assembly FS 470 - FS 760 (Right) - Removal /Installation 
272020 
Rudder Cable Assembly FS 470 - FS 760 (Left) - Removal / Installation 
273001 
Elevator Control System - Operational Test 
273033 
Elevator Cable Assembly FS 470 - FS 740 (Left) - Removal / Installation 
273034 
Elevator Cable Assembly FS 470 - FS 740 (Right) - Removal /Installation 
532070 
Shear Clips Aft Fuselage - Inspection 
533005 
Exterior Fuselage - Inspection 
535008 
Nose Compartment / Radome Interior - Inspection 
535012 
Tail Cone interior - Inspection 
535004 
Tailcone - Removal / Installation 
562005 
Emergency Window Release Mechanism (Internal and External) - Functional Test 
562007 
Emergency Exil and Cabin Windows - Leak Check 
571064 
Wing to Fuselage Attachments (Left) - Ultrasonic and Visual Corrosion Damage Tolerance 
571065 
Wing to Fuselage Attachments (Right) - Ultrasonic and Visual Corrosion Damage Tolerance 
783005 
Engine Thrust Reverser (Left) - Inspection 
783006 
Engine Thrust Reverser (Right) - Inspection 
783009 
Engine Thrust Reverser (Left) - Operational Test 
783010 
Engine Thrust Reverser (Right) - Operational Test 
Page 3 of 6 
EFTA00589879
--- PAGE 22 ---
IDN 
R01 
Mandatory Code 
Related Code Code Description 
Included In 
Material 
Estimate 
Month CMP Tasks (Exhibit 3) 
245051 
AC / DC Power Distribution System - Functional Test 
270101 
Stall Barrier / Angle of Attack System - Operational Test 
270221 
Stall Barrier Dump Valve - Operational Test 
272038 
Rudder Pedals - Lubrication 
275009 
Flap Actuator Yoke (Left Inboard) - Inspection 
275003 
Flap (Loll) - Removal! Installation 
275010 
Flap Actuator Yoke (Right Inboard) - Inspection 
275004 
Flap (Right) - Removal! Installation 
275011 
Flap Actuator Yoke (Left Outboard) - inspection 
275012 
Flap Actuator Yoke (Right Outboard) - Inspection 
275027 
Flap Actuator Bushing (Left) - Service! Lubrication 
275005 
Inboard Flap Actuator (Lelt) - Removal / Installation 
275007 
Outboard Flap Actuator (Lelt) - Removal / Installation 
275028 
Flap Actuator Bushing (Right)- Service / Lubrication 
275006 
Inboard Flap Actuator (Right) - Removal / Installation 
275008 
Outboard Flap Actuator (Right) - Removal / Installation 
280005 
Fuel Control System - Functional Test 
532007 
Forward Cabin Compartment Below Floor - Inspection 
532009 
Midcabin Compartment Below Floor - Inspection 
551019 
Elevator Skins (Left) - General Visual inspection 
551020 
Elevator Skins (Right) - General Visual Inspection 
551023 
Horizontal Stabilizer / Elevator (Interior! Exterior) (Left) - Inspection 
551024 
Horizontal Stabilizer / Elevator (Interior! Exterior) (Right) - Inspection 
553005 
Vertical Stabilizer! Rudder (External) - Inspection 
553007 
Vertical Stabilizer! Rudder (Internal) - Inspection 
571011 
Wing Front Beam HI-Lite Collars (Left)- Inspection 
261169 
Wing Anti-ice Overlemp Switch (Left) - Trip Point Check 
574005 
Wing Leading Edge (Leif inboard) - Removal / Installation 
574011 
Wing Leading Edge (Leif Center) - Removal / Installation 
574017 
Wing Leading Edge (Leif Outboard) - Removal / installation 
571012 
Wing Front Beam MI-Lite Collars (Right) - Inspection 
261170 
Wing Anti-ice Overleap Switch (Right) - Trip Point Check 
574006 
Wing Leading Edge (Right Inboard) - Removal / Installation 
574012 
Wing Leading Edge (Right Center) - Removal / Installation 
574018 
Wing Leading Edge (Right Outboard) - Removal / Installation 
571025 
Wing Tank Interior (Left) - Inspection 
280010 
Delueling Procedures 
280018 
Fuel Tank (Left) - Leak Check 
282025 
Fuel Pickup Screen (Main Leif Wing) - Inspection 
282026 
Fuel Pickup Screen (Alternate Left Wing) - Inspection 
571003 
Wing Fasteners - Cadmium Plating Degradation - Check (Left) 
571026 
Wing Tank Interior (Right) - Inspection 
280019 
Fuel Tank (Right) - Leak Check 
282027 
Fuel Pickup Screen (Main Right Wing) - Inspection 
282028 
Fuel Pickup Screen (Alternate Right Wing) - inspection 
571004 
Wing Fasteners . Cadmium Plating Degradation - Check (Right) 
150 Hour CMP Tasks (Exhibit 4) 
200001' 
Operation One 
276065 
Takeoff Alarm System - Functional Test 
999005 
AD 90.02-05 Takeoll Alarm ISM 1000 - 1092) 
554007 
Rudder External - Inspection 
710021 
Engine External (Left) - Inspection 
710022 
Engine External (Right) - Inspection 
730001 
Fuel Contamination Check, Engine - Inspection 
730001 (730002) 
Fuel Contamination Check, Engine - Inspection 
742001 
Engine Ignition System - Operational Check 
742001 (742002) 
Engine Ignition System - Operational Check 
792007 
Filter, Engine Pressure Oil - Cleaning / Inspection 
791033 
LH Engine Oil Level - Check / Service (Using Onboard Replenishment System) 
792007 (792009) 
Filter, Engine Pressure Oil - Cleaning / Inspection 
791033 (791034) RH Engine Oil Level - Check / Service (Using Onboard Replenishment System) 
Page 4 of 6 
EFTA00589880
--- PAGE 23 ---
IDS 
R0t 
Mandatory Code 
Related Code Code Description 
Included in 
Material 
Estimate 
150 Cycle CMP Tasks (Exhibit 5) 
200002' 
Operations Two ( 150 Cycle ) 
270206 
Stall Barrier Actuator - Service! Lubrication 
271035 
Spoiler Load Relief Bungee, Left - Lubrication 
271036 
Spoiler Load Relief Bungee, Right - Lubrication 
271037 
Bungee, Left Aileron Load Relief - Lubrication 
271038 
Bungee, Right Aileron Load Relief - Lubrication 
272027 
Rudder Bungee - Lubrication 
272036 
Rudder Torque Tube Bearing - Lubrication 
273002 
Elevator Load Relief Bungee - Lubrication 
275019 
Wing Flap (Left) - Lubrication 
275020 
Wing Flap (Right) - Lubrication 
275023 
Wing Flap Traveling Nut (Left) - Lubrication 
275024 
Wing Flap Traveling Nut (Right) - Lubrication 
Misc CMP Tasks (Exhibit 6) 
213051 
Pressure Relay Switch - Screen Inspection 
215006 
Air Conditioning System (Temperature Control Valves) - Functional Check 
215005 
Air Conditioning System - Operational Test 
217027 
Ozone Converter (Left) - Functional Test 
X 
217025 
Ozone Convener (Left) - Removal r Installation 
217028 
Ozone Converter (Right) - Functional Test 
X 
217026 
Ozone Converter (Right) - Removal! Installation 
217075 
Water Separator Bag (Left) - Inspection 
X 
217070 
Water Separator (Leh) - Removal / Installation 
217076 
Water Separator Bag (Right) - inspection 
X 
217071 
Water Separator (Right) - Removal / Installation 
240108 
Standby Power System - Operational Test 
243105 
Battery, S1—Capacity Check
243106 
Battery. #2—Capacity Check 
262631 
Portable Haien Fire Extinguisher (Right Cockpit) - Inspection 
262632 
Portable Haien Fire Extinguisher (Forward Cabin) - inspection 
262691 
EXT,AFT GALLEY HALON TRASH-WT 
273019 
Elevator Trim Tab Actuator (Left) - Lubrication 
273020 
Elevator Trim Tab Actuator (Right) - Lubrication 
304003 
Windshield Wiper Lock Pin - Lubrication / Adjustment 
314007 
FWC No. 1 Trend and Limit Monitoring - Data Download 
314008 
FWC No. 2 Trend and Limit Monitoring - Data Download 
320004 
Main Landing Gear (Left) - Lubrication 
320005 
Main Landing Gear (Right) - Lubrication 
320006 
Nose Gear - Lubrication 
344051 
IRU No. 1 Blower Filter - Inspection 
344005 
Inertial Reference Unit No. 1 - Removal / Installation 
344086 
AHRS / IRU - Operational Check 
344052 
IRU No. 2 Blower Filter - Inspection 
344006 
Inertial Reference Unil No. 2 - Removal / Installation 
344055 
IRU No. 3 Blower Filter - Inspection 
344010 
Inertial Relevance Unil No. 3 - Removal / Installation 
344088 
IRU No. 1 Securaplane Battery! Heater Assembly - Replacement 
X 
344068 
IRU No. 1 Securaplane Battery - Removal / Installation 
344061 
IRU No. 1 URDC Battery - Removal / Installation 
344089 
IRU No. 2 Securaplane Battery! Heater Assembly - Replacement 
X 
344069 
IRU No. 2 Securaplane Battery - Removal / Installation 
344062 
IRU No. 2 URDC Battery - Removal / Installation 
350122 
Oxygen Bottle (No. 2) - Hydrostatic Test 
X 
350102 
Oxygen Cylinder (No. 2) - Removal / Installation 
351001 
Crew Oxygen Low-Pressure Switch - Operational Test 
350123 
Oxygen Bottle (No. 3) - Hydrostatic Test 
X 
350103 
Oxygen Cylinder (No. 3) - Removal / Installation 
350124 
Oxygen Bottle (No. 4) - Hydrostatic Test 
X 
350104 
Oxygen Cylinder (No. 4) - Removal / Installation 
381010 
Filter Element, No. 1 Potable Water System - Removal / Installation 
381025 
Potable Water System - Flush! Sanitize 
539472 
Aft Pressure Bulkhead - Inspection 
541017 
Pylon External/Internal (Left) - Inspection 
541018 
Pylon External/ Internal (Right) - Inspection 
Page 5 of 6 
EFTA00589881
--- PAGE 24 ---
IDA 
RO1 
Mandatory Code 
Related Code Code Description 
Included In 
Material 
Estimate 
541019 
Pylon Internal (Left) - Inspection 
541020 
Pylon Internal (Right) - Inspection 
571033 
Rib. Wing Sponson (Left) - Inspection 
571034 
Rib, Wing Sponson (Right) - Inspection 
576005 
Aileron Interior (Left) - Inspection 
576006 
Aileron Interior (Right) - Inspection 
723001 
LH Intermediate Compressor Case. Engine - Inspection 
723001 (723002) 
RH Intermediate Compressor Case, Engine - Inspection 
761001 
LH Controls. Engine - Operational Test 
761001 (761002) 
RH Controls, Engine - Operational Test 
761005 
LH Controls. Engine - Service! Lubrication 
761005 (761006) 
RH Controls, Engine - Service / Lubrication 
783007 
Engine Thrust Reverser Hot Short To Ground (Left) - Inspection 
346025 
FMS COU No. 1 - Removal/ Installation 
783008 
Engine Thrust Reverser Hot Short To Ground (Right) - Inspection 
801011 
Engine Starter Oil Level (Left) - Check 
801012 
Engine Starter Oil Level (Right) - Check 
994019 
AD 2015-16-04 Kidde Graviner 
Page 6 ol 6 
EFTA00589882

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589883.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589883.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 27 15 11:42a 
El Brillo 
5616552312 
p.1 
NEC 
Stock Number: 
780427 
Phone —ype: 
DT(X)-320-1, IT(X)-32D-3 (\NH) 
Exit 
Help 
Front Gate Main Gate 
Cabana _ _Kitchen 
DND 
Intercom Ane Pat* Ali Pailt • 
• _. 
Couch___ LesletHm 
DK! Hm 
,_
_ 
STC 
Sarah 
ota Office DKI Cell 
RK Office 
501,,A, I we ke777he 
_47-frle, "fame coR -14e. 
' f eed Silt/ 
rm 
MSG 
V Mall 
Ktiryn;! 
Janusz _ NY Pfgce 
Directory 
Message 
Ext 108 
0010498 
EFTA00589883

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589884.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589884.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Mon. 06 March 2017 15:24:34 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page I of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket AA 0017953014856-06MAR 
Travel Details 
Wednesday 08 Mar 17 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
American Airlines 
Flight 
AA 936 
Origin 
New York. 
John F Kennedy International 
Destination 
Charlotte Amalie. 
Cyril E King Airport 
Departing 
09:20 AM 
Arriving 
02:21 PM 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal 8 
Class 
V Economy Class 
Seats 
21D 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 1 Min 
Equipment 
Boeing 757-200/300 
Meal 
Food For Purchase 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
NIL 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary OTRDJH 
a
t, E WAN 
EXPRE SS 
EFTA00589884
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centwion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 0pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property. such as a $100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at 
To book your stay, visit amerIcanexpress.corriffhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Cenein room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cat Centurion Travel Service for details 
•* Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
For more information on benefits and eligibility, please visit: 
• CENTURION FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: centurion.com 
• FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: ammdravel.corniihr 
• The Hotel Collection: -411:.iranexnress nnrrYtIcirrArtit-rardvbnnofitsteptache-hotfti-conActionzprAmEnr-gold 
• International Anne Program: taoarnemenexpreassom 
• Cruise Privileges Program: arnericane8gre55,c_on3Lcrusepriviegge 
• Platinum Destinations Vacations: amencanexpress.corrltuslcsedit-cardsbenefnsrdetad(plabnum-desbnabons-vacationst0lalnum 
• Pay with Porits: amercanexvess conVpanvithpaints 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and coo:Mims set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any lodge's'. tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services include's'. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of American Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively. 'Amex") has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
imposed charges, ncluding, but not limited to. daly resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-out. You may wish to inquire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wwn a Ili a rz cc^t. Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans, please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
lgameljnnal Travel hccumentatInn and Information' 
Travelers dewing transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining al necessary travel documents and complying with all government travel 
requirements. You must present all ORE entry and other documents required by law. Amex shall not be responsible to you for any loss or expense due to your failure to 
comply with such requrements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carriage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws. regulations. orders. 
demands. or requirements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibikty to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your jotrney. Many 
countries recoils that your passport be valet for up to six (6) months from you date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign country. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at littrylozravel ovate covrcontent;pAssncets,praish,'rnontry html Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disdains any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on the foregoing 
website. 
Air Transportation 
Airlines reserve the right to change your seats at any time due to operational needstaircraft reconfiguration. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important 
notices apply to air transportation. Please visit 
• 
, for more information. 
Airline Notice on Hazardous Materials 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5120). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases, flammable liquids and sciels. oxidizers. 
poisons, corrosives and radioacbve materials. Examples: Pants. lighter fluid. fireworks, tear gases, oxygen bottles, and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
Page 2 of 3 
Itinerary OTRDJH 
:
AMERICAN 
EGRESS 
EFTA00589885
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried ki your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further 
information contact your airline representative or visit https:,,Whvi.faa.gov.,abauvin ballyes.,hazmat_safe:y.. 
Liability Statement 
You understand and agree that American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subetcharies. affikates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex,. 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shall not be liable for any Ices. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of omissions of travel suppbers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or failures of 
equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil unrest. 
strikes. riots. theft, disease. accidents a failures related to the public Internet. telecommunications lines or facilities. a third party technology systems. CC any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppbers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itneraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and from tine to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to or marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addrtion, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From tine to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and 
these arrangements, including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommendrig ilineranes. we 
may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
State-Specific Disclosures: 
CALIFORNIA: Upon cancellation of the transportation or travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled n violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. at sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier. 
without obtaining a refund and such other provider fails to provide the agreed-upon transportation a service. In this situation. the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establishing the disbursement of the customer payment. and rf disbursed to a registered wholesaler of 
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in Cakfomia at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with the 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than S5O for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when required. The mammon amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed $15.000. A claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A clam 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the clam and a 535 processing fee. Claimants must agree to wane their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating serer of travel for matters arisen out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRF's website at vow try-Info org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation a other services are canceled by the seller of travel. at sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the folds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
HAWAII: Please visit s -.
-y 
. 
L'Ull'0CC0(ISUMPLTIC'ES nil for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which maintains our travel agency trust account is Bank of Hawaii. Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue. Honolulu. HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account. 
California CSTN1022318. Washington U131#500-469-694. Iowa TA#669. 
Page 3 of 3 
Itinerary OTRDJH 
:
AMERICAN 
EGRESS 
EFTA00589886

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589887.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589887.pdf
----------------------------------------
HISTORICAL STATEMENT 
1/5/2016 to 2/24/2016 
Thomas J. Magnani 
Alvin Gra son 
Jeff Epstein 
Telephone: (212) 688-1090 
Date 
Account 
2/24/2016 
3114 
Remittance 
IMPORTANT PLEASE DETACH UPPER PORTION AND RETURN WITH YOUR REMITTANCE TO INSURE CREDIT TO PROPER ACCOUNT 
Date 
Patient 
Description 
Charges 
Credits 
Balance 
11/25/2015 
Previous Balance 
0.00 
1/5/2016 
Jeff 
Abut Sup Porc/Gold Crown 
2,300.00 
2,300.00 
1/5/2016 
Jeff 
Abutment Placement 
1,400.00 
3,700.00 
2/3/2016 
Jeff 
Adult Scale & Prophy 
180.00 
3,880.00 
2/3/2016 
Jeff 
Recall Oral Exam 
40.00 
3,920.00 
2/24/2016 Jeff 
AMERICAN EXPRESS 
3,920.00 
0.00 
Account Total 
0.00 
Patient Charges 
3,920.00 
Patient Payments 
3,920.00-
Patient Credits 
0.00 
Patient Debits 
0.00 
We accept credit cards You may complete and return the top part of 
this statement, or call the office at 212-688-1090. 
Current 
Days 
Days 
Days 
120+ Days 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Thomas J. Magnani 
.
Alvin Grayson M. 
West 51st Street 
7th Floor 
New York NY 10019 
(212) 688-1090 
EFTA00589887

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589888.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589888.pdf
----------------------------------------
Black Family 1997 GST 
Exempt Trust 
LDB 2011 LLC 
TOTAL 
$Amt 
Source of funds 
Black 2006 Family Trust 
$33mi1 
September distribution from Apollo Credit 
Opportunity Fund and accumulated 
dividends on Apollo Inv Corp shares owned 
plus internal borrowing from Black Family 
Partners 
Black Family 1997 Trust 
$21mil 
cash from recent sale of art, cash from 
liquidation of equity account managed by 
Neuberger & Berman 
$ 3mi1 
Cash held since trust was created 
$10mil 
Free Cash held in trust 
$67mi1 
EFTA00589888
--- PAGE 2 ---
Summary of money transfers in advance of Phaidon investment: 
$19 mil Trust Accounting income transferred from Black Family Partners Acct 0135 to 
LBF Holdings Acct 5824 and then to Leon & Debra B of A Accts ($5mil to 
checking 3840 and $14mil to 9982) 
\--ve4/
V
$6mil + interest transferred from Leon & Debra Black Acct 9982 as loan repay on 
promissory note 
$67,000 transferred from Leon & Debra Black Acct 9982 for 0.001% interest in PLBr 
$20mi1 Transferred from LBF Holdings Acct 5824 to Black Family Partners Acct 0135 
=loan repay of promissory note 
$164,318 transferred from LBF Acct 5832 for interest on that note 
$33mi1 transferred from Black Family Partners to Black Family 1997 Trust as loan 
Promissory note issued 
$54mi1 transferred from Black Family 1997 Trust to PLB LLC 
$3mi1 Transferred from the Black Family 1997 GST Exempt Trust to PLB LLC 
$10mil transferred from JPMorgan Acct 220-42260 of LDB 2011 LLC to PLB LLC 
EFTA00589889
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 1 of 1 
Eileen Alexanderson 
From: 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 03, 2012 1:21 PM 
To: 
'Desousa, Nicholas' 
Cc: 
'Perrone, Joann' 
Subject: funds transfer request 
Please transfer $33,000,000 from Black Family Partners Account #000001200135 to the Black Family 
1997 Account #000006623441. 
Thank you. 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Black Family Partners. L.P. 
do Apollo Management 
W 57th Street 
none' 
t le•-•-e-kh"—r 
New York NY 10019 
email: 
10/3/2012 
EFTA00589890
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 1 of 1 
Eileen Alexanderson 
From: 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 03, 2012 1:27 PM 
To: 
'Desousa, Nicholas' 
Cc: 
'Perrone, Joann' 
Subject: funds transfer request 
Please transfer $54,000,000 from the Black Family 1997 Trust Account #000006623441 to the PLB LLC 
Acct #4830 3052 4490. 
Thank you. 
Eileen Alexander 
/ 
YN\iv‘vi- .- r''''-
Black Family Partners, 
do Aga° Managemen 
W 57th Street 
New York NY 10019 
phone: 212-822-0622 
email: gazgrAma 
10/3/2012 
EFTA00589891
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 1 of I 
Eileen Alexanderson 
From: 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 03, 2012 11:41 AM 
To: 
'Desousa, Nicholas' 
Cc: 
'Perrone, Joann' 
Subject: funds transfer request 
Please transfer $3,000,000 from the Black Family 1997 GST Account #3940 0141 4709 to the PLB LLC 
Account #4830 3052 4490. 
Thank you. 
Eileen Alexandeien 
Egad( Family Partners. 
eM Apollo Managemen 
W 57th Street 
New York NY 10019 
email: 
10/3/2012 
EFTA00589892
--- PAGE 6 ---
rta Bank of America ea 
VIMONIAMInhaildh OdfliplAdOW 
wx 0000 
000 268 016206 8901 AT 0.374 
BLACK FAMILY 1997 GST EXEMPT TRUST 
JOHN J HANNAN, BARRY J COHEN 
AND RICHARD RESSLER TRUSTEES 
W 57TH ST FL 43 
NEW YORK NY 10019-2700 
P
OF 1 
BANK OF AMERICA,
WIRE TRANSFER ADV 
FLEET WAY 
PA6-580-04-05 
SCRANTON, PA 
18507 
DATE: 10/03/12 
DIRECT INQUIRIES TO: 
800.729.9473 OPTION 2 
ACCOUNT' 394001414709 
THE FOLLOWING WIRE WAS DEBITED TODAY; 
TRANSACTION REF: 
RELATED REF' 
INSTRUCTING BANK; 
BENEFICIARY: 
2012100300160995R 
T520121003120324 
TRUSTWEB 
PLB LLC 
USD AMOUNT $3,000,000.00 
ID: TRWB 
ID: 483030524490 
EFTA00589893
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 1 of 1 
Barry J. Cohen 
From: 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 03, 2012 11:30 AM 
To: 
Barry J. Cohen 
Subject: signature needed 
Please sign and scan to 
From: Eileen Alexanderson 
Sent: Wednesday, October 03, 2012 11:28 AM 
To: 'Rim, Harry 3' 
Cc: 'Nolan, Mike' 
Subject: wire transfer request 
Please wire $10,000,000 from the LDB 2011 LLC Account #220-42260 per tcie following instructions: 
Bank 
Bank of America 
ABA # 
026009593 
Acct name 
PLB LLC 
Acct # 
4830 3052 4490 
Signed copy to follow 
Thank you. 
Eileen Alexamnlyn 
Black Family Partners. 
do Apollo Manage 
W 51Ih Street 
New York NY 10019 
phone: 212-B22-0622 
en t  giSixandemonglitoollo-adylsors corn 
10/3/2012 
EFTA00589894
--- PAGE 8 ---
Morgan Securities 
00It6A I of I NSP0PODL.ZI 000000 
LDB 2011 LLC 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS 
C/O APOLLO MANAGEMENT 
WEST 57TH ST 
NEW YORK NY 10019-2700 
Dear Account Holder(s): 
This letter confirms that on October 
accordance with your instructions: 
Detail of Transfer 
$10,000,000.00 
BY WIRE TRANSFER 
If you have any questions, please 
6341428 or (347) 643-9953. 
■ 
MORGAN CLEARING CORP. 
October 4, 2012 
WIRE NOTIFICATION 
Account: XXX-42260 
3, 2012, we made the following transfer from your above-referenced account in 
Payee Information 
BANK OF AMERICA, 
AC483030524490 
F#804620 
contact the 
Morgan Clearing Corp. Client Services Department at (800) 
■. Morgan Clearing Corp. 
Metrotech Center NY1-H051 
Brooklyn, NY 11245-0001 
POD12220 
Page 1 of 2 
EFTA00589895
--- PAGE 9 ---
Page 1 of 1 
Eileen Alexanderson 
From: 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 03, 2012 11:54 AM 
To: 
•Desousa, Nicholas' 
Cc: 
'Perrone, Joann' 
Subject: funds transfer request 
Please transfer $67,000 from the Leon & Debra Black Acct #3940 0129 9982 to the PLB LLC Acct #4830 
3052 4490. 
Thank you. 
Eileen Alexandea: On 
Black Family Fanners. M. 
c/o Apollo Management 
W 57th Street 
New York NY 10019 
phone: 212422-0622 
email: ea tigiLdena 
C104 L
Sm wr Luc 
(.14.A. L ce"advcr‘• 
gicn 
-a— A-
tAic A 
1C4F Pe.
10/3/2012 
EFTA00589896
--- PAGE 10 ---
Bank of America ea 
WX 0000 
000 268 016261 4001 AT 0.374 
LEON D BLACK 
DEBRA BLACK 
760 PARK AVE 
NEW YORK NY 10021-4152 
Pip 1 OF 1 
BANK OF AMERICA, 
WIRE TRANSFER ADV 
FLEET WAY 
PA6-580-04-05 
SCRANTON, PA 
18507 
DATE: 10/03/12 
DIRECT INQUIRIES TO: 
800.729.9473 OPTION 2 
ACCOUNT: 394001299982 
THE FOLLOWING WIRE WAS DEBITED TODAY: 
USD AMOUNT $67,000.00 
TRANSACTION REF: 
RELATED REF: 
INSTRUCTING BANK: 
BENEFICIARY: 
2012100300161136R 
T520121003120521 
TRUSTWEB 
PLB LLC 
ID: TRWB 
ID: 483030524490 
EFTA00589897
--- PAGE 11 ---
IA 
Bank of America 
IOC 0000 
000 268 016205 NO01 lit:74 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS,
C/O APOLLO MANAGEMENT, 
D BLACK 
W 57TH ST FL 43 
NEW YORK NY 10019-2700 
PO 1 OF 1 
BANK OF AMERICA, 
WIRE TRANSFER ADV 
FLEET WAY 
PA6-580-04-05 
SCRANTON. PA 
18507 
DATE: 10/03/12 
DIRECT INQUIRIES TO: 
800.729.9473 OPTION 2 
ACCOUNT: 000001200135 
THE FOLLOWING HIRE WAS DEBITED TODAY: 
TRANSACTION REF: 
2012100300119692 
RELATED REF: 
TS20121003091559 
INSTRUCTING BANK: 
TRUSTWEB 
BENEFICIARY: 
LBF HOLDINGS LLC 
USD AMOUNT $19,000,000.00 
r 
•t• 
ca.+) 4.4.4„. 
ID: TRWB 
t
ID: 000001195824
' a 
THE FOLLOWING WIRE WAS DEBITED TODAY: 
USD AMOUNT 533,000,000.00 
TRANSACTION REF: 
2012100300197801 
RELATED REF: 
7520121003021205 
INSTRUCTING BANK: 
TRUSTWEB 
BENEFICIARY: 
BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST 
ID: TRWB 
A- 
--rrvir 
ID: 000006623441 
[3:::". 
‘,—vtche.„1
EFTA00589898
--- PAGE 12 ---
Bank of America * 
IIIII.IIII,IIIIIIII.Illi.I.III'lliii,IIIII,IIII,II.IIIIIIIIIiiill 
WX 0000 
000 268 016208 0001 AT 0.374 
BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST 
C/O APOLLO ADVISORS 
ATTN: EILEEN ALEXANDERSON 
W 57TH ST FL 41 
NEW YORK NY 10019-2701 
P
OF 1 
BANK OF AMERICA,
WIRE TRANSFER ADV 
FLEET WAY 
PA6-580-04-05 
SCRANTON, PA 
18507 
DATE: 10/03/12 
DIRECT INQUIRIES TO: 
800.729.9473 OPTION 2 
ACCOUNT: 000006623441 
THE FOLLOWING WIRE WAS CREDITED TODAY: 
TRANSACTION REF: 
2012100300197801 
SENDER'S REF: 
T520121003021205 
ORIGINATOR: 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, III. 
INSTRUCTING BANK: 
TRUSTWEB 
THE FOLLOWING WIRE WAS DEBITED TODAY: 
TRANSACTION REF: 
RELATED REF: 
INSTRUCTING BANK: 
BENEFICIARY: 
2012100300201201R 
TS20121003021426 
TRUSTWEB 
PLB LLC 
USD AMOUNT $33,000,000.00 
ID: 000001200135 
00- M
4APT( 
141'
ID: TRWB 
lV‘ 
0'4
USD AMOUNT 854,000,000.00 
ID: TRWB 
ID: 483030524490 
EFTA00589899
--- PAGE 13 ---
PROMISSORY NOTE 
$33,000,000.00 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 
For value received on behalf of the BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST, the 
undersigned, DEBRA R. BLACK, BARRY J. COHEN, JOHN J. HANNAN and 
RICHARD RESSLER, in their capacities as trustees of the BLACK FAMILY 1997 
TRUST, promise to pay to BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, ■. the principal sum of 
exactly THIRTY THREE MILLION DOLLARS ($33,000,000.00) ("Principal"), plus 
interest accruing at the fixed rate of 3.0%, compounded annually. The unpaid Principal 
shall be due and payable in full on the day before the fifth (5th) anniversary of the date 
hereof, or on such earlier date as the loan is repaid completely. 
This note may be paid in full or in part at any time with accrued interest to the 
date of such payment on the amount paid without penalty charges. 
DATED: as of October 3, 2012 
BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST 
DEBRA R. BLACK, Trustee 
BARRY J. COHEN, Trustee 
JOHN J. HANNAN, Trustee 
RICHARD RESSLER, Trustee 
EFTA00589900
--- PAGE 14 ---
PROMISSORY NOTE 
$33,000,000.00 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 
For value received on behalf of the BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST, the 
undersigned, DEBRA IL BLACK, BARRY J. COHEN, JOHN J. HANNAN and 
RICHARD RESSLER, in their capacities as trustees of the BLACK FAMILY 1997 
TRUST, promise to pay to BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, MI. the principal sum of 
exactly THIRTY THREE MILLION DOLLARS ($33,000,000.00) ("Principal"), plus 
interest accruing at the fixed rate of 3.0%, compounded annually. The unpaid Principal 
shall be due and payable in full on the day before the fifth (5th) anniversary of the date 
hereof, or on such earlier date as the loan is repaid completely. 
This note may be paid in full or in part at any time with accrued interest to the 
date of such payment on the amount paid without penalty charges. 
DATED: as of October 3, 2012 
BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST 
DEBRA R. BLACK, Trustee 
Y J. CO 
Trustee 
JOHN J. HANNAN, Trustee 
RICHARD RESSLER, Trustee 
EFTA00589901
--- PAGE 15 ---
PROMISSORY NOTE 
$33,000,000.00 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 
For value received on behalf of the BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST, the 
undersigned, DEBRA R. BLACK, BARRY J. COHEN, JOHN J. HANNAN and 
RICHARD RESSLER, in their capacities as trustees of the BLACK FAMILY 1997 
TRUST, promise to pay to BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, M. the principal sum of 
exactly THIRTY THREE MILLION DOLLARS ($33,000,000.00) (`•Principal"), plus 
interest accruing at the fixed rate of 3.0%, compounded annually. The unpaid Principal 
shall be due and payable in MI on the day before the fifth (5th) anniversary of the date 
hereof, or on such earlier date as the loan is repaid completely. 
This note may be paid in full or in part at any time with accrued interest to the 
date of such payment on the amount paid without penalty charges. 
DATED: as of October 3, 2012 
BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST 
DEBRA R. BLACK, Trustee 
BARRY J. COHEN, Trustee 
RICHARD RESSLER, Trustee 
EFTA00589902
--- PAGE 16 ---
PROMISSORY NOTE 
$33,000,000.00 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 
For value received on behalf of the BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST, the 
undersigned, DEBRA R. BLACK, BARRY J. COHEN, JOHN J. HANNAN and 
RICHARD RESSLER, in their capacities as trustees of the BLACK FAMILY 1997 
TRUST, promise to pay to BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, ■. the principal sum of 
exactly THIRTY THREE MILLION DOLLARS ($33,000,000.00) ("Principal"), plus 
interest accruing at the fixed rate of 3.0%, compounded annually. The unpaid Principal 
shall be due and payable in full on the day before the fifth (5th) anniversary of the date 
hereof, or on such earlier date as the loan is repaid completely. 
This note may be paid in full or in part at any time with accrued interest to the 
date of such payment on the amount paid without penalty charges. 
DATED: as of October 3, 2012 
BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST 
DEBRA R. BLACK, Trustee 
BARRY J. COHEN, Trustee 
JOHN J. HANNAN, Trustee 
7-
RI 
ARD RESSLER, Trustee 
EFTA00589903
--- PAGE 17 ---
H 
PLB LLC 
Deposits and Credits 
Page 2 of 3 
Statement Period 
10/03/12 through 10/31/12 
ED P PA 
OA 60 
Enclosures 0 
Account Number 4830 3052 4490 
Date 
Posted
10/03 
10/03 
10/03 
10/03 
Amount ($) Description 
54,000,000.00 
10,000,000.00 
3,000,000.00 
67,000.00 
Wire Type:Book IN Date:121003 Time:1432 Et 
Trn:2012100300201201 Sndr Reas20121003021426 
Orig:Black Family 1997 Trust ID:000006623441 
Wire Type:Wire IN Date: 121003 Time:1441 Et 
Trn:2012100300202726 Seq:22635002774/004620 
Cris:Gib 2011 Llc 1D:2204226019 Snd Bk:Jpmorgan Ch 
Ase Bank, NA ID:021000021 Pmt Det:Swf Of 12/10/03 
Wire Type:Book IN Date:121003 Time:1217 Et 
Trn:2012100300160995 Sndr Ref:Ts20121003120324 
Orig:Black Family 1997 Gst Exe ID:394001414709 
Wire Type:Book IN Date:121003 Time:1219 Et 
Trn:2012100300161136 Sndr Ref:Ts20121003120521 
Orig:Leon D Black ID:394001299982 
Withdrawals and Debits 
Other Debits 
Bank 
Reference 
903710030201201 
903710030202726 
903710030160995 
903710030161136 
Date 
Posted
10/03 
10/05 
10/29 
Amount ($1 
66,001,800.00 
332,510.00 
242,812.39 
Description
Fxx2C9Q8Dr41000000.00 GBP @ 1.6098 
On20121003 
Fxx3P7M6Dr205000.00 GBP @ 1.622 
On20121005 
Fxy7L5Q9Dr150862.00 GBP @ 1.6095 
On20121029 
Daily Ledger Balances 
Bank 
Reference 
917910031400015 
917910050900007 
917910291000006 
Date 
Balance ($) 
10/03 
1,065,200.00 
Date 
Balance ($) 
10/05 
732,690.00 
Date 
Balance ($) 
10/29 
489,877.61 
EFTA00589904

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589905.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589905.pdf
----------------------------------------
Black Family 1997 GST 
Exempt Trust 
LDB 2011 LLC 
TOTAL 
$Amt 
Source of funds 
Black 2006 Family Trust 
$33mi1 
September distribution from Apollo Credit 
Opportunity Fund and accumulated 
dividends on Apollo Inv Corp shares owned 
plus internal borrowing from Black Family 
Partners 
Black Family 1997 Trust 
$21mil 
cash from recent sale of art, cash from 
liquidation of equity account managed by 
Neuberger & Berman 
$ 3mi1 
Cash held since trust was created 
$10mil 
Free Cash held in trust 
$67mi1 
EFTA00589905
--- PAGE 2 ---
Summary of money transfers in advance of Phaidon investment: 
$19 mil Trust Accounting income transferred from Black Family Partners Acct 0135 to 
LBF Holdings Acct 5824 and then to Leon & Debra B of A Accts ($5mil to 
checking 3840 and $14mil to 9982) 
\--ve4/
V
$6mil + interest transferred from Leon & Debra Black Acct 9982 as loan repay on 
promissory note 
$67,000 transferred from Leon & Debra Black Acct 9982 for 0.001% interest in PLBr 
$20mi1 Transferred from LBF Holdings Acct 5824 to Black Family Partners Acct 0135 
=loan repay of promissory note 
$164,318 transferred from LBF Acct 5832 for interest on that note 
$33mi1 transferred from Black Family Partners to Black Family 1997 Trust as loan 
Promissory note issued 
$54mi1 transferred from Black Family 1997 Trust to PLB LLC 
$3mi1 Transferred from the Black Family 1997 GST Exempt Trust to PLB LLC 
$10mil transferred from JPMorgan Acct 220-42260 of LDB 2011 LLC to PLB LLC 
EFTA00589906
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 1 of 1 
Eileen Alexanderson 
From: 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 03, 2012 1:21 PM 
To: 
'Desousa, Nicholas' 
Cc: 
'Perrone, Joann' 
Subject: funds transfer request 
Please transfer $33,000,000 from Black Family Partners Account #000001200135 to the Black Family 
1997 Account #000006623441. 
Thank you. 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Black Family Partners. L.P. 
do Apollo Management 
W 57th Street 
none' 
t le•-•-e-kh"—r 
New York NY 10019 
email: 
10/3/2012 
EFTA00589907
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 1 of 1 
Eileen Alexanderson 
From: 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 03, 2012 1:27 PM 
To: 
'Desousa, Nicholas' 
Cc: 
'Perrone, Joann' 
Subject: funds transfer request 
Please transfer $54,000,000 from the Black Family 1997 Trust Account #000006623441 to the PLB LLC 
Acct #4830 3052 4490. 
Thank you. 
Eileen Alexander 
/ 
YN\iv‘vi- .- r''''-
Black Family Partners, 
do Aga° Managemen 
W 57th Street 
New York NY 10019 
phone: 212-822-0622 
email: gazgrAma 
10/3/2012 
EFTA00589908
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 1 of I 
Eileen Alexanderson 
From: 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 03, 2012 11:41 AM 
To: 
'Desousa, Nicholas' 
Cc: 
'Perrone, Joann' 
Subject: funds transfer request 
Please transfer $3,000,000 from the Black Family 1997 GST Account #3940 0141 4709 to the PLB LLC 
Account #4830 3052 4490. 
Thank you. 
Eileen Alexandeien 
Egad( Family Partners. 
eM Apollo Managemen 
W 57th Street 
New York NY 10019 
email: 
10/3/2012 
EFTA00589909
--- PAGE 6 ---
rta Bank of America ea 
VIMONIAMInhaildh OdfliplAdOW 
wx 0000 
000 268 016206 8901 AT 0.374 
BLACK FAMILY 1997 GST EXEMPT TRUST 
JOHN J HANNAN, BARRY J COHEN 
AND RICHARD RESSLER TRUSTEES 
W 57TH ST FL 43 
NEW YORK NY 10019-2700 
P
OF 1 
BANK OF AMERICA,
WIRE TRANSFER ADV 
FLEET WAY 
PA6-580-04-05 
SCRANTON, PA 
18507 
DATE: 10/03/12 
DIRECT INQUIRIES TO: 
800.729.9473 OPTION 2 
ACCOUNT' 394001414709 
THE FOLLOWING WIRE WAS DEBITED TODAY; 
TRANSACTION REF: 
RELATED REF' 
INSTRUCTING BANK; 
BENEFICIARY: 
2012100300160995R 
T520121003120324 
TRUSTWEB 
PLB LLC 
USD AMOUNT $3,000,000.00 
ID: TRWB 
ID: 483030524490 
EFTA00589910
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 1 of 1 
Barry J. Cohen 
From: 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 03, 2012 11:30 AM 
To: 
Barry J. Cohen 
Subject: signature needed 
Please sign and scan to 
From: Eileen Alexanderson 
Sent: Wednesday, October 03, 2012 11:28 AM 
To: 'Rim, Harry 3' 
Cc: 'Nolan, Mike' 
Subject: wire transfer request 
Please wire $10,000,000 from the LDB 2011 LLC Account #220-42260 per tcie following instructions: 
Bank 
Bank of America 
ABA # 
026009593 
Acct name 
PLB LLC 
Acct # 
4830 3052 4490 
Signed copy to follow 
Thank you. 
Eileen Alexamnlyn 
Black Family Partners. 
do Apollo Manage 
W 51Ih Street 
New York NY 10019 
phone: 212-B22-0622 
en t  giSixandemonglitoollo-adylsors corn 
10/3/2012 
EFTA00589911
--- PAGE 8 ---
Morgan Securities 
00It6A I of I NSP0PODL.ZI 000000 
LDB 2011 LLC 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS 
C/O APOLLO MANAGEMENT 
WEST 57TH ST 
NEW YORK NY 10019-2700 
Dear Account Holder(s): 
This letter confirms that on October 
accordance with your instructions: 
Detail of Transfer 
$10,000,000.00 
BY WIRE TRANSFER 
If you have any questions, please 
6341428 or (347) 643-9953. 
■ 
MORGAN CLEARING CORP. 
October 4, 2012 
WIRE NOTIFICATION 
Account: XXX-42260 
3, 2012, we made the following transfer from your above-referenced account in 
Payee Information 
BANK OF AMERICA, 
AC483030524490 
F#804620 
contact the 
Morgan Clearing Corp. Client Services Department at (800) 
■. Morgan Clearing Corp. 
Metrotech Center NY1-H051 
Brooklyn, NY 11245-0001 
POD12220 
Page 1 of 2 
EFTA00589912
--- PAGE 9 ---
Page 1 of 1 
Eileen Alexanderson 
From: 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 03, 2012 11:54 AM 
To: 
•Desousa, Nicholas' 
Cc: 
'Perrone, Joann' 
Subject: funds transfer request 
Please transfer $67,000 from the Leon & Debra Black Acct #3940 0129 9982 to the PLB LLC Acct #4830 
3052 4490. 
Thank you. 
Eileen Alexandea: On 
Black Family Fanners. M. 
c/o Apollo Management 
W 57th Street 
New York NY 10019 
phone: 212422-0622 
email: ea tigiLdena 
C104 L
Sm wr Luc 
(.14.A. L ce"advcr‘• 
gicn 
-a— A-
tAic A 
1C4F Pe.
10/3/2012 
EFTA00589913
--- PAGE 10 ---
Bank of America ea 
WX 0000 
000 268 016261 4001 AT 0.374 
LEON D BLACK 
DEBRA BLACK 
760 PARK AVE 
NEW YORK NY 10021-4152 
Pip 1 OF 1 
BANK OF AMERICA, 
WIRE TRANSFER ADV 
FLEET WAY 
PA6-580-04-05 
SCRANTON, PA 
18507 
DATE: 10/03/12 
DIRECT INQUIRIES TO: 
800.729.9473 OPTION 2 
ACCOUNT: 394001299982 
THE FOLLOWING WIRE WAS DEBITED TODAY: 
USD AMOUNT $67,000.00 
TRANSACTION REF: 
RELATED REF: 
INSTRUCTING BANK: 
BENEFICIARY: 
2012100300161136R 
T520121003120521 
TRUSTWEB 
PLB LLC 
ID: TRWB 
ID: 483030524490 
EFTA00589914
--- PAGE 11 ---
IA 
Bank of America 
IOC 0000 
000 268 016205 NO01 lit:74 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS,
C/O APOLLO MANAGEMENT, 
D BLACK 
W 57TH ST FL 43 
NEW YORK NY 10019-2700 
PO 1 OF 1 
BANK OF AMERICA, 
WIRE TRANSFER ADV 
FLEET WAY 
PA6-580-04-05 
SCRANTON. PA 
18507 
DATE: 10/03/12 
DIRECT INQUIRIES TO: 
800.729.9473 OPTION 2 
ACCOUNT: 000001200135 
THE FOLLOWING HIRE WAS DEBITED TODAY: 
TRANSACTION REF: 
2012100300119692 
RELATED REF: 
TS20121003091559 
INSTRUCTING BANK: 
TRUSTWEB 
BENEFICIARY: 
LBF HOLDINGS LLC 
USD AMOUNT $19,000,000.00 
r 
•t• 
ca.+) 4.4.4„. 
ID: TRWB 
t
ID: 000001195824
' a 
THE FOLLOWING WIRE WAS DEBITED TODAY: 
USD AMOUNT 533,000,000.00 
TRANSACTION REF: 
2012100300197801 
RELATED REF: 
7520121003021205 
INSTRUCTING BANK: 
TRUSTWEB 
BENEFICIARY: 
BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST 
ID: TRWB 
A- 
--rrvir 
ID: 000006623441 
[3:::". 
‘,—vtche.„1
EFTA00589915
--- PAGE 12 ---
Bank of America * 
IIIII.IIII,IIIIIIII.Illi.I.III'lliii,IIIII,IIII,II.IIIIIIIIIiiill 
WX 0000 
000 268 016208 0001 AT 0.374 
BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST 
C/O APOLLO ADVISORS 
ATTN: EILEEN ALEXANDERSON 
W 57TH ST FL 41 
NEW YORK NY 10019-2701 
P
OF 1 
BANK OF AMERICA,
WIRE TRANSFER ADV 
FLEET WAY 
PA6-580-04-05 
SCRANTON, PA 
18507 
DATE: 10/03/12 
DIRECT INQUIRIES TO: 
800.729.9473 OPTION 2 
ACCOUNT: 000006623441 
THE FOLLOWING WIRE WAS CREDITED TODAY: 
TRANSACTION REF: 
2012100300197801 
SENDER'S REF: 
T520121003021205 
ORIGINATOR: 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, III. 
INSTRUCTING BANK: 
TRUSTWEB 
THE FOLLOWING WIRE WAS DEBITED TODAY: 
TRANSACTION REF: 
RELATED REF: 
INSTRUCTING BANK: 
BENEFICIARY: 
2012100300201201R 
TS20121003021426 
TRUSTWEB 
PLB LLC 
USD AMOUNT $33,000,000.00 
ID: 000001200135 
00- M
4APT( 
141'
ID: TRWB 
lV‘ 
0'4
USD AMOUNT 854,000,000.00 
ID: TRWB 
ID: 483030524490 
EFTA00589916
--- PAGE 13 ---
PROMISSORY NOTE 
$33,000,000.00 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 
For value received on behalf of the BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST, the 
undersigned, DEBRA R. BLACK, BARRY J. COHEN, JOHN J. HANNAN and 
RICHARD RESSLER, in their capacities as trustees of the BLACK FAMILY 1997 
TRUST, promise to pay to BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, ■. the principal sum of 
exactly THIRTY THREE MILLION DOLLARS ($33,000,000.00) ("Principal"), plus 
interest accruing at the fixed rate of 3.0%, compounded annually. The unpaid Principal 
shall be due and payable in full on the day before the fifth (5th) anniversary of the date 
hereof, or on such earlier date as the loan is repaid completely. 
This note may be paid in full or in part at any time with accrued interest to the 
date of such payment on the amount paid without penalty charges. 
DATED: as of October 3, 2012 
BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST 
DEBRA R. BLACK, Trustee 
BARRY J. COHEN, Trustee 
JOHN J. HANNAN, Trustee 
RICHARD RESSLER, Trustee 
EFTA00589917
--- PAGE 14 ---
PROMISSORY NOTE 
$33,000,000.00 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 
For value received on behalf of the BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST, the 
undersigned, DEBRA IL BLACK, BARRY J. COHEN, JOHN J. HANNAN and 
RICHARD RESSLER, in their capacities as trustees of the BLACK FAMILY 1997 
TRUST, promise to pay to BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, MI. the principal sum of 
exactly THIRTY THREE MILLION DOLLARS ($33,000,000.00) ("Principal"), plus 
interest accruing at the fixed rate of 3.0%, compounded annually. The unpaid Principal 
shall be due and payable in full on the day before the fifth (5th) anniversary of the date 
hereof, or on such earlier date as the loan is repaid completely. 
This note may be paid in full or in part at any time with accrued interest to the 
date of such payment on the amount paid without penalty charges. 
DATED: as of October 3, 2012 
BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST 
DEBRA R. BLACK, Trustee 
Y J. CO 
Trustee 
JOHN J. HANNAN, Trustee 
RICHARD RESSLER, Trustee 
EFTA00589918
--- PAGE 15 ---
PROMISSORY NOTE 
$33,000,000.00 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 
For value received on behalf of the BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST, the 
undersigned, DEBRA R. BLACK, BARRY J. COHEN, JOHN J. HANNAN and 
RICHARD RESSLER, in their capacities as trustees of the BLACK FAMILY 1997 
TRUST, promise to pay to BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, M. the principal sum of 
exactly THIRTY THREE MILLION DOLLARS ($33,000,000.00) (`•Principal"), plus 
interest accruing at the fixed rate of 3.0%, compounded annually. The unpaid Principal 
shall be due and payable in MI on the day before the fifth (5th) anniversary of the date 
hereof, or on such earlier date as the loan is repaid completely. 
This note may be paid in full or in part at any time with accrued interest to the 
date of such payment on the amount paid without penalty charges. 
DATED: as of October 3, 2012 
BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST 
DEBRA R. BLACK, Trustee 
BARRY J. COHEN, Trustee 
RICHARD RESSLER, Trustee 
EFTA00589919
--- PAGE 16 ---
PROMISSORY NOTE 
$33,000,000.00 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 
For value received on behalf of the BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST, the 
undersigned, DEBRA R. BLACK, BARRY J. COHEN, JOHN J. HANNAN and 
RICHARD RESSLER, in their capacities as trustees of the BLACK FAMILY 1997 
TRUST, promise to pay to BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, ■. the principal sum of 
exactly THIRTY THREE MILLION DOLLARS ($33,000,000.00) ("Principal"), plus 
interest accruing at the fixed rate of 3.0%, compounded annually. The unpaid Principal 
shall be due and payable in full on the day before the fifth (5th) anniversary of the date 
hereof, or on such earlier date as the loan is repaid completely. 
This note may be paid in full or in part at any time with accrued interest to the 
date of such payment on the amount paid without penalty charges. 
DATED: as of October 3, 2012 
BLACK FAMILY 1997 TRUST 
DEBRA R. BLACK, Trustee 
BARRY J. COHEN, Trustee 
JOHN J. HANNAN, Trustee 
7-
RI 
ARD RESSLER, Trustee 
EFTA00589920
--- PAGE 17 ---
H 
PLB LLC 
Deposits and Credits 
Page 2 of 3 
Statement Period 
10/03/12 through 10/31/12 
ED P PA 
OA 60 
Enclosures 0 
Account Number 4830 3052 4490 
Date 
Posted
10/03 
10/03 
10/03 
10/03 
Amount ($) Description 
54,000,000.00 
10,000,000.00 
3,000,000.00 
67,000.00 
Wire Type:Book IN Date:121003 Time:1432 Et 
Trn:2012100300201201 Sndr Reas20121003021426 
Orig:Black Family 1997 Trust ID:000006623441 
Wire Type:Wire IN Date: 121003 Time:1441 Et 
Trn:2012100300202726 Seq:22635002774/004620 
Cris:Gib 2011 Llc 1D:2204226019 Snd Bk:Jpmorgan Ch 
Ase Bank, NA ID:021000021 Pmt Det:Swf Of 12/10/03 
Wire Type:Book IN Date:121003 Time:1217 Et 
Trn:2012100300160995 Sndr Ref:Ts20121003120324 
Orig:Black Family 1997 Gst Exe ID:394001414709 
Wire Type:Book IN Date:121003 Time:1219 Et 
Trn:2012100300161136 Sndr Ref:Ts20121003120521 
Orig:Leon D Black ID:394001299982 
Withdrawals and Debits 
Other Debits 
Bank 
Reference 
903710030201201 
903710030202726 
903710030160995 
903710030161136 
Date 
Posted
10/03 
10/05 
10/29 
Amount ($1 
66,001,800.00 
332,510.00 
242,812.39 
Description
Fxx2C9Q8Dr41000000.00 GBP @ 1.6098 
On20121003 
Fxx3P7M6Dr205000.00 GBP @ 1.622 
On20121005 
Fxy7L5Q9Dr150862.00 GBP @ 1.6095 
On20121029 
Daily Ledger Balances 
Bank 
Reference 
917910031400015 
917910050900007 
917910291000006 
Date 
Balance ($) 
10/03 
1,065,200.00 
Date 
Balance ($) 
10/05 
732,690.00 
Date 
Balance ($) 
10/29 
489,877.61 
EFTA00589921

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589922.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589922.pdf
----------------------------------------
Blending Humanitarian Care With Scientific Investigation 
P 
Preventive Oncology International 
May 12, 2015 
RE: Cervical Cancer Screening Program Sponsorship 
Jeffrey Epstein USVI 
East 71st Street 
New York, New York 10065 
Dear Mr Epstein, 
This request for funding is respectfully submitted to your foundation's interest in early diagnosis. 
Preventive Oncology International, a 501(c)(3) Public Charity, was founded in 1997 to blend humanitarian work 
with good clinical science. The foundation, known as P01, is based in the United States, and has worked with 
international collaborators in the Dominican Republic, Mexico, Peru, and rural China. 
P01's first objective was to define the effectiveness of the technologies that existed; and then improve screening 
for cervical cancer, a disease that affects 530,000 women worldwide and causes 270,000 deaths annually. We 
began by working on molecular testing for human papillomavirus (HPV), the virus that is known to cause virtually 
all cervical cancers. To date, more than 60,000 women have participated in our clinical trials, leading to improved 
care for millions worldwide. Our trials for cervical cancer screening have been documented in 100+ peer-reviewed 
scientific publications. See https://archive.orgidetails/BelinsoniPubMed22015 . Discoveries include 
significant breakthroughs in screening technologies and the creation of a functional and streamlined community-
based method for reaching underserved populations in rural communities. Our full list of accomplishments in 
cervical cancer prevention is noteworthy: 
1. P01 introduced Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) testing to China 
a. The results of our studies led to CSFDA approval of HPV testing assays in China. 
2. P01 introduced Liquid-based cytology for cervical cancer screening to China 
a. The results led to SFDA approval of Liquid-based cytology tests in China, as an alternative 
to the dry slide-based method of the Pap smear 
3. P01 accumulated international data that was provided as evidence for HPV tests to be FDA 
approved in the USA 
a. P01 testified before the FDA committee reviewing the Digene Hybrid Capture Assay. The 
Digene Assay was the only approved and available HPV test in the USA for more than 15 
years. 
4. P01 tested and validated multiple new HPV test related technologies that are currently available 
for use 
a. Sampling devices 
b. Specimen Transport media 
c. Multiple new assays 
EFTA00589922
--- PAGE 2 ---
Blending Humanitarian Care With Scientific investigation 
5. POI tested emerging diagnostic imaging technologies for use in cervical cancer screening 
a. The results led to diagnostic algorithms intended to predict the presence of cervical pre-
cancer and cancer 
6. POI completed studies resulting in evidence of the inaccuracies of current biopsy protocols based 
on visualization methods (colposcopy) 
a. Our studies persuaded leading health organizations (NIH, ASCCP) to question and 
ultimately study their validation methodologies for cervical cancer screening studies as 
well as patient care 
7. POI began a discovery program in 1997 that focuses on self-collection as a means to reach the 
worlds medically underserved 
a. We discovered several ways to improve the accuracy of self-collection for HPV 
b. We proved that a self-collected sample can be as accurate as a physician obtained 
specimen 
c. We developed an inexpensive and cost-effective self-collection kit 
d. We developed a non-liquid specimen transport system that 
i. Indicates the presence of the specimen to ensure adequate sampling, 
ii. renders the specimen non-infectious, 
iii. provides a stable setting for long-term sample preservation, and 
iv. Is resistant to unfavorable effects of highly humid environments 
e. We developed community-based and internet-based models that identify those who test 
positive in order to "focus the available human and financial assets of resource-poor 
healthcare systems on the evaluation and management of those who truly need care" 
f. POI is currently working with technology companies exploring and developing new 
inexpensive and effective methods for outpatient therapy for women with pre-invasive 
cervical cancer 
We are very proud of our record of discovery and the publications that share and expand the reach of our work. 
Today, we are in the midst of an explosion of new genomic markers for other cancers and diseases. Using the 
knowledge gained from our work in cervical cancer, many of these new tests can be adapted to fit our community-
based and internet-based self-collection methods for screening large at-risk populations. 
Although technologies will continue to improve, we believe that we have great solutions now. 
With your help POI can provide cost-effective evidence-based cervical cancer screening to the people who need it 
most. Our community-based models, combined with self-collection and new specimen transport methods have 
been proven reliable and effective. High throughput inexpensive cost/case assays are available that allow 
affordable massive screening programs. 
Implementation of our discoveries can transform the health of Nations of Women. 
We have now been asked to explore and design a cervical cancer screening program for the Philippines. Cervical 
cancer is a very serious problem in the Philippines due to its prevalence combined with the countries limited 
healthcare resources. In addition the logistics of reaching all the people, overwhelms conventional models. 
Currently 100 million people inhabit over 4000 islands in the Philippines. Using self-collection we believe we can 
design a system to reach all corners of the Philippines. We are confident although initially designed for cervical 
cancer, the models can be expanded to many other diseases and conditions amenable to self-collection 
technologies. 
EFTA00589923
--- PAGE 3 ---
Blending Humanitarian Care With Scientific Investigation 
We are hopeful that funding from your foundation will be matched by the Philippines and our collaborating 
organization (Florence Nightingale Global Health) who asked us to help the people of the Philippines. We are 
requesting $100,000 dollars to initiate these efforts. This funding will support local site visits to determine initial 
target populations, local staff training, sampling kits, sample transport and testing assays. 
I would be grateful to continue a dialogue that can result in funding for this important effort. 
My sincere appreciation for your review of this inquiry, 
Jerome L Belinson MD 
President, Preventive Oncology International 
www.poiinc.orp 
Professor of Surgery 
Women's Health Institute 
Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine 
www.poime.org 
EFTA00589924

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589925.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589925.pdf
----------------------------------------
JOSEPH R. AVANTARIO, CPA 
Phon 
EXECUTIVE PROFILE 
Seasoned financial executive with varied experience in front-office, middle-office and operational roles. 
Possess a remarkable business acumen, record of achievement. and depth of experience in dealing with 
complex situations and organizations. Key strengths include strong analytical, multi-tasking and problem 
solving skills, creative thinking, results orientation, and pride in producing superior results and exceeding 
expectations. Very personable and readily adapt to new environments; quickly having a positive organizational 
impact. Add value through analysis and profitability management, budgeting, forecasting and presenting action 
oriented suggestions. 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE 
Financial Accounting • Financial Analysis and Strategic Planning • Regulatory Compliance and Reporting • 
Equity, Fixed Income and Derivative Trading • Budgeting and Forecasting • Tax Preparation and Strategic 
Planning • Family Trust Accounting and Taxation • Policy & Procedure Development and Implementation • 
Internal Auditing • Internal Control • Project Management • Software Implementation • Operations • Team 
Leadership and Motivation • Work Flow Efficiency Evaluation and Strategy Implementation 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
SCHONFELD GROUP HOLDINGS 
Jericho, 
NY 
Chief Financial Officer 
April 2006 to Present 
• 
Chief Financial Officer for closely held family office with responsibility for operating businesses, 
private equity, and personal investments. 
• 
Lead the firm's accounting department handling taxes, audits, management and external reporting. 
Consistently assume more responsibility with less staff by focusing on automation and simplifying 
reporting. 
• 
Handle all the treasury functions at the firm, maximizing daily return on capital while forecasting 
and planning for asset/ liability management. 
• 
Contribute to strategic business planning and investment decision making by measuring and 
evaluating divisional and operational results and reporting on trends. 
• 
Liaison for bank and broker relationships, establishing credit lines and monitoring bank covenant 
compliance and reporting. 
• 
Participate in the implementation of the organizational vision as a member of the Operations 
Committee. 
• 
Consistently focus on opportunities to increase revenue, decrease expenses, achieve the founder's 
tax planning objectives and implement organizational efficiency and savings initiatives. 
• 
Responsible for the implementation and administration of the firm's PEO relationship as well as the 
firm's health and dental insurance and 40I k plans. 
EFTA00589925
--- PAGE 2 ---
Business Support Principal 
April 2005 to April 2006 
• 
Responsible for developing business goals and objectives for new business initiatives and for 
implementing business plan execution strategy. Prioritized departmental project needs; developed 
written operational and supervisory policies and procedures. 
• 
Implemented the firm's soft dollar and commission recapture programs. Expanded the firm's 
offerings into the international securities market segment. 
• 
Managed the successful integration of acquired assets of another firm's customer and proprietary 
businesses into the Schonfeld Group of companies, simultaneously expanding Schonfeld's product 
offerings and clearing relationships. 
Divisional Controller 
April 2004 to April 2005 
• 
Responsible for regulatory reporting, profit and loss statement preparation, MO reporting and 
financial analytical reviews for self-clearing entity. 
• 
Reviewed internal and regulatory reporting controls and procedures. Increased efficiencies in 
regulatory reporting through automation and process improvement. Discovered and corrected 
numerous erroneous reporting and accounting procedures. 
WORLDCO, LLC — New York, NY 
September 1998 to April 2004 
Chief Financial Officer and Director of Operations 
• 
Supervised the firm's accounting, finance and operations departments overseeing as many as 40 
professionals. Responsibilities included SEC filings, monitoring daily financial and operational 
compliance with margin, capital and customer protection rules. Created the firm's real-time margin 
system thereby resolving an outstanding regulatory issue the firm faced. 
JOSEPH AVANTARIO - Page Two 
• 
Implemented monthly reporting to the Board of Directors utilizing critical performance 
measurement tools to evaluate primary business drivers. Created and implemented a budgeting, 
forecasting and variance analysis system. 
• 
Expanded the proprietary trading division from less than 90 traders to over 800 and ultimately co-
managed an orderly exit from the business and conclusion of the firm's financial affairs. Structured 
and negotiated joint ventures which increased the firm's operating margins and stabilized the trading 
business line. 
• 
Started the stock loan department. Navigated admission to membership in the Options Clearing 
Corporation, and implemented the OCC hedging program and an overnight repurchase agreement 
investment program. 
CAMBRIDGE HOLDINGS, LLC New York, NY 
January 1995 to August 1998 
Chief Financial Officer/Controller 
EFTA00589926
--- PAGE 3 ---
Founding partner of an investment bank focused on structuring lease finance transactions, high yield 
taxable and tax-exempt debt transactions and petrochemical vessel acquisitions using capital markets 
finding. 
• 
Managed treasury, accounting and finance functions for a multi-entity organization with over 
$600 million in assets under management. Implemented accounting, budgeting, operating 
and regulatory systems and controls. 
• 
Responsible for SEC, regulatory and creditor reporting. 
• 
Created financial models for fixed income and equity offerings. Coordinated efforts with 
bond counsel and underwriters preparing prospectuses for public offerings. 
• 
Raised startup capital, negotiated loan agreements, corporate contracts and leases. 
CS FIRST BOSTON New York, NY 
May 
1992 to December1994 Reinvestment Municipal Salesman/Frader 
• 
Identified security and contract instruments to meet client investment and funding needs. Structured 
new money investment portfolios and restructured existing investment portfolios. 
• 
Managed $1.2 billion Repo book including collateral calls and exchanges, and daily marks 
under tri-party and DVP/RVP relationships. 
• 
Pioneered the use of low-risk derivative products to enhance portfolio return and provide 
liquidity for various governmental agencies and corporations earning over $7 million dollars 
for our trading operation. 
• 
Monitored government and corporate debt markets to identify opportunities for client 
portfolios. 
Internal Auditor 
• 
Evaluated risk management, accounting, internal control and operational systems and 
provided management with recommendations to strengthen these systems and controls. 
• 
Reviewed and reengineered operational and clearance procedures for increased control and 
operating efficiencies. 
• 
Reverse engineered various fixed income and mortgage products and derivatives to test mark 
to market pricing. Evaluated commercial mortgages and underlying credits to ensure credit 
worthiness. 
KPMC PEAT MARWICK New York, NY 
September 1988 to May 1992 
Financial Services Group 
Supervising Senior 
• 
Successfully completed accelerated promotion program. 
• 
Supervised and performed numerous, simultaneous audit engagements on a wide range of 
financial institutions to test their internal control and reporting procedures. 
EDUCATION 
STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT ALBANY 
EFTA00589927
--- PAGE 4 ---
BS — Accounting. Graduated Magna Cum Laude — 1988 -GPA - 3.87 
CERTIFICATIONS, REGISTRATIONS AND OTHER 
Certified Public Accountant: 
Awards and Honors 
November 1990 
National Association of Accountant's Award 
Signum Laudis University Honor Society/ 
Beta Gamma Sigma National Honor Society 
EFTA00589928

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589929.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589929.pdf
----------------------------------------
STATEMENT 
North Broward Preparatory School 
7600 Lyons Road 
Coconut Creek, FL 33073 
Phone: (954) 247-0011 
Fax: (954) 247-0137 
Guardian: 
Ann Rodriquez 
Payment 
Due 
Date 
Date 
Poleon, Sierra 
06/01/15 
04/21/15 
Student Number must be 
included with all payments. 
Description 
CS30007891 
15-16 Tuition (Gr: 06) Installment 1 of 2 
Wire - CS30007891 15/16 
Poleon, Emery 
CS30007892 
06/01/15 
15-16 Tuition (Gr: 10) Installment 1 of 2 
04/21/15 
Wire - CS30007892 15/16 
Statement Date: 05/15/15 
Family Number: C16812 
Page: 
Enter Amount of 
Payment Enclosed: 
Please remit payment via: 
PeerTransfer 
Select North Broward 
Start your Payment 1
New Charges Payments/Credits 
29,625.00 
-3,000.00 
Poleon, Sierra Total Due: 
29,625.00 
-3.000.00 
Poleon, Emery Total Due: 
Balance 
26,625.00 
26,625.00 
Previous Balance 
+ New Charges 
Statement Balance 
0.00 
59,250.00 
- Payments 
- Credits 
= Payment Due 
6.000.00 
0.00 
53,250.00 
EFTA00589929

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589930.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589930.pdf
----------------------------------------
Luxembourg Meeting - April 21, 2013 
Meeting Note 
On April 21, 2013, the International Peace Institute, together with the 
governments of Luxembourg and the United Arab Emirates, hosted a meeting at 
Senningen, Luxembourg, on the humanitarian crisis and mounting refugee 
problem emanating from the crisis in Syria, and the political implications for the 
region. 
The meeting served as a follow-up to a retreat for neighboring countries and 
regional and international stakeholders, co-chaired by the governments of 
Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and IPI, sponsored by the government of 
Canada, with the support of Switzerland, and held at the Greentree Estate in New 
York on February 24-26, 2013. 
Syria: Discussion of the evolving situation on the ground 
The complexity and duration of the crisis is among the largest ever seen, and 
have surpassed all expert projections. Last December the international 
humanitarian community projected that by June 2013 the number of refugees 
would grow to 1.1 million and of internally displaced persons (IDPs) to 2 million. 
The projections proved too conservative, with over 1.3 million refugees and 4.5 
million IDPs already in April, and an estimated 8,000 leaving the country daily. 
The crisis in Syria has led to a public health disaster, with basic services (i.e. 
sanitation, water, vaccination, etc.) no longer being provided, and a deliberate 
targeting of medical facilities, supplies and staff. Current estimates suggest that 
over 80 percent of public hospitals in Syria have been damaged and 30 percent 
are no longer operating. Before the crisis began there were 5,000 doctors in 
Aleppo; today there are only 36 left. 
Children are particularly affected, no longer being able to access schools and 
health facilities. A large number of children will also require psychological 
assistance to deal with the trauma of the ongoing crisis — which will affect them 
for years to come. 
Humanitarian organizations highlighted the importance of having people 
working on the ground, but the risks associated with it as well, with about 30 
humanitarian workers having lost their lives already. The Syrian government 
recently increased the number of humanitarian organizations allowed to work 
inside Syria, often together with the Syrian Red Crescent, but there are only two 
cross-border operations. International organizations highlighted the fact that the 
biggest humanitarian operation is done by the Syrian themselves, who host IDPs 
in their houses. It is also notable that before the crisis Syria was already hosting 
the third highest number of refugees in the world, behind Pakistan and Iran. Of 
the 500,000 Palestinians refugees in Syria, 10 percent already fled to Lebanon 
and another 40 percent are displaced within Syria. Palestinian refugee camps are 
now empty and only one third of UNRWA schools are still operating. 
EFTA00589930
--- PAGE 2 ---
Access and mobility within Syria is increasingly challenging, and some areas 
have been inaccessible for the last 6-8 months. In the week immediately 
preceding the meeting in Luxembourg, the Syrian government had announced 
that every truck seeking to deliver aid or medicine in Syria would now need a 
permit signed by two ministers to pass government checkpoints, which 
effectively stopped operations. Travelling from Damascus to Aleppo requires 
passing through an estimated 50 roadblocks, which means that, practically 
speaking, many NGOs and UN agencies in Syria have now ceased all operations. 
Neighboring countries are greatly affected - particularly Jordan and Lebanon, 
which face the pressure of the influx of refugees. In Jordan, the Zaatari refugee 
camp is already the fourth largest city in the country and has seen a surge in 
violence lately. In Lebanon, while the government has opted not to set up camps, 
Syrian refugees already represent about 10 percent of the overall population, 
causing tensions in the labor and commercial markets and negatively impacting 
services and security in the country, including of humanitarian workers (UN 
agencies may need to relocate their workers from Lebanon to neighboring 
countries due to security concerns). In addition, approximately 350,000 migrant 
workers are crossing the border from Syria to Lebanon. This year, unlike in the 
past, many are bringing their families with them, who are not classified as 
refugees. Closing borders with Syria would greatly aggravate the conditions of 
IDPs within Syria. 
What needs to be done 
Participants welcomed the informal meeting as an effort to bring together the 
humanitarian community and politics, and insisted on the importance of the 
international community being specific on the objectives and speaking with a 
strong unified voice. Humanitarian organizations noted that the Syrian 
government and opposition have behaved differently when international 
pressure was exerted on them in a unified manner. Suggestions were put forth to 
prepare a UN Security Council Resolution calling on all parties to respect 
humanitarian access and international humanitarian law (IHL). 
Such a 
resolution—which must be directed at all parties, not just the regime—would 
show a strengthened and united international community at a time when some 
actors still question whether humanitarian action is used as a cover for military 
operation. Any potential resolution or action taken would therefore need to 
ensure that this is not the perception. 
Some participants suggested that - short of the above resolution - a follow on 
UN Security Council statement could be issued calling for the respect of IHL with 
a particular emphasis on allowing medical relief. 
While neighboring countries - particularly Jordan and Lebanon - are going above 
and beyond their capacity to help, their social services are overwhelmed and 
they will necessarily require greater multilateral and bilateral support to be able 
to cope with the influx of refugees. Such support should include humanitarian 
relief but also assistance with security. This is all the more important as the 
EFTA00589931
--- PAGE 3 ---
international community will support these countries in keeping their borders 
open, in order to prevent an even greater humanitarian catastrophe inside Syria. 
An expert-level working group meeting, looking at how best to support 
neighboring countries and how to prevent spillover from Syria, should be 
convened. 
Due to the scale of destruction, reconstruction in Syria will take many years (and 
refugees and IDPs will therefore not be able to return for some time). The 
international community should therefore start preparing for "day-after 
scenarios" and devise a strategic plan for the region, taking into consideration 
the magnitude of the post-war reconstruction. This must look beyond the 
destruction of local infrastructure to include the societal destruction - within 
families, communities and between religious groups etc. Proposals for post-war 
reconstruction could also include the possibility of establishing a UN 
peacekeeping force in the country, to help prevent risk of descent into civil war. 
The UN agencies insisted on the importance for donors to follow-through on 
their pledges, particularly as needs exceed what had initially been forecasted. 
Member states should apply international and bilateral pressure on those 
nations who have not yet fulfilled their pledges of assistance, and encourage 
them to "give to the right people" operating on the ground. Current funding is 
only at about 40 percent of what is needed, and UN humanitarian organizations 
will come up with a new appeal next month based on revised 6-month 
projection, which could be in the order of 10 million refugees and IDPs 
combined. 
Additional ideas 
Concerns were raised over the radicalization of the conflict and participants 
welcomed suggestions on how the opposition coalition could be strengthened in 
non-military ways, and made more inclusive of women, minorities, and civil 
society. 
Additionally, some participants regretted that arms were flowing into Syria with 
little-to-no oversight, which fuelled the conflict. These flows also contributed to 
radical jihadists playing a greater role in the opposition. 
Several participants raised concerns about the number of foreign fighters 
present in Syria. Suggestions were put forward to establish a mechanism to track 
and discuss the issue beyond traditional bilateral ways. This should also include 
research on potential consequences in the home countries, once foreign fighters 
return - what they bring back when they return to their home countries (i.e. 
radical ideas). 
EFTA00589932

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589933.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589933.pdf
----------------------------------------
*** SALES ORDER *** 
From: Full Compass Systems, LTD 
Bill: Customer N 1007720 
VISOSKI, LARRY 
301 E 66TH STREET 
NEW YORK 
Ship To: 
NY 10065 
Today's Dt: 10/15/2014 15:23:56 
Sale No: 3134486 
Sale Dt: 10/15/2014 11:39:39 
Operator: tallrd 
Cus/Adr N 1007720 --
LSJ LLC 
358 EL BRILLO WAY 
PALM BEACH 
FL 33480 
917-868-6145 
340-775-2525 
PO 
VERBAL 
Order By 
SlsPsn Ship Via 
F.O.B. 
Freight Boxes Ty Login
JERMAINE RUAN 
tallrd UPS GROUND COMM MADISON 
FLAT RT 
O tallrd 
Part 
Qty Ordr 
Wh Bin 
Ds Tx Unit Price Exten Price 
OSLO-18-SUBWOOFER 
4.000 
X Y 
1393.420 
5573.680 
**** DROP SHIP VIA BEST PRICE COMM * * * * 
Subwoofer,18",Weatherprf,1364 
DROPSHIP-FEE-INHOUSE 
1.000 
X Y 
5.000 
5.000 
**** DROP SHIP VIA BEST PRICE COMM * * * * 
IN HOUSE DROP SHIP 
DROP SHIP PROCESSING 
BERLIN-15/H-FGREEN 
4.000 
X Y 
1709.210 
6836.840 
**** DROP SHIP VIA BEST PRICE COMM * * * * 
Speaker 2 Way Full Install 
PARIS-616-FGREEN 
8.000 
X Y 
810.000 
6480.000 
**** DROP SHIP VIA BEST PRICE COMM **** 
Speaker 2 Way Full Range Green 
MA12000I-BSTOCK 
1.000 
R F30C 
X Y 
3540.990 
3540.990 
Power Amp 2100W 8ohms 
CTS2000-BSTOCK 
2.000 
R F30C 
X Y 
1096.990 
2193.980 
Amplifier 2Ch 
Subtotal 24630.49 
Shipping 
603.20 
Expedite 
0.00 
Taxable Amt 
25233.69 
Insurance 
0.00 
Tax NTX NO TAX 
at 
0.00% 
Tax 
0.00 
Total 25233.69 
Payments 
Paid 
0.00 
Pay Info 
Prepaid 
0.00 
Terms HOLD ORDER 
BALANCE DUE 25233.69 
Shipper's FEIN 39-1279698 
EFTA00589933

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589934.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Thu. 25 December 2014 09:50:47 
Any changes made Ow this time are not reflected below 
Page 1 of 4 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
AgentDetails 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing authorization is received. Please contact your 
travel office by 11:59 PM on December 26, or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Sunday 04 Jan 15 
CITIZENS OF SWITZERLAND MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
American Airlines 
AA207 
Milan. Malpensa 
Miami. Miami International 
09:40 AM 
03:00 PM 
Terminal 1 
Y Economy Class 
41C 
Flight Information 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Hrs 20 Mins 
Boeing 767-300/300Er 
Lunch Snack 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Class 
Seats 
American AirlInes 
AA2355 
Miami. Miami International 
Charlotte Amalie, Cyril E King Airport 
06:40 PM 
10:21 PM 
Y Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 41 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 757-200/300 
Meal 
Food For Purchase 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 4 
Itinerary YFYSRC 
EKPRESS 
EFTA00589934
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 014 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Friday 09 Jan 15 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Class 
Seats 
Operated By 
British rways 
BA2386 
Charlotte Amalie. Cyril E King Airport 
Miami. Miami International 
08:58 AM 
10:59 AM 
B Economy Class 
Unassigned 
American Airlines 
Flight Information 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Number of Stops 
Hrs 1 Min 
Boeing 757-200/300 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
British Airways 
BA206 
Miami. Miami International 
London. London Heathrow 
05:10 PM 
08:30 AM / 10 Jan 2015 
Terminal 5 
B Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Saturday 10 Jan 15 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 20 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 747-400 
Meal 
Meals 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
British Airways 
BA554 
London. London Heathrow 
Rome. Leonardo da Vinci International (Fiumicino) 
09:45 AM 
01:15 PM 
Terminal 5 
Terminal 3 
B Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 30 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A321 
Meal 
Snack 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
Page 2 of 4 
Itinerary YFYSRC 
A.YE RICAN 
ID<PRESS 
EFTA00589935
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 4 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
• 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FIGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
• 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In. when available 
• Roan Upgrade upon arrival. when available• 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people•' 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at winv_amencanexpress.ccmilv. 
To book your stay. visit amerloanexpress.comffhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain mom categories are not eligible for upgrade: cal Centurion Travel Seneca (or details 
•• Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise. accommodations. transportation or other senrices, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services include-lg. without limitation, aM cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation Important akline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit http://myamextravel.comistaticeconditions for more information. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 a more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants, lighter fluid. fireworks, tear gases, oxygen bottles, and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain snicking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit titp:Phww.faa.gowatouvir walries,hazmat_safev.. 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. •Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense a damage to persons or property resulting, directly or 
indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbocking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or 
faiures of equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civi 
unrest. stokes. nos. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the pubic intemet. telecommunications lines or facilities. IX third party technology systems, or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppbers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
oaten suppliers pay us commission as well as ricentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to tine may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing channels. participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express prorinets to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppbers and these arrangements. Mcluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including suppler availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppbers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a dam with TCRF if the passenger ms owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider a such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed $15.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A daim must include sufficient documentation to prove your dam 
and a $35 processeig fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel fa matters arising out of a sale 
Page 3 of 4 
Itinerary YFYSRC 
EFTA00589936
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of 4 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim font by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur, CA 94977-6001: a by 
visiting TCRC's website at: wiwttcrcilo.org. 
WASHINGTON' If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product andfor date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seler of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of travel services or a 
vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information relating to your rights under the Recovery 
Fund and the fang of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Find. you may contact the Consumer Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at 
the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA 1850 East Sahara Avenue. Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104. Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
NORTHERN NEVADA. 4600 Kietzke Lane. Building B. Suite 113. Reno. Nevada 89502. Phone: 
California CSTS1022318. Washington U801600-469-694. Iowa TA0002. Nevada NV#2001-0126. 
Fax: 
. e-mail: 
Page 4 of 4 
Itinerary YFYSRC 
AMERKAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00589937

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589938.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589938.pdf
----------------------------------------
SECKENDORF HASSON & REILLY CPA'S, LLC 
CERT! FIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 
Bruce S. Seckendorf, CPA 
David M. Hasson, CPA 
Robert P. Reilly, CPA 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
JE ENTITIES 
c.o Richard Kahn 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 
Date: 
10/31/2015 
Invoice # 
6311 
For Professional Services Rendered 
Preparation of 2014 U.S. Individual Income Tax Return, including all schedules, 
calculations of credits, MC Recapture 
Consultation and Conferences regarding Charity Discussions and Planning 
16,400.00 
1,650.00 
Balance Due 
$18,050.00 
'"Please make checks payable to Seckendorf, Hasson & Reilly CPA's. or SHR CPA's, LLC. 
'To mako payments by Visa & Mastercard, please contact the office. 
All unpaid invoices that aro In excess of 30 days old will be subject to a finance charge of 1.5% per month. 
EFTA00589938

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589939.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589939.pdf
----------------------------------------
SECKENDORF HASSON & REILLY CPA'S, LLC 
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 
Bruce S. Seckendorf, CPA 
David M. Hasson, CPA 
Robert P. Reilly, CPA 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
c.o Richard Kahn 
6100 RED 11OOK QUARTER B3 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 - 1348 
Date: 
10/31/2015 
Invoice # 
6312 
For Professional Services Rendered 
Recurring Corporate Tax and Accounting Planning Issues and Related Consultation 
for the Month of October, 2015 
18,050.00 
Balance Due 
$18,050.00 
"'Please make checks payable to Seckendorf, Hasson & Reilly CPA's. or SHR CPA's, LLC. 
'To make payments by Visa & Mastercard, please contact the office. 
All unpaid Invoices that are in excess of 30 days old will be subject to a finance charge of 1.5% per month. 
EFTA00589939

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589940.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589940.pdf
----------------------------------------
Invoice 
Date 
Invoice 
t' S 'ot5 
Bill To 
13ig Blue Infatable 
Larry 
Item 
Description 
Qty 
Rate 
Amount 
Labor # I 
Prepare vessel for sea trail- 
I 
: tnni ou 
3900 nOT 
Go through bilge pump system check all pumps, 
floats and hoses. Prove 
Reinstall generator. 
Reinstall bow thruster. 
Install and prove triple power steering system. 
Install lower units and propellers. 
Install four batteries. Prove system. 
Assisit with vessel pick up. 
Provide shop trailer for vessel to go back on. 
27M-XHD 
Seris cranking batteries 
139.95 
419.85T 
SRM-27 
Deep Cycle Battery 27 seris 
I 
149.95 
149.95T 
8M0026568 
Harness Assy. 
I 
74.50 
74.50T 
187945 
Fuel Filter 
7.40 
22.20T 
05-3103600-00 
8" Deck Plate 
29.95 
59.90T 
Dep. 
Depoist 
-2,500.00 
Subtotal 
42,126.40 
Sales Tax (6.0%) 
427758 
Balance Due 
$2A03.98
Pay online at: 
fi 
Phone # 
Fax # 
EFTA00589940

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589941.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589941.pdf
----------------------------------------
LOA 
43' 
BOA 
18' 
Draft 
30" 
Passenger 
Engines 
2X 100hp Yamaha 
Cruise speed = 18Kts 
Round Trip = 3 gallons 
EFTA00589941

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589942.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589942.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 of 3 
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Docianent generated Fri. 02 June 2017 17:01:01 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Travel Arrangements for SHULIAK/KARYNA 
American Express Travel Record Locator BAXGNT 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
SHULI/K 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Ticket DL 0068627065511-02JUN 
Ticket DL 0068627065512-02JUN 
Monday 05 Jun 17 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
4A. 4B 
Space Reserved For Two Cats In Soft Carriers 
Fee O1150.00 Each Will Be Charged By Delta At Airport Check-In 
Please Check-In At The Counter With Delta Agent 
Online And Kiosk Check-In Is Not Available 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Delta Air Lines 
DL 840 
New York La Guardia, 
West Palm Beach. 
06:59 PM 
10:11 PM 
Terminal D 
A First Class 
La Guardia 
Palm Beach International 
Loyalty Program 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 12 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing (Douglas) Md-90 
Meal 
Dinner 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
2PC 
DL 
2501306751 
9162362520 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary BAXGNT 
InCAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00589942
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property. such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additionl details at v•ww a me rica n e 
res s z.:.cia 
To book your stay, visit amerloanexpress.comffhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cal Centurion Travel Service for details 
" Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
For more information on benefits and eligibility, please visit: 
• CENTURION FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: centurion.com 
• FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: litrneXtrave4 runlet& 
• The Hotel Collection: 
• International Arlin Program ap.americanexpressco) 
• Cruise Privileges Program: arnencenexpress.comkruseprivieses 
• Platinum Destinations Vacatioin: amencanexpress.comfinforedit-cardsthenefitskletailiolatinum-destinalions-vacationsiolatinum 
• Pay mil 
eveS5 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terns and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and coixibcos set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any ledgeq. tour, cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services includng. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of American Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries or affiliates (colectively. 'Amex') has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
imposed charges. ncluding. but not tinned to. daly resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-ouL You may wish to inquire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at ww.v.alli a rz. ecrt. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
International Travel Documentation and Information: 
Travelers dewing transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining al necessary travel documents and complying with all government travel 
requirements. You must present all exit. entry and other documents required by law. Amex shall not be responsible to you for any loss or expense due to your failure to 
comply with such requirements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carriage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws. regulations. orders. 
demands. or requirements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibikty to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your journey. Many 
countries require that your passport be vaid for up to six (6) months from your date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign cowry. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at bUp• rte -el ;ate.yaw:curtem A955perts.,e^alish,ccuntr).hurl. Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disdains any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on the foregoing 
website. 
Cuba Travel 
By traveling on your lb- army. all travelers are attesting that they are a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident and their travel to Cuba is authorized under the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations, and falls within one of the approved categories. For more information on each of the categories, please see Part 515.560 of the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations at littp±www.e: fr.co v. Additional information can be found at hr.; s ..',17O4.1(e.a.SM1114/0a.''e - rce•ce nte- s a-ct 
ge.e.'CU a.a spa. Travel for 
traditional tourist activities is prohitrted, and travelers are expected to maintain a full schedule of activities related to their category of travel. If providing any inurance 
benefits under the American Express policy would violate U.S. economic or trade sanctions. then the policy will be void. 
Air Transportation 
Airlines reserve the right to change your seats at any time due to operational needs(aircraft reconfiguration. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important 
notices apply to air transportation. Please visit intas±myame x:rx. •
' 
for more nformatico. 
• Airline Notice on Hazardous Materials 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5120). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and sods. oxidizers. 
poisons, corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants. lighter fluid. fireworks, tear gases. oxygen bottles, and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
Page 2 of 3 
Itinerary BAXGNT 
aANI
EG
EFTA00589943
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried ki your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further 
information contact your airline representative or visit https:,,Whvi.faa.gov.,atouvir nalives.tazmat_sale:y.. 
Liability Statement 
You understand and agree that American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affikates and representatives (collectively 'Amex,. 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shag not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. diectly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of emissions of travel suppbers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or failures of 
equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities. civil unrest. 
strikes. riots. theft, disease. accidents a failures related to the pubbc intemet. telecommunications lines or facilities. a third party technology systems. IN any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex 
Intermediary Disclosure 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppbers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itneraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and from tine to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to ow marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and 
these arrangements, including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recernmendrig dineranes. we 
may consider a number of facters, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
State-Specific Disclosures: 
CALIFORNIA: Upon cancellation of the transportation a travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled ri violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier. 
without obtaining a refund and such other prouder fails to provide the agreed-upon transportation a service. In this situation, the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establishing the disbursement of the customer payment. and if disbursed to a registered wholesaler of 
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seler of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with the 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of mere than S50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when requied. The maxinun amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed $15.000. A claim must be submitted to the TCRF wilhn 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A darn 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the claim and a 935 processing fee. Claimants must agree to wave their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating seler of travel for matters arisng out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRF's website at woewtrremfo or2. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within dilly (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
HAWAII: Please visit 
. 
. 
. 
L13:1;e:c:nsunier_nc,-,ts.;x11 for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which maintains our travel agency trust account is Bank of Hawaii. Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue. Honolulu. HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account. 
California CSTN1022318. Washington UEllr600-469-694. Iowa TA#669. 
Page 3 of 3 
Itinerary BAXGNT 
:
AMERICAN 
EGRESS 
EFTA00589944

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589945.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589945.pdf
----------------------------------------
CABINET ALBERTO PINTO 
PARIS. MARCH 31st. 2017 
Mr JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EAST 71 STREET 
NEW YORK 
NY 10001 
RE : 9 EAST 71 STREET 
REF : EPSTEIN NY 
NOTE DE DEBOURS 5 
OTT 
= 
LIBELLE 
PRIX TTC 
TOTAL TTC
Travelling expenses as per statement dated 
of 03/20/2017 
299.25 6 
299,25 O 
TOTAL (EUR) 
299,25 E 
EFTA00589945

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589946.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589946.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mr. Jeffrey EPSTEIN 
East 71 Street 
NEW YORK 
NY 10001 
RE : 9 East 71 Street 
STATEMENT DATED OF 20/03/2017 
TRAVELLING EXPENSES 
SUPPLIERS 
DESCRIPTION 
TTC (EUROS) 
AIR France 
Mr Huguen 's travel 
30/03/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
022,91 C 
AIR France 
Mr Dufour's travel 
30/03/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
022,91 C 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
30/03/2016 to 01/04/2016 
400,13 C 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Dufour 's hotel 
30/03/2016 to 01/04/2016 
090,01 C 
LA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen 's travel 
18/09/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
793,40 C 
LE PARKER MERIDIEN 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
18/09/2016 to 20/09/2016 
960,86 C 
LE PARKER MERIDIEN 
Mr Vilette 's hotel 
18/09/2016 to 20/09/2016 
956,65 C 
LA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen and Mr Vilette's travels 
30/11/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
800,00 C 
LA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen and Mr Vilette's travels 
05/12/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
397,60 C 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
14/12/2016 to 16/12/2016 
069,77 C 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Vilette's hotel 
14/12/2016 to 16/12/2016 
785,01 C 
TOTAL (EUROS) 
299,25 C 
EFTA00589946

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589947.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589947.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mr. J, 
The previous operator was the Kingdom of Jordan. Aircraft now owned by the Goverment of 
Abu Dhabi. "AKA Royal Jet / Presidential Flight Authority' 
Royal Jet has 6 BBJ's. Two new BBJ's to arrive soon as part of a fleet renewal. 
The aircraft shows well. The soft goods are in great shape. The headliner looks new. 
The woodwork has 12 coats of lacquer. Most aircraft are not at this level. This is certainly a 
VVIP interior. the metalwork and switches were in good shape also. Interior was 8.5 out of 10. 
The landing gear looks new as it was overhauled last 2014. Pictures forthcoming. 
The aft and mid LAVs are large. Each has its own shower. I have not come across a BBJ with 
showers. 
The aircraft engines have been swapped throughout the fleet. Normal when you have a few 
aircraft. 
The primary reason for the swap is to not have two engines coming due for inspection at the 
same time, which would ground your aircraft. 
The aircraft has the high altitude landing kit installed. 
Exterior paint was 7 out of 10. Paint did not have the wet look shine. 
You have the ability to add additional PATS aux tanks if you require more range. 
A few negatives: 
The soft goods and carpet were not my style as I like something more modern. 
Front entry doors left and right (LI and R1) could use a recovering as there was a slight 
discoloration due to sun and rain. 
Overwing exit door areas had scuff marks the bottom 3-6 inches. You should recover with ultra 
leather. 
The flat screens while large are old tech and not HD. Most owners are swapping out to 4K 
screens. 
I would recommend adding to the budget for an updated IFE system. 
• The C1 check is due AUG 2017.1 would budget 400-500K. 
During the pre-purchase inspection you should have a borescope done on the engines. Larry 
will be familiar with all of these issues. 
EFTA00589947
--- PAGE 2 ---
If you plan to move forward I recommend local (UAE) legal review to link up with your attorney. 
Most VIPs in this region use Bunker and Associates. B&A are the go to Aviation legal team in 
this area. They advise Emirates as outside legal and were instrumental in the closing of our 
BBJ deal. 
B&A are linked up with legal professionals in Oklahoma City that can assists with any import/ 
export issues and re-registration. Bunker reviewed our pre-purchase agreement and made 
numerous changes to our advantage. B&A directed us to proper aviation tax professionals to 
advise on our BBJ deal. B&A are Canadians. 
Best wishes, 
Matt Brown 
EFTA00589948

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589949.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589949.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ava Lambert 
From: 
Sent: 
Friday, March 20, 2015 9:40 AM 
To: 
Ava Lambert 
Subject: 
Bellriinger service contract 
Attachments: 
Scan 150790001.pdf 
Good Morning Ava, 
Attached is a service contract for the two gates in Southampoton that I've signed and returned to Bellringer. They will 
need a check in the amount of $1303,50 in order for the work to be done. Please include a copy of the contract with the 
check so they know what it applies to. Can you also please let me know about when the check goes out. 
The plan is to watch them do the service then next year we'll cancel the contract and do the work ourselves. 
Thanks 
Andrew 
EFTA00589949
--- PAGE 2 ---
BELLRINGER COMMUNICATIONS, INC 
1k- W. 120:03100 
830 County Road 39 
Southampton, NY 11968 
(631)283-3400 FAX (631)283-3930 
Customer Name: LW BLACK 
Contact: _TRAVIS-
Bill ing Address: ..BOX 8020 GARDEN ern, NY 11530 
 Tel.$:  2&3•46S0
base Location(s) 730 MEADOW LANE SOUTHAMPTON NY ( SERVICE GATE) 4. htta.tiA 5 et. z: 
Annual Amount S 600.00 Plus tax $51.75 totalling S6SI 75 
Effective Date:I/I9/20IS _ 
CONDITIONS OF THE MAINTENANCE AND PERIODIC INSPECTION AGREEMENT ARE AS 
FOLLOWS — 
1. Check and tighten hinges or rollers as needed. 
2. Inspect for excessive wear or stress. 
3. Check for brackets for secure mounting. 
4. Check track (slide gate) for secure mounting. 
5. Inspect for proper alignment and security. 
6. Oil or grease rollers, bearings, hinges or any 
Moving parts as needed. 
7. Check overall operation of gate. 
8. Check chain for sag (slide gates) and tighten. 
9. One oil change per year on both operators. (Spring) 
10. Adjust hydraulic pressures. 
II. Check electrical connections. 
12. Check all safety devices for proper operation. 
13. Cheek overall operation of gate operators. 
(A) Bellringer Communications shall not be liable for specific, incidental or consequential damages or losses 
caused by any acts beyond the reasonable control or for misuse or abuse of the gates by others. 
(B) It is understood that this agreement does not cover electrical or structural problems beyond the actual gate 
units. 
(C) The program covers normal maintenance limited to routine adjustments, lubricant and incidental fasteners. It 
does not include replacement pans or their installation, if required after inspection. You will be notified of 
any recommendations with regard to replacement parts and will be given the opportunity to approve the 
repair prior to our proceeding. 
PARTS OPTIONS — 
I. Necessary replacement parts we to be installed when performing preventative maintenance and 
invoiced as extra. 
2. 
A detailed list of recommended replacement parts will be supplied after each inspection with a 
quoted price for pans and installation. Authorization must be obtained prior to proceeding with 
additional work. 
(D) Workagformed under this agreement will be accomplished during normal working hours of 7:00 M. to 
4:00 M. at a special contract rate of S 325,00 net hour 
(E) Periodic inspections we to performed: 
weekly 
quarterly 
other monthly  
X 
 annually 
(F) Service will not be rendered under this agreement in any case that the customer has a past due account. 
(G) It is agreed that either party will have the right to cancel this program within (30 days) written notice. 
(H) This agreement shall not become effective until the gales and/or equipment are inspected and accepted by 
Bellringer Communications, Inc. 
ACCEPTANCE OF PROPOSAL the above prices, specifications and conditions are satisfactory and are hereby 
seeepred. You are authorized to do the work as specified Payment will be made as outlined above. 
Accepted by: I.t
--"z• 
Title:
f
nivel(' 
co, 
.3/‘//1
----
AA A& 
...4./
le 3 
Date: 
••••••••4
Approved by:  
ar0Z
b5^.---
• 
Date 
EFTA00589950
--- PAGE 3 ---
Ava Lambert 
From: 
Sent: 
Thursday, March 26, 2015 8:02 AM 
To: 
Ava Lambert 
Subject: 
Re: Invoices 
Yes to both. 
The Thuesen work was done at the 200 property at the lower cottage 
You'll need to save the Quogue bill some how because Miriam was looking for an invoice that covered the entire job and 
this would be the best we have. We may also need some backup at some point because these two hot water heaters 
have guarantees that run 15 years. I'll print a copy as well for my paper files. 
The Quogue work was to replace the two domestic hot water heaters in the main house at 730 Meadow Lane. These 
heaters where the originals installed around 1995 and were failing. Mr. black approved their replacement and we had 
made a 50% deposit. The work has been completed and this invoice is the balance due. 
Happy Spring! 
Andrew 
----Original Message--- 
From: Ava Lambert < 
To: crowfields10507 
Sent: Wed, Mar 25, 2015 9:38 am 
Subject: Invoices 
Good morning Andrew, 
Are these ok to pay? 
Ava 
AVA LAMBERT 
OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR 
ELYSIUM MANAGEMENT LLC 
445 PARK AVENUE, SUITE 1401 
NEW YORK, NY 10022 
646-589-0306 
> 
> 
EFTA00589951
--- PAGE 4 ---
Ave Lambert 
From: 
Ava Lambert 
Sent: 
Wednesda , March 25, 2015 9:39 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
Invoices 
Attachments: 
Thuesen Mechanical (Bedford) Inv# 15-0357 - $528.S5.pdf; Quogue-Sinclair (SH - 730 ) - 
Inv# 38348- 513,000 Balance form emergency service.pdf 
Good morning Andrew, 
Are these ok to pay? 
Ava 
AVA LAMBERT 
OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR 
ELYSIUM MANAGEMENT LLC 
445 PARK AVENUE, SUITE 1401 
NEW YORK, NY 10022 
646-589-0306 
EFTA00589952
--- PAGE 5 ---
Ava Lambert 
From: 
Sent: 
Tuesday, March 24, 2015 11:19 AM 
To: 
Ava Lambert 
Subject: 
190 outdoor tennis court 
Attachments: 
BLACK (4).pdf 
Categories: 
Sent to TPS 
Hi Ava, 
Attached is an invoice from Basil Rissolo Co, Inc for the resurfacing and opening of the outdoor tennis court in 
Bedford. They require a deposit of $1550. Please let me know when the deposit goes out. The company name may be 
missing on our copy of the proposal...lt's Basil Rissolo Co, Inc. 
Thanks 
Andrew 
EFTA00589953
--- PAGE 6 ---
BASIL D. RISSOLO co., LNC. 
630 Surf Avenue 
Stratford, Ct 06615 
(203) 375-5900 
' 
bdrissolotenntqaoLeom 
DATE: 
February 1, 2015 
PROPOSAL FOR: 
Mr. and Mrs. Leon Black 
Mr. A. Messinger 
190 Narrows Road 
Bedford Hills 
NY 10507 
Job Location: 
same 
Great Tenths Courts Since 1965 
A. SPEC7F1C:',TIONS FOR RECONDITIONING FAST-DRY TENNIS COURT. 
1. Excessive loose material and weeds will be cleared from the court and left on site unless noted below. 
2. We will apply 2 ) tons of green fast dry material over the court. 
3. We will water then roll with a power roller. 
4. A brush will be pulled over the surface when dry; this will be repeated. 
5. We will survey, set corners and install existing tapes and nails when possible. Nails to be pullealfrom tapes by 
others. 
6. Existing net posts, net, and centerstrap shall be re-installed. Net posts shall be cleaned and painted. 
** 00 
CONTRACT PRICE: 
$ 3100.00 
plus applicable sales tax 
Payment Schedule: 50% Deposit, Balance upon completion 
piailOStri 1Piii not be mild Ifreturned after March I.2015. 
EXTRA CHARGES IF APPLICABLE: 
a. Applying fungicide: 
b. Pulling nails from tapes: 
c. Supply new net and install: 
d. Supply new tapes & nails and install: 
$ 50.00/bag 
$ 100.00/set 
$ 275.00 
$ 350.00 
Member. United States Tennis Court & Track Builders Association (1969-2006) 
NY. Lica WC-4762-H92 
CT. 
S09147 
Rev: Jan2015recon 
EFTA00589954
--- PAGE 7 ---
Ava Lambert 
From: 
Sent: 
Friday, March 20, 2015 3:50 PM 
To: 
Ava Lambert 
Subject: 
Re: LaCorte Equipment - $2,973.16 
Yes, 
Sorry I saw this last week and thought, responded...but didn't. This is a new tiller for one of our tractors that Mr. Black 
had approved last year. Wasn't any need to bring it on until now cause we won't use it until the soil thaws. Farm stuff. ok 
to pay 
A 
----Original Message= 
From: Ava Lambert 
To: crowfields10507 
Sent: Fri, Mar 20, 2015 11:39 am 
Subject: LaCorte Equipment - $2,973.16 
Hi Andrew, 
Is LaCorte Equipment ok to pay? 
Ava 
AVA LAMBERT 
OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR 
ELYSIUM MANAGEMENT LLC 
445 PARK AVENUE, SUITE 1401 
NEW YORK, NY 10022 
646-589-0306 
EFTA00589955
--- PAGE 8 ---
ItORTE 
QUIPMENT 
Ship To: SAME AS BELOW 
LaCorte Farm & Lawn Equipment, Inc. 
522 Edwards Avenue • Calverton, NY 11933 
631-727-8700 • Fax: 631.727-1825 
www.LaCorteEquipment.com 
Federal Tax ID It 11.3478517 
Invoke To: LEON BLACK 
BOX 8020 
GARDEN CITY NY 11530 
JOHN DEERE 
Branch 
- 
Date 
Time 
.
• . 
Page 
Account No. 
Da 
Phone No. 
2122 
7: 
Invoketie. 
7.
Ship Vu 
Purchase Order 
MIKE PATERN 
Salesperson 
015 
EQUIPMENT INVOICE 
Description 
Stock It: 003982 
New 2015 JD 647 
Serial It: 1LV0647BKE0081997 
Amount 
2599.00 
New 2015 JOHN DEERE 647 NEW 647 TILLER (48" TILLER) 
Bale It 01 Subtotal: 
2599.00 
TOTAL: 
2599.00 
ADDITIONAL PARTS 
P/U DEL PEE 
3901 
Qty: 
Price: 
150.00 
150.00 
Parts Total: 
150.00 
Subtotal: 
2749.00 
NASSAU NY 8.6251: 
224.16 
IN HOUSE CHARGE: 
2973.16 
x 
RACIIIMS By 
• 20% DOWN REQUIRED ON ALL SPECIAL ORDERS 
• 20% RESTOCKING FEE ON ALL SPECIAL ORDERS RETURNED 
• ALL USED EQUIPMENT "SOLD AS IS" 
EFTA00589956

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589957.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589957.pdf
----------------------------------------
03/17/2011 10:58 
3407755706 
DPNP EXEC OFFICE STT 
PAGE 01/0: 
DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING & 
Division of Coastal Zone 
Cyril E. King Airport Terminal 
St. Thomas, t 3SVI 00802 
- 
t it ...- . w ,- 
NATURAL RESOURCES 
Management 
Bldg. 2" Floor 
2.---7.--
Date: 3/17/11 
i # of Pa
r: 
I 
To: Ms. Maria Farkenson Hodge 
' 
. .__ 
.. 
From: Jean-Pierre L. Oriol 
[-Co./Dept.: 
Co/Dept: DPNR-CZM 
Phone: 
Phone: 
Fax #: 
Fax#: 
CI URGENT 
FOR REVIEW 
OAS 
as 
PLEASE COMMENT 
C) PLEASE REPLY O PLEASE 
RECYCLE 
Comments: 
.... 
NOTE: This facsimile contents PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL LNFORMATION intended for the use of the 
Addiessee(s) named above. If you am not the intended recipient of this fraissile, you arc hereby notified that any dissemination or 
copying of this famitnik is strictly pmlulited. If you have received this Esotimile in error, please immediately notify: us by telephone and 
!chum the original farsinsile to us at the abort address via the U.S. Postal Service. Thank You. 
EFTA00589957
--- PAGE 2 ---
03/17/2011 10:58 
3407755706 
DPNR EXEC OFFICE STT 
PAGE 02/02 
Tel.: 
GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS OF THE UNITED STATES 
-0--
DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
Coastal Zone Management Program 
8100 Lindbcrg Bay, Ste. #81 
Cyril E. King Airport, Terminal Building Second Floor 
St Thomas, Virgin Wands 00802 
MID 
March 16, 2011 
VIA FACSIMILE:Ma= 
Ms. Marta TatReason 
Attorney and Designated Agent 
LS3, LLC 
1340 Taameberg 
St Thomas, Virgin Islands 00802 
Re: Little St. James Development 
Dear Attorney Hodge: 
Fos; (340) 714-8824 
I am very concerned that major development is occurring on Little St James Island 
through the processing of a series of minor CZM permit applications by LSJ, LLC. I am 
proceeding cautiously with regard to the further processing of such applications without 
answers to the following concerns: 
1) CZM requests a detailed inventory of a existing structures on Little 
St James as well as corresponding permit numbers; and 
2) aM requests a status report of all permits issued to LS), LLC for 
which the scope of work is not completed. 
Additionally, prior to the processing of any more CZM permits for Little St. James, I am 
hereby requesting a meeting to discuss the development of Little St James upon the 
submission of the aforementioned information. If you have an concerns or questions 
rdi 
this m 
, please feel free to contact me at 
or by email at 
EFTA00589958

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589959.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589959.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sold 
LSJ. LLC 
To: 
8100 RED HOOK QUARTERS 84 
ST. THOMAS 00802 
USVI 
Number. 
Par: 
Dam: 
06-004.2011 
6/3/2011 
SIT
To: 
8100 RED NOOK QUARTERS B-3 
ST. THOMAS 00802 
USVI 
Reference - 
No. 
Customer No. 
11-11-157 
Salesperson 
Ship Via 
I
"Jenne Code 
PON 
Item No. 
DescriptioniCommonb 
Quantity 
UOM 
Unit Price 
Amount 
01.11.24 
GINGER - 2 GAL S 
800.00000 
C/U 
080000 
4.24800 
01.11.24 
HIEDRAS - 1 GAL. 
500.00%0 
C/U 
4.000000 
2.00000 
01.11.24 
ESPARRAGOS • 8"AZ 
800.00030 
CAU 
000000 
2.400.00 
01-11-24 
TRINITARLAS - 7 GALS. 
40.00000 
C/U 
35.000000 
1,400.00 
01-11-25 
MULCH BROWN 
1.100.00000 
EACH 
250000 
8575.00 
Duo Date 
Amount Due Disc. Date 
Disc. Amount 
81152011 
11.823 00 
000 
Remit To: 
alLO. J. SERRALLES SECOND. INC 
80% 801201 
COTO LAUREL. PR 00780.1201 
USA 
Subtotal before tam 
Tutuila:ea 
Total amount 
Payment Salved 
Discount skin 
Amount due 
13423 00 
0.00 
13423 00 
0.00 
0.00 
13423.00 
EFTA00589959

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589960.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589960.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00589960

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589961.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589961.pdf
----------------------------------------
Centurion.  Card 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
Closing Date 04/28/11 
New Balance 
$4,698.31 
Please Pay By 
05/13/11 
See Page 2 for important information about your account. 
** We no longer charge your account a Foreign Transaction Fee ** 
All references to the 2.7% foreignuansactIon fee in your Cardmember Agreement for this 
account are deleted, effective immediately. And, in Your Agreement for TransferringEunds 
Electronically, the following Is added after the first sentenced the sixth paragraph: 
'However, we do not charge this feefor ATM withdrawals made using cards issued on U.S. 
Consumer or OPEN Pbtinum Card Of Centurion Card accounts.' 
CD Your payment of $4,698.31 will be debited from your account 
on 05/13/11. Any inquiry to American Express concerning this debit 
should be made before 05/12/11. If your AutoPay payment is less than 
your New Balance, we must receive an additional payment for at least 
the difference by your next Closing Date. 
E3
Payment Coupon 
Do not staplersr use paper clips 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
6100 RED HOOK QTR 
STE 38 
SAINT THOMAS VI 00802 
r
i
Check here if your addressor 
phone number haschanged. 
Note changes on reverse side. 
utfrot4 
51°17 
p 1/9 
Account Ending 4-32003 
Membership Rewards* Points 
Asofo4/28/11 
1,999,254 
D
C 
For details, please see your 
Membership Rewards page. 
Account Summary 
Previous Balance 
Payments/Credits 
New Charges 
fees 
Ratios 
44.133.83 
.44.80oto 
+saw 
(Now Balance 
Days in Billing Period: 30 
94498.31 
Customer Care 
Customer Care 
Pay by Phone 
1477.877-0987 
1.400.4724297 
D See page 2 for adcitional Information. 
Pay byPhone 
I-800.472-9297 
et
RICAN EXPRESS 
BOX 1270 
ARK NJ 07101.1270 
;he". itta 
‘ 4edev'' 
Q a-t e
slog( 
Account Ending 4-32003 
Enter account number on all documents. 
Makecheck payable to American Express. 
PleasePayBy 
05/13/11 
AutoPay Amount 
54,698.31 
Illrrrlrrrlrrrllll 
Ilrrrllrrlrllrrrlllrrrlrrrlllrrrrlrrll 
0000349990885308405 000469831000469531 25 rl 
EFTA00589961
--- PAGE 2 ---
MSS 
Centurion(' Card 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
Closing Date 04/28/11 
p 39 
Account Ending 4-32003 
Payments and Credits 
Summary 
Payments
Credits 
Total Paymentsand Credits 
Total 
44032.04 
4101.79 
44,133.83 
Detail 
•inecote posene cue 
Payments
03/30/11* 
ONLINE PAYMENT • THANK YOU 
Credits 
Amount 
-54,037.04 
Amount 
04/03/11 
GOOD LUCK CAB SERVIC21241943686 
212419-88116 
04/27/11 
DIRECT MKTG MISC 
WA 
.$55.00 
-S46.79 
New Charges 
Summary 
Total 
Total New Charges 
$4,800.10 
[ Detail 
piEl
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
Card Ending 4.32003 
Foreign 
Spend 
Amount 
03/29/11 
AT&TDATA 190 
ALPHARETTA 
GA 
800.331.0500 
Description 
TEL ECOMMUNKAT 
03/3W11 
ITUNES MUSK STORE IAUST1N 
TX 
Runes Music Store 
fika...( 
03/31/11 
r c/eCifk 
AT&T DATA 190 
ALPHARETTA 
GA 
800331-0500 
Description 
TELECOMMUNKAT 
04/02/11 
DUNES MUSIC STOREIMSTIN 
Runes Mu sic Store 
TX 
rala„."-;, 
$25.00 
$23.98 
toccd 
c( 0,4 u-
ey)u- pe;.:( 
$214.98 
0/
,/ 
i?nn f la i/ 
tetik 
$29.90 
04/02/11 
Gortni F *PAID STORAGEPAYMENT SVC 
03FEKRAH48160OPTE 10065 
GOGGLE 'PAID STORAGE 
520.00 
04/02/11 
LA MASON DU CNOCOLAPARIS 
PA 
47233825 
2220 
taopean union 
Loro 
$31.60 
04/03/11 
GOOD LUCK CAB SERVIC212-219-8886 
212-219-8886 
ST000 
04/03/11 
GOOD LUCK CAB SERVIC212-219-8886 
$55.00 
212-219-8886 
Continued on reverse 
EFTA00589962
--- PAGE 3 ---
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
AC VIM! LI1Cing 
32003 
p. 40 
Detail Continued 
fOre.gri 
Spend 
Amount 
04/04/11 
DOMINO'S 3682 0000035166123553 
5166123553 
FAST FOOD REST. 
$43.03 
04/05/11 
ITUNES MUSK STORE IAUSTIN 
TX 
ITunesMusle Store 
$9.98 
04/06/11 
PHARMACIE ANGLAISE PPARIS 
PA 
0143592252 
830 
EuropeanUAW 
Elm 
$26.00 
04/06/11 
EQUINOX 4130 
866-332-6549 
NY 
866.332.6549 
6)2 
,,,,s 
-0 1 
.• I 
..••• 
111. 
• 1 
r 
$120.18 
04/09/11 
AMAZON MKTPLACE 
MERCHANDISE 
WA 
$89.95 
04/11/11 
ITUNES MUSIC STORE (AUSTIN 
IX 
(Tunes Music Store 
$39.93 
04/11/11 
AMAZON MKTPLACE 
MERCHANDISE 
WA 
$1.58 
04/II/II 
WA 
MERCHANDISE 
$46.79 
04/11/11 
AMAZON MKTPLACE 
MERCHANDISE 
WA 
$119.95 
04/13/31 
AMAZON MKTPLACE 
MERCHANDISE 
WA 
$103.98 
04/12/11 
EQUINOX 0102 
866432.6549 
NY 
£tcczdcc'ct./ 
A 1,5 ik 
$120.18 
866.332.6549 
04/14/11 
AMAZON MKTPLACE 
MERCHANDISE
WA 
$83.18 
04/14/11 
AMAZON MKTPLACE 
MERCHANDISE 
WA 
$429.99 
04/16/11 
(TUNES MUSK STORE AUSTIN 
TX 
Nunes Musk Store 
$30.97 
04/16/11 
DOMINO'S 3682 0000035166123553 
5166123553 
FAST FOOD REST. 
$48.00 
04/18/11 
THE CHARLES HOTEL CAMBRIDGE 
MA 
ArrIvalOate 
Departure Date 
0015/11 
04/IT/II 
00000000
LODGING 
rt
$1,015.64 
04/16/11 
THE CHARLES HOTEL CAMBRIDGE 
MA 
AnlvalDate 
DepartureDate 
04/15/11 
04/17/11 
00000020 
LODGING 
\O t)
$90.84 
04/18/II 
DIE CHARLES HOTEL CAMBRIDGE 
MA 
$27.31 
Arrival Date 
Departure Date 
04/15/11 
CM/17/11 
00000000 
LODGING 
Continued on next page 
EFTA00589963
--- PAGE 4 ---
Centurion° Card 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
Closing Date 04/28/11 
p 5)9 
Account Ending 4-32003 
Detail Continued 
Foreign 
Spend 
Amount 
04/18/11 
THE CHARLES HOTEL CAMBRIDGE 
MA 
ArdvalOste 
Departure Date 
04/15/11 
04/17/11 
00000000 
LODGING 
04/18/11 
GOOD WO( CAB SERV1C212-219888.6 
212-219-8806 
51216.18 
$56.00 
04/25/11 
RUNES MUSK STORE MUSTR4 
TX 
Dunes Music Store 
59.98 
Fees 
Amount 
Total Fees for this Period 
50.00 
2011 Fees and Interest Totals Year-to-Date 
Amount 
$301.45 
50.00 
Total Fees In 2011 
Total Interest ire 2011 
Important Notice 
Information on Pay Over Time Features 
You may have access to one or more Pay Over Time Featuresas pan of your Card account. The following are the current 
Annual Percentage Rates(APRs) for Pay Over Time Features. (v) indicates variable rate. 
For Sign and Travel, the APR is 9.15% M. 
For SIgn and Travel, the APR Is 9.15% (v). 
Please refer to page 2 
for further important 
information regarding 
your account 
EFTA00589964

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589965.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589965.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Washington. D.C. 20535 
June 28.2016 
MR. MARTIN G. WEINBERG 
SUITE 1000 
PARK PLAZA 
BOSTON, MA 02116 
FOIPA Request No.: 1203982-001 
Subject: EPSTEIN. JEFFREY 
Dear Mr. WEINBERG: 
The enclosed documents were reviewed under the Freedom of Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA). Title 5. 
United States Code. Section 552/552a. Deletions have been made to protect information which is exempt from 
disclosure, with the appropriate exemptions noted on the page next to the excision. In addition, a deleted page 
information sheet was inserted in the file to indicate where pages were withheld entirely. The exemptions used to 
withhold information are marked below and explained on the enclosed Explanation of Exemptions: 
Section 552 
F (b)(1) 
F (b)(2) 
(b)(3) 
Federal Rules of Criminal 
Procedure Rule 6(e) 
F (b)(4) 
F (b)(5) 
R7 (b)(6) 
F (b)(7)(A) 
F (b)(7)(B) 
R7 (b)(7)(C) 
71. (b)(7)(D) 
F (b)(7)(E) 
F (b)(7)(F) 
F (b)(8) 
F (b)(9) 
2.149 pages were reviewed and 114 pages are being released. 
Section 552a 
F (d)(5) 
P. 0(2) 
F 00(1) 
F (k)(2) 
F (k)(3) 
F
(
k
)
(
)
F (k)(5) 
F (k)(6) 
F (k)(7) 
Fir Document(s) were located which originated with. or contained information concerning, other Government 
Agency COGAL 
F This information has been referred to the OGA(s) for review and direct response to you. 
Fi7 We are consulting with another agency. The FBI will correspond with you regarding this information 
when the consultation is completed. 
In accordance with standard FBI practice and pursuant to FOIA exemption (b)(7)(E) and Privacy Act 
exemption (j)(2) 15 U.S.C. § 552/552a (b)(7)(E)/(j)(2)). this response neither confirms nor denies the existence 
of your subject's name on any watch lists. 
For your information. Congress excluded three discrete categories of law enforcement and national security 
records from the requirements of the FOIA. See 5 U.S. C. § 552(c) (2006 & Supp. IV (2010). This response is 
limited to those records that are subject to the requirements of the FOIA. This is a standard notification that is given 
to all our requesters and should not be taken as an indication that excluded records do. or do not, exist. Enclosed for 
your information is a copy of the Explanation of Exemptions. 
EFTA00589965
--- PAGE 2 ---
For questions regarding our determinations, visit the www.fbi.gov/foia website under "Contact Us." 
The FOIPA Request Number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number in all 
correspondence concerning your request. Your patience is appreciated. 
You may file an appeal by writing to the Director, Office of Information Policy (OIP), United States Department 
of Justice, Suite 11050, 1425 New York Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20530-0001, or you may submit an 
appeal through OIP's FOIAonline portal by creating an account on the following web site: 
httos://foiaonline.reaulations.aov/foia/action/oublic/home. Your appeal must be postmarked or electronically 
transmitted within sixty (60) days from the date of this letter in order to be considered timely. If you submit your 
appeal by mail, both the letter and the envelope should be clearly marked "Freedom of Information Act Appeal." 
Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so that it may be easily identified. 
The enclosed material is from the main investigative file(s) in which the subject(s) of your request was the 
focus of the investigation. Our search located additional references, in files relating to other individuals, or matters, 
which may or may not be about your subject(s). Our experience has shown when ident, references usually contain 
information similar to the information processed in the main file(s). Because of our significant backlog, we have 
given priority to processing only the main investigative file(s). If you want the references, you must submit a 
separate request for them in writing, and they will be reviewed at a later date, as time and resources permit. 
See additional information which follows. 
Sincerely, 
David M. Hardy 
Section Chief 
Record/Information 
Dissemination Section 
Records Management Division 
Enclosures (2) 
The enclosed documents contained in Miami Field Office file 31E-MM-108062 Sub 1A Sections 6-9, represent 
the sixth interim release of information responsive to your Freedom of Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA) request 
Also, the enclosed documents responsive to your request are exempt from disclosure in their entirety pursuant to the 
Privacy Act, Title 5, United States Code. Section 552(a), subsection (j)(2). However, these records have been processed 
pursuant to the Freedom of Information Act, Title 5, United States Code, Section 552, thereby affording you the greatest 
degree of access authorized by both laws. 
Upon receipt of the enclosed Compact Disc (CD), please go to www.pay.gov to make an electronic payment' in the 
amount of $15.00, or make a check or money order payable to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and mail it to the Work 
Process Unit, Record/Information Dissemination Section, Records Management Division. Federal Bureau of Investigation, 
170 Marcel Drive, Winchester, VA 22602. Please include the FOIPA Request Number with your payment. Failure to pay for 
this release within thirty (30) days from the date of this letter will close any pending FBI FOIPA requests from you. Nonpayment 
will also cause an automatic denial of any future FOIPA requests. 
For questions regarding our determinations, visit the www.fbi.govifoia website under "Contact Us." The FOIPA 
Request Number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number in all correspondence concerning 
your request. Your patience is appreciated. 
•Pay.gov is a secure web-based application that accepts credit card and ACH payments online. and is hosted by the United 
Stales Department of Treasury. Financial Management Service. For frequent FOIPA requesters, it is recommended to create a Pay.gov 
account to retain an online history of payments made through Pay.gov and to retain specific information for future payments. To make an 
EFTA00589966
--- PAGE 3 ---
electronic payment. complete the FBI Freedom of Information Act and Privacy Act Form loaded on Pay.gov. Please note: fa refund is 
necessary, there is less processing time to refund a credit card payment than an ACH payment. 
EFTA00589967
--- PAGE 4 ---
EXPLANATION OF EXEMPTIONS 
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLES, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552 
(bXI) 
(A) specifically authorized under criteria established by an Executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy 
and (B) are in fact properly classified to such Executive order: 
(bX2) 
related solely to the internal personnel rules and practices of an agency: 
(bX3) 
specifically exempted from disclosure by statute (other than section 552b of this title), provided that such statute (A) requires that the matters 
be withheld from the public in such a manner as to leave no discretion on issue, or (B) establishes particular criteria for withholding or refers to 
particular types of matters to be withheld: 
(bX4) 
trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential: 
(bX5) 
inter-agency or intra-agency memorandums or letters which would not be available by law to a party other than an agency in litigation with the 
agency: 
(bX6) 
personnel and medical files and similar files the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy: 
(b)(7) 
records or information compiled for law enforcement purposes, but only to the extent that the production of such law enforcement records or 
information ( A ) could reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings. ( B ) would deprive a person of a right to a fair trial 
or an impartial adjudication. ( C ) could reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy, ( D ) could 
reasonably be expected to disclose the identity of confidential source, including a State. local, or foreign agency or authority or any private 
institution which furnished information on a confidential basis, and, in the case of record or information compiled by a criminal law 
enforcement authority in the course of a criminal investigation, or by an agency conducting a lawful national security intelligence 
investigation, information furnished by a confidential source. ( E ) would disclose techniques and procedures for law enforcement 
investigations or prosecutions, or would disclose guidelines for law enforcement investigations or prosecutions if such disclosure could 
reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law, or ( F ) could reasonably be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any 
individual: 
(b(8) 
contained in or related to examination, operating. or condition reports prepared by. on behalf of. or for the use of an agency responsible for the 
regulation or supervision of financial institutions: or 
(bX9) 
geological and geophysical information and data, including maps. concerning wells. 
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLES, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552a 
(dX5) 
information compiled in reasonable anticipation of a civil action proceeding: 
(jX2) 
material reporting investigative efforts pertaining to the enforcement of criminal law including efforts to prevent, control. or reduce crime or 
apprehend criminals: 
(kXI) 
information which is currently and properly classified pursuant to an Executive order in the interest of the national defense or foreign policy, 
for example, information involving intelligence sources or methods: 
(kX2) 
investigatory material compiled for law enforcement purposes. other than criminal, which did not result in loss of a right, benefit or privilege 
under Federal programs, or which would identify a source who furnished information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held 
in confidence: 
(kX3) 
material maintained in connection with providing protective services to the President of the United States or any other individual pursuant to 
the authority of Title 18. United States Code, Section 3056: 
(kX4) 
required by statute to be maintained and used solely as statistical records: 
(kX5) 
investigatory material compiled solely for the purpose of determining suitability. eligibility, or qualifications for Federal civilian employment 
or for access to classified information, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person who furnished information pursuant to a 
promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence: 
(kX6) 
testing or examination material used to determine individual qualifications for appointment or promotion in Federal Government service he 
release of which would compromise the testing or examination process: 
(k)(7) 
material used to determine potential for promotion in the armed services, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person 
who furnished the material pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence. 
FBI/DO1 
EFTA00589968

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589969.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589969.pdf
----------------------------------------
HIGHBRIDGE 
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC 
FACSIMILE COVER SHEET 
TO: 
Darren Indyke 
FAX NUMBER: 
(212) 750.0381 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. PHONE: 
(212) 750-1176 
FROM: 
Ron Resnick 
FAX NUMBER: 
(212) 287-4915 
PHONE: 
(212) 287-4939 
DATE: 
June 24, 2005 
# PAGES (incl. cover): 10 
Dear Darren: 
The revised Consulting Agreement follows for your review (blackline version). 
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions. 
Thank you. 
st wishes, 
cc: 
Glenn Dubin 
Mark Roberts 
Bill Shepherd 
Bob Caruso 
Yul Tobaly 
Bill Bulmer 
3onflderItlal 
HCHARB_00000266 
EFTA00589969
--- PAGE 2 ---
CONSULTING AGREEMENT 
This Consulting Agreement (this "Agreement") is effective as of June 1, 2005, between 
Highbridge Capital Management, LLC, a Delaware company (the "Company") with its 
principal office at 9 West 57th Street, 27th Floor, New York, New York 10019, and 
Financial Trust Company, Inc., a United States Virgin Islands corporation ("Consultant"), 
with its principal office at 6100 Red Hook Quarter, Suite B-3, St. Thomas, U.S.V.I. 
00802. 
In consideration of the mutual promises in this Agreement, the parties hereto agree as 
follows: 
I. 
ENGAGEMENT 
(a) 
The Company hereby engages Consultant, and the Consultant hereby 
accepts the engagement by the Company, to provide the Consulting Services (as 
hereinafter defined) to the Company, upon, subject to and in accordance with the terms, 
conditions and other provisions set forth in this Agreement. For purposes of this 
Agreement, the "Consulting Services" shall mean those certain consulting services from 
time to time requested by the Company as are identified on Schedule A hereto. The 
Consultant will assign Jeffrey Epstein to perform all of the services contemplated herein. 
(b) 
In performing its obligations hereunder, the Consultant shall at all times 
act in what it reasonably believes to be in the best interests of the Company and in 
accordance with the highest standards of professional conduct and integrity. Except for 
gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, or violation of applicable law, neither 
the Consultant nor any of its shareholders, officers, directors, employees, attorneys or 
agents shall be liable hereunder or otherwise for any action performed or omitted to be 
performed or for any errors of judgment in connection with the Consultant's performance 
of this Agreement. In no event shall the Consultant be liable to the Company for any 
lost profits or any indirect, consequential, special, incidental, and/or punitive damages of 
any kind or nature whatsoever. 
(c) 
It is understood and agreed that the Company may accept or reject any 
advice given by the Consultant. It is understood and agreed that the Company may 
arrange for or engage other persons or entities to perform the same work that 
Consultant performs hereunder. In no event shall the Consultant have any liability to 
the Company based upon the Company's failure to follow any advice given by the 
Consultant or the Company's following advice given to the Company by any person or 
entity other than the Consultant. Neither the Company's failure to follow any advice 
given by the Consultant, nor the engagement of any other advisors or consultants by 
the Company, whether or not for compensation, shall relieve the Company of its 
obligation to pay the fees due to the Consultant hereunder. 
(d) 
It is understood that the Consultant now performs and, throughout the 
Term, may perform financial and other consulting services, without limitation, those 
similar to the Consulting Services, for various clients other than the Company. The 
:Onfldential 
HC24ARB 00000267 
EFTA00589970
--- PAGE 3 ---
Company acknowledges and agrees that all services to be provided hereunder by the 
Consultant shall be performed on a non-exclusive basis and at times reasonably 
convenient to the Company and the Consultant. 
(e) 
The Company agrees that the Consultant may give advice and take action 
in the performance of its duties with respect to any of its other clients which, depending 
on the characteristics, requirements, directives and objectives of such other clients, may 
differ from the advice given to the Company at any particular time. Nothing in this 
Agreement shall be deemed to impose upon the Consultant any obligation to advise the 
Company to take any action or to omit to take any action which the Consultant, its 
principals, affiliates, employees or other clients may take or omit to take, as the case 
may be, for the Consultant's own benefit or for the benefit of any other client of the 
Consultant, if, in the sole discretion of the Consultant, such action or omission appears 
unsuitable, impractical or undesirable for the Company. 
(f) 
There shall be no minimum number of hours of Consulting Services which 
the Consultant shall be required to provide under this Agreement. 
(g) 
Consultant may not assign its rights or subcontract its obligations 
hereunder to others, without the express prior written consent of the Company. 
(h) 
The Company recognizes that the Consultant will perform some or all of 
the Consulting Services from its offices in the United States Virgin Islands. 
II. 
TERM 
(a) 
Consultant shall provide services hereunder until the earlier of (i) 
December 31, 2009, or (ii) the time this Agreement is terminated as set forth below. 
(b) 
Either the Company or Consultant may terminate this Agreement by 
providing ten (10) days' written notice to the other. If the Company terminates this 
Agreement other than for Good Cause (as hereinafter defined), or the Consultant 
terminates this Agreement for Good Cause, the Company shall promptly pay the 
Consultant the then unpaid portion of the Consulting Fee. If the Company terminates 
this Agreement for Good Cause or the Consultant terminates this Agreement without 
Good Cause, then the Company shall pay the Consultant any then unpaid balance of 
the prorated portion of the Consulting Fee calculated through the date of such 
termination, but no further payment on account of the Consulting Fee shall be due or 
payable to the Consultant for any period after such termination. Upon termination of 
this Agreement, whether with or without Good Cause, the Company shall reimburse the 
Consultant for all of the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses theretofore incurred by the 
Consultant as provided in Section III(b) hereof. 
(c) 
For purposes of this Agreement, a party hereto will have "Good Cause" to 
terminate this Agreement only in the event the other party hereto breaches any material 
provision of this Agreement and such breach remains uncured for a period of thirty (30) 
days after the breaching party is given written notice of such breach by the non-
onfsdentsai 
HO4ARB_00000268 
EFTA00589971
--- PAGE 4 ---
breaching party hereto. In addition, the Company will have "Good Cause" to terminate 
this Agreement in the event of the death or disability of Jeffrey Epstein. 
(d) 
Sections IV and V of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this 
Agreement. 
M. 
COMPENSATION 
(a) 
Payments. As compensation for all services to be rendered by Consultant 
pursuant to this Agreement and for the covenants and agreements of Consultant 
contained herein, the Company agrees to pay the Consultant a fee of Two Million Two 
Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($2,250,000) (the "Consulting Fee"). The Consulting 
Fee shall be payable annually in five (5) equal installments of Four Hundred Fifty 
Thousand dollars ($450,000) per annum. The first such installment shall be paid as 
soon as practicable after the execution of this Agreement by the parties hereto upon 
presentation by the Consultant to the Company of an invoice therefor, and each such 
subsequent installment shall be paid, upon presentation by the Consultant to the 
Company of an invoice therefor, on the 1st day of June in each subsequent year of the 
Term. Each invoice shall include a description of the services rendered to the Company 
by the Consultant. The Consultant will deliver to the Company an IRS Form W-9. 
(b) 
In addition, the Qualified Funds (as hereinafter defined) will be permitted 
to be invested in collective investment vehicles managed by the Company or any 
affiliate thereof in an aggregate amount equal to 0.85% of the total amount of (i) assets 
from time to time under management in Highbridge Master 
("HCC"), plus (ii) funds 
engaged in an individual strategy within HCC, on the same fee basis (including with 
respect to incentive fees, incentive allocations, management fees and administrative 
fees) upon which employees of the Company would be able to invest in such funds. For 
purposes of this Agreement, "Qualified Funds" means funds invested by (i) the 
Consultant, (ii) Jeffrey Epstein or (iii) any affiliate of the Consultant owned, directly or 
indirectly, by Jeffrey Epstein, in each such case which are invested for such investors 
and thus directly or indirectly for Jeffrey Epstein's own account. Consultant bears all 
responsibility for paying applicable state and federal income or other taxes with respect 
to any compensation paid to Consultant hereunder. Consultant hereby agrees to 
indemnify and hold the Company harmless from and against any and all losses, claims, 
suits or legal actions with respect to Consultant's legal employment or tax status. 
(c) 
Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Consultant for all of the 
Consultant's reasonable out-of-pocket expenses properly incurred in connection with 
providing services under this Agreement. Such reimbursement shall be made upon 
submission to the Company of adequate and appropriate documentation of such costs 
and expenses. 
IV. 
SOLICITATION 
The Consultant acknowledges and recognizes that Consultant will have access to 
confidential and other proprietary information pertaining to the Company and its 
:onfidential 
80?IARB 00000269 
EFTA00589972
--- PAGE 5 ---
businesses and the funds it manages. During the term of the Company's engagement 
of the Consultant and for the one year period after the termination of this Agreement 
(the "Non-Solicitation period"), the Consultant shall not directly or indirectly, induce, 
encourage or suggest any employee or consultant of the Company to terminate 
employment or consultancy with the Company, and shall not, directly or indirectly, 
employ or engage, or offer employment or engagement , to any person, either 
individually or as owner, agent, employee, director, partner, principal, investor, 
shareholder, consultant, advisor or independent contractor or in any similar capacity or 
otherwise, who during the Company's engagement of the Consultant is or was 
employed by the Company. 
V. 
CONFIDENTIALITY 
(a) 
For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Confidential Information" shall 
mean all information of any type which is commonly considered of a confidential nature, 
and includes, but is not limited to, all materials or information (whether or not 
protectable by patent or copyright) commonly considered to be confidential which (i) in 
response to a specific problem or issue raised by the Company to the Consultant is 
developed, furnished or prepared by or on behalf of Consultant for the Company 
pursuant to this Agreement, whether originated, developed, made, conceived or 
authored by Consultant alone or jointly with others, or (ii) constitutes Company trade 
secrets, patents and copyrighted material, original or unique computer applications, 
systems, software and programs created by the Company or exclusively for the 
Company by third parties, original or unique financial models created by the Company 
or by third parties exclusively for the Company, lists of Company clients and their 
contacts and requirements (excluding any clients, contacts and requirements provided 
by the Consultant which were not known to the Company), lists of referrals (excluding 
any referrals provided by the Consultant which were not known to the Company), lists of 
employees or consultants, vendors, suppliers, investing and trading strategies 
developed by the Company or exclusively for the Company by third parties, confidential 
business information of the Company, including strategic plans and business dealings, 
and all other ideas, processes, designs, discoveries, inventions, improvements, 
concepts, methods, procedures, techniques, written material, and other know-how, not 
generally known in the Company's trade or industry (whether or not patentable or 
entitled to trademark, copyright, or other protection), developed or used solely in 
connection with the Company's business, but excluding information or materials which: 
(i) were previously developed, conceived of, or known by Consultant through lawful 
means, (ii) are known, independently ascertainable or readily available to experts, 
experienced personnel or sophisticated practitioners in the Company's trade or industry, 
(iii) are readily available to the public generally, or (iv) are subsequently disclosed to 
Consultant by a third party who is not under any confidentiality obligation to the 
Company. 
(b) 
Consultant hereby acknowledges that during the term hereof, Consultant 
will be given access to Confidential Information. Consultant agrees that during and after 
the term hereof, subject to the Consultant's right to comply with any lawful demand of 
any court or governmental, regulatory or taxing authority having jurisdiction over the 
bnfsdential 
HCHARE 00000270 
EFTA00589973
--- PAGE 6 ---
Consultant and subject to the provisions of Section V(e) hereof, Consultant will disclose 
Confidential Information to persons or entities, other than directors, officers, employees 
or agents of the Company, only with, and strictly in accordance with the terms of, the 
prior written authorization of the Company. Subject to the Consultant's right to comply 
with any lawful demand of any court or governmental, regulatory or taxing authority 
having jurisdiction over the Consultant and subject to the provisions of Section V(e) 
hereof, Consultant agrees that he possesses no rights of ownership or use in, and shall 
not at any time hereafter claim any rights of ownership or use in, any of the Confidential 
Information. 
(c) 
During and after the term hereof, Consultant shall not remove or cause to 
be removed from the Company's premises or, subject to the Consultant's right to 
comply with any lawful demand of any court or governmental, regulatory or taxing 
authority having jurisdiction over the Consultant and subject to the provisions of Section 
V(e) hereof, use any Confidential Information or other material whatsoever belonging to 
the Company for purposes other than for authorized work Consultant performs 
hereunder. 
(d) 
Subject to the Consultant's right to comply with any lawful demand of any 
such court or governmental, regulatory or taxing authority having jurisdiction over the 
Consultant and subject to the provisions of Section V(e) hereof, upon the earlier to 
occur of (i) a request by the Company and (ii) the termination of this Agreement, 
Consultant will surrender to the Company all Confidential Information obtained by the 
Consultant hereunder. Consultant agrees not to retain any copy of such Confidential 
Information subsequent to the termination of this Agreement, except to the extent 
necessary to keep accurate records of Confidential Information delivered by the 
Consultant to any court or governmental, regulatory or taxing authority having 
jurisdiction over the Consultant pursuant to a lawful demand of any such court or 
governmental, regulatory or taxing authority. 
(e) 
In the event that the Consultant receives a request from any court or 
governmental, regulatory or taxing authority with respect to the disclosure of any 
information, knowledge or data subject to the confidentiality provisions of this 
Agreement, the Consultant shall, if possible and legally permissible, promptly provide 
the Company with written notice of such request and shall, at the Company's sole cost 
and expense, cooperate fully with any efforts on the part of the Company to seek a 
protective order or other relief intended to limit the scope of such disclosure or to ensure 
that any information, knowledge or data so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment. 
If, after compliance with the terms of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company 
is legally obligated to disclose any such information, knowledge or data, the Company 
shall be permitted to do so without being deemed to have violated this Agreement. 
VI. 
INDEMNIFICATION 
Each party hereto agrees to Indemnify and hold the other party hereto and its 
officers, directors, employees, agents and shareholders harmless from any claims or 
liability resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the indemnifying 
Onfidennal 
RO1ARR nnnnn,71 
EFTA00589974
--- PAGE 7 ---
party hereto in connection with or arising out of this Agreement, including tax or 
withholding obligations, which indemnification by such indemnifying party shall cover all 
loss or liability so incurred by the other party hereto, including, without limitation, 
reasonable attorneys' fees and reasonable costs. 
VII. 
LEGAL RELATIONSHIP 
(a) 
Consultant is for all purposes hereunder an independent contractor, and 
nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or inferred to imply that the Consultant is a 
partner, joint venturer or employee of the Company or that, except as expressly 
provided herein, Consultant is otherwise associated with the Company. Neither party 
hereto shall have any authority to act as an agent of the other party hereto and neither 
party hereto shall make any representation to the contrary to any other person or entity. 
Consultant shall only consult, render advice and perform such tasks as the Consultant 
determines are necessary to achieve the results specified by the Company. Neither 
party hereto shall make any, or otherwise represent to any third party that such party 
has the authority to make any, management decisions for the other party hereto or 
undertake to commit the other party hereto to any course of action in relation to any 
third party. 
VIII. 
BREACH; NO ADEQUATE REMEDY AT LAW; INJUNCTIVE RELIEF 
(a) 
Each party hereto shall be entitled to recover damages, including, without 
limitation, reasonable costs and reasonable attorney's fees, resulting from any breach of 
this Agreement by the other party hereto. 
(b) 
Consultant hereby acknowledges that, subject to the provisions of Section 
V(e) hereof, a violation by the Consultant of any of the covenants and agreements 
contained in Sections IV and V of this Agreement will cause continuing irreparable injury 
to the Company and that in such event money damages would not be readily calculable 
and the Company would not have an adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, Consultant 
hereby agrees and consents that, subject to the provisions of Section V(e) if the 
Consultant violates any of said provisions of this Agreement, the Company, in addition 
to any other rights and remedies available under this Agreement or otherwise, shall be 
entitled to equitable relief, including, without limitation, an injunction to be issued by any 
court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction restraining Consultant from committing or 
continuing any violation of this Agreement. 
(c) 
If the Company shall institute any action or proceeding for such equitable 
relief to enforce the terms of Sections IV and/or V hereof, Consultant hereby waives and 
agrees not to assert the claim or defense that the Company has an adequate remedy at 
law. 
(d) 
The rights and remedies of each party hereto provided for in this 
Agreement shall be deemed to be cumulative and concurrent and in addition to and not 
in limitation or exclusion of all other rights and remedies, whether at law or in equity or 
otherwise, which may exist on the part of such party hereto by reason of any breach of 
:onfsdential 
HO4ARB_00000272 
EFTA00589975
--- PAGE 8 ---
any provision of this Agreement. The exercise or attempted exercise by any such party 
hereto of any such rights or remedies shall not preclude the simultaneous or later 
exercise by such party of any or all other such rights or remedies. No course of dealing 
by any party hereto, or any delay or omission of any party hereto in exercising any 
rights or remedies under this Agreement, shall operate as a waiver of such right or 
remedy or any other rights or remedies of such party hereto. 
IX. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
(a) 
This Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding of the 
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior 
representations, warranties, covenants, promises, undertakings, commitments, 
conditions, agreements and other provisions, whether verbal or written, by any party 
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, which representations, warranties, 
covenants, promises, undertakings, commitments, conditions, agreements, and other 
provisions are hereby canceled. Any modification hereof shall not be effective unless 
contained in a writing signed by parties hereto. No waiver of any provision of this 
Agreement shall be effective unless in writing signed by the party against whom such 
waiver is sought to be enforced. No effective waiver of any right under this Agreement 
shall preclude the further exercise of such right or the exercise of any other right under 
this Agreement. Each such effective waiver shall only be effective in the specific 
instance and for the specific purpose for which such waiver is given. 
(b) 
Each provision of this Agreement shall be considered severable such that 
if any one provision or clause conflicts with existing or future applicable law, or may not 
be given full effect because of such law, this shall not affect any other provision of this 
Agreement, which can be given effect without the conflicting provision or clause. The 
parties hereto agree that they will amend the terms of provisions determined to be 
invalid or unenforceable, but only in the most minimal manner necessary to make such 
terms valid and enforceable. 
(c) 
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their 
respective successors and assigns. 
(d) 
Each party hereto hereby represents that that such party has read and 
understands the terms of this Agreement, has had an opportunity to ask any questions 
and to seek the assistance of legal counsel regarding these terms, and is not relying 
upon any advice from the other party hereto in this regard. 
(e) 
This Agreement shall be govemed by the laws of the State of New York, 
excluding its choice of law rules, regardless of where the Company's work is performed 
and any litigation with respect to this Agreement may be brought in the federal or state 
courts located in New York City. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the 
non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that service to such party 
of all process in connection with all proceedings relating to, arising out of or connected 
with this Agreement before any of such courts will be effective if mailed to such party 
postage pre-paid by certified mail, return receipt requested at the address of such party 
:onrsaentsai 
80?IARB 00000273 
EFTA00589976
--- PAGE 9 ---
set forth at the opening of this Agreement or to such other address as may be 
designated by such party by notice given to the other party hereto in like manner. 
Executed by the undersigned, effective as of the first date written above: 
HIGHBRIDGE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC 
By:  
Glenn Dubin 
Co-Chief Executive Officer 
CONSULTANT 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
By:  
Jeffrey Epstein 
President 
:onfidential 
HO4ARB_00000274 
EFTA00589977

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589978.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589978.pdf
----------------------------------------
Nov 03 2017 01:34W1 Ruberto, Israel & Weiner 6177422355 
page 1 
RUBERTO, ISRAEL &WEINER 
Fax 
To: 
From: 
255 State Street, 74 Floor 
Boston. MA 02109 
Telephone 617.742.4200 
Facsimile 617.7422355 
Richard Kahn 
Company: 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
Deborah Pechet Quintet, Esq. 
Fax: 
November 3, 2017 
Telephone: 
Pages (including cover page): 
Our File No:  -ME
Chomsky 
Comments: 
Please sec attached as requested. Thank you. 
Jayne L. Mahoney, Paralegal 
EFTA00589978
--- PAGE 2 ---
Nov 03 2017 01:34PM Ruberto, Israel & Weiner 6177422355 
page 2 
Page 1 of.2 
• 
I 
lialmnarti 
kohlsoberg@hekblaw.conankohlenberg@bekblaw.com> 
Account summaries 
From: 
Oct 19, 2017, 32:O1:05 PM 
To: Deborah Quina 
Good morning Deborah 
now sending along to you the summary information with respect to the Carol S. Chomsky Non-Exempt 
Marital Trust and the Carol S. Chomsky Exempt Marital Trust. Please let me note a few aspects, as 
follows: 
1. As you'll see, there is a one page summary for each of the trusts which shows, year by year, sources of 
income and items of expense, as well as distributions made to or on behalf of Noam. We have broken out 
income into the categories we thought most likely to be of use and have likewise broken out expenses 
among typical categories. 
2. The third sheet that I've attached aggregates the income and expense information for both trusts and 
provides a Trust Accounting Income analysis, with comparison of that income to actual distributions for 
each year. 
I hope you II find that these reports give you, Noam and Valero the information that you're looking for, 
but I'll be standing by to answer questions, of course. If you wish I can also provide you with copies of the 
underlying account statements, bearing In mind that those run to several thousand pages. 
As I mentioned in our exchanges yesterday, I'll be out of the office through October 30. On my return 
anticipate being called as a witness in a trial, but the trial schedule is still up in the air, so my availability 
during the week of the 3Oth may be spotty. Please bear with me. 
Thanks, 
Max 
A. Max Kohlenberg 
Howland Evangelista Kohlenberg Burnett, LLP 
This email and any attachments thereto are intended only for use by the addressee(s) named herein and 
may contain legally privileged and/or confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of 
11/3/2017 
EFTA00589979
--- PAGE 3 ---
Nov 03 2017 01:34Ftl Roberto, Israel •St Weiner 6177422355 
page 3
Carol teem* Non•Exampt M rite Trost
Summary 
• Year. 
OMdend 
Income 
Inures; Municipal 
Income 
Trustee 
Fees 
Tax Prep 
Fee 
Legal Fee 
Real 
Estate 
TIM 
',vestment 
management 
fees 
Mangn 
Interest 
Unifiers 
Distributions 
2010 2,561.73 
673.51. 
611.34 
3,467.24 
27,680.74 
2011 5.854.73 
3,716.64 
5.064.04 
95475 
3,947.87 
65000.00 
2012 5,634.29 
2,369.32 
7486.41 
752.00 
- 
65,000.00 
2013 5,105.12 
1,770.21. 
2,954.77 
1,064.00 
• 
73,236.92 
2014 4,954.35 
1,770.21 1.735.81 
491.00 
- 
70,000.00 
2015 4,624.12 
0.05 
89552 
• 
1.43900 
60,000.00 
2016 2,65L71 
0.62 
- 
- 
1,450.00 
2,314.31 
1,636.00 
17.74 
60,000.00 
EFTA00589980
--- PAGE 4 ---
Nov 03 2017 01:34Ftl Ruberto, Israel 8 Weiner 6177422355 
Page 4
Card S. Choensio. Exempt Marital Trust 
Summary 
' • Mend 
Year • MIMI 
yterest 
Municipal 
Income 
/ 
Othor 
Scam 
trustee 
Tees 
Tax Tep 
Fee 
Legal Sees Flea Estate 
Taxis 
• 
hymnal, t - 
osa81880768. 
Ins ' 
My* ' 
IntOest 
iliteflary 
041060 ms 
2010 
4,069.44 
135.29 
1.075.95 
298.28 
2,682.42 
7277.00 
909.00 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
_ 14,721.05 
19,165.79 
20.19 
3,213.02 
8,464.44 
786.75 
487.75 
5,508.30 
6.880.00 
19.67 
4,320.79 
9,065.79 
9,334.55 
751.25 
4.462.00 
24,92732 
6.89 
9,438.54 
1,681.00 
8,389.00 
26,54350 
5.19 
7.33629 
471837 
517.00 
14,507.00 
4477.00 
4,907.81-
2015 26,876.73 
20.49 
4,94633 
13.86 
23,252.00 
2016 32,064.61 2,15512 
19.36230 
3,250.00 
2,485.00 
26,396.00 
4245 
EFTA00589981
--- PAGE 5 ---
Nov 03 2017 01:34FM Ruberto, Israel & Weiner 6177422355 
page 5 
Carol S. Chomsky lion-Exempt Marital Trust and Carol S. Onmsky Exempt Marital Trust 
Summa 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
Exempt Sham TM 
2,654.05 
4,136.48 
14,388.96 
24,663.47 
21,385.79 
17,777.70 
36,495.30 
Nomemunpt Shiro TAI 
(1,314.85) 
4,586.05 
6,534.06 
5,101.06 
5,570.41 
3.656.91 
(51.60) 
Total TAI 
1,33920 
8,724.53 
20,923.02 
29,964.53 
26,956.20 
21,434.61 
36,443.70 
Beneficiary Distributiorn 
122,589.74 
65,000.00 
65,000.00 
73,236.92 
70,000.00 
60,000.00 
COO 00 
DistrIbut cons over TAI 
(121.25054) (56,275A7) (44,076.98) (43,272.39) (43,043.80) (38,565 39) 123551301 
EFTA00589982

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589983.pdf
----------------------------------------
Statement 
Tonja Haddad, PA 
954.467.1223 
Bill to 
Darren Indyke 
Jeffrey Epstein 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
United States 
Statement Date: 
10/27/2017 
I 
860 
Statement No. 
Terms 
NET 10 days 
I 
11/6/2017 
Due Date 
Case Name 
PO No. 
Billing Type 
Rate 
Rothstein Edwards Litigation 
Retainer - Hourly 
425.00 
Amount 
Work Hours 
Date 
Description 
Total hours: 
75.05 
Hours 
10/1/2017 
10/2/2017 
10/3/2017 
10/4/2017 
10/5/2017 
10/6/2017 
10/9/2017 
10/10/2017 
Review and respond to multiple correspondence. 
Teleconference with co-counsels. Review and 
respond to communications. Conduct research 
and prepare for hearing. 
Prepare for and attend hearings on Motions. 
Meetings with co-counsels, 
Communications with client. Review SJ Opposition 
Motion and begin drafting Motion for Sanctions. 
Conduct additional research and finalize Motoin for 
Sanctions. Communications with co-counsels 
regarding same. Review Verified Answers to 
Interrogatires. Review communications from 
Scarola regarding expert witness. 
Review and respond to emails from opposing 
cousnel and co-counsels. Review Proposed Order 
and send proposed revisions. 
Review Transcript from hearing of October 3. 
Communications with co-sounsels. research 
regarding recusal. Fraft Answers to Expert 
0.50 
5.80 
12.10 
2.70 
6.50 
2.50 
1.30 
5.10 
31,896.25 
Page No.1 
EFTA00589983
--- PAGE 2 ---
Work Hours 
Date 
10/11/2017 
10/12/2017 
10/13/2017 
10/16/2017 
10/19/2017 
10/20/2017 
10/23/2017 
10/24/2017 
10/26/2017 
Description 
I Flours 
Interrogatires. 
Conduct additional research and draft response to 
11.80 
Edwards's Motion in Limine. Revise answers to 
expert interrogatories and file. Draft Motion to 
Disqualify Judge. 
Review and respond to multiple correspondence. 
3.80 
Teleconferences with DKI. 
review timeline of CVRA case, transcripts, and 
3.10 
edits to Motion. Communications with co-counsel. 
Review discovery filed by co-counsel and served 
upon Edwards. 
Review additional witness list. Multiple 
3.70 
communications with client and co-counsels 
regarding mediators, new co-counsel, and case. 
Hearing to procure hearing dates in West Palm. 
3.80 
Communications with co-counsels. 
Receive and review Proposal for Settlement, 
2.40 
Expert reports, and Deposition Designations. 
Communications with co-counsel and opposing 
counsel. 
Review correspondence and Notices for Mediation 1.20 
and Deposition. Commincations with co-counsels 
regarding same. 
Travel to and attend meeting with new attorneys. 
7.90 
Multiple communications with co-counsels and 
0.85 
opposing counsel regardinf dates and documents. 
Total hours: 
75.05 
Amount 
Subtotal 
Total Due 
31,896.25 
31,896.25 
31,896.25 
Page No.2 
EFTA00589984

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589985.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589985.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 MC 08-03-69 
PhCellbt. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
PLERPY 
Travel Arrangements for: 
EPSTEIN/JEFFREY EDWARD 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas Cam Collect 
Agent ID. P1 
INVOICE 
Generated: February 13.2014 11:35 AM 
Page 1 of 3 
CHARGES 
TICKET INFORMATION: EPSTEIN/JEFFREY EDWARD 
Total charged to American Express 
0.00 
Aidne Name: 
AIR FRANCE 
Ticket Date: 
2/13/2014 
Ticket Base Fare: 
0.00 
Ticket Number: 
7381795999 
Invoice: 
0469376 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees: 
0.00 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
0.00 
Ticket Exchange 
Original Fare/Ticket Credit - 3561: 
(18.012.90) 
New Fare/Ticket - 7381795999: 
18.012.90 
Amount Charge/Credit: 
0.00 
CHARGES 
TICKET INFORMATION: 
Total charged to American Express 
0.00 
Airline Name: 
AIR FRANCE 
Ticket Date: 
2/13/2014 
Ticket Base Fare: 
0.00 
Ticket Number: 
7381958000 
Invoice: 
0469377 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees: 
0.00 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
0.00 
Ticket Exchange 
Original Fare/Ticket Credit - 3566: 
(1.035.90) 
New Fare/Ticket - 7381958000: 
1.035.90 
Amount Charge/Credit: 
0.00 
Travel Details: 
Thursday February 20, 2014 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
Flight: 
Departure: 
Arrival: 
Departure Terminal: 
Arrival Termnal: 
Seats: 
Class: 
AIR FRANCE 
8:20 am 
10:30 am 
Pans De Gaulle. FRANCE 
New York JFK. NY 
AEROGARE 2 TERMINAL E 
TERMINAL 1 
01A 01L 
First 
Airline Record Locator 
Equipment: 
Estimated Time: 
Distance: 
Meal: 
Boeing 777-200 
HR 10 MIN 
3.635 Mies 
Breakfast meal 
LOYALTY PROGRAMS 
Vendor 
AIR FRANCE 
Additional Information: 
Account 
9209114272 
Traveler 
EPSTEIN/JEFFREY EDWARD 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
-------------------
LIB 
EFTA00589985
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY BE SUBJECT 
TO AN INCREASE IN FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
THE AMOUNT OF GOVERNMENT TAXES/AIRLINE-IMPOSED FEES SET FORTH ON THIS 
INVOICE MAY INCLUDE AIRLINE-IMPOSED FUEL SURCHARGES: CUSTOMERS CAN 
CONTACT THEIR TRAVEL COUNSELOR(S) FOR AN ITEMIZED BREAKDOWN OF THIS 
AMOUNT. 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels & 
Resorts program - an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check-in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
The New York Palace 
455 Madison Avenue 
New York. NY 10022. United States 
The Pierre. New York. a Taj Hotel 
East 61st Street 
New York. NY 10065. United States 
The Plaza 
Fifth Avenue at Central Park South 
768 Fifth Avenue 
New York. NY 10019. United States 
The St. Regis New York 
East 55th St. 
New York. NY 10022. United States 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00589986
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures cr advertisements desalt:4,g any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the teams and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. iicluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your hip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public Internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or. a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
California CSTa1022318.10. Rhode Island ML#1192. Washington UBIII600.469894, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00589987

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589988.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 MC 08-0349 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
EPSTEIN/JEFFREY EDWARD 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas tea Collect 
Agent ID. P1 
INVOICE 
Generated: February 13.2014 11:35AM 
Page 1 of 3 
CHARGES 
TICKET INFORMATION: EPSTEIN/JEFFREY EDWARD 
Total charged to American Express 
0.00 
Mile Name: 
AIR FRANCE 
Ticket Date: 
2/13'2014 
Ticket Base Fare: 
0.00 
Ticket Number 
7381795999 
Invoice: 
0469376 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees: 
0.00 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
0.00 
Ticket Exchange 
Original Fare/Ticket Credit - 3561: 
(18.012.90) 
New Fare/Ticket - 7381795999: 
18.012.90 
Amount Charge/Credit: 
0.00 
CHARGES 
TICKET INFORMATION: 
Total charged to American Express 
0.00 
Airline Name: 
AIR FRANCE 
Ticket Date: 
2/13/2014 
Ticket Base Fare: 
0.00 
Ticket Number 
7381958000 
Invoice: 
0469377 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees: 
0.00 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
0.00 
Ticket Exchange 
Original Fare/Ticket Credit - 3566: 
(1.035.90) 
New Fare/Ticket - 7381958000: 
1.035.90 
Amount Charge/Credit: 
0.00 
Travel Details: 
Thursday February 20, 2014 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
Flight: 
Departure: 
Arrival: 
Departure Terminal: 
Arrival Termnal: 
Seats: 
Class: 
AIR FRANCE 
8:20 am 
10:30 am 
Pans De Gaulle. FRANCE 
New York JFK. NY 
AEROGARE 2 TERMINAL E 
TERMINAL 1 
01A 01L 
First 
Airline Record Locator 
Equipment: 
Estimated Time: 
Distance: 
Meal: 
Boeing 777-200 
HR 10 MIN 
3.635 Mies 
Breakfast meal 
LOYALTY PROGRAMS 
Vendor 
AIR FRANCE 
Additional Information: 
Account 
9209114272 
Traveler 
EPSTEIN/JEFFREY EDWARD 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
------------------
EFTA00589988
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY BE SUBJECT 
TO AN INCREASE IN FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
THE AMOUNT OF GOVERNMENT TAXES/AIRLINE-IMPOSED FEES SET FORTH ON THIS 
INVOICE MAY INCLUDE AIRLINE-IMPOSED FUEL SURCHARGES: CUSTOMERS CAN 
CONTACT THEIR TRAVEL COUNSELOR(S) FOR AN ITEMIZED BREAKDOWN OF THIS 
AMOUNT. 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels & 
Resorts program - an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check-in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
The New York Palace 
455 Madison Avenue 
New York. NY 10022. United States 
The Pierre. New York. a Taj Hotel 
East 61st Street 
New York. NY 10065. United States 
The Plaza 
Fifth Avenue at Central Park South 
768 Fifth Avenue 
New York. NY 10019. United States 
The St. Regis New York 
East 55th St. 
New York. NY 10022. United States 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00589989
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures cr advertisements desalt:4,g any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the teams and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. iicluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your hip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public Internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or. a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
California CSTa1022318.10. Rhode Island ML#1192. Washington UBIII600.469894, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00589990

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589991.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589991.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-0349 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
EPSTEIN/JEFFREY EDWARD 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas Cam Collect 
Agent ID. P1 
INVOICE 
Generated: February 13.2014 11:35 AM 
Page 1 of 3 
CHARGES 
TICKET INFORMATION: EPSTEIN/JEFFREY EDWARD 
Total charged to American Express 
0.00 
AirWm Name: 
AIR FRANCE 
Ticket Date: 
2/13/2014 
Ticket Base Fare: 
0.00 
Ticket Number 
7381795999 
Invoice: 
0469376 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees: 
0.00 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
0.00 
Ticket Exchange 
Original Fare/Ticket Credit - 3561: 
(18.012.90) 
New Fare/Ticket - 7381795999: 
18.012.90 
Amount Charge/Credit: 
0.00 
CHARGES 
TICKET INFORMATION: 
Total charged to American Express 
0.00 
Airline Name: 
AIR FRANCE 
Ticket Date: 
2/13/2014 
Ticket Base Fare: 
0.00 
Ticket Number 
7381958000 
Invoice: 
0469377 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees: 
0.00 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
0.00 
Ticket Exchange 
Original Fare/Ticket Credit - 3566: 
(1.035.90) 
New Fare/Ticket - 7381958000: 
1.035.90 
Amount Charge/Credit: 
0.00 
Travel Details: 
Thursday February 20, 2014 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
Flight: 
Departure: 
Arrival: 
Departure Terminal: 
Arrival Termnal: 
Seats: 
Class: 
AIR FRANCE 
8:20 am 
10:30 am 
Pans De Gaulle. FRANCE 
New York JFK. NY 
AEROGARE 2 TERMINAL E 
TERMINAL 1 
01A 01L 
First 
Airline Record Locator 
Equipment: 
Estimated Time: 
Distance: 
Meal: 
Boeing 777-200 
HR 10 MIN 
3.635 Mies 
Breakfast meal 
LOYALTY PROGRAMS 
Vendor 
AIR FRANCE 
Additional Information: 
Account 
9209114272 
Traveler 
EPSTEIN/JEFFREY EDWARD 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
------------------
vo
llsistSS 
EFTA00589991
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY BE SUBJECT 
TO AN INCREASE IN FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
THE AMOUNT OF GOVERNMENT TAXES/AIRLINE-IMPOSED FEES SET FORTH ON THIS 
INVOICE MAY INCLUDE AIRLINE-IMPOSED FUEL SURCHARGES: CUSTOMERS CAN 
CONTACT THEIR TRAVEL COUNSELOR(S) FOR AN ITEMIZED BREAKDOWN OF THIS 
AMOUNT. 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels & 
Resorts program - an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check-in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
The New York Palace 
455 Madison Avenue 
New York. NY 10022. United States 
The Pierre. New York. a Taj Hotel 
East 61st Street 
New York. NY 10065. United States 
The Plaza 
Fifth Avenue at Central Park South 
768 Fifth Avenue 
New York. NY 10019. United States 
The St. Regis New York 
East 55th St. 
New York. NY 10022. United States 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00589992
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures cr advertisements desalt:4,g any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the teams and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. iicluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your hip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public Internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or. a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
California CSTa1022318.10. Rhode Island ML#1192. Washington UBIII600.469894, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00589993

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589994.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589994.pdf
----------------------------------------
Answers& 
Company 
Bill To: 
Harry Susman 
INVOICE 
DATE: 7/01/11 
STATEMENT # 11-7-01 
For: 
Expert Work in: Fortress Verf I LLC and Fortress Value 
Recovery vs. Jeepers Inc. JAMS Ref. No: 1425006537 
DESCRIPTION 
HOURS 
RATE 
AMOUNT 
Work Performed by Daniel Strachman: June 17-30, 2011 
22.75 
$625.00 
$14,218.75 
Work Performed by Administrator: June 25, 2011 
3.00 
$150.00 
$450.00 
FOR DETAIL PLEASE SEE ATTACHED TIME SHEET 
Total: 
$14,668.75 
TOTAL 
$14,668.75 
Make all checks payable to Answers & Company, LLC 
Total due in 5 days. Overdue accounts subject to a service charge of 1% per month. 
THANK YOU FOR YOUR BUSINESS! 
EFTA00589994

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589995.pdf
----------------------------------------
A: Answers& 
Company 
Bill To: 
Harry Susman 
Susman & Godfrey 
INVOICE 
DATE: 6/15/11 
STATEMENT # 11-6-15 
For: 
Expert Work in: Fortress Vert I LLC and Fortress Value 
Recovery vs. Jeepers Inc. JAMS Ref. No: 1425006537 
DESCRIPTION 
HOURS 
RATE 
AMOUNT 
Work Performed by Daniel Strachman: May13-31, 2011 
14.75 
$625.00 
$9,218.75 
Work Performed by Daniel Strachman: June1-15. 2011 
21.75 
$625.00 
$13,593.75 
FOR DETAIL PLEASE SEE ATTACHED TIME SHEET 
Total 
36.50 
$22,812.50 
Less Retainer Received: 
($12,500.00) 
TOTAL 
$10,312.50 
Make all checks payable to Answers & Company, LLC 
Total due in 5 days. Overdue accounts subject to a service charge of 1% per month. 
THANK YOU FOR YOUR BUSINESS! 
EFTA00589995

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589996.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589996.pdf
----------------------------------------
Four arrested in Rothstein case I South Florida Business Journal 
Page I of 2 
rom the South Florida Business Journal: 
Four arrested in Rothstein case 
South Florida Business Journal 
Date: Friday, May 27, 2011, 10:07am EDT 
Related: 
Banking & Financial Services, Legal Services 
A year-and-a-half after Scott Rothstein was arrested and charged with running a $1.2 
billion Ponzi scheme, four of his former associates have been charged with helping him 
carry out the scam. 
Authorities said Friday that they were filing charges against Howard Kusnick, 58, of 
Tamarac; Stephen Caputi, 53, of Lauderhill; William Corte, 38, of Plantation; and 
Curtis Renie, 38, of Fort Lauderdale. 
The defendants are alleged to have conspired to further Rothstein's investment scheme 
involving the sale of purported confidential settlement agreements in sexual harassment, 
discrimination and/or whistle-blower suits. 
Kusnick was an attorney with Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler. Corte and Renie were 
employees of RAA's information technology department. Caputi was an associate of 
Rothstein. 
The four have been charged with one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud. If 
convicted they face up to five years in prison. 
Caputi and Corte are expected to make their initial appearances in Fort Lauderdale federal 
court Friday morning. Kusnick and Renie are expected to appear in federal court next 
week. 
Kusnick is alleged to have written a letter purporting to settle pending litigation in favor of 
a client, but it is alleged no litigation ever took place and no settlement ever existed. 
Instead, the letter was "to lull the clients into believing that RRA was pursuing litigation 
on their behalf when, in fact, the clients' funds had been used to pay off earlier investors 
and to further the investment fraud scheme," according to a news release from the U.S. 
Attorney's Office in Miami. 
Caputi is alleged to have posed as an official from TD Bank in meetings with investors, 
and allegedly provided fraudulent bank statements. 
hup://www.bizjournals.com/southfloridainews/2011/05/27/four-arrested-in-rothstein-case.... 5/27/2011 
EFTA00589996
--- PAGE 2 ---
Four arrested in Rothstein case South Florida Business Journal 
Page 2 of 2 
He also is alleged to have posed as one of RRA's plaintiffs who executed a $10 million 
settlement agreement in an effort to raise potential investors' confidence in the deal. 
Renie and Corte are alleged to have created a fictitious Web page, copying the legitimate 
Web page of TD Bank. They are also alleged to have posted false account balances on the 
fictitious Web page to make it appear as if the accounts were well funded. 
"On one occasion, the defendants modified the phony TD Bank website to reflect that RRA 
held between $300 million and $1.1 billion on deposit at TD Bank. In fact, however, no 
such funds were in the accounts. The false account balances were shown to investors to 
induce them to invest into the fraudulent investment scheme," the news release stated. 
"The house of cards supporting Scott Rothstein's elaborate Ponzi scheme continues to 
crumble," U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer said in a news release. "As today's charges 
confirm, we will follow all leads and continue to bring to justice those who helped 
Rothstein execute this billion-dollar fraud and any other crimes that may have been 
committed through RAA. The investigation continues." 
5/27/2011 
EFTA00589997

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589998.pdf
----------------------------------------
Relevé d'Identité Bancaire / IBAN 
Cadre réservé au destinataire du RIB 
MADATMituElli 
Domiciliation PARIS-MONTPARNAS (02601) 
me- al"
Ar-
BNP PARIBAS 
Relevé d'Identité Bancaire / IBAN 
Cadre réservé au destinataire du RIB 
MADATMitutliM 
Domiciliation PARIS-MONTPARNAS (02601) 
EFTA00589998

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00589999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00589999.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 273 
Epstein 
are going off the record. The time is 4:34 
■. 
This is the end of Tape Number 6. 
(Time noted: 4:34 
.) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Subscribed and sworn to before me 
this 
day of  
 2011. 
VERITEXT REPORTING COMPANY 
212-267-6868 
516-608-2400 
EFTA00589999
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 277 
ERRATA SHEET 
VERITEXT REPORTING COMPANY 
1250 Broadway 
New York, New York 10001 
(212) 279-9424 
CASE: Fortress v. JEEPERS 
DEPOSITION DATE: April 20, 2011 
DEPONENT: Jeffrey Epstein 
CHANGE 
PAGE/LINE(S)/ 
/ 
/ 
REASON 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN TO BEFORE ME 
THIS_ 
DAY OF  
, 2011. 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
DATE COMMISSION EXPIRES 
VERITEXT REPORTING COMPANY 
212-267-6868 
516-608-2400 
EFTA00590000

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590001.pdf
----------------------------------------
FEB-13-2033 10:36 FPCM:CR.MAGNANI 
21e f'difirdtl 
TO:16467067223 
P.3/3 
Thomas J. Ma 
I A18. 
Alvin Grayson 
k
leff Epstein 
Box 806 
York NY 10150 
a ( I 
HISTORICAL STATEMENT 
Date 
Pedant 
0sticrIption 
1/22/2014 
1/28/2014 
1/26/2014 
Ju. (t•o. 
Julia 
Julia 
Julia 
Bleaching Trays 
Recall Oral Exam 
Adult Scaled Prophy 
II a... 
5—t.4 pc.44.4 
Cunent 
Days 
Day1 
1/1/2014 to 2112/2014 
[Julia] 
Tolaphono: (212) 555-1090 
Date 
Account 
2/12/2014 
10348 
Charges 
Credits 
Balance 
950.00 
960.00 
40.00 
990.00 
180.00 
1,170.00 
Account Total 
1,170.00 
Patiant Charges 
1,170.00 
Patient Payments 
0.00 
Patient Credits 
0.00 
Patient Debits 
0.00 
Days 
120+ Days 
Than
 J. Wenn IM 
NAM Growl... 
West 51st IP. pet 
701 Floor 
New York NY 10019 
(212) 699-1003 
EFTA00590001

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590002.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590002.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Wed. 01 February 2017 12:05:45 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page I of 4 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing authorization is received. Please contact your 
travel office by 11:59 PM on February 01. or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Thursday 02 Feb 17 
CITIZENS OF LATVIA MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF LATVIA- ESTA REQUIRED 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
M
Airlines 
AA 113 
Barcelona. 
Miami. 
11:50AM 
04:20 PM 
Terminal 1 
S Economy Class 
21E 
El Prat De Llobregat 
Miami International 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 30 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 777-200/300 
Meal 
Lunch Snack 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
1PC 
Page 1 of 4 
Itinerary ONNDLC 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00590002
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 4 
Travel Details 
Sunday 05 Feb 17 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator a 
Confirmed 
Airline
Airlines 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 40 Mins 
Flight 
AA 112 
Equipment 
Boeing 777-200/300 
Origin 
Miami. 
Miami International 
Meal 
Dinner Breakfast 
Destination 
Barcelona. 
El Prat De Uobregat 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Departing 
07:10 PM 
Baggage 
1PC 
Arriving 
09:50 AM / 06 Feb 2017 
Arrival Terminal 
Terminal I 
Class 
S Economy Class 
Seats 
35D 
Additional Messages 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
• 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 72 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS - 
• 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
• 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Roca Upgrade upon arrival, when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a $100 food and beverage credit or a massaga for two people° 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at v,ww a menca nexpress.cantr. 
To book your stay, visit amerloanexpress.cornffhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are no eligible for upgrade: cat Centurion Travel Service for dates 
"Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
For more information on benefits and eligibility, please visit: 
• Centurion Hotel Program: centunon corn 
• FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: aroextravm romfgx 
• The Hotel Collection: Arneroranpxpresc porrOlvirrecht-rardvhenefitthietasithn-hotel-rnlertionforenueriggcl 
• International Anne Program: tap nmencanAxpren corn 
• Cruise Privileges Program: amencenexpress.comtcruisepovdecies 
Page 2 of 4 
Itinerary ONNDLC 
AV ERICAN 
E.:PRESS 
EFTA00590003
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 4 
• Platinum Destinations Vacations: amencanexpress.cornrus/crecht-cardsTheneffisidetaillolatinum-destinatiens-vacationadatinum 
• Pay with Points: amen-at-lax0,ms rtnnVnayyrrIhnomis 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conclitiens set forth en any 
brochures or advertisements describing any lodping. tour, cruise, accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services includig. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of American Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries or affiliates (colectively. 'Amex') has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
imposed charges. ncluding. but not tinned to. daly resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-out You may wish to inquire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at www Shan> corn. Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
International Travel Documentation and Information: 
Travelers desiring transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining as necessary travel documents and complying with all government travel 
requirements. You must present all mot entry and other documents rernired by law. Amex shall not be responsible to you for any loss or expense due to your failure to 
comply with such rernirements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carriage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws. regulations. orders. 
demands. or requirements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibikty to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your jowney. Many 
countries requite that your passport be valid for up to six (6) months from your date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign carry. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at hill:, , `ra..PI sate qaytOntentmassawcrnzitsttcoultrY htMl Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disdains any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on the foregoing 
website. 
Air Transportation 
Airlines reserve the right to change your seats at any time due to operational needs/aircraft reconfiguration. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and ether important 
notices apply to air transportation. Please visit hiMsi.myantextrayel comstannconalions for more nformation. 
• Airline Notice on Hazardous Materials 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard Swett in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (4g U.S.C. 5120). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried ri your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further 
information called your airline representative or visit tittos-iliwnvias goy/atout in mativeshannat_safety'. 
Liability Statement 
You understand and agree that American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affikates and representatives (collectively, 'Amex"). 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons a property resulting. diectly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of emissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's, cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or failures of 
equipment. or charges in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fires. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities. civil unrest. 
strikes. riots. theft. disease. accidents a failures related to the public intemet. telecommunications lines or teddies, a third party technology systems. or any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific Morales. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and from tine to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to ow marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In additien, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From arm to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and 
these arrangements. including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recernmendig itineraries. we 
may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
State -Snarly Disclosures' 
CALIFORNIA: Upon cancellation of the transportation or travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled n violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier. 
without obtaining a refund and such other provider fats to provide the agreed-upon transportation a service. In this situation. the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establishing the disbursement of the customer payment, and if disbursed to a registered wholesaler d 
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seder of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in Cakfania at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with the 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of mere than S50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
Page 3 of 0 
Itinerary ONNDLC 
AMERICAN 
BCPRESS 
EFTA00590004
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of 4 
was not refunded to the passenger when requied. The maximun amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 615.000. A claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A darn 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the clan, and a 535 processing fee. Claimants must agree to wane their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating seller of travel for matters arisiv out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRF's website at vonwtcrcinfo.orq. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
HAWAII: Please visit httoficca.hawailoovfpv1Pfilesf2013:06/consumer hents.odf for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which maintains our travel agency trust account is Bank of Hawaii. Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue. Honolulu. HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account. 
California CST41022318. Washington UW600-469-694. Iowa TA1r669. 
Page 4 of 4 
Itinerary ONNDLC 
AMERICAN 
BCPRE SS 
EFTA00590005

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590006.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Washington. D.C. 20535 
Ng January 20. 2016 
MR. MARTIN G. WEINBERG 
SUITE 1000 
PARK PLAZA 
BOSTON, MA 02116 
FOIPA Request No.: 1203982-001 
Subject: EPSTEIN. JEFFREY 
Dear Mr. Weinberg: 
The enclosed documents were reviewed under the Freedom of Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA). Title 5. 
United States Code. Section 552/552a. Deletions have been made to protect information which is exempt from 
disclosure. with the appropriate exemptions noted on the page next to the excision. In addition, a deleted page 
information sheet was inserted in the file to indicate where pages were withheld entirely. The exemptions used to 
withhold information are marked below and explained on the enclosed Explanation of Exemptions: 
Section 552 
F (b)(1) 
F (b)(2) 
F (b)(3) 
F (b)(4) 
F (b)(5) 
P (b)(6) 
F (b)(7)(A) 
F (b)(7)(B) 
• (b)(7)(C) 
• (b)(7)(D) 
P (b)(7)(E) 
F (b)(7)(F) 
F (b)(8) 
F (b)(9) 
Section 552a 
 (d)(5) 
P 0)(2) 
F (k)(1) 
F (k)(2) 
• (k)(3) 
F (k)(4) 
F (k)(5) 
F (k)(6) 
F 
1299 pages were reviewed and 195 pages are being released. 
F Document(s) were located which originated with, or contained information concerning, other Government 
Agency (ies) [OGA]. 
P This information has been referred to the OGA(s) for review and direct response to you. 
F 
We are consulting with another agency. The FBI will correspond with you regarding this information 
when the consultation is completed. 
In accordance with standard FBI practice and pursuant to FOIA exemption (b)(7)(E) and Privacy Act 
exemption (j)(2) [5 U.S.C. § 552/552a (b)(7)(E)/(j)(2)]. this response neither confirms nor denies the existence 
of your subject's name on any watch lists. 
For your information, Congress excluded three discrete categories of law enforcement and national security 
records from the requirements of the FOIA. See 5 U.S. C. § 552(c) (2006 & Supp. IV (2010). This response is 
limited to those records that are subject to the requirements of the FOIA. This is a standard notification that is given 
to all our requesters and should not be taken as an indication that excluded records do. or do not, exist. Enclosed for 
your information is a copy of the Explanation of Exemptions. 
EFTA00590006
--- PAGE 2 ---
For questions regarding our determinations. visit the www.fbi.gov/foia website under 'Contact Us." 
The FOIPA Request Number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number in all 
correspondence concerning your request. Your patience is appreciated. 
You have the right to appeal any denials in this release. Appeals should be directed in writing to the Director. 
Office Information Policy (OIP). U.S. Department of Justice-1425 New York Ave., NW. Suite 11050. Washington. 
D.C. 20530-0001, or you may submit an appeal through OIP's eFOIA portal at 
htto://Www.iusticemovioio/efoia-oortal.html. Your appeal must be received by OIP within sixty (60) days from the 
date of this letter in order to be considered timely. The envelope and the letter should be clearly marked "Freedom of 
Information Appeal." Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so that it may be easily 
identified. 
The enclosed material is from the main investigative filets) in which the subject(s) of your request was the 
focus of the investigation. Our search located additional references, in files relating to other individuals, or matters, 
which may or may not be about your subject(s). Our experience has shown when ident, references usually contain 
information similar to the information processed in the main file(s). Because of our significant backlog. we have 
given priority to processing only the main investigative file(s). If you want the references, you must submit a 
separate request for them in writing, and they will be reviewed at a later date. as time and resources permit. 
p.
See additional information which follows. 
Sincerely. 
retati.1-,3 
David M. Hardy 
Section Chief 
Record/Information 
Dissemination Section 
Records Management Division 
Enclosures (2) 
The enclosed documents contained in Miami Field Office file 31E-MM-108062. Section 3. and Sub 1A 
Sections 1 and 2. represent the fourth interim release of information responsive to your Freedom of Information/Privacy 
Acts (FOIPA) request. 
Also. the enclosed documents responsive to your request are exempt from disclosure in their entirety pursuant 
to the Privacy Act. Title 5, United States Code. Section 552(a). subsection (j)(2). However, these records have been 
processed pursuant to the Freedom of Information Act, Title 5. United States Code. Section 552. thereby affording you 
the greatest degree of access authorized by both laws. 
Inquiries regarding your OGA referral(s) may be directed to the following agency(ies) at: 
Susan B. Gerson, Assistant Director FOIA/Privacy Unit 
Executive Office for United States Attorneys 
Department of Justice 
Suite 7300. 600 E Street, NW Washington. DC 20530-0001 
Upon receipt of the enclosed Compact Disc (CD), please go to vmw.pay.gov to make an electronic payment' 
in the amount of $15.00. or make a check or money order payable to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and mail it to 
the Work Process Unit. Record/Information Dissemination Section. Records Management Division. Federal Bureau of 
Investigation. 170 Marcel Drive, Winchester. VA 22602. Please include the FOIPA Request Number with your payment. 
Failure to pay for this release within thirty (30) days from the date of this letter will close any pending FBI FOIPA 
requests from you. Nonpayment will also cause an automatic denial of any future FOIPA requests. 
For questions regarding our determinations, visit the www.fbi.gov/foia website under "Contact Us." The 
FOIPA Request Number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number in all correspondence 
concerning your request. Your patience is appreciated. 
EFTA00590007
--- PAGE 3 ---
*Pay.gov is a secure web-based application that accepts credit card and ACH payments online. and is hosted by the 
United States Department of Treasury. Financial Management Service. For frequent FOIPA requesters. it is 
recommended to create a Pay.gov account to retain an online history of payments made through Pay.gov and to retain 
specific information for future payments. To make an electronic payment. complete the FBI Freedom of Information Act 
and Privacy Act Form located on Pay. go v. Please note: if a refund is necessary. there is less processing time to refund 
a credit card payment than an ACH payment 
EFTA00590008
--- PAGE 4 ---
EXPLANATION OF EXEMPTIONS 
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLES, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552 
(bXI) 
(A) specifically authorized under criteria established by an Executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy 
and (B) are in fact properly classified to such Executive order: 
(bX2) 
related solely to the internal personnel rules and practices of an agency: 
(bX3) 
specifically exempted from disclosure by statute (other than section 552b of this title), provided that such statute (A) requires that the matters 
be withheld from the public in such a manner as to leave no discretion on issue. or (B) establishes particular criteria for withholding or refers to 
particular types of matters to be withheld: 
(bX4) 
trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential: 
(bX5) 
inter-agency or intra-agency memorandums or letters which would not be available by law to a party other than an agency in litigation with the 
agency: 
(bX6) 
personnel and medical files and similar files the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy: 
(b)(7) 
records or information compiled for law enforcement purposes. but only to the extent that the production of such law enforcement records or 
information ( A ) could reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings. ( B ) would deprive a person of a right to a fair trial 
or an impartial adjudication. ( C ) could reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy. ( D ) could 
reasonably be expected to disclose the identity of confidential source, including a State. local, or foreign agency or authority or any private 
institution which furnished information on a confidential basis, and, in the case of record or information compiled by a criminal law 
enforcement authority in the course of a criminal investigation, or by an agency conducting a lawful national security intelligence 
investigation, information furnished by a confidential source. ( E ) would disclose techniques and procedures for law enforcement 
investigations or prosecutions. or would disclose guidelines for law enforcement investigations or prosecutions if such disclosure could 
reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law, or ( F ) could reasonably be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any 
individual: 
(bX8) 
contained in or related to examination, operating. or condition reports prepared by. on behalf of. or for the use of an agency responsible for the 
regulation or supervision of financial institutions: or 
(bX9) 
geological and geophysical information and data. including maps. concerning wells. 
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLES, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552a 
(dX5) 
information compiled in reasonable anticipation of a civil action proceeding: 
(jX2) 
material reporting investigative efforts pertaining to the enforcement of criminal law including efforts to prevent. control, or reduce crime or 
apprehend criminals: 
(kXI) 
information which is currently and properly classified pursuant to an Executive order in the interest of the national defense or foreign policy, 
for example. information involving intelligence sources or methods: 
(kX2) 
investigatory material compiled for law enforcement purposes. other than criminal, which did not result in loss of a right. benefit or privilege 
under Federal programs. or which would identify a source who furnished information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held 
in confidence: 
(kX3) 
material maintained in connection with providing protective services to the President of the United States or any other individual pursuant to 
the authority of Title 18. United States Code. Section 3056: 
(kX4) 
required by statute to be maintained and used solely as statistical records: 
(kX5) 
investigatory material compiled solely for the purpose of determining suitability. eligibility. or qualifications for Federal civilian employment 
or for access to classified information. the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person who furnished information pursuant to a 
promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence: 
(k)(6) 
testing or examination material used to determine individual qualifications for appointment or promotion in Federal Government service he 
release of which would compromise the testing or examination process: 
(k)(7) 
material used to determine potential for promotion in the armed services, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person 
who furnished the material pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence. 
FBI/DO1 
EFTA00590009

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590010.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590010.pdf
----------------------------------------
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
FOI/PA 
DELETED PAGE INFORMATION SHEET 
FOI/PA# 1203982-1 
Total Deleted Page(s) = 755 
Page 7 - Duplicate - to 31E-MM-108062-SBP Ser. 
Page 8 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 9 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 10 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 11 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 12 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 13 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 14 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 15 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 16 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 17 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 18 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 19 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 20 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 21 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 22 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 23 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 24 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 25 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 26 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 27 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 28 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 29 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 30 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 31 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 32 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 33 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 34 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 35 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 36 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 37 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 38 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 39 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 40 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 41 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 42 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 43 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 44 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 45 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 46 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 47 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 48 ^ b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 49 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 50 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 51 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 52 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 53 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 54 
b6; b7C; b70; 
37; 
EFTA00590010

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590011.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590011.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 199 Filed 06/10/16 Page 1 of 8 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
L. 
Plaintiff, 
Case No.: 15-cv-07433-RWS 
v. 
Ghislaine Maxwell, 
Defendant. 
PLAINTIFF'S MOTION TO EXTEND THE DEADLINE TO 
COMPLETE DEPOSITIONS 
Plaintiff 
=, 
by and through her undersigned counsel, hereby files this 
motion for a brief extension of time to complete pending depositions. Ms. 
has been 
actively working to complete discovery in this case. However, due to a number of circumstances 
beyond her control, she is unable to complete the necessary depositions by the close of discovery 
on June 30, 2016, and, therefore, requests an additional four (4) weeks to complete these 
depositions. She requests the deposition deadline be extended to July 30, 2016. The requested 
relief would not disturb the trial date. 
BACKGROUND 
As the Court knows, this case was filed in September 2015. The Court's original 
scheduling order set the completion of fact discovery for July I, 2016. (See D.E. 13.) However, 
after the filing of the complaint, the Defendant moved to stay any discovery in the matter. 
Therefore, discovery did not commence until the Court directed Defendant to respond to 
discovery by February 2, 2016. Defendant did not respond to Ms. 
first requests for 
discovery until February 8, 2016, and only produced two documents. Defendant did not produce 
EFTA00590011
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 199 Filed 06/10/16 Page 2 of 8 
any additional documents until April 18, 2016 -- after this Court directed Defendant to turn over 
documents that had been withheld under an improper claim of privilege. While Ms. 
provided her initial disclosures on November 11, 2015, in accordance with the federal rules, 
Defendant did not provide her initial disclosures until February 24, 2016, in violation of those 
Rules. 
In addition, while Ms. 
started her efforts to get the Defendant's deposition in 
February, 2016, Defendant did not actually sit for her deposition until after being directed to do 
so by the Court, on April 22, 2016. Defendant's deposition is now subject to Plaintiff's Motion 
to Compel Defendant to Answer Deposition Questions Filed Under Seal. (See [DE 143]). Ms. 
also started her efforts to attempt to schedule depositions of other witnesses in February, 
2016. Ms. 
efforts to obtain depositions have been hampered by a number of factors. 
An example of the conduct that has hampered Ms. 
efforts to timely obtain 
depositions is stall tactics of Defendant's co-conspirator, Jeffrey Epstein. Ms. 
started her 
attempts to serve Mr. Epstein back on March 7, 2016 by contacting Mr. Epstein's lawyer. (See 
[DE 160] Plaintiff's Motion for Leave to Serve Three Deposition Subpoenas By Means Other 
Than Personal Service, and [DE 161] Declaration of Sigrid McCawley in Support of Plaintiff's 
Motion for Leave to Serve Three Deposition Subpoenas By Means Other Than Personal 
Service.) Mr. Epstein refused to accept service, thereby forcing Ms. 
to hire investigators 
and spend considerable time and money in an attempt to personally serve the Defendant's former 
boyfriend, employer, and co-conspirator, with whom she has a joint defense agreement. Id. It 
was not until after Ms. 
filed her Motion for Alternative Service with this Court that Mr. 
Epstein finally agreed to accept service of the subpoena on May 27, 2016 — three (3) months 
after Ms. 
initial attempts to serve Mr. Epstein, but he conditioned that acceptance upon 
EFTA00590012
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 199 Filed 06/10/16 Page 3 of 8 
the fact that his deposition must take place in the U.S. Virgin Islands at a time that is mutually 
convenient to the parties, despite the fact that he has at least three residences in the continental 
United States, including Manhattan. (See [DE 175] Notice of Acceptance of Service.) As that is 
a remote location, and we are nearing the end of the discovery period with many dates already 
filled for depositions or conflicts with schedules of counsel, it is not likely that this deposition 
can be completed within the remaining timeframe. 
Another example of delay that has harmed Ms. 
ability to obtain all depositions 
in a timely manner is Mr. Rizzo. Ms. 
subpoenaed the deposition of Rinaldo Rizzo on 
April 11, 2016 for a date over a month later on May 13, 2016. See McCawley Decl. at Exhibit 
I, Subpoena of Rinaldo Rizzo and related correspondence. Just days before the deposition, 
however; Defendant's counsel claimed she did not realize the deposition was proceeding forward 
despite having received Ms. 
Notice of Serving Subpoena the month prior, and asked 
Ms. 
to re-schedule the deposition. Ms. 
then had to coordinate scheduling with 
the witnesses' counsel and re-set the deposition for another month later, on June 10, 2016, 
thereby taking another date in June away that could have been used for other necessary 
depositions. See McCawley Decl. at Exhibit 2, Re-Notice of Deposition of Rinaldo Rizzo. 
An additional problem has been that certain witnesses, despite being represented by 
counsel, have refused to accept service of subpoenas. Therefore, until the Court rules on Ms. 
pending motion for alternative service, she is unable to take the depositions of Ms. 
and Ms. 
(See [DE 160] Plaintiff's Motion for Leave to Serve Three 
Deposition Subpoenas By Means Other Than Personal Service and [DE 161] Declaration of 
Another example that is hampering the ability of Ms. 
to complete the necessary 
depositions by June 30, 2016, is Ross Gow, who Defendant has admitted was her agent for 
EFTA00590013
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 199 Filed 06/10/16 Page 4 of 8 
purposes of submitting to the press the defamatory statements at issue in this case. Mr. Gow 
resides in London. Ms. 
asked that Defendant produce her agent, Mr. Gow, for a 
deposition, but Defendant has refused. Defendant has refused this request despite 
acknowledging that Defendant plans to call Mr. Gow for testimony at trial. Ms. 
may 
now be forced to have to go through the Hague Convention for service on Mr. Gow, and forced 
to go to London to obtain his deposition. It appears there is not sufficient time for Ms. 
to 
complete this process before the June 30, 2016 deadline. 
In addition, there have been third-party witnesses that we have subpoenaed for 
depositions who have, through their counsel, requested that we change the dates of their 
depositions. These individuals include: 
Jo Jo Fontanella, and Jean Luc Brunel who 
were all set for mid-June deposition dates. An extension of the discovery deadline by a few 
weeks will allow Ms. 
to work cooperatively and accommodate these requests for changes 
in the scheduling of these depositions. The Court also has pending before it the motion to compel 
Ms. Maxwell to complete her deposition testimony. (See [DE 143], Plaintiff's Motion to 
Compel Defendant to Answer Deposition Questions Filed Under Seal.) And briefing is 
continuing on Ms. 
motion regarding the number of depositions that she is permitted to 
take in this case. 
Finally, while the parties have attempted to coordinate the scheduling of depositions, and 
indeed had a lengthy meet and confer call regarding scheduling back in May, those efforts have 
not resulted in a feasible schedule. If the deadline is not extended for Plaintiff to complete her 
depositions into July, it appears that both sides might be forced to notice conflicting dates in 
June. Ms. 
could provide more detail on these issues, which are documented in numerous 
back and forth emails between the parties; but rather than inundate the Court with those issues, 
EFTA00590014
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 199 Filed 06/10/16 Page 5 of 8 
the bottom line is that the only way that the both sides will be able to work cooperatively to set 
up a schedule that meets the competing needs of her counsel, defense counsel, the subpoenaed 
witnesses, and the witnesses' counsel is for a short extension of time.' 
ARGUMENT 
Ms. 
has attempted to conduct discovery in a timely manner in this case to 
prepare her case for trial in October, but has been hampered by many intervening issues. This is 
Ms. 
first request for an extension relating to the discovery deadline and the request is 
being made for good cause. Rule 16(b)(4) specifically provides that a scheduling order may be 
modified for good cause. 
"Good cause" requires a greater showing than "excusable neglect." At a 
minimum, good cause requires a showing by the moving party of an objectively 
sufficient reason for extending a deadline such that the deadlines cannot 
reasonably be met despite the diligence of the party needing the extension. The 
inquiry focuses on the moving party's reason for requesting the extension. Pyke v. 
No. 92 CV 554, 2004 WL 1083244, at *2 (N.D.N.Y. May 12, 2004) 
(internal citations and quotation marks omitted) (quoted in Scott v. City of New 
York, No. 04 Civ. 9638, 2007 WL 4178405, at *4 (S.D.N.Y. Nov. 26, 2007)). 
Thus, "[t]he mistake or inadvertence of counsel will not support a finding of good 
cause." Id. "[T]he primary consideration is whether the moving party can 
demonstrate diligence." Kassner, 496 F.3d at 244. However, the court may 
consider other factors, including, in particular, potential prejudice to the opposing 
party. Id.; see also Scott, 2007 WL 4178405, at *5. 
Michael Grecco Photography, Inc. v. Everett Collection, Inc., 07 CIV.8171(CM)(JCF), 2008 
WL 4580024, at *2 (S.D.N.Y. 2008), as corrected (Oct. 15, 2008). 
In the Michael Grecco Photography case, the court found that the plaintiff had 
demonstrated good cause to re-open discovery for the limited purpose of deposing defendant's 
employee where plaintiffs counsel made repeated attempts to schedule deposition. See also 
Carlson v. Geneva City Sch. Dist., 277 F.R.D. 90, 95 (W.D.N.Y. 2011) (holding that defendants 
I Ms. 
counsel conferred with the Defendant but the Defendant was not willing to grant the request for an 
extension to complete the depositions requested by Ms. =. 
EFTA00590015
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 199 Filed 06/10/16 Page 6 of 8 
established good cause to extend discovery in order to conduct plaintiffs deposition where 
defense counsel made sufficient efforts to schedule her deposition prior to the close of 
discovery). Similarly here, Ms. 
has made timely efforts to obtain the depositions that she 
needs to support her claims but has been hampered by a number of issues. Defendant will not be 
prejudiced because the request is short in duration and will allow a more reasonable schedule to 
be established with the remaining witnesses and their counsel. Again, Ms. 
is not seeking 
to move the trial date presently set for October 17, 2016, but is only asking for a few additional 
weeks to complete the pending depositions due to scheduling conflicts and issues outlined above. 
CONCLUSION 
Ms. 
respectfully requests that the Court allow her an additional four (4) weeks to 
complete the remaining depositions before July 30, 2016. 
Dated: June 10, 2016. 
Respectfully Submitted, 
BOLES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP 
By: /s/ Sigrid McCawley 
Sigrid McCawley (Pro Hac Vice) 
Meredith Schultz (Pro Hac Vice) 
Boies Schiller & Flexner LLP 
401 E. Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33301 
David Boies 
Boies Schiller & Flexner LLP 
333 Main Street 
Armonk, NY 10504 
Bradley J. Edwards (Pro Hac Vice) 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
EFTA00590016
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 199 Filed 06/10/16 Page 7 of 8 
Fort Lauderdale Florida 33301 
Paul G. Cassell (Pro Hac Vice) 
S.J. Quinney College of Law 
University of Utah 
383 University St. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
(801) 585-52022
This daytime business address is provided for identification and correspondence purposes only and is 
not intended to imply institutional endorsement by the University of Utah for this private representation. 
EFTA00590017
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 199 Filed 06/10/16 Page 8 of 8 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on the 10th day of June, 2016, I electronically filed the 
foregoing document with the Clerk of Court by using the CM/ECF system. I also certify that the 
foregoing document is being served this day on the individuals identified below via transmission 
of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF. 
Laura A. Menninger, Esq. 
Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq. 
HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN, P.C. 
150 East 10th Avenue 
Denver Colorado 80203 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Email: 
/s/ Sigrid S. McCawley 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
EFTA00590018

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590019.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590019.pdf
----------------------------------------
INVENTORY Av_Foch.xlsx 
ALBERTO PINTO 
ALBERTO PINTO AGENCY 
PROJECT: AVENUE FOCH 
OLD FURNITURE 
PICTURES 
QTY 
DESCRIPTION 
LOCALISATION 
€ 
....,,, 
Curtains 
(4 pairs) 
) 
_ 
PAIRS OF EMBRODERED CURTAINS 
apartment 
facing the 
Mr Epstein 
apartment 
I 
- 
ll 
- 
I
_ 
t 
I: 
.. 
1pair of lamps 
it 
att 
st t 
...e a-
— 
PAIR OF LAMPS WITH LAMPSHADES 
apartment 
facing the 
Mr Epstein 
apartment 
apartment 
facing the 
Mr Epstein 
apartment 
4._ 
ARMACHAIR "Elephant" Rancillac 
DINING CHAIRS COVERED WITH YELLOW VELEVET 
apartment 
facing the
Mr Epstein 
apartment 
- Ill I
I2 
II
dining chair.. 
i; 
-.. 
. 
C , 
di 
i 
Page I de 3 
EFTA00590019
--- PAGE 2 ---
INVENTORY Avioch.xlsx 
-Tragratr
ie 
SOFA COVERED WITH IVORY VELEVET 
apartmer 
facing th 
Mr Epstel 
apartmer 
Z.- 
-01.-1- 
- 
' 
WI 
- 
_ 
,.. - 
s 
I 
.i.. 
_ 
,, 
"I 
— 
."“
_ 
___ 
_ 
- .4.r.
. -1 -4 
. 
a 
ARMCHAIR COVERED WITH IVORY VELEVET 
apartmer 
facing th 
Mr Epstel 
apartmer 
-17-
I 
ir 
. 
; .,.. , 
k 
TAPESTRY CALDER 
apartmer 
facing th
Mr Epstel 
apartmer 
ai 
I 
i 
_ 
‘ 
, 
". 
• • 
/ 
I 
\ 
i 
\ 
CA_ 
- 
CORNER SOFA COVERED WITH IVORY VELVET 
apartmer 
facing th 
Mr Epstel 
apartmer 
ANGLE SOFA 
— 
,--
,... 
% 
.. I 
..._ 
i 
i i 
riLL! 
. 
, 
— 
f ._ 
.ilawdmishisamigais
it
i 
i 
I 
I.
_ 
ok
"goo, ,sio —es 
RUN RUG 5M80 X 6M90 
apartmer 
facing th 
Mr Epstel 
V.
apartmer 
.4... 
_ 
iP 
k... 
zit 
' 
,+:- .,. 
Carpet 
i.i 
Page 2 de 3 
EFTA00590020
--- PAGE 3 ---
INVENTORY Av joch.xlsx 
CHINESE TAPESTRY 
Mr Epstein 
apartment 
(Valdson) 
CHINESE TAPESTERY 
Mr Epstein 
apartment 
(Valdson) 
Page 3 de 3 
EFTA00590021

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590022.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590022.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 of 16 
AMERICAN)
EXPRESS
Date 
Jan 03 2016 
Jan 04 2016 
Jan 04 2016 
Transaction Details 
001001 
xxxx-xxx X XX-11070 
Centurion® Card January 1, 2016 to June 20, 2016 
Description 
ITUNES.COMBILL ITUNES.COMBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 NEW YORK. NY 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
Jan 05 2016 
Jan 05 2016 
Jan 06 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
THE HOME DEPOT - NEW YORK. NY 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
Jan II 2016 
Jan II 2016 
Jan II 2016 
ARITZIA 2612 FIFTH AVE 0595 • NEW YORK. NY 
BLOOMINGDALES i/C01 000000001 NEW YORK. NY 
BLOOMINGDALES #001000000001 NEW YORK. NY 
Jan II 2016 
Jan II 2016 
Jan II 2016 
QUEENS MEDALLION - LONG ISLAND CITY. NY 
STARBUCKS #10784 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
SWEETGREEN - 
NY 
Jan 12 2016 
ASTORIA TAXI LEASING - LONG ISLAND CITY, NY 
Jan 12 2016 
GENES CO-OF CAFE NEW YORK, NY 
Jan 12 2016 
GRACE'S MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 NEW YORK. NY 
Jan 12 2016 
Jan 12 2016 
Jan 12 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN NEW YORK, NY 
PERSONALIZATION MALL BURR RIDGE. IL 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
Jan 12 2016 
Jan 13 2016 
Jan 13 2016 
Jan 13 2016 
Jan 13 2016 
Jan 13 2016 
Jan 13 2016 
Jan 13 2016 
Jan 13 2016 
STARBUCKS a09722 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
DUTCH FLOWER LINE - NEW YORK. NY 
DYLAN'S CANDY BAR NEW YORK, NY 
G PAGE WHOLESALE FLOWE - NEW YORK, NY 
ITUNES.COMBILL ITUNES.COMBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
ITUNES.COMBILL ITUNES.COMBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
NYC TAXI I A75 09000990010 LONG ISLAND C. NY 
NYC TAXI 6P12 09000110015 LONG ISLAND C. NY 
NYC TAXI 9M99 09011830015 - LONG ISLAND C. NY 
Jan 13 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
Jan 13 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
Jan 14 2016 
JAMALI FLORAL AND GARDEN SUPPL JAMALI - NEW YORK. NY 
Jan 14 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK, NY 
Jan 14 2016 
Juice Press - Gramercy - New York, NY 
Jan 14 2016 
NYC TAXI 2P66 09001750017 - ASTORIA. NY 
Jan 14 2016 
Jan 14 2016 
Jan 14 2016 
SAKS FIFTH AVENUE 601 0601 - NEW YORK. NY 
STARBUCKS #07420 NEW YORK U - New York NY 
STARBUCKS #09722 NEW YORK U - New York NY 
Jan 15 2016 
Jan 15 2016 
Jan IS 2016 
CITI FUNDING TAXI - WOODSIDE, NY 
DELTA AIR LINES ATLANTA 
DELTA AIR LINES ATLANTA 
Jan 15 2016 
Jan 15 2016 
Jan 15 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN NEW YORK, NY 
NYC TAXI 8P82 09001400019 - LONG ISLAND C. NY 
STARBUCKS 409722 NEW YORK U - New York NY 
Amount 
$2.17 
$48.62 
$11.00 
$11.00 
$11.40 
$11.00 
6157.87 
$45.73 
$128.47 
$12.96 
$11.00 
$12.09 
$14.76 
$46.28 
$18.80 
$28.34 
$45.89 
$4.95 
$12.25 
$157.50 
$146.85 
6725.50 
S2.99 
$14.14 
S8.76 
$9.95 
$17.75 
$11.00 
$32.49 
$19.04 
S8.66 
$18.98 
$20.16 
$160.09 
$5.50 
$11.00 
$18.36 
$49.00 
$59.00 
$2426 
$12.95 
S5.50 
Jan IS 2016 
STARBUCKS 409722 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
$5.50 
EFTA00590022
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 16 
EXPRESS 
Transaction Details 
r
r 
XXXX-XXXXXX-11070 
Centurion® Card January 1, 2016 to June 20, 2016 
Date 
Description 
Card Member 
Amount 
Jan 15 2016 
STARBUCKS #09722 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
S5.50 
Jan 15 2016 
WALGREENS . NEW YORK. NY 
§10.31 
Jan 16 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 650000007217147 - NEW YORK. NY 
$29.97 
Jan 16 2016 
NEW TOP QUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
$30.50 
Jan 16 2016 
STARBUCKS *00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
$11.00 
Jan 17 2016 
FIJI WATER COMPANY LLC . LOS ANGELES. CA 
MOM 
$118.00 
Jan 17 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 . NEW YORK. NY 
$10.05 
Jan 17 2016 
MARI VANNA MARI VANNA . NEW YORK CITY. NY 
$28.87 
Jan 17 2016 
NYC TAXI 8N61 09011830015 - LONG ISLAND C. NY 
IN= 
$20.15 
Jan 17 2016 
NYC-TAXI VERIFONE - LONG ISLAND CITY. NY 
IM= 
$9.96 
Jan 17 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York NY 
IM= 
$11.00 
Jan 18 2016 
NEW TOP QUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
IM= 
§13.00 
Jan 18 2016 
NYC TAXI 6L33 09000010017 - LONG ISLAND C. NY 
IM= 
$11.15 
Jan 18 2016 
QUEENS MEDALLION - LONG ISLAND CITY. NY 
IM= 
§12.36 
Jan 18 2016 
STARBUCKS 000821 NEW YORK U - New York NY 
IM= 
S5.50 
Jan 18 2016 
STARBUCKS *09722 NEW YORK U - New York NY 
IM= 
$5.50 
Jan 19 2016 
JTL MANAGEMENT TAXI - LONG ISLAND CITY. NY 
IM= 
§15.30 
Jan 19 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN - NEW YORK, NY 
IM= 
$26.84 
Jan 19 2016 
POSTMATES JUICE GENERA SAN FRANCISCO. CA 
IM= 
$41.34 
Jan 19 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
IM= 
§11.00 
Jan 19 2016 
THE HEALTH NUTS 88430186393. NEW YORK. NY 
IM= 
$16.06 
Jan 20 2016 
AIE BUSINESS SERVICES - New York NY 
IM= 
S4.36 
Jan 20 2016 
CLOVER NAILS 0532 - NEW YORK. NY 
IM= 
$65.50 
Jan 20 2016 
CVS PHARMACY - NEW YORK. NY 
IM= 
$73.97 
Jan 20 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 - NEW YORK. NY 
IM= 
$38.38 
Jan 20 2016 
MTA MVM11246.68 ST-HUNT - NEW YORK. NY 
$10.00 
Jan 20 2016 
NYC TAXI 5M40 09001640010 - LONG ISLAND C. NY 
IM= 
517.75 
Jan 20 2016 
STARBUCKS *00821 NEW YORK U - New York NY 
IM= 
$11.00 
Jan 21 2016 
GoGoAir.Com INFUGHT 
CO 
IM= 
518.95 
Jan 21 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 650000007217147 - NEW YORK. NY 
IM= 
$27.69 
Jan 21 2016 
LAGUARDIA USA. LLC - JAMAICA. NY 
IM= 
$20.44 
Jan 21 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
IM= 
$11.00 
Jan 22 2016 
DELTA AIR LINES - ATLANTA 
IM= 
$25.00 
Jan 22 2016 
LAGUARDIA USA. LLC - JAMAICA. NY 
IM= 
$17.16 
Jan 22 2016 
STARBUCKS #06325 HOUSTON U - Houston. TX 
IM= 
$1028 
Jan 22 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
IM= 
S8.73 
Jan 22 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
IM= 
S9.76 
Jan 23 2016 
MUSEUM OF FINE ARTS HOUSTON MUSEUM OF - HOUSTON, TX IM= 
$46.00 
Jan 24 2016 
ITUNES.COMMILL ITUNES.COMBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
IM= 
$10.88 
Jan 24 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
IM= 
$5.44 
Jan 25 2016 
GOSO.COM YONAS HAILE - Houston. TX 
IM= 
$83.95 
Jan 25 2016 
HOUSTON tAH TA003830 67500003830 - HOUSTON. TX 
IM= 
$49.50 
Jan 25 2016 
STARBUCKS A NORTH- HOUSTON. TX 
IM= 
§15.82 
EFTA00590023
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 16 
AA61 ;R ICA.N 
EXPRESS
r
r 
Transaction Details 
xxxx-xxx X XX-11070 
Centurion® Card January 1, 2016 to June 20, 2016 
Date 
Description 
Card Member 
Amount 
Jan 25 2016 
UBER UBER 
CA 
S5.10 
Jan 25 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
$520 
Jan 26 2016 
DELTA AIR LINES ATLANTA 
-$59.00 
Jan 26 2016 
DELTA AIR LINES ATLANTA 
$25.00 
Jan 26 2016 
GoGoAir.Com INFLIGHT 
CO 
$5.41 
Jan 26 2016 
GoGoAir.Com INFLIGHT - 
CO 
$5.41 
Jan 26 2016 
HOUSTON GEORGE BUSH 0379A. HOUSTON, TX 
$11.27 
Jan 26 2016 
POSTMATES JUICE PRESS SAN FRANCISCO, CA 
$3021 
Jan 26 2016 
UBER UBER 
. CA 
S6.56 
Jan 27 2016 
NEW TOP QUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
$34.75 
Jan 27 2016 
STARBUCKS n00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
$11.00 
Jan 27 2016 
UBER UBER 
CA 
S8.00 
Jan 27 2016 
WALGREENS • NEW YORK. NY 
$16.08 
Jan 28 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 0000;0000279288 - NEW YORK. NY 
$20.36 
Jan 28 2016 
NEW TOP QUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
$14.00 
Jan 28 2016 
POSTMATES TIP - SAN FRANCISCO. CA 
$3.02 
Jan 28 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
$11.00 
Jan 28 2016 
THE HEALTH NUTS 88430186393 - NEW YORK. NY 
$48.95 
Jan 29 2016 
CLOVER NAILS 0532 - NEW YORK, NY 
$51.50 
Jan 29 2016 
031016 WINTER ANTIOU EIS 1016 WINTER - SAN FRANCISCO. 
$50.00 
Jan 29 2016 
CA 
Juice Press - Gramercy - New York NY 
$40.96 
Jan 29 2016 
NYC TAXI 2A37 09000100016 - LONG ISLAND C. NY 
$9.95 
Jan 29 2016 
NYC TAXI 3P44 09022250013 - PHILADELPHIA, PA 
$30.96 
Jan 29 2016 
NYC TAXI GROUP NYC TAXI GROUPS - LONG ISLAND CITY. NY 
$20.80 
Jan 29 2016 
POSTMATES SANT AMBROEU • SAN FRANCISCO. CA 
$96.82 
Jan 29 2016 
QUEENS MEDALLION - LONG ISLAND CITY. NY 
$17.16 
Jan 29 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
$11.00 
Jan 29 2016 
TLF FELLAN FLORIST FLORAL GALL TLF FEL - NEW YORK. NY 
$38.11 
Jan 30 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 - NEW YORK, NY 
$9.74 
Jan 31 2016 
SISAY S. KASSA SISAY S. KASSA% - NEW YORK. NY 
$24.96 
Feb 01 2016 
MINI DELI OF BIG APPLE 89 - NEW YORK. NY 
$12.00 
Feb 01 2016 
ATMANANDA YOGA SEQUENCE 00.08084203036 • NEW YORK. 
$140.00 
Feb 01 2016 
NY 
CVS PHARMACY - NEW YORK. NY 
$41.00 
Feb 01 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 - NEW YORK. NY 
$157.02 
Feb 01 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 9 GRAMER 650000007913 - NEW YORK. NY 
$9.74 
Feb 01 2016 
TLF FELLAN FLORIST FLORAL GALL TLF FEL - NEW YORK. NY 
$87.10 
Feb 02 2016 
ITUNES.COMBILL ITUNES.COMBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
$49.97 
Feb 02 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 - NEW YORK. NY 
$9.74 
Feb 02 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 9 GRAMER 650000007913 - NEW YORK. NY 
$9.74 
Feb 02 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$5.50 
Feb 02 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York NY 
$5.50 
Feb 02 2016 
THE HEALTH NUTS 88430186393 - NEW YORK. NY 
S7.47 
EFTA00590024
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of 16 
f
in Ri ;CAN 
EXPRESS 
Transaction Details 
la» 
xxxx-xxx X XX-11070 
Centurion® Card January 1, 2016 to June 20, 2016 
Date 
Description 
Card Member 
Amount 
Feb 02 2016 
THEFACESHOP4 000000001 - NEW YORK, NY 
IMM 
$36.82 
Feb 03 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 - NEW YORK. NY 
IMM 
$12.79 
Feb 03 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK, NY IMM 
S9.74 
Feb 03 2016 
NYC TAXI 4NI 1 09004140018 - BROOKLYN. NY 
IMM 
S7.56 
Feb 03 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
$11.00 
Feb 04 2016 
ALL TAXI MANAGEMENT ALL TAXI MANAGE - 41-25 36TH ST LIC, 
=I 
S6.36 
NY 
Feb 04 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
IMM 
$11.00 
Feb 05 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
S9.91 
Feb 08 2016 
UBER UBER 
. CA 
$15.00 
Feb II 2016 
ICEBOX CAFE AT MIA 0046 - MIAMI BEACH. FL 
$11.35 
Feb II 2016 
ISLAND NEWS & GIFTS 53 0000 - ST THOMAS, VI 
IMM 
$27.42 
Feb II 2016 
STARBUCKS DIS MIAMI. FL 
IMM 
$15.81 
Feb 12 2016 
CVS PHARMACY • HOUSTON. TX 
IMM 
$47.41 
Feb 12 2016 
ISLE MANI & PEDI SPA LLC 0738 - HOUSTON. TX 
$138.00 
Feb 12 2016 
MJNES.COMBILL ITUNES.COMBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
$14.97 
Feb 12 2016 
STARBUCKS #09311 HOUSTON U - Houston. TX 
55.14 
Feb 12 2016 
TRUE FOOD KITCHEN TRUE FOOD KITCH HOUSTON. TX 
IMM 
$98.22 
Feb 12 2016 
UBER UBER • 
CA 
IMM 
$6.56 
Feb 12 2016 
UBER UBER • 
CA 
IMM 
$7.31 
Feb 12 2016 
UBER UBER 
. CA 
S8.93 
Feb 12 2016 
UBER UBER 
. CA 
$40.77 
Feb 13 2016 
ITUNES.COMBILL ITUNES.COMBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
S2.99 
Feb 13 2016 
ITUNES.COMBILL ITUNES.COMBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
IMM 
$14.14 
Feb 14 2016 
JASON ISBELL - Nashville. TN 
IMM 
$25.00 
Feb 14 2016 
UBER UBER 
CA 
IMM 
$7.95 
Feb 15 2016 
GoGoAir.Com INFUGHT 
CO 
S6.48 
Feb 15 2016 
HOUSTON GEORGE BUSH 03668 HOUSTON. TX 
$10.87 
Feb 15 2016 
UNITED AIRLINES - HOUSTON. TX 
$25.00 
Feb 17 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK, NY IMM 
$18.40 
Feb 17 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
IMM 
$11.00 
Feb 17 2016 
STARBUCKS #07566 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
IMM 
$5.50 
Feb 18 2016 
CVS PHARMACY - NEW YORK. NY 
$5222 
Feb 18 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NY 
$20.98 
Feb 18 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
S5.50 
Feb 18 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
IMM 
$5.50 
Feb 18 2016 
UNITED AIRLINES - HOUSTON. TX 
IMM 
$84.00 
Feb 18 2016 
UNITED AIRLINES - HOUSTON. TX 
IMM 
$89.00 
Feb 18 2016 
WALGREENS • NEW YORK. NY 
$29.94 
Feb 18 2016 
WALGREENS • NEW YORK. NY 
$84.89 
Feb 19 2016 
CLOVER NAILS 0532 - NEW YORK, NY 
$50.50 
Feb 19 2016 
Juice Press - Gramercy - New York NY 
IMM 
$21.98 
Feb 19 2016 
UGHT SOURCE TAXI NEW YORK. NY 
IMM 
$15.96 
EFTA00590025
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 of 16 
AMERICAN)
h
EXPRESS 
Transaction Details 
Wig 
xxxx-xxx X XX-11070 
Centurion® Card January 1, 2016 to June 20, 2016 
Date 
Description 
Card Member 
Amount 
Feb 19 2016 
NYC TAXI 1E16 09024550014 NEW CITY. NY 
IMM 
$12.85 
Feb 19 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$11.00 
Feb 19 2016 
UBER UBER 
CA 
$58.09 
Feb 20 2016 
HERTZ CAR RENTAL - 
OK 
$241.63 
Feb 20 2016 
STARBUCKS 400821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
IMM 
$11.00 
Feb 20 2016 
UBER UBER 
. CA 
IMM 
S9.81 
Feb 21 2016 
CVS PHARMACY- HOUSTON. TX 
IMM 
$40.55 
Feb 21 2016 
LGAAIRPORTRESTAURANTS.LP - JAMAICA. NY 
$4.41 
Feb 21 2016 
SPORTS AUTHORITY - HOUSTON. TX 
IM= 
$73.61 
Feb 21 2016 
STARBUCKS #09311 HOUSTON U - Houston. TX 
IM= 
$5.14 
Feb 22 2016 
ADAIR KITCHEN 542929804985224 - HOUSTON. TX 
IM= 
$34.59 
Feb 22 2016 
BATH 8 BODY WORKS 161 0161 • HOUSTON. TX 
IM= 
$53.04 
Feb 22 2016 
PRALAYA YOGA 00-08084197378 HOUSTON. TX 
IM= 
$19.00 
Feb 22 2016 
STARBUCKS 409311 HOUSTON U - Houston. TX 
IM= 
$10.28 
Feb 23 2016 
MILK AND HONEY SPA DOWNTO 403903128700 AUSTIN. TX 
IM= 
$135.00 
Feb 23 2016 
STARBUCKS *09311 HOUSTON U - Houston. TX 
IM= 
$12.72 
Feb 24 2016 
ADAIR KITCHEN 542929804985224 - HOUSTON. TX 
IM= 
$17.32 
Feb 24 2016 
BED BATH 8 BEYOND - HOUSTON. TX 
IM= 
$37.84 
Feb 24 2016 
CVS PHARMACY- HOUSTON. TX 
IM= 
$30.29 
Feb 24 2016 
RANDALLS STORE 3067- HOUSTON. TX 
IM= 
$10.50 
Feb 24 2016 
YOGA ONE STUDIOS MEMOR - HOUSTON. TX 
IM= 
$30.00 
Feb 25 2016 
SID MASHBURN 542929805579075 - HOUSTON. TX 
IM= 
$270.63 
Feb 25 2016 
STARBUCKS 409311 HOUSTON U - Houston. TX 
IM= 
$10.28 
Feb 26 2016 
STARBUCKS 409311 HOUSTON U - Houston. TX 
IM= 
$10.28 
Feb 27 2016 
Adar Kitchen - Houton. TX 
IM= 
$17.32 
Feb 27 2016 
WWVV.ITUNES.CORBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
IM= 
$13.87 
Feb 28 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
IM= 
$9.07 
Feb 28 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
IM= 
$9.61 
Feb 29 2016 
Adair Kitchen - Houton. TX 
IM= 
$27.87 
Feb 29 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 - NEW YORK. NY 
IM= 
$73.29 
Feb 29 2016 
HERTZ CAR RENTAL - 
TX 
IM= 
$123.99 
Feb 29 2016 
INFLIGHT WI-Fl - LTV - MELBOURNE. FL 
IM= 
$1.99 
Feb 29 2016 
INFLIGHT WI-Fl - LTV - MELBOURNE. FL 
IM= 
$1.99 
Feb 29 2016 
STARBUCKS C SOUTH • HOUSTON. TX 
IM= 
$9.49 
Feb 29 2016 
UNITED AIRLINES - HOUSTON. TX 
IM= 
$25.00 
Feb 29 2016 
UNITED AIRLINES - HOUSTON. TX 
IM= 
$100.00 
Mar 01 2016 
ATMANANDA YOGA SEOUENCE 00.08084203036 - NEW YORK. IM= 
$140.00 
NY 
Mar 01 2016 
NEW TOP QUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
IMM 
$114.75 
Mar 01 2016 
NYC TAXI ABS12 09000100016 - LONG ISLAND C. NY 
$14.75 
Mar 01 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$5.50 
Mar 01 2016 
STARBUCKS 400821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
IMM 
$11.00 
Mar 01 2016 
THE HEALTH NUTS 000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
IMM 
$54.40 
EFTA00590026
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 of 16 
(S,
Ilim
CA.N 
EXPRESS
r
r 
Transaction Details 
xxxx-xxx X XX-11070 
Centurion® Card / January 1, 2016 to June 20, 2016 
Date 
Description 
Card Member 
Amount 
Mar 01 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
$10.87 
Mar 02 2016 
DUANE READE 000014470 NEW YORK. NY 
- 
-
$18.99 
Mar 02 2016 
HENRI BENDEL - NEW YORK. NY 
- 
-
$74.03 
Mar 02 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NY 
- 
-
$21.98 
Mar 02 2016 
MMSON KYSER - NEW YORK. NY 
$119.51 
Mar 02 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
- 
- 
$11.00 
Mar 02 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
S7.00 
Mar 03 2016 
AWESOME TAXI MANAGEM AWESOME TAXI MA NEW YORK, 
El MI 
$14.76 
NY 
Mar 03 2016 
QUEENS MEDALLION - LONG ISLAND CITY. NY 
- 
-
$18.36 
Mar 03 2016 
STARBUCKS *00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
- 
-
$11.00 
Mar 04 2016 
GRACE'S MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 - NEW YORK. NY 
$76.68 
Mar 04 2016 
NYC-TAXI VERIFONE - LONG ISLAND CITY. NY 
$16.56 
Mar 04 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New Yo*, NY 
$11.00 
Mar 04 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
S7.56 
Mar 04 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
$12.86 
Mar 05 2016 
AWESOME TAXI MANAGEM AWESOME TAXI MA NEW YORK, 
S6.36 
Mar 05 2016 
NY 
PLATEPASSHERTZTOLLS American Tratfi - MESA. AZ 
$27.75 
Mar 05 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
$11.00 
Mar 06 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
$11.00 
Mar 07 2016 
AHMET A TURGUT 3D96 - SUNNYSIDE. NY 
$10.56 
Mar 07 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 - NEW YORK. NY 
$5926 
Mar 07 2016 
KING BROKERAGE KING BROKERAGE\ BROOKLYN, NY 
$15.36 
Mar 07 2016 
NEW TOP QUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
$21.00 
Mar 07 2016 
QUEENS MEDALLION - LONG ISLAND CITY. NY 
$14.16 
Mar 07 2016 
STAPLES 05322 - NEW YORK. NY 
S8.70 
Mar 07 2016 
STARBUCKS *00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
S5.50 
Mar 07 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$11.00 
Mar 07 2016 
UBER UBER 
CA 
S7.00 
Mar 08 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 9 GRAMER 650000007913 - NEW YORK. NY 
S9.74 
Mar 08 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
$11.00 
Mar 09 2016 
MTA MVM*C008.DEKALB AV - NEW YORK. NY 
S3.00 
Mar 09 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
S5.50 
Mar 09 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
$11.00 
Mar 10 2016 
NY PRESBYTERIAN WEB PAYMENT NY PRESBYT - NEW YORK. 
$956.78 
Mar 10 2016 
NY 
UNITED AIRLINES - HOUSTON. TX 
S8.99 
Mar 10 2016 
WEILL CORNELL PO BUS OFF NEW YORK. NY 
$70.00 
Mar II 2016 
NORDSTROM HOUSTON. TX 
$36.81 
Mar I1 2016 
STARBUCKS *09311 HOUSTON U - Houston. TX 
$1028 
Mar 13 2016 
WWW.ITUNES.COMBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
S2.99 
Mar 13 2016 
WYVW.ITUNES.COM:BILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
$18.49 
Mar 14 2016 
GRACE'S MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 - NEW YORK. NY 
$98.06 
EFTA00590027
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 7 of 16 
lA
l ;RI  li•CAN 
EXPRESS 
Transaction Details 
MI* 
xxxx-xxx X XX-11070 
Centurion® Card / January 1, 2016 to June 20, 2016 
Date 
Description 
Card Member 
Amount 
Mar 14 2016 
HOUSTON CNBC SMARTSHOP 13- HOUSTON. TX 
$4.39 
Mar 14 2016 
UNITED AIRLINES - HOUSTON. TX 
S8.99 
Mar 14 2016 
UNITED AIRLINES - HOUSTON. TX 
$25.00 
Mar 14 2016 
WHITE AND BLUE GROUP WHITE AND BLUE - LIC. NY 
- 
-
$24.82 
Mar 15 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NY 
- 
- 
$32.97 
Mar 15 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
NEM 
$11.00 
Mar 15 2016 
THE HEALTH NUTS 000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
MI= 
$33.07 
Mar 15 2016 
UNITED AIRLINES - HOUSTON. TX 
-$8.99 
Mar 16 2016 
BLOOMINGDALES #001000000001 NEW YORK. NY 
$204.14 
Mar 16 2016 
CVS PHARMACY NEW YORK. NY 
$49.78 
Mar 16 2016 
LEATHER SPA 000000001 NEW YORK. NY 
$80.00 
Mar 16 2016 
NYC TAXI 4H89 09001530013 BRONX. NY 
$8.75 
Mar 16 2016 
ORENTREICH MEDICAL GRO NEW YORK. NY 
$34.00 
Mar 16 2016 
RICKY'S NYC 102 NEW YORK NY 
$92.54 
Mar 16 2016 
SHIEL MEDICAL LABORATORY- BROOKLYN. NY 
$32.08 
Mar 16 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$5.50 
Mar 16 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$11.00 
Mar 16 2016 
UNITED AIRLINES - HOUSTON. TX 
S3.99 
Mar 16 2016 
WVVW.ITUNES.CORBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
S5.99 
Mar 17 2016 
CLOVER NAILS 0001 NEW YORK. NY 
$65.50 
Mar 17 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NY 
$33.85 
Mar 17 2016 
NYC TAXI 3H52 09012340014 LONG ISLAND C. NY 
$13.55 
Mar 17 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$11.00 
Mar 18 2016 
INFLIGHT WI-Fl - LTV MELBOURNE. FL 
S5.97 
Mar 18 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$11.00 
Mar 18 2016 
UNITED AIRLINES - NEW YORK. NY 
$25.00 
Mar 19 2016 
LGAAIRPORTRESTAURANTS.LP JAMAICA. NY 
$4.41 
Mar 21 2016 
6051310 EINSTEIN BROS BAGEL - HOUSTON. TX 
$10.34 
Mar 21 2016 
INFLIGHT WI-Fl - LTV MELBOURNE. FL 
$5.97 
Mar 21 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
S5.50 
Mar 21 2016 
STARBUCKS C SOUTH HOUSTON. TX 
$4.35 
Mar 21 2016 
UNITED AIRLINES - HOUSTON. TX 
- 
- 
$25.00 
Mar 22 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 NEW YORK. NY 
$8022 
Mar 22 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NY 
$52.57 
Mar 22 2016 
NEW TOP QUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
$49.50 
Mar 22 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
- 
- 
$11.00 
Mar 22 2016 
TDI BROADWAY.COM
.NY 
- 
-
$480.64 
Mar 22 2016 
THE HEALTH NUTS 000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
$4.18 
Mar 22 2016 
THE HEALTH NUTS 000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
$23.19 
Mar 23 2016 
DLCOMPANYRE - 3016566463. MD 
$3520 
Mar 23 2016 
MURRAY HILL MARKET 00.08020554443 - NEW YORK. NY 
$23.87 
Mar 23 2016 
PAYPAL 'XIAUSER2013 4029357733. CA 
$11.60 
Mar 23 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
S5.50 
EFTA00590028
--- PAGE 8 ---
Page 8 of 16 
'AMERICAN 
EXPRESS 
Transaction Details 
Ma* 
xxxx-xxxXXX-11070 
Centurion® Card January 1, 2016 to June 20, 2016 
Date 
Description 
Mar 23 2016 
UNITED AIRLINES - HOUSTON. TX 
Card Member 
Amount 
S8.99 
Mar 24 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 - NEW YORK. NY 
Mar 24 2016 
GRISTEDES STORE NEW YORK. NY 
Mar 24 2016 
UGHT SOURCE TAXI NEW YORK. NY 
$36.60 
$46.56 
$14.76 
Mar 24 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
Mar 24 2016 
TLF FELLAN FLORIST FLORAL GALL TLF FEL NEW YORK. NY 
Mar 24 2016 
WVVW.IT1JNES.COMBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
MI= 
- 
-
511.00 
$97.99 
510.88 
Mar 24 2016 
WVVW.ITUNES.CORBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
Mar 25 2016 
AWESOME TAXI MANAGEM AWESOME TAXI MA - NEW YORK, 
NY 
Mar 25 2016 
CLOVER NAILS 0001 NEW YORK, NY 
IMM 
519.99 
512.96 
$51.50 
Mar 25 2016 
Mar 25 2016 
Mar 25 2016 
S & R MEDALliON TAXI NEW YORK, NY 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
512.36 
S5.50 
511.00 
Mar 26 2016 
Mar 26 2016 
Mar 27 2016 
QUEENS MEDALLION - LONG ISLAND CITY. NY 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
CVS PHARMACY NEW YORK. NY 
-
--
$7.30 
$11.00 
$37.76 
Mar 27 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 0000)0000279288 - NEW YORK. NY 
Mar 27 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
Mar 28 2016 
DUANE READE 000014470 - NEW YORK. NY 
$88.58 
511.00 
56.84 
Mar 28 2016 
Mar 28 2016 
Mar 28 2016 
FOOT LOCKER - NEW YORK. NY 
GAP US 711 - NEW YORK. NY 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NY 
5170.00 
512.56 
$35.41 
Mar 28 2016 
Mar 28 2016 
Mar 28 2016 
NYC TAXI 6M58 09000990010 - LONG ISLAND C. NY 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New Ye*, NY 
THE HEALTH NUTS 000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
512.95 
511.00 
$69.59 
Mar 28 2016 
Mar 29 2016 
Mar 29 2016 
THE UPS STORE #1083 NEW YORK. NY 
FIJI WATER COMPANY LLC LOS ANGELES. CA 
NYC TAXI 3L18 09012340014 - LONG ISLAND C. NY 
$3.37 
$88.50 
$5.75 
Mar 29 2016 
Mar 29 2016 
Mar 29 2016 
POSTMATES ATLANTIC GRI - SAN FRANCISCO. CA 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
WWW.ITUNES.CORBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
$22.17 
511.00 
$23.98 
Mar 30 2016 
Mar 30 2016 
Mar 30 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 - NEW YORK. NY 
NYC TAXI 9V26 09022250013 - PHILADELPHIA, PA 
NYC-TAXI VERIFONE - LONG ISLAND CITY. NY 
$5320 
513.55 
516.56 
Mar 30 2016 
Mar 30 2016 
Mar 30 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
THE HEALTH NUTS 000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
$4.84 
511.00 
$68.53 
Mar 30 2016 
UBER UBER - 
. CA 
Mar 31 2016 
CVS PHARMACY NEW YORK. NY 
Mar 31 2016 
NEW TOP QUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
510.88 
$38.98 
51925 
Mar 31 2016 
Mar 31 2016 
ORENTREICH MEDICAL GRO NEW YORK. NY 
PERSONALIZATION MALL BURR RIDGE. IL 
$34.00 
$64.89 
EFTA00590029
--- PAGE 9 ---
Page 9 of 16 
(S,
DCPFtE SS 
Transaction Details 
Wik 
xxxx-xxx X XX-11070 
Centurione Card / January 1, 2016 to June 20, 2016 
Date 
Descdpdon 
Card Member 
Amant 
Mar 31 2016 
STARBUCKS *00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
- 
— 
1 DO 
Mar 31 2016 
UNITED AIRLINES - HOUSTON. TX 
$38220 
Apr 01 2016 
BARNES NOBLE - NEW YORK. NY 
$47.09 
Apr 01 2016 
JTL MANAGEMENT TAXI - LONG ISLAND CITY, NY 
$15.36 
Apr 01 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 9 GRAMER 650000007913 - NEW YORK. NV 
58.66 
Apr 01 2016 
STARBUCKS *00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
$11.00 
Apr 01 2016 
THEFACESHOP4 000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
$53.88 
Apr 01 2016 
WWW.ITUNES.COMBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
57.07 
Apr 02 2016 
CVS PHARMACY - NEW YORK. NY 
$48.16 
Apr 02 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NY 
$49.57 
Apr 02 2016 
STARBUCKS *00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
55.50 
Apr 02 2016 
STARBUCKS *00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
$11.00 
Apr 03 2016 
NYC-TAXI VERIFONE - LONG ISLAND CITY. NY 
$23.16 
Apr 03 2016 
THE HEALTH NUTS 000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
$3921 
Apr 03 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
$19.57 
Apr 03 2016 
UNITED AIRLINES - HOUSTON. TX 
$89.00 
Apr 04 2016 
ATMANANDA YOGA SEOUENCE 00.08084203036 NEW YORK, 
$140.00 
Apr 04 2016 
NY 
BLOOMINGDALE'S *001000000001 - NEW YORK. NV 
$44.64 
Apr 04 2016 
BLOOMINGDALE'S *001 000000001 - NEW YORK. NV 
$112.14 
Apr 04 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NV 
$30.69 
Apr04 2016 
NEW TOP QUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
IMM 
$25.75 
Apr 04 2016 
SOUEN RESTURANT • NEW YORK. NY 
IMM 
$2441 
Apr04 2016 
STARBUCKS *00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
$11.00 
Apr04 2016 
THE CONTAINER STORE - NEW YORK. NY 
$23.92 
Apr04 2016 
THE UPS STORE *1083 - NEW YORK. NY 
51.52 
Apr 05 2016 
STARBUCKS *00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
IMM 
$11.00 
Apr 05 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
IMM 
$52.50 
Apr 052016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
IMM 
$5324 
Apr 05 2016 
WALGREENS • NEW YORK. NY 
$18.65 
Apr 06 2016 
DUANE READE 000014470 - NEW YORK. NY 
$3.99 
Apr 06 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NV 
$19.63 
Apr 06 2016 
NYC TAXI 2Y56 09000110015 LONG ISLAND C. NY 
IMM 
59.35 
Apr 062016 
PAPYRUS -NEW YORK. NY 
$20.69 
Apr 062016 
STARBUCKS *00821 NEW YORK U - New York NV 
55.50 
Apr 06 2016 
STARBUCKS *00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
-
$11.00 
Apr 06 2016 
STARBUCKS *00821 NEW YORK U - New York NV 
--
$25.00 
Apr 07 2016 
ASTORIA TAXI LEASING - LONG ISLAND CITY, NY 
--
$13.56 
Apr 07 2016 
CLOVER NAILS 0001 - NEW YORK, NY 
$59.50 
Apr 07 2016 
Juice Press - Gramercy - New York, NY 
--
$19.70 
Apr 07 2016 
NYC TAXI 3663 09000150011 - BROOKLYN, NY 
--
$19.30 
Apr 07 2016 
UNITED AIRLINES - HOUSTON. TX 
--
$8.99 
Apr 07 2016 
UNITED AIRLINES - NEW YORK. NY 
--
$25.00 
EFTA00590030
--- PAGE 10 ---
Page 10 of 16 
EsPRES5 
Transaction Details 
MiNg 
XXXX-XXXXXX-11070 
Centurion® Card / January 1, 2016 to June 20, 2016 
Date 
Description 
Apr 08 2016 
LGAAIRPORTRESTAURANTS.LP JAMAICA. NY 
Card Member 
Amount 
$13.29 
Apr 09 2016 
GoGoAir.Com INFUGHT 
CO 
Apr 09 2016 
THE HEALTH NUTS 000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
Apr 10 2016 
ALL TAXI MANAGEMENT ALL TAXI MANAGE - 41-25 36TH ST LIC, 
NY 
§10.81 
$4521 
§11.76 
Apr 10 2016 
Apr 10 2016 
Apr 11 2016 
NYC TAXI 7Y25 09001530013 BRONX. NY 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NY 
§10.55 
$50.00 
$40.86 
Apr 11 2016 
Apr 12 2016 
Apr 12 2016 
WWW.ITUNES.COM.BILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NY 
NEW TOP DUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
$28.96 
$20.69 
§19.50 
Apr 12 2016 
Apr 12 2016 
Apr 13 2016 
THE HEALTH NUTS 000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
THE UPS STORE #1083 NEW YORK. NY 
EOUINOX ENERGY WEAR NEW YORK. NY 
$23.19 
S6.83 
$101.20 
Apr 13 2016 
Apr 13 2016 
Apr 13 2016 
PEACEFOOD CAFE DOWNTOW - NEW YORK. NY 
WWW.ITUNES.COM:BILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
WWW.ITUNES.COM:BILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
$28.66 
S2.99 
$14.14 
Apr 14 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 NEW YORK. NY 
Apr 14 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 9 GRAMER 650000007913 - NEW YORK. NY 
Apr 14 2016 
THE HEALTH NUTS 000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
$57.54 
59.74 
§19.97 
Apr 15 2016 
EOUINOX #105 - NEW YORK. NY 
Apr 15 2016 
NYC INTERBORO MANAGEMENTTAXI- LONG ISLAND CITY. NY 
Apr 15 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
$329.67 
$14.76 
S1.28 
Apr 15 2016 
STARBUCKS #07427 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
Apr 15 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
Apr 15 2016 
WWW.ITUNES.COMBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
Apr 16 2016 
ALL TAXI MANAGEMENT ALL TAXI MANAGE - 41-25 36TH ST LIC. IMMI 
$22.30 
NY 
54.95 
§16.99 
S7.98 
Apr 16 2016 
DIRECT MANAGEMENT ASTORIA. NY 
Apr 16 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 - NEW YORK, NY 
§13.56 
59.74 
Apr 16 2016 
UBER UBER • 
CA 
Apr 17 2016 
662 10TH AVENUE MGM 662 10TH AVENUE - NEW YORK. NY 
Apr 17 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 102 PRIN 650030007931 NEW YORK, NY 
S8.81 
$31.56 
S8.66 
Apr 17 2016 
Apr 17 2016 
Apr 17 2016 
MTA MVMM215-SPRING ST - NEW YORK. NY 
SANCTUARY TEA SANCTUARY TEA NEW YORK, NY 
STARBUCKS #07684 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$20.00 
§19.33 
$7.40 
Apr 17 2016 
UBER UBER 
CA 
Apr 18 2016 
CVS PHARMACY NEW YORK. NY 
Apr 18 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 0000)0000279288 - NEW YORK. NY 
$29.45 
§11.81 
§75.63 
Apr 18 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931- NEW YORK, NY 
Apr 18 2016 
NEW TOP DUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
Apr 18 2016 
POSTMATES ATLANTIC GRI - SAN FRANCISCO. CA 
$14.37 
$84.00 
$44.92 
Apr 19 2016 
GTT PLANO. TX 
$150.00 
Apr 19 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK, NY 
MM 
59.74 
EFTA00590031
--- PAGE 11 ---
Page 11 of 16 
EXPRESS
r
Transaction Details 
XXXX-XXXXXX-11070 
Centurion010 Card / January 1, 2016 to June 20, 2016 
Date 
Descdpdon 
Card Member 
Amant 
Apr 19 2016 
THE HEALTH NUTS 000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
$58.14 
Apr 20 2016 
BEEKMAN THEATRE NEW YORK. NV 
$14.50 
Apr 20 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 - NEW VORK. NY 
$14.37 
Apr 20 2016 
PHARMACY DEPOT 0577- BROOKLYN. NY 
$66.39 
Apr 20 2016 
POTTERY BARN KIDS NEW YORK. NY 
$33.75 
Apr 20 2016 
UBER UBER 
CA 
$10.00 
Apr 21 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 - NEW VORK. NY 
89.74 
Apr 21 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 9 GRAMER 650000007913 - NEW YORK. NY 
59.74 
Apr 21 2016 
LA BONNE SOUPE 000000001 • NEW YORK. NV 
$17.15 
Apr 21 2016 
STARBUCKS *00821 NEW VORK U - New York, NV 
55.50 
Apr 22 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NY 
$21.98 
Apr 22 2016 
POSTMATES ATLANTIC GRI - SAN FRANCISCO. CA 
$58.35 
Apr 22 2016 
THE UPS STORE #1083 - NEW YORK. NV 
S7.46 
Apr 22 2016 
WWW.ITUNES.COLABILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
$1597 
Apr 23 2016 
CVS PHARMACY • NEW YORK. NV 
$1935 
Apr 23 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 - NEW VORK. NY 
$15.46 
Apr 23 2016 
NEW TOP QUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
$35.50 
Apr 23 2016 
NVC TAXI 2G67 09002430015 - NEW VORK. NY 
$2075 
Apr 23 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
$20.99 
Apr 24 2016 
BEEKMAN THEATRE - NEW YORK. NV 
$14.50 
Apr 24 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 - NEW YORK. NV 
$35.81 
Apr 24 2016 
NVC TAXI 7P79 09000770016 - WOODSIDE. NY 
$14.75 
Apt 24 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
$19.90 
Apr 25 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 - NEW VORK. NY 
89.74 
Apr 25 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NY 
$21.98 
Apr 25 2016 
NEW TOP QUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
$4975 
Apr 25 2016 
STARBUCKS *00821 NEW VORK U - New York. NY 
55.50 
Apr 26 2016 
STARBUCKS *07860 NEW VORK U - New York. NY 
57.95 
Apr 27 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NV 
$43.86 
Apr 27 2016 
ORENTREICH MEDICAL GRO - NEW YORK. NY 
$34.00 
Apr 27 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW VORK U - New York. NY 
S5.50 
Apr 27 2016 
THE HEALTH NUTS 000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
$32.57 
Apr 27 2016 
THE UPS STORE #1083 - NEW YORK. NV 
59.64 
Apr 28 2016 
BLOOMINGDALE'S *001000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
$45.73 
Apr 28 2016 
CVS PI-IARMACY • NEW YORK. NV 
$12.83 
Apr 28 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 - NEW VORK. NY 
S2.50 
Apr 28 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 - NEW VORK. NY 
89.74 
Apr 28 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NV 
S8.61 
Apr 28 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
$23.91 
Apr 28 2016 
NVC TAXI 3K88 09001750017 - ASTORIA. NY 
$26.15 
Apr 28 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
$21.02 
Apr 28 2016 
WWW.ITUNES.COMBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
$25.87 
Apr 29 2016 
DUANE READE 000014470 - NEW YORK. NV 
$36.02 
EFTA00590032
--- PAGE 12 ---
Page 12 of 16 
il
CAN 
EXPRESS 
Transaction Details 
IOW 
xxxx-xxx X XX-11070 
Centurion® Card / January 1, 2016 to June 20, 2016 
Date 
Description 
aC
 Member 
Amount 
Apr 29 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK. NY 
$2629 
Apr 29 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
M=I 
$23.30 
Apr 29 2016 
NEW TOP QUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
M=I 
$69.00 
Apr 30 2016 
BODYBUILDING.COM 
ID 
- 
-
$31.21 
Apr 30 2016 
CVS PHARMACY NEW YORK. NY 
- 
-
$73.38 
Apr 30 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
$23.91 
Apr 30 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$11.00 
Apr 30 2016 
THE HEALTH NUTS 000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
$48.47 
May 01 2016 
FIJI WATER COMPANY US - LOS ANGELES. CA 
$88.50 
May 01 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK. NY 
$14.37 
May 02 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 NEW YORK. NY 
$57.44 
May 02 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK. NY 
$9.74 
May 02 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NY 
$18.98 
May 02 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
$2227 
May 02 2016 
STARBUCKS 000821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$11.00 
May 03 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$11.00 
May 03 2016 
WWW.ITIJNES.CORBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
$15.96 
May 07 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$11.00 
May 11 2016 
NYC TAXI 2L85 09000770016 - WOODSIDE. NY 
$11.75 
May 12 2016 
BED BATH 8 BEYOND - NEW YORK. NY 
$92.18 
May 12 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 - NEW YORK. NY 
$45.36 
May 12 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK. NY 
$11.16 
May 12 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
$12.90 
May 12 2016 
NEW TOP QUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
$60.00 
May 12 2016 
NYC TAXI 3N27 09000800011 BROOKLYN. NY 
$14.75 
May 12 2016 
RICKYS NYC 102 NEW YORK NY 
$141.54 
May 12 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$5.50 
May 12 2016 
UNITED AIRLINES - HOUSTON. TX 
S8.99 
May 12 2016 
WWW.ITUNES.CORSILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
S7.98 
May 13 2016 
CVS PHARMACY NEW YORK. NY 
$91.34 
May 13 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 -NEW YORK. NY 
69.74 
May 13 2016 
WYVW.ITUNES.CORBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
$2.99 
May 13 2016 
WWW.ITUNES.COMMLL - CUPERTINO. CA 
$14.14 
May 13 2016 
WWW.ITUNES.CORBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
$14.99 
May 14 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK. NY 
S2.50 
May 14 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK. NY 
$9.74 
May 14 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
$17.96 
May 14 2016 
NAILS 8 SPA ON SECOND NEW YORK. NY 
$36.80 
May 14 2016 
RICKYS NYC 102 NEW YORK NY 
$18.49 
May 14 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$11.00 
May 14 2016 
WVVW.ITIJNES.CORBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
S5.99 
May 15 2016 
GRISTEDES STORE NEW YORK. NY 
$34.36 
May 15 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NY 
$21.98 
EFTA00590033
--- PAGE 13 ---
Page 13 of 16 
Ah1E RICAN 
EXPRESS 
Transaction Details 
OH* 
xxxx-xxxxxx-11070 
Centurion® Card / January 1, 2016 to June 20, 2016 
Date 
Deacdpdon 
Card Member 
Amount 
May 152016 
THE CONTAINER STORE - NEW YORK. NY 
$48.96 
May 152016 
THE HEALTH NUTS 000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
$68.95 
May 16 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 NEW YORK. NY 
$24.59 
May 16 2016 
SIt MANAGEMENT TAXI - LONG ISLAND CITY, NY 
$14.16 
May 16 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK, NY 
•=11 
S2.50 
May 16 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 13 EAST 6500000081874 - NEW YORK. NY 
$9.74 
May 16 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
$17.96 
May 16 2016 
NYC TAXI 6D30 09022720015 NEW YORK. NY 
$9.95 
May 16 2016 
STARBUCKS a07525 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
S5.50 
May 17 2016 
CLOVER NAILS 0001 NEW YORK, NY 
$66.50 
May 17 2016 
NEW TOP DUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
$55.00 
May 17 2016 
NYC TAXI 4Y38 09000010017 - LONG ISLAND C. NY 
$20.15 
May 17 2016 
NYC TAXI 8A78 09006910012 JAMAICA. NY 
517.75 
May 17 2016 
STARBUCKS 000821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
S5.50 
May 17 2016 
STARBUCKS #07427 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
S7.95 
May 18 2016 
BLOOMINGDALES #001000000001 NEW YORK. NY 
§71.00 
May 18 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
S5.50 
May 19 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 -NEW YORK, NY 
$11.16 
May 19 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
$26.57 
May 19 2016 
NEW TOP DUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
$25.00 
May 19 2016 
STARBUCKS a00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
S5.50 
May 19 2016 
UBER UBER 
CA 
S7.00 
May 20 2016 
DUANE READE 000014470 - NEW YORK. NY 
S6.38 
May 20 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 -NEW YORK, NY 
S2.50 
May 20 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NY 
$43.96 
May 20 2016 
SPORTS AUTHORITY - NEW YORK. NY 
$30.00 
May 20 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
§11.00 
May 21 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 - NEW YORK. NY 
$57.27 
May 21 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK, NY 
S2.50 
May 21 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
$17.96 
May 21 2016 
NEW TOP DUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
$20.00 
May 21 2016 
NYC TAXI 5E50 09022070015 BRONX. NY 
$13.55 
May 21 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
S5.50 
May 22 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
$13.78 
May 22 2016 
NYC TAXI 3H55 09022250013 - PHILADELPHIA. PA 
$21.35 
May 22 2016 
NYC TAXI 6G41 09022250013 - PHILADELPHIA, PA 
$20.75 
May 22 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York NY 
S5.50 
May 22 2016 
THE SMILE RESTAURANT NEW YORK, NY 
$36.08 
May 22 2016 
UBER UBER - 
CA 
$61.38 
May 23 2016 
EOUINOX MOTO 0105 - 
NY 
5230.00 
May 23 2016 
FIJI WATER COMPANY LLC LOS ANGELES. CA 
$88.50 
May 23 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 -NEW YORK. NY 
S2.50 
May 23 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 -NEW YORK. NY 
89.74 
EFTA00590034
--- PAGE 14 ---
Page 14 of 16 
Transaction Details 
Centurion® Card / January 1, 2016 to June 20, 2016 
illA
mCAN 
EXPRESS 11,110" 
xxxx.xxxxxxi 
1070 
Date 
Description 
Card Member 
Amount 
May 23 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
$19.49 
May 23 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
S5.50 
May 23 2016 
STARBUCKS #07525 NEW YORK U - New Yo*. NY 
M=1 
S5.50 
May 23 2016 
UBER UBER 
CA 
M=1 
$10.00 
May 23 2016 
WHITE AND BLUE GROUP WHITE AND BLUE - LIC. NY 
$29.76 
May 24 2016 
BLOOMINGDALES #001 000000001 NEW YORK. NY 
$179.64 
May 24 2016 
CVS PHARMACY NEW YORK. NY 
$24.13 
May 24 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NY 
M=1 
$21.98 
May 24 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
M=1 
$14.59 
May 24 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
M=1 
$15.19 
May 24 2016 
NYC TAXI 2W12 09022040018 - BROOKLYN. NY 
$24.35 
May 24 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$5.50 
May 24 2016 
THE HEALTH NUTS 000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
$24.67 
May 24 2016 
WVVW.ITUNES.COMBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
$32.86 
May 25 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK. NY 
$9.74 
May 25 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
M=1 
$12.91 
May 25 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
$17.96 
May 25 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$5.50 
May 25 2016 
STARBUCKS #07525 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$5.50 
May 25 2016 
UBER UBER 
CA 
$10.12 
May 26 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK. NY 
S2.50 
May 26 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
$34.23 
May 26 2016 
NEW TOP QUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
$39.00 
May 26 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$5.50 
May 26 2016 
STARBUCKS #18509 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$8.95 
May 27 2016 
CLOVER NAILS 0001 NEW YORK. NY 
M=1 
$69.50 
May 27 2016 
GENES COOP CAFE NEW YORK. NY 
M=1 
$41.93 
May 27 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NY 
M=1 
$43.96 
May 27 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
$13.78 
May 27 2016 
NYC TAXI 2G76 09022250013 - PHILADELPHIA. PA 
$15.35 
May 27 2016 
QUEENS MEDALLION - LONG ISLAND COY. NY 
$9.96 
May 27 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
M=1 
S5.50 
May 27 2016 
WVVW.ITUNES.COMBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
M=1 
S5.99 
May 27 2016 
WVVW.ITUNES.COMBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
M=1 
$19.99 
May 28 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 - NEW YORK. NY 
$15.74 
May 28 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK. NY 
$2.50 
May 28 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
$17.96 
May 28 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
S5.50 
May 31 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK. NY 
S2.50 
May 31 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK. NY 
$20.58 
Jun 01 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
$22.05 
Jun 01 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$5.50 
Jun 01 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$5.50 
EFTA00590035
--- PAGE 15 ---
Page 15 of 16 
ht
RllCAN 
E70PRESS 
Transaction Details 
WOO 
XXXX-XXXXXX-11070 
Centurion® Card / January 1, 2016 to June 20, 2016 
Date 
Description 
Card Member 
Amount 
Jun 02 2016 
Jun 02 2016 
Jun 02 2016 
DUANE READE #14221 000014221 - NEW YORK. NY 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK, NY 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 0000 - NEW YORK. NY 
IMM 
MEM 
MEM 
$43.43 
$2.50 
$20.08 
Jun 02 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
§11.98 
Jun 02 2016 
POSTMATES ATLANTIC GRI - SAN FRANCISCO. CA 
665.49 
Jun 02 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York NY 
$5.50 
Jun 02 2016 
STARBUCKS #18509 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
$5.50 
Jun 02 2016 
THE HEALTH NUTS 000000001 - NEW YORK. NY 
$31.21 
Jun 03 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 0000 - NEW YORK. NY 
MI= 
§19.32 
Jun 03 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
§11.98 
Jun 03 2016 
NYC TAXI 4A29 09000290015 LONG ISLAND C. NY 
$8.15 
Jun 03 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
$5.50 
Jun 06 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK, NY 
$2.50 
Jun 06 2016 
STARBUCKS #00821 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
$5.50 
Jun 09 2016 
STARBUCKS #07525 NEW YORK U - New York, NY 
$7.95 
Jun 13 2016 
ALL TAXI MANAGEMENT ALL TAXI MANAGE - 41-25 36TH ST LIC, 
$9.96 
Jun 13 2016 
NY 
STARBUCKS STORE 0082 NEW YORK, NY 
§11.00 
Jun 13 2016 
WVVW.ITUNES.COM:BILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
$2.99 
Jun 13 2016 
WVVW.ITUNES.CORBILL - CUPERTINO. CA 
§14.14 
Jun 14 2016 
BED BATH 8 BEYOND - NEW YORK. NY 
$42.56 
Jun 14 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK. NY 
$2.50 
Jun 14 2016 
JUICE PRESS 3 - New York. NY 
IMM 
$32.97 
Jun 14 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 0000 - NEW YORK. NY 
IMM 
$36.74 
Jun 14 2016 
NEW TOP QUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
IMM 
$28.00 
Jun 14 2016 
NEW TOP QUALITY CLEANERS - NEW YORK. NY 
$34.50 
Jun 14 2016 
RICKY'S NYC 102 - NEW YORK NY 
675.11 
Jun 14 2016 
STARBUCKS STORE 0082 NEW YORK, NY 
$5.50 
Jun 15 2016 
Apple Store 6313914350 - NewYork 
IMM 
$31.57 
Jun 15 2016 
CVS PHARMACY NEW YORK. NY 
IMM 
$30.67 
Jun 15 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 - NEW YORK. NY IMM 
$2.50 
Jun 15 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
$41.72 
Jun 15 2016 
STARBUCKS STORE 0082 NEW YORK, NY 
$5.50 
Jun 16 2016 
CLOVER NAILS 0001 NEW YORK, NY 
$58.00 
Jun 16 2016 
GRACES MARKETPLACE 000000000279288 NEW YORK. NY 
IMM 
$34.02 
Jun 16 2016 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 - NEW YORK, NY 
$2.50 
Jun 16 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN NEW YORK. NY 
§11.98 
Jun 16 2016 
NYC TAXI GROUP NYC TAXI GR0UP% - LONG ISLAND CITY. NY 
§18.36 
Jun 16 2016 
STARBUCKS STORE 0082 NEW YORK, NY 
$5.50 
Jun 16 2016 
TAXI CREDIT CARD WOODSIDE, NY 
§12.96 
Jun 17 2016 
BLOOMINGDALES #001000000001 NEW YORK. NY 
IMM 
§117.59 
Jun 17 2016 
CVS PHARMACY NEW YORK. NY 
$32.64 
Jun 17 2016 
DUANE READE 000014470 - NEW YORK. NY 
$61.97 
EFTA00590036
--- PAGE 16 ---
Page 16 of 16 
EXPRESS 
Date 
Jun 17 2016 
Jun 17 2016 
Jun 17 2016 
Jun 17 2016 
Transaction Details 
01111, 
XXXX-XXX X XX-11070 
Description 
JUICE GENERATION 103 LEXI 650000007931 NEW YORK. NY 
Centurion® Card / January 1, 2016 to June 20, 2016 
LE PAIN OUOTIDIEN 148 - NEW YORK. NY 
ORENTREICH MEDICAL GRO NEW YORK. NY 
STARBUCKS 007525 NEW YORK U - New York. NY 
SUMMARY 
Payments 
Pay In Full Charges 
Pay Over Time Charges 
Credits 
Total 
Card Member 
MI =I 
Amount 
$2.50 
$12.90 
$34.00 
$5.50 
$0.00 
$20.771.67 
$0.00 
-$67.99 
$20.703.68 
EFTA00590037

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590038.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590038.pdf
----------------------------------------
BOOTHBAY ABSOLUTE RETURN STRATEGIES, LP 
DECEMBER, 2015 
B BOOTHBAY 
FUND MANAGEMENT 
()VERO, IEV, 
Boothbay Absolute Return Strategies, LP ("Boothbay') is a market neutral multi-strategy fund, launched in July 2014 by Ad Glass. Mr. Glass brings 
decades of operating and investing experience to Boothbay. where he and his team use a combination of proprietary technology and qualitative judgment 
to identify and invest in talented emerging investment managers. Allocations are made through a managed accounts structure, creating diverse alpha 
streams within a single product. Allocations can be made via a unique down side protected 'first-loss' capital allocation tool. Boothbay currently allocates to 
over eighty managers. 
INVESTMENT I'111L0S0PHY & APPROACH 
Boothbay believe in combining non-correlated positive expectancy strategies into a cohesive portfolio. which is further enhanced by operational and 
structural alphas. Boothbay seeks to generate absolute returns with low volatility and low correlations to traditional asset classes through all market 
conditions, while maintaining target portfolio level net exposure (beta adjusted) within (+1. 10%). Capital is deployed based on manager edge, background. 
strategy, volatility and correlations to the market and to other strategies. Live aggregated data allows for Boothbay to dynamically manage and risk and 
capital allocation. 
ARI GLASS - FOUNDER BIOGRAPHY 
As Managing Member of Boothbay. Mr. Glass runs the business and oversees all allocation and portfolio construction decisions. Prior to Boothbay, Mr. 
Glass served as President of a multi-strategy hedge fund. Platinum Management. where in addition to overseeing all non-investing activities. he shared 
responsibilities for asset allocation and risk management, including the selection of portfolio managers. From 2000.2007 Mr. Glass served as the COO of 
'Tiger Cub' Intrepid Capital Management Inc ("Intrepid*), a $2.5 billion hedge fund seeded by Soros Fund Management. At Intrepid, Mr. Glass oversaw all 
non-portfolio related activities. In 2004, Mr. Glass launched Intrepid Associates LLC, an affiliated entity that added fund managers to Intrepid' s platform. 
including sector funds in the healthcare and global utilities spaces. From 1998-2000 Mr. Glass was an executive at Vector Capital Management, a 
quantitative hedge fund and broker-dealer. Previously. he worked at Coopers 8 Lybrand LLC (1995.1198) and at Prudential Securities (1994-1995). 
COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES 
• Live. daily position-level transparency enables market neutral stance and greater risk oversight in the pursuit of absolute net retums 
• Selection process involves customized terms and risk parameters for every manager, sometimes induding a first loss-capital allocation tool 
• Operational efficiency derived from the cross-margining of managed accounts allows for dynamic allocations 
• Leverages experience and knowledge with emerging managers to structure relationships with competitive terms and capacity rights 
• Active risk budgeting process uses covariance matrix to optimize manager selection, distribute allocations and manage concentrations 
• Managed account structure removes operational risk often associated with emerging managers 
PI RI. ORM 1N( 'I s I X I Is I IC s' 
07/01/14 - 12/31/15 
Boothba 
500 
Cumulative Net Total Return 
11.7% 
4.27% 
Average Annualized Net Return 
7.68% 
2.83% 
Percentage of Up Months 
83% 
50% 
Percentage of Down Months 
17% 
50% 
Best Month Net Return 
1.75% 
8.30% 
Worst Month Net Return 
-0.49% 
-6.28% 
Standard Deviation 
2.25% 
11.88% 
Sharpe Ratio 
3.31 
0.29 
Sortino Ratio 
13.84 
0.50 
Calmar Ratio 
9.27 
0.32 
Largest Consecutive Gain 
12.7% 
9.15% 
Largest Drawdown 
-0.8% 
-8.9% 
Beta (to 
500) 
0.01 
1.00 
Ft ND SUMMARY 
Firm AUM 
Management Fee 
Incentive Allocation 
High Water Mark 
Administrator 
Auditor 
Legal 
Kleinberg. 
Primary Prime 
Brokers 
$158M 
1.0% 
14.0% 
Yes 
NAV Consulting 
KPMG 
Kaplan. Woll&Cohen 
UBS. BNP Panbas 
CONTACT.
Frederick Richardson 
EFTA00590038
--- PAGE 2 ---
BOOTHBAY ABSOLUTE RETURN STRATEGIES, LP 
DECEMBER, 2015 
B BOOTHBAY 
FUND MANAGEMENT 
MONTHLY NET RI. r t RN ti
JAN 
2014 
FEB 
MAR 
APR 
MAY 
JUN 
JCI. 
• 
-0.28% 
AUG
0.28% 
SEPT
-034% 
OCT 
-0.49% 
NOV 
1.00% 
DEC 
1.34% 
0.45%." 
YTD 
1.50% 
ITO 
*42015 0.81% 
1.54% 
1.46% 
0.42% 1.75% 0.06% 
0.52% 
0.75% 
0.67% 
0.34% 
0.89% 
10.08% 11.74% 
A estimated 
MARKET BETA SUMMARY!
Boothbay Portfolio 
500 
0.01 
HFRX Absolute Return 
0.42 
HFRX Global Fund 
0.20 
Russell 2000 
0.04 
RETURN DISTRIBUTION"' 
got Months 
• Boothbay 
• 
500 
c-I% 
-I% to - 
-0.5%tia 0 0 to 0.5% 
0.5 to I% 
>1% 
0.5% 
Returns 
EQUITY CURVE" 
— 
Boothbay 
1.15 
1.10 
1.05 
1.00 
0.95 
500 
Jul-14 
OCI 14 
Jan-15 
Apr-15 
Jul-15 
Oct-15 
LP ALLOCATION BY STRATEGY TYPES
Quantitative 
29% 
Other 
22% 
Fundamental 
LS 
49% 
GROSS EXPOSURE BY SECTOR` 
monies 
4% 
Consumer 
Stapes 
5% 
Energy 
7% 
Health Care 
7% 
Industrials 
14% 
Malenals 
4% 
Tele-
convnunIcalion 
Serlves 
2% 
Consumer 
Discretionary 
18% 
inwrnation 
Technology 
20% 
Financials 
19% 
EFTA00590039
--- PAGE 3 ---
BOOTHBAY ABSOLUTE RETURN STRATEGIES, LP 
DECEMBER, 2015 
B BOOTHBAY 
FUND MANAGEMENT 
ANALYTICSI
Exposure 
Long 
Short 
Net 
Gross 
Leverage 
'Excludes First-Loss Allocation 
"As of 2015-12-31 Portfolio 
Performance 
°/0 of NAV 
Total Equity Positions 
Exposure*
% of Risk Adjusted Investment 
197% 
3.229 
Sector 
Long 
Short 
Gross 
Net 
-189% 
2.987 
Fundamental US 
150% 
-141% 
292% 
9% 
8% 
Quantitative 
298% 
-297% 
594% 
1% 
386% 
6.216 
Other 
169% 
-154% 
323% 
15% 
3.86 
Total 
197% 
-189% 
386% 
8% 
Attribution 
Fundamental US 
Quantitative 
Other 
First Loss 
Gross Performance 
Net Performance 
Liquidity 
Liquid in 1 day 
Liquid in 5 days 
Liquid in 10 days 
Number of Managers 
Multi-Strategy 
First Loss 
Total 
'Includes Hybrid Albcaticn 
MTD 
Long 
Short 
Total 
0.10% 
4.96% 
US & Canada 
43% 
42% 
85% 
0.06% 
3.91% 
Asia 
5% 
3% 
8% 
0.23% 
0.83% 
Europe 
3% 
2% 
5% 
0.33% 
4.36% 
Other 
1% 
1% 
2% 
0.73% 
14.73% 
Total 
53% 
47% 
100% 
0.45% 
10.08% 
"As of 2015-12-31 Portfolio 
YTD 
'Excludes First-Loss Allocation 
"As of 2015-12-31 Portfolio 
Region-
% GMV 
Market Capitalization-
97.8% 
Large 
Mid 
Small 
Total 
99.5% 
>$10B 
$28 to108 
428 
99.5% 
Fundamental US 
38% 
28% 
34% 
100% 
Quantitative 
37% 
25% 
39% 
100% 
Other 
11% 
16% 
73% 
100% 
First Loss 
31% 
19% 
49% 
100% 
Total 
33% 
24% 
42% 
100% 
"As of 2015-12-31 Portfolio 
\IU\7711.5 IZh77lt.\S 
III:N 
500 DOWN 1.2
■ Boothbay 
411500 
ti
Jul-14 
Sep-14 
Dec-14 
Jan-15 
Mar-15 
Jun-15 
Aug-15 
Sep-15 
Dec-15 
EFTA00590040
--- PAGE 4 ---
THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY INTERESTS IN BOOTHBAY ABSOLUTE RETURN STRATEGIES, LP OR ITS 
SUBSIDIARIES (TOGETHER, "THE FUND"(. AN OFFERING OF INTERESTS WILL BE MADE ONLY BY MEANS OF A CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE OFFERING MEMORANDUM (THE 
"MEMORANDUM") AND ONLY TO QUALIFIED INVESTORS IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE PERMITTED BY LAW. 
An investment in the Fund is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. The Fund will have limitations on investors' ability to withdraw or transfer their investments, 
and no secondary market for the Fund's interests exists or will develop. Certain of these risks, and other important risks, are described in detail in the Fund's 
Memorandum. Prospective investors are strongly urged to review the Memorandum carefully and consult with their own financial, legal and tax advisors, before 
investing. 
There can be no assurances that the Fund will have a return on invested capital similar to the returns of other accounts managed by Ari Glass or Boothbay Fund 
Management LLC (together with their affiliates, "Boothbay") because, among other reasons, there may be differences in investment policies, economic conditions, 
regulatory climate, portfolio size, portfolio managers, leverage and expenses. In addition, there is no guarantee that Boothbay will succeed in attracting portfolio 
managers or that it will be able to construct a successful platform of portfolio managers. The fact that the Fund or other accounts managed by Ari Glass or Booth bay have 
realized gains in the past is not an indication that the Fund will realize any gains in the future. Prior performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. 
This investor presentation contains certain forward looking statements and projections. Such statements and projections are subject to a number of assumptions, risks 
and uncertainties which may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed 
or implied by these forward-looking statements and projections. Prospective investors are cautioned not to invest based on these forward-looking statements and 
projections. 
The information in this investor presentation is current as of the date listed on the cover page and is subject to change or amendment. The delivery of this investor 
presentation at any time does not imply that the information contained herein is correct at any time subsequent to such date. Certain information contained herein has 
been supplied to Boothbay by outside sources. While Boothbay believes such sources are reliable, it cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any such 
information. 
Distribution of this investor presentation to any person other than the person to whom this information was originally delivered or to such person's advisors is 
unauthorized and any reproduction of these materials, in whole or in part, or the disclosure of any of the contents, without the express, prior written consent of 
Boothbay in each such instance is prohibited. 
ENDNOTES 
1. All returns in this investor presentation are net of a 1% management fee and a 14.0% incentive allocation. Such returns are net of expenses and reflect the 
reinvestment of dividends, capital gains and other earnings and assumes "new issues" eligibility. 
2. The SPX index is an American stock market index based on the market capitalizations of SOO large companies having common stock listed on the NYSE or NASDAQ. 
Comparisons to indices have limitations because the composition of indices (for example, in terms of number and type of securities) and the volatility and other material 
characteristics of indices may differ substantially from the Fund. In addition, unlike the Fund, which is actively managed and may periodically maintain cash positions, 
indices, such as the SPX index, are unmanaged and are fully invested. Therefore, performance of the Fund may differ substantially from the performance of an index. 
Because of these differences, an index's returns should not be viewed as a representation that the Fund's portfolio is comparable to the securities comprising such index 
and should not be relied upon as an accurate measure of comparison. 
3. These returns assume an investment at inception. Performance for an individual investor may differ due to, among other things, the timing of subscriptions and 
withdrawals, applicable management fees and incentive compensation rates, participation in designated side pocket investments, and the extent to which an investor 
may participate in "new issues." Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
4. The 2014 annual returns are based on audited data. MI monthly and the 2015 year to date returns are based on unaudited data. 
S. The sector and strategy exposure charts should not be construed as providing any assurance or guarantee as to the composition of the Fund's portfolios in the future. 
Actual portfolio composition may, and at times will, differ from such historical exposures. Percentage allocations of Boothbay as of 12/31/15. Percentages reflect LP 
equivalent allocations and does not include First Loss allocations 
EFTA00590041

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590042.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590042.pdf
----------------------------------------
June 2016 
Mr. Epstein 
Leon Black Family Foundation 
Re: Sunrise Enrichment and Recreational Activities for Cancer Stricken 
Children 
Dear Mr. Epstein, 
Thank you for your readiness to hear about the activities of Sunrise Israel. 
Sunrise Israel was founded in 2010 in order to provide an environment where 
children fighting cancer can still be kids. Sunrise operates unique day camps, 
leisure and recreational activities, free of charge, for sick children and their 
siblings. The children come from all parts of the country and participate in the 
unique camps held throughout the spring and summer vacations. The camps 
facilitate the much needed integration of adaptive recreational programming 
with medical oversight, thus restoring a sense of childhood. The children 
swim, play sports, and enjoy music, drama, arts and crafts, as well as many 
other recreational activities that healthy children often take for granted. 
Every year in Israel, 400 new children are diagnosed with cancer or other 
Lymphomas. The profound impact on the family unit is accompanied by a host 
of problems and stress, along with the difficult medical implications. While 
there are many organizations in Israel that offer programs for children with 
cancer, none of them offers the specific type of spring and summer programs 
that we do, in a medically supervised and appropriate environment, together 
with their healthy siblings. 
We are currently seeking funding for the following important needs at Sunrise: 
Spring and Summer Day Camps for Cancer Stricken Children 
Spring and Summer Day Camps offer an important experience to all children 
growing up. They learn vital social skills in a setting other than school; they 
enjoy and experience activities they have never done before. Yet, children 
with cancer cannot attend regular camps, as their immune systems are 
extremely low and the camps are not supervised medically. 
Therefore, Sunrise Israel offers spring and summer day camps free of charge 
to all children with cancer between the ages of 5-17 from all over Israel. By 
overcoming the various logistic problems and challenges that could pose risks, 
Sunrise Israel has developed an enjoyable experience for children who are 
undergoing active treatment and have made it possible for them to attend 
camp every day while returning home in the evening to the comfort and 
security of their own home and family. 
Chairman of the Board 
Menachem Revivi 
Honorary Co•Chairman 
Baron Edouard de Rothschild 
Board Members 
Dr. Yosi Ben-Dov 
Meirav Catriel Shtarker 
Mike Fliderbaum 
Ori Klein 
Yuval Koren 
Iris Leibovitz 
Sarale Luxembourg 
Ada Ronen 
Judge Varda Samet 
Sara Slew Nochomovitz 
Amuta Members 
Yoel Cheshin 
Smadar Dromi 
Rotem Hadad 
Yaniv Horovite 
Iris Kern 
Moddi Kern 
Nadin Knaan 
Tami Mankowitz 
Adina Revivi 
Audit Committee 
Doron Maor 
josh Nadel 
Medical Director 
Professor Chaim Itaplinsky 
Hood of thainc Remote Oncology 
McClain, Sheba Waco? Caner 
Tel 'Whom". lime? 
Executive Director 
Hagar Yona 
Resource Development 
Lital Gruss 
Project Manager 
Limor Zamir 
\\I I t 
ak
--e 
Sunrise 
Association 
mina " it
gro-innel• air 
nilm in 
ni• a. p oN5 
r4.Aini %poi co 
0312017 
Sunrise Israel (Charity Number: 580517167) 
(580517167 :'on i"p) 'my. Primo 
PO Box 9092, Even Yehuda 4050003 
405000311,•0 .all• tax 9092 .I.n 
Tel: .972.9.950-1544 Fax: .972-9-950.1881 
09.950.1881 :opo 09.950-1544 :7u 
www.sunriseisraelorzil 
biloasunricricrael.org U 
EFTA00590042
--- PAGE 2 ---
\\I r /, 
Talmo 
In the Spring and Summer Day Camp, the children are exposed to 
recreational fun activities which are often out of bounds for the sick children 
because of the risk of infection or injury and their special needs. The activities 
include a variety of sports, creative art classes, activities in nature, group 
games and activities, music, dance and drama, swimming, special workshops 
and excursions. 
The children are recruited by the social workers of the pediatric oncology 
departments in seven hospitals and medical centers in Israel- Tel Hashomer, 
Schneider, Sourasky (Ichilov), Rambam, Hadassah Ein Kerem Soroka and 
HaEmek. 
We are seeking support towards the Summer Camps, which take place during 
the summer vacation every year and serve children with cancer and their 
siblings. 
The Sunrise Day Camps are operated in Even Yehuda and in Beer Sheva for 
weeks during the summer vacation. Every year, approximately 200 children 
take part in our Summer Camp in Even Yehuda, and approximately 100 
cancer stricken children take part in our Summer Camp in Beer Sheva. 
As part of our efforts to expand our activities, in 2016, for the first time, 
Sunrise Israel will also offer a 2 week Summer Camp in the north of Israel, in 
the Zvulun Regional Council. This camp will be provided free of charge to 100 
children and youth between the ages of 5-17, who live in Haifa and the 
northern periphery. Launching a third camp in a new location in the north, will 
enable us to achieve our primary aim across the country, by serving children 
and youth from the center, north and south of Israel, addressing their needs 
and caring for their well-being. 
Fun Friday (Shishi Samechl 
Sunrise Israel provides enjoyable recreational activities for 300 cancer stricken 
children and their families. Experienced counselors, who also work during the 
Spring and the Summer Camps, offer various entertaining workshops, such as 
cooking, sports and music activities. The Fun Friday activities are provided in 
Even Yehuda and in Beer Sheva. The Fun Friday activities are provided once 
a year. In the Fun Friday activities, cancer stricken children and their families 
spend much needed quality time together in a safe, medically suited and 
supervised environment, and engage in empowering, positive experiences, 
which have beneficial effects on the children's health condition. 
The Leadership Proaram 
The Leadership Program trains adolescents aged 14-17 who cannot 
participate in regular counselor training programs, due to medical reasons or 
the load on the family. The training includes both theoretic and practical 
training, it instills the youth with leadership skills and it also enhances the 
youth's self-confidence and sense of worthiness. The Counselor Training 
Program is implemented in cooperation with the Ministry of Education and 
meets all the strict standards and regulations. Program graduates not only 
51n. t.13XO runny 
Chairman of the Board 
Menachem Revivi 
Honorary Co-Chairman 
Baron Edouard de Rothschild 
Board Members 
Dr. Yosi Ben-Dov 
Meirav Catriel Shtarker 
Mike Fliderbaum 
Ori Klein 
Vuval Koren 
Iris Leibovitz 
Sarale Luxembourg 
Ada Ronen 
Judge Varda Samet 
Sara Sless Nochomovitz 
Amnia Members 
Yoel Cheshin 
Smadar Dromi 
Rotem Hadad 
Yaniv Horovitz 
Iris Keret 
Moddi Keret 
Nadin Knaan 
Tami Mankowitz 
Adina Revivi 
Audit Committee 
Doron Maor 
Josh Nadel 
Medical Director 
Professor Chaim Kaplinsky 
Head of Patornalanoto Oncology 
The Chaim Shcba Makal Caller 
Tel ilaShomer. loud 
Executive Director 
Flagar Yona 
Resource Development 
I.ital Gruss 
Project Manager 
Limor Zamir 
rt 
Sunrise 
Association 
mann asmos 
noirinn•J''
• 
'wen on 
m%',Vrat'or 
filet Unites% 
03/2011 
Sunrise Israel (Charity Number: 580517167) 
PO Box 9092, Even Yehuda 4050003 
Tel: +972-9-950-1544 Fax: +972-9-950-1881 
www.sunriseisraelorg.il 
(580517187 :ion Y'y) 
tinint0 
4050003 lipsn ,n in' tau 9092 
09.950.1881 :op 09.950-1544:10
infogbsunri%ricrael.orgjj
EFTA00590043
--- PAGE 3 ---
\\I Ft 
--4111k- : 
rruxo 
nntnv 
serve as assistant counselors in the Sunrise day camps and activities, but 
they may also work as youth counselors in local camps in their communities, 
as each graduate receives a Young Counselor Certificate. 
The program was provided as part of the Spring and Summer Camps, and so, 
in addition to the training, the adolescents also enjoyed various social and 
recreational activities. However, as of 2015, the program was expanded and 
now holds its activities throughout the year, allowing the instructors to obtain 
useful knowledge and tools on a continuous basis, year-round. Currently, a 
total of 12 youths divided into 2 groups (6 members in each group) participate 
in the program in the Ramat HaSharon Multidisciplinary Community Center, 
and take part in joint activities with the Center's youth group. 
In 2016, the Leadership Program has expanded once again, by the addition of 
a youth group in Beer Sheva which trains 6 young counselors. The training 
there also takes place throughout the year and throughout the spring and 
summer day camps. 
Sunrise Activity in Rambam and Soroka Hospitals 
This weekly leisure activity is designed for children fighting cancer from the 
northern periphery, and held throughout the year in the Pediatric Oncology 
Department of Rambam hospital in Haifa. The activity provides the sick 
children with a suitable social framework, which is designed to comply with 
their medical and social needs. It brings fun into the hospital and enables the 
children to enjoy various leisure and recreation activities; it relieves their 
stress, enables them to rest and thus provides their families with much 
needed respite. The activity sequence throughout the year enables the 
children to 
treatments. 
volunteers, 
coordinator. 
In 2016, we 
relax 
The 
while 
and express their feelings during the intense time of 
activities are delivered by qualified counselors 
and 
the program is run by an experienced and skilled 
will open similar program in Soroka Hospital in Beer Sheva. 
The relationships that we have established with the Pediatric Oncology 
Departments in various hospitals that refer the children and with the families 
who have taken part in our day camps testify to the trust and satisfaction of 
our programs. In 2012 Sunrise Israel received the Award for Outstanding 
Summer Camp of the Year by the Israeli Ministry of Education which further 
attests to our achievements in such a short time. 
I hope that you will consider supporting one of these programs and will allow 
us to submit a formal application. 
Thank you for your time and consideration. 
Sincerely, 
Hagar Zakai, Executive Director, Sunrise Israel 
Chairman of the Board 
Nlenachem Revivi 
Honorary Co-Chairman 
Baron Edouard de Rothschild 
Board Members 
Dr. Yosi Ben-Dov 
Meirav Catriel Shtarker 
Mike Fliderbaum 
Ori Klein 
Yuval Koren 
Iris Leibovitz 
Sarale Luxembourg 
Ada Ronen 
Judge Varda Samet 
Sara Sless Nochomovitz 
Amuta Members 
Yoel Cheshin 
Smadar Dromi 
Rotent Hadad 
Yaniv Horovitz 
Iris Keret 
Moddi Keret 
Nadin Knaan 
Tami Nlankowitz 
Adina Revivi 
Audit Committee 
Doron Maor 
Josh Nadel 
Medical Director 
Professor Chaim Kaplinsky 
Wolof fled ionic Ile moo. Oncology 
The Chaim Sheba Medical Center 
Td liaShonter, (trod 
Executive Director 
Hagar Yona 
Resource Development 
Lital Gruss 
Project Manager 
Limor Zamir 
\\ I t 
Sunrise 
Association 
mann wine 
nin-annf 
•••• 
Tulin en 
ligt iurr
m 
of 
Effectiveness 
03/2017 
Sunrise Israel (Charity Number: 560517167) 
P0 Box 9092, Even Yehuda 4050003 
Tel: .972.9.950-1544 Fax: .972-9-950.1881 
www.sunriseisraeLorzil 
(580517167 :'On -"y) 'new. Promo 
4050003 lip.° ;run. tax 9092 An 
09.950.1881 :opo 09.950-1544 :70 
,infoasunriseicrael.org Ij 
EFTA00590044

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590045.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
G Maxwell < 
Sent: 
Saturda , Jul 18, 2009 8:42 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
<no subject> 
How old was 
in 1998 when she claims she started working for you? 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00069 
EFTA00590045
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: 
G Maxwell < 
Sent: 
Frida March 11, 2011 7:16 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Fw: Daily Mail 
Original Message 
From: Ross gow < 
To: Gmax; 
Cc: Brian Basham 
>; Ross Gow 
>; Ian Ian Maxwell 
>; Kevin Maxwell < 
>; Gareth Thompson 
< 
>< 
Sent: Thu Mar 1016:29:24 2011 
Subject: Re: Daily Mail 
Maz is the most devious and cunning of the bunch. However, Editors can pay for people, stories and documents. They 
can even pay criminals if it is in the public interest. 
Maz can pay who he wants for info but the Yorkshire Ripper for instance, as a convicted criminal, can't sell his 
story...unless in public interest cos there was say, a bent detective. 
Below is from PCC Code for Editors. It is not well drafted. 
Witness payments in criminal trials 
i) No payment or offer of payment to a witness - or any person who may reasonably be expected to be called as a 
witness - should be made in any case once proceedings are active as defined by the Contempt of Court Act 1981. 
This prohibition lasts until the suspect has been freed unconditionally by police without charge or bail or the 
proceedings are otherwise discontinued; or has entered a guilty plea to the court; or, in the event of a not guilty plea, 
the court has announced its verdict. 
*ii) Where proceedings are not yet active but are likely and foreseeable, editors must not make or offer payment to any 
person who may reasonably be expected to be called as a witness, unless the information concerned ought 
demonstrably to be published in the public interest and there is an over-riding need to make or promise payment for 
this to be done; and all reasonable steps have been taken to ensure no financial dealings influence the evidence those 
witnesses give. In no circumstances should such payment be conditional on the outcome of a trial. 
*iii) Any payment or offer of payment made to a person later cited to give evidence in proceedings must be disclosed to 
the prosecution and defence. The witness must be advised of this requirement. 
*Payment to criminals 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00070 
EFTA00590046
--- PAGE 3 ---
i) Payment or offers of payment for stories, pictures or information, which seek to exploit a particular crime or to glorify 
or glamorise crime in general, must not be made directly or via agents to convicted or confessed criminals or to their 
associates —who may include family, friends and colleagues. 
ii) Editors invoking the public interest to justify payment or offers would need to demonstrate that there was good 
reason to believe the public interest would be served. If, despite payment, no public interest emerged, then the material 
should not be published. 
Ross Gow 
Managing Partner 
ACUITY Reputation Limited 
Berkeley Square 
London W1J 6HE 
Mobile 
Tel 
7788 
251 
acuityreputation.com 
Sent from my iPad 
On 10 Mar 2011, at 16:41, GMAX < 
> wrote: 
Actually school means university in the states. I think probably best not to get into the legality or not of sexual 
activity of young people and nor is it relevant to JE case as he was in his late 40's at the time of this story..the headline is 
deliberately wrong..school adults would have been accurate.. 
On 3/10/11 3:16 AM, "Brian Basham" < 
> wrote: 
We should think about a letter to the editor today. 'School' can mean university. Age of consent in Florida is 
complex — see below: 
If you are 16-yrs-old, a sexual relationship with someone 18-24is legal in Florida. The two persons involved 
must be between 16 and 24. 
Florida Statute 794.05 
(1) A person 24 years of age or older who engages in sexual activity with a person 16 or 17 years of age commits 
a felony of the second degree. 
So as soon as you turn 16 you are able to have sexual relations. And you can have sexual relations with a minor 
(under 18) until your 24th birthday. 
friend 
'Females for JE': Disturbing log of telephone calls from schoolchildren found in sex den of Duke's billionaire 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00071 
EFTA00590047
--- PAGE 4 ---
By Stephen Wright «http://www.dailymail.co.uk/home/search.html?s=y&authornamef=Stephen+Wright> 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/home/search.html?s=y&authornamef=Stephen+Wright> 
Last updated at 6:30 PM on 9th March 2011 
Details of the disturbing lifestyle led by Jeffrey Epstein emerged last night after the Daily Mail uncovered logs of 
telephone messages left at his Florida child sex den. 
Schoolchildren were among hundreds of callers who apparently rang to arrange massages for the 58-year-old 
billionaire friend of Prince Andrew, who was later convicted of child sex offences. 
Ghislaine Maxwell, 49-year-old daughter of the disgraced media mogul Robert Maxwell, is named in several 
messages. 
Disturbing: Messages were found in Florida home of Jeffrey Epstein, left. The billionaire, 58, is a friend of Prince 
Andrew, right 
In one left for her or'_', 
a caller says she 'doesn't know at what time she must come this night for the 
massage'. 
Other messages for Epstein, the sources of which are not clear, contain such phrases as: 'She has females for 
Mr JE' and 'I have a female for him'. 
Another with sickening overtones comes from someone called Jeanluc for Epstein: 'He just did a good one —18 
years. (She spoke to me and said, "I love Jeffrey")'. 
The long list of women is punctuated by regular references to Epstein's celebrity friends including the business 
magnate Donald Trump, film producer Harvey Weinstein and magician David Copperfield, referred to as 'Magic David'. 
The sheer volume of phone traffic shows the frequency of Epstein's massages, many of which were 'erotic' and 
allegedly involved the abused girls. 
The evidence is from documents confiscated by police during a criminal investigation into Epstein and seen 
yesterday by the Mail. 
<image.png> 
<image.png> 
Logs: Two of the answer phone messages. 
Maxwell is asked, right, when a girl should give a massage 
One message left for Epstein reads: 'She is wondering if 2.30 ok cuz she needs to stay in school.' 
It was left in February 2005 — the same year that the mother of a 14-year-old girl alerted police to Epstein's 
abuse. 
Another note shows that 'Colleen' phoned to tell Epstein: 'Going into class —will be out in 45 min.' 
Last night the Daily Mail tried to contact the people whose names and telephone numbers are included in the 
logs. 
One girl named Jenny, who had left her number, hung up immediately when asked about Epstein. 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00072 
EFTA00590048
--- PAGE 5 ---
A man listed only as Darren said: 1 have no comment to make on that.' 
Today, Prince Andrew was embroiled in further controversy as it was revealed Kazakhstan had asked for his 
help in recruiting investors to the country. 
The plea came after the former Soviet Republic's President's son-in-law had bought the Prince's former marital 
home for £3million above the asking price. 
Timur Kulibayev paid £15million for Sunninghill Park but it has remained empty and has been allowed to fall 
into disrepair. 
Last year the Prince told Hello! magazine: 'It was like any property deal between friends.' 
Yesterday he attempted to perform business as usual as he visited an East London school and met rail bosses in 
Canary Wharf. 
He steadfastly ignored questions from journalists asking whether he was an 'embarrassment to his country' and 
would resign from his trade ambassador role as he arrived for a briefing from business executives at the headquarters of 
the £15billion train project Crossrail. 
Prince Andrew managed to sell Sunninghill Park for £3million more than the asking price 
Read more: <http://www.dailymail.co.ukinews/article-1364171/Females-Jeffrey-Epstein-The-damning-
telephone-log.htmlitixzz1GBL6XKcl> http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1364171/Females-Jeffrey-Epstein-The-
damning-telephone-log.htmlffixzz1GBL6XKcl «http://www.dailymail.co.ukinews/article-1364171/Females-Jeffrey-
Epstein-The-damning-telephone-log.html> http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1364171/Females-Jeffrey-Epstein-
The-damning-telephone-log.html> 
From: Ross Gow [ <mailto: 
> mailto: 
Sent: 10 March 2011 7:48 AM 
To: Ross gow 
Cc: 
• Ian Maxwell; Kevin Maxwell; Brian Basham; Gareth Thompson; 
Subject: Daily Mail 
Mail have published phone logs 
<http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1364171/Females-Jeffrey-Epstein-The-damning-telephone-log.html> 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1364171/Females-Jeffrey-Epstein-The-damning-telephone-log.html < 
<http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1364171/Females-Jeffrey-Epstein-The-damning-telephone-log.html> 
http://www.dailymail.co.ukThews/article-1364171/Females-Jeffrey-Epstein-The-damning-telephone-log.html> 
Ross Gow 
Managing Partner 
ACUITY Reputation Limited 
Berkeley Square 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00073 
EFTA00590049
--- PAGE 6 ---
London W1J 6HE 
Mobile 
Tel 
7788 
251 
<http://acuityreputation.com> acuityreputation.com 
Sent from my iPad 
On 10 Mar 2011, at 07:35, Ross gow < 
mailto: 
> > wrote: 
«mailto 
"Epstein's Gulfstream flew in to RAF Marham with him and the Duke's friend Ghislaine Maxwell on board, 
before they enjoyed the Duke's hospitality at the Queen's Norfolk estate 20 miles away...." 
Ross Gow 
Managing Partner 
ACUITY Reputation Limited 
Berkeley Square 
London W1J 6HE 
Mobile 
251 
Tel 
7788 
acuityreputation.com «http://acuityreputation.com> http://acuityreputation.com> 
Sent from my iPad 
On 9 Mar 2011, at 22:52, Ross Gow cz
«mailto 
mailto: 
> > wrote: 
Dear Ghislaine 
Thank you for your good-humoured patience with us and the legal team today, during what is, understandably, 
a testing time. 
To confirm: 
1) I spoke to Dilenschneider in NYC at length tonight and shared strategy and role definition. 
2) we sent agreed statement to Dan Mangan ay NYPost - he's on deadline for a piece on Charlie Sheen/Rob 
Lowe and seems to have moved on - for the moment. 
3) we will release statement via Press Association and PR Newswire @11.00GMT tmrw and follow up with calls 
to those journalists who have written pieces. 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00074 
EFTA00590050
--- PAGE 7 ---
We will create call log/matrix and advise feedback and sentiment as appropriate tmrw. Please don't hesitate to 
call if you have any additional concerns. 
Best regards 
Ross 
Ross Gow 
Managing Partner 
ACUITY Reputation Limited 
Berkeley Square 
London W1J 6HE 
Mobile 
Tel 
7788 
251 
acuityreputation.com «http://acuityreputation.com> http://acuityreputation.com> 
Sent from my iPad 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00075 
EFTA00590051
--- PAGE 8 ---
From: 
GMAX < 
Sent: 
Monday, March 21, 2011 10:06 AM 
To: 
Jep' 
Subject: 
<no subject> 
--6_3383554032_6208970 
charset='ISO-8859-1" 
--6_3383554032_6208970 
charset="ISO-8859-1" 
--6_3383554032_6208970--
Content-type: multipart/alternative; 
boundary="6_3537634348_644846192" 
> This message is in MIME format. Since your mail reader does not 
> understand 
this format, some or all of this message may not be legible. 
--6_3537634348_644846192 
Content-type: text/plain; 
charset="UTF-8" 
Content-transfer-encoding: quoted-printable 
What I need to hang my hat on is the following =E2=80=93 I only need this one pie= ce and I will then go quietly into the 
sunset.. 
What year actually did u meet V =E2=80=93 I am sure her version of dates are wron= g it was just to be able to say she 
was 15 =E2=80=93 i=E2=80=99m going to guess summer = August/ Sept =E2=80=9899 or 2000 =E2=80=93 just that 
piece alone will allow me to say so= mething that will along w/all the other information will discredit her stor= ies..if it 
was =E2=80=9898 then it will have been after her b=E2=80=9Dday as there was n= o party for her..she threw that in to 
add =E2=80=98legitimacy=E2=80=99 to her fraudulent= claim..did she have a fake ID to work at Marlargo?? Can you 
work full time = at 15 =E2=80=93 she was working full time that much I do remember When did she stop working at M 
=E2=80=93 if we could get her employment record th= at would be good 
=E2=80=93 she told me she was a masseuse..assume now that that was a lie too to a= dd to her many.. 
What lies did she tell on her immigration form to australia =E2=80=93 is that get= table? Is that a public document?=20 
Can darren tell me anything on her dates? =20 
--6_3537634348_644846192 
Content-type: text/html; 
charset="UTF-8" 
Content-transfer-encoding: quoted-printable 
<html> 
<head> 
<meta http-equiv=3D"Content-Type" content=3D"text/html; charset=3Dutf-8"> </head> <body> <font face=3D"Calibri, 
Verdana, Helvetica, Arial"><span style=3D"font-size:12pt= ">What I need to hang my hat on is the following =E2=80=93 I 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00076 
EFTA00590052
--- PAGE 9 ---
only need this one pi= ece and I will then go quietly into the sunset..<br> What year actually did u meet V =E2=80=93 I 
am sure her version of dates are wron= g it was just to be able to say she was 15 =E2=80=93 i=E2=80=99m going to 
guess &nbsp;su= mmer August/ Sept =E2=80=9899 or 2000 =E2=80=93 just that piece alone will allow me to s= ay 
something that will along w/all the other information will discredit her stories..if it was =E2=80=9898 then it will have = 
been after her b=E2=80=9Dday as there was no party for her..she threw that in to a= dd =E2=80=98legitimacy=E2=80=99 
to her fraudulent claim..did she have a fake ID to work = at Marlargo?? Can you work full time at 
=E2=80=93 she was working full time that much I do remember<br> When did she stop working at M =E2=80=93 if 
we could get her employment record th= at would be good<br> 
=E2=80=93 she told me she was a masseuse..assume now that that was a lie too to a= dd to &nbsp;her many..<br> What 
lies did she tell on her immigration form to australia =E2=80=93 is that get= table? Is that a public document? 
<br> 
Can darren tell me anything on her dates? &nbsp;<br> </span></font> </body> </html> 
—8_3537634348_644846192--
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00077 
EFTA00590053
--- PAGE 10 ---
From: 
Jeffrey epstein boundary=Apple-Mail-4-669898702 < 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 08, 2011 8:08 AM 
To: 
'GMAX' 
Subject: 
Re: Vanity Fair 
--Apple-Mail-4-669898702 
charset=utf-8 
--Apple-Mail-4-669898702 
charset=utf-8 
--Apple-Mail-4-669898702--
Content-type: multipart/alternative; 
boundary="B_3537537149_1356210193" 
> This message is in MIME format. Since your mail reader does not 
> understand 
this format, some or all of this message may not be legible. 
--B_3537537149_13562 10193 
Content-type: text/plain; 
charset="UTF-8" 
Content-transfer-encoding: quoted-printable 
He wont ad details but you can try 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 8, 2011, at 3:52 PM, GMAX <
> wrote: 
On 6/8/11 9:49 AM, "J Jep" < 
> wrote: 
I would say a paid for story thar was nothing mote than a malicious fabrica= tion =E2=80=930O YOU MEAN INSTEAD OF 
ALL OF THIS JUST SAY THAT IT WAS A FABRICATIO= N..WHAT ABOUT SAYING THAT I MET HER WHEN SHE WAS 17 AND 
LIVING WITH HER FIA= NCE AND AVOID ALL THE OTHER STUFF 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 8, 2011, at 3:42 PM, GMAX <
> wrote: 
MY PROPOSED ANS IN CAPS..PLSE COMMENT 
Forwarded Message 
From: Ross Gow < 
<mailto: 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00078 
EFTA00590054
--- PAGE 11 ---
>> 
Date: Tue, 7 Jun 2011 13:49:02 -0400 
To: G G 
<mailto: 
Cc: Brian Basham 
<mailto:
> > 
Subject: Vanity Fair 
Dear Ghislaine 
Klein's questions follow, below. If we are to respond, I would advise we stick to written responses rather than engage via 
'phone. Klein has form for story-twisting re Hillary Clinton. Written responses at least give us an audit trail of what was 
said. 
A lot of this is Mail on Sunday rehash. Klein has our statement, but is offering the chance for further clarification...I get 
the feeling he's likely to make unflattering assumptions if we don't give him on the record answers. 
Please advise on those questions which you feel you more comfortable answering. We can head him off at the pass on 
those and put legal frighteners on him elsewhere. 
Just a caveat - we should be aware that there is a chance that anything other than fully robust answers might be 
construed as inadvertent admissions of wrongdoing, so we will need legal team to advise on precise wording. Do you 
want me to pass this on to Devonshires if you have not already done so...? 
best 
Ross 
Dear Ross, 
Here are some fact-checking questions for Ghislaine Maxwell to comment on and answer: 
1. Do Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell share a home in London or anywhere else? Do they still see each other? 
Does Epstein help support Ghislaine? Her friends tell me that Ghislaine once loved Epstein. Does she still love him? 
MS MAXWELL DOES NO SHARE ANY HOMES WITH MR EPSTEIN. MR EPSTEIN DOES NOT SUP= PORT MS MAXWELL IN 
ANYWAY. MS MAXWELL HAD INFACT BEEN IN COMMITTED RELATIONS= HIP WITH SOMEONE ELSE FOR THE PAST 7 
YEARS 
2. The Mail on Sunday published a photograph showing the Duke of York with his arm around 
. Standing 
off to one side in the photo was Ghislaine Maxwell. The newspaper said that this photo taken in Ghislaine's London 
home. Was it? Did Jeffrey Epstein take the photo? If not, who did? 
MS MAXWELL HAS NO RECOLECTION OF THE PHOTO BEING EVEN TAKEN GIVEN WE ARE TA= LKING AN EVENT THAT 
ALLEDGEDLY TOOK PLACE OVER 10 YEARS AGO IT WOULD BE SURP= 
RISING=20 
3. According to 
Ghislaine Maxwell recruited her as Epstein=E2=80=99s =E2=80=9Csex slave=E2=80=9D 
when she was 15 years old and arranged for her to see Andrew three times=E2=80=94at Jeffrey Epstein=E2=80=99s 
homes in London and New York and on his private Caribbean island, Little Saint James=E2=80=94where, 
said, 
she=E2=80=99d been =E2=80=9Csexually exploited by Epstein=E2=80=99s adult male peers, including 
royalty.=E2=80=9D Would Ghislaine please comment on this assertion by 
MS MAXWELL MET MS 
WHEN SHE WAS 17 AND WAS HIRED AS A MASSUSE. MS R= OBERTS WAS LIVING AT 
THE TIME WITH HER FIANCE. MS 
HAS A PRIOR SEXUAL= HASSARASSMENT SUIT AGAINST OTHER INDIVIDUALS 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00079 
EFTA00590055
--- PAGE 12 ---
THAT WAS THROWN OUT FOR LACK O= F HER CREDABILITY AND DRUG USE. MS 
FINALLY FLED THE US TO 
AVOID ARR= EST FOR THEFT. I THINK GIVEN THIS AND OTHER HIGHLY INDICATIVE EVENTS IN HER = LIFE IT IS IMPOSSIBLE 
TO BELIEVE ONE WORD OUT OF HER MOUTH. FURTHER THE INCE= NTIVE OF A LARGE AMOUNT OF MONEY PAID BY A 
NEWSPAPER NO DOUBT ADDED TO HER = COLOURFUL =E2=80=98MEMORIES=E2=80=99 WHICH IN FACT ARE NOTHING 
BUT MADE UP STORIES. 
4. The Mail on Sunday and other newspapers ran the story about Andrew=E2=80=99s rendezvous with 
in Ghislaine Maxwell=E2=80=99s London home. These reports said that Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell left the 
Duke of York and 
alone for several hours, and that the next morning Ghislaine Maxwell told 
that the Duke had a good time. Would Ghislaine please comment on this story. What did the Duke tell Ghislaine 
about his rendezvous with 
5. The Mail on Sunday said it had evidence to support 
story=E2=80=94flight logs from Jeffrey 
Epstein=E2=80=99s Boeing 727 and Gulfstream jet. Was Ghislaine Maxwell on these airplanes and who else was 
onboard? 
AGAIN TO REMEMBER ANY SPECIFIC FLIGHT AND WHO WAS ON BOARD A PLANE FOR EVEN= TS THAT ALEDEGEDLY 
TOOK PLACE OVER 10 YEARS AGO IS SIMPLY UNREALISITC 
6. According to a sworn deposition by Juan Alessi, a former employee at Jeffrey Epstein=E2=80=99s Palm Beach estate, 
Prince Andrew attended naked pool parties and was treated to massages by a harem of adolescent girls. 
MS MAXWELL CANNOT COMMENT ON WHAT MR ALESSI ALLEDEGDLY SAW OR DID NOT SEE B= UT MS MAXWELL NEVER 
SAW THE DUKE IN ANY STATE OF UNDRESS AND HE WAS INDEED A= LWAYS PROPERLY ATTIRED.=20 
That's it for now. 
I hope that you can arrange for me to speak directly to Ghislaine. 
All the best, 
Ed 
Edward Klein 
1085 Park Avenue 
5A 
New York, NY 10128 
Tel. 
Cell. 
<mailto 
>=20 
Ross Gow 
Managing Partner 
ACUITY Reputation 
Berkeley Square 
London W1J 6HE 
7788 
5251 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00080 
EFTA00590056
--- PAGE 13 ---
www.acuityreputation.com <http://www.acuityreputation.com> <http://www.acu= 
ityreputation.com>=20 
---- End of Forwarded Message 
--6_3537537149_1356210193 
Content-type: text/html; 
charset="UTF-8" 
Content-transfer-encoding: quoted-printable 
<html> 
<head> 
<meta http-equiv=3D"Content-Type" content=3D"text/html; charset=3Dutf-8"> </head> <body bgcolor=3D"#FFFFFF"> 
<div>He wont ad details but you can try<br> <br> Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone</div> <divxbr> On Jun 8, 
2011, at 3:52 PM, GMAX &It;<a href=3D"mailto: 
">gmax= 
</a>8Lgt; wrote:<br> 
<br> 
</div> 
<div></div> 
<blockquote type=3D"cite"> 
<divxfont face=3D"Calibri, Verdana, Helvetica, Aria l"><span style=3D"font-size= :11pt"><br> <br> <br> On 6/8/11 9:49 
AM, &quot;J lep&quot; &It;<a href=3D" 
1><1= 
axa href=3D"mailto: 
>
</a>&gt; 
a>wrote= 
:<br> 
<br> 
</span></font> 
<blockquote><font face=3D"Calibri, Verdana, Helvetica, Arial"><span style=3D"fo= nt-size:llpt">I would say a paid for 
story thar was nothing mote than a mali= cious fabrication =E2=80=93DO YOU MEAN INSTEAD OF ALL OF THIS JUST SAY 
THAT IT WAS= A FABRICATION..WHAT ABOUT SAYING THAT I MET HER WHEN SHE WAS 17 AND LIVING WITH HER 
FIANCE AND AVOID ALL TH= E OTHER STUFF<br> <br> Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone<br> <br> On Jun 8, 
2011, at 3:42 PM, GMAX &It;<a href=3
"></a>ca href= 
=3D"mailtoflicia>&gt; 
wrote:<br> <br> </span></font> <blockquote><font 
face=3D"Calibri, Verdana, Helvetica, Arial"><span style=3D"fo= nt-size:llpt">MY PROPOSED ANS IN CAPS..PLSE 
COMMENT<br> <br> 
--- Forwarded Message<br> 
<b>From: </b>Ross Gow &Itsa href=3D" 
1></a><a href=3D"= 
mailto: 
'>
</a> &It;<a href=3D= 
"mailto: 
"></a><a href=3D"mailto:ross@acuityreputation= 
.com">mailto 
/a>&gt; 
&gt;<br> 
<b>Date: </b>Tue, 7 Jun 2011 13:49:02 -0400<br> 
<b>To: </b>G G &Itsa href=3D' 
1></a>ca href=3D"mailto:gmaxl@ell= 
max.com">
</a> &It;<a href=3D"mailto 
1></axa h= 
ref=3D"mailtonmailto 
a>&gt; •Segtsbr> 
<b>Cc: </b>Brian Basham &Itsa href=3D' 
'></a><a href=3D"mai= 
Ito:mail@brianbasham.com"
</a> &It;<a href=3D"mailto:mail@= brianbasham.com"></a><a 
href=3D"mailto: 
">mailto:mail@brian= 
basham.com</a>&gt; &gt;<br> 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00081 
EFTA00590057
--- PAGE 14 ---
<b>Subject: </b>Vanity Fair<br> 
<br> 
Dear Ghislaine<br> 
<br> 
Klein's questions follow, below. If we are to respond, I would advise<br> we stick to written responses rather than 
engage via 'phone. Klein has<br> form for story-twisting re Hillary Clinton. Written responses at least<br> give us an 
audit trail of what was said.<br> <br> A lot of this is Mail on Sunday rehash. Klein has our statement, but<br> is offering 
the chance for further clarification...I get the feeling<br> he's likely to make unflattering assumptions if we don't give 
him on<br> the record answers.<br> <br> Please advise on those questions which you feel you more comfortable<br> 
answering. We can head him off at the pass on those and put legal<br> frighteners on him elsewhere.<br> <br> Just a 
caveat - we should be aware that there is a chance that<br> anything other than fully robust answers might be 
construed as<br> inadvertent admissions of wrongdoing, so we will need legal team to<br> advise on precise wording. 
Do you want me to pass this on to<br> Devonshires if you have not already done so...?<br> best<br> Ross<br> <br> Dear 
Ross,<br> <br> Here are some fact-checking questions for Ghislaine Maxwell to comment<br> on and answer:<br> <br> 
<br> 1. Do Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell share a home in London or<br> anywhere else? Do they still see each 
other? Does Epstein help support<br> Ghislaine? Her friends tell me that Ghislaine once loved Epstein. Does<br> she still 
love him?<br> <br> MS MAXWELL DOES NO SHARE ANY HOMES WITH MR EPSTEIN. MR EPSTEIN DOES NOT SUP= PORT 
MS MAXWELL IN ANYWAY. MS MAXWELL HAD INFACT BEEN IN COMMITTED RELATIONS= HIP WITH SOMEONE ELSE FOR 
THE PAST 7 YEARS<br> <br> 2. The Mail on Sunday published a photograph showing the Duke of York<br> with his arm 
around 
. &nbsp;Standing off to one side in the= <br> photo was Ghislaine Maxwell. The newspaper said 
that this photo taken<br> in Ghislaine's London home. Was it? &nbsp;Did Jeffrey Epstein take the<br> photo? If not, 
who did?<br> <br> MS MAXWELL HAS NO RECOLECTION OF THE PHOTO BEING EVEN TAKEN GIVEN WE ARE TA= LKING 
AN EVENT THAT ALLEDGEDLY TOOK PLACE OVER 10 YEARS AGO IT WOULD BE SURP= RISING <br> <br> 3. According to 
Ghislaine Maxwell recruited her as<br> Epstein=E2=80=99s =E2=80=9Csex slave=E2=80=9D when she 
was 15 years old and arranged for her<= 
br> 
to see Andrew three times=E2=80=94at Jeffrey Epstein=E2=80=99s homes in London and New<= 
br> 
York and on his private Caribbean island, Little Saint James=E2=80=94where,<br> 
said, she=E2=80=99d been 
=E2=80=9Csexually exploited by Epstein=E2=80=99s adult male= <br> peers, including royalty.=E2=80=9D Would 
Ghislaine please comment on this<br> assertion by 
.<br> <br> MS MAXWELL MET MS 
WHEN 
SHE WAS 17 AND WAS &nbsp;HIRED AS A MASSUSE.= MS 
WAS LIVING AT THE TIME WITH HER FIANCE. MS 
HAS A PRIOR S= EXUAL HASSARASSMENT SUIT AGAINST OTHER INDIVIDUALS THAT WAS THROWN OUT FOR L= 
ACK OF HER CREDABILITY AND DRUG USE. 
MS 
FINALLY FLED THE US TO AVOID ARREST FOR THEFT. I THINK GIVEN TH= IS AND OTHER HIGHLY INDICATIVE 
EVENTS IN HER LIFE IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO BELIEV= E ONE WORD OUT OF HER MOUTH. FURTHER THE INCENTIVE OF A 
LARGE AMOUNT OF MONE= Y PAID BY A NEWSPAPER NO DOUBT ADDED TO HER COLOURFUL 
=E2=80=98MEMORIES=E2=80=99 WHICH IN FACT ARE NOTHING BUT MADE U= P STORIES.<br> <br> 4. The Mail on 
Sunday and other newspapers ran the story about<br> Andrew=E2=80=99s rendezvous with 
in 
Ghislaine Maxwell=E2=80=99s<br> London home. These reports said that Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine<br> Maxwell left 
the Duke of York and 
alone for several<br> hours, and that the next morning Ghislaine Maxwell told 
cbr> 
that the Duke had a good time. Would Ghislaine please comment<br> on this story. What did the 
Duke tell Ghislaine about his rendezvous<br> with 
?<br> <br> <br> 5. The Mail on Sunday said it had 
evidence to support 
cbr> 
&nbsp;story=E2=80=94flight logs from Jeffrey Epstein=E2=80=99s Boeing 727 
and= <br> Gulfstream jet. Was Ghislaine Maxwell on these airplanes and who else<br> was onboard?<br> <br> AGAIN 
TO REMEMBER ANY SPECIFIC FLIGHT AND WHO WAS ON BOARD A PLANE FOR EVEN= TS THAT ALEDEGEDLY TOOK 
PLACE OVER 10 YEARS AGO IS SIMPLY UNREALISITC<br> <br> 6. According to a sworn deposition by Juan Alessi, a former 
employee<br> at Jeffrey Epstein=E2=80=99s Palm Beach estate, Prince Andrew attended naked<br> pool parties and 
was treated to massages by a harem of adolescent<br> girls.<br> <br> MS MAXWELL CANNOT COMMENT ON WHAT MR 
ALESSI ALLEDEGDLY SAW OR DID NOT SEE B= UT MS MAXWELL NEVER SAW THE DUKE IN ANY STATE OF UNDRESS AND 
HE WAS INDEED A= LWAYS PROPERLY ATTIRED. 
<br> 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00082 
EFTA00590058
--- PAGE 15 ---
<br> 
That's it for now.<br> 
<br> 
I hope that you can arrange for me to speak directly to Ghislaine.<br> <br> All the best,<br> <br> Ed<br> <br> Edward 
Klein<br> 
1085 Park Avenue<br> 
5A<br> 
New York, NY 10128<br> 
Tel. 
cbr> 
Cell. 
cbr> 
<a href=3D' 
"></a><a href=3D"mailto 
'>ed@edw= 
ardklein.com</a> &Itsa href=3D"mailto 
'></a><a href=3D"ma 'Ito= 
">mailto: 
a>&gt; 
<br> 
<br> 
<br> 
<br> 
--<br> 
Ross Gow<br> 
Managing Partner<br> 
ACUITY Reputation<br> 
Berkeley Square<br> 
London W1J 6HE<br> 
&#43;44 (0) 
<br> 
&#43;44 (0) 
<br> 
<a href=3D"http://www.acuityreputation.com">www.acuityreputation.com</a> &It= <a 
href=30"http://www.acuityreputation.com"></a>ca href=3D"http://www.acuityrepu= 
tation.com">http://www.acuityreputation.com</a>&gt; &nbsp;&Itsa href=3D"http:= 
//www.acuityreputation.com"></a><a href=3D"http://www.acuityreputation.com">ht= 
tp://www.acuityreputation.com</a>&gt; 
<br> 
<br> 
<br> 
---- End of Forwarded Message<br> 
</span></font></blockquote> 
<font face=3D"Calibri, Verdana, Helvetica, Arial"><span style=3D"font-size:llpt= "><br> </span></font></blockquote> 
</div> </blockquote> </body> </html> 
--B_3537537149_1356210193-
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00083 
EFTA00590059
--- PAGE 16 ---
From: 
G Maxwell < 
Sent: 
Wednesda June 08, 2011 9:09 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: Vanity Fair 
Do you have a problem with anything I said. 
Original Message 
From: jeffrey epstein 
To: Gmax 
Sent: Wed Jun 0810:08:11 2011 
Subject: Re: Vanity Fair 
He wont ad details but you can try 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 8, 2011, at 3:52 PM, GMAX <
> wrote: 
On 6/8/11 9:49 AM, "1 Jep" 
wrote: 
I would say a paid for story thar was nothing mote than a malicious fabrication -DO YOU MEAN INSTEAD OF ALL 
OF THIS JUST SAY THAT IT WAS A FABRICATION..WHAT ABOUT SAYING THAT I MET HER WHEN SHE WAS 17 AND LIVING 
WITH HER FIANCE AND AVOID ALL THE OTHER STUFF 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 8, 2011, at 3:42 PM, GMAX <
 wrote: 
MY PROPOSED ANS IN CAPS..PLSE COMMENT 
mailto: 
mailto: 
Forwarded Message 
From: Ross Gow < 
«mailto 
Date: Tue, 7 Jun 2011 13:49:02 -0400 
To: G G < 
«ma 
mailto 
Cc: Brian Basham < 
«mailto: 
> > 
Subject: Vanity Fair 
> > 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00084 
EFTA00590060
--- PAGE 17 ---
Dear Ghislaine 
Klein's questions follow, below. If we are to respond, I would advise 
we stick to written responses rather than engage via 'phone. Klein has 
form for story-twisting re Hillary Clinton. Written responses at least 
give us an audit trail of what was said. 
A lot of this is Mail on Sunday rehash. Klein has our statement, but 
is offering the chance for further clarification...I get the feeling 
he's likely to make unflattering assumptions if we don't give him on 
the record answers. 
Please advise on those questions which you feel you more comfortable 
answering. We can head him off at the pass on those and put legal 
frighteners on him elsewhere. 
Just a caveat - we should be aware that there is a chance that 
anything other than fully robust answers might be construed as 
inadvertent admissions of wrongdoing, so we will need legal team to 
advise on precise wording. Do you want me to pass this on to 
Devonshires if you have not already done so...? 
best 
Ross 
Dear Ross, 
Here are some fact-checking questions for Ghislaine Maxwell to comment 
on and answer: 
1. Do Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell share a home in London or 
anywhere else? Do they still see each other? Does Epstein help support 
Ghislaine? Her friends tell me that Ghislaine once loved Epstein. Does 
she still love him? 
MS MAXWELL DOES NO SHARE ANY HOMES WITH MR EPSTEIN. MR EPSTEIN DOES NOT SUPPORT MS 
MAXWELL IN ANYWAY. MS MAXWELL HAD INFACT BEEN IN COMMITTED RELATIONSHIP WITH SOMEONE ELSE FOR THE 
PAST 7 YEARS 
2. The Mail on Sunday published a photograph showing the Duke of York 
with his arm around 
. Standing off to one side in the 
photo was Ghislaine Maxwell. The newspaper said that this photo taken 
in Ghislaine's London home. Was it? Did Jeffrey Epstein take the 
photo? If not, who did? 
MS MAXWELL HAS NO RECOLECTION OF THE PHOTO BEING EVEN TAKEN GIVEN WE ARE TALKING AN 
EVENT THAT ALLEDGEDLY TOOK PLACE OVER 10 YEARS AGO IT WOULD BE SURPRISING 
3. According to 
Ghislaine Maxwell recruited her as 
Epstein's "sex slave" when she was 15 years old and arranged for her 
to see Andrew three times—at Jeffrey Epstein's homes in London and New 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00085 
EFTA00590061
--- PAGE 18 ---
York and on his private Caribbean island, Little Saint James—where, 
said, she'd been "sexually exploited by Epstein's adult male 
peers, including royalty." Would Ghislaine please comment on this 
assertion by 
MS MAXWELL MET MS 
WHEN SHE WAS 17 AND WAS HIRED AS A MASSUSE. MS 
WAS 
LIVING AT THE TIME WITH HER FIANCE. MS 
HAS A PRIOR SEXUAL HASSARASSMENT SUIT AGAINST OTHER 
INDIVIDUALS THAT WAS THROWN OUT FOR LACK OF HER CREDABILITY AND DRUG USE. MS 
FINALLY FLED THE 
US TO AVOID ARREST FOR THEFT. I THINK GIVEN THIS AND OTHER HIGHLY INDICATIVE EVENTS IN HER LIFE IT IS 
IMPOSSIBLE TO BELIEVE ONE WORD OUT OF HER MOUTH. FURTHER THE INCENTIVE OF A LARGE AMOUNT OF MONEY 
PAID BY A NEWSPAPER NO DOUBT ADDED TO HER COLOURFUL 'MEMORIES' WHICH IN FACT ARE NOTHING BUT MADE 
UP STORIES. 
4. The Mail on Sunday and other newspapers ran the story about 
Andrew's rendezvous with 
in Ghislaine Maxwell's 
London home. These reports said that Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine 
Maxwell left the Duke of York and 
alone for several 
hours, and that the next morning Ghislaine Maxwell told 
that the Duke had a good time. Would Ghislaine please comment 
on this story. What did the Duke tell Ghislaine about his rendezvous 
with 
5. The Mail on Sunday said it had evidence to support 
story—flight logs from Jeffrey Epstein's Boeing 727 and 
Gulfstream jet. Was Ghislaine Maxwell on these airplanes and who else 
was onboard? 
AGAIN TO REMEMBER ANY SPECIFIC FLIGHT AND WHO WAS ON BOARD A PLANE FOR EVENTS THAT 
ALEDEGEDLY TOOK PLACE OVER 10 YEARS AGO IS SIMPLY UNREALISITC 
6. According to a sworn deposition by Juan Alessi, a former employee 
at Jeffrey Epstein's Palm Beach estate, Prince Andrew attended naked 
pool parties and was treated to massages by a harem of adolescent 
girls. 
MS MAXWELL CANNOT COMMENT ON WHAT MR ALESSI ALLEDEGDLY SAW OR DID NOT SEE BUT MS 
MAXWELL NEVER SAW THE DUKE IN ANY STATE OF UNDRESS AND HE WAS INDEED ALWAYS PROPERLY ATTIRED. 
That's it for now. 
I hope that you can arrange for me to speak directly to Ghislaine. 
All the best, 
Ed 
Edward Klein 
1085 Park Avenue 
5A 
New York, NY 10128 
Tel. 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00086 
EFTA00590062
--- PAGE 19 ---
Cell. 
«mailto: 
> mailto: 
> 
Ross Gow 
Managing Partner 
ACUITY Reputation 
Berkeley Square 
London W11 6HE 
7788 
5251 
www.acuityreputation.com «http://www.acuityreputation.com> http://www.acuityreputation.com> < 
<http://www.acuityreputation.com> http://www.acuityreputation.com> 
End of Forwarded Message 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00087 
EFTA00590063
--- PAGE 20 ---
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 08, 2011 10:38 AM 
To: 
'Gmax' 
Subject: 
Re: Vanity Fair 
--bcaec5186af405152304a535f62c 
--bcaec5186af405152304a535f62c 
--bcaec5186af405152304a535f62c--
Content-type: multipart/alternative; 
boundary=13_3537537144_1463473083" 
> This message is in MIME format. Since your mail reader does not 
> understand 
this format, some or all of this message may not be legible. 
--6_3537537144_1463473083 
Content-type: text/plain; 
charset="UTF-8" 
Content-transfer-encoding: quoted-printable 
no its ok „ but he will take out of context 
On Wed, Jun 8, 2011 at 4:09 PM, Gmax <
> wrote: 
Do you have a problem with anything I said. 
Original Message 
From: jeffrey epstein 
To: Gmax 
Sent: Wed Jun 0810:08:11 2011 
Subject: Re: Vanity Fair 
He wont ad details but you can try 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 8, 2011, at 3:52 PM, GMAX <
> wrote: 
=20 
=20 
=20 
On 6/8/11 9:49 AM, "1 Jep" ‹
> wrote: 
=20 
=20 
> 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00088 
EFTA00590064
--- PAGE 21 ---
I would say a paid for story thar was nothing mote than a m= alicious fabrication =E2=80=930O YOU MEAN 
INSTEAD OF ALL OF THIS JUST SAY THAT IT = WAS A FABRICATION..WHAT ABOUT SAYING THAT I MET HER WHEN SHE 
WAS 17 AND LIVI= NG WITH HER FIANCE AND AVOID ALL THE OTHER STUFF 
=20 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
=20 
On Jun 8, 2011, at 3:42 PM, GMAX <
 wrote: 
=20 
=20 
MY PROPOSED ANS IN CAPS..PLSE COMMENT 
=20 
mailto: 
m> mailto: 
mailto: 
Forwarded Message 
From: Ross Gow < 
«ma ilto= 
Date: Tue, 7 Jun 2011 13:49:02 -0400 
To: G G < 
«mailto: 
Cc: Brian Basham < 
> > 
Subject: Vanity Fair 
=20 
Dear Ghislaine 
=20 
Klein's questions follow, below. If we are to respo= nd, I would advise 
we stick to written responses rather than engage vi= a 'phone. Klein has 
form for story-twisting re Hillary Clinton. Written= responses at least 
give us an audit trail of what was said. 
=20 
A lot of this is Mail on Sunday rehash. Klein has o= ur statement, but 
is offering the chance for further clarification...= I get the feeling 
he's likely to make unflattering assumptions if we = don't give him on 
the record answers. 
=20 
Please advise on those questions which you feel you= more comfortable 
answering. We can head him off at the pass on those= and put legal 
frighteners on him elsewhere. 
=20 
Just a caveat - we should be aware that there is a = chance that 
anything other than fully robust answers might be c= onstrued as 
inadvertent admissions of wrongdoing, so we will ne= ed legal team to 
advise on precise wording. Do you want me to pass t= his on to 
Devonshires if you have not already done so...? 
best 
Ross 
=20 
Dear Ross, 
=20 
Here are some fact-checking questions for Ghislaine= Maxwell to comment 
on and answer: 
=20 
«mailto:ma= 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00089 
EFTA00590065
--- PAGE 22 ---
=20 
1. Do Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell share a= home in London or 
anywhere else? Do they still see each other? Does E= pstein help support 
Ghislaine? Her friends tell me that Ghislaine once = loved Epstein. Does 
she still love him? 
=20 
MS MAXWELL DOES NO SHARE ANY HOMES WITH MR EPSTEIN.= MR EPSTEIN DOES NOT SUPPORT MS 
MAXWELL IN ANYWAY. MS MAXWELL HAD INFACT BEE= N IN COMMITTED RELATIONSHIP WITH SOMEONE ELSE FOR 
THE PAST 7 YEARS 
=20 
2. The Mail on Sunday published a photograph showin= g the Duke of York 
with his arm around 
. Standing off= to one side in the 
photo was Ghislaine Maxwell. The newspaper said tha= t this photo taken 
in Ghislaine's London home. Was it? Did Jeffrey Ep= stein take the 
photo? If not, who did? 
=20 
MS MAXWELL HAS NO RECOLECTION OF THE PHOTO BEING EV= EN TAKEN GIVEN WE ARE TALKING AN 
EVENT THAT ALLEDGEDLY TOOK PLACE OVER 10 YE= ARS AGO IT WOULD BE SURPRISING 
=20 
3. According to 
Ghislaine Maxwell= recruited her as 
Epstein=E2=80=99s =E2=80=9Csex slave=E2=80=9D when she was 15 years o= Id and arranged for her 
to see Andrew three times=E2=80=94at Jeffrey Epstein=E2=80=99s = homes in London and New 
York and on his private Caribbean island, Little Sa= int James=E2=80=94where, 
said, she=E2=80=99d been =E2=80=9Csexually exploited b= y Epstein=E2=80=99s adult male 
peers, including royalty.=E2=80=9D Would Ghislaine please= comment on this 
assertion by 
=20 
MS MAXWELL MET MS 
WHEN SHE WAS 17 AND WAS = HIRED AS A MASSUSE. MS 
WAS 
LIVING AT THE TIME WITH HER FIANCE. MS RO= BERTS HAS A PRIOR SEXUAL HASSARASSMENT SUIT AGAINST OTHER 
INDIVIDUALS THAT W= AS THROWN OUT FOR LACK OF HER CREDABILITY AND DRUG USE. MS 
FINALLY = FLED 
THE US TO AVOID ARREST FOR THEFT. I THINK GIVEN THIS AND OTHER HIGHLY 1= NDICATIVE EVENTS IN HER LIFE IT IS 
IMPOSSIBLE TO BELIEVE ONE WORD OUT OF HER= MOUTH. FURTHER THE INCENTIVE OF A LARGE AMOUNT OF MONEY 
PAID BY A NEWSPAPE= R NO DOUBT ADDED TO HER COLOURFUL =E2=80=98MEMORIES=E2=80=99 WHICH IN FACT ARE 
NOTHING B= UT MADE UP STORIES. 
=20 
4. The Mail on Sunday and other newspapers ran the = story about 
Andrew=E2=80=99s rendezvous with 
in Ghis= laine Maxwell=E2=80=99s 
London home. These reports said that Jeffrey Epstei= n and Ghislaine 
Maxwell left the Duke of York and --= 
alone for several 
hours, and that the next morning Ghislaine Maxwell = told 
that the Duke had a good time. Would Ghisla= ine please comment 
on this story. What did the Duke tell Ghislaine abo= ut his rendezvous 
with 
=20 
=20 
5. The Mail on Sunday said it had evidence to suppo= rt 
story=E2=80=94flight logs from Jeffrey Epstein= =E2=80=99s Boeing 727 and 
Gulfstream jet. Was Ghislaine Maxwell on these airp= lanes and who else 
was onboard? 
=20 
AGAIN TO REMEMBER ANY SPECIFIC FLIGHT AND WHO WAS O= N BOARD A PLANE FOR EVENTS THAT 
ALEDEGEDLY TOOK PLACE OVER 10 YEARS AGO IS S= IMPLY UNREALISITC 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00090 
EFTA00590066
--- PAGE 23 ---
=20 
6. According to a sworn deposition by Juan Alessi, = a former employee 
at Jeffrey Epstein=E2=80=99s Palm Beach estate, Prince An= drew attended naked 
pool parties and was treated to massages by a harem= of adolescent 
girls. 
=20 
MS MAXWELL CANNOT COMMENT ON WHAT MR ALESSI ALLEDEG= DLY SAW OR DID NOT SEE BUT MS 
MAXWELL NEVER SAW THE DUKE IN ANY STATE OF UND= RESS AND HE WAS INDEED ALWAYS PROPERLY ATTIRED. 
=20 
That's it for now. 
=20 
I hope that you can arrange for me to speak directl= y to Ghislaine. 
=20 
All the best, 
=20 
Ed 
=20 
Edward Klein 
1085 Park Avenue 
5A 
New York, NY 10128 
Tel. 
Cell. 
«mailto: 
> ma= ilto:ed@edwardklein.com> 
=20 
=20 
=20 
Ross Gow 
Managing Partner 
ACUITY Reputation 
Berkeley Square 
London W1.1 6HE 
7788 
5251 
www.acuityreputation.com «http://www.acuityreputa= tion.com> http://www.acuityreputation.com> < 
<http://www.acuityreputation.c= 
om> http://www.acuityreputation.com> 
=20 
=20 
End of Forwarded Message 
=20 
=20 
=20 
--=20 
*********************************************************** 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00091 
EFTA00590067
--- PAGE 24 ---
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein=20 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
--B_3537537144_1463473083 
Content-type: text/html; 
charset="UTF-8" 
Content-transfer-encoding: quoted-printable 
<html> 
<head> 
<meta http-equiv=3D"Content-Type" content=3D"text/html; charset=3Dutf-8"> </head> <body> no its ok „ but he will 
take out of context<br> <br> <div class=3D"gmail_quote">On Wed, Jun 8, 2011 at 4:09 PM, Gmax <span dir=3D"It= 
r">&lt;<a href=3D"mailto:ac/a>&gt;</span> 
wro= te:<br> <blockquote 
class=3D"gmail_quote" style=3D"margin:0 0 .8ex;border-left:lpx #c= cc solid;padding-left:lex;"> <div> <p><font 
size=3D"2">Do you have a problem with anything I said.<br> <br> 
--- Original Message ---<br> 
From: Jeffrey epstein &Itsa href=3D"mailto: 
target=3D"_b= 
lank"
</a>&gt;<br> 
To: Gmax<br> 
Sent: Wed Jun 08 10:08:11 2011<br> 
Subject: Re: Vanity Fair<br> 
<br> 
He wont ad details but you can try<br> 
<br> 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone<br> <br> On Jun 8, 2011, at 3:52 PM, GMAX &Itsa 
href=3D"mailto: 
" targ= et=3Dtblank">
</a>&gt; wrote:<br> <br> <br> <br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; On 6/8/11 9:49 AM, &quot;J Jep&q= uot; &It;<a 
href=3D"mailto:
" target=3D"_blank">jeevacation@= gmail.com</a>&gt; wrote:<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbspsbr> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; I would say a 
paid for story thar was nothing mote than a malicio= us fabrication =E2=80=93D0 YOU MEAN INSTEAD OF ALL OF THIS 
JUST SAY THAT IT WAS A = FABRICATION..WHAT ABOUT SAYING THAT I MET HER WHEN SHE WAS 17 AND LIVING WIT= 
H HER FIANCE AND AVOID ALL THE OTHER STUFF<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp;<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; On Jun 8, 2011, 
at 3:42 PM, GMAX &Itsa href=3D"mailto:gmaxl@ellmax= .com" target=3D"_blank"
</a>&gt; 
wrote:<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp;<br> <br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00092 
EFTA00590068
--- PAGE 25 ---
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; MY PROPOSED ANS IN CAP= S..PLSE COMMENT<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; — 
Forwarded Messa= ge<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; From: Ross Gow &ltsa = 
href=3D"mailto: 
target=3Dtblank">ross@acuityreputatio= 
n.com</a> &It; &Itsa href=3D"mailto: 
" target=3Dtblank= 
">mailto: 
a>&gt; 
<a href=3D"mailto 
target=3Dtblank">mailto:ross@acui= 
tyreputation.com</a>&gt; &gt;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Date: Tue, 7 Jun 2011 = 
13:49:02 -0400<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; To: G G &It;<a href=3D"m= ailto:gmaxl@ellmax.com" 
target=3Dtblank")a/a> 
&It; &It;<a hre= f=3D"mailto 
target=3Dtblank">mailto
</a>&gt; 
<a href=3D"mailto
" target=3Dtblank">mailto
4= 
a>&gt; &gtsbr> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cc: Brian Basham &Its= a href=3D"mailto 
target=3D"_blank">
/a= 
> &It; &Itsa href=3D"mailto: 
> target=3D"_blank">mailto:mail= 
@brianbasham.com</aAgt; 
<a href=3D"mailto 
" target=3D"_blank">mailto:mail@brianbash= 
am.com</a>&gt; &gtsbr> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Subject: Vanity Fair<b= 
r> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbspsbr> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Dear Ghislaine<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Klein's questions foil= ow, below. If we are to respond, I would 
advise<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; we stick to written re= sponses rather than engage via 'phone. Klein 
has<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; form for story-twistin= g re Hillary Clinton. Written responses at 
least<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; give us an audit trail= of what was said.<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A lot of this is Mail = on Sunday rehash. Klein has our statement, 
but<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; is offering the chance= for further clarification...I get the feeling<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00093 
EFTA00590069
--- PAGE 26 ---
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; he's likely to make un= flattering assumptions if we don't give him 
on<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; the record answers.<br= 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Please advise on those= questions which you feel you more 
comfortable<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; answering. We can head= him off at the pass on those and put 
legal<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; frighteners on him els= ewhere.<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Just a caveat - we sho= uld be aware that there is a chance that<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; anything other than fu= Ily robust answers might be construed as<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; inadvertent admissions= of wrongdoing, so we will need legal team 
to<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; advise on precise word= ing. Do you want me to pass this on to<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Devonshires if you hav= e not already done so...?<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; best<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Ross<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Dear Ross,<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Here are some fact-che= cking questions for Ghislaine Maxwell to 
comment<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; on and answer:<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Do Jeffrey Epstein = and Ghislaine Maxwell share a home in London 
or<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; anywhere else? Do they= still see each other? Does Epstein help 
support<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Ghislaine? Her friends= tell me that Ghislaine once loved Epstein. 
Does<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; she still love him?<br= 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbspsbr> 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00094 
EFTA00590070
--- PAGE 27 ---
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; MS MAXWELL DOES NO SHA= RE ANY HOMES WITH MR EPSTEIN. MR 
EPSTEIN DOES NOT SUPPORT MS MAXWELL IN ANYW= AY. MS MAXWELL HAD INFACT BEEN IN COMMITTED 
RELATIONSHIP WITH SOMEONE ELSE F= OR THE PAST 7 YEARS<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 2. The Mail on Sunday = published a photograph showing the Duke of 
York<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; with his arm around Vi= rginia 
Standing off to one 
side in the<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; photo was Ghislaine Ma= xwell. The newspaper said that this photo 
taken<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; in Ghislaine's London = home. Was it?&nbsp; Did Jeffrey Epstein take 
the<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; photo? If not, who did= ?<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbspsbr> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; MS MAXWELL HAS NO RECO= LECTION OF THE PHOTO BEING EVEN 
TAKEN GIVEN WE ARE TALKING AN EVENT THAT ALL= EDGEDLY TOOK PLACE OVER 10 YEARS AGO IT WOULD BE 
SURPRISING<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 3. According to Virgin= is 
Ghislaine Maxwell recruited her 
as<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Epstein=E2=80=99s =E2=80=9Csex sla= ve=E2=80=9D when she was 
years old and arranged for her<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; to see Andrew 
three ti= mes=E2=80=94at Jeffrey Epstein=E2=80=99s homes in London and New<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; York and on his privat= e Caribbean island, Little Saint 
James=E2=80=94where,<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= 
bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
said, she=E2=80=99d= been =E2=80=9Csexually 
exploited by Epstein=E2=80=99s adult male<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; peers, including 
royal= ty.=E2=80=9D Would Ghislaine please comment on this<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; assertion by 
.<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= 
bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbspsbr> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; MS MAXWELL MET MS ROBE= RTS WHEN SHE WAS 17 AND 
WAS&nbsp; HIRED AS A MASSUSE. MS 
WAS LIVING = AT THE TIME WITH HER FIANCE. MS 
HAS A 
PRIOR SEXUAL HASSARASSMENT SUI= T AGAINST OTHER INDIVIDUALS THAT WAS THROWN OUT FOR LACK OF HER 
CREDABILITY AND DRUG USE. MS 
FINALLY FLED THE US TO AVOID ARREST F= OR THEFT. I THINK GIVEN THIS 
AND OTHER HIGHLY INDICATIVE EVENTS IN HER LIFE = IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO BELIEVE ONE WORD OUT OF HER MOUTH. 
FURTHER THE INCENTIVE= OF A LARGE AMOUNT OF MONEY PAID BY A NEWSPAPER NO DOUBT ADDED TO HER 
COLOURFUL =E2=80=98MEMORIES=E2=80=99 WHICH IN FAC= T ARE NOTHING BUT MADE UP STORIES.<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbspsbr> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 4. The Mail on Sunday = and other newspapers ran the story 
about<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00095 
EFTA00590071
--- PAGE 28 ---
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Andrew=E2=80=99s rendezvous = with 
in Ghislaine 
Maxwell=E2=80=99s<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= 
bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; London home. These rep= oils said that Jeffrey Epstein 
and Ghislaine<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= 
bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Maxwell left the Duke = of York and 
alone for several<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= 
bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; hours, and that the ne= xt morning Ghislaine Maxwell 
told cbr> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
that the Duke = had a good time. Would Ghislaine please 
comment<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; on this story. What di= d the Duke tell Ghislaine about his 
rendezvous<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; with 
n= 
<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbspsbr> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 5. The Mail on Sunday = said it had evidence to support 
cbr> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
story=E2= =80=94flight logs from Jeffrey 
Epstein=E2=80=99s Boeing 727 and<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Gulfstream jet. 
Was Gh= islaine Maxwell on these airplanes and who else<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; was 
onboard?<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbspsbr> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; AGAIN TO REMEMBER ANY = SPECIFIC FLIGHT AND WHO WAS ON 
BOARD A PLANE FOR EVENTS THAT ALEDEGEDLY TOOK= PLACE OVER 10 YEARS AGO IS SIMPLY UNREALISITC<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbspsbr> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 6. According to a swor= n deposition by Juan Alessi, a former 
employee<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; at Jeffrey Epstein=E2=80=99s= Palm Beach estate, Prince Andrew 
attended naked<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= 
bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; pool parties and was t= reated to massages by a harem of 
adolescent<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; girls.<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; MS MAXWELL CANNOT COMM= ENT ON WHAT MR ALESSI 
ALLEDEGDLY SAW OR DID NOT SEE BUT MS MAXWELL NEVER SAW= THE DUKE IN ANY STATE OF UNDRESS AND HE WAS 
INDEED ALWAYS PROPERLY ATTIRED.= <br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbspsbr> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; That's it for now.<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbspsbr> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I hope that you can ar= range for me to speak directly to 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00096 
EFTA00590072
--- PAGE 29 ---
Ghislaine.<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbspsbr> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; All the best,<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Ed<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Edward Klein<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1085 Park 
Avenue<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; SA<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; New York, NY 
10128<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Tel. <a href=3D"tel:212.= 831.5110" value=3D"&#43;12128315110" 
target=3Dtblank"> 
c/a><br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cell. <a 
href=3D"tel:646= .709.7293" value=3D"&#43;16467097293" target=3D"_blank"> 
</a><br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <a href=3D"mailto:ed@edw= ardklein.com" 
target=3Dtblank")
</a> &It; &Itsa href=3D"mailt= o:ed@edwardklein.com" 
target=3Dtblank">mailton>&gt; 
<a href=3D"mailto
" target=3Dtblank">mailto:ed@edwardklein.c= 
om</a>&gt;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; —<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Ross Gow<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Managing Partner<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ACUITY Reputation<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 23 Berkeley Square<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; London WIJ 6HE<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <a href=3D"tel:%2B44%20%= 280%29%20203%20008%207788" 
value=3D"&#43;442030087788" target=3Dtblank"> 
&#43;44 (0) 
c/a><br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <a href=3D"tel:%2B44%20%= 280%29%20777%20875%205251" 
value=3D"&#43;447778755251" target=3D"_blank"> 
&#43;44 (0) 
c/a><br> 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00097 
EFTA00590073
--- PAGE 30 ---
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <a href=3D"http://www.ac= uityreputation.com" target=3D"_blank"> 
www.acuityreputation.com</a> &It; &It;<a href=3D"http://w.vw.acuityreputation.= 
corn" target=3D"_blank">http://www.acuityreputation.com</a>&gt; 
<a href=3D"http://www.acuityreputation.com" target=3D"_blank">http://www.acuity= 
reputation.com</a>&gt&nbsp; &It; &It;<a href=3D"http://www.acuityreputation.c= 
om" target=3D"_blank">http://www.acuityreputation.com</a>&gt; 
<a href=3D"http://www.acuityreputation.com" target=3D"_blank">http://www.acuity= 
reputation.com</a>&gtsbr> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; — 
End of Forwarde= d Message<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br> 
<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbspsbr> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&n= bsp;&nbsp;<br> <br> 
.c/font></p> </div> </blockquote> </div> <br> <br clear=3D"all"> <br> 
<br> 
br> 
The information contained in this communication is<br> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may<br> 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for<br> the use of the addressee. It is the property of<br> Jeffrey 
Epstein <br> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this<br> communication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibited<br> and may be unlawful. If you have received this<br> communication in error, please notify us immediately 
by<br> return e-mail or by e-mail to <a href=3D"mailto:
" target= =3O"_blank"> 
/a>, and<br> destroy this communication and all copies thereof,<br> including all attachments. 
copyright -all rights reserved<br> <br> </body> </html> 
--B_3537537144_1463473083-
I I 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00098 
EFTA00590074
--- PAGE 31 ---
From: 
Jeffrey epstein boundary=Apple-Mail-5-769422850 < 
Sent: 
Thursday, June 09, 2011 11:47 AM 
To: 
'GMAX' 
Subject: 
Re: Vanity Fair - I have something else to add I just want to make sure you thinks its ok 
and then it will go - the add and change are in red plse advise 
--Apple-Mail-5-769422850 
charset=utf-8 
--Apple-Mail-5-769422850 
charset=utf-8 
--Apple-Mail-5-769422850--
Content-type: multipart/alternative; 
boundary=13_3537537138_895454687" 
> This message is in MIME format. Since your mail reader does not 
> understand 
this format, some or all of this message may not be legible. 
--B_3537537138_895454687 
Content-type: text/plain; 
charset="UTF-8" 
Content-transfer-encoding: quoted-printable 
0k 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 9, 2011, at 1:21 PM, GMAX <
> wrote: 
Forwarded Message 
From: < 
Reply-To: c
Date: Thu, 9 Jun 2011 12:32:23 -0400 
To: G G 
Ross Gow <fl 
Subject: Re: Vanity Fair 
Good to go.=20 
Sent from my BlackBerry=C2=AE wireless device 
From: GMAX <->=20 
Date: Thu, 09 Jun 2011 11:19:51 -0400 
To: Brian Basham< 
Subject: Re: Vanity Fair 
>; Ross Gow<
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00099 
EFTA00590075
--- PAGE 32 ---
Dear Brian and Ross 
Bellow in caps are my proposed answers. I have no intention of talking to E= d. My plan here is just to set some of the 
record straight =E2=80=93 ie I am no lo= nger w/je and have not been for years..it is of course longer than the 7 but= 
years with another man should at least clear up that point Re the other answers..lets discuss and change them if you 
see fit and once = we have them in a state that we like I will contact devonshires to have an o= pinion and then revert to 
you to send to Ed Thx G Dear Ross, 
Here are some fact-checking questions for Ghislaine Maxwell to comment on and answer: 
1. Do Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell share a home in London or anywhere else? Do they still see each other? 
Does Epstein help support Ghislaine? Her friends tell me that Ghislaine once loved Epstein. Does she still love him? 
MS MAXWELL DOES NOT SHARE ANY HOMES ANYWHERE WITH MR EPSTEIN. MR EPSTEIN DO= ES NOT SUPPORT MS 
MAXWELL IN ANYWAY. MS MAXWELL HAD INFACT BEEN IN COMMITTED= RELATIONSHIP WITH SOMEONE ELSE FOR 
THE PAST 7 YEARS 
2. The Mail on Sunday published a photograph showing the Duke of York with his arm around 
. Standing 
off to one side in the photo was Ghislaine Maxwell. The newspaper said that this photo taken in Ghislaine's London 
home. Was it? Did Jeffrey Epstein take the photo? If not, who did? 
MS MAXWELL HAS NO RECOLECTION OF THE PHOTO BEING TAKEN AND GIVEN WE ARE TAL= KING AN EVENT THAT 
ALLEDGEDLY TOOK PLACE OVER 10 YEARS AGO IT WOULD BE SURPR= 
ISING=20 
3. According to 
Ghislaine Maxwell recruited her as Epstein=E2=80=99s =E2=80=9Csex slave=E2=80=9D 
when she was 15 years old and arranged for her to see Andrew three times=E2=80=94at Jeffrey Epstein=E2=80=99s 
homes in London and New York and on his private Caribbean island, Little Saint James=E2=80=94where, 
said, 
she=E2=80=99d been =E2=80=9Csexually exploited by Epstein=E2=80=99s adult male peers, including 
royalty.=E2=80=9D Would Ghislaine please comment on this assertion by 
MS MAXWELL MET MS 
WHEN SHE BELIEVES SHE WAS 17 AND SHE WAS LIVING = WITH HER FIANCE. MS 
WAS HIRED BY MR EPSTEIN AS A MASSUSE. MS ROBERT= S HAD A PRIOR SEXUAL HASSARASSMENT SUIT 
AGAINST OTHER INDIVIDUALS THAT WAS T= HROWN OUT FOR LACK OF HER CREDABILITY PRIOR TO HER FILING A CIVIL 
CASE AGAI= NST MR EPSTEIN.that It Should be noted that MS 
, PRIOR TO FILING HER= SUIT, HAD FLED THE US 
TO AVOID BEING ARRESTED and possibly put in jail FOR = grand THEFT. I THINK GIVEN THIS AND OTHER HIGHLY 
INDICATIVE EVENTS IN HER LI= FE (IT IS ) one should view what she says and her stories with more than jus= t a healthy 
dose of sckepisim (IMPOSSIBLE TO BELIEVE ONE WORD OUT OF HER MOU= TH). FURTHER THE INCENTIVE OF A LARGE 
AMOUNT OF MONEY PAID BY A NEWSPAPER AN= D OTHERS NO DOUBT ADDED TO HER COLOURFUL AND UNTURE 
STORIES WHICH IN FACT AR= 
E LAREGELY NOTHING BUT MALICIOUS FOR HIRE MADE UP STORIES. In addition it = 
is clear that the US lawyers are trying to exploit her to sensationalize the= it profiles and to keep interest in an otherwise 
old story in an attempt to = game the system as anyone can file a civil suit for anything with a view to= trying to make a 
quick buck whether their is merit or not in the case. It s= hould also be noted that at least one of the 
=E2=80=9Dlawyers=E2=80=9D involved in this = unattractive scheme was a partner to a man recently arrested and 
hastily jai= led for 50 years for amongst other things creating and promoting false case= s and selling them and stealing 
millions and millions of dollars by selling = them to unsuspecting investors..he did this by using ex policeman to create= 
fake cases and faked judges signatures to sign off on them amongst other c= orrupt illegal and shameless schemes and 
demonstrated an exploitation of the= US legal system that also used and created fake =E2=80=98victims=E2=80=99 to 
promote hi= s illegal and and life destroying fantastical fake untrue suits. 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00100 
EFTA00590076
--- PAGE 33 ---
4. The Mail on Sunday and other newspapers ran the story about Andrew=E2=80=99s rendezvous with 
in Ghislaine Maxwell=E2=80=99s London home. These reports said that Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell left the 
Duke of York and 
alone for several hours, and that the next morning Ghislaine Maxwell told 
that the Duke had a good time. Would Ghislaine please comment on this story. What did the Duke tell Ghislaine 
about his rendezvous with 
SEE ABOVE 
5. The Mail on Sunday said it had evidence to support 
story=E2=80=94flight logs from Jeffrey 
Epstein=E2=80=99s Boeing 727 and Gulfstream jet. Was Ghislaine Maxwell on these airplanes and who else was 
onboard? 
TO REMEMBER ANY SPECIFIC FLIGHT GOING TO ANY GIVEN PLACE AND WHO WAS ON BOA= RD OR NOT ON ANY GIVEN 
PLANE AT ANY GIVEN TIME FOR FLIGHTS THAT ALEDEGEDLY = TOOK PLACE OVER 10 YEARS AGO IS SIMPLY UNREALISITC 
6. According to a sworn deposition by Juan Alessi, a former employee at Jeffrey Epstein=E2=80=99s Palm Beach estate, 
Prince Andrew attended naked pool parties and was treated to massages by a harem of adolescent girls. 
MS MAXWELL CANNOT COMMENT ON WHAT MR ALESSI ALLEDEGDLY SAW OR DID NOT SEE B= UT MS MAXWELL HAS 
NEVER SEEN THE DUKE IN ANY STATE OF UNDRESS AT ANYTIME AND= 
INDEED HE HAS ALWAYS BEEN PROPERLY ATTIRED WHEN EVER SHE HAS SEEN HIM. NOR= IS SHE AWARE OF ANY SUCH 
PARTIES. 
That's it for now. 
I hope that you can arrange for me to speak directly to Ghislaine. 
All the best, 
Ed 
End of Forwarded Message 
-43_3537537138_895454687 
Content-type: text/html; 
charset="UTF-8" 
Content-transfer-encoding: quoted-printable 
<html> 
<head> 
<meta http-equiv=3D"Content-Type" content=3D"text/html; charset=3Dutf-r> </head> <body bgcolor=3D"tIFFFFFFH> 
<div>Ok<br> <br> Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone</div> <div><br> On Jun 9, 2011, at 1:21 PM, GMAX 
&It;<a href=3D"mailto. 
1>gmax= 
</a>84gt; wrote:<br> 
<br> 
</div> 
<div></div> 
<blockquote type=3D"cite"> 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00101 
EFTA00590077
--- PAGE 34 ---
<div><font face=3D"Calibri, Verdana, Helvetica, Arial"><span style=3D"font-size= :11pt"><br> 
---- Forwarded Message<br> 
<b>From: </b>&Itsa href=3D' 
1></a>ca href=3D"mailto:mail@br= 
ianbasham.com">
</a>8itsbr> 
<b>Reply-To: </b>&Itsa href=3D" 
></a><a href=3D"mailto:mai= 
>
</a>&gtsbr> 
<b>Date: </b>Thu, 9 Jun 2011 12:32:23 -0400<br> 
<b>To: </b>G G &Itsa href=3
"></a>ca href=3D"mailto:gmaxl@ell= 
max.com">
</a>&.gt;, Ross Gow &Itsa href=3D"ross@acuityreputati= on.com"></a><a 
href=3D"mailto: 
'>ross@acuityreputation= 
.com</a>&gtsbr> 
<b>Subject: </b>Re: Vanity Fair<br> 
<br> 
Good to go. cbr> 
<br> 
Sent from my BlackBerry=C2=AE wireless device<br> <br> 
<b>From: </b>GMAX &Itsa href=3D1 
'></a><a href=3D"mailto:gmaxl@= 
ellmax.com"
</a>&gt; 
<br> 
<b>Date: </b>Thu, 09 Jun 2011 11:19:51 -0400<br> 
<b>To: </b>Brian Basham&Itsa href=3D1 
></a>ca href=3D"mail= 
to:mail@brianbasham.com
</a>&gt;; Ross Gow&Itsa href=3D"= 
1></a><a href=3D"mailto: 
>ro= 
/a>&gtsbr> 
<b>Subject: </b>Re: Vanity Fair<br> 
Dear Brian and Ross<br> 
Bellow in caps are my proposed answers. I have no intention of talking to E= d. My plan here is just to set some of the 
record straight =E2=80=93 ie I am no lo= nger w/je and have not been for years..it is of course longer than the 7 but= 
years with another man should 
at least clear up that point<br> 
Re the other answers..lets discuss and change them if you see fit and once = we have them in a state that we like I will 
contact devonshires to have an o= pinion and then revert to you to send to Ed<br> Thx<br> G<I3r> Dear Ross,<br> 
</span></font> <blockquote> <blockquote> <blockquote><font face=3D"Calibri, Verdana, Helvetica, Arial"><span 
style=3D"fo= nt-size:11pt"><br> Here are some fact-checking questions for Ghislaine Maxwell to comment<br> on and 
answer<br> <br> <br> 1. Do Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell share a home in London or<br> anywhere else? Do 
they still see each other? Does Epstein help support<br> Ghislaine? Her friends tell me that Ghislaine once loved 
Epstein. Does<br> she still love him?<br> <br> MS MAXWELL DOES NOT SHARE ANY HOMES ANYWHERE WITH MR 
EPSTEIN. MR EPSTEIN DO= ES NOT SUPPORT MS MAXWELL IN ANYWAY. MS MAXWELL HAD INFACT BEEN IN 
COMMITTED= RELATIONSHIP WITH SOMEONE ELSE FOR THE PAST 7 YEARS<br> <br> 2. The Mail on Sunday published a 
photograph showing the Duke of York<br> with his arm around 
. &nbsp;Standing off to one side in the= 
<br> photo was Ghislaine Maxwell. The newspaper said that this photo taken<br> in Ghislaine's London home. Was it? 
&nbsp;Did Jeffrey Epstein take the<br> photo? If not, who did?<br> <br> MS MAXWELL HAS NO RECOLECTION OF THE 
PHOTO BEING TAKEN AND GIVEN WE ARE TAL= KING AN EVENT THAT ALLEDGEDLY TOOK PLACE OVER 10 YEARS AGO IT 
WOULD BE SURPR= ISING <br> <br> 3. According to 
Ghislaine Maxwell recruited her as<br> 
Epstein=E2=80=99s =E2=80=9Csex slave=E2=80=9D when she was 15 years old and arranged for her<= 
br> 
to see Andrew three times=E2=80=94at Jeffrey Epstein=E2=80=99s homes in London and New<= 
br> 
York and on his private Caribbean island, Little Saint James=E2=80=94where,<br> 
said, she=E2=80=99d been 
=E2=80=9Csexually exploited by Epstein=E2=80=99s adult male= <br> peers, including royalty.=E2=80=9D Would 
Ghislaine please comment on this<br> assertion by 
.<br> <br> MS MAXWELL MET MS 
WHEN 
SHE BELIEVES SHE WAS 17 AND SHE WAS LIVING &= nbsp;WITH HER FIANCE. MS 
WAS HIRED BY MR EPSTEIN 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00102 
EFTA00590078
--- PAGE 35 ---
AS A MASSUSE. &nbsp= ;MS 
HAD A PRIOR SEXUAL HASSARASSMENT SUIT AGAINST OTHER INDIVIDUALS = 
THAT WAS THROWN OUT FOR LACK OF HER CREDABILITY PRIOR TO HER FILING A CIVIL CASE AGAINST MR EPSTEIN.that 
<font color=3D"#FF0= 000">lt Should be noted that</font> MS 
, PRIOR TO FILING HER SUIT, H= AD FLED THE 
US TO AVOID BEING ARRESTED and possibly <font color=3D"#F F0000">put in jail</font> FOR <font 
color=3DVFF0000">grand</f= 
ont> THEFT. I THINK GIVEN THIS AND OTHER HIGHLY INDICATIVE EVENTS IN HER 
ont> LIF= 
E (IT IS) 
<font color=3D"#FF0000">one should view what she says and her stories with mo= re than just a healthy dose of 
sckepisim </font>(IMPOSSIBLE TO BELIEVE ONE WORD OUT OF HER MOUTH). FURTHER THE INCEN= TIVE OF A LARGE 
AMOUNT OF MONEY PAID BY A NEWSPAPER AND OTHERS NO DOUBT ADDE= D TO HER COLOURFUL AND UNTURE 
STORIES WHICH IN FACT ARE LAREGELY NOTHING BUT= MALICIOUS FOR HIRE MADE UP STORIES. 
&nbsp;<font color=3D"#FF0000">In addition it is clear that the US lawyers ar= e trying to exploit her to sensationalize 
their profiles and to keep interes= tin an otherwise old story in an attempt to game the system as anyone can f= ile a 
civil suit for anything with a view to trying to make a quick buck whether their is merit or not in the= case. It should also 
be noted that at least one of the =E2=80=9Dlawyers=E2=80=9D involv= ed in this unattractive scheme was a partner to a 
man recently arrested and = hastily jailed for 50 years for amongst other things creating and promoting false cases and 
selling them and steal= ing millions and millions of dollars by selling them to unsuspecting investo= rs..he did this by 
using &nbsp;ex policeman to create fake cases and faked j= udges signatures to sign off on them amongst other corrupt 
illegal and shameless schemes and demonstrated an ex= ploitation of the US legal system that also used and created 
fake =E2=80=98victims= 
=E2=80=99 to promote his illegal and and life destroying fantastical fake untrue s= uits.<br> </font><br> <br> 4. The 
Mail on Sunday and other newspapers ran the story about<br> Andrew=E2=80=99s rendezvous with 
in 
Ghislaine Maxwell=E2=80=99s<br> London home. These reports said that Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine<br> Maxwell left 
the Duke of York and 
alone for several<br> hours, and that the next morning Ghislaine Maxwell told 
cbr> 
that the Duke had a good time. Would Ghislaine please comment<br> on this story. What did the 
Duke tell Ghislaine about his rendezvous<br> with 
?<br> <br> SEE ABOVE<br> <br> 5. The Mail on 
Sunday said it had evidence to support 
<br> 
&nbsp;story=E2=80=94flight logs from Jeffrey 
Epstein=E2=80=99s Boeing 727 and= <br> Gulfstream jet. Was Ghislaine Maxwell on these airplanes and who else<br> 
was onboard?<br> <br> TO REMEMBER ANY SPECIFIC FLIGHT GOING TO ANY GIVEN PLACE AND WHO WAS ON BOA= RD 
OR NOT ON ANY GIVEN PLANE AT ANY &nbsp;GIVEN TIME FOR FLIGHTS THAT ALEDEG= EDLY TOOK PLACE OVER 10 
YEARS AGO IS SIMPLY UNREALISITC<br> <br> 6. According to a sworn deposition by Juan Alessi, a former employee<br> 
at Jeffrey Epstein=E2=80=99s Palm Beach estate, Prince Andrew attended naked<br> pool parties and was treated to 
massages by a harem of adolescent<br> girls.<br> <br> MS MAXWELL CANNOT COMMENT ON WHAT MR ALESSI 
ALLEDEGDLY SAW OR DID NOT SEE B= UT MS MAXWELL HAS NEVER SEEN THE DUKE IN ANY STATE OF UNDRESS AT 
ANYTIME AND= &nbsp;INDEED HE HAS ALWAYS BEEN PROPERLY ATTIRED WHEN EVER SHE HAS SEEN HIM= . NOR IS SHE 
AWARE OF ANY SUCH PARTIES.<br> <br> That's it for now.<br> <br> I hope that you can arrange for me to speak directly 
to Ghislaine.<br> <br> All the best,<br> <br> </span></font></blockquote> </blockquote> </blockquote> <font 
face=3D"Calibri, Verdana, Helvetica, Arial"><span style=3D"font-size:llpt= ">Ed<br> <br> <br> <br> <br> 
---- End of Forwarded Message<br> 
</span></font></div> 
</blockquote> 
</body> 
</html> 
--B_3537537138_895454687-
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00103 
EFTA00590079
--- PAGE 36 ---
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < 
Sent: 
Sunday, June 12, 2011 2:21 PM 
To: 
'GMAX' 
Subject: 
Re: This is the actual version they wanted me to send which I changed..but this is back 
from my UK lawyers.. 
--bcaec50fe0cde527a504a58989d7 
--bcaec50fe0cde527a504a58989d7 
--bcaec50fe0cde527a504a58989d7--
Content-type: multipart/alternative; 
boundary="8_3537537134_767989514" 
> This message is in MIME format. Since your mail reader does not 
> understand 
this format, some or all of this message may not be legible. 
-43_3537537134_767989514 
Content-type: text/plain; 
charset="UTF-8" 
Content-transfer-encoding: quoted-printable 
I will be able to edit after 9 tonight or tomorrow morning, where are you? 
On Sun, Jun 12, 2011 at 4:12 PM, GMAX <
> wrote: 
Thank you _ I have it now and am working the letter a little =E2=80=93 I will sen= d the final version tomorrow and what 
ever is in it will be factually accura= 
te=20 
On 6/12/11 16:00 PM, "Philip Barden" < 
> wrot= 
e: 
See below as amended by me only for factual accuracy and some notes where 1= am uncertain of the accuracy. =20 
=20 
Dear Mr Klein 
=20 
Ross Gow of Acuity Reputation, who I have retained to deal with press enqui= ries, tells me that you have sent him the 
following list of questions. 
=20 
My condition of answering those questions is that you print this reply in f= ull. I=E2=80=99ve answered in a narrative 
form, which I hope will make sense both = to you and to your readers. I=E2=80=99ve tried to keep it succinct. 
=20 
We don't know each other but I am familiar with the world of journalism and= there is an obvious temptation for 
journalists to sensationalise their stor= ies, so, as a precaution, I've sent a copy of this letter to Vanity Fair=E2=80=99s= 
Editor in Chief, Graydon Carter. 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00104 
EFTA00590080
--- PAGE 37 ---
=20 
Driving straight to the heart of the matter, the allegations that have been= made against me are part of an attempt by 
and her lawyer, = Brad Edwards, to extort money from me. This follows an unsuccessful attempt= by 
them at blackmailing me. To spice up the story they have made allegatio= ns about HRH Prince Andrew. They are 
untrue. 
=20 
You must be aware that Mr Edwards=E2=80=99 former partner [check this], Scott Rot= hstein, is now serving a 50 year 
prison term for creating false allegations = against Mr Epstein and then using those allegations to obtain money by 
decep= tion in a Ponzi scheme. You know that Mr Rothstein destroyed people's live= s with his fantastic and untrue 
suits and that in pursuit of his evil plans = he corrupted ex policemen to create faked cases. He even forged the signatur= 
es of judges to sign off on those charges [I am not aware of this level of d= etail =E2=80=93 is it correct?] . You will be 
aware that Mr. Edwards now, himself=, faces a professional investigation and serious potential charges. 
=20 
=E2=80=99 allegations only emerged at the time that Scott Rothste= in was creating false claims and 
years atter the alleged misconduct . The re= leasing of the allegations to the national press only occurred after I refus= 
ed to make any payments to silence Ms 
or her attorneys because the = allegations were utterly false. As you 
will be aware, it is also believed to= be the case that she has been paid a large sum of money by at least one Bri= tish 
national newspaper. That represents a further incentive to make false = claims. 
=20 
If you write a balanced article, you will be bound to record that Ms Rober= ts has made a previous claim of sexual 
harassment totally unrelated to Mr Ep= stein and which was not proceed with because the police took the view she ha= 
d no credibility.=20 
=20 
You will also, presumably, draw attention to the fact that, prior to filing= her civil suit against Mr Epstein, Ms 
fled the US to avoid being ar= rested for grand theft.[is this correct. My recollection is that we knew she= was indicted 
but did not know the outcome. Perhaps you have better informa= tion now] =20 
All in all, given her record, which includes a number of other highly colou= rful events (of which I have no doubt you will 
be aware and will reflect) I = assume you will treat what she says with great scepticism. 
=20 
All the untrue events are alleged to have happened ten years ago. Until tho= se allegations emerged I had no 
recollection of Ms 
at all. I couldn= 't have picked her out in a crowd or, perhaps more relevantly in her case, i= n 
an identity parade. After some thought, I recalled that I first met Ms R= oberts when she was working at a Premier 
Health Resort, claiming to be 18 ye= ars old and a professional masseuse. As part of his health programme, Mr Eps= 
Lein had regular massages and employed both female and male masseuses. Ms = 
always came to Mr Epstein=E2=80=99s property with either her mother or fia= 
nc=C3=A9 in attendance, sometimes both. I was aware of no improper conduct and n= one was brought to my 
attention.=20 
=20 
When it comes to Ms 
allegations about her time in London, I can't s= ay I remember her at all and neither can I 
remember flying with her. I fly = many thousands of miles a year all over the world in many different aircraft= . 
=20 
Of course, I've seen the photograph of the Duke of York with 
Rober= ts but I have absolutely no recollection at 
all of the photograph being take= n and cannot say who took it.=20 
=20 
I've met the Duke of York on a number of occasions but whenever I've seen h= im he has been properly attired and I 
have no knowledge of naked pool partie= sat Mr Epstein's Palm Beach estate or elsewhere. =20 
=20 
I do not share any homes with Mr Epstein and he does not support me in any= way. To put this in context my 
relationship with Mr Epstein ended over a de= cade ago and since then I have had a long term relationship. Mr 
Epstein=E2=80=99s = imprisonment and the circumstances to which that related occurred over 5 ye= ars after our 
relationship had ceased. =20 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00105 
EFTA00590081
--- PAGE 38 ---
=20 
If I=E2=80=99ve missed anything do let Mr. Gow know =20 
=20 
Regards 
=20 
=20 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
=20 
Attach Klein=E2=80=99s questions. 
=20 
=20 
Brian Basham 
Mobile: 07771 828828 
<mailto
>=20 
=20 
--=20 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein=20 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
-41_3537537134_767989514 
Content-type: text/html; 
charset="UTF-8" 
Content-transfer-encoding: quoted-printable 
<html> 
<head> 
<meta http-equiv=3D"Content-Type" content=3D"text/html; charset=3Dutf-8"> </head> <body> I will be able to edit 
after 9 tonight or tomorrow morning,&nbsp; where are= you?<br> <br> <div class=3D"gmail_quote">On Sun, Jun 12, 
2011 at 4:12 PM, GMAX <span dir=3D"l= tr">&Itsa 
href=3D"mailto: 
">1
.</a>&gt;</span> wr= ote:<br> <blockquote 
class=3D"gmail_quote" style=3D"margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:lpx #c= cc solid;padding-left:lex;"> <div>dont 
face=3D"Calibri, Verdana, Helvetica, Arial"><span style=3D"font-size= :11pt">Thank you _ I have it now and am working 
the letter a little =E2=80=93 I wi= II send the final version tomorrow and what ever is in it will be factually = accurate 
<br> <br> <br> On 6/12/11 16:00 PM, &quot;Philip Barden&quot; &It;<a href=3D"http://philip.b= 
target=3Dtblank" 
/a>= 
&gt; wrote:<br> 
<br> 
</span></font> 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00106 
EFTA00590082
--- PAGE 39 ---
<blockquote><font color=3D"#00007F"xfont size=3D"2"><font face=30"Arial"><span s= tyle=3D"font-size:l0pt">See 
below as amended by me only for factual accuracy a= nd some notes where I am uncertain of the accuracy. &nbsp;<br> 
&nbspsbr> </span></font></font></font>dont face=3D"Calibri, Verdana, Helvetica, Arial"= 
><span style=3D"font-size:12pt"><i>Dear Mr Klein<br> 
&nbspsbr> 
Ross Gow of Acuity Reputation, who I have retained to deal with press enqui= ries, tells me that you have sent him the 
following list of questions.<br> &nbspsbr> My condition of answering those questions is that you print this reply in f= 
ull. I=E2=80=99ve answered in a narrative form, which I hope will make sense both = to you and to your readers. 
I=E2=80=99ve tried to keep it succinct.<br> &nbsp;<br> We don't know each other but I am familiar with the world of 
journalism and= there is an obvious temptation for journalists to sensationalise their stor= ies, so, as a precaution, I've 
sent a copy of this letter to Vanity Fair=E2=80=99s= Editor in Chief, Graydon Carter.<br> &nbsp;<br> Driving straight to 
the heart of the matter, the allegations that have been= made against me are part of an attempt by 
and her lawyer, = Brad Edwards, to extort money &nbsp;from me. This follows an unsuccessful at= tempt by them at 
blackmailing me. To spice up the story they have made allegations about HRH Prince Andrew. The= y are untrue.<br> 
&nbspsbr> You must be aware that Mr Edwards=E2=80=99 former partner <font color=3D"#FF0000">[= check 
this]</font>, Scott Rothstein, is now serving a 50 year prison term fo= r creating false allegations against Mr Epstein and 
then using those allegat= ions to obtain money by deception in a Ponzi scheme. You know that &nbsp;Mr Rothstein 
destroyed people's liv= es with his fantastic and untrue suits and that in pursuit of his evil plans <font 
color=3D"#FF0000">he corrupted ex policemen to create faked cases. He e= ven forged the signatures of judges to sign 
off on those charges [I am not a= ware of this level of detail =E2=80=93 is it correct?' &nbsps/font>. You will be = aware 
that Mr. Edwards now, himself, faces a professional investigation and serious potential charges.<br> &nbspsbr> 
nE2=80=99 allegations only emerged at the time that Scott Rothste= in was creating false claims and 
years atter the alleged misconduct . The re= leasing of the allegations to the national press only occurred after I refus= 
ed to make any payments to silence Ms 
or her attorneys because the allegations were utterly false. As= you 
will be aware, it is also believed to be the case that she has been pai= d a large sum of money by at least one British 
national newspaper. That repr= esents a further incentive to make false claims.<br> &nbsp;<br> &nbsp;lf you write a 
balanced article, you will be bound to record that Ms = 
has made a previous claim of sexual harassment totally 
unrelated to = Mr Epstein and which was not proceed with because the police took the view s= he had no credibility. 
<br> 
&nbspsbr> 
<font color=3D"#FF0000">You will also, presumably, draw attention to the fact= that, prior to filing her civil suit against 
Mr Epstein, Ms 
fled th= e US to avoid being arrested for grand theft.[is this correct. My recollecti= on is that we 
knew she was indicted but did not know the outcome. Perhaps you have better information now] &nb= sp;<br> 
</font><br> All in all, given her record, which includes a number of other highly colou= rful events (of which I have no 
doubt you will be aware and will reflect) I = assume you will treat what she says with great scepticism.<br> &nbspsbr> 
All the untrue events are alleged to have happened ten years ago. Until tho= se allegations emerged I had no 
recollection of Ms 
at all. &nbsp;I c= ouldn't have picked her out in a crowd or, perhaps more relevantly in her 
ca= se, in an identity parade. &nbsp;After some thought, I recalled that I first met Ms 
when she was working at 
a = Premier Health Resort, claiming to be 18 years old and a professional masseu= se. As part of his health programme, 
Mr Epstein had regular massages and emp= toyed both female and male masseuses. 
&nbsp;Ms 
always came to Mr Epstein=E2=80=99s property with either her mo= ther or fianc=C3=A9 in 
attendance, sometimes both. I was aware of no improper co= nduct and none was brought to my attention. 
<br> 
&nbspsbr> 
When it comes to Ms 
allegations about her time in London, I can't s= ay I remember her at all and neither can I 
remember flying with her. &nbsp;l= fly many thousands of miles a year all over the world in many different air= 
craft.<br> &nbsp;<br> Of course, I've seen the photograph of the Duke of York with 
Rober= is but I have 
absolutely no recollection at all of the photograph being take= n &nbsp;and cannot say who took it. 
<br> 
&nbspsbr> 
I've met the Duke of York on a number of occasions but whenever I've seen h= im he has been properly attired and I 
have no knowledge of naked pool partie= s at Mr Epstein's Palm Beach estate or elsewhere. &nbsp;<br> &nbspsbr> I do 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00107 
EFTA00590083
--- PAGE 40 ---
not share any homes with Mr Epstein and &nbsp;he does not support me i= n any way. To put this in context my 
relationship with Mr Epstein ended over= a decade ago and since then I have had a long term relationship. Mr Epstein= 
=E2=80=99s imprisonment and the circumstances to which that related occurred over 5 years after our relationship had 
cea= sed. &nbsp;&nbspsbr> &nbspsbr> If I=E2=80=99ve missed anything do let Mr. Gow know. <br> &nbsp;<br> 
Regards<br> &nbspsbr> &nbspsbr> Ghislaine Maxwell<br> &nbsp;<br> </i>Attach Klein=E2=80=99s questions.<br> 
&nbspsbr> &nbspsbr> Brian Basham<br> 
Mobile: &nbsp;07771 828828<br> 
<a href=3D"http://mail@brianbasham.com" target=3Dtblank">
<= 
/a> &ltsa href=3D"mailto
" target=3Dtblank">mailto:mail@br= ianbasham.com</a>&gt; <br> 
&nbspsbr> </span></font><span style=3D"font-size:12pt"><font face=3D'Times New Roman"><br= 
</font></span><font color=3D"#00007F"><font size=3D"2"><font face=30"Arial"><span= style=3D"font-
size:10pt"><br> </span></font></font></font><font face=3D"Arial">cfont color=3D"#7F7F7F"><font = 
size=3D"1"><span style=3D"font-size:7pt"><br> <hr align=3D"CENTER" size=3D"2" width=3D"100%"> 
</span></font></font></font></blockquote> 
</div> 
</blockquote> 
</div> 
<br> 
<br clear=3D"all"> 
<br> 
<br> 
br> 
The information contained in this communication is<br> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may<br> 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for<br> the use of the addressee. It is the property of<br> Jeffrey 
Epstein <br> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this<br> communication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibited<br> and may be unlawful. If you have received this<br> communication in error, please notify us immediately 
by<br> return e-mail or by e-mail to <a href=3D"mailto:
" target= =3D"_blank"> 
/a>, and<br> destroy this communication and all copies thereof,<br> including all attachments. 
copyright -all rights reserved<br> <br> </body> </html> 
--B_3537537134_767989514--
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00108 
EFTA00590084
--- PAGE 41 ---
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein < 
Sent: 
Sunday, June 12, 2011 6:36 PM 
To: 
'GMAX' 
Subject: 
Re: This is the actual version they wanted me to send which I changed..but this is back 
from my UK lawyers.. 
--bcaec5171eb1d287f404a58d1b3b 
--bcaec5171eb1d287f404a58d1b3b 
--bcaec5171eb1d287f404a58d1b3b--
Content-type: multipart/alternative; 
boundary="8_3537537128_1113954667" 
> This message is in MIME format. Since your mail reader does not 
> understand 
this format, some or all of this message may not be legible. 
-43_3537537128_1113954667 
Content-type: text/plain; 
charset="UTF-8" 
Content-transfer-encoding: quoted-printable 
On Sun, Jun 12, 2011 at 4:12 PM, GMAX a 
wrote: 
Thank you _ I have it now and am working the letter a little =E2=80=93 I will sen= d the final version tomorrow and what 
ever is in it will be factually accura= 
te=20 
On 6/12/11 16:00 PM, "Philip Barden" < 
> wrot= 
e: 
See below as amended by me only for factual accuracy and some notes where 1= am uncertain of the accuracy. =20 
=20 
Dear Mr Klein 
=20 
Ross Gow of Acuity Reputation, who I have retained to deal with press enqui= ries, tells me that you have sent him the 
following list of questions. 
=20 
My condition of answering those questions is that you print this reply in f= ull. I=E2=80=99ve answered in a narrative 
form, which I hope will make sense both = to you and to your readers. I=E2=80=99ve tried to keep it succinct. 
=20 
We don't know each other but I am familiar with the world of journalism and= there is an obvious temptation for 
journalists to sensationalise their stor= ies, so, as a precaution, I've sent a copy of this letter to Vanity Fair=E2=80=99s= 
Editor in Chief, Graydon Carter. 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00109 
EFTA00590085
--- PAGE 42 ---
=20 
Driving straight to the heart of the matter, the allegations that have been= made against me are part of an attempt by 
and her lawyer, = Brad Edwards, to extort money from me. This follows an unsuccessful attempt= by 
them at blackmailing me. To spice up the story they have made allegatio= ns about HRH Prince Andrew. They are 
untrue. 
=20 
You must be aware that Mr Edwards=E2=80=99 former partner, Scott Rothstein, is no= w serving a 50 year prison term 
for creating false cases of a sexual nature = against Mr Epstein and then using those fabricated cases to obtain money 
b= y deception in a Ponzi scheme. You know that Mr Rothstein destroyed people= 's lives with his fantastic and untrue 
suits and that in pursuit of his evil= plans . You will be aware that Mr. Edwards now, himself, faces serious lit= igation 
with severe consequences 
=20 
=E2=80=99 allegations only emerged at the time that Scott Rothste= in was creating false claims and 
years atter the alleged misconduct . The re= leasing of the allegations to the national press only occurred after I refus= 
ed to make any payments to silence Ms 
or her attorneys because the = allegations were utterly false. As you 
will be aware, it is also believed to= be the case that she has been paid a large sum of money by at least one Bri= tish 
national newspaper. That represents a further incentive to make false = claims. 
=20 
If you write a balanced article, you will be bound to record that Ms Rober= ts has made a previous claims of sexual 
harassment totally unrelated to Mr E= pstein and which was not proceed with because the police took the view she h= 
ad no credibility.=20 
=20 
You will also, presumably, draw attention to the fact that, prior to filing= her civil suit against Mr Epstein, Ms 
fled the US to avoid being ar= rested for grand theft. police report availble 
All in all, given her record, which includes a number of other entirely fab= ricated events (of which I have no doubt you 
will be aware and will reflect)= I assume you will treat what she says with great scepticism. 
=20 
All the untrue events are alleged to have happened ten years ago. Until tho= se allegations emerged I had no 
recollection of Ms 
at all. I couldn= 't have picked her out in a crowd or, perhaps more relevantly in her case, i= n 
an identity parade. After some thought, I recalled that I first met Ms R= oberts when she was working at a Premier 
Health Resort, claiming to be 18 ye= ars old and a professional masseuse. As part of his health programme, Mr Eps= 
tein had regular massages and employed both female and male masseuses. Ms = 
always came to Mr Epstein=E2=80=99s property with either her mother or fia= 
nc=C3=A9 in attendance, sometimes both. I was aware of no improper conduct and n= one was brought to my 
attention.=20 
=20 
When it comes to Ms 
allegations about her time in London, I can't s= ay I remember her at all and neither can I 
remember flying with her. I fly = many thousands of miles a year all over the world in many different aircraft= . 
=20 
Of course, I've seen the photograph of the Duke of York with 
Rober= ts but I have absolutely no recollection at 
all of the photograph being take= n and cannot say who took it.=20 
=20 
I've met the Duke of York on a number of occasions but whenever I've seen h= im he has been properly attired and I 
have no knowledge of naked pool partie= sat Mr Epstein's Palm Beach estate or elsewhere. =20 
=20 
I do not share any homes with Mr Epstein and he does not support me in any= way. To put this in context my 
relationship with Mr Epstein ended over a de= cade ago and since then I have had a long term relationship. Mr 
Epstein=E2=80=99s = imprisonment and the circumstances to which that related occurred over 5 ye= ars after our 
relationship had ceased. =20 
=20 
If I=E2=80=99ve missed anything do let Mr. Gow know.=20 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00110 
EFTA00590086
--- PAGE 43 ---
=20 
Regards 
=20 
=20 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
=20 
Attach Klein=E2=80=99s questions. 
=20 
=20 
Brian Basham 
Mobile: 07771 828828 
<mailto
>=20 
=20 
--=20 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein=20 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
--B_3537537128_1113954667 
Content-type: text/html; 
charset="UTF-8" 
Content-transfer-encoding: quoted-printable 
<html> 
<head> 
<meta http-equiv=3D"Content-Type" content=3D"text/html; charset=3Dutf-8"> </head> <body> <br> <br> <div 
class=3D"gmail_quote">On Sun, Jun 12, 2011 at 4:12 PM, GMAX <span dir=3D"l= tr">&lt;<a 
href=3D"mailto: 
"
</a>&gts/span> wit ote:<br> <blockquote 
class=3D"gmail_quote" style=3D"margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:lpx #c= cc solid;padding-left:lex;"> <div>dont 
face=3D"Calibri, Verdana, Helvetica, Arial"><span style=3D"font-size= :11pt">Thank you _ I have it now and am working 
the letter a little =E2=80=93 I wi= II send the final version tomorrow and what ever is in it will be factually = accurate 
<br> <br> <br> On 6/12/11 16:00 PM, &quot;Philip Barden&quot; &It;<a href=3D"http://philip.b= 
target=3Dtblank" 
/a>= 
&gt; wrote:<br> 
<br> 
</span></font> 
<blockquote><font color=3D"#00007F"><font size=3D"2"><font face=3O"Arial"xspan s= tyle=3D"font-size:10pt">See 
below as amended by me only for factual accuracy a= nd some notes where I am uncertain of the accuracy. &nbsp;<br> 
&nbsp;<br> </span></font></font></font>dont face=3D"Calibri, Verdana, Helvetica, Arial"= 
><span style=3D"font-size:12pt"><i>Dear Mr Klein<br> 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00111 
EFTA00590087
--- PAGE 44 ---
&nbspsbr> 
Ross Gow of Acuity Reputation, who I have retained to deal with press enqui= ries, tells me that you have sent him the 
following list of questions.<br> &nbspsbr> My condition of answering those questions is that you print this reply in f= 
ull. I=E2=80=99ve answered in a narrative form, which I hope will make sense both = to you and to your readers. 
I=E2=80=99ve tried to keep it succinct.<br> &nbsp;<br> We don't know each other but I am familiar with the world of 
journalism and= there is an obvious temptation for journalists to sensationalise their stor= ies, so, as a precaution, I've 
sent a copy of this letter to Vanity Fair=E2=80=99s= Editor in Chief, Graydon Carter.<br> &nbsp;<br> Driving straight to 
the heart of the matter, the allegations that have been= made against me are part of an attempt by 
and her lawyer, = Brad Edwards, to extort money &nbsp;from me. This follows an unsuccessful at= tempt by them at 
blackmailing me. To spice up the story they have made allegations about HRH Prince Andrew. The= y are untrue.<br> 
&nbspsbr> You must be aware that Mr Edwards=E2=80=99 former partner, Scott Rothstein, is no= w serving a 50 year 
prison term for creating false cases of a sexual nature&= nbsp; against Mr Epstein and then using those fabricated 
cases&nbsp; to obta= in money by deception in a Ponzi scheme. You know that &nbsp;Mr Rothstein destroyed people's 
lives with his fantastic a= nd untrue suits and that in pursuit of his evil plans&nbspsfont color=3D"#FF0= 000"> </font>. 
You will be aware that Mr. Edwards now, himself, faces serious&nbs= p; litigation with severe consequences<br> 
&nbspsbr> 
E2=80=99 allegations only emerged at the time that Scott Rothste= in was creating false 
claims and years atter the alleged misconduct . The re= leasing of the allegations to the national press only occurred 
after I refus= ed to make any payments to silence Ms 
or her attorneys because the allegations were utterly 
false. As= you will be aware, it is also believed to be the case that she has been pai= d a large sum of money by at least 
one British national newspaper. That repr= esents a further incentive to make false claims.<br> &nbspsbr> &nbsp;lf 
you write a balanced article, you will be bound to record that Ms = 
has made a previous claims of sexual 
harassment totally unrelated to= Mr Epstein and which was not proceed with because the police took the view = she 
had no credibility. 
<br> 
&nbspsbr> 
<font color=3D"#FF0000">You will also, presumably, draw attention to the fact= that, prior to filing her civil suit against 
Mr Epstein, Ms 
fled th= e US to avoid being arrested for grand theft. police report availble<br> </font><br> All 
in all, given her record, which includes a number of other entirely fab= ricated events (of which I have no doubt you will 
be aware and will reflect)= I assume you will treat what she says with great scepticism.<br> &nbsp;<br> All the untrue 
events are alleged to have happened ten years ago. Until tho= se allegations emerged I had no recollection of Ms 
at all. &nbsp;I 
ouldn't have picked her out in a crowd or, perhaps more relevantly in her ca= se, in an identity 
parade. &nbsp;After some thought, I recalled that I first met Ms 
when she was working at a = Premier Health 
Resort, claiming to be 18 years old and a professional masseu= se. As part of his health programme, Mr Epstein had 
regular massages and emp= loyed both female and male masseuses. 
&nbsp;Ms 
always came to Mr Epstein=E2=80=99s property with either her mo= ther or flanC3=A9 in 
attendance, sometimes both. I was aware of no improper co= nduct and none was brought to my attention. 
<br> 
&nbspsbr> 
When it comes to Ms 
allegations about her time in London, I can't s= ay I remember her at all and neither can I 
remember flying with her. &nbsp;l= fly many thousands of miles a year all over the world in many different air= 
craft.<br> &nbsp;<br> Of course, I've seen the photograph of the Duke of York with 
Rober= is but I have 
absolutely no recollection at all of the photograph being take= n &nbsp;and cannot say who took it. 
<br> 
&nbspsbr> 
I've met the Duke of York on a number of occasions but whenever I've seen h= im he has been properly attired and I 
have no knowledge of naked pool partie= s at Mr Epstein's Palm Beach estate or elsewhere. &nbspsbr> &nbspsbr> I do 
not share any homes with Mr Epstein and &nbsp;he does not support me i= n any way. To put this in context my 
relationship with Mr Epstein ended over= a decade ago and since then I have had a long term relationship. Mr Epstein= 
=E2=80=99s imprisonment and the circumstances to which that related occurred over 5 years after our relationship had 
cea= sed. &nbsp;&nbspsbr> &nbspsbr> If I=E2=80=99ve missed anything do let Mr. Gow know. <br> &nbspsbr> 
Regards<br> &nbspsbr> &nbspsbr> Ghislaine Maxwell<br> &nbsp;<br> </i>Attach Klein=E2=80=99s questions.<br> 
&nbspsbr> &nbspsbr> Brian Basham<br> 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00112 
EFTA00590088
--- PAGE 45 ---
Mobile: &nbsp;07771 828828<br> 
<a href=3D"http:/ 
target=3Dtblank">a= 
/a> &Itsa href=3D"mailto 
target=30"_blank">mailto:ma 
/a>&gt; <br> 
&nbspsbr> </span></font><span style=3D"font-size:12pt"><font face=3D"TimesNew oman >< r= 
</font></span><font color=3D"t100007F"><font size=3D"2"><font face=3D"Arial"><span= style=3D"font-
size:10pt"><br> </span></font></font></font><font face=3D"Arial"><font color=3D"#7F7F7F"><font = 
size=3D"1"><span style=3D"font-size:7pt"><br> <hr size=3D"2" width=3D"100%" align=3D"CENTER"> 
</span></font></font></font></blockquote> 
</div> 
</blockquote> 
</div> 
<br> 
<br clear=3O"all"> 
<br> 
<br> 
br> 
The information contained in this communication is<br> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may<br> 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for<br> the use of the addressee. It is the property of<br> Jeffrey 
Epstein <br> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this<br> communication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibited<br> and may be unlawful. If you have received this<br> communication in error, please notify us immediately 
by<br> return e-mail or by e-mail to <a href=3D"mailto
l" target= =3O"_blank"> 
/a>, and<br> destroy this communication and all copies thereof,<br> including all attachments. 
copyright -all rights reserved<br> <br> </body> </html> 
—6_3537537128_1113954667--
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00113 
EFTA00590089
--- PAGE 46 ---
From: G Maxwell [mailto: 
Sent: Monday, June 13, 2011 3:53 PM 
Subject: FW: 
Forwarded Message 
From: G G 
Date: Mon, 13 Jun 2011 16:40:46 -0400 
To:1 Jep < 
Subject: FW: 
Forwarded Message 
From: G G <
> 
Date: Mon, 13 Jun 2011 09:53:48 -0400 
To: Dana B < 
Subject: FW: 
Forwarded Message 
From: G G 
Date: Sun, 12 Jun 2011 16:04:39 -0400 
To:1 Jep < 
Subject: <no subject> 
MY PR peePs want me to write a letter rather than ans the question directly. They say I will loose all credibility 
and all voice if one single thing is wrong or exaggerated..please read it v carefullly to check that what I say is 
100% true and provable.. they think I still have a voice and can speak.. use it once and get it wrong it will be 
gone for ever —AM IN MY OFFICE CALL 
Please get back to me with any changes today as it has to go they say tomorrow 
Dear Mr Klein 
Ross Gow of Acuity Reputation, who I have retained to deal with press enquiries, tells me that you have sent 
him a list of questions. 
I've answered in a narrative form, which I hope will make sense. I've tried to keep it succinct. 
Driving straight to the heart of the matter, I believe the continuing press on Mr Epstein is in large measure part 
of a blatant attempt to game the legal system by lawyers that are involved in civil action against Mr Epstein 
and by newspapers who love and need a sensational story that sells papers regardless of balance or truth. 
Trying to tie Prince Andrew to Mr Epstein's story, is part of that larger plan. 
You must be aware that Mr Edwards,' one of the lawyers who continues to promote this story is in, 1E NEED 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00114 
EFTA00590090
--- PAGE 47 ---
YOU TO WRITE LAWYERS NAMES HERE AND WHAT EVER THE AGREEMENT IS OF THE REALTIONSHOIP 
EDWARDS HAS WITH THEM SO iT TIES THEM TO THE SCHEM EVEN iF REMOVED ONE BY EDWARDS was 
working for and a Partner in a now defunct law firm with Scott Rothstein. Scott Rothstein very recently was 
sent to jail for 50 years for creating false allegations against Mr Epstein and then using those allegations to 
obtain money by deception. You know that Mr Rothstein destroyed people's lives with his fantastic and untrue 
suits and that in pursuit of his evil, greedy plans he corrupted ex policemen to create fake cases and forged the 
signatures of judges to sign off on those charges. Rothstein's plea related to, AMONGST OTHER THINGS, CREATING 
AND PROMOTING fake legal settlements AND SELLING interests in those settlements TO UNSUSPECTING INVESTORS. 
Rothstein engaged in these CORRUPT ILLEAGAL AND SHAMELESS SCHEMES UNDERNEATH THE UMBREALLA OF A LEGAL 
PRACTICE TO STEAL MONEY. HE, AND OTHERS IN HIS FIRM, DEMONSTRATED AN EXPLOITATION OF THE U.S. LEGAL 
SYSTEM THAT USED AND CREATED FAKE 'VICTIMS' TO PROMOTE HIS ILLEGAL AND LIFE DESTROYING, FAKE SUITS. FBI 
Investigations continue into the now defunct firm, those who worked for the firm, and many of the ex partners of 
Rothstein's firm are subject to legal and civil proceedings. You will be aware that Mr. Edwards himself, faces a 
professional investigation and serious potential charges brought by Mr Epstein. 
' civil suit against Mr Epstein, along with her allegations in it, emerged iN THE PUBLIC 
DOMAIN at the time that Scott Rothstein was creating HIS false claims. If you write a balanced article, you will 
be bound to record that Ms 
has made years pReviously sexual harrasment claims against people other 
than Mr Epstein and that they were thrown out of court for her lack of credibility. You will also, presumably, 
draw attention to the fact that, prior to filing her civil suit against Mr Epstein, and long after she allegedly 
ceased to be employed by him as a masseuse, Ms 
fled the US to avoid being arrested and presumably 
be sent to jail for grand theft. Also I think it is probably fair to mention that she has been paid a large sum of 
money by at least one British national newspaper, aside from any other monies that she has received, which 
represents a further incentive to make any claims that would help keep her name in the public domain by 
attempting to link her to Prince Andrew and have what she has to to say be worth any money to those seeking 
to use her for their own means. All in all, given her record, which includes a number of other highly colourful 
events, (of which I have no doubt you will be aware and will reflect) I assume you will treat what she says with 
great scepticism. 
TO this point Ms 
was i believe actually 17 and living with her fiance when Mr Epstein first employed her 
as a Masseuse. When it comes to Ms 
allegations about her time in London, I can't say i remember 
being in London with her at all and neither can I remember flying with her. I fly thousands of miles a year all 
over the world and would be hard pushed to say what plane and with whom i was flying even with in the last 
year. Of course, I've seen the photograph of the Duke of York with 
but I have absolutely no 
recollection at all of the photograph being taken. 
I've met the Duke of York on a number of occasions but whenever I've seen him he has been fully and properly 
attired and I have no knowledge of naked pool parties, unless one considers the odd person sunbathing 
without a swimming costume a party, at Mr Epstein's home. 
As to my relationship with Mr Epstein, I can tell you that i do not share any homes anywhere with Mr 
Epstein; he does not support me in any way at all. For the record I had in fact, until very recently, been in a 
committed and happy relationship for the last seven years with someone else. Mr Epstein's imprisonment and 
the circumstances to which that related occurred many years after our relationship had ceased. 
Regards 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00115 
EFTA00590091
--- PAGE 48 ---
Ghislaine Maxwell 
End of Forwarded Message 
End of Forwarded Message 
End of Forwarded Message 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00116 
EFTA00590092
--- PAGE 49 ---
From: G Maxwell [mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, April 03, 2014 9:44 PM 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' 
Subject: Re: Daily Mail story 
That mentions me right in detail? What more can they say? This is dredging up all the lies in her deposition in 
more detail like it's new..god I hate them - WTF..so many more important things to talk about and stories that 
are real not made for money or fame.. 
Ok 
Keep me posted 
FACEBOOK chttps://www.facebook.com/TerraMarProject> - TWITTER 
<http://twitter.com/terramarproject> - G+ <https://plus.google.com/104195649525707945586/posts> -
PINTEREST <http://pinterest.com/terramarproject/> - INSTAGRAM 
<http://instagram.com/p/PhLoOKAVEq/> - PLEDGE <http://theterramarproject.org/#citizenship> - THE DAILY 
CATCH <http://theterramarproject.org/thedailycatch/ 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: Thursday, 3 April 2014 22:37 
To: G Maxwell 
Subject: Re: Fw: Daily Mail story 
Received the same weeks ago . The 
transcript 
On Thursday. April 3. 2014. G Maxwell < 
Hi there — what is this referencing 
Gx 
FACEBOOK <https://www.facebook.com/TerraMarProject>
TWITTER <http://twitter.com/terramarproject>
G+ <https://plus.google.com/10419564952570794SS86/oosts>
PINTEREST <http://pinterest.comiterramarprojectk 
INSTAGRAM http://instagram.com/theterramarproject>
PLEDGE <htto://theterramarproject.orgfikitizenshio>
THE DAILY CATCH <http://theterramarproject.org/thedailycatch/ 
From: gmax 
Date: Thursday, April 3, 2014 21:31 PM 
To: _I Jep 
Subject: Fw: Daily Mail story 
> wrote: 
FACEBOOK <https://www.facebook.com/TerraMarProiect> - TWITTER <http://twitter.com/terramarproiect> - G+ 
<https://plus.google.com/104195649S2S707945586/posts> - PINTEREST <http://pinterest.com/terramarproject/> - 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00117 
EFTA00590093
--- PAGE 50 ---
INSTAGRAM <http://instagram.com/p/PhLoOKAvEcii> - PLEDGE <http://theterramarprojectoreacitizenship> - THE DAILY 
CATCH <http://theterramarproject.org/thedailycatch/ 
From: Brett D. Jaffe 
Sent: Thursday, 3 April 2014 21:30 
To: G Maxwell 
Subject: Fwd: Daily Mail story 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "daniel bates" < 
To: "Brett D. Jaffe" 
Subject: Daily Mail story 
Hello 
I am a reporter with the Daily Mail newspaper and have been working on a story with 
my colleague Guy Adams in London. 
I understand that you represent Ghislaine Maxwell. 
I have left phone messages with you and Miss Maxwell but have not had any response. 
This is to let you know that we are going to report the details of the attached filing 
which was made in the case of Epstein vs Rothstein in the Palm Beach County Court. 
Under the new British Defamation Act we have privilege in the UK to report this filing, 
so long as we do so accurately and reflect any comment or reaction your client may 
have to it. 
For this reason I wanted to see if your client may wish to offer any comment on the 
version of events which it depicts. 
You can reach me at this email address or 
>. 
itchboard in the UK which is -= 
Thanks 
Daniel [h 
: 
r
AtiKitai Lgafan 
I 
r 
if] 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential. may be attorney-client privileged. may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00118 
EFTA00590094
--- PAGE 51 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notif us immediate) by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL GM_00119 
EFTA00590095

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590096.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590096.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 17TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 15-000072 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and PAUL G. 
CASSELL, 
Plaintiff/Counterclaim Defendants, 
- vs-
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant/Counterclaim Plaintiff. 
/ 
TRANSCRIPT OF PROCEEDINGS 
BEFORE 
THE HONORABLE THOMAS LYNCH 
Broward County Courthouse 
201 Southeast 6th Street 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
May 4th, 2016 
9:30 a.m. - 10:00 a.m. 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590096
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
APPEARANCES: 
For the Defendant: 
CHARLES LICHTMAN, ESQUIRE 
Berger Singerman, LLP 
350 East Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1000 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
For the Nonparty: 
SIGRID MCCAWLEY, ESQUIRE 
Boies Schiller & Flexner, LLP 
401 East Last Olas Boulevard, Suite 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590097
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
THEREUPON: 
MR. LICHTMAN: Good morning, Judge. Charles 
Lichtman of Berger Singerman. I'm here on behalf 
of Alan Dershowitz, defendant in this case. 
This is our motion to continue hearing and 
motion to strike the motion of nonparty 
motion for sanctions, and to be sure, all 
that we're really hearing today is our motion to 
strike, because the motion to continue hearing was 
moot from some time ago. 
There are some cases that are about money, and 
there are some cases, Your Honor, that are about 
much more, and this is one of those cases. This is 
a case about reputation, about two people's names, 
two lawyer's names, where their reputations are at 
stake. And reputations, not like money, are 
irreplaceable. 
And in this case, we have Mr. Dershowitz, my 
client, who is a world-renowned lawyer and legal 
scholar who was accused of some despicable crimes. 
On the other hand, we have Mr. Edwards and Mr. 
Cassell. 
I don't know Mr. Cassell. I know Mr. Edwards 
well. He's a great lawyer. He's also admittedly, 
and everybody knows it, a good friend. He has been. 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590098
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 
accused of libel, and you can say, tangentially, 
malpractice. To this day, you have two good men, 
both who are convinced to this moment that they 
were right about their respective positions and two 
men who are fighting hard to do -- make sure that 
there was no damage to their reputation. 
This Court knows this was a very hard fought 
case, and I started with the premise of this case 
is different, because we were fighting for 
reputation. It's not like fighting for $100,000 or 
whatever. 
Well, now the case is over. There was a 
confidential settlement agreement that was reached. 
It was an extraordinarily difficult process. I 
think you know a little bit about that process. 
But the most important thing is it is over. 
Everybody wanted it over. 
Mr. Edwards wanted it over, Mr. Cassell wanted 
it over, and Mr. Dershowitz wanted it over. 
Everyone wanted their lives back, and I think that 
if you were to talk to the parties, they would even 
use that expression to some extent. 
So the settlement which resolved on April 8th, 
2016, the parties jointly filed --
THE COURT: I read about it in the Boston 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590099
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 
Globe. 
MR. LICHTMAN: Okay. Well --
THE COURT: For real. I read something else 
in the New York Times one weekend. I learn things 
about my cases by reading it in the newspapers. 
MR. LICHTMAN: Well, actually, then the 
newspaper counts turned out to be a very, very 
complicating part of why we're here today. 
So on April 8th, 2016, a stipulation of 
dismissal with prejudice was filed by the parties. 
There was no reservation of jurisdiction in that 
stipulation, and that was an agreed upon 
stipulation, the language of which was stipulated 
to carefully. 
No reservation of jurisdiction by the parties 
for the present pending motion for sanctions. The 
case was dismissed with prejudice the moment of its 
filing. That divested the Court of subject matter 
jurisdiction. 
There is clear law under Rule 1.420 that the 
effectible plaintiff's voluntary dismissal is 
jurisdictional. There's a Florida Supreme Court 
case, Pino, P-I-N-O, versus Bank of New York. 
And in that case, the Court said that once a 
case is voluntarily dismissed, the trial court is 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590100
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 
divested of jurisdiction to continue the case. 
Now, the Court's exact quote was the voluntary 
dismissal serves to terminate the litigation to 
instantaneously divest the Court of its 
jurisdiction to enter or entertain further orders 
that would otherwise dispose of the case on the 
merits and preclude revival of the action. 
And then there are cites in my motion that 
cite to another Florida Supreme Court case and two 
Fourth DCA cases, all of which say the exact same 
thing. 
In our motion, we address the Whiteside case, 
which I think is extremely probative. That case 
involved a petition for writ of certiori involving 
discovery disputes and sanctions by a third party 
that was not in the lawsuit, a nonparty to the 
circuit court case. 
And in that case, the trial court entertained 
several motions and ultimately granted a motion for 
sanctions against the petitioner. It went up on 
appeal to the First DCA, and the First DCA held 
that, quote, one not a party to a case has no 
standing to request relief from the Court, and 
therefore, quote, the trial Court departed from the 
essential requirements of law. 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590101
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 7 
Our case is even better, because in this 
instance, the case was dismissed. To be sure Ms. 
, Ms. Guiffee never had standing to 
participate in this case. This was a two-party 
action based on defamation claims by Mr. Edwards 
and Mr. Cassell against Mr. Dershowitz and then the 
counterclaim for libel back against them. 
And this is guided now by Rule 1.210, which 
describes who can be a party in the lawsuit. It 
says all parties having an interest in the subject 
matter of the action and obtaining the relief 
demanded they join as plaintiffs. 
was not a nominal party, 
was 
not a proper party, 
was not a necessary 
party, or an indispensable party. And in each of 
those distinctions which I discuss in my brief, the 
concept focuses on their rights as they would be 
effected by a judgment, meaning where do they stand 
with respect to the merits. 
Similarly, Rule 1.230 deals with intervention, 
and anyone claiming an interest in litigation may 
be permitted to assert a right by intervention 
which shall be in subordination to and in 
recognition of the propriety of the main 
proceeding. 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590102
--- PAGE 8 ---
Page 8 
Ms. Guiffee never sought leave of court to 
intervene, never sought to become a proper party, 
whether it was as a plaintiff, as a defendant, as a 
third party. All she did was file a motion. No 
leave of court anywhere. And that motion has to 
identify, if it was to have been filed, the 
interest at stake that the would be intervener 
would assert. 
And then there's a whole body of case law that 
we also provided, including Florida Supreme Court 
case -- the Morshaw case, that under the general 
rule, one not a party does not have standing to 
request relief. 
So we get to the point of settlement, and 
post-settlement, there's a hearing that occurred on 
April 21st, 2016. I'm going to hand up to you an 
abstract of what occurred in this hearing. This is 
another one of these companion cases, 
Guiffee versus Gizlay Maxwell, United States 
District Court for the Southern District of New 
York, held in Federal court before the Judge 
Honorable Robert Sweet. 
Present at that hearing happened to be Ms. 
McCawley and Brad Edwards and Mr. Cassell. I will 
tell the Court I think you know I have a very 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590103
--- PAGE 9 ---
Page 9 
limited engagement, and that deals with this case. 
I don't know much about the Guiffee versus Maxwell 
case in Federal court there or any of the other 
pending litigation, but I do know what was said in 
plain language. 
And if you take a look at -- first off, the 
motion -- the matter that was before the Court was 
a motion for mission pro hac vice by Mr. Edward and 
Mr. Cassell. 
And the District Court spent the first 20 
something pages talking about how he was troubled 
by the issue of just allowing their right to appear 
pro hac vice right then and there because of issues 
going on in this case. That's what you can get 
from the transcript. And I'm happy to leave with 
you the full copy of the transcript, if you would 
like to read that. 
But to be sure, when you get to Page 25 after 
the judge has expressed all sorts of concerns, Ms. 
McCawley says Your Honor, one more thing. I didn't 
realize that my counsel can submit a stipulation to 
you because that case has been settled. That's our 
case. All right? 
Now, as you go through this, you'll see that 
the judge was very concerned about getting and 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590104
--- PAGE 10 ---
Page 1C 
understanding what happened in this case. And at 
one point on Page 26, there's a statement by Mr. 
Cassell that Mr. Edwards can briefly explain 
Florida procedure, and he says -- this is what 
Cassell says. The case has been dismissed but does 
not require a court signature. 
Then Mr. Edwards steps up, and Mr. Edwards 
recites the law that we all know, which is that the 
case is dismissed by stipulation by both parties 
and the defendants and counsel, and that was done, 
and the case was dismissed. 
And the Federal judge says that's filed in 
this case? Yes, it's filed in this case and in the 
court, and he says he's going to get a copy over 
immediately. Then it goes over to the next page. 
And this is really important. 
Mr. Edwards says just with respect to the 
affidavit -- because they were talking about an 
affidavit to clear up everything -- there needs to 
be an affirmation that we have no other claims that 
relate to the statements in this case. Is that 
what we're saying? 
And then the judge says he wants something to 
seem a little broader. At the bottom, he says --
Line 13 -- if I can get an affidavit saying that 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590105
--- PAGE 11 ---
Page 11 
you're unaware of any claims against you or any 
intention to make a claim arising out of the 
circumstances surrounding this lawsuit that should 
be brought. 
Well, Ms. McCawley was in the courtroom. Ms. 
McCawley did not say to the district judge, by the 
way, Your Honor, there is something you should 
know, you should know that we have a pending motion 
for sanctions. 
So from our perspective -- and Mr. Edwards and 
her were co-counsel, from our perspective, the 
matter is not resolved. But it doesn't matter, 
because the matter was resolved. She could have 
said it or not said it. The Florida law that we 
recited to makes it crystal clear that the case was 
settled. 
Now, when you look around, and, you know the 
old expression the empty chair, Mr. Edwards and Mr. 
Scarolla are not here for a reason. And I 
represent to you as an officer of the Court that I 
had numerous conversations with them about this, 
including extremely recently. 
They are not here today for a reason. They 
want this case done and over with. Mr. Edwards has 
other things to do with his life. He wants to get 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590106
--- PAGE 12 ---
Page 12 
on with it. Mr. Scarolla has stated very clearly, 
not taking a position. He doesn't want any part of 
this, either. 
And here's the reason why. You said that you 
read those newspaper articles. Well, the time 
period immediately after the execution of 
settlement papers was probably more intense than 
the time period leading up to the execution of 
settlement papers. 
A lot of stuff happened which I'm not going to 
get into. It's not that germane for right now 
except for the Court to know -- and this has been 
no secret, that if the Court was to decide for some 
reason that it wanted to hear this motion for 
sanctions, and I don't think you can and I don't 
think you should, that it will absolutely blow the 
lid off this settlement, and the following will 
happen. 
And I make this as a representation to the 
Court. There will be two arbitrations. There will 
be an arbitration by Edwards against Dershowitz, 
there will be an arbitration by Dershowitz against 
Edwards. There will be a sanctions motion filed 
against the Boies firm. 
If the motion disappears, that motion -- our 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590107
--- PAGE 13 ---
Page 13 
motion, our counter-motion, because then the Court 
well have subject jurisdiction, our counter-motion 
will not be filed. There will be potential 
sanctions against the lawyers on the other side 
that have been in this case. There will be bar 
grievances. 
Here's the point of where we're at, and it's 
why I started with the argument and the somewhat 
impassioned discussion that this is about 
reputation. People want to be done with this. Ms. 
McCawley has no role in this case. 
Mr. Edwards, the person that would be most 
impacted by this, is not here today, and it's for a 
reason. He wants to get on with the good work that 
he's otherwise doing against Mr. Epstein, and he 
should. 
Mr. Dershowitz wants this done, as well. 
That's why there has been radio silence for the 
last two weeks now. I urge you to please follow 
the Florida law, consider this matter closed and 
dismissed. Thank you. 
THE COURT: Thank you. Yes, ma'am? 
MS. MCCAWLEY: Very quickly, because I know we 
don't have much time. Your Honor, Sigrid McCawley 
on behalf of Ms. Guiffee. 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590108
--- PAGE 14 ---
Page 14 
Mr. Lichtman has done a nice job at trying to 
muddy the waters, but what's very clear here, Your 
Honor, is that you always have jurisdiction to 
enforce any of your orders. That never goes away, 
whether it be by a voluntary stipulation of 
dismissal or otherwise. That's the Erickson case, 
which is a First DCA case. 
And more importantly, the Whippey case, which 
is 961 So. 2d 349. If I could bring Your Honor a 
bench book to follow along with my argument? 
THE COURT: Sure. 
MS. MCCAWLEY: Thank you. 
THE COURT: Is it different than the one I 
have? 
MS. MCCAWLEY: It is, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MS. MCCAWLEY: Because the voluntary dismissal 
came up after our briefing. So the one thing I 
want to clear up is this representation, which I 
believe is a misrepresentation of what happened 
before Judge Sweet. What was being addressed there 
is --
THE COURT: Is that the judge in New York? 
MS. MCCAWLEY: Yes, right. So the 
representation that was made there is exactly what 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590109
--- PAGE 15 ---
Page 15 
is the fact here, and that's that the party did 
file a stipulation of dismissal in this case. I'm 
not disputing that, and I don't dispute that -- I 
didn't dispute that at that hearing. That is what 
has occurred. 
What I dispute is that that stipulation of 
dismissal does anything to take away my client's 
ability to be able to move forward with what Your 
Honor issued, the seal order, which was then 
violated, and we have a motion for sanctions and a 
motion to strike that seal order pending. 
Just to go back and give you the history 
quickly, as you'll remember, you mentioned reading 
the article. 
On Friday, December 11th, Mr. Dershowitz --
and before I get into that, I just want to address 
the threats and the bar agreements as it was, you 
know, mentioned here by Mr. Lichtman. 
MR. LICHTMAN: They are not threats. 
MS. MCCAWLEY: Well, that's fine. The point 
is to say that in open court as if that's supposed 
to dissuade the Judge from making a ruling on the 
law and the merits is inappropriate, in my view. 
But the threats have been ongoing. I mean, 
Mr. Dershowitz filed a motion, as you'll remember, 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590110
--- PAGE 16 ---
Page 16 
over objections attaching an affidavit purporting 
to spew misrepresentations about settlement 
discussions, and then served it to the New York 
Times. 
We got here as quickly as we could filing an 
emergency motion to try to stop that, and the New 
York Times had published the article by the next 
day. 
Your Honor, you will remember that we had a 
hearing before you pretty quickly on December 18th, 
and you found that those were -- you made a finding 
that those were confidential settlement 
discussions, and he should not have been revealing 
those in any manner. 
And so you sealed it. They asked for more 
time. The only reason you didn't rule on my motion 
for sanctions that day is because they asked for 
more time to be able to brief the motion for 
sanctions which included the motion to strike that 
affidavit, because we were seeking the relief of 
having it stricken. So you temporarily sealed that 
pend ing hearing the motion. 
Now, you'll remember, Your Honor, as well, 
that at that hearing, I was concerned about Mr. 
Dershowitz continuing to say these things, and 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590111
--- PAGE 17 ---
Page 17 
whether his counsel could control him. And Mr. 
Saffer, you said, Your Honor, in that transcript, 
and that's in your -- the PowerPoint I have for 
you. You said I think he understands that he needs 
to stop doing this. 
And Mr. Saffer said yes, I'll advise him that 
he needs to stop doing this. Just a few weeks 
later during his deposition -- and I'm not going to 
say it in open court because it's sealed -- but 
you'll see it in highlight, it was in the redacted 
motion that we filed, he revealed again and 
attempted to put into the public statements that 
occurred during those settlement discussions. 
So that's after Your Honor told him not to do 
it and you sealed the motion. 
THE COURT: I know, but is that truly the 
issue that we're dealing with today? 
MS. MCCAWLEY: It is, Your Honor, because what 
they are saying is that this -- your jurisdiction 
has evaporated. And what I'm saying is that's not 
the case. You always have jurisdiction to enforce 
one of your orders. You always have jurisdiction 
over that. 
So they cannot -- there's standing for a 
nonparty to be able to invoke that jurisdiction, 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590112
--- PAGE 18 ---
Page 18 
particularly here where Mr. Dershowitz is the one 
who subpoenaed her into this case. So she's not a 
party, but he subpoenaed her, then engaged in these 
discussions with her and her counsel, and then 
violated those discussions and is now saying Your 
Honor, you can't touch this issue, you can't 
control your own courtroom or discovery or any of 
those issues that go on because she doesn't have 
standing. That's not correct, Your Honor. 
And we pointed to cases in our brief. You'll 
see a number of cases in the 11th Circuit, for 
example, where when you're dealing with a Rule 11 
issue, you have jurisdiction. You'll see the 
Sweetwater case which discusses jurisdiction in our 
briefing. You'll see that the Florida rules of 
judicial administration allow you to have a 
nonparty label something confidential. 
So to say that you can't then control that 
confidentiality is simply wrong. In fact, the case 
that my colleague here cites, which is the 
Whiteside case actually has a provision in it where 
it says if it's a protective order, there's an 
exception to the rule, confidentiality, and you can 
then enforce your orders, Your Honor. 
So there's two things here. You did the right 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590113
--- PAGE 19 ---
Page 19 
thing. You sealed the order correctly, and now you 
have the power to continue to enforce that order 
and violations of that order and hear those things 
regardless of whether the case has been dismissed. 
My colleague did a nice job trying to say well, the 
parties are over. This is done and over with. 
But you'll remember, Your Honor, Mr. 
Dershowitz called my client in the press a 
prostitute, a bad mother, and a liar. Then, he 
spewed again confidential settlement discussions 
with that same goal of getting that information 
into the press. 
It's simply wrong to say that you cannot 
control your courtroom, that you cannot control the 
parties that were actionable in this manner when 
they are abusing a nonparty. It's simply wrong, 
Your Honor. 
So I submit to you that we have given you the 
cases -- the Erickson case particularly, and the 
Whippey case. Those are in your binder. You did 
hear from my colleague here about the issue of 
intervention. 
We don't believe that's necessary, but to the 
extent that the Court found that there needed to be 
some intervention in this action, the Lewis case, 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590114
--- PAGE 20 ---
Page 20 
which is 499 So. 2d 905. That's a First DCA case. 
That allows for intervention. That's in the pocket 
of your binder. It allows for intervention even 
after a case has been resolved if a nonparty is 
being effected by that case. 
She's clearly effected here, Your Honor. 
She -- but you don't even need to go there, because 
you're able to control your courtroom at any time 
and you have jurisdiction at any time over any of 
your prior orders. 
So Your Honor, I submit to you that you have 
the authority to hear this issue, that you should 
hear this issue because it's a violation of justice 
to allow a party to engage in this kind of behavior 
and not have to face the Court when it comes time 
to hear that. They have done a great job at 
delaying this. 
You'll see that, you know, we had this set a 
number of times. There have been numerous counsel 
that Dershowitz had, strategically, in my view now, 
in hindsight, pushed this off. And even when we 
had it a couple weeks ago, before the dismissal was 
on file, again pushed this by filing a continuance 
with new counsel. 
So, you know, Mr. Dershowitz is a lawyer, 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590115
--- PAGE 21 ---
Page 21 
himself. He's very savvy. He knew exactly what he 
was doing here. He did it for the reason to try to 
harm my client publicly, to try to create an 
impression of the public that would help him in 
this matter and other matters, and Your Honor, he 
should be sanctioned for his conduct. 
That affidavit that contains those falsities 
should be stricken from the record, and that's the 
relief we're requesting. 
MR. LICHTMAN: Very brief rebuttal, Judge. 
THE COURT: Sure. 
MR. LICHTMAN: Justice? Whose justice is 
counsel seeking today? Not justice for the Court, 
justice for her, justice for her client. Not 
justice for Mr. Edwards and not Mr. Dershowitz, who 
agreed to this settlement. 
Your Honor has been on the bench a long time. 
You have had many outstanding orders on discovery 
issues that get resolved by settlement of the case. 
How many times have you seen an issue where there 
has been a third party, not someone who has been 
properly brought into the case that goes to the 
point of getting an order from you. 
That probably should have been raised before I 
was in the case. It wasn't, but it's being timely 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590116
--- PAGE 22 ---
Page 22 
raised now. That order should have never been 
entered without her following procedural niceties. 
The case was dismissed with prejudice. The case 
should be over. Let everybody go in peace, Your 
Honor. 
This is within your discretion, for sure. 
Give the parties what they bargained for and let 
them move on. 
THE COURT: All right. I'm going to reserve 
ruling. I should be able to get word to you pretty 
quickly. 
MS. MCCAWLEY: Thank you, Your Honor. We're 
on your special set for next Thursday, the 12th --
I'm sorry, the --
THE COURT: A week from tomorrow. 
MS. MCCAWLEY: Yes. 
THE COURT: I'll definitely get word to you 
before then. I will likely get word to you by the 
end of the week. 
MS. MCCAWLEY: Thank you very much. 
MR. LICHTMAN: Two things, Your Honor. First, 
may I hand up a proposed order? 
THE COURT: Sure. I'll take a look at what 
you have. 
MR. LICHTMAN: And second, I'll alert you now, 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590117
--- PAGE 23 ---
Page 23 
virtually, no one is available on the 12th. We 
would have to take Mr. Moyas's deposition, we have 
to take Mr. Edowitz's deposition 
MS. MCCAWLEY: Your Honor, we've cleared that 
date. I mean, we've had that special set for 
months. 
MR. LICHTMAN: We cleared that date subject to 
this. 
THE COURT: Well, I'll tell you what. The 
good thing is I've got the time to read everything, 
and I'll let you all know. 
MS. MCCAWLEY: Great. Thank you, Your Honor. 
MR. LICHTMAN: Thank you very much. 
THE COURT: Take care. 
(Thereupon, the proceeding was concluded.) 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590118
--- PAGE 24 ---
Page 24 
CERTIFICATE OF COURT REPORTER 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF BROWARD 
I, JANIS TIERNEY, a Court Reporter in and 
for the State of Florida at Large, do hereby certify 
that I was authorized to and did report the proceedings 
in the above-styled cause before the Honorable THOMAS 
LYNCH, at the time and place set forth; that the 
foregoing pages, numbered from 1 through 23, inclusive, 
constitute a true and complete record of my notes. 
I further certify that I am not an 
attorney or counsel of any of the parties, not related 
to any of the parties, nor financially interested in the 
actions. 
Dated this 4th day of May, 2016. 
JANIS TIERNEY 
COURT REPORTER 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590119
--- PAGE 25 ---
Page 25 
A 
a.m (2) 1:23,23 
ability (1) 15:8 
able (5) 15:8 16:18 
17:25 20:8 22:10 
above-styled (1) 
24:11 
absolutely (1) 12:16 
abstract (1) 8:17 
abusing (1) 19:16 
accused (2) 3:204:1 
action (4) 6:77:5.11 
19:25 
actionable (1) 19:15 
actions (1) 24:18 
address (2) 6:12 
15:16 
addressed (1) 14:21 
administration (1) 
18:16 
admittedly (1) 3:24 
advise (1) 17:6 
affidavit (6) 10:18,19 
10:25 16:120 21:7 
affirmation (1) 10:20 
ago (2) 3:10 20:22 
agreed (2) 5:12 21:16 
agreement (I) 4:13 
agreements (I) 15:17 
Alan (2) 1:8 3:4 
alert (1) 22:25 
alio%) 121 18:16 20:14 
Aiming (I) 9:12 
allows (2) 20:2,3 
appeal (1) 6:21 
appear (1) 9:12 
APPEARANCES (1) 
2:1 
April (3) 4:23 5:9 
8:16 
arbitration (2) 12:21 
pfn 
arbitrations (1) 12:20 
argument (2) 13:8 
14:10 
arising (1) 11:2 
article (2) 15:14 16:7 
articles (I) 12:5 
asked (2) 16:15,17 
assert (2) 7:22 8:8 
attaching (I) 16:1 
attempted (I) 17:12 
attorney (1) 24:16 
authority (I) 20:12 
authorized (I) 24:10 
available (1) 23:1 
B 
back (3)4:20 7:7 
15:12 
bad (1) 19:9 
Bank (1) 5:23 
bar (2) 13:5 15:17 
bargained (1) 22:7 
based (I) 7:5 
behalf (2) 3:3 13:25 
behavior (I) 20:14 
believe (2) 14:20 
19:23 
bench (2) 14:1021:17 
Berger (2) 2:5 3:3 
better (1) 7:1 
binder (2) 19:2020:3 
bit (1) 4:15 
blow (1) 12:16 
body (I) 8:9 
Boies (2) 2:11 12:24 
book (I) 14:10 
Boston (I) 4:25 
bottom (1) 10:24 
Boulevard (2) 2:6,12 
Brad (I) 8:24 
BRADLEY (1) 1:4 
brief (4) 7:16 16:18 
18:1021:10 
briefing (2) 14:18 
18:15 
briefly (1) 10:3 
bring (1) 14:9 
broader (I) 10:24 
brought (2) 11:4 
21:22 
Broward (3) 1:1,16 
24:5 
C 
called (1) 19:8 
care (I) 2114 
carefully (I) 5:14 
case (62) 1:2 3:4,14 
3:18 4:8,8,12 5:17 
5:23,24,25 6:1,6,9 
6:12,13,17,18,22 
7:1,2,4 8:9,11,11 
9:1.3.14.22.23 10:1 
10:5.9.11.13.13,21 
11:15.24 13:5.11 
14:6,7.8 15:2 17:21 
18:2,14,19,21 19:4 
19:19,20,25 20:1,4 
20:5 21:19,22,25 
22:3.3 
cases (9) 3:11,12,13 
5:5 6:10 8:18 18:10 
18:11 19:19 
Cassell (9) 1:4 3:22 
3:23 4:18 7:6 8:24 
9:9 10:3,5 
cause (I) 24:I I 
CERTIFICATE (I) 
24:1 
certify (2) 24:9,15 
certiori (1) 6:14 
chair (1) 11:18 
Charles (2) 2:4 3:2 
circuit (4) 1:1,1 6:17 
18:11 
circumstances (1) 
11:3 
cite (I) 6:9 
cites (2) 6:8 18:20 
claim (I) 11:2 
claiming (I) 7:21 
claims (3) 7:5 10:20 
11:1 
clear (5) 5:20 10:19 
11:15 14:2,19 
cleared (2) 23:4,7 
clearly (2) 12:1 20:6 
client (4) 3:19 19:8 
21:3,14 
client's (I) 15:7 
closed (1) 13:20 
co-counsel (1) 11:11 
colleague (3) 18:20 
19:5.21 
comes (1) 20:15 
companion (1) 8:18 
complete (I) 24:14 
complicating (1) 5:8 
concept (I) 7:17 
concerned (2) 9:25 
16:24 
concerns (1) 9:19 
concluded (I) 23:15 
conduct (1) 21:6 
confidential (4) 4:13 
16:12 18:17 19:10 
confidentiality (2) 
18:19.23 
consider (1) 13:20 
constitute (I) 24:14 
contains (1) 21:7 
continuance (I) 
20:23 
continue (4) 3:5,9 6:1 
19:2 
continuing (1) 16:25 
control (6) 17:1 18:7 
18:18 19:14,14 
20:8 
conversations (I) 
11:21 
convinced (1)4:3 
copy (2) 9:16 11114 
correct (I) 18:9 
correctly (I) 19:1 
counsel (8) 9:21 
10:10 17:1 18:4 
20:19,24 21:13 
24:16 
counter-motion (2) 
13:1.2 
counterclahn (1) 7:7 
counts (1) 5:7 
County (3) 1:1,16 
24:5 
couple (1) 20:22 
court (51) 1:1 4:7,25 
5:3,1822,24,25 6:4 
6:9.17.18,23,24 8:1 
8:5.1020,21,25 9:3 
9:7.10 10:6.14 
11:20 12:12.1320 
13:1,22 14:11.13,16 
14:23 15:21 17:9 
17:16 19:24 20:15 
21:11,1322:9.15,17 
22:23 23:9,1424:1 
24:825 
Court's (1) 6:2 
Courthouse (1) 1:16 
courtroom (4) 11:5 
18:7 19:1420:8 
create (1) 21:3 
crimes (1) 3:20 
crystal (1) 11:15 
D 
damage (1)4:6 
date (2) 23:5,7 
Dated (I) 24:20 
day (4) 4:2 16:8,17 
24:20 
DCA (5) 6:10,21,21 
14:7 20:1 
dealing (2) 17:17 
18:12 
deals (2) 7:20 9:1 
December (2) 15:15 
16:10 
decide (I) 12:13 
defamation (1)7:5 
defendant (3) 2:3 3:4 
8:3 
Defendant/Counter... 
1:9 
defendants (2) 1:5 
10:10 
definitely (1) 22:17 
delaying (I) 20:17 
demanded (1) 7:12 
departed (1) 6:24 
deposition (3) 17:8 
23:2,3 
Dershowitz (16) 1:8 
3:4.18 4:197:6 
12:21,22 13:17 
15:15,25 16:25 
18:1 19:8 20:20,25 
21:15 
describes (1) 7:9 
despicable (1) 3:20 
different (2) 4:9 
14:13 
difficult (1) 4:14 
disappears (1) 12:25 
discovery (3) 6:15 
18:7 21:18 
discretion (1) 22:6 
discuss (1)7:16 
discusses (1) 18:14 
discussion (1) 13:9 
discussions (6) 16:3 
16:13 17:13 18:4.5 
19:10 
dismissal (8) 5:10,21 
6:3 14:6,17 15:2.7 
20:22 
dismissed (9) 5:17.25 
7:2 10:5.9.11 13:21 
19:4 22:3 
dispose (1) 6:6 
dispute (3) 15:3,4.6 
disputes (I) 6:15 
disputing (1) 15:3 
dissuade (1) 15:22 
distinctions (I) 7:16 
district (4) 8:20,20 
9:10 11:6 
divest (1) 6:4 
divested (2) 5:18 6:1 
doing (4) 13:15 17:5 
17:7 21:2 
E 
East (2) 2:6,12 
Edowitz's (1) 23:3 
Edward (1) 9:8 
Edwards (17) 1:4 
3:212.3 4:187:5 
8:24 10:3,7,7,17 
11:10,18,24 12:21 
12:23 13:12 21:15 
effected (3) 7:18 20:5 
20:6 
effectible (I) 5:21 
either (1) 12:3 
emergency (1) 16:6 
empty (1) 11:18 
enforce (4) 14:4 
17:21 18:24 19:2 
engage (1) 20:14 
engaged (I) 18:3 
engagement (1) 9:1 
enter (I) 6:5 
entered (I) 22:2 
entertain (I) 6:5 
entertained (I) 6:18 
Epstein (I) 13:15 
Erickson (2) 14:6 
19:19 
ESQUIRE (2) 2:4,10 
essential (1) 6:25 
evaporated (I) 17:20 
everybody (3) 3:25 
4:17 22:4 
exact (2) 6:2,10 
exactly (2) 14:25 21:1 
example (1) 18:12 
exception (I) 18:23 
execution (2) 12:6.8 
explain (1) 10:3 
expressed (1) 9:19 
expression (2) 4:22 
11:18 
extent (2) 4:22 19.24 
extraordinarily (11 
4:14 
extremely (2) 6:13 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590120
--- PAGE 26 ---
Page 
11:22 
F 
face (1) 20:15 
fact (2) 15:1 18:19 
falsities (1) 21:7 
Federal (3) 8:21 9:3 
10:12 
fighting (3) 4:5,9,10 
file (3) 8:4 15:2 20:23 
tiled (9)4:24 5:10 8:6 
10:12,13 12:23 
13:3 15:25 17:11 
Filing (3) 5:18 16:5 
20:23 
financially (1) 24:17 
finding (1) 16:11 
tine (1) 15:20 
firm (1) 12:24 
first (7) 6:2121 9:6 
9:10 14:7 20:1 
22:21 
Flexner (1) 2:11 
Florida (13) 1:1,18 
2:7,13 5:22 6:9 
8:10 10:4 11:14 
13:20 18:15 24:3.9 
Focuses (1)7:17 
Follow (2) 13:19 
14:10 
following (2) 12:17 
222 
Foregoing (1) 24:13 
Fort (3) 1:18 2:7,13 
Forth (I) 24:12 
Forward (1) 15:8 
Fought (I) 4:7 
Found (2) 16:11 19:24 
Fourth (1) 6:10 
Friday (1) 15:15 
Friend (I) 3:25 
Full (1) 9:16 
further (2) 6:5 24:15 
C 
(1) 1:4 
general (I) 8:11 
germane (1) 12:11 
getting (3) 9:25 19:1 1 
21:23 
give (2) 15:12 22:7 
given (1) 19:18 
Gizlay (1) 8:19 
Globe (1) 5:1 
go (5) 9:24 15:12 18:8 
20:7 22:4 
goal (1) 19:11 
goes (3) 10:15 14:4 
21:22 
going (6) 8:16 9:14 
10:14 12:10 17:8 
22:9 
good (5)3:2,25 4:2 
13:14 23:10 
granted (1) 6:19 
great (3) 3:24 20:16 
23:12 
grievances (1) 13:6 
guided (1) 7:8 
Galilee (5) 7:3 8:1,19 
9:2 13:25 
H 
hac (2) 9:8,13 
hand (3) 3:21 8:16 
22:22 
happen (1) 12:18 
happened (4) 8:23 
10:1 12:10 14:20 
happy (1) 9:15 
hard (2)4:5,7 
harm (1) 21:3 
hear (6) 12:14 19:3 
19:21 20:12,13,16 
hearing (10) 3:5,8,9 
8:15.17.23 15:4 
16:10.22.24 
held (2) 6:21 8:21 
help (1) 21:4 
highlight (1) 17:10 
hindsight (1) 20:21 
history (1) 15:12 
Honor (27) 3:12 9:20 
11:7 13:24 14:3,9 
14:15 15:9 16:9,23 
17:2,14,18 18:6,9 
18:24 19:7,17 20:6 
20:11 21:5,17 22:5 
22:12.21 23:4,12 
Honorable (3) 1:14 
8:22 24:1 I 
I 
Identify (I) 8:6 
immediately (2) 
10:15 12:6 
Impacted (1) 13:13 
impassioned (1) 13:9 
Important (2) 4:16 
10:16 
importantly (I) 14:8 
impression (1) 21:4 
inappropriate (I) 
15:23 
included (1) 16:19 
including (2) 8:10 
I:// 
inclusive (1) 24:13 
indispensable (1) 
7:15 
information (I) 19: I I 
ing (1) 16:22 
instance (1) 7:2 
instantaneously (1) 
6:4 
intense (1) 12:7 
intention (1) 11:2 
interest (3) 7:10,21 
8:7 
interested (1) 24:17 
intervene (I) 8:2 
intervener (I) 8:7 
intervention (6) 7:20 
7:22 19:22.25 20:2 
20:3 
invoke (I) 17:25 
involved (I) 6:14 
involving (1) 6:14 
irreplaceable (1) 3:17 
issue (8) 9:12 17:17 
18:6.13 19:21 
20:12.13 21:20 
issued (I) 15:9 
issues (3) 9:13 18:8 
21:19 
J 
J (I) 1:4 
JAMS (2) 24:8,24 
job (3) 14:1 19:5 
20:16 
join (I) 7:12 
jointly (1) 4:24 
judge (11) 3:2 8:21 
9:19.25 11112,23 
11:6 14:21,23 
15:22 21:10 
judgment (1)7:18 
judicial (2) 1:1 l8:16 
jurisdiction (14) 5:11 
5:15.19 6:1.5 13:2 
14:3 17:19.21.22,25 
18:13.14 20:9 
Jurisdictional (1) 
5:22 
justice (7) 20:13 
21:12.1113,14,14 
21:15 
K 
kind (1) 20:14 
knew (1) 21:1 
know (17) 3:23,23 
4:15 8:25 9:2,4 
10:8 11:8,8,17 
12:12 13:23 15:18 
17:16 20:18,25 
23:11 
knows (2) 3:25 4:7 
L 
label (1) 18:17 
language (2) 5:13 9:5 
Large (I) 24:9 
Las (1) 2:6 
Lauderdale (3) 1:18 
2.7.13 
law (7) 5:20 6:25 8:9 
10:8 11:14 13:20 
15:23 
lawsuit (3) 6:167:9 
11:3 
lawyer (3) 3:19,24 
20:25 
lawyer's (1) 3:15 
lawyers (1) 13:4 
leading (1) 12:8 
learn (1) 5:4 
leave (3) 8:1,5 9:15 
legal (1) 3:19 
Lewis (1) 19:25 
liar (1) 19:9 
libel (2)4:1 7:7 
Lichtman (14) 2:4 
3:2,3 5:2,6 14:1 
15:18,19 21:10,12 
22:21,25 23:7,13 
lid (I) 12:17 
life (1) 11:25 
limited (1) 9:1 
Line (1) 10:25 
litigation (3) 6:3 7:21 
9:4 
little (2) 4:15 10:24 
lives (1) 4:20 
LLP (2) 2:5,11 
long (1) 21:17 
look (3) 9:6 11:17 
22:23 
lot (I) 12:10 
LYNCH (2) 1:14 
24:12 
M 
M (1) 1:8 
ma'am (1) 13:22 
main (1) 7:24 
making (I) 15:22 
malpractice (1) 4:2 
manner (2) 16:14 
19:15 
nuttier (8) 5:18 7:11 
9:7 11:12,12,13 
13:20 21:5 
matters (1) 21:5 
Maxwell (2) 8:19 9:2 
McCawley (19) 2:10 
8:24 9:20 11:5.6 
13:11,23,24 14:12 
14:15,17,24 15:20 
17:18 22:12,16,20 
23:4.12 
mean (2) 15:24 23:5 
meaning (1)7:18 
men (2)4:2,5 
mentioned (2) 15:13 
15:18 
merits (3) 6:7 7:19 
15:23 
misrepresentation (... 
14:20 
misrepresentations... 
16:2 
mission (1) 9:8 
moment (2)4:3 5:17 
money (2) 3:11.16 
months (I) 23:6 
moot (I) 3:10 
morning (I) 3:2 
Morshaw (I) 8:11 
mother (1) 19:9 
motion (30) 3:5,6,6.7 
3:8.9 5:16 6:8,12 
6:19 8:4.5 9:7.8 
11:8 12:14.23.25.25 
13:1 15:10.1125 
16:6.16.18.19,22 
17:11.15 
motions (I) 6:19 
move (2) 15:8 22:8 
Moyas's (1) 23:2 
muddy (1) 14:2 
names (2) 3:14,15 
necessary (2) 7:14 
19:23 
need (1) 20:7 
needed (1) 19:24 
needs (3) 10:19 17:4 
17:7 
never (5) 7:3 8:1,2 
14:4 22:1 
new (7) 5:4,23 8:20 
14:23 16:3,6 20:24 
newspaper (2) 5:7 
12:5 
newspapers (1) 5:5 
nice (2) 14:1 19:5 
niceties (1) 22:2 
nominal (1) 7:13 
nonparty (7) 2:9 3:6 
6:16 17:25 18:17 
19:16 20:4 
notes (I) 24:14 
number (2) 18:11 
20:19 
numbered (1) 24:13 
numerous (2) 11:21 
20:19 
objections (1) 16:1 
obtaining (I) 7:11 
occurred (4) 8:15.17 
15:5 17:13 
officer (1) 11:20 
Okay (2) 5:2 14:16 
Olas (2) 2:6.12 
old (1) 11:18 
once (I) 5:24 
ongoing (I) 15:24 
open (2) 15:21 17:9 
order (9) 15:9,11 
18:22 19:1,2,3 
21:23 22:1,22 
orders (6) 6:5 14:4 
17:22 18:24 20:10 
21:18 
outstanding (1) 21:18 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590121
--- PAGE 27 ---
Page 
P 
P-1-N-O (1) 5:23 
page (3) 9:18 10:2,15 
pages (2)9:11 24:13 
papers (2) 12:7,9 
pan (2) 5:8 12:2 
participate (1) 7:4 
particularly (2) 18:1 
19:19 
parties (11) 4:21,2A 
5:10,15 7:10 10:9 
19:6,15 22:7 24:16 
24:17 
party (14) 6:15,22 7:9 
7:13,14,15,15 8:2,4 
8:12 15:1 18:3 
20:14 21:21 
PAUL (I) 1:4 
peace (1) 22:4 
pond (I) 16:22 
pending (4) 5:16 9:4 
11:8 15:11 
People (1) 13:10 
people's (1) 3:14 
period (2) 12:6,8 
permitted (1)7:22 
person (1) 13:12 
perspective (2) 11:10 
11:11 
petition (1) 6:14 
petitioner (1) 6:20 
Pino (1) 5:23 
place (1)24:12 
plain (1) 9:5 
plaintiff (2) 1:9 8:3 
plaintiff's (1) 5:21 
Plaintift/Countercl... 
1:5 
plaintiffs (1) 7:12 
please (1) 13:19 
pocket (1) 20:2 
point (5) 8:14 10:2 
13:7 15:20 21:23 
pointed (1) 18:10 
position (I) 12:2 
positions (1) 4:4 
post-settlement (1) 
8.15 
potential (I) 13:3 
power (1) 19:2 
PowerPoint (I) 17:3 
preclude (1) 6:7 
prejudice (3) 5:10,17 
22:3 
premise (1)4:8 
present (2) 5:16 8:23 
press (2) 19:8,12 
pretty (2) 16:10 
22:10 
prior (I) 20:10 
pro (2) 9:8,13 
probably (2) 12:7 
21:24 
probative (1) 6:13 
procedural (1) 22:2 
procedure (1) 10:4 
proceeding (2) 7:25 
23:15 
proceedings (2) 1:12 
24:10 
process (2) 4:14,15 
proper (2) 7:14 8:2 
properly (1) 21:22 
proposed (I) 22:22 
propriety (1) 7:24 
prostitute (1) 19:9 
protective (I) 18:22 
provided (1) 8:10 
provision (1) 18:21 
public (2) 17:1221:4 
publicly (I) 21:3 
published (I) 16:7 
purporting (1) 16:1 
pushed (2) 20:21,23 
put (1) 17:12 
_ 
quickly (5) 13:23 
15:13 16:5,10 
22:11 
quote (3) 6:2,22,24 
It 
radio (I) 13:18 
raised (2) 21:24 22:1 
reached (1) 4:13 
read (5) 4:25 5:3 9:17 
12:5 23:10 
reading (2) 5:5 15:13 
real (I) 5:3 
realize (1) 9:21 
really (2) 3:8 10:16 
reason (7) 11:19,23 
12:4.14 13:14 
16:1621:2 
rebuttal (1)21:10 
recited (I) 11:15 
recites (I) 10:8 
recognition (I) 7:24 
record (2) 21:8 24:14 
redacted (1) 17:10 
regardless (1) 19:4 
relate (I) 10:21 
related (I) 24:16 
relief (5) 6:23 7:11 
8:13 16:20 21:9 
remember (5) 15:13 
15:25 16:9,23 19:7 
report (1) 24:10 
Reporter (3) 24:1,8 
24:25 
represent (1) 11:20 
representation (3) 
12:19 14:19,25 
reputation (4) 3:14 
4:6.10 13:10 
reputations (2) 3:15 
3:16 
request (2)6:23 8:13 
requesting (I) 21:9 
require (I) 10:6 
requirements (I) 
6:25 
reservation (2) 5:11 
5:15 
reserve (1) 22:9 
resolved (5) 4:23 
11:12,13 20:4 
21:19 
respect (2) 7:19 10:17 
respective (1) 4:4 
revealed (1) 17:11 
revealing (1) 16:13 
revival (1) 6:7 
right (9)4:4 7:22 
9:12,13,23 12:11 
14:24 18:25 22:9 
rights (I) 7:17 
Robert I) 8:22 
(5) 3:7 7:3 
7:13.13.14 
role (I) 13:11 
rule (7) 5:207:8,20 
8:12 16:16 18:12 
18:23 
rules (1) 18:15 
ruling (2) 15:22 
22:10 
S 
Salter (2) 17:2,6 
sanctioned (1) 21:6 
sanctions (11) 3:7 
5:16 6:15,20 11:9 
12:15.23 13:4 
[5:10 16:17,19 
savvy (1) 21:i 
saying (5) 10:22,25 
17:19.20 18:5 
says (10) 7:10 9:20 
10:45.12,14,17,23 
10:24 18:22 
Scarolla (2) 11:19 
12:1 
Schiller (1) 2:11 
scholar (1) 3:20 
seal (2) 15:9,11 
sealed (5) 16:15,21 
17:9,15 19:1 
second (1) 22:25 
secret (I) l2:13 
see (6) 9:24 17:10 
18:11,13,15 20:18 
seeking (2) 16:20 
21:13 
seen (1) 21:20 
served (1) ICK3 
serves (1) 6:3 
set (4) 20:18 22:13 
23:5 24:12 
settled (2) 9:22 11:16 
settlement (12) 4:13 
4:23 8:14 12:7.9.17 
16:2,12 17:13 
19:10 21:16,19 
side (1) 13:4 
signature (1) 10:6 
Sigrid (2) 2:10 13:24 
silence (1) 13:18 
Similarly (1) 7:20 
simply (3) 18:19 
19:13.16 
Singerman (2) 2:5 
3:3 
somewhat (1) 13:8 
sorry (1) 22:14 
sorts (1) 9:19 
sought (2) 8:1,2 
Southeast (1) 1:17 
Southern (1) 8:20 
special (2) 22:13 23:5 
spent (1) 9:10 
spew (1) 16:2 
spewed (1) 19:10 
stake (2) 3:16 8:7 
stand (1)7:18 
standing (5)6:23 7:3 
8:12 17:24 18:9 
started (2)4:8 13:8 
State (2) 24:3,9 
stated (1) 12:1 
statement (1) 10:2 
statements (2) 10:21 
17:12 
States (1) 8:19 
steps (1) 10:7 
stipulated (I) 5:13 
stipulation (8) 5:9,12 
5:13 9:21 10:9 14:5 
15:2,6 
stop (3) 16:6 17:5,7 
strategically (I) 
20:20 
Street (1) 1:17 
stricken (2) 16:21 
21:8 
strike (4) 3:6,9 15:11 
16:19 
stuff (1) 12:10 
subject (4) 5:18 7:10 
13:2 23:7 
submit (3) 9:21 19:18 
20:11 
subordination (1) 
7:23 
subpoenaed (2) 18:2 
18:3 
Suite (2) 2:6,12 
supposed (1) 15:21 
Supreme (3) 5:22 6:9 
8:10 
sure (8) 3:7 4:5 7:2 
9:18 14:11 21:11 
22:6.23 
surrounding (1) 11:3 
Sweet (2) 8:22 14:21 
Sweetwater) 18:14 
T 
take (6) 9:6 15:7 
22:23 23:2,3,14 
talk (1) 4:21 
talking (2) 9:11 10:18 
tangentially (I) 4:1 
tell (2) 8:25 23:9 
temporarily (1) 16:21 
terminate (1) 6:3 
Thank (7) 13:21,22 
14:12 22:12.20 
23:12,13 
thing (6)4:16 6:11 
9:20 14:18 19:1 
23:10 
things (6) 5:4 11:25 
16:25 18:25 19:3 
/7:21 
think (7) 4:15,20 6:13 
8:25 12:15,16 17:4 
third (3) 6:15 8:4 
21:21 
THOMAS (2) 1:14 
24:11 
threats (3) 15:17,19 
15:24 
Thursday (1) 22:13 
TIERNEY (2) 24:8 
24:24 
time (12) 3:10 12:5,8 
13:24 16:16,18 
20:8,9,15 21:17 
23:10 24:12 
timely (1) 21:25 
times (5) 5:4 16:4.7 
20:19 21:20 
today (6) 3:8 5:8 
11:23 13:13 17:17 
21:13 
told (1) 17:14 
tomorrow (I) 22:15 
touch (1) 18:6 
transcript (4) 1:12 
9:15,16 17:2 
trial (3) 5:25 6:18.24 
troubled (1) 9:11 
true (1) 24:14 
truly (1) 17:16 
try (3) 16:6 21:2,3 
trying (2) 14:1 19:5 
turned (I) 5:7 
two (9) 3:14,15 4:2.4 
6:9 12:20 13:19 
18:25 22:21 
two-party (1) 7:4 
ultimately (I) 6:19 
unaware (1) 11:1 
understanding (I) 
10:1 
understands (1) 17:4 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590122
--- PAGE 28 ---
Page 
United (1) 8:19 
urge (I) 13:19 
use (1)4:22 
V 
versus (3)5:23 8:19 
9:2 
vice (2) 9:8,13 
view (2) 15:23 20:20 
violated (2) 15:10 
18:5 
violation (I) 20:13 
violations (1) 19:3 
(2) 3:6 8:18 
virtually (I) 23:1 
voluntarily (I) 5:25 
voluntary (4) 5:21 
6:2 14:5.17 
vs-(1) 1:6 
w 
want (5) 11:24 12:2 
13:10 14:19 15:16 
wanted (6) 4:17.18.18 
4:19,20 12:14 
wants (4) 10:23 11:25 
13:14.17 
wasn't (I) 21:25 
waters (1) 14:2 
way (1) 11:7 
we're (7) 3:8 5:8 
10:22 13:7 17:17 
21:9 22:12 
we've (2) 23:4,5 
week (2) 22:15,19 
weekend (1) 5:4 
weeks (3) 13:19 17:7 
20:22 
went (1) 6:20 
Whippey (2) 14:8 
19:20 
Whiteside (2) 6:12 
18:21 
word (3) 22:10,17,18 
work (I) 13:14 
world-renowned (I) 
3:19 
writ (I) 6:14 
wrong (3) 18:19 
19:13.16 
IC 
York (6)5:4,23 8:21 
14:23 16:3,7 
I (I) 24:13 
1.210 (I) 7:8 
1.230 (I) 7:20 
1.420 (I) 5:20 
10:00(1) 1:23 
100,000 (I) 4:10 
1000 (I) 2:6 
II (I) 18:12 
11th (2) 15:15 18:11 
1200 (I) 2:12 
12th (2) 22:13 23:1 
(1) 10:25 
15.000072(1) 1:2 
17TH (1) 1:1 
18th (I) 16:10 
(1) 9:10 
201 (I) 1:17 
2016 (5) 1:22 4:24 5:9 
8:1624:20 
21st (1) 8:16 
(1) 24:13 
(1) 9:18 
(I) 10:2 
2d (2) 14:9 20:1 
33301 (3) 1:18 2:7,13 
349 (I) 14:9 
350 (I) 2:6 
401 (1) 2:12 
499 (1) 20:1 
4th (2) 1:22 24:20 
6th (I) 1:17 
8th (2)4:23 5:9 
9:3011)
1:23 
905 tit 20:1 
961 tit 14;9 
APEX REPORTING GROUP 
EFTA00590123

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590124.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590124.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE LANDMARK ROOMS 
SEAGRAM BUILDING 
E. 52nd Street. New York. New York 10022 P: 212-776-4920x2 
INVOICE 
EVENT INFORMATION: Peggy Siegel Birthday 
CLIENT INFORMATION: Peggy Siegel 
EVENT DATE: Wednesday, May 31st 2017 
CLIENT NAME: Rebecca Drescher 
EVENT TIME: 7:30 PM - 11:30 PM 
PHONE NUMBER: 
EVENT SPACE: Full Restaurant Buyout: The Pool & The Grill 
EMAIL ADDRESS: 
EVENT TYPE: Sitdown 
NUMBER OF GUESTS: 290 
Qty. 
290 
The Landmark Rooms Buyout Package 
Pricing Includes: 
Butler Passed Cocktails 
Selection of 10 Passed Canapes 
Course Dinner Menu 
Selection of 3 Passed Desserts 
Premium Open Bar: House Wines, Premium Spirits, Beer, Soft Drinks, Coffee & Tea 
Service 
Upgrades to the beverage package are available upon request. 
Minimum Guarantee: 250 Guests 
Restaurant Closure Fee: Full Buyout 
Price 
Total 
$375.00 
$108.750.00 
$30,000.00 
$30,000.00 
Furniture Removal Fee 
$9,000.00 
$9,000.00 
'Estimated pricing. final pricing will be based on final floor plan 
Entertainment & Services: 
Pricing does not include lighting, decor, florals, furniture rentals, AV, in-house 
electrician, etc 
Total 
Other 
Buyout Cost 
$9.000.00 
$138.750.00 
Subtotal 
$147,750.00 
State Sales Tax 
8.875% 
$13.112.81 
Administration Fee 
23.0% 
$33.982.50 
Grand Total 
$194,845.31 
Deposit Due (Due 3/1/17) 
unpaid 
$97.422.66 
Estimated Amount Due 
$194,845.31 
EFTA00590124

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590125.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590125.pdf
----------------------------------------
GE Commercial Finance 
Global Asset 
Management 
Brian Huber 
Manager Aircraft Remarketing 
Wooster Heights. Lee Feel) 
Danbury. Cr 06810 
April 
2016 
Mr. Stephen Hanson 
SFS, LLC 
do Muchnick, Golieb & Golieb, P.C. 
200 Park Avenue South, Suite 1700 
New York, New York 10003 
Dear Mr. Hanson: 
Path Air, LLC ("Seller") is pleased to submit to SFS, LLC ("Buyer") this proposal ("Proposal") 
regarding the sale of a certain Gulfstream 550 s/n 5017, N62MS (the "Airframe"); equipped with two 
Rolls Royce BR710C4-1 I engines, serial numbers 15137 and 15136 (the "Engines"); one Honeywell 
RE220(GV) auxiliary power unit, s/n P-327 ( the “APU"); together with all of the equipment and 
accessories installed thereon, as well as all related log books, records and manuals, and all spare parts, 
loose equipment and support equipment related to said aircraft to the extent that such spare parts, loose 
equipment and support equipment are in Seller's possession or under Seller's control as of the date of 
this Proposal (hereinafter collectively the "Aircraft"). Seller further agrees that upon Buyer's signature 
and return of this Proposal, Seller shall not further solicit, entertain or accept additional offers with 
respect to the Aircraft until such time as the transaction as contemplated herein is consummated or 
terminated according to the provisions set forth below. 
Seller hereby proposes to sell the Aircraft to Buyer for a purchase price equal to the sum of Eighteen 
Million Seven Hundred Thousand United States Dollars ($18,700,000.00) plus any applicable taxes (the 
"Purchase Price"). The sale of the Aircraft shall be on an "as-is, where-is basis", without any recourse 
or warranty of any kind, expressed or implied from Seller, except as provided in the Aircraft Warrants ,pelletal: Limited
Bill of Sale in the form attached hereto as Appendix II. 
EFTA00590125
--- PAGE 2 ---
Stephen P. Hanson 
Page 2 
March 24, 2016 
The terms of the proposed sale shall be as follows: 
I) 
The Aircraft will be available for pre-purchase inspection immediately following 
completion of Seller's preliminary "know your customer" and other disclosure requirements to 
the satisfaction of Seller in its sole discretion (the "KYC Verification"), so that Buyer may 
determine whether the Aircraft is: 
(i) 
in airworthy condition, with a current and valid U.S. Certificate of 
Ainvorthiness, and with all systems, components, installed equipment, and 
engines in operating condition and functioning in accordance with manufacturer's 
specifications.; 
(ii) 
current on the manufacturer's recommended maintenance program 
with all hourly and calendar inspections current through the Closing Date,. 
(iii) 
in compliance, without deferment or extension, with all applicable 
FAA Airworthiness Directives ("ADs"), Manufacturer's Mandatory Service 
Bulletins ("MSBs") and Manufacturer's Mandatory Customer Bulletins ("MCBs") 
which, as at the time of the Inspection (as defined in Section 2) hereof), are 
required to be completed by the Closing Date,;. 
(iv) 
free of damage history and corrosion or otherwise acceptable; 
(v) 
has current, complete and continuous logbooks from the date of 
manufacture to the Closing Date, and with all manuals, data, technical records, 
task cards and information back-to-manufacturer on all life limited parts of the 
Aircraft, 
( 
Deleted:.
(  
Deleted: and 
Deleted:. 
Deleted:. 
C 
Deleted:.
) 
(vi) 
is registered on the United States Civil Aviation Registry; and 
( 
Deleted: i 
) 
(vii otherwise in condition acceptable to Buyer. 
( 
Deleted: 
) 
( 
Deleted: and 
. The pre-purchase inspection shall consist of a, complete "Aircraft Records Research" and log boo( Deleted: 
) 
review, engine borescope testing of the Engines and the APU, inspection of all calendar and hourly 
inspection items due through the Closing Date, plus the completion of the upcoming "IA" calendar 
inspection, the upcoming "2A" hourly inspection, the,"144 Month" calendar inspection, and Landin 
Deleted: imPection of an kerns inaludadia 
ll
ama:aim x
 of a 
Gear "CIC" application (together with any additional reasonable inspections requested by Buyer anb-
Deleted: impeceoe 
approved by Seller in writing), and a test flight prior to inspections for systems operation and a test 
flight after completion of inspections to verify proper operation, each of which test flight is not to 
exceed two hours in duration, with not more than three (3) representatives of Buyer on board to act 
as observers only subject to such representatives satisfying Seller's passenger screening 
requirements and executing a passenger waiver in form acceptable to Seller (collectively, the 
EFTA00590126
--- PAGE 3 ---
Stephen P. Hanson 
Page 3 
March 24, 2016 
"Inspection") at the Pentastar Aviation facility in Waterford, MI (the "Inspection Facility"). Buyer 
shall be solely responsible for all flat-fee costs associated with the Inspection, as well as the cost of 
the test flights, which shall consist of twice the cost of fuel plus the cost of pilots and crew ("Flight 
Costs"). buyer, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall reject or accept the Aircraft, or conditionally Deleted:
accept the Aircraft subject to Seller's correction of Airworthiness Discrepancies, within five (5) 
Business Days (as defined in Section ,19) hereof) after the completion of the Inspection and th( Deleted: IS 
receipt by Buyer from the Inspection Facility of the final written pre-purchase inspection report (the 
"Report"), which Report Buyer shall request the Inspection Facility to deliver to Buyer promptly. 
Such acceptance, conditional acceptance or rejection within such five (5) business day period (the 
"Acceptance Deadline") shall be in writing to Seller in the form of the Certificate of Pm-Delivery 
Acceptance or Rejection to Seller set forth as Appendix I. 
If Seller notifies Buyer prior to the commencement of the Inspection that it is not satisfied with the 
results of Seller's preliminary KYC Verification, or if Buyer exercises its right to reject the Aircraft, 
or if Buyer does not deliver a completed Certificate of Pre-Delivery Acceptance or Rejection to 
Seller by the Acceptance Deadline, Buyer shall be deemed to have rejected the Aircraft. In any 
such case, either party shall have the right to terminate this Proposal by written notice to the Escrow 
Agent referred to below and the other party. In that event, (a) the Escrow Agent shall immediately, 
and without regard to any notices or demands from Seller or any other person, refund the Deposit 
referred to below to Buyer, and (b) thereafter, this Proposal shall terminate. 
2) If Buyer conditionally accepts the Aircraft, subject to the correction of any Airworthiness 
Discrepancies identified during the Inspection, such Ainvorthiness Discrepancies shall be corrected 
by the Inspection Facility prior to the Closing, And Seller shall be responsible to pay directly to th( Deleted:.
Inspection Facility prior to Closing all invoices of the Inspection Facility for the correction of such 
Airworthiness Discrepancies at Seller's sole expense. 
For purposes hereof, "Airworthiness 
Discrepancy" shall mean any discrepancy that must be repaired or corrected in order for the Aircraft 
to be airworthy, satisfy the requirements of Sections 1)(i),_th),_(M) and (v) hereof and otherwise be 
returned to service by the Inspection Facility, as well as any discrepancy that must be repaired Deleted:.
replaced or otherwise corrected in order for the Inspection Facility to fully complete all of the 
requirements of the upcoming "IA" calendar inspection, the upcoming "2A" hourly inspection, the 
"144 Month" calendar ins e
zin, and the londing Cipar C1C application, whether or not_ suc( Deleted:I 
inspections and londing Char CIC application. pnd the items required thereby. are due to a  Deleted: d 
) 
completed by the date of Closing, 
) 
 ) 
3) Seller acknowledges that Buyer sent by wire transfer to Insured Aircraft Title Service, Oklaho 
Deleted: 
City, Oklahoma (the "Escrow Agent"), a refundable good faith deposit in the amount of Five 
the 144 Month inspection, 
Hundred Thousand United States Dollars (US$500,000.00) (the "Deposit"), which, after the Aircraft 
is accepted by Buyer, shall, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Proposal, be credited 
Deleted: Inspection, 
(  Deleted:I 
Deleted: 
EFTA00590127
--- PAGE 4 ---
Stephen P. Hanson 
Page 4 
March 24, 2016 
toward the Purchase Price due on Closing. Buyer shall be responsible for any and all Escrow Agent 
fees associated with this proposed sale and shall ensure that the Escrow Agent verifies the origin of 
funds used to pay the Purchase Price and the Deposit to the satisfaction of Seller. Buyer hereby 
authorizes Escrow Agent to release to Seller the inbound wire report for funds wired to the Escrow 
Agent as part of the Deposit and the Purchase Price. Upon acceptance or conditional acceptance of 
the Aircraft pursuant to Section 2) above, the Deposit shall, except as otherwise expressly provided 
in this Proposal, be deemed non-refundable. If the Aircraft is rejected or deemed rejected in 
accordance with Section 2), the Deposit shall be immediately returned to Buyer. 
4) To the extent permitted by the applicable service program provider, Seller shall cooperate with Buyer, 
at Buyer's sole cost and expense, to transfer to Buyer on Closing the Rolls-Royce Corporate Care 
contract covering the Engines as well as any other pre-existing contracts, subscriptions and service 
programs in respect of the Aircraft, each of which shall be current, up-to-date, and paid in full by 
Seller for all amounts incurred through the Closing Date (as defined below). 
Buyer shall be 
responsible for any ongoing hourly payments and any other amounts incurred after the Closing due 
under such contracts, subscriptions and service programs and for any transfer fees charged by the 
providers thereof, as well as the administration and execution of contracts for continued enrollment 
on such programs from and after the Closing. 
5) The parties acknowledge and agree that, in the event that Buyer accepts or conditionally accepts the 
Aircraft by the Acceptance Deadline in accordance with the provisions of Section 2) hereof, the 
passing of title and formal delivery of the Aircraft to Buyer (the "Closing") shall take place on a 
Business Day mutually acceptable to Buyer and Seller that is not more than five (5) days after the 
date of Buyer's Certificate of Pit-Delivery Acceptance or Rejection of the Aircraft, unless 
Airworthiness Discrepancies have been identified during the Inspection, in which case the Closing 
shall take place on a Business Day mutually acceptable to Buyer and Seller that is not more than five 
(5) days after the date all Airworthiness Discrepancies have been corrected, unless extended to 
another date by mutual agreement of Buyer and Seller (the "Closing Date"). The Closing Date must 
be a Business Day on which the FAA Registry is fully open for filing title documents. At the time of 
Closing, the Aircraft shall be located at a location to be mutually agreed upon by Seller and Buyer 
(the "Delivery Location") (it being understood that Buyer shall be solely responsible for the costs of 
moving the Aircraft to the Delivery Location. 
6) The Closing shall take place only after the following conditions precedent have been satisfied: 
(Deleted:
(a) 
Seller's obligation to sell and deliver the Aircraft to Buyer on the Closing Date shall be 
subject to the satisfaction by Buyer of each of the conditions precedent set forth below: 
EFTA00590128
--- PAGE 5 ---
Stephen P. Hanson 
Page 5 
March 24, 2016 
(i) 
On or before the Closing Date, Buyer shall have delivered to the FAA 
Counsel (as defined in Section 7 below) in escrow, (A) an executed undated FAA 
Form 8050-1, "Aircraft Registration Application," registering the Aircraft to 
Buyer; (B) an Aircraft ,Warranty Bill of Sale executed by Buyer but undated; an( 
Deleted: Limited 
(C) an original copy of the Aircraft Delivery Receipt in form attached hereto as 
Appendix III duly executed by Buyer but undated, 
(ii) 
On or before the Closing Date, Buyer shall have delivered to the Escrow 
Agent, in escrow, funds equal to the amount of the Purchase Price, plus any 
unpaid Flight Costs due to Seller, plus the Escrow Agent's fee; 
(iii) 
Seller shall have determined that Buyer has fulfilled Seller's know your 
customer and other disclosure requirements as determined by Seller in its sole 
discretion; and 
(iv) 
At the time of Closing, Buyer shall not be in breach or default of any of 
the covenants, agreements and conditions required to be performed or complied 
with by Buyer prior to the Closing. 
(b) 
Buyer's obligation to purchase and accept delivery of the Aircraft from Seller on the 
Closing Date shall be subject to the satisfaction by Seller of each of the conditions 
precedent set forth below: 
On or before the Closing Date, Seller shall have delivered to the FAA Counsel, 
in escrow: (A) an executed undated FAA Form 8050-2, "Aircraft Bill of Sale", 
transferring ownership of the Aircraft to Buyer; (B) an Aircraft ,Warranty Bill c( 
Deleted: births 
Sale executed by Seller but undated; 
(ii) 
any and all liens, claims and encumbrances to which the Aircraft is subject 
("Liens") have been released in a form reasonably satisfactory to Buyer and any 
entity to which Buyer grants a purchase money security interest in the Aircraft; 
(iii) 
At the time of Closing, the Aircraft shall be located at the Delivery Location, with 
all Airworthiness Discrepancies corrected and in the same substantially the same 
condition at the time the Aircraft was accepted by Buyer; 
(iii) 
At the time of Closing, the Aircraft shall be free of all Liens at the FAA Registry 
and the International Registry (as defined in Section ,7)(a)(p) below) other thar. 
Deleted: s 
Liens that will be discharged out of amounts and/or documents then held ii. 
Deleted: v 
escrow by the Escrow Agent; and 
EFTA00590129
--- PAGE 6 ---
Stephen P. Hanson 
Page 6 
March 24, 2016 
(iv) 
At the time of Closing, Seller shall not be in breach or default of any of the 
covenants, agreements and conditions required to be performed or complied with 
by Seller prior to the Closing. 
(c) 
On the Closing Date and subject to satisfaction (or written waiver by Seller) of the 
conditions precedent set forth in Section 6)(a) above, Seller shall deliver the Aircraft to 
Buyer and Buyer shall subject to satisfaction (or written waiver by Buyer) of the 
conditions precedent set forth in Section 6)(b) above accept delivery of the Aircraft from 
Seller at the Delivery Location in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 8 
below. 
7) Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to Closing set forth in Section 6Xa) and 
Section 6Xb) above, the closing shall be conducted by the parties via conference call (the "Closing 
Conference Call") with Daugherty, Fowler, Peregrin, Naught & Jenson 100 N. Broadway, Suite 
2000, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102, Telephone: 
(•Seller's FAA Counsel') and 
the Escrow Agent participating in the call. Seller shall pay the entire cost of Seller's FAA Counsel. 
(a) 
At the Closing, after the representatives of each of the parties hereto and FAA Counsel 
and Escrow Agent have announced their attendance on the Closing Conference Call, the 
following shall occur: 
(i) 
The Escrow Agent shall confirm that it is holding in escrow funds equal to the 
entire Purchase Price, plus any amounts due from Buyer to Seller for unpaid Inspection 
Costs, plus the Escrow Agent's fee; 
(ii) 
FAA Counsel shall confirm that it is holding each of the following documents: (A) 
an Aircraft Registration Application (AC Form 8050-1) covering the Airframe of the 
Aircraft duly executed by Buyer, but undated, (B) an original copy of the Aircraft 
Delivery Receipt in form attached hereto as Appendix III duly executed by Buyer but 
undated, (C) an original FAA Form 8050-2 Aircraft Bill of Sale duly executed by Seller, 
but undated, and (D) two counterparts of an original Aircraft Warranty Bill of Sale, on( 
Deleted: Lunged 
duly executed by Seller and the other duly executed by Buyer, but undated; and 
(iii) 
FAA Counsel shall confirm that the records of the FAA and the International 
Registry then reflect that Seller is the record owner of the Airframe and the two Engines, 
free and clear of all recorded liens, claims and encumbrances (and FAA Counsel shall so 
advise the participants on the Closing Conference Call). 
EFTA00590130
--- PAGE 7 ---
Stephen P. Hanson 
Page 7 
March 24, 2016 
(iv) 
Provided that each of the confirmations set forth in clauses (i) — (iii) above has 
been made, Buyer shall immediately instruct Escrow Agent to wire the Purchase Price, 
plus any amounts due to Seller for unpaid Inspection Costs, to Seller in accordance with 
the wire transfer instructions previously provided to the Escrow Agent by Seller. 
(v) 
After Escrow Agent's representative has announced to the participants on the 
Closing Conference Call that Escrow Agent has initiated the above described wire 
transfer of the Purchase Price to Seller's account, Seller shall, as promptly as is possible, 
obtain confirmation from its bank that the wire transfer of the Purchase Price has been 
received and, immediately thereupon, (A) Seller's representative shall announce the 
confirmation of such receipt to the other participants on the Closing Conference Call, (B) 
FAA Counsel shall immediately date and file each of the original FAA Form 8050-2 
Aircraft Bill of Sale and the Aircraft Registration Application (AC Form 8050-1) with the 
FAA for recordation and, upon doing so, shall then notify each of the participants on the 
Closing Conference Call of the time of filing of each of such documents, (C) FAA 
Counsel shall date and release the Aircraft ,Warranty Bill of Sale executed by Seller 
of escrow to Buyer and the Aircraft, Warranty Bill of Sale executed by Buyer and th 
Aircraft Delivery Receipt to Seller, and (D) Seller shall deliver possession of the Aircraft 
to Buyer at the Delivery Location. 
IC 
Deleted: Limited 
Deleted: Limited 
(vi) 
Immediately upon confirmation that such documents have been filed with the 
FAA, FAA Counsel, as Buyer's "professional user entity,- shall initiate a "sale" filing 
with respect to the Airframe and Engines at the International Registry in favor of Buyer, 
and FAA Counsel, as Seller's "professional user entity," shall discharge any registration 
with the International Registry established pursuant to the Convention on International 
Interests on Mobile Equipment and Protocol thereto on Matters specific to Aircraft 
Equipment on the Aircraft (the "International Registry") of any other international 
interest, sale, prospective international interest or prospective sale with respect to the 
Airframe or Engines, and consent to Buyer's registration of a sale with respect to the 
Airframe and Engines. 
(b) 
The parties agree that each of the steps set forth in Section 7)(a)(v)-(vi) is 
interdependent with all of the others. Once the Closing process described in Section 7)(a)(v)-(vi) has 
begun, it shall be irrevocable, and no one shall have any right to demand or to comply with any 
demand that the process be stopped prior to completion of each of the foregoing steps. 
8) Buyer expressly acknowledges that, THE AIRCRAFT IS SOLD TO BUYER ON AN "AS IS", 
"WHERE IS" BASIS WITHOUT RECOURSE TO, OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND OR 
EFTA00590131
--- PAGE 8 ---
Stephen P. Hanson 
Page 8 
March 24, 2016 
NATURE BY, SELLER, EXCEPT THE WARRANTIES EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN SECTION 
I )(b) BELOW AND IN THE AIRCRAFT ,WARRANTY BILL OF SALE. THE WARRANTIEC Deleted: LIMITED 
SET FORTH HEREIN AND THEREIN ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN SUBSTITUTION FOR, AND 
BUYER HEREBY WAIVES, RELEASES AND RENOUNCES, ANY AND ALL OTHER 
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY SUCH WARRANTIES 
CONTAINED IN THE AIRCRAFT LOGBOOKS OR OTHER AIRCRAFT DOCUMENTATION, 
WHICH BUYER MAY HAVE AGAINST SELLER ARISING BY LAW OR OTHERWISE, WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY DEFECT IN THE AIRCRAFT WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE BY 
SELLER OR BUYER. 
THE PARTIES SPECIFICALLY STATE, ACKNOWLEDGE AND 
AGREE THAT REGARDING THE CONDITION OF THE AIRCRAFT, THERE IS: (a) NO 
WARRANTY AS TO THE AIRWORTHINESS OR CONDITION OF THE AIRFRAME, 
ENGINES OR ANY COMPONENT OR OTHER ITEM DELIVERED PURSUANT HERETO; (b) 
NO IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR USE; (c) NO 
IMPLIED WARRANTY ARISING FROM COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF 
DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE; (d) NO OBLIGATION, LIABILITY, RIGHT, CLAIM OR 
REMEDY IN TORT, WHETHER OR NOT ARISING FROM THE ACTUAL OR IMPUTED 
NEGLIGENCE OF EITHER SELLER OR BUYER OR THEIR ASSIGNS; AND (e) NO 
OBLIGATION, LIABILITY, RIGHT, CLAIM OR REMEDY FOR LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO 
ANY TANGIBLE OR INTANGIBLE THING, FOR LOSS OF USE, REVENUE, PROFIT OR 
TAX BENEFIT, OR FOR ANY OTHER DIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. 
9) The panics hereto hereby agree that except as expressly provided in Section 8Xa)(vi) above, no 
registrations of the Aircraft at the International Registry will be registered, requested or demanded 
by either party hereto. 
Buyer hereby, agrees that as between Seller and Buyer that this ProposA. Deleted:
does not create any "international interest-, "prospective sale" or except as expressly provided in 
Section 7(a)cvi) above, any "contract of sale" in favor of Buyer. 
( Deleted: vii 
10) Risk of loss or destruction of, and damage to, the Aircraft shall pass to Buyer at the time the FAA 
Aircraft Bill of Sale is filed with the FAA. If the Aircraft is destroyed prior to that time, (i) the 
Escrow Agent shall immediately, and without regard to any notices or demands from Seller or any 
other person, refund the Deposit referred to below to Buyer, and (ii) thereafter, this Proposal shall 
terminate. If the Aircraft is damaged prior to that time, Buyer shall have the right to terminate this 
Proposal on written notice to Seller and the Escrow Agent. In that case, (A) the Escrow Agent shall 
immediately, and without regard to any notices or demands from Seller or any other person, refund 
the Deposit referred to below to Buyer, and (B) thereafter, this Proposal shall terminate. 
EFTA00590132
--- PAGE 9 ---
Stephen P. Hanson 
Page 9 
March 24, 2016 
I1) (a) By executing this Proposal, Buyer hereby represents and warrants to Seller that on the date 
hereof and as of the Closing Date as follows: (i) Buyer is and will be in full compliance with all 
laws and regulations applicable to it including, without limitation, (A) ensuring that no person who 
owns a controlling interest in or otherwise controls Buyer is or shall be (I) listed on the Specially 
Designated Nationals and Blocked Person List maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control 
("OFAC"), Department of the Treasury, and/or any other similar lists maintained by OFAC 
pursuant to any authorizing statute, Executive Order or regulation or (II) a person designated under 
Section 1(b), (c) or (d) of Executive Order No. 13224 (September 23, 2001), any related enabling 
legislation or any other similar Executive Orders, and (B) compliance with all applicable Bank 
Secrecy Act ("BSA") laws, regulations and government guidance on BSA compliance and on the 
prevention and detection of money laundering violations; (ii) Buyer has adequate power and 
capacity to enter into, and perform under, the transaction as described herein and is duly qualified to 
do business wherever necessary to carry on its present business and operations with respect to the 
Aircraft; (iii) this Proposal has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Buyer and upon 
Buyer's acceptance or conditional acceptance of the Aircraft pursuant to Section 2) above will 
constitute a valid, legal and binding agreement, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to 
the extent that the enforcement of remedies may be limited under applicable bankruptcy and 
insolvency laws; (iv) no approval, consent or withholding of objections is required from any 
governmental authority or entity with respect to the entry into or performance by Buyer of the 
transaction described herein except such as have already been obtained; and (v) the entry into and 
performance by Buyer of the transactions described herein do not and will not: (A) violate any 
judgment, order, law or regulation applicable to Buyer or any provision of Buyer's organizational 
documents; or (B) result in any breach of, constitute a default under or result in the creation of any 
lien, charge, security interest or other encumbrance pursuant to any indenture, mortgage, deed of 
trust, bank loan or credit agreement or other instrument to which Buyer is a party. 
(b) By executing this Proposal, Seller hereby represents and warrants to Buyer that on the date hereof 
and as of the Closing Date as follows: (i) Seller has title to the Aircraft and will at Closing convey to 
Buyer tide to the Aircraft, free and clear of all tliens. claims and encumbrances ("Liens"); (ii) Sell Deism: Liens mists by.through Of CMS by 
has adequate power and capacity to enter into, and perform under, the transaction as described herein 
Seller fl akes 
and is duly qualified to do business wherever necessary to carry on its present business and 
operations with respect to the Aircraft; (iii) this Proposal has been duly authorized, executed and 
delivered by Seller and upon Buyer's acceptance or conditional acceptance of the Aircraft pursuant 
to Section 2) above will constitute a valid, legal and binding agreement, enforceable in accordance 
with its terms, except to the extent that the enforcement of remedies may be limited under applicable 
bankruptcy and insolvency laws; (iv) no approval, consent or withholding of objections is required 
from any governmental authority or entity with respect to the entry into or performance by Seller of 
the transaction described herein except such as have already been obtained; and (v) the entry into 
and performance by Seller of the transactions described herein do not and will not: (A) violate any 
EFTA00590133
--- PAGE 10 ---
Stephen P. Hanson 
Page 10 
March 24, 2016 
judgment, order, law or regulation applicable to Seller or any provision of Seller's organizational 
documents; or (B) result in any breach of, constitute a default under or result in the creation of any 
lien, charge, security interest or other encumbrance pursuant to any indenture, mortgage, deed of 
trust, bank loan or credit agreement or other instrument to which Seller is a party. 
12)Neither party shall be liable for any failure or delay in closing the transaction contemplated 
hereby (other than for delay in the payment of money due and payable hereunder unless caused 
by a failure of the Federal Reserve wire transfer system) to the extent said failures or delays are 
proximately caused by events or circumstances beyond that party's control and occurring without 
its fault or negligence, including, without limitation, Acts of God or any governmental agency or 
authority, or any casualty occurrence or damage affecting the Aircraft (any such event, a "Force 
Majeure Event"). If such Force Majeure Event continues for ten (10) days from the onset, either 
party may terminate this Proposal, in which case, the terminating party shall notify the other 
party in writing of its intent to terminate this Proposal and instruct the Escrow Agent to return 
the Deposit to Buyer. In that event, the Escrow Agent shall immediately refund the Deposit to 
Buyer, and thereafter this Proposal shall terminate. 
13) Except with respect to Seller's agreement that upon Buyer's signature and return of this Proposal, it 
will not further solicit, entertain or accept additional offers with respect to the Aircraft until such 
time as the transaction contemplated hereby is consummated or terminated according to the 
provisions hereof and the requirements set forth in Section 2) hereof and Section 3) hereof and as 
described in this Section, this Proposal (a) is not intended to, and does not create any binding legal 
obligation on either party; (b) is not, and is not to be considered to be, a commitment by
ller or 
Buyer or any of their respective affiliates to enter into the  proposed sale: (c) is an expression of both 
parties' interest to consider the transaction generally based upon the terms and conditions outlined 
herein; and (d) notwithstanding anything in this Proposal to the contrary, upon written 
acceptance or written conditional acceptance by the Buyer of the Aircraft pursuant to Section 
2) hereof, this Proposal shall become a fully valid agreement that is binding on both Seller 
and Buyer and enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms, notwithstanding 
any reference to such agreement as a "Proposal". 
14) Failure by Buyer, through no fault of Seller, to pay the Purchase Price at Closing in accordance with 
this Proposal, or to Deliver at Closing the Aircraft Registration Application, or any other failure or 
refusal by Buyer to perform any of its obligations under this Proposal, or any material 
misrepresentation by Buyer expressly provided in this Proposal, as a result of which Closing does 
not take place, shall, upon Seller's giving Buyer notice of such failure and Buyer's failure to cure the 
same within three business days thereafter, and Seller's actual or offered performance of all its 
obligations herein, constitute a breach of this Proposal by Buyer, and the parties hereto expressly 
agree that in the event of such breach by Buyer, the Deposit shall be forfeited by Buyer, and the 
Deposit shall be distributed by Escrow Agent to Seller as liquidated damages and as its sole and 
EFTA00590134
--- PAGE 11 ---
Stephen P. Hanson 
Page 11 
March 24, 2016 
exclusive remedy, all other remedies, including but not limited to incidental and consequential 
damages, being hereby WAIVED by Seller. Buyer and Seller hereby agree that actual damages, if 
any, to Seller would be speculative and difficult to ascertain, and the Deposit shall serve as complete 
liquidated damages to Seller, and that the Deposit amount is a reasonable forecast of Seller's actual 
damages in such event, and Buyer shall have no further or other liability in connection herewith. 
Seller shall have the right at any time in its sole discretion to terminate this Proposal to the extent the 
Buyer does not meet Seller's KYC Verification as determined by Seller in its sole discretion and in 
such event, Buyer shall be entitled to the return of the Deposit. Both Seller and Buyer acknowledge 
that the return of the Deposit to Buyer shall be the sole and exclusive remedy of Buyer, and all other 
remedies, including but not limited to incidental and consequential damages, being hereby WAIVED 
by Buyer. 
Failure by Seller, through no fault of Buyer, to deliver at Closing the Aircraft in the condition 
required by this Proposal, the FAA Aircraft Bill of Sale, the Aircraft Warranty Bill of Sale or any 
other Closing documents required hereby, or any other failure or refusal by Seller to perform any of 
its obligations under this Proposal, or any material misrepresentation by Seller expressly made in 
this Proposal, as a result of which Closing does not take place, shall, upon Buyer's giving Seller 
notice of such failure and Seller's failure to cure the same within three business days thereafter, upon 
Buyer's actual or offered performance of all of its obligations herein, constitute a breach of this 
Proposal by Seller. The parties hereto expressly agree that in the event of such breach by Seller, or 
in the event of Seller's refusal to close or election to terminate this Agreement, after the
commencement of the Inspection. as a result of Seller's determination in Seller's sole discretion that 
Buyer does not meet Seller's KYC Verification or that Buyer has not ensured that the Escrow Agent 
verified the origin of the funds used to pay the Purchase Price or the Deposit as provided in Section 
3) above, as Buyer's sole and exclusive remedy, Buyer shall be entitled to (a) the immediate return 
from the Escrow Agent of the Deposit, together with the Balance of the Purchase Price, if the same 
was previously paid to the Escrow Agent, and (b) payment to Buyer by Seller of an amount equal to 
the sum of all of the costs, fees and expenses, of the Inspection, including, without limitation, Flight 
Costs, and Escrow Agent fees paid by, or not as then paid, but due from, Buyer. All other remedies 
of Buyer, including but not limited to incidental and consequential damages, are hereby WAIVED 
by Buyer. Upon the Escrow Agent's return of the Deposit, and the balance of the Purchase Price 
previously paid by Buyer, and Seller's payment to Buyer of the sum of all such costs, fees and 
expenses of Inspection, Seller shall have no further or other liability in connection with such breach. 
Buyer acknowledges that this Proposal is being provided by Seller to Buyer prior to Seller having 
completed its KYC Verification. Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, Seller shall not be 
responsible in any way for any costs and expenses incurred by Buyer in connection with the 
transactions described herein in the event that Seller is not satisfied with the results of its KYC 
EFTA00590135
--- PAGE 12 ---
Stephen P. Hanson 
Page 12 
March 24,2016 
Verification. „Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, notwithstanding anything else in thi otters: notwithstanding anything 
Proposal to the contrary, if, at any time prior to completion of the Closing, Seller notifies Buyer that 
Seller is not satisfied with the results of its KYC Verification, Seller shall instruct Escrow Agent to 
return ,to the Buyer the Deposit and, if then already paid to the Escrow Agent by the Buyer th( Dated: the DeposactoBum. 
balance of the Purchase Price, In that event, (a) the Escrow Agent shall immediately, and withou 
regard to any notices from or demands or consents by Seller or any other person, refund the Deposit 
and any such Purchase Price balance to Buyer, and if required pursuant to the provisions of Section 
14), hereof, Seller shall make payment to the Buyer as required therein, and (b) thereafter, thi: Dekted: 
Proposal shall terminate. 
) 
Ducted:. 
15) This Proposal and the rights hereunder shall not be assigned by either party hereto without the prior 
written consent of the other party hereto and any such attempted sale shall be void ab hullo; 
provided, however, that subject to satisfaction of Seller's KYC Verification as determined by Seller 
in its sole and reasonable discretion and execution of a written assignment document in form 
acceptable to Seller, Buyer may assign its interests in this Proposal to a lender providing financing to 
Buyer in connection with this transaction. No assignment shall relieve the assignor of any of its 
obligations under this Proposal. This Proposal shall be governed by the laws of the State of New 
York without regard to conflicts of law principles other than Section 5-1401 and Section 5-1402 of 
the New York General Obligations Law. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the State and County of New York in 
connection with any legal action, suit or proceeding with respect to any matter relating to or arising 
out of or in connection with this Proposal and fully waives any objection to the venue of such courts. 
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each party hereby waives, and agrees not to assert, 
by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise, in any such suit action or proceeding any claim that is 
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that the suit, action or 
proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, or that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is 
improper. Each party hereby unconditionally waives its rights to a jury trial of any claim or cause of 
acting arising out of the transactions contemplated by this Proposal. 
16) To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Seller is 
required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who enters into a 
transaction with Seller. What this means for Buyer is that , Seller will ask for Buyer's name, address, 
and other information that will allow Seller to identify Buyer and Buyer's beneficial owners and 
related parties to the satisfaction of Seller. In connection with such inquiries by Seller, Seller may 
also ask to see identifying documents. Buyer hereby agrees to provide Seller with the information 
requested in accordance with this Section,16). 
( Deleted: I? 
17) Seller shall be responsible for, and hereby agrees to pay, any sales, use, excise and property taxes or 
any other taxes or tariffs assessed or levied by any taxing or governmental authority with respect to 
EFTA00590136
--- PAGE 13 ---
Stephen P. Hanson 
Page 13 
March 24, 2016 
the purchase, ownership, operation, importation or exportation of the Aircraft prior to the Closing. 
Seller shall be responsible for, and hereby agrees to pay any income taxes imposed on Seller as a 
result of the sale of the Aircraft to Buyer hereunder, and any deferred taxes assessed and/or 
pertaining to events having occurred prior to the Closing. Buyer shall be responsible for, and hereby 
agrees to pay, any sales, use, excise and property taxes or any other taxes or tariffs assessed or levied 
by any taxing or governmental authority upon or as a result of the sale and purchase of the Aircraft 
hereunder or the ownership, operation, importation or exportation of the Aircraft on or after the 
Closing. 
18) Each party agrees that it will treat the Purchase Price as confidential and will not, without the prior 
written consent of the other, disclose such Purchase Price to any third party, except for disclosure to 
its lenders or other funding sources, attorneys, auditors, brokers, industry advisors, consultants or its 
successors or permitted assigns or as may reasonably be believed to be required by subpoena, 
applicable law or governmental regulations or as may be necessary to effect the transactions 
contemplated hereby, in which case the party so disclosing shall use good faith efforts to limit 
disclosure to such third parties on a need-to-know basis. 
19) All notices and other communications required or permitted to be given under this Proposal shall be 
in writing and either hand-delivered or sent by PDF attachment to e-mail or nationally-utilized 
overnight delivery service on a priority basis, addressed as set forth in Appendix IV. Notices given 
by e-mail (other than PDF), fax or postal service shall not be effective. Any person may change its 
address for receipt of notices by written notice given as prescribed above. Notices shall be deemed 
to have been given and made on the Business Day on which hand-delivered or sent by PDF, or one 
Business Day after having been sent by nationally-utilized overnight delivery service on a priority 
basis. For all purposes of this Proposal, the term "Business Day" means any day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which banks in New York, New York are required or authorized to open for 
business. 
20) Each party represents that it has not entered into any agreement for consulting fees, commissions, 
brokerage fees or similar fees to be paid in connection with the transactions contemplated by this 
Proposal that would become the obligation of the other party. Buyer represents and warrants to 
Seller that it shall not enter into any agreement with any broker, dealer, advisor, finder or provider 
of similar services. Seller agrees to be responsible for and to pay the fees and expenses of Avpro 
Inc.in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Proposal in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of a separate agreement between them. 
21) This Proposal (including all Appendices) may for all purposes be executed in several counterparts, 
each of which shall be deemed an original, and all such counterparts, taken together, shall constitute 
one and the same instrument, even though all parties may not have executed the same counterpart. 
EFTA00590137
--- PAGE 14 ---
Stephen P. Hanson 
Page 14 
March 24,2016 
Each party may transmit its signature by PDF to the other party, and any signature and/or 
counterpart sent in this manner shall have the same force and effect as a manually executed original. 
22) This Proposal (including the Appendices hereto) sets forth the entire understanding between the 
parties with respect to sale and purchase of the Aircraft and supersedes any and all other agreements, 
understandings, communications, representations or negotiations, whether oral or written, relating 
thereto. This Proposal may not be modified, waived or amended other than by an instrument in 
writing executed by both Seller and Buyer. 
If you are in concurrence with the terms of this Proposal, please acknowledge by signing the 
acceptance below and returning it by pdf to 
by 5:00 p.m. on,April 
2016. 
(Deleted: March 28. 
Should you have any questions, please contact me on 
Sincerely, 
PATH AIR, LLC 
By: 
Name: 
Tide: 
of GE Capital US Holdings. Inc_ its attorney in 
fact 
The foregoing Proposal is hereby accepted: 
SFS, LLC 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
EFTA00590138
--- PAGE 15 ---
Stephen P. Hanson 
Page IS 
March 24, 2016 
ESCROW AGENT: 
Insured Aircraft Title Service hereby accepts the terms and 
conditions of this Proposal and agrees to perform and discharge 
all of the duties and obligations of the Escrow Agent hereunder 
strictly in accordance with the terms hereof: 
Insured Aircraft Title Service 
By: 
Name:  
Title:  
Date: 
EFTA00590139
--- PAGE 16 ---
Appendix I 
CERTIFICATE OF PRE-DELIVERY ACCEPTANCE OR REJECTION 
CHOOSE ONE: 
The Aircraft, as described below, has been inspected and flown to determine 
that the Aircraft is satisfactory to Buyer and Buyer's selection of this option and signature on this 
Certificate of Pre-Delivery Acceptance or Rejection evidences its unconditional acceptance of 
the Aircraft in accordance with the terms of the Proposal between Buyer and Seller dated March 
24, 2016 (the Proposal"), subject in all respects to performance in full by Seller of all of its 
obligations thereunder. 
The Aircraft, as described below, has been inspected and flown to determine 
that the Aircraft is satisfactory to Buyer, subject to Seller's remedying, at its sole cost and 
expense, the Airworthiness Discrepancies (as defined in the Proposal) identified during such 
inspection, and Buyer's selection of this option and signature on this Certificate of Pre-Delivery 
Acceptance or Rejection evidences Buyer's acceptance of the Aircraft in accordance with the 
terms of the Proposal, subject to the Seller's remedying said Airworthiness Discrepancies and 
subject further in all respects to performance in aril by Seller of all of Seller's obligations 
thereunder. Said Airworthiness Discrepancies are listed on the attachment to this Certificate of 
Pre-Delivery Acceptance or Rejection. 
The Aircraft, as described below, is hereby rejected by Buyer in its sole 
discretion. Buyer hereby terminates the Proposal and Seller is free to remarket the Aircraft to 
any person or entity it sees fit, and the Deposit referred to in the Proposal shall be immediately 
returned to Buyer at Buyer's direction: 
Aircraft Description: 
Make and Model: 
Serial No.: 
Registration No.: 
Make and Model of Engines: 
Serial numbers: 
Make, Model and Ser. No. of APU: 
Gulfstream 550 
5017 
N62MS 
Rolls-Royce BR710C4-1 
15137 and 15136. 
Honeywell RE220(GV), P-327 
EFTA00590140
--- PAGE 17 ---
Stephen P. Hanson 
Page 17 
March 24,2016 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Buyer has caused this Certificate of Pre-Delivery Acceptance 
or Rejection to be executed by its duly authorized representative this 
day of 
2016. 
SFS, LLC 
By: 
Name:  
Title: 
EFTA00590141
--- PAGE 18 ---
Appendix II 
AIRCRAFT.WARRANTY BILL OF SALE 
Deleted:  LIMITED 
Path Air. LLC (Seller, in consideration of the sum of Eighteen Million Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars (51g.5Ø000.001Ø by SFS, LLC 
(hereinafter calkd 'Buyer). receipt of which is acknowledged. hereby grants. sells. transfers and delivers to Buyer the airframe, engines and auxiliary power 
unit described below, together with all of It equipment and accessories installed thereon. all related log books. record; and manuals, and all mare par«, 
loose equipment and stilton equipment reined to thereto to the samt suet, spare pain. loam equipmem and suppers equipment are in Seller's posse:eon or 
under Seller's control the 'Aircrairi: 
Aimuft Description: 
Make and Model: 
(airstream 550 
Serial No: 
5017 
Regisnation No.: 
N02AIS 
Make and Model of Engines: Rolls.Royce BR710C4.II,Saial numbers: 15137 and 15136 
Make and Model of APU: Ikneywell RE:12001V) 
Serial Number 
P-327. 
BUYER IS PURCHASING THE AIRCRAFT DESCRIBED ABOVE IN RELIANCE UPON ITS PERSONAL INSPECTION AND KNOWLEDGE OF 
THE AIRCRAFT AND IN AN "AS IS. WHE.RE.I.S" CONDITION. 
EXCEPT AS SET FORTH HEREIN, SELLER MAKES NO WARRANTIES. EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. OF ANY KIND OR NATURE. EXCEPT THAT (1) 
BUYER WILL ACQUIRE. BY THE TERMS OF THIS AIRCRAFT WARRANTY BILL OF SALE TITLE. TO THE AIRCRAFT FREE FROM ALQ>seted: LIMITED 
LIENS. CLAIMS AND ENCUMBRANCES ,AND 44 
TIE 
TIE 
SELLER HAS 
E RIGHT TO SELL 
E AIRCRAFT. 
WITHOUT LIMITING TI  Deleted: CREATED BY SELLER OR ANY 
GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING. SELLER MAKES NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE QUALITY, CONTENT, CONDITIO PERSON CLAIMING BY. THROUGH OR 
MERCHANTABILITY. OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE AIRCRAFT AND NO WARRANTIES AGAINST PATEN UNDER SELLER.
INFRINGEMENT OR THE LIKE AND NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO. OR ARISING OUT OF, THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, 
CONTENT OR EXISTENCE.. OF ANY LOG BOOKS. CERTIFICATES. OR MAINTENANCE. RECORDS. 
Buyer agrees to save and bold honnless Seller fram and aping any and all federal, sum. municipal mad local liana fee and taxes of any kind a mire 
that Buyer would lamely incur, or Nes would normally be assessed against Buyer at a consequence of the sak of the Aircraft to Buyer, or the ownership, 
possession. emotion or use of the Aircinti by. Buyer from and after die execution and delivery of the Aircraft Warranty Bill of Sole to NA'« 
Deleted: Limited 
This Aircraft, Warranty Bill of Sale nay for all purposes he executed in smeral mammoths. each of which shall he deemed an original, and all 
. 
" 9>E/elated: LI mike 
counters* taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. men though bosh ponies may not haveexecuted diesamecounterpart 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF. Seller and Buyer have executed this Aueraft,Waminty Bill of Sale this 
day of 
. 2016 
SELLER: 
BUYER: 
PATH AIR LLC 
SFS, LLC 
By: 
By: 
Name: 
Name: 
Tide: 
Title: 
of GE Capital US Holdings. Inc.. attorney in fact 
Deleted: Limited 
EFTA00590142
--- PAGE 19 ---
Appendix III 
AIRCRAFT DELIVERY RECEIPT 
TYPE AIRCRAFT: 
Gulfstream 550 
SERIAL NUMBER: 
5017 
REGISTRATION NO4 N62MS 
PLACE OF DELIVERY: 
DATE OF DELIVERY: 
TIME OF DELIVERY: 
AIRFRAME HOURS:  
LANDINGS: 
ENGINE SERIAL NUMBER 15137: 
TOTAL TIME: 
 TOTAL CYCLES: 
ENGINE SERIAL NUMBER 15136: 
TOTAL TIME: 
APU SERIAL NUMBER P-327 
TOTAL TIME: 
TOTAL CYCLES: 
TOTAL CYCLES: 
Received from Path Air, LLC (-Seller"), at the time and place set forth above, in accordance with the 
Aircraft ,Warranty Bill of Sale dated as of  
, 2016 between Seller and SFS, LIA 
(“Buyer"). 
The undersigned is authorized by Buyer to accept the above referenced Aircraft and has accepted same. 
(signature page follows) 
Deleted: Limited 
EFTA00590143
--- PAGE 20 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Buyer has caused this Aircraft Delivery Receipt to be executed by its duly 
authorized representative this 
day of 
, 2016. 
Used Aircraft Accepted and Received by: 
BUYER: 
SFS, LLC 
BY: 
TITLE: 
DATE: 
EFTA00590144
--- PAGE 21 ---
Appendix IV 
ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES 
Seller: 
Path Air, LLC 
Wooster Heights, Lee Farm 
Danbury, Connecticut 06810 
Attn: Brian Huber 
E-mail: 
Buyer. 
SFS, LLC 
do Muchnick, Golieb & Golieb, P.C. 
200 Park Avenue South, Suite 1700 
New York, New York 10003 
E-mail: 
Escrow Agent: 
Insured Aircraft Title Service 
P.O. Box 19527 
Oklahoma City, OK 73144 
Attn: 
E-mail: 
EFTA00590145

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590146.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590146.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 of 5 
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Wed. 11 October 2017 15:10:14 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Sunday 15 Oct 17 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Air France 
AF 1744 
Pans. 
Moscow. 
12:55 PM 
05:40 PM 
Terminal 2 E 
Terminal E - International 
E Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Flight Information 
Charles De Gaulle 
Sheremetyevo 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 45 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A319 
Meal 
Meals 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
1PC 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Aeroflot 
SU 1548 
Moscow. 
Novosibirsk. 
08:30 PM 
04:40 AM / 16 Oct 2017 
Terminal D - Domestic/Intl 
Terminal A 
L Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Sheremetyevo 
Tolmachevo 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Baggage 
Hrs 10 Mins 
Airbus Industrie A321 Sharklets 
Dinner 
Non-stop 
2PC 
Page 1 of 5 
Itinerary JZAZBF 
,E61CAISI
E.:PRESS 
EFTA00590146
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 5 
Travel Details 
Sunday 26 Nov 17 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Aeroflot 
SU 1307 
Novosibirsk. 
Moscow. 
10:15 AM 
10:35 AM 
Terminal A 
Terminal D - Domestic/Intl 
N Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Flight Information 
Tolmachevo 
Sheremetyevo 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Baggage 
Hrs 20 Mins 
Airbus Industrie A321 Sharklets 
Lunch 
Non-stop 
2PC 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Operated By 
Aeroflot 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Air France 
AF 4855 
Moscow. 
Paris. 
01:05 PM 
03:00 PM 
Terminal D - Domestic/Intl 
Terminal 2 C 
V Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Sheremetyevo 
Charles De Gaulle 
Loyalty Program 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Baggage 
Hrs 55 Mins 
Airbus Industrie A320-100/200 
Lunch 
Non-stop 
1PC 
SU 
237757785 
Additional Messages 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Page 2 of S 
Itinerary J2AZEIF 
:
AV ER CAN 
OGRESS 
EFTA00590147
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 5 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed Opm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at www a mencenexpress.ccnit-
To book your stay, visit amerIcanexpress.cornlfhr or call your Travel Office. 
' Certain MOM categories ere not eligible for upgrade: cal Centurion Travel Service for details 
"Benefits vary by property: cell Centurion Travel Service for details. 
For more information on benefits and eligibility, please visit: 
• CENTURION FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: centurion.com 
• FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: anyixtraver ',amebic 
• The Hotel Collection: arnericaneihrev crimilickredit-rards/benefitaidetaifthe-hotel-rniortinnffiremier-ale 
• International Mine Program: lopernericanexpres&COM
• Cruise Privileges Program: amencanexoress.comkruseorivieoes 
• Platinum Destinations Vacations: amencenexpress.comAssIcredit-cardsibenefitstdetabbLatinum-desbnabons-vacations/olatinum 
• Pay with Pants: R 
canAxevesi (-nit roavwit,vren•q. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any lodge's'. tour, cruise, accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services includrig, without limitation, all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representakve or agent of Amencan Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively. 'Amex") has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
impiceed charges. ridding. but not limited to. daly resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-ouL You may wish to inquire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at ww.v 
 Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
International Travel Documentation and informatim 
Travelers desking transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining al necessary travel documents and complying with all government travel 
requirements. You must present all 13)0l entry and other documents requred by law. Amex shall not be responsible to you for any loss or expense due to your failure to 
comply with such requirements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carriage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws. regulations. orders. 
demands. or requirements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibility to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your joisney. Many 
countries require that your passport be vakd for up to six (6) months from yon date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign country. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at tin; 
s:ate ;":content-: 
rr I. Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on the foregoing 
website. 
Cuba Travel 
By traveling on your itnerary. all travelers are attesting that they are a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident and their travel to Cuba is authorized under the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations, and falls within one of the approved categories. For more information on each of the categories, please see Part 515.560 of the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations at http.//wwer ecfr •ov. Additional information can be found at bepidiwww treasury rtoviresource-center/sanctronaPronramaParski 
PgfIX. Travel for 
traditional tourist activities is prohibited, and travelers are expected to maintain a tut schedule of activities related to their category of travel. If providing any flamenco 
benefits under the American Express policy would violate U.S. economic or trade sanctions, then the policy will be void. 
Fntry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodicaty review yiww Visa^Antral rnm,ntrAx for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit rep...temente for your travel 
destriabon. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any hablity for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Page 3 of 5 
Itinerary JZAZBF 
a
ER)CAN 
EGRESS 
EFTA00590148
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of 5 
Air Transportation 
Airlines reserve the tight to change your seats at any time due to operational needs/aircraft reconfiguration. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important 
notices apply to air transportation. Please visit hAos://mvamentravel.corNstaticicondtbons for more information. 
Airline Notice on Hazardous Materials 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints, lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases, oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried ki your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further 
information contact your airline representative or visit htMcDowne fan onv,'aNalinn fintivevha>mat_sMeri 
The Centurions I oungg 
Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members have ter/kilned complimentary access to all locations of The Centurion Lounge. Gold Card and Green Card Additional 
Cards on your Platinum and Business Platnum Card account are not eligible for complimentary access. Card Members may bring up to two (2) companions into The 
Centurion Lounge. To access The Centurion Lounge. the Card Member must present The Centurion Lounge agent with the following upon each visit his or her valid Card. a 
boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for same-day travel on any carrier and a government-issued I.D. Failure to present this documentation may result n access 
being denied. Card Members wet not be compensated for changes in locations. rates or policies. A Card Member must be at least 18 years of age to enter without a parent 
or legal guardian. For locations with a self-service bar, the Card Member must be of legal drinking age n the location's jurisdiction to enter without a parent a legal 
guardian. Must be of legal drinking age to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. American Express reserves the right to remove any person from the 
Lounge for inappropriate behavior a failure to adhere to rules. includng. but not limited to. conduct that is disruptive. abusive or violent. Access is subject to space 
availability. Hours may vary by location and are subject to change. Amenities vary among The Centurion Lounge locations and are subject to change. Services and 
amenities in the Lounge we complimentary, however you are responsible fa any purchases and/or servicing charges you authorize cur Member Services Professionals to 
perform on your behalf. Some American Express Cards are not eligible for at services provided by Member Services Desk. American Express wit not be liable for any 
articles lost or stolen or damages suffered by the purchaser or visitor inside The Centurion Lounge. Use of The Centurion Lounge is subject to all rules and conditions set by 
American Express. American Express reserves the right to revise the rules at any time without notice. 
02017 American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. All rights reserved 
Liability Statement 
You understand and agree that American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affikates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex"). 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons a property resulting. diectly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services, cessation of operations. accidents or failures of 
equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres, earthquakes. floods, climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil unrest. 
strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents a failures related to the public intemet. telecommunications lines or faculdies, a third party technology systems. IX any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itneraries. In ties role. we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and from tine to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them access to or marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From tie to time we may enter into other business relabarships with suppliers and 
these arrangements, including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommendng dineranas. we 
may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA:
StateSoecific Disclosures: 
Upon cancellation of the transportation or travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled it violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. at sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier. 
without obtaining a refund and such other provider fails to provide the agreed-upon transportation or service. In this situation. the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establishing the disbursement of the customer payment. and if disbursed to a registered wholesaler of 
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the serer of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with the 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than S50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when required. The maximum amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A claim must be submitted to the TCRF with." 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A clam 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the darn and a S35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to wane their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRF's website at :mon,: tcranfn orn. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. at sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of reclining the fulls from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
lial!LAW Please visit httni'rn hawair2avpvl,files,2011;06:r.onsiimetahls redf for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which maintains our travel agency trust account is Bank of Hawaii. Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account. 
Page 4 of 5 
Itinerary J2AZBF 
EGRESS
AMERICAN 
EFTA00590149
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 o'5 
California CSTN1022318. Washington Will#500-469-694. Iowa TA#669. 
Page 5 of 5 
Itinerary JZAZBF 
:
AVER/CAN 
IDCPRESS 
EFTA00590150

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590151.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590151.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
INVOICE 
Generated: Tue. 05 January 201613:23:36 
Page I of 4 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket Information for 
Charges 
Airline Name 
American Airlines 
Ticket Date 
05/01/2016 
Total Charged to American Express 
347.36 
Ticket Number 
7741116030 
Invoice 
2426984 
Electronic 
Yes 
Ticket Base Fare 
388.00 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
415.26 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
803.26 
Ticket Exchange 
Original Fare/Ticket Credit - 8580 
(1059.36) 
New Fare/Ticket - 7741116030 
1143.72 
Amount Charge/Credit 
84.36 
Airline Ticket Exchange Fee 
263.00 
Ticket Information for 
Charges 
Airline Name 
Delta Air Lines 
Ticket Date 
28112/2015 
Total Charged to American Express 
347.36 
Ticket Number 
7739665681 
Invoice 
2407667 
Electronic 
Yes 
Ticket Base Fare 
793.00 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
350.72 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
1143.72 
Ticket Exchange 
Original Fare/Ticket Credit - 8580 
(1059.36) 
New Fare/Ticket - 7739665681 
1143.72 
Amount Charge/Credit 
84.36 
Airline Ticket Exchange Fee 
283.00 
The Baggage Rules of American Airlines apply to this itinerary, and can be accessed by visiting 
httos://mvamextravei comMaqqage 
Travel Details 
Thursday 07 Jan 16 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Page 1 of 4 
Invcoce ORCKMH 
EFTA00590151
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 4 
Other Information 
A VISA IS REQUIRED FOR ENTRY INTO USA 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
American Airlines 
AA45 
Pans. 
Charles De Gaulle 
New York. 
John F Kennedy International 
10:00 AM 
12:55 PM 
Terminal 2 A 
Terminal 8 
L Economy Class 
22A 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Wednesday 13 Jan 16 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 55 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 767-300/300E( 
Meal 
Lunch Snack 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
1PC 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
N Economy Class 
Seats 
Unassigned 
Operated By 
Finnair 
Assigned Seating Is Restricted To Airport Check In 
American Airlines 
AA8986 
New York. 
John F Kennedy International 
Vantaa. 
Helsinki-vantaa 
05:45 PM 
08:50 AM / 14 Jan 2016 
Terminal 2 
Travel Details 
Thursday 14 Jan 16 
Flight Information 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Baggage 
Hrs 5 Mins 
Airbus Industrie A350-900 
Hot Meal Snack 
Non-stop 
1PC 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Unassigned 
Assigned Seating is Restricted To Airport Check In 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Finnalr 
AY153 
Vantaa. 
Moscow. 
09:30 AM 
12:05 PM 
Terminal 2 
Terminal D - Domestic/Intl 
N Economy Class 
Helsinki-vantaa 
Sheremetyevo 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hr 35 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A319 
Meal 
Food-Bev/Pur 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
1PC 
Page 2 of 4 
Invoice ORCKMH 
'PR CAN 
µ EXPRESS 
EFTA00590152
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 4 
Additional Messages 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centwion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival, when available• 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a S100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two poop*" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at wwwamericane).‘ • 
To book your stay, visit amen canexpress.corrilthr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cat Centurion Travel Service for details 
•• Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at www.allianz.con. Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise. accommodations, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includig, without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. inctudirg, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodicaly review viww.Visacentralcom/amex for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit rep irements for your travel 
destnabon. Due to frequent changes. America, Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any hablity for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Air Transportation Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit https://myamextravel.conVstatic/conditions for more information 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include exptosrves. compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons, corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks, tear gases. oxygen bottles, and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in yos luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit Mtps:,,wwv.faa.gov,'alocthn I at 
nazrat_sa'et4F. 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly. from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations, accidents or 
failures of equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fees, earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public intemet. telecommunications lines or facilities. cc third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you n finding travel suppliers and mating arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppliers to you and recommending specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndependent third parry and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
oaten suppliers pay us commissions as well as eicenlives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to trne may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supportig technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
Page 3 of 4 
Invoice ORCKMH 
a
AVERKAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00590153
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of 4 
suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relabcnshps we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
• CALIFORNIA- This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restftution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than 650 for transportation or travel services vrnich the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
rani-num amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your claim 
and a $35 processeig fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim font by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977£001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: iinsw.tcrenfo.org. 
• WASHINGTON: if transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unt.ess the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
California CSTS1022318, Washington UBIN600'469-694. Iowa TA#669. 
Page 4 of 4 
Invoice ORCKMH 
ERICAtg 
"L. EXPRESS 
EFTA00590154

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590155.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590155.pdf
----------------------------------------
CBP Private Air APIS Guide 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
Office of Field Operations 
Version 2.0 
January 2010 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
EFTA00590155
--- PAGE 2 ---
Executive Summary 
Advance Passenger Information System (APIS) regulations require APIS manifests to be 
submitted to U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) for all private aircraft arriving from or 
departing for a foreign port or place. APIS regulations also require that electronic notices of 
arrival and departure and electronic manifests relative to travelers (passengers and crew) be 
submitted to CBP within specific timeframes. For detailed information on the APIS regulations, 
see Advance Information on Private Aircraft Arriving and Departing the United States, 73 Fed. 
Reg. 68,295 (Nov. 18, 2008) (19 CFR 122.22). Additional information on these requirements 
and procedures for private aircraft arriving in and/or departing from the United States is available 
in the "Guide for Private Flyers." These publications, along with other resources, are available at 
http://www.cbp.gov/xp/cgov/travel/pleasure boats/private flyers/. 
This guide serves to describe the criteria used and the manner in which CBP evaluates an APIS 
manifest for compliance with CBP requirements. APIS manifests are evaluated for submission 
timeliness, manifest completeness, data element sufficiency and compliance with APIS 
regulation validation rule sets. 
This guide does not purport to address every possible circumstance under which CBP may issue 
a penalty in connection with the APIS legal requirements, but is instead intended as general 
guidance to assist persons responsible for complying with APIS regulations. This document 
does not create or confer any right or benefit on any person or party, private or public. 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CBP Private Air APIS Guide. Version 2.0 — Page 1 
EFTA00590156
--- PAGE 3 ---
Table of Contents 
I. 
APIS Manifest Requirements 
II. 
APIS Manifest Submission Process 
III. Data Element Validation Rules 
A. Aircraft Information 
B. Flight Details — Arrivals in the United States 
C. Flight Details — Departures from the United States 
D. Traveler Information 
IV. Changes to Manifests 
V. 
How CBP Enforces APIS Requirements 
Appendix 
Notice of Arrival and Notice of Departure Worksheets 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CBP Private Air APIS Guide. Version 2.0 — Page 2 
EFTA00590157
--- PAGE 4 ---
I. APIS Manifest Requirements 
Pilots of all private aircraft arriving in the U.S. from a foreign port or place, or departing the U.S. 
for a foreign port or place are required to submit manifest information electronically to CBP for 
each individual traveling onboard the aircraft. 
APIS manifest submissions can be transmitted through the CBP Electronic Advance Passenger 
Information System (eAPIS) web portal or another CBP-approved electronic data interchange 
system. EAPIS is a web portal (https://eapis.cbp.dhs.gov) that enables users to create, manage, 
and submit APIS manifests. A notice of arrival or notice of departure is required in the same 
transmission as the corresponding arrival or departure traveler manifest information. This 
complete transmission will hereafter be referred to as an "APIS manifest" in this guide. 
Notices of arrival or departure submitted outside the eAPIS web portal or other CBP-
approved electronic data interchange system do not satisfy electronic manifest submission 
requirements. 
Telephone calls, ADCUS messages, faxes, e-mails, etc., do not meet electronic manifest 
submission (APIS) requirements (unless expressly authorized by CBP in a particular case). 
However, these types of informational communication are always encouraged and may be 
required by the CBP port of entry in addition to the electronic APIS manifest requirements 
discussed in this guide. 
Please note that APIS regulations do not apply to flights between the United States and the U.S. 
Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam, or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, as 
these locations are considered part of the United States for APIS purposes. Notice of arrival 
requirements previously in place for flights from the U.S. Virgin Islands still apply and can be 
found in Title 19 of the Code of Federal Regulations, section 122, subpart N. 
Additionally, private aircraft APIS regulations do not apply to overflights of foreign airspace, 
provided the private aircraft departs and arrives in the U.S. and does not land at a foreign port (or 
overflights of U.S. airspace that do not include a U.S. arrival or departure). 
The private aircraft pilot is responsible for ensuring that the APIS manifest is transmitted to 
CBP: 
I) In a manner that meets all quality standards: completeness, data element sufficiency, as 
well as overall compliance with APIS regulation validation rule sets. 
2) In a manner that meets all timeline submission requirements: 
• 
For flights originally destined for the United States, no later than 60 minutes prior to 
departure of the aircraft from the foreign port or place; or 
• 
For flights not originally destined to the United States, but diverted to a U.S. port due 
to an emergency, no later than 30 minutes prior to arrival; in cases of non-
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010— CEP Private Air APIS Guide. Version 2.0 — Page 3 
EFTA00590158
--- PAGE 5 ---
compliance, CBP will take into consideration that the pilot may not have been 
equipped to transmit the manifest and the circumstance of the emergency situation; or 
• 
For flights departing the United States for a foreign port or place, no later than 60 
minutes prior to departure. 
Failure to transmit an APIS manifest according to the above guidelines and/or failure to obtain 
permission to depart from DHS prior to departure (as required under 19 CFR 122.22(b)(6), 
(c)(5)), may result in penalty case initiation against the pilot-in-command of the aircraft. 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CBP Private Air APIS Guide. Version 2.0 — Page 4 
EFTA00590159
--- PAGE 6 ---
II. APIS Manifest Submission Process 
While APIS manifests submitted through the eAPIS web portal or another CBP-approved 
electronic data interchange system work to fulfill APIS reporting requirements, landing rights 
and other procedural interactions with the CBP local port still apply. The three steps for 
submitting an APIS manifest are outlined below: 
I) Complete the transmission of the APIS manifest through eAPIS, another CBP-approved 
electronic data interchange system, or a CBP-approved service provider. This will serve 
as the electronic notice of arrival/departure and traveler manifest submission. CBP 
recommends that the pilot keep a printed copy of the manifest. 
2) When an APIS manifest is received by CBP, an email receipt is generated and sent to the 
email address associated with the sender's eAPIS account. This email receipt will 
indicate whether the travelers are cleared for arrival in to or departure from the U.S. or if 
additional steps are necessary. CBP also recommends that the pilot keep a printed copy 
of the email receipt for future reference. 
3) Follow all (if any) instructions contained in the email receipt. The instructions will assist 
in the completion of any additional arrival/departure and/or landing rights procedures that 
may be required. 
Notice of Arrival and Notice of Departure Worksheets are provided in the appendix of this 
guide. Completion of the worksheets is not required but may help in the gathering of 
required information prior to beginning the submission process. 
For eAPIS manifest uploads or alternate submission methods, the extensible markup language 
(XML) schema is not addressed specifically in this guide. For more information on the use of 
the XML schema, please see the CBP Private Air APIS Business Rules available at 
www.cbp.gov.
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010— CEP Private Air APIS Guide. Version 2.0 — Page 5 
EFTA00590160
--- PAGE 7 ---
III. Data Element Validation Rules 
This section will serve to describe data elements required by APIS regulations and how these 
elements are evaluated for sufficiency. 
A. Aircraft Information 
Aircraft Tail Number 
The "Aircraft Tail Number" is the registration identification marking generally affixed to the tail 
of the aircraft. For U.S.-registered aircraft, this is also known as the N-number. 
CBP Data Element Validation: Data must be alphanumeric — no spaces or special characters 
(dots, hyphens, number signs, dashes, slashes, etc.) are permitted. The tail number must include 
all letters and numbers (for aircraft registered in the United States, this includes the "N"). 
Examples: 
N1234 (no error) 
N*123 (error, illegal character) 
1234 (error, "N" missing) 
Type of Aircraft 
The "Type of Aircraft" field should contain the make and model of the aircraft. 
CBP Data Element Validation: Error if missing or invalid. This field is free text alphanumeric 
and includes special characters. 
Examples: 
Cessna 400 (no error) 
Beechcraft King Air 350 (no error) 
Aircraft Colors 
This element should include the color scheme of the aircraft with the base color(s) first, followed 
by the trim color(s). 
CBP Data Element Verification: Alpha and some special characters only (apostrophe, dash, 
period and space) are permitted. 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CBP Private Air APIS Guide. Version 2.0 — Page 6 
EFTA00590161
--- PAGE 8 ---
Call Sign 
This is the "Aircraft Identification" as filed in the FAA flight plan. In some cases, the call sign 
may be the same value as the tail number. 
CBP Data Element Validation: This free text alphanumeric field is not validated. This 
information should be included if it is available. 
CBP Issued Decal Number 
CBP Data Element Validation: Data must be numeric. No alpha or special characters or 
spaces are permitted. 
For information on how to obtain a CBP Decal, please go to 
http://www.cbp.gov/xp/ceov/travel/pleasure boats/user fee/user fee decal.xml. 
Operator Name 
The operator will be either an individual or company. Either the name fields or company name 
field should be completed, not both. The middle name of the individual is required if applicable. 
CBP Data Element Validation: Error if missing or invalid. Only alphabetic characters are 
permitted but inclusion of a hyphen or apostrophe is acceptable in the name fields. If a business 
entity is used, alphanumeric and the following special characters are permitted: forward slash, 
back slash, hyphen, apostrophe, the "at" sign (@), period, comma and space. 
Operator Address 
CBP Data Element Validation: Data should be alphanumeric and special characters as 
required for each field (e.g. email address may contain "@"). The following special characters 
are permitted: forward slash, back slash, hyphen, apostrophe, the "at" sign (@), period, comma 
and space. 
Owner/Lessee Name 
See Operator Name section above. 
Owner/Lessee Address 
See Owner/Lessee Address section above. 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010— CBP Private Air APIS Guide. Version 2.0 — Page 7 
EFTA00590162
--- PAGE 9 ---
B. Flight Details — Arrivals to the United States 
Date of Aircraft Arrival 
CBP Data Element Validation: The date must be numeric in month (MM), day (DD) and year 
(YYYY) format. Error if missing or invalid. 
Examples: 
05-31-2009 (no error) 
13-12-2009 (error, invalid month) 
05-32-2009 (error, invalid day) 
*5-&5-2009 (error, invalid, illegal characters in month and date fields) 
U.S. Arrival Information - Name of Intended U.S. Airport of First Landing 
CBP Data Element Validation: "Airport- data must be alphanumeric — no spaces or special 
characters (dots, hyphens, number signs, dashes, slashes, etc.) are permitted. For notices of 
arrival, the "Airport" is generally the four-character International Civil Aviation Organization 
(ICAO) code of the intended airport of arrival. This element is validated from the table provided 
in eAPIS. 
Pilots may only arrive at approved CBP airports of entry (from the table provided in 
eAPIS) unless permission has been otherwise granted by CBP to arrive at another port or 
place (Fixed Base Operator (FBO), landing strip, etc.). CBP, based on security or other 
risk assessments, may limit the locations where aircraft entering the United States from a 
foreign port or place may land. 
Pilots seeking to arrive at an unlisted location should contact the CBP port of entry closest to the 
proposed landing site. 
If an arrival has been approved at an unlisted location: 
1) Enter the closest CBP port of entry (from the table provided in eAPIS) to the approved 
landing site in the "Airport" field, and 
2) Describe the actual place of arrival in the "Arrival Location Description" field. The 
"City" field should be the city where the aircraft is actually arriving. 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CBP Private Air APIS Guide. Version 2.0 — Page 8 
EFTA00590163
--- PAGE 10 ---
Foreign Departure Information - Place of Last Departure (ICAO airport code, when 
available) 
CBP Data Element Validation: "Airport" data must be alphanumeric — no spaces or special 
characters (dots, hyphens, number signs, dashes, slashes, etc.) are permitted. 
Departures from a foreign port or place can originate from almost anywhere. If the last foreign 
departure point is from a port or place that does not have an ICAO airport code, use the ICAO 
airport code of the airport nearest to the departure site. The "Country" element is validated 
from the table provided in eAPIS. The "City" field should be the foreign city from which the 
aircraft is actually departing. 
Complete Itinerary 
This is a list of all foreign airports landed at within the 24 hours prior to landing in the United 
States. 
CBP Data Element Validation: This is a free text field. Data should be alphanumeric. 
Five airports may be entered. These values should be the 4-character ICAO codes of the foreign 
airports visited prior to the foreign departure location if the trip originates at other than the 
"Place of Last Departure." 
Estimated Time of Arrival 
This is the local estimated time of arrival at the U.S. location. 
CBP Data Element Validation: Only numeric data from 0001-2400 is permitted. 
The time should be entered in HHMM military format (24-hour clock), where 2:20 
0220, 
10:15 M.= 1015, and 3:45 
= 1545. 
Examples: 
0030 (no error) 
2430 (error, invalid time) 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CBP Private Air APIS Guide. Version 2.0 — Page 9 
EFTA00590164
--- PAGE 11 ---
Estimated Time and Location of Crossing U.S. Border/Coastline 
CBP Data Element Validation: This is a free text field. Data should be alphanumeric and 
some special characters are permitted: forward slash, back slash, hyphen, apostrophe, the "at" 
sign (@), period, comma and space. This element is required. Error if missing or invalid. 
This element should be the time and location where the aircraft is expected to cross the U.S. 
border when arriving in to the U.S. This location value may be given as a physical description or 
a latitude and longitude reading and is the pilot's description of what is expected or planned at 
the time of the APIS manifest submission. Changes to the "Estimated Time and Location of 
Crossing U.S. Border/Coastline" do not necessitate manifest resubmission. 
Examples: 
1000 Zulu, 15 miles SE of Miami 
15:30 UTC, Niagara Falls, US/Canada border 
I:15am local, 31.25977,-110.874023 (latitude and longitude) 
24-Hour Emergency Point of Contact Information 
CBP Data Element Verification: See "Operator Name" section above. 
Full name and telephone number are required for the 24-hour emergency point of contact. An 
email address is not required but is strongly recommended. In the event of a DHS response 
email with special instructions, a copy will also be sent to this email address. 
C. Flight Details — Departures from the United States 
Date of Aircraft Departure 
CBP Data Element Validation: The date must be numeric in month (MM), day (DD) and year 
(YYYY) format. Error if missing or invalid. 
Examples: 
05-31-2009 (no error) 
13-12-2009 (error, invalid month) 
05-32-2009 (error, invalid day) 
*5-86-2009 (error, invalid, illegal characters in month and date fields) 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CBP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0 — Page 10 
EFTA00590165
--- PAGE 12 ---
Foreign Arrival Information - Name of Intended Foreign Airport of First Landing 
CBP Data Element Validation: "Airport" data must be alphanumeric — no spaces or special 
characters (dots, hyphens, number signs, dashes, slashes, etc.) are permitted. For notices of 
arrival, this element is validated from the table provided in eAPIS. 
The "Airport" is the four-character ICAO code of the intended airport of arrival. 
U.S. Departure Information - Place of Last Departure 
CBP Data Element Validation: "CBP Airport" data must be alphanumeric — no spaces or 
special characters (dots, hyphens, number signs, dashes, slashes, etc.) are permitted. For notices 
of departure, this element is validated from the table provided in eAPIS. 
Departures from the U.S. can originate from virtually anywhere. If the last U.S. departure point 
is from a port or place that does not have an airport code listed in the table provided in eAPIS, 
use the airport code of the nearest CBP airport to the departure site. In the "Actual Departure 
Location Description" field, describe the actual place from which the aircraft will depart. This is 
an optional field which should be used only when the location of actual departure differs from 
the airport listed in the "CBP Airport" field. 
The "City" field should be the actual city from which the aircraft is departing. 
Examples: 
An aircraft is departing from Wittman Regional Airport (KOSH) in Oshkosh, WI. KOSH is not 
listed as a CBP airport of departure. For this flight, the CBP airport closest to the point of 
departure is Austin Straubel International Airport (KGRB) in Green Bay, WI. The CBP airport 
of departure ("Airport") should be entered as KGRB. The actual city of departure ("City") is 
Oshkosh. The "Actual Departure Location Description" may be entered as KOSH. 
Complete Itinerary 
This is a list of all intended foreign airport destinations for the 24 hours following departure. 
CBP Data Element Validation: This is a free text field. Data should be alphanumeric. 
Five airports may be entered. These values should be the 4-character ICAO codes of the 
additional foreign airports that will be visited if the final destination of the trip is other than the 
"Intended Foreign Airport of First Landing." 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CBP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0 — Page 11 
EFTA00590166
--- PAGE 13 ---
Estimated Time of Departure 
This is the local estimated time of departure from the U.S. location. 
CBP Data Element Validation: Only numeric data from 0001-2400 is permitted. 
The time should be entered in HHMM military format (24-hour clock), where 2:20 
0220, 
10:15 M.= 1015, and 3:45 n.1545. 
Examples: 
0030 (no error) 
2430 (error, invalid time) 
Estimated Time and Location of Crossing U.S. Border/Coastline 
CBP Data Element Validation: This is a free text field. Data should be alphanumeric and 
some special characters are permitted: forward slash, back slash, hyphen, apostrophe, the "at" 
sign (@), period, comma and space. This element is required. Error if missing or invalid. 
This element should be the time and location where the aircraft is expected to cross the U.S. 
border when departing the U.S. This location value may be given as a physical description or a 
latitude and longitude reading and is the pilot's description of what is expected or planned at the 
time of the APIS manifest submission. Changes to the "Estimated Time and Location of 
Crossing U.S. Border/Coastline" do not necessitate manifest resubmission. 
Examples: 
1000 Zulu, 15 miles SE of Miami 
15:30 UTC, Niagara Falls, US/Canada border 
11:15am local, 31.25977,-110.874023 (latitude and longitude) 
24-Hour Emergency Point of Contact Information 
CBP Data Element Verification: See "Operator Name" section above. 
Full name and telephone number are required for the 24-hour emergency point of contact. An 
email address is not required but is strongly recommended. In the event of a DHS response 
email with special instructions, a copy will also be sent to this email address. 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CBP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0 — Page 12 
EFTA00590167
--- PAGE 14 ---
D. Traveler Information 
All document data should reflect the information from the travel document biographical page. 
Full Name consists of last, first, and, if available, middle name data elements: 
Last Name 
CBP Data Element Validation: Error if missing or invalid. Only alpha characters are 
permitted but the inclusion of a hyphen or apostrophe is acceptable. 
Examples: 
O'Neill (no error) 
Sm#th (error, illegal character) 
First Name 
CBP Data Element Validation: Error if missing or invalid. Only alpha characters are 
permitted and the complete first name is required. Initials should not be used. Name data should 
be entered as it appears on the travel document (biographical data page of a passport, alien 
registration card, etc.). Name elements should not include name prefixes or suffixes (Mr., Mrs., Jr., 
etc.) unless included in the travel document. 
Examples: 
$ohn (error, illegal character) 
J (this is only acceptable if it matches the travel document information) 
In cases where the traveler only has a single name in the travel document (first or last), the single 
name should be entered in the "Last Name" field. The "First Name" field should not be left 
blank; it should be filled with "FNU". The use of "FNU" (First Name Unknown) should be 
limited to instances where the person's legal name consists of one single name. 
Middle Name 
CBP Data Element Validation: The middle name data is only required if applicable (if it is 
included in the travel document) and will only be counted as an error if invalid characters are 
submitted. Only alpha characters are permitted. 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CBP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0 — Page 13 
EFTA00590168
--- PAGE 15 ---
Status On Board the Aircraft 
CBP Data Element Validation: Error if missing or invalid. 
When adding a crewmember, the traveler's status on board the aircraft must be selected as 
"pilot" or "crew". CBP recognizes that the operation of certain aircraft may require multiple 
pilots. In an APIS context, the "pilot" is the individual responsible for the operation of the 
aircraft while in flight; the "pilot-in-command" of the aircraft. Therefore, for APIS purposes, 
only one "pilot" can be designated per flight manifest. 
The "pilot" is solely responsible for the accuracy, correctness, completeness, validity, and 
timeliness of the notice of arrivaUdeparture and traveler manifest APIS submission. Any 
other person serving in good faith toward the furtherance of the manifested flight should be 
entered as "crew" in the APIS manifest submission. 
Traveler Gender 
CBP Data Element Validation: Error if missing or invalid. Only submissions of "M" for male 
and "F" for female are accepted. 
Date of Birth 
CBP Data Element Validation: The date must be numeric in month (MM), day (DD) and year 
(YYYY) format. Error if missing or invalid. 
Examples: 
05-31-2002 (no error) 
13-12-1970 (error, invalid month) 
05-32-1970 (error, invalid day) 
Country of Residence 
CBP Data Element Validation: Error if missing or invalid. 
Examples: 
BHS (no error— Bahamas) 
BHR (no error — Bahrain) 
BAH (error, invalid country code) 
The "Country of Residence" value is validated against the table provided in eAPIS. 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CBP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0 — Page 14 
EFTA00590169
--- PAGE 16 ---
Country of Citizenship 
CBP Data Element Validation: Error if missing or invalid. The citizenship submission should 
reflect data contained within the biographical page of the travel document. 
Examples: 
BHS (no error — Bahamas) 
BHR (no error — Bahrain) 
BAH (error, invalid country code) 
The "Country of Citizenship" value is validated against the table provided in eAPIS. 
Pilot Street Address 
This should be the permanent address of the pilot-in-command of the aircraft. 
CBP Data Element Validation: Data should be alphanumeric and special characters as 
required for each field. The following special characters are permitted: forward slash, back 
slash, hyphen, apostrophe, the "at" sign (@), period, comma and space. 
Address While in the United States 
A U.S. address must be submitted for all travelers onboard the aircraft whether arriving or 
departing the United States. For travelers who reside in the U.S., the value will most likely 
reflect their U.S. home address. For travelers who reside outside the U.S., the value should 
reflect where they will stay (or did stay) during their visit in the U.S. The U.S. address 
submission should include valid street, city, state, and zip code data. 
CBP Data Element Validation: Data should be alphanumeric and special characters as 
required for each field. The following special characters are permitted: forward slash, back 
slash, hyphen, apostrophe, the "at" sign (@), period, comma and space. 
Blatantly invalid data submissions will be identified as an error and may result in penalty case 
initiation (i.e., "Unknown", "Refused", "Passenger declined", etc.). 
Example: If a Canadian family is flying in to the United States to attend AirVenture Oshkosh 
and will be setting up a tent by their aircraft, then the correct "Address While in the United 
States" to use would be the physical address of the Wittman Regional Airport (KOSH) where 
they are camped: 
525 W 20'h Avenue 
Oshkosh, WI 54902 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CBP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0 — Page 15 
EFTA00590170
--- PAGE 17 ---
Document Information - The APIS submission for each traveler must include a DHS-approved 
travel document when required for travel by law and/or regulation. For APIS purposes, the 
travel document data required for entry into the United States is the same travel document data 
required for departure from the United States. 
The eAPIS web portal affords the user the ability to submit up to two travel documents for each 
traveler. For pilots of private aircraft, a travel document used to make entry in to the United 
States (i.e., passport, alien registration card, etc.) is required in the first document field and a 
pilot's license is required in the second document field. 
There are some rare instances where a traveler may choose to have two travel documents 
submitted (most likely an alien registration card and a passport) on his/her behalf. When a 
traveler has an alien registration number, it must be submitted as one of the document types. In 
any case, a second document entry that is not specifically listed in the available document types, 
such as a driver license or a state-issued identification card, is not required and should not be 
submitted. 
There are four common elements associated with document submissions: document type, 
document number, document country of issuance, and document expiration date. 
1) DHS-Approved Travel Document Type 
Examples: Passport, U.S. Permanent Resident Card, U.S. Alien Registration Card 
CBP Data Element Validation: Error if missing or invalid. 
Acceptable documents may vary between crew document I, crew document 2, passenger 
document I and passenger document 2. Please select from the drop-down list in eAPIS. 
In most cases, a second document is not needed for a passenger. Pilots, though, always 
require a second document; the pilot's license. 
2) DHS-Approved Travel Document Number 
CBP Data Element Validation: Error if missing or invalid. Data must be alphanumeric —
no spaces or special characters (dots, hyphens, number signs, dashes, slashes, etc.) are 
permitted. 
3) DHS-Approved Travel Document Country of Issuance 
CBP Data Element Validation: The value in this field should be the three-character 
country code of the country that issued the document. 
Example: A United States passport issued by the U.S. Embassy in London, England, is still 
issued by the United States. The "Country of Issuance" is "USA". 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CBP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0 — Page 16 
EFTA00590171
--- PAGE 18 ---
The "Country of Issuance" value is validated against the table provided in eAPIS. 
4) DHS-Approved Travel Document Expiration Date 
When required and available, i.e. pilot's licenses and a small group of passports may not 
have expiration dates. In cases where a document has no expiration date listed, the 
expiration date should be left blank. 
CBP Data Element Validation: The date must be numeric in month (MM), day (DD) and 
year (YYYY) format. Error if missing or invalid. 
Examples: 
05-31-2012 (no error) 
13-12-2012 (error, invalid month) 
05-32-2012 (error, invalid day) 
*5-86-2012 (error, invalid, illegal characters in month and date fields) 
Although eAPIS allows for the selection "No Document Provided", CBP regulations require 
that the DHS-approved travel document type, number, country of issuance and expiration 
date (where applicable) be included in the manifest submission if a travel document is 
required to enter the U.S. 
The "No Document Provided" selection is reserved for rare emergency instances. In cases 
where "No Document Provided" values are submitted, CBP will take into consideration the 
circumstances of the emergency before any penalty case initiation. 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CBP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0 — Page 17 
EFTA00590172
--- PAGE 19 ---
IV. Changes to Manifests 
The private aircraft pilot is obligated to make necessary changes to the APIS manifest after it has 
been transmitted to CBP. If changes to an already submitted manifest are necessary, an updated 
and amended manifest must be resubmitted to CBP. 
If additional travelers are added to an already-submitted manifest, an updated manifest 
submission with the new traveler information is required. When a traveler on an already-
submitted manifest does not travel on the flight, current CBP policy does not require submission 
of an updated manifest. 
Certain changes to an already-submitted manifest do not require electronic resubmission. Flight 
cancellations, changes in expected time of arrival (ETA)/departure (ETD), or changes in 
arrival/departure location may be submitted telephonically, by radio, or through existing 
processes and procedures. 
On a limited case-by-case basis, CBP may permit a pilot to submit or update notice of arrival or 
departure and arrival/departure manifest information telephonically when unforeseen 
circumstances preclude submission of the information via eAPIS. Under such circumstances, 
CBP will manually process the notice of arrival/departure and traveler manifest information 
provided by the pilot; the pilot is required to wait for CBP screening and approval to depart. In 
these cases, the pilot should contact the CBP airport of arrival/departure for assistance. 
Changes in ETA and arrival location must be coordinated with the CBP arrival location to 
ensure that resources are available to inspect the arriving aircraft. 
If an updated manifest is submitted, any approval to depart previously granted by CBP is 
invalid. The private aircraft pilot must receive approval from CBP for the amended 
manifest before the aircraft may depart. 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CBP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0 — Page 18 
EFTA00590173
--- PAGE 20 ---
V. How CBP Enforces APIS Requirements: 
CBP enforces APIS compliance through three types of penalty case initiation processes: 
1) No APIS MANIFEST: A syntactically compliant APIS manifest has not been received 
by CBP for an arrival from or a departure for a foreign port or place. 
2) Late APIS MANIFEST: An APIS manifest has not been received by CBP within 
prescribed timelines for an arrival from or a departure for a foreign port or place. 
3) Insufficient APIS MANIFEST: An APIS manifest has been received by CBP that 
contains invalid, incorrect, or incomplete information. 
4) Failure to follow DHS instructions: Prior to departure to or from the United States, the 
pilot of a private aircraft must receive a message from DHS approving departure and 
follow any instructions contained therein prior to departure. 
The pilot is ultimately responsible for the validity, accuracy, completeness and timeliness of the 
APIS manifest even if submitted through a third party. In the event of an APIS deficiency, CBP 
will consider the circumstances surrounding the alleged infraction before any APIS penalty case 
initiation occurs. Pilots are encouraged to describe any and all mitigating factors when APIS 
deficiencies are identified. 
As explained in the comments section of the "Advance Information on Private Aircraft Arriving 
and Departing the United States" final rule, APIS penalty cases are assessed against the aircraft 
pilot in the amount of $5,000 for the first violation and $10,000 for each subsequent violation. 
For additional information regarding the assessment and mitigation of these penalties, please 
refer to "Customs Administrative Enforcement Process: Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures and 
Liquidated Damages" available at www.cbp.gov.
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CBP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0 — Page 19 
EFTA00590174
--- PAGE 21 ---
APIS Guide Updates: 
The most recent version of this guide can be found at www.cbp.gov. 
Contact Information: 
Please direct all questions, comments, or concerns about this guide by emailing 
Private.Aircraft.Support@dhs.gov or by calling (704) 329-6118. 
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CEP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0 — Page 20 
EFTA00590175
--- PAGE 22 ---
Appendix 
Notice of Arrival Worksheet 
Completion of this worksheet is not required, but it may help in the gathering of required information 
prior to beginning the submission process. Completing this worksheet does not fulfill any notice of 
arrival/landing rights requirements. All information must be transmitted through eAPIS or another CBP-
approved electronic data interchange system. 
Aircraft Tail Number:  
Foreign Departure Information 
Country:  
 Airport: 
City: 
Date:  
 ETD Local Time:  
Flight Itinerary — Airports within 24 Hours of Departure (ICAO airport codes): 
Estimated Time and Location of Crossing U.S. Border or Coastline: 
U.S. Arrival Information 
Airport:  
 Date: 
ETA Local Time: 
City:  
 State: 
Arrival Location Description:  
Hour Emergency Contact Information 
Last Name:  
 First Name:  
 Middle Name:  
Telephone Number:  
 Email Address:  
Traveler Counts — Crew: 
Passengers:  
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CEP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0 — Appendix i 
EFTA00590176
--- PAGE 23 ---
Notice of Arrival Worksheet (continued) 
Type of Aircraft:  
 Color:  
Call Sign:  
 CBP Decal Number:  
Aircraft Operator Information 
Last Name:  
 First Name:  
 Middle Name: 
SCR Company Name:  
Street Address:  
 Apartment or Suite Number:  
City:  
 State/Province:  
 Zip/Postal:  
 Country: 
Telephone Number:  
 Fax Number:  
 Email Address:  
Aircraft Owner/Lessee Information 
Owner Name — 
Last Name:  
 First Name:  
 Middle Name:  
PI Company Name:  
Street Address:  
 Apartment or Suite Number:  
City:  
 State/Province:  
 Zip/Postal:  
 Country: 
Telephone Number:  
 Fax Number:  
 Email Address:  
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010— CBP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0— Appendix ii 
EFTA00590177
--- PAGE 24 ---
Notice of Arrival Worksheet (continued) 
Crew Details 
Last Name:  
 First Name:  
 Middle Name:  
City of Birth:  
State or Province of Birth:  
 Country of Birth:  
Date of Birth:  
 Crew Member Status (pilot or crew):  
 Gender (M or F):  
Country of Residence:  
 Country of Citizenship:  
Permanent Address — Street Address:  
City:  
 State/Province:  
Zip/Postal:  
Country:  
Address While in the U.S. - Street Address:  
City:  
 State/Province:  
Zip/Postal:  
Document Information 
Document 1 
Document Type:  
Document Number: 
Country of Issuance:  
 Expiration Date:  
Document 2 (must be "pilot's license" if status is "pilot") Document Type:  
Document Number: 
Country of Issuance:  
 Expiration Date:  
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010- CBP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0 — Appendix iii 
EFTA00590178
--- PAGE 25 ---
Notice of Arrival Worksheet (continued) 
Passenger Information 
Last Name:  
Country of Residence: 
Address While in the U.S. 
Street Address:  
City:  
 State/Province: 
Document Information 
First Name: 
Middle Name:  
 Gender: 
Document 1 
Document Number: 
Document 2 
Document Number: 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Citizenship:  
Zip/Postal:  
Document Type:  
 Country of Issuance:  
 Expiration Date:  
Document Type:  
 Country of Issuance:  
 Expiration Date:  
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010— CBP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0— Appendix iv 
EFTA00590179
--- PAGE 26 ---
Notice of Departure Worksheet 
Completion of this worksheet is not required, but it may help in the gathering of required information 
prior to beginning the submission process. Completing this worksheet does not fulfill notice of departure 
requirements. This information must be transmitted to CBP electronically through eAPIS or another CBP-
approved electronic data interchange system. 
Aircraft Tail Number:  
U.S. Departure Information 
CBP Airport:  
 City:  
 State: 
Date:  
 ETD Local Time:  
Actual Departure Location Description: 
Foreign Arrival Information 
Country: 
Airport:  
 City:  
 Date:  
 ETA Local Time: 
Flight Itinerary — Intended Foreign Airport Destinations for 24 Hours Following Departure (ICAO airport 
codes):  
Estimated Time and Location of Crossing U.S. Border or Coastline: 
Hour Emergency Contact Information 
Last Name:  
 First Name:  
 Middle Name:  
Telephone Number:  
 Email Address:  
Traveler Counts — Crew: 
Passengers:  
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010— CBP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0— Appendix v 
EFTA00590180
--- PAGE 27 ---
Notice of Departure Worksheet (continued) 
Aircraft Information 
Type of Aircraft:  
 Color:  
Call Sign:  
 CBP Decal Number:  
Aircraft Operator Information 
Last Name:  
 First Name:  
 Middle Name: 
SCR Company Name:  
Street Address:  
 Apartment or Suite Number:  
City:  
 State/Province:  
 Zip/Postal:  
 Country: 
Telephone Number:  
 Fax Number:  
 Email Address:  
Aircraft Owner/Lessee Information 
Owner Name — 
Last Name:  
 First Name:  
 Middle Name:  
PI Company Name:  
Street Address:  
 Apartment or Suite Number:  
City:  
 State/Province:  
 Zip/Postal:  
 Country: 
Telephone Number:  
 Fax Number:  
 Email Address:  
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010— CBP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0— Appendix vi 
EFTA00590181
--- PAGE 28 ---
Notice of Departure Worksheet (continued) 
Crew Details 
Last Name:  
 First Name:  
 Middle Name:  
City of Birth:  
State or Province of Birth:  
 Country of Birth:  
Date of Birth:  
 Crew Member Status (pilot or crew):  
 Gender (M or F):  
Country of Residence:  
 Country of Citizenship:  
Permanent Address — Street Address:  
City:  
 State/Province:  
Zip/Postal:  
Country:  
Address While in the U.S. - Street Address:  
City:  
 State/Province:  
Zip/Postal:  
Document Information 
Document 1 
Document Type:  
Document Number: 
Country of Issuance:  
 Expiration Date:  
Document 2 (must be "pilot's license" if status is "pilot") Document Type:  
Document Number: 
Country of Issuance:  
 Expiration Date:  
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010- CBP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0 — Appendix vii 
EFTA00590182
--- PAGE 29 ---
Notice of Departure Worksheet (continued) 
Last Name:  
Country of Residence: 
Address While in the U.S. 
Street Address:  
City:  
 State/Province: 
Document Information 
First Name: 
Middle Name:  
 Gender: 
Document 1 
Document Number: 
Document 2 
Document Number: 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Citizenship:  
Zip/Postal:  
Document Type:  
 Country of Issuance:  
 Expiration Date:  
Document Type:  
 Country of Issuance:  
 Expiration Date:  
SUITABLE FOR PUBLIC DISSEMINATION 
January, 2010 — CBP Private Air APIS Guide, Version 2.0-Appendix viii 
EFTA00590183

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590184.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fowler White Burnett 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 
WIRE TRANSFER INSTRUCTIONS 
->DOMESTIC€ 
OPERATING ACCOUNT 
Wire Transfer to: 
For Credit to: 
Fowler White File No./Attorney: 
City National Bank 
1450 Brickell Avenue, 28th Floor 
Miami, Florida 33131 
ABA No. 066004367 
Espirito Santo Plaza 
Fourteenth Floor 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, Florida 33131 
www.fowlerwhite.com 
Fowler White Burnett 
., Operating Account 
1395 Brickell Avenue, 14 Floor, Miami, FL 33131 
Account No. 1753864599 
80743 Jeffrey Epstein/CEK 
All wire transfers must include 'file number' for proper credit 
Prepared by: Sylvia V. Boruck 
Miami • Fort Lauderdale • West Palm Beach 
EFTA00590184

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590185.pdf
----------------------------------------
NC: A6DFR 
E/C (Category: ALL) 
A/C Actual Compliance Last - Reason 
Type/Series: B737-700/BBJ1 
Document/SB 
NC S/N: 30884 
Print Date 07/09/2016 13:48 
Page: 1 of 1 
NC Hours: 6153:30 
NC Cycles: 
2203 As Of: 03/08/2016 
Schedule 
Remaining/ 
E/C Description: 
Hrs/Cys/Dys/Dte Next Due 
Last Compliance Information 
E/C: 0500B737 Al 
Category: AMS 
Status: OPEN 
Rev: 03 
A CHECK 
750 Hrs 
182 Dys 
Recur 
EARLIEST 
750:00 
165 
19/02/2017 
Ament NO 
WO 50718 
21108/2016 
Rev: 03 
NC Total Hours: 6153:30 NC Total Cycles: 2203 
EFTA00590185
--- PAGE 2 ---
NC: A6DFR 
E/C (Category: ALL) 
A/C Actual Compliance Last - Reason 
Type/Series: 8737-700/B8A 
Document/SB 
NC S/N: 30884 
Print Date 07/09/2016 13:49 
Page: 1 of 1 
NC Hours: 6153:30 
NC Cycles: 
2203 As Of: 03/08/2016 
Schedule 
Remaining! 
E/C Description: 
Hrs/Cys/Dys/Dte Next Due 
Last Compliance Information 
E/C: 05008737 A2 
Category: AMS 
Status: OPEN 
Rev: 7 
2A CHECK 
1500 Hrs 
365 Dys 
Recur 
EARLIEST 
1500:00 
348 
21/08/2017 
Ament NO 
WO 50718 
21/08/2016 
Rev: 7 
NC Total Hours: 6153:30 NC Total Cycles: 2203 
EFTA00590186
--- PAGE 3 ---
NC: A6DFR 
E/C (Category: ALL) 
A/C Actual Compliance Last - Reason 
Type/Series: B737-700IBBJt 
Document/SB 
NC S/N: 30884 
Print Date 07/09/2016 13:49 
Page: 1 of 1 
NC Hours: 6153.30 
NC Cycles: 
2203 As Of: 03/08/2016 
Schedule 
Remaining/ 
E/C Description: 
Hrs/Cys/Dys!Dte Next Due 
Last Compliance Information 
E/C: 05008737 A4 
Category: AMS 
Status: OPEN 
Rev: 5 
4A CHECK 
3000 Hrs 
730 Dys 
Recur 
EARLIEST 
3000:00 
713 
21/08/2018 
Reason 
Ament NO 
DUE DATE OF PARENT FIRST DUE DATE OF 
DIE EARLIEST CHILD 
WO 50718 
21108/2016 
Rev: 5 
NC Total Hours: 6153:30 NC Total Cycles: 2203 
EFTA00590187
--- PAGE 4 ---
NC: A6DFR 
E/C (Category: ALL) 
A/C Actual Compliance Last - Reason 
Type/Series: B737-700/BBJ1 
Document/SB 
NC S/N: 30884 
Print Date 07/09/2016 13:50 
Page: 1 of 1 
NC Hours: 615330 
NC Cycles: 
2203 As Of: 03/08/2016 
Schedule 
Remaining/ 
E/C Description: 
Hrs/Cys/DysIDte Next Due 
Last Compliance Information 
IC CHECK 
E/C: 05008737 C1 
Category: AMS 
Status: OPEN 
Rev: 02 
4500 Hrs 
1095 Dys 
Recur 
EARLIEST 
3454:10 
334 
07/08/2017 
Ament NO 
WO 20186 
08/08/2014 
Rev: 02 
NC Total Hours: 5107:40 NC Total Cycles: 1870 
EFTA00590188
--- PAGE 5 ---
NC: A6DFR 
E/C (Category: ALL) 
A/C Actual Compliance Last - Reason 
Type/Series: 8737-700/B8A 
Document/SB 
NC S/N: 30884 
Print Date 07/09/2016 13:50 
Page: 1 of 1 
NC Hours: 6153:30 
NC Cycles: 
2203 As Of: 03/08/2016 
Schedule 
Remaining! 
E/C Description: 
Hrs/Cys/Dys!Dte Next Due 
Last Compliance information 
E/C: 05008737 C2 
Category: AMS 
Status: OPEN 
Rev: 0 
2C CHK 
2190 Dys 
Recur 
EARLIEST 
1429 
06/08/2020 
Ament NO 
WO 20186 
08/08/2014 
Rev: 0 
NC Total Hours: 5107:40 NC Total Cycles: 1870 
EFTA00590189
--- PAGE 6 ---
NC: A6DFR 
E/C (Category: ALL) 
A/C Actual Compliance Last - Reason 
Type/Series: 8737-700/B8A 
Document/SB 
NC S/N: 30884 
Print Date 07/09/2016 13:51 
Page: 1 of 1 
NC Hours: 6153:30 
NC Cycles: 
2203 As Of: 03/08/2016 
Schedule 
Remaining/ 
E/C Description: 
Hrs/Cys/DysIDte Next Due 
Last Compliance Information 
E/C: 05008737 CA 
Category: AMS 
Status: OPEN 
Rev: 3 
4C CHECK TASKS- BBJ 
4380 Dys 
Recur 
EARLIEST 
3619 
05/08/2026 
Reason 
Ament NO 
REVISED TO CORRECT THE EFFECTIVE 
DATE 
WO 20186 
08/08/2014 
Rev: 3 
NC Total Hours: 5107:40 NC Total Cycles: 1870 
EFTA00590190

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590191.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590191.pdf
----------------------------------------
LETTER OF INTENT 
THIS AIRCRAFT LETTER OF INTENT is made as of April 21, 2015 
BETWEEN 
(1) 
WINDSTAR CAPITAL CORPORATION, a company organized and existing under 
the laws of the Cayman Islands, together with it's successors and/or assigns (the 
"SELLER") and 
(2) 
PLAN D, LLC, a company organized and existing under the laws of the United States 
Virgin Islands (the "BUYER") 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, IT IS AGREED as follows. 
Subject to the Parties executing a definitive Aircraft Purchase and Sale Agreement, Seller 
desires to sell, and Buyer desires to purchase the Boeing BBJ aircraft, Production number YD-
404, Registration Number OE-ILX together with two (2) GE CFM56-7B27 engines, serial 
numbers 888428 and 888429, and Honeywell GTCP131-9B APU, serial number P-5991, and all 
avionics and accessories therein, including, without limitation, Four (4) auxiliary fuel tanks 
installed by PATS, together with all aircraft maintenance records, pilot's operation handbook, 
engine and airframe logbook and auxiliary power unit logbook, all of which shall be current, 
complete and continuous from the date of manufacture through the date of closing of the Aircraft 
sale and purchase transaction between the Parties ("Closing"), including any and all equipment 
specified in that certain Purchase Agreement No.  
 between The Boeing 
Company and Seller dated as of  
, and all side letters and letter agreements 
thereto (the "Boeing Contract") (collectively referred to as the "Aircraft" ). The purchase price 
to be paid for the Aircraft shall be U.S. $25,000,000 (Twenty-Five Million U.S. Dollars) 
inclusive of the Full Deposit (as defined below) PLUS Clear Title to Boeing 727-100 S/N 20115 
Registration No: N-908JE (The trade-In aircraft ). Seller and Buyer intend that Seller shall sell 
and that Buyer shall purchase the Aircraft on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, but 
subject to and only upon the execution of a definitive Aircraft Purchase and Sale Agreement 
between the Parties: 
1. 
Upon execution of this LOI by the Parties, but no later than April 28, 2015 at 3 
p.m. Central Time, Buyer shall deposit the sum of US$1,000,000 (One Million 
U.S. Dollars) (the "Initial Deposit") at AIC Title Service, LLC, Oklahoma City, 
Oklahoma ("Escrow Agent"). Seller shall provide Buyer with a draft Aircraft 
Purchase and Sale Agreement, containing the terms and conditions herein and 
terms and conditions customary for transactions of the nature contemplated 
hereby, which the Parties shall execute no later than May 12, 2015. Escrow fees 
shall be split equally between Buyer and Seller. The Initial Deposit shall be fully 
refundable to Buyer, at its sole discretion, until the execution of a definitive 
Aircraft Purchase and Sale Agreement between the Parties in respect of the 
Aircraft. Subject to the Parties executing, and within two (2) business days after 
the execution of, such Aircraft Purchase and Sale Agreement, Buyer shall 
NY-715906 v2 
EFTA00590191
--- PAGE 2 ---
increase the Initial Deposit by depositing with the Escrow Agent an additional 
US$3,000,000 (Three Million U.S. Dollars) (said additional US$3,000,000, 
together with the Initial Deposit, is hereinafter referred to as the "Full Deposit"). 
Except as otherwise provided such Aircraft Purchase and Sale Agreement, 
without limitation, in the event of a total loss of the Aircraft prior to Closing, the 
Full Deposit of US$4,000,000 (Four Million U.S. Dollars) shall become non-
refundable at such time as (a) both parties have executed such Aircraft Purchase 
and Sale Agreement, and (b) said additional US$3,000,000 deposit is paid to the 
Escrow Agent, 
2. 
On or prior to May 19, 2015, Buyer, at Buyer's cost, shall perform a he-Purchase 
Inspection of the Aircraft of a scope set forth in the Aircraft Purchase and Sale 
Agreement at an Inspection Facility in Western Europe to be agreed between the 
Parties. Seller shall position the Aircraft to such inspection facility at Seller's cost 
on or prior to such date. The Closing of the sale and purchase of the Aircraft shall 
be subject to Buyer's satisfaction in its sole discretion with the results of the Pre-
Purchase Inspection and the rectification by Seller at Seller's cost of all 
discrepancies noted by Buyer in the Pre-Purchase Inspection. 
3. 
The Closing shall take place within five (5) business days after the later of 
Seller's rectification, at Seller's cost, of all discrepancies noted by Buyer in the 
Pre-Purchacr Inspection or, if no discrepancies are noted, upon Buyer's technical 
acceptance of the Aircraft without requiring the rectification of any discrepancies, 
or such other later date as may be agreed in writing between the Parties, in 
exchange for delivery at a location to be set forth in the definitive Aircraft 
Purchase and Sale Agreement of, and transfer of title to, the Aircraft from Seller 
to Buyer in accordance with the following: 
(a) 
The Aircraft will be transferred "as is, where is," subject to Seller's 
obligation to rectify at its cost any and all discrepancies noted in the Pre-
Purchase Inspection. 
(b) 
(c) 
Title to the Aircraft will be transferred by both an FAA Bill of Sale and a 
warranty Bill of Sale from Seller in favour of Buyer in a form to be agreed 
in the definitive Aircraft Purchase and Sale Agreement conveying good, 
marketable, legal, and valid title, free and clear of all liens and 
encumbrances, which Bills of Sale shall be placed with the Escrow Agent 
prior to Closing. 
At Closing the Aircraft shall be delivered to Buyer in full compliance with 
the Delivery Condition set forth in the definitive Aircraft Purchase and 
Sale Agreement, including, without limitation, with all original engine and 
airframe logbooks and records, true and complete, continuous, up to date 
and accurate, wiring diagrams, life vests, life rafts, spare parts and loose 
equipment and with all mandatory Service Bulletins and Airworthiness 
Directives compiled with, and including any and all equipment specified 
- 2 - 
EFTA00590192
--- PAGE 3 ---
in the Boeing Contract, and the documents and/or materials delivered by 
Boeing and PATS. 
(d) 
At Closing Buyer shall deliver to Seller an executed delivery receipt, the 
form of which shall be as provided in the definitive Aircraft Purchase and 
Sale Agreement. 
(c) 
At Closing, the Aircraft shall be delivered at Seller's expense, with a 
current U.S. Registration, an Austrian Certificate of Airworthiness for 
Export to a country to be designated by Buyer and all documents 
necessary to effect the Austrian deregistration of the Aircraft; 
(f) 
At Closing, Seller shall deliver to Buyer a complete copy of the 
documentation for the installation and future operation of the auxiliary 
fuel tanks by PATS and a written assignment and transfer of any and all 
transferable warranties related thereto by PATS, 
4. 
Upon the Buyer's Initial Deposit of US$1,000,000 (One Million U.S. Dollars), 
Seller will remove the Aircraft from the market and will not market or advertise, 
or permit any other person or entity to market or advertise, the Aircraft as being 
available for purchase to any person or entity including prospective buyers. 
5. 
The terms and conditions of this 1O1 shall remain confidential and Seller and 
Buyer agree not to divulge any terms or conditions of this LOI to any parties other 
than the contractual partners and their respective lawyers, bankers, accountants 
and agents either prior or subsequent to the delivery of the Aircraft, except to the 
extent required to perform each of their respective obligations as contained herein 
or as required by applicable law. 
6. 
The terms and conditions contained in this 1O1 are intended to be an outline of 
certain of each Party's proposed requirements for the contemplated purchase and 
sale transaction covering the Aircraft. The obligations of Buyer and Seller are 
subject to the execution of a definitive Aircraft Purchase and Sale Agreement 
between the Parties in respect of the Aircraft in form and substance satisfactory in 
all respects to Buyer and Seller (and each of its respective counsel). Each of the 
Parties acknowledges and agrees that in the event that a definitive Aircraft 
Purchase and Sale Agreement in respect of the Aircraft is not, for whatever 
reason, executed by the Parties by May 12, 2015, unless mutually extended by 
written agreement, the validity of this LOI shall lapse and thereafter neither Party 
shall have any liability to the other Party at law or in equity in relation to the LOI 
or the Aircraft, and the Escrow Agent shall promptly refund the Initial Deposit to 
the Buyer. 
7. 
Upon execution of this LOI, the Seller will provide the Buyer with all technical 
specifications of the Aircraft. 
8. 
This LOI shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
State of Switzerland and the Parties agree to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the 
- 3 - 
EFTA00590193
--- PAGE 4 ---
Courts of the city of Geneve, in order to resolve and settle any and all disputes 
which may arise under this LOT and which may not have been able to be amicably 
solved by and between the Parties. 
This LOI may be executed simultaneously in one (1) or more counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same LOI. Delivery 
of an executed counterpart of this LOI by facsimile transmission shall be deemed effective 
delivery of an originally executed counterpart. Any Party delivering an executed counterpart of 
this Agreement by facsimile transmission shall also deliver an originally executed counterpart; 
provided however, the failure of any Party to deliver an originally executed counterpart of this 
Agreement shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of this LOI. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this LOI to be executed by 
representatives as of the day and year first above written. 
For the Seller : 
WINDSTAR CAPITAL CORPORATION 
By: 
Its: 
For the Buyer: 
PLAN, D, LLC 
BY: 
trUCUCItrai•V-C.
Authorized Signatory 
- 4 - 
EFTA00590194

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590195.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590195.pdf
----------------------------------------
CASH BY INDIVIDUAIJENTITY - AGGREGATE 
AS OF OCTOBER 23, 2015 
Entity 
Ang. Balance 
Authority' 
Leon & Debra Black 
19.942.712 
LDB,DRB.BJW 
Black Family Partners LP (1) 
15,555,290 
LDB,BJW 
APO1 Agreement 
17,128,790 
BC.JH.RR 
APO2 Declaration 
9.942.829 
BC.JH.RR 
APO1 GRAT No. 1 
2,525,730 
LDB,BJW.RJ 
APO1 GRAT No. 2 
15,553 
LDB,BJW.RJ 
APO1 GRAT No. 3 
15,682 
LDB,BJW.RJ 
APO1 GRAT No. 4 
15,241 
LDB,BJW.RJ 
APO1 GRAT No. 5 
15,444 
LDB,BJW.RJ 
APO1 GRAT No. 6 
15,993 
LDB,BJW.RJ 
APO1 GRAT No. 7 
15,483 
LDB,BJW.RJ 
APO1 GRAT No. 8 
15,792 
LDB,BJW,RJ 
Black Family 1997 Trust GST Exempt 
6,846 
BC.JH.RR 
LDB 2014 LLC 
8,149,189 
BC.BJW 
LDB 2011 LLC 
3,455,674 
BC.JKDRB,BJW 
LBF Holdings LLC 
1,321,913 
LDB,BJW 
Avioneta Holdings LLC 
43,476 
JH 
BJAV Marine Ltd. 
302,079 
BJW 
Narrows Holdings LLC 
75,045 
LDB,BJW 
SH Meadow Lane LLC 
317,364 
JH,BJW 
OFH LLC 
320,976 
JH,BJW 
Phaidon Global LLC 
504,745 
LDB,BJW 
PLB LLC 
44,792 
LDB,BJW 
Black Family GP 
156,345 
LDB,BJW 
Elysium Management 
246,531 
LDB,DRB.BJW 
Leon Black Family Foundation 
843,159 
LDB,BJW 
Mallory Trust 
4,127,804 
LDB,DRB.BJW 
Gandalf Trust 
2,579,138 
LDB,ASB,BJW 
Rollo Tomasi Trust 
2,581,555 
LDB,VRB,BJW 
Tron Trust 
2,699,677 
LDB,BJW 
Yggdrasil Trust 
2,699,625 
LDB,BJW 
2011 Trusts 
1,012,372 
BC 
Benjamin Black 2010 Trust 
663,068 
LDB,USTr 
Joshua Max Black 2011 Trust 
6,118,998 
LDB,USTr 
103.474.910 
* Authority may differ per account on entities with multiple accounts and banks 
(1) Includes $211,497 of restricted cash [LOC for 445 lease] 
EFTA00590195

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590196.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590196.pdf
----------------------------------------
RANDALL DURIE 
• 
PROFILE 
Foreign currency investment professional with proven entrepreneurial skills and long term industry 
experience in managing, developing and executing successful trade strategies and products. 
QUALIFICATIONS 
­ Principal of self-built investment firm for ten years, raising capital from clients and 
conducting a trading strategy on their behalf in foreign currency markets with proprietary 
trading products. 
­ Profound understanding of program trading strategies and their implementation from 
inception to execution. 
­ Comprehensive knowledge of foreign exchange markets. 
­ Insightful strategist adaptable to client needs and attuned to global economic shifts 
affecting market movements. 
­ Contributor to and participant in foreign currency symposiums and publications. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
PLIMSOLL CAPITAL— Summit, NJ 
Founded the company in 2002 with the goal of providing investment consistency to clients by 
implementing effective trading strategies and products to manage capital in foreign currency markets. 
• 
Raised and maintained $40 million in institutional and private investment funds. 
• 
Implemented and managed the Headwind Currency Strategy, a short term discretionary 
strategy which became Plimsoll's primary investment product, focused primarily on the 
major foreign exchange markets. 
• 
Executed and monitored trades within the Headwind Currency Strategy and adapted it to 
generate new trade generation directions. 
• 
Raised investment capital and established long term investor relationships based on clients' 
acceptance and support of the strategy. 
• 
Implemented the Armada program, a high frequency, and high end technology based Algo 
program to capture short term price movements in the major currencies. 
Continued... 
EFTA00590196
--- PAGE 2 ---
RANDALL DURIE 
Page 2 
DEERHURST MANAGEMENT — Fort Lee, NJ 
1998 to 2001 
Trader — Vice President 
• 
Implemented the firm's multi-billion dollar FX portfolio focused options trading strategies 
by executing large spot, forward, and options orders, and taking proprietary investment 
risks. 
• Worked and managed the European trading shift and gained considerable experience in the 
market's daily transition from Asia to London and from London to the U.S. 
FALCON MANAGEMENT CORP. - Franklin Lakes, NJ 
1993 to 1998 
Back Office/Trader 
• 
Monitored the fixed income portfolio for the head fixed income trader. 
• 
Implemented firm's strategies as a fixed income trader. 
EDUCATION AND CREDENTIALS 
Bachelor of Science, Mechanical Engineer (1993) 
LAFAYETTE COLLEGE - Easton, PA 
OTHER PROFESSIONAL HIGHLIGHTS 
Contributor to "The Street" as investment advisor on foreign exchange markets. 
Featured in Automated Trader Magazine 
Participated in Numerous Panels on Foreign Exchange 
Advisor to Lafayette College Board of Trustees 
EFTA00590197

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590198.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590198.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey Roy Biography 
Jeffrey Roy is the Senior Portfolio Manager of Pridemark Management, responsible for 
the sourcing, R&D and implementation of the fund manager's portfolio of return strategies. 
Mr. Roy brings 20 years of asset management and trading experience with a particular focus on 
quantitative strategy development, implementation and execution to Pridemark Management. 
Prior to joining Pridemark Management Mr. Roy served as the Senior Portfolio Manager 
of Pardo Capital, responsible for the R&D, management and implementation of the CIA's 
portfolio of systematic strategies. In addition to his PM duties, Mr. Roy played an active role in 
the management of the CTA business and of its client and service provider relationships. 
Prior to rejoining Pardo Capital in 2010, Mr. Roy was a managing member of, and served 
as Chief Operating Officer for, The Roy Funds, LLC, a CTA asset management company utilizing 
short term quantitative strategies on stock index futures. 
Since 1995, Mr. Roy has served the asset management and brokerage spaces as an 
independent contractor and consultant to trading firms, brokerages and banks. Projects have 
ranged from trading strategy development, vetting and testing to the construction and 
management of the trading infrastructure and teams to implement such strategies. Direct and 
collaborative consulting engagements have included clients such as Alaron Trading, Sakura 
Delsher, ScotiaBank and Transmarket Group. 
From 1992 to 1995, Mr. Roy served as a quantitative research analyst for Pardo Capital 
where he assisted in the research and development of a portfolio of systematic futures 
strategies. Pardo Capital's consulting clients included Daiwa Securities Americas, Goldman 
Sachs and TransWorld Oil. 
Mr. Roy graduated from Loyola University of Chicago in 1994 with a B.A. in Economics 
with a concentration in Mathematics and Statistics. 
EFTA00590198

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590199.pdf
----------------------------------------
Brian Donnally Biography 
Experience 
Currently Trading for 303 Proprietary 
Independent Trader 
► Grew $565k into $4.8mm from 2008-2010 
Principia Partners 
► Co-founder and Partner 
► Software company focused on structured products 
Republic National Bank 
► Co-founder and head of trading at global derivatives desk 
► Never had a losing month in this post (1992-1994) 
Mercadian Capital  (a joint venture with New England Mutual) 
► Led global trading 
Drexel Burnham 
► Ran interest rate derivative trading desk 
Bank of America 
► Ran minor currency trading desk in New York 
Education 
University of Pennsylvania Wharton School of Business, 1981 
EFTA00590199

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590200.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590200.pdf
----------------------------------------
Alex Gerasev 
EXPERIENCE 
QUANTERRA ADVISORS, Chicago, IL 
02/2010 - present 
Managing Director 
• 
Responsible for ongoing hedge fund operations, trading, and risk management 
• 
Oversee a group of traders and quants working on delivery of highly quantitative profitable 
trading models 
BUTTONWOOD GROUP TRADING, Chicago, IL 
05/2011 - 12/2012 
Senior Trader (account managed by Quanterra Advisors) 
• 
Successfully implemented and executed quantitative trading models that delivered 
annualized return in excess of 45% 
• 
Responsible for all aspects of day-to-day trading and risk management on a long/short 
equities book of up to $50 million exposure 
THE ROYAL BANK OF SCOTLAND, New York, NY 
01/2007 - 12/2010 
Senior Project Manager 
• 
As part of the Global Banking & Markets unit, oversaw implementation of complex business 
and technology solutions in many of the bank's mission-critical areas including liquidity 
management system with over $400 billion in daily volume 
• 
Successfully executed four major projects 100% on time and within budget 
ABN AMRO, Chicago, United States 
2002-2007 
Team Lead 
• 
Worked in some of the bank's most mission-critical business areas and applications including 
ABN AMRO Trade Desk Risk Mana ement Group, ABN AMRO GlobalTrade trade finance 
system, 
and 
retail and commercial banking platforms, 
ABN AMRO MTS funds transfer system. 
• 
Collaborated with Senior Vice President and Executive Vice President level managers; 
supervised teams of up to 30 people. 
MOTOROLA, Munchen, Germany 
2001-2002 
Software Developer 
• 
Designed and developed high-performance, low-latency software application to streamline 
Motorola's internal information flows in 16 Technical Information Centers worldwide. 
EDUCATION 
THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO 
2010 
Master of Science in Financial Mathematics 
NOVOSIBIRSK STATE UNIVERSITY, Novosibirsk, Russia 
2001 
Bachelor of Science in Physics & Information Technologies 
EFTA00590200

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590201.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590201.pdf
----------------------------------------
P&L History 
• Spent 2 years at Tower Research. Developed and ran high frequency Spot 
FX Strategy, Created Alpha Models for FX, Futures and Equities 
• Models across products generated in the vicinity of 100K/day 
• Average return of approximately 10bps with combined Sharpe of 8+ 
• Overall unleveraged capital approximately $100MM 
• Worst day approximately 40 bps, worst peak to valley drawdown < 1% 
Strategy Notes 
The strategies were previously in a high frequency space and more diversified 
than just the US equities I aim to trade and so their Sharpe was higher but 
capacity and dollar P&L lower than what I am deploying now. 
The reason for the holding period extension is the increased toxicity of equity 
order flow in 2012. This is specifically manifested in a significant decrease in 
passive order fill probabilities and spreads widening around the high frequency 
signal times. I bypassed this problem and also significantly increased strategy 
capacity by increasing the holding period and adjusting the signal horizon. 
However the underlying principles and driving factors behind the models that 
were trading and what I am deploying now are substantially the same apart from 
the microstructure alpha component which is not applicable to this extended 
time horizon. 
EFTA00590201

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590202.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590202.pdf
----------------------------------------
LAW OFFICES OF TONJA HADDAD. PA 
RETAINER AGREEMENT 
CLIENT: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
MATTER: 
Civil Litigation Matter 
DATE: 
March 13, 2012 
You have contracted with Tonja Haddad Coleman of the LAW OFFICES OF TONJA HADDAD, PA to 
act as counsel in reference to the above-captioned matter, and this document sets forth the 
agreement concerning each parties' obligations and duties hereunder. This shall become effective 
upon your signature of this document and receipt of the retainer fee as indicated below. 
Due on or before , is the sum of $10,000.00, which represents the retainer amount to be held in our 
trust account and billed against at the rate of $385.00 per hour for the legal services Tonja Haddad 
Coleman, Esq., at the rate of $125.00 per hour for legal services performed by associates, and 
against any costs incurred on your behalf. This hourly billable rate is exclusive of costs or 
expenses which may be incurred in this matter. Expenses may include, but are not limited to, 
investigation costs, filing fees, recording costs, out of town travel expenses, delivery charges, 
special postage (express mail, certified mail, and the like), court costs (such as service of process, 
newspaper publication, recording fees, etc.), accounting and appraisal fees, fees and expenses of 
experts necessary to assist in the preparation and hearing of your case. 
You will also be 
responsible for all government-imposed taxes on fees and costs. We do NOT charge for long 
distance phone calls, regular postage, facsimiles, computer research charges, or photocopies 
(unless an outside company must be hired to complete same). Once the Trust Account balance is 
depleted, you will be required to submit an additional retainer check payable to our Trust Account 
to cover future fees. We reserve the right to increase our hourly rates at the end of each calendar 
year. 
You will be charged for fees as our legal services are provided. Monthly statements will be 
furnished to you, and you will be required to submit all amounts owed within thirty (30) days of 
receipt of same. Failure to do so will result in a breach of this matter, and you will be responsible 
for any costs or fees associated with our collection of same. We also reserve the right to 
immediately withdraw from representation of you if you fail to pay. Interest will be charged and 
added to the balance of your account to the extent that your account remains unpaid thirty (30) 
days after the rendering of periodic billing for said account. Interest will be charged at the rate of 
1.5% per month (18% per annum). Our policy is to submit bills on a monthly basis, reserving the 
right to raise our hourly fees at the beginning of each calendar year, as stated above. 
You certify that any and all payments including but not limited to cash, assignments, collateral, 
checks, negotiable instruments, or any other item given to the LAW OFFICES OF TONJA HADDAD, 
PA is legitimate and lawful and not the product or by-product, whether direct or indirect, of any 
criminal, civil, illegal or unlawful act or omission or enterprise. 
You acknowledge that the LAW OFFICES OF TONJA HADDAD, PA, has made no guarantees or 
promises conceming any phase of this matter including but not limited to any possible outcome, 
disposition, civil and/or criminal consequence, total fees, advances, or costs, time to complete this 
matter, or anything else relating directly or indirectly to our firm's involvement in this matter, other 
EFTA00590202
--- PAGE 2 ---
than the fact that we will use our best legal skill and knowledge in connection with your 
representation as required by Rule 4-1.5 of the Rules Regulating the Florida Bar. 
It is understood that this contract is the entire agreement concerning fees, advances, and costs, and 
that no other expressed or implied representations have been made. You further understand that 
your signature will acknowledge that this is a legal, binding contract between you and the LAW 
OFFICES OF TONJA HADDAD, PA. Before signing this contract, please read it carefully and be sure 
you understand all of the contents. If there is anything you do not understand, ask about it. You 
further acknowledge that you have received a copy of this contract by your signature below, and 
that work will not commence on your case until a signed copy of this Agreement and a Retainer 
Check payable to our Trust Account is received. 
I will always make myself available to discuss my role in your case so that you are always fully 
informed as to the status of your matter. Please always feel free to contact our office at any time if 
you have any questions or concerns. 
THIS IS A LEGAL, BINDING CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND THE LAW 
OFFICES OF TONJA HADDAD, P.A. 
BEFORE SIGNING, PLEASE READ IT 
CAREFULLY AND BE SURE YOU UNDERSTAND ALL OF THE CONTENTS. IF 
THERE IS ANYTHING YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND, ASK ABOUT IT. DO NOT 
HESITATE TO HAVE THIS AGREEMENT REVIEWED BY ANOTHER ATTORNEY 
OF YOUR CHOICE. I ENCOURAGE IT. 
March 
2012. 
Jeffrey Epstein- Client 
APPROVED AND ACCEPTED on the foregoing terms. 
BY: 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
TONJA HADDAD, P.A. 
524 South Andrews Avenue 
Suite 200N 
Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
facsimile 
EFTA00590203

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590204.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590204.pdf
----------------------------------------
TIMCO Engine Center 
Final Invoice 
Service Order: 
Engine Serial#: 
726122 
Customer: 
JEGE INC. 
Contract Price 
10% 
10% 
10% 
10% 
S1.500 
51.500 
$1.500 
51.500 
Description 
Marl Code 
Oty 
FMV 
or 
PWA 
Material 
Type 
Cap Per Engine = 
520.000 
(N)ew 
$ 
110.151 N. R. C. S 
$ 
9.873 
(R)epair 
(C)ustomer 
$ 
41.453 S 
Consumable% (ParkimpAlaskets Esti 
Over & Above (Frkght) 
Engine Shipment (Inbound! Out Bound) 
Fuel 
ST5 
(S)rap 
Replaced 
Non• 
Material 
Material 
Invoice 
$ 
65.790 $ 
26.303 $ 
143.419 
Oil 
IS 
TC. Fuel and Oil 
S5.2.II.25 
S I 62.0u 
Engine Compressor Wash ;Elate Rate) 
Alice Materials (Nuts. Bolts. ext) 
3.500 
2.850 
3.800 
9.903 
6.250 
Labor 
Invoice 
$ 
46.000 
Total Invoice 
189.419 
Description 
P/N 
Mall Code 
Oty 
FMV 
or 
PWA 
Material 
(N)ew 
Type 
(R)epair 
(C)ustomer 
(S)rap 
Replaced 
Support Comb Cuter Duca (5) 
777587 
Sum of VENDOR 
Sum of SCRAP 
Sum of GUST SUP 
$ 
449 
$ 
$ 
494 
S 
Ignaor Plugs 
AA72SA 
Sum of VENDOR 
$ 
$ 
Sum of SCRAP 
Sum of GUST SUP 
$ 
723'
$ 
796 $
S 
Seal Ring T2 
1-2 Shroud 8 Ring Assembly 
798157 
Sum of VENDOR 
Sum of SCRAP 
Sum of GUST SUP 
$ 
S 
5.500 
$ 
S 
S 
S 
S 
6.050 
Hub 74.7u:1:Me Hub (Rea() 
777855 
Sum of VENDOR 
Sum of SCRAP 
Sum of CUST SUP 
$ 
S 
6200 
$ 
S 
S 
S 
$ 
6.820 
$ 
Seal. No 6 BRO 
738615 
Sum of VENDOR 
Sum of SCRAP 
Sum of CUST SUP 
$ 
$ 
158 
S 
S 
$ 
$ 
173 
$ 
13th Stage Transfer Tubes. 
777843 
Sum of VENDOR 
Sum of SCRAP 
Sum of GUST SUP 
$ 
750 
S 
$ 
825 
S 
S 
$ 
$ 
S 
784649 
Cud. Fan Comp Rear 
Sum of VENDOR 
S 
4.585 
S 
$ 
R 
$ 
5.044 
S 
S 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
Sum of SCRAP 
Sum of GUST SUP 
$ 
EFTA00590204
--- PAGE 2 ---
TIMCO Engine Center 
Final Invoice 
Service Order: 
Contract Price 
Engine Serial#: 
726122 
10% 
10% 
10% 
10% 
Customer: 
JEGE INC. 
$1,500 
$1.500 
$1.500 
$1.500 
Engine Type: 
JTSD-219 
Cap Per Engine = 
$20.000 
FMV 
I 
I 
or 
Material 
(N)ew 
(R)epa1r 
(C)ustomer 
(S)rap 
Non-
Material 
Labor 
Description 
P/N 
Mall Code 
City 
PWA 
Type 
Replaced 
Material 
Invoice 
Invoice 
800745-01 
Sum of VENDOR 
$ 
3.203 
S 
$ 
3.520 S 
Duct. Diffuser sowd abs I Uner Segmenl RAH 
Sum of SCRAP 
$ 
$ 
S 
- 
s 
s 
Sum of GUST SUP 
$ 
$ 
- 
s 
s 
811746-01 
Sum of VENDOR 
I 
S 
3200 
R 
$ 
S 
3.520 S 
- 
$ 
Duet Diffuser sound abs t tuner &velar, Lal 
Sum of SCRAP 
$ 
S 
Sum of GUST SUP 
$ 
s 
Sum of VENDOR 
$ 
s 
7-2 Owl 
JA820250 
Sum of SCRAP 
S 
1.995 
$ 
2.194 
Sum of GUST SUP 
S 
Sum of VENDOR 
$ 
7-2 Owl 
JA820251 
Sum of SCRAP 
I 
2.410 
2.651 S 
S 
S
Sum of GUST SUP 
$ 
$ 
S 
Sum of VENDOR 
S 
s 
$ 
7-2 Owl 
JA820254 
Sum of SCRAP 
$ 
2241 
2.485 S 
s 
$ 
Sum of GUST SUP 
S 
$ 
S 
Sum of VENDOR 
S 
S 
- s 
Plug. Borescope 
808160 
Sum of SCRAP 
700 
S 
S 
- s 
770 
Sum of GUST SUP 
S 
- s 
Sum of VENDOR 
S 
$ 
- 
s 
Vane 12 Censer 
Sum of SCRAP 
S 
45.150 
S 
$ 
- 
S 
48.650 
851852 
Sum of GUST SUP 
S 
$ 
$ 
- s 
Sum of VENDOR 
S 
$ 
- 
s 
Vane 12 Quad 
Sum of SCRAP 
S 
5.000 
S 
$ 
- 
S 
ESN 
854052 
Sum of GUST SUP 
S 
S 
- 
s 
778702 
Sum of VENDOR 
I 
S 
1250 
R 
1.375 S 
- 
s 
Disk 72 
Sum of SCRAP 
S 
- 
s 
Sum of GUST SUP 
S 
- 
s 
800002 
Sum of VENDOR 
25.350 
R 
S 
26.850 S 
- 
S 
Tuns Blade 12 
Sum of SCRAP 
S 
S 
s 
Sum of GUST SUP 
$ 
s 
s 
771440 
Sum of VENDOR 
I 
155 
R 
$ 
- 
S 
171 $ 
- 
S 
Coup ing 
Sum of SCRAP 
S 
Sum of GUST SUP 
- 
s 
Total Invoice 
EFTA00590205
--- PAGE 3 ---
TIMCO Engine Center 
Final Invoice 
Service Order: 
Engine Serial#: 
Engine Type: 
Description 
Exhaust Sound Ateo(bar Lner 
4958947.501 
726122 
JEGE INC. 
JT8D-219 
Sum of VENDOR 
Sum ol SCRAP 
Sum of CUST SUP 
Sum ol VENDOR 
Sum ol SCRAP 
Sum ol CUST SUP 
Sum of VENDOR 
Sum ol SCRAP 
Sum of CUST SUP 
Sum of VENDOR 
Sum of SCRAP 
Sum of CUST SUP 
Material 
Type 
Non-
Material 
Material 
Invoice 
Labor 
Invoice 
S 
FMV 
or 
PWA 
250 
Contract Price 
Cap Per Engine = 
(N)ew 
(R)epair 
(C)ustomer 
(S)rap 
Replaced 
$ 
S 
$ 
• 
$ 
275 S 
S 
$ 
Total Invoice 
EFTA00590206

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590207.pdf
----------------------------------------
PALMER MARBLE ti TILE, NC. 
Custom Quality Marble & Granite Bars - Ba h - Ki chens of any Decor 
Glass Tile Mosaics - Fabrication - Installation - Waterjet Cutting - Restoration 8 Maintenance 
Proposal 
LT.G 
2365 Greenview Cove Drive 
Wellington, FL. 33414 
Re: t18 Park Monceau 
Cast Stone Pool Deck 
Scope of work is to demo and dispose of existing cat stone deck, clean and flash substrate, apply Flexcrete, 
supply and install new cast stone pavers, grout, clean and treat. 
Upon demolition the substrate will be inspected. Any additional repairs deemed necessary will be assessed at 
that time. 
Dumpste: to be supplied by others. 
Cost breakdown is as follows: 
Demo and disposal of existing 
$18,400.00 
Flash and Flexcrete substrate 
$6,350.00 
Install cast stone pavers 
528,300.00 
Supply cast stone allowance• 
$14,900.00 
Total Contract Amount 
Deposit Due Upon Acceptance 
Balance to be billed every two 
weeks according to job progress. 
•Allowance only. Final cost to be determined upon material selection. 
$67,950.00 
$33,975.00
IF CHECKED (AGREEMENT TO BE USED AS FINAL INVOICE) 
THIS CONTRACT AGREEMENT MUST BE ACCEPTED BY 
. If date is not inserted, contract price will 
expire in thirty (30) days from the date executed by Palmer Marble and Tile, Inc. Acceptance of this contract 
constitutes agreement to the additional terms and conditions stated on page 2 of this Contract Agreement. 
Date: 
Date: 
1/12/2026 
I.T.G. Pare Monccau.ods 
Authorized signature of agent. client or owners 
Representative for Palmer Marble and 
6599 W lli 
• 
st Palm 
h FL 
Office 
• Fax 
proposal 
EFTA00590207
--- PAGE 2 ---
PALMER MARBLE & TILE, INC. 
Custom Quality Marb e & Granite Bars - Ba h - Kf chens of any Decor 
Glass Tile Mosaics - Fabrication - Installation - Watorjet Cutting - Restoration & Maintenance 
Deposit must be receiv' prior to the purchase of materials and job start up. Delays in deposit and progress 
payments will result in •ork delays and or stoppages. 
Change orders and any dditional work must be approved in writing by the customer. Additional work may 
only be requested through our office or job superv.sor. 
We will cot be held responsible for delays in our work caused by other trades. Other trades must clean up 
anything that will interfere with our work progress as required. Failure to clear our work area will result in 
job delays or an additional charge for us to clear the area. 
We will require parking for two vehicles and an area to unload materials for the duration of our work. 
Willie every care is taken to protect finished surfaces from damage during our work it is possible 
that due to the nature of the chemicals, abrasives and machinery used to achieve the desired results 
that some damage may occur. Palmer Marble and Tile will not be held responsible for any damage 
that arises during the normal course of our work. 
Palmer Marble and Tile will not be held responsible for any damage that arises due to the negligence 
or poor workmanship of other trades, including painters and previous stone workers. 
Representations: The agent, client. owner or owners stipulates and represents to Palmer Marble and tile. Inc. that he or she has the 
authority to bind the owner / owners or additional who may have or claim any interest in the property to be impoved and is the 
authorized agent of the owner or such owner or owners and has their authority and assent to enter into this contract to bind the 
owner or ether owners and the real property described herein. 
Payment terms: All invoices/draws are due upon receipt per the date of the invoice. No credits or adjustments to the Agreement sum 
shall be made unless mutually agreed upon by Palmer Marble, and 'rile, Inc. (hereinafter known as PMT) and the owner or it's agent. 
If payment is not made when due, PMT may suspend work until such payment(s) are made. Failure to make payment of any invoice/draw 
shall be deemed a material breach of this contract. PMT will De entitled to recover its costs of collection of any sums not paid when due, 
including reasonable attorney's fees. whether or not suit is filed and/or collection agency and any and all other costs arising or related 
to the failure of any sums not paid when due. This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida and the mole venue 
for litigation shall be in the state court having the appropriate junsdiction in and for the county of Palm Reach, Florida. Interest on all 
overdue payments will be t.5% per month and/or it196 per annum or the highest legal rate allowed. 
Date: 
Authorized signature of agent, client or owners 
Date: 
t/1=/loth 
Representative for Palmer Marble and Tile. Inc 
I.T.G. Parc Monceau.ods 
6599 Wallis Road • West Palm Beach FL 33413 
Office 
• Fax 
proposal 
EFTA00590208
--- PAGE 3 ---
PALMER MARBLE & TILE, INC. 
Custom Quality Marble & Granite Bars - Ba h • IQ chens of any Decor 
Glass Tile Mosaics - Fabrication - Installation - Water/et Cutting - Restoration & Maintenance 
Proposal 
I.T.G 
2365 Greenview Cove Drive 
Wellington, FL. 33414 
Re: 118 Park Monceau 
Pool Vanishing Edge Wall 
Scope of work is to demo and dispose of existing slate. Supply install new slate look porcelain, grout, clean 
and treat. 
Upon demolition the substrate will be inspected. Any additional repairs deemed necessary will be assessed at 
that time. 
Cost breakdown is as follows: 
Demo and disposal of existing 
$2,090.00 
Install porcelain 
$3,500.00 
Supply porcelain allowance* 
$1,440.00 
Total Contract Amount 
Deposit Due Upon Acceptance 
Balance to be billed every, two 
weeks according to job progress. 
*Allowance only. Final cost to be determined upon material selection. 
87,030.00 
S3,515.00
IF CHECKED (AGREEMENT TO BE USED AS FINAL INVOICE) 
THIS CONTRACT AGREEMENT MUST BE ACCEPTED BY 
. If date is not inserted, contract price will 
expire in thirty (30) days from the date executed by Palmer Marble and The, Inc. Acceptance of this contract 
constitutes agreement to the additional terms and conditions stated on page 2 of this Contract Agreement. 
Date: 
Date: 
1/12/2016 
Authorized signature of agent, client or owners 
/1“4 
Representative for Palmer Marble and 
e, Inc. 
r 
I.T.G. Pare Monceau.ods 
6599 W 
st Pal 
Office 
proposal) 
EFTA00590209
--- PAGE 4 ---
PALMER MARBLE & TILE, INC. 
Custom Quality Marble & Granite Bars - Ba h - Ki chens of any Decor 
Glass Tile Mosaics - Fabrication - Installation - Water/et Cutting - Restoration & Maintenance 
Deposit must be receive prior to the purchase of materials and job start up. Delays in deposit and progress 
payments will result in 
rk delays and or stoppages. 
Change orders and any dditional work must be approved in writing by the customer. Additional work may 
only be requested through our office or job supervisor. 
We will not be held responsible for delays in our work caused by other trades. Other trades must clean up 
anything that will interfere with our work progress as required. Failure to clear our work area will result in 
job delays or an additional charge for us to clear the area. 
We will require parking for two vehicles and an area to unload materials for the duration of our work. 
While every care is taken to protect finished surfaces from damage during our work it is possible 
that due to the nature of the chemicals, abrasives and machinery used to achieve the desired results 
that some damage may occur. Palmer Marble and Tile will not be held responsible for any damage 
that 'arises during the normal course of our work 
Palmer Marble and The will not be held responsible for any damage that arises due to the negligence 
or poor workmanship of other trades, including painters and previous stone workers. 
Representations: The agent, client, owner or owners stipulates and represents to Palmer Marble and tile, Inc. that he or she has the 
authority to bind the owner / owners or additional who may have or claim any interest in the property to be improved and is the 
authorized agent of the owner or such owner or owners and has their authority and assent to enter into this contract to bind the 
owner or other owners and the real property described herein. 
Payment terms: MI invoices/draws are due upon receipt per the date of the Invoice. No credits or adjustments to the Agreement sum 
shall be made unless mutually agreed upon by Palmer Marble tnd Tile, Inc. (hereinafter known as PMT) and the owner or it's agent. 
If payment s not made when due. PMT may suspend work untl such payment(s) are made. Failure to make payment of any inwaice/draw 
shall be deemed a material breach of this contract. PMT will be entitled to recover its costs of collection of any stints not paid when due, 
including reasonable attorney's fees, whether or not suit is filet and/or collection agency and any and all other eon arising or related 
to the failure of any sums not paid when due. This agreement *hall bo governed by the laws of the State of Florida and the sole venue 
for litigation shall be in the state court having the appropriate jurisdiction in and for the county of Palm Beach, Flcrida. Interest on all 
overdue payments will be 1.596 per month and/or 1896 per annum or the highest legal rate allowed. 
Date: 
Authorized signature of agent. client or owners 
Date: 
1/12/2016 
Representative for Palmer Marble an 
le, Inc. 
I.T.G. Parc Monccau.ods 
6599 W 
st Palm 
Office 
proposal_2 
EFTA00590210

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590211.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590211.pdf
----------------------------------------
BerkeleyLaw 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA 
April 26, 2017 
To Whom It May Concern, 
UC Berkeley School of Law 
Advanced Degree Programs 
214 Boalc 
Tel 
Fax 
www.law.berkeley.edu 
is a student in the University of California, Berkeley School of Law 2016-2017 
LL.M. professional track degree program. Tuition fees for the summer 2017 semester are estimated 
to be $28,771.50 USD (please see breakdown below). 
Fee Description 
Amount (USD) 
LLM Program Fee 
$27,064.50 
Health Insurance 
$1,315 
Document Fee 
$27 
Campus Fee 
$330 
Class Pass Fee (Transit) 
$35 
Total 
$28,771.50 
will start summer 2017 courses on June 13, 2017, and will end on August 15, 2017. 
Please feel free to contact the Advanced Degree Programs Office at 
if you have any questions. 
Sincerely. 
gida 
Althea 
Natalie Golden 
Associate Director of Admissions and Student Services 
Advanced Degree Programs 
or 
EFTA00590211

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590212.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590212.pdf
----------------------------------------
PO Box 304818 
St Thomas VI 00803 
TO: 
Great St. lames, USVI 
Proposal 
ESTIMATE NO. 
03152017-00: 
DATE 
March 20th 2017 
CUSTOMER ID 
EXPIRATION DATE 
ATTN: 
Chris and Danny 
1TEM 
DESCRIPTION 
UNIT PRICE 
AMOUNT 
We propose to famish all labor, material, equipment, and supervisicn necessary to install: 
_ 
LOO 
10' Green Chain Link Fence 
Install approximately 170 IF x 10' green privacy chain ink fence with 
green pvc vertical privacy slats instated in chain link fence 
tine posts: 4' O.D. Sch 40 gage green powder coat pipe an 10' centers in 48" 
Top, Middle, Bottom Rails: 1 S/8" O.D. Sch 40 green powder oat pipe 
Chain Link Fence: 2" mmli x 9 gage x 10T green vinyl fabric 
Fittings: All green powder coat, green 6 gage lie wire. 
Privacy slats: 101 green pvc slats 
LOO 
Driveway Opening • 14' 
Gate Posts: 2 -4' O.D. sdh 40 green powder mat pipe in 4W of concrete 
Gate Leafs: 2 - 7Vix 101 swinging gate leafs with center drop bar 
PVC Slats:7W x 10T of green pvc privacy slats in lead. gate leaf 
Gate Frames: 2" O.D. sch 40 gage green powder mat milled constructica 
NOTE: 9 yards of concrete and cement mixer to be provided by owner 
delivery of fence materials from stt to st fames to be provided by owner 
A Deposit of SO% Is required to order the materials 
Quotation prepared by: 
SUBTOTAL 
DEPOSIT 
OTHER 
TOTAL 
$29,226.00 
$ 
14,913.00 
$29,826.00 
This quotation is subject to the specific conditions noted below: 
Prang is only valid under specific project quantities listed. A reduction or addition of quantities may cause pricing to change. 
Pricing valid for 30 days unless otherwise stated. All clerical errors are subject to correction. 
To accept this quotation, sign here and return: 
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE 
Date 
EFTA00590212

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590213.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590213.pdf
----------------------------------------
A Insured Aircraft Title Service Inc. 
4848 S W. 36th Street 
Oklahoma City, OK 73179 
Direct Fax: (405) 682.0818 
DEPOSIT CONFIRMATION 
DATE: February 1, 2017 
FROM: Brandee Wilson Asst. to Joan Roberts, Vice President 
TO: 
Lee Medlin 
RE: 
N401HB Gulfstream Aerospace GV-SP (G550) SN 5173 
THIS WILL CONFIRM THAT INSURED AIRCRAFT TITLE SERVICE, INC. 
RECEIVED A DEPOSIT IN THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF $1,000,000.00 
TOWARDS THE PURCHASE OF THE REFERENCED AIRCRAFT. 
THIS 
DEPOSIT WILL BE HELD IN ESCROW PENDING FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS 
FROM 
THE 
DEPOSITOR 
OR 
A 
FULLY 
EXECUTED 
PURCHASE 
AGREEMENT OUTLINING THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FUNDS 
HELD. 
IT 
IS 
OUR 
GOAL 
TO 
MAINTAIN 
CONFIDENTIALITY 
OF 
THE 
TRANSACTIONS. 
FOR THIS PURPOSE, WE DO NOT DISCLOSE THE 
SOURCE OF DEPOSITS OR THE IDENTITY OF ENTITIES RECEIVING 
DISBURSEMENTS UNLESS THE CONFIDENTIALITY IS SPECIFICALLY 
WAIVED IN WRITING BY AGREEMENT OF THE PARTIES. 
SHOULD A DEPOSIT BECOME DISPUTED, DEPOSITOR AND ANY OTHER 
PARTIES WILL HOLD IATS HARMLESS AND WILL SHARE EQUALLY ANY 
FEES AND EXPENSES INCURRED BY ESCROW AGENT. SHOULD THE 
ESCROW NOT CLOSE SUCCESSFULLY, A MINIMUM FEE OF $150.00 WILL 
BE CHARGED. 
PLEASE FEEL FREE TO CONTACT OUR OFFICE IF YOU HAVE ANY 
QUESTIONS AT 
EFTA00590213

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590214.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590214.pdf
----------------------------------------
LIFE SCIENCE 
BREAKTHROUGH 
nnl7r 
g r1/4 g&s.g. 
The Future of Biological Sciences 
Today's the Sciences Breakthrough Prize awardees imagine the possibilities 
in their fields 
December 2, 2013 
Dear Friend, 
We are pleased to invite you to participate in a unique conversation exploring the 
secrets of life and the future of knowledge. Join us as we host a dialogue between 
several of the world's deepest thinkers in life sciences at the UC San Francisco 
Mission Bay campus on Friday, December 13, from 4-5:30 pm with a reception 
immediately following. 
The recipients of the 2014 Breakthrough Prize will participate in a lively discussion 
with a select audience about the future of the life sciences: challenges and 
possibilities in the next decade. 
The six panelists have made major contributions to human knowledge and 
discovery—such as unraveling the human genome, tracing the patterns of 
neural activity that allow thought and creativity—thereby leading the charge in 
the battle against devastating diseases such as cancer and Parkinson's. 
This is an exciting opportunity to hear from the new awardees who will both 
challenge and change our view of health and disease. Please respond by December 
to special-events©ucsfmedctr.org. 
Best regards, 
41,4144-„, 
Des 
ellmann, MD, MPH 
Chancellor 
Arthur an• Toni Rembe Rock Distinguished Professor 
Universl of California, San Francisco 
uri Milner 
EFTA00590214

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590215.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590215.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROMISED GIFTS TO MUSEUMS 
Owner 
Mist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
l 1/16 
praised 
p 
G
rchase 
price + sales 
tax 
LDB % 
Ownership 
Interest 
Value of LDB 
Ownership 
Interest 
Gain/Loss 
on 100% of 
Work 
Promised BRAQUE, GEORGES 
La table 
2.650.000 
10,000,000 
50.00% 
5,000,000 
7,350,000 
Promised BRONZINO, AGNOLO 
Seated Male Nude 
2,000,000 
10,000,000 
50.00% 
5,000,000 
8,000,000 
Promised CALLOT. JACQUES 
Louis de Lorraine-Guise, Prince de Phalsbourg 
285,000 
1,000,000 
50.00% 
500,000 
715,000 
Promised FRIEDRICH, CASPAR 
DAVID 
View of the Island of Rugen with a Shepherd and 
his dog 
375,000 
1,000,000 
50.00% 
500,000 
625,000 
Promised GAUGUIN, PAUL 
Paysage et etudes de Pont-Aven 
725,000 
1,500,000 
50.00% 
750,000 
775,000 
Promised GERICAULT, 
THEODORE 
Deux tetes d'orientaux; un mameluck debout 
175,000 
350,000 
100.00% 
350,000 
175,000 
Promised GRAF, URS 
A mercenary holding the banner of the Canton 
Glarus 
475,000 
3,000,000 
50.00% 
1,500,000 
2,525,000 
Promised INGRES. JEAN- 
AUGUSTE-DOMINIQUE 
Virgil reading the Aeneid to Augustus, Livia. and 
Octavia drawing 
600,000 
1,600,000 
40.00% 
640,000 
1,000,000 
Promised JOHNS, JASPER 
Untitled 
2,700,000 
2,400,000 
100.00% 
2,400,000 
(300,000) 
Promised LEONARDO DA VINCI 
Sketches for the movement of water; Standing 
Hercules, holding a club, seen from the front; 
and a Man sheathing or unsheathing a sword 
(recto): Standing Hercules holding a club (verso) 
330,000 
2,000,000 
50.00% 
1,000,000 
1,670,000 
Promised LEYDEN. LUCAS VAN 
The Angel Gabriel for an Annunciation 
3.000.000 
6,500.000 
44.22% 
2,874,300 
3.500,000 
Promised MANET. EDOUARD 
Apres le bain 
200.000 
150.000 
100.00% 
150,000 
(50.000) 
Promised SAINT-AUBIN, GABRIEL 
DE 
The Triumph of Pompey 
200.000 
450,000 
50.00% 
225,000 
250,000 
Promised SERRA. RICHARD 
Torqued Ellipse IV 
1.000,000 
10,000.000 
50.00% 
5.000,000 
9.000,000 
Promised SERRA. RICHARD 
Transparency #2 
175.000 
125,000 
100.00% 
125,000 
(50.000) 
Promised SMITH, DAVID 
Sentinel 
2,275,000 
7,000.000 
66.67% 
4,666,900 
4,725,000 
Promised TIEPOLO. GIOVANNI 
BATTISTA 
The head of a Moor 
170,000 
300,000 
100.00% 
300,000 
130,000 
Promised UECKER, GUNTHER 
Chair II 
1,300,000 
1,250,000 
100.00% 
1,250,000 
(50,000) 
Promised VAN DYCK. SIR 
ANTHONY 
Landscape with a tree and a farm building 
250.000 
700,000 
50.00% 
350,000 
450,000 
18,885,000 
59,325,000 
32,581,200 
40,440,000 
Page 1 
EFTA00590215

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590216.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590216.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Thu. 19 May 201614:38:33 
My changes made after this [erne are not reflected below 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Agent Details 
American Express Travel Services 
Toll Free 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket SU 5557779283514-19MAY 
Ticket SU 5557779283515-19MAY 
Travel Details 
Wednesday 15 Jun 16 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF LITHUANIA MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF LITHUANIA- ESTA IS NEEDED TO ENTER US 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator SEMXFL 
Airline 
Aeroflot 
Flight 
SU 2105 
Origin 
Vilnius. 
Vilnius 
Destination 
Moscow, 
Sheremetyevo 
Departing 
11:15 AM 
Arriving 
12:40 PM 
Arrival Terminal 
Terminal E International 
Class 
M Economy Class 
Seats 
8A, 8C 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hr 25 Mins 
Equipment 
SuperJet 100-95 
Meal 
Snack 
Number of Stops 
Nonstop 
Baggage 
2PC 
Page 1 of 4 
Itinerary 00i0EZ 
im
-  ER:C 
EXPRESS
EXPRESS 
EFTA00590216
--- PAGE 2 ---
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Aeroflot 
SU 102 
Moscow. 
Sheremetyevo 
New York. 
John F Kennedy International 
02:25 PM 
05:20 PM 
Terminal D - Domestic/Intl 
Terminal 1 
A Premium Economy 
15H. 15K 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Saturday 25 Jun 16 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 55 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 777-300Er 
Meal 
Lunch Lunch 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
2PC 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Assigned Seating Is Restricted To Airport Check In 
SU 101 
New York. 
John F Kennedy International 
Moscow. 
Sheremetyevo 
02:20 PM 
06:25 AM / 26 Jun 2016 
Terminal 1 
Terminal D - Domestic/Intl 
T Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Sunday 26 Jun 16 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 5 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 777-300Er 
Meal 
Lunch Lunch 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
1PC 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Assigned Seating Is Restricted To Airport Check In 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Aeroflot 
SU 2104 
Moscow. 
Vilnius. 
08:45 AM 
10:20 AM 
Terminal E - International 
T Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Sheremetyevo 
Vilnius 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hr 35 Mins 
Equipment 
Superjet 100-95 
Meal 
Snack 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
1PC 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
Page 2 of 4 
Itinerary DOIOEZ 
AVEPE RICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00590217
--- PAGE 3 ---
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures a advertisements describing any lcdgrm, tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services includrm, without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of Amencan Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries or affiliates (colectively. *Amex") has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
imposed charges. ncluding. but not traded to. daly resort a facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-out You may wish to inquire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at www.allanz cc^i. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans, please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
International Travel Documentation and Information: 
Travelers desiring transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining al necessary travel documents and complying with all government travel 
requirements. You must present all 0)CL entry and other documents regured by law. Amex shall not be responsible to you for any loss or expense due to your failure to 
comply with such requrements. Travel Suppliers reserve the nght to refuse carriage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws. regulations. orders. 
demands. or requirements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibility to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your journey. Many 
countries require that your passport be vakl for up to six (6) months from your date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign country. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at http.,,,ravel.s:ate.gov.contentOsspertsLecrglish,Country,bunl. Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly discluns any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on the foregoing 
website. 
Air Transportation 
Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. Please visit hitps://mvamextravel.com,slabctcondthons for more 
information. 
Airline Notice on Hazardous Materials 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried ri your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further 
information contact your airline representative or visit hups..76.4wfaa.copatouvir 
mat_salety,. 
Liability Statement 
You understand and agree that Amencan Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex,. 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. diectly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of omissions of travel suppbers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or failures of 
equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil unrest. 
strikes. riots. theft, disease, accidents a failures related to the pubbc intemet. telecommunications lines or facilities. a third party technology systems. a any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppbers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itneraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets a other goals, and from tine to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to ow marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier prorliris and services. From time to time we may enter into other business relalonshps with suppliers and 
these arrangements, including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recanmendng itineraries. we 
may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
State-Specific Disclosures: 
CALIFORNIA: Upon cancellation of the transportation a travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled in violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. al sums pad to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier. 
without obtaining a refund and such other provider fats to provide the agreed-upon transportation or service. In this situation. the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establishing the disbursement of the customer payment. and if disbursed to a registered wholesaler of 
Page 3 of 4 
Itinerary DQIOEZ 
a
VERICAN 
EGRESS 
EFTA00590218
--- PAGE 4 ---
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transacbon is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with the 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when requied. The maximise amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15.000. A claim must be submitted to the TCRF withn 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A clan, 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the clan, and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to wane their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating seller of travel for matters arisng out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRF's websrte at if  NW tcrcuifo org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thily (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
HAWAII: Please visit talc cra bawau 
100A _nghtc oil for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which maintains our travel agency trust account is Bank of Hawaii. Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue. Honolulu. HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account 
California CSTS1022318. Washington U8I/46a0-469-694. Iowa TAs669. 
Page 4 of 4 
Itinerary DOIOEZ 
EXPRESS
AMERKAN 
EFTA00590219

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590220.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590220.pdf
----------------------------------------
Statement of Work 
This Statement of Work (this SOW), which is effective as of 
 is made by Ernst & Young 
LLP (we or EY) and [Insert legal name of entity for which services will be performed under this 
specific SOW; for individuals, include names of both spouses, if applicable] on behalf of itself and 
its affiliated entities listed in Appendix [XX] ] ([collectively,] you or Client), under the Agreement, 
dated [DATE] (the Agreement), between EY and 
[Insert legal name of entity that executed the original letter] 
Except as otherwise set forth in this SOW, this SOW incorporates by reference, and is deemed to be a 
part of, the Agreement. The additional terms and conditions of this SOW apply only to the Advisory 
Services covered by this SOW and not to services covered by any other SOW under the Agreement. 
Capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined, in this SOW have the same meanings in the 
Agreement, and references in the Agreement to "you" or "Client" refer to you. 
Scope of services 
We will provide the following Family Office Advisory Services to you: 
Leading practice review 
We will review the [Name of family office (NAME)] and compare its practices to the leading 
practices of family offices the following areas: 
a. Operating strategy and processes 
b. Organization and management structure 
c. Alignment of talent and other resources 
d. Functional processes and controls 
e. Family governance 
f. Risk management 
The project will be delivered through three phases: (1) Assess and understand; (2) Design; and (3) 
Implementation]. The details of each phase are outlined below and in our project plan in Attachment 
[XX]. 
Phase I - Assess and understand 
1. Information gathering — We will gather and review information about the current operations and 
processes of the [Insert name] by: 
a. Reviewing legal and other documents outlined in Appendix #2 
EYLLPUSTAX00I(ADVISORWSOW(EAY102615 
[Client name) 
Page I of 7 
EFTA00590220
--- PAGE 2 ---
b. Interviewing family office staff, outside advisors and key family members 
c. Observing current operations and related controls 
d. Reviewing existing technology and systems 
2. Assessment — We will summarize our understanding of the current governance and operations of 
the family and family office. This "baseline" may include memorandums, outlines, diagrams and 
system maps. 
Once we have confirmed our initial understanding with you via phone or in person, we will 
analyze your current state compared to leading family offices and provide you with a leading 
practices summary report, a risk scorecard and high-level recommendations based on scorecard 
findings. 
3. In-person meeting — We will meet with management in a [three to four-hour] working session to 
prioritize the recommendations based on their effects on the organization and their cost and 
difficulty to implement. Following the meeting, we will summarize our findings and 
recommendations in detail, and propose an implementation roadmap or recommendation to 
develop alternatives. 
Phase II — Design 
Based on the Phase I results, we will work with you to determine how to align the practices of your 
family office more closely with those of leading family offices. We will determine the scope and fees 
for Phase II at the end of Phase I. 
Phase III - Implementation 
After Phase II, we will meet with you to discuss a project plan design and timeline for implementing 
the recommendations from Phases I and II. We will determine the scope and fees for Phase III at the 
end of Phase I or Phase II, as applicable. 
Fees 
We estimate the fees for performing these services to be $XX to $XX based on the time that our 
professionals spend performing them, billed at the standard hourly rate for each such individual, as 
adjusted annually while the Services under this SOW are being performed] 
You shall also pay any potential value-added taxes (VAT), sales taxes, and other indirect taxes 
incurred in connection with the delivery of the Services, including any such taxes and related 
administrative costs that result from billing arrangements specifically requested by you. 
EYLLPUSTAX001/ADVISORWSOW(EAY102615 
[Client name! 
Page 2 of 7 
EFTA00590221
--- PAGE 3 ---
We will bill you for our fees, expenses, and applicable taxes or other charges, if any, on a monthly 
basis. Payment is due upon receipt of our invoice. 
Limitations on scope 
We will not identify, address or correct any errors or defects in your computer systems, other devices 
or components thereof ("Systems"), whether or not due to imprecise or ambiguous entry, storage, 
interpretation or processing or reporting of data. We will not be responsible for any defect or problem 
arising out of or related to data processing in any Systems. 
Your obligations 
We draw your attention to the reservations set out in paragraph 5 of the General Terms and Conditions 
of the Agreement, as well as your management responsibilities under paragraph 6, and your 
representation, as of the date hereof, under paragraph 26 thereof. You have obtained the prior 
approval of your Audit Committee for these Services, as applicable. 
You will not, and you will not permit others to, quote or refer to any Reports, any portion, summary 
or abstract thereof, or to EY or any other EY Firm, in any document filed or distributed in connection 
with (i) a purchase or sale of securities to which the United States or state securities laws ("Securities 
Laws") are applicable, or (ii) periodic reporting obligations under Securities Laws. You will not 
contend that any provisions of Securities Laws could invalidate any provision of this SOW. 
Additional terms and conditions 
The Services are advisory in nature and do not contemplate the provision of (i) tax advice, (ii) legal 
services, or (iii) attestation or agreed-upon procedures services. EY will not render an assurance 
report or assurance opinion under the Agreement, nor will the Services constitute an audit, review, 
examination, or other form of attestation as those terms are defined by the American Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants. We will not conduct a review to detect fraud or illegal acts 
In addition to the disclosures permitted by paragraph 12 of the General Terms and Conditions, you 
may disclose a Report (or any portion or summary of a Report) or refer to us or to any other EY Firm 
in connection with the Services to the owners of Client, the family members to which Client provides 
family office services and entities owned by Client. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any claims related to the Reports or the Services may only be brought 
by Client subject to the terms of this SOW and the Agreement and no claims may be brought by such 
owners, family member or other entities that receive copies of our Reports 
EYLLPUSTAX00I/ADVISORWSOW(EAY102615 
[Client name] 
Page 3 of 7 
EFTA00590222
--- PAGE 4 ---
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or this SOW, we do not assume any 
responsibility for any third-party products, programs or services, their performance or compliance 
with your specifications or otherwise. 
We will base any comments or recommendations as to the functional or technical capabilities of any 
products in use or being considered by you solely on information provided by your vendors, directly 
or through you. We are not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of any such information or 
for confirming any of it. 
Where our written consent under the Agreement is required for you to disclose to a third party any of 
our Reports (other than Tax Advice), we will also require that third party to execute a letter 
substantially in the form of Appendix A to this SOW. 
The Services may involve our review of, or advice relating to, agreements to which you are a party 
with, or products produced by, a third party (an "EY Client") for which EY (or another EY Firm) 
performs, or has performed, services unrelated to the agreements or products. On behalf of yourself 
and your affiliates, you acknowledge and consent to our performance of such services for any EY 
Client, and agree that neither you nor your affiliates will make a claim that these circumstances 
present a conflict of interest, real or perceived, for us or any other EY Firm. If, however, our services 
for an EY Client directly relate or related to the agreements or products, we will seek the consent of 
both you and the EY Client to the continued performance of the Services. In any event, we confirm 
that, except as you and the EY Client otherwise agree in writing, your respective confidential or 
privileged information will remain confidential to that client in accordance with applicable 
professional standards. 
In performing the services, we will not take any action that we reasonably believe could impair our 
independence with respect to any of our audit clients or those of other EY Firms. For example, we 
will not instruct, supervise or contract with an entity, without having first determined that such action 
would not impair our independence. 
To facilitate performance of the Services, we may (and may, subject to additional terms and 
conditions, including license agreements, permit your authorized representatives to) use certain 
software and tools that allow us to collaborate with you electronically, including Ernst & Young 
eRoom (collectively, "Collaboration Tools"). You shall not, and shall not permit third parties to, copy 
or modify any Collaboration Tools, or decompile, reverse engineer, or in any way derive any source 
code from, or create any derivative work of, any Collaboration Tools. COLLABORATION TOOLS 
ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," AND NONE OF EY OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN THE 
CREATION, PRODUCTION OR DELIVERY OF ANY COLLABORATION TOOL MAKES ANY 
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY COLLABORATION TOOL 
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY 
OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, OR 
EYLLPUSTAX00I/ADVISORWSOW(EAY102615 
[Client name/ 
Page 4 of 7 
EFTA00590223
--- PAGE 5 ---
ANY WARRANTY THAT THE OPERATION OF ANY COLLABORATION TOOL WILL BE 
UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE OR THAT IT WILL BE COMPATIBLE WITH ANY OF YOUR 
HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE. EY WILL NOT SUPPORT, MAINTAIN OR UPGRADE ANY 
COLLABORATION TOOL. YOU ASSUME SOLE RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE USE OF ANY 
COLLABORATION TOOL AND THE RESULTS THEREOF. Your use of Collaboration Tools (or 
use on your behalf) is not a substitute for any documentation or system of records you must create or 
maintain pursuant to law, including, without limitation, Internal Revenue Code Section 6001. You 
alone are responsible for maintaining separate copies of any documentation you input into any 
Collaboration Tool. 
Contacts 
You have identified 
 as your contact with whom we should communicate about these 
Services. Your contact at EY for these Services will be 
Thanks again for your selection of our firm. 
DRAFT 
[Legal name of Client] 
itself and its affiliates listed in Appendix 
, on behalf of 
By:  
[Name] 
[Tole] 
Date: 
OR: 
By:  
[Name of Individual Client (include both spouses if applicable)] 
EYLLPUSTAX00I/ADVISORWSOW(EAY102615 
[Client name) 
Page 5 of 7 
EFTA00590224
--- PAGE 6 ---
Appendix A 
Form of Access Letter 
[Letterhead of EY] 
[Addressee (e.g., third party seeking access to EY Report)] 
[Street Address] 
[City, State Zip] 
Dear [ 
[Month XX, 20XX] 
[Client] (the "Client") has informed Ernst & Young LLP ("EY") that it wishes to disclose to 
[party seeking access] (the "Recipient") EY's[describe report(s)] , dated [ 
] relating to 
[describe subject] (the "Report(s)"). EY has not placed any limitations on the Client's ability to 
disclose any contents of the Report relating to the tax aspects or structure of any transaction proposed 
by the Client. 
EY performed services only for the Client. EY did not undertake the services on behalf of, or to serve 
the needs of, the Recipient or any other third party. As part of such services, EY did not audit the 
Client's financial statements, subsequent to the date(s) of the Report(s). 
EY prepared the Report(s) solely for the Client. The Report(s) address[ es] only the issues identified 
by the Client, and [ is/are] based solely on information obtained by EY using the procedures 
specified by the Client or otherwise provided by or on behalf of the Client. The Report(s) [ is/are] 
subject to many limitations and [ do/does] not provide any form of assurance with respect to any of 
the information referred to therein. The Recipient understands and accepts the scope and limitations 
of the Report(s). 
Except (1) where compelled by legal process (of which the Recipient will immediately notify EY and 
tender to EY, if it so elects, the defense thereof), (2) with respect to any contents of the Report relating 
to the tax treatment and tax structure of the proposed transaction (including any facts that may be 
relevant to understanding the proposed tax treatment of the proposed transaction), or (3) with EY's 
prior written consent, the Recipient will not, circulate, quote, disclose or distribute any of the 
Report(s) or any information contained therein, or any summary or abstract thereof, or make any 
reference thereto or to EY, to anyone other than the Recipient's directors, officers or employees or 
legal advisors who, in each case, need to know its contents in order to 
 and who have 
agreed to be bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement to the same extent as the Recipient. 
The Recipient further agrees that it will not, and will not permit others to, quote or refer to the Report, 
any portion, summary or abstract thereof, or to EY, in any document filed or distributed in connection 
with (a) a purchase or sale of securities to which the United States or state securities laws ("Securities 
EYLLPUSTAX00I/ADVISORWSOW(EAYI02615 
(Client name) 
Page 6 of 7 
EFTA00590225
--- PAGE 7 ---
Laws") are applicable or (b) periodic reporting obligations under Securities Laws. The Recipient will 
not contend that any provisions of Securities Laws could invalidate any provision of this agreement. 
In further consideration of EY allowing the Recipient access to the Report(s) and the information 
contained therein, the Recipient agrees that: 
1. It does not acquire any rights against EY, and EY does not assume any duties or obligations to the 
Recipient or otherwise, as a result of such access. 
2. It will not rely on the Report(s) or any portion thereof and will make no claim that it has done so. 
3. It will make no claim against EY, its partners, employees or affiliates, or other members of the 
global Ernst & Young network (collectively, the "EY Parties" that relates in any way to the 
Report(s), any information contained therein, or the Recipient's access to the Report(s). 
4. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, it will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the 
EY Parties from and against any claim or expense, including reasonable attorneys' fees, suffered 
or incurred by any EY Party relating to any breach by the Recipient of any of its representations 
or agreements contained herein or the use or disclosure of the Report(s) or any portion thereof by 
anyone who received it directly or indirectly from or at the request of the Recipient. 
Very truly yours, 
Ernst & Young LLP [replace with EY facsimile signature when final] 
Accepted by: 
[Addressee] 
By:  
EYLLPUSTAX00I/ADVISORWSOW(EAY102615 
[Client name) 
Page 7 of 7 
EFTA00590226

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590227.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590227.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Tue. 14 April 2O15 10:46:39 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page 1 of 3 
Travel Arrangements for EPSTEIN/JEFFREY E 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
Travel Details 
Friday 22 May 15 
Other Information 
AgentDetails 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1-877-877-0987 
When Overseas Call Collect 602-537-4000 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
A VISA IS REQUIRED FOR ENTRY INTO JAPAN 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
A VISA IS REQUIRED FOR ENTRY INTO RUSSIA 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary YREBCV 
AYE RICAN
EXPRESS 
EFTA00590227
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 GO 
Hotel Information 
Hotel 
Address 
Check In Date 
Check Out Date 
Confirmation Number 
Special Information 
Base Rate 
Cancellation Policy 
Rooms 
Guaranteed 
ANDAZ TOKYO TORANOM 
1-234 Toranomon Minato-Ku 
TOKYO JP 105-0001 
Fri 22 May 2015 
Sat 30 May 2015 
HY0060935714 
Andaz Bay Vw S. Connecting Non Smoking 
JPY 212000 / per night. may be subject to local taxes and service charges 
Cancel 24H prior to day of arrival 
Room 
For Late Arrival 
Hotel Information 
Confirmed 
Stay 
Telephone 
Fax 
Nights 
81-03-68301234 
81-03-68301211 
Hotel 
Address 
Check In Date 
Check Out Date 
Confirmation Number 
Special Information 
Base Rate 
Cancellation Policy 
Rooms 
Guaranteed 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
ANDAZ TOKYO TORANOM 
1-23-4 Toranomon Minato-Ku 
TOKYO JP 105-0001 
Fri 22 May 2015 
Sat 30 May 2015 
HY0060935816 
Andaz Bay Vw T. Connecting Room With Hy0060935714 
JPY 62000 / per night. may be subject to local taxes and service charges 
Cancel 24H prior to day of arrival 
Room 
For Late Arrival 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Stay 
Telephone 
Fax 
Nights 
81-03-68301234 
81-03-68301211 
ADVANCE RESERVATIONS ARE RECOMMENDED IF YOU WISH TO 
ENJOY GOLF. SPA. DINING. AFTERNOON TEA OR REQUIRE 
ANY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS IN ADVANCE OF YOUR HOTEL STAY 
ADDITIONAL TAXES. SERVICE CHARGES. INSURANCE. OR OTHER 
FEES MAY APPLY TO HOTEL AND CAR RENTAL RESERVATIONS 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at 
Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise. accommodations, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services include's'. without limitabon. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its af liates. subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Fritcy and Fxit Information for Tine.] 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodicaty review 
for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel 
deal-tab:on. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Air Transportation Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit 
for more information. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carnage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A viotabon can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases, oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in you' luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit hltp.2r,ww_fas.;":atQut:ma:riez:hazinat_zate:;?. 
Page 2 of 3 
Itinerary YREBCV 
E 
E SS 
EFTA00590228
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex" act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense cr damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations, accidents or 
failures of equipment or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. cM 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public interne . telecommunications lines or facilities. IX third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppliers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncenbves for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to tine may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing channels. participating in marketing programs and supportng technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppers and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including suppler availability and your preferences. The relabonstips we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppbers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a dam with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider a such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maxrum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your daim 
and a $35 processng fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: 
or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product anctror date. 
NEVADA 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of travel services or a 
vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtan information relating to your rights under the Recovery 
Fund and the fling of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Find. you may contact the Consumer Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at 
the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA'. 1850 East Sahara Avenue. Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104. Phone: 702.486.7355. Fax 702.486.7371. e-mail: ncadakyiconsumerorg 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kietzke Lane. Building B. Suite 113. Reno. Nevada 89502. Phone: 775.688.1800. Fax: 775.688.1803. e-mail: nced@fyiconsumenorg 
California CST01022318. Washington U8Ift600-469-694. Iowa TA#002. Nevada NV#2001.0126. 
Page 3 of 3 
Itinerary YREBCV 
AMERICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00590229

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590230.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590230.pdf
----------------------------------------
BLACK 
SREBNICK 
KORNSPAN 
STUMPF 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS B-3 
ST THOMAS 00802 
US VIRGIN ISLANDS 
TRIAL & APPELLATE 
ATTORKETS 
Telephone: 
Tax ID Number: W
I
Statement Date: 
03/02/2016 
Statement No. 
110 
Account No. 
826.01 
PREVIOUS BALANCE 
HOURS 
$1,305.00 
02/24/2016 
RB 
LEGAL FEES - EMAILS ABOUT GOVERNMENT POSITION ON 
DISCOVERY; TELEPHONE CALL TO MARIE VILLAFANA. 
0.80 
1,120.00 
02/25/2016 
RB 
LEGAL FEES - TELEPHONE CALL WITH MARIE VILLAFANA; EMAILS. 
0.70 
980.00 
02/29/2016 
JP 
LEGAL FEES - CALL AND EMAILS WITH MW; START REVIEWING MEMO 
CONCERNING SUMMARY JUDGMENT MOTION, MEDIATION. 
0.50 
325.00 
FOR CURRENT SERVICES RENDERED 
2.00 
2,425.00 
RECAPITULATION 
TIMEKEEPER 
HOURS HOURLY RATE 
TOTAL 
Roy Black 
1.50 
$1,400.00 
$2,100.00 
Jackie Perczek 
0.50 
650.00 
325.00 
THIS PERIOD'S TRANSACTIONS 
2,425.00 
02/16/2016 
PAYMENT DEPOSIT NO 3137 
-1,305.00 
TOTAL OUTSTANDING 
$2,425.00 
Your Trust Account #2 Balance is 
OPENING BALANCE 
02/10/2016 
DEPOSIT NO 1222 
02/16/2016 
Transfer towards fees 
PAYEE: Black, Srebnick, Kornspan & 
CLOSING BALANCE 
$0.00 
1,305.00 
-1,305.00 
$0.00 
201 S. BISCAYNE BOULEVARD 
SUITE 1300 
MIAMI, FL 33131 
Page 1 
EFTA00590230
--- PAGE 2 ---
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Statement Date: 
03/02/2016 
Statement No. 
110 
Account No. 
826.01 
Total Outstanding 
$2,425.00 
Page 
EFTA00590231

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590232.pdf
----------------------------------------
Global Investment Opportunities Group 
• 
‘,„
,„ 
OTC Derivatives Position Summary
G I C) 
CwnwF26Cppmd119satn 
YKN50 
21065 
%AVOW 
'57733 
4877)50 
I5124 
iy.,04% 
7139 
19850 
133665 
)0.01.60 
571.05 
0.5V50 
I21% 
6&760. 
I Ca% 
1.15004 
0%% 
LOSOCAD 
5.01” 
WWI 
4103 
36060t 
55.973? 
Mad ~ad 
7,,,s, Dell 
m,,,,,,,, 
0,0" 
wit
0W 
C." 
7467 6.,...0 
04.6lion 
Currrecy 
Coaa.x. 
WO On Onle 
Total hn 
earned 
17ntry 13700 
Current UM 
Gaantoss (WO) 
MA I. 
03074-2016 
Or 
Spinlk.telC1 
$1221760 
610/070 
313 
UW 
6WW 
roA 
586t6t003 
03503 
9511 
%.1F0 
100.4 
I I 
02410,1016 
Se. 
ante* Vogl 
51)11500 
620/440 
363 
UW 
ire 
11(0445 70 
II 3425 
i I 300 
7496 
IOM %•l1 
744:39641 
$55 
JP4.01514 ChM 
51319300 
1.000.000 
459 
UM> 
7900% 
04/0104 
12560% 33 
110903 
110.4a 
261993 
IOW II 
Perpolual 
88. 
(lank Of Pain 
51260000 
3040= 
436 
YID 
1123% 
03‘15.»14 
5191177 III 
106960 
10)10 
240017 
Dean t..d int.m. At.,I, -te At.,I,.+I 
034114 
ile18. 
7•4a• Dave 
la mia Ivy 
Oulte,  
VnOn.lY1n9 
''"Clio7iS° 
Fan. 4.,......I !.. i..,„....: 
<ow.. 
Gwen, Index 
44361 lint 
, 
',wet 
Farm. 
4777r4 lend 
C677444 76- ., 
'. , 
L'.0' 
Apr 
401 
• 
11. 
51590M 
tf03A9 
10103 
4M0% 
10L00 
{21.%000 
10080 
f5.19.J 5 
14470M 
7~12 
210~13 
10% 
M4 
•53.000.000 
37701.00) 
571.73 
ouloreon 
ISO% 
60353 
54500000 
10340 
10361 5 
einn Nairn Martio•4446% 
eyza, 
,,,„,„„ 
„, 
,,,.„„„ 
it, ine 
Ulu@ 
ndia,. 
fr.' IT,  
,,,,,,,  
cu %%%%% laid 
044646.• 0.730., 
C..'
MD
onnuo t.,. one, tn. 
r,....eui 
. a..`.
laler43 
Prime 
1344.62014 
Ca 
Wa.M2C04M1 .1.1,1115/5 
1973403 
UM», 
1914% 
500100 
4050 
ea 
3046 
74~11 
Prime 
75.17•61032 
Dee 1000.41 I 
.5714115 
I.t4.CW 
'Wet 
5.5. 
50164291 
7130 
MOO 
%MI 
0M. 6777•707ges Maritla 
in 
1%104 
0,41
,04 
read* 0.4 
Comp...7y 
sh.... 
cm 
C.,,...Y 
Y.W. 
',,,,,,, Y 
imt, h'. 0 
(.....", Pi.* 
446610`. 1.030) 
10M ,7 
/7morgan 0 
4•14.54: 
Decomeet 
Oh 
4.3.04 
%at 
51% 
I 
na.in 
OpenSi.u.11ulNMn64oM.nn 
j
n.
3011 Year end Open MM 
(79107% 
eurrent.Open Partin Ii3M 
03).005 
YID 2012 Change in open MTM 
S 
1621,610 
.101.173.44 paddoni Canto. 
475.472 
2012 Net Performance 
2.045,654 
ten Pan Pert« mange 
n91.625) 
Performance since Inception 
1.251.829 
-. mono him. Der a mewing, nee In Ile 06770. NM.% hanes<040•401 4 t • 
54,510.~ a D. Me fa afareMet eale•Or • 
46690^(6474547%M .514• ,k 5,55,1NO 0,  • a 
1, 5 ^ a 455, 44 0 e •oca wow 
Imintle•hc <MAW le a Inaba MAIM New Ye% %al bkhalok ard atear rutbeal dnd nog alai euhaerae. IMO ii. Sp brekittelet mete KAM are in Siam, illAoripa Om* • Ca nw omit* nnan, atiar teandnbeia ermarmil 
ehiwritrfilie. 
Ta. lallamr4 a PS/ ganaied la enioneasenil 
~arm son new% inionnnen contawd è, en mamma ands./ axenpterqdensmaateronehellmba nn lortod se ate rannrorynon %futon. nanmm% 
<manna" falMaina Or enemet a Idneil el be ftlfUt. OA ve Of eff vent ef COnnelete Ofinent. 00%04 4.4 06046:313.607•74 otorlyotniaOne7~ lodnrge•3543.1 44441 MI ~mean,. 
ndc446 44 Mae 
%.473 116srratedl aria 434746137a, out or 6310676:« 50, en 36,03se o•so% of any enntial %awn% 8,0).04, 4taka. Mike Pt,  Sm.tes sal entiotte avy PO» 100»... «! a mieluelt maw ia We 8nisfi.11.9nwragrá 44 418 *Fa 
alecusd twin ar in •• intteermlin. pitmen spit Pilau or 'Sib. NM eat Vábaaora presded name pea %errata% cot Oa 47675) slovens 
7167%,00 lo rev. 077,60 PlernreC(0313%.074 We ca~777.nanite t6ao. 4.703% 04.13,40.713 nal Ile ~Oat* aerinfeird6r70:4531655446,41.847%346frorn odn,  nor te ot0.0.16:4 de ~ON 01 qvii.rdre.00.1010./ 45033 ling[ 
mom, enema. icinne Met wonefearth manna ne ent nu le of asimme fhe Mat PUMP nab on te matte neetinaionsenniesonnonift Moot 0 reffewmtakt h04443753~ 6/ 97.404401 ulepaits reds% no, 
Memos« 
ant en% 
be 8,8,848. 
cr common amnesty nY 
uf 
fannINT ...ad 
«sr P......rad ainSr. 
meats... moon M.o. Ink rometimin to Imao elonnnee or MOON CM Vendee« 
on , rombon a for OHM nee. tar moon whOn ith ~Ma 
an$ um be PlAnntlatenalbental An/ ult...5.0,b010% 0 ~kWh, by ~ads 
%an Ole ~note% prefilited 77 pou ~in Ons intor46 AVM n45% ~HOOP 
n n.d...” gad mean II Ire mil 
10140 036:46.4 am 4 C0 
EFTA00590232

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590233.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590233.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2421 West Peoria Avenue WS AZ38.03-01 
Phoenix. AZ 850294708 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
EPSTEIN/JEFFREY E 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas Ca Collect 
Agent ID. LZ 
ITINERARY 
Generated: January 7.2013 04:18 PM 
Page 1 of 3 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing 
authorization is received. Please contact your travel office by 11:59 PM on January 10,or this entire 
reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details: 
Thursday January 24, 2013 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION- PASSPORT MUST BE VALID ON ARRIVAL 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AIR FRANCE 
Flight: 
Departure: 
7:10 pm 
New York JFK. NY 
Arrival: 
8:25 am 
Pans De Gaulle. FRANCE 
Departure Terminal: 
TERMINAL 1 
Arriving on: 
January 25. 2013 
Arrival Termnal: 
AEROGARE 2 TERMINAL E 
Seats: 
IA 3A 
Class: 
First 
Travel Details: 
Saturday February 9, 2013 
Airline Record Locator 
Equipment 
Airbus A380-800 
Estimated Time: 
HR 15 MIN 
Distance: 
3.635 Mies 
Meal: 
Breakfast meal 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AIR FRANCE 
Flight: 
Departure: 
2:05 pm 
Pans De Gaulle. FRANCE 
Arrival: 
4:20 pm 
New York JFK. NY 
Departure Terminal: 
AEROGARE 2 TERMINAL E 
Arrival Termnal: 
TERMINAL I 
Seats: 
IA 3A 
Class: 
First 
Additional Information: 
Aldine Record Locator 
Equipment 
Airbus A380-800 
Estimated Time: 
HR 15 MIN 
Distance: 
3.635 Mies 
Meal: 
Meal service 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY BE SUBJECT 
TO AN INCREASE IN FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-----------------
LW" 
EFTA00590233
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00590234
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures or advertisements describi-g any tour. cruise, accommodations, transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including, without limitation, all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the terms and conditions. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information. please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHER IMPORTANT NOTICES. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex') act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but 
not limited to delays. overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires. earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities. civil 
unrest, strikes, riots. theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6O01; or by visiting TCRC's website at: 
www.tcrcinfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kietzke Lane. Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502. Phone: 
. Fax: 
e-mail: 
California CST#1022318.10, Rhode Island ML#1192, Washington UBI#600.469.694, Iowa TA#002, Nevada NV#2001-0126. 
EFTA00590235

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590236.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590236.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00590236
--- PAGE 2 ---
KARAKORAM GROUP INTERNATIONAL 
MOST EXPERIENCED PROBLEM SOLVERS IN THE WORLD 
.4& 
KGI 
Founded by two former commanders of the nation's premier Army and Navy Counter 
Terrorism units, the Karakoram Group International (KGI) team is comprised of former 
leaders and team members from elite special operations units who bring with them 
decades of experience operating in volatile environments. Bringing unrivaled skills and 
instincts to complex problem solving, we help Fortune 500 companies conduct business 
operations globally. 
Whether conducting comprehensive risk assessments in order to help companies better 
protect their overseas operations, conducting viability and due diligence analyses for 
companies trying to gain entry into challenging yet highly opportunistic markets, or 
coaching and mentoring security teams in order to improve their capability, KGI is here 
to help your business thrive in challenging locations, approaching each task with a "no 
fail" effort. 
EFTA00590237
--- PAGE 3 ---
OPERATIONALSERVICES 
AIS 
KG I 
PROACTIVE ACTION ANDTIMELY DECISION MAKING 
We serve as the trusted partner to our clients supporting a range of advisory services and business requirements. Our 
focus is on helping leaders solve complex problems and gather information required to make insightful and timely 
decisions. 
List of Operational Services: 
Risk Advisory 
Vulnerability rests on 
uncovering actual threats to 
key assets, operations and 
people. 
We design plans to secure 
your business and reduce the 
impact of uncertainty on 
operations. 
We coach security 
management teams to 
perform at significantly higher 
levels and to motivate their 
people to do the same. 
Asset Due Diligence 
To protect your investment, 
we deploy teams on the 
ground to assess the 
operations and people 
impacting your assets. 
Our focus is on core 
operational issues: supply 
chain, key relationships, 
physical assets, critical 
vulnerabilities, etc. 
Sectors include but are not 
limited to: energy, metals & 
mining, logistics and 
transportation at sea, in 
the air, and on the ground. 
Training 
We offer world class military 
and police training from some 
of the world's most 
experienced coaches. 
All of our courses are tailor-
made to meet the exact 
requirements and needs of our 
customers. Courses can either 
be conducted at our training 
facilities in the U.S. or at our 
clients training facilities. 
EFTA00590238
--- PAGE 4 ---
LEADERSHIP TEAM 
Scott Moore / CEO 
KG I 
Scott Moore retired in 2014 as a Navy Rear Admiral with over 30 yrs in Naval Special 
Warfare (NSW). A graduate of the United States Air Force Academy, he received a cross 
commission into the Navy and immediately attended Basic Underwater Demolition/SEAL 
(BUD/S) training. During his career, he led at every level of NSW, from SEAL platoon 
commander, to Commander of the Nation's premier Counterterrorist Force, to Deputy 
Commander of Naval Special Warfare Command, where he was responsible for training 
and equipping a 7000-person force. He also commanded a 1500-person Joint Task Force 
in Afghanistan, which conducted over 2000 capture/kill missions against enemy leaders. 
His staff tours included assignments as; director, of Counterterrorism, on the National 
Security Staff, White House, directly briefing The President of the United States; as the 
Assistant Operations Officer for Counterterrorism, The Pentagon, where he advised the 
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff daily on counterterrorism operations; and as the 
Deputy Commander for Operations, Office of Defense Representative, Pakistan, where he 
coordinated NATO operations with Pakistani military leaders. 
He earned a masters degree in National Security Studies at the Naval War College, 
graduating with Distinction. At every level of Adm. Moore's military career, he was known 
for his operational abilities, effective leadership and clear decision-making, having 
personally led numerous "national level" no-fail missions during some of our nation's most 
critical strategic moments. He is the co-founder and CEO of Karakoram Group Intl, which 
focuses on solving global commercial security problems. He also serves as Chairman for 
SEALKids, a non-profit focusing on keeping SEALs in the fight by assisting with their 
children's educational and enrichment needs at home. 
EFTA00590239
--- PAGE 5 ---
LEADERSHIP TEAM 
Mark Erwin / President 
.4& 
KG I 
Mark Erwin served in the United States Army for over 25 years culminating his career as 
the Chief of Staff of the United States Army Special Operations Command. After being 
commissioned into Infantry from ROTC at Wake Forest University, he held leadership 
positions in Mechanized and Airborne Infantry which included command of an 82nd 
Airborne Company in Operation Desert Storm. In 1995 Mr. Erwin was selected into Army 
Special Operations where he commanded at every level of the U.S. Army's most elite 
Special Mission Unit, from Captain to Colonel. After 9/11 Mr. Erwin became a key player in 
the Global War on Terrorism. He deployed numerous times to Afghanistan, Iraq and other 
countries throughout the Middle East and North Africa leading the United States' most 
sensitive operations. He became a specialist in building teams of Joint, Interagency 
partners working closely with other nations' leadership, both military and civilian. Mr. Erwin 
commanded a 3500 man Task Force in Operation Iraqi Freedom that teamed with 
Coalition partners and Iraqis conducting stability operations throughout Iraq. 
Since his retirement in 2010, Mr. Erwin has been involved in multiple international business 
and security initiatives. In 2012, Mr. Erwin became CEO of a Fortress Investment Group 
startup, A&K 
Global Health, a medical travel company providing access to quality, 
affordable healthcare across the globe. He served as a Non-Executive Director for Heritage 
Oil, an international oil and gas exploration and production company, from May 2012 until 
June 2014 when the company was purchased and taken private from the London Stock 
Exchange and currently serves as a Director on the board of Aspen Medical International 
which provides healthcare solutions across Africa and the Middle East. 
EFTA00590240
--- PAGE 6 ---
ADVISORY BOARD 
General George W. Casey Jr. 
KG I 
General George W. Casey, Jr. enjoyed a 41-year career in the U.S. Army following his 
graduation from Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service in 1970. He is an 
accomplished leader and an authority on strategic leadership. As the 36th Chief of Staff of 
the U.S. Army, General Casey led the U.S. Army from 2007-2011 and is widely credited 
with restoring balance to a war-weary Army and leading the transformation to keep it 
relevant in the 21st Century. He was a stalwart advocate for military families, wounded 
Soldiers, and survivors of the fallen, and took on the tough issues of suicide and reducing 
the stigma attached to combat stress. Prior to this, General Casey commanded the Multi-
National Force — Iraq, a coalition of more than 30 countries, where he guided the Iraq 
mission through its toughest days. In his 15 years as a general officer, he held numerous 
senior leadership positions in Europe, the Middle East and the United States. 
Currently, General Casey lectures on leadership at the Johnson School of Management at 
Cornell University, at other business schools and to the leaders of national and 
multinational corporations. He also lectures on International Relations at the Korbel 
School, University of Denver. In addition, General Casey serves as the Chairman of USO 
Board of Governors, serves on the board of Georgetown University and sits on several 
corporate boards and boards of organizations that support U.S. servicemen and 
women, 
U.S. veterans and their families. 
EFTA00590241
--- PAGE 7 ---
ADVISORY BOARD 
Damian Gilbert 
Damian Gilbert has over 20 years experience in Merchant Banking, Hedge Funds and 
Private Equity. Mr. Gilbert is a Managing Director with Fortress Investments, a $70 billion 
Asset Management firm based in New York. He joined the firm in 2013 and focuses on 
launching companies that are innovative in the healthcare sector in the areas of consumer 
facing technology & services. 
Prior to joining Fortress, Mr. Gilbert was a Managing Director with Allen & Company, a New 
York based Merchant Bank, where he ran a global practice providing 
Financing, and 
Strategic advice to family offices, private and public companies in the consumer internet, 
media, and technology sectors. Mr. Gilbert co-managed Allen Global Partners, the firm's 
$1.5 billion event driven hedge fund, where he ran the international portfolio investing in a 
variety of merger arbitrage, special situations, and distressed debt opportunities. During 
his tenure, Mr. Gilbert was instrumental in raising significant capital for the fund, and 
broadening the investor base to include international & sovereign institutions. Prior to 
Allen & Company, Mr. Gilbert was a Managing Director and Head of 
U.S. Equities with Churchill Capital, a boutique sell-side firm providing research & trading 
services to merger arbitrage & special situations focused hedge funds. He joined Churchill 
Capital from Chesapeake Partners, a U.S. based event driven hedge fund where as an 
Analyst he worked on merger arbitrage and special situations ideas. Damian at rn his 
career as an investment banker with Smith Barney in 1995 working with the 
group 
and the TMT. 
Confidential 
EFTA00590242
--- PAGE 8 ---
REFERENCE PROJECT / AFGHANISTAN 
ASSET RECOVERY 
- Afghanistan: 2000 lost 
shipping containers 
- Loss valued at $50,000 
per container 
- U.S. Department of Justice 
investigation threatening 
billions of dollars of U.S. 
Government contracts 
- Conduct on ground 
due diligence 
- 95% recovery of containers 
- Utilized US and Afghani, 
military and civilian network 
- Recovery execution: 
months 
- Nearly $100MM in assets 
recovered 
- Department of Justice 
investigation dropped 
- U.S. Government reputation 
saved 
KG I 
EFTA00590243
--- PAGE 9 ---
REFERENCE PROJECT/NIGERIA 
RISK ADVISORY 
- Complex: multi-
national corporation 
operating on-shore 
and off-shore Nigeria 
- Continued vandalism 
and militancy directed at 
production assets cost 
hundreds of millions of 
dollars 
- Design-based, 
collaborative 
assessment of 
operations and key 
personnel 
- Extensive 
analysis of 
internal/external 
context 
- Ongoing Change initiative 
- Leadership gaps, 
individual capability gaps, 
dynamic capability 
(process) gaps 
-Extensive coaching program 
to foster cross-functional team 
building, adaptability, 
resilience, learning, creativity 
and decentralization to close 
gaps 
AIS 
KG I 
EFTA00590244
--- PAGE 10 ---
REFERENCE PROJECT/ MEXICO 
ON-THE-GROUND DUE DILIGENCE 
- Investing in a US entity 
that manufactures in 
Mexico 
- Concerned with 
security of personnel 
- Concerned about 
Cartel effects on 
operational stability 
- Sourced a team to 
assess physical security at 
site 
- Established comms with 
key players on location to 
include politicians and 
locals 
- Provided first 
hand on-the-ground 
assessment to 
client 
-PE Firm able to make 
educated decision on 
security of investment 
KG I 
EFTA00590245
--- PAGE 11 ---
REFERENCE PROJECT/AFRICA-INDIA-MIDDLE EAST 
MARKET ENTRY ASSISTANCE 
- Medical tourism startup 
for a $70B PE firm 
- Patients move from Nairobi to 
Delhi for care 
- Desire to grow model 
- Study the business 
model and goals 
- Assess new markets 
in East Africa and the 
Middle East 
- Design growth 
strategy 
- Assisted in opening 4 offices 
across region 
- Closed contracts with 
Governments of Kurdistan 
and Kenya 
- Grew expansive hospital 
network in India, Africa, 
Middle East 
AOS 
KG I 
EFTA00590246
--- PAGE 12 ---
CONTACT US 
Adk 
K0 
Headquartered in Virginia Beach, Virginia U.S.A. 
Email: 
Website: 
EFTA00590247

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590248.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590248.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 27349731 E-Filed 05/15/2015 01:43:57 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: CACE 15-000072 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and 
PAUL G. CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs / Counterclaim Defendants, 
v. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant / Counterclaim Plaintiff. 
DEFENDANT / COUNTERCLAIM PLAINTIFF ALAN DERSHOWITZ'S 
MEMORANDUM IN OPPOSITION TO NON-PARTY BOLES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER 
LLP'S MOTION TO OUASH OR FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 
Defendant / Counterclaim Plaintiff Alan Dershowitz ("Dershowitz") respectfully submits 
this Memorandum in Opposition to the Motion to Quash or for Protective Order Regarding 
Subpoena (the "Motion to Quash") filed by non-party Boies, Schiller & Flexner LLP ("BSF'). 
Dershowitz also refers the Court to his memorandum in opposition to Jane Doe No. 3's motion 
to quash the subpoena served on her for additional details about the nature of this case and why 
Dershowitz is entitled to the discovery he seeks.' 
INTRODUCTION 
The Court should deny the Motion to Quash because the subpoena duces tecum served on 
BSF by Dershowitz is entirely proper and seeks the production of relevant, non-privileged 
Jane Doe No. 3 has no right to proceed anonymously as she has been identified publicly on 
several occasions and has made public statements to the media using her own name, as indicated 
by the exhibits that she submitted with her motion to quash. See Jane Doe No. 3's Motion to 
Quash, Exs. 1-4. Nonetheless, Dershowitz will refer to her as "Jane Doe No. 3" until the Court 
orders otherwise. 
EFTA00590248
--- PAGE 2 ---
documents that are at the heart of this defamation lawsuit. BSF is representing Jane Doe No. 3 in 
connection with this action. Jane Doe No. 3's credibility and the veracity, or lack thereof, of her 
outrageous allegations against Dershowitz have been placed directly in dispute by Plaintiffs 
Bradley J. Edwards ("Edwards") and Paul G. Cassell ("Cassell") (together, "Plaintiffs"), the 
attorneys who are representing Jane Doe No. 3 in a separate but related litigation. Moreover, 
Jane Doe No. 3 has waived any possible claims of privacy with regard to her sexual allegations 
against Dershowitz and others by voluntarily making statements to the media for publication in 
tabloids (likely being paid for doing so) and including them in pleadings and affidavits. She 
cannot use these sexual allegations as swords and then hide behind them as shields. Edwards, 
Cassell, and BSF have all publicly proclaimed that they are representing Jane Doe No. 3 on a pro 
bono basis, apparently in an effort to lend credibility to her false allegations against Dershowitz. 
In light of these public statements — which unquestionably waive any possible claim of privilege 
or confidentiality with regard to fee arrangements and retainers, and which Dershowitz does not 
accept as true — Dershowitz is entitled to the discovery he seeks from BSF, including with 
respect to the specific terms of BSF's engagement with the Jane Doe No. 3 and the nature of 
Jane Doe No. 3's contracts with publishers, media outlets, and entertainment producers 
FACTUAL BACKGROUND 
This defamation action arises out of an underlying lawsuit that Edwards and Cassell filed 
against the United States (the "Government") in the United States District Court for the Southern 
District of Florida (the "Federal Action") more than eight years ago. In the Federal Action, 
Edwards and Cassell represent certain alleged victims of Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), a client of 
Dershowitz's, who contend that the Government violated their rights under the Crime Victims' 
Rights Act (the "CVRA"). Specifically, the two alleged victims — known as "Jane Doe No. I" 
EFTA00590249
--- PAGE 3 ---
and "Jane Doe No. 2" — assert that the Government violated their rights under the CVRA by 
failing to consult with them before negotiating a non-prosecution agreement (the "NPA") with 
Epstein, who allegedly subjected them to various sexual crimes when they were minors. 
On December 30, 2014 — more than eight years after the Federal Action began — Edwards 
and Cassell filed a motion to allow a third alleged victim, Jane Doe No. 3, to join in the suit as an 
additional plaintiff (the "Joinder Motion"). See Counterclaim, at 12. The Joinder Motion alleges 
that Jane Doe No. 3 first met Epstein in 1999 and that Epstein "kept Jane Doe #3 as his sex slave 
from about 1999 through 2002, when she managed to escape to a foreign country." Id. The 
Joinder Motion alleges that "Epstein also sexually trafficked the then-minor Jane Doe [No. 3], 
making her available for sex to politically-connected and financially-power people." Id. ADD. 
Although none of these allegations have ever been validated by any law enforcement authorities 
or other objective investigators, and cannot be presumed to be true, Edwards and Cassell filed 
the Joinder Motion on the public docket in the Federal Action, without any accompanying 
motion to seal. 
In response to the false and outrageous allegations asserted against him in the Federal 
Action on behalf of Jane Doe No. 3 and the subsequent media coverage of those allegations, 
Dershowitz made a number of public statements defending his previously unblemished personal 
and professional reputations. Edwards and Cassell used their personal credibility as lawyers, 
and, in Cassell's case, as a law professor and former judge, to enhance the credibility of Jane 
Doe No. 3's allegations. Dershowitz had the right to respond by challenging their credibility, as 
well as Jane Doe No. 3's credibility, in the court of public opinion. Edwards and Cassell then 
filed this action, alleging that Dershowitz defamed them by "initiat[ing] a massive public media 
assault on the reputation and character of [Edwards] and [Cassell] accusing them of intentionally 
EFTA00590250
--- PAGE 4 ---
lying in their filing, of having leveled knowingly false accusations against [Dershowitz] without 
ever conducting any investigation of the credibility of the accusations and of having acted 
unethically to the extent that their willful misconduct warranted and required disbarment" — even 
though Dershowitz "knew [the Joinder Motion] to be an entirely proper and well-founded 
pleading." CompIli 17. 
After the filing of this action, Dershowitz's counsel reached out to Plaintiffs to ask 
whether they would accept service of a subpoena on behalf of Jane Doe No. 3. Plaintiffs refused 
and referred Dershowitz to BSF, which is representing Jane Doe No. 3 for purposes of this 
action. BSF likewise refused to accept service on behalf of Jane Doe No. 3, which forced 
Dershowitz to use the commission process to serve Jane Doe No. 3 in Colorado with a subpoena 
for deposition testimony and documents. On March 31, 2015, Dershowitz served a separate 
subpoena for the production of documents on BSF. See Motion to Quash, Comp. Ex. 1. The 
subpoena seeks, among other things: (1) documents concerning any actual or potential book, 
television or movie contracts or deals concerning Jane Doe No. 3's allegations about being a 
"sex slave"; (2) drafts of any of Jane Doe No. 3's declarations referencing Dershowitz by name; 
(3) documents supporting Jane Doe No. 3's allegations about Dershowitz in the Federal Action; 
(4) statements provided by, and notes from interviews given by, Jane Doe No. 3 referencing 
Dershowitz by name; and (5) documents concerning BSF's retention by Jane Doe #3, including 
but not limited to the signed retainer letter and any reference to fees for the retention. In short, 
Dershowitz seeks documents and information from BSF that are directly relevant to the issues in 
dispute in this case. 
EFTA00590251
--- PAGE 5 ---
On April 9, 2015, BSF served objections to the subpoena duces tecitm and filed a motion 
to quash the subpoena in its entirety or, in the alternative, for a protective order limiting the 
scope of the documents it is required to produce. 
On April 7, 2015, Judge Marra issued an order in the Federal Action striking the portions 
of the Joinder Motion and Jane Doe No. 3's declarations referring to Dershowitz. See Ex. A. 
The court concluded that the allegations against Dershowitz, including the "lurid details" 
included in the Joinder Motion by Plaintiffs on behalf of Jane Doe No. 3, are "immaterial and 
impertinent" to the issues in dispute in the Federal Action, and were "unnecessary" to resolving 
the Federal Action. He ruled that striking these allegations was "sanction enough" for Edwards 
and Cassell. Judge Marra also reminded the attorneys of their obligations under Rule 11 of the 
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, which prohibits allegations made for an improper purpose. In 
a supplemental order also issued on April 7, 2015, Judge Marra ordered that the filings 
containing the stricken materials be restricted from public access. See Ex. B. 
During the course of this litigation, BSF has made public statements to the media about 
the terms of its representation of Jane Doe No. 3. For example, in an article published on April 
24, 2015, The American Lawyer cites the following statement by BSF to report as a fact that the 
firm is representing Jane Doe No. 3 on a pro bono basis: 
The firm's pro bono program focuses on meaningful cases including trying to 
assist women and children who are the victims of abuse. Boies Schiller & 
Flexner LLP took on Ms. 
' representation because she was a victim of 
abuse when she was a minor child. 
See Ex. C. Plaintiffs' counsel likewise represented to this Court at the hearing of April 10, 2015, 
that Edwards and Cassell are representing Jane Doe No. 3 in the Federal Action on a pro bono 
basis. See Ex. D, at 20, Ins. 6-7. As set forth below, these assertions of fact — which Dershowitz 
does not accept as true — waive any possible claim of privilege with regard to the retainer and all 
EFTA00590252
--- PAGE 6 ---
related fee agreements entered into between Jane Doe No. 3 and her lawyers. Dershowitz is 
entitled to test in discovery whether, while purportedly representing Jane Doe No. 3 on a pro 
bono basis in this case, BSF and/or Plaintiffs have other financial arrangements seeking to cash 
in with Jane Doe No. 3 by way of book or movie deals or otherwise. Those are fair topics for 
discovery, and Jane Doe No. 3 and BSF assuredly have waived any privilege on the subject 
matter of BSF's retention by seeking to benefit from statements made to a national publication 
on the subject matter. 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
I. 
The documents sought by the subpoena are directly relevant to this defamation 
action. 
Much like the motion to quash filed by Jane Doe No. 3, BSF's motion asserts that the 
information Dershowitz seeks in the subpoena served on the firm is not relevant to Plaintiffs' 
defamation claim. This argument ignores both the broad scope of discovery permitted under the 
Florida Rules of Civil Procedure and how Plaintiffs themselves have framed the issues — 
squarely placing in dispute whether Dershowitz in fact "knew" that Jane Doe No. 3's accusations 
against him were "proper and well-founded," i.e., true. 
Under Rule 1.280, "[p)arties may obtain discovery regarding any matter, not privileged. 
that is relevant to the subject matter of the pending action, whether it relates to the claim or 
defense of the party seeking discovery or the claim or defense of any other party." Put 
differently, information is discoverable so long as it relates "to the issues involved in the 
litigation, as framed in all pleadings." Diaz-Verson v. Walbridge Aldinger Co., 54 So. 3d 1007, 
1011 (Fla. 2d DCA 2010); see also Richard Mulholland & Assocs. v. Polverari, 698 So. 2d 1269, 
1270 (Fla. 2d DCA 1997) (explaining that a protective order is required only "when the 
EFTA00590253
--- PAGE 7 ---
pleadings indicate that the documents requested are not related to any pending claim or 
defense"). 
BSF contends that the subpoena should be quashed because Dershowitz is seeking 
information that is relevant to the Federal Action and is wholly unconnected to this suit. Motion 
to Quash, at 6-7. This argument ignores that the Federal Action, as it relates to Dershowitz, is 
now over. More significantly, it ignores the basis for Plaintiffs' defamation claim and the nature 
of Dershowitz's affirmative defenses. The complaint in this action expressly alleges that 
Dershowitz committed the tort of defamation by accusing Edwards and Cassell of having acted 
improperly by filing the Joinder Motion, even though Dershowitz "knew [the Joinder Motion] to 
be an entirely proper and well-founded pleading." Compl. 1 17. Thus, the face of the complaint 
establishes that this case does directly involve the veracity of the allegations that Jane Doe No. 3 
asserted against Dershowitz in the Federal Action. 
Indeed, although Jane Doe No. 3 is not a 
party to this case, she is the accuser making allegations of criminal misconduct, which Plaintiffs 
contend are true and which Dershowitz contends are complete fabrications. 
The relevance of the documents sought by the subpoena issued to BSF becomes even 
more apparent after considering what Plaintiffs must prove to prevail on their defamation claim 
and defeat Dershowitz's affirmative defenses. Under Florida law and the First Amendment, a 
defamation plaintiff must establish the following elements: (1) publication; (2) falsity; (3) actor 
must act with knowledge or reckless disregard as to the falsity on a matter concerning a public 
official, or at least negligently on a matter concerning a private person; (4) actual damages; and 
(5) statement must be defamatory. Jews For Jesus, Inc. v. Rapp, 997 So. 2d 1098, 1106 (Fla. 
2008). Because Plaintiffs are public figures or limited public figures, they must also prove that 
EFTA00590254
--- PAGE 8 ---
Dershowitz acted with actual malice in making his statements, i.e., that Dershowitz "knew [the 
Joinder Motion] to be an entirely proper and well-founded pleading." Compl. 1 17. 
Testing this allegation requires discovery into the credibility of Jane Doe No. 3's 
accusations against Dershowitz. The subpoena served on BSF is intended to accomplish 
precisely that goal. For example, the subpoena seeks "[a]ll documents that reference by name, 
Alan M. Dershowitz, which support and/or confirm the allegations set forth in" Jane Doe No. 3's 
declarations submitted in the Federal Action, as well as "[a]ny documents and information that 
support and/or confirm [Jane Doe No. 3's] presence at the various locations named in [Jane Doe 
No. 3's declaration] on the particular dates and times when [Dershowitz] was also present." 
Motion to Quash, Comp. Ex. 1. Similarly, the subpoena seeks Jane Doe No. 3's diaries, cell 
phone records, and travel records during the time she asserts she was kept as Epstein's "sex 
slave," i.e., 1999 to 2002 — all of which could contain information that undermines or contradicts 
her allegations about when and where she allegedly had sex with Dershowitz (and that likewise 
disproves Plaintiffs' allegation that Dershowitz knew the Joinder Motion was a "well-founded 
pleading").2 Id. 
The subpoena also requests documents that go to Jane Doe No. 3's general credibility 
regarding her alleged experiences as a "sex slave" for Epstein — an issue that is directly relevant 
to the truth of Jane Doe No. 3's allegations against Dershowitz, whether Dershowitz knew the 
Joinder Motion to be "well-founded," and what type of investigation (if any) Plaintiffs conducted 
into Jane Doe No. 3's allegations. For example, Jane Doe No. 3 has made statements to the 
Of course, if Plaintiffs or Jane Doe No. 3 were to identify and disclose the specific dates of the 
purported six instances when Jane Doe No. 3 purportedly had sex with Dershowitz, the scope of 
the requested discovery (as well as Plaintiffs' own discovery requests) could easily be narrowed. 
To date, however, Plaintiffs and Jane Doe No. 3 have refused to make specific allegations of 
timing. 
EFTA00590255
--- PAGE 9 ---
media about meeting former President Clinton and former Vice President Gore on Epstein's 
private island in the Caribbean. Dershowitz is entitled to explore the veracity of Jane Doe No. 
3's accounts of these meetings, because any inconsistencies are obviously relevant to Jane Doe 
No. 3's credibility as a witness regarding her alleged experiences as a "sex slave" for Epstein, as 
well as to the sufficiency of any investigation undertaken by Plaintiffs prior to filing the Joinder 
Motion. Dershowitz expects the evidence to show that Jane Doe No. 3's public accounts of her 
alleged interactions with President Clinton and Vice President Gore are complete fabrications, 
just like her allegations against Dershowitz. 
Similarly, Dershowitz has a right to explore Jane Doe No. 3's potential book, movie, and 
television deals as a means of establishing her bias, as well as the potential bias by Edwards and 
Cassell (i.e., whether the lawyers had a fmancial incentive to help sensationalize Jane Doe No. 
3's story by identifying Dershowitz by name in a public pleading). See Steinger, Iscoe & 
Greene, P.A. v. GEICO Gen. Ins. Co., 103 So. 3d 200, 203 (Fla. 4th DCA 2012) (discovery 
aimed at obtaining evidence of a witness's bias is permissible). 
Contrary to BSF's assertions, the subpoena is not an unbounded fishing expedition. 
Rather, Dershowitz is seeking information that goes to the essence of Plaintiffs' claim against 
him in this lawsuit and his affirmative defenses to that claim. 
II. 
BSF has failed to meet its burden of establishing that the documents requested 
by Dershowitz are "entirely privileged." 
BSF conclusorily asserts that the subpoena served by Dershowitz should be quashed in its 
entirety because it "seeks entirely privileged documents from a non-party law firm of 
communications with a non-party client that are not subject to production." Motion to Quash, at 
I. BSF has utterly failed to meet its burden of establishing that all of the documents that 
Dershowitz seeks are protected by the attorney-client privilege. 
EFTA00590256
--- PAGE 10 ---
"The burden of establishing the attorney-client privilege rests on the party claiming it." 
RC/PB, Inc. v. Ritz-Carlton Hotel Co., 132 So. 3d 325, 326 (Fla. 4th DCA 2014) (quoting S. Bell 
TeL & Tel. Co. v. Deason, 632 So.2d 1377, 1383 (Fla. 1994)). A blanket assertion of privilege, 
without supporting evidence, is insufficient to meet this burden. See Maple Wood Partners, L.P. 
v. Indian Harbor Ins. Co., 295 F.R.D. 550, 584 (S.D. Fla. 2013) (applying Florida law) 
(collecting cases). 
Here, all BSF has done is make a blanket, unsupported assertion that all of the documents 
sought by the subpoena are protected from disclosure because "communications between BSF 
and its client were in the course of rendering legal advice and are privileged." Motion to Quash, 
at 3. This argument — which is not supported by any attempt to establish that the elements of the 
attorney-client privilege have been satisfied here with respect to any particular communication — 
ignores that the subpoena seeks categories of documents that are much broader than 
communications between BSF and Jane Doe No. 3. For example, Jane Doe No. 3's diaries and 
travel records are not protected by the attorney-client privilege merely because she has provided 
BSF with a copy of those documents. See, e.g., Upjohn Co. v. United States, 449 U.S. 383, 395, 
(1981) (the attorney-client privilege protects only disclosures of communications between the 
client and the attorney made in confidence; it does not protect disclosure of the underlying facts 
revealed which were communicated to the attorney). Moreover, portions of Jane Doe No. 3's 
diary has been published in the tabloids, thereby waiving any possible privilege or claim of 
privacy 
BSF also asserted a privilege objection to the portion of the subpoena seeking documents 
concerning its retention by Jane Doe No. 3, including but not limited to the signed retainer letter 
and any explanation of the fee agreement between the firm and Jane Doe No. 3. Contrary to 
EFTA00590257
--- PAGE 11 ---
BSF's unsupported assertions, a retainer letter between a client and her attorney generally is not 
protected by the attorney-client privilege, nor is other information relating to the financial 
arrangements between the attorney and the client. See, e.g., Lawfinders Assocs., Inc. v. Legal 
Research Ctr., Inc., 193 F.3d 517, 518 (5th Cir. 1999) ("[T]he attorney-client privilege does not 
protect the type of information contained in the retainer letters."); United States v. Davis, 636 
F.2d 1028, 1043-44 (5th Cir. 1981) (explaining that "Minancial transactions between the 
attorney and client, including the compensation paid by or on behalf of the client" generally are 
not protected by the attorney-client privilege). These principles are particularly apt here, given 
that BSF has publicly announced that it is representing Jane Doe No. 3 on a pro bono basis given 
her alleged abuse as a minor. Dershowitz does not accept that statement as true and is entitled to 
test the veracity of BSF's public assertion, which put the terms of BSF's retention (which BSF 
has already put at issue) even more directly at issue. 
Moreover, BSF's public announcement — which was presumably made with the 
permission of its client — waives any possible claim of privilege with respect to the fee 
agreements and retainers entered into between BSF and Jane Doe No. 3. It is hornbook law that 
the voluntary public disclosure of facts that might otherwise be privileged waives privilege as to 
the entire subject matter. E.g., First Union Nat'l Bank of Fla. v. Whitener, 715 So. 2d 979, 984 
(Fla. 481 DCA 1998) (voluntary production of privileged information results in a waiver of 
privilege for all information on that same specific subject). BSF sought sympathy for Jane Doe 
No. 3 and good press for itself by claiming to represent Jane Doe No. 3 on a pro bono basis. 
Dershowitz is entitled to test whether, when all financial arrangements between Jane Doe No. 3 
and BSF are considered, that public statement is false or so incomplete as to be a deliberately 
misleading half-truth. 
EFTA00590258
--- PAGE 12 ---
BSF's related assertions of "confidentiality" are also unavailing. As set forth in detail in 
Dershowitz's opposition to Jane Doe No. 3's motion to quash, Jane Doe No. 3 has made several 
detailed, public statements about her interactions with Epstein, as well as her purported 
encounters with Dershowitz during her self-described time as Epstein's "sex slave." Edwards 
and Cassell have also submitted numerous unsealed pleadings and declarations on behalf of Jane 
Doe No. 3 in the Federal Action that were available to the public (until Judge Marra 
appropriately struck those filings from the record as being lurid and impertinent). Jane Doe No. 
has given statements and provided documents to the tabloids for publication, and she arranged, 
with the help of her lawyers, to be interviewed about the alleged details of her sex life by ABC 
Television. Jane Doe No. 3 made all of these voluntary statements as an adult, many years after 
she allegedly "escaped" from Epstein. BSF cannot argue that such matters are so "personal" or 
"private" as to warrant an order from the Court that precludes Dershowitz from obtaining any 
discovery relating to Jane Doe No. 3. Accordingly, Dershowitz's right to discovery outweighs 
any purported privacy interests held and now waived by Jane Doe No. 3. See Westco, Inc. v. 
Scott Lewis' Gardening & Trimming, Inc., 26 So.3d 620, 622 (Fla. 4th DCA 2009) (explaining 
that "[w]hen confidential information is sought from a non-party, the trial court must determine 
whether the requesting party establishes a need for the information that outweighs the privacy 
rights of the non-party"). 
Finally, and in all events, Jane Doe No. 3 has waived any claim of privacy with regard to 
subject matters that she has voluntarily made public. A party is not permitted to make selective 
disclosure as to a subject matter and then to assert an exemption from discovery as to other 
aspects of the same subject matter. See Berkeley v. Eisen, 699 So. 2d 789, 791 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1997) (voluntarily disclosing confidential information or otherwise taking "steps inconsistent 
EFTA00590259
--- PAGE 13 ---
with a reasonable expectation of privacy" results in a waiver of privacy rights). A person may 
not publicly disclose otherwise private information publicly, thereby damaging other people's 
reputations, and then claim privacy as a shield to protect against an adversarial challenge to those 
same public allegations. 
In sum, BSF's blanket, conclusory assertions of privilege and confidentiality are not a 
valid basis for finding that the subpoena issued by Dershowitz is either "unreasonable" or 
"oppressive." 
III. 
The subpoena served on BSF is not wholly duplicative of the subpoena served on 
Jane Doe No. 3. 
BSF also argues that the subpoena served by Dershowitz should be quashed because it is 
merely duplicative of the subpoena that Dershowitz served upon its client, Jane Doe No. 3. This 
argument likewise fails. 
The subpoena that Dershowitz served on Jane Doe No. 3 required the production of 
certain specified items "now in your custody or control." See Motion to Quash, Comp. Ex. 1, at 
1. Dershowitz agrees with the proposition that has been advanced by Plaintiffs in this litigation 
that the term "control" generally means "the legal right to obtain the document." 8B Wright & 
Miller, Fed. Prac. & Proc. Civ. § 2210 (3d ed.). Dershowitz therefore submits that Jane Doe No. 
has an obligation, pursuant to the subpoena served on her, to produce responsive documents 
that are in the hands of her attorneys (i.e., BSF and Plaintiffs) because such documents are under 
her "control." Out of an abundance of caution, however, Dershowitz also served a subpoena on 
BSF to circumvent any (baseless) argument by Jane Doe No. 3 that she is unable to produce 
documents that are stored at the offices of her attorneys. 
Moreover, to the extent that BSF has documents that are responsive to the subpoena but 
are not subject to Jane Doe No. 3's control, BSF has an obligation to produce those documents. 
EFTA00590260
--- PAGE 14 ---
For example, internal BSF documents that describe the terms of the firm's engagement with Jane 
Doe No. 3 or BSF's efforts to market Jane Doe No. 3's story may not belong to Jane Doe No. 3 
or otherwise be subject to her control, but nonetheless are responsive to Request No. 22 in the 
subpoena (and, as discussed above, are relevant to this action and are not subject to the attorney-
client privilege). Accordingly, BSF's complaints of duplication are without merit. 
CONCLUSION 
The Court should deny BSF's motion to quash because (1) the documents that 
Dershowitz seeks are relevant to this litigation; (2) BSF has failed to meet its burden of 
establishing that all of the documents sought are protected by the attorney-client privilege; and 
(3) the subpoena is not wholly duplicative of the subpoena issued to Jane Doe No. 3. The Court 
should likewise deny BSF's request for a protective order that limits the scope of its document 
production, as well as its request for fees and costs in connection with the subpoena. 
EFTA00590261
--- PAGE 15 ---
Dated: May 15, 2015 
Respectfully Submitted, 
s/ Thomas E. Scott 
Thomas E. Scott 
Florida Barts
Steven R. Safra 
Florida Bar No. 0570. 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Dadeland Centre II, 14th Floor 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33156 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Richard A. Simpson 
admitted ro hac vice 
Mary E. Borja 
admitted ro hac vice 
Ashley E. Eiler 
admitted ro hac vice) 
WILEY REIN LLP 
1776 K Street NW 
Washin ton D 2 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Counsel for Alan M. Dershowirz 
EFTA00590262
--- PAGE 16 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-
mail on May 15, 2015 to: Jack Scarola, Esquire, Searcy Denny et al 
and 
counsel for Plaintiffs, and to Sigrid McCawley, Esquire, Boies Schiller & 
Flexner, counsel for Jane Doe No. 3, at 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Attorneys for Defendant 
9150 S. Dadeland Blvd. 
Suite 1400 
Miami Florida 33156 
Phone: 
Fax: 
By: 
s/ Thomas E. Scott 
THOMAS E. SCOTT 
FBN: 149100 
STEVEN R. SAFRA 
FBN: 057028 
EFTA00590263
--- PAGE 17 ---
EXHIBIT A 
EFTA00590264
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 1 of 10 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.:08-CV-80736-ICAM 
JANE DOE 1 and JANE DOE 2, 
Petitioners, 
vs. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Respondent. 
ORDER DENYING PETITIONERS' MOTION TO JOIN UNDER RULE 21 AND 
MOTION TO AMEND UNDER RULE 15 
This cause is before the Court on Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4's Corrected Motion 
Pursuant to Rule 21 for Joinder in Action ("Rule 21 Motion") (DE 280), and Jane Doe 1 and Jane 
Doe 2's Protective Motion Pursuant to Rule 15 to Amend Their Pleadings to Conform to 
Existing Evidence and to Add Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 as Petitioners ("Rule 15 Motion") (DE 
311). Both motions are ripe for review. For the following reasons, the Court concludes that they 
should be denied. 
I. Background 
This is an action by two unnamed petitioners, Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2, seeking to 
prosecute a claim under the Crime Victims' Rights Act (CVRA), 18 U.S.C. § 3771. (DE I). 
Generally, they allege that the respondent Government violated their rights under the CVRA by 
failing to consult with them before negotiating a non-prosecution agreement with Jeffrey Epstein, 
who subjected them to various sexual crimes while they were minors. (Id.). Petitioners initiated 
this action in July 2008. (Id.). 
EFTA00590265
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 2 of 10 
On December 30, 2014, two other unnamed victims, Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4, moved 
to join as petitioners in this action pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 21. (DE 280). 
Petitioners (Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2) support the Rule 21 Motion. (a at 11). Jane Doe 3 and 
Jane Doe 4 argue that they "have suffered the same violations of their rights under the [CVRA] 
as the" Petitioners, and they "desire to join in this action to vindicate their rights as well." (a at 
I). The Government vehemently opposes joinder under Rule 21. (DE 290). The Government 
argues that Rule 15 is the proper procedural device for adding parties to an action, not Rule 21. 
(a at 1). 
"[O]ut of an abundance of caution," Petitioners filed a motion to amend their petition 
under Rule 15, conforming the petition to the evidence and adding Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 as 
petitioners. (DE 311 at 2). The Government opposes the Rule 15 Motion as well. (DE 314). 
Among other things, the Government argues that amending the petition to include Jane Doe 3 
and Jane Doe 4 should be denied because of their undue delay in seeking to join the proceedings, 
and the undue prejudice that amendment will cause. (a.). 
After considering the parties' submissions and the proposed amended petition, the Court 
finds that justice does not require amendment in this instance and exercises its discretion to deny 
the amendment. 
IL Discussion 
"The decision whether to grant leave to amend a complaint is within the sole discretion of 
the district court." Laurie v. Ala. Ct. Crim. Apps. 256 F.3d 1266, 1274 (11th Cir. 2001). "The 
court should freely give leave when justice so requires." Fed. R. Civ. P. 15(a)(2). Justice does 
not require amendment in several instances, "includ[ing] undue delay, bad faith, dilatory motive 
EFTA00590266
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 3 of 10 
on the part of the movant, . . . undue prejudice to the opposing party by virtue of allowance of the 
amendment, [and] futility of amendment.'" Laurie, 256 F.3d at 1274 (quoting Foman v. Davis, 
371 U.S. 178, 182 (1962)). In addition to considering the effect of amendment on the parties, the 
court must consider "the importance of the amendment on the proper determination of the merits 
of a dispute." 6 Wright & Miller, Fed. Prac. & Fed. P. § 1488, p. 814 (3d ed. 2010). Justice does 
not require amendment where the addition of parties with duplicative claims will not materially 
advance the resolution of the litigation on the merits. See Herring v. Delta Air Lines, Inc., 894 
F.2d 1020, 1024 (9th Cir. 1989). 
A. 
Rule 21 Motion 
Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4's first attempt to join in this proceeding was brought under 
Rule 21. (DE 280). "If parties seek to add a party under Rule 21, courts generally use the 
standard of Rule 15, governing amendments to pleadings, to determine whether to allow the 
addition." 12 Wright & Miller, Fed. Prac. & Fed. P., p. 432 (3d ed. 2013)• see also Galustian v. 
Peter, 591 F.3d 724, 729-30 (4th Cir. 2010) (collecting cases and noting that Rule 15(a) applies 
to amendments seeking to add parties); Frank v. U.S. West, Inc., 3 F.3d 1357, 1365 (10th Cir. 
1993) ("A motion to add a party is governed by Fed. R. Civ. P. 15(a) ...."). 
Rule 21, "Misjoinder and Non-joinder of Parties," provides the court with a tool for 
correcting the "misjoinder" of parties that would otherwise result in dismissal. Fed. R. Civ. P. 
21. Insofar as Rule 21 "relates to the addition of parties, it is intended to permit the bringing in 
of a person, who through inadvertence, mistake or for some other reason, had not been made a 
party and whose presence as a party is later found necessary or desirable." United States v. Com. 
Bank of N. Am., 31 F.R.D. 133, 135 (S.D.N.Y. 1962) (internal quotation marks omitted). 
EFTA00590267
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 4 of 10 
In their Rule 21 Motion, Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 do not claim that they were omitted 
from this proceeding due to any "inadvertence" or "mistake" by Petitioners; rather, they seek to 
join this proceeding as parties that could have been permissively joined in the original petition 
under Rule 20 ("Permissive Joinder of Parties"). As courts generally use the standards of Rule 
to evaluate such circumstances, the Court will consider the joinder issue as presented in the 
Rule 15 Motion.' The Court will consider the arguments presented in the Rule 21 Motion as if 
they are set forth in the Rule 15 Motion as well. Because the arguments are presented in the Rule 
Motion (and because the Court is denying the Rule 15 Motion on its merits, as discussed 
below), the Rule 21 Motion will be denied. 
The Court also concludes that portions of the Rule 21 Motion and related 
filings should be stricken from the record. Pending for this Court's consideration is a Motion 
for Limited Intervention filed by Alan M. Dershowitz, who seeks to intervene to "strike the 
outrageous and impertinent allegations made against him and [to] request[] a show cause order to 
the attorneys that have made them." (DE 282 at 1). The Court has considered Mr. Dershowitz's 
arguments, but it finds that his intervention is unnecessary as Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 
12(f) empowers the Court "on its own" to "strike from a pleading an insufficient defense or any 
redundant, immaterial, impertinent, or scandalous matter." Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(0. 
Petitioners' Rule 21 Motion consists of relatively little argumentation regarding why the 
Court should permit them to join in this action: they argue that (1) they were sexually abused by 
The Court notes that, regardless of which motion it considers, the same standard 
governs the addition of parties under Rule 21 and Rule 15. See Goston v. Potter, No. 08-cv-478 
FJS ATB, 2010 WL 4774238, at *5 (N.D.N.Y. 2010) (citing Bridgeport Music, Inc. v. Universal 
Music Grp., Inc., 248 F.R.D. 408, 412 (S.D.N.Y. 2008)). 
EFTA00590268
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 5 of 10 
Jeffrey Epstein, and (2) the Government violated their CVRA rights by concealing the non-
prosecution agreement with them. (DE 280 at 3; see id. at 7-8). However, the bulk of the Rule 
Motion consists of copious factual details that Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 "would prove" "[i]f 
allowed to join this action." (Li. at 3, 7). Specifically, Jane Doe 3 proffers that she could prove 
the circumstances under which a non-party introduced her to Mr. Epstein, and how Mr. Epstein 
sexually trafficked her to several high-profile non-party individuals, "including numerous 
prominent American politicians, powerful business executives, foreign presidents, a well-known 
Prime Minister, and other world leaders." (Id. at 3-6). She names several individuals, and she 
offers details about the type of sex acts performed and where they took place. 
id. at 5).2
At this juncture in the proceedings, these lurid details are unnecessary to the 
determination of whether Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 should be permitted to join Petitioners' 
claim that the Government violated their rights under the CVRA. The factual details regarding 
with whom and where the Jane Does engaged in sexual activities are immaterial and impertinent 
to this central claim (i.e., that they were known victims of Mr. Epstein and the Government owed 
them CVRA duties), especially considering that these details involve non-parties who are not 
related to the respondent Government. These unnecessary details shall be stricken. 
The original Rule 21 Motion (DE 279) shall be stricken in its entirety, as it is wholly 
superseded by the "corrected" version of the Rule 21 Motion (DE 280). From the corrected Rule 
Motion, the Court shall strike all factual details regarding Jane Doe 3 between the following 
sentences: "The Government then concealed from Jane Doe #3 the existence of its NPA from 
Jane Doe 4's proffer is limited to sexual acts between Mr. Epstein and herself. ( 
DE 
280 at 7-8). 
EFTA00590269
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 6 of 10 
Jane Doe #3, in violation of her rights under the CVRA" (id. at 3); and "The Government was 
well aware of Jane Doe #3 when it was negotiating the NPA, as it listed her as a victim in the 
attachment to the NPA" (iij at 6). As none of Jane Doe 4's factual details relate to non-parties, 
the Court finds it unnecessary to strike the portion of the Rule 21 Motion related to her 
circumstances. Regarding the Declaration in support of Petitioners' response to Mr. 
Dershowitz's motion to intervene (DE 291-1), the Court shall strike paragraphs 4, 5, 7, 11, 13, 
15, 19 through 53, and 59, as they contain impertinent details regarding non-parties. Regarding 
the Declaration of Jane Doe 3 in support of the Rule 21 Motion (DE 310-1), the Court shall strike 
paragraphs 7 through 12, 16, 39, and 49, as they contain impertinent details regarding non-
parties. Jane Doe 3 is free to reassert these factual details through proper evidentiary proof, 
should Petitioners demonstrate a good faith basis for believing that such details are pertinent to a 
matter presented for the Court's consideration. 
As mentioned, Mr. Dershowitz moves to intervene "for the limited purposes of moving to 
strike the outrageous and impertinent allegations made against him and requesting a show cause 
order to the attorneys that have made them." (DE 282 at 1). As the Court has taken it upon itself 
to strike the impertinent factual details from the Rule 21 Motion and related filings, the Court 
concludes that Mr. Derschowitz's intervention in this case is unnecessary. Accordingly, his 
motion to intervene will be denied as moot.3 Regarding whether a show cause order should 
This also moots Mr. Dershowitz's Motion for Leave to File Supplemental Reply in 
Support of Motion for Limited Intervention. (DE 317). Denying Mr. Dershowitz's motion to 
intervene also renders moot Petitioners' motion (DE 292) to file a sealed document supporting its 
response to Mr. Dershowitz's motion. It will accordingly be denied as moot, and DE 293 (the 
sealed response) will be stricken from the record. 
EFTA00590270
--- PAGE 24 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 7 of 10 
issue, the Court finds that its action of striking the lurid details from Petitioners' submissions is 
sanction enough. However, the Court cautions that all counsel are subject to Rule 11's mandate 
that all submissions be presented for a proper purpose and factual contentions have evidentiary 
support, Fed. R. Civ. P. 11(b)(1) and (3), and that the Court may, on its own, strike from any 
pleading "any redundant, immaterial, impertinent, or scandalous matter," Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(f). 
B. 
Rule 15 Motion 
Between their two motions (the Rule 21 Motion and Rule 15 Motion), Jane Doe 3 and 
Jane Doe 4 assert that "they desire to join in this action to vindicate their rights [under the 
CVRAJ as well." (DE 280 at 1). Although Petitioners already seek the invalidation of Mr. 
Epstein's non-prosecution agreement on behalf of all "other similarly-situated victims" (DE 189 
at 1; DE 311 at 2, 12, 15, 18-19), Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 argue that they should be fellow 
travelers in this pursuit, lest they "be forced to file a separate suit raising their claims" resulting 
in "duplicative litigation" (DE 280 at 11). The Court finds that justice does not require adding 
new parties this late in the proceedings who will raise claims that are admittedly "duplicative" of 
the claims already presented by Petitioners. 
The Does' submissions demonstrate that it is entirely unnecessary for Jane Doe 3 and 
Jane Doe 4 to proceed as parties in this action, rather than as fact witnesses available to offer 
relevant, admissible, and non-cumulative testimony. (See, e.g., DE 280 at 2 (Jane Doe 3 and 
Jane Doe 4 "are in many respects similarly situated to the current victims"), 9 ("The new victims 
will establish at trial that the Government violated their CVRA rights in the same way as it 
violated the rights of the other victims."), 10 (Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 "will simply join in 
motions that the current victims were going to file in any event."), 11 (litigating Jane Doe 3 and 
EFTA00590271
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 8 of 10 
Jane Doe 4's claims would be "duplicative"); DE 298 at 1 n.1 ("As promised ... Jane Doe No. 3 
and Jane Doe No. 4 do not seek to expand the number of pleadings filed in this case. If allowed 
to join this action, they would simply support the pleadings already being filed by Jane Doe No. 1 
and Jane Doe No. 2."); DE 311 at 5 n.3 ("[A]ll four victims (represented by the same legal 
counsel) intend to coordinate efforts and avoid duplicative pleadings."), 15 (Jane Doe 3 and Jane 
Doe 4 "challenge the same secret agreement 
i.e., the NPA that the Government executed with 
Epstein and then concealed from the victims. This is made clear by the proposed amendment 
itself, in which all four victims simply allege the same general facts.")). As the Does argue at 
length in their Rule 15 Motion, Jane Doe l's original petition "specifically allege[s] that the 
Government was violating not only her rights but the rights of other similarly-situated victims." 
(DE 311 at 2). The Court fails to see why the addition of "other similarly-situated victims" is 
now necessary to "vindicate their rights as well." (DE 280 at 1). 
Of course, Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 can participate in this litigated effort to vindicate 
the rights of similarly situated victims there is no requirement that the evidentiary proof 
submitted in this case come only from the named parties. Petitioners point out as much, noting 
that, regardless of whether this Court grants the Rule 15 Motion, "they will call Jane Doe No. 3 
as a witness at any trial." (DE 311 at 17 n.7). The necessary "participation" of Jane Doe 3 and 
Jane Doe 4 in this case can be satisfied by offering their properly supported and relevant, 
admissible, and non-cumulative testimony as needed, whether through testimony at trial 
see DE 280 at 9) or affidavits submitted to support the relevancy of discovery requests' (see 
The non-party lane Does clearly understand how to submit affidavits. See DEs 291-1, 
310-1). 
EFTA00590272
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 9 of 10 
id. at 10). Petitioners do not contend that Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4's "participation in this 
case" can only be achieved by listing them as parties. 
As it stands under the original petition, the merits of this case will be decided based on a 
determination of whether the Government violated the rights of Jane Doe 1, Jane Doe 2, and all 
"other similarly situated victims" under the CVRA. Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 may offer 
relevant admissible, and non-cumulative evidence that advances that determination, but their 
participation as listed parties is not necessary in that regard. See Herring, 894 F.2d at 1024 
(District court did not abuse its discretion by denying amendment where "addition of more 
plaintiffs . . . would not have affected the issues underlying the grant of summary judgment."); cf. 
Arthur v. Stem, 2008 WL 2620116, at *7 (S.D. Tex. 2008) (Under Rule 15, "courts have held 
that leave to amend to assert a claim already at issue in [another lawsuit] should not be granted if 
the same parties are involved, the same substantive claim is raised, and the same relief is 
sought.").5 And, as to Jane Doe 4 at least, adding her as a party raises unnecessary questions 
about whether she is a proper party to this action.' 
Petitioners also admit that amending the petition to conform to the evidence by 
including references to the non-prosecution agreement itself is "unnecessary" as the "existing 
petition is broad enough to cover the developing evidence in this case." (DE 311). The Court 
The Court expresses no opinion at this time whether any of the attestations made by 
Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 in support of their motion will be relevant, admissible, and non-
cumulative.
The Govemment contends that Jane Doe 4 is not a true "victim" in this case because 
she was not known at the time the Government negotiated the non-prosecution agreement, and 
accordingly she was not entitled to notification rights under the CVRA. (See DE 290 at 10). 
Any "duplicative" litigation filed by Jane Doe 4 would necessarily raise the issue of whether she 
has standing under the CVRA under these circumstances. 
EFTA00590273
--- PAGE 27 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 324 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 10 of 10 
agrees, and it concludes that justice does not require amending the petition this late in the 
proceedings. 
III. Conclusion 
Accordingly, it is hereby ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: the Rule 21 Motion 
(DE 280) is DENIED; the Rule 15 Motion (DE 311) is DENIED; Intervenor Dershowitz's 
Motion for Limited Intervention (DE 282) and Motion for Leave to File Supplemental Reply in 
Support of Motion for Limited Intervention (DE 317) are DENIED AS MOOT; Petitioners' 
Motion to Seal (DE 292) is DENIED AS MOOT; the following materials are hereby 
STRICKEN from the record: 
DE 279, in its entirety. 
DE 280, all sentences between the following sentences: 
"The Government then concealed from Jane Doe #3 the 
existence of its NPA from Jane Doe #3, in violation of her 
rights under the CVRA" (DE 280 at 3); and "The 
Government was well aware of Jane Doe #3 when it was 
negotiating the NPA, as it listed her as a victim in the 
attachment to the NPA" (DE 280 at 6). 
DE 291-1, paragraphs 4, 5, 7, 11, 13, 15, 19 through 53, 
and 59. 
DE 310-1, paragraphs 7 through 12, 16, 39, and 49. 
DE 293, in its entirety. 
DONE AND ORDERED in chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 6ih day of April, 2015. 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Judge 
EFTA00590274
--- PAGE 28 ---
EXHIBIT B 
EFTA00590275
--- PAGE 29 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 325 Entered on FLSD Docket 04/07/2015 Page 1 of 1 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.:08-CV-80736-ICAM 
JANE DOE 1 and JANE DOE 2, 
Petitioners, 
vs. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Respondent. 
SUPPLEMENTAL ORDER 
This cause is before the Court on its Order Denying Petitioners' Motion to Join Under 
Rule 21 and Motion to Amend Under Rule 15. (DE 324). In accordance with the portion of that 
Order striking materials from the record 
id. at 10), the Court informs the parties of the 
following: The affected docket entries (DEs 279, 280, 291-1, 293, and 310-1) shall be restricted 
from public access on the docket in their entities. Docket entries 279 and 293, which were 
stricken in their entirety, shall remain so restricted. Regarding the docket entries of which 
portions were stricken (DEs 280, 291-1, and 310-1), Petitioners may re-file those documents 
omitting the stricken portions. The re-filed documents must conform to the originally filed 
documents in all respects, but with the stricken portions omitted. 
DONE AND ORDERED in chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 7i' day of April, 2015. 
/e
r n 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Court 
EFTA00590276
--- PAGE 30 ---
EXHIBIT C 
EFTA00590277
--- PAGE 31 ---
Boies Takes on Dershowitz in Sex Case I The American Lawyer 
AMERICAN LAWYER 
NOT FOR REPRINT 
e Click to Print or Select 'Print' in your browser menu to print this document. 
Page printed from: The American Lawyer 
Boies Takes on Dershowitz in Sex Case 
Vivia Chen, The Careerist 
April 23, 2015 
I've been worried that the Alan Dershowitz Show is coming to a dose. After writing a bunch of 
posts about the allegations that Dershowitz had sex with an underage girl I fear the story is 
getting stale. I mean, how many times can you invoke the image of the septuagenarian Harvard 
law professor romping naked on some private island? (In March, the judge threw out those 
"lurid" sex charges against Dershowitz.) 
Thank goodness a striking new character has emerged to give the story a second wind. And a 
bold face name to boot: David Boies, reports Reuters. 
Boies and his firm are representing 
(also known as Jane Doe 3), who alleges 
that Dershowitz, Prince Andrew and other luminaries had sex with her when sail 
teenager at the behest of billionaire Jeffrey Epstein, a convicted sex offender. 
is also 
being represented by Brad Edwards and Paul Cassell—see interview with Cassell—whom 
Dershowitz has countersued for defamation.) 
According to a statement by Boies, Schiller & Flexner, the firm is representing 
on a pro 
bono basis: 
The firm's pro bono program focuses on meaningful cases including trying to assist women 
and
 who are the victims of abuse. Boies Schiller & Flexner LLP took on Ms. 
' representation because she was a victim of abuse when she was a minor child. 
While Dershowitz has been less than flattering about Edwards and Cassell. Robert's other 
lawyers he's had cordial relations with Boies. "I wrote him a nice congratulatory note when he 
did the case of gay rights," says Dershowitz. 
That was back then. Now, the two legal giants are locking horns. Beside the soured personal 
relationship, Dershowitz makes a much more serious charge: Boies Schiller has a conflicts 
problem. According to Dershowitz, Boies Schiller partner Caclaaes in Florida had 
volunteered to represent him in his defamation suit against Mi. 
After delivering a 
confidential Si 
Sires about the matter, Dershowitz said he learned that the firm already 
represented 
"I wrote to Sires that you are such a mensch, and I'm si
te in the middle of all this," says 
Dershowitz. "But your firm can't continue to represent 
because you've all read my 
httplAssvw.amer icariawyer.compr interfrierdlytth 1202724435959 
1/2 
EFTA00590278
--- PAGE 32 ---
Boies Takes on Dershowitz in Sex Case I The American Lawyer 
material." 
Dershowitz says he asked Boies Schiller to recuse itself: "They answered no." He says, "They 
are arrogant; they think they're above the law." He adds, "they have a long sordid history with 
conflicts," citing the firm's most recent sanction in Boies Schiller & Flexner v. Host Hotels & 
Resorts, in which the Second Circuit noted that the firm "willfully refused to recognize the 
obvious conflict" in taking on a client. (Boies Schiller has not responded to our questions.) 
Meanwhile, Dershowitz seems a bit offended that Boies is ignoring him. "I'm willing to talk to 
him, but he won't talk to me." 
So will the legal drama/soap opera keep on going? Oh, yeah, says Dershowitz. "There's more 
coming." 
vchen@alm.com 
Copyright 2015. ALM Media Properties, LLC. All rights reserved. 
http://www.amer icanlawyer.comiprinterfrierdlytth 1202724439959 
2/2 
EFTA00590279
--- PAGE 33 ---
EXHIBIT D 
EFTA00590280
--- PAGE 34 ---
PROCEEDINGS 
EDWARDS vs. DERSHOWITZ 
April 10, 2015 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE SEVENTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR 
BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and PAUL G. CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs, 
vs. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant. 
CASE No.: 
CACE 15-000072 
PROCEEDINGS BEFORE THE 
HONORABLE JUDGE THOMAS M. LYNCH, IV 
Friday, April 10, 2015 
9:05 - 9:55 o'clock a.m. 
Broward County Courthouse 
201 Southeast 6th Street 
Room 950 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
JERROLD Wm. SEGAL, Court Reporter 
C) 
ESQUIRE 
800.211.DEPO (3376) 
EsquireSolutions.com 
EFTA00590281
--- PAGE 35 ---
PROCEEDINGS 
EDWARDS vs. DERSHOWITZ 
APPEARANCES OF COUNSEL 
On behalf of the Plaintiff: 
JACK SCAROLA, ESQ. 
SEARCY, DENNY, SCAROLA, BARNHART & SHIPLEY, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
On behalf of the Defendant: 
THOMAS E. SCOTT, ESQ. 
STEVEN R. SAFRA, ESQ. (via speakerphone) 
of the Law Offices of 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Dadeland Centre II 
Suite 1400 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard 
Miami Florida 33156 
Fax 
Co-counsel: Defense 
MARY E. BORJA, ESQ. 
of the Law Offices of 
WILEY REIN, LLP 
1776 K STREET NW 
Washin ton DC 20006 
April 10, 2015 
ESQUIRE 
SOL uT IONS 
800.211.DEPO (3376) 
EsquireSolutions. corn 
EFTA00590282
--- PAGE 36 ---
PROCEEDINGS 
EDWARDS vs. DERSHOWITZ 
April 10, 2015 
just shows you that it's the right thing to do in 
this case, to have Mr. Cassell and to have the 
accuser, his client, Jane Doe 3, be deposed before 
my client, Mr. Dershowitz, is deposed. Thank you, 
Your Honor. 
THE COURT: Thank you, very much, counsel. 
MR. SCAROLA: Your Honor, let me begin first by 
acknowledging that the Court has discretion to order 
discovery. 
MR. SCAROLA: There is no question about the 
fact that whatever ruling Your Honor were to decide 
was appropriate with regard to the ordering of the 
discovery is not going to be disturbed except under 
extraordinary circumstances, by any appellate court 
and I would assure Your Honor, that that's not a 
matter that we would consider subject to an appeal. 
There are very good reasons why the order of 
discovery here should be the order in which the 
discovery has been noticed. Although Mr. Scott has 
repeatedly paraphrased Rule 1.1.310 as prohibiting 
the noticing of a deposition within thirty days of 
the service of a Complaint, that's simply not what 
the rule says. I will quote directly. "Leave of 
Court granted with or without notice, must be 
obtained only if the Plaintiff seeks to take a 
OESQUIRE 
800.211.DEPO (3376) 
EsquireSolutions.com 
EFTA00590283
--- PAGE 37 ---
PROCEEDINGS 
EDWARDS vs. DERSHOWITZ 
April 10, 2015 
deposition within thirty days after service of the 
process." 
So Your Honora, a deposition cannot be taken 
within thirty days. A deposition may be noticed 
prior to thirty days, but it may not be taken under 
the terms of the rules, within thirty days, Your 
Honor. Service was obtained by consent on January 
7. The earliest, under the rule, that we would have 
been able to take Professor Dershowitz's deposition 
would have been February 6. 
We sent a Notice of Deposition to depose Mr. 
Dershowitz well outside the thirty day period of 
time, on February 25, and accompanying that notice 
was a letter. And that letter is, in fact, attached 
to the pleadings that Your Honor has already seen. 
And what that letter said was, "If this date is 
not convenient, we are willing to move it to a more 
convenient time. We move it up or we'll move it 
back." And in light of Mr. Dershowitz's repeated 
public proclamations that he's extremely anxious to 
be able to be deposed to be able to vindicate 
himself, we will do it as early as you want to do 
it." 
Now, during this period of time Mr. Dershowitz 
was taking every opportunity that he possibly could 
OESQUIRE 
800.211.DEPO (3376) 
EsquireSolutions.com 
EFTA00590284
--- PAGE 38 ---
PROCEEDINGS 
EDWARDS vs. DERSHOWITZ 
April 10, 2015 
to appear before every audience that would have him, 
Your Honor, to defame Mr. Bradley Edwards and Mr. 
Paul Cassell. And I want to be sure than Your Honor 
is really focused on what this defamation case is 
really all about. 
This defamation case is about two lawyers who 
are working, pro bono, to vindicate the rights of 
more than forty women who were sexually abused and 
trafficked by Mr, Jeffrey Epstein over an extended 
period of time. And Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, through 
the work of Alan Dershowitz, had obtained an 
extraordinary agreement from the federal government. 
That extraordinary agreement said, that, "If you 
plead guilty to one state court claim and serve, 
basically, one year on house arrest, we will grant 
you immunity from any federal prosecution and we 
will grant all of your co-conspirators immunity from 
any federal prosecution, as well." 
Your Honor, that deal, if entered into, without 
the consultation nor with an opportunity to be heard 
by any of the victims of Jeffrey Epstein, in spite 
of federal law provisions that expressly state that 
those victims must be consulted and they must have 
an opportunity to inform the Court as to their own 
position with regard to a plea bargain. 
°ESQUIRE 
800.211.DEPO (3376) 
EsquireSolutions.com 
EFTA00590285

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590286.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 27349731 E-Filed 05/15/2015 01:43:57 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and 
PAUL G. CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs / Counterclaim Defendants, 
v. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant / Counterclaim Plaintiff. 
DEFENDANT / COUNTERCLAIM PLAINTIFF ALAN DERSHOWITZ'S 
SUPPLEMENTAL MEMORANDUM IN SUPPORT OF HIS POSITION THAT JANE 
DOE NO. 3 MUST BE DEPOSED AND PRODUCE DOCUMENTS BEFORE HE IS 
DEPOSED OR REOUIRED TO PRODUCE REBUTTAL DOCUMENTS 
AS A MATTER OF DUE PROCESS AND FUNDAMENTAL FAIRNESS 
Defendant / Counterclaim Plaintiff Alan Dershowitz ("Dershowitz") respectfully submits 
this Supplemental Memorandum in support of his position that Jane Doe No. 3 must be deposed 
and produce documents before he is required to be deposed or to produce rebuttal documents, as 
a matter of fundamental fairness and due process.' This issue will be heard by the Court at the 
hearing set for June 5, 2015, pursuant to the Court's order of April 15, 2015 requiring additional 
argument regarding the timing and scope of discovery from Dershowitz. Jane Doe No. 3's 
motion to quash the deposition and document subpoena served on her is set for May 22, 2015, so 
As set forth in Dershowitz's memoranda in opposition to the motions to quash filed by non-
parties Jane Doe No. 3 and Boies Schiller & Flexner, LLP, Jane Doe No. 3 has no right to 
proceed anonymously as she has been identified publicly on several occasions and has made 
public statements to the media using her own name. Nonetheless, Dershowitz will refer to her 
"Jane Doe No. 3" until the Court orders otherwise. 
EFTA00590286
--- PAGE 2 ---
the Court will have decided whether (and to what extent) Jane Doe No. 3 must participate in 
discovery in this action before the June 5 hearing. 
The issue of who should go first in discovery, Jane Doe No. 3 or Dershowitz, is as clear-
cut as any issue can be. Dershowitz has compelling reasons why Jane Doe No. 3 should go first 
and will suffer immense prejudice if that order is not followed. By contrast, there is no 
legitimate reason why Dershowitz should go first, and Jane Doe No. 3 will suffer no prejudice if 
she is required to testify and produce documents first. 
Plaintiffs Bradley J. Edwards and Paul G. Cassell (together, "Plaintiffs") allege in this 
case that Dershowitz defamed them by saying that Plaintiffs knew that Jane Doe No. 3's 
allegations about Dershowitz are false, or would have known they are false if they had done an 
adequate investigation. Plaintiffs specifically allege in their complaint that Jane Doe No. 3's 
allegations were "well-founded." Although Jane Doe No. 3 is not a party to this case, she is, at 
bottom, the accuser making allegations of criminal misconduct, which Plaintiffs contend are true 
and which Dershowitz contends are complete fabrications. Thus, Plaintiffs have put the truth or 
falsity of Jane Doe No. 3's allegations at the very core of this defamation case. 
Jane Doe No. 3 has publicly accused Dershowitz of the type of heinous and felonious 
conduct that, if proven true, can and should result in the perpetrator going to jail (and being 
disbarred, if the perpetrator is a lawyer). Dershowitz categorically denies those allegations and 
maintains that they are a complete fabrication by Jane Doe No. 3, who he contends asserted them 
in an effort to generate publicity for herself and her lawyers. 
of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida has 
already held that Jane Doe No. 3's allegations against Dershowitz should never have been 
included in the federal court filings in which they were made. 
chastised the lawyers 
EFTA00590287
--- PAGE 3 ---
who filed those pleadings (i.e., Plaintiffs) and ordered the allegations to be stricken from the 
record as a sanction. Before Jane Doe No. 3 made her allegations in the pleadings 
held should never have been filed, Dershowitz had enjoyed an unblemished reputation as a legal 
scholar and lawyer for 50 years. There is no excuse for what Jane Doe No. 3 and her lawyers did 
in filing those improper pleadings. 
In our system of justice, the accuser must — as a matter of due process and fairness — 
provide specifics of her allegations before the accused is called upon to answer the charges. That 
is how it works in the federal criminal system. See U.S. CONST. amend. VI ("the accused shall 
enjoy the right . . . to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation"); Fed. R. Crim. P. 
7(f) (providing a mechanism for criminal defendants to obtain additional details about the nature 
of the allegations against them). That is also how it works in the Florida criminal system. See 
FLA. CONST. art. I, § 16 (establishing an accused's right to "be informed of the nature and cause 
of the accusation"); Fla. R. Crim. P. 3.140(n) (a criminal defendant can seek a "statement of 
particulars" to "enable the defendant to prepare a defense"). Indeed, that is how it generally 
works in civil litigation, even where no criminal conduct is alleged. The plaintiff makes her 
allegations, and the defendant has procedures to obtain additional details regarding the nature of 
those allegations before he must respond. See Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(e) ("A party may move for a 
more definite statement of a pleading to which a responsive pleading is allowed but which is so 
vague or ambiguous that the party cannot reasonably prepare a response."); Fla. R. Civ. P. 
1.140(e) ("If a pleading to which a responsive pleading is permitted is so vague or ambiguous 
that a party cannot reasonably be required to frame a responsive pleading, that party may move 
for a more definite statement before interposing a responsive pleading."). 
EFTA00590288
--- PAGE 4 ---
If Dershowitz had been criminally charged with the acts alleged by Jane Doe No. 3, he 
would have a fundamental right under both the U.S. Constitution and the Florida Constitution to 
know when and where the alleged criminal acts took place before being called upon to respond. 
The same is true in this civil case in which the allegations of criminal conduct are directly at 
issue, as framed by Plaintiffs' own complaint 
Requiring Dershowitz to go first would not only violate fundamental due process 
requirements but would also create a substantial and entirely unnecessary risk of perjury. Jane 
Doe No. 3 has alleged that Dershowitz had sex with her in certain locations. She has not, 
however, specified when the alleged acts took place at any of those locations. Dershowitz 
travels extensively and keeps detailed records of his activities. If he is required to produce 
records showing every time he was in one of the locations that Jane Doe No. 3 has specified 
during the entire four-year period when Jane Doe No. 3 allegedly was a "sex slave" for Jeffrey 
Epstein before Jane Doe No. 3 is deposed, Jane Doe No. 3 could tailor her testimony to fit with 
Dershowitz's whereabouts. For example, if Dershowitz were to produce records and testify that 
he was in Palm Beach on certain dates during the four-year period, Jane Doe No. 3 could "recall" 
that Dershowitz had sex with her at Epstein's Palm Beach residence during the same time period. 
It is possible, of course, that Jane Doe No. 3 will claim to have no recollection of the 
dates or even the months or years in which the alleged acts took place, notwithstanding that she 
has provided precise details in other respects about the alleged acts. Such testimony would go 
directly to the credibility of her allegations. If she, in fact, does not remember the dates or even 
approximate dates, she should be required to so swear before she and her lawyers have access to 
Dershowitz's timeline. If her recollection "improves" when she sees Dershowitz's timeline, she 
EFTA00590289
--- PAGE 5 ---
could be impeached with her prior testimony. But if Dershowitz goes first, there will be no such 
check on her ability to give false testimony. 
One need not presume that Jane Doe No. 3 will commit perjury to recognize that 
fundamental fairness requires her to testify and produce her documents first. Jane Doe No. 3 
does not need any information from Dershowitz to testify truthfully. If she is telling the truth, 
she need only testify as to her best recollection of what happened, where, and when. The point is 
that there is a risk that Jane Doe No. 3's accusations could be bolstered by perjurious testimony 
if Jane Doe No. 3 had the opportunity to adjust her testimony to fit Dershowitz's records. Due 
process requires avoiding that risk, especially where there is no prejudice to her in doing so. 
There is no corresponding risk that Dershowitz could alter his evidence to fit Jane Doe 
No. 3's testimony. Dershowitz has been collecting all available records of his travel and 
whereabouts. Travel receipts and similar documents show what they show. If Dershowitz was 
in Palm Beach or any other location when Jane Doe No 3 alleges he had sex with her as a minor, 
the documents will show that to be the case. It is impossible for Dershowitz to change the 
records to fit Jane Doe No. 3's testimony. 
Dershowitz (and the Court) also need Jane Doe No. 3's testimony — a bill of particulars, 
so to speak — in order to determine what records are properly within the scope of discovery. It 
would be grossly unfair and burdensome to require Dershowitz to produce all of his records 
regarding all of his activities during a four-year period when most of that personal and 
confidential information is irrelevant. Jane Doe No 3's specifications regarding her allegations 
will define the scope of relevance. For example, if Jane Doe No. 3 testifies that she had sex with 
Dershowitz at Epstein's private island in the Caribbean on a particular day or in a particular 
month or year, Dershowitz can reasonably be required to produce documents regarding when 
EFTA00590290
--- PAGE 6 ---
during that time period he was or was not on the island. But Dershowitz cannot reasonably be 
required to produce all records of his whereabouts at all times during the four-year period 
because Jane Doe No. 3 has not, to the best of her ability, provided the specifics regarding when 
and where. 
Here again, Jane Doe No. 3, unlike Dershowitz, faces no added burden in determining 
what documents and other evidence are relevant if she goes first. If she is telling the truth, she 
knows when and where the alleged acts took place. She does not need any discovery from 
Dershowitz to testify truthfully about what happened and where and when it happened, to the 
best of her recollection. 
The principles at issue here are ancient and fundamental. As noted above, it is a bedrock 
principle of due process under both Florida and federal law that the accuser must provide 
specific allegations before the defendant is called to answer. Florida, like most jurisdictions, also 
has a rule calling for the exclusion of witnesses at trial to prevent witnesses from tailoring their 
testimony to match that of other witnesses. 
See Fla. Stat. Ann. § 90.616 (outlining the 
circumstances in which a witness may be excluded from a court proceeding). This concept 
actually dates back to Biblical times. The Book of Daniel relates the story of Susanna and the 
Elders, in which Susanna was falsely accused of a sexual crime by two elders. See Daniel 13:1-
(New Jerusalem). Daniel demanded that each of the accusers be questioned separately and 
not be told the details of the other accuser's account, to prevent the elders from conforming their 
testimony to one another's story. The inconsistencies in the two elders' respective stories 
established the falsity of their accusations against Susanna, whose life was saved as result. 
Jane Doe No. 3 must be required to be deposed and to present the specifics of her 
allegations before Dershowitz is deposed or is required to produce rebuttal evidence of his 
EFTA00590291
--- PAGE 7 ---
whereabouts. Holding otherwise would be not only an abuse of discretion, but also a violation of 
Dershowitz's constitutional due process rights under Florida and federal law. There is no harm 
or prejudice to Jane Doe No. 3 (or to the Plaintiffs, who wrongfully put her now stricken 
allegations on the public record) if she is required to go first. In contrast, Dershowitz faces 
enormous and irreparable prejudice if he must go first. There are no competing interests to 
balance. 
Fairness and due process require that Jane Doe No. 3 testify and produce her 
information before Dershowitz is deposed or is required to produce rebuttal documents. 
EFTA00590292
--- PAGE 8 ---
Dated: May 15, 2015 
Respectfully Submitted, 
s/ Thomas E. Scott 
Thomas E. Scott 
Florida Bar No. 
Steven R. Safra 
Florida Bar No. 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, 
Dadeland Centre II, 14th Floor 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33156 
Phone: (305) 350-5300 
Fax: (305) 373-2294 
Richard A. Simpson 
admitted
/Icel 
Mary E. Borja 
admitted ro hac vice 
Ashley E. Eiler 
admitte
ice) 
WILEY REIN LLP 
1776 K Street NW 
Washington, DC 20006 
Phone: (202) 719-7000 
Fax: (202) 719-7049 
Counsel for Alan M. Dershowitz 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-
mail on May 15, 2015 to: Jack Scarola, Esquire, Searcy Denny et al 
and 
EFTA00590293
--- PAGE 9 ---
counsel for Plaintiffs, and to Sigrid McCawley, Esquire, Boies Schiller & 
Flexner, counsel for Jane Doe No. 3, at 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, 
Attorneys for Defendant 
9150 S. Dadeland Blvd. 
Suite 1400 
Miami. Florida 33156 
Phone: (305) 350-5300 
Fax: (305) 373-2294 
By: 
s/ Thomas E. Scott 
THOMAS E. SCOTT 
FBN: 
STEVEN R. SAFRA 
FBN: 
EFTA00590294

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590295.pdf
----------------------------------------
Liston Network Systems 
Bill To 
Southertarust Co. 
Invoice 
Date 
Invoice # 
1.4.,10)5 
Ship To 
Southern Trust Co. 
P.O. Number 
Terms 
Due Date 
F.O.B. 
Vendor Code 
Net 15 
2/19/2015 
Quantity 
Item Code 
Description 
Price Each 
Amount 
100 CB720-284 
SHIPMENT 
ACER, Chromebook C720-2844 Celeron 2955U 1.4012 
/ 4GB/ 16GBSSD/abgn/BT/WC/ 3C/11.6"HD/ 
ChromeOS (Required Coosle Apps Only) 
USPS-PRIORITY Mail SHIPPING & HANDLING 
FEES 
399.50 
2,671.00 
950.00 
2,671.00 
!'I 
:emit to above address. 
Total 
542,621.00 
Payments/Credits 
$0.00 
Balance Due 
542,621.00 
EFTA00590295

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590296.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590296.pdf
----------------------------------------
STEVE D. ROADRUCK 
PRESIDENT 
Email: 
2/5/15 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
R-25-15 
Oren Narunsky 
ROADRUCK INVESTIGATIONS, INC. 
3550 Biscayne Blvd 
Suite 400 
Wanda"... 
INVOICE 
12/15/14 
Due Diligence Search. 
Total Amount Due: 
$150.00 
Steve Roadruck 
President 
FEIN: 59-2818781 
TELEPHONE 
FAX 
EFTA00590296

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590297.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590297.pdf
----------------------------------------
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
- OREN NARUNSKY - Comprehensive Report 
Important: 
Data is entered poorly, processed incorrectly and generally not free from defect. Any data supplied by this system must be 
independently verified. 
This is NOT a CONSUMER REPORT and does not constitute a "consumer report" under the Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA"). This 
report may not be used to determine the eligibility for credit, insurance, employment or any other purpose regulated under the 
FCRA. 
This system may be used only in accordance with your Subscriber Agreement, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ("GLBA"), the Drivers 
Privacy Protection Act ("DPPA") and all other applicable laws. User agrees to having knowledge of all applicable laws pertaining to 
the usage of data. User accepts all responsibility civilly and criminally for any use of this system. 
Violations of these restrictions or misuse of this system will cause your access to be terminated and will cause an immediate 
investigation. 
Comprehensive Report 
Comprehensive Report 
Date: 02/05:2015 
Reference ID: IMM 
Subject Information 
Other Names Associated with Subject 
Indicators 
Bankruptcies: No 
(Best Information for Subject) 
OREN NARUNSKIY(1112612007) 
Liens: No 
Judgments: No 
Name: OREN NARUNSKY (12101/2004 to 
Other DOBs Associated with Subject 
Corporate Affiliations: No 
10)0612014) 
None found 
Criminal,Traffic: No 
Date of Birth: 
Born' years 
Global Watch Lists Match: No 
ago 
Other Possible Phones Associated with 
Subject: 
Email Addresses Associated with 
SSN: 
issued in CALIFORNIA 
(El) (Mobile) (99%) 
(El) (ActiveLandLine) (99%) 
Subject 
between 1 
-1 
(El) (LandLine) (41%) 
Other Individuals Observed with shared SSN: No 
ne 
Potential Subject Photos (None Found) 
Comprehensive Report Summary 
Bankruptcies: None found 
Possible Phones: 6 found 
Drivers License: 2 found 
Page 1 of 7 02/0512015 
EFTA00590297
--- PAGE 2 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
- OREN NARUNSKY - Comprehensive Report 
Addressfes) found: 4 found 
Motor Vehicles Registered: 2 found 
Criminal History: None found 
Possible Criminal Records (None Found) 
Possible Employers (None Found) 
Address Summary (4 Found) 
Address Details (4 Found) 
[ Back to Summary ) 
( Back to Summary ) 
Subdivision Name: 
Current Private Phone 
Owners: 
YVONNE E GUERRA 
IVARIONEX GUERRA 
Purchase Date: 07/15:2013 
Purchase Price: $225,000 
Assessed Value: 5139,662 
Living Square Feet: 1,658 
Land Square Feel: 5,837 
[ Back to Summary 
Current Pnvate Phone 
Current Private Phone at address 
El) ZANETTE, EDMILSON 
Owners: 
JOHN MARAFIOTI 
SILVANA MARAFIOTI 
Assessed Value: 51,274 
Living Square Feet: 3,132 
Land Square Feel: 8,505 
Address contains: 8 apartments 
I Current Private Phone 
Current Private Phones at address 
ET) • HOLLAND, NATHAN 
NOT PUBLISHED MACHADO, KNUTH MARGOT 
Counties History (3 Found) 
[ Back to Summary I 
Page 2 of 7 02105/2015 
EFTA00590298
--- PAGE 3 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
- OREN NARUNSKY - Comprehensive Report 
PALM BEACH, 
(09/2013 to 10/06/2014) 
NASSAU, NY (09/2004 to 09/2013) 
KINGS, NY (08/01/2005 to 12/2007) 
Driver's License Information (2 Found) 
OREN NARUNSKY 
DL Number: 
License Type: CLASS E 
Original Issue Date: 
Issue Date: 
Expiration Date: 
Out Of State 
Date of Birth: 
Gender 
Race: 
Height: 
Attention Flag: ORGAN DONOR 
Privacy Flag: T 
OREN NARUNSKY 
Issuing State: 
years ago 
DL Number: 
Issuing State: 
License Type: CLASS E 
Original Issue Date: 
Issue Date: 
Expiration Date: 
Out Of State 
Date of Birth: 
years ago 
Gender: Male 
Race: White 
Height:." 
Attention Flag: ORGAN DONOR 
Privacy Flag: T 
Professional Affiliations (None Found) 
Professional Licenses (1 Found) 
OREN NARUNSKY 
License Type. PILOT 
Additional Types: AIRPLANE SINGLE 8 MULTI ENGINE, INSTRUMENT AIRPLANE 
Job Functions: FLIGHT INSTRUCTOR 
Specialties: FLIGHT INSTRUCTOR-AIRPLANE SINGLE AND MULTI ENGINE. FLIGHT INSTRUCTOR-INSTRUMENT AIRPLANE 
Bankruptcy Records (None Found) 
Page 3 of 7 02/05/2015 
EFTA00590299
--- PAGE 4 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
- OREN NARUNSKY - Comprehensive Report 
Liens (None Found) 
Judgments (None Found) 
Property Foreclosures (None Found) 
Evictions (None Found) 
Current Vehicle Information (2 Found) 
Registered. 12.29 2013 to 
VIN 
Body Style: PICKUP -Vehicle Type: Truck 
Weight: 5042 lbs -Length: 229.5 - 239' 
Color: Grey 
Most Current Tag LE 
Valid from:
Most Current Owner/Registrant/Lien Information • 
Title Holders 
OREN NARUNSKY 
Title Number. 0113868073 
State Titled In. • 
Original Title Date: 
Title Transfer Date: 
Lien Holders 
BANK OF AMERICA 
Lessors 
None Found 
Title Holders 
OREN NARUNSKY 
Doors: 4 
MSRP: 637,670 
Plant: SILAO, MEXICO 
Restraint Type: DRIVER AND PASSENGER FRONT AIRBAGS, 
FRONT SIDE AIRBAGS, PASSENGER SENSING SYSTEM AND 
to 
FRONT AND REAR SIDE CURTAIN AIRBAGS WITH ROLLOVER 
SENSOR 
Gross Vehicle Weight Range: 6001.7000 
Gross Vehicle Weight Rating: 6900 
Height: 73.7 - 74.2 
Width: 80 
Wheel Base: 143.5. 153 
Wheel Dimensions: 17.0 X 8.0 
Max Payload: 1875 -1933 
Drive Type: 4X2 
Fuel:FLEX FUEL 26 Gallon 
Engine:5.3L V8 NATURALLY ASPIRATED 
Transmission: 6 Speed AUTOMATIC 
to 
Registrant 
OREN NARUNSKY 
Registered: 12/29/2013 to 
Addresses Registered to While owned by OREN NARUNSKY 
(12/29/2013 to 
Vehicle Tao History 
License Plate:. 
Valid from: (
Ito 
Previous License Plate: 
BBP9755 
License Plate: • 
BBP9755 Valid from: (12/29/2013 to 01/27/2014) 
Previous License Plate: 
BBP9755 
Page 4 of 7 02/05/2015 
EFTA00590300
--- PAGE 5 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
- OREN NARUNSKY - Comprehensive Report 
BEACH COUNTY) 
State Titled in 
Lien Holders 
None Found 
Lessors 
None Found 
Registered: 11/18/2013 to 08/15/2015 
Series: 2.0 PREMIUM - Model: XV CROSSTREK 
VIN. 
Body Style: WAGON 4 Door 5P -Vehicle Type: Truck 
Weight: 3087 lbs -Length: 175.2" 
Color: Grey 
Most Current Tag 4: 
08/15/2015) 
Valid from: (1111812013 to 
Doors: 4 
MSRP: $22,995 
Plant: GUNMA, JAPAN 
Restraint Type: DRIVER AND FRONT PASSENGER FRONT 
AIRBAGS WITH OCCUPANT SENSING DEACTIVATION, KNEE 
AIRBAGS, FRONT SIDE AIRBAGS AND FRONT AND REAR SIDE 
CURTAIN AIRBAGS. 
Height: 63.6 
Width: 78.2 
Wheel Base: 103.7 
Wheel Dimensions: 17.0 X 7.0 
Drive Type: AWD 
Fuel:GAS 15.9 Gallon 
Engine2.0L H-BLOCK4 NATURALLY ASPIRATED 
Transmission: CONTINUOUSLY VARIABLE 
Most Current Owner/Registrant/Lien Information • 11/18:2013 to 08,15:2015 
Registrant 
Title Holders 
OREN NARUNSKY 
OREN NARUNSKY 
Registered: 11/18/2013 to 08/15/2015 
DOB: 08/1977 
DOB: 08/1977 
Title Number: 0113392602 
State Titled In:. 
Original Title Date: 11t18/2013 
Title Transfer Date: 11118/2013 
Lien Holders 
JPMORGAN CHASE 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK N. A 
PO BOX 901098. FORT WORTH, TX 76101-2098 (TARRANT 
COUNTY) 
Lessors 
None Found 
Accidents (None Found) 
Addresses Realstered to While owned by OREN NARUNSKY 
(10/27/2014) 
(11/18/2013 to 08/19/2014) 
Vehicle Tea History 
License Plate: 
Previous License Plate: 
Valid from: (11/18/2013 to 08/15/2015) 
Page 5 of 7 02/05/2015 
EFTA00590301
--- PAGE 6 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
- OREN NARUNSKY - Comprehensive Report 
Global Watch Lists (None Found) 
US Business Affiliations (None Found) 
US Corporate Affiliations (None Found) 
Pilot Licenses (1 Found) 
Name: OREN NARUNSKY 
Address: M
a) 
Airman Unique Number. A4708569 
Certificate $: 01 
Certificate Type: Pilot 
Certificate Level: Airline Transport Pilot 
Fite Date: 01/02/2015 
Medical Class: First 
Medical Date: 05/2014 
Medical Expiration Date:05/2015 
Ratin0s
Airplane Multiengine Land: Airline Transport Pilot 
/ABEL: 
Voter Registrations (2 Found) 
Name. OREN NARUNSKY 
Address: WELLINGTON, 
Date 
DOB: 
Party: No Party Affiliation 
Gender. Male 
Name. OREN NARUNSKY 
Address: 
Date 
2007 
DOB: 
l I 
Party: emocrat 
Gender. Male 
33414 (Palm Beach COUNTY) 
Hunting Permits (None Found) 
Weapon Permits (None Found) 
Page 6 of 7 02/05/2015 
EFTA00590302
--- PAGE 7 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
- OREN NARUNSKY - Comprehensive Report 
Possible Relatives - Summary (None Found) 
Page 7 of 7 02105/2015 
EFTA00590303

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590304.pdf
----------------------------------------
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
- HERMAN J ORTIZ - Comprehensive Report 
Important: 
Data is entered poorly, processed incorrectly and generally not free from defect. Any data supplied by this system must be 
independently verified. 
This is NOT a CONSUMER REPORT and does not constitute a "consumer report" under the Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA"). This 
report may not be used to determine the eligibility for credit, insurance, employment or any other purpose regulated under the 
FCRA. 
This system may be used only in accordance with your Subscriber Agreement, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ("GLBA"), the Driver's 
Privacy Protection Act ("DPPA") and all other applicable laws. User agrees to having knowledge of all applicable laws pertaining to 
the usage of data. User accepts all responsibility civilly and criminally for any use of this system. 
Violations of these restrictions or misuse of this system will cause your access to be terminated and will cause an immediate 
investigation. 
Comprehensive Report 
Comprehensive Report 
Date: 12/15/2014 
Reference ID: ORTIZ 
Subject Information 
(Best Information for Subject) 
Name: HERMAN J ORTIZ 
Date of Birth: 
ago 
Born, years 
SN: 
issued in 
in 
Other Individuals Observed with shared SSN: No 
ne 
Other Names Associated with Subject 
None found 
Other DOBs Associated with Subject 
None found 
Other Possible Phones Associated with 
Sub act: 
Potential Subject Photos (None Found) 
Comprehensive Report Summary 
Bankruptcies: None found 
Possible Phones: 8 found 
(LandLine) (100%) 
(LandLine) (100%) 
(LandLine) (99%) 
MD (Mobile) (99%) 
MD (Mobile) (82%) 
MD (Mobile) (77%) 
MD (47%) 
MD (39%) 
Indicators 
Bankruptcies: No 
Liens: No 
Judgments: Yes 
Corporate Affiliations: No 
Criminal 
affic: Yes 
Global Watch Lists Match: No 
Email Addresses Associated with 
Subject 
Paget of 7 12/15/2014 
EFTA00590304
--- PAGE 2 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
HERMAN J ORTIZ - Comprehensive Report 
Drivers License: None found 
Address(es) found: 6 found 
Motor Vehicles Registered: None found 
Criminal History: 4 found 
Possible Criminal Records (4 Found) 
WARNING - Due to the quality of Warrant data entry - Data displayed may not pertain to your Subject. 
Separate Unified Criminal Searches are highly suggested as well as Independent verification of anything displayed on this system. 
Name: HERMAN J ORTIZ 
DOB: 
Bern 
ears Ago 
Address: 
Gender: 
Is Sex Offender: No 
Source Name: NM ADMIN OFFICE OF COURTS(HISTORICAL) 
Source State: NM 
Match Indicators 
First Name: 
Exact Match 
Middle Name: 
Exact Match 
Last Name: 
Exact Match 
Date Of Birth: 
Exact Match 
Age: 
Not Provided 
Address: 
Crime County Matched (TORRANCE. NM) 
Height: 
Not Provided 
Ethnicity. 
Not Provided 
Crime Details - 10/22/2003 - TORRANCE, NM 
OffenseDescription I . SPEEDING 
Case Number: 
Crime County: TORRANCE 
Crime Type: TRAFFIC 
OffenseCode: 66.7-301 
Counts: 3 
Charges Filed Date: 10:222003 
Case Type: PM 
Court: ESTANCIA MAGISTRATE 
Plea: GUILTY 
Disposition. GUILTY PLEA DURING NON J TRIAL 
Disposition Date: 118362003 
Crime Details - 10.'22/2003 - TORRANCE, NM 
OffenseDescription I : FAILURE TO MAINTAIN TRAFFIC LANE 
Case Number: 
Crime County: TORRANCE 
Crime Type: TRAFFIC 
OffenseCode: 66-7-317 
Counts: 4 
Charges Filed Date: 10:22,2003 
Case Type: PM 
Court: ESTANCIA MAGISTRATE 
Plea: GUILTY 
Disposition: GUILTY PLEA DURING NON J TRIAL 
Disposition Date: 11i06,2003 
Crime Details - 10/22/2003 - TORRANCE, NM 
OffenseDescription l: DRIVING UNDER INFLUENCE OF LIQUOR OR 
DRUGS (1ST) 
Case Number: 
Crime County: TORRANCE 
Crime Type: TRAFFIC 
OffenseCode: 66.8-102(E) 
Counts: 1 
Charges Filed Date: 10/22:2003 
Case Type: PM 
Court: ESTANCIA MAGISTRATE 
Plea: GUILTY 
Disposition: GUILTY PLEA DURING NON J TRIAL 
Disposition Date: 11;06,2003 
Crime Details - 10/22/2003 - TORRANCE, NM 
OffenseDescriptionI : EQUIPMENT: PROHIBITED ACTS 
Case Number: 
Crime County: TORRANCE 
OffenseCode: 66.3-801 
Counts: 2 
Charges Filed Date: 10/22/2003 
Case Type: PM 
Court: ESTANCIA MAGISTRATE 
Disposition. DISMISSED DURING NON JURY TR L 
Disposition Date: 11/06/2003 
Page 2 of 7 12/15/2014 
EFTA00590305
--- PAGE 3 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
- HERMAN J ORTIZ - Comprehensive Report 
Crime Details - NM 
OffenseDescription I : DRIVING WHILE INTOXICATED 
Crime Type: TRAFFIC 
Court: MAG-ESTANCIA 
Conviction Date: 11/06/2003 
WARNING - Due to the quality of Warrant data entry - Data displayed may not pertain to your Subject. 
Separate Unified Criminal Searches are highly suggested as well as Independent verification of anything displayed on this system. 
Name: HERMAN ORTIZ 
DOB: 
. Boa Years Ago 
Is Sex Offender: No 
Source Name: NM ADMIN OFFICE OF COURTS(HISTORICAL) 
Source State: NM 
Match Indicators 
First Name: 
O Exact Match 
Middle Name: 
X Not Available On Record 
Last Name: 
O Exact Match 
Date Of Binh: 
O Exact Match 
Age: 
Not Provided 
Address: 
O Crime County Matched (TORRANCE. NM) 
Height: 
Not Provided 
Ethnicity: 
Not Provided 
Crime Details - 11/25/2008 - TORRANCE, NM 
OffenseDescription I : DISPL REGIS PLATES & TEMP PERMITS & 
PLATES; PROHIB 
Case Number: 
Crime County: TORRANCE 
OffenseCode: 66-3-18 
Counts: 1 
Charges Filed Date: 11/25)2008 
Court: ESTANCIA MAGISTRATE 
WARNING - Due to the quality of Warrant data entry - Data displayed may not pertain to your Subject. 
Separate Unified Criminal Searches are highly suggested as well as Independent verification of anything displayed on this system. 
Name: HERMAN J ORTIZ 
DOB: 
. Born 1 Years Ago 
Is Sex Offender: No 
Source Name: NM ADMIN OFFICE OF COURTS(HISTORICAL) 
Source State: NM 
Match Indicators 
First Name: 
O Exact Match 
Middle Name: 
O Exact Match 
Last Name: 
O Exact Match 
Date Of Birth: 
O Exact Match 
Age: 
Not Provided 
Address: 
O Crime State Matched (NM) 
Height: 
Not Provided 
Ethnicity: 
Not Provided 
Crime Details - 01/16/1996 - SOCORRO, NM 
OffenseDescriptionI : VEH INSURED/OWNER MUST HAVE EVID OF 
FINANCIAL RESP 
Case Number: 
Crime County: SOCORRO 
Crime Type: TRAFFIC 
OffenseCode: 66-5-205 
Counts: 1 
Charges Filed Date: 01/16/1996 
Case Type: PM 
Court: SOCORRO MAGISTRATE COURT 
Plea: GUILTY 
Disposition: GUILTY PLEA/NOLO CONTENDERE 
Disposition Date: 03)20/2001 
Page 3 of 7 12/15/2014 
EFTA00590306
--- PAGE 4 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
- HERMAN J ORTIZ - Comprehensive Report 
WARNING - Due to the quality of Warrant data entry - Data displayed may not pertain to your Subject. 
Separate Unified Criminal Searches are highly suggested as well as independent verification of anything displayed on this system. 
Name: HERMAN ORTIZ 
DOB: 
Born 
Years Ago 
Address: 
Gender: M 
is Sex Offender: No 
Source Name: BERNALILLO COUNTY METROPOLITAN COURT 
Source State: NM 
Match Indicators 
First Name: 
O Exact Match 
Middle Name: 
X Not Available On Record 
Last Name: 
O Exact Match 
Date Of Birth: 
O Close Match 
Age: 
Not Provided 
Address: 
O City Matched a) 
Height: 
Not Provided 
Ethnicity: 
Not Provided 
Crime Details - 03/19/2001 - BERNALILLO, NM 
OffenseDescription I : SLIDING OR LOOSING TRACTION 
Case Number: 
Crime County: BERNALILLO 
Status: CLOSED 
Crime Type: TRAFFIC 
OffenseCode: 65-74-4.24 
DegreeOfOffense: TRAFFIC 
Charges Filed Date: 03/19+2001 
Case Type: TR-TRAFFIC 
Plea: GUILTY 
Disposition: GUILTY 
Crime Details - 03/19/2001 - BERNALILLO, NM 
OffenseDescription I : FAIL TO OBEY NOTICE TO APPEAR 
Case Number: 
Crime County: BERNALILLO 
Status: CLOSED 
Crime Type: TRAFFIC 
OffenseCode: 66-8-126 
DegreeOfOffense: TRAFFIC 
Charges Filed Date: 03/19+2001 
Case Type: TR-TRAFFIC 
Disposition: NO ACTION 
Possible Employers (None Found) 
Address Summary (6 Found) 
Address Details (6 Found) 
Current Pnvate Phones 
Subject's Phones 
t:t ORTIZ. DONNA 
ORTIZ. MARCOS 
Owners: 
Back to Summary 
Page 4 of 7 12/192014 
EFTA00590307
--- PAGE 5 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
- HERMAN J ORTIZ - Comprehensive Report 
HERMAN ORTIZ 
DONNA D ORTIZ 
Assessed Value: $24,757 
Land Square Feet: 22,603 
Counties History (3 Found) 
BERNALILLO. NM (0511996 to 07/05/2014) 
TORRANCE. NM (0711997 to 10/31/2012) 
BROOKINGS. SD (12+2006 to 12/2006) 
Driver's License Information (None Found) 
Professional Affiliations (None Found) 
Professional Licenses (None Found) 
Bankruptcy Records (None Found) 
Liens (None Found) 
Judgments (3 Found) 
HERMAN J ORTIZ 
Address: 
Filing County: 
Filing Type: CIVIL JUDGMENT 
Plaintiff: GLAZ TECH INDUSTRIES 
Court Case Number: 
Total Judgment Amount: 512.112 
Court: BERNALILLO DISTRICT COURT(NMBERS1) 
Court Address: 
Court Phone: (505) 841.8425 
Filing Date: 06/14/2010 
I Back to Summary 
Page 5 of 7 12+15/2014 
EFTA00590308
--- PAGE 6 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
- HERMAN J ORTIZ - Comprehensive Report 
HERMAN ORTIZ 
Address: 
Fikng County: BerneMI°, NM 
Filing Type: CIVIL JUDGMENT 
Action: CIVIL JUDGMENT 
Plaintiff: FIRST FINANCIAL CU 
Court Case Number: 
Total Judgment Amount: $34,474 
Court: BERNALILLO DISTRICT COURT(NMBERS1) 
Court Address: 
Court Phone: (505) 841.8425 
Filing Date: 05)2612010 
HERMAN J ORTIZ 
Address: 
Filing County: BemalIllo, NM 
Filing Type: CIVIL JUDGMENT 
Action: CIVIL JUDGMENT 
Plaintiff: GREEN TREE SERVICING LLC 
Court Case Number.
Total Judgment Amount 514.225 
Court: BERNALILLO DISTRICT COURT(NMBERS1) 
Court Address.
Court Phone: (505) 841.8425 
Filing Date: 0510,2010 
Property Foreclosures (None Found) 
Evictions (None Found) 
Current Vehicle Information (None Found) 
FL Accidents (None Found) 
Global Watch Lists (None Found) 
US Business Affiliations (None Found) 
US Corporate Affiliations (None Found) 
Pilot Licenses (None Found) 
Page 6 of 7 12/15/2014 
EFTA00590309
--- PAGE 7 ---
FOR LICENSED INVESTIGATOR PURPOSES ONLY 
HERMAN J ORTIZ - Comprehensive Repon 
Voter Registrations (1 Found) 
Name: HERMAN ORTIZ 
Address: 
Date ol Regislration. 01:30;1983 
Parly: Republlcan 
Phone: 
Gender. Male 
Hunting Permits (2 Found) 
Permit Number: 850240 
Issue Date: 2006 
Name: HERMAN J ORTIZ 
Address: 
Resident: Y 
Home State: 
Permit Number: 
Issue Date: 2006 
Name. HERMAN L ORTIZ 
Address: 
Resident: Y 
Home State: 
Weapon Permits (None Found) 
Possible Relatives - Summary (10 Found) 
> MARCOS A ORTIZ 
> JONATHAN I ORTIZ 
> HERMAN J ORTIZ 
> DONNA D ORTIZ 
> TAUSHA Y BESS 
> RACHEL B BARELA 
> YVONNE N APODACA 
> LORI LEE ALDERETE 
> MARROS A ORTIZ 
> TAUSHA Y ORTIZ 
Page 7 of 7 12/1512014 
EFTA00590310

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590311.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. 8ehrend Dr Ste.55 INC 08-03-69 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
When Overseas Ca Collect 602-537-4000 
Agent ID. A5 
ITINERARY 
Generated: March 23. 2014 09:20 AM 
Page 1 of 3 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing 
authorization is received. Please contact your travel office by 11:59 PM on March 24,or this entire 
reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details: 
Wednesday March 26, 2014 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
UNITED AIRLINES 
Aldine Record Locator 
HO8TFF 
Flight: 
6472 
Equipment 
Canadair Regionaljet 
OPERATED BY 1SKYWEST DBA UNITED EXPRESS 
Departure: 
4:25 pm 
Albuquerque. NM 
Esbmated Time: 
HR 8 MIN 
Arrival: 
5:33 pm 
Los Angeles. CA 
Distance: 
677 Mies 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
Arrival Termcial: 
TERMINAL 8 
Seat 
10A 
Class: 
Economy 
Additional Information: 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY BE SUBJECT 
TO AN INCREASE IN FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-------------------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
6------------------
EFTA00590311
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels & 
Resorts program • an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check•in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Fairmont Miramar Hotel & Bungalows 
101 Wilshire Blvd. 
Santa Monica, CA 90401, United States 
L'Emfitage Beverly Hills 
9291 Burton Way 
. 9291 Burton Way 
Beverly Hills. CA 90210. United States 
Sunset Tower Hotel 
8358 W Sunset Blvd 
West Hollywood. CA 90069. United States 
Terranea Resort 
100 Terranea Resort 
Rancho Palos Verdes. CA 90275. United States 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00590312
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise, accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including, without limitation, all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. ncluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public interne!, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: •. 
Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 949774001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA:
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 702.486.7355 Fax' 702 486 7371, e-mai: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 775.688.1800, Fax: 775.688.1803, e-mall: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
Califomia CST#1022318.10, Rhode Island Mi_41192. Washington UBl#600.469-694, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00590313

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590314.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590314.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 /NC 08-03-69 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Ex ress Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas Can Collect 
Agent ID. A5 
ITINERARY 
Generated: March 23. 2014 09.42 AM 
Page 1 of 3 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing 
authorization is received. Please contact your travel office by 11:59 PM on March 25,or this entire 
reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details: 
Monday March 31, 2014 
CITIZENS OF POLAND MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
CITIZENS OF POLAND- VISA NOT REQUIRED IF STAYING LESS THAN 3 MONTHS 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AIR FRANCE 
Airline Record Locator 
Flight: 
1247 
Equipment 
Airbus A320 
Departure: 
6:40 am 
Warsaw. POLAND 
Estimated Time: 
2HR 25 MIN 
Arrival: 
9:05 am 
Paris De Gaulle. FRANCE 
Distance: 
837 Mies 
Meal: 
Snackfbrunch 
Arrival Terminal: 
AEROGARE 2 TERMINAL F 
Seat 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Economy 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AIR FRANCE 
Airline Record Locator 
Flight: 
498 
Equipment 
Airbus A340-300 
Departure: 
10:55 am 
Pans De Gaulle. FRANCE 
Estimated Time: 
HR 55 MIN 
Arrival: 
1:50 pm 
St Maarten. NETHERLANDS 
Distance: 
4.189 Mies 
Meal: 
Meal service 
Departure Terminal: 
AEROGARE 2 TERMINAL F 
Seat 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Economy 
Travel Details: 
Friday April 18, 2014 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AIR FRANCE 
Airline Record Locator 
Flight: 
499 
Equipment 
-300 
Departure: 
4:00 pm 
St Maarten. NETHERLANDS 
Estimated Time: 
HR 20 MIN 
Arrival: 
6:20 am 
Pans De Gaulle. FRANCE 
Distance: 
4.189 Mies 
Meal: 
Breakfast meal 
Arriving on: 
April 19.2014 
Arrival Termite': 
AEROGARE 2 TERMINAL E 
Seat 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Economy 
Travel Details: 
Saturday April 19, 2014 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
Flight: 
Departure: 
Arrival: 
AIR FRANCE 
1146 
9:45 am 
12:00 pm 
Pans De Gaulle. FRANCE 
Warsaw. POLAND 
Airline Record Locator 
Equipment 
Estimated Time: 
Distance: 
Meal: 
Airbus Jet 
2HR 15 MIN 
837 Mies 
Snackfbrunch 
EFTA00590314
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Departure Terminal: 
AEROGARE 2 TERMINAL F 
Seat 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Economy 
Additional Information: 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY BE SUBJECT 
TO AN INCREASE IN FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-------------------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
*------------------
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels & 
Resorts program - an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check-in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
La Samanna 
Baie Longue 
St. Martin, 97064, Netherlands Antilles 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00590315
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures cr advertisements desalt:4,g any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the teams and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. iicluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your hip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public Internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or. a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
California CSTa1022318.10. Rhode Island ML#1192. Washington UBIII600.469894, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00590316

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590317.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590317.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 P.M 08-03-69 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
TICKET INFORMATION: 
1-877-877-0987 (Toll Free) 
When Overseas Cam Collect 602-537-4000 
Agent 
INVOICE 
Generated: March 23. 2014 10:31 AM 
Page 1 of 3 
CHARGES 
Total charged to American Express 
344.00 
Airline Name: 
SOUTHWEST AIRLINES 
Ticket Base Fare: 
320.00 
Ticket Number: 
Ticketless 
Invoice: 
0425493 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees: 
24.00 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
344.00 
Travel Details: 
Monday March 24, 2014 
SOUTHWEST AIRLINES RECORD LOCATOR 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
SOUTHWEST AIRLINES 
Aldine Record Locator 
7W2X9M 
Flight: 
511 
Equipment 
Boeing 737-700 
Departure: 
7:15 pm 
Los Angeles. CA 
Estimated Time: 
HR 45 MIN 
Arrival: 
10:00 pm 
Albuquerque. NM 
Distance: 
677 Mies 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
Departure Terminal: 
TERMINAL 1 
Seat 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Economy 
Travel Details: 
Sunday June 22, 2014 
THE BAGGAGE FEES:RULES OF SOUTHWEST AIRLINES:SOUTHWEST AIRLINES APPLY TO THIS ITINERARY AND MAY BE ACCESSED BY 
VISITING 
Additional Information: 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
-------------------
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
THE AMOUNT OF GOVERNMENT TAXES/AIRLINE-IMPOSED FEES SET FORTH ON THIS 
INVOICE MAY INCLUDE AIRLINE-IMPOSED FUEL SURCHARGES: CUSTOMERS CAN 
CONTACT THEIR TRAVEL COUNSELOR(S) FOR AN ITEMIZED BREAKDOWN OF THIS 
AMOUNT. 
EFTA00590317
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels & 
Resorts program • an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check•in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Four Seasons Resort Rancho Encantado 5 198 State Road 592 
Santa Fe. NM 87506. United States 
Hyatt Regency Tamaya Resort & Spa 
1300 Tuyuna Trail 
Santa Ana Pueblo, NM 87004. United States 
La Posada de Santa Fe Resort & Spa 
330 East Palace Avenue 
Santa Fe, NM 87501. United States 
Rosewood Inn of the Anasazi 
113 Washington Avenue 
Santa Fe. NM 87501. United States 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00590318
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise, accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including, without limitation, all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. ncluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public interne!, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: •. 
Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 949774001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA:
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 702.486.7355 Fax' 702 486 7371, e-mai: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 775.688.1800, Fax: 775.688.1803, e-mall: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
Califomia CST#1022318.10, Rhode Island Mi_41192. Washington UBl#600.469-694, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00590319

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590320.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590320.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thomas J. Ma nani 
Alvin Grayson 
West 61st Stree 
7th Floor 
New York NY 10019 
Mr. Jeff Epstein 
East 71st Street 
New York NY 10021 
Telephone 
N pays; by croft ca.-d. emir re spurt you to pmvie 
ay our blow 
Nash:rued 
Visa 
Amex 
Card it  
&guitar 
Date 
7/29/2015
IMPORTANT • PLEASE DETACH UPPER PORTION NC RETURN PATH YOUR REMITTANCE TO INSURE CREDIT TO PROPER ACCOUNT 
Date 
Patient 
Description 
Charges 
Credits 
7/1/2015 
7/1/2015 
7/1/2015 
Previous Balance 
Recall Oral Exam 
Adult Scale & Prophy 
40.00 
180.00 
Account Total 
If payment has been sent, please disregard this statement - Thank You. 
We accept credit cardsl You may complete and return the top part of 
this statement, or call the office at 212488-1090. 
Current 
Days 
Days 
Days 
220.00 
0.00 
0.00 
j 
0.00 
Thomas J. MagnanIM. 
Alvin Grayson.... 
West 51st Street 
7th Floor 
New York NY 10019 
(212) 688 
EFTA00590320

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590321.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590321.pdf
----------------------------------------
COFFEY BURLINGTON 
2601 South Bayshore Drive 
Penthouse 1 
Miami, Florida 33133 
Telephone: 
Telefax: (305) 858-5261 
Federal Tax Id 
Alan M. Dershowitz 
Jane Doe v. USA 
Page: 1 
07/31/2015 
ACCOUNT NO: 
STATEMENT NO: 
PREVIOUS BALANCE 
$2,406.51 
BALANCE DUE 
$2,406.51 
Your Trust Account #8 balance is 
OPENING BALANCE 
CLOSING BALANCE 
$10,000.00 
$10,000.00 
EFTA00590321
--- PAGE 2 ---
COFFEY BURLINGTON 
2601 South Bayshore Drive 
Penthouse 1 
Miami, Florida 33133 
Telephone: 
Telefax: (305) 858-5261 
Federal Tax Id 
Alan M. Dershowitz 
PREVIOUS BALANCE 
Jane Doe v. USA 
Page: 1 
07/31/2015 
ACCOUNT NO: 
FEES 
EXPENSES 
ADVANCES 
PAYMENTS 
BALANCE 
2,406.51 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
$2,406.51 
EFTA00590322

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590323.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590323.pdf
----------------------------------------
Nelson 
Mullins 
Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP 
Attorneys and Counselors at Law 
101 Constitution Avenue, NW I Suite 900 Washington. DC 20001 
Tel: 
Fax: 202.545.2952 
October 10, 2015 
Mr. Karim Wade 
Re: 
Engagement Letter 
Dear Mr. Wade: 
Robert B. Crowe 
Tel: 
We are pleased that you have asked Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP 
("Nelson Mullins") to provide you representation in the United States and before the 
United States Government. This letter will confirm your engagement of Nelson 
Mullins and will describe the basis on which we will provide services to you. 
Scope of Representation 
We will devote our best efforts to representing you and, in doing so, we will 
strictly adhere to both the legal and moral obligations of our profession. Those 
obligations may include the requirement that we register as a foreign agent working on 
your behalf under The Foreign Agents Registration Act (FARA). We will review our 
activity on your behalf and if registration is required, a copy of this engagement letter 
will be filed with the U.S. Department of Justice. 
Fees and Expenses and Term of Engagement 
Subject to the terms of this paragraph, you will pay Nelson Mullins a retainer 
fee of US$150,000 to provide our services for a period of three months, effective upon 
our receipt of the full retainer amount. No services will be provided under this 
engagement letter until the retainer is paid. 
Mth offices hr the Dimple, of Columbia. Florida. Georgia. Marsadnisens. New York. Nonh Carolina. South Carolina. Tennessee and West Virginia 
EFTA00590323
--- PAGE 2 ---
Mr. Karim Wade 
October 10, 2015 
Page 2 of 2 
We are pleased to have this opportunity to serve you. Please indicate your 
acceptance of these terms and conditions by signing a copy of this letter and returning it 
to me with the full retainer payment. 
Very truly yours, 
By: 
Robert B. Crowe, Esq. 
Partner 
Date: October 10, 2015 
By: 
Mr. Karim Wade 
Date: 
Domestic Wire Transfer 
Beneficiary: 
Nelson Mullins Riley 8 Scarborough. LLP 
1320 Main Street 
Columbia, SC 29201 
Beneficiary Bank: 
Synovus Bank 
1148 Broadway 
Columbus, GA 31901 
ABA/Routing Number= 
Beneficiary Account: 
ELECTRONIC PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS 
Foreign Wire (USD)Transfer 
Beneficiary: 
Nelson Mullins Riley 8 Scarborough, LLP 
1320 Main Street 
Columbia, SC 29201 
Beneficiary Bank: 
Synovus Bank 
Birmingham, Alabama 
USA 
SWIFT Code: 
Beneficiary Account: 
Automated Clearing House (ACH)Transfer 
Beneficiary: 
Nelson Mulkns Riley 8 Scarborough. LLP 
1320 Main Street 
Columbia, SC 29201 
Beneficiary Bank: 
NBSC a division of Synovus Bank 
PO Box 1798 
Sumter, SC 29151.1798 
ABA/Routing Number= 
Beneficiary Account: 
EFTA00590324

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590325.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590325.pdf
----------------------------------------
J EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS FOUNDATION INC. 
2:23pm 
Stock 
Dividend 
Number of 
Price 
Total 
A/C 
Symbol 
Yield 
Shares 
Per Share 
Proceeds 
The Walt Disney Company 
DIS 
1.17% 
5,000 
114.80 
574,000 
Pfizer Inc 
PFE 
3.20% 
10000 
34.51 
345,100 
Bristol Meyers Squibb 
BMY 
2.29% 
5,000 
67.34 
336,700 
The Boeing Company 
BA 
2.48% 
500 
147.01 
73,505 
Ubisoft Entertainment SA 
UBSFY 
N/A 
5,000 
5.90 
29,500 
Tencent Holdings Limited 
TCEHY 
0.24% 
400 
18.96 
7.584 
Total Cost of Securities 
1,366,389 
Cash in account 
1,706,126.84 
EFTA00590325

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590326.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 33854930 E-Filed 10/29/2015 04:16:46 PM 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and 
PAUL G. CASSELL, 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
Plaintiffs/Counterclaim Defendants, 
CIVIL DIVISION 
CASE NO: CACE 
vs. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant/Counterclaim Plaintiff. 
NOTICE OF HEARING 
[Special Set — I Hour] 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that the undersigned attorney will set down for hearing 
before the Honorable Thomas Lynch, Judge of the above-styled Court, in his Chambers at the 
Broward County Courthouse, 201 S.E. 6th Street, Room 950, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301, on 
Tuesday, November 3, 2015, at 10:00 a.m. or as soon thereafter as counsel may be heard, the 
following: 
• 
DEFENDANT/COUNTERCLAIM PLAINTIFF ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ'S 
MOTION TO COMPEL PLAINTIFFS' PRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS & 
COMPLETE RESPONSES TO INTERROGATORIES; 
• 
DEFENDANT/COUNTERCLAIM PLAINTIFF ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ'S 
MOTION FOR FINDING OF WAIVER BASED ON PLAINTIFFS' FAILURE 
TO PROVIDE A PRIVILEGE LOG OR, IN THE ALTERNATIVE, TO 
COMPEL PLAINTIFFS TO PROVIDE AN ITEMIZED PRIVILEGE LOG 
Movant counsel certifies that A) I have made a good faith attempt to agree or to narrow the 
issues on the Motions noticed has been made with opposing counsel, to no avail; and B) the issues 
before the Court may be heard and resolved by the court within five (5) minutes. 
PLEASE GOVERN YOURSELVES ACCORDINGLY. 
EFTA00590326
--- PAGE 2 ---
Respectfully submitted, 
Is/ Thomas E. Scott 
Thomas E. Scott Es . 
Florida Bar No. 
Steven R. Safra, E. . 
Florida Bar No. 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, ■ 
Dadeland Centre II, 14th Floor 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33156 
Phone: (305) 350-5300 
Fax: (305) 373-2294 
Richard A. Sim son 
ro hac vice) 
kat,. vice) 
Ashle E. Eiler 
ro hac vice) 
WILEY REIN LLP 
1776 K Street, NW 
Washington, DC 20006 
Phone: (202) 719-7000 
Fax: (202) 719-7049 
Counsel for Alan M. Dershowitz 
EFTA00590327
--- PAGE 3 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing has been furnished by electronic mail 
(email) at email address: 
to: 
Jack Scarola, Esq, Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, ■., Counsel for Plaintiff, 
and I electronically filed the foregoing 
with the Clerk of Broward County by using the Florida Courts eFiling Portal this 
day of October, 
2015 . 
By: s/Thomas E. Scott 
THOMAS E. SCOTT 
FBN: 
EFTA00590328

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590329.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590329.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Tue. 09 February 2016 14:30:46 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page 1 of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing authorization is received. Please contact your 
travel office by 11:59 PM on February 10. or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Monday 15 Feb 16 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Operated By 
Aimee 
UA6186 
Houston. 
Albuquerque. 
09:05 AM 
10:32 AM 
Terminal C 
E Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Mesa Airlines Dba United Express 
Additional Messages 
George Bush Intercontinental 
Albuquerque International 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 27 Mins 
Equipment 
Embraer 175 Winglets 
Meal 
Food-Bev/Pur 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
NIL 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-----------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
• 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 72 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
• 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary MVVWIIF 
;:6ICAN 
ID:PR E SS 
EFTA00590329
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In. when available 
• Roca Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Oaily breakfast fa two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at w.vw a me rica n e 
res s :cc/1.N. 
To book your stay, visit americanexpress.cornIfhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are nci eligible for upgrade: cal Centurion Travel Service for details 
" Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wvnv.allianz.com. Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise. accommodations, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includng. without limitation. aM cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your slay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to .' quire with the hotel before your tnp regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
• Fntry and Fin! Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodicaty review viww.Visacentral.coMamex for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit rechirements for your travel 
destnabon. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
• Air Transportation Important Stine ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit Mtps:limyamextravelconVstabciconditions for more information. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carnage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants, lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases, oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in you' luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or 
on your person. A violation can result in five years' imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives, compressed 
gases. flammable liquids and solids, oxidizers. poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants. lighter fluid, fireworks, tear gases, oxygen bottles. and 
radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smokerg 
materials carried on your person. For further information contact your aide* representative a visit httc= s wivie.'a a 
=,,n Oitr, tat/VP clil>mat_Safolv,' 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly. from ('I) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or 
failures of equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest. stokes. riots. theft. disease, accidents a failures related to the public internet telecommunications lines or facikties. a third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and maltrig arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppbers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an .' dependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
oaten suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and succoring technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppbers and these arrangements. including levels and types of compensation and incenwes we receive. are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including suppler availability and your preferences. The relationslips we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppbers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA; This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located kr California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 fa transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your claim 
and a $35 processng fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001; Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: vftwricrcit.org. 
Page 2 of 3 
Itinerary K1VVWIIF 
AMERICAN 
SCPRESS 
EFTA00590330
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
• 
WASHING/OW If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whim the services were arranged. 
or if tne funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product andior date. 
California CSTI1022318, Washington UM/1600-469494. Iowa TA4669. 
Page 3 of 3 
Itinerary KtVVVVIIF 
Z
AN' E RICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00590331

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590332.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590332.pdf
----------------------------------------
BIC SKI' 
Big Sky Aviation, Inc. 
4095 SOUTHERN BLVD SUITE 300 
West Palm Beach, FL 33406 
Phone 
Fax 
Shop order: 
16-1311 
Opened: 3/18/2016 
Accl Number. 
1230 
Closed: 
5/23/2016 
Sold To: JEGE INC 
Aircraft Number: 
Type:BOEING 727 
S/N: 20115 
Total Time: 
33,732.9 
Hobbs Time: 
Tach Time: 
LG Cycles: 
22,365 
Eng# Type 
S/N 
Time 
Cycles 
Prop Type 
Prop S/N 
Prop Time 
3850.0 
1.618 
3850.0 
1.618 
Discrepancy: 1 
Problem. 
SET UP WORK SCOPE AND UPDATE AIRCRAFT RECORDS AND PRE-MAINTENANCE WALK AROUND INSPECTION 
Action Taken: 
C/W SET UP WORK SCOPE AND UPDATE AIRCRAFT RECORDS AND PRE-MAINTENANCE WALK AROUND INSPECTION 
Projected 
Billed 
Charges 
Charges This Item: 
0.00 
4.00 Hours @ 
85.00EI 
340.00 
Total For This Discrepancy: 5 
340.00 
Discrepancy: 2 
Problem: 
A CHECK INSPECTION DUE 
Action Taken: 
C/W A CHECK INSPECTION 
Sublet Service Completed: 4/05/2016 
Description: HYDRO PN 6350 SN 727518 
Performed By: HYDRO-STAT PO #: 16-3033 
THIS WAS FOR THE HYDRO TEST OF O2 CYLINDER BOTTLE (1 OF 2) $118.75 
Sublet Service Completed: 4/05/2016 
Description: HYDRO PN 36200027 SN 15662C1 
Performed By: HYDRO-STAT PO #: 16-3033 
THIS WAS FOR THE HYDRO TEST OF O2 CYLINDER BOTTLE (2 OF 2) $118.75 
Sublet Service Completed: 4/14/2016 
Description: OH P/N 13621-1 S/N 5268 
Performed By: SKY-N-SEA INTERNATIONAL PO #: 16-3030 
THIS WAS FOR THE SLIDE (1 OF 2) OVERHAUL $1900.75 
Outside Repair Completed: 4/21/2016 
Item: 979254-3-1, S/N: P-802 
Repaired By: RA AVIATION, INC. PO #: 16-3085 
THIS WAS FOR THE REPAIR OF THE START VALVE $612.50 
Outside Repair Completed: 5/20/2016 
Item: 100103-103, S/N: PAF137 
Printed: 6/07/2016 
Shop order: 16-1311 
Page: 1 of 2 
EFTA00590332
--- PAGE 2 ---
Big Sky Aviation, Inc. 
4095 SOUTHERN BLVD SUITE 300 
West Palm Beach FL 33406 
Phon 
Repaired By: SKY-N-SEA INTERNATIONAL PO #: 16-3020 
THIS WAS FOR THE TESTING OF LIFE RAFTS, FOUND B.E.R. (1 OF 3) $437.50 
Sublet Service Completed: 5/20/2016 
Description: PN 100103-103 SN PAF137 
Performed By: SKY-N-SEA INTERNATIONAL PO #: 16-3375 
THIS WAS FOR THE TESTING OF LIFE RAFTS, FOUND B.E.R. (2 OF 3) $437.50 
Sublet Service Completed: 5/20/2016 
Description: PN 100103-103 SN PAF131 
Performed By: SKY-N-SEA INTERNATIONAL PO #: 16-3376 
THIS WAS FOR THE TESTING OF LIFE RAFTS, FOUND B.E.R. (3 OF 3) $437.50 
Sublet Service Completed: 5/24/2016 
Description: OH P/N 13621-1 S/N 5078 
Performed By: SKY-N-SEA INTERNATIONAL PO #:163157 
THIS WAS FOR THE SLIDE OVERHAUL (2 OF 2) $2738.89 
Projected 
Billed 
Charges 
Charges This Item: 
0.00 125.00 Hours @ 
85.00 $ 
10,625.00 
Outside Labor: S 
118.75 
Outside Labor: $ 
118.75 
Outside Labor: $ 
1,900.75 
Outside Labor: $ 
437.50 
Outside Labor: $ 
437.50 
Outside Labor: $ 
2,738.89 
Outside Repair: 
Outside Repair: 
$ 
612.50 
$ 
437.50 
Part Number 
Description 
Credit Quantity Units 
List Price Disc 
Unit Price 
Extended 
H3RC150HT3 
I CYLINDER 
1.00 Each 
3,000.000 
2,400.000 $ 
2,400.00 
S/N: M829981
Freight 
1.00 
I 
95.100I$ 
95.10 
Total For This Discrepancy: 'S 
19,922.24 
Miscellaneous Charges: 
Consumables: S 
1,509.87 
Totals: 
Terms: Due Upon Receipt 
THIS INVOICE MUST BE PAID, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE BIG 
DEPARTURE OF THE AIRCRAFT. DISCOUNT IS FOR PROMPT 
TO A LATE FEE OF 2% OR 50.00, WHICHEVER IS GREATER WILL 
ON ANY UNPAID BALANCE AND LEGAL FEES, PLUS ANY COST 
DAYS, A LIEN WILL BE FILED FOR THE AMOUNT OWED AGAINST 
AT BIG SKY AVIATION WE STRIVE TO KEEP COSTS AS LOW AS 
OF WORK. PASSENGER SAFETY AND THE INTEGRITY OF THE 
YOU FOR CONSIDERING BIG SKY AVIATION, WE LOOK FORWARD 
FOR QUESTIONS OR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT 
SubTotal: 
$ 
21,772.11 
21,77 2.1 1 
21,772.11 
TO 
SUBJECT 
DATE 
DUE 90 
QUALITY 
THANK 
FUTURE. 
Charges: 
$ 
Amount Remaining: 
$ 
SKY AVIATION TERMS & AGREEMENT, PRIOR 
CASH PAYMENT. ALL PAST DUE INVOICES ARE 
BE CHARGED EACH 30 DAYS AFTER AN INVOICE 
REQUIRED TO COLLECT MONEYS OWED. PAST 
THE AIRCRAFT IN WHICH WORK WAS COMPLETED. 
POSSIBLE WHILE PERFORMING THE HIGHEST 
AIRCRAFT ARE ALWAYS OUR TOP CONCERN. 
TO WORKIN 
THE VERY NEAR 
WAYNE GARNER 
Pdnted: 6/07/2016 
Shop order: 16-1311 
Page: 2 of 2 
EFTA00590333

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590334.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590334.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
Tax Division 
Washington, D.C. 20530 
CDC:TJS:KFSweeney 
DJ 5-16-4672/DJ 5-16-4650 
CMN 2014200678/CMN 2014000652 
December 10, 2015 
Kathryn Ruemmler 
Christopher Clark 
Lathan & Watkins LLP 
555 Eleventh Street NW 
Suite 1000 
Washington, DC 20004 
Re: 
Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) SA 
Edmond de Rothschidl (Lugano) SA 
DOJ Swiss Bank Program — Category 2 
Non-Prosecution Agreement 
Dear Ms. Ruemmler and Mr. Clark: 
Banque Privee Edmond de Rothschild SA and its Lugano-based subsidiary, Banca 
Privata Edmond de Rothschild Lugano SA, submitted separate Letters of Intent on December 27, 
2013, to participate in Category 2 of the Department of Justice's Program for Non-Prosecution 
Agreements or Non-Target Letters for Swiss Banks, as announced on August 29, 2013 (hereafter 
"Swiss Bank Program"). Since submitting their respective letters, the banks have changed their 
names to Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) SA and Edmond de Rothschild (Lugano) SA 
respectively (hereinafter collectively referred to as "EdR Switzerland" or the "Bank") and joined 
for the purposes of the Swiss Bank Program. This Non-Prosecution Agreement ("Agreement") is 
entered into based on the representations in the aforementioned Letters of Intent and information 
provided by MR Switzerland pursuant to the terms of the Swiss Bank Program. The Swiss Bank 
Program is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety in this Agreement.' Any violation by 
Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) SA or Edmond de Rothschild (Lugano) SA of the Swiss Bank 
Program will constitute a breach of this Agreement. Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) SA and 
Edmond de Rothschild (Lugano) SA are separate legal entities that participated jointly in the 
Swiss Bank Program. They are severally bound by the obligations of this Agreement and 
severally liable for any individual breach of this Agreement. 
On the understandings specified below, the Department of Justice will not prosecute EdR 
Switzerland for any tax-related offenses under Titles 18 or 26, United States Code, or for any 
monetary transaction offenses under Title 31, United States Code, Sections 5314 and 5322, in 
I Capitalized terms shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Swiss Bank Program. 
EFTA00590334
--- PAGE 2 ---
- 2 - 
connection with undeclared U.S. Related Accounts held by EdR Switzerland during the 
Applicable Period (the "conduct"). SIR Switzerland admits, accepts, and acknowledges 
responsibility for the conduct set forth in the Statement of Facts attached hereto as Exhibit A and 
agrees not to make any public statement contradicting the Statement of Facts. This Agreement 
does not provide any protection against prosecution for any offenses except as set forth above, 
and applies only to EdR Switzerland and does not apply to any other entities or to any 
individuals. EdR Switzerland expressly understands that the protections provided under this 
Agreement shall not apply to any acquirer or successor entity unless and until such acquirer or 
successor formally adopts and executes this Agreement. EdR Switzerland enters into this 
Agreement pursuant to the authority granted by the Board of Directors of Edmond de Rothschild 
(Suisse) SA and Edmond de Rothschild (Lugano) SA in the form of Board Resolutions (copies 
of which are attached hereto as Exhibits B and C). 
In recognition of the conduct described in this Agreement and in accordance with the 
terms of the Swiss Bank Program, EdR Switzerland agrees to pay the sum of $45,245,000 as a 
penalty to the Department of Justice ("the Department"). This shall be paid directly to the United 
States within seven (7) days of the execution of this Agreement pursuant to payment instructions 
provided to EdR Switzerland. This payment is in lieu of restitution, forfeiture, or criminal fine 
against EdR Switzerland for the conduct described in this Agreement. The Department will take 
no further action to collect any additional criminal penalty from Edit Switzerland with respect to 
the conduct described in this Agreement, unless the Tax Division determines EdR Switzerland 
has materially violated the terms of this Agreement or the Swiss Bank Program as described on 
pages 5-6 below. SIR Switzerland acknowledges that this penalty payment is a final payment 
and no portion of the payment will be refunded or returned under any circumstance, including a 
determination by the Tax Division that EdR Switzerland has violated any provision of this 
Agreement. SIR Switzerland agrees that it shall not file any petitions for remission, restoration, 
or any other assertion of ownership or request for return relating to the penalty amount or the 
calculation thereof, or file any other action or motion, or make any request or claim whatsoever, 
seeking to collaterally attack the payment or calculation of the penalty. Edit Switzerland agrees 
that it shall not assist any others in filing any such claims, petitions, actions, or motions. EdR 
Switzerland further agrees that no portion of the penalty that EdR Switzerland has agreed to pay 
to the Department under the terms of this Agreement will serve as a basis for EdR Switzerland to 
claim, assert, or apply for, either directly or indirectly, any tax deduction, any tax credit, or any 
other offset against any U.S. federal, state, or local tax or taxable income. 
The Department enters into this Agreement based, in part, on the following Swiss Bank 
Program factors: 
(a) EdR Switzerland's timely, voluntary, and thorough disclosure of its conduct, 
including: 
how its cross-border business for U.S. Related Accounts was structured, operated, 
and supervised (including internal reporting and other communications with and 
among management); 
the name and function of the individuals who structured, operated, or supervised 
the cross-border business for U.S. Related Accounts during the Applicable Period; 
EFTA00590335
--- PAGE 3 ---
- 3 - 
how EdR Switzerland attracted and serviced account holders; and 
an in-person presentation and documentation, properly translated, supporting the 
disclosure of the above information and other information that was requested by 
the Tax Division; 
(b) EdR Switzerland's cooperation with the Tax Division, including conducting an 
internal investigation and making presentations to the Tax Division on the status and findings of 
the internal investigation; 
(c) EdR Switzerland's production of information about its U.S. Related Accounts, 
including: 
the total number of U.S. Related Accounts and the maximum dollar value, in the 
aggregate, of the U.S. Related Accounts that (i) existed on August 1, 2008; (ii) 
were opened between August 1, 2008, and February 28, 2009; and (iii) were 
opened after February 28, 2009; 
the total number of accounts that were closed during the Applicable Period; and 
upon execution of the Agreement, as to each account that was closed during the 
Applicable Period, (i) the maximum value, in dollars, of each account, during the 
Applicable Period; (ii) the number of U.S. persons or entities affiliated or 
potentially affiliated with each account, and further noting the nature of the 
relationship to the account of each such U.S. person or entity or potential U.S. 
person or entity (e.g., a financial interest, beneficial interest, ownership, or 
signature authority, whether directly or indirectly, or other authority); (iii) 
whether it was held in the name of an individual or an entity; (iv) whether it held 
U.S. securities at any time during the Applicable Period; (v) the name and 
function of any relationship manager, client advisor, asset manager, financial 
advisor, trustee, fiduciary, nominee, attorney, accountant, or other individual or 
entity functioning in a similar capacity known by EdR Switzerland to be affiliated 
with said account at any time during the Applicable Period; and (vi) information 
concerning the transfer of funds into and out of the account during the Applicable 
Period, including (a) whether funds were deposited or withdrawn in cash; (b) 
whether funds were transferred through an intermediary (including but not limited 
to an asset manager, financial advisor, trustee, fiduciary, nominee, attorney, 
accountant, or other third party functioning in a similar capacity) and the name 
and function of any such intermediary; (c) identification of any financial 
institution and domicile of any financial institution that transferred funds into or 
received funds from the account; and (d) identification of any country to or from 
which funds were transferred; and 
(d) EdR Switzerland's retention of a qualified independent examiner who has verified 
the information EdR Switzerland disclosed pursuant to II.D.2 of the Swiss Bank Program. 
Under the terms of this Agreement, EdR Switzerland shall: (a) commit no U.S. federal 
offenses; and (b) truthfully and completely disclose, and continue to disclose during the term of 
EFTA00590336
--- PAGE 4 ---
- 4 - 
this Agreement, consistent with applicable law and regulations, all material information 
described in Part II.D.1 of the Swiss Bank Program that is not protected by a valid claim of 
privilege or work product with respect to the activities of EdR Switzerland, those of its parent 
company and its affiliates, and its officers, directors, employees, agents, consultants, and others, 
which information can be used for any purpose, except as otherwise limited in this Agreement. 
Notwithstanding the term of this Agreement, EdR Switzerland shall also, subject to 
applicable laws or regulations: (a) cooperate fully with the Department, the Internal Revenue 
Service, and any other federal law enforcement agency designated by the Department regarding 
all matters related to the conduct described in this Agreement; (b) provide all necessary 
information and assist the United States with the drafting of treaty requests seeking account 
information of U.S. Related Accounts, whether open or closed, and collect and maintain all 
records that are potentially responsive to such treaty requests in order to facilitate a prompt 
response; (c) assist the Department or any designated federal law enforcement agency in any 
investigation, prosecution, or civil proceeding arising out of or related to the conduct covered by 
this Agreement by providing logistical and technical support for any meeting, interview, federal 
grand jury proceeding, or any federal trial or other federal court proceeding; (d) use its best 
efforts promptly to secure the attendance and truthful statements or testimony of any officer, 
director, employee, agent, or consultant of EdR Switzerland at any meeting or interview or 
before a federal grand jury or at any federal trial or other federal court proceeding regarding 
matters arising out of or related to the conduct covered by this Agreement; (e) provide testimony 
of a competent witness as needed to enable the Department and any designated federal law 
enforcement agency to use the information and evidence obtained pursuant to EdR Switzerland's 
participation in the Swiss Bank Program; (f) provide the Department, upon request, consistent 
with applicable law and regulations, all information, documents, records, or other tangible 
evidence not protected by a valid claim of privilege or work product regarding matters arising 
out of or related to the conduct covered by this Agreement about which the Department or any 
designated federal law enforcement agency inquires, including the translation of significant 
documents at the expense of EdR Switzerland; and (g) provide to any state law enforcement 
agency such assistance as may reasonably be requested in order to establish the basis for 
admission into evidence of documents already in the possession of such state law enforcement 
agency in connection with any state civil or criminal tax proceedings brought by such state law 
enforcement agency against an individual arising out of or related to the conduct described in 
this Agreement. 
EdR Switzerland further agrees to undertake the following: 
1. 
The Tax Division has agreed to specific dollar threshold limitations for the initial 
production of transaction information pursuant to Part II.D.2.b.vi of the Swiss 
Bank Program, and set forth in subparagraph (c) on pages 2-3 of this Agreement. 
EdR Switzerland agrees that, to the extent it has not provided complete 
transaction information, it will promptly provide the entirety of the transaction 
information upon request of the Tax Division. 
2. 
EdR Switzerland agrees to close as soon as practicable, and in no event later than 
two years from the date of this Agreement, any and all accounts of recalcitrant 
account holders, as defined in Section 1471(d)(6) of the Internal Revenue Code; 
has implemented, or will implement, procedures to prevent its employees from 
EFTA00590337
--- PAGE 5 ---
- 5 - 
assisting recalcitrant account holders to engage in acts of further concealment in 
connection with closing any account or transferring any funds; and will not open 
any U.S. Related Accounts except on conditions that ensure that the account will 
be declared to the United States and will be subject to disclosure by EdR 
Switzerland. 
3. 
EdR Switzerland agrees to use best efforts to close as soon as practicable, and in 
no event later than the four-year term of this Agreement, any and all U.S. Related 
Accounts classified as "dormant" in accordance with applicable laws, regulations 
and guidelines, and will provide periodic reporting upon request of the Tax 
Division if unable to close any dormant accounts within that time period. EdR 
Switzerland will only provide banking or securities services in connection with 
any such "dormant" account to the extent that such services are required pursuant 
to applicable laws, regulations and guidelines. If at any point contact with the 
account holder(s) (or other person(s) with authority over the account) is re-
established, EdR Switzerland will promptly proceed to follow the procedures 
described above in paragraph 2. 
4. 
EdR Switzerland agrees to retain all records relating to its U.S. cross-border 
business, including records relating to all U.S. Related Accounts closed during the 
Applicable Period, for a period of ten (10) years from the termination date of the 
this Agreement. 
With respect to any information, testimony, documents, records or other tangible 
evidence provided to the Tax Division pursuant to this Agreement, the Tax Division provides 
notice that it may, subject to applicable law and regulations, disclose such information or 
materials to other domestic governmental authorities for purposes of law enforcement or 
regulatory action as the Tax Division, in its sole discretion, shall deem appropriate. 
EdR Switzerland's obligations under this Agreement shall continue for a period of four 
(4) years from the date this Agreement is fully executed. EdR Switzerland, however, shall 
cooperate fully with the Department in any and all matters relating to the conduct described in 
this Agreement, until the date on which all civil or criminal examinations, investigations, or 
proceedings, including all appeals, are concluded, whether those examinations, investigations, or 
proceedings are concluded within the four-year term of this Agreement. 
It is understood that if the Tax Division determines, in its sole discretion, that: (a) EdR 
Switzerland committed any U.S. federal offenses during the term of this Agreement; (b) Edit 
Switzerland or any of its representatives have given materially false, incomplete, or misleading 
testimony or information; (c) the misconduct extended beyond that described in the Statement of 
Facts or disclosed to the Tax Division pursuant to Part II.D.1 of the Swiss Bank Program; or 
(d) EdR Switzerland has otherwise materially violated any provision of this Agreement or the 
terms of the Swiss Bank Program, then (i) EdR Switzerland shall thereafter be subject to 
prosecution and any applicable penalty, including restitution, forfeiture, or criminal fine, for any 
federal offense of which the Department has knowledge, including perjury and obstruction of 
justice; (ii) all statements made by EdR Switzerland's representatives to the Tax Division or 
other designated law enforcement agents, including but not limited to the appended Statement of 
Facts, any testimony given by EdR Switzerland's representatives before a grand jury or other 
EFTA00590338
--- PAGE 6 ---
- 6 - 
tribunal whether prior to or subsequent to the signing of this Agreement, and any leads 
therefrom, and any documents provided to the Department, the Internal Revenue Service, or 
designated law enforcement authority by EdR Switzerland shall be admissible in evidence in any 
criminal proceeding brought against EdR Switzerland and relied upon as evidence to support any 
penalty on EdR Switzerland; and (iii) EdR Switzerland shall assert no claim under the United 
States Constitution, any statute, Rule 410 of the Federal Rules of Evidence, or any other federal 
rule that such statements or documents or any leads therefrom should be suppressed. 
Determination of whether EdR Switzerland has breached this Agreement and whether to 
pursue prosecution of EdR Switzerland shall be in the Tax Division's sole discretion. The 
decision whether conduct or statements of any current director, officer or employee, or any 
person acting on behalf of, or at the direction of, EdR Switzerland, will be imputed to EdR 
Switzerland for the purpose of determining whether EdR Switzerland has materially violated any 
provision of this Agreement shall be in the sole discretion of the Tax Division. 
In the event that the Tax Division determines that EdR Switzerland has breached this 
Agreement, the Tax Division agrees to provide EdR Switzerland with written notice of such 
breach prior to instituting any prosecution resulting from such breach. Within thirty (30) days of 
receipt of such notice, EdR Switzerland may respond to the Tax Division in writing to explain 
the nature and circumstances of such breach, as well as the actions that EdR Switzerland has 
taken to address and remediate the situation, which explanation the Tax Division shall consider 
in determining whether to pursue prosecution of EdR Switzerland. 
In addition, any prosecution for any offense referred to on page 1 of this Agreement that 
is not time-barred by the applicable statute of limitations on the date of the announcement of the 
Swiss Bank Program (August 29, 2013) may be commenced against Edit Switzerland, 
notwithstanding the expiration of the statute of limitations between such date and the 
commencement of such prosecution. For any such prosecutions, EdR Switzerland waives any 
defenses premised upon the expiration of the statute of limitations, as well as any constitutional, 
statutory, or other claim concerning pre-indictment delay and agrees that such waiver is 
knowing, voluntary, and in express reliance upon the advice of EdR Switzerland's counsel. 
It is understood that the terms of this Agreement, do not bind any other federal, state, or 
local prosecuting authorities other than the Department. If requested by EdR Switzerland, the 
Tax Division will, however, bring the cooperation of EdR Switzerland to the attention of such 
other prosecuting offices or regulatory agencies. 
It is further understood that this Agreement and the Statement of Facts attached hereto 
may be disclosed to the public by the Department and EdR Switzerland consistent with Part V.B 
of the Swiss Bank Program. 
EFTA00590339
--- PAGE 7 ---
- 7 - 
This Agreement supersedes all prior understandings, promises and/or conditions between 
the Department and EdR Switzerland. No additional promises, agreements, and conditions have 
been entered into other than those set forth in this Agreement and none will be entered into 
unless in writing and signed by both parties. 
CAROLINE D. CIRAOLO 
Acting Assistant Attorney General 
Tax Division 
THOMAS J. SAWYER 
Senior Counsel for International Tax Matters 
Trial Attorney 
AGREED AND CONSENTED TO: 
EDMOND DE ROTHSCHILD (SUISSE) SA 
By: 
EDMOND DE ROTHSCHILD (LUGANO) SA 
By:  
APPROVED: 
DATE 
DATE 
KATHRYN RUEMMLER 
DATE 
Latham & Watkins LLP 
CHRISTOPHER CLARK 
DATE 
Latham & Watkins LLP 
EFTA00590340

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590341.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590341.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Sat. 07 November 2015 07:00:40 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page I of 4 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing authorization is received. Please contact your 
travel office by 11:59 PM on November 07. or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Tuesday 10 Nov 15 
CITIZENS OF LIECHTENSTEIN MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Class 
Seats 
Lot Polish Airlines 
LO772 
Vilnius. Vilnius 
Warsaw. Frederic Chopin 
01:55 PM 
02:00 PM 
Z Business Class 
1A 
Flight Information 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Hr 5 Mins 
De Havilland Dhc-8 400 Series 
Meals 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Aaival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Lot Polish Airlines 
LO335 
Warsaw. Frederic Chopin 
Pans. Charles De Gaulle 
04:20 PM 
06:45 PM 
Terminal 1 
Z Business Class 
1A 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 25 Mins 
Equipment 
Embraer 195 
Meal 
Meals 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 4 
Itinerary GKGJCL 
'3/4" E R1O:1N 
'EXPRESS 
EFTA00590341
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 o14 
Travel Details 
Thursday 12 Nov 15 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Aniving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Lot Polish Airlines 
L0336 
Paris. Charles De Gaulle 
Warsaw. Frederic Chopin 
07:30 PM 
09:45 PM 
Terminal 1 
Business Class 
1A 
Flight Information 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 15 Mins 
Equipment 
Embner 175 
Meal 
Meals 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Class 
Seats 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Lot Polish Airlines 
L0773 
Warsaw. Frederic Chopin 
Vilnius. Vilnius 
10:35 PM 
12:40 AM / 13 Nov 2015 
Business Class 
2A 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Hr 5 Mins 
De Havilland Dhc-8 400 Series 
Meals 
Non-stop 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
• 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 72 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
• 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
Page 2 of 4 
Itinerary GKGJCL 
A
M
E
R
I
C
A
EXPRESS 
EFTA00590342
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 4 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Roca Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Oaily breakfast fa two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property. such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at zww a menca n exp res s.ccm.fh 
To book your stay, visit arnerIcanexpress.cornrihr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are nor eligible (or upgrade: caff Centurion Travel Service for details 
• Benefits vary by property: cell Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wvnv.allianz.com. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise, accommodations, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includng. without limitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including• but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your tnp regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review "new uisacentratcomrarrox for the most up to date and accurate entryferit rectrirements for your travel 
destnabon. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Air Transportation Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit Mtp://myamextravel.comistatickonditions fa more information. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carnage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid, fireworks. tear gases, oxygen bottles, and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit http:.,,V,ww faacc.i.,abouVinitiativevhazmat safely). 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly. from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations, accidents a 
falures of equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods, climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civi 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents a failures related to the public intemel. telecommunications lines or fat:tidies. or third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you ki finding travel suppliers and maken arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppliers to you and recommendrig specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certan suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to tine may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supporing technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppbers and these arrangements. including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including suppler availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA- This transaction is covered by the Cabfomia Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a clam with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider a such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maxnum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your claim 
and a $35 processen fee. CAaimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel fa matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: www.tcronfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation a other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within dirty (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
Page 3 of 4 
Itinerary GKGJCL 
Z
.L:.'E
'CA
IDG
EFTA00590343
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of 4 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
California CSTa1022318. Washington USW600-469-694, Iowa TA*669. 
Page 4 of 4 
Itinerary GKGJCL 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00590344

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590345.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590345.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 35015758 E-Filed 12/01/2015 03:27:46 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 17TH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR BROWARD 
COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
CASE NO.: CACE 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and 
PAUL G. CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs/Counterclaim Defendants, 
v. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant/Counterclaim Plaintiff. 
NOTICE OF TAKING CONTINUED VIDEO TAPED DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned attorneys will take the video deposition 
of: 
Name and Address 
Date and Time 
Place of Taking 
Paul G. Cassell 
Thursday, 12/17/15 
9:00 am 
Cole, Scott & Kissane 
110 Tower, 110 SE 6ih Street, Suite 2700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Friday, 12/18/15 
9:00 am 
Cole, Scott & Kissane 
110 Tower, 110 SE 6'h Street, Suite 2700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
upon oral examination for purpose of discovery or use as evidence in this action, or for such 
other purposes as authorized under applicable statutes and/or the Florida Rules of Civil 
Procedure, before Esquire Deposition Solutions, Notary Public, or before some other officer 
authorized by law to administer oaths, who is not a relative, employee, attorney, or counsel of 
-1-
EFTA00590345
--- PAGE 2 ---
any of the parties, or a relative, or employee of such attorney or counsel, or financially interested 
in the action, and pursuant to adjoumments, if any, by said office until said testimony shall be 
completed. You are hereby notified to be present at the time and place stated. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and accurate copy of the foregoing was served via 
Electronic Mail through the Court's E-Portal System this 
day of December, 2015 to: Jack 
Scarola, Esq, Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, M., 2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409. 
Respectfully submitted, 
s/ Thomas E. Scott 
Thomas E. Scott 
Florida Bar No. 
Steven R. Safra 
Florida Bar No. 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, 
Cole, Scott & Kissane Building, 14th Floor 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33156 
Phone: (305) 350-5300 
Fax: (305) 373-2294 
Richard A. Sim son 
Mary E. Boria 
Ashley E. Eiler 
WILEY REIN LLP 
1776 K Street NW 
Washington, DC 20006 
Phone: (202) 719-7000 
Fax: (202) 719-7049 
Counsel for Alan M. Dershowitz 
-2-
EFTA00590346

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590347.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590347.pdf
----------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
FIRST•
SECOND: 
FOURTH: 
FIFTH: 
SIXTH-
SEVENTH-
EIGHTH: 
NINTH: 
TENTH-
ELEYENTH: 
TWELFTH; 
THIRTEENTH: 
DISCRETIONARY TRUST 
SEPARATE TRUSTS FOR DESCENDANTS 
MARITAL TRUST 
A 
GUIDELINES AND LIMITATIONS 
POWERS OF APPOINTMENT 
RULE AGAINST PERPETUITIES AND 
ULTIMATE BENEFICIARIES 
POWER TO ACQUIRF 
TRUSTEE PROVISIONS 
TRUSTEE POWERS 
ACCOUNTING
TRUST ADDITIONS 
IRREVOCABILITY 
DEFINITIONS 
FOURTEENTH• SITUS/GOVERNING LAW 
FIFTEENTH: 
PROVISIONS FOR MINORS 
SIXTEENTH: 
TRUSTEE EXCULPATION AND EXONERATION 
SEVENTEENTH:COUNTERPARTS AND EFFECTIVE DATE 
EFTA00590347
--- PAGE 2 ---
THIS—AGREEMEIsiTHECLARATION OF TRUST made as of the 
day of 
, 2013, among LEON D. BLACK of the State of New
Yerk-fitereiftafter-referred-te-as-the
ranteerartd2015 by BARRY J. COHEN; 
RICHARD RESSLER, and JOHN J. HANNAN (hereinafter along with any other 
person, bank or trust company qualifying as additional or successor trustees, referred to 
as the "Trustees"). 
WITNESSETH: 
This AgreementHeclaratiou shall be known as the APEH-
AGREEMEN-TAPOALDECLABATION. 
The Granter-hereby-transfers-to the-Trustees theagree to hold any 
property shown-on-Sehedule-A-annexed-iiereter whieli-propertrihall-be-iield-by-the 
Trastccsthat they receive IN TRUST in accordance with the provisions of this 
AgrcemcntDeclaration. Unless otherwise directed herein, or in the documentation 
directing property to be held in trust under this AgreementAleclaration, the Trustees 
shall hold any such property set-aside-in-mast-in accordance with this-Agreement-shall 
be-governed-MfrClause FIRST. 
FIRST: 
DISCRETIONARY TRUST 
All trust property directed to be disposed of under, or in accordance 
with, this Clause FIRST shall be held by the Trustees IN TRUST (the "Discretionary 
Trust") in accordance with the following provisions: 
(A) 
The Trustees shall pay so much of the income of the 
Discretionary Trust as the Trustees may deem advisable from time to time, in equal or 
unequal shares, to or for the use or benefit of one or more of the-Granterls-wife 
EFTA00590348
--- PAGE 3 ---
poet USMOVISlivi 
DEBRA (as defined in Clause THIRTEENTH) and the Granter-Ls-descendants of 
IRON (as defined in Clause THIRTEENTH) living from time to time, in the 
Trustees' sole and absolute discretion. Any income not directed to be paid for any year 
of the Discretionary Trust shall be accumulated by adding such income to the principal 
of the Discretionary Trust. 
(B) 
At any time and from time to time, the Trustees may pay 
so much of the principal of the Discretionary Trust, in equal or unequal shares, to or 
for the use or benefit of one or more of DEBRA and the efttilief LS- descendants Qf 
LEON living from time to time, in the Trustees' sole and absolute discretion. 
(C) 
In lieu of making a distribution of income and/or principal 
directly to one or more of the Granter's-descendantsofLECIN, as beneficiaries of the 
Discretionary Trust, the Trustees may direct that such income and/or principal so 
distributed be identified by the name of a particular descendant and (i) disposed of 
under Clause SECOND, or (ii) paid to the Trustees of any "Other Trust" as authorized 
by paragraph (D) of Clause FOURTH. 
(D) 
Unless sooner terminated pursuant to the foregoing 
provisions of this Clause FIRST, the Discretionary Trust shall terminate upon the earlier 
to occur of (i) the death of DEBRA and all of the Grantor=s-descendants of
and (ii) the expiration of the period set forth in parapyaph (A) of Clause SIXTH. 
tluon_the termination of the Discretionary Trust, the_remaininz trust property 
shall be divided, per stirpes, for the then living descendants of LEON, and each 
such share so resulting shall be held in trust for the beneficiary for whom such 
EFTA00590349
--- PAGE 4 ---
Dud: USI:101/1641. 4 
share was set apart in accordance with the trust provisions of Clause SECOND 
IfnosucILilescendant isthealvingaheremainingtrusleas 
directed_in_naragraphIBLoMaine_SDCTII, 
SECOND: 
SEPARATE TRUSTS FOR DESCENDANTS 
All trust property directed to be held IN TRUST for a descendant of the 
CrantorLEON under or in accordance with this Clause SECOND shall be held in a 
separate trust (a "Separate Trust") for the benefit of the descendant for whom such 
property was set aside (each such descendant herein referred to as the "Beneficiary" 
with respect to his or her Separate Trust), in accordance with the following provisions: 
(A) 
The Trustees shall pay to or apply for the use or benefit 
of the Beneficiary and his or her descendants so much, including all, of the income of 
his or her Separate Trust as the Trustees, in the Trustees' sole and absolute discretion, 
may deem advisable from time to time. Any income of the Separate Trust not directed 
to be paid for any year of the trust shall be accumulated by adding such income to the 
principal of the Separate Trust. 
(B) 
The Trustees may, in the Trustees' sole and absolute 
discretion, pay to or apply for the use or benefit of the Beneficiary and his or her 
descendants so much, including all, of the principal of his or her Separate Trust as the 
Trustees may deem advisable. 
(C) 
Upon the death of the Beneficiary, the remaining property 
of his or her Separate Trust shall be disposed of as the Beneficiary may appoint by his 
or her last Will duly admitted to probate, in favor of any one or more of the 
EFTA00590350
--- PAGE 5 ---
Doss IIISI:1011S64112 
Granterlal&QEg descendants; provided, however, that subject to the provisions of 
paragraph (D) of Clause FIFTH, the Beneficiary may not appoint any such property in 
favor of himself or herself, his or her estate, his or her creditors or the creditors of his 
or her estate. Any trust property not effectively appointed by the Beneficiary pursuant 
to this paragraph shall be divided, per stirpes, for the Beneficiary's then living 
descendants, or, if the Beneficiary has no then living descendants, per stirpes, for the 
then living descendants of the Beneficiary's nearest ancestor who is either the 
Greftteraali or a descendant of the-GranterLEM, and who has then living 
descendants, or if there be no such descendants, such property shall be divided, per 
stirpes, for the &enter-Is-then living descendants oLLE011- provided, however, each 
share set aside hereunder (other than by exercise of a power of appointment) for a 
descendant of the-GFanteFLEON shall not vest in or be distributed to such descendant, 
but instead shall be held in a Separate Trust for such descendant in accordance with this 
Clause SECOND or if a Separate Trust shall already be in existence for such 
descendant under this Clause SECOND, such share shall be added to such Separate 
Trust. Jf no descendant of LEON is then living the property shall pass as 
directed in paragraph (B) of Clause SIXTH. 
(D) 
Except as set forth in paragraph (E) of Clause FOURTH 
and paragraph (D) of Clause FIFTH, all trust principal set aside for a descendant of the 
GrautecLES)N and directed to be disposed of under or in accordance with this Clause 
SECOND shall be held in a single Separate Trust for such descendant so that there 
shall be only one Separate Trust for such descendant under this Clause SECOND. 
EFTA00590351
--- PAGE 6 ---
Imo: US1:101/5641•1 
(E) 
The er-anter-farTher--autheFizes-and-envewer-s-the 
Trustees, in the Trustees' sole and absolute discretion, are further authorized and 
empowered to retain the trusts under this Clause SECOND in one fund for the purpose 
of investment and reinvestment, crediting each trust with its proportionate share of 
income, profits and appreciation in value, and charging each trust with its proportionate 
share of expenses, losses and diminution in value. This provision is solely for the 
purpose of convenience in administration and nothing contained herein shall destroy the 
individual character of any trust or prevent the release of principal funds upon the 
termination in whole or in part of any trust or the making of discretionary payments 
from the income and/or principal of such trust. 
THIRD: 
MARITAL TRUST 
Any property directed to be held in a separate trust created under this 
Clause THIRD for DEBRA (the "Marital Trust") shall be disposed of in accordance 
with the following provisions: 
(A) 
During the life of DEBRA, the Trustees shall pay to her 
all of the income of the Marital Trust, at least quarter-annually. 
(B) 
At any time and from time to time during the life of 
DEBRA, the Trustees shall pay to or for the benefit of DEBRA so much, including all, 
of the principal of the Marital Trust as the Trustees may deem advisable for her medical 
needs and emergencies. 
(C) 
Upon the death of DEBRA, the remaining principal of the 
Marital Trust shall be disposed of in accordance with Clause FIRST of this Agreement, 
EFTA00590352
--- PAGE 7 ---
Dorf: US1:10iMpill 
or, if no descendant of LEON is then living, in accordance with paragraph (B) of 
Claus SIXTH i f this A reemen 
(D) 
The-Granter-c-eafians-that-hi4 EON'S Executors have the 
absolute discretion to determine whether and to what extent to make an election 
pursuant to Section 2056(b)(7) of the Code, or any successor thereto, and any similar 
statute under state law. The-GfanterLsLEON' Executors may determine to make said 
election or elections with respect to all or any part or none of the Marital Trust created 
under this Clause, all in the Executors' complete discretion. The Grantor suggests to 
his Executors-byty way of illustration and without limiting such Executors' absolute 
authority, that-the-Granter. rIEDN's Executors may consider in making said election 
not only the Federal and state estate tax consequences for the-GranterLsLEON's estate 
but also the Federal and state estate and gift tax consequences for DEBRA which result 
from said election. The determination of the-Granter-LsI.EON's Executors as to 
whether and to what extent to make said election shall be absolute and conclusive, 
regardless of the personal interest any such Executor may have in the consequences of 
such election. The-GramerlsJ.EON's Executors shall not be held liable, responsible or 
accountable, in court or otherwise, to any beneficiary, for the consequences of the 
exercise, the manner of exercise or failure to exercise the power confirmed in this 
Clause. 
(I) 
The Gr 
diir 
that 
yon trust principal 
passing under this Clause which the-GFanterIsLEON's Executors do not elect to qualify 
for the marital deduction shall be held in a separate trust, apart from the principal of the 
EFTA00590353
--- PAGE 8 ---
USI:101)16411i 
trust under this Clause for which an election is made by the-GrantersILEMes 
Executors to qualify for the marital deduction. The-Granter-furtherdireets-that-anyAnz 
trust principal passing under this Clause which the-CaFanterLsI.F.ON's Executors elect to 
qualify for the marital deduction for either state estate tax purposes or Federal estate 
tax purposes, but not both, also shall be held in a separate trust. All such trusts shall 
be administered under this Clause in accordance with the terms above set forth. 
Witheut-impesing-any-legal-ebligation-upon-the—T-Fusteesr the-Gr-antOr-reeeinmenels-that7
inM making discretionary principal payments to DEBRA pursuant to paragraph (B) of 
this Clause, the Trustees max take into account all potential transfer taxes. 
(2) 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the 
contrary: (a) any power, duty or discretionary authority granted to any Trustee 
hereunder (other than the power to make elections under any tax law) shall be 
absolutely void to the extent that the right to exercise such power, duty or authority or 
the exercise thereof would in any way affect, jeopardize or cause the disallowance to 
any trust created under this Clause of all or any part of the tax benefit afforded by the 
marital deduction provisions of Section 2056 of the Code (to the extent so elected by 
the Executors of the-Granter-14.RON's estate), and (b) in the event that any property 
not productive of income shall be held in any Marital Trust under this Clause, upon 
DEBRA's written request, the Trustees shall make such property productive of income 
or shall convert such property to income producing property within a reasonable period 
of time. 
EFTA00590354
--- PAGE 9 ---
pacw USI:103)1641ti 
(3) 
If any part of DEBRA's gross estate for Federal 
tax purposes consists of property which is includible by reason of Section 2044 of the 
Code, relating to certain property for which the marital deduction was allowed in the 
GpaateFIsI.FON's estate, the Executors of DEBRA's estate shall be entitled to recover 
from the Trustees of the Marital Trust created under this Clause the estate taxes 
payable by DEBRA's estate by reason of such inclusion, in accordance with the Code 
and the law of DEBRA's domicile at the time of her death; provided that none of the 
payments shall be made from property which is not included in DEBRA's gross estate 
for Federal estate tax purposes. 
FOURTH: 
GUIDELINES AND LIMITATIONS 
(A) 
(I) 
After taking into account the provisions of 
paragraph (B) of Clause THIRD and paragraph (C) of this Clause FOURTH, in 
exercising the discretionary powers granted to the Trustees to pay principal under any 
trust created hereunder, the Trustees shall have absolute discretion and plenary power 
to pay principal for any reason or purpose whatever, even to the extent of terminating a 
trust by paying all of the principal at any one time. In paying principal, the Trustees 
need not consider the other resources that may be available from any source to the 
beneficiary and may pay principal without regard to the need of the beneficiary therefor. 
The-Granter—suggests-te-the-Trusteesr but-only-byft way of illustration and without 
limiting theirthe Trasten' plenary powers, that—principal may be paid in the Trustees' 
discretion not only to enable a beneficiary to meet the expenses of emergencies or 
illness or medical, dental or nursing care, but also to make up deficiencies in income 
EFTA00590355
--- PAGE 10 ---
Dort USI:103)1641O 
caused by inflation or changes in the beneficiary's cost or style of living; because of the 
burdens of income or estate or gift or generation-skipping transfer ("GST") taxation or 
changes in the tax laws; to enable a beneficiary to obtain the best possible education 
(including graduate and professional training), to take advantage of a business, 
professional or investment opportunity, to assume and meet family responsibilities, 
travel, acquire a dwelling (including a seasonal dwelling or a cooperative apartment), or 
for any other reason whatsoever that the Trustees may have at any time. The Granter 
wishes-te-stfess-that-the-interest of the remaindermen shall be secondary and 
subordinate to the well-being of the income beneficiary or beneficiaries. The judgment 
of the Trustees as to whether, when and to what extent to pay principal of any trust 
shall be absolute and conclusive and no court shall have power under any statute to 
direct payment of principal to any beneficiary or any creditor of a beneficiary. 
(B) 
In exercising the discretionary powers granted to the 
Trustees with respect to the Discretionary Trust and each Separate Trust, after taking 
into account the provisions of paragraph (C) of this Clause FOURTH, in determining 
whether to pay or accumulate income, the Trustees may pay income for any reason or 
purpose, and the Trustees need not consider the other resources that may be available 
from any source to a beneficiary. The Trustees may at any time, in their sole and 
absolute discretion, pay income and/or principal to any one of the eligible beneficiaries, 
exclusively, or to any two or more of such beneficiaries in equal or unequal shares, 
without regard to any prior payments that may have been made by the Trustees. The 
EFTA00590356
--- PAGE 11 ---
Dad: 11S1:101)1641•i 
determinations of the Trustees as to what extent and to whom to pay (or not pay) 
income and principal at any time shall be conclusive. 
(C) 
In exercising the discretionary powers to pay income 
and/or principal to a beneficiary of the Discretionary Trust or a Separate Trust, in 
addition to any other factors the Trustees deem appropriate, the GFanter-requestsr bm 
dees-noi-difeet-er-FequiFer that-the-Trustees gay consider the following factors: 
(I) 
Whether the beneficiary has taken appropriate steps 
to educate and familiarize himself or herself regarding financial matters, asset 
management and estate planning, and whether the beneficiary has reasonable access to 
competent professional advisors. 
(2) 
Whether there is a Pending Matrimonial Action (as 
defined in Clause THIRTEENTH) or Marital Discord (as defined in Clause 
THIRTEENTH) with respect to the beneficiary. 
(3) 
The extent to which the beneficiary is indebted to 
creditors, including former spouses, or otherwise involved in any litigation. 
(4) 
Whether the beneficiary is suffering from a 
psychological or medical condition that may impair the beneficiary's emotional stability, 
regardless of whether the beneficiary is seeking any treatment, either inpatient or 
outpatient. The Trustees may consult with medical personnel as necessary to make the 
determination. 
EFTA00590357
--- PAGE 12 ---
11S1:101/5641O 
(5) 
Whether the beneficiary will use the distributed 
funds to perpetuate a drug or alcohol problem or other negative addictive activities, 
such as gambling. 
(D) 
Subject to paragraph (A) of Clause SIXTH, the-Granter 
specific-ally-authorizes-the Independent Trustees who may participate in decisions with 
respect to distributions from a trust created under any provision of this 
AgrccmcntDeclaratiou (the "Original Trust") are specifically authorizes, in lieu of 
distributing income and/or principal to a beneficiary or beneficiaries of the Original 
Trust (the "Initial Class"), to pay, for any reason or purpose whatsoever, so much, 
including all, of such income and/or principal to one or more existing trusts or new 
trusts to be created or established by any person (including the Trustees) at any time, 
whether with the Trustees of the Original Trust or other trustees, for such beneficiary 
or beneficiaries (an "Other Trust"), in such amounts or proportions, even to the 
exclusion of one or more current or contingent beneficiaries of the Original Trust, as 
said Independent Trustees, with absolute discretion, deem advisable, without notice to 
current or contingent beneficiaries of the Original Trust and without court filings of any 
kind; provided, however, no share of principal from an Original Trust with an inclusion 
ratio (as defined in Section 2642(a)(1) of the Code) of greater than zero shall be added 
to an Other Trust with an inclusion ratio of zero. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) no 
portion of any Original Trust created for the benefit of DEBRA under Clause THIRD 
may be paid to any Other Trust; and (ii) no portion of any Original Trust that would be 
a "qualified subchapter S trust" (as defined in Section 1361(d)(3) of the Code) or an 
EFTA00590358
--- PAGE 13 ---
posh ❑SI:Ini'96i61 
"electing small business trust" (as defined in Section 1361(e)(1) of the Code) from and 
forever after the time, if any, that such Original Trust first holds or is first entitled to 
receive shares of stock of an S corporation (as defined in Section 136I(a) of the Code) 
may be paid to an Other Trust unless such Other Trust also qualifies as a qualified 
subchapter S trust or an electing small business trust. Such Other Trust (i) may include 
a provision granting a power of appointment to a beneficiary of the Original Trust, 
which power may be in favor of a broader or more limited class of permissible 
appointees than any such power granted to such beneficiary under the Original Trust, 
and (ii) may permit the payment of income and/or principal to beneficiaries who are not 
members of the Initial Class but only after the death of the last survivor of the members 
of the Initial Class. 
(E) 
The Trustees are directed to divide property in any trust 
under this Armed -M(12ralion with an inclusion ratio, as defined in Section 
2642(a)(1) of the Code of neither one nor zero into two separate trusts representing 
two fractional shares of the property being divided, one to have an inclusion ratio of 
one (the "nonexempt trust") and the other to have an inclusion ratio of zero (the 
"exempt trust"). Any such separate trust shall have provisions identical to the trust so 
divided. 
(I) 
Without in any way limiting the authority and 
discretion granted to the Trustees by any other provision of this Agreement the 
Graiiter-v.4shes-te-cenfir-m-thatneelaration, in exercising the discretionary powers 
granted to the Trustees to pay principal to a beneficiary from each such separate trust, 
EFTA00590359
--- PAGE 14 ---
Dodh 11S1:101)1641,2 
that—the Trustees may pay principal to such beneficiary exclusively from one of such 
separate trusts or in equal or unequal shares from both of such separate trusts, without 
regard to any prior distributions that have been made by the Trustees from such trust, 
even to the extent of terminating either or both of such separate trusts. 
(2) 
No share of principal of any trust with an inclusion 
ratio (as defined in Section 2642(a)(1) of the Code) greater than zero which is directed 
to be continued in trust at the death of a beneficiary shall be added to a trust with an 
inclusion ratio of zero. 
(F) 
The Independent2004-64 Trustees (as defined in Clause 
THIRTEENTH) shall have the power (but not the obligation), in their sole and absolute 
discretion, to pay to the United States Treasury and any state or local taxing authority, 
such amounts as the-GfaateFLEON or the Grantor's legal representatives of LEON 
shall certify as being required to discharge the-Gfanter  F.ON's tax liability (including 
but not limited to Federal, state or otherwise) in respect of income realized by the trust 
and not distributed to the-GranterrThe-Granter—eenlipras-that-HoLEON. No payment 
under this paragraph shall exceed the difference between (i) the-GranterLsJ.F.ON's 
Federal and state income tax liability and (ii) the-Grartter-14.F.ON's Federal and state 
income tax liability computed as if the trust is not a grantor trust under Sections 671 et. 
seq. of the Code. The Granter—further-eonfiFrastm that there is no 
understanding or pre-existing arrangement, express or implied, between the 
CrantorLFSIN and the Independent2 
Trustees regarding the Independent209464
Trustees' exercise of discretion pursuant to this paragraph or Section 7-1.11 of the 
EFTA00590360
--- PAGE 15 ---
Roth US1:10V16410 
New York Estates, Powers and Trusts Law. The provisions of this paragraph are 
intended to come within the safe harbor provisions of Revenue Ruling 2004-64. 
Accordingly, the discretionary authority granted to the ledependent2ONAA1 Trustees 
under this paragraph and under New York law should not cause the value of the trust 
assets to be includible in the-GFanteF4Y,ON's gross estate. The-Granter-difeets-that 
nen court shall have power under any statute to direct payment under this paragraph. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Independent/illItrE1 
Trustees may at any time and from time to time release the power granted under this 
paragraph. Such release may be for a limited period or under stated conditions or 
indefinitely. 
(G) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement 
the-Graiiter-diFeets-thatDeclaration: 
(1) 
No Trustee hereunder shall have any power or 
discretion, or be deemed to be a Trustee, with respect to payments, applications or 
allotments of income or principal to or for the use or benefit of any person whom such 
Trustee, in his or her individual capacity, is legally obligated to support, if such 
payment, application or allotment would constitute the discharge of any part of such 
Trustee's legal support obligation. 
(2) 
Discretionary powers granted to the Trustees 
hereunder with respect to payments, applications or allotments of the income and/or 
principal of any trust hereunder ("the trust hereunder") to or for the use or benefit of 
any beneficiary thereof shall be exercisable solely by the Trustees other than any Trustee 
EFTA00590361
--- PAGE 16 ---
DotiCUSI:101,56411i 
(i) who has a current beneficial interest in such trust, (ii) who has a beneficial interest in 
the remainder of such trust hereunder that would cause the exercise of such power to 
be treated as a gift by such Trustee for Federal gift tax purposes, (iii) whose disclaimer, 
in his or her individual capacity, resulted in the funding, in whole or in part, of such 
trust hereunder, or (iv) who is a permissible beneficiary of the income and/or principal 
of any other trust, whether created under this AgFeefnentD_telaralion or otherwise 
("such other trust"), if any Trustee of such other trust is a permissible beneficiary of the 
trust hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time there is no Trustee 
qualified and acting for the purpose of exercising such discretionary powers other than 
a Trustee described in (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of the preceding sentence, such powers shall 
nonetheless be exercisable by all the Trustees (subject to any other provision of this 
AgFeenieniPeelaratiou restricting the exercise of such powers), in their discretion, but 
solely for the support and maintenance of such beneficiary in his or her accustomed 
standard of living and for his or her health and education. 
(3) 
No person who may be serving at any time as a 
Trustee shall have any right, power, control or incidents of ownership over any 
insurance policy on such individual's life; if a trust acquires an interest in an insurance 
policy on the life of a Trustee-beneficiary, the Independent Trustees shall exercise all 
such rights, powers, control and incidents of ownership over such policy. 
(H) 
The-Graii4er-heretufreenfircas-thai-itlf any trust owns an 
interest in a limited liability company, partnership, corporation or other business 
arrangement, the Trustees shall be bound by the provisions of any operating agreement, 
EFTA00590362
--- PAGE 17 ---
Datih 11S1:10V564Ivi 
partnership agreement, shareholders' agreement or other agreement governing or 
otherwise effecting such limited liability company, partnership, corporation other 
business arrangement. 
FIFTH: 
POWERS OF APPOINTMENT 
(A) 
No testamentary power of appointment granted by the 
provisions of this AgfeemeatIkdaration shall be deemed to have been exercised unless 
the donee of the power specifically identifies the power in his or her Will dill% 
admitted to probate and expressly exercises the power. In the absence of such 
identification of the power and express exercise, the power of appointment shall not be 
deemed to be exercised. 
(B) 
The donee of any power of appointment may appoint in 
favor of one beneficiary exclusively, or in favor of two or more beneficiaries in equal or 
unequal shares. In exercising the power, the donee may appoint outright or in trust and 
may grant further powers to appoint, but no such further power of appointment may be 
exercised to postpone the vesting of any interest or to suspend the power of alienation 
for a period beyond that which is permitted by law as described in paragraph (M of 
Clause SIXTH. Appointments in trust shall be administered by such Trustees or 
Trustee as the donee may designate, subject to the management and investment powers 
granted by this Agreementnerlaration or such other and different management and 
investment powers that the donee may grant; and the donee may direct that an 
appointed trust shall have a situs outside of New York and shall be governed by the 
law of the appointed situs. 
EFTA00590363
--- PAGE 18 ---
IISI:101/5641•1 
(C) 
Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in this 
AgreementDeclaration: No donee of a power of appointment shall have the right to 
direct the disposition of any trust property consisting of an insurance policy on the life 
of the donee. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in this 
AgfeementDtdaratiow the Independent Trustees are authorized and empowered to 
expand the power of appointment granted under Clause SECOND as provided in this 
paragraph. Such power of appointment, in the sole discretion of the Independent 
Trustees, may be expanded so that such beneficiary may exercise a testamentary general 
power of appointment (within the meaning of Section 2041 of the Code) over all or a 
part of the trust to which the power relates (including a pecuniary sum). The scope of 
any such expanded power of appointment may be as expansive or limited as the 
Independent Trustees, in their sole and absolute discretion, may determine. Any power 
thus expanded may be made exercisable by such beneficiary solely under his or her last 
Will duly admitted to probate. If the Independent Trustees so expand any such power, 
the Independent Trustees may revoke such expanded (general) power, may again 
expand the power after a revocation, and in expanding any power, may make the 
exercise of such expanded (general) power require the consent of the Independent 
Trustees then in office. Without limiting the Independent Trustees' absolute discretion 
hereunder, it is anticipated that the Independent Trustees' authority under this 
paragraph will be used only if doing so will reduce GST taxes more than it increases 
estate taxes, and otherwise does not create an adverse result for the beneficiary's estate. 
EFTA00590364
--- PAGE 19 ---
pod: IIS1:10V5641O 
If a power over a portion of any such trust is expanded, such trust shall be divided into 
corresponding fractional shares constituting separate trusts of which one shall be subject 
to the expanded (general) power and the other not. The Independent Trustees are 
authorized to release irrevocably the right to expand a power of appointment or revoke 
an expanded (general) power of appointment and consent to the exercise of an 
expanded power by an acknowledged instrument in writing. Nothing herein shall be 
construed as requiring the Independent Trustees to expand the power of appointment 
granted to the beneficiary so he or she has a general power of appointment. In the 
event that the Independent Trustees expand any such power of appointment so that 
such beneficiary may exercise a general power of appointment, that power shall be 
deemed to have been exercised only if such beneficiary specifically identifies the power 
in his or her last Will duly admitted to probate and expressly exercises the power, and 
in the absence of such identification of the power and express exercise, said power of 
appointment (if any) shall be deemed to be unexercised. Nothing herein shall be 
construed as granting the Independent Trustees the authority to revoke any special 
(limited) power of appointment granted to the beneficiary of any trust hereunder. 
SIXTH: 
RULE AGAINST PERPETUITIES AND ULTIMATF 
BENEFICIARIES 
LAI 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this 
AgrecmcniDeclaration: With respect to each trust created under this 
AgreementDeelaratiou and any Other Trust to which property of any Original Trust is 
distributed pursuant to paragraph (D) of Clause FOURTH of this 
AgreementDeclaration, unless such trust shall earlier terminate pursuant to the 
ii
EFTA00590365
--- PAGE 20 ---
Dal: MI:10111641Q 
provisions governing the disposition of such trust, it shall terminate upon the expiration 
of twenty-one (21) years after the death of the last survivor of DEBRA-and-the 
er-antecls-c-hildren, BENJAMIN ELI BLACK, JOSHUA MAX BLACK, ALEXANDER 
SAMUEL BLACK, and VICTORIA RACHEL BLACK. With respect to any trust 
created under Clause FIRST, upon such termination the remaining principal of such 
trust shall pass, per stirpes, to the then living descendants of the-CmantezLEON. With 
respect to any trust under Clause SECOND, upon such termination the remaining 
principal of such trust shall pass to the Beneficiary thereof. With respect to any Other 
Trust, upon such termination the remaining principal of such trust shall be disposed of 
in accordance with the provisions of the instrument governing such Other Trust. 
(B) 
Any property directed to pass in accordance with the 
provisions of this paragraph (B) of Clause SIXTH shall pass to the LEON 
BLACK FAMILY FOUNDATION. INC., New York, New York, or its successor(s) 
(the "Foundation"), if it is then in existence and is then a Qualified Charitable 
Organization, as defined in Clause THIRTEENTH, or if is not then in existence 
Qualified Charitable Organizations AC the Tnistees, in their discretion, shall select, 
including any Qualified Charitable Organizations as are then in existence or as 
the Trustees shall create upon the tenningtiorittke Discretioary Trust. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any funds distributed to the Foundation shall be 
set aside in a separate account (the "Segregated Fund") over which LEON shall 
have no powers with respect to investments, distributions or otherwise, so long as 
EFTA00590366
--- PAGE 21 ---
DoeC MI:10315641v* 
LEON is living. The Segregated Fund cannot be used to satisfy pledg 
• 
commitments of the Foundation. Rather, the Segregated Fund must be operated 
as a distinct fund, without any control by LEON. As such, the Segregated Lund 
gill be analyzed independent from the other funds in the Foundation in satisfying 
the annual minimum distribution requirements under Section 4942 of the Code. 
SEVENTH: 
POWER TO REAGQUIREA_C_O_UIRE 
Except as otherwise provided below, the-GranterLEM at any time or 
from time to time may acquire or reacquire any portion of any trust hereunder by 
substituting therefor other property of an equivalent value, valued on the date of 
substitution. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement- the 
GrantorDeclaration, LEON may exercise this power without the consent of the 
Trustees. Although this power is exercisable by the-GfalitOFLEM in a non-fiduciary 
capacity without the consent of any of the Trustees, the Independent Trustees, if they 
believe that the property the CrantorLEON seeks to substitute for trust property is not 
in fact property of equivalent value, shall seek a determination by a court of competent 
jurisdiction to assure that the equivalent value requirement of this Clause is satisfied. If 
no Independent Trustee is then serving, upon the exercise of this power by the 
GrantoraQN, the Trustees shall appoint an Independent Trustee in accordance with 
subparagraph (C)(1) of Clause EIGHTH. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
GrapterLEON may not exercise his power under this Clause in such a manner that may 
shift benefits among the trust beneficiaries within the meaning of Revenue Ruling 2008-
and Revenue Ruling 2011-28, and further may not exercise this power to acquire or 
EFTA00590367
--- PAGE 22 ---
Dial 11Si:10115641Q 
reacquire shares of voting stock of a controlled corporation (within the meaning of 
Section 2036(b) of the Code). The-GrantorLEON may at any time and from time to 
time release, in whole or in part, the powers retained by him under this Clause 
SEVENTH with respect to any trust hereunder. Such release may be for a limited 
period or under stated conditions or indefmitely. Such release shall be made by an 
instrument in writing signed by tise-GranterLEO/s/ and delivered to the Trustees of the 
trust with respect to which the release applies. 
EIGHTH: 
TRUSTEE PROVISIONS 
(A) 
(I) 
BARRY J. COHEN,RIGHARD-RESSLER, and 
JOHN J. HANNAN shall serve as Trustees of the Discretionary Trust and each 
Separate Trust. 
(2) 
BARRY J. COHEN,
 and 
DEBRA R. BLACK shall serve as Trustees of the Marital Trust. 
(3) 
Upon -the-GrantorLsj.,EON' death: 
(a) DEBRA R. BLACK shall serve as an additional 
Trustee of the Discretionary Trust. 
(b) If a Separate Trust has been created for a 
Beneficiary, such Beneficiary, upon attaining the age of thirty-five (35) years, shall serve 
as a co-Trustee of his or her Separate Trust. 
(4) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Granter 
eonfirms-that-the-acting Trustees of the Discretionary Trust and/or a Separate Trust, 
pursuant to subparagraph (C)(1) of this Clause, are authorized to appoint (i) one or 
EFTA00590368
--- PAGE 23 ---
Doti: US1:103)16411,1 
more children of the-Grenteda(a to serve as additional Trustees of the Discretionary 
Trust, and (i) a child of the-GranteFLEON to serve as an additional Trustee of his or 
her Separate Trust, at such earlier time as they deem advisable, whether during the 
Grantor'ILEON's life or after his death. 
(B) 
(4-) 
lf-RIGHARD-RESSLER-eeases-te-seFve-as 
Trustee-ef-any4r-est-hereenderr  Alt4-T-O14-Y—RBSSLBR-shall-sefve-as—T-r-ustee-ef-sueh 
tfust-in-his-place, 
(2B) 
With respect to the Marital Trust, if BARRY J. COHEN 
ceases to serve as Trustee, JOHN J. HANNAN shall serve as Trustee in his place. 
(C) 
(I) 
Subject to the sueeesserestwassur named in 
paragraph (B) of this Clause, each individual serving from time to time as a Trustee 
(including each individual who may be appointed pursuant to this paragraph) may 
appoint any person (other than the-Cer-anteFLEOLI or any ether--donor to the trust) or 
bank or trust company to serve as his or her successor Trustee of any trust. In 
addition, the individual or individuals serving at any time as Trustees, acting 
unanimously if more than one is serving, may appoint any person (other than the 
GrantedsEQN or any ether-donor to the trust) or bank or trust company to serve as an 
additional Trustee. Appointments shall be by instrument filed with the Trustees then in 
office. Notwithstanding the foregoing: No more than eight (8) Trustees of the 
Discretionary Trust and no more than five (5) Trustees of any Separate Trust or the 
Marital Trust shall serve at any time; no appointment of a bank or trust company shall 
EFTA00590369
--- PAGE 24 ---
DaNCIIS12101,56410 
be effective if a corporate fiduciary is already serving as a Trustee; and there always 
must be act least one (1) Independent Trustee in office. 
(2) 
If a vacancy in the office of Trustee occurs which 
is not filled in accordance with the preceding provisions of this paragraph (C) of this 
Clause, such individual (other than the-CirantefLEON or any ether donor to the trust), 
or bank, or trust company (or such series of individuals, or banks, or trust companies) 
shall become Trustee as is or was designated (i) by the-GrentedsEcel, or, if he is not 
living or is unable to make and has not theretofore made such designation, (ii) by a 
majority of the adult current permissible beneficiaries of such trust, or, if no beneficiary 
is an adult, (iii) by a majority of the guardians of any minor beneficiaries then living; 
provided, however, that such designation by the-CeranterLECIN under this paragraph 
shall only be effective so long as the designated successor Trustee is not related or 
subordinate to the-Granter-er-any-benefielacy-heretinderLE_QN within the meaning of 
Section 672(c) of the Code. 
(D) 
Any designation made under the provisions of paragraphs 
(C) or (Q) of this Clause shall be made by a signed instrument mailed or delivered to 
any Trustee hereunder or to the Trustee designated therein. At any time before any 
such designation becomes effective, it may be revoked in similar manner by the 
individual or individuals who made it. Any designation hereunder shall become 
effective at the time specified in the instrument of designation. 
(E) 
No Trustee, including any who is appointed under the 
provisions of this Clause, and regardless of the State of residence of such Trustee, shall 
II
EFTA00590370
--- PAGE 25 ---
USI:101)1641%1
be required to give any bond or other security for any purpose in any jurisdiction, 
including any bond that would otherwise be required for the return of any commissions 
of a Trustee. 
(F) 
Any Trustee of any trust may resign, by instrument in 
writing filed with the other Trustees then in office or if no co-Trustee be in office, to 
the Trustee who succeeds such resigning Trustee pursuant to the foregoing provisions 
of this AgrccmcntDeclaration• 
(G) 
( I) 
Except as otherwise provided in this 
AgreementDeclaratiog, decisions of the Trustees of each trust hereunder shall be made 
by majority vote of the Trustees of such trust (or by unanimous vote if only two 
Trustees are acting). 
(2) 
With respect to the Discretionary Trust, so long as 
two (2) or more children of the-GfantefLESIN are acting as Trustees, the children of 
the-er-antefLEON who are then acting as Trustees, collectively, shall be deemed to 
have two (2) votes (so that each such child individually may exercise an equal fractional 
portion thereof) with regard to all decisions and actions that they, as Trustees of the 
Discretionary Trust, are authorized to undertake pursuant to the terms of this 
AgreernentDerlaratiou If at any time only one child of the-GfanterLEUN is acting as 
a Trustee of the Discretionary Trust, such child shall have one (1) vote with regard to 
all decisions and actions that such child, as Trustee of the Discretionary Trust, is 
authorized to undertake pursuant to the terms of this AffeemeniDeclaration. 
EFTA00590371
--- PAGE 26 ---
Dolt IISLIOVI641•1 
(H) 
Any Trustee may, by revocable power of attorney, 
delegate to one or more of the co-Trustees then in office the full exercise of all or any 
powers granted by any provision of this Agreementneelaration to the Trustees, 
provided, however, that no discretionary power may be delegated to a Trustee who is 
specifically precluded by law or by the provisions of this AgFeementDtclaration from 
participating in the exercise of such power. 
(I) 
All management and investment powers shall remain 
exercisable until distribution of every trust has been completed. 
(J) 
The Trustees, by written unanimous consent if more than 
one Trustee is serving, may authorize any individual, including, but not limited, to any 
of the Trustees serving at any time, to perform ministerial acts on behalf of any trust 
created hereunder once the Trustees have reached a decision, including signing checks 
or instruments of transfer or giving instructions for the purchase or sale of securities or 
performing other ministerial acts on behalf of all of the Trustees. 
(K) 
The account of a resigning Trustee and the account of a 
deceased Trustee may be settled by the other Trustees then in office, or if no co-
Trustee be in office, then by the Trustee who may succeed such resigning Trustee 
pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Agreementpeelaratiog. 
(L) 
No Trustee shall be required to render in court annual or 
periodic accounts. 
(M) 
Persons dealing with the Trustees need not inquire 
concerning the validity of anything done by the Trustees or anything the Trustees 
EFTA00590372
--- PAGE 27 ---
pat USI:101)1641O 
purport to do or the application of any money paid or property transferred to or upon 
the order of the Trustees, but may act without further inquiry in accordance with the 
writings signed by the Trustees. All persons dealing with the Trustees may act on the 
assumption that a trust is still in existence until they receive actual notice of its 
termination. 
(N) 
Parties dealing with the Trustees may rely upon a copy of 
this AgreementDeclaration that is certified by a Notary Public to be a true copy. 
(0) 
In any proceeding relating to any trust created under this 
AgreementDeclaratiou, where a party to such proceeding has the same interest as a 
person under a disability, it shall not be necessary to serve with process the person who 
is under a disability. 
The Trustees hereunder may enter into transactions with 
the Executors of an estate or the Trustees of another trust and purchase or in any other 
manner acquire property from such estate or such other trust, even though a Trustee 
hereunder may also be acting as the Executor of such estate or Trustee of such other 
trust, provided that any such purchase is for full fair market value in money or money's 
worth. 
(Q) 
(1) 
The-GrantetLEON shall have the power to 
remove a Trustee, with or without cause, by delivering notice to the Trustee and 
appointing a successor Trustee; provided, however, that such authority shall be effective 
if, and only if, the-rafanteFLESIN appoints a successor Trustee (other than himself) who 
is not related or subordinate to the CrantorLEDN within the meaning of Section 672(c) 
EFTA00590373
--- PAGE 28 ---
poet UM:103)164W 
of the Code, and such designated successor so qualifies as Trustee. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Granted/ON 
may not exercise the 
power to remove a Trustee because of such Trustee's exercise or failure to exercise a 
power which, if held by the-GfanteFLEIIN, would result in any portion of the trust 
being included in the-GFanteALF,ON's gross estate for Federal estate tax purposes. 
The-gFamecidiplti may at any time release the powers granted under this subparagraph 
(Q)(1)• 
(2) 
Upon the-GranferlsJ,RON's death, Incapacity (as 
defined in Clause THIRTEENTH) or release of the power referred to in subparagraph 
(Q)(1) above, each Beneficiary, upon attaining the age of forty (40) years, shall have 
the power to remove a Trustee of his or her Separate Trust, with or without cause, by 
delivering a signed written instrument to the Trustee being so removed and appointing a 
successor Trustee; provided, however, that such authority shall be effective only if: (i) 
such Beneficiary appoints a successor Trustee (other than himself) who is not related or 
subordinate to him or her within the meaning of Section 672(c) of the Code (as 
amended from time to time) and (ii) such successor qualifies as Trustee. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Beneficiary shall exercise his or her power to remove 
a Trustee because of such Trustee's exercise or failure to exercise a power which, if 
held by such Beneficiary, would result in any portion of the trust being included in his 
or her gross estate for Federal estate tax purposes. Each Beneficiary may at any time 
release the powers granted to him or her under this subparagraph (Q)(2). 
EFTA00590374
--- PAGE 29 ---
Dad: USI:iosfawi.t 
(R) 
(I) 
Subject to subparagraph (R)(2) of this Clause 
EIGHTH, no individual may receive compensation for his or her services as Trustee of 
the Discretionary Trust, the Marital Trust and/or any Separate Trust (but shall 
nevertheless be entitled to reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred in 
connection with the administration of any trust created hereunder). 
(2) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, within thirty (30) 
days of a trust's fiscal year end, an individual (other than any beneficiary hereunder) 
serving as Trustee hereunder files with the-GranferLEMI, or if the-Gritnfedifill is 
Incapacitated or is not living, with the other acting Trustees, a written notice whereby 
such individual elects to receive compensation for his services as Trustee for the trust's 
forthcoming fiscal year, such individual shall be compensated in the following manner: 
(a) 
Any individual (other than any beneficiary 
hereunder) serving as Trustee of the Discretionary Trust, the Marital Trust and/or any 
Separate Trust, for his or her collective services as Trustee of such trusts and of any 
ether trusts created by the-GfanterLEON, shall be entitled to receive, in the aggregate, 
compensation equal to the lesser of (i) one-third (1/3) of the annual statutory 
commissions to which a sole individual Trustee would be entitled to receive under New 
York law as compensation for services rendered in acting as a Trustee, and (ii) the sum 
of Four Hundred Thousand Dollars ($400,000) per year, as prorated for any partial year 
and as adjusted to reflect the increase (but not the decrease), if any, in the cost of living 
during the period between January 2013 and the first day of each taxable year of the 
trust. 
EFTA00590375
--- PAGE 30 ---
pea: ISI:10i1S641•1 
(b) 
The foregoing increases in the cost of 
living, if any, shall be measured by reference to the percent change in the Consumer 
Price Index for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) — the "all items" expenditure category, 
not seasonally adjusted — as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the United 
States Department of Labor (the "Index"), or if the Index is discontinued, such other 
generally recognized inflation index as the Trustees, in their discretion, select. 
(c) 
The individual Trustees shall not be entitled 
to paying commissions. 
(3) 
The Granter-eeafinns-that-nobla beneficiary 
hereunder (including, without limitation, DEBRA with respect to the Marital Trust, 
DEBRA and the-Gr-anterILEON's children with respect to the Discretionary Trust, 
and the Beneficiary with respect to any Separate Trust) shall be entitled to receive any 
compensation, by way of commissions or otherwise, for acting as a Trustee hereunder 
(but shall nevertheless be entitled to reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred in 
connection with the administration of such trust). The qualification of any beneficiary 
hereunder so to act as a Trustee shall be deemed a waiver of any right to commission 
or other compensation. 
(4) 
The qualification of any individual as Trustee shall 
be deemed an acceptance of the foregoing provisions. 
NINTH: 
TRUSTEE POWERS 
In addition to the powers granted by law and by any other provision of 
this Agreementr  the-Granter-grantselantion, the Trustees shall have nth power 
EFTA00590376
--- PAGE 31 ---
pod% USPI0V5641O 
to do everything in administering the trusts that they deem advisable, to the full extent 
that an individual owning property would have and without prior court authority, 
including the power: 
(A) 
To retain so long as the Trustees may deem advisable, and 
to acquire by purchase or in any other manner, any kind of real property and personal 
property, or undivided interests therein, including (without limitation) mortgages, bonds, 
notes, debentures, certificates of deposit, options, puts, calls, futures, forwards and 
other derivative investments, warrants, partnerships, common and preferred stocks, and 
shares or interests in investment trusts, mutual funds (including without limitation trusts 
or funds for which any corporate Trustee hereunder or any affiliate thereof acts as 
investment advisor or performs custody or any other services, in which case such 
corporate Trustee or affiliate may be compensated for such services in addition to the 
compensation of such corporate Trustee as a fiduciary hereunder), common trust funds, 
and property which is outside of New York or the United States -- all without 
diversification as to kind or amount, and without being limited to investments 
authorized by law for the investment of trust funds. 14-is-alse-the-Gr-altells- 
•h
theme Trustees may, in their sole and absolute discretion, make different investments 
for the trusts under this AgreementDerlaration. The Trustees are specifically 
authorized to retain, or to purchase and retain, any real property or personal property in 
any trust hereunder, for the use, possession or enjoyment of any beneficiary of such 
trust and to utilize the income and principal of any such trust for purposes of 
maintaining the same, including without limitation, for payment of all taxes, 
EFTA00590377
--- PAGE 32 ---
USI:103)164Ivi 
assessments, expense of fuel, gas and electricity, water rents and all expenses of 
maintenance, cleaning, framing, restoration and repair. The Trustees shall not incur any 
liability or accountability for the loss, destruction, impairment, deterioration, waste, 
damage or injury to any such property. The Trustees are specifically authorized to 
continue to hold such property even though such property shall fail to appreciate or 
shall depreciate in value. 
(B) 
To hold any property of any kind, whether real or 
personal, at any time held hereunder in the name of nominee or nominees, or in the 
name of any corporate Trustee without disclosing any fiduciary capacity, and to hold 
any such personal property in any State; and to receive and keep any stocks, bonds or 
other securities unregistered or in such condition that title thereto will pass by delivery. 
(C) 
To exercise any and all of the powers, authorities and 
discretion conferred hereunder in respect of any securities of any corporate Trustee 
acting hereunder, or in respect of any securities of any holding company or corporation 
owning securities of any corporate Trustee acting hereunder. 
(D) 
To sell for cash or on credit (at public or private sale), 
exchange, mortgage, lease for any period (either as landlord or tenant and including 
renewals of the term) and modify, extend or cancel leases, grant options, or otherwise 
dispose of or deal with any real or personal property, all regardless of statutory 
restrictions or the probable duration of any trust, in such manner and upon such terms 
and conditions as the Trustees may deem advisable and without first obtaining a court 
order; to erect, renovate or alter buildings or otherwise improve and manage buildings 
EFTA00590378
--- PAGE 33 ---
Dos: lisidovisati 
and property; demolish buildings; make ordinary and extraordinary repairs; grant 
easements and make party wall contracts; dedicate roads; subdivide; adjust boundary 
lines and partition; and to do everything with respect to interests in any property that 
any individual owner may do. 
(E) 
To distribute in kind or in money, or partly in each, even 
if distributed shares be composed differently, and for such purposes the Trustees' 
allocations and determinations shall be given effect if reasonably made. 
(F) 
To apply any income or principal of any trust hereunder 
that is payable to a minor or any person who in the judgment of the Trustees is 
incapable of making proper disposition thereof, by payments on behalf of the beneficiary 
to anyone with whom the beneficiary resides (other than a donor of such trust) and/or 
by payments in discharge of the beneficiary's bills — all without regard to other 
resources of the beneficiary, without the intervention of any guardian or committee or 
like fiduciary, and without obligation to see to the further application thereof. 
(G) 
To employ (either directly or indirectly through an 
investment in any mutual fund or other management type investment company or trust) 
investment counsel, accountants, depositories, custodians, brokers, consultants, agents, 
attorneys and other employees, irrespective of whether any person, firm or entity so 
employed shall be a Trustee hereunder or shall be an affiliate of a Trustee hereunder 
and irrespective of whether any firm or entity so employed shall be one in which a 
Trustee hereunder shall be a partner, stockholder, director, officer, member or affiliate 
or shall have any interest (and in the case of any affiliated securities broker, such broker 
EFTA00590379
--- PAGE 34 ---
DanNI IISI:101)164Ivi 
is hereby authorized to act as the counterparty in risldess principal transactions with any 
trust hereunder and, if such affiliated broker is a specialist or market-maker with respect 
to one or more particular securities, otherwise to purchase from or sell to any trust 
hereunder any of such securities at the then prevailing market price), to delegate to 
investment counsel the power to make investment determinations hereunder, including 
without limitation determinations as to the acquisition, retention or disposition of any 
asset or assets, by purchase, sale or otherwise, and to pay the usual compensation for 
any of the foregoing services out of principal or income as may be deemed advisable; 
and such compensation (including without limitation any fees charged or compensation 
paid by any mutual fund or other management type investment company or trust for 
services rendered by any Trustee or affiliate of a Trustee hereunder acting as investment 
advisor, custodian, transfer agent, registrar, sponsor, distributor, manager or other 
provider of services to such entity) may be paid without diminution of or charging the 
same against the commissions or compensation of any Trustee hereunder; and any 
Trustee who shall be a partner, stockholder, director, officer, member or affiliate in any 
such firm or entity shall nevertheless be entitled as partner, stockholder, director, 
officer, member or affiliate to receive such Trustee's share of the compensation paid to 
such firm or entity. 
(H) 
To renew, assign, modify, extend, compromise, abandon 
or release, with or without consideration, or submit to arbitration, obligations or claims 
held by or asserted against the Trustees or which affect trust assets, all as the Trustees 
may deem advisable. 
EFTA00590380
--- PAGE 35 ---
IISLIOVI641•1 
(I) 
To borrow, with sole and absolute discretion and without 
the order or approval of any court, such sums of money at any time and from time to 
time for such periods of time upon such terms and conditions from such persons or 
corporations (including any Trustee hereunder or any affiliate thereof) for such purposes 
as may be deemed advisable, and to secure such loans by the pledge or hypothecation 
of any property held hereunder; and the lender shall have no obligation to inquire as to 
the application of the sums loaned or as to the necessity, expediency or propriety of the 
loan. 
(J) 
To make loans to any beneficiary who is currently eligible 
to receive income from a trust and to entities in which a trust hereunder has an interest 
for any purpose which in the opinion of the Trustees will benefit the beneficiaries or 
facilitate the administration of any trust hereunder, in such amounts, for such periods 
and upon such terms, with or without interest (but only if the loan is to a beneficiary), 
with or without security, or to pledge trust property for loans made to such 
beneficiaries and entities from any source, all as the Trustees may determine in the 
Trustees' sole and absolute discretionrThe-Granter-direemaxixided, however, that 
only those Trustees who may participate in decisions with respect to distributions shall 
have the right to participate in any decision to make suet-loans to any beneficiary. 
To exercise any options, privileges or rights of any nature 
which may be granted to or exercisable by the holders of any property which forms a 
part of any trust hereunder. 
EFTA00590381
--- PAGE 36 ---
tom: IISI:10V5641O 
(L) 
To invest, maintain and continue an interest or investment 
in any business or venture or entity for such period as the Trustees may deem advisable, 
in the most advantageous form, as the Trustees may determine from time to time. 
Without limiting the scope of their authority and only by way of illustrationr tlie 
Granter-dims-that: The Trustees are authorized to invest additional trust assets in, 
and lend trust assets to, and to guarantee the obligations of, and to pledge trust assets 
to secure the obligations of, any such business or venture or entity, upon such terms as 
the Trustees deem advisable. The Trustees are authorized to incorporate any business 
or venture, to reorganize and recapitalize any incorporated business and issue new 
shares of stock, upon such terms and conditions as the Trustees deem advisable; to 
liquidate any such corporation in whole or in part; to organize subsidiaries and parent 
holding companies of any such corporation; and to merge or consolidate any such 
corporation with any other corporation. The Trustees are authorized to conduct any 
such business or venture in partnership form (as general or limited partners) or as a 
limited liability company (whether as managers or members), upon such terms and 
conditions as they may deem advisable. The Trustees are authorized to serve as 
officers, directors, employees or agents of any such business or venture or entity and to 
receive compensation for their services, in addition to their commissions as Trustees 
under this AgFeementneekiration The Trustees are authorized to engage others to 
serve as officers, directors, employees and agents of any such business, venture or 
entity upon such terms as the Trustees may deem advisable. In general the Trustees are 
authorized to do everything in respect of the conduct of any such business or venture 
EFTA00590382
--- PAGE 37 ---
Dort USLIOVI641%1 
or entity that any individual could do. If any such Trustee is personally interested in 
the business or venture or entity, such Trustee shall not be bound or responsible under 
the usual rules concerning divided loyalty and self-dealing. In their accounting the 
Trustees need not show in detail the transactions of any such business or venture or 
entity but may merely show the investment which any trust has in any such business or 
venture or entity at relevant times and dates. 
(M) 
To remove, transfer or deposit any of the personal 
property forming part of any of the trusts to any place in the world as the Trustees may 
deem advisable for safekeeping thereof, for the investment thereof, or for any other 
reason that the Trustees may deem advisable, without bond and without prior court 
approval, including the power to shift the situs of any trust to another state or country 
(or a sub-division thereof) in accordance with the provisions of Clause FOURTEENTH 
of this AgreementDeclaration, if, in the judgment of the Trustees, such shift in situs 
would benefit the beneficiaries. 
(N) 
To acquire and exercise any options, privileges or rights 
of any nature which may be granted to or exercisable by the holders of any property 
which forms a part of the trust or sell any subscription or other rights or allow any 
such rights to expire or lapse. 
(0) 
To enter into voting trusts and use and rely on proxies 
and committees in respect of corporate matters; to assent to or participate in any 
reorganization, readjustment, consolidation, merger, dissolution, sale or purchase of 
assets, or similar proceedings, by any corporation whose securities or obligations or 
3.§ 
EFTA00590383
--- PAGE 38 ---
Daft 11$1:101,5641vi 
rights shall be held hereunder; to consent to any contract, mortgage or other action by 
any corporation; to deposit securities or evidences of rights or interests or obligations 
under any agreement or plan for the protection of holders of securities and become a 
party to any such agreement or plan; and to participate in the reorganization of any 
corporation and pay any assessment or other expenses. 
(P) 
To receive a substantial number of shares of one or more 
corporations or a substantial interest in one or more limited liability companies or 
partnerships or other unincorporated enterprises from the Crantoranother trust or any 
other source. The GFanter-inteFals-that-the-Trustees may retain such stock or interest 
for such period as they deem advisable — all in their sole and absolute discretion and 
without regard to rules concerning diversification of investments or theories or 
principles of investment for fiduciaries. In exercising their discretion, the Trustees shall 
be free to act without regard to any personal holdings they may have in said 
corporation, limited liability company, partnership or enterprise or the affiliation or 
association of any nature which they may have to said corporation, limited liability 
company, partnership or enterprise. It-is-the-Gratiter-s-tntention-that-thelhg Trustees 
shall be free to exercise their judgment without regard to the usual rules concerning 
divided loyalty or self-dealing. The-Grtatter-herebreonfirnts-that7
notwithstandingNotwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, in all 
cases, the Trustees illkiiii-eefeise-reasenable-eacerdeligenee-aad-pfadenee,may  not act 
fraudulently in fact (as distinguished from any imputed, constructive or assumed 
EFTA00590384
--- PAGE 39 ---
icy: Usi:loavawi,1 
fraud) or in deliberate, willful and intentional disregard of the interests of the 
beneficiaries 
(Q) 
To deal with interests the trust may have in oil, natural 
gas, minerals, and all other natural resources and rights to and interests therein 
(together with all equipment pertaining thereto) including, without limiting the generality 
of the foregoing, oil and gas royalties, leases, or other oil and gas interests of any 
character, whether owned in fee, as lessee, lessor, licensee, concessionaire or otherwise, 
or alone or jointly with others as partner, joint tenant, or joint venturer or in any other 
noncorporate manner. 
(R) 
To allow one or more beneficiaries to use, possess, enjoy 
or occupy any residential property or personal property owned by the Trust-trust to the 
exclusion of any one or more or all of the other beneficiaries, whether or not such 
beneficiary is charged rent. The Grantor dircctsLoroyided, however, that only the 
independent Trustees who may participate in decisions with respect to distributions shall 
have the right to participate in any decision to allow a beneficiary to use, possess, enjoy 
or occupy any residential property or personal property rent-free or at a below-market 
rent. 
(S) 
To sell any securities held by the Trustees, to register the 
same under the Securities Act of 1933 or any other United States Federal securities law 
or to register or qualify any such securities for sale under any state securities law, and 
to do all acts which they may deem advisable for that purpose, including (without 
limitation) to enter into any agreements with underwriters, and with the corporation 
EFTA00590385
--- PAGE 40 ---
11S1:10V5641O 
securities of which are being sold, which they shall deem advisable, to make such 
representations and warranties, assume such obligations and engage in such 
undertakings of indemnity as they may deem proper (or to make such other 
arrangements concerning the same, including without limitation the purchase of an 
insurance policy or policies, charging the cost thereof to the principal of the trust 
holding such securities), to create escrows, to enter into custody agreements, and in any 
case in which it becomes advisable for them to enter into any agreement containing 
representations or undertakings which, but for qualifying terms of the agreement, would 
render them personally liable therefor, at their option, to enter into and execute any 
such agreement in their official capacities only and not individually, in which case, if the 
terms of the applicable agreement so provide, the representations and undertakings shall 
be binding upon the trust, but shall not be binding upon them personally. 
TENTH: 
ACCOUNTING 
The Trustees may, at any time and from time to time, render an 
accounting to the persons to whom trust income may be paid who have attained 
twenty-one (21) years of age, and to the persons who have attained said age who 
would be entitled to principal if the trust then ended and if no power of appointment is 
exercised. Such accounting (but only if accompanied by notice of the provisions of this 
Clause TENTH) shall be deemed a final accounting unless within ninety (90) days from 
the service of such notice one or more of the persons to whom the accounting must be 
presented under this Clause TENTH shall have mailed by registered mail to the 
Trustees a written statement specifying objections to such accounting. If any person 
EFTA00590386
--- PAGE 41 ---
Dolt USI:101)164Ivi 
entitled to an accounting is a minor, the accounting may be rendered to such person's 
guardian, other than the-GraifterLEON and any person who is a Trustee of the trust. 
If the Trustees shall comply with the provisions of this Clause TENTH, such account 
shall be binding and conclusive upon all persons who may be interested in the trust for 
the period covered by the accounting, without the necessity of any proceedings in any 
court which might have jurisdiction over such trust. Nothing may be done under this 
provision which would enlarge or shift any beneficial interest. 
ELEVENTH: TRUST ADDITIONS 
The Trustees are empowered to receive additional property (whether real 
or personal, tangible or intangible) which is transferred to the Trustees at any time or 
bequeathed to the Trustees at any time by the-GranteFLEON or any other person, 
subject to such terms and conditions as may be specified in any instrument or Will 
under which such property is transferred or bequeathed or made payable to the 
Trustees, provided however, that no such terms and conditions may unreasonably 
increase the duties of the Trustees without their written consent. Unless otherwise 
specified in any instrument or Will under which such property is transferred or 
bequeathed or made payable to the Trustees, all such property shall be added to the 
principal of the trust created under Clause FIRST. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if 
the-Gr-aister-is-iset-then-living-but-DEBRA is then living and such property consists of a 
remainder interest in a grantor retained annuity trust that became payable after the 
GRinterLsJ.FON's death, such remainder interest shall be disposed of as directed in 
Clause THIRD. 
4_Q 
EFTA00590387
--- PAGE 42 ---
ate: USI:103)164bi 
TWELFTH: IRREVOCABILITY 
The Granter-declares-that-this-AgreenentThis Declaration is irrevocable 
and neither this AgreementDeclaration nor the trusts hereby created may be amended. 
The Independent Trustees, however, shall have the power to amend the administrative 
provisions of the trust at any time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Independent 
Trustees may not amend the administrative provisions of the trust in a fashion that may 
shift or otherwise affect the beneficial interests of the beneficiaries, expose the trust 
property to the claims of the Granter's-creditors dinth or otherwise expose the 
trust property to estate tax upon the death of the GranterLE(th. 
THIRTEENTH: 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of this Agfe, ementDeclaration: 
The words "2004-64 Trustees" shall mean all Trustees 
then serving who meet the qualifications of Independent Trustees, as defined 
below, and further are not deemed to be related or subordinate to LEON within 
the meaning of Section 672(st of the Code. 
(AB) The words "the Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended from time to time and any successor thereto. 
(Be) 
wife DEBRA R. BLACK. 
(GM 
The name "DEBRA" shall mean the-GranterIsLEON's
The word "Incapacity" or "Incapacitated" with respect to 
any person shall mean a person with respect to whom the Trustees have received a 
certificate signed by two (2) qualified physicians, including, if any, the physician then 
EFTA00590388
--- PAGE 43 ---
DaeCIISI:10V5641vA 
primarily responsible for such person's medical care, stating that such person is unable 
to act prudently with respect to financial matters because of accident, physical or mental 
illness, deterioration, injury or otherwise. 
(DE) The words "Independent Trustees" shall mean all Trustees 
then serving other than the Graator'sJ.EON's spouse, the-GeamerlsLEON's 
descendants, those individuals consisting of adverse parties within the meaning of 
Section 672(a)-ef-the-Geder those-individuals-deemeel-te-be-r-elated-or-subenlinate-te 
mefref-the-Gpaaterls-Elesc-eadams-veithin-the-meaning-of-672(e) of the Code and any 
other persons having a present or future beneficial interest in income or principal of 
such trust. 
al 
The name "LEON" shall mean LEON D. BLACK 
(Efi) The words "Marital Discord" shall mean significant 
tension or strife between spouses in their marriage that, in the determination of the 
Trustees (other than the potentially affected beneficiary), may lead to divorce. 
separation or annulment. 
(PH) The words "Pending Matrimonial Action" shall mean: 
(I) 
An action, which has not been concluded pursuant 
to a court order, brought by either husband or wife against the other for divorce, 
separation or annulment in a court with jurisdiction to determine such action, and 
(2) 
An executed separation agreement between a 
husband and wife which has not yet been incorporated into a court judgment, order or 
decree affecting the marital status of said husband and wife. 
EFTA00590389
--- PAGE 44 ---
Dod: USI:101/1641•1 
al 
The words "Ottaniled Charitable Organization" skaft
mean a corporation,organization or other entity, transfers to which are 
deductible for Federal income, gift and estate tax purposes under_Sectiow_l_70(0, 
Section 2522(a) and Section 2055(a) of the Code. 
(Q) All provisions in favor of DEBRA as a beneficiary 
hereunder shall be effective for so long as she is married to and living with the 
GranterLEDN during the-GrantersJ.F,ON's lifetime, and if she is married to and living 
with the-Grenter--at-theGramerW.FON at his death, during her life thereafter. During 
such time, if any, as DEBRA is no longer married to and living with the-GranterLEON 
(other than by reason of the-GeanterlsT.F:ON's death during the marriage), she shall (1) 
be deemed to be deceased for all purposes of this AgreementDeclaration and (2) be 
disqualified from serving as Trustee with respect to any trust hereunder. For purposes 
of this Agrccmcntneelaration, the term "living with" shall include periods of separation 
unrelated to Marital Discord. 
(4K) All references to children and other descendants, when 
used with respect to any individual ("Such Individual"), (1) shall mean (a) any child 
born of Such Individual's marriage, including any child born by surrogacy, (b) any 
nonmarital child born of Such Individual if Such Individual later marries said child's 
father or mother, as the case may be, (c) any adopted child of Such Individual, 
provided said child was adopted prior to attaining age ten (10), (d) if, and only if, Such 
Individual is female, any nonmarital child of Such Individual, whether born naturally or 
by surrogacy, (e) if Such Individual is male, any nonmarital child that Such Individual 
EFTA00590390
--- PAGE 45 ---
IISHOVISIlvi 
has acknowledged as his own and as a permissible beneficiary and/or appointee 
hereunder, by specific reference to such nonmarital child's name, in a signed written 
instrument filed with the Trustees, and (f) the descendants of any child so defined, 
provided that, at each subsequent generational level, the foregoing premises set forth in 
clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), and (e) have been satisfied; and (2) shall not mean any 
nonmarital child that is not otherwise described in clauses (b),(c),(d), and (e) or such 
nonmarital child's descendants. For the purposes of this paragraph (14K), no child born 
by surrogacy shall be considered the child of Such Individual unless Such Individual has 
acknowledged said child as his or her own and as a permissible beneficiary and/or 
appointee hereunder in a signed written instrument filed with the Trustees. 
FOURTEENTH: 
SITUS/GOVERNING LAW 
The validity and construction of this Agfeementnerlaratiou and the 
trusts hereby created shall be governed by the laws of New York. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, a majority of the Trustees may, at any time and from time to time, by 
written instrument, declare that the trust or trusts hereunder shall from the date of such 
declaration, or from a date stated in such declaration, take effect in accordance with the 
law of such other jurisdiction as they, in their sole and absolute discretion, determine, 
and thereafter the law of such other jurisdiction shall govern the validity and 
construction of the trust or trusts hereunder; provided, however, that if the Trustees 
exercise the discretionary power under this Clause FOURTEENTH to change the situs 
and governing jurisdiction of a trust or trusts under this Agrccmcntneelaration, they 
may initiate such judicial proceedings (if any) as they deem necessary or desirable to 
EFTA00590391
--- PAGE 46 ---
DOS: USMOVIIS•lit 
accomplish such change, whether or not such proceeding is required by the law of the 
new governing jurisdiction. 
FIFTEENTH: PROVISIONS FOR MINORS 
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this 
AgreeillentDeclaration: A share of principal which becomes distributable to a minor at 
the termination of trust shall vest in the minor, but the Trustees may, in the Trustees' 
sole and absolute discretion, retain the share for as long as the Trustees deem advisable 
during such minority for the minor's benefit, without giving bond. The provisions of 
this Clause are intended to create a power during minority to manage property vested in 
an infant and shall not impair the absolute vesting of principal in such minor. The 
donees of this power may pay, apply and/or accumulate so much of the income of such 
share and may pay or apply so much of the principal of such share, as the donees may 
deem advisable from time to time for the minor. The donees of this power shall have 
all the powers granted by law and all the powers granted by this AgFeemendieslaration 
to the Trustees. When such minor attains twenty-one (21) years, the then remaining 
principal (including accumulated income) of such share shall be delivered to such minor 
or if such minor dies before attaining twenty-one (21) years, such principal shall be 
delivered on the minor's death to his or her Executor or Administrator. 
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this Clause, the donees of this 
power may, at any time and from time to time, distribute any part or all of the minor's 
share, on behalf of the minor, to any person with whom the minor may reside, or a 
parent of the minor, or a custodian for the minor under the Uniform Gifts to Minors 
EFTA00590392
--- PAGE 47 ---
11S1:10i1S6411,1
Act, the Uniform Transfers to Minors Act or similar Act. Such distribution shall be 
made without bond, without the intervention of a guardian of the minor and without 
having to see to the application of the distribution, and the receipt of the person to 
whom distribution is so made shall be a complete discharge of the donee of the power 
in respect of such share. If the donees of the power determine to make distribution to 
a custodian for the minor, the donees may select any eligible person or trust company 
to serve as the custodian, including one or more of the donees. As used in this Clause, 
the term "minor" shall refer to an individual who is under the age of twenty-one (21) 
years, notwithstanding any statute or rule of law to the contrary. 
SIXTEENTH: TRUSTEE EXCULPATION AND EXONERATION 
(A) 
In the event a legal action is brought against any 
individual serving as the Trustee of any trust under this AgFeerisentneelaration, all legal 
fees and related expenses incurred in connection with the defense of such legal action 
shall be paid by such trust without court authorization; provided, however, that (a) no 
such payment shall (or shall continue to) be made if a court enters an order prohibiting 
such payment, and (b) such Trustee shall refund to the trust any such payments that 
previously had been made if a court enters an order directing that such payments be 
refunded, or if a court concludes that such Trustee acted fraudulently in fact (as 
distinguished from any imputed, constructive or assumed fraud) or in deliberate, willful 
and intentional disregard of the interests of the beneficiaries. 
(B) 
No individual who is serving as Trustee shall be liable for 
any loss or damage relating to trust funds (including without limitation, any failure, 
EFTA00590393
--- PAGE 48 ---
pod: USLI0V1641O 
depreciation or loss of investments by reason of any mistake or omission), so long as 
such Trustee has not acted fraudulently in fact (as distinguished from any imputed, 
constructive or assumed fraud) or in deliberate, willful and intentional disregard of the 
interests of the beneficiaries. The individuals who are serving as Trustees and each 
individual who is a former Trustee shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the trust 
assets against all expenses, liabilities, damages or losses, including (but not limited to) 
reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements, claims, costs, judgments or any other type 
of loss or expenditure which they may incur as a result of their qualification as Trustee, 
and for serving as director or officer of any company, partnership or other entity whose 
shares or other equity interests are held, directly or indirectly, by the trust created 
hereunder, notwithstanding that such expenses, liabilities, damages or losses may result 
from a breach of duty by any Trustee, unless such expense, liability, damage or loss was 
brought about by the conduct of such Trustee and such Trustee acted fraudulently in 
fact (as distinguished from any imputed, constructive or assumed fraud) or in deliberate, 
willful and intentional disregard of the interests of the beneficiaries. 
SEVENTEENTH: 
COUNTERPARTS AND EFFECTIVE DATE 
This AgreememPeclaratiou may be signed in counterparts, which, taken 
together, may constitute an original instrument, and facsimile transmitted copies may be 
acceptable as originals, and shall be effective upon the signing of the-Granter-antl-one 
Trustee. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have hereunto signed and sealed 
this instrument as of the date first above written in this AgrccmcntDeclaration. 
EFTA00590394
--- PAGE 49 ---
USLI0VI641O 
BARRY J. COHEN, Trustee 
LEON-DrEiLACK-,-GFanter 
BARRY J. COHEN, Trustee 
RIC-HARD-RESSLER
ustee 
JOHN J. HANNAN, Trustee 
EFTA00590395
--- PAGE 50 ---
11S1:101)5641O 
STATE OF NEW YORK ) 
ss.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) 
On the 
day of 
in the year 2013, before me, the 
andersignedr persenally-appeareel-L-EGN-DrBL-AGKr perserkallr knewn-te-me-er 
peeved-teeen-the-basis-ef-satisfaeteey-evidenee-te-be-the-individual-whese-name4s 
subseribeil-te4he-within-instrument-end-aeknewledgeel-te-me-that-he-exeetued-the-Frame 
in-his-eapaeityr  and-that-by-his-signature-en-the-inetfumentr  the-individualr ee-the-peesen 
upen-behal€-ef-whieh-the-individual-acted, executed-the-instrument, 
Notary`-Publie 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) 
SS 
COUNTY-OF-NEW-Y-9RK ) 
On the 
day of 
in the year 20132015, before me, 
the undersigned, personally appeared BARRY J. COHEN, personally known to me or 
proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is 
subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same 
in his capacity, and that by his signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person 
upon behalf of which the individual acted, executed the instrument. 
Notary Public 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
) 
SS.: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) 
On the 
day of 
in the year 2013, before me, the 
undersigned, personally appeared RICHARD RESSLER. personally known to mc or 
pr-eved-te-me-en-the-baeis-ef-smisfaetery-evideftee-te-be-ihe-iruhvidua4aeehese-name-is 
subseeibed-te-the-within-insteument-and-aeknewledged-te-rne-that-he-exec-uted-the-same 
in-his-eapaeityand-that-brifie-signatur-e-en-theinettumentr the-inflividuaker-the-pefsen 
upon behalf of which the individual acteA execute.? the instrument
Netapy-Pubhe 
I 
EFTA00590396
--- PAGE 51 ---
IIIS1:101/S641‘,1 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) 
S&4 
On the 
day of 
in the year 20132015, before me, 
the undersigned, personally appeared JOHN J. HANNAN, personally known to me or 
proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is 
subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same 
in his capacity, and that by his signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person 
upon behalf of which the individual acted, executed the instrument. 
a 
Notary Public 
EFTA00590397
--- PAGE 52 ---
Dud: usl:1011Ifll.j 
SCHEDULE-A 
Assets 
$10.00 
Dated= 
, 2013 
LEON-a-BLAC-Kr Granter 
BARRY J. COHEN, Trustee
RICHARD RESSLER, Trustee
JOHN J. HANNAN, Tru3tcc 
EFTA00590398
--- PAGE 53 ---
Summary report: 
Litera® Change-Pro 7.5.0.145 Document comparison done on 11/12/2015 
5:45:58 PM 
Style name: PW Basic 
Intelligent Table Comparison: Active 
Original filename: 8950596_5.DOC 
Modified filename: 10325641_3.DOC 
Changes: 
Add 
214 
Delete 
230 
Move-From 
Move To 
Table Insert 
Table-Delete 
Table moves to 
Table-Fi
lli 
Embedded Graphics (Visio, ChemDraw, Images etc.) 
Embedded Excel 
Format changes 
Total Changes: 
460 
EFTA00590399

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590400.pdf
----------------------------------------
EMPIRE 
VALUATION CONSULTANTS. ac 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
February 12, 2015 
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
Paul, Weiss, Ritkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP 
1285 Avenue of the Americas, Suite 3115 
New York, NY 10019-6064 
Dear Mr. Halperin: 
You have requested Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC ("Empire") to estimate the 
fair market value of a 3.5281% limited partnership interest (the "Interest") in Black 
Family Partners, LP ("BFP" or the "Partnership") as of September 3, 2014 (the 
"Valuation Date"). It is our understanding that this summary letter will be used by 
Mr. Leon Black for estate planning purposes. 
Valuation Summary 
Based on the following review and analysis, and subject to the attached Statement 
of Limiting Conditions, it is our estimate that the fair market value of a 3.5281% 
limited partnership interest in Black Family Partners, LP is reasonably stated as 
$66,805,947 as of September 3, 2014. 
Methodology 
BFP has been valued on a going concern basis. 
Since the Partnership is 
closely-held, and thus without a public market for its ownership interests, this 
appraisal was conducted according to guidelines established by the Internal Revenue 
Service ("IRS") and USPAP, and in conformity with the American Society of 
Appraisers' Principles of Appraisal Practice and Code of Ethics, together with other 
standards that were deemed relevant to this engagement. 
777 Canal View Blvd., Suite 200, Rochester, NY 14623 
Tel: (585) 475-9260 
empireval.com 
New York 
• 
Cleveland 
• 
Rochester 
• 
West Hanford 
EFTA00590400
--- PAGE 2 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 2 
This summary letter is by its nature a "Restricted Use Appraisal Report" under 
Standards Rule 10-2 of USPAP. As such, it does not contain the required 
disclosures regarding the nature, history, outlook, ownership, or other factors 
regarding BFP, nor does it contain details regarding the valuation analyses 
considered and used. 
Therefore, it is for the exclusive use of you, and at your 
request, those of your advisors who have the requisite knowledge to understand the 
risks, opportunities, and the valuation theories and analyses discussed and applied in 
this situation. 
For purposes of this report, fair market value is defined in accordance with 
Treasury Regulations established for income, estate and gift taxes as the price at 
which ownership interests would change hands between a willing buyer and a 
willing seller, neither being under any compulsion to buy or sell and both having 
reasonable knowledge of relevant facts. 
Sources of Information 
Information used in determining the fair market value of the Interest was provided 
by the documents and sources listed below: 
• 
A 
copy 
of 
BFP's 
Amended 
Limited 
Partnership 
Agreement, 
dated 
May 17, 2007 as amended December 2009 (the "BFP Agreement"); 
• 
A copy of BFP's pro forma tax returns, prepared from Mr. Leon Black's 
personal tax returns, for the years ending December 31, 2009 through 2012; 
• 
A copy of BFP's internally prepared financial statements for the year ended 
December 31, 2013; 
• 
Documents and information regarding BFP's assets include the most current 
available: (1) capital account statements; (2) K-1 statements; (3) operating 
agreements, including amendments; and (4) financial statements;' 
• 
Conversations and correspondence regarding BFP, its management policies, 
financial status and investments with Mr. Richard Joslin, BFP's CFO, and 
Mr. Richard D'Agostino of BFP (collectively referred to as "Management"); 
and 
' See Appendix A for a list of defined terms regarding BFP's investments and key agreements 
reviewed in this report. 
EFTA00590401
--- PAGE 3 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 3 
• 
Other reviews, analyses, and research as were deemed necessary. 
Partnership Profile 
BFP operated as an investment holding company. 
The Partnership was formed on 
May 17, 2007. As of the Valuation Date, the Partnership's primary asset was a 
45.9% interest in BRH Holdings LP ("BRH"). 
BRH owned 88.57% of 
AP Professional Holdings LP ("Holdings"), which held 58.69% of the Apollo 
Operating Group ("AOG") units.2 
The Partnership was also invested 
in 
co-investment 
funds managed by Apollo Global 
Management 
LLC and its 
consolidated affiliates (the "Company" or "Apollo"). 
In addition to the Apollo co-
investment entities, BFP was invested in additional private investment funds and 
companies. Additionally, BFP has issued multiple promissory notes. 
Based on capital account balances available as of the Valuation Date, the 
Partnership had a capital account balance of $2.509 billion, rounded.' 
Pro forma 
financial statements for BFP, compiled using the records of Raich, Ende, Malter & 
Co LLP, are presented in Exhibits A through C. 
A. Apollo Operating Group 
Apollo was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on July 3, 2007 and 
completed a reorganization of its predecessor businesses on July 13, 2007 (the 
"Reorganization"). Apollo is managed and operated by its manager, AGM 
Management, LLC, which in turn is wholly-owned and controlled by Leon Black, 
Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan (the "Managing Partners"). Apollo has three 
primary business segments: private equity ("PE"); Capital Markets ("CM"); and 
Real Estate ("RE"). See Apollo's public filings for an organizational diagram for 
Apollo and its ownership structure. 
Apollo also entered into an exchange agreement with Holdings that allows the 
partners in Holdings, subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership 
requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the 
Apollo Operating Group, to exchange their AOG Units for the Company's Class A 
shares on a one-for-one basis up to four times each year, subject to customary 
conversion rate adjustments for splits, unit distributions and reclassifications. A 
Percentages based on Apollo Global Management LLC's 10-Q filing as of June 30, 2014. 
The Tax Receivable Agreement benefits associated with the AOG Units held by BFP and the July 
2007 reorganization of Apollo do not have a stated book value and are not included in the 
S2.509 billion total. 
The value of these assets are included in the valuation section of this 
report. 
EFTA00590402
--- PAGE 4 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO1 GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 4 
limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the ten Apollo 
Operating Group partnerships to effect an exchange for one Class A share. 
On April 4, 2011, Apollo completed the initial public offering ("IPO") of its 
Class A shares. Apollo received net proceeds from the initial public offering of 
approximately $382.5 million, which was used to acquire additional AOG Units. 
Shares of Apollo traded between $23.40 and $24.25 per share and closed at $23.40 
per share on the Valuation Date, with the mean value being $23.83 per share. 
B. Description of Assets 
BFP was invested in cash, marketable securities, multiple Apollo funds, Apollo 
Operating Group units through BRH and Holdings and non-Apollo investment funds. 
Details regarding the assets are provided below. 
A summary of the capital account 
balance for each interest is presented in Exhibit D. 
Cash and Marketable Securities: The Partnership had a checking account held at 
Bank of America with a balance of $11.4 million as of the Valuation Date. 
Additionally, BFP had a brokerage account with JP Morgan, which held $1.8 
million in cash, $5.3 million in Apollo Investment Corp.' stock (603,632 shares 
with a mean value of $8.81 per share), $2.5 million in Environmental Solutions 
Worldwide (Ticker: ESWW)' stock, $0.9 million in AP Alternative Assets, LP6
stock (28,370 shares with a mean value of $32.00 per share). Finally, BFP held 
$2.0 million in K12, Inc.? stock (106,026 shares with a mean value of $18.55 per 
share) as of the Valuation Date. 
Apollo Private Equity Investment Funds: BFP participated in Apollo's PE funds, 
specifically AIF IV, AIF V and AIF VI. For each fund, BFP invested in a related 
co-investor entity established for Apollo affiliates and employees to participate in 
Apollo's individual PE funds. 
As of the Valuation Date, the Partnership had a 
capital account balance in ACIV, ACV and ACVI. The Partnership's co-invest 
interests were not subject to management or carried interest fees. 
In effect, they 
Apollo Investment Corp. ("AINV") is a publicly traded business development company ("BDC") 
managed by Apollo. 
BFP held 14,392 shares in ESWW. 
The shares were thinly traded with a most recent closing 
price of $175 per share. 
AP Alternative Assets, LP ("AAA") is a publicly traded investment company managed by Apollo. 
The company is listed on the Amsterdam stock exchange. 
K12, Inc. ("LRN") was received as an in-kind distribution from BFP's investment in Knowledge 
Universe Education L.P. 
EFTA00590403
--- PAGE 5 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 5 
earned the underlying fund's return on investment, net of any non-fee fund 
expenses. 
The AIF funds employed a 1.5% management fee and 20% carried interest fee 
structure. 
The management fees could vary based on life-cycle of the fund. 
Carried interest was subject to an 8% preferred for its fee-paying limited partners. 
The fund's limited partners could not withdraw, and transfers required the 
permission of the respective fund GP entity. 
The fund size for AIF IV, AIF V 
and AIF VI was $3.6 billion, $5 billion and $10.1 billion, respectively. 
ACIV, 
ACV and ACVI were bound to invest and divest at the same time as AIF IV, AIF 
V and AIF VI, respectively. AIF IV and AIF V were all on extension in order to 
liquidate remaining positions. 
ACIV, ACV and ACVI had no control over the 
funds, or their selection or timing of investment acquisitions or divestitures. 
Withdrawal from ACIV, ACV and ACVI was not permitted and transfers required 
the consent of the respective managing members. 
Apollo Private Equity Co-Invest Entities 
Entity 
ACIV 
Capital Account 
Value" 
$464,127 
Term Expiration 
The underlying fund was on indefinite extension. There was 
no indication when the remaining portfolio companies would 
be sold. 
ACV 
$3,060,606 
The underlying fund was on contractual extension. There 
was no indication when the remaining portfolio companies 
would be sold. 
ACVI 
$34,085,709 The fund's term expires January 12, 2016. However, the 
fund could be extended for two additional 
ears. 
Apollo Capital Market Fund Interests: ASC and AVC are invested in capital 
market funds affiliated with Apollo. 
Apollo's capital market funds held securities 
from all portions of a portfolio company's capital structure, with a focus on 
distressed companies. BFP's interests in ASC and AVC were not subject to 
management or performance fees. 
While ASC's and AVC's legal agreements stated 
that the funds had annual and quarterly withdrawal provisions, respectively, Apollo's 
Management indicated that BFP was allowed to make monthly withdrawal requests 
Based on most recent quarterly account statements. Capital account balances were adjusted to 
account for distributions and contributions made between the capital account date and the 
Valuation Date. 
EFTA00590404
--- PAGE 6 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 6 
from ASC and AVC. 
As of the Valuation Date, BFP was able to withdraw its 
capital from both ASC and AVC effective September 30, 2014.9
Apollo Capital Market Co-Invest Entities 
Entit% 
ASC 
AVC 
Capital Account Value10
53.112,609 
$8,111,658 
FCI II: BFP made a $25 million commitment to FCI II on June 21, 2013. FCI II 
co-invests in FCI Fund as a Schedule I limited partner. 
FCI Fund purchased a 
portfolio of 67 life insurance policies from a European bank with a total policy face 
amount of $371 million for approximately $27 million. 
The balance of BFP's 
future capital contributions are expected to be for premiums, fees and expenses. The 
Partnership's interest in FCI II was not subject to management or carried interest 
fees. 
In effect, it earned the underlying fund's return on investment, net of any 
non-fee fund expenses. 
BFP's capital account balance was $8.0 million at the 
Valuation Date. 
FCI Fund employed a 0.5% management fee and 10% carried interest fee structure. 
The management fees could vary based on life-cycle of the fund. 
Carried interest 
was subject to a 6% preferred return for its fee-paying limited partners. The fund's 
limited partners could not withdraw, and transfers required the permission of the 
fund GP. 
FCI II had no control over the fund, or its selection or timing of 
investment acquisitions or divestitures. 
Withdrawal from FCI II was not permitted 
and transfers required the consent of the general partner. 
AHL: 
BFP made a $52 million commitment to AHL on April 21, 2014 to 
purchase a total of 2.0 million shares at $26 per share. 
The first capital call of 
$10.4 million resulted in the purchase of 400,000 shares on the date of the 
commitment. BFP's capital account balance was $10.4 million at the Valuation 
Date. 
AHL is a life insurance holding company focused principally on the retirement 
market and whose business, through its subsidiaries, is focused primarily on issuing 
The agreement provisions for ASC require 90 days notice for withdrawals that are permitted 
annually on the anniversary date (March I) of the investment. 
The agreement provisions for 
Apollo VIF Co-Investors, LLC require 65 days notice for withdrawals that are permitted at the 
end of each calendar quarter. 
However, based on conversations with Apollo, it was Empire's 
understanding that BFP's interest in ASC and AVC could be withdrawn at any month end. 
Based on the most recent monthly account statements. 
EFTA00590405
--- PAGE 7 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 7 
or reinsuring fixed and equity indexed annuities. AHL's subsidiaries include Athene 
Annuity & Life Assurance Company, Athene Life Insurance Company, Investors 
Insurance Corp, and Athene Life Re Ltd. 
Products offered by AHL, through its 
subsidiaries, include: (1) retail fixed and equity indexed annuity products; (2) 
institutional products, such as funding agreements; and (3) co-insurance and 
reinsurance arrangements with third party life insurance and annuity providers. 
APTP: APTP is a venture capital fund launched by Apollo principals and managing 
partners. 
BFP has a nominal capital account balance of $13,774. 
The fund has 
been inactive for years and was not expected to resume investment activities. 
All 
remaining assets in APTP were considered side pocket investments. 
APSHL: APSHL is an investment fund launched by Apollo principals and managing 
partners. 
BFP has a nominal capital account balance of $0." The fund has been 
inactive and was not expected to resume investment activities. 
All remaining assets 
in APSHL were considered side pocket investments. 
Apollo Ownership Interests: The Partnership has an indirect ownership position in 
the Apollo Operating Group through AOG Units held through BRH. 
In total BFP 
held 92,727,166 AOG Units. 
At the Valuation Date, Apollo's stock closed at 
$23.40 per share, with a mean value of $23.83 per share. 
AOG Units could be 
exchanged for Class A shares at various future dates.12 
The agreements governing 
the AOG Units are discussed in greater detail below. The impact of the agreement 
provisions was considered in the estimation of fair market value for the AOG 
Units. 
On an unadjusted basis the capital account value of the AOG units was 
$2,209,224,730.13 
This TRA allows BFP to share in the future tax savings 
provided to Apollo upon the exchange of BFP's AOG Units. 
In addition to the 
AOG Units held, the Partnership also received an annual payment from Apollo in 
connection with the TRA associated with the Apollo ownership sold in the July 
2007 transaction which resulted from the reorganization of Apollo and its listing on 
GSTrUE.I4
Non-Apollo Investment Interests: BFP's other investments included interests in four 
fixed-term private equity funds, five evergreen hedge funds, five development 
" According to the Partnership's 2013 tax return K-1 for APSHL, the Partnership's capital account 
balance was negative. Therefore, the carrying value was considered de minimis. 
i2 7.5% of the block of AOG Units became exchangeable on both March 29, 2013 and 
March 29, 2014. 
Based on the mean value per share of $23.83. 
GSTrUE is a secondary market for qualified institutional and individual investors. 
Apollo stopped 
trading on GSTrUE after its public listing in 2011. 
EFTA00590406
--- PAGE 8 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO1 GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 8 
stage/private companies and multiple promissory notes. 
All of these investments 
were non-controlling and non-marketable, and subject to certain restrictions. 
None 
of the funds made regular distributions. 
Each subset is described further below. 
Private-Equity Funds: These investments were subject to transfer restrictions (i.e. 
requires fund general partner consent), and withdrawal was not permitted prior to 
the end of the fund's term. 
Distributions were only anticipated upon the harvest of 
underlying investments, and the timing and amount of distributions would be 
determined by each fund's manager or general partner. 
A summary of key 
information associated with these funds is presented in the following table. 
Non-Apollo Private Equity Investments — Key Terms 
Emit)
HAO 
Mfrs Capital 
Account Value 
Description 
sc 
The fund is focused on 
investments in Asia, with a 
focus on China. 
Fee 
Structure' 
Term 
Expiration 
$3,327,994 
2%/20% 
12/5/2015 
SWF 
$18,971,279 
The fund is focused on 
timberland properties in the 
southeastern United States. 
1%,15% 
5/1/2018 
WC I' 
$2,211,739 
The fund is focused on active 
minority investments located in 
emerging markets, with a focus 
on BRIC.I7
2%/20% 
2/23/2019 
TEN4 
$684,341
The fund is targeting $1 million 
investments in growth stage 
"Big Data" companies. Total 
fund size is $25 million. 
2%/20% 
4/1/2023 
[SPACE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY] 
1° Based on most recent quarterly account statements. Capital account balances were adjusted to 
account for distributions and contributions made between the capital account date and the 
Valuation Date. 
Stated annually, as "management fee percentage/performance fee percentage." 
Brazil, Russia, India and China. 
EFTA00590407
--- PAGE 9 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO1 GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 9 
Hedge Funds: 
The evergreen funds allowed withdrawal of capital based on a 
combination of lock-up periods and limited opportunities to withdraw (e.g. annually, 
quarterly). Although the interests were subject to transfer and other restrictions, the 
withdrawal rights were considered to be most important. 
A summary of key 
information associated with the evergreen funds is presented in the following table. 
Non-Apollo Hedge Fund Investments — Key Terms 
Eafit - 
ACP 
BFP's Capital 
Account Value" 
$17,952,278 
Description 
Debt focused special situations 
fund. 
Fee 
Structure" 
I.5%/20% 
Withdrawal
Date 
6/30/2015 
CVRF 
$19,082' 039 
De
fundbt and equity event-driven 
. 
I.5%/20% 
12/31/2014 
KSC 
$1,009,166 Global long/shon credit and 
event-driven fund. 
1.5%/20% 
N/A2' 
LC 
$35,508,728 
Long only equity fund. 
1.75%/0% 
12/31/2014 
MG 
$24,823,922 Arbitrage fund 
0%22/20% 
12/31/2014 
Truckast LLC STruckast": BFP initially invested in iCrete LLC which had 
developed proprietary technology for mixing concrete. BFP held a Class B interest 
in iCrete. According to the Partnership's 2013 K-1, BFP had a capital account 
balance of $1.2 million and a capital sharing percentage of 0.7655%. 
iCrete had a 
$5.9 million members' deficit as of December 31, 201223 and has been unprofitable 
since inception. 
As of the writing of this report, and effective December 5, 2013, 
Pacific Concrete Technologies, LLC acquired of all of the right, title, and interest 
in and to certain property formerly owned by iCrete, LLC, including 100% of the 
membership interests of iCrete. 
Further, on December 5, 2013, Pacific Concrete 
Technologies, LLC transferred 100% of the membership interests of the company to 
GKW Holdings. GKW Holdings formed Truckast to hold these interests. 
KUE: Knowledge Universe Education L.P. was a holding company with a portfolio 
of development stage secondary education companies. 
The carrying value of BFP's 
la Based on the most recent monthly account statements. 
Stated annually, as "management fee percentage/performance fee percentage." 
Withdrawal date represents when BFP was allowed to withdraw its capital from the underlying 
fund as of the Valuation Date based on the provisions of the respective underlying fund 
agreement. This applies only to ACP, CVRF, LC and MG. 
Entire balance is a side pocket investment. 
KSC retained $117,838 from the withdrawal of 
unrestricted capital for future management fees with respect to the side pocket investment. 
There is no management fee. However, partners bear pro rata levels of fund expenses. 
The most recent financial statement available at the Valuation Date. 
EFTA00590408
--- PAGE 10 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 10 
interest in KUE was estimated to be $34.0 million. Per BFP's K-1, the Partnership 
had a 4.7328% capital interest. 
KUE's aggregate book value of equity was $718.5 
million as of December 31, 2013. On October 15, 2013 BFP received a $1.4 
million cash distribution and $0.8 million stock distribution (105,951 shares of LRN 
from KUE and 75 shares from KU Management). 
The distribution was considered 
a return of contributions to KUE's investors, though not 100%. 
The KUE 
Agreement was amended August 9, 2013. 
The amendment reflected that KUE has 
a target exit date of October 2015 through an IPO. 
If an IPO is not successful, 
KUE will wind down by October 2017 through some other means. 
When BFP invested in KUE, the investment also included an investment in KU 
Management Inc. ("KUE GP"), KUE's general partner. 
Based on the initial 
investment, BFP's capital contribution was allocated 99.9% to KUE and 0.1% to 
KUE GP. KUE GP's carrying value was estimated at $34,040. 
ESWW Convertible Notes: ESWW, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, is 
engaged in the designing, developing, manufacturing and selling of emissions control 
technologies. The company also provides emissions testing and environmental 
certification services with its primary focus on the North American on-road and off-
road diesel retrofit market. ESWW manufactures and markets a line of catalytic 
emission control and enabling technologies for a number of applications. ESWW is 
focused on the international medium duty and heavy duty diesel engine market for 
on-road and off-road vehicles, as well as the utility engine, mining, marine, 
locomotive and military industries. ESWW also offers engine and after treatment 
emissions verification testing and certification services. 
In 2013, BFP invested $2.9 
million in ESWW in the form of convertible notes.14 
The notes pay 10% interest 
that is compounded quarterly and paid semi-annually. 
The notes will convert at a 
rate of $80 per share to common equity on March 22, 2018, or sooner if a 
majority of the note holders elect to convert the notes to common stock. 
Rally Labs: Rally Labs LLC markets and distributes an over-the-counter drug called 
Blowfish, which is an effervescent, morning-after hangover remedy. 
BFP invested 
$200,000 on June 28, 2013 as part of Rally Labs effort to raise $2 million in 
investment capital in order to finance its general business operations and marketing 
initiatives to support a national rollout. The Partnership bought 20,000 units at a 
price per unit of $10.00. The total offering was 200,000 units. The full allotment 
of units offered by the company represents 25% of the Rally Lab's fully-diluted 
capitalization. BFP's carrying value was estimated at $188,015. 
The total aggregate offering was $4,596,929. 
EFTA00590409
--- PAGE 11 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 11 
T-INK, Inc.: T-INK markets and develops technology enabled ink and printing 
capabilities. 
BFP 
invested $100,003 to purchase 6,094 common shares on 
December 9, 2013 as part of T-INK's effort to raise investment capital. 
Artbinder, Inc.: Artbinder has developed and is marketing a digital platform for art 
galleries. BFP invested $9,998 to purchase 1,715 series A preferred shares on 
May 9, 2014 as part of Artbinder's effort to raise capital for capital expenditures, 
working capital, and general corporate purposes. 
Promissory Notes and Receivables: As of the Valuation Date, the Partnership had 
the following notes with related parties: (1) three outstanding notes (two receivable 
and one payable) with Leon Black, totaling $31.6 million, net, including accrued 
interest; and (2); two notes with PLB LLC totaling $3.2 million (including accrued 
interest). 
Note terms end between March 13, 2016 and April 28, 2017. 
Annual 
interest rates are between 0.18% and 2.20% for the notes. 
All notes are interest 
only with principal payments due at the end of each note's term. 
As of the Valuation Date, the Partnership had a receivable from BRH Holdings, LP 
in the amount of $2.8 million. 
Additionally, BFP opened a $15.0 million credit line to Phaidon Global which was 
drawn $8.8 million, including accrued interest, at the Valuation Date. 
Interest on 
the Phaidon Global credit line was 1-month LIBOR plus 200 basis points. 
The 
credit line is available through September 2014. 
Liabilities: BFP had no liabilities at the Valuation Date. 
Summary: Based on the most recent capital account statements and holdings 
information provided by Apollo and BFP Management, the Partnership's total assets 
had an aggregate market value of $2.5 billion (which excluded the TRA benefit). 
Since BFP had no liabilities, its aggregate partners' capital was $2.5 billion (based 
on the mean value per share for each of the marketable securities as of the 
Valuation Date). See Exhibit D. 
Valuation adjustments necessary to reflect the market value of the Partnership's 
individual assets taking into consideration various restrictions that hinder BFP's 
control over the assets and lack of a ready market to dispose of or trade its assets 
is considered in detail in the valuation section of this report. 
EFTA00590410
--- PAGE 12 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 12 
C. BFP Agreement Provisions 
BFP was formed pursuant to Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act 
(the "Act"). The BFP Agreement dictates the rights, responsibilities and restrictions 
placed on the Interest. 
A summary of key provisions impacting the fair market 
value of the Interest is presented below. 
• 
Management: 
The Partnership shall be managed solely at the discretion of 
the GP (i.e. Black Family GP, LLC). (7.1-7.2.) No LP shall have the 
ability to act on behalf of the Partnership in its capacity as such. (7.6.) 
There are no restrictions on the actions of the GP, and the GP may not be 
removed. (7.4.) 
Upon an event of withdrawal by the GP, a successor GP 
shall be appointed by a majority in interest of the LPs. (7.7.) 
• 
P&L Allocations and Distributions: 
P&L allocations shall be made on a 
pro rata basis. (5.2.) 
The timing and amount of distributions shall be 
determined by the GP in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Such distributions 
are based on sharing ratios. (5.4.) 
• 
Costs: 
Any costs incurred by the GP on behalf of the Partnership for its 
operations shall be reimbursed by the Partnership. (Article 4.) 
• 
Restrictions on Transfer: 
Transfers of economic interests are permitted. 
However, no transferee shall become a partner without the prior written 
consent of the GP. (9.1.) 
Upon death, a partner's economic rights shall be 
transferred to his legal representative. (9.3.) 
In addition to the required 
consent of the GP, other administrative tasks must be completed in order to 
effect the admission of a transferee as a substitute LP. (9.4.) 
• 
Restrictions on Withdrawal: Any Partner may withdraw any portion of his, 
her, or its capital account at any time. 
Upon such withdrawal, the 
Partnership shall distribute to such Partner assets of the Partnership with an 
aggregate fair market value equal to (i) the value of all of the assets of the 
Partnership, multiplied by (ii) such Partner's Sharing Ratio, multiplied by (iii) 
the percentage of such Partner's capital account being withdrawn by such 
Partner. 
If the Partnership's assets consist of assets other than cash or 
marketable securities, the FMV shall be determined by a qualified appraiser 
selected by the GP. (3.4.) 
• 
Books and Information: The GP shall cause complete books and records to 
be maintained at the principal offices of the Partnership. 
Such records shall 
EFTA00590411
--- PAGE 13 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APOI GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 13 
be open to inspection and examination of all partners in person or by their 
duly authorized representatives, who have the right to make copies at their 
own expense during normal business hours. (8.1.) The GP may, but is not 
required to, have annual financial statements prepared. 
Such statements need 
not be audited. 
If prepared, copies of such statements shall be delivered to 
the LPs. (8.2.) The Partnership's accountants shall prepare all federal, state 
and local income tax returns for the Partnership. (8.3(a).) 
• 
Dissolution: 
The Partnership will be dissolved at such time as the first of 
the following should occur: (1) the bankruptcy or dissolution of the GP; (2) 
the determination of the GP to dissolve the Partnership; (3) the entry of a 
decree of judicial dissolution; (4) any event under the act sufficient to cause 
dissolution. (10.1.) 
• 
Amendment: 
The Agreement may only be amended by the unanimous 
agreement of the Partners. (12.1.) 
AOG Unit Agreement Provisions 
The Interest and AOG Units are subject to provisions of multiple agreements. The 
impact of these agreements is that the value of an AOG Unit will vary from the 
value of a share of Apollo's Class A stock, based on the restrictions and benefits 
imposed on the AOG Units. 
Transfer and exchange restrictions remove the ability 
to participate in a liquid market. 
The TRA outlines how the tax benefit derived 
from an AOG Unit exchange is shared between the exchanging unit holder and 
Apollo. 
Empire reviewed the key agreements, as well as the summary for each agreement 
that is included in Apollo's public filings. 
The descriptions provided below are 
paraphrased from the content provided in the filings, and are intended to have the 
meaning conveyed therein. 
A. The Exchange Agreement 
BFP entered into an exchange agreement with Holdings which provides for the 
exchange of AOG Units owned by Holdings for Class A shares of Apollo. Subject 
to certain procedures and restrictions's and upon 60 days' written notice prior to a 
Restrictions include the vesting schedules applicable to the Managing Partners, as well as any 
applicable transfer restrictions and lock-up agreements. 
EFTA00590412
--- PAGE 14 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 14 
designated quarterly date, each of Holdings' owners26 has the right to cause 
Holdings to exchange the AOG Units owned indirectly by such owner for BFP 
Class A shares. 
The Class A shares received in the exchange would then be sold 
immediately at the prevailing market price, or at a lower acceptable price, and the 
net proceeds distributed to the owner affecting the exchange. 
In connection with 
the exchange, BFP's interest in the AOG Units will be correspondingly increased 
and the voting power of the Class B share will be correspondingly decreased. 
B. The Principals Agreement 
The Principals Agreement provides that each Managing Partner's Pecuniary Interest" 
in the AOG Units that he holds indirectly through Holdings shall be subject to 
vesting. The Managing Partners own Holdings in accordance with their respective 
sharing percentages. 
Pursuant to the Principals Agreement, the AOG Units 
attributable to each of the managing partners is fully vested as of the Valuation 
Date. 
C. The Shareholder Agreement 
While the Exchange Agreement allows for quarterly exchanges of AOG Units into 
Class A shares of BFP, the Shareholder Agreement restricts the amount and timing 
of such exchanges involving a Managing Partner's aggregate equity interest ("Equity 
Interests") via its transfer restrictions. These restrictions are described below. 
No Managing Partner28 may affect cumulative transfers of Equity Interests, 
representing more than: 
1. 0.0% of his Equity Interests at any time prior to the second anniversary of 
the date on which the registration statement of which the S-1 forms a part 
became effective (the "shelf effectiveness date"), i.e. March 29, 2011; 
2. 7.5% of his Equity Interests at any time on or after the second anniversary 
and prior to the third anniversary of the shelf effectiveness date; 
3. 15% of his Equity Interests at any time on or after the third anniversary 
and prior to the fourth anniversary of the shelf effectiveness date; 
Including Managing Partners, contributing partners, and certain transferees thereof. 
Pecuniary Interest - With respect to each Managing Partner, the number of AOG units that would 
be distributable to such Managing Partner assuming that Holdings were liquidated and its assets 
distributed in accordance with its governing agreements. 
This applies to Managing Partners and their permitted transferees. 
EFTA00590413
--- PAGE 15 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 15 
4. 22.5% of his Equity Interests at any time on or after the fourth anniversary 
and prior to the fifth anniversary of the shelf effectiveness date; 
5. 30% of his Equity Interests at any time on or after the fifth anniversary and 
prior to the sixth anniversary of the shelf effectiveness date; or 
6. 100% of his Equity Interests at any time on or after the sixth anniversary 
of the shelf effectiveness date. 
Certain transfers were not subject to the restrictions described above, including 
transfers: (1) from one founder to another founder; (2) to a permitted transferee of 
such Managing Partner; and (3) in connection with a sale by one or more of the 
Managing Partners in one or a related series of transactions resulting in the 
Managing Partners owning or controlling, directly or indirectly, less than 50.1% of 
the economic or voting interests in Apollo or AOG, or any other person exercising 
control in Apollo or the AOG by contract, which would include a transfer of 
control of their manager. 
D. Tax Receivable Agreement 
In the event that an exchange pursuant to the Exchange Agreement is a taxable 
transaction, Apollo Management Holdings, L.P. and the AOG entities that it 
controls will make a Section 754 election which may result in an adjustment to the 
tax basis of a portion of the assets owned by the AOG at the time of the 
exchange. 
The taxable exchanges may result in increases in the tax depreciation 
and amortization deductions from depreciable and amortizable assets, as well as an 
increase in the tax basis of other assets, of AOG that otherwise would not have 
been available. 
A portion of any increase in depreciation and amortization tax 
deductions, as well as the increase in the tax basis of such other assets, will reduce 
the amount of tax that APO Corp. would otherwise be required to pay on future 
income. 
Additionally, Apollo's acquisition of AOG Units in such an exchange may result in 
increases in tax deductions and tax basis that reduces the amount of tax that APO 
Corp. would otherwise be required to pay in the future. 
This occurred in 
connection with the Apollo's acquisition of AOG Units from the Managing Partners 
in the strategic investors' transaction in July 2007. 
The TRA requires APO Corp. to pay the Managing Partner (or to a permitted 
transferee of such Managing Partner, i.e. BFP) or contributing partner involved in 
such an exchange 85% of the amount of actual cash savings, if any, in U.S. 
EFTA00590414
--- PAGE 16 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 16 
Federal, state, local and foreign income tax that APO Corp. realizes29 as a result of 
these increases in tax deductions and tax basis, and certain other tax benefits, 
including imputed interest expense. 
APO Corp. expects to benefit from the 
remaining 15% of actual cash savings, if any, in income tax that it realizes. 
For purposes of the TRA, cash savings in income tax will be computed by 
comparing APO Corp's actual income tax liability to the amount of such taxes that 
APO Corp. would have been required to pay had there been no increase to the tax 
basis of the tangible and intangible assets of the applicable AOG entity as a result 
of the transaction and had APO Corp. not entered into the TRA. 
The tax savings 
achieved may not ensure that APO Corp. has sufficient cash available to pay the 
tax liability or generate additional distributions to its investors. 
Also, APO Corp. 
may need to incur additional debt to repay the TRA if its cash flows are not met. 
The term of the TRA will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or 
expired, unless APO Corp. exercises the right to terminate the TRA by paying an 
amount based on the present value of payments remaining to be made under the 
agreement with respect to units that have been exchanged or sold and units which 
have not yet been exchanged or sold. 
The present value of remaining payments 
will be determined based on certain assumptions, including that APO Corp. would 
have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the deductions that would have arisen 
from the increased tax deductions and tax basis and other benefits related to 
entering into the tax receivable agreement. 
No payments will be made if a Managing Partner or contributing partner elects to 
exchange his or her AOG Units in a tax-free transaction. 
In the event that other 
of Apollo's current or future subsidiaries become taxable as corporations and acquire 
AOG Units in the future, or if Apollo becomes taxable as a corporation for U.S. 
Federal income tax purposes, each will become subject to a tax receivable 
agreement with substantially similar terms. 
Valuation of Black Family Partners, LP 
A. Introduction 
Generally, there are three commonly used approaches, to determine the value of a 
company/asset, none of which is necessarily superior to the others. 
These three 
approaches are the Income, Market and Cost Approaches. 
The nature of the 
Or is deemed to realize in the case of an early termination payment by APO Corp. or a change 
of control. 
EFTA00590415
--- PAGE 17 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 17 
business, industry, and economic circumstances of the particular company/asset being 
valued at the specific valuation date, as well as the availability of data will dictate 
which approach(es) will ultimately be used in determining the company's/asset's 
value. 
B. Valuation Methodologies Applied 
1. Income Approach 
Discounted Cash Flows Methodology ("DCF"): 
The discounted future income 
methodology can use cash flows as a basis to forecast the income which the 
business or asset will generate. Thereafter, an aggregate present value is calculated 
for the future cash flows using a required rate of return known as the discount 
rate. 
The strength of this methodology is that it facilitates the analysis of 
operational practices and their impact upon the business' value. 
Its weakness, 
however, is that it relies heavily upon projections of cash flows or net income 
which, for some firms, are difficult to make with any accuracy. 
The DCF method was applied to value certain BFP assets represented by expected 
future cash flow sources. 
For BFP, as an investment holding company, an asset 
based approach was considered more appropriate. 
2. Market Approach 
Guideline Company Methodology: 
The objective of the guideline company 
methodology is to identify business entities that have publicly traded securities, as 
well as business and financial risks, which are comparable to those of the entity 
being valued. 
The pricing multiples of the selected public companies are then used 
to derive a market value for the owners' capital of the company under analysis. 
For an investment holding company, comparison with similar publicly traded 
investment companies, such as closed-end funds, is generally considered appropriate. 
There are two important pricing multiples that can be derived from the freely 
traded shares in investment holding companies: (1) discount to net asset value 
("NAV"); and (2) price to yield. 
Discount (or premium) to NAV is calculated by 
dividing the company's market price by its reported NAV per share, and then 
subtracting the result (as a percentage) from 100%. 
A discount to NAV is also 
referred to as an investment company discount ("ICD"). 
The other important 
pricing measure for public investment holding companies, particularly for those that 
earn substantial income (e.g., municipal bonds, utility stocks, commercial real estate) 
and pay out most of this income, is yield (i.e., the dividend per share divided by 
EFTA00590416
--- PAGE 18 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 18 
the market price per share). 
When either of these pricing measures is applied to 
the closely held investment company's corresponding financial figures, the end result 
is the fully marketable value of owners' capital on a non-controlling (i.e., minority) 
interest basis. 
This methodology was applied, in conjunction with a variant of the NAV method, 
described below, to derive the fair market value of BFP. 
3. Asset Accumulation Method 
The asset accumulation method ("AAM") focuses primarily on the balance sheet. 
It 
requires restatement of the company's assets and liabilities in order to reflect their 
market values. 
Using this method, the value of the subject enterprise's equity is 
equal to the market values of its assets less its liabilities. The general method of 
individual asset and liability revaluation has also been referred to as the net asset 
value method, the adjusted net asset value method, the adjusted book value method, 
and the asset build-up method. 
Application of this method will typically indicate the value of 100% of the subject 
company equity on a controlling ownership interest basis. 
However, the method's 
relevance generally weakens when valuing an operating company whose value is 
best reflected as a going concern. 
Exceptions are when sale of the company's net 
assets is considered highly probable, when the realizable value of its net assets 
equals, or exceeds, the value of its distributions to its owners, or when the 
company's value is tied directly to the value of its underlying investments. 
Note that unless otherwise noted, use of this method assumes that transaction and 
built-in gains tax costs are reflected in the consideration of the discounts for lack of 
control and marketability. 
Because the Interest is an investment in an investment holding company, the value 
of its underlying assets and any related liabilities are important to an investor. 
This is true even though a minority interest is being valued, and such an interest 
obviously does not have the right to liquidate the Partnership or its assets. 
Therefore, the AAM was used to determine the minority value of the Interest. 
C. Valuation Summary 
The AAM was used to value the Interest. 
First, the adjusted book value of BFP's 
assets (except cash and marketable securities) were calculated. The summary of 
which is presented in Exhibit D. 
EFTA00590417
--- PAGE 19 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 19 
The assets were placed in three groups. The first group consisted of the interests in 
fixed-term funds,7D most of which were not expected to liquidate for several years 
after the Valuation Date. 
The most recent available capital account balances were 
used as a starting point, reflecting the pro rata NAV in each fund associated with 
the subject interests. 
A restriction period discount was then applied to reflect the 
rights and restrictions associated with each investment, together with its economic 
characteristics. 
Application of this adjustment resulted in a cash equivalent value 
(i.e. fair market value) that was included in the derivation of BFP's adjusted book 
value ("ABV"). This analysis is presented in Exhibits E-1 through E-3. 
The second group consisted of BFP's interest in the capital market funds.' 
The 
capital market investments, i.e. hedge funds, are subject to rise2 between the 
Valuation Date and their earliest possible withdrawal dates. 
One quantitative 
method to assist in determining the restriction period discount applicable to the 
subject interests is to estimate the costs that would be incurred by an investor if he 
were to attempt to "hedge" his position over the restriction period. 
In other 
words, if an investor is restricted from selling his interest should he change his 
outlook (or the stock price begins dropping), he would want protection (a hedge) 
from potential losses that could be incurred during the restriction period, yet would 
not want to give up the upside potential, as that is the reason for the investment in 
the first place. 
This provides a reasonable tool to estimate at least the 
liquidity-related portion of the restriction period discount. 
However, it was 
considered that this method of estimating a restriction period discount would only 
result in a "floor" value for the discount. 
Several factors contribute to this, 
including, but not limited to, the following: (1) to the extent that they are available, 
volatility metrics for hedge funds are generally based on monthly (not daily) 
reported data, which may lead to a smoothing of volatility measures over time; (2) 
volatility metrics based on historical investment returns only provide a measure of 
the historical risk of the underlying investment portfolio, but do not measure the 
business risk of the fund itself; (3) these measures do not account for risks 
associated with the fund general partner's right to suspend or curtail withdrawals in 
certain situations; (4) such an analysis cannot capture the adverse impact of a gate, 
which generally limits withdrawals to a certain percentage of fund assets; and 
(5) perhaps most importantly, public investment vehicles that would be required for 
an investor to implement a perfect hedge against an illiquid asset such as a hedge 
ACIV, ACV, ACVI, HAO, SWF, WCP and TEN4. 
ASC, AVC, FCI II, AHL, APTP, APSHL, ACP, CVRF, KSC, LC and MG. 
Risks included factors that could affect future performance of each fund. 
Risk factors may 
include, but are not limited to, the fund remaining a going concern, the fund maintaining the 
same investment strategy, regulatory issues, or a change in investment manager. 
EFTA00590418
--- PAGE 20 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 20 
fund interest simply do not exist. 
Despite these complications, a theoretical put 
option model was considered as one indicator to use in estimating a restriction 
period discount for the unrestricted portions of the capital market interests. 
In 
addition, certain restricted stock data was also considered, largely because the put 
option model implicitly does not account for certain risks outlined above. 
The put 
option model and the restricted stock data are discussed further below. This analysis 
is presented in Exhibits F-1 through F-3. 
Additionally, the fair market value of AOG Units held by the Partnership was 
estimated based on a restricted stock analysis that employed a put option model to 
estimate a restriction period discount applicable to the AOG Units and the TRA 
benefit payable to BFP pursuant to the TRA agreement. 
A DCF analysis was 
employed to value both the existing TRA payment stream and potential future TRA 
benefit from the AOG units held by BFP at the Valuation Date. These analyses are 
presented in Exhibits G-1 through H-2. 
Once BFP's adjusted book value was estimated, the pro rata ABV associated with 
the Interest was calculated. 
Next, a combined discount for lack of control and lack 
of marketability was applied to estimate the fair market value ("FMV") of the 
Interest. 
Valuation of Fixed-Term Fund Interests 
In assessing the fair market value of the Partnership's underlying PE fund 
investments the capital account balance associated with each interest was used as a 
starting point. 
An appropriate restriction period discount was then applied to 
account for the economic characteristics of the interest, its performance, and the 
investment risks associated with the underlying investment fund, together with the 
rights and restrictions attributable to the interest as described in the fund's 
governing documents. 
Market and general economic conditions at the Valuation 
Date were also a consideration. 
In estimating an appropriate restriction period discount to apply to the Partnership's 
underlying PE fund investments, we considered the economic and financial risks of 
each investment as a prospective investor may perceive them. 
In addition to each 
fund's vintage year, investment strategy, portfolio composition and other descriptive 
information provided earlier in this report, several risk factors were considered, 
including, but not limited to, the following: (1) remaining term; (2) stage of 
lifecycle; (3) remaining capital commitment; (4) cumulative returns; (5) distributions; 
(6) preferred returns to limited partners, if any; and (7) potential carried interest 
EFTA00590419
--- PAGE 21 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 21 
payments to the general partner, if any. 
The general impact of each on the 
selected restriction period discount is discussed below. 
On a relative basis, estimated restriction period discounts would be greater for funds 
with: (1) longer remaining terms, which would also suggest that the funds were 
earlier in the fund cycle and could have greater investment risk; (2) larger unfunded 
capital commitments, which could reduce the number of potential buyers:" 
(3) capital appreciation as the expected source of value creation, as investors in 
funds expected to create value through cash flow (i.e., debt service income or 
rental income) were likely to receive distributions earlier than investors in otherwise 
similar funds that were invested for capital appreciation; (4) lower distributions as a 
percentage of contributed capital and net multiples of contributed capital, both of 
which could suggest a lack of strong historical performance; and (5) no preferred 
return, which would provide less of a return to limited partners before carried 
interest payments could be made to general partners or managers. 
In selecting a reasonable restriction period discount to be applied to each of the 
Company's underlying private investments, several benchmarks were considered. 
These included, but were not limited to, the following: (1) discounts to NAV 
associated with publicly-traded closed-end investment companies ("CEICs"); (2) 
restricted stock studies; and (3) the limited market data available for the private 
equity interests in the secondary market. Each is described further below. 
• 
CEIC Samples: 
Two closed-end fund samples were developed: (1) 
business 
development 
companies 
("BDCs") 
and 
CEICs 
invested 
in 
underlying private equity investments; and (2) capital appreciation securities. 
The BDC sample included nine domestic closed-end funds invested primarily 
in mezzanine debt, private equity and venture capital securities. 
Implied 
discounts to NAV ranged from a premium of 3.8% to a discount of 
35.1%, with mean and median observed discounts of 11.7% and 8.9% for 
the sample. 
Note that discounts for equity focused funds had discounts 
between 19.9% and 35.1%. 
The capital appreciation sample had implied 
discounts that ranged between 4.5% and 19.3%, with mean and median 
implied discounts of 12.3% and 11.7% respectively. Note that the CEICs in 
the capital appreciation sample invested in publicly traded equity securities. 
See Exhibits I-1 and I-2. 
In addition to the fact that the landscape of potential willing buyers would be limited to 
"accredited investors" in most situations, any potential buyer would need to have the capacity to 
fund future capital calls. 
EFTA00590420
--- PAGE 22 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 22 
• 
Restricted Stock Studies: Addendum 4 to this report describes the results 
of several restricted stock studies which encompass several hundred 
restricted stock transactions that were completed between 1966 and 2008. 
Addendum 4 demonstrates that restricted stock discounts have declined over 
time as Rule 144 resale provisions have become less restrictive. 
Median 
restricted stock discounts for studies involving transactions completed prior 
to 1990, involving minimum required holding periods of at least two years, 
generally range from 25% to 45%. 
Median discounts associated with these 
studies are generally concentrated between 30% and 35%. 
• 
Secondary Market Data: 
Median bids for all fund sectors had implied 
discounts to NAV of 22.8%.34
Application of the PE Analysis: Application of a selected restriction period 
discount to each PE interest resulted in their respective market values, which were 
then included in the derivation of the Company's ABV. 
BFP's existing PE interest included three Apollo co-invest interests, and four 
non-Apollo related PE fund interests. 
Details regarding the funds were presented 
earlier in the report. All funds, except SWF, had remaining capital that could be 
called. ACIV, ACV, ACVI, HAO and WCP were only likely to have fund related 
expenses called. SWF was fully funded. TEN4 was recently formed and would have 
substantial capital calls, relative to the commitment, in the next few years. Apollo 
related PE interests did not pay management or carried interest fees. All of the PE 
fund interests were restrictive in that transfers were not allowed without the fund 
general partner's consent and withdrawals were not permitted. The Partnership did 
not have the ability to influence the future investments or divestitures of its 
holdings. 
The primary risk factor for the interests was the likely remaining term of each 
fund. The term, in addition to the other risk characteristics of the interests, were 
considered in the selection of the appropriate restriction period discounts. 
The 
following table summarizes the estimated cash equivalent value of the PE interests. 
NYPPEX Holdings, LLC's ("NYPPEX") Secondary "High" and "Median" Bid Indication 
Benchmarks, September 5, 2014. 
EFTA00590421
--- PAGE 23 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 
Page 23 
- Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Selected Restriction Period Discounts 
Entity 
ACIV 
Remaining 
Term 
(yrs.)" 
2.00 
Capital 
Account 
$464,127 
Selected 
Discount 
25% 
Market 
Value, 
rounded 
$350,000 
ACV 
2.00 
$3,060,606 
25% 
$2,300,000 
ACVI 
1.36 
$34,085,709 
20% 
$27,270,000 
HAO 
1.25 
$3,327,994 
25% 
$2,500,000 
SWF 
3.66 
$18,971,279 
35% 
$12,330,000 
WCP 
4.48 
$2,211,739 
35% 
$1,440,000 
TEN4 
8.58 
$684,341 
35% 
$440,000 
See Exhibit D for summary details of BFP's ABV and Exhibits E-1 through E-3 
for PE restriction period discount details. 
Valuation of Capital Market Interests 
The Partnership has three Apollo related evergreen fund interests (ASC, AVC and 
FCI II) and eight non-Apollo related interests (AHL, APTP, APSHL, ACP, CVRF, 
KSC, LC and MG). Empire's analysis began by segregating the capital accounts 
between unrestricted capital, which had liquidity rights with knowable withdrawal 
dates, and side-pocket investments, which had no liquidity rights or known term. 
A summary of the capital account balance for each capital market fund interest is 
presented in Exhibit F-1. 
Also included in Exhibit F-1 is each interest's allocation 
between side-pocketed investments and liquid investments available for withdrawal 
proceeds or requests. 
Put Option Analysis: The Partnership is subject to risk with respect to the 
unrestricted capital between the Valuation Date and the earliest possible withdrawal 
dates. 
One quantitative method to assist in determining the restriction period 
discount applicable to the Partnership's underlying investments is to estimate the 
costs that would be incurred by an investor if he were to attempt to "hedge" his 
position over the restriction period. 
In other words, if an investor is restricted 
from selling his interest should he change his outlook (or the stock price begins 
dropping), he would want protection (a hedge) from potential losses that could be 
" The terms for ACIV and ACV were past their contractual length, including extensions. Two years 
was used as an estimate for the period of time required to liquidate the remaining assets of 
each fund. 
EFTA00590422
--- PAGE 24 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 24 
incurred during the restriction period, yet would not want to give up the upside 
potential, as that is the reason for the investment in the first place. 
This provides 
a reasonable tool to estimate at least the liquidity-related portion of the restriction 
period discount. 
However, it was considered that this method of estimating a restriction period 
discount would only result in a "floor" value for the discount. 
Several factors 
contribute to this, including, but not limited to, the following: (1) to the extent that 
they are available, volatility metrics for hedge funds are generally based on monthly 
(not daily) reported data, which may lead to a smoothing of volatility measures 
over time; (2) volatility metrics based on historical investment returns only provide 
a measure of the historical risk of the underlying investment portfolio, but do not 
measure the business risk of the fund itself; (3) these measures do not account for 
risks associated with the fund general partner's or managing member's right to 
suspend or curtail withdrawals in certain situations; (4) such an analysis cannot 
capture the adverse impact of a gate, which generally limits withdrawals to a 
certain percentage of fund assets; and (5) perhaps most importantly, public 
investment vehicles that would be required for an investor to implement a perfect 
hedge against an illiquid asset such as a hedge fund interest simply do not exist. 
Due to these complications, it was considered that the application of an adjustment 
to each investment's capital account value based on a put option analysis only 
captured a portion of the overall risks associated with the investment, and did not 
result in the fair market value of the underlying investment. 
Instead, it was 
recognized that the investments remained subject to material business risks that were 
not captured by such an adjustment. 
Black Scholes Option Pricing Model Description: A put option gives the holder 
the right, but not the obligation, to sell a stock at a fixed price (a "strike" or 
"exercise" price) to a buyer. 
This type of option rises in value as the underlying 
stock price drops below the price at which the holder can sell it. 
The greater the 
drop in price, the more valuable the right to sell the shares at a fixed, higher 
price, becomes. 
A put option, with an exercise price equal to the capital account 
balance as of the Valuation Date, can be used to hedge a stock holding from 
downward price drops, since the value of the put rises to offset any drop in the 
stock price. 
The two assets combined, at expiration, should approximately equal 
the value of the stock position at the time the hedge was put in place, net of the 
costs related to the hedge. 
The Black-Scholes option model for valuing call options (the right but not the 
obligation to buy a share of stock at a fixed price) was developed by Fisher Black 
EFTA00590423
--- PAGE 25 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 25 
and Myron Scholes in the 1970s. 
The model is widely used in the pricing of 
options in the public markets, in risk-management (hedging), and in the accounting 
for compensation options under Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") 
guidelines. 
The model, using short sales and borrowings, reflects results assuming 
that the option value is equal to the security price, times a probability (that the 
ending price will exceed the strike price), minus the present value of the exercise 
price, times a probability. 
In valuing a put option, the output of the Black-Scholes model can be modified to 
determine the probability of a downward movement in a stock's price over time 
(relevant to a put), as opposed to an upward movement in the price (relevant to a 
call). 
To do so, the model's probabilities are changed to their reciprocals, and 
certain signs are changed to make the stock position assumed by the model a short 
position, instead of a long position with borrowed funds. 
These adjustments result 
in a put option model.36
The model has six inputs that determine value: (1) stock price; (2) exercise price; 
(3) risk-free rate; (4) the life, or term, of the option; (5) expected volatility; and 
(6) dividend yield. 
The first three inputs are easily observable; the impact of the 
last three inputs requires further discussion, as do the manner in which they were 
derived. 
1. Asset Price: The value of the underlying asset or stock. 
In this case, the 
unrestricted capital account balance of the Partnership's interest in a fund. 
2. Exercise Price: The price at which the holder of the option could sell the 
underlying asset upon exercise of the option. 
In this situation, the exercise 
price is equal to the asset price. 
3. Risk Free Rate: 
The risk rate used in the model is the continuously 
compounded risk-free rate for the term corresponding to the length of time 
remaining on an option. 
The appropriate yield was benchmarked by the 
return on U.S. Treasury securities having maturities that correspond with 
the term of the option. 
The Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 was 
used to determine the appropriate risk-free rate. 
4. Term of the Option: The term, or expected remaining life, of an option 
also has a significant impact on value. 
The longer the expected remaining 
life, the longer the stock has to potentially rise or fall to greater extent, 
J6 
Model based on article by James R. Mountain, Journal of Accountancy, January 19%. 
EFTA00590424
--- PAGE 26 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO 1 GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 26 
making the option more valuable. 
A longer term option on a high 
volatility stock can have significant value, whether it is a put or a call 
option. 
In this case, the term would be the period of time between the Valuation 
Date and the earliest possible withdrawal date after the Valuation Date. 
5. Volatility: The volatility of the underlying stock price has a significant 
impact on the value of an option. 
Volatility is a measure of how far up 
or down a stock could potentially go over a given period of time, based on 
the historical day-to-day trading patterns. 
Higher volatility increases the 
value of both call and put options. 
The higher the volatility, the higher 
the possible profits from owning an option and, hence, the higher the 
option's value. 
This relationship is somewhat counterintuitive, as the 
prospect of high volatility and greater investment risk generally lowers 
equity prices. 
The key difference, relative to equity pricing, is the limited 
downside risk of an option, which gives its owner the right but not the 
obligation to sell. 
Empire was provided with historical return and volatility specific to BFP's 
investments, as well as comparable benchmark hedge fund index returns and 
volatility were considered in estimating volatility for each subject interest. 
6. Dividends: 
Dividend payments impact value, but to a much lesser extent. 
Dividend payments reduce the value of a call option and increase the value 
of a put option, because cash flows out of the company to its shareholders 
but not to the option holders. The net result is that the prospective growth 
in the stock value of the company is slowed. 
When dividends are to be 
paid before the option expires, it is necessary to adjust the formula. 
In general, BFP's fund investments did not make regular distributions 
unless it is associated with investor withdrawals. 
As a result, dividend 
yield was assumed to be 0%. 
The Black-Scholes put option implied discounts are presented in Exhibit F-2. Other 
factors were also considered. 
Other Factors: The analysis outlined above indicates a theoretical cost of a 
protective put option of the value of the underlying security. 
However, the full 
cost incurred to hedge the value of the capital accounts until they could be 
redeemed would also include: (1) transaction costs associated with establishing such 
EFTA00590425
--- PAGE 27 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO1 GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 27 
custom put options, or a series of custom put options, over the stated period of 
time; (2) the financial counter-party 
in the put 
transaction would require 
compensation for assuming the risk associated with incomplete financial information 
resulting from the investments' private status; (3) payment methods that may be 
employed by the funds, i.e. payments may not be in cash; and (4) delayed and 
staggered payment after capital withdrawal from the funds. 
The total implied restriction period discount implied by the Black-Scholes put option 
pricing model and consideration for other factors is presented in Exhibit F-2. 
Restricted Stock Data: Restricted stock studies were sought for use in determining 
one possible benchmark for the discounts appropriate for application to each 
investment. 
Relevant restricted stock studies are summarized and described in 
Addendum 4 to this report. 
Overview: The restricted stock studies demonstrate that discounts do exist to 
compensate investors for their relative inability to liquidate an investment over the 
course of a given holding period. 
The statistics associated with the studies fell 
within a reasonably close range, although variation of implied discounts was noted 
within each of the studies. 
Variations in observed discounts were generally 
attributed to company-specific (i.e., investment specific) factors. 
The restricted 
stock study data also supports the notion that discounts declined when holding 
periods were reduced, which can be anticipated based on accepted financial theory. 
Based on these studies, we estimated that the discounts appropriate for lock-up 
periods of two years could be as high as 33%. 
While data points underlying the 
specific studies suggested that discounts could range much higher, it was considered 
that such high levels of discounts were frequently observed with investments that 
were subject to high levels of stock price volatility or business risk. 
As a result, 
the overall median restricted stock discount of approximately 33% for a two-year 
holding period was considered a reasonable upper boundary for use in this analysis. 
TVA Study - Holding Period Analysis: 
Addendum 4 includes a description of a 
study completed by Trugman Valuation Associates, Inc. ("TVA") that was published 
in the fall of 2009. After a detailed screening process, TVA identified 80 
transactions occurring between January 1, 2007 and August 19, 2008. 
The 
summary statistics associated with this study are presented at the beginning of 
Addendum 4. 
As a component of its study, TVA completed a holding period analysis by 
analyzing the impact of contractual registration rights on implied discounts. 
TVA 
EFTA00590426
--- PAGE 28 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 28 
indicated that a large majority of the 80 transactions in the study had registration 
rights. 
TVA performed additional research to verify the actual registration date, 
and calculated the number of days between the transaction date and the actual 
registration date. 
If no registration statement was filed with respect to a specific 
transaction, TVA assumed that the securities remained unregistered for the entire 
required holding period." 
TVA separated this data into quartiles, resulting in the 
statistics shown in the following table. 
TVA Analysis of Registration Rights 
Quartile 
Days Before 
Registration 
Average 
Discount 
11.6% 
Median 
Discount 
10.0% 
Standard 
Deviation 
8.0% 
0-31 days 
32-63 days 
14.3% 
12.99; 
11.3% 
64-185 days 
20.4% 
15.9% 
18.4% 
185+ days 
26.9% 
18.8% 
18.6% 
TVA's registration rights analysis suggests that implied discounts are positively 
correlated to implied holding periods, and provides useful information to assist in 
the development of benchmark discounts for holding periods up to six months. 
This analysis implies that holding period discounts even for short periods of time 
can be relatively significant. Although this information is helpful, the lack of block 
size and volatility data associated with each quintile makes the data difficult to 
interpret. 
For example, registered shares may still be subject to trading restrictions 
depending on the block size. Therefore, it is not clear based on the published data 
that the subject blocks of stock would be fully liquid upon registration. 
Further, 
discounts are generally recognized to increase as volatility increases, and the data 
presented does not permit an assessment of the relative impact of volatility on the 
observed discount. 
Analysis of FMV Study Data: Addendum 4 describes the 2007 edition of the FMV 
Restricted Stock Study' (the "2007 Discount Study") in detail, together with 
Empire's analysis of the underlying transaction data. 
To provide some additional 
data that will assist in developing benchmark discounts to account for the illiquidity 
of hedge fund investments, we refer to Empire's analysis of stock price volatility on 
implied discounts. This is considered relevant given the relatively low volatility that 
may be associated with hedge fund investments in comparison to many of the 
companies included in the data set. 
365 days prior to the change in Rule 144 on February 15, 2008, and 182 days thereafter. 
EFTA00590427
--- PAGE 29 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 29 
As described further in Addendum 4, the 475 transactions in the 2007 Discount 
Study were filtered and sorted based on certain key variables, including volatility. 
The sorted data included 285 transactions, and was divided into quintiles. 
The 
lowest quintile of volatility data had historical stock price volatility ranging from 
2.8% to 53.2%, with an average of 39.3%. 
Implied discounts associated with this 
quintile ranged from 0% to 84.3%. 
This quintile reflected a median discount of 
12.9%, as compared to a discount of 21.3% for the 280 remaining transactions for 
which volatility data was available. 
Conclusion: The overall restricted stock study data suggests that discounts are 
clearly applicable to account for lock-up periods during which an investment cannot 
be sold. The holding period analysis conducted by TVA provided the most relevant 
data for short periods. 
However, it must be considered that the underlying 
securities in these transactions may not be fully liquid upon registration, whereas a 
hedge fund investor generally has liquidity as of a given withdrawal date. 
Further, 
the underlying stock price volatility associated with the transactions in the TVA 
Study is likely to be higher than the volatility associated with the subject hedge 
funds. 
Taking these and other factors into account, we estimated a reasonable 
range of discounts likely applicable to investments with lock-up periods up to two 
years. This is shown in the following table. 
Estimated Restriction Period Discounts 
Luck-up Period 
0-1 Months 
Estimated Discount 
Range 
1-5% 
1-6 Months 
5-7% 
6-12 Months 
7-10% 
13-18 Months 
11-25% 
19-24 Months 
26-33% 
It should be recognized that these estimated ranges are likely to overlap; i.e., the 
restriction period discount ultimately appropriate to a specific investment is 
dependent on the attributes of that particular investment. 
Application of the Capital Market Analysis: Application of a selected restriction 
period discount to each capital market fund interest resulted in their respective 
market values, which were then included in the derivation of the Partnership's 
ABV. 
EFTA00590428
--- PAGE 30 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO1 GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 30 
Side-pocket investments were considered to be more like a PE investment. 
As 
such, side-pocket portions of the capital account balances were discounted based on 
methods described above with respect to PE investments. Note, FC1 II had an 
unfunded capital commitment balance of approximately $14.4 million and AHL had 
an unfunded capital commitment balance of $41.6 million. 
All other investments 
considered did not have required capital contributions in the foreseeable future. The 
following table summarizes the estimated cash equivalent value of the capital market 
interests. 
Selected Restriction Period Discounts - Capital Market Funds 
Entity 
Side Pocket 
Capital 
Unrestricted 
Capital 
53,051,278 
Selected Side 
Pocket RPD33
30% 
Selected Liquid 
Ca .ital RPD 
100% 
Market Value 
$3,060,000 
ASC 
$61,331 
AVC 
$7,420 
$8,104,238 
30% 
1.00% 
$8,030,000 
FCI II 
$8,018,559 
$0 
30% 
n/a 
$5,610,000 
AHL 
$10,400,000 
$0 
30% 
n/a 
$7,280,000 
APTP 
$13,774 
$0 
30% 
n/a 
$10,000 
APSHL 
$0 
$0 
n/a 
n/a 
$0 
ACP 
$0 
$17,952,278 
n/a 
5.00% 
$17,050,000 
CVRF 
$0 
$19,082,039 
n/a 
4.00% 
$18,320,000 
KSC 
$1,009,166 
$0 
30% 
n/a 
$710,000 
LC 
$0 
$35,508,728 
n/a 
5.00% 
$33,730,000 
MG 
$0 
$24,823,922 
n/a 
4.00% 
$23,830,000 
See Exhibit D for summary details of BFP's ABV and Exhibits F-1 through F-3 for 
capital market fund restriction period discount details. 
Valuation of Miscellaneous Interests 
A. Valuation of Interest in Truckast 
Truckast was a development stage company whose primary product was proprietary 
software for the concrete industry. 
As of the Valuation Date, Truckast has yet to 
be profitable and, according to the accountants review for 2012 financial statements, 
its ability to survive as a going concern was not certain. 
BFP had no ability to 
cause an exit event for the company's current investors and the company had a 
perpetual term. 
Additionally, BFP could not sell or transfer its interest in Truckast 
Restriction Period Discount 
EFTA00590429
--- PAGE 31 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 31 
in the interim without written consent from its managing member. 
As such, a 
combined discount of 35% for lack of control and marketability was applied to 
BFP's capital account balance. Therefore, the fair market value of BFP's interest in 
Truckast was estimated to be $796,301 [$1,225,078 x (1 - 35%)]. See Exhibit D. 
B. Valuation of Interest in KUE 
KUE was a development stage holding company whose subsidiaries were for profit 
education companies for the 'IC through 12' level. BFP's capital account balance 
indicated a price-to-book value for KUE of approximately 1.0 times. Comparable 
guideline companies have price-to-book ratios between 0.0 times and 16.5 times, 
with a mean and median of 3.0 times and 1.6 times. Therefore, BFP's capital 
account balance was considered a reasonable proxy for the fully marketable minority 
value for the subject interest. BFP had no ability to cause an exit event for the 
company's current investors and the company had a perpetual term. 
Additionally, 
BFP could not sell or transfer its interest in KUE in the interim without written 
consent from its managing member. KUE did make its first distribution to its 
investors during the third quarter of 2013. 
Further, the company is seeking to 
complete an IPO by October 2015, or if an IPO does not occur, some other exit 
event by October 2017. 
As such, a combined discount of 25% for lack of 
marketability and lack of control was applied to BFP's capital account balance of 
$34,005,878. Therefore, the fair market value of BFP's interest in KUE was 
estimated to be $25.5 million [$34,005,878 x (1 - 25%)]. 
The same discount was 
applied to BFP's interest in KUE GP, resulting in a value of $25,530 for the 
subject interest [$34,040 x (1 - 25%)]. See Exhibit D. 
C. Valuation of Interests in ESWW Stock and Convertible Notes 
The ESWW stock had a market price of $175 per share at the Valuation Date. 
The stock is thinly traded, with a median trading volume of 200 shares per day 
traded in the six months prior to the Valuation Date. The stock only traded on 5 
days over the same period. 
The company had approximately 130,000 shares 
outstanding. 
Based on BFP's specific block of stock and control position an 
illiquidity discount was considered appropriate. Based on the restricted stock studies 
and TVA study discussed above and the size of the block relative to the depth of 
the market a 10% discount was considered reasonable. 
Therefore, the adjusted 
value of the ESWW common stock held by BFP was $2,266,796. 
The ESWW convertible notes have a book value of $3,066,793, including accrued 
interest. The notes have a conversion price of $80 per common share. 
The notes 
have an annual interest rate of 10% paid semi-annually in March and September. 
EFTA00590430
--- PAGE 32 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 32 
The notes mature March 22, 2018. The estimated value of the ESWW convertible 
notes are based on the sum of the conversion value of the notes' face value plus 
the present value of expected future interest payments. Similar to the illiquidity 
discount applied to the common stock position, the value of the notes attributable to 
the conversion value was adjusted to account for its illiquidity and restriction 
period. Again, the notes would not convert until March 2018. Based on the studies 
mentioned above and the specific attributes of the ESWW convertible notes, an 
illiquidity discount of 25% was applied to the market price at the Valuation Date. 
Based on an adjusted share price of $131.25 per share the estimated market value 
of the ESWW convertible notes was $5.9 million, at the Valuation Date. 
D. Valuation of Interest in Rally 
Rally was a development stage company whose primary product was an over the 
counter hangover remedy. 
BFP had no ability to cause an exit event for the 
company's current investors and the company had a perpetual term. 
Additionally, 
BFP could not sell or transfer its interest in Rally in the interim without written 
consent from its managing member. As such, a combined discount of 35% for lack 
of control and marketability was applied to BFP's capital account balance. 
Therefore, the fair market value of BFP's interest in Rally was estimated to be 
$122,210 [$188,015 x (1 - 35 %)]. See Exhibit D. 
E. Valuation of Interest in T-INK 
T-INK was a development stage company whose primary product was an interactive, 
technology enabled ink. 
BFP had no ability to cause an exit event for the 
company's current investors and the company had a perpetual term. 
As such, a 
combined discount of 35% for lack of control and marketability was applied to 
BFP's capital account balance. Therefore, the fair market value of BFP's interest in 
T-INK was estimated to be $65,002 [$100,003 x (1 - 35%)]. See Exhibit D. 
F. Valuation of Interest in Artbinder 
Artbinder developed and is marketing a digital platform for art galleries. 
BFP had 
no ability to cause an exit event for the company's current investors and the 
company had a perpetual term. 
As such, a combined discount of 35% for lack of 
control and marketability was applied to BFP's capital account balance. Therefore, 
the fair market value of BFP's interest in Artbinder was estimated to be $6,499 
[$9,998 x (1 - 35 %)] . See Exhibit D. 
EFTA00590431
--- PAGE 33 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 33 
Valuation of Apollo Ownership Interests 
At the Valuation Date, the Partnership held the following ownership interests in 
Apollo and the Apollo Operating Group. 
The mean between the high and the low 
of Apollo's stock was $23.83 per share on the Valuation Date. 
Apollo Ownership Units 
nit 1' pc 
AOG 
?; of Units 
Grant Date 
9'2,727,166 
7/13/2007 
Unrestricted 
Value 
$2,209,224,730 
The AOG Units were restricted from trading. By definition, restricted shares cannot 
be considered as marketable as freely tradable shares. 
Therefore, in order to 
determine the market value of the units, the impact of these restrictions must be 
considered and incorporated into the valuation. 
Empirical studies indicate that the factors which most influence the size of the lack 
of marketability discounts applicable to a block of restricted stock are: (1) the 
length of time which the stock has to be held (time value of money) before sale 
(resale restrictions); (2) the volatility of the security (risk); (3) the size of the block 
and the stock's available trading float; (4) the capitalization size and creditworthiness 
of the corporation; and (5) the outlook for the company, its industry, and its 
relative position therein. 
The analysis for the AOG Units is presented below. 
A put option analysis, as 
described previously was applied to estimate the appropriate restriction period 
discount. 
Additionally, the TRA benefit associated with AOG Units is considered 
and valued separately below. 
The DCF method was applied to value the TRA 
benefit. 
A. Apollo Operating Group Units 
The AOG Units were subject to a schedule that restricted their trading established 
in July 2007 when Apollo was formed through the consolidation of the Apollo 
operating group. 
Again, according to the Exchange Agreement, AOG Units would 
be exchangeable into Class A Apollo shares. 
Since Apollo had successfully 
completed its IPO the restriction period had officially begun and the restriction 
period was known for the Partnership's AOG Units. 
Based on annual delivery on 
March 29 that began in 2013 and will go through 2017, a put option analysis could 
be modeled for each block of AOG Units delivered or available for exchange. As 
EFTA00590432
--- PAGE 34 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 34 
of the Valuation Date, BFP's first and second tranches were exchangeable, but due 
to the insider status of Leon Black and his affiliation with the Partnership, the 13.9 
million exchangeable AOG units were still subject to SEC Rule 144 trading 
restrictions. 
Again, the Black-Scholes option pricing model was previously discussed. 
Specific 
input parameters used for the put option model are presented in Exhibit G-1. These 
included: (1) block value; (2) exercise price; (3) term; (4) volatility; (5) dividend 
yield; and (6) risk-free rate. 
An incremental adjustment for other factors not captured by the theoretical implied 
discount derived from the put option model was added to the implied discount and 
ranged between 0.5% and 2.75%. 
Overall, implied discounts for the restriction 
period imposed on the AOG Units ranged between 7.3% and 28.3%. Applying the 
implied discounts to the appropriate AOG Unit blocks resulted in a restriction 
period adjusted market value of $1.69 billion for BFP's AOG Units. 
See 
Exhibit G-1. 
As noted above, the AOG Units have an associated TRA benefit derived from the 
tax shield provided upon exchange to APO Corp. The value of the TRA benefit is 
calculated in the following section. 
B. AOG Unit TRA Tax Shield 
As with many complex assets, the TRA could be valued using different methods or 
inputs. 
In this instance, valuing an explicitly projected future cash flow stream for 
the TRA, incorporating the myriad of assumptions for Apollo's status upon future 
conversions (e.g., future share price values, tangible asset values, business segment 
breakouts related to the TRA, existence and timing of IPO, etc.) was viewed as 
being highly unreliable and purely speculative in nature. 
In order to simplify the 
analysis, it was assumed the exchange occurs immediately at today's price and 
known facts about the business. 
A present value for the amortization benefit was 
then calculated. 
Since this derived value would not begin flowing for a number of years (2.4 years 
on a weighted average basis based on conversion restrictions as discussed earlier), 
the TRA value was assumed to be locked-up for that period of time. 
This treats 
the asset similar to a restricted stock that could, in fact, fluctuate up or down in 
value over the 2.4 years. 
The TRA value could go up or down if any of many 
things, including the following, change: company share price, business mix, tangible 
versus intangible assets, future interest/discount rates, etc. 
To account for this 
EFTA00590433
--- PAGE 35 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 35 
restriction period, a lack of liquidity/marketability discount was calculated and 
applied to the present value of the TRA derived below, again similar to the put 
option analysis approach applied to the AOG Units (excluding the TRA benefit) in 
the previous section. 
While one can argue there are other methods one might use, 
this was considered to provide a reasonable estimate of this portion of the value of 
the AOG Units. 
Projected TRA Cash Flows: In order to complete a DCF analysis, it is necessary 
to develop an explicit forecast for TRA cash flows, together with a required rate of 
return by which those cash flows can be discounted back to their present value. 
The TRA cash flows are derived from the step-up in basis upon the exchange of 
the AOG Units into Class A shares for sale. Again, according to Management, the 
basis of the AOG Units is $0. 
Therefore, upon an exchange of the Units, the 
price per Class A share multiplied by the number of Units exchanged for Class A 
shares represents the step-up in basis. 
The value of Apollo's Class A shares is derived from the expected future cash 
flows attributed to its ownership of APO Asset Co., LLC and APO Corp. 
However, the tax benefit derived by the step-up in basis upon the exchange of the 
AOG Units is realized only by APO Corp. 
According to internal reports provided 
by Apollo regarding fair value of reporting units in the Apollo Operating Group, 
APO Corp. accounted for approximately 69.99% of Apollo's value. 
Consequently, 
the aggregate value amortizable due to a future exchange is estimated to be $1.5 
billion. 
This amount is amortizable over a 15-year period, or $103.1 million per 
year. 
This results in an annual tax benefit of $41.6 million per year based on an 
effective tax rate of 40.35%. 
The effective tax rate is based on Management's 
projections for the statutory federal and state corporate tax rates. See Exhibit G-3. 
To the extent that APO Corp. does not have sufficient taxable income to fully 
recognize the amortization expense derived from the exchange, the remaining 
balance can be carried over as a net operating loss carry-forward until such time as 
a sufficient taxable income amount is earned where the expense can be charged and 
a tax benefit realized. 
The cash flows attributable to the tax benefit of an exchange of the AOG Units 
have been determined. Next, an appropriate discount rate must be applied in order 
to determine the present value of the TRA's tax benefit. 
Derivation of Required Rate of Return: The discount rate to be derived for the 
tax benefit of the TRA represents the required rate of return which an investor 
would demand at a point in time in order to invest in the TRA asset. 
This 
EFTA00590434
--- PAGE 36 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO1 GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 36 
discount rate reflects current rates of return seen in the public capital markets plus 
a number of company- and industry-specific factors. 
The appropriate required rate of return for the TRA is based on Apollo's cost of 
equity, since the tax benefit is based on taxable income, i.e. after debt service. 
The equity discount rate to be derived for an entity's cash flows represents the 
required rate of return that an investor would demand at a point in time in order to 
hold an ownership interest in its capital. This discount rate reflects current rates of 
return seen in the public capital markets plus a number of company- and industry-
specific factors. 
Additionally, market-based rates of return at the Valuation Date are summarized in 
the following table. 
Details regarding the selection of discount rates based on 
comparable guideline companies are presented in Exhibit H-1 and H-2. 
Summary of Required Rates of Return 
Source 
20- ear U.S. Treasure Rate (risk-free rate)" 
Required Rate 
of Return 
2.90% 
Prime Rate°
3.25% 
Larle Ca. Stocks" 
9.00% 
Small Ca. Stocks" 
15.30% 
The discount rate, or the rate of return that investors require, incorporates the 
following elements: 
• 
A "risk-free rate," which generally is the rate available on instruments 
considered to have no default risk, such as U.S. Treasuries. The risk-free 
rate compensates the investor for renting out their money and for the 
expected loss of purchasing power (inflation) during the holding period. 
Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.I5. 
4° Ibid. 
4, Stocks, Bonds, Bills and Inflation: Classic Edition 2014 Yearbook, Morningstar, Inc., 2014, Chicago, 
Illinois. For large capitalization stocks the calculation is a sum of the risk-free rate and the 
expected returns of 6.1 % realized on large capitalization stocks over the risk-free rate. Small 
capitalization stocks, which are riskier by virtue of their smaller revenue and income base and 
capitalization, have returned an additional 6.3% above the return witnessed for large 
capitalization stocks. 
Ibid. 
EFTA00590435
--- PAGE 37 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO1 GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 37 
• 
A premium for risk, which incorporates the degree of uncertainty as to the 
realization of the expected return. The risk premium includes: (1) systematic 
risk related to the movements in returns on the investment market in general; 
and (2) unsystematic risk, which is risk specific to the subject investment. 
This discount rate reflects current rates of return seen in the public capital markets, 
plus a number of company- and industry-specific factors. 
Capital Asset Pricing Model ("CAPM"): 
The cost of equity estimate was 
developed with the CAPM. 
The CAPM is a model that is commonly used to 
obtain discount rates for valuation purposes. 
The basic logic of the CAPM model 
is that a company's risk premium is determined by the sensitivity of its stock price, 
i.e. equity value, to the price changes of the market as measured by an appropriate 
broad-based index, e.g. S&P 500 ("systematic risk," measured by Beta). 
This 
model has been one of the primary underpinnings of applied work in finance due to 
its simple, intuitive logic and ease of application. 
The model used to develop our estimates of cost of equity is as follows: 
Ke = 
Rp (Beta) + Rsm 
Where: 
Ke 
Rf 
Rp 
= 
Beta 
Cost of Equity 
Risk free rate of return 
Market Risk Premium 
Small Company Risk Premium 
Sensitivity of the security to changes in the 
market 
The cost of equity, Kg was identified based upon publicly available information. 
Betas of a group of selected U.S.-traded guideline companies were obtained from 
the Blootnberg Network. 
The betas were first unlevered based upon the respective 
firms' capital structures and an unlevered beta was selected for Apollo to use as a 
proxy for the three GP entities considered in this section. Then, the selected beta 
was relevered based upon the guideline companies' debt-to-equity ratios and Apollo's 
expected long-term debt-to-equity ratio. See Exhibit H-1. 
The resulting cost of equity of 13.0% is based upon an unlevered beta factor of 
1.4. 
The determination of the cost of equity using the CAPM is included in 
Exhibit H-2. 
EFTA00590436
--- PAGE 38 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
AP01 GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 38 
Asset Specific Risk Adjustments: 
Again, the unadjusted equity rate of 13.0% 
selected above is without consideration of asset specific risk factors for the TRA. 
Therefore, in order to reflect asset-specific risks, an additional risk adjustment must 
be considered for application to the equity discount rate derived above. 
Risk 
factors relevant to the revenue stream are discussed below. 
• 
The exact timing of the future tax benefits is based on achieving sufficient 
taxable income necessary to receive the tax benefit over the minimum period 
of 15 years. 
• 
The taxable income sufficient to fully recognize the TRA tax benefit may be 
impacted by the exchange of other A0G Units with similar tax receivable 
agreements, as well as the existing 
tax benefit 
resulting 
from 
the 
restructuring of A0G and subsequent 144A sale in 2007. 
• 
TRA payments are on par with unsecured debt, and are senior to dividend 
payments to A0G Class A shares. 
Based on the risk factors cited above, a TRA specific discount rate of 12.75% was 
selected. 
Conclusion of Fully Marketable Value of TRA: 
Applying the discount rate of 
12.75% to the forecasted TRA tax benefit cash flows results in the present value of 
the incremental benefit at $272.2 million. 
The calculated benefit related to the 
exchange of the A0G Units is shared 85% by the A0G Unit-holder and 15% by 
APO Corp (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Apollo.) Therefore, the fully marketable 
value attributable to the TRA associated with the A0G Units is $231.3 million. 
Put Option Analysis — TRA: The put option analysis described above with respect 
to the restriction period of the A0G Units was applied to determine the restriction 
period discount for the TRA. 
Below are the specific inputs utilized to derive the 
cost of hedging the TRA with a put option as of the Valuation Date. 
See also 
Exhibit G-4. 
• 
Current Stock Price and Exercise Price: $231.3 million per the analysis 
discussed above and presented in Exhibit G-4. 
• 
Volatility: 40% was selected as the volatility input. This figure was 
determined after analyzing the historical and implied volatilities of the 
comparable guideline companies and reviewing the Company's volatility 
EFTA00590437
--- PAGE 39 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 39 
assumptions as stated in its SEC filings. A sample set of guideline 
companies' volatility measures was gathered and is presented in Exhibit G-2. 
• 
Dividend yield: 0% was used as this is a hypothetical situation. 
Since the 
option holder will get any dividends paid since they own the underlying 
shares, their position is not harmed by such payments. 
• 
Term: The term used was based on the schedule provided by the Exchange 
Agreement. 
Based on the Shareholders Agreement, the Units can be 
exchanged after the expiration of a two-year lock-up following the successful 
pricing of the Company's IPO. 
The exchange is subject to a schedule that 
allows the Unit-holder to exchange 7.5% of the aggregate Units held in each 
of four successive years. 
The remaining 70% of the Units can be 
exchanged in the fifth year following the initial lock-up. Again, the first and 
second tranches were exchangeable as of the Valuation Date, but were 
subject to SEC Rule 144. The weighted average age of an exchange (and 
SEC Rule 144 for the first and second tranches) is 2.4 years. 
This is the 
period which the hypothetical buyer would have to wait before effectively 
beginning to realize the benefit of the TRA payments. 
• 
Risk-free Rate: The Valuation Date yield of 0.75%, on a continuously 
compounded basis, based on the average U.S. Treasury notes for 2-years and 
3-years. 
The theoretical cost of a put option for the Units calculated to be 23.2% of the 
fully marketable value of the TRA. See Exhibit G-4. 
The TRA was not publicly 
traded (like the Class A shares). 
Therefore, based on the implied lack of marketability discount from the put option 
analysis, Empire selected 23% for the lack of marketability discount applicable to 
the fully marketable value of the TRA. Applying a 23% lack of marketability 
discount to the fully marketable value of $231.3 million for the TRA results in a 
fair market value estimate of $178.0 million, rounded, for the TRA associated with 
the AOG Units. See Exhibit G-3. 
EFTA00590438
--- PAGE 40 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO1 GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 40 
C. 2007 Transaction TRA Benefit 
Management provided projections for existing TRA dividend payment liability." 
The aggregate projected TRA dividend payments and pro rata 41.68%" share 
attributable to BFP are presented in Exhibit G-5. 
Next, an appropriate discount 
rate must be applied in order to determine the present value of the TRA dividends. 
As estimated above, Apollo's cost of equity was 13.0%. 
Pursuant to the TRA, 
dividend payments made pursuant to the agreement are always subordinate to any 
debt payments Apollo may have at the Valuation Date or in the future. 
This 
argues for a rate of return of at least a high-yield corporate bones 
At the same 
time, the dividend payments were considered less risky than Apollo's cost of equity 
since the TRA dividend did have a contractual claim on the Company's cash flows 
prior to any shareholder distributions. 
As such a reasonable range to consider for 
the discount rate applicable to the existing TRA benefit was between 6.1% and 
13.0%. 
The projected existing TRA dividend payments were considered more like 
debt than equity. Therefore, Empire selected 10% as the required rate of return to 
apply to the projected existing TRA dividend payments. 
Concluded Value of the Existing TRA Dividends: 
A 10% discount rate was 
applied to BFP's projected pro ram share of existing TRA dividends. 
The present 
value of BFP's aggregate TRA dividend was $93.0 million. See Exhibit G-5 
Valuation of Black Family Partners, LP 
A. BFP's Adjusted Book Value 
As discussed above, a willing buyer would typically assess the value of BFP's 
capital on the basis of its underlying assets. Thus, it is reasonable to utilize AAM 
as a valuation method. 
Book value, unadjusted, is another name for the shareholders' equity account as it 
appears on the balance sheet. 
Again, ABV as a willing buyer would assess it 
a The term 'existing' is used to distinguish it from the potential TRA tax benefit associated with the 
92.7 million AOG units discussed in the previous sections of this report. 
Whereas the existing 
TRA tax benefit amount, and to a large extent timing, are known, it is not the case for the 
potential TRA tax benefit associated with the possible future sale of AOG units. 
The pro rata share of 41.68% is based on the historical sharing ratio attributable to BFP at the 
July 2007 transaction that triggered the TRA benefit. 
BB rated corporate bonds had an average yield of 6.07% at the Valuation Date. 
EFTA00590439
--- PAGE 41 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 41 
involves determining the value of a company's bundle of assets, less its liabilities, 
but before transaction costs. 
This analysis began by using the Partnership's Valuation Date balance sheet. 
In 
doing so, each asset and liability was assessed to determine its estimated market 
value as of the Valuation Date. 
A summary of the Partnership's assets and 
liabilities adjusted to reflect their market values as of the Valuation Date is 
summarized below. 
In general the adjustments made to stated capital account 
balances reflect the restrictions imposed upon BFP and its inherent inability to 
realize the stated capital account balance value of its assets. 
Detailed analyses 
regarding the adjustments were discussed above. 
• 
Cash: The Partnership had a checking account with $11.4 million and a 
money market fund with $1.8 million. No adjustments were made to the 
cash account balances. 
• 
AINV Stock: The Partnership held 603,632 shares of AINV stock. 
The 
stock closed at $8.78 per share on the Valuation Date, with a mean value of 
$8.81 per share. 
Therefore, the block of stock had a value of $5.3 million 
(based on the mean per share value) at the Valuation Date. 
• 
ESWW Stock: The Partnership held 14,392 shares of ESWW stock. 
The 
stock closed at $175 per share on the Valuation Date, with a mean value of 
$175 per share. The per share price was reduced by 10% for illiquidity, as 
discussed above 
Therefore, the block of stock had an adjusted value of 
$2,266,796 (based on the mean per share value) at the Valuation Date. 
• 
AAA Stock: The Partnership held 28,370 shares of AAA stock. 
The stock 
closed at $32.00 per share on the Valuation Date, with a mean value of 
$32.00 per share. 
Therefore, the block of stock had a value of $907,840 
(based on the mean per share value) at the Valuation Date. 
• 
LRN Stock: The Partnership held 106,026 shares of LRN stock. The stock 
closed at $18.46 per share on the Valuation Date, with a mean value of 
$18.55 per share. Therefore, the block of stock had a value of $2.0 million 
(based on the mean per share value) at the Valuation Date. 
• 
PE/Fixed-Term Entity Direct Interests: The PE interests were direct 
investments in various Apollo private equity funds and non-Apollo private 
equity funds. 
The capital account balances were adjusted, as summarized in 
EFTA00590440
--- PAGE 42 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO! GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 42 
detail previously in this report. 
The following table presents the capital 
account balance and adjusted book value of each interest. 
PE/Fixed-Term Fund Interests 
Entity 
Capital Account 
Balance 
.kdjusted 
Book \ aloe. 
rounded 
$350,000 
ACIV 
$464,127 
ACV 
$3,060,606 
$2,300,000 
ACVI 
$34,085,709 
$27,270,000 
HAO 
$3,327,994 
$2,500,000 
SWF 
$18,971,279 
$12,330,000 
WCP 
$2,211,739 
$1,440,000 
TEN4 
$684,341 
$440,000 
• 
Capital Market/Hedge Funds: The Partnership had investments in five 
Apollo related funds and one unrelated fund. 
The following table presents 
the capital account balance and adjusted book value of each interest. 
Capital Market Fund Interests 
Entity 
ASC 
Capital Account 
Balance 
$3,112,609 
Adjusted 
Book Value, 
rounded 
$3,060,000 
AVC 
$8,111,658 
$8,030,000 
FCI II 
$8,018,559 
$5,610,000 
AHL 
$10,400,000 
$7,280,000 
APTP 
$13,774 
$10,000 
APSHL 
$0 
$0 
ACP 
$17,952,278 
$17,050,000 
CVRF 
$19,082,039 
$18,320,000 
KSC 
$1,009,166 
$710,000 
LC 
$35,508,728 
$33,730,000 
MG 
$24,823,922 
$23,830,000 
• 
Apollo Operating Group Ownership: T to Partnership, through BRH and 
Holdings, holds a block of AOG Units. AOG Unit ownership has significant 
restrictions regarding when the Partnership is able to sell the respective units. 
EFTA00590441
--- PAGE 43 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 43 
These details were discussed previously. 
Additionally, the AOG Units have 
the TRA which provided an economic benefit to the Partnership via its 
indirect ownership of the AOG Units not captured by Apollo's stock price. 
Apollo Operating Group Interests 
Entity 
AOG Units (w/o TRA) 
TRA Benefit (future) 
IMMETIETS 
Capital Account 
Adjusted Book 
Balance 
Value 
$2,209,224,730 
$0 
$0 
$1,690,000,000 
$178,000,000 
$93,000,000 
• 
Miscellaneous Interests: A summary of the Partnership's other assets is 
presented in the following table. 
Miscellaneous Interests 
bait\ 
Capital Account 
Balance 
Adjusted Book 
Value, rounded 
Truckast LLC 
$1,225,078 
$796,301 
Knowledge Universe Education LP 
$34,005,878 
$25,504,409 
KU Management, Inc. 
$34,040 
$25,530 
ESWW Convertible Notes 
$3,066,793 
$5,877,558 
Rally Labs, LLC 
$188,015 
$122,210 
T-INK, Inc. 
$100,003 
$65,002 
Artbinder Inc. 
$9,998 
$6,499 
• 
Promissory Notes and Receivables: No adjustments were made to BFP's 
related party note balances or receivables. 
• 
Liabffities: The Partnership had no liabilities at the Valuation Date. 
Based on the estimated market value of BFP's assets and liabilities, the 
Partnership's ABV can be stated at $2,227,697,887, or $78,595,231 for a pro rata 
3.5281% limited partnership interest. See Exhibit D. 
B. Discount for Lack of Control and Marketability 
The appraisal of any business is as much an art as a science. One reason that the 
value of a closely-held business is never completely objective is that much of this 
EFTA00590442
--- PAGE 44 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 44 
value lies in less quantifiable factors, such as marketability and control. 
The value 
that was derived above using the asset accumulation method is a fully controlling, 
fully marketable value. 
However, a minority shareholder of BFP has neither a 
control position nor a ready market for his or her interest. 
The following discussion will address the factors which are considered relevant 
when determining appropriate discounts for control and lack of marketability. 
It 
should be noted that the criteria used to determine each discount individually can 
overlap. 
As such, although the following discussion addresses each discount 
separately, a combined discount for lack of control and marketability was applied to 
the freely tradable value of BFP's equity to determine its fair market value. 
1. Discount for Lack of Control 
When valuing a company, a valuation methodology which utilizes required rates of 
return from the public market is generally assumed to be a minority interest value. 
However, when consideration is given for a controlling interest position, as is the 
case when using the asset accumulation method, the controlling interest holder has 
the ability to exercise the prerogatives of control (e.g., the ability to set dividends 
and salaries, and make daily business decisions). 
The value of this control is 
usually recognized by a premium over the non-controlling interest valuation, as is 
demonstrated by the transaction data cited below. 
Since a non-controlling interest 
position is being valued, some discount for lack of control, or the inverse of the 
stated premiums, must be considered. 
The application of a discount for lack of control is particularly warranted in 
appraising limited partnership and non-managing membership interests in investment 
holding companies. 
Even without overt restrictions, a holding company interposes 
itself between an owner and the investment assets, thus creating administrative costs 
that would otherwise not be present. 
If an investor can purchase the same 
investment assets directly, without a discount there is no incentive for that investor 
to buy an interest in a holding company at its pro rata capital account value. The 
owners of non-controlling interests lack the ability to control operations, make or 
determine the level of distributions, or force dissolution. 
In order to benchmark an appropriate discount for lack of control to use in valuing 
a non-managing membership interest, several benchmarks were considered. 
These 
included: (i) generic evidence of lack of control; and (ii) a sample of CEIC's 
invested in U.S. Government and Agency bonds. 
Mergerstat Data: 
Publicly traded stocks are by definition freely tradable interests. 
Thus, when a bidder seeks control of a public company, a premium over its stocks' 
EFTA00590443
--- PAGE 45 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 45 
market pricing is usually paid. 
This is because certain prerogatives, or levels of 
control, are transferred with percentages of ownership above 50%, such as the 
authority to: 
• 
Determine management compensation and perquisites; 
• 
Declare and pay dividends; 
• 
Sell or acquire assets and/or liabilities; 
• 
Change the articles of incorporation or by-laws; and 
• 
Liquidate, dissolve, sell, or recapitalize the company. 
In determining an enterprise value, then, the incremental value of control is usually 
recognized by a premium over the non-controlling interest valuation, as is 
demonstrated by the transactions cited below. Conversely, the use of an asset-based 
valuation method is implicitly assumed to generate a 100% controlling interest, or 
enterprise, value. Since a non-controlling interest is under analysis, however, the 
inverse of these stated premiums' 6 should be considered representative of the 
diminution of value due to lack of control. 
A publication by FactSet Mergerstat LLC ("Mergerstat"), entitled MergerstateReview 
2014 was surveyed for comparatively generic evidence of the discounts appropriate 
for lack of control in companies. 
Mergerstat tracks merger and acquisition activity 
for public companies. 
For all industries over the five years 2009 to 2013: (i) the 
mean control premiums paid over a stock's market pricing varied from 44.0% to 
58.7%; (ii) the median premiums varied from 29.7% to 39.8%; and (iii) the 
five-year transaction-weighted average of the median premium was 35.8%. 
This 
latter premium corresponds to a discount for lack of control of 26.4% (1 - [1 + (1 
+ 35.8%)]). 
Additionally, information from Mergerstat' 0' Second Quarter 2014 Control Pretniwn 
Study (the "Premium Study") was considered. 
It 
reported that, between 
July 1, 2013 and June 30, 2014, there were 454 transactions across all industries in 
which control was acquired, with a median premium of 29.1% and a mean 
premium of 44.7%. 
These premiums mathematically correspond to respective lack 
of control discounts of 22.5% and 30.9%. 
Closed-End Investment Company Benchmark: 
Discounts to NAV, or ICDs, 
associated with publicly traded closed-end funds or limited partnerships provide 
estimates that can serve as a base to determine a reasonable proxy for a lack of 
control discount. 
Generally, ICDs tend to be lower for funds with diversified 
Implied discount for lack of control equals 1 - (I + [1 + control premiuml). 
EFTA00590444
--- PAGE 46 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 46 
portfolios of low risk assets (i.e., U.S. government and agency securities). 
ICDs 
tend to increase as the portfolios become more risky (equities and private 
investments) or less diversified (either concentrated in one industry or with a 
concentration in a specific security). 
A sample of four CEICs invested primarily in government bonds and securities is 
presented in Exhibit I-3. 
ICDs associated with this sample ranged between 6.1% 
and 11.6%, with a median ICD of 9.1% and an average ICD of 8.9%. 
The 
sample's median yield was 4.2%. 
2. Discount for Lack of Marketability 
a. Background 
Since there is no public market for the Partnership's stock, we applied a lack of 
marketability discount to account for the illiquid nature of the stock. 
In selecting 
an appropriate discount for lack of marketability, we performed both a qualitative 
and quantitative analysis. 
The qualitative analysis involved an assessment of key 
factors impacting marketability, as well as relevant restricted stock studies. 
The 
quantitative assessment involved analyzing restricted stock data based on key 
financial measures that influence the degree of marketability for the interest in 
question. 
b. Restricted Stock Studies — Qualitative Assessment 
As part of the qualitative analysis, we reviewed restricted stock studies covering 
transactions between 1966 and 2008. These studies are summarized in Addendum 4 
of this report. 
The studies, which cover several hundred transactions over the 
specified time period, concluded that mean or median lack of marketability discounts 
typically range between 25% and 35%. 
It is important to note that all shares of restricted stock observed in these studies 
would be tradable (subject to blockage issues) on an established public exchange 
following the expiration of a defined restriction period.' 
As the required holding 
period decreased from two years to one year, observed restricted stock discounts 
Due to changes in securities law over time, the initial restriction period declined from two years 
to one year in 1997. 
Prior to that, the adoption of Rule 144A in 1990 provided partially 
improved liquidity, but did not modify the two-year holding period requirement. 
The initial 
required restriction period was reduced to one year effective April 1997 and further shortened, to 
six months, effective February 2008. 
EFTA00590445
--- PAGE 47 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 47 
declined. 
This is consistent with financial theory that the required discount should 
decline as holding period restrictions are relaxed. 
However, changes in the securities laws which have resulted in shorter required 
holding periods do not make the older restricted stock studies obsolete. 
In contrast 
to restricted stock, which can trade on an exchange once the restricted period has 
lapsed, shares of most privately-held companies will never have access to such a 
market because the characteristics of those businesses do not make them candidates 
for public stock offerings. 
As a result, the observed discounts in the pre-1990 
restricted stock studies (i.e., when the restrictions were most stringent) provide a 
useful comparison along with the more current studies. 
c. Estimated Lack of Marketability Discount - Qualitative Analysis 
• 
The impact of the qualitative factors on marketability is determined after 
reviewing many factors including, but not limited to, the factors discussed 
below. 
• 
Level of Distributions: 
A company with a history of paying consistent 
distributions is generally considered more marketable than one that does not 
have such a history. 
BFP was invested in fixed-term funds, evergreen funds and development 
stage companies, assets seeking capital appreciation. 
BFP's interest in BRH 
(comprised of the AOG Units owned through Holdings and TRA dividend 
payments) provided a potential source of capital appreciation and a source of 
cash dividends. 
While BFP receives cash dividends from its investments, the 
proceeds have historically been used to fund new investments or commitments 
to existing investments and not distributed to BFP's partners. 
However, the 
Partnership has recently begun to make distributions of unreserved cash. 
Distribution amounts and timing are at the discretion of the general partner. 
Accordingly, there is no formal policy in place for distributions, and a 
limited partner cannot assume or expect distributions at any given time (or at 
all). 
If made, any distributions must be pro rata among all members. 
This 
situation tends to enhance the marketability of the subject interest. 
• 
Information Access & Reliability: A purchaser of a non-controlling interest 
has to accept the information provided, and that information can often be 
curtailed by the general partners or managers. 
Concern about this issue is 
mitigated somewhat when management has a history of providing the 
EFTA00590446
--- PAGE 48 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 48 
minority owners with audited financial statements and/or access to the 
company's books and records. 
The Partnership does not prepare audited financial statements or file its own 
tax return. 
This situation tends to reduce the marketability of the subject 
interest. 
• 
Transfer and Withdrawal Restrictions: 
The ability of an investor to 
transfer or liquidate his interest, along with the time required to do so, is a 
major factor in assessing the appropriate discount for lack of marketability. 
BFP permits transfers without the prior written consent of the general 
partner. However, the consent of the general partner is required for such 
transferee to be admitted as a partner of BFP. 
Although BFP does provide 
for the withdrawal of capital, all such withdrawals would be made in-kind at 
the discretion of the general partner. 
To be clear, a partner requesting a 
withdrawal of capital would receive assets upon withdrawal, and the assets 
distributed would be selected at the discretion of the general partner. 
Since 
at the Valuation Date BFP had significant unfunded capital commitments in 
the fixed-term funds, there would be no incentive for the general partner to 
distribute cash in the event that a withdrawal was requested; all available 
cash was required to meet capital commitments. Therefore, distributed assets 
were expected to be illiquid. 
There was no way to exit or redeem capital 
for the underlying investments representing approximately 90% of BFP's 
adjusted asset value. 
This situation was significantly less attractive than one 
in which a withdrawing partner was required to receive cash or marketable 
securities upon a withdrawal. 
This combination of factors tends to reduce 
the marketability of the Interest. 
However, the reduction in marketability of 
the Interest was mitigated by the ability to at least withdraw assets. 
• 
Expected Holding Period: The length of the expected holding period of the 
interest impacts marketability; the longer the expected holding period, the less 
marketable an asset will be. 
For example, the presence of a near-term exit 
event, such as dissolution, an IPO, or a sale/merger, generally improves 
marketability. 
While the existence of legal restrictions may adversely impact 
an owner's ability to sell, the absence of such restrictions does not 
necessarily improve marketability if there is no active public market in which 
an asset can be sold. Separately, to the extent that the owner of an equity 
interest in a subject company has a contractual or legal right to "put" the 
stock back to the company or the other owners, the marketability of an 
interest is typically improved. 
EFTA00590447
--- PAGE 49 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 49 
Probability of an Exit Event: 
BFP does not have a specific term and the 
Partnership is not considering liquidation. 
This situation tends to reduce the 
marketability of the Interest. 
Existence of Put Rights: BFP's partners do not specifically possess put 
rights. This situation tends to reduce the marketability of the Interest. 
• 
Historical Trading Activity: 
To the extent that arms' length transaction 
activity exists involving shares of the subject company's stock, marketability 
may be improved. 
Empire is not aware of any historical trading activity involving limited 
partnership interests in BFP. This situation tends to reduce the marketability 
of the subject interest. 
d. Restricted Stock Study Data - Quantitative Assessment 
In 2007, FMV Opinions updated The FMV Restricted Stock Sttidy' (referred to 
here as the "2007 Discount Study"), which contains 475 restricted stock transactions 
occurring from 1980 to 2005, and provides data on approximately 50 variables for 
each transaction. 
The market reference price used to calculate the discount is the 
average of the highest and lowest share price for the month of the transaction. 
The overall average discount in the 2007 Discount Study data is 22.3%, while the 
median discount is 19.5%.°9 
Several conclusions reached by the 2007 Discount 
Study are listed in Addendum 4. 
The underlying data from the 2007 Discount Study can be used to estimate a 
discount for lack of marketability for closely-held companies. 
The 2007 Discount 
Study recommends using a two-step process in which: (1) a quantitative analysis of 
the company-specific risk factors results in an "as if" publicly traded Restricted 
Stock Equivalent Discount; 50 and (2) a second quantitative analysis is used to 
a  
Determining Discounts for Lack of Marketability: A Companion Guide to the FMV Restricted 
Stock Study."' FMV Opinions, Inc., 2007. 
a  The reported overall discounts are based on the full data set of 475 transactions. 
" 
For this step, we limited the sample to transactions involving block sizes of 20% or less of a 
firm's outstanding stock following the restricted stock transaction. 
Due to the relatively long 
periods generally required to liquidate larger blocks of restricted stock following the expiration of 
the initial restriction period, larger blocks of restricted stock in the 2007 Discount Study tend to 
have illiquidity characteristics more similar to stock in privately-held companies (in blocks of any 
size), for which no market exists. 
Therefore, an adjustment based on the differential discounts 
between small and large blocks of restricted stock is appropriate to estimate a discount for lack of 
marketability. 
EFTA00590448
--- PAGE 50 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO1 GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 50 
estimate an incremental discount above the Restricted Stock Equivalent Discount to 
recognize the similar illiquidity characteristics between privately-held companies and 
large blocks of restricted stock to estimate a Private Company Discount Increment. 
We followed this process for the quantitative part in estimating the lack of 
marketability discount. 
e. Summary Findings from the 2007 Discount Study Data 
Please see Addendum 4 for a description of how we analyzed the data, and the 
conclusions drawn, from the 2007 Discount Study. 
Some of the more significant 
findings from this analysis are highlighted below. 
Analysis of Size Metrics: 
As shown in Exhibit J-1, implied restricted stock 
discounts are inversely related to a company's size, measured as revenue, market 
value, book value or total assets. 
Analysis of Risk Metrics: 
Discounts are positively correlated with volatility, given 
that a greater lack of marketability discount would be demanded by an investor for 
taking on greater risk. See Exhibit J-2. 
Analysis of Profitability Metrics: 
Discounts are inversely related to net profit 
margins. See Exhibit J-2. 
Dividend Payments: As shown in Exhibit J-2, discounts for dividend paying firms 
are less than for those not paying dividends. 
f. 
Quantitative Analysis Based on 2007 Discount Study 
Restricted Stock Equivalent Discount: 
The previously identified variables were 
considered in calculating the Restricted Stock Equivalent Discount. 
Each of the 
inputs was analyzed to identify the relevant quintile for each metric. 
The median 
observed restricted stock discount from the appropriate quintile was then selected for 
that measure. This is described in greater detail below. 
• 
Historical Financial Metrics: 
These metrics were based on the subject 
entity's most recent annual financial results. 
Regarding net profit margin and dividends, the analysis was based on 
whether or not the subject company was: (1) profitable or not profitable; and 
EFTA00590449
--- PAGE 51 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 51 
(2) dividend paying or non-dividend paying.' 
BFP was both profitable and 
distributing on a regular basis during the period reviewed. 
• 
Market Value of Equity: 
This is equivalent to the aggregate marketable 
minority interest value of the subject entity's equity derived in Empire's 
analysis. 
• 
Volatility: 
Empire reviewed the volatility measures for Apollo and 
comparable companies since the AOG Units through BRH and Holdings were 
the largest holding of the Partnership. 
See Exhibit G-2. 
Based on these 
observations we selected 40% as a reasonable estimate for the Partnership's 
expected volatility. 
Exhibit J-3 summarizes the calculation of the Restricted Stock Equivalent Discount 
estimated to be reasonable for BFP. 
In deriving this discount, the results of the 
analysis of each metric were weighted as follows: (1) 25% to size factors, equally 
weighted between revenue and market value of equity;32 (2) 25% to volatility; 
(3) 25% to profitability; and (4) 25% to dividend policy. 
As a result of this analysis, a reasonable Restricted Stock Equivalent Discount for 
BFP was estimated at 14.7%. Again, see Exhibits 1-1 through J-3. 
Private Company Discount Increment' A Private Company Discount Increment 
was selected based primarily on an analysis of the differential discounts between 
large and small block transactions and also considers the qualitative factors 
impacting marketability. 
As shown in Exhibit J-4, a range of Private Company Discount Increments of 1.49 
times to 1.94 times the Restricted Stock Equivalent Discount was calculated. 
This 
calculation is based on a comparison of: (1) the median Restricted Stock Equivalent 
Discount of 22% for all 285 transactions involving less than 20% of the post-
transaction shares outstanding; and (2) the minimum and maximum observed median 
discounts for block sizes in excess of 20% shown in Exhibit J-4. 
sl In the event that the subject company is a pass-through entity, the company would be considered to be 
"dividend-paying" if it paid dividends or distributions in excess of those required for the payment of related 
income taxes. 
The Partnership's book value metrics were based on tax returns and not considered indicative of 
BFP's actual size from a financial perspective. 
See Addendum 4 for further detail regarding the Private Company Discount Increment. 
EFTA00590450
--- PAGE 52 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 52 
Applying the range of Private Equity Discount Increments to the selected Restricted 
Stock Equivalent Discount of 14.7% for BFP indicates that a reasonable discount 
for lack of marketability would range from 22% to 29%, rounded, with a mid-point 
of 25%. 
C. Conclusion 
Empire selected a combined discount for incremental 
lack of control and 
marketability based on the foregoing review and analysis, including but not limited 
to: (i) a member's ability to withdraw from the Partnership, per the Agreement 
provisions described above; (ii) 
restriction 
period discounts applied 
to the 
Partnership's assets; and (iii) the market based evidence for discounts of lack of 
control and lack of marketability, a combined discount for lack of control and 
marketability of 15% was considered appropriate. Applying a 15% discount to the 
fully 
marketable value of $78,595,231 results in a fair market value of 
$66,805,947, rounded, for a 3.5281% non-managing membership interest as of the 
Valuation Date. [$78,595,231 x (1 - 15%).] See Exhibit D. 
[SPACE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY] 
EFTA00590451
--- PAGE 53 ---
Alan Halperin, Esq. 
February 12, 2015 
APO' GRAT No. 2 - Valuation Date: September 3, 2014 
Page 53 
Valuation Summary 
Given the foregoing review and analysis, and subject to the attached Statement of 
Limiting Conditions, it is our estimate that the fair market value of a 3.5281% 
limited partnership interest in Black Family Partners, LP is reasonably stated as 
$66,805,947 as of September 3, 2014. 
It is our understanding that this report will 
be used by Mr. Leon Black for estate planning purposes. 
This appraisal is not intended for any other purpose nor for any other users and 
the sharing of the contents herein is not permitted without the express written 
consent of Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC. Empire has no obligation to update 
this appraisal for information that comes to our attention after the date of this 
report. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC 
Jeff 
ultz 
or Valuation Associate 
avid J. 
mpson, CFA 
Mana r 
Scott A. Nammacher, ASA, CFA 
Managing Director 
EFTA00590452
--- PAGE 54 ---
Addendum 1-1 
STATEMENT OF LIMITING CONDITIONS 
1. Financial statements and other related information provided by or on behalf of 
the client entity or its representatives, in the course of this engagement, have 
been accepted without any verification as fully and correctly reflecting the 
enterprise's business conditions and operating results for the respective periods, 
except as specifically noted herein. Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC has not 
audited, reviewed, or compiled the financial information provided to us and, 
accordingly, we express no audit opinion or any other form of assurance on this 
information. 
2. Public information and industry and statistical information have been obtained 
from sources we believe to be reliable. However, we make no representation as 
to the accuracy or completeness of such information and have performed no 
procedures to corroborate the information. Information used was limited to that 
available on or before the Valuation Date, or which could be reasonably 
ascertained as of that date. We reserve the right to make such adjustments to the 
valuation herein reported as may be required by consideration of additional or 
more reliable data that may become available subsequent to the issuance of this 
report. 
3. We do not provide assurance on the achievability of the results forecasted by 
the client entity because events and circumstances frequently do not occur as 
expected; differences between actual and expected results may be material; and 
achievement of the forecasted results is dependent on actions, plans, and 
assumptions of management. 
4. The conclusion of value arrived at herein is based on the assumption that the 
current level of management expertise and effectiveness would continue to be 
maintained, and that the character and integrity of the enterprise through any sale, 
reorganization, exchange, or diminution of the owners' participation would not be 
materially or significantly changed. 
5. This report and the conclusion of value arrived at herein are for the exclusive 
use of our client for the sole and specific purposes as noted herein. They may 
not be used for any other purpose or by any other party for any purpose. 
Furthermore the report and conclusion of value are not intended by Empire 
Valuation Consultants, LLC and should not be construed by the reader to be 
investment advice in any manner whatsoever. The conclusion of value represents 
the considered opinion of Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC, based on 
information furnished to them by the client entity and other sources. 
6. Neither all nor any part of the contents of this report (especially the 
conclusion of value, the identity of any valuation specialist(s), or the firm with 
which such valuation specialists are connected or any reference to any of their 
professional designations) should be disseminated to the public through advertising 
EFTA00590453
--- PAGE 55 ---
Addendum 1-2 
media, public relations, news media, sales media, mail, direct transmittal, or any 
other means of communication without the prior written consent and approval of 
Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC. 
7. Future services regarding the subject matter of this report, including, but not 
limited to testimony or attendance in court, shall not be required of Empire 
Valuation Consultants, LLC unless previous arrangements have been made in 
writing. 
8. Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC is not an environmental consultant or 
auditor, and it takes no responsibility for any actual or potential environmental 
liabilities. Any person entitled to rely on this report, wishing to know whether 
such liabilities exist, or the scope and their effect on the value of the property, is 
encouraged to obtain a professional environmental assessment. Empire Valuation 
Consultants, LLC does not conduct or provide environmental assessments and has 
not performed one for the subject property. 
9. Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC has not determined independently whether 
the client entity is subject to any present or future liability relating to 
environmental matters (including, but not limited to CERCLA/Superfund liability) 
nor the scope of any such liabilities. Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC's 
valuation takes no such liabilities into account, except as they have been reported 
to Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC by the client entity or by an environmental 
consultant working for the client entity, and then only to the extent that the liabil-
ity was reported to us in an actual or estimated dollar amount. Such matters, if 
any, are noted in the report. To the extent such information has been reported to 
us, Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC has relied on it without verification and 
offers no warranty or representation as to its accuracy or completeness. 
10. Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC has not made a specific compliance 
survey or analysis of the subject property to determine whether it is subject to, 
or in compliance with, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, and this 
valuation does not consider the effect, if any, of noncompliance. 
11. No change of any item in this appraisal report shall be made by anyone 
other 
than 
Empire 
Valuation Consultants, 
LLC, and 
we shall 
have no 
responsibility for any such unauthorized change. 
12. Unless otherwise stated, no effort has been made to determine the possible 
effect, if any, on the subject business due to future Federal, state, or local 
legislation, including any environmental or ecological matters or interpretations 
thereof. 
13. If prospective financial information approved by management has been used in 
our work, we have not examined or compiled the prospective financial information 
and therefore, do not express an audit opinion or any other form of assurance on 
the prospective financial information or the related assumptions. Events and 
EFTA00590454
--- PAGE 56 ---
Addendum 1-3 
circumstances frequently do not occur as expected and there will usually be 
differences between prospective financial information and actual results, and those 
differences may be material. 
14. We have conducted interviews with the current management of the client 
entity concerning the past, present, and prospective operating results of the 
company, as applicable for this analysis. 
15. Except as noted, we have relied on the representations of the owners, 
management, and other third parties concerning the value and useful condition of 
all equipment, real estate, investments used in the business, and any other assets 
or liabilities, except as specifically stated to the contrary in this report. We have 
not attempted to confirm whether or not all assets of the business are free and 
clear of liens and encumbrances or that the client entity has good title to all 
assets. 
16. The fee established for the formulation and reporting of these conclusions is 
not contingent upon the value or other opinions presented. 
17. Neither the appraiser nor any officer or employee of Empire Valuation 
Consultants, LLC has any interest in the property appraised. 
18. We assume that there are no hidden or unexpected conditions of the assets 
valued that would adversely affect value. 
19. No opinion is intended for matters which require legal or specialized 
expertise, investigation or knowledge, beyond that customarily employed by 
appraisers. 
EFTA00590455
--- PAGE 57 ---
Addendum 2 
CERTIFICATION OF APPRAISERS 
We the appraisers certify that, to the best of our knowledge and belief: 
1. Our analyses, opinions and conclusions were developed, and this report was prepared, in 
conformity with the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice. 
2. All statements of fact contained in this report are true and correct. 
3. The reported analyses, opinions, and conclusions are limited only by the reported assumptions 
and limiting conditions, and are our personal, unbiased professional analyses, opinions, and 
conclusions. 
4. Neither Empire nor any of its employees has, to the best of our knowledge, either a present 
or intended financial interest in the entity that is the subject of this report, in any affiliates 
that may exist, or with respect to the parties involved. 
5. Empire has performed services as an appraiser regarding the property that is the subject of this 
report on a quarterly basis since August 2013. 
6. We have no bias with respect to the entity that is the subject of this report or to the parties 
involved with this assignment. 
7. Empire's engagement in this assignment was not contingent upon developing or reporting 
predetermined results. 
8. The professional fee paid to Empire for the preparation of this report is not contingent upon 
its conclusion, including: developing or reporting a predetermined value or direction of value 
that favors the cause of the client, the amount of the value opinion, the attainment of a 
stipulated result, or the occurrence of a subsequent event directly related to the intended use of 
this appraisal. 
9. No one provided significant business appraisal assistance to the persons signing this 
certification, unless specifically stated herein. 
The American Society of Appraisers has a mandatory recertification program for all of its 
Accredited Senior Appraisers. 
The senior members signing below, designated by the "ASA," are 
in compliance with that program. 
Jef 
Senior Valuation Associate 
Scott A. Nammacher, ASA, CFA 
Managing Director 
February 12, 2015 
EFTA00590456
--- PAGE 58 ---
Addendum 3-1 
EMPIRE VALUATION CONSULTANTS, LLC 
Valuation Services 
Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC provides valuations to private equity and hedge 
funds, business owners, attorneys, accountants, commercial bankers, investment bankers, 
trust departments, insurance agents, and financial planners, among others. 
Empire's 
consultants have prepared or managed the preparation of over 20,000 appraisals for the 
following reasons: 
• 
Private Equity & Hedge Fund Marking • Financial and SEC Reporting 
• 
Transfer Pricing 
• Fairness Opinions 
• 
Solvency Opinions 
• Litigation Support 
• 
Buy/Sell Agreements 
• Redemptions 
• 
Gifting Programs 
• Recapitalizations 
• 
Estate Taxes 
• Going Private Transactions 
• 
Mergers & Acquisitions 
• 
Stock Option Plans 
• 
Blocks of Publicly 
• 
Dissenting Shareholder Suits 
Traded Securities 
• 
Impairment Testing 
• 
Employee Stock Ownership 
• 
Intellectual Property 
Plans (ESOPs) 
• 
Purchase Price Allocations 
Other Financial Services 
Litigation Support & Expert Testimony 
Empire can assist you with research and litigation support and its professionals are 
available to provide expert testimony in matters involving questions of valuation. 
ESOP Feasibility Studies & Preliminary Valuations 
Empire is available to work with our client's team of financial advisors or 
participate in independent feasibility studies and preliminary valuation reviews in 
connection with ESOP formation planning. 
EFTA00590457
--- PAGE 59 ---
Addendum 3-2 
JEFFREY T. SCHULTZ 
Academic Degrees 
University of Rochester, William E. Simon Graduate School of 
Business Administration, Finance, 2004 
B.S. 
Rochester Institute of Technology, College of Business, 
Manufacturing and Materials Management, 1996 
Employment 
Empire Valuation Consultants, Rochester, New York 
Senior Valuation Associate, 2006 - Present. 
Ontario and Trumansburg Telephone Cos., Phelps, NY 
Customer Service and Sales Manager, 2004 - 2006. 
Rochester Gas and Electric Corp., Rochester, NY 
Subprocess Owner, 1980 - 2003. 
Experience 
Mr. Schultz joined Empire Valuation Consultants in 2006, bringing with 
him strong quantitative and fmancial analysis experience, as well as 
significant operational, managerial and consulting skills. 
While at Rochester Gas and Electric, he was responsible for creating and 
providing testimony for gas and electric rate cases. 
Mr. Schultz' work 
also involved developing detailed analysis that highlighted the costs, 
projected savings, 
and 
net 
present value for numerous technology 
deployments. 
Mr. Schultz is a former Board Member of the Wayne Central School 
District Board of Education. 
During his tenure, he acted as the Board's 
President, Vice President, and Chairperson for the District's Audit 
Committee. 
EFTA00590458
--- PAGE 60 ---
Addendum 3-3 
DAVID J. THOMPSON, CFA 
Academic Degrees 
M.B.A. 
University of New South Wales & University of Sydney, Australian 
Graduate School of Management, Finance, Dean Scholarship winner, 
2005 
Ed.M. 
University at Buffalo, Secondary Mathematics Education, 1997 
B.A. 
University at Buffalo, Mathematics, with distinction, magna cum laude 
1994 
Employment 
Empire Valuation Consultants, Rochester, New York 
Manager, 2011 - Present 
Senior Valuation Associate, 2008 - 2011 
Valuation Associate, 2006 - 2008 
Idea Connections Consulting, Inc., Rochester, New York 
Vice President of Operations, 2002 - 2003 and 2005 - 2006 
IKON Office Solutions, Buffalo New York 
Senior Application Developer, 1998 - 2002 
Experience 
David is a Chartered Financial Analyst. 
Since joining Empire, David has been 
involved in hundreds of business valuations covering a diverse array of industries. 
He has been involved in the valuation of various classes of equity and debt, family 
limited partnerships, limited liability companies, intangible assets, purchase price 
allocations and stock options. 
These valuations have been for estate and gift tax 
reporting, 
employee 
stock 
ownership 
plan 
administration, 
acquisitions, 
recapitalizations, matrimonial litigation, general corporate reporting, and SEC 
reporting. He has extensive experience with the valuation hedge fund and private 
equity fund management companies and general partners. 
Prior to joining Empire, David worked as Vice President of Operations at Idea 
Connections where he was responsible for financial analysis and projections, effective 
cost control, project management and assisted in the negotiations for the separation 
of the group from its parent company. While with IKON he developed workflow 
and document management applications for private companies and government 
agencies. 
EFTA00590459
--- PAGE 61 ---
Addendum 3-4 
SCOTT A. NAMMACHER, ASA, CFA 
Academic Degrees 
M.B.A. 
New York University Graduate School of Business, Finance, 1985 
B.S. 
University of Minnesota, Business, 1977 
Employment 
Principal and Managing Director, Empire Valuation Consultants, LW, New York, 
New York, 1992-Present 
Manager, Financial Valuations, Arthur Andersen & Co., New York, 1990-1991 
V.P., Marigold Capital Development, Investment Banking Div. of Marigold 
Enterprises, Greenwich, Connecticut, 1989-1990 
Manager - Domestic Finance, PepsiCo, Inc. Purchase, New York, 1985-1989 
Experience 
Mr. Nammacher is an Accredited Senior Appraiser (ASA) of the American Society 
of Appraisers and is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA). He has over 20 years 
of experience in financial consulting and business valuations. He has valued the 
equity, debt, warrants, NOLs, etc. of publicly and privately held businesses for 
acquisitions, divestitures, stock repurchases, estate and gift tax reporting, buy/sell 
agreements, recapitalizations, and general corporate planning purposes. 
Mr. 
Nammacher has also developed business plans and financing packages, and has 
been involved in completed transactions totaling over $1.5 billion. In addition, he 
played key roles in the successful launch of a new business publication. 
Mr. Nammacher has testified as an expert witness in U.S. Tax Court, U.S. 
Bankruptcy Court, Delaware Chancery Court and other courts and arbitration 
settings around the country, and published a book and several articles on "junk 
bonds." He also received the prestigious "Graham & Dodd Scroll Award" from 
the Financial Analysts Journal for outstanding financial writing relating to a cover 
story he co-authored. 
He served two terms as an elected member of the American Society of Appraisers' 
Business Valuation Committee, the oversight entity for the business valuation arm 
of the ASA. 
He has spoken on valuation issues around the country and has 
chaired an annual valuation conference in New York City for over 17 years. He 
co-chaired the first joint AICPA/ASA valuation conference ever presented. 
EFTA00590460
--- PAGE 62 ---
Addendum 4-1 
LACK OF MARKETABILITY BENCHMARK STUDIES 
Table I 
Overview of Restricted Stock Studies' 
Study 
Two-Year Holding Period 
Studies Ending Pre-1990 
Years Covered 
# of 
Transactions 
Mean 
Discount 
Median 
Discount 
SEC, Overall Avenge 
1966.1969 
398 
25.8% 
24.0% 
SEC, Non-reporting OTC Companies 
1966.1969 
112 
N/A 
32.6% 
Gelman 
1968-1970 
33.0% 
33.0% 
Trout 
1968-1972 
33.5% 
N/A 
Moroney 
Unknown2
146 
35.5% 
33.0% 
Maher 
1969-1973 
35.4% 
33.3% 
Standard Research Consultants 
1978-1982 
N/A 
45.0% 
Hertzel & Smith 
1980-1987 
106 
20.1% 
13.3% 
Willamette Management Associates 
1981.1984 
N/A 
31.2% 
Silber 
1981.1988 
33.8% 
35.0% 
Studies Ending After t990 
FMV Opinions. Inc. (Pre-3/1/1997)3
1980 - Feb. 1997 
196 
N/A 
21.0% 
Management Planning, Inc. 
1980.1995 
27.7% 
28.9% 
Management Planning, Inc. 
1980.1996 
27.0% 
25.0% 
Bruce Johnson 
1991-1995 
20.0% 
N/A 
Columbia Financial Advisors, Inc. 
1996.1997 
21.0% 
14.0% 
One-Year Holding Period 
Columbia Financial Advisors, Inc. 
1997-1998 
13.0% 
9.0% 
FMV Opinions, Inc. 
3/1/97-11/15/07 
165 
N/A 
20.5% 
Trugman Valuation Associates, Inc. 
1/1/07.11/15/07 
17.9% 
14.7% 
Six Month Holding Period 
Trugman Valuation Associates, Inc. 
11/16/07-12/31/08 
18.4% 
14.4% 
FMV Opinions, Inc. 
11/16/07-12/31/08 
N/A 
15.0% 
Citations are included with the subsequent description of each study. 
Although the years covered in this study are likely to be 1969-1972, no specific years were given in the 
published account. 
The results of the FMV Opinions, Inc. studies for all holding periods exclude transactions with registration 
rights, as well as those which took place at implied premiums. 
EFTA00590461
--- PAGE 63 ---
Addendum 4-2 
The restricted stock studies are divided into three primary groups: (1) studies ending before May 
1997, when the required holding period under SEC4 Rule 144 was two years; (2) studies ending after 
May 1997, when the required holding period was reduced to one year, and prior to November 15, 
2007; (3) studies including transactions after November 15, 2007, when the SEC announced that the 
required holding period would be reduced to six months? The first group is subdivided into two 
categories, before 1990 and after 1990. In 1990, the SEC adopted Rule 144A, which relaxed the 
SEC filing restrictions on private transactions. The rule allows qualified institutional investors to 
trade unregistered securities among themselves without filing registration statements, which 
improved liquidity. 
As noted above, the rule change which reduced the Rule 144 required holding period to six months 
was announced by the SEC on November 15, 2007, and would take effect 60 days after its 
publication in the Federal Register. The rule was published in the Federal Register on December 17, 
2007,6 and took effect on February 15, 2008. Therefore, although the rule did not take effect until 
February 15, 2008, the pending rule change would have been a consideration to potential buyers 
after its announcement on November 15, 2007. 
The studies are discussed further in the following sections of this document. 
Institutional Investor Study:7 The SEC published study #77-287 in 1971, called the "Institutional 
Investor Study." The Institutional Investor Study examined the amount of discount at which 
transactions in restricted stock, or letter stock, took place compared to the prices of identical but 
unrestricted stock on the open market from 1966 through 1969. 
The study shows that the discounts on the letter stocks were the least for New York Stock Exchange 
("NYSE") listed stocks, but increased, in order, for American Stock Exchange ("ASE") listed stocks, 
over-the-counter ("OTC") reporting companies and OTC non-reporting companies. For OTC non-
reporting companies, the largest number of restricted stock transactions fell in the 30% to 40% 
discount range. Slightly over 56% of the OTC non-reporting companies experienced discounts 
greater than 30% on the sale of their restricted stock. A little over 30% of the OTC reporting 
companies experienced discounts over 30%, and over 52% experienced discounts over 20%. The 
following table segments the data observed by the SEC according to the size of the discount. 
(This space intentionally left blank] 
Securities and Exchange Commission. 
s "SEC Votes to Adopt Three Rules to Improve Regulation of Smaller Businesses." 
www.sec.gov/news/press/2007/2007-233.htm.
Federal Register, Vol. 72, No. 241., pg. 71551. December 17, 2007. 
"Discounts Involved in Purchases of Common Stock (1966-1969)," Institutional Investor Study Report of the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, H.R. Doc. No. 64, Part 5, 92d Congress., 1st Session. 1971, pp. 
2444-2456. 
EFTA00590462
--- PAGE 64 ---
Addendum 4-3 
Table H 
Institutional Investors Study Data 
Discount (Premium) 
Number of 
Transactions 
Percent of 
Study Total 
-15.0% to 0.0% 
6.5% 
0.1% to 10.0% 
16.8% 
10.1% to 20.0% 
19.6% 
20.1% to 30.0% 
19.3% 
30.1% to 40.0% 
16.8% 
40.1% to 50.0% 
8.8% 
50.1% to 80.0% 
12.1% 
-15.0% to 80.0% (total) 
398 
100.0% 
The magnitude of he discount for restricted securities from the trading price of the unrestricted 
securities was generally related to the factors listed below. 
• 
Earnings: Earnings played the most significant role in determining the discounts at which 
these stocks were sold from the current market price. The degree of risk of an investment 
is determined more by earnings patterns, rather than sales patterns. 
• 
Sales: Companies with the largest sales volumes received the smallest discounts and the 
companies with the smallest sales volumes received the largest discounts. 
• 
Trading Market: 
Discounts were greatest on restricted stocks with unrestricted 
counterparts traded over-the-counter, followed by those with unrestricted counterparts 
listed on the ASE, while the discounts for those stocks with unrestricted counterparts listed 
on the NYSE were the smallest. 
Gelman Study? Milton Gelman conducted a study analyzing the prices paid by four closed-end 
investment companies specializing in restricted securities investments. Based on an analysis of 89 
transactions between 1968 and 1970, Gelman found both the mean and median discounts to be 33%. 
Almost 60% of the transactions were at discounts of 30% or more, and over one-third were at 
discounts of 40% or more. 
Trout Study:9 Robert Trout studied 60 transactions involving the purchase of restricted stock by 
mutual funds between 1968 and 1972. He observed a mean discount of 33.5%. 
Moroney Study:10 In an article published in 1973, Robert Moroney presented the results of his 
study of the prices paid in 146 transactions for restricted securities by 10 registered investment 
companies. The mean discount in these transactions was 35.5%, and the median discount was 33%. 
Gelman, Milton. "An Economist-Financial Analyst's Approach to Valuing Stock of a Closely Held 
Company," Journal of Taxation, June 1972, pp. 353.354. 
Trout, Robert R. "Estimation of the Discount Associated with the Transfer of Restricted Securities," Taxes, 
June (977, pp. 381-385. 
EFTA00590463
--- PAGE 65 ---
Addendum 4-4 
Maher Study:II In 1976, Michael Maher published the results of a study of restricted stock 
discounts in 33 transactions taking place from 1969 to 1973. He found that the mean discount was 
35.4%. The median discount calculated to be 33.3%. 
Standard Research Consultants Study:12 In 1983, Standard Research Consultants conducted a 
study of 28 private placements of common stock from October 1978 through June 1982. A median 
discount of 45% was observed. 
Hertzel & Smith:I3 In a 1993 article published in the Journal of Finance, Hertzel & Smith analyzed 
a sample of 106 private placements from the 1980-1987 period with overall average and median 
discounts of 20.1% and 13.3%, respectively. A lower average discount was observed for registered 
shares. The authors theorized that the discounts observed in private placements can be explained as 
compensation to the investors for costs they incurred to reduce asymmetries of information. The 
authors performed regression analysis on the data to test their theory. They regressed the discount 
on a number of variables associated with increased uncertainty about firm value, such as evidence of 
distress or high market-to-book ratios. 
Willamette Management Associates ("Willamette") Study:I4 Willamette Management Associates 
analyzed private placements of restricted stocks that occurred during the period from January I, 
1981 to May 31, 1984. Most of these transactions occurred in 1983. Willamette identified 33 arm's 
length transactions during that period for which an unrestricted publicly traded equivalent was 
available. The median implied discount for the 33 transactions in this study was 31.2%. 
Silber Study:Is In 1991, William Silber published the results of a study of restricted stock discounts 
in 69 transactions taking place between 1981 and 1988. He found that the mean discount was 33.8% 
and median was 35%. This study found larger discounts when the size of the restricted stock block 
was large in proportion to the total shares outstanding. Additionally, the study indicated that firms 
with higher revenues, earnings and market capitalizations are associated with lower discounts. 
FMV Opinions, Inc. ("FMV"): FMV has produced several studies involving the sale of restricted 
stocks, and certain statistics related to the sale of restricted stocks during the different Rule 144 
restriction periods is presented in summary in the table at the beginning of this addendum. The 
study published by FMV in 2007 is discussed in detail in the main body of our report. 
In November 2009, Lance Hall of FMV gave a teleconference presentation in connection with 
Business Valuation Resourcesia in which he indicated that FMV's database had been updated to 
I° Moroney, Robert E. "Most Courts Overvalue Closely Held Stocks," Taxes, March 1973, pp. 144-154. 
Maher, J. Michael. "Discounts for Lack of Marketability for Closely-Held Business Interests," Taxes, 
September 1976, pp. 562-571. 
"Revenue Ruling 77-287 Revisited," SRC Quarterly Reports, Spring 1983, pp. 1.3. 
Hertzel, M, and R. Smith (1993), "Market Discounts and Shareholder Gains for Placing Equity Privately," 
Journal of Finance, 48, 459-485. 
li Valuing a Business: The Analysis and Appraisal of Closely Held Companies (Fifth Edition), Shannon P. 
Pratt and Alina V. Niculita (New York: McGraw Hill: 2008), p. 425. 
Silber, William L. "Discounts on Restricted Stock: The Impact of Illiquidity on Stock Prices," Financial 
Analysts Journal, July-August 1991, pp. 60.64. 
Hall, Lance S. "Looking at the New Data in the FMV Restricted Stock StudyTm and How to Use it!" 
November 11, 2009. 
EFTA00590464
--- PAGE 66 ---
Addendum 45 
include a total of 597 arm's length transactions between 1980 and 2008. The update included the 
addition of more than 120 new transactions. 
FMV screened the 597 transactions to remove those which occurred at implied premiums or 
included registration rights, resulting in 372 transactions. FMV sorted the 372 transactions in a time 
sequence, breaking them down into three groups based on the Rule 144 required holding period. 
The results are presented in the following table. 
Table III 
FMV November 2009 Data — Statistics 
Transaction Dates 
Number of 
Transactions 
Volatility 
Median
Discount 
Prior to 3/1/1997 
196 
71.2% 
21.0% 
3/1/97 to 11/15/07 
165 
86.4% 
20.5% 
After 11/16/07 
72.7% 
15.0% 
FMV also analyzed the relationship of several factors to the implied discounts. In summary, FMV 
found that implied restricted stock discounts are negatively correlated with the subject entities' 
market value, revenues, earnings and profit margin, dividend payout ratio, total assets, book value of 
shareholders' equity, stock price per share trading volume, and the dollar value of the block sold. 
FMV found that implied restricted stock discounts are positively correlated with the subject entities' 
market to book ratio and unrestricted stock price volatility, as well as the subject block size relative 
to trading volume, the subject block size as a percentage of shares outstanding and the level of 
forward-looking market volatility. 
Management Planning, Inc. ("MN") Study: The MPI study was published in The Handbook of 
Advanced Business Valuation17 in 2000. 
Some of its key findings, discussed below, were 
summarized in Business Valuation Discounts and Premiums18 and Valuing a Business: The Analysis 
and Appraisal of Closely Held Companies (Fifth Edition).19
MPI studied private placements for the period from January 1, 1980 to December 31, 1996. MPI 
began with 231 transactions, excluding transactions involving the following: 
• 
Companies with sales volume under $3 million, as well as all start-up or developmental 
stage companies; 
• 
Companies with share prices for their publicly traded common stock below $2; 
Oliver, Robert P. and Meyers, Roy H. "Discounts Seen in Private Placements of Restricted Stock: The 
Management Planning Inc. Long-Term Study (1980-1996)," Chapter 5 in The Handbook of Advanced 
Business Valuation, Robert F. Reilly and Robert P. Schweihs, eds. (New York: McGraw-Hill, 2000). 
IS Business Valuation Discounts and Premiums, Pratt, Shannon P. (New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.: 
2001), pp. 102-104. 
Valuing a Business: The Analysis and Appraisal of Closely Held Companies (Fifth Edition), Pratt, Shannon 
P. and Niculita, Alina V. (New York: McGraw Hill: 2008), pp. 425.427. 
EFTA00590465
--- PAGE 67 ---
Addendum 4-6 
• 
Companies with inadequate information about the private transaction or the company 
itself; 
• 
Companies that were not profitable in the year prior to the transaction; and 
• 
Transactions involving registration rights. 
This resulted in 53 remaining transactions, 52 of which occurred at a discount to the market price. 
The average implied discount was about 27% and the median implied discount was about 25%. 
The final screening criteria removed 27 transactions which included registration rights. These 
transactions had a median implied discount of 9.1% and an average implied discount of 12.8%. The 
median and average discounts associated with these 27 transactions relative to the median and 
average discounts of the 53 transactions without registration rights demonstrate the perceived value 
of liquidity created by the registration rights, as reflected in the lower discounts. 
The authors of the study analyzed several variables believed to have an impact on the magnitude of 
implied discounts, and concluded the following: 
• 
Private transactions of larger companies (as measured by either revenue or earnings) have 
lower discounts than smaller companies, on average; 
• 
Private transactions of companies with stronger growth (as measured by either revenues or 
earnings) have lower discounts than companies with slower growth, on average; 
• 
Private transactions of companies with better revenue or earnings stability have smaller 
discounts than those of companies with less stability, on average; 
• 
Private transactions that involve blocks that are relatively small, compared to trading 
volume or the number of shares outstanding, have lower discounts than blocks of stock that 
are large relative to trading volume and shares outstanding, on average; and 
• 
Private transactions occur at lower discounts in cases where the publicly traded counterpart 
showed more price stability than in cases where there was less price stability, on average. 
This study superseded a similar study completed by MPI that was first published in Mercer's 
Quantifying Marketability Discounts,2° which included 49 transactions between January 1, 1980 and 
December 31, 1995. The mean and median implied discounts associated with these 49 transactions 
were 27.7% and 28.9%, respectively. 
2° Quantifying Marketability Discounts. Mercer, Christopher Z. (Peabody Publishing, LP: 1997), Chapter 12. 
EFTA00590466
--- PAGE 68 ---
Addendum 4-7 
Bruce Johnson Study:2I Mr. Johnson conducted a restricted stock study in which he examined 72 
transactions that occurred between 1991 and 1995. These transactions exhibited a median implied 
discount of 20%. 
Columbia Financial Advisors, Inc. ("CFAF') Study: n CFAI conducted a study of the sale of 
restricted securities in the U.S. in which they examined 23 private common equity placements over 
the period January I, 1996 through April 30, 1997. The resulting mean discount was 21% and 
median discount was 14%. A similar study was repeated over the period January 1997 through 
December 1998 in which 15 transactions were identified. The mean discount was 13% and median 
discount was 9%. 
Trugman Valuation Associates, Inc. ("TVA") Study:?3 The intent of the TVA Study was to 
analyze implied restricted stock discounts associated with transactions that took place between 
January 2007 and December 2008. 
After a detailed screening process, TVA identified 80 
transactions occurring between January 1, 2007 and August 19, 2008. Notably, TVA did not find 
any transactions that met its search criteria between August 19, 2008 and December 31, 2008, which 
encompasses the period of the financial market collapse in September and October 2008. 
Separately, Empire sorted the transactions and broke the data set into two groups: (1) transactions 
that took place on or before November 15, 2007; and (2) transactions after November 15, 2007. 
Again, on November 15, 2007, the SEC announced the pending change in the Rule 144 required 
holding period from one year to six months. The statistics associated with each data set are shown in 
the following table. 
Table IV 
TVA Study Data - Statistics 
Transaction Dates 
Number of 
Transactions 
Mean 
Discount 
Median 
Discount 
Standard 
Deviation 
1/1/07 - 11/15/07 
I7.9% 
14.7% 
14.8% 
11/16/07 - 8/19/0824
18.4% 
14.4% 
16.9% 
Overall 
18.1% 
14.4% 
15.6% 
TVA analyzed the data to assess the correlation between the size of the implied discount and several 
factors, including, but not limited to, the following: (1) volatility;25 (2) debt ratio; (3) trading volume; 
(4) shares placed per average volume (i.e., block size); (5) share tumover:26 (6) market 
capitalization; (7) trailing twelve month revenue; (8) total assets; (9) book value of equity; and (10) 
days until registration. TVA found that historical stock price volatility was the main driver in the 
magnitude of the implied discounts based on its regression analysis. Although TVA considered the 
"Restricted Stock Discounts: 1991-1995," Shannon Pratt's Business Valuation Update (March 1999): 1-5. 
Aschwald, Kathryn F., "Restricted Stock Discounts Decline as Result of I-Year Holding Period," Shannon 
Pratt's Business Valuation Update, May 2000, pp. 1-5. 
Harris, William. "Trugman Valuation Associates, Inc. (TVA) Restricted Stock Study," Business Valuation 
Review, Volume 28, No. 3. 
2.1 No transactions occurred between August 19, 2008 and December 31, 2008. 
Is As measured by one year annualized historical daily price volatility. 
Average volume divided by total shares outstanding. 
EFTA00590467
--- PAGE 69 ---
Addendum 4-8 
explanatory power of most other variables to be weaker, it noted that the directional trends suggested 
by the correlation coefficients were consistent with expectations. In general, TVA's quartile analysis 
by variable suggested that: 
• 
The magnitude of implied discounts was positively correlated with measures of risk, such 
as volatility and debt ratios; 
• 
The magnitude of implied discounts was negatively correlated with measures of liquidity, 
such as trading volume and share turnover; 
• 
The magnitude of implied discounts was positively correlated with shares placed per 
average volume, or block size, as well as days until registration; and 
• 
The magnitude of implied discounts was negatively correlated with measures of size, 
including market capitalization, revenue, total assets and book value. 
TVA did not analyze the impact of dividend paying history on implied discounts, primarily because 
a significant majority of the 80 transactions involved non-dividend paying companies. Due to the 
extremely small number of companies in the sample which paid dividends, TVA concluded that such 
an analysis was unlikely to produce meaningful results. 
TVA also completed a holding period analysis by analyzing the impact of contractual registration 
rights on implied discounts. TVA indicated that a large majority of the 80 transactions in the study 
had registration rights. TVA performed additional research to verify the actual registration date, and 
calculated the number of days between the transaction date and the actual registration date. If no 
registration statement was filed with respect to a specific transaction, TVA assumed that the 
securities remained unregistered for the entire required holding period.27 TVA separated this data 
into quartiles, resulting in the statistics shown in the following table. 
Table V 
TVA Analysis of Registration Rights 
Quartile 
Days Before 
Registration 
Average 
Discount 
Median 
Discount 
Standard 
Deviation 
I 
0-31 days 
11.6% 
10.0% 
8.0% 
32-63 days 
14.3% 
12.9% 
11.3% 
64-185 days 
20.4% 
15.9% 
18.4% 
185+ days 
26.9% 
18.8% 
18.6% 
TVA's registration rights analysis suggests that implied discounts are positively correlated to 
implied holding periods. The growth in the standard deviation for each quartile also appears to be 
consistent with the notion that risk increases as the required holding period grows. However, Empire 
noted that the exact period of time between the transaction date and the registration date may not 
have been known in all cases at the time the transactions took place. 
365 days prior to the change in Rule 144 on February 15, 2008, and 182 days thereafter. 
EFTA00590468
--- PAGE 70 ---
Addendum 49 
Quantitative Analysis of FMV Database 
A. FMV Restricted Stock Study — Quantitative Assessment 
In 2007, FMV Opinions updated The FMV Restricted Stock Stutirs (the "2007 Discount Study"). 
The 2007 Discount Study, which contains 475 restricted stock transactions occurring from 1980 to 
2005, provides data on approximately 50 variables for each transaction. The market reference price 
used to calculate the discount is the average of the highest and lowest share price for the month of 
the transaction. The overall average discount in the 2007 Discount Study data is 22.25%, while the 
median discount is 19.45%." Several conclusions reached by the 2007 Discount Study are listed 
below. 
1. Average and median discounts do not vary significantly across industries. This conclusion 
is based upon an analysis of 327 underlying transactions30 by primary SIC grouping. This 
supports the assertion that the most important determinants of marketability are: (1) 
company-specific risk factors; and (2) the differential in observed discounts between small 
and large blocks of restricted stock. 
2. Observed discounts tend to increase in periods of overall economic and financial 
uncertainty. 
3. Observed discounts tend to be inversely related to measures of company size, including 
revenue, book value, market value and total assets; i.e., as these measures increase, 
discounts tend to decrease. Companies which tend to have larger revenues, book value, 
market value or total assets will tend to be more financially stable than smaller companies, 
suggesting a lower degree of financial risk. 
4. Observed discounts tend to increase with a decrease in stock prices, particularly if the stock 
price drops below a threshold that would trigger de-listing. The declining stock price is 
perceived as a measure of increased risk. 
5. The 2007 Discount Study identified the market-to-book ("MTB") ratio as a measure of 
balance sheet risk not tied directly to firm size. It was observed that discounts tended to 
increase as: (1) MTB ratios increased above the range of 1.0 times to 2.0 times, suggesting 
that firms having a high market value relative to their asset base are more risky; and (2) 
MTB ratios declined below 1.0 times, suggesting that firms with a market value below book 
value or firms with a negative book value are more risky. 
6. Observed discounts tend to increase as stock price volatility increases. 
Stock price 
volatility is an observable measure of risk. As risk increases, discounts can be expected to 
increase. 
Determining Discounts for Lack of Marketability: A Companion Guide to the FMV Restricted Stock Study.TM 
FMV Opinions, Inc., 2007. 
" The reported overall discounts are based on the full data set of 475 transactions. 
3* The data in this analysis excludes transactions with registration rights and transactions in which premiums 
were observed, resulting in a sample size of 327 transactions. 
EFTA00590469
--- PAGE 71 ---
Addendum 4-10 
7. Observed discounts tend to be inversely related to profitability. No clear relationship was 
identified between the absolute dollar value of firm profit and observed discounts. 
However, profitable firms (as measured by net profit margin) were observed to have lower 
observed discounts than firms which were not profitable. 
8. Dividend-paying firms tend to have lower observed discounts than non-dividend paying 
firms. 
9. The size of the block of restricted stock being sold impacts the expected holding period 
because of the limitations imposed by Rule 144 following the expiration of the initial 
restriction period; i.e., larger blocks of restricted stock are frequently subject to the 
"dribble-out" provisions of Rule 144, which limit the number of shares that can be sold in a 
given three-month period. As a result, the required holding period generally increases with 
block size. Observed discounts increase as the expected holding period increases, with 
holding periods expressed in terms of block size. In the valuation of interests in closely-
held companies, regardless of the block size of the subject interest in the closely-held 
company, the transactions in the data set involving large blocks of restricted stock become 
most comparable because they represent the most illiquid blocks of restricted stocks being 
traded. 
The underlying data from the 2007 Discount Study can be used to estimate a discount for lack of 
marketability for closely-held companies. The 2007 Discount Study recommends using a two-step 
process in which: (1) a quantitative analysis of the company-specific risk factors results in an "as if" 
publicly traded restricted stock discount (the "Restricted Stock Equivalent Discount"); and (2) a 
second quantitative analysis is used to estimate an incremental discount above the Restricted Stock 
Equivalent Discount to recognize the similar illiquidity characteristics between privately-held 
companies and large blocks of restricted stock (the "Private Company Discount Increment"). 
Empire considered the results of the 2007 Discount Study to determine discounts for lack of 
marketability that would be reasonable to apply in valuing privately-held businesses. We then 
applied the two-step process described in the preceding paragraph to estimate a reasonable discount 
for lack of marketability to apply in valuing the subject interest. 
We applied the quantitative analysis described in the first step using a sample of the most liquid 
restricted stock transactions to estimate a Restricted Stock Equivalent Discount, limiting the sample 
to transactions involving block sizes of 20% or less of a firm's outstanding stock following the 
restricted stock transaction.3' We then estimated a range of Private Company Discount Increments 
based on the discount differential between small and large block restricted stock transactions. 
Because of the relatively long periods generally required to liquidate larger blocks of restricted stock 
following the expiration of the initial restriction period, larger blocks of restricted stock in the 2007 
Discount Study data set tend to have illiquidity characteristics more similar to stock in privately-held 
companies (in blocks of any size), for which no market exists. Therefore, an adjustment based on the 
differential discounts between small and large blocks of restricted stock is appropriate to estimate a 
discount for lack of marketability. 
EFTA00590470
--- PAGE 72 ---
Addendum 4-11 
B. Empire's Analysis of the 2007 Discount Study Data 
The 2007 Discount Study dataset included 475 transactions. Again, the discounts observed in the 
study data are calculated from the difference between the price for the restricted shares and the 
average of the highest and lowest market prices of the company's shares for the month of the 
transaction. 
Empire first reduced the sample to 438 transactions by removing 37 transactions which occurred at a 
premium to the average monthly price. These transactions were removed because it was considered 
to be highly likely that observed premiums were due to material company-specific or transaction-
specific factors, as an illiquidity premium is counterintuitive and not consistent with financial theory. 
Empire further reduced the data set by excluding 109 transactions in which the subject block of 
restricted stock included registration rights. 
It is recognized that registration rights improve 
marketability, and that the shares of closely-held companies do not have such rights. This screen 
reduced the sample set to 329 transactions. 
The remaining sample of 329 transactions was separated into two groups, based on block size, using 
a break point between the small and large block samples of 20% of the subject firm's outstanding 
stock following the transaction. There were 285 transactions involving blocks of less than 20%, and 
transactions involving blocks greater than 20%. 
Finally, the 285 transactions involving blocks less than 20% were sorted based on the following 
metrics selected by Empire: (1) revenue; (2) market value; (3) book value; (4) total assets; (5) 
volatility; (6) net profit margin; and (7) dividends. In selecting these metrics, several factors were 
considered, including, but not limited to, the following: (1) analysis of revenue, market value, book 
value, total assets and volatility produced clear trends in observed discounts across quintiles in the 
data set; (2) there were clear differences in median observed discounts between profitable and 
unprofitable firms, as measured by net profit margin; and (3) there were clear differences in median 
observed discounts between dividend-paying and non-dividend paying firms. Additional measures 
of profitability were not included in the selected metrics because the determinant of financial risk 
appeared to be profitability versus lack of profitability, rather than the relative magnitude of profit 
margins, and because this test could be applied to all firms. 
Empire opted not to utilize the MTB ratio as a measure of risk because it was recognized that 
challenges exist in interpreting the data and applying it appropriately. Recall that the 2007 Discount 
Study observed that discounts increased as MTB ratios increased, as well as when they declined 
below 1.0 times. While an MTB ratio below 1.0 times likely indicates financial distress, high MTB 
ratios will not necessarily be caused by balance sheet risk. For example, a service business may 
have very stable cash flows and a low asset base. If the market places value on the company's stable 
cash flows, it is likely that the company will exhibit an MTB ratio in excess of 1.0 times. As a 
result, one cannot assume that a high MTB ratio is a clear indicator of financial risk. 
The results of Empire's analysis are summarized below. 
Analysis of Size Metrics: Implied restricted stock discounts are inversely related to a company's 
size, measured as revenue, market value, book value or total assets. This is demonstrated by the 
trend in the median discounts for each quintile. 
EFTA00590471
--- PAGE 73 ---
Addendum 4-12 
Analysis of Risk Metrics: Discounts are positively correlated with volatility, given that a greater 
lack of marketability discount would be demanded by an investor for taking on greater risk. 
Analysis of Profitability Metrics: Discounts are inversely related to net profit margins. Many of 
the companies in the data set are start-up firms which have not yet reached profitability. For the 85 
companies with a net profit margin greater than 0%, the median discount was 15.4%. This compared 
to a median of 24.4% for companies with negative margins. 
Dividend Payments: Finally, discounts for dividend paying firms are less than for those not paying 
dividends. This result also likely reflects the fact that dividends provide shareholders with more 
immediate economic returns, partially mitigating the impact of illiquidity. A company's dividend 
history and expectations for dividends going forward should therefore be considered, as a richer 
payout policy provides an early form of liquidity. 
Analysis of Block Size Comparisons: In addition to the initial holding period requirements under 
Rule 144, restricted stock is subject to 'dribble out' provisions following the expiration of the 
holding period. This provision limits the volume of quarterly resales to the greater of: (I) one 
percent of the total shares outstanding; or (2) the avenge weekly trading volume for the four weeks 
preceding the sale. Therefore, a 20% block could take up to five years after the expiration of the 
initial required holding period to fully resell. Because of the relatively long periods generally 
required to liquidate larger blocks of restricted stock following the expiration of the initial restriction 
period, larger blocks of restricted stock in the 2007 Discount Study data set tend to have illiquidity 
characteristics more similar to stock in privately-held companies (in blocks of any size), for which 
no market exists. 
As described earlier, there were 44 transactions involving blocks of more than 20%. These were 
reviewed, and segmented further as block size increased up to 40% and greater. This additional 
segmentation further reflects that observed median discounts tend to increase with block size. 
Table VI 
Block Size Comparative Analysis 
Observations 
Discount 
More than 40% 
42.6% 
More than 35% 
41.9% 
More than 30% 
41.9% 
More than 25% 
37.3% 
More than 20% 
32.8% 
20% or Less 
285 
22.0% 
The median discount for blocks less than 20% was 22%, while median discounts for transactions 
involving larger blocks ranged from 32.8% to 42.6%. These results demonstrate that larger blocks 
of restricted stock are more illiquid than smaller blocks of restricted stock. 
As noted earlier, larger blocks of restricted stock (i.e., blocks representing more than 20% of post-
transaction shares outstanding) are considered to be more similar to the securities of privately-held 
EFTA00590472
--- PAGE 74 ---
Addendum 4-13 
companies (in blocks of any size) due to the liquidity issues they face. Therefore, if a Restricted 
Stock Equivalent Discount is estimated based on an analysis of the subject company's financial risk 
characteristics relative to small blocks of restricted stock (i.e., blocks representing less than 20% of 
post-transaction shares outstanding), an adjustment based on the differential discounts between small 
and large blocks of restricted stock is appropriate to estimate a discount for lack of marketability. As 
discussed previously, this is referred to as the Private Company Discount Increment. 
C. Quantitative Analysis Based on 2007 Discount Study 
Based on Empire's analysis of the 2007 Discount Study data, we estimated a reasonable range of 
discounts for lack of marketability. In doing so, an estimated Restricted Stock Equivalent Discount 
was developed by comparing the subject's financial metrics to the size, risk, profitability and 
distribution paying metrics analyzed by Empire in the previous section. Next, a range of Private 
Company Discount Increments was developed based on the block size analysis described earlier. 
This results in an estimated range of reasonable discounts for lack of marketability for the subject 
interest. 
Restricted Stock Equivalent Discount: The seven variables which were identified and described 
earlier are considered in the calculation of the Restricted Stock Equivalent Discount. They include 
measures of size (revenue, market value, book value and total assets), volatility, net profit margin, 
and dividends. 
Private Company Discount Increment: As discussed earlier, the selection of the Restricted Stock 
Equivalent Discount was based upon an analysis of the subject's financial characteristics relative to 
the financial characteristics of transactions involving blocks of restricted stock representing less than 
20% of the post-transaction shares outstanding. However, it was shown earlier that transactions 
involving large blocks of restricted stock (i.e., greater than 20% of the post-transaction shares 
outstanding) have illiquidity characteristics more in common with the equity of closely-held 
companies. This is because the volume limitations imposed by Rule 144 following the expiration of 
the initial restriction period generally prevent large blocks of restricted stock from being sold 
quickly; i.e., the liquidity issues associated with larger blocks of restricted stock are generally much 
more significant than those associated with smaller blocks of restricted stock due to the Rule 144 
volume limitations. 
A Private Company Discount Increment was applied to the subject interest based on: (1) an analysis 
of the differential discounts between large and small block transactions; and (2) an analysis of the 
qualitative factors impacting marketability. 
Results from Empire's quantitative analysis as it 
pertains to the subject company are summarized in the narrative of the valuation report. 
EFTA00590473
--- PAGE 75 ---
Appendix A-1 
Apollo Entities 
Defined Terms for Black Family Partners LP Investments 
A. Apollo Operating Group Units ("AOG Units") 
• 
A signed copy of the Amended and Restated Tax Receivable Agreement 
by 
and among APO Corp., Apollo Principal Holdings II, LP ("APH II"), 
Apollo Principal Holdings IV, LP ("APH IV"), Apollo Principal Holdings 
VI, LP ("APH VI"), Apollo Principal Holdings VIII, LP ("APH 
Apollo Management Holdings ("AMH") and any other entity or persons 
which APO Corp acquired an interest from, dated May 6, 2013 (the 
"TRA"); 
• 
A signed copy of Apollo's Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company 
Agreement, dated July 13, 2007 (the "Apollo Agreement"); 
• 
A signed copy of the Agreement Among Principals, dated July 13, 2007 (the 
"Principals Agreement"); 
• 
A signed copy of the Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement, dated 
May 6, 2013 (the "Exchange Agreement"); 
• 
A signed copy of the Shareholders Agreement, dated July 13, 2007, and a 
signed copy of the First Amendment and Joinder, dated August 18, 2009, by 
and among Apollo, AP Professional Holdings L.P., BRH Holdings L.P., 
Black Family Partners L.P., MJR Foundation LLC, Leon D. Black, Marc J. 
Rowan and Joshua Harris (the "Shareholder Agreement"); 
• 
A copy of BRH Holdings, L.P.'s ("BRH") initial Exempted Limited 
Partnership Agreement, dated July 13, 2007 (the "BRH Agreement"); and 
B. Apollo Co-Invest Entities 
The Co-Invest Entities' are invested in funds affiliated with Apollo. 
• 
Apollo Co-Investors IV, LLC ("ACIV") 
• 
Apollo Co-Investors V, LLC ("ACV") 
• 
Apollo Co-Investors VI (A), LLC ("ACVI")2
• 
Apollo VIF Co-Investors, LLC ("AVC")' 
Collectively, ACIV, ACV, ACVI, AVC, ASC and FCI II are referred to as the "Co-Invest 
Entities." 
ACVI is formerly known as Apollo Co-Investors VI, LLC 
EFTA00590474
--- PAGE 76 ---
Appendix A-2 
Apollo Entities 
Defined Terms for Black Family Partners LP Investments 
• Apollo SOMA Co-Investors, LLC ("ASC") 
• FCI Co-Investors II (A), L.P. ("FCI II") 
C. Apollo Related Entities 
• 
AP Technology Partners LLC ("APTP") 
• 
AP SHL Investors LLC ("APSHL") 
D. Investments Not related to Apollo 
• 
Athene Holding, Ltd. ("AHL") 
• 
Anchorage Capital Partners ("ACP") 
• 
Canyon Value Realization Fund ("CVRF") 
• 
King Street Capital ("KSC") 
• 
Lone Cascade, LP ("LC") 
• 
Millennium Group USA ("MG") 
• 
HAO Capital Fund II, LP ("HAO") 
• 
Sustainable Woodlands Fund II, LP ("SWF") 
• 
Wolfensohn Capital Partners, LP ("WCP") 
• 
Tenfore Holdings Fund I, LP ("TEN4") 
• 
iCrete LLC ("iCrete") 
• 
Truckast LLC ("Truckast") 
• 
Knowledge Universe Education, LP ("KUE") 
• 
Environmental Solutions Worldwide ("ESWW") 
• 
Rally Labs, LLC ("Rally") 
• 
T-INK, Inc. ("T-INK) 
• 
Artbinder Inc. ("Anbinder") 
AVC is formerly known as Apollo DIF Co-Investors, LLC. 
EFTA00590475
--- PAGE 77 ---
EXHIBIT A 
COMPARATIVE INCOME STATEMENTS 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 
INTERNAL 
HISTORY 
2009 
HISTORY 
2010 
HISTORY 
2011 
HISTORY 
2012 
HISTORY 
2013 
Interest Income 
39,886,173 
39,559,148 
33,249,458 
50,219,778 
4,661,36 
Dividends 
1,627,995 
2,276,840 
7,417,671 
27,525,302 
482,90 
Portfolio Income 
3,058,819 
3,403,283 
4,774,754 
10,060,768 
Passthrough Income 
2,119,698 
133,861 
Net Short•Term Capital Gain (Loss) 
6,554,802 
20,437,720 
6,212,510 
4,584,881 
Net Long•Term Capital Gain (Loss) 
(17,836,001) 
20,885 007 
70.875.303 
219,985,333 
7,409.89 
TOTAL REVENUES 
33,291,788 
86,561,998 
124,649,394 
312,509,923 
12,554,17 
Depreciation 
(1,453) 
5,488 
Deductions Related to Portfolio Income 
6,373,108 
8,880.968 
8,173,457 
10,634,735 
18,500,00 
Charitable Contributions 
120,372 
181 
108,728 
1,722 
Travel and Entertainment 
524,956 
7,642 
473,595 
Miscellaneous Expenses 
1.682.90 
Total Operating Expenses 
7,016,983 
8,886,637 
8,289.827 
11,110,057 
20,182,90 
NET OPERATING INCOME 
26,274,805 
77,675,361 
116,359,567 
301,399,866 
(7,628,73 
Ordinary Income kern Partnerships 
21,603,971 
(1,161,368) 
14,762,810 
52,580,261 
Interest Expense 
(17,102,172) 
(5,657,423) 
(20,509,986) 
(24,876,987) 
Real Estate Income 
327 
4,249 
5,455 
17,113 
Amortization Expenditures 
(919,361) 
(919,833) 
(734,176) 
Foreign Taxes 
(1,165,147) 
(66,945) 
(930,893) 
(1,028,670) 
Unrealized Gains (Loss) 
1,950,867,859 
Other Income 
1,938,329 
Total Other Income (Expense) 
3,336,979 
(7,800,848) 
(7,592,447) 
25,957,541 
1,952,806,188 
PRE-TAX INCOME 
29,611.784 
69,874,513 
108,767.120 
327,357,407 
1,945,177,453 
Provision (Benefit) for Taxes 
NET INCOME 
29,611.784 
69.874.513 
108,767.120 
327.357.407 
1.945.177.453 
financial Statements for 2009 through 2012 conoikd using the records of Baia Ende. Meer d Co LiP sod are pre::enfeci Cr, 2 oon.GAAP bast. Fskinca SistemeWs kr 20,3 au& n&y pvepated by 
Management 
EFTA00590476
--- PAGE 78 ---
EXHIBIT B 
COMPARATIVE BALANCE SHEETS 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 
ASSETS 
INTERNAL 
HISTORY 
2009 
HISTORY 
2010 
HISTORY 
2011 
HISTORY 
2012 
HISTORY 
2013 
Cash and Equivalents 
33,820.889 
56,286,395 
13,289.724 
18,748,910 
5,819,649 
Accrued Interest 
62,496 
896,557 
Investments 
964.895.987 
987.923.724 
965.786.061 1.139.271.686 
3.315.619 
Total Current Assets 
998.779.372 1.044.210.119 
979.075.785 1.158.020.596 
10.031.825 
Loans Receivable 
45,000.000 
o 
75,000,000 
136,000,000 
99,547,077 
Due To/From LBF Hollings, LLC 
280,983.533 
2,105,809 
Apollo Investment Corp Stocks 
8,319,017 
8,318,966 
8,319,017 
Marketable Securities and Direct Investments 
101,974,930 
Apollo Investments (Private) 
3,002,864,421 
Investment Partnerships (Private) 
61,947,079 
Deterred Tax Asset • TRA Benefit 
302,797,259 
Deferred Tax Asset • TRA Div 2007 
87,113,203 
Other Assets 
5.081.091 
10.695.823 
Total Other Assets 
325.983,53 
8,319,017 
83,318.966 
149,400,108 
3,669,045,602 
TOTAL ASSETS 
1,324,762.90 
1.052.529.136 1.062,394.751 1.307.420.704 
3.679.077.427 
LIABILITIES & PARTNERS' CAPITAL 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
78,200 
4,720,594 
Partners' Capital Accounts 
1.324.762.905 1.052.529.136 1.062.394.751 1.307.342.504 
3.674.356.833 
Total Partners' Capital 
1.324.762.905 1.052.529.136 1.062.394.751 1.307.342.504 
3.674.356.833 
TOTAL LIABILITIES & PARTNERS' CAPITAL 
1,324,762.905 1.052.529.136 1.062,394.751 1.307.420.704 
3.679.077.427 
FinanbalStalemeors for 2009 throo9b 20J2 COT: 11W ustro; the retools of Rabb. &wit Mali& 8 Co LIP and ate presented on a non-GAAP Assts. Financial Siarefnents tor 2013 !Mornay pyepareel by 
hfanagernoof 
EFTA00590477
--- PAGE 79 ---
EXHIBIT C 
COMPARATIVE CASH FLOW STATEMENTS 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
INTERNAL 
HISTORY 
2010 
HISTORY 
2011 
HISTORY 
2012 
HISTORY 
2013 
Net Income 
69,874,513 
108,767.120 
327,357,407 
1,945,177,453 
Adjustments to reconcile Net Income to Net Cash 
Provided from Operating Activities 
Depreciation 
5,488 
Change in Accounting Convention 
904,751,039 
(Inc.) Dec. in Accrued Interest 
62,496 
(896,557) 
(Inc.) Dec. in Loans Receivable 
45,000,000 
(75.000.000) 
(61,000,000) 
36,452,923 
(Inc.) Dec. in Other Assets 
(5,081,091) 
(5,614,732) 
Inc. (Dec.) in Total Liabilities 
78,200 
4,642,394 
Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Operating Activities 
114,942,497 
33,767.120 
261,354,521 
2,884,512,519 
CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
Capital Expenditures 
(5,488) 
(5) 
Investments 
(23,027,737) 
22,137,663 
(173,485,625) 1,135,956,067 
Apollo Investment Corp Stocks 
(8,319,017) 
(51) 
8,319,017 
Marketable Securities and Direct Investments 
(101,974,930) 
Apollo Investments (Private) 
(3,002,864,421) 
Investment Partnerships (Private) 
(61,947,079) 
Deferred Tax Asset • TRA Benefit 
(302,797,259) 
Deterred Tax Asset TRA Div 2007 
(87,113,203) 
Due TalFrom LBF Holdings. LLC 
280,983,533 
(2,105,809) 
Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Investing Activities 
249.631.291 
22.137.714 
(173.485.681) (2.414.527.618) 
CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
Contributions 
93,466,375 
Distributions 
(342,109,052) 
(192,367,880) 
(82,409,654) 
(482,914,162) 
Prior Year Adjustment 
770 
Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Financing Activities 
(342,108,282) 
(98,901.505) 
(82,409,654) 
(482,914,162) 
NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 
22,465,506 
(42,996.671) 
5,459,186 
(12,929,260) 
Beginning Cash 
33.820.889 
56.286.395 
13.289.724 
18.748.910 
Ending Cash 
56.286.395 
13.289.724 
18.748.910 
5.819.650 
financed &elements for 2009 through 2012 cornpred umng Dx records of Rath. Ends. Mate 8 Co LIP and me presented on a norbSAAP basis. Financial Stare/bents for 2013 infernagy prepared by 
Managerneel 
EFTA00590478
--- PAGE 80 ---
EXHIBIT 0 
CALCULATION OF NET ASSET VALUE 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS. LP 
48.48T$ 
SUPPOKTMO 
fxlaMT 
CAPITAL 
ACCOUNT BALANCE 
ADJUSTMENTS 
JU>Tt0 
BOOK VALUE 
Aol
Assail 
Cabs Martalable Bataan 
Bo* of Americo • Checking Acorn S Mone9 Mahn Fun% 
no 
Si I.347964 
$0 
111.397541 
05% 
JP lAacson Brokerage &can • Oa., 
No 
31.766.34 
$0 
11.716,364 
OA% 
JP Morgan Brokerage &can • Apolo Iwountem Cop. (lcia AMY) 
No 
15,314.980 
$0 
15,314.9413 
02% 
JP Morgan Brokerage Aran • Entietrunottal Saloons Wodd(blar£SYNO 
No 
12.514.662 
(1251.864) 
12266,796 
0.f% 
JP Mogan Brokwage &can • AP AncenarAto Paso's LP. alciarAAA • AingeolisaI 
No 
1907.840 
*807040 
OD% 
K12 ine.(Ticia:LPH) 
No 
31,968782 
SO 
11.965,782 
0.f% 
Apollo Med Tans Dan (Mobs Equity Olean Inlareele) 
ApdbCainveseers N. LLC 
Ef through 5.3 
164.127 
of 14.1271 
1350,000 
OD% 
ApdbCc‘Initesbers V. LLC 
Ef through E3 
53.060.606 
3760.606) 
12300,003 
0.f% 
ApdbCc‘Initesbers V1 (A) LLC 
El through E3 
$34.36.709 
36415.709) 
127.270,003 
12% 
Nterapelle Raced Teem Engle* (Mole Faulty Dfrool lelereMS) 
HAO Cards, Fir8111 LP 
El through E3 
53.327.994 
(427.994) 
12.500/300 
0.f% 
SuslanableWoodbads Fund II. LP 
El through E-3 
8,971379 
36.641.279) 
112330.000 
00% 
WoVenschn Captal Partner, LP 
El through E-3 
$2.211.739 
3771.739) 
11.440,000 
0.f% 
Tonlore lloktiNA Ford I. LP 
El through E-3 
$494.341 
0244.341) 
1440.000 
OD% 
Aped. Caput Modal Funds 04•0", Fund Direct Invoslmonis) 
Apollo SORIA Cakweiters. LLC 
F.1 through F.3 
13.112.609 
352.609) 
13460.003 
0.f% 
ApclbVIF Colevealres. LLC 
F.1 through F-3 
18.111.658 
(641.658) 
18430.033 
0,4% 
Fa Colnvealors • (A). LP 
FA through F-3 
4.018559 
32408.559) 
15610.00( 
03% 
Antra Hokin; LIO 
FA through F-3 
810.400.000 
33.120.000) 
17.280.000 
03% 
AP Tannclogy Panama. lit 
FA through F.3 
$13.774 
33.774) 
110.000 
00% 
AP SRL Puoscom, LLC 
FA through F.3 
SO 
SO 
SO 
00% 
Hort Apollo Capital Market Funds (Hodge Fund Dial invesimenIsI 
A9:hrage COOP Parker, 
Ff through F.3 
817.94278 
(9oo2.27e) 
117.050.000 
OVA 
Corson Valve Realabon Fad 
FS through F.3 
519.082.039 
0762.039) 
114320.000 
OS% 
Arg Slone C4043 
Ft MeougH F.3 
11.009.165 
(S299.I 66) 
1710000 
OD% 
Lone Canada. LP 
F4 through F.3 
$35.504728 
31.778.7210 
133780,000 
ISY 
PA Brew* O8,4)1)5A 
Ft MmugH F.3 
124.821922 
(9050.922) 
SUMMON 
1.1% 
BM 810400,  (Apollo Operating Group) 
Apal, Canaan* Group oats 
al 
12209.224.730 
M519224.730) 
$1.6106000.033 
759% 
Tax Ro:oNatie Amato'', (TPA) 
SO 
1178403.000 
1174000.033 
80% 
Tax Ro:ONatie Amon a el • Jay 2007 Tromacoon 
OS 
SO 
393000000 
193.000.003 
42% 
Maconomous Minim 
Trockooi LLC 
$1.224078 
(424.777) 
44301 
00% 
KnoMmlm Unueme EOLcabs LP 
534.0o$278 
assolAoso 
sasomoo 
1.1% 
KU Lbromment 
334010 
(01$10) 
125,110 
00% 
ESY/W Comeribb Holm 
$3.066.793 
$2210.765 
16,077458 
03% 
Holy Labs. LEO 
1183.015 
066.805) 
$122210 
OD% 
1100003 
06.001) 
145.0)2 
00% 
AnOrcler Inc 
WSW 
03.499) 
36.490 
00% 
Promissory HMS and Receivables 
Duo from Leon 0. &wk. all 
131,613562 
SO 
$31,613,562 
14% 
Due from PLB LLC. mcLciloo accrued iraffini 
4.209332 
SO 
$1209,322 
01% 
Due from BAH Hollaps. LP 
12.827519 
SO 
12827519 
01% 
Due from • PrakIgn Credal-Me 
$4 759 250 
$176925.0 
Die. 
TOTAL ASSETS 
P me (us 101 
dna 247 820 
217697 447 
107-
LIABILITTEllEABINEBBLCAINIAL 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
so 
so 
so 
PART1ERT CAPITAL 
12308.935 308 
3281287.421) 
4227.697.887 
TOTAL LIABILITIES & CAPITAL 
t2_300 95 VII 
crer2474211 
on 697 447 
AaLsieS Boca Va. 
U227.697)387 
Pro Rau ABY a Sutton MINN A 
35281% 
178.595.231 
Lesa:Carbical Miaow/ foe Lack al Coma ora Mykotabity 
150% 
311,789215) 
Pea LUNA Yaw*, a 3.5281%Umted Partnershplalores1 
166.805,947 
Pro Rata Fell Markin Value ale 3.5.2M%LlioNod PonnotiND Imormt rounded 
46805.947 
EFTA00590479
--- PAGE 81 ---
EXHIBIT E-1 
PRIVATE EQUITY INVESTMENTS - CAPITAL ACCOUNT ANALYSIS 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
AS OF SEPTEMBER 3, 2014 
Fund 
Name 
Total 
Capital 
Commitment 
Total 
Capital 
Contributed 
Distributions 
Since 
Inception 
% of 
Capital 
Called (1) 
Capital 
Account 
Balance (2) 
L.P. Investment Positions 
Apollo Co-Investors IV, LLC 
$26,099,000 
$26,816,435 
$42,865,434 
103% 
$464,127 
Apollo Co-Investors V, LLC 
$23,647,681 
$34,648,327 
$69,455,917 
147% 
$3,060,606 
Apollo Co-Investors VI (A), LLC 
$45,503,255 
$62,201,846 
$63,878,069 
137% 
$34,085,709 
HAO Capital Fund II LP 
$6,000,000 
$4,980,000 
$1,795,510 
83% 
$3,327,994 
Sustainable Woodlands Fund II. LP 
$20,000,000 
$20,000,000 
$2,394,504 
100% 
$18,971,279 
Wolfensohn Capital Partners LP 
$5,000,000 
$4,830,590 
$2,206,829 
97% 
$2,211,739 
Tenfore Holdings Fund I, LP 
$1,500,000 
$629,207 
$21,633 
42% 
$684,341 
Total Capital Account Balance 
$62,805,795 
(1) Certain distributions were recallable. allowing for called amounts greater than 100%. 
(2) 
The most recent quarterly capital account balance was adjusted to reflect contributions and otistributions after the statement date and as of the Valuation Date. 
EFTA00590480
--- PAGE 82 ---
EXIIBIT E-2 
PRIVATE EOUITY INVESTMENTS - RISK ANALYSIS 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS. LP 
Valustion Oste 
422914 
Cfatributed 
TO1ld 
ESIlmated 
Expecled 
I%) 
CM 
Net 
C4ntfliClual 
Eaben•lene 
Yen 
Primry 
CsIn. el 
Flamalnieg 
RmilitIng 
n 8 % 
Mullipie oi 
Fund 
TonnInadon 
Posslble 
RemainInp 
Lifaaycle 
'nyes:ment 
Growite 
CapItal 
Capital 
Contributed 
CcmInbuled 
Preloned 
Camed 
R 
San 
Da% 
lin v•Iirij 
In Tenn 
SPN ø) 
Strut ns (2) 
In Value 
C4munaInl•nt (3) 
COntinitinint 
Catiltal (4) 
C•PII*1 (5) 
Return % 
Intenst % 
L.P. InentntenlP0elliOne 
I 
Apcno Colnveuess IV. LIS 
9'3112010 
NIA 
200 
VCM 
Pea 
$127.203 
0.5% 
159.1% 
IS 
0.0% 
04% 
Apcno Co.Invotoxs V. LIS 
4202012 
ti* 
2.00 
VCM 
»FP 
51.497.047 
6.3% 
200.5% 
2.1 
0.0% 
00% 
Apcila Co elve:sys VI (A). LIS 
1/12.2016 
2.00 
1.36 
VCM 
App 
51.774.549 
3.9% 
102/% 
IS 
00% 
00% 
I440 Cap14 Fund il LP 
1242015 
2.00 
1.25 
VCM 
POP 
51.020.000 
17.0% 
35.1% 
1.0 
8.0% 
23.0% 
Sustainatio Wooelancts Fund Il LP 
5,12018 
4.00 
3.66 
VCM 
PPP 
so 
0.0% 
120% 
1.1 
8.0% 
150% 
WOnensosn Coptsi Partnss LP 
229,2019 
9.00 
4.48 
VCM 
POP 
51.082.845 
21.3% 
45.7% 
0.9 
8.0% 
230% 
Tenlote 1431:Inst: fund I. LP 
4.12023 
200 
8.58 
VCM 
ko 
5992.426 
59.5% 
3.4% 
1.1 
00% 
200% 
(I) I • Invoarnam Siapo: VCM . Value Creaton'Harnst Stase 
(2) FOF • Ftv43 01Funt43. 0 • Dieci 
(3) Incides realtable Maten:ms. 
(4) (041/buled °SBN dNi000 by (010141 COnlaktOne) 
(5) (Datiauled Case • tantal ACCCOM Balance) &Mod by (Captal Contrianons) 
EFTA00590481
--- PAGE 83 ---
EXHIBIT E-3 
PRIVATE EQUITY INVESTMENTS - SUMMARY OF FAIR MARKET VALUES 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
AS OF SEPTEMBER 3, 2014 
Fund 
Name 
Selected 
Restriction Period 
Discount 
Capital 
Account 
Balance 
Less: Selected 
Restriction Period 
Discount 
Estimated 
Fair Market 
Value 
L.P. Investment Positions 
Apollo Co-Investors IV, LLC 
25% 
$464,127 
($116,032) 
$350,000 
Apollo Co-Investors V, LLC 
25% 
$3,060,606 
($765,152) 
$2,300,000 
Apollo Co-Investors VI (A), LLC 
20% 
$34,085,709 
($6,817,142) 
$27,270,000 
HAO Capital Fund II LP 
25% 
$3,327,994 
($831,999) 
$2,500,000 
Sustainable Woodlands Fund II, LP 
35% 
$18,971,279 
($6,639,948) 
$12,330,000 
Wolfensohn Capital Partners LP 
35% 
$2,211,739 
($774,109) 
$1,440,000 
Tenfore Holdings Fund I, LP 
35% 
$684,341 
($239,519) 
$440,000 
Total Fair Market Value of Private Equity Interests 
$46,630,000 
EFTA00590482
--- PAGE 84 ---
EXHIBIT F-1 
CAPITAL MARKET/HEDGE FUNDS - CAPITAL ACCOUNT SUMMARY 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
AS OF SEPTEMBER 3, 2014 
Valuation Date 
9/3/2014 
Capital 
Unrestricted 
Account 
Sidepocket 
Capital 
Fund Name 
Balance 
Amount 
Amount 
Apollo SOMA Co-Investors, LLC 
$3,112,609 
$61,331 
$3,051,278 
Apollo VIF Co-Investors, LLC 
$8,111,658 
$7,420 
$8,104,238 
FCI Co-Investors II (A). LP 
$8,018,559 
$8,018,559 
$0 
Athene Holding, Ltd. 
$10,400,000 
$10,400,000 
$0 
AP Technology Partners, L.P. 
$13,774 
$13,774 
$0 
AP SHL Investors, LLC 
$0 
$0 
$0 
Anchorage Capital Partners 
$17,952,278 
$0 
$17,952,278 
Canyon Value Realization Fund 
$19,082,039 
$0 
$19,082,039 
King Street Capital 
$1,009,166 
$1,009,166 
$0 
Lone Cascade, LP 
$35,508,728 
$0 
$35,508,728 
Millennium Group USA 
$24,823,922 
$0 
$24,823,922 
Total 
$128,032,733 
$19,510,250 
$108,522,483 
EFTA00590483
--- PAGE 85 ---
EXHMIT F-2 
CAPITAL MARKEIMEDGE FUNDS - UNRESTRICTED CAPITAL ANALYSIS 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
AS OF SEPTEMBER 3. 2014 
Apollo SOMA Co- 
Apollo VIF Co- 
Anchorage Capital 
Canyon VS 
Millennium Group 
LLC 
Investors LLC 
Partners 
Realization Fund 
Lone Cascade. LP 
USA 
Capital Account Balance at Valuation Date (Unresbicted) 
Earliest Withdrawal Date 
$3.051278 
98.104.238 
917.952.278 
919.082.039 
$35.508.728 
924.823.922 
9/30/2014 
9130/2014 
6/30/2015 
12/31/2014 
12/31/2014 
12/31/2014 
PUT OPTION ANALYSIS 
INPUT VARIABLES 
Unrestricted Capital Balance (Most Recent Available) 
$3.051278 
$8.104.238 
$17.952278 
$19.082.039 
$35.508.728 
$24,823.922 
Exercise Price 
$3.051.278 
$8.104238 
817.952.278 
$19.082.039 
935.508.728 
$24,823.922 
Term (years) 
0.07 
0.07 
0.82 
0.33 
0.33 
0.33 
Volatility 
13.50% 
13.50% 
7.50% 
7.50% 
15.00% 
5.00% 
Annual Rate of Quarterly Dividends 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Continuously Compounded Risk Free Rate 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.08% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
Put Option Value 
E44.670 
8118.644 
$480.844 
$324.716 
81210.524 
$281,090 
Discount Implied by Black Scholes Model 
1.46% 
1.46% 
2.68% 
1.70% 
3.41% 
1.13% 
Plus: Adjustment for Other Factors 
0.25% 
0.25% 
1.00% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
Estimated Discount Based on Put Analysis 
1.70% 
1.70% 
3.70% 
2.20% 
3.90% 
1.60% 
RESTRICTED STOCK STUDY - OUALATATIVE ANALYSIS 
Est mated Discourl Based on Qualitative Ana'ysts 
1.00% 
1.00% 
7.00% 
6.00% 
6.00% 
6.00% 
HOLDING PERIOD SUMMARY ANALYSIS 
Selected Liquidity Discount for Holding Period 
1.0% 
1.0% 
5.0% 
4.0% 
5.0% 
AO% 
Note: The term for Apollo SOMA Co-Investors. LLC and Apollo VIF Co-Investors. LLC assumes withdrawal al the end of the current month. The agreement provisions for Apollo SOMA Co-Investors. LW require 
days notice for withdrawals that are permitted annually on the anniversary date (March 1st) of the investment. The agreement provisions for Apollo VIF Co-Investors. LLC require 65 days notice for 
withdrawals that are permitted at the end of each calendar quarter. 
EFTA00590484
--- PAGE 86 ---
EXHIBIT F-3 
CAPITAL MARKET/HEDGE FUNDS - HOLDING PERIOD DISCOUNT SUMMARY 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
AS OF SEPTEMBER 3. 2014 
Vs'Atien Dare 
91.2014 
Sidepocket 
Primary Tranche 
Unrestricted 
Less: 
Balance, less Lock-up 
Unrestricted 
Less: 
Balance. less Lock-up 
Balance. less Lock-up 
Sidepotkel 
Capital 
Sidepocket 
Lock-up Period 
Period Discount 
Capital 
Lock-up Period 
Period Discount 
Period Discount 
Fund Name 
Discount % 
Discount % 
Amount 
Discount 
(A) 
Amount 
Discount 
(B) 
Value (A•B) 
Apollo SOMA Co4nvesiors.LLC 
30% 
1.00% 
$61,331 
($18,399) 
542.932 
$3.051.278 
1$30.513) 
$3,020,765 
53.060.000 
Apollo VIF Co-Investors. LLC 
30% 
1.00% 
$7,420 
(52.226) 
55.194 
58.104.238 
($81,042) 
$8,023,196 
58.030.003 
FCI Co-Investors II (A). LP 
30% 
0.00% 
$8,018,559 
($2,405,568) 
$5.612.991 
SO 
SO 
$0 
$5.610.000 
Athena Holding. Ltd. 
30% 
0.00% 
$10.400.000 
($3.120.000) 
57.280.000 
SO 
SO 
$0 
$7,280,000 
AP Technology Partners. L.P. 
30% 
0.00% 
$13,774 
($4.132) 
$9,642 
SO 
SO 
$0 
$10,000 
AP SHL Investors. LLC 
0% 
0.00% 
SO 
SO 
SO 
SO 
SO 
$0 
SO 
Anchorage Carktal Refiners 
0% 
5.00% 
SO 
SO 
SO 
$17,952,278 
($897.614) 
517,054.664 
517.050.000 
Canyon Value Realization Fund 
0% 
4.00% 
SO 
SO 
SO 
$19.082.039 
($763,282) 
$18,318,757 
518.320.000 
King Street Copal 
30% 
0.00% 
$1.009.166 
(5302.750) 
$706,416 
SO 
SO 
$0 
5710.000 
Lone Cascade. LP 
0% 
5.00% 
SO 
SO 
SO 
$35.508.728 
($1.775.436) 
$33.733292 
$33.730.000 
Millennium Group USA 
0% 
4.00% 
SO 
SO 
$24.823.922 
($992.957) 
$23.830.965 
$23,830,000 
Total Falr Market Value of Capital Market Fund Investments 
5117.630.000 
EFTA00590485
--- PAGE 87 ---
EXHIBIT 0-1 
APOLLO OPERATING GROUP UNITS 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
(0elvored. satiod to 14A 
Volume Restrictions)
Mardi 20 Annual 0sWay of A0G Units 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
AOG Units to be delivered 
6.954.537 
6.954.537 
6.954.537 
6.954.537 
64.909.016 
Percent of initial block defivered 
7.5% 
7.5% 
7.5% 
7.5% 
70.0% 
Share Price al Valuation Date 
$23.83 
$23.83 
$23.83 
$23.83 
$23.83 
Restricted Value of Delivered Shares 
$165.691,855 
9165,691.855 
$165,691,855 
$165,691,855 
$1,546,457,311 
Aggregate AOG Units. Unrestricted Value 
52.209.224.730 
INPUT VARIABLES 
Unrestricted Block Value 
$165.691.855 
$165.691.855 
$165.691.855 
$165.691.855 
$1.546.457.311 
Exercise Price 
$165.691.855 
$165.691.855 
$165.691.855 
$165.691.855 
$1.546.457.311 
Estimated Term (years) 
0.33 
0.33 
0.82 
1.82 
3.08 
Volatity 
30.00% 
30.00% 
30.00% 
40.00% 
40.00% 
Annual Rate of Quarterly Dividends 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Continuously Compounded Risk Free Rate 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.08% 
0.52% 
0.99% 
Discount Implied by Black Scholes Model 
6.82% 
6.82% 
10.78% 
20.73% 
25.54% 
Plus: AiAustrnent for Other Factors 
0.50% 
0.50% 
1.00% 
2.25% 
2.75% 
Estimated Discount Based on Put Analysis 
7.30% 
7.30% 
11.80% 
23.00% 
28.30% 
Selected Liquidity Discount for Lock-up Period 
7.30% 
7.30% 
11.80% 
23.00% 
28.30% 
AOG Units. Unrestricted Value 
$165.691.855 
$165991.855 
$165091955 
$165.691.855 
$1.546.457.311 
Less: Restriction Period Discount 
f$1Z0955051 
412.095.5051 
($19.551.6391 
($39109.1271 
($437.647.419) 
AOG Units. Estimated Restriction Adjusted Value 
$153,596.349 
$153,596,349 
$146,140,216 
9127.582.728 
91.108,809.892 
Aggregate AOG Units. Estimated Restriction Adjusted Value 
$1.689,725.535 
Aggregate AOG Units. Estimated Restriction Adjusted Value, rounded 
$1,890,000,000 
EFTA00590486
--- PAGE 88 ---
EXHIBIT G-2 
APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, LLC - VOLATILITY 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
AS OF SEPTEMBER 3, 2014 
Company 
Ticker 
yr. 
yr. 
yr. 
yr. 
I IMPLIED VOLATILITY 
Deb-Ziff Capital Management 
OZM 
32.0% 
29.4% 
35.3% 
34.8% 
36.2% 
Blackstone 
BX 
28.9% 
30.0% 
33.2% 
37.7% 
22.7% 
Fortress Investment Group LLC 
FIG 
33.1% 
35.3% 
39.6% 
45.9% 
29.5% 
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. 
KKR 
24.1% 
23.2% 
31.4% 
n/a 
20.4% 
Apollo Global Management 
APO 
30.9% 
32.4% 
37.8% 
n/a 
27.5% 
The Carlyle Group 
CG 
27.4% 
29.2% 
n/a 
n/a 
29.0% 
Oaktree Capital Group. LLC 
OAK 
18.6% 
18.4% 
n/a 
n/a 
17.3% 
Mean 
27.8% 
28.3% 
35.4% 
39.5% 
26.1% 
Median 
28.9% 
29.4% 
35.3% 
37.7% 
27.5% 
Min 
18.6% 
18.4% 
31.4% 
34.8% 
17.3% 
Max 
33.1% 
35.3% 
39.6% 
45.9% 
36.2% 
Selected Volatility for Apollo Global Management, LLC 
Periods > 1 yr. 
40.0% 
Periods < 1 yr. 
30.0% 
*Voletilly date from the Bloomberg Network 
Note: Per ApoNo Global Management CW136'30/2014 WO Ming. management expected annual voleNily of 4.5%. 
EFTA00590487
--- PAGE 89 ---
EXHIBIT G-3 
APOLLO OPERATING GROUP - TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
AS OF SEPTEMBER 3, 2014 
Number of Shares 
92.727,166 
Price per Share 
$23.83 
Value of Block 
$2.209.224.730 
Value Attributable to APO Corp. 
69.99% 
$1,546.236,388 
Annual Amortization (15 yr.) 
$103.082.426 
Effective Tax Rate (Per Management) 
40.35% 
Discount Rate 
12.75% 
(Brillion) 
Year 
TRA Amortization 
TRA Tax Shield 
Days 
PV Factor 
Present Value of TRA 
Tax Benefit 
$103.082.426 
$41393.759 
365 
0.89 
$36.890.252 
$103.082.426 
$41393,759 
731 
0.79 
$32.707.872 
$103.082.426 
$41.593,759 
1.096 
0.70 
$29.009.199 
$103.082.426 
$41.593,759 
1.461 
0.62 
$25.728.779 
$103.082.426 
$41.593,759 
1.826 
0.55 
$22.819.316 
$103.082.426 
$41.593,759 
2.192 
0.49 
$20.232.209 
$103.082.426 
$41.593,759 
2.557 
0.43 
$17.944.309 
$103.082.426 
$41.593,759 
2.922 
0.38 
$15.915.130 
$103.082.426 
$41.593,759 
3.287 
0.34 
$14.115.415 
$103.082.426 
$41.593,759 
3.653 
0.30 
$12,515.100 
$103.082.426 
$41.593,759 
4.018 
0.27 
$11,099.867 
$103.082.426 
$41.593,759 
4.383 
0.24 
$9,844.671 
$103.082.426 
$41393,759 
4.748 
0.21 
$8,731.416 
$103.082.426 
$41393,759 
5.114 
0.19 
$7.741.504 
$103.082.426 
$41393.759 
5.479 
0.17 
$6.866.079 
$272.161.116 
Aggregate Present Value of TRA Tax Benefit, rounded 
$272.160.000 
TRA Tax Benefit Sharing Percentage 
85% 
Net Unrestricted TRA Tax Benefit Available to Block 
$231.336,000 
Less: Restriction Period Discount (from Exhibit G-4) 
23% 
($53.207.280) 
Net Fair Market Value of TRA Tax Benefit Available to Block, rounded 
$178,000.000 
EFTA00590488
--- PAGE 90 ---
EXHIBIT G-4 
APOLLO OPERATING GROUP UNITS 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
AS OF SEPTEMBER 3, 2014 
Estimated Restricted TRA Value 
Weighted Average Restriction Period (yrs.) 
INPUT VARIABLES 
Unrestricted Block Value 
Exercise Price 
Estimated Term (years) 
Volatility 
Annual Rate of Quarterly Dividends 
Continuously Compounded Risk Free Rate 
Put Option Value 
Discount Implied by Black Scholes Model 
$231,336,000 
2.4 
$231,336,000 
$231,336,000 
2.4 
40.00% 
0.00% 
0.75% 
$53,749,149 
23.23% 
Selected Restriction Period Discount for TRA Value 
23% 
EFTA00590489
--- PAGE 91 ---
EXHIBIT G5 
APOLLO OPERATING GROUP - TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
AS OF SEPTEMBER 3. 2014 
Effective Entity Ownership of Existing TRA 
Discount Rate" 
(Smiffions) 
Payment for Fiscal Year-
Aggregate Existing 
TRA Payments' 
Effective Entity 
Ownership of Existing 
TRA 
Entity Pro Rata 
Share 
Days 
PV Factor 
Present Value of TRA 
Tax Benefit 
2014 
$28,763.115 
41.68% 
$11,987,935 
119 
0.97 
$11,621,153 
2015 
131.276.125 
41.68% 
$13,035,311 
484 
0.88 
111.487,713 
2016 
531.750,169 
41.68% 
$13,232,884 
850 
0.80 
$10,598,895 
2017 
$33.385,585 
41.68% 
$13,914,495 
1,215 
0.73 
110,131,665 
2018 
135.444,666 
41.68% 
$14,772,682 
1,580 
0.66 
$9,778,676 
2019 
$38.038,627 
41.68% 
$15,853,797 
1,945 
0.60 
$9,540,284 
2020 
$41.614,271 
41.68% 
$17,344,059 
2,311 
0.55 
$9,485,772 
2021 
147,707.862 
41.68% 
$19,883,756 
2,676 
0.50 
$9,886,161 
2022 
$37,731,640 
41.68% 
$15,725,851 
3,041 
0.45 
$7,108,054 
2023 
112,965.663 
41.68% 
$5.403,849 
3,406 
0.41 
$2220.481 
2024 
$4,455,370 
41.68% 
$1,856,916 
3,772 
0.37 
$693,474 
2025 
11,530.992 
41.68% 
$638,089 
4,137 
0.34 
$216,634 
2026 
$526,092 
41.68% 
$219,265 
4,502 
0.31 
$67,674 
2027 
$180,780 
41.68% 
$75,346 
4,867 
0.28 
$21,141 
2028 
$62.121 
41.68% 
$25,891 
5,233 
0.26 
$6,602 
$21,347 
2029 
41.68% 
$8,897 
5,598 
0.23 
$2,063 
2030 
17,335 
41.68% 
$3.057 
5.963 
0.21 
$644 
3345.461,760 
$143,982.080 
$92,867,086 
Concluded Pro Rata Present Value of Existing TRA Benefit dividends 
$93,000,000 
41.68% 
10% 
lhojecred TRA tabled amortization dividend based on ManagemenIS projections. This value is 55% of the eAseeled fax savings. 
Based on a review of 
IS yt corporare bond yiets (BB Sid was 6.0T% as of the Valuation Date); no Apollo Operating Group's cost of equity; and 66) assn specific risk Sugars. 
Dianbution of TRA &Mend teceived ay Black Faintly Partners by AO 15 of The subsequent year. E.g. Fiscal 2013 &Sens an, be received by Apnl 152014. 
EFTA00590490
--- PAGE 92 ---
EXHIBIT 141 
BETA CALCULATION 
APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, LLC 
AS OF SEPTEMBER 3. 2014 
Peer Group Data as OS 
Company Name 
Odhaff Capital Management 
Blackstone 
Fortress Investment Group LLC 
Apolb Global Management LLC 
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts 8 Co. 
The Cadyte Group. LP 
Oaktree Caudal Group. LLC 
Average 
Median 
932014 
Symbol 
Beet 
Rr
Share Price 
Shares 
Outstanding 
(MN) 
NV of Equity 
(SIAM) 
LT Debt 
(314M) 
Preferred 
(SAM) 
MVIC (34411) 
Tax Rate-
Debt/Egulty 
OZM 
1.23 
34.5% 
$12.61 
473.1528 
$5.972.5 
$416.9 
$0.0 
$6.389.4 
36.9% 
7.0% 
BX 
1.65 
60.4% 
$33.39 
1.134.873 
$37.893.4 
$2.153.9 
$0.0 
$40.047.3 
36.7% 
5.7% 
FIG 
1.76 
47.6% 
37.45 
434.131 
$3.234.3 
$0.1 
$0.0 
$3234.3 
39.3% 
0.0% 
APO 
1.36 
34.1% 
$23.40 
385.727 
$9.026.0 
$999.0 
$0.0 
$10.025.0 
36.1% 
11.1% 
KKR 
1.41 
48.1% 
$23.20 
808.621 
$18.764.6 
$1.901.6 
$0.0 
$20.666.3 
35.0% 
10.1% 
CO 
0.92 
11.4% 
333.01 
329.088 
$10.8632 
$1.149.0 
$0.0 
$12.0122 
35.2% 
10.6% 
OAK 
0.93 
17.6% 
$50.99 
152.877 
37.7952 
$600.0 
$0.0 
$8.3952 
35.1% 
7.7% 
1.32 
36.0% 
$13.3642 
$1.031.5 
30.0 
$14.395.7 
36.3% 
7.4% 
1.38 
US% 
$9.026.0 
$999.0 
$0.0 
$10.025.0 
36.1% 
7.7% 
Unleveled Beta Calculallon'" 
Bu - Buf(lef(14)(CVE))) 
Using Beta. lax rate and me industry% debt to Molly ratio. the reported betas are first unlevered beton and then Weltered in the calculation to the Arght. 
Ockaff Caudal Management 
1.18 
Blackstone 
1.59 
Fortress Investment Group LLC 
1.76 
Aped, Global Management. LLC 
1.27 
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts 8 Co. 
1.33 
The Cady* Group. LP 
N'A 
Oakbee Capilal Group. LLC 
N'A 
Overall Average 
Overall Median 
Selected 
.33 
1.40 
Relented Bela Calculation 
..104)(CVE))) 
Bu 
1.40 
DE 
11.1% 
40.4% 
B 
- 
1.49 
Industry Debt/Mal Capital Calculations 
DebtiTotal Inv. Capital 
10.0% 
Eddy/fold Inv. Capilal 
90.0% 
Tax Rate Cakulation 
Combned Tax Rate 
40.35% 
SLNE 
dance Menteur Ahmed 
"rat de M O2d owl OX tressed en SEC Fide nabs irxtraing nit lag dietenden are mode based on ese hreor fluor,' combroott rev Ina New York Gym. Ned Yore reined moroxmatier 45% 
Saslow. mums maw eclat Mel the egret ammo docked from Par vwa dynes* acts atuld male' fen acoaa. *vote,* Mr Ma 
" nasurf vent leadiv date lorreirent CO and OAK Lela cabala 
EFTA00590491
--- PAGE 93 ---
EXHIBIT H-2 
CAPM SUMMARY 
APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, LLC 
AS OF SEPTEMBER 3, 2014 
The cost of equity capital using the Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM) is as follows: 
Re = RI +(B x( Rm - Rf )) + Rsm 
Where: 
Rf 
= 
Return on a risk-free asset 
= 
Beta - a measure of the systematic risk of the firm compared to the risk of an investment in 
a fully diversified stock market portfolio 
Rm - Rf 
= 
The market risk premium defined as the expected return required for investing in 
a fully diversified portfolio (Rm) less the risk-free rate (Rf) 
Rsm 
= 
Small stock premium 
We then calculated the Re as follows: 
Variable 
Value 
Source 
Rf = 
2.90% 
Rm - Rf = 
6.00% 
B. 
t49 
Rsm 
1.11% 
20-yr treasury bond rate 
Equity Risk Premium 
Computed Beta. see Page 3 
Duff and Phelps Mid-Cap Company Stock Premium (Deciles 3-5) 
Re= 
Rf +(Bx ( Rm - Rf )) + Rsm 
= 2.90% + 16.00% ' 1.49 1+ 1.11% 
Re = 
13.0% 
EFTA00590492
--- PAGE 94 ---
EXHIBIT I.1 
PRICE & HISTORICAL VOLATILITIES OF PUBLICLY TRADED 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COMPANIES AND CEICS INVESTED PRIMARILY IN PRIVATE EQUITY 
AS OF SEPTEMBER 3. 2014 
# 
COMPANY 
TICKER 
TYPE OF 
ENTITY (1) 
PRICE 
09)03/2014 (2) 
NAV 
PER SHARE (2,3) 
DISCOUNT FROM' 
(PREMIUM OVER) 
NAV 
5-YEAR 
VOLATILITY (2) 
Ares Capital Corporation 
ARCC 
BDC 
$17.04 
$16.42 
-3.8% 
21.6% 
Apollo Investment Corporation 
AINV 
BDC 
$8.78 
$8.67 
-1.3% 
29.1% 
TICC Capital Corp. 
TICC 
BDC 
$9.67 
$9.78 
1.1% 
23.0% 
MCG Capital Corp. 
MCGC 
BDC 
$3.98 
$4.37 
8.9% 
39.8% 
Gladstone Capital Corp. 
GLAD 
BDC 
$9.65 
$9.79 
1.4% 
26.0% 
American Capital. Ltd. 
ACAS 
BDC 
$15.46 
$19.29 
19.9% 
40.8% 
RENN Global Entrepreneurs Fund. Inc. 
RCG 
CEIC 
$1.59 
$2.45 
35.1% 
33.2% 
MVC Capital. Inc. 
MVC 
BDC 
$12.56 
$16.42 
23.5% 
20.9% 
Capital Southwest Corporation 
CSWC 
BDC 
$39.77 
$49.98 
20.4% 
25.2% 
AVERAGE 
11.7% 
28.8% 
MEDIAN 
8.9% 
26.0% 
MINIMUM 
-3.8% 
20.9% 
MAXIMUM 
35.1% 
40.8% 
denotes a businesS develOprnent 
. and "GEC' denotes a closed-end investment company. invested in private equdy. 
Source. Bloomberg Nehvorli lot BDCs: 
for CEICs. Closing 
Funds I through s ale focused on debt seamlles. while funds 6 through 9 are focused on equky secunhes. 
1.111Vs per share for the BDCs are as the most recenravailedb quarter. NA Vs per share to the GEC's are as ol the Valuation Date. 
EFTA00590493
--- PAGE 95 ---
EXHIBIT I-2 
PRICE & DIVIDEND YIELDS FOR PUBLICLY-TRADED CLOSED END FUNDS 
PRIMARILY INVESTED IN CAPITAL APPRECIATION SECURITIES 
AS OF SEPTEMBER 3, 2014 
# 
COMPANY' 
TICKER 
PRICE 
0903114 
NAV 
PER SHARE' 
DISCOUNT FROM 
NAY 
LTM 
DIVIDEND 
INCOME' 
LTM 
INCOME 
YIELD 
5-YEAR 
VOLATILITY3
Adams Express 
ADX 
$14.20 
$16.59 
14.4% 
0.20 
1.4% 
16.9% 
Denali Fund 
DNY 
$22.23 
$27.56 
19.3% 
0.04 
0.2% 
16.2% 
Eagle Capital Growth 
GRF 
$7.85 
$8.84 
11.2% 
0.14 
1.7% 
25.8% 
General American Investors 
GAM 
$38.27 
$44.54 
14.1% 
0.18 
0.5% 
17.9% 
Nuveen Core Equity Alpha 
JCE 
$18.13 
$18.98 
4.5% 
0.10 
0.5% 
17.0% 
Source Capital Inc 
SOR 
$68.29 
$77.34 
11.7% 
0.09 
0.1% 
19.5% 
Tri-Continental Corporation 
TY 
$21.42 
$24.92 
14.0% 
0.68 
3.2% 
15.7% 
Zweig Fund 
ZF 
$15.64 
$17.65 
11.4% 
0.14 
0.9% 
15.3% 
Zweig Total Return 
ZTR 
$14.21 
$15.78 
10.0% 
0.38 
2.7% 
10.5% 
AVERAGE 
12.3% 
1.2% 
17.2% 
MEDIAN 
11.7% 
0.9% 
16.9% 
MINIMUM 
4.5% 
0.1% 
10.5% 
MAXIMUM 
19.3% 
3.2% 
25.8% 
'Sample was created usin funds listed in Barron's . 
2lnformation from 
'Information from Bbomberg. closing prices. 
EFTA00590494
--- PAGE 96 ---
EXHIBIT 1-3 
PRICE & DIVIDEND YIELDS FOR PUBLICLY-TRADED CLOSED END FUNDS 
INVESTED PRIMARILY IN GOVERNMENT BONDS AND SECURITIES 
AS OF SEPTEMBER 3, 2014 
# 
COMPANY' 
TICKER 
PRICE 
09,03:14 
NAV 
PER SHARE' 
DISCOUNT FROM,' 
NAY 
LTM 
DIVIDEND 
INCOME' 
LTM 
INCOME 
YIELD 
5-YEAR 
VOLATILITY3
AllianceBemstein Income Fund 
ACG 
$7.56 
$8.40 
10.0% 
$0.42 
5.5% 
8.2% 
BlackRock Enhanced Gov Fund 
EGF 
$14.14 
$15.06 
6.1% 
$0.49 
3.4% 
6.3% 
BlackRock Income Trust 
BKT 
$6.43 
$7.27 
11.6% 
$0.32 
5.0% 
7.1% 
Federated Enhanced Treasury In 
FTT 
$13.46 
$14.65 
8.1% 
$0.17 
1.3% 
8.0% 
AVERAGE 
8.9% 
3.8% 
7.4% 
MEDIAN 
9.1% 
4.2% 
7.6% 
MINIMUM 
6.1% 
1.3% 
6.3% 
MAXIMUM 
11.6% 
5.5% 
8.2% 
'Sample was created usi 
funds listed in Barron's . 
21nformation from 
'Information from Bloomberg. closing prices. 
EFTA00590495
--- PAGE 97 ---
EXHIBIT J-1 
QUANTITATIVE FINANCIAL RISK ANALYSIS 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
MEASURES OF COMPANY SIZE 
A. Revenue 
Revenue (PAM) 
Discount 
•
Top Quintile 
Second Quintile 
Third Quintile 
Fourth Quintile 
Bottom Quintile 
Low 
I 
High 
I 
Average 
B. Market Value of Equity 
Top Quintile 
Second Quintile 
Third Quintile 
Fourth Quintile 
Bottom Quintile 
48.19 
13.49 
5.01 
0.63 
0.00 
1,791.45 
47.45 
13.00 
4.81 
0.59 
240.61 
26.02 
9.16 
2.42 
0.18 
Low 
I 
High 
Average 
I 
Median 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
53.3% 
84.3% 
59.2% 
70.0% 
81.0% 
17.5% 
21.0% 
23.3% 
29.6% 
29.2% 
14.7% 
15.1% 
20.8% 
26.1% 
27.8% 
Market Value ($MM) 
Discount 
C. Book Value of Equity 
Top Quintile 
Second Quintile 
Third Quintile 
Fourth Quintile 
Bottom amble 
Low 
I 
High 
I 
Average 
159.71 
90.13 
44.68 
23.33 
2.02 
5.726.14 
157.88 
89.34 
44.63 
22.96 
521.98 
117.12 
67.10 
32.04 
13.05 
Low 
I 
High 
I 
Average 
I 
Median 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
64.2% 
56.8% 
84.3% 
81.0% 
59.2% 
17.8% 
18.5% 
25.2% 
32.1% 
26.9% 
13.2% 
14.7% 
24.4% 
30.9% 
25.9% 
Book Value (EMM) 
Discount 
Low 
I 
High 
I 
Avenge 
Low 
I 
High 
Average 
I 
Median 
35.90 
789.38 
130.52 
0.0% 
53.3% 
14.0% 
11.2% 
12.15 
35.69 
23.48 
0.0% 
84.3% 
20.0% 
15.4% 
4.96 
11.72 
7.53 
0.0% 
70.0% 
27.3% 
25.9% 
1.50 
4.60 
2.77 
2.3% 
61.5% 
28.2% 
27.3% 
-26.40 
1.49 
-1.59 
0.0% 
81.0% 
31.1% 
28.9% 
D. Book Value of Total Assets 
Top Quintile 
Second Quintilo 
Third Quintile 
Fourth Quintile 
Bottom Quintile 
Total Assets ($MM) 
Discount 
Low 
I 
High 
I 
Average 
74.04 
12,471.37 
26.59 
72.54 
9.83 
28.42 
4.02 
9.83 
0.00 
4.00 
Low 
I 
High 
I 
Average 
I 
Median 
980.53 
0.0% 
47.10 
0.0% 
16.43 
2.3% 
7.07 
0.0% 
2.28 
0.0% 
84.3% 
64.2% 
60.1% 
70.0% 
81.0% 
17.1% 
13.2% 
16.5% 
12.8% 
23.4% 
22.7% 
29.9% 
27.8% 
33.7% 
33.3% 
EFTA00590496
--- PAGE 98 ---
EXHIBIT .1-2 
QUANTITATIVE FINANCIAL RISK ANALYSIS 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
MEASURES OF RISK & PROFITABILITY 
A. EQUITY VOLATILITY l • a' 3
Volatility 
Discount 
Low 
I 
High 
I 
Average 
Low 
I 
High 
I 
Average 
I 
Median 
Top Quintile 
110.8% 
2024.7% 
203.9% 
0.0% 
81.0% 
37.1% 
35.5% 
Second Quintile 
83.9% 
110.2% 
97.1% 
1.9% 
55.6% 
26.6% 
26.6% 
Third Quintile 
72.4% 
82.0% 
76.5% 
0.0% 
64.2% 
20.4% 
17.0% 
Fourth Quintile 
54.0% 
71.2% 
61.1% 
0.0% 
53.3% 
19.6% 
18.1% 
Bottom Quintile 
2.8% 
53.2% 
39.3% 
0.0% 
84.3% 
16.2% 
12.9% 
B. NET PROFIT MARGIN 
Net Profit Margin 
Discount 
Low 
I 
High 
I 
No. 
Low 
I 
High 
I 
Average 
I 
Median 
Margin > 0% 
Margin < 0% 
No Data Reported 
C. DIVIDENDS 
Dividend Paying 
Non-Dividend Paying 
0% 
536% 
0.0% 
84.3% 
20.2% 
15.4% 
-58225% 
0% 
185 
0.0% 
81.0% 
26.5% 
24.4% 
NIA 
NIA 
NIA 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Dividend Yield 
Discount 
High 
I 
Average 
I 
No. 
Low 
I 
High 
I 
Average 
I 
Median 
17.9% 
4.8% 
0.0% 
38.0% 
14.7% 
13.4% 
N/A 
N/A 
266 
0.0% 
84.3% 
24.8% 
23.0% 
Notes: 
Volatility is defined as the annualized standard deviation ol the continuously compounded rate ol return on the company's common stock. The standard deviation 
was calculated using the change in weekly closing prices over the one-year period prior to the transaction date. 
Includes 280 transactions. Volatility was not reported with 5 transactions. 
Implied discounts are positively correlated with volatility, and negatively correlated with size metrics. 
EFTA00590497
--- PAGE 99 ---
EXHIBIT J-3 
ESTIMATED RESTRICTED STOCK EQUIVALENT DISCOUNT 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
BASED ON QUANTITATIVE FINANCIAL RISK ANALYSIS 
Company 
Metric 
Exhibit 
Measure 
Implied Quintile Median Discount 
Weighting 
Weighted 
Average 
Size Metrics 
Revenue ($MM) 
EXHIBIT J-1 
$12.6 
Third Quintile 
20.8% 
12.50% 
2.6% 
Market Value of Equity ($MM) 
EXHIBIT J-1 
$2,227.7 
Top Quintile 
13.2% 
12.50% 
1.7% 
Book Value of Equity ($MM) 
EXHIBIT J-1 
$2,509.0 
Top Quintile 
11.2% 
0.00% 
0.0% 
Total Assets ($MM) 
EXHIBIT J-1 
$2,509.0 
Top Quintile 
13.2% 
0.00% 
0.0% 
Other Metrics 
Equity Volatility (%) 
EXHIBIT J-2 
40% 
Bottom Quintile 
12.9% 
25.00% 
3.2% 
Profitable (Based on Net Profit Margin) ' 
EXHIBIT J-2 
Y 
N/A 
15.4% 
25.00% 
3.8% 
Dividend-Paying' 
EXHIBIT J-2 
Y 
N/A 
13.4% 
25.00% 
3.4% 
ESTIMATED RESTRICTED STOCK EQUIVALENT DISCOUNT (TO EXHIBIT J-4) 
100.0% 
14.7% 
Notes: 
'Y= Yes: N= No. 
EFTA00590498
--- PAGE 100 ---
EXHIBIT J-4 
ESTIMATED PRIVATE COMPANY DISCOUNT INCREMENT 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, LP 
BASED ON BLOCK SIZE ILLIQUIDITY ANALYSIS 
% Shares Placed 
Discount 
Low 
High 
No. 
Low 
High 
Average 
Median 
More than 40% 
40.2% 
42.9% 
40.2% 
42.9% 
42.1% 
42.6% 
More than 35% 
38.9% 
42.9% 
32.3% 
62.4% 
4.6.8% 
41.9% 
More than 30% 
30.4% 
42.9% 
9.9% 
72.4% 
44.3% 
41.9% 
More than 25% 
25.0% 
42.9% 
1.7% 
72.4% 
33.5% 
37.3% 
More than 20% 
20.2% 
42.9% 
1.7% 
91.3% 
31.8% 
32.8% 
20% or Less 
0.1% 
19.8% 
285 
0.0% 
84.3% 
24.1% 
22.0% 
Summa 
Low 
Mid 
Hi h 
Minimum or Maximum or Median for blocks >20% 
32.8% 
37.7% 
42.6% 
Divided by Median for Blocks c 20% 
22.0% 
22.0% 
22.0% 
Multiplicative Adjustment Factors for Private Company Discount Increment' 
1.49 
1.71 
1.94 
Times: Estimated Restricted Stock Equivalent Discount (see EXHIBIT J•3) 
14.7% 
14.7% 
14.7% 
Implied Reasonable Range of Private Company Discounts 2
21.9% 
25.2% 
28.5% 
Blocks > 20%. excluding blocks with registration rights 
Implied Reasonable Range of Discounts for Lack of Marketability 
22.0% 
29.0% 
Notes: 
Equal to min or max median discount for block sizes > than 20% divided by median discount for block sizes c 20%. 
Equal to multiplicative adjustment factor times the restricted stock equivalent discount. 
EFTA00590499

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590500.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590500.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUBSCRIPTION BOOKLET 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS, L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
November 2015 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590500
--- PAGE 2 ---
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS, L.P. 
SUBSCRIPTION PROCEDURES 
This Subscription Booklet (this "Booklet") is being provided to prospective investors in 
connection with an offering (the "Offering") of limited partnership interests ("Interests") by ADW 
Capital Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Fund"). Prior to subscribing for Interests in 
the Fund, prospective investors should read the Confidential Memorandum of the Fund (the 
"Memorandum"), the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Fund, as the same 
may be amended from time to time (the "Partnership Agreement-), and this Booklet in their entirety. In 
order to invest in the Fund, please follow the subscription procedures outlined below. 
1. 
Please complete, execute and date the signature page to the Subscription Agreement and 
complete and notarize the Notarization Acknowledgment attached thereto. 
2. 
Please complete the Investor Profile (attached as Exhibit 1). 
3. 
Please review and complete the applicable form(s) of Confidential Investor Questionnaire 
("Questionnaire") (attached as Exhibit B). The following three forms of Questionnaire are included in 
this Booklet: 
(i) 
Questionnaire for Individuals (attached as Exhibit B-1). The Questionnaire for 
Individuals must be completed by any subscriber that is a natural person (Le., an 
individual). In the event that the subscriber consists of more than one natural person 
subscribing as joint tenants or tenants in common (other than as husband and wife 
subscribing as joint tenants), each such person should complete a separate Questionnaire 
for Individuals. If the subscriber is a husband and wife subscribing as joint tenants, only 
one Questionnaire is required. 
(ii) 
Questionnaire for Trusts (attached as Exhibit B-2). The Questionnaire for Trusts must be 
completed by any subscriber that is a trust (whether revocable, irrevocable or otherwise) 
(other than an employee benefit plan, individual retirement account, self-directed 
employee retirement plan or other Benefit Plan Investor). Each such subscriber must also 
comply with the additional requirements set forth in the footnotes and instructions to the 
Questionnaire, which may require that a Questionnaire also be prepared for one or more 
additional persons or entities. 
(iii) 
Questionnaire for Entities (attached as Exhibit B-3). The Questionnaire for Entities must 
be completed by any subscriber that is a corporation, partnership, limited liability 
company, retirement system, employee benefit plan or other Benefit Plan Investor 
(including an individual retirement account of a natural person or self-directed employee 
benefit plan of a natural person) or similar entity, and, as applicable, such subscriber 
should comply with the additional requirements set forth in the footnotes and instructions 
to the Questionnaire, which may require that a Questionnaire also be prepared for one or 
more additional persons or entities. 
4. 
Please complete the U.S. IRS Form W-9 (attached as Exhibit C). Subscribers that are not 
"United States persons" are required to provide information about their status for withholding tax 
purposes on IRS Fonn W-BEN, IRS Form W-8IMY, IRS Fonn W-8EXP, or IRS Form W-8ECI, as 
applicable. Copies of such tax forms are available via the U.S. Internal Revenue Service's website at 
www.irs.gov. 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590501
--- PAGE 3 ---
5. 
Please complete the Anti-Money Laundering Compliance Supplement and provide the 
documents and information required therein (attached as Exhibit D). 
6. 
Please carefully review the Privacy Notice of ADW Capital Management, LLC (attached as 
Exhibit E). 
7. 
Return completed and executed documents. Please return copies of the completed and 
executed subscription documents to the Fund and the Fund's..........
administrator SS&C Technologies, Inc. (the 
"Administrator") via e-mail at 
and 
respectively. Promptly 
thereafter, please return an original of the completed and executed subscription documents (including two 
original copies of the signature page to the Subscription Agreement and the Notarization 
Acknowledgement) to the Fund via courier to the address set forth below: 
ADW Capital Partners, L.P. 
c/o ADW Capital Management, LLC 
1133 Broadway Suite 719 
New York, NY 10010 
ATTN: Adam D. Wyden 
Telephone: 
Facsimile• 
8. 
Payment of Capital Contributions. Please deliver payment in the full amount of the Capital 
Contribution (as defined herein) in U.S. dollars by fed wire transfer of immediately available funds to the 
account of the Fund in accordance with wire instructions set forth below no later than one (1) business 
day prior to the requested Closing Date (as defined herein). 
JP MORGAN CHASE 
Chase Manhattan Bank - 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza New York, NY 
ABA # 
Account Name: Goldman Sachs Execution & Clearing, L.P. (GSEC) 
Account Number: 
For Further Credit to: ADW Capital Partners, L.P. 
Account Number: 
By the order of: 
[Subscriber Name] 
IMPORTANT: 
I. 
Please have your financial institution identify your name on the wire transfer. 
2. 
We recommend that your financial institution charge its wiring fees separately so that the 
amount you have elected to invest may be invested. 
3. 
Please call Adam D. Wyden at 
to confirm the date and the amount of the 
wire. 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
ii 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590502
--- PAGE 4 ---
You must wire the payment from an account in your name. If you are not wiring your payment 
from a financial institution located in an Approved Country,' you must contact the Fund for further 
instructions prior to wiring your payment which may result in a delay in your subscription. 
9. 
Questions. Questions concerning the subscription documents should be directed to Adam D. 
Wyden, at 
10. 
Additional Capital Contributions. 
Investors wishing to make an additional Capital 
Contribution to the Fund should do so by completing and executing the Additional Subscription Form 
attached to this Booklet as Exhibit F. A copy of a completed and executed Additional Subscription Form 
should be faxed to the Fund at the facsimile number provided above and the original mailed to the Fund at 
the address set forth above. 
I I. 
Requests for Withdrawals. An investor desiring to request a withdrawal of all or a portion of 
their capital account should do so by completing and executing the Request for Withdrawal Form 
attached to this Booklet as Exhibit G. A copy of the completed and executed Request for Withdrawal 
Form should be faxed to the Fund at the facsimile number provided above and the original mailed to the 
Fund at the address set forth above. Please note that withdrawals are subject to a number of significant 
restrictions and limitations. For more information, please see the Memorandum and the Partnership 
Agreement. 
Do not alter the Subscription Agreement. Any alteration to the form of the Subscription Agreement 
by you will be void and will not form a part of the Subscription Agreement. Your execution of the 
signature page to the Subscription Agreement will constitute your acceptance of and agreement to 
all terms and conditions set forth in the Subscription Agreement in the form presented to you, 
unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the General Partner. Please review any information 
provided in these documents on your behalf and correct any inaccuracies or mistakes. The General 
Partner reserves the right at any time to accept or reject all or any portion of any subscription in its 
sole discretion. 
As of the date hereof, the following countries are members of the Financial Action Task Force on Anti-Money Laundering (each, an 
"Approved Country"): Argentina. Australia. Austria. Belgium. Brazil. Canada. China. Denmark. Finland. France. Germany. Greece. Hong Kong. 
Iceland. India. Ireland. Italy. Japan. Luxembourg. Mexico. Kingdom of the Netherlands. New Zealand. Norway. Portugal. Republic of Korea. 
Russian Federation. Singapore. South Africa. Spain. Sweden. Switzerland. Turkey. United Kingdom. and the United States. For a current list of 
Approved Countries, please see www.fatf-ean.ore.
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
iii 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590503
--- PAGE 5 ---
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS, L.P. 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
THE OFFERING OF INTERESTS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN HAS NOT BFFN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR 
THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTIONS, PURSUANT TO ONE 
OR MORE EXEMPTIONS FROM REGISTRATION FOR TRANSACTIONS NOT 
INVOLVING A PUBLIC OFFERING. 
THE FUND ALSO WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE U.S. INVESTMENT 
COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED, PURSUANT TO AN EXCLUSION 
PROVIDED FROM THAT DEFINITION THEREUNDER. 
CONSEQUENTLY, 
INTERESTS WILL BE SOLD ONLY TO INVESTORS THAT MEET CERTAIN 
MINIMUM ELIGIBILITY QUALIFICATIONS, AS DESCRIBED HEREIN. 
THE 
INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES 
AUTHORITY OR ANY OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF 
THE FOREGOING PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE FUND 
DOCUMENTS OR THE OFFERING. 
ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE 
CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. THE GENERAL PARTNER IS SOLELY 
RESPONSIBLE FOR THE STATEMENTS AND DISCLOSURES SET FORTH IN 
THE FUND DOCUMENTS. 
THE PURCHASE OF AN INTEREST INVOLVES A SIGNFICANT DEGREE OF 
RISK AND IS AN APPROPRIATE INVESTMENT ONLY FOR PERSONS OF 
ADEQUATE MEANS THAT HAVE NO NEED FOR IMMEDIATE LIQUIDITY 
WITH RESPECT TO THEIR INVESTMENT IN THE FUND. A PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR SHOULD BE PREPARED TO BEAR THE ECONOMIC RISK OF AN 
INVESTMENT IN THE FUND FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME BECAUSE 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER APPLICABLE 
JURISDICTION, AND, THEREFORE, CANNOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED 
UNLESS THEY ARE SUBSEQUENTLY REGISTERED OR AN EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. THE FUND IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO 
REGISTER THE INTERESTS UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED, OR THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. TRANSFER OF 
THE INTERESTS IS RESTRICTED BY THE TERMS OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
AGREEMENT AND APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
iv 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590504
--- PAGE 6 ---
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS, L.P. 
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
ADW Capital Partners, L.P. 
do ADW Capital Management, LLC 
1133 Broadway Suite 719 
New York, NY 10010 
ATTN: Adam D. Wyden 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
The undersigned prospective investor (the "Investor") wishes to become a limited partner in 
ADW Capital Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Fund"), and acquire a limited 
partnership interest in the Fund (an "Interest") upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
this Subscription Agreement (this "Agreement'), the Confidential Memorandum of the Fund, as the same 
may be supplemented, modified or updated from time to time (the "Memorandum"), and the Amended 
and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Fund, as the same may be amended and/or restated 
from time to time (the "Partnership Agreement" and, together with this Agreement and the 
Memorandum, the "Fund Documents"). The general partner and investment manager of the Fund is 
ADW Capital Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "General Partner"). SS&C 
Technologies, Inc. serves as the Fund's administrator (the "Administrator") and provides various 
administrative and other services to the Fund. 
All references herein to "dollars" or "$" are to U.S. dollars. Capitalized terms used but not 
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Partnership Agreement. 
1. 
Capital Contribution. 
(a) 
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the 
Partnership Agreement, the Investor hereby agrees to become a limited partner in the Fund (a 
"Limited Partner") and, in connection therewith, irrevocably subscribes for and agrees to purchase 
an Interest in the amount set forth on the signature page hereto, or such lesser amount as the General 
Partner shall choose to accept pursuant to Section 2(a'  below (the "Capital Contribution"). The 
minimum initial Capital Contribution for a Limited Partner is $250,000; provided, however, a 
Capital Contribution of a lesser amount may be accepted by the General Partner in its discretion. 
(b) 
The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the execution and delivery 
of this Agreement by the Investor constitutes a binding and irrevocable offer to make the Capital 
Contribution and purchase an Interest as set forth herein and an agreement to hold such offer open 
until it is either accepted or rejected by the General Partner in its sole discretion. 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590505
--- PAGE 7 ---
(c) 
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the General Partner, the 
Investor shall be required to pay the full amount of the Capital Contribution in U.S. dollars via fed 
wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account of the Fund by no later than one (1) 
business day prior to the Closing Date (as defined below). 
2. 
Acceptance of Agreement. It is understood and agreed that this Agreement 
is made pursuant to and in accordance with the following terms and conditions: 
(a) 
The General Partner, on behalf of the Fund, shall have the right to 
accept or reject this Agreement and shall have the right to accept or reject all or any part of the Capital 
Contribution in its sole discretion, and this Agreement and the Capital Contribution shall be deemed to 
be accepted by the General Partner and the Fund only when the General Partner has executed the 
acceptance page to this Agreement and the Investor has been enrolled as a Limited Partner in the 
books and records of the Fund. If the General Partner chooses to accept only part of the Capital 
Contribution, then the General Partner shall be authorized to revise the amount indicated as the Capital 
Contribution on the signature page to this Agreement and shall notify the Investor in writing of such 
revision promptly after the applicable Closing Date (the amount as so revised shall thereafter be the 
Investor's Capital Contribution for all purposes hereof). If the General Partner rejects the Capital 
Contribution, in whole or in part, the Capital Contribution, or any portion thereof, as the case may be, 
will be returned to the Investor without interest thereon. 
(b) 
The Investor acknowledges and agrees that if the Capital Contribution 
is accepted, in whole or in part, by the General Partner, (i) the Investor will, with no further action 
required on its part, become a Limited Partner of the Fund and (ii) the Investor will be bound by, and 
shall otherwise comply with, all of the provisions, terms and obligations set forth in the Partnership 
Agreement, as if set out in full herein. 
3. 
Closing; Conditions to Closing. 
(a) 
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the closing (the "Closing") 
of the sale and purchase of an Interest and admission of the Investor as a Limited Partner shall take 
place on such dates and times selected by the General Partner in accordance with the Partnership 
Agreement (the "Closing Date"). 
(b) 
The Fund's and the General Partner's obligations hereunder are 
subject to acceptance by the General Partner of this Agreement and the Capital Contribution, and to 
the fulfillment of each of the following conditions: 
(1) 
The covenants, representations and warranties of, and any other 
information relating to or provided by, the Investor in this Agreement, the Investor Profile, a copy 
of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated by reference herein (the "Investor 
Profile"), the applicable Confidential Investor Questionnaires, the forms of which are attached 
hereto as Exhibit B and incorporated by reference herein (the "Questionnaire"), and the Anti-
Money Laundering Compliance Supplement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit D and 
incorporated by reference herein (the "AML Supplement"), shall be true, correct and complete in 
all respects on and as of the date set forth on the signature page to this Agreement and the 
respective Closing Date. Each of the tax forms that the Investor has delivered or will deliver to 
the Fund pursuant to the instructions set forth in "Subscription Procedures" are incorporated by 
reference herein (collectively, the "Tax Forms"), and the Investor represents, warrants and agrees 
that all of the statements, answers and information set forth in the Tax Forms are true and correct 
as of the date hereof. The Investor hereby agrees to notify the General Partner promptly in writing 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS, 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590506
--- PAGE 8 ---
should there be any change or inaccuracy in any representation, warranty or covenant made, or 
any other information provided by the Investor in, or in connection with, this Agreement, the 
Investor Profile, the Questionnaire, the Tax Forms or the AML Supplement. 
(2) 
All 
proceedings in connection with the transactions 
contemplated hereby and all documents and instruments incident to such transactions shall be 
satisfactory in substance and form to the General Partner, and the General Partner shall have 
received all such counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such documents as the 
General Partner may request. 
4. 
Representations, Warranties and Agreements of the Investor. 
The 
Investor hereby represents, warrants, agrees, certifies and covenants to and for the benefit of the Fund, 
the General Partner and each of their respective agents and affiliates (each, a "Fund Party" and 
collectively, the "Fund Parties"), as follows: 
(a) 
The Investor has received, carefully read and understands each of the 
Fund Documents. The Investor acknowledges that it has made an independent decision to subscribe for 
an Interest and that, in making its decision to subscribe for an Interest, the Investor has relied solely upon 
the Fund Documents and any independent investigations made by the Investor. The Investor has not 
relied on any information, representation or statement (written or oral) of the Fund Patties other than 
those expressly set forth in the Fund Documents and the Investor acknowledges that no Fund Party has 
made, or is making, a recommendation or providing investment advice to the Investor regarding an 
investment in the Fund. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the General Partner does not provide 
any investment advisory or other similar services to, or otherwise serve as investment adviser of, the 
Investor. To the extent the Investor has required or desired any advice in connection with the Offering or 
this Agreement or any assistance in understanding or evaluating an investment in the Fund, the Investor 
has engaged its own financial, legal, tax, accounting and other advisors, and has not expected or received 
any such advice or assistance from any Fund Party. The Investor and any independent advisors engaged 
by such Investor have conducted their own analysis and due diligence to the full extent they have deemed 
such action necessary and, based upon such independent analysis and due diligence and on the Fund 
Documents, the Investor has made its own independent determination to subscribe for an Interest and 
become a Limited Partner. 
(b) 
The Investor has been provided an opportunity to obtain additional 
information concerning the Offering, the Fund, the Interests and/or all other information to the extent the 
General Partner possesses or can acquire such information without unreasonable effort or expense, and 
has been given the opportunity to ask questions of, and receive answers from, the General Partner 
concerning the terms and conditions of the Offering, the Fund, the Interests and any other matters 
pertaining thereto. 
(c) 
The Investor has such knowledge and experience in financial and 
business matters such that the Investor is capable of evaluating the merits and risks associated with an 
investment in the Fund and is able to bear such risks, and has obtained, in the Investor's judgment, 
sufficient information from the General Partner to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the 
Fund. The Investor has evaluated the risks of an investment in the Fund, understands there are significant 
risks of loss incidental to the purchase of an Interest and has determined that an Interest is a suitable and 
appropriate investment for the Investor. 
(d) 
The Investor is aware of the limited provisions for transferability and 
withdrawal from the Fund. The Investor has carefully reviewed and considered and understands the 
provisions relating to transfers and withdrawals from the Fund as described in the Fund Documents. The 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590507
--- PAGE 9 ---
Investor has no need of liquidity with respect to its investment in the Fund, can afford a complete loss of 
its investment in the Fund and can afford to hold the investment for an indefinite period of time. 
(e) 
The Investor is subscribing for an Interest for its own account, for 
investment purposes only and not with a view toward distributing or reselling its Interest, whether in 
whole or in part. 
(f) 
The Investor acknowledges and agrees that it will be subject to the 
Management Fee, as such term is described in the Fund Documents. In addition, the Investor understands 
that an affiliate of the General Partner will be entitled to receive a Performance Allocation with respect to 
the Investor in accordance with the terms set forth in the Partnership Agreement and the Memorandum. 
The Investor represents and warrants to the Fund Parties that: (i) the Partnership Agreement constitutes an 
arm's-length contract between the Investor, the other Limited Partners and the General Partner; and (ii) 
the Investor fully understands the Performance Allocation and its risks, including the fact that the 
Performance Allocation may create an incentive for the General Partner, due to its relationship with its 
affiliate, to engage in more speculative investment activities than might be the case if only a Management 
Fee was charged. 
(g) 
The Investor understands that (i) past performance of the Fund, the 
General Partner or any of the principals is not necessarily indicative of the future performance or 
profitability of the Fund; (ii) no U.S. federal or state agency or authority has passed upon the Fund or the 
Interests or made any findings or determination as to the merits or fairness of an investment in the Fund; 
and (iii) the representations, warranties, covenants, undertakings and acknowledgements made by the 
Investor in, or in connection with, this Agreement, the Investor Profile, the Questionnaire, the AML 
Supplement and the Tax Forms will be relied upon by the Fund Parties and the Administrator in 
determining the Investor's eligibility as a purchaser of an Interest and the Fund Parties' compliance with 
applicable laws, and, if applicable, shall survive the Investor's admission as a Limited Partner. The 
representations, warranties and agreements made by the Investor in this Agreement, the Investor Profile, 
the Questionnaire, the AML Supplement and the Tax Forms are true, correct and complete in all respects 
as of the date set forth on the signature page to this Agreement and will continue to be true, correct and 
complete in all respects for as long as the Investor remains a Limited Partner. 
(h) 
The Investor has all requisite power, authority and capacity to acquire 
and hold an Interest, and to execute, deliver and comply with the terms and provisions of each of the 
documents and instruments required to be executed and delivered by the Investor in connection with the 
Investor's subscription for an Interest, including this Agreement, and such execution, delivery and 
compliance does not conflict with, or constitute a default under, any instruments governing the Investor, 
or violate any applicable law, regulation or order, or any agreement to which the Investor is a patty or by 
which the Investor is or may be bound. If the Investor is an entity or trust, the person executing and 
delivering this Agreement and any other documents or instruments on behalf of the Investor has all 
requisite power, authority and capacity to execute and deliver such documents and instruments, and, upon 
the General Partner's or the Administrator's request, will furnish to the General Partner or the 
Administrator true and correct copies of Investor's current governing documents or any other documents 
reasonably requested by the General Partner to establish such requisite power, authority and capacity. 
This Agreement constitutes and will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Investor, 
enforceable in accordance with its terms. If the Investor lives in a community property state in the United 
States, either (i) the source of the Investor's Capital Contribution will be the Investor's separate property 
and the Investor will hold the Interest as its separate property, or (ii) the Investor has the authority alone 
to bind the community property with respect to this Agreement, the Partnership Agreement and all 
agreements contemplated hereby and thereby. 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590508
--- PAGE 10 ---
All information that the Investor has provided to the Fund Parties and the 
Administrator concerning or relating to the Investor, the Investor's status, financial position and 
knowledge and experience in financial, tax and business matters, or, in the case of an Investor that is an 
entity, the knowledge and experience in financial, tax and business matters of the person making the 
investment decision on behalf of such entity, including, without limitation, the information provided by 
the Investor in the Investor Profile, is true, correct and complete in all respects on and as of the date set 
forth on the signature page to this Agreement and shall remain true, correct and complete during the term 
of the Investor's investment in the Fund. 
(j) 
The Investor understands that the value of a Limited Partner's Capital 
Account and distributions therefrom under the Partnership Agreement, and the performance of the Fund, 
may be based on unaudited and in some cases, estimated, valuations of the Fund's investments and that 
valuations provided in an Investor's Capital Account statement may be unaudited, estimated values. 
(k) 
The Investor understands that the Interests and their offer, sale and 
distribution have not been, and are not expected to be, registered or qualified under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the laws of any other applicable jurisdiction. The 
Investor is an "accredited investor," as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated 
under the Securities Act. The Investor has not been organized or reorganized for the specific purpose of 
acquiring an Interest or for otherwise investing in the Fund. The Investor recognizes that there is no 
established trading market for the Interests and it is extremely unlikely that any public market for the 
Interests will develop. The Investor understands and agrees that the Interests must be held indefinitely 
unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities Act and, where required, under the laws of 
other jurisdictions, or unless an exemption from registration is otherwise available. Even if such an 
exemption is available, the Investor understands and agrees that its Interest may not be offered, sold, 
pledged or otherwise transferred, encumbered or disposed of (collectively, a "Transfer"), without, among 
other things, the prior written consent of the General Partner, which may be given or withheld in its sole 
discretion. A transferee of Interests may be admitted to the Fund as a substitute Limited Partner only with 
the consent of the General Partner, which may be given or withheld in its sole discretion. The Investor 
shall not Transfer its Interest (in whole or in part) or any interest therein in contravention of the 
Partnership Agreement or applicable state, federal and/or foreign laws. 
(I) 
The Investor understands that the Fund is not and will not be registered 
as an "investment company" under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 
"Company Act"), pursuant to an exclusion provided from such definition by Section 3(c)(1) thereunder, 
nor will the Fund make any public offering of the Interests within or outside the United States. If the 
Investor is a participant-directed defined contribution plan (such as a 401(k) plan), partnership or other 
pooled investment vehicle, then, unless otherwise indicated in the Questionnaire, the Investor hereby 
represents that: (A) it has not been organized or reorganized (as such terms are interpreted under the 
Company Act) for the purpose of acquiring an Interest or for otherwise investing in the Fund; (B) its total 
investment in the Fund does not and will not constitute forty percent (40%) or more of the Investor's total 
assets (including committed capital); (C) each of its equity owners or participants participates in 
investments made by the Investor pro raw in accordance with its interest in the Investor and, accordingly, 
its beneficial owners or participants cannot opt-in or opt-out of investments made by the Investor; and (D) 
its beneficial or equity owners or participants did not and will not contribute additional capital (other than 
previously committed capital) for the purpose of purchasing an Interest. 
(m) 
If the Investor is (i) an "investment company" (as such term is defined in 
the Company Act) or (ii) would be an "investment company" but for the exclusions provided from such 
definition under Section 3(c)(I) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Company Act, then, except as otherwise 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590509
--- PAGE 11 ---
indicated in the Questionnaire, the Investor does not and will not own more than ten percent (10%) of the 
outstanding Interests. 
(n) 
The Investor is a "qualified client," as such term is defined in Rule 205-3 
under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act"'). If the Investor is a 
company2 that would be defined as an "investment company" under Section 3(a) of the Company Act but 
for the exclusion provided from that definition by Section 3(c)(1) of the Company Act, each equity owner 
of the Investor is also a qualified client. 
(o) 
The Investor acknowledges that the Fund may from time to time invest in 
"new issues," as such term is defined under the rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority 
("FINRA Rules"). In order for the General Partner to determine the extent to which the Investor is 
eligible to participate in profits and losses from such "new issues," the Investor must make certain 
representations and certifications to the Fund, as set forth in the Questionnaire. 
(p) 
The Investor acknowledges that it is not subscribing for an Interest as a 
result of or pursuant to: (i) any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any 
newspaper, magazine or similar media outlet (including any Internet site containing information about the 
Fund which is not password protected) or broadcast over television or radio, or (ii) any seminar or 
meeting whose attendees, including the Investor, had been invited as a result of, or pursuant to, any of the 
foregoing. 
(q) 
Except as expressly indicated on the Questionnaire, the Investor is a 
"U.S. Person," as such term is defined in (i) Rule 902(k) of Regulation S promulgated under the 
Securities Act, and (ii) Section 7701(a)(30) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"). 
(r) 
The purchase of an Interest and, if applicable, any future Transfer of an 
Interest, shall not be effected on or through (i) a United States national, regional or local securities 
exchange, (ii) a foreign securities exchange, or (iii) an interdealer quotation system that regularly 
disseminates firm buy or sell quotations by identified brokers or dealers. The Investor further represents 
that any acquisition, Transfer or other disposition of an Interest, as applicable, will not be made by, 
through or on behalf of (i) a person such as a broker or dealer, making a market in Interests, or (ii) a 
person who makes available to the public bid or offer quotes with respect to the Interests. 
(s) 
The Investor understands that (i) the General Partner is not currently 
registered as an investment adviser with either the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other 
state regulatory authority, (ii) the General Partner and its affiliates may in the future manage investments 
for clients other than the Fund (including other private investment funds purchasing the same or similar 
financial instruments or employing the same or similar investment strategies) and that the General Partner 
and its affiliates engage in other activities in addition to those on behalf of the Fund, (iii) the General 
Partner may effect transactions between clients, in accordance with the policies and procedures set forth 
in the Fund Documents, and (iv) the General Partner provides investment advice to the Fund and not to 
individual Limited Partners or prospective investors or the Investor, and no investment advisory or 
contractual or fiduciary or special relationship exists or will exist between the Investor and the General 
Partner. 
As used herein. the term -company- means a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company, limited partnership. an association, a 
joint-stock company. a mist, a fund, or any organized group of persons whether incorporated or not: or any receiver, trustee in a case under title 
I I of the United States Code or similar official or any liquidating agent for any of the foregoing, in his capacity as such. 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590510
--- PAGE 12 ---
(t) 
If the Investor is acting as agent, trustee, nominee, custodian, investment 
manager, administrator or otherwise (for such purpose, each an "Investor Representative") for a person 
(such person, the "Beneficial Holder"), the Investor Representative understands, acknowledges and 
agrees that the representations, warranties and covenants made herein are made by the Investor 
Representative (i) with respect to the Beneficial Holder, and (ii) except as the context otherwise requires, 
with respect to the Investor Representative. The Investor Representative represents and warrants that it 
has all requisite power and authority from the Beneficial Holder to execute and perform its obligations 
under the Fund Documents. The Investor Representative also agrees to indemnify the Fund Parties and 
the Administrator from and against any and all costs, fees, expenses and losses (including legal fees and 
disbursements) incurred by any such Fund Parties and/or the Administrator and resulting directly or 
indirectly from the Investor Representative's misrepresentation, misstatement or omission contained 
herein, or the assertion of the Investor Representative's lack of proper authorization from the Beneficial 
Holder to enter into this Agreement or perform the obligations hereof or related hereto. If the Investor is 
acting as Investor Representative for a Beneficial Holder, the Investor acknowledges that any reference to 
"Investor" herein shall be deemed, where applicable, to refer to both the Investor and the Beneficial 
Holder. 
(u) 
Except as otherwise disclosed to the Fund Parties in the Questionnaire, 
the Investor is not (i) an "employee benefit plan" as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), that is subject to the provisions of Title I of 
ERISA, (ii) an individual retirement account or annuity or other "plan" that is subject to the prohibited 
transaction provisions of Section 4975 of the Code or (iii) a fund of funds, an insurance company separate 
account or an insurance company general account or another entity or account (such as a group trust), in 
each case whose underlying assets are deemed under the Department of Labor's regulations promulgated 
under ERISA at 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the "Plan 
Assets Regulation"), to include "plan assets" of any "employee benefit plan" subject to ERISA or a 
"plan" subject to Section 4975 of the Code (each referred to as a "Benefit Plan Investor"). If the Investor 
indicates in the Questionnaire that it is not a Benefit Plan Investor, it represents, warrants and covenants 
that it shall not become a Benefit Plan Investor for so long as it holds an Interest. If the Investor is not 
currently a Benefit Plan Investor, but later becomes a Benefit Plan Investor while it is a Limited Partner, 
the Investor agrees to immediately notify the General Partner of such change in writing and include in the 
notification the maximum percentage of the Investor's equity interests that are held, or will be held, by 
Benefit Plan Investors. The Investor agrees to notify the General Partner promptly in writing if there is 
any change in the percentage of the Investor's assets that are treated as "plan assets" for purposes of the 
Plan Assets Regulation. 
(v) 
Except as otherwise disclosed to the Fund Parties in the Questionnaire, 
the Investor is not a "governmental plan" within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA or Section 
414(d) of the Code (a "Governmental Plan Investor"). If the Investor is a Governmental Plan Investor, it 
acknowledges that federal, state or local laws or regulations governing the investment and management of 
the assets of such governmental plan may contain fiduciary and/or prohibited transaction requirements 
similar to those under ERISA and the Code and may include other limitations on permissible investments. 
(w) 
If the Investor is (i) a Benefit Plan Investor, (ii) a Governmental Plan 
Investor, or (iii) other retirement plan or arrangement (collectively, "Plans" or "Plan"), the Investor 
hereby makes the following representations, warranties and covenants: 
(1) 
The Plan's decision to subscribe for an Interest was made by 
duly authorized fiduciaries in accordance with the Plan's governing documents, which fiduciaries 
are independent of the Fund Parties. No advice or recommendations of the Fund Parties was 
relied upon by such fiduciaries in deciding to subscribe for an Interest. Such fiduciaries of the 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590511
--- PAGE 13 ---
Plan have considered any fiduciary duties or other obligations arising under ERISA, Section 4975 
of the Code and any other non-U.S., federal, state or local law substantially similar to ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code ("Similar Law"), including any regulations, rules and procedures issued 
thereunder and related judicial interpretations, in determining to subscribe for an Interest, and 
such fiduciaries have determined that an investment in the Fund is consistent with such fiduciary 
duties and other obligations. 
(2) 
No discretionary authority or control was exercised by the Fund 
Patties in connection with the subscription for an Interest by the Plan. No individualized 
investment advice was provided to the Plan by the Fund Parties based upon the Plan's investment 
policies or strategies, overall portfolio composition or diversification with respect to its 
subscription for an Interest. 
(3) 
None of the Fund Parties or any of their Affiliates shall act as a 
fiduciary to the Plan under ERISA, the Code or any Similar Law with respect to the Investor's 
subscription for an Interest or the management or operation of the Fund. 
(4) 
Assuming that the assets of the Fund are not "plan assets" within 
the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA, the acquisition and holding of an Interest by the Investor 
and the activities of the Fund Patties will not cause any non-exempt "prohibited transactions" 
within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or result in a violation 
of any Similar Law. 
(x) 
If the Investor is a Benefit Plan Investor or a Plan, it acknowledges that 
no purchase of an Interest by or proposed Transfer of an Interest to a person that has represented that it is 
a Benefit Plan Investor shall be permitted to the extent that such purchase or Transfer would result in 
Benefit Plan Investors owning twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the value of any class of Interests 
immediately after such purchase or proposed Transfer (excluding any Interests of the General Partner and 
its affiliates). In addition, the Investor acknowledges that the General Partner may require a Benefit Plan 
Investor to withdraw all or a portion of its Interest to the extent it deems necessary to comply with the 
twenty-five percent (25%) limitation. The Investor further acknowledges that, notwithstanding the 
reasonable efforts of the General Partner, no assurance can be made that the Fund will satisfy the twenty-
five percent (25%) limitation, or any other exception such that the underlying assets of the Fund are not 
deemed to include "plan assets" for purposes of the Plan Assets Regulation. 
(y) 
If the Investor is an insurance company and is investing the assets of its 
general account (or the assets of a wholly-owned subsidiary of its general account) in the Fund, it has 
identified in Section I of the Questionnaire whether the assets underlying the general account constitute 
"plan assets" within the meaning of Section 401(c) of ERISA. The Investor agrees to promptly notify the 
General Partner if there is a change in the percentage of the general account's assets that constitute "plan 
assets" and include the new percentage in the notice. 
(z) 
If the Investor is a "charitable remainder trust" within the meaning of 
Section 664 of the Code, the Investor has advised the General Partner in writing of such fact and the 
Investor acknowledges that it understands the risks, including specifically the tax risks, if any, associated 
with its investment in the Fund. 
(aa) 
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Fund Parties and the 
Administrator may present this Agreement, the Investor Profile, the Questionnaire, the AML Supplement, 
the Tax Forms and any information provided in such documents and any other information and 
documents provided by the Investor to such parties (e.g., affiliates, attorneys, auditors, administrators, 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590512
--- PAGE 14 ---
brokers and regulators) as they deem necessary or advisable to facilitate the acceptance of the Capital 
Contribution and management of the Fund, including, but not limited to, in connection with applicable 
anti-money laundering and similar laws, if called upon to establish the availability under applicable law of 
an exemption from registration of the Interests, compliance with applicable law or regulations and any 
relevant exemptions relied upon by the Fund Parties or their respective affiliates or any agent of such 
persons (including the Administrator) or if the contents of such documents are relevant to any issue in any 
action, suit or proceeding to which any of the Fund Parties or the Administrator are a party or by which 
they are bound or if the information is required to facilitate the Fund's investments. The Fund Parties and 
the Administrator (and any agent of such parties) may also release information about the Investor if 
directed to do so by the Investor, if compelled to do so by law or in connection with any government or 
self-regulatory organization request or investigation. The Investor acknowledges receipt of the Privacy 
Notice of the General Partner, a copy of which is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit E. 
(bb) 
The Investor hereby agrees to (i) provide any form, certification or other 
document and/or information reasonably requested by and acceptable to the General Partner that is 
necessary for the Fund (A) to prevent withholding or qualify for a reduced rate of withholding or backup 
withholding in any jurisdiction from or through which the Fund receives payments or (B) to satisfy 
reporting or other obligations under the Code and the United States Treasury Regulations; (ii) update or 
replace such form, certification or other document and/or information in accordance with its terms or 
subsequent amendments; and (iii) otherwise comply with any reporting obligations imposed by the United 
States or any other jurisdiction, including reporting obligations that may be imposed by future legislation. 
The Investor agrees that if, and to the extent that, the Fund is required to make any payment, withholding 
or deduction as a consequence of the Investor failing to comply in a timely manner with the 
requirement(s) set forth in the preceding sentence, the Fund shall be entitled to, at the discretion of the 
General Partner, specially allocate such expense to the Investor's Capital Account, or require the 
withdrawal of all or any portion of such Investor's Interest. In addition, the General Partner shall at any 
time and from time to time be entitled to determine that the Fund shall not make payment of all or a 
portion of the withdrawal proceeds payable in respect of such required withdrawal to the Investor if the 
Fund is required under the laws of the United States or as a consequence of any arrangement between the 
Fund and the United States Treasury Department or similar government division or department to 
withhold any payments as a consequence of the Investor failing to comply in a timely manner with the 
requirements set forth in this Section 4(bb). The Investor acknowledges and agrees that, in the event that 
the Fund is required to pay federal, state, local or other taxes with respect to the Investor, the Fund will 
deduct the amounts so paid from its Capital Account promptly following such payment. If the balance in 
the Investor's Capital Account is insufficient to reimburse the Fund for such federal, state, local or other 
taxes, the Investor is required to reimburse the Fund for any such excess within a reasonable time after a 
request therefor by the Fund. 
(cc) 
There can be no assurance that the General Partner will be able to 
resolve any conflict in a manner that is favorable to the Fund or the Limited Partners. By executing 
this Agreement and subscribing for an Interest, the Investor acknowledges and represents that it 
has carefully reviewed and considered the conflicts of interest and other risks set forth in this 
Agreement and the other Fund Documents, and understands and consents to the existence of actual 
or potential conflicts of interest relating to the General Partner, the Fund and their respective 
affiliates including, without limitation, those conflicts described in this Agreement and the 
Memorandum, and to the operation of the Fund subject to such conflicts, subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590513
--- PAGE 15 ---
5. 
Power of Attorney. 
(a) 
By executing this Agreement, the Investor hereby grants a power of 
attorney to the General Partner, making, constituting and appointing the General Partner as the 
Investor's attorney-in-fact, with power and authority to act in the Investor's name and on the 
Investor's behalf to execute, acknowledge and swear to the execution, acknowledgment and filing of 
the following documents relating to the Fund: 
(1) 
the Partnership Agreement, substantially in the form provided 
to the Investor, with such changes as are not materially adverse to the Investor; 
(2) 
any other instrument or document that may be required to be 
filed by the Fund under the laws of any state or by any governmental agency, or that the 
General Partner deems advisable to file; and 
(3) 
any instrument or document that may be required to effect the 
continuation of the Fund, the admission of an additional or substituted Limited Partner, or the 
dissolution and termination of the Fund (provided such continuation, admission or dissolution 
and termination are in accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement), or to reflect 
any reductions in amount of contributions of Limited Partners. 
(b) 
The power of attorney being granted by the Investor in this Section 5: 
(1) 
is a special power of attorney coupled with an interest, is 
irrevocable and shall survive the death or legal incapacity of the Investor; 
(2) 
may be exercised by the General Partner signing individually 
for the Investor or for all of the Limited Partners in executing any particular instrument; and 
(3) 
shall survive a Transfer by the Investor of its Interest except 
that, where the assignee of an entire Interest owned by a Limited Partner has been approved by 
the General Partner for admission to the Fund as a substituted Limited Partner, the special 
power of attorney shall survive such Transfer for the sole purpose of enabling the General 
Partner to execute, acknowledge and file any instrument or document necessary to effect such 
substitution. 
(c) 
In the event of any conflict between the Partnership Agreement and 
any document filed pursuant to this power of attorney, the Partnership Agreement shall control. 
(d) 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants that the power of 
attorney granted by the Investor pursuant to this Section 5 has been executed by or for the benefit of 
the Investor in compliance with the laws of the state or jurisdiction in which this Agreement was 
executed and to which the Investor is subject. 
(e) 
The exercise of this power of attorney shall be subject to the General 
Partner's responsibility to obtain the approval of the Limited Partners on such matters as required by 
the Partnership Agreement or by applicable law. 
(0 
To the extent that the power of attorney granted or purported to be 
granted by the Investor to the General Partner herein is or is otherwise deemed to be unenforceable or 
inapplicable with respect to the Investor, then the Investor shall do and perform, or cause to be done 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590514
--- PAGE 16 ---
and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver to the General Partner all 
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the General Partner may reasonably 
request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, the Fund 
Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, but 
not limited to, executing a counterpart signature page to the Partnership Agreement. 
6. 
Indemnification. The Investor acknowledges that it understands the meaning 
and legal consequences of the representations, warranties, agreements, certifications and covenants 
made by it in this Agreement, the Questionnaire, the AML Supplement and the Tax Forms, and the 
Investor covenants and agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to indemnify and hold 
harmless each of the Fund Parties, the Administrator, each of the Limited Partners and each of their 
respective directors, members, managers, partners, employees, shareholders, officers, agents and 
affiliates (each, an "Indemnified Party" and collectively, the "Indemnified Parties"), from and against 
any and all losses, damages, costs, expenses or liabilities (including all expenses incurred in 
investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever and attorneys' fees) arising out of, 
based upon, or relating in any way to (a) any false representation, warranty or certification made by the 
Investor, or a breach or failure by the Investor to comply with any covenant, certification or agreement 
made by the Investor, in this Agreement, the Questionnaire, the AML Supplement, the Tax Forms or 
in any other document furnished by the Investor to any of the Fund Parties or the Administrator in 
connection with the subscription for an Interest and any other transaction contemplated in this 
Agreement and (b) any action for securities law violations instituted by the Investor and/or its affiliates 
which is finally resolved against the Investor and/or its affiliates. The Investor also agrees, to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnified Parties 
from and against any and all losses, damages or liabilities due to or arising out of any action, suit, 
claim, proceeding, arbitration, governmental inquiry, or investigation pending or threatened at law or 
in equity before or by any instrumentality, domestic or foreign, that results in the invalidation of, or 
prevents in any material respect the consummation of, the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement (except where any such loss, damage or liability arises as a result of the gross negligence, 
willful misconduct or material breach of applicable law, rule or regulation by the Indemnified Parties 
(other than the Investor)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Agreement 
shall relieve (nor is intended to relieve) an Indemnified Party of any liability to the extent (and 
only to the extent) such liability may not be waived, modified or limited under applicable law 
(including liability under certain U.S. and other securities laws which, under certain 
circumstances, may impose liability even on persons acting in good faith). 
7. 
Anti-Money Laundering Representations. The Investor hereby represents 
and warrants to each of the Fund Parties and the Administrator, and hereby agrees, as follows: 
The Investor should check the website of the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets 
Control ("OFAC") at httpdAvww.treas.eov/officesienforcernentIofaci (the "OFAC Website") before 
making the following representations and agreements. 
(a) 
The Investor acknowledges that the General Partner prohibits 
investments in the Fund by or on behalf of the following persons or entities (each, a "Prohibited 
Investor") and represents that neither it, nor any person controlling or controlled by it, nor any of its 
beneficial owners, is a Prohibited Investor: 
(1) 
A country, territory, individual or entity whose name appears on 
the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC, which is 
available through the OFAC Website; 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590515
--- PAGE 17 ---
(2) 
An individual who resides in or is a citizen of, or an entity that 
maintains a place of business in, or any person whose funds are transferred from or through a 
country whose name appears in the list of Sanctioned Countries maintained by OFAC, which is 
available through the OFAC Website; and 
(3) 
A "Foreign Shell Bank" as defined in the U.S. Uniting and 
Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct 
Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of 2001, as amended, which generally means a non-U.S. bank 
that does not conduct banking operations at a physical location. 
(b) 
The Capital Contribution was not, is not, and will not be directly or 
indirectly derived from, or related to, any activities that contravene applicable laws and regulations, 
including anti-money laundering laws and regulations. 
(c) 
The Investor shall promptly on demand provide any information and 
execute and deliver any documents as the General Partner or the Administrator may request to verify the 
identity and source of funds of the Investor in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements relating to anti-money laundering. 
(d) 
The Investor acknowledges that United States federal regulations and 
executive orders administered by OFAC prohibit, among other things, the engagement in transactions 
with, and the provision of services to, certain foreign countries, territories, entities and individuals 
identified on the OFAC Website.3
(e) 
In addition, the programs administered by OFAC ("OFAC Programs") 
prohibit dealing with individuals or entities in certain countries regardless of whether such individuals or 
entities appear on the OFAC lists. The Investor represents and warrants that, to the best of its knowledge 
and belief, none of (i) the Investor; (ii) any person controlling or controlled by the Investor; (iii) if the 
Investor is a privately held entity, any person having beneficial ownership of the Investor; or (iv) any 
person for whom the Investor is acting as agent or nominee in connection with this subscription 
(collectively, the "Investor Parties") is a country, territory, individual or entity named on an OFAC list, 
and none of the Investor Parties is a person or entity prohibited under the OFAC Programs. 
(f) 
To the best of the Investor's knowledge and belief, none of the Investor 
Parties is a senior foreign political figure4 or any immediate family members or close associate6 of a 
senior foreign political figure. 
(g) 
If the Investor is a non-U.S. banking institution (a "Non-U.S. Bank"), or 
if the Investor receives deposits from, makes payments on behalf of, or handles other financial 
transactions related to a Non-U.S. Bank: 
These individuals include specially designated nationals, specially designated narcotics traffickers and other parties subject to OFAC 
sanctions and embargo programs. 
A "senior foreign political figure" is defined as a senior official in the executive. legislative, administrative, military or judicial branches of a 
non-U.S. government (whether or not elected). a senior official of a major non-U.S. political party. or a senior executive of a non-U.S. 
government-owned corporation. In addition, a "senior foreign political figure" includes any corporation. business or other entity that has been 
formed by. or for the benefit of. a senior foreign political figure. 
$ 
"Immediate family" of a senior foreign political figure typically includes the figure's parents. siblings, spouse. children and in-laws. 
A "close associate" of a senior foreign political figure is a person who is widely and publicly known to maintain an unusually close 
relationship with the senior foreign political figure. and includes a person who is in a position to conduct substantial U.S. and non-U.S. financial 
transactions on behalf of the senior foreign political figure. 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590516
--- PAGE 18 ---
(1) 
the Non-U.S. Bank has a fixed address, other than solely an 
electronic address, in a country in which the Non-U.S. Bank is authorized to conduct banking 
activities; 
(2) 
the Non-U.S. Bank employs one or more individuals on a full-
(3) 
the Non-U.S. Bank maintains operating records related to its 
(4) 
the Non-U.S. Bank is subject to inspection by the banking 
authority that licensed the Non-U.S. Bank to conduct banking activities; and 
banking activities; 
time basis; 
(5) 
the Non-U.S. Bank does not provide banking services to any 
other Non-U.S. Bank that does not have a physical presence in any country and that is not a 
regulated affiliate. 
(h) 
The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Fund Parties or the 
Administrator may be obligated under applicable law to "freeze the account" of the Investor by 
prohibiting additional Capital Contributions by the Investor, suspending the Investor's withdrawal 
requests or the payment of withdrawal or distribution proceeds to the Investor, or otherwise segregating 
the assets in the Investor's Capital Account, and the Fund Parties or the Administrator may be required to 
report such action and/or disclose the Investor's identity to OFAC or other governmental or regulatory 
authorities. 
(i) 
If it is an entity, the Investor has carried out reasonable and appropriate 
investor identification procedures with regard to all persons having beneficial ownership of the Investor, 
and such procedures are sufficient to give the Investor a reasonable basis to believe that the 
representations and warranties in this Section 7 are accurate and complete in all respects. 
8. 
Confidentiality. The Investor acknowledges that it will receive or otherwise 
have access to confidential, proprietary information concerning or relating to the Fund Parties and their 
respective affiliates, including, without limitation (a) the Fund Documents; (b) portfolio positions, 
valuations, information regarding potential and actual investments and companies, financial 
information, trade secrets, offering documents, due diligence questionnaires; and (c) any other 
information or documents provided to the Investor in connection with its subscription for an Interest 
and its investment or potential investment in the Fund (collectively, the "Confidential Information"). 
The Investor agrees that it shall not disclose or cause to be disclosed any Confidential Information to 
any person or use the Confidential Information for its own purposes or its own account, except in 
connection with evaluating an investment or continued investment in the Fund and the purchase of an 
Interest (and, in connection with the purchase of an Interest, may only disclose the Confidential 
Information to officers, employees, agents, affiliates or advisors of the Investor that (a) have a need to 
know the Confidential Information solely for purposes of assisting the Investor in evaluating its 
investment in the Fund and (b) are obligated to keep such information confidential) and except as 
otherwise required by any regulatory authority, law or regulation, by legal process or as otherwise 
authorized by the General Partner or the Fund Documents. The Investor represents and warrants that, 
except as disclosed to the General Partner in writing, it is not subject to any law, governmental rule, 
regulation or legal process in any jurisdiction (including, without limitation, lawsuits, subpoenas 
administrative proceedings or the U.S. Freedom of Information Act, or any comparable laws or 
regulations of any U.S. or non-U.S. jurisdiction) requiring the Investor to disclose (on receipt of a 
request to do so or otherwise) any information relating to the Fund or the Investor's investment in the 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590517
--- PAGE 19 ---
Fund. The Investor has not reproduced, duplicated or delivered any of the Fund Documents to any 
third party, except professional advisors of the Investor or as authorized herein or as otherwise 
authorized in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investor (and each employee, representative 
or other agent of the Investor) may disclose to any and all persons without limitation of any kind, the 
tax treatment and tax structure of (a) the Fund and (b) any of its transactions, and all materials of any 
kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to the Investor relating to such tax 
treatment and tax structure. 
9. 
Assignment: Transferability: Amendment. Neither this Agreement nor any 
interest herein may be directly or indirectly transferred or assigned, in whole or in part, by any party 
hereto without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto. The Investor further agrees that 
any direct or indirect Transfer of the Interests acquired pursuant hereto shall be made only in 
accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement. This Agreement may be amended or 
modified only by an instrument in writing signed by the Investor and the General Partner. No 
addition, deletion or other modification marked in the body of this Agreement shall be effective or 
binding upon the Fund Parties unless it is specifically accepted and agreed to by the General Partner as 
evidenced by the initials of an authorized signatory of the General Partner. 
10. 
Notices. All notices, demands or requests required or permitted under the 
Fund Documents shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon personal delivery or 
upon deposit in any United States mail box, postage prepaid, deposit with an overnight courier, or 
transmission by e- mail: (a) if to the Investor to the address or e-mail address set forth in the Investor 
Profile; and (b) if to the Fund Parties, c/o ADW Capital Management LLC at 1133 Broadway Suite 
719, New York, NY 10010, ATTN: Adam D. Wyden, Facsimile: 
or at such other 
address as the Fund may designate by written notice to the Investor. 
ll. 
Electronic Delivery of Account Information. 
The Investor agrees and 
provides the Investor's consent and authorization to have the Fund Parties, the Administrator and their 
respective affiliates and agents electronically deliver Account Communications. As used in this 
Agreement, "Account Communications" means all current and future Capital Account statements; the 
Fund Documents (including any and all amendments or supplements to such Fund Documents); 
notices, including privacy notices; letters to Limited Partners; annual audited financial statements; 
regulatory communications and other information, documents, data and records regarding the 
Investor's investment in the Fund. Electronic delivery by the Fund Parties and their respective 
affiliates and agents includes e-mail delivery as well as electronically making such information 
available to the Investor on the General Partner's website, if any. It is the Investor's affirmative 
obligation to notify the General Partner and the Administrator promptly in writing if the Investor's e-
mail address listed in the Investor Profile changes at any time. The Investor may elect to revoke or 
restrict its consent to electronic delivery of Account Communications at any time by notifying the 
General Partner and the Administrator in writing. The Fund Parties, the Administrator and their 
respective affiliates and agents shall not be liable for any interception of Account Communications. 
12. 
Reports; Additional Information; Updates. 
(a) 
The Fund Parties may provide the Investor and other Limited Partners 
with information relating to the Fund in addition to the information that is required to be delivered 
pursuant to the Fund Documents or applicable law, including, without limitation, performance 
information and/or other reports ("Additional Information"). Additional Information is provided by the 
Fund Parties in their sole discretion, and the Fund Parties may cease to provide such Additional 
Information at any time without prior notice. Although the Fund Parties will act in good faith in preparing 
Additional Information, any Additional Information that is provided to the Investor (i) may be based on 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590518
--- PAGE 20 ---
estimated data that will not reflect reconciliation with records of the Fund's custodian and/or the 
Administrator, as applicable and (ii) may not reflect the accrual of certain expenses and liabilities of the 
Fund, including, without limitation, fees payable by the Fund. Accordingly, any valuations or returns 
provided in any Additional Information may be preliminary, estimated and unaudited, and will be subject 
to high levels of uncertainty. Actual returns may vary significantly from such estimated returns and such 
estimated returns should not be construed as providing any assurance or guarantee as to actual returns. 
(b) 
Promptly upon the request, the Investor agrees to provide the Fund 
Parties and the Administrator with such additional information and documents as may be reasonably 
requested by any of the Fund Parties. The Investor further agrees to notify the General Partner promptly 
in writing should any of the representations, warranties and covenants made herein or in the 
Questionnaire, the AML Supplement or the Tax Forms (or in documents submitted in connection with the 
AML Supplement) become inaccurate in any respect at any time or if there should be any change in the 
information and documents provided by the Investor to any of the Fund Parties or the Administrator. 
13. 
Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one 
agreement. 
14. 
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable 
under applicable law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict 
therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such applicable law. Any provision hereof 
which may be held invalid or unenforceable under any applicable law shall not affect the validity or 
enforceability of any other provisions hereof, and to this extent the provisions hereof shall be 
severable. 
15. 
Legal Representation. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that Haynes 
and Boone LLP acts as counsel to certain of the Fund Parties in connection with the Offering of 
Interests. The Investor also understands that, in connection with the Offering of Interests and 
subsequent advice to the Fund Parties, Haynes and Boone, LLP will not be representing the Investor or 
any other Limited Partner, and no independent counsel has been or will be retained by any of the Fund 
Parties to represent the interests of the Investor, any Limited Partner or the Limited Partners. 
16. 
Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Partnership Agreement (and any 
applicable side letter) constitute the entire arrangement and understanding between the Fund and the 
Investor regarding the subject matter thereof and supersede any prior or contemporaneous agreements, 
arrangements and understandings, written or oral, between the parties regarding the same. In the event 
of a conflict between any terms and provisions of this Agreement and any terms and provisions of the 
Partnership Agreement, the Partnership Agreement shall control. 
17. 
Binding Effect: Survival. This Agreement shall: (a) be binding upon the 
Investor and its heirs, estates, executors, administrators, and other personnel and/or legal 
representatives, successors and permitted assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the Fund Parties and 
their successors and assigns; (b) survive the acceptance of the Investor as a Limited Partner, if 
applicable; and (c) if the Investor consists of more than one person, be the joint and several obligation 
of each such person and each such person's heirs, legal representatives, successors and permitted 
assigns. 
18. 
Governing Law; Jurisdiction. 
This Agreement shall be governed and 
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflicts of law 
principles thereof. The Investor hereby irrevocably agrees that any suit, action or proceeding with respect 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590519
--- PAGE 21 ---
to this Agreement or the Fund and any or all transactions relating to this Agreement and the Fund must be 
brought exclusively in the federal or state courts in New York. The Investor hereby irrevocably submits to 
the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in New York with respect to any such suit, action or 
proceeding and agrees and consents that service of process as provided by Delaware law may be made 
upon the Investor in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any of said courts, and may not claim 
that any such suit, action or proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. The Investor further 
irrevocably consents to the service of process out of any of the aforesaid courts, in any such suit, action or 
proceeding, by the mailing of copies of such documents, by certified or registered mail, return receipt 
requested, addressed to the Investor at the current address of the Investor then appearing on the records of 
the Fund. 
19. 
Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY 
AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY TO THE EXTENT 
PERMITTED BY LAW IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR 
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT AND ANY AND 
ALL TRANSACTIONS RELATING THERETO. THIS WAIVER APPLIES TO ANY LEGAL 
ACTION OR PROCEEDING, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR 
OTHERWISE. THE INVESTOR ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS RECEIVED THE ADVICE 
OF COMPETENT COUNSEL. 
(Signature Page Follows] 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS. L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590520
--- PAGE 22 ---
SIGNATURE PAGE TO SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
By executing below, and intending to be legally bound, the Investor has duly executed this 
Agreement (including the Questionnaire and AML Supplement) and understands and agrees to be bound 
by all of its provisions. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Investor has executed and unconditionally delivered this 
Agreement on the date set forth below with effect from the date set forth by the General Partner on the 
Acceptance Page to this Agreement (as applicable). 
Date: 
, 20 
INDIVIDUALS 
ENTITIES 
Signature 
Print Name of Entity 
By: 
Print Name 
Authorized Signatory 
Additional Investor Signature 
Print Name 
Print Name 
Print Title 
By: 
Additional Authorized Signatory 
Print Name 
Print Title 
Requested Capital Contribution: $ 
Requested Closing Date: 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
EFTA00590521
--- PAGE 23 ---
SIGNATURE PAGE TO PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
By its signature below, the undersigned hereby agrees that effective as of the date of its admission 
to ADW Capital Partners, L.P. (the "Fund") as a limited partner of the Fund, it shall (i) be bound by each 
and every term and provision of the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the 
Fund, as the same may be amended from time to time (the "Partnership Agreement"), and (ii) become 
and be a party to said Partnership Agreement. 
INDIVIDUALS 
ENTITIES 
Signature 
Print Name of Entity 
By:  
Print Name 
Authorized Signatory 
Additional Investor Signature 
Print Name 
Print Name 
Print Title 
By: 
Additional Authorized Signatory 
Print Name 
Print Name 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
EFTA00590522
--- PAGE 24 ---
NOTARIZATION ACKNOWLEDGMENT 
STATE OF 
) 
COUNTY OF  
) 
On this  
day of  
before me personally 
appeared  
 to me known and known to me to be the individual who 
executed the foregoing signature page to the Partnership Agreement in the capacity therein indicated, who 
acknowledged that he or she, being authorized to do so, executed the foregoing instrument for the 
purposes therein contained and in the capacity therein indicated as his or her own free act and deed. 
Notary Public 
My Commission Expires: 
NOTARIZATION ACKNOWLEDGMENT 
EFTA00590523
--- PAGE 25 ---
FOR INTERNAL USE ONLY 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS, L.P. 
ACCEPTANCE PAGE 
TO 
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
INVESTOR NAME: 
By its execution and delivery of this Acceptance Page to the Subscription Agreement, ADW 
Capital Management, LLC, the general partner of ADW Capital Partners, L.P., hereby accepts the 
foregoing subscription on behalf of ADW Capital Partners, L.P. either K IN FULL or K for 
 and by such acceptance admits the Investor as a Limited 
Partner, and binds itself and the Investor to the terms of the Partnership Agreement and the Subscription 
Agreement. 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS, L.P. 
By: 
ADW Capital Management, LLC 
its general partner 
By: 
Name: Adam D. Wyden 
Title: 
Manager 
Date: 
. 10 
ACCEPTANCE PAGE TO SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
EFTA00590524
--- PAGE 26 ---
EXHIBIT A 
ADW CAPITAL PARTNERS, L.P. 
INVESTOR PROFILE 
INVESTOR NAME: 
CAPITAL CONTRIBUTION: 
• 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS 
Date of Birth: 
Nationality: 
Place of Birth: 
Occupation: 
Residential Address: 
Social Security Number: 
• 
ENTITY INVESTORS 
Registered Office Address: 
Principal Place of Business: 
U.S. Tax Identification Number: 
Approximate number of beneficial or equity owners: 
Date of Formation: 
Jurisdiction of Formation: 
Name and Title of Authorized Person Completing the Questionnaire: 
• 
PRIMARY CONTACT 
Mailing Address: 
Attention: 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
E-mail: 
INVESTOR PROFILE 
EFTA00590525
--- PAGE 27 ---
Preferred method of communication: 
❑E-mail 
❑Fax 
❑Regular Mail 
K 
If the Primary Contact is to be the only recipient of all notices and reports, please check the box at 
the left and do not repeat the contact information in response to the various questions below. 
• 
SECONDARY CONTACT 
Please list additional individual(s) who should receive copies of all notices and reports: 
I. Mailing Address: 
 Attention: 
 Telephone: 
 Facsimile: 
 E-mail: 
Preferred method of communication: 
❑E-mail 
❑Fax 
❑Regular Mail 
2. Mailing Address: 
 Attention: 
 Telephone: 
 Facsimile: 
 E-mail: 
Preferred method of communication: 
❑E-mail 
❑Fax 
❑Regular Mail 
(Please use additional sheet, if necessary) 
• 
CATEGORY OF INVESTOR (Please select only one) 
K Individual U.S. Person (including 
his/her trusts) 
K Individual Non-U.S. Person 
(including his/her trusts) 
K Broker-Dealer 
K Insurance Company 
K Investment Company Registered 
with the SEC 
K Non-Profit Organization 
K Pension Plan (excluding 
governmental pension plans) 
K Banking or Thrift Institution 
(proprietary) 
K State or Municipal 
Governmental Entity (excluding 
governmental pension plans) 
K State or Municipal 
Governmental Pension Plan 
E
l
Sovereign Wealth Fund or 
Foreign Official Institution 
K Other Non-U.S. Person (please 
explain) 
K Other (please explain) 
INVESTOR PROFILE 
EFTA00590526
--- PAGE 28 ---
K Private Fund' (excluding a Fund of 
K Fund of Funds' 
Funds) 
• 
BANK INFORMATION 
Please provide the following information with respect to the bank or other financial institution from 
which the Investor's Capital Contributions, withdrawals and distributions will be wired or drawn. Please 
note that any amounts paid to the Investor in connection with withdrawals and distributions will be paid 
to the same account from which its Capital Contributions were originally remitted, unless the General 
Partner agrees otherwise. Payments from third parties generally are not accepted. 
Name of Banking Institution: 
Address: 
Telephone Number: 
ABA Fedwire: 
For the Account of: 
Account Number: 
• 
AUTHORIZED SIGNATORIES 
Set forth below are the names and signatures of the persons authorized by the Investor to give and receive 
instructions with respect to any withdrawal by or distribution to the Investor from the Fund. Such persons 
are the only persons authorized until further written notice to the General Partner signed by one or more 
of such persons: (Please attach additional pages if needed) 
Names 
Sample Signatures 
A "Private Fund" is any issuer that would be an investment company as defined in Section 3 of the Company Act, but for 
Section 3(c)(I) or 3(c)(7) of the Company Act. 
A "Fund of Funds" is a pooled investment vehicle that invests ten percent (10%) or more of its total assets in other pooled 
investment vehicles, whether or not such pooled investment vehicles are Private Funds, or registered investment companies. 
INVESTOR PROFILE 
EFTA00590527
--- PAGE 29 ---
EFTA00590528
--- PAGE 30 ---
EXHIBIT B 
CONFIDENTIAL INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE 
In order to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, it is necessary to obtain 
certain representations and information regarding the eligibility and status of each prospective investor in 
the Fund. The following three (3) forms of Confidential Investor Questionnaire (collectively, the 
"Questionnaire") are attached to this Exhibit B. Please complete only the form(s) of Questionnaire(s) 
that is applicable to the Investor. 
( I) 
Questionnaire for Individuals (attached as Exhibit B-1). The Questionnaire for 
Individuals must be completed by any subscriber that is a natural person (Le., an 
individual). In the event a subscriber consists of more than one natural person (other than 
a husband and wife subscribing as joint tenants), each such person should complete a 
separate Questionnaire for Individuals. If the subscriber is a husband and wife 
subscribing as joint tenants, only one Questionnaire for Individuals is required. 
(2) 
Questionnaire for Trusts (attached as Exhibit B-2). The Questionnaire for Trusts must be 
completed by any subscriber that is a trust (whether revocable, irrevocable or otherwise) 
(other than a Benefit Plan Investor). Each such subscriber must also comply with the 
additional requirements set forth in the footnotes and instructions to the Questionnaire, 
which may require that a Questionnaire also be prepared for one or more additional 
persons or entities. 
(3) 
Questionnaire for Entities (attached as Exhibit B-3). The Questionnaire for Entities must 
be completed by any subscriber that is a corporation, partnership, limited liability 
company, retirement system, Benefit Plan Investor or similar entity (excluding any trusts 
other than trusts that are Benefit Plan Investors), and, as applicable, such subscriber 
should comply with the additional requirements set forth in the footnotes and instructions 
to the Questionnaire, which may require that a Questionnaire also be prepared for one or 
more additional persons or entities. If the subscriber is an individual retirement account 
or a self-directed employee retirement plan, such subscriber should complete this 
Questionnaire for Entities. 
The Investor must return properly completed Questionnaire(s) to the Fund before a subscription 
may be accepted by the General Partner. By completing and returning the applicable Questionnaire(s) and 
executing the Subscription Agreement, the Investor represents, warrants and certifies that all of the 
answers, statements and information in the Questionnaire(s) are true and correct as of the date set forth on 
the signature page to the Subscription Agreement. The Investor agrees to provide such additional 
information and documents related to the Questionnaire(s) as is requested by the Fund Parties and to 
notify the General Partner promptly of any change which may cause any answer, statement or information 
set forth in the Questionnaire(s) to become inaccurate or untrue in an res ct. Any questions regarding 
this Questionnaire should be directed to Adam D. Wyden at 
CONFIDENTIAL INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE 
EFTA00590529
--- PAGE 31 ---
EXHIBIT B-1 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR INDIVIDUALS 
Instructions. If the Investor is a natural person, he or she should complete this Confidential 
Investor Questionnaire for Individuals (this "Questionnaire"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise 
defined in this Questionnaire shall have the meanings set forth in the Subscription Agreement (the 
"Agreement"). 
I. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
A. 
Full legal name of the Investor: 
B. 
The Fund Documents were received, and the Agreement was signed by the Investor, in the 
country listed below. If in the United States, please indicate the applicable state or territory 
(including the District of Columbia): 
C. 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants that the Investor is at least 21 years of age and is: 
(1) a citizen of (country): 
(2) a resident of (please indicate state, if applicable): 
D. 
The Investor 
(is) 
 (is not) (please initial one) a U.S. Person.' 
IL 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS 
The Investor certifies and represents, to and for the benefit of each of the Fund and the General 
Partner, that he/she is an "accredited investor," as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D 
under the Securities Act, because: (please initial each item applicable to the Investor) 
A. 
The Investor is a natural person who has an individual net worth2, or joint net worth with 
his/her spouse of in excess of $1,000,000. 
I The term "U.S. Person" means: (i) any natural person resident in the United States: (ii) any partnership or corporation 
organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States: (iii) any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. 
person: (iv) any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person: (v) any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United 
States: (vi) any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary 
for the benefit or account of a U.S. person: (vii) any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) 
held by a dealer or other fiduciary organized. incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States: and (viii) any 
partnership or corporation if (A) organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction, and (B) formed by a 
U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered under the Securities Act, unless it is organized 
or incorporated. and owned, by accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act) who are not natural 
persons. estates or trusts. 
As used in this item. "net worth" means the excess of total assets at fair market value, including home furnishings and 
automobiles, over total liabilities: provided that. (i) the Investor's primary residence shall not be included as an asset. (ii) 
indebtedness that is secured by the Investor's primary residence, up to the estimated fair market value of the primary residence 
at the time of the sale of the Interests, shall not be included as a liability (except that if the amount of such indebtedness 
outstanding at the time of sale of the Interests exceeds the amount outstanding 60 days before such time, other than as a result 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR INDIVIDUALS 
EFTA00590530
--- PAGE 32 ---
B. 
C. 
D. 
E. 
The Investor is a natural person who had an individual annual income (exclusive of any 
income attributable to his/her spouse) of more than $200,000 in each of the past two 
years, and reasonably expects to have an individual annual income in excess of $200,000 
during the current year. 
The Investor is a natural person who had joint annual income with his/her spouse of more 
than $300,000 in each of the past two years, and reasonably expects to have joint annual 
income in excess of $300,000 during the current year. 
The Investor is a director, executive officer3 or general partner of the Fund or director, 
executive officer or general partner of the General Partner of the Fund. 
None of the above items is applicable with respect to the Investor. 
III. 
QUALIFIED CLIENT STATUS 
The Investor certifies and represents, to and for the benefit of each of the Fund and the General 
Partner, that he/she is a "qualified client," as such term is defined in Rule 205-3 under the Advisers Act, 
because: (please initial each item applicable to the Investor) 
A. 
The Investor is a natural person with an individual net worth4 (or joint net worth with 
his/her spouse) of more than $2,000,000. 
B. 
The Investor is a natural person who has invested at least $1,000,000 in the Fund, 
together with any other funds managed by the General Partner. 
C. 
D. 
E. 
The Investor is a natural person who is a "qualified purchaser," as such term is defined 
in Exhibit H hereto. 
The Investor is an executive officer, director, trustee or general partner, or person serving 
in a similar capacity, of the General Partner. 
The Investor is an employee of General Partner (other than an employee performing 
solely clerical, secretarial or administrative functions) who, in connection with his or her 
regular functions or duties, participates in the investment activities of the Fund or any 
other private fund managed by the General Partner; provided that such employee has 
been performing such functions and duties for or on behalf of the General Partner, or 
of the acquisition of the primary residence, the amount of such excess shall be included as a liability), and (iii) indebtedness 
that is secured by the Investor's primary residence in excess of the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the 
time of the sale of the Interests shall be included as a liability. 
The term "executive officer- means the president. any vice-president in charge of a principal business unit, division or function 
(such as sales, administration or finance). any other officer who performs a policy making function, or any person who 
performs similar policy making functions. for the General Partner. 
For purposes of this item. "net worth" means the excess of total assets at fair market value (excluding the value of the primary 
residence of such natural person) over total liabilities (excluding the amount of indebtedness secured by the primary residence 
of such natural person up to such primary residence's fair market value, except that if the amount of such indebtedness 
outstanding at the time of investment in the Fund exceeds the amount outstanding 60 days before such time (the "additional 
indebtedness'), other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary residence. the amount of such additional indebtedness 
shall be included as a liability). 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR INDIVIDUALS 
EFTA00590531
--- PAGE 33 ---
substantially similar functions or duties for or on behalf of another company, for at least 
twelve (12) months. 
F. 
None of the above items is applicable with respect to the Investor. 
IV. 
ELIGIBILITY TO PARTICIPATE IN NEW ISSUES 
From time to time, the Fund may invest in initial public offerings of U.S. equity securities and other 
securities specified in the U.S. Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") Rule 5130, as 
applicable ("New Issues"). In order to enable the General Partner to determine whether the Investor 
constitutes a person that is prohibited or restricted by FINRA from participating in gains or losses 
attributable to the purchase and sale of New Issues (a "Restricted Person"), the Investor must complete 
this New Issue Questionnaire. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that, in the event (a) the General 
Partner determines, based upon the information furnished to it by the Investor or otherwise available to it, 
that the Investor is ineligible under FINRA rules to participate in profits and losses from New Issues, or (b) 
the Investor fails or chooses not to supply all of the information requested in this section or any other 
information reasonably requested by the General Partner to determine whether the Investor would be a 
Restricted Person, the Investor shall be deemed a Restricted Person and, as such, shall receive no or a 
limited allocation of any appreciation or depreciation from investments in New Issues. If the Investor 
desires not to participate in the gains or losses attributable to the purchase or sale of New Issues, please 
contact and/or notify the General Partner in writing. 
Please initial each of the following items that describes the Investor 
A. 
A member of FINRA or a domestic or foreign broker-dealer. 
B. 
An officer, director, general partner, associated persons or employee of a member of 
FINRA or any other broker-dealer (other than a limited business broker-dealer6). 
C. 
An agent of a member of FINRA or of any other broker-dealer (other than a limited 
business broker-dealer) that is engaged in the investment banking or securities business. 
D. 
An immediate family member? of a person described in item B or C above, and such 
person (i) materially supports8, or is materially supported by, the Investor, and/or (ii) has 
an ability to control the allocation of New Issues. If the Investor initials this item, please 
provide the name of the broker-dealer with whom the person described in item B or C is 
affiliated: 
FINRA By-Laws define a person "associated with a member" as a natural person who is registered or has applied for 
registration under the rules of FINRA as well as every sole proprietor. partner. officer, director or branch manager of any 
member, or any natural person occupying a similar status or performing similar functions, or any natural person engaged in 
investment banking or securities business who is directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by such member, whether or 
not any person is registered or exempt from registration with FINRA. 
The term "limited business broker-dealer is a broker-dealer whose authorization to engage in the securities business is limited 
solely to the purchase and sale of investment company/variable contracts securities and direct participation program securities. 
The term "immediate family member-  includes parents. mother-in-law or father-in-law, husband or wife, brother or sister. 
brother-in-law or sister-in-law, son-in-law or daughter-in-law, children and any other person to whom the person provides 
"material support" as defined below. 
'5 The term "material support" means the direct or indirect provision of more than 25% of a person's income in the prior calendar 
year. Members of the immediate family living in the same household are deemed to be providing each other with material 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR INDIVIDUALS 
EFTA00590532
--- PAGE 34 ---
E. 
A person who has the authority to buy or sell securities for a bank, savings and loan 
institution, insurance company, investment adviser, or collective investment account.9
F. 
An immediate family member of a person described in item E above, and such person 
materially supports, or receives material support from, the Investor. 
G. 
A person listed, or required to be listed, on Schedule A of a Form BD. This item should 
NOT be initialed if the applicable broker-dealer is a limited business broker-dealer or if 
the person is identified on Schedule A of Fonn BD by an ownership code of less than 
10%.1°
H. 
A person listed, or required to be listed, on Schedule B or Schedule C of a Form BD. 
This item should NOT be initialed if the applicable broker-dealer is a limited business 
broker-dealer or if the person's listing (or required listing) on Schedule B or Schedule C 
or Fonn BD is related to a person identified on Schedule A by an ownership code of less 
than 10%. 
I. 
A person that (a) directly or indirectly owns 10% or more of a public reporting company 
listed, or required to be listed, in Schedule A of a Form BD, or (b) directly or indirectly 
owns 25% or more of a public reporting company listed, or required to be listed, in 
Schedule B of a Form BD. This item should NOT be initialed if the applicable broker-
dealer is a limited business broker-dealer or if the public reporting company referred to 
above is listed on a national securities exchange. 
J. 
An immediate family member of a person owning a broker-dealer specified in items G-I 
above, and such person (i) materially supports, or is materially supported by, the Investor 
and/or (ii) has an ability to control the allocation of New issues. If the Investor initials this 
item, please provide the name of the broker-dealer with whom the person described in 
item G, H or 1 is affiliated 
K. 
None of the above items is applicable with respect to the investor. 
V. 
SPINNING QUESTIONNAIRE 
As noted above, the Fund from time to time may invest in (or participate in profits and losses 
attributable to) New Issues. The practice of "spinning" occurs when a broker-dealer allocates a New Issue 
to an executive officer or director of a company, who then returns the favor by using the broker-dealer for 
such company's investment banking needs. Subject to certain conditions and exceptions, FINRA Rule 
5131(b) ("FINRA Rule 5131") attempts to ban the practice of "spinning" by generally prohibiting a 
FINRA member from allocating shares of a New Issue to any account (including a private investment 
fund) in which a covered person (as defined below), has a beneficial interest if such person's company 
support. 
The term "collective investment account' means any hedge fund. investment partnership, investment corporation, or any other 
collective investment vehicle that is engaged primarily in the purchase and/or sale of securities. The term does not include an 
investment club where a group of individuals pool their money and are collectively responsible for investment decisions, or a 
family investment vehicle owned solely by immediate family members. 
Items G-I pertain to "owners" of broker-dealers. FINRA has stated that an owner of a broker-dealer will be viewed as having a 
"beneficial interest" in an account held by a subsidiary (i.e.. a sister company of the broker-dealer). Accordingly. an affiliate 
of a broker-dealer will be a Restricted Person. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR INDIVIDUALS 
EFTA00590533
--- PAGE 35 ---
has or expects to have an investment banking relationship with the FINRA member. As used in this 
Questionnaire, a "covered person" means an executive officer or director of a public company" or a 
covered non-public company? or a person who materially supports, or is materially supported by, such 
an executive officer or director. 
Please initial each of the following items that is applicable to the Investor: 
A. 
The Investor is an executive officer or director of a public company. If the Investor 
initials this item, please provide the name of the public company on whose behalf the 
Investor serves: 
(Please attach additional pages as necessary) 
B. 
The Investor is an executive officer or director of a covered non-public company. If the 
Investor initials this item, please provide the name of the covered non- public company 
on whose behalf the Investor serves: 
(Please attach additional pages as necessary) 
C. 
The Investor is a person who materially supports, or is materially supported by, an 
executive officer or director of a public company or a covered non-public company. If 
the Investor initials this item, please provide the name of the company on whose behalf a 
person who materially supports, or is materially supported by, the Investor serves: 
(Please attach additional pages as necessary) 
D. 
None of the above items is applicable with respect to the Investor. 
" For purposes of FINRA Rule 5131. the term 'public company" means any company that is registered under Section 12 of the 
Exchange Act or files periodic reports pursuant to Section 15(d) thereof. 
For purposes of FINRA Rule 5131. the term "covered non-public company" means any non-public company satisfying the 
following criteria: (i) income of at least SI million in the last fiscal year or in two of the last three fiscal years and 
shareholders' equity of at least S15 million: (ii) shareholders' equity of at least $30 million and a two-year operating history: 
or (iii) total assets and total revenue of at least $75 million in the latest fiscal year or in two of the last three fiscal years. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR INDIVIDUALS 
EFTA00590534
--- PAGE 36 ---
EXHIBIT B-2 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR TRUSTS 
Instructions. If the Investor is a trust (other than a Benefit Plan Investor), please complete this 
Confidential Investor Questionnaire for Trusts (this "Questionnaire"). Capitalized terms used but not 
otherwise defined in this Questionnaire shall have the meanings set forth in the Subscription Agreement 
(the "Agreement"). 
I. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
A. 
Full legal name of the Investor: 
B. 
The Fund Documents were received, and the Agreement was signed, in the country listed below. 
If in the United States, please indicate the applicable state or territory (including the District of 
Columbia): 
C. 
The Investor 
(is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) exempt from U.S. federal 
income tax. If the Investor is exempt from U.S. federal income tax, please indicate the basis of the 
exemption below: 
D. 
The Investor  
 (is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) a grantor trust for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. If the Investor is a grantor trust for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, please answer either "Yes" or "No" to each of the following items: 
(Yes) 
(No) 
(Yes) 
(No) 
More than fifty (50%) of the value of the ownership interest of any beneficial 
owner in the Investor is (or may at any time during the term of the Fund be) 
attributable to the investor's (direct or indirect) interest in the Fund. 
It is a principal purpose of the Investor's participation in the Fund to permit 
the Fund to satisfy the 100 partner limitation contained in U.S. Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.7704-1(h)(3). 
E. 
The investor hereby warrants and represents that: 
(I) 
it is organized under the laws of: 
(2) 
its principal place of business is in:  
F. 
The Investor 
(is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) a Benefit Plan Investor, as 
such term is defined in the Agreement. If the Investor is a Benefit Plan Investor, it should 
complete the Questionnaire for Entities, a copy of which is attached to the Agreement as 
Exhibit B-3. Benefit Plan Investors should not complete this Questionnaire for Trusts. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR TRUSTS 
EFTA00590535
--- PAGE 37 ---
G. 
The Investor 
(is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) an investment fund registered 
as an investment company under the Company Act (a "Registered Fund"), or an affiliate of a 
Registered Fund, or a person controlling, controlled by or under common control with a 
Registered Fund. 
H. 
The Investor 
(is) 
(is not) (please initial one) a U.S. Person.' 
I. 
The Investor 
(is) 
(is not) (please initial one) a Foundation Partner.2
J. 
The Investor 
(is) 
(is not) (please initial one) a Government Entity.3
K. 
The Investor 
(is) 
(is not) (please initial one) acting as trustee, custodian or 
nominee for a beneficial owner that is a Government Entity. If the Investor is such a person, 
please provide the name of the applicable Government Entity below: 
L. 
The Investor 
(is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) a trust substantially owned by 
a Government Entity (e.g., a single investor vehicle) and the investment decisions of such trust 
are made or directed by a Government Entity. If the Investor is such a trust, please provide the 
name of the applicable Government Entity below: 
M. 
If the Investor is a Government Entity or any person or mist described in item K or item L above, 
the Investor hereby certifies that: (please initial one) 
(True) 
_Take) 
No "pay to play" or other similar compliance obligations will be imposed on the 
Fund, the General Partner and/or their respective affiliates in connection with 
the Investor's subscription, other than Rule 206(4)-5 (the "Pay to Play Rule") 
promulgated under the Advisers Act. 
If the Investor initialed "False" above, please describe the nature of the "pay 
to play" or other similar compliance obligations that you expect to be imposed 
I The term "U.S. Person" means: (i) any natural person resident in the United States: (ii) any partnership or corporation 
organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States: (iii) any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. 
person: (iv) any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person: (v) any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United 
States: (vi) any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary 
for the benefit or account of a U.S. person: (vii) any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) 
held by a dealer or other fiduciary organized. incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States: and (viii) any 
partnership or corporation if (A) organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction, and (B) formed by a 
U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered under the Securities Act, unless it is organized 
or incorporated. and owned, by accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act) who are not natural 
persons. estates or trusts. 
"Foundation Partner" means a person that is or is deemed to be a "private foundation" as described in Code Section 509 or is a 
charitable split interest trust. 
I "Government Entity" means any U.S. state (including any U.S. state, the District of Columbia. Puerto Rico. the U.S. Virgin 
Islands or any other possession of the United States) or political subdivision of a state. including: (i) any agency. authority, or 
instrumentality of the state or political subdivision: (ii) a pool of assets sponsored or established by the state or political 
subdivision or any agency. authority or instrumentality thereof; (iii) a plan or program of a government entity: and (iv) 
officers, agents. or employees of the state or political subdivision or any agency. authority or instrumentality thereof. acting in 
their official capacity. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR TRUSTS 
EFTA00590536
--- PAGE 38 ---
on the Fund, the General Partner and/or their respective affiliates in 
connection with the Investor's subscription for an Interest: 
(Continue on a separate piece of paper, if necessary) 
II. 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS 
The investor certifies and represents, to and for the benefit of each of the Fund and the General 
Partner, that it is an "accredited investor," as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under 
the Securities Act, because: (please initial each item applicable to the Investor) 
A. 
B. 
C. 
D. 
E. 
The Investor is a trust that (a) has total assets in excess of $5,000,000 and (b) was not 
formed for the specific purpose of acquiring an Interest, and the purchase of an Interest is 
being directed by a "sophisticated person." As used in the foregoing sentence, a 
"sophisticated person" means a person who has such knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters that he/she/it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks 
of the prospective investment. If the Investor initialed this item, please provide the full 
legal name of the sophisticated person below: 
The Investor is: (a) a "bank" as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, a savings 
and loan association, or other institution as described in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the 
Securities Act; (b) acting in a fiduciary capacity; and (c) subscribing for an Interest on 
behalf of a trust account or accounts. 
The investor is a revocable trust that may be amended or revoked at any time by the 
grantor(s) (Le., settlor(s)) thereof, and each grantor is an accredited investor.4 If the 
Investor initials this item, please list the full legal names) of each grantor below and 
describe the basis upon which each grantor qualifies as an accredited investor 
(Continue on a separate piece of paper, if necessary) 
The Investor is a business trust that (a) has total assets in excess of $5,000,000 and (b) 
was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring an Interest. 
None of the above items is applicable with respect to the Investor. 
A natural person may be an accredited investor if (i) he/she has an individual net worth, or joint net worth with his/her spouse. 
in excess of 51.000.000 (excluding the value of his/her primary residence and any debt secured thereby); (ii) he/she had an 
individual annual income (exclusive of any income attributable to his/her spouse) of more than $200,000 in each of the past 
two years. and reasonably expects to have an individual annual income in excess of $200,000 during the current year: (iii) 
he/she had joint annual income with his/her spouse of more than $300.000 in each of the past two years. and reasonably 
expects to have joint annual income in excess of 5300.000 during the current year: or (iv) he/she is a director, executive 
officer, or general partner of the Fund. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR TRUSTS 
EFTA00590537
--- PAGE 39 ---
III. 
QUALIFIED CLIENT STATUS 
The Investor certifies and represents, to and for the benefit of each of the Fund and the General 
Partner, that it is a "qualified client," as such term is defined in Rule 205-3 under the Advisers Act, 
because: (please initial each item applicable to the Investor) 
A. 
B. 
C. 
D. 
IV. 
The Investor is a trust that has a net worths of more than $2,000,000. 
The Investor is a trust that has invested at least $1,000,000 in the Fund, together with any 
other funds managed by the General Partner. 
The Investor is a "qualified purchaser," as such term is defined in Exhibit H hereto. 
None of the above items is applicable with respect to the Investor. 
CERTIFICATION OF NON-ATTRIBUTION 
The Investor certifies and represents, to and for the benefit of each of the Fund and the General 
Partner, as follows: (please initial either "True" or "False" with respect to each item below) 
A. 
(True) 
The Investor was organized or reorganized (as interpreted under the Company 
Act) for the purpose of acquiring an Interest or otherwise investing in the Fund. 
B. 
(False) 
(True) 
(False) 
C. _CTrue) 
(False) 
D. 
(True) 
(False) 
The Investor has not made any investments prior to the date set forth on the 
signature page to the Agreement and/or does not intend to make any investments 
in the near future. 
The Investor's total investment (or planned total investment, as applicable) in the 
Fund does or may constitute more than forty percent (40%) of the Investor's 
assets (including committed capital of the Investor). 
The governing documents of the Investor do not require that (a) each beneficiary 
of the Investor participate in all of the Investor's investments and (b) the profits 
and losses from each investment be shared among such beneficiaries in the same 
proportions as all other investments of the Investor. 
$ For purposes of this item, "net worth" means the excess of total assets at fair market value (excluding the value of the primary 
residence of such natural person) over total liabilities (excluding the amount of indebtedness secured by the primary residence 
of such natural person up to such primary residence's fair market value, except that if the amount of such indebtedness 
outstanding at the time of investment in the Fund exceeds the amount outstanding 60 days before such time (the "additional 
indebtedness'), other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary residence, the amount of such additional indebtedness 
shall be included as a liability). 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR TRUSTS 
EFTA00590538
--- PAGE 40 ---
E. 
(True) 
The Investor is managed as a device for facilitating individual investment 
decisions of beneficiaries (in other words, beneficiaries have the right or ability to 
(False) "opt-in" or "opt out" of investments made by the Investor or have the individual 
discretion over the amount of their investments). 
F. 
(True) 
The Investor is registered (or is required to be registered) as an investment 
company under the Company Act. 
(False) 
G. 
(True) 
The Investor is a company that would be defined as an investment company under 
the Company Act but for the exclusion provided from that definition by Section 
False) 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Company Act. 
If the Investor initialed "True" with respect to items A, B, C and/or D above, (a) please name the 
beneficiaries participating in the Investor, and the percentage interest which each beneficiary holds in the 
Investor; and (b) each participating beneficiary of the Investor should complete and return the applicable 
form of Questionnaire to the Fund and the Administrator. Please provide the information requested in (a) 
above on a separate piece of paper and return such information to the Fund and the Administrator along 
with this Questionnaire. 
If the Investor initialed "True" to item E above, (a) please name the beneficiaries who have 
elected to participate in an investment in the Fund (i.e., the beneficiaries of the Investor that have "opted-
in" to an investment in the Fund), and (b) each participating beneficiary of the Investor should complete 
and return the applicable form of Questionnaire to the Fund and the Administrator. Please provide the 
information requested in (a) above on a separate piece of paper and return such information to the Fund 
and the Administrator along with this Questionnaire. 
If the Investor initialed "True" to items F and/or G above and the Investor owns or may own 10% 
or more of the outstanding Interests of the Fund, (a) please name the beneficiaries participating in the 
Investor, and the percentage interest that each such person holds in the Investor; and (b) each beneficiary 
of the Investor should complete and return the applicable form of Questionnaire to the Fund and the 
Administrator. Please provide the information requested in (a) above on a separate piece of paper and 
return such information to the Fund and the Administrator along with this Questionnaire. 
V. 
ELIGIBILITY TO PARTICIPATE IN NEW ISSUES 
From time to time, the Fund may invest in initial public offerings of U.S. equity securities and other 
securities specified in the U.S. Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") Rule 5130, as 
applicable ("New Issue?). In order to enable the General Partner to determine whether the Investor 
constitutes a person that is prohibited or restricted by FINRA from participating in gains or losses 
attributable to the purchase and sale of New Issues (a "Restricted Person"), the Investor must complete 
this New Issue Questionnaire. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that, in the event (a) the General 
Partner determines, based upon the information furnished to it by the Investor or otherwise available to it, 
that the Investor or any of the beneficial owners is ineligible under FINRA rules to participate in profits and 
losses from New Issues, or (b) the Investor fails or chooses not to supply all of the information requested in 
this section or any other information requested by the General Partner to determine whether the Investor 
would be a Restricted Person, the Investor shall be deemed a Restricted Person and, as such, shall receive no 
or a limited allocation of any appreciation or depreciation from investments in New Issues. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR TRUSTS 
EFTA00590539
--- PAGE 41 ---
The following New Issue Questionnaire has three parts. Part A lists categories of persons that are 
deemed to be "Restricted Persons" under FINRA Rules. Part B lists various exemptions that apply to 
otherwise Restricted Persons and Part C contains several questions relating to the De Minimis Exception 
(as defined in Part B below). If the Investor desires not to participate in the gains or losses attributable to 
the purchase or sale of New Issues, please contact and/or notify the General Partner in writing. 
A. 
Restricted Persons 
Please initial each of the following items that describes either (i) the Investor, or (ii) a person 
having a beneficial interest° in the Investor: 
(I)  
 A member of FINRA or a domestic or foreign broker-dealer. 
(2)  
 An officer, director, general partner, associated person? or employee of a member of 
FINRA or any other broker-dealer (other than a limited business broker-dealers). 
(3)  
 An agent of a member of FINRA or of any other broker-dealer (other than a limited 
business broker-dealer) that is engaged in the investment banking or securities 
business. 
(4)  
 An immediate family member9 of a person described in item (2) or (3) above, and such 
person (i) materially supports1s, or is materially supported by, the Investor and/or (ii) 
has the ability to control the allocation of New Issues. If the Investor initials this item, 
please provide the name of the broker-dealer with whom the person described in item 
(2) or (3) is affiliated: 
(5)  
 A person who has the authority to buy or sell securities for a bank, savings and loan 
institution, insurance company, investment adviser, or collective investment account." 
"Beneficial interest" as used in this New Issues questionnaire means any economic interest such as the right to share in gains or 
losses. The receipt of a management or performance based fee for operating a collective investment account. or other fee for 
acting in a fiduciary capacity, is not considered a beneficial interest in the account. However. deferred fees that are 
subsequently invested in or by reference to a collective investment account constitute a beneficial interest in such account. 
FINRA By-Laws define a person "associated with a member" as a natural person who is registered or has applied for 
registration under the rules of FINRA as well as every sole proprietor. partner. officer, director or branch manager of any 
member, or any natural person occupying a similar status or performing similar functions, or any natural person engaged in 
investment banking or securities business who is directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by such member, whether or 
not any person is registered or exempt from registration with FINRA. 
*The term "limited business broker-dealer" is a broker-dealer whose authorization to engage in the securities business is limited 
solely to the purchase and sale of investment company/variable contracts securities and direct participation program securities. 
The term "immediate family member- includes parents. mother-in-law or father-in-law, husband or wife, brother or sister. 
brother-in-law or sister-in-law, son-in-law or daughter-in-law, children and any other person to whom the person provides 
"material support" as defined below. 
The term "material support' means the direct or indirect provision of more than 25% of a person's income in the prior 
calendar year. Members of the immediate family living in the same household are deemed to be providing each other with 
material support. 
II The term "collective investment account" means any hedge fund, investment partnership. investment corporation. or any other 
collective investment vehicle that is engaged primarily in the purchase and/or sale of securities. The term does not include an 
investment club where a group of individuals pool their money and are collectively responsible for investment decisions, or a 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR TRUSTS 
EFTA00590540
--- PAGE 42 ---
(6)  
An immediate family member of a person described in item (5) above, and such person 
materially supports, or is materially supported by, the Investor. 
(7)  
 A person listed, or required to be listed, on Schedule A of a Form BD. This item 
should NOT be initialed if the applicable broker-dealer is a limited business broker-
dealer or if the person is identified on Schedule A of Form BD by an ownership code 
of less than 10%. 
(8)  
 A person listed, or required to be listed, on Schedule B or Schedule C of a Form BD. 
This item should NOT be initialed if the applicable broker-dealer is a limited 
business broker-dealer or if the person's listing (or required listing) on Schedule B 
or Schedule C or Form BD is related to a person identified on Schedule A by an 
ownership code of less than 10%. 
(9)  
 A person that (a) directly or indirectly owns 10% or more of a public reporting 
company listed, or required to be listed, in Schedule A of a Form BD, or (b) directly 
or indirectly owns 25% or more of a public reporting company listed, or required to 
be listed, in Schedule B of a Form BD. This item should NOT be initialed if the 
applicable broker-dealer is a limited business broker-dealer or if the public reporting 
company referred to above is listed on a national securities exchange. 
(10)  
 An immediate family member of a person described in items (7)-(9) above, and such 
person (i) materially supports, or is materially supported by, the Investor and/or (ii) has 
an ability to control the allocation of New Issues. If the Investor initials this item, 
please provide the name of the broker-dealer with whom the person described in item 
(7), (8) or (9) is affiliated: 
(11)  
 None of the above items in this Part A is applicable with respect to the Investor or a 
person having a beneficial interest in the Investor. 
B. 
Exempt Persons 
Please initial each of the following items that is applicable to the Investor: 
(1)  
 The Investor is an "investment company" registered as such under the Company Act. 
(2)  
 The Investor is a common trust fund or similar fund as described in Section 
3(a)(12)(A)(iii) of the Exchange Act, and the fund (a) has investments from 1,000 or 
more accounts, and (b) does not limit beneficial interests in the Investor principally to 
trust accounts of Restricted Persons (i.e., any persons described in items (1)-(10) in 
Part A above). 
family investment vehicle owned solely by immediate family members. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR TRUSTS 
EFTA00590541
--- PAGE 43 ---
(3)  
 The Investor is an insurance company general, separate or investment account, and 
(a) the account is funded by premiums from 1,000 or more policyholders, or, if a 
general account, the insurance company has 1,000 or more policyholders; and (b) the 
insurance company does not limit the policyholders whose premiums are used to 
fund the account principally to Restricted Persons, or, if a general account, the 
insurance company does not limit its policyholders principally to Restricted Persons. 
(4)  
 The Investor is a trust and the beneficial interests of Restricted Persons do not exceed 
10% (in the aggregate) of such trust (the "De Minimis Exemption"). If the Investor 
limits participation by Restricted Persons to no more than 10% (in the aggregate) of 
the profits and losses of New Issues, it may initial this item. If this item is applicable 
to the Investor, please answer the applicable items set forth in Part C below. 
(5)  
 The Investor is a publicly traded entity (other than a broker-dealer or an affiliate of a 
broker-dealer where such broker-dealer is authorized to engage in the public offering 
of New Issues either as a selling group member or underwriter) that: (a) is listed on a 
national securities exchange, or (b) is a foreign issuer whose securities meet the 
quantitative designation criteria for listing on a national securities exchange. 
(6)  
 The Investor is an investment company organized under the laws of a foreign 
jurisdiction and is listed on a foreign exchange or authorized for sale to the public by 
a foreign regulatory authority, and no person owning more than 5% of the interests of 
the Investor is a Restricted Person. 
(7)  
 The Investor is a Benefit Plan Investor that is qualified under Section 401(a) of the 
Code and such plan is not sponsored solely by a broker-dealer. 
(8)  
 The Investor is a state or municipal government benefits plan that is subject to state 
and/or municipal regulation. 
(9)  
 The Investor is a tax-exempt charitable organization under Section 501(c)(3) of the 
Code. 
(10)  
 The Investor is a church plan under Section 414(e) of the Code. 
(11)  
 The Investor is a broker-dealer, or owner of a broker-dealer, organized as an 
investment vehicle, that restricts participation of Restricted Persons in profits and 
losses of New Issues in accordance with the De Minimis Exemption set forth in item 
(4) of Part B above. If this item is applicable to the Investor, please answer the 
applicable items set forth in Part C below. 
(12)  
 None of the above items in this Part B is applicable with respect to the Investor. 
If the investor did not initial item (4) or item (I l) above, please skip Part C below. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR TRUSTS 
EFTA00590542
--- PAGE 44 ---
C. 
De Minimis Exception 
If the Investor initialed item (4) and/or item (11) in Part B above, please initial "Yes" or "No," 
as applicable, to the following item. 
_Ores) 
(No) 
Does the Investor permit its beneficial owners that are Restricted Persons, if any, to 
participate in profits and losses allocated to the Investor that are attributable to New 
Issues? If the Investor initials "Yes" to this item, please complete the following: 
The investor allocates  
% of the New Issue profits and losses that it 
receives to beneficial owners that are Restricted Persons. 
VI. 
SPINNING QUESTIONNAIRE 
As noted above, the Fund from time to time may invest in (or participate in profits and losses 
attributable to) New Issues. The practice of "spinning" occurs when a broker-dealer allocates a New Issue 
to an executive officer or director of a company, who then returns the favor by using the broker-dealer for 
such company's investment banking needs. Subject to certain conditions and exceptions, FINRA Rule 
5131(b) ("FINRA Rule 5131") attempts to ban the practice of "spinning" by generally prohibiting a 
FINRA member from allocating shares of a New Issue to any account (including a private investment 
fund) in which a covered person (as defined below), has a beneficial interest if such person's company 
has or expects to have an investment banking relationship with the FINRA member. As used in this 
Questionnaire, a "covered person" means an executive officer or director of a public company12 or a 
covered non-public company13, or a person who materially supports, or is materially supported by, such 
an executive officer or director. 
If the Investor selected "True" to one or more of items (1)-(3) or (5)-(10) set forth in Part B of 
Section V of this Questionnaire, the Investor may skip this Section VI. Otherwise, the Investor should 
proceed to Pan A below. 
A. 
FINRA Rule 5131 Covered Persons 
Please initial either "True" or "False" to the following statement. If the Investor initials "True" to 
the following statement, it must complete Pan B below. If the Investor initials "False" to the following 
statement, it should skip Part B below. 
(True) 
(False) 
The Investor is a trust in which one or more covered persons has a beneficial interest. If 
this statement is applicable to the Investor, please provide the name of each public 
company or covered non-public company, as the case may be, on whose behalf any 
covered persons serve and the aggregate percentage ownership interests in the Investor 
that are held by covered persons of such company." 
For purposes of Rule 5131. the term "public company" means any company that is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange 
Act or files periodic reports pursuant to Section 15(d) thereof. 
For purposes of Rule 5131. the term "covered non-public company" means any non-public company satisfying the following 
criteria: (a) income of at least $1 million in the last fiscal year or in two of the last three fiscal years and shareholder? equity 
of at least $15 million: (b) shareholder? equity of at least $30 million and a two-year operating history; or (c) total assets and 
total revenue of at least $75 million in the latest fiscal year or in two of the last three fiscal years. 
EXAMPLE. Assume the following: Beneficial Owner A serves as a director of Newco and owns 7% of the Investor; Beneficial 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR TRUSTS 
EFTA00590543
--- PAGE 45 ---
Name of Each Company 
Aggregate Ownership Percentage 
(Please attach additional pages as necessary.) 
B. 
De Minimis Exemption 
If the Investor is a trust in which one or more covered persons has a beneficial interest, please 
initial either "True" or "False" to the following item. 
(True) 
(False) 
The beneficial interests of covered persons that serve on behalf of a particular public 
company or covered non-public company do not exceed in the aggregate 25% of the 
Investor. (Note: an Investor who limits the participation by covered persons that serve 
on behalf of a particular public company or covered non-public company to no more 
than 25% (in the aggregate) of the profits and losses of New Issues may initial "True" 
to this statement). 
Owner B serves as an executive officer of Newco and owns 9% of the Investor; Beneficial Owner B also serves as a director of 
Puke. 
Newco would be listed separately in the first column and the aggregate ownership of covered persons in respect of Newco would 
be 16%. Pubco would be listed separately in the first column and the aggregate ownership of covered persons in respect of 
Pubco would be 9%. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR TRUSTS 
EFTA00590544
--- PAGE 46 ---
EXHIBIT B-3 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR ENTITIES 
Instructions. If the Investor is an entity (including a Benefit Plan Investor), please complete this 
Confidential Investor Questionnaire for Entities (this "Questionnaire"). Capitalized terms used but not 
otherwise defined in this Questionnaire shall have the meanings set forth in the Subscription Agreement 
(the "Agreement"). 
I. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
A. 
Full legal name of the Investor: 
B. 
The Fund Documents were received, and the Agreement was signed, in the country listed below. 
If in the United States, please indicate the applicable state or territory (including the District of 
Columbia): 
C. 
The Investor 
(is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) exempt from U.S. federal 
income tax. If the Investor is exempt from U.S. federal income tax, please indicate the basis of the 
exemption below. 
D. 
The investor hereby warrants and represents that: 
it is organized under the laws of: 
(2) 
its principal place of business is in:  
E. 
The Investor 
(is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) a Benefit Plan Investor, as 
such term is defined in the Agreement. If the Investor is an entity whose underlying assets include 
"plan assets" for purposes of the Plan Assets Regulation under ERISA, the Investor should initial 
item F below, designating the maximum percentage of the Investor's Interest that will constitute 
"plan assets." 
F. 
The Investor 
(is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) a pooled investment vehicle 
or other entity whose investors or equity interest holders consist of one or more Benefit Plan 
Investors. If the Investor is such an entity, the Investor hereby certifies to either (1) or (2) below, 
as applicable (please initial either (I) or (2) below): 
(1) 
Less than 25% of the value of each class of equity interests in the Investor is held 
by Benefit Plan investors (excluding from this computation interests held by (i) 
any individual or entity (other than a Benefit Plan Investor) having discretionary 
authority or control over the assets of the investor, (ii) any individual or entity 
who provides investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to the 
assets of the investor, and (iii) any affiliate of such individuals or entities); 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR ENTITIES 
EFTA00590545
--- PAGE 47 ---
OR 
(2) 
25% or more of the value of any class of equity interests in the Investor is held 
by Benefit Plan Investors (calculated as described above); 
AND 
the maximum percentage of the Investor's assets that will constitute "plan assets" 
within the meaning of the Plan Assets Regulation is 
%. 
G. 
The Investor  
 (is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) an individual retirement 
account or annuity or other "plan" that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code or a self-directed 
account in an "employee benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, and the 
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, that is subject to Part 4 of Subtitle B of Title I of 
ERISA. If the Investor is such a person, please provide the full legal name of the natural person 
that is investing through such IRA or self-directed employee retirement plan below: 
H. 
The Investor 
(is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) an insurance company. If the 
Investor is an insurance company, the Investor hereby certifies to either (1) or (2) below, as 
applicable (please initial either (I) or (2) below): 
(1) 
The Investor is an insurance company investing the assets of its general account 
(or the assets of a wholly owned subsidiary of its general account), but none of 
the underlying assets of the Investor's general account constitutes "plan assets" 
within the meaning of Section 401(c) of ERISA; 
OR 
(2) 
The Investor is an insurance company investing the assets of its general account 
(or the assets of a wholly owned subsidiary of its general account) and a portion 
of the underlying assets of the Investor's general account constitutes "plan 
assets" within the meaning of Section 401(c) of ERISA; 
AND 
% of its general account assets constitutes "plan assets" within the 
meaning of Section 401(c) of ERISA. 
I. 
The Investor 
(is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) an investment fund registered 
as an investment company under the Company Act (a "Registered Fund"), or an affiliate of a 
Registered Fund, or a person controlling, controlled by or under common control with a 
Registered Fund. 
J. 
The Investor 
(is) 
 (is not) (please initial one) a U.S. Person.' 
I The tenn "U.S. Person" means: (i) any natural person resident in the United States: (ii) any partnership or corporation 
organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States; (iii) any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. 
person: (iv) any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; (v) any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United 
States: (vi) any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary 
for the benefit or account of a U.S. person; (vii) any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR ENTITIES 
EFTA00590546
--- PAGE 48 ---
K. 
The Investor 
 (is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) a "government plan" within 
the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA. 
L. 
The Investor  
 (is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) a "church plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(33) of ERISA. If it is a church plan, has the Investor elected to he subject 
to ERISA (please select either "Yes" or "No" below): 
Yes 
No 
M. 
The Investor 
(is) 
 (is not) (please initial one) a Foundation Partner.2
N. 
The Investor 
(is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) a private pooled investment 
vehicle that invests ten percent (10%) or more of its total assets in other pooled investment 
vehicles, whether or not such pooled investment vehicles are "private funds" (as such term is 
defined in the Advisers Act) or registered investment companies. 
O. 
The Investor 
(is) 
 (is not) (please initial one) a Government Entity.3
P. 
The Investor 
(is)  
(is not) (please initial one) acting as trustee, custodian or 
nominee for a beneficial owner that is a Government Entity. If the Investor is such a person, 
please provide the name of the applicable Government Entity below: 
Q. 
The Investor 
(is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) an entity substantially owned 
by a Government Entity (e.g., a single investor vehicle) and the investment decisions of such 
entity are made or directed by a Government Entity. If the Investor is such an entity, please 
provide the name of the applicable Government Entity below: 
R. 
If the Investor is a Government Entity or any person or entity described in item P or item Q 
above, the Investor hereby certifies that: (please initial one) 
held by a dealer or other fiduciary organized. incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and (viii) any 
partnership or corporation if (A) organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction, and (B) formed by a 
U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered under the Securities Act, unless it is organized 
or incorporated, and owned, by accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act) who are not natural 
persons. estates or trusts. 
"Foundation Partner" means a person that is or is deemed to be a "private foundation" as described in Code Section 509 or is a 
charitable split interest trust. 
I  "Government Entity" means any U.S. state (including any U.S. state, the District of Columbia. Puerto Rico. the U.S. Virgin 
Islands or any other possession of the United States) or political subdivision of a state, including: (i) any agency. authority, or 
instrumentality of the state or political subdivision; (ii) a pool of assets sponsored or established by the state or political 
subdivision or any agency. authority or instrumentality thereof; (iii) a plan or program of a government entity; and (iv) 
officers, agents. or employees of the state or political subdivision or any agency. authority or instrumentality thereof, acting in 
their official capacity. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR ENTITIES 
EFTA00590547
--- PAGE 49 ---
(True) 
(False) 
No "pay to play" or other similar compliance obligations will be imposed on the 
Fund, the General Partner and/or their respective affiliates in connection with the 
Investor's subscription, other than Rule 206(4)-5 (the "Pay to Play Rule") 
promulgated under the Advisers Act. 
If the Investor initialed "False" above, please describe the nature of the "pay to 
play" or other similar compliance obligations that you expect to be imposed on 
the Fund, the General Partner and/or their respective affiliates in connection 
with the Investor's subscription for an Interest: 
(Continue on a separate piece of paper, if necessary) 
II. 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS 
The investor certifies and represents, to and for the benefit of each of the Fund and the General 
Partner, that it is an "accredited investor," as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under 
the Securities Act, because: (please initial each item applicable to the Investor) 
A. 
The Investor is an entity that has total assets in excess of $5,000,000 and was not formed 
for the specific purpose of acquiring an Interest. 
B. 
The Investor is an "employee benefit plan" within the meaning of ERISA, and the 
decision to invest in the Fund was made by a plan fiduciary (as defined in Section 3(21) 
of ERISA) that is either a bank, savings and loan association, insurance company or SEC-
registered investment adviser. The name of such plan fiduciary is: 
C. 
The Investor is an "employee benefit plan" within the meaning of ERISA and has total 
assets in excess of $5,000,000. 
D. 
The Investor is a plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or 
any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions for the benefit of its 
employees, and has total assets in excess of $5,000,000. 
E. 
The Investor is an individual retirement account, Keogh Plan or other self-directed 
defined contribution plan in which a participant may exercise control over the investment 
of assets credited to his or her account and the investing participant is an accredited 
investor.° If the Investor initials this item, please list the full legal name of the investing 
participant below and describe the basis upon which such participant qualifies as an 
accredited investor: 
A natural person may be an accredited investor if (i) he/she has an individual net worth, or joint net worth with his/her spouse. 
in excess of 51.000.000 (excluding the value of his/her primary residence and any debt secured thereby); (ii) he/she had an 
individual annual income (exclusive of any income attributable to his/her spouse) of more than $200,000 in each of the past 
two years. and reasonably expects to have an individual annual income in excess of $200,000 during the current year: (iii) 
he/she had joint annual income with his/her spouse of more than $300,000 in each of the past two years, and reasonably 
expects to have joint annual income in excess of 5300.000 during the current year: or (iv) he/she is a director, executive 
officer, or general partner of the Fund, or a director, executive officer or general partner of the General Partner. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR ENTITIES 
EFTA00590548
--- PAGE 50 ---
(Continue on a separate piece of paper, if necessary) 
F. 
G. 
J. 
The Investor is an organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Code, was not 
formed for the specific purpose of acquiring an Interest and has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000. 
The Investor is a "bank" as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act or a savings 
and loan association, or other institution described in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities 
Act acting in its individual capacity. 
The Investor is an insurance company as defined in Section 2(13) of the Securities Act. 
The Investor is a broker or dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). 
Each beneficial owner of the Investor's equity interests is an accredited investor (i.e., can 
qualify as an accredited investor under one or more of the foregoing categories in this 
Section II). If the Investor initials this item only, please list the full legal name(s) of each 
beneficial owner of the Investor below and describe the basis upon which each equity 
owner qualifies as an accredited investor 
(Continue on a separate piece of paper, if necessary) 
K. 
None of the above items is applicable with respect to the Investor. 
III. 
QUALIFIED CLIENT STATUS 
The Investor certifies and represents, to and for the benefit of each of the Fund and the General 
Partner, that it is a "qualified client," as such term is defined in Rule 205-3 under the Advisers Act, 
because: (please initial each item applicable to the Investor) 
A. 
The Investor is an entity that has a net worths of more than $2,000,000; provided, 
however, if the Investor is (a) an entity that would be defined as an investment company 
under the Company Act but for the exclusion provided from that definition by Section 
3(c)(1) of the Company Act; (b) an investment company registered as such under the 
Company Act; or (c) a business development company, as defined in Section 202(a)(22) 
$ For purposes of this item. "net worth" means the excess of total assets at fair market value (excluding the value of the primary 
residence of such natural person) over total liabilities (excluding the amount of indebtedness secured by the primary residence 
of such natural person up to such primary residence's fair market value, except that if the amount of such indebtedness 
outstanding at the time of investment in the Fund exceeds the amount outstanding 60 days before such time (the "additional 
indebtedness'), other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary residence, the amount of such additional indebtedness 
shall be included as a liability).. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR ENTITIES 
EFTA00590549
--- PAGE 51 ---
of the Advisers Act, the Investor may not initial this item unless each of its equity owners 
is a qualified client° and/or a "qualified purchaser," as such term is defined in Exhibit H 
hereto. 
B. 
The Investor is an entity that has invested at least $1,000,000 in the Fund, together with 
any other funds managed by the General Partner. 
C. 
The Investor qualifies as a "qualified purchaser," as such term is defined in Exhibit H 
hereto. 
D. 
None of the above items is applicable with respect to the Investor. 
IV. 
INVESTMENT COMPANY STATUS 
The Investor certifies and represents, to and for the benefit of each of the Fund and the General 
Partner, as follows: (please initial "True" or "False" with respect to each item) 
(True) 
(False) 
The Investor is a company that is exempt from registration as an "investment 
company" under the Company Act pursuant to an exclusion provided from that 
definition under either Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Company Act. 
If the Investor initialed "True" to the above item, please initial either "True" or "False" with respect 
to item (I) below: 
(True) 
(False) 
(1) 
The Investor has no beneficial owners of its outstanding securities who 
acquired such securities on or before April 30, 1996 ("Pre-Amendment 
Beneficial Owners"). 
If the Investor initialed "False" to item (I) above, please initial either "True" or "False" with respect 
to item (2) below: 
(True) 
(False) 
(2) 
The Investor has Pre-Amendment Beneficial Owners and has obtained the 
consent of all such Pre-Amendment Beneficial Owners to the treatment of 
the Investor as a qualified purchaser. 
V. 
CERTIFICATION OF NON-ATTRIBUTION 
The Investor certifies and represents, to and for the benefit of each of the Fund and the General 
Partner, as follows: (please initial either "True" or "False" with respect to each item below) 
A "qualified client" includes (a) individuals and companies that have at least 51.000.CCO in assets under management with the 
General Partner: (b) individuals and companies that have a net worth in excess of 52.000.000 (excluding the value of his/her 
primary residence and any debt secured thereby); (c) individuals who immediately before executing the Agreement are either 
executive officers, directors, trustees, general partners (or serve in similar capacities) of the General Partner or employees of 
the General Partner who in their regular functions have participated in the General Partner's (or another company's) 
investment activities for at least 12 months. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR ENTITIES 
EFTA00590550
--- PAGE 52 ---
A. 
The Investor was organized or reorganized (as interpreted under the Company 
True) 
Act) for the purpose of acquiring an Interest or otherwise investing in the 
(False) Fund. 
B. 
C. 
D. 
E. 
F. 
G. 
(True) 
(False) 
(True) 
(False) 
Niue) 
(False) 
(True) 
(False) 
 (True) 
(False) 
_cTrue) 
(False) 
The Investor has not made any investments prior to the date set forth on the 
signature page to the Agreement and/or does not intend to make any 
investments in the near future. 
The Investor's total investment (or planned total investment, as applicable) in 
the Fund does or may constitute more than forty percent (40%) of the 
Investor's total assets (including committed capital of the Investor). 
The governing documents of the Investor do not require that (a) each equity 
or beneficial owner of the Investor participate in all of the Investor's 
investments and (b) the profits and losses from each investment made by the 
Investor be shared among the equity or beneficial owners in the same 
proportions as all other investments made by the Investor. 
The Investor is managed as a device for facilitating individual investment 
decisions of its beneficial owners (in other words, beneficial owners have the 
right or ability to "opt-in" or "opt out" of investments made by the Investor or 
have the individual discretion over the amount of their investments). 
The Investor is registered (or is required to be registered) as an investment 
company under the Company Act. 
The Investor is a company that would be defined as an investment company 
under the Company Act but for the exclusion provided from that definition by 
Section 3(c)(I) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Company Act. 
If the Investor initialed "True" with respect to items A, B, C and/or D above, (a) please name the 
partners, shareholders, members, managers or other persons participating in the Investor, and the 
percentage interest which each such person holds in the Investor; and (b) each beneficial or equity owner 
of the Investor should complete and return the applicable form of Questionnaire to the Fund and the 
Administrator. Please provide the information requested in (a) above on a separate piece of paper and 
retum such information to the Fund and the Administrator along with this Questionnaire. 
If the Investor initialed "True" to item E above, (a) please name the partners, shareholders, 
members, managers or other owners of the Investor that have elected to participate in an investment in the 
Fund (i.e., the beneficial owners of the Investor that have "opted-in" to an investment in the Fund), and 
(b) each participating beneficial or equity owner of the Investor should complete and return the applicable 
form of Questionnaire to the Fund and the Administrator. Please provide the information requested in (a) 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR ENTITIES 
EFTA00590551
--- PAGE 53 ---
above on a separate piece of paper and return such information to the Fund and the Administrator along 
with this Questionnaire. 
If the Investor initialed "True to items F and/or G above and the Investor owns or may own 10% 
or more of the outstanding Interests of the Fund, (a) please name the partners, shareholders, members, 
managers or other persons participating in the Investor, and the percentage interest which each such 
person holds in the Investor; and (b) each beneficial or equity owner of the Investor should complete and 
return the applicable form of Questionnaire to the Fund and the Administrator. Please provide the 
information requested in (a) above on a separate piece of paper and return such information to the Fund 
and the Administrator along with this Questionnaire. 
VI. 
ELIGIBILITY TO PARTICIPATE IN NEW ISSUES 
From time to time, the Fund may invest in initial public offerings of U.S. equity securities and other 
securities specified in the U.S. Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") Rule 5130, as 
applicable ("New Issues"). In order to enable the General Partner to determine whether the Investor 
constitutes a person that is prohibited or restricted by FINRA from participating in gains or losses 
attributable to the purchase and sale of New Issues (a "Restricted Person"), the Investor must complete 
this New Issue Questionnaire. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that, in the event (a) the General 
Partner determines, based upon the information furnished to it by the Investor or otherwise available to it, 
that the Investor or any of the beneficial owners is ineligible under FINRA rules to participate in profits and 
losses from New Issues, or (b) the Investor fails or chooses not to supply all of the information requested in 
this section or any other information requested by the General Partner to determine whether the Investor 
would be a Restricted Person, the Investor shall be deemed a Restricted Person and, as such, shall receive no 
or a limited allocation of any appreciation or depreciation from investments in New Issues. 
The following New Issue Questionnaire has three parts. Part A lists categories of persons that are 
deemed to be "Restricted Persons" under FINRA Rules. Part B lists various exemptions that apply to 
otherwise Restricted Persons and Part C contains several questions relating to the De Minimis Exception 
(as defined in Part B below). If the Investor desires not to participate in the gains or losses attributable to 
the purchase or sale of New Issues, please contact and/or notify the General Partner in writing. 
A. 
Restricted Persons 
Please initial each of the following items that describes either (i) the Investor, or (ii) a person 
having a beneficial interest7 in the Investor: 
(I) 
A member of FINRA or a domestic or foreign broker-dealer. 
(2) 
An officer, director, general partner, associated persons or employee of a member of 
FINRA or any other broker-dealer (other than a limited business broker-dealer9). 
"Beneficial interest" as used in this New Issues questionnaire means any economic interest such as the right to share in gains or 
losses. The receipt of a management or performance based fee for operating a collective investment account, or other fee for 
acting in a fiduciary capacity. is not considered a beneficial interest in the account. However, deferred fees that are 
subsequently invested in or by reference to a collective investment account constitute a beneficial interest in such account. 
FINRA By-Laws define a person "associated with a member" as a natural person who is registered or has applied for 
registration under the rules of FINRA as well as every sole proprietor. partner. officer, director or branch manager of any 
member, or any natural person occupying a similar status or performing similar functions, or any natural person engaged in 
investment banking or securities business who is directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by such member, whether or 
not any person is registered or exempt from registration with FINRA. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR ENTITIES 
EFTA00590552
--- PAGE 54 ---
(3) 
An agent of a member of FINRA or of any other broker-dealer (other than a limited 
business broker-dealer) that is engaged in the investment banking or securities business. 
(4) 
An immediate family member" of a person described in item (2) or (3) above, and such 
person (i) materially supports", or is materially supported by, the Investor and/or (ii) 
has an ability to control the allocation of New Issues. If the Investor initials this item, 
please provide the name of the broker-dealer with whom the person described in item 
(2) or (3) is affiliated: 
(5) 
A person who has the authority to buy or sell securities for a bank, savings and loan 
institution, insurance company, investment adviser, or collective investment account.12
(6) 
An immediate family member of a person described in item (5) above, and such person 
materially supports, or is materially supported by, the Investor. 
(7) 
A person listed, or required to be listed, on Schedule A of a Form BD. This item 
should NOT be initialed if the applicable broker-dealer is a limited business broker-
dealer or if the person is identified on Schedule A of Form BD by an ownership code 
of less than 10%. 
(8) 
A person listed, or required to be listed, on Schedule B or Schedule C of a Form BD. 
This item should NOT be initialed if the applicable broker-dealer is a limited 
business broker-dealer or if the person's listing (or required listing) on Schedule B or 
Schedule C or Form BD is related to a person identified on Schedule A by an 
ownership code of less than 10%. 
(9) 
A person that (a) directly or indirectly owns 10% or more of a public reporting 
company listed, or required to be listed, in Schedule A of a Form BD, or (b) directly 
or indirectly owns 25% or more of a public reporting company listed, or required to 
be listed, in Schedule B of a Form BD. This item should NOT be initialed if the 
applicable broker-dealer is a limited business broker-dealer or if the public reporting 
company referred to above is listed on a national securities exchange. 
(10) 
An immediate family member of a person described in items (7)-(9) above, and such 
person (i) materially supports, or is materially supported by, the Investor or (ii) has an 
ability to control the allocation of New Issues. If the Investor initials this item, please 
The term "limited business broker-dealar is a broker-dealer whose authorization to engage in the securities business is limited 
solely to the purchase and sale of investment company/variable contracts securities and direct participation program securities. 
I° The term "immediate family member" includes parents. mother-in-law or father-in-law. husband or wife, brother or sister. 
brother-in-law or sister-in-law, son-in-law or daughter-in-law, children and any other person to whom the person provides 
"material support" as defined below. 
II The term "material support-' means the direct or indirect provision of more than 25% of a person's income in the prior 
calendar year. Members of the immediate family living in the same household are deemed to be providing each other with 
material support. 
The term "collective investment account" means any hedge fund. investment partnership, investment corporation. or any other 
collective investment vehicle that is engaged primarily in the purchase and/or sale of securities. The term does not include an 
investment club where a group of individuals pool their money and are collectively responsible for investment decisions. or a 
family investment vehicle owned solely by immediate family members. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR ENTITIES 
EFTA00590553
--- PAGE 55 ---
provide the name of the broker-dealer with whom the person described in item (7), (8) 
or (9) is affiliated: 
(11) 
None of the above items in this Part A is applicable with respect to the Investor or a 
person having a beneficial interest in the Investor. 
B. 
Exempt Persons 
Please initial each of the following items that is applicable to the Investor: 
(1) 
The Investor is an "investment company- registered as such under the Company Act. 
(2) 
The Investor is a common trust fund or similar fund as described in Section 
3(a)(12)(A)(iii) of the Exchange Act, and the fund (a) has investments from 1,000 or 
more accounts, and (b) does not limit beneficial interests in the Investor principally to 
trust accounts of Restricted Persons (Le., any persons described in items (1)-(10) in 
Part A above). 
(3) 
The Investor is an insurance company general, separate or investment account, and (a) 
the account is funded by premiums from 1,000 or more policyholders, or, if a general 
account, the insurance company has 1,000 or more policyholders; and (b) the 
insurance company does not limit the policyholders whose premiums are used to fund 
the account principally to Restricted Persons, or, if a general account, the insurance 
company does not limit its policyholders principally to Restricted Persons. 
(4) 
The Investor is a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity and the beneficial 
interests of Restricted Persons do not exceed 10% (in the aggregate) of such entity 
(the "De Minimis Exemption"). If the Investor limits participation by Restricted 
Persons to no more than 10% (in the aggregate) of the profits and losses of New 
Issues, it may initial this item. If this item is applicable to the Investor, please answer 
the applicable items set forth in Part C below. 
(5) 
The Investor is a publicly traded entity (other than a broker-dealer or an affiliate of a 
broker-dealer where such broker-dealer is authorized to engage in the public offering 
of New Issues either as a selling group member or underwriter) that: (a) is listed on a 
national securities exchange, or (b) is a foreign issuer whose securities meet the 
quantitative designation criteria for listing on a national securities exchange. 
(6) 
The Investor is an investment company organized under the laws of a foreign 
jurisdiction and is listed on a foreign exchange or authorized for sale to the public by 
a foreign regulatory authority, and no person owning more than 5% of the shares of 
the Investor is a Restricted Person. 
(7) 
The Investor is a Benefit Plan Investor that is qualified under Section 401(a) of the 
Code and such plan is not sponsored solely by a broker-dealer. 
(8) 
The Investor is a state or municipal government benefits plan that is subject to state 
and/or municipal regulation. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR ENTITIES 
EFTA00590554
--- PAGE 56 ---
(9) 
The Investor is a tax-exempt charitable organization under Section 501(c)(3) of the 
Code. 
(10) 
The Investor is a church plan under Section 414(e) of the Code. 
(11) 
The Investor is a broker-dealer, or owner of a broker-dealer, organized as an 
investment vehicle, that restricts participation of Restricted Persons in profits and 
losses of New Issues in accordance with the De Minimis Exemption set forth in item 
(4) of Part B above. If this item is applicable to the Investor, please answer the 
applicable items set forth in Pan C below. 
(12) 
None of the above items in this Part A is applicable with respect to the Investor. 
If the investor did not initial item (4) or item (II) above, please skip Part C below. 
C. 
De Minimis Exception 
If the Investor initialed item (4) and/or item (II) in Pan B above, please initial "Yes" or "No," 
as applicable, to the following item. 
_Ores) 
(No) 
Does the Investor permit its beneficial owners that are Restricted Persons, if any, to 
participate in profits and losses allocated to the Investor that are attributable to New 
Issues? If the Investor initials "Yes" to this item, please complete the following: 
The Investor allocates  
% of the New Issue profits and losses that it 
receives to beneficial owners that are Restricted Persons. 
VII. 
SPINNING QUESTIONNAIRE 
As noted above, the Fund from time to time may invest in (or participate in profits and losses 
attributable to) New Issues. The practice of "spinning" occurs when a broker-dealer allocates a New Issue 
to an executive officer or director of a company, who then returns the favor by using the broker-dealer for 
such company's investment banking needs. Subject to certain conditions and exceptions, FINRA Rule 
5131(b) ("FINRA Rule 5131") attempts to ban the practice of "spinning" by generally prohibiting a 
FINRA member from allocating shares of a New Issue to any account (including a private investment 
fund) in which a covered person (as defined below), has a beneficial interest if such person's company 
has or expects to have an investment banking relationship with the FINRA member. As used in this 
Questionnaire, a "covered person" means an executive officer or director of a public company13 or a 
covered non-public company,14 or a person who materially supports, or is materially supported by, such 
an executive officer or director. 
For purposes of FINRA Rule 5131. the term 'public company" means any company that is registered under Section 12 of the 
Exchange Act or files periodic reports pursuant to Section 15(d) thereof. 
For purposes of FINRA Rule 5131. the term "covered non-public company" means any non-public company satisfying the 
following criteria: (i) income of at least SI million in the last fiscal year or in two of the last three fiscal years and 
shareholders' equity of at least S15 million: (ii) shareholders' equity of at least 430 million and a two-year operating history: 
or (iii) total assets and total revenue of at least $75 million in the latest fiscal year or in two of the last three fiscal years. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR ENTITIES 
EFTA00590555
--- PAGE 57 ---
If the Investor selected "True" to one or more of items (1)-(3) or (5)-(10) set forth in Part B of 
Section VI of this Questionnaire, the Investor may skip this Section ViI. Otherwise, the Investor should 
proceed to Pan A below. 
A. 
FINRA Rule 5131 Covered Persons 
Please initial either "True" or "False" to the following statement. If the Investor initials "True" to 
the following statement, it must complete Pan B below. If the Investor initials "False" to the following 
statement, it should skip Part B below. 
(True) 
(False) 
The Investor is a corporation, partnership or other entity (including any pooled 
investment vehicle) in which one or more covered persons has a beneficial interest. If 
this statement is applicable to the Investor, please provide the name of each public 
company or covered non-public company, as the case may be, on whose behalf any 
covered persons serve and the aggregate percentage ownership interests in the Investor 
that are held by covered persons of such company. is
Name of Each Company 
Aggregate Ownership Percentage 
(Please attach additional pages as necessary) 
13. 
De Minitnis Exemption 
If the Investor is a corporation, partnership or other entity or account (including any pooled 
investment vehicle) in which one or more covered persons has a beneficial interest, please initial either 
"True" or "False" to the following item. 
(True) 
(False) 
The beneficial interests of covered persons that serve on behalf of a particular public 
company or covered non-public company do not exceed in the aggregate 25% of the 
Investor. (Note: an Investor who limits the participation by covered persons that serve 
on behalf of a particular public company or covered non-public company to no more 
than 25% (in the aggregate) of the profits and losses of New Issues may initial "True" 
to this statement). 
* *
* * 
IS EXAMPLE. Assume the following: Beneficial Owner A serves as a director of Newco and owns 7% of the Investor; Beneficial 
Owner B serves as an executive officer of Newco and owns 9% of the Investor; Beneficial Owner B also serves as a director of 
Puke. 
Newco would be listed separately in the first column and the aggregate ownership of covered persons in respect of Newco would 
be 16%. Pubco would be listed separately in the first column and the aggregate ownership of covered persons in respect of 
Pubco would be 9%. 
QUESTIONNAIRE FOR ENTITIES 
EFTA00590556
--- PAGE 58 ---
EXHIBIT C 
IRS FORM W-9 
(Attached hereto) 
IRS FORM W-9 
EFTA00590557
--- PAGE 59 ---
EXHIBIT D 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING COMPLIANCE SUPPLEMENT 
To ensure compliance with statutory and other generally accepted principles relating to anti-
money laundering, the General Partner, the Administrator and certain of its respective affiliates and 
agents generally require certain information and written verification of identity ("And-Money 
Laundering Compliance Documents") from any person that submits completed subscription documents 
to the Fund prior to accepting such subscription. 
I. 
Payment Information 
A. 
Full Legal Name of Investor: 
B. 
Name of the bank from which the Capital Contributions and other payments to the Fund will be 
wired (the "Wiring Bank"): 
C. 
The Wiring Bank  
 (is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) located in an 
Approved Country (as such term is defined in "Subscription Procedures"). 
D. 
The Investor 
(is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) a customer of the Wiring 
Bank. 
E. 
The Investor  
 (is)  
 (is not) (please initial one) domiciled in an 
Approved Country. 
II. 
Anti-Money Laundering Compliance Documents 
Provide the applicable Anti-Money Laundering Compliance Documents set forth below: 
A. 
U.S. Investors 
(1) 
Individual and Joint (natural persons) 
• 
A copy of government issued photo identification (e.g., a driver's license or passport) 
of the Investor(s) and each authorized signatory thereof. 
(2) 
Corporations 
• 
The full legal name of each authorized signatory of the Investor. 
• 
A copy of Articles of Incorporation, Certificate of Good Standing or Government 
issued business license. 
(3) 
Limited Partnership or Limited Liability Company 
• 
The full legal name of each authorized signatory of the Investor. 
AML SUPPLEMENT 
EFTA00590558
--- PAGE 60 ---
• 
A copy of Partnership Agreement/Limited Liability Company Agreement, Certificate 
of Good Standing or government issued business license. 
(4) 
Trusts 
• 
The full legal name, physical address and mailing address (if different), date of birth, 
taxpayer identification number (social security number), telephone number and 
signature of each trustee, grantor and authorized signatory of a trust entity Investor. 
• 
List of all beneficiaries of the trust. 
• 
A copy of a government issued photo identification (e.g., a driver's license or 
passport) for each trustee, grantor/settlor and authorized signatory of a trust entity 
Investor. 
• 
A copy of each of the trust deed and trustee certification (usually included in the 
Trust deed). 
B. 
Non-U.S. Investors 
( I) 
Individual and Joint 
• 
A copy of an unexpired passport, photo driver's license, government issued photo ID 
or birth certificate. 
(2) 
Corporations 
• 
The full legal name, physical address and mailing address (if different), date of birth, 
taxpayer identification number (social security number), telephone number and 
signature of each authorized signatory. 
• 
A copy of an unexpired passport, photo driver's license, government issued photo ID 
or birth certificate for each authorized signatory. 
• 
A copy of Articles of Incorporation, Certificate of Incorporation (provide corporate 
resolutions as applicable), Corporate Resolution, Certificate of Good Standing, 
Banking Reference or three years of financial statements. 
(3) 
Limited Partnership or Limited Liability Company 
• 
The full legal name, physical address and mailing address (if different), date of birth, 
taxpayer identification number (social security number), telephone number and 
signature of each authorized signatory. 
• 
A copy of an unexpired passport, photo driver's license, government issued photo ID 
or birth certificate for each authorized signatory. 
AML SUPPLEMENT 
EFTA00590559
--- PAGE 61 ---
• 
A copy of Partnership Agreement/Limited Liability Company Agreement (provide 
partnership resolutions if applicable), articles of incorporation, Certificate of Good 
Standing or three years of financial statements or banking reference. 
(4) 
Financial Institution 
• 
The full legal name, physical address and mailing address (if different), date of birth, 
taxpayer identification number (social security number), telephone number and 
signature of each authorized signatory and each director or shareholder of a financial 
institution with more than 25% voting interest (subject to waiver in the discretion of 
the General Partner). 
• 
A copy of an unexpired passport, photo driver's license, government issued photo ID 
or birth certificate for each authorized signatory and each director or shareholder of a 
financial institution with more than 25% voting interest (subject to waiver in the 
discretion of the General Partner). 
• 
A copy of Regulatory Agency and registration number, three years of financial 
statements or articles of incorporation (provide corporate resolutions if applicable) 
AND Foreign Bank Certification Form, a copy of which is available from the 
General Partner upon request. 
(5) 
Trusts 
• 
The full legal name, physical address and mailing address (if different), date of birth, 
taxpayer identification number (social security number), telephone number and 
signature of each trustee, grantor and authorized signatory. 
• 
List of all beneficiaries of the trust. 
• 
A copy of an unexpired passport, photo driver's license, government issued photo ID 
or birth certificate for each trustee, grantor or authorized signatory. 
• 
A copy of the Trustee Certification and governing trust document. 
The General Partner and the Administrator reserve the right to request such additional 
documentation and/or information as may be necessary to verify the identity of any prospective investor 
or otherwise comply with applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Your subscription will 
not be deemed complete until all of the required documentation and/or information are received by the 
Fund and the Administrator. Subscriptions also may be rejected by the General Partner or the 
Administrator if the remitting bank or financial institution is unknown to the General Partner or the 
Administrator. If you have any questions regarding the foregoing, please contact Adam a Wyden at 
AML SUPPLEMENT 
EFTA00590560
--- PAGE 62 ---
EXHIBIT E 
ADW CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Privacy Notice 
We are committed to keeping the personal information collected from our potential, current and 
former investors confidential and secure. The proper handling of personal information is one of our 
highest priorities. We want to be sure that you know why we need to collect personal information from 
you. We also want to explain to you our commitment to protect the information you provide to us. We 
never sell your information to any outside parties. 
Investor Information 
We collect and keep only information that is necessary for us to evaluate your eligibility to invest 
in one or more of our funds and provide other activities in connection with your investment in the fund. 
We may collect non-public personal information: 
• 
From you when you complete subscription documents, data gathering forms or other 
forms. This includes information such as name, address, social security number, assets, 
income, net worth, copies of financial documents and other information deemed 
necessary to evaluate your eligibility to invest in one or more of our funds or as is 
required by law. 
• 
As a result of transactions with us, our affiliates or others. 
This could include 
transactions completed with us, information received from outside vendors to complete 
transactions or to effect financial goals. 
Sharing Information 
We only share your non-public personal information with non-affiliated companies or individuals 
as permitted by law, such as your representative within our firm, affiliated securities firm, third party 
service providers and other product vendors, or to comply with legal or regulatory requirements. With 
your approval, we also may share information with your advisors, which can include your accountant 
and/or attorney. In the normal course of our business, we may disclose information we collect about you 
to unaffiliated companies or individuals that contract with us to perform servicing functions such as: 
• 
Record keeping; 
• 
Computer related services; and/or 
• 
Good faith disclosure to regulators who have regulatory authority over the company. 
Companies we hire to provide support services are not allowed to use your personal information 
for their own purposes and are contractually obligated to maintain strict confidentiality. We limit their use 
of your personal information to the performance of the specific service we have requested. 
We do not provide your personally identifiable information to mailing list vendors or solicitors 
for any purpose. 
When we provide personal information to a service provider, we require these providers to agree 
to safeguard your information, to use the information only for the intended purpose, and to abide by 
applicable law. 
PRIVACY NOTICE 
EFTA00590561
--- PAGE 63 ---
Employee Access to Information 
Only employees with a valid business reason have access to your personal information. These 
employees are educated on the importance of maintaining the confidentiality and security of this 
information. They are required to abide by our information handling practices. 
Protection of Information 
We maintain security standards to protect your information, whether written, spoken or 
electronic. We update and test our systems to ensure the protection and integrity of information. 
Maintaining Accurate Information 
Our goal is to maintain accurate, up-to-date investor records in accordance with industry 
standards. When you or any other investor provide us with updated information, we will endeavor to 
update our records as soon as possible. We do not, however, have a duty to inquire as to changes in the 
information you provide to us. 
E-Mail 
Should you send us your questions and comments via e-mail, we will share your correspondence 
with those employees or agents most capable of addressing your questions and concerns. We will retain 
your communication until we have done our very best to provide you with a complete and satisfactory 
response. Ultimately, we will either discard your communication or archive it according to the 
requirements under applicable securities laws. 
Please note that, unless we expressly advise you otherwise, the Fund's and the General Partner's 
e-mail facilities do not provide a means for completely secure and private communications between the 
Fund and the General Partner and yourself. Although every attempt will be made to keep your 
information confidential, from a technical standpoint, there is still a risk. For that reason, please do not 
use e-mail to communicate information to us that you consider to be confidential. If you wish, you may 
contact us instead via telephone. Additional security is available to you if you equip your intemet browser 
with 128-bit secure socket layer encryption, which provides more secure transmissions. 
Disclosure of our Privacy Policy 
We recognize and respect the privacy concerns of our potential, current and former investors. We 
are committed to safeguarding this information. As a member of the financial services industry, we are 
sending you this Notice of Privacy Policy for informational purposes and will update and distribute it as 
required by law. It is also available to you upon request. 
***************************** 
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact Adam D. Wyden at 
MI , because your privacy and the confidentiality of your information are very important to 
us. 
PRIVACY NOTICE 
EFTA00590562
--- PAGE 64 ---
EXHIBIT F 
ADDITIONAL SUBSCRIPTION FORM 
DATE: 
To: 
ADW Capital Partners, L.P. 
do ADW Ca ital Mana ement, LLC 
ATTN: Adam D. Wyden 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Dear Sir or Madam: 
The undersigned investor (the "Investor") in ADW Capital Partners, L.P. (the "Fund") hereby subscribes 
for and agrees to purchase an additional limited partnership interest ("Interests) in the Fund and, in 
connection therewith, agrees to make an additional capital contribution ("Additional Capital 
Contribution-) to the Fund in the amount set forth below (or such lesser amount determined by ADW 
Capital Management, LLC, the general partner of the Fund (the "General Partner")). 
The amount of the Additional Capital Contribution is: $ 
The requested effective date of the Additional Capital Contribution is the first day of: 
(month) 
(year). 
The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the terms and conditions contained in the Subscription 
Agreement, dated  
previously executed by the Investor and accepted by the 
General Partner, as the same may be updated or amended from time to time (the "Subscription 
Agreement"), shall be incorporated herein by reference for all purposes of this Additional Capital 
Contribution. In addition, the Investor represents, warrants and certifies that the representations, 
warranties, certifications and agreements contained in the Subscription Agreement and in the Confidential 
Investor Questionnaire previously executed by the Investor in connection with the Subscription 
Agreement, as the same may be updated or amended from time to time, are true, correct and complete in 
all respects on and as of the date first set forth above as if made on the date hereof. The Investor agrees to 
notify the General Partner immediately in writing if any of such representations or warranties is or ever is 
about to become or ever becomes untrue or incorrect in any respect. 
Unless otherwise agreed by the General Partner, the Investor must pay the full amount of the Additional 
Capital Contribution by delivering cash payment in U.S. dollars by fed wire transfer of immediately 
available funds to the Fund's account no later than one (1) business day prior to the applicable closing 
date (whether or not a business day). The Investor should pay the Additional Capital Contribution amount 
using the wiring instructions set forth below (or as otherwise directed by the General Partner): 
JP MORGAN CHASE 
Chase Manhattan Bank - I Chase Manhattan Plaza New York, NY 
ABA # 
Account Name: Goldman Sachs Execution & Clearing, 
(GSEC) 
ADDITIONAL SUBSCRIPTION FORM 
EFTA00590563
--- PAGE 65 ---
Account Number: 
For Further Credit to: ADW Capital Partners,.. 
Account Number: 
IMPORTANT: 
I. 
Please have your financial institution identify your name on the wire transfer. 
2. 
We recommend that your financial institution charge its wiring fees separately so that the 
amount you have elected to invest may be invested. 
3. 
Please call Adam D. Wyden at 
wire. 
to confirm the date and the amount of the 
You must wire the payment from an account in your name. If you are not wiring your payment from a 
bank located in an "Approved Country," you must contact the Fund for further instructions prior to wiring 
your payment, which may result in a delay in your subscription. 
THE INVESTOR AGREES TO NOTIFY THE GENERAL PARTNER PROMPTLY SHOULD 
THERE BE ANY CHANGE IN ANY OF THE FOREGOING INFORMATION. 
(Signature Page Follows) 
ADDITIONAL SUBSCRIPTION FORM 
EFTA00590564
--- PAGE 66 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Investor executes and unconditionally delivers this Additional 
Subscription Form on and as of the date first written above. 
For Corporations, Partnerships, Trusts, Limited 
For Individuals: 
Liability Companies, Pension Plans or IRAS, 
Other Entity (s): 
(Print Name of Entity) 
(Signature) 
By: 
Print: 
(Signature) 
Print Name: 
Title: 
Phone 4t. 
Phone 4t. 
Fax #: 
Fax #: 
E-Mail: 
E-Mail: 
FOR INTERNAL USE ONLY: 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Investor's offer to subscribe is hereby accepted K IN FULL or K 
by the General Partner on behalf of the Fund. 
ADW CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
ADDITIONAL SUBSCRIPTION FORM 
EFTA00590565
--- PAGE 67 ---
EXHIBIT C 
REQUEST FOR WITHDRAWAL FORM 
Dated:  
To: 
ADW Capital Partners, L.P. 
do ADW Capital Management, LLC 
1133 Broadway Suite 719 
New York, NY 10010 
ATTN: Adam D. Wyden 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Dear Sir or Madam: 
The undersigned limited partner (the "Limited Partner") of ADW Capital Partners, L.P. (the "Fund") 
hereby requests that the Fund withdraw from the Limited Partner's capital account in the Fund (the 
"Capital Account') and pay the following amount to the Limited Partner as directed below: 
(please initial one of the following) 
the entire balance of the Limited Partner's Capital Account 
on the next available withdrawal date (the "Withdrawal Date") following receipt of this Request for 
Withdrawal. The Limited Partner acknowledges and agrees that this Request for Withdrawal is subject to 
all the terms and conditions set forth in the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of 
the Fund, as amended. This Request for Withdrawal must be received at least ninety (90) days prior to a 
Withdrawal Date. 
Please provide instructions for the account to which the cash proceeds of the withdrawal may be sent by 
wire transfer: 
Name of Bank 
Address of Bank 
ABA Number 
Account Number 
Name Under Which Account Is Held 
NOTE: Withdrawal proceeds shall be paid to the same account from which the Investor's investment in 
the Fund was originally remitted, unless ADW Capital Management, LLC, in its sole discretion, agrees 
otherwise. 
REQUEST FOR WITHDRAWAL FORM 
EFTA00590566
--- PAGE 68 ---
Very truly yours, 
Signature of Limited Partner 
(Print name) 
Mailing Address 
REQUEST FOR WITHDRAWAL FORM 
EFTA00590567
--- PAGE 69 ---
EXHIBIT H 
DEFINITION OF "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" 
For purposes of the Confidential Investor Questionnaire, the term "qualified purchaser has the 
meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 
"Company Act"), and includes the following categories of persons, among others: 
(i) 
a natural person who owns (either individually or jointly with his/her spouse) not less than 
$5,000,000 in investments'; 
(ii) 
a natural person who is a knowledgeable employee2 with respect to the General Partner and the 
Fund, as such term is defined in Rule 3c-5 under the Company Act; 
(iii) 
a mist (a) that was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring an Interest; (b) in which each 
trustee (or authorized person) that is authorized and required to make investment decisions with 
respect to the trust is a qualified purchaser; (c) in which each grantor (Le., settlor) or other person 
who has contributed assets to the trust was a qualified purchaser at any time such person 
contributed assets to the trust; 
(iv) 
an entity or trust that (a) was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring an Interest; 
(b) owns not less than $5,000,000 in Investments; and (c) is owned directly or indirectly by or 
for: (i) two or more natural persons who are related as siblings or spouses (including former 
spouses), or direct lineal descendants by birth or adoption; (ii) spouses of such persons; (iii) the 
estates of such persons; or (iv) foundations, Section 501(c)(3) organizations or mists established 
by or for the benefit of such persons; 
The term "Investments" means any or all: (i) securities (as defined in the Securities Act). except for securities of issuers 
controlled by the Investor ("Control Securities"). unless (A) the issuer of the Control Securities is itself a registered or private 
investment company or is exempted from the definition of investment company by Rule 3a-6 or Rule 3a-7 under the Company 
Act. (B) the Control Securities represent securities of an issuer that files reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Exchange Act. (C) the issuer of the Control Securities has a class of securities listed on a designated offshore securities market 
under Regulation S under the Securities Act, or (D) the issuer of the Control Securities is a private company with Limited 
Partners' equity not less than $50 million determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, as reflected 
in the company's most recent financial statements (provided such financial statements were issued within 16 months of the 
date of Investor's purchase of Interests): (ii) futures contracts or options thereon held for investment purposes: (iii) physical 
commodities held for investment purposes: (iv) swaps and other similar financial contracts entered into for investment 
purposes.. (v) real estate held for investment purposes: and (vi) cash and cash equivalents held for investment purposes. 
Note: In determining whether the $5 million or $25 million thresholds, as applicable. are met, Investments can be valued at cost 
or fair market value as of a recent date. However, commodity interests should be valued based on either the initial margin or 
the option premium deposited in connection with such commodity interests. If Investments have been acquired with 
indebtedness, the amount of the indebtedness must be deducted in determining whether the threshold has been met. 
If the Investor is unsure if some of its assets constitute Investments, such assets should be excluded or the Investor should consult 
its tax and legal advisors for further clarification. 
The term "knowledgeable employee" means (i) an executive officer, director, trustee, general partner, advisory board member. 
or person serving in similar capacity. of the Fund or the General Partner: or (ii) an employee of the Fund or the General 
Partner (other than an employee performing solely clerical, secretarial or administrative functions with regard to the Fund or 
its investments) who, in connection with hisTher regular duties or functions, participates in the investment activities of the 
Fund or any other private investment funds the investment activities of which are managed by the General Partner: provided 
that such employee has been performing such functions and duties for or on behalf of the Fund or the General Partner (or 
substantially similar duties or functions for or on behalf of another company) for at least 12 months. 
DEFINITION OF "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" 
EFTA00590568
--- PAGE 70 ---
(v) 
an entity or trust that (a) was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring an Interest; and 
(b) is an entity or trust, acting for its own account or the accounts of other qualified purchasers, 
which in the aggregate owns and invests on a discretionary basis, not less than $25,000,000 in 
Investments; 
(vi) 
a charitable corporation3 (a) that was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring an Interest; 
and (b) as to which each person authorized and required to make investment decisions with 
respect to the Investor, and each person that has contributed assets to the Investor, is a qualified 
purchaser; 
(vii) 
an individual retirement account, Keogh Plan or other self-directed defined contribution plan in 
which a participant may exercise control over the investment of assets credited to his or her 
account, and the investing participant is a qualified purchaser; and 
(viii) 
an entity in which each beneficial owner of the entity's equity interests is a qualified purchaser. 
As used herein. "charitable corporation" means any charitable foundation that (i) qualifies for tax-exempt status under Section 
501(c)(3) of the Code and (ii) is formed as a non-profit. non-stock corporation. 
DEFINITION OF "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" 
EFTA00590569

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590570.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590570.pdf
----------------------------------------
Black Family Partners, L.P. 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 
WHEREAS, the undersigned, Leon D. Black, as Trustee of the APOI 
GRAT No. 2 (the "Assignor") under Agreement dated December 4, 2013 (the 
"Agreement"), owns a limited partnership interest (the "Partnership Interest") in Black 
Family Partners, L.P. (the "Partnership"); 
WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.1 of the Partnership's Agreement of 
Limited Partnership dated May 17, 2007, as amended (the "Partnership Agreement"), a 
partner may assign, exchange, transfer or otherwise dispose of such partner's interest at any 
time, without the prior written consent of any other partner, provided however that the 
transferee of such interest shall become a partner and a substituted limited partner of the 
Partnership only with the written consent of Black Family GP, LLC, the general partner 
(the "General Partner") of the Partnership and upon such transferee's assumption of the 
terms and conditions of the Partnership Agreement; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Assignor is 
required to pay to Leon D. Black (the "Assignee") the Annuity Amount (as defined in 
paragraph 3 below) as of the date hereof; 
WHEREAS, in partial satisfaction of the Annuity Amount, the Assignor has 
paid to Leon D. Black the Cash Distribution (as defined in paragraph 3 below); and 
WHEREAS, the Assignor wishes to assign such portion of the Partnership 
Interest as shall equal the In-Kind Annuity Amount (as defined in paragraph 3 below) 
together with the corresponding portion of the Assignor's capital account pertaining thereto 
(the "In-Kind Annuity Interest"), to the Assignee. 
NOW THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 
1. 
The Assignor hereby irrevocably assigns to the Assignee the In-Kind 
Annuity Interest. 
2. 
The Assignee hereby acknowledges receipt of the In-Kind Annuity Interest, 
accepts the same and agrees to be bound by all the terms and conditions of the Partnership 
Agreement, with the same force and effect as, and as if, the Assignee was originally a 
partner thereof 
3. 
For all purposes hereunder: 
a. 
(i) 
The words "Annuity Amount" shall mean an amount equal to 
55.81688% of the Funding Amount (as defined in this paragraph 3), as divided by four (4). 
(ii) 
The words "Funding Amount" shall mean an amount equal to 
the fair market value of a 34.53% limited partnership interest in the Partnership as of 
December 4, 2013, as determined by Empire Valuation Consultants. 
EFTA00590570
--- PAGE 2 ---
b. 
The words "Cash Distribution" shall mean the sum of Six Million 
Four Hundred Eighty-Two Thousand Dollars ($6,482,000). 
c. 
The words "In-Kind Annuity Amount" shall mean an amount equal 
to the Annuity Amount reduced by the Cash Distribution. 
4. 
The Assignee is entitled to share in distributions from the Partnership in 
respect of the In-Kind Annuity Interest commencing as of the date hereof. 
5. 
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, 
without giving effect to the choice of law provisions thereof, and shall be binding upon the 
undersigned, their heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereby execute this Assignment and 
Assumption Agreement as of the 3rd day of September, 2015. 
APOI GRAT No. 2, Assignor 
By:  
g-Li 
Leon D. Black, Trustee 
Leon D. Black, Assignee 
The Manager, on behalf of Black Family GP, LLC, the General Partner of Black Family 
Partners, L.P., hereby consents to the admission of Leon D. Black as a partner of the 
Partnership and recognizes Leon D. Black as a substituted limited partner with respect to 
the In-Kind Annuity Interest as of the date of this Assignment and Assumption Agreement. 
Black Family GP, LLC, General Partner 
- 
511/ 
By: 
Leon 17. Black, Manager 
Assignment from APOI GRAT No. 2 to Leon D. Black 
EFTA00590571

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590572.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590572.pdf
----------------------------------------
TAX MATRIX 
DRAFT 3/30/2016 
DRAFT 3/30/2016 
TAX STATUS 
CORP - S 
CORP - S 
CORP - S 
CORP - S 
PARTNERSHIP 
PARTNERSHIP 
CORPORATION 
PARTNERSHIP 
GRANTOR TRUST 
GRANTOR TRUST 
GRANTOR TRUST 
GRANTOR TRUST 
GRANTOR TRUST 
GRANTOR TRUST 
GRANTOR TRUST 
GRANTOR TRUST 
GRANTOR TRUST 
GRANTOR TRUST 
PARTNERSHIP 
DISREGARDED ENTITY 
PARTNERSHIP 
DISREGARDED ENTITY 
PARTNERSHIP 
FOUNDATION 
FOUNDATION 
INDIVIDUAL 
INDIVIDUAL 
INDIVIDUAL 
INDIVIDUAL 
INDIVIDUAL 
INDIVIDUAL 
INDIVIDUAL 
NAME OF ENTITY 
AIF IV MANAGEMENT INC. 
DRB PRODUCTIONS, INC 
PENT HOLDINGS, INC. 
NARROWS INC 
AVIONETA HOLDINGS LLC 
BJAV MARINE LTD 
BJAV MARINE LTD 
FRIENDS VENTURES LLC 
APO1 AGREEMENT 
APO1 AGREEMENT 
APO2 DECLARATION 
APO2 DECLARATION 
ASB 2011 TRUST 
VRB 2011 TRUST 
1MB 2011 TRUST 
BEB 2011 TRUST 
APO-01 DECLARATION 
THE PUBLISHING TRUST 
NOEL CALB LLC 
NOEL CALB LLC 
PHAIDON LLC 
PHAIDON LLC 
DDC1 LLC 
LDB FOUNDATION 
LEON BLACK FAMILY FOUNDATION INC. 
LEON & DEBRA BLACK 
LEON & DEBRA BLACK 
LEON BLACK 
BEN BLACK 
JOSH BLACK 
ALEX BLACK 
VICTORIA BLACK 
1/1/ - 9/10/15 
POST 9/10/15 
GT DISC 
USE TAX 
GT DISC 
USE TAX 
GT DISC 
GT DISC 
GT DISC 
GT DISC 
GT DISC 
GT DISC 
12/14 - 12/31 
PRE- 12/14/15 
POST SALE 
PRE SALE 
PROJECTION 
USE TAX 
GIFT TAX 
3/15/2016 
EXTENSION 
AIF IV MANAGEMENT INC. 
DRB PRODUCTIONS, INC 
PENT HOLDINGS, INC. 
NARROWS INC 
NO US RETURN REQUIRED 
PREPARED BY US TRUST 
PREPARED BY US TRUST 
PREPARED BY US TRUST 
PREPARED BY US TRUST 
-
•
3/31/2016 
RET PRE'D 
RET PRE'D - SIGNOFF NEEDED 
RET 
INFO TO 7 
TT TO COMPLETE 
INFO TO 7 
IT-135 TO TT 
INFO TO 7 
IT-135 TO TT 
INFO TO TT 
INFO TO 7 
RET 
DISREGARDED ENTITY a, 
DISREGARDED ENTITY 
TT TO COMPLETE 
INFO TO TT 
INFO TO TT 
INFO TO TT 
INFO TO TT 
4/4/2016 
TT TO COMPLETE 1041 
TO COMPLETE ST 140 
TO COMPLETE 1041 
TO COMPLETE ST 140 
TO COMPLETE 1041 
TO COMPLETE 1041 
RETURN AVAIL FOR REV 
4/5/2016 
4/8/2016 
TT TO COMPLETE 
RETURN AVAIL FOR REV 
RETURN AVAIL FRO REV 
RETURN AVAIL FOR REV 
RETURN AVAIL FOR REV 
RETURN AVAIL FOR REV 
RETURN AVAIL FOR REV.
APOLLO GIVE # 
TT TO COMPLETE 
TO COMPLETE 
TO COMPLETE 
TO COMPLETE 
Page 1 of 2 
EFTA00590572
--- PAGE 2 ---
TAX MATRIX 
DRAFT 3/30/2016 
4/11/2016 
4/15/2016 
EXTENSION 
AVIONETA HOLDINGS LLC 
PHAIDON LLC 
PROJ TO AD 
LEON & DEBRA BLACK 
PAY W/ EXTEN 
LEON BLACK 
RETURN AVAIL FOR REV 
RETURN AVAIL FOR REV 
RETURN AVAIL FOR REV 
RETURN AVAIL FOR REV 
4/15/2016 
RETURN FILED 
AIF IV MANAGEMENT INC. 
PENT HOLDINGS, INC. 
BJAV MARINE LTD 
FRIENDS VENTURES LLC 
APO1 AGREEMENT 
APO1 AGREEMENT 
APO2 DECLARATION 
APO2 DECLARATION 
ASB 2011 TRUST 
VRB 2011 TRUST 
1MB 2011 TRUST 
BEB 2011 TRUST 
APO-01 DECLARATION 
THE PUBLISHING TRUST 
DDC1 LLC 
5/15/2016 
EXTEN 
5/15/2016 
RETURN FILED 
DRB PRODUCTIONS, INC 
NARROWS INC 
NOEL CALB LLC 
COMMENTS 
READY FOR JEE REVIEW 
NEED THIRD PARTY K-1'S 
JC TO SIGN OFF 
AWAIT FINAL VALUATION 
EXPENSE ALLOCATION 91/ 135 OPEN 
TOM WISHES TO COMPLETE POST 4/15 
AWAIT FINAL VALUATION - CHRISTIE'S 
ROSENBERG ASKED TO EXTEND 
DETERMINE IF RETURN 
LDB FOUNDATION 
LEON BLACK FAMILY FOUNDATION INC. 
MISSING 1099-MISC, K-1 
MISSING 1099-MISC, K-1 
MISSING W-2 
Page 2 of 2 
EFTA00590573

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590574.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590574.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 93 Filed 04/11/16 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
X 
VIRGINIA L. GIUFFRE, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
X 
15-cv-07433-RWS 
Declaration Of Laura A. Menninger In Further Support Of Motion To Compel 
Responses to Defendant's First Set of Discovery Requests to Plaintiff 
I, Laura A. Menninger, declare as follows: 
1. I am an attorney at law duly licensed in the State of New York and admitted to 
practice in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. I am a 
member of the law firm Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C., counsel of record for Defendant 
Ghislaine Maxwell ("Maxwell") in this action. I respectfully submit this declaration in 
support of Defendant's Reply In Support of Motion to Compel Responses to Defendant's 
First Set of Discovery Requests to Plaintiff. 
2. On April 5, 2016, I spoke by telephone with Assistant United States Attorney 
Marie Villafana, counsel of record in Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 v. United States, #08-
80736-CIV, pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, 
otherwise known as the Crime Victims Rights Act case. 
3. Ms. Villafana advised me that her office is not conducting any criminal 
investigation of Ms. Ghislaine Maxwell. She also advised me that she is unaware of any law 
EFTA00590574
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 93 Filed 04/11/16 Page 2 of 2 
enforcement agency who is conducting an active criminal investigation of Ghislaine 
Maxwell. 
4. Attached as Exhibit D is a true and correct copy of pages 1, 16 and 17 from 
Plaintiff's Revised Disclosure Pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 26. 
By: Is/Laura A. Menninger 
Laura A. Menninger 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that on April 11, 2016, I electronically served this DECLARATION OF LAURA 
A. MENNINGER IN FURTHER SUPPORT OF MOTION TO COMPEL RESPONSES TO 
DEFENDANT'S FIRST SET OF DISCOVERY REQUESTS TO PLAINTIFF via ECF on the 
following: 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
BOIES, $CHILLER & FLEXNER, LLP 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Ste. 1200 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33301 
/s/ Nicole Simmons 
Nicole Simmons 
EFTA00590575
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 93-1 Filed 04/11116 Page 1 of 4 
EXHIBIT D 
EFTA00590576
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 93-1 Filed 04/11/16 Page 2 of 4 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
Virginia L. Giuffre, 
Plaintiff, 
Case No.: I 5-cv-07433-RWS 
v. 
Ghislainc Maxwell, 
Defendant. 
PLAINTIFF, VIRGINIA GIUFFRE'S REVISED DISCLOSURE 
PURSUANT TO FED. R. CIV. P. 26 
COMES NOW the Plaintiff, Virginia L. Giuffre, by and through her undersigned counsel, 
and serves this revised disclosure pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 26 and states as follows: 
A. 
Witnesses:
I. 
Virginia L. Giuffre 
cio Sigrid S. McCawley, Esq. 
Boies, Schiller & Flexner LLP 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1200 
Miami, Florida 33301 
Tel: (954) 356-0011 
Email: smecawlev®bsflIv.com 
Plaintiff- information regarding Defendant, Ghislainc Maxwell's conduct that is 
the subject of this action 
2. 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
c/o Laura A. Menninger, Esq. 
HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN, P.C. 
150 East I 0lh Avenue 
Denver, Colorado 80203 
Tel: (303) 831-7364 
Email: Imenninger©hmflaw.com 
Defendant in this action. 
EFTA00590577
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 93-1 Filed 04/11/16 Page 3 of 4 
iii. 
Giuffre needs continuing care as a result of the harm she has suffered. 
Ms. Giuffre was born August 9, 1983 and was 31.4 years old at the 
beginning of 2015 when the alleged harm occurred. The average 
remaining life expectancy for a 31 year old female is 51.1 years. 
iv. 
Based on a remaining life expectancy of 51.1 years, annual healthcare 
cost growth of 3.3% and a discount rate of 2.7%, the present value of 
expected treatment costs is $102,200 as of I/1/2015. 
b. 
Supporting Evidence: 
i. 
Ms. Giuffre is in the process of collecting records front her physicians 
ii. 
Ms. Giuffre's testimony 
iii. 
Ms. Giuffre is in the process of retaining an expert to calculate 
damages, and will provide further information through expert 
disclosure. 
2. 
Past, present and future pain and suffering, mental anguish, humiliation, 
embarrassment, loss of self-esteem, loss of standing in the community, loss of 
dignity and invasion of privacy in her public and private life not less than 
$30,000,000.00. 
a. 
Computation Analysis 
i. 
Under New York law, defamation per se as alleged in this case 
presumes damages and special damages do not need to be plead and 
proven. See Celle v. Filipino Reporter Enterprises Inc., 209 F.3d 163, 
179 (2nd Cir. 2000) (Second Circuit holding that '[i]f a statement is 
defamatory per se, injury is assumed. In such a case 'even where the 
plaintiff can show no actual damages at all, a plaintiff who has 
otherwise shown defamation may recover at least nominal damages' 
and the Second Circuit also confirmed an award of punitive 
damages). Ms. Giuffre has been severely damaged by the defamation 
of the defendant, by calling her claims of sexual abuse "obvious lies". 
The defamation caused Ms. Giuffre to re-live the sexual abuse she 
previously endured. Ms. Giuffre has suffered and continues to suffer 
from the pain, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of 
self-esteem, loss of standing in the community, loss of dignity and 
invasion of privacy in her public and private life. The computation of 
this amount is in the province of the jury but Ms. Giuffre contends, 
including but not limited to, awards in other similar matters, that the 
EFTA00590578
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 93-1 Filed 04/11/16 Page 4 of 4 
amount is not less than $30,000,000.00. Ms. Giuffre is in the process 
of retaining an expert, and will provide further information through 
expert disclosure. 
b. 
Supporting Evidence 
i. 
Ms. Giuffre's testimony 
ii. 
Witness testimony 
iii. 
Awards in similar matters 
iv. 
Ms. Giuffre is in the process of retaining an expert, and will provide 
fluffier information through expert disclosure. 
3. 
Estimated lost income of $180,000 annually. Present value of $3,461,000 to 
$5,407,000. 
a. 
Computation Analysis 
i. 
Ms. Giuffre's estimated compensation capacity is $180,000 annually. 
Ms. Giuffre was born August 9, 1983 and was 31.4 years old at the 
beginning of 2015 when the alleged injury occurred. Her expected 
remaining work life based on mortality and probability of continued 
work was 20.2 years. Based on these factors, a 2% annual growth rate 
and a 2.4% discount rate, the present value of lost compensation is 
$3,461,000 as of 1/1/2015. 
ii. 
Alternatively, if Ms. Giuffre is assumed to work until a normal 
retirement age of 65, or 33.6 years from her age at the beginning of 
2015, and based on an annual growth rate of 2.0% and a discount rate 
of 2.7%, the present value of lost compensation is $5,407,000 as of 
1/1/2015. 
b. 
Supporting Evidence 
Materials regarding compensation and work life expectancy 
I) 
2010 Life Table for Females, National Vital Statistics Report, 
November 6, 2014, U.S. Department of Health & Human 
Services, Centers for Disease Control & Prevention, National 
Center for Health Statistics. 
EFTA00590579

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590580.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590580.pdf
----------------------------------------
OnPointsm 
GE's business jet maintenance solution for CFM56 & CF34 engines 
For nearly 10 years, GE's business and general aviation customers have enjoyed 
the peace of mind and simplicity of managing engine service with OnPoint. This 
flight hour program provides predictable maintenance costs and access to GE's 
world class service network. 
The aviation industry has recognized the enhanced asset value protection that 
OnPoint's comprehensive service provides, worth as much as $2 million 
according to Aircraft Bluebook. Aircraft buyers and sellers appreciate that the 
program is transferable at no cost. 
As the #1 rated* turbine engine product support provider, our goal is to earn 
confidence from our customers with every encounter. 
OnPoint coverage: 
Contact for more information: 
Logistics, technical and program support 
 
Technical publications 
 
Training 
 
Maintenance reviews 
 
AOG technical logistics support 
 
LRU support (loaner/exchange) 
 
Diagnostics/digital solution 
 
Covered Engine shop visit 
 
Engine shop visit (ESV) 
 
Engine removal and re-installation (R&R) 
 
Loaner engine 
 
Line maintenance parts and labor 
 
UER/SV - wear and tear 
 
SB/AD Coverage 
 
4-way transportation shipping cost 
 
LLP coverage repair replace 
 
Steve McManus 
E 
Covered Engine SV includes: 
• 
Engine Removal 
• 
Loaner Engines 
• 
SB's category 1- 6 
• 
All labor 
• 
Rotable exchange 
• 
Component repair 
• 
Test cell coverage 
• 
Transportation, 4 way 
• 
Reinstallation 
*Ranked #1 by readers of AIN (2016) and Pro Pilot (2015). 
Pro Pilot 2016 results are yet to be announced. 
EFTA00590580

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590581.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590581.pdf
----------------------------------------
BLACK 
SREBNICK 
KORNSPAN 
STUMPF 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS B-3 
ST THOMAS 00802 
US VIRGIN ISLANDS 
11/08/2016 
PREVIOUS BALANCE 
PAYMENT DEPOSIT NO 3336 
TOTAL AMOUNT DUE FOR PAYMENT 
11/08/2016 
11/08/2016 
• 
Your Trust Account #2 Balance is 
OPENING BALANCE 
DEPOSIT NO 1294 
Transfer towards fees 
PAYEE: Black, Srebnick, Kornspan & 
CLOSING BALANCE 
Telephone: 
Tax ID Number: 
Statement Date: 
Statement No. 
Account No. 
11= 
12/07/2016 
S0.00 
195.00 
-195.00
$0.00 
201 S. BISCAYNE BOULEVARD 
SUITE 1300 
MIAMI, FL 33131 
Page 1
5195.00 
-195.00 
$0.00 
EFTA00590581

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590582.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590582.pdf
----------------------------------------
cv 
galerie tamenaga 
PARIS - TOKYO - OSAKA 
Paris, le 10 avril 2015 /Paris, 10 April 2015 
Mr. Jeff Epstein 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
Saint Thomas, USV1 00802 
USA 
do Mrs. de Brignac 
FACTURE provisoire N° FV 15-BC67 
invoke OF PURCHASE No FV 15-EtC67 
Un tableau de / One painting by: Takebiko SUGAWARA 
NUMERO Numero: BC 67 
TITRE / Title: a Secchubai » 
DIMENSIONS Dimension: 90,9 x 116,7 cm / 35.78 x45.94 inches 
PRIX H.T./ Price with no tax:  
11.500 Euros 
ONZE MILLE CINQ CENTS EUROS / Eleven thousand live hundred Euros. 
Marchandises H.T. — ceuvre(s) exportee(s) / Pieces of art with no tax — for export 
Valeur FOB / FOB value 
A Regler par virement bancaire /To be paid by wire transfer: 11.500 Euros 
BANK DETAILS / IBAN of: 
Galerie Tamenaga France, S.A. 
18, avenue Matignon 
75008 Paris 
France 
B.N.P PARIBAS 
Centre d'affaires : Elyste Haussmann Entreprises (00804) 
R.I.B. : 
Code IBAN : 
Bank Identifier Code : 
18, avenue Matignon 75008 Paris - 
: 
• A 
Art IAI I 2; 'not K 
Pax: 01 47 42 99 14 
( : • kit 
,ti .•.. 1 VA III H.rieNi2s.itri 
EFTA00590582

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590583.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590583.pdf
----------------------------------------
BLACK FAMILY GROUP 
LIOUIDITY TERMS - HEDGE FUNDS 
SEPT 30 2014 
Investor 
Investment 
Frequency 
Liquidity Terms 
Notice 
Limit 
Subject to 
Lock-Up 
9/30/2014 Cap 
Account 
NON-APOLLO 
BFP LP 
Anchorage Capilal Partners, L.P. 
Annually (Anniversary: 6130) 
days None 
No 
17,982.797 
APO2 
Buckingham RAF Partners. L.P. 
Annually (Calendar) 
days None 
No 
11,863.546 
BFP LP 
Canyon Value Realization Fund. L.P. 
Annually (Calendar) 
days None 
No 
19,078.765 
BFP LP 
Lone Cascade. L.P. 
Quarterly (Calendar) 
days None 
No 
34,773.697 
BFP LP 
Millennium Group USA LP 
Quarterly (Calendar) 
days Greater of 17.5% or 5150M 
No 
25,304.226 
APOLLO 
BFP LP 
Apollo SOMA Co-Investors. LLC 
Annually (Anniversary: 3/1/07) 
days payable over 4 qtrs 
3,148,095 
BFP LP 
Apollo VIF Co-Investors. LLC 
Quarterly (Calendar) 
days 
8,134,348 
EFTA00590583

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590584.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590584.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 !NC 08-03-69 
PhCellbt. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas Cam Collect 
Agent ID. J4 
INVOICE 
Generated: January 6.2014 02:18 PM 
Page 1 of 3 
TICKET INFORMATION: EPSTEIN/JEFFREY EDWARD 
CHARGES 
Total charged to American Express 
17,014.10 
Mine Name: 
AIR FRANCE 
Ticket Date: 
1/6/2014 
Ticket Base Fare: 
15.977.00 
Ticket Number: 
7371966497 
Invoice: 
0462768 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees: 
1.037.10 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
17.014.10 
CHARGES 
TICKET INFORMATION: 
Total charged to American Express 
1,037.10 
Adele Name: 
AIR FRANCE 
Ticket Date: 
1/6/2014 
Ticket Base Fare: 
0.00 
Ticket Number: 
7371966498 
Invoice: 
0462768 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees: 
1.037.10 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
1.037.10 
Travel Details: 
Tuesday January 28, 2014 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES-VALID PASSPORT FOR AT LEAST 6 MONTHS AFTER THE RETURN DATE 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
A VISA IS REQUIRED FOR ENTRY INTO FRENCH VISA FOR RUSSIAN PASSPORTS IS REQUIRED 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION- PASSPORT MUST BE VALID FOR AT LEAST 6 MONTHS RETURN DATE 
THE BAGGAGE FEES/RULES OF AIR FRANCE/AIR FRANCE APPLY TO THIS ITINERARY AND MAY BE ACCESSED BY VISITING 
WWW.AEAIRWEB.COM/MYTRAVELARRANGEMENTS/AIRLINEBAGGAGEPOLICIES.JSP 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AIR FRANCE 
Airline Record Locator 
Flight: 
Equipment: 
Airbus A380-800 
Departure: 
7:15 pm 
New York JFK. NY 
Estimated Time: 
HR 15 MIN 
Arrival: 
8:30 am 
Paris De Gaulle. FRANCE 
Distance: 
3.635 Mies 
Meal: 
Breakfast meal 
Departure Terminal: 
TERMINAL 1 
Arriving on: 
January 29. 2014 
Arrival Termiial: 
AEROGARE 2 TERMINAL E 
Seats: 
01A 03A 
Class: 
First 
Travel Details: 
Thursday February 6, 2014 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AIR FRANCE 
Flight: 
Departure: 
2:10 pm 
Pans De Gaulle. FRANCE 
Arrival: 
4:25 pm 
New York JFK. NY 
Departure Terminal: 
AEROGARE 2 TERMINAL E 
Arrival Termiial: 
TERMINAL 1 
Seats: 
01A 03A 
Class: 
First 
Airline Record Locator 
Equipment 
Estimated Time: 
Distance: 
Meal: 
Airbus A380-800 
HR 15 MIN 
3.635 Mies 
Meal service 
EFTA00590584
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
LOYALTY PROGRAMS 
Vendor 
Account 
Traveler 
AIR FRANCE 
9209114272 
EPSTEIN/JEFFREY EDWARD 
AIR FRANCE 
9206179146 
Additional Information: 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
-------------------
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
THE AMOUNT OF GOVERNMENT TAXES/AIRLINE-IMPOSED FEES SET FORTH ON THIS 
INVOICE MAY INCLUDE AIRLINE-IMPOSED FUEL SURCHARGES: CUSTOMERS CAN 
CONTACT THEIR TRAVEL COUNSELOR(S) FOR AN ITEMIZED BREAKDOWN OF THIS 
AMOUNT. 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels 8 
Resorts program - an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check-in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Four Seasons Hotel George V 
avenue George V 
Paris. 75008. France 
Hotel le Bristol 
112 nie du Faubourg Saint Honore 
Paris. 75008. France 
Le Royal Monceau Raffles Paris 
Avenue Hoche 
PARIS. 75008. France 
Mandarin Oriental. Paris 
251 rue Saint Honore 
Paris. 75001. France 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00590585
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures cr advertisements desalt:4,g any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the teams and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. iicluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your hip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public Internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or. a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
California CSTa1022318.10. Rhode Island ML#1192. Washington UBIII600.469894, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00590586

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590587.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590587.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Sehrend Dr Ste.55 MC 08-0349 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas Cal Collect 
Agent 
CW 
ITINERARY 
Generated: January 6.2014 03:13 PM 
Page 1 of 3 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing 
authorization is received. Please contact your travel office by 11:59 PM on January 07,or this entire 
reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details: 
Sunday January 12, 2014 
CITIZENS OF POLAND MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
CITIZENS OF POLAND- MUST BE VALID FOR PERIOD OF INTENDED STAY 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
A VISA IS REQUIRED FOR ENTRY INTO ST THOMAS EXCEPT FOR HOLDERS OF A 1-512 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION- MUST BE VALID FOR 6MONTHS BEYOND PERIOD OF INTENDED STAY AND RETURN/ONWARD TICKET 
CITIZENS OF FRANCE MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
CITIZENS OF FRANCE- MUST BE VALID FOR 6MONTHS BEYOND PERIOD OF INTENDED STAY 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AMERICAN AIRLINES 
Flight: 
1073 
Departure: 
1:50 pm 
New York Laguardia. NY 
Anival: 
5:05 pm 
Miami intemtni. FL 
Departure Terminal: 
TERMINAL B 
Seats: 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Economy 
ASSIGNED SEATING IS RESTRICTED TO AIRPORT CHECK IN 
Airline Record Locator 
Equipment 
Boeing 737-800 
Estimated Time: 
HR 15 MIN 
Distance: 
1.097 Mies 
Meal: 
Food for purchase 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AMERICAN AIRLINES 
Flight: 
2355 
Departure: 
6:45 pm 
Miami intemtni. FL 
Arrival: 
10:25 pm 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Seats: 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Economy 
ASSIGNED SEATING IS RESTRICTED TO AIRPORT CHECK IN 
Travel Details: 
Friday January 17, 2014 
Airline Record Locator 
Equipment 
Boeing 757 
Estimated Time: 
HR 40 MIN 
Distance: 
1.107 Mies 
Meal: 
Food for purchase 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AMERICAN AIRLINES 
Airline Record Locator 
Flight: 
936 
Equipment: 
Boeing 757 
Departure: 
2:00 pm 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Estimated Time: 
HR 25 MIN 
Arrival: 
5:25 pm 
New York JFK. NY 
Distance: 
1.623 Mies 
Meal: 
Food for purchase 
Arrival Terraria': 
TERMINAL 8 
Seats: 
33D 33E 
Class: 
Economy 
Additional Information: 
mcaN 
vo
lorai 
EFTA00590587
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
- -----------------
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
- ------------------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
*-------------------
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels 
Resorts program - an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check-in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Caneel Bay. A Rosewood Resort 
North Shore Road 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
The Ritz-Canton St. Thomas 
6900 Great Bay 
St Thomas. 00802. Virgin Islands US 
The Westin St. John Resort & Villas 
300a Chocolate Hole 
Great Cruz Bay 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00590588
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures cr advertisements desalt:4,g any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the teams and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. iicluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your hip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public Internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or. a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
California CSTa1022318.10. Rhode Island ML#1192. Washington UBIII600.469894, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00590589

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590590.pdf
----------------------------------------
ii Page 
IGY-AYH ST. THOMAS HOLDINGS, LLC 
American Yacht Harbor 
January 11, 2014 
Alicia Barnes, Commissioner 
Department of Planning and Natural Resources 
Division of Coastal Zone Management 
Cyril E. King Airport, Terminal Building Second Floor 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Re: 
IGY-AYH St. Thomas Holdings, LLC objections to St. Thomas Sport Fishing 
Center, Inc. 's ("STSFC') Application for Renewal of Major CZM Permit No. 
CZT-7-93W designated CZT-4-13W for submerged lands seaward of Parcel No. 
16-3 Estate Smith Bay. St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands (the "STSFC CZM 
Application') 
Dear Commissioner Barnes: 
Please accept this letter as IGY-AYH ST. THOMAS HOLDINGS, LLC's ("AYH") notice and 
registration that it is an "aggrieved person" as that term is defined in 12 V.I.C. Section 902(a) of 
the Coastal Zone Management Act (the "CZM Act") and hereby reserve all rights and remedies 
available to it as an aggrieved person under the CZM Act, at law and in equity. 
AYH is the abutting owner of Parcel Nos. 18B Remainder, 18B-1 Remainder and 18A-1 
Remainder Estate Smith Bay, St. Thomas and permittee for the use of adjacent submerged lands 
under Coastal Zone Management Permit No. CZT-05-11(W) comprising the Marina and 
commercial buildings generally known as American Yacht Harbor. 
In accordance with the Notice dated December 12, 2013 issued by the Department of Planning 
and Natural Resources and received on December 19, 2013, we hereby submit our written 
comments and objections regarding the STSFC CZM Application. 
I. 
AYH's Coastal Zone Management Permit No. CZT-05-11(W) (the "AYH CZM 
Permit") and the Survey Plan incorporated therein by reference, a reduced copy of the 
Survey Plan being attached hereto as Exhibit A (the "AYH Site Survey"), permit AYH's 
use of 4.36 acres of submerged lands for which AYH pays the Government of the Virgin 
Islands an annual Permit Fee in the amount of $65,000.00. The submerged lands 
boundary limits are shown on the AYH Site Survey and in particular show that AYH is 
permitted to use submerged lands extending out approximately 80 feet from the eastern 
side of A Dock. 
6100 Red Hook Quarters #2, St Thomas, USVI 00802 
Phone 
Fax 
EFTA00590590
--- PAGE 2 ---
Wage 
2. 
STFSC's expired CZM Permit No. CZT-7-93W (the "STFSC 1993 Permit") sets 
forth the existing limits of STFSC's submerged lands area which is shown as the grey 
area on the attached plan drawn by Applied Technology & Management (ATM) attached 
hereto as Exhibit B (the "ATM Dock Relation Plan"). As indicated in the STFSC 1993 
Permit and as shownon the ATM Dock Relation Plan, STFSC's submerged lands on the 
western side of the STFSC Dock ("P Dock") extend out only 10 feet from the edge of P 
Dock. The pilings located 25 feet to the west of P Dock are outside the limits of the 
permitted submerged lands area as are the pilings located to the east of P Dock. 
3. 
STSFC now seeks to "renew" the STFSC 1993 Permit in its STSFC CZM 
Application for Coastal Zone Management Permit No. CZT-4-13W. We note that the 
STSFC CZM Application and the site plan submitted by STSFC drawn by Brian Moseley 
& Associates, Drawing No. 5685-4 (the "STSFC New Plan") attached as Exhibit C 
propose the following changes to the STSFC 1993 Permit: (a) a dramatic increase in the 
size of STSFC submerged lands area extending out 68.4 feet from the western side of P 
Dock and 51 feet from the eastern side and (b) adding an additional line of pilings 
extending out 40 feet from the western side of P Dock. 
4. 
We note that both the STSFC CZM Application, including the original STSFC 
submittal letter dated May 6, 2013 states in various places and as shown on the STSFC 
New Plan that the proposed submerged lands are based on an agreed 1/3 AYH, 1/3 
Navigational Channel and 1/3 STSFC arrangement. In a recent meeting with Messrs. 
Hoffinan and Paiewonsky, the principals of STSFC, it was conceded that in fact no such 
agreement exists. We are advised that STSFC will amend its STSFC CZM Application 
to reflect this fact in the near future. This incorrect position is the sole basis for the 
extended submerged lands area requested by STSFC. 
In fact, the 1/3 proposal was made by STSFC in 2001-2002 when the abutting owners 
%%ere trying to work out whether certain pilings added by the then owner of American 
Yacht Harbor were installed along the outer submerged lands area at 60 feet from A 
Dock could remain. The 1/3 proposal was rejected by the then owner of American Yacht 
Harbor based upon the historical docking at American Yacht Harbor servicing large 
fishing vessels and the smaller fishing and recreational vessels traditionally docked at P 
Dock. At that time in 2002, and without the 1/3 proposed agreement in place, the then 
owner of AYH modified its existing CZM Permit to reduce the number of slips on the 
east side of A Dock and remove the outer pilings. AYH's existing pilings have been and 
remain at 42 feet from A Dock as shown on the AYH Site Survey at Exhibit A and as 
permitted under the AYH CZM Permit. Documentation evidencing the foregoing can be 
found in the existing AYH CZM Permit files or provided by AYH to DPNR at DPNR's 
request. 
In 2003, the then owner of American Yacht Harbor and STSFC entered into a 
Management Agreement pursuant to which the owner of American Yacht Harbor would 
manage P Dock (the "2003 Agreement"). 
In the 2003 Agreement, the owner of 
American Yacht Harbor and STSFC agreed that neither party could assert rights based on 
the location of vessels that occurred during the time the owner of American Yacht Harbor 
6100 Red Hook Quarters #2, St Thomas, USVI 00802 
Phone 
Fax 
EFTA00590591
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 
managed P Dock and that both parties were left to historic uses to assert their rights. See 
Section 17 of the 2003 Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit D. 
5. It is respectfully submitted that the STSFC CZM Application requests far more than 
what the permitted and historical uses of P Dock have been prior to 2003 and that their 
permitted submerged lands area under the 1993 CZM Permit is a fact that both DPNR 
and the CZM Committee must consider when reviewing the STSFC CZM Application. 
The net result of the STSFC CZM Application, if granted as requested, will have a both a 
significant effect on AYH's ability to use A Dock, as permitted, resulting in a significant 
economic impact on AYH's historical business as the premier large vessel fishing fleet 
marina in Red Hook (and in fact regionally) which dates back several decades. AYH 
sponsors many international recognized events out of American Yacht Harbor that would 
be dramatically impacted by STSFC's expanded submerged lands area. 
6. When two docks are located in close proximity, it is industry standard that there be a 
navigable waterway maintained between the two docks such that vessels from either dock 
may safely navigate in and out of the berths. The width of this shared waterway is 
recommended by the in the American Society of Civil Engineers' ("ASCE") Planning 
and Design Guidelines for Small Craft Harbors, it is recommended that the width of this 
shared waterway be between 1.3 and 1.5 times the length of the largest boat expected to 
access the berths. The current existing navigable waterway measures approximately 102 
feet, from the edge of AYH's submerged lands to the current edge of the STSFC 
submerged lands. See the ATM Dock Relation Plan at Exhibit B. 
7. It is our interpretation of the AYH CZM Permit and marine regulations that we are 
allowed to dock vessels within our submerged lands boundary, specifically up to 
approximately 80 feet east of A Dock. Therefore, AYH requires a navigable waterway at 
the boundary of our submerged lands that is sufficient for a 70-80 ft vessel to turn and 
access the slips on A Dock. Based on the ASCE design guidelines, the turning radius for 
an 80 ft vessel should be between 104 and 120 ft. However, with careful planning and 
engineering, AYH believes it can accept a slightly narrower channel. This possibility, 
however, would make STSFC's request for additional pilings extending out 40 feet 
unacceptable as the turning radius within the navigational channel area would be further 
reduced by the location of new pilings off of the western side of P Dock. 
8. Special Condition No. 6.(i) in the AYH CZM Permit states that "The limit of the 
submerged lands on the eastern side of the marina extends to the midway point between 
AYH's "A" Dock and the St. Thomas Sport Fish or "P Dock". Oversized vessels that will 
impede the turning radius for boats at the "P" dock shall not be kept on the eastern side 
of the "A" dock" Given the permitted submerged lands area for AYH, this language is 
somewhat confusing in that, without understanding the size vessels that may be berthed 
on the west side of P Dock, or the definition of "Oversized vessels" it is impossible to 
determine what conditions would result in an impediment of vessels on P Dock. It is 
noted that when this language was proposed and inserted into AYH's CZM Permit, it was 
our understanding that the vessels docked on P Dock could be only legally of the size and 
orientation that could fit within P Dock's submerged land boundaries measuring 10 feet 
6100 Red Hook Quarters #2, St Thomas, USVI 00802 
Phone 
Fax 
EFTA00590592
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 
from the west side of P Dock, just as AYH is limited by its 80 feet. Thus, no conflict with 
docks on A Dock was ever anticipated. Furthermore, without any clear definition of 
"Oversized vessels", it is reasonable to conclude that "Oversize" would be a vessel in 
excess of the permitted 80 feet extending outside of AYH's permitted submerged lands 
area. 
We further submit that and hope the DPNR and the CZM Committee will agree that 
AYH's historical right and practice to berth larger vessels at A Dock (the only AYH 
Dock that can accommodate larger vessels) in conjunction with the permitted submerged 
lands area of P Dock in the STSFC 1993 Permit must be considered in their review of 
STSFC's CZM Application and the dramatic increase in size of submerged lands rejected 
by both DPNR and the CZM Committee as an unacceptable increase to the detriment of 
AYH's ability to conduct its permitted business as historically documented, as having a 
material adverse economic impact on AYH as well as the commercial tenants which have 
historically catered to these vessels and as a matter of safety to vessels berthed at both A 
Dock and P Dock. As you are likely aware, berthing fees are based on linear feet of a 
vessel and the impact on AYH were DPNR and the CZM Committee to accept and grant 
the STSFC CZM Application without adjustments to the submerged lands boundary and 
rejection of the new pilings proposed would result in serious damage to AYH's business, 
as well as the local tax paying economy that thrives on supporting the larger class of 
vessels. 
9. Notwithstanding the ASCE design guidelines, in the event that AYH docks vessels of 
up to the permitted 80 feet, with further review and engineering, it is possible that AYH 
could accept an expansion of P Dock's western submerged lands (but not the new 
pilings). Preliminary measurements suggest that vessels of up to 26.4 feet may be 
berthed on the west side of P Dock while still reserving the ASCE recommended turning 
clearances without impinging upon AYH's submerged lands rights and its necessary safe 
turning radius. As long as vessels berthed on the western side of P Dock were limited to 
being no larger than 26.4 feet in length, and the extent of the P Dock submerged lands on 
their CZM renewal limited to 26.4 feet as well (without any new pilings at 40 feet), it 
appears that AYH could still reasonably accommodate the size vessels that have been 
historically berthed and permitted on A Dock. It should be noted that an increase to 26.4 
feet would still represent a significant increase in the size of the current permitted STSFC 
submerged lands area. Further, we wish to call attention to the fact that there is ample 
room on the east side of P Dock to accommodate STSFC berthed vessels considerably 
longer than 26.4 feet and AYH has no objection to a "no vessel length limit" on the east 
side of P Dock. Additional engineering measurements are being undertaken as further 
evidence of AYH's efforts to find reasonable compromise. AYH may be able to present 
additional plans at the Public Hearing. 
10. AYH would consider the expansion of the STSFC submerged lands permit as long as 
a shared navigable channel of no less than 97.5 feet is maintained between AYH and 
STSFC submerged lands as shown on the ATM Dock Relation Plan. This would at a 
minimum ensure that the entire area conforms with the best practices as set forth by the 
ASCE and are in the best interests of the safety of all vessels berthing at A Dock and P 
6100 Red Hook Quarters #2, St Thomas, USVI 00802 
Phone 
Fax 
EFTA00590593
--- PAGE 5 ---
Si Page 
Dock. In meetings with STFSC principals, this very fair approach based on both history 
and all previously issued CZM Permits to STSFC has been rejected by STSFC. While 
we continue to hope to reach agreement with STSFC during the pendency of the STSFC 
CZM Application process, we are filing these comments and objections now to preserve 
our rights as an aggrieved person. 
We plan to appear at the Public Hearing for the STSFC CZM Application to present this letter, 
larger scale plans and additional information to the CZM Committee. In the meantime, we will 
continue to work with STSFC to try to find a mutually acceptable compromise consistent with 
foregoing. 
Thank you for your consideration of our position. We are available to meet with you and your 
staff should you have any questions or comments either prior to or after the Public Hearing. 
Very truly yours, 
IGY-AYH St. Thomas Holdings, LLC 
By: ai- 
. 
By e mail and by Hand with enc. 
cc: Jean Pierre Oriol, Director, Division of Coastal Zone Management 
Anthony Richards, Permits Coordinator 
6100 Red Hook Quarters #2, St Thomas, USVI 00802 
Phone 
Fax 
EFTA00590594
--- PAGE 6 ---
EXHIBIT A 
THE AYH SITE SURVEY 
EFTA00590595
--- PAGE 7 ---
-------
.......
......... wit 
... ..... -2=.7-70 ......... 
--- -------------
---
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
..—..74.1Ste.:347..:•:'"nnr 
I 
• • It.
• 
s
3- 
• 
• 
G.• .4twa3
,.._ 
• 
I 1 
I 
w 
I 
PM 
till 
I 
I
EFTA00590596
--- PAGE 8 ---
EXHIBIT B 
THE ATM DOCK RELATION PLAN 
EFTA00590597
--- PAGE 9 ---
ItCANO•rv ,,S. MOS01,1. Cv rt cw .on +waMb 
AM M. MY 116.ti.i30•0 
P Dock 
American Yacht Harbor 
--- I GY 
MARINAS 
cm .:D TED1103tDCT a VAMilfittla 
EFTA00590598
--- PAGE 10 ---
EXHIBIT C 
THE STSFC NEW PLAN 
EFTA00590599
--- PAGE 11 ---
5.02 Exhibits and Drawings 
Drawing 
Site Exhibit showing Area 
As-built of Existing Dock 
And piling location plan 
• 
• 
A 
A • D - Lima lama docks 
A• /I • An SAYS vale imat 5)400 
II•C • Chase (camomile an) 
C-D - Ala to S.TALF.0 yeah tain WOO 
Page 
GRAPHIC SCALE 
• 
I 
( 
air ) 
Ina . 50 ft. 
Ste VANS AS Pe 
0••• Me IS Owe 
B 
• \ 
\ 
Wed tf 0, areor 
C 
By swan bolt St horns Spat Finn 
COW und ae adicety dock tote inn sin tan 
Sit Who Panne dant B* ants! ON 
(onto' as Mans Stases the no 
struclures) ticf0•3155 the clannelntin is Wood 
team the to ewe nt, net 
EFTA00590600
--- PAGE 12 ---
• 
0, 
es 
S 
• 
eon 
• 
• 
• 
• 
fc'fi• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
GRAPHIC SC ALE 
o 
I. 
( DI Par ) 
1=h - 60 It. 
Awed VAS. 
ASO Sae 
(as 
Seas
 natO 
„sr
• 
• 
• 
• 
t •
M
y
-
-
. 
ec1/44
.
• 
. 
• 
• 
• I). 
(43 L.'S 
• 
• 12 ./
.1
• 
'\ 
( 944 4 a, 
O3 % a 
find. 
Z.asi. 
/...• 
Parcel No. 16-3 
Estate Smith Bay 
No. I, 2 & 3 East End Quarter 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 
VAVIY 
aI. DC WI 
04.Z
Wall* 
r - as. 
-05-2013 
5685-4 
e 
L47 "7/ 4 
?
S 
EFTA00590601
--- PAGE 13 ---
EXHIBIT D 
SECTION 17 OF THE 2003 MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
EFTA00590602
--- PAGE 14 ---
Mandatory copy to: 
Paul Hoffman, P.C.
P.O. Box 870 
St. Thomas, VI 00804. 
!-OFFMAN PC 
FLGE 
eS 
17. The parties to this Agreement acknowledge that there has been a dispute between 
them over the past several years with respect to the length of the vessels to be docked on the west 
side of the STSFC dock and on the east side of the A dock operated by AYH ("Facing Docks"). 
During the term of this Agreement, AYH may use the Facing Docks for any length vessel which 
may be safely accommodated, all in AYH's sole discretion. Upon the termination or earlier 
expiration of this Agreement, whichever is earlier, unless AYH continues as a month to month 
manager in which case the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall control, AYH shall have 
no right to assert as precedent their use of the Facing Docks during the term of this Agreement, 
which AYH hereby expressly waives. In the event of a dispute regarding use of the Facing 
Docks as a result of actions by either party, their agents, successors or assigns, occurring after the 
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, the parties shall be entitled to assert as 
evidence of their respective rights any documents, permits, laws, rules, regulations, practices 
prior to this Agreement and any other lawful basis the parties may choose to support their 
respective positions. The provisions and the agreements of the parties hereto set forth in this 
Section 17 shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement, whichever shall occur. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have set their hands and seals the day and year first 
above written. 
WITNESSES: 
51`ai`d—a 
SA-
St. T'.topfpcSport Fishing Center, Inc. 
4WAAP C--'2f
Paul Hoffman, Vice President 
MOF 
IMTTED PARTNERSHIP 
By  
lea airy 
AMERICAN YACHT HARBOR, LNC. 
-5-
EFTA00590603

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590604.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590604.pdf
----------------------------------------
PWRW&G LLP DRAFT 94/06/40-1-701/08/2017 
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Taxpayers: 
Leon Black and Debra Black (flaxpay 
SSN: 
Tax Form: 
1040X 
Tax Year: 
2007 
Statement of Reasonable Cause for Failure to Timely File Forms 5471, 8865 and 8858 
Leon and Debra Black (the 'Taxpayers
afe, husband and wife, and-are voluntarily filing the 
attached Form 1040X (the "Amended Return") for the sole purpose of filing Forms 5471, 8858 
and 8865 (the "International Information Returns") for 2007
-heamensleel-RetuFnr  aleng-with 
the4ntemational InfoFmation-Returns,are-being-voluntarily-filed, under the Internal Revenue 
Service's (the "IRS") 2014 Delinquent International Information Return Submission 
Procedures The Taxpayers have not been contacted by the IRS regarding_the_Amendes1 
Return or the International Information Returns and have a long history of being fully 
compliant taxpayers. The Taxpayers are not under civil examination or criminal 
investigation by the IRS 
This statementsubmission, pursuant to Treas. Reg. §§ 1.6038-2(k)(3) and 1.6038-3(k)(4), is 
inteneled-te-shaw-that-theexplains why the Taxpayers' failure to file the International 
Information Returns with the original Form 1040 for 2007 (the "Original Return") was due to 
reasonable cause and not willful neglect. The only change reflected in the Form 1040X filed 
today is the inclusion of the International Information Returns, and there is no change in 
taxable income reported by the Taxpayers, or in the tax liability owed by the Taxpayers, for 
2007, which was timely paid. The Original Return was prepared by the Taxpayers' 
professional accountants at Konigsberg Wolf & Co., M. ("Konigsberg"), and the Amended 
Return along with the accompanying International Information Returns were prepared by the 
same accountants who are now at Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP. 
Background 
The Taxpayers own interests in a wide variety of entities related to Apollo Global 
Management, LLC ("Apollo"), the publicly traded alternative asset manager, through their 
interest in BRH Holdings, M. (EIN: 98-0541994) ("BRH" or the "Partnership"). The 
Taxpayers became partners in BRH in 2007, the year in which it was formed. Since 2007, 
employees of Apollo have assisted with the preparation of the tax returns of BRH as well as all 
but two of the other controlled foreign partnerships, controlled foreign corporations and 
foreign disregarded entities (the "Foreign Entities") listed on the enclosed Exhibit A. 
The Taxpayers-were-previded-with-a-Foreim Entities related to BRH are also owned, in 
part, indirectly by Apollo. The appropriate Apollo entities timely and properly filed the 
Forms 8865 and 8858 with respect to these Forel. . 
u ' 
: 1 1 
did not need to provide the underlying information to the Taxpayers, or alert the 
Taxpayers that they mipht have similar filing requirements. Thus, the Schedule K-1 for 
2007 from the Partnership that, provided to the Taxpayers,  included all items of taxable 
income and loss attributable to the Taxpayers' interest in the Partnershipr -The-Sehedule-K--17
Uodik USI:0395.846Ivi415 
EFTA00590604
--- PAGE 2 ---
hewever7 but did not indicate any obligation to file the International Information Returns with 
respect to BRH or the many other Foreign Entities held through BRH. In addition, all of the 
Foreign Entities related to BRH are indirectly or constructively owned, in whole or in part, by 
BRH, and the tax information of such Foreign Entities is not directly reported to the Taxpayers 
or their tax advisors, but instead 
rolled into the tax reporting of BRH. As a result, neither 
the Taxpayers nor their professional accountants at Konigsberg were aware that these filings 
were required and, in any case, they didwere not reeeivemayinell the information required to 
properly complete the International Information Returns. All income reported on the Schedules 
K-I from the Partnership, and the two Foreign Entities not controlled by the Partnership (the 
"Non-BRH Related Entities"), was properly and timely reported to the IRS on the Original 
Return. it-is-imperiant-to-note-thaf-the-Foreign-Entities-related-te-Pa-Witre-also-ewnedr in 
pactr inclireetly-lssfrApolle-The-appr-opfiate-Apolle-enfities-timel.frand-pusper-1.frfilecl-theafFAS 
886-5-and-88-58-with-respeet-te-fhese-Foreign-Entitiesr as-appropriater  but-determined-that 
Taxpayers-that-they-might-have-similar-filing-requirementa 
The Taxpayers Feroaioedvis unaware of their obligation to file the International Information 
Returns until August 2016. At suet 
time, the Taxpayers and their representatives were 
first informedr fer—the-fust-time7 by Apollo's tax department; that the Taxpayers likely had an 
obligation to file the International Information Returns with respect to BRH and the BRH 
related Foreign Entities. Upon learning this information, the Taxpayers immediately requested 
additional information from Apollo and diligently reviewed the history and factual 
circumstances with their accountants and other tax advisors. As a result of that review, it was 
determined that the Taxpayers were obligated to file the International Information Returns with 
respect to the Foreign Entities, including the Non-BRH Related Entities, for 2007, which the 
Taxpayers are now doing via the filing of POFF13-1-040X-tedaythe Amended Return. 
The Taxpayers are neither accountants nor lawyersr ancl-because. Because the Taxpayers' 
ownership arrangements related to the Partnership and other Foreign Entities are very complex, 
the Taxpayers have engaged and relied on experienced accountants and other tax advisors to 
prepare their tax returns based upon the information and records provided to thenk-This 
ineludes-information-previded, inclodine by Apollo's tax department, which is responsible for 
overseeing tax compliance and reporting for an extremely complex business enterprise, as-well 
asand by Apollo's tax advisors at Ernst & Young-who, which prepared the applicable 
Schedule K-1. 
Basis for Reasonable Cause 
The Taxpayers Iselieve-thefrhave exercised ordinary business care and prudence by engaging 
and relying on several experienced tax professionals in making a good faith effort to comply 
with an intricate set of information reporting rules relating to a complex business enterprise. 
When the Taxpayers signed and filed the Original Return, on the advice of their experienced 
tax advisors at Konigsberg, the Taxpayers believed the Original Return was accurate and 
complete. In addition, the Taxpayers acted as promptly as practicable upon learning of the 
filing oversight to gather all relevant records and information, deterrftifte-apprepriate-filing 
 their tax advisors-aftel-file-Fertn-I-040X-with, 
Dodl: USI:10958461vi411 
EFTA00590605
--- PAGE 3 ---
resulting in the filing today of the Amended Return and the International Information 
Returns TheAs_natedahe Taxpayers have a long history of being compliant taxpayers and 
compliant international tax filers and have never been subject to tax penalties. The Taxpayers 
are not under a civil examination or a criminal investigation by the IRS. The IRS has not 
contacted the Taxpayers about any of the delinquent International Information Returns that are 
the subject of this atatementsubmission. The Foreign Entities that are the subject of the 
International Information Returns were not engaged in tax evasion. The Taxpayers are 
voluntarily filing gofF14-1440Xthe Amended Return today is-order to ensure that all 
International Information Returns for 2007 arehave been properly filed. Finally, Taxpayers also 
note that they have timely filed all required International Information Returns for the 2015 
taxable period and will continue to ensure that all required International Information Returns 
are properly and timely filed in future taxable periods. 
I 
Uodik USI:l099346IvNla 
EFTA00590606
--- PAGE 4 ---
Conclusion 
Based on the above, the Taxpayers believe, in good faith, that reasonable cause exists for their 
failure to file the International Information Returns with respect to the Foreign Entities with the 
Original Return. Therefore, the Taxpayers respectfully request that the IRS exercise its 
discretionary, regulatory authority to grant reasonable cause relief and not assert any penalties 
under Section 6038 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or Treas. Reg. §§ I.6038-2(k)(1) or 
1.6038-3(k)(3). 
I 
Uodik USI: I095846IviAla 
EFTA00590607
--- PAGE 5 ---
Under penalties of perjury, the Taxpayers declare that each of the statements and facts 
eentained-in-this-letteF4s, to the best of their knowledge and belief, contained in this letter is 
true. correct and complete. 
Leon Black 
Debra Black 
I 
Uodik USI:l099346Ivi-115 
EFTA00590608
--- PAGE 6 ---
2007-EXHIBIT A 
FOREIGN ENTITIES 
FORMS 8865 
BRH HOLDINGS LP 
APOLLO ADVISORS VI (EH) LP 
AP PROFESSIONAL HOLDINGS LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS III LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS IV LP 
APOLLO ADVISORS V (EH) LP 
AAA ASSOCIATES LP 
KNOWLEDGE UNIVERSE EDUCATION LP (Non-BRH Related Entity) 
AP ALTERNATIVE ASSETS LP (Non-BRH Related Entity) 
FORM 8858 
AAA GUERNSEY LIMITED 
FORMS 5471 
AAA MIP LIMITED 
APOLLO ADVISORS VI (EH-GP) LTD 
APOLLO EPF CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LIMITED 
CPI CAPITAL PARTNERS EUROPE GP LTD 
CPI CCP EU-T SCOTS GP LTD 
BRH HOLDINGS GP LTD 
Doc*: USI:10958461v1-111 
EFTA00590609
--- PAGE 7 ---
Summary report: 
Literae Change-Pro 7.5.0.176 Document comparison done on 1/8/2017 
3:22:45 PM 
Style name: PW Basic 
Intelligent Table Comparison: Active 
Original DMS: iw://US/US1/10958461/14 
Modified DMS: iw://US/US1/10958461/15 
Changes: 
Add 
Delete 
Move-From 
Move To 
Table insert 
Table-Delete 
Table moves to 
Table-moves-from 
Embedded Graphics (Visio, ChemDraw, Images etc.) 
Embedded Excel 
Format changes 
Total Changes: 
EFTA00590610

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590611.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590611.pdf
----------------------------------------
FORMAL PROPOR " 
Obiective:
Construction of 16'x16' Bedroom Room with Hip Roof (Matching Existing Structure) 
Client: 
Great St James & Little St. James 
Location 
Great St. James 
Scope of Work 
Phase 1: 
Digging and pouring of concrete for columns; 
Installation of 6x6 columns; 
Installation of 2x6" joists and 3/4" plywood as sub floor; 
Phase 2: 
Installation of 2x6" stud walls; 
Installation of 3x8" sub exterior plywood 
Installation of siding (over 3x8" ply- selected by owner); 
Installation of 2x6" Roof framing for hip roof 
Installation of tongue & groove plywood on roof 
Installation of galvanize 
Installation of windows and doors 
Phase 3: 
Installation of interior sheet rock 
Installation of all trim along windows and doors 
Painting and trimming of interior & exterior walls 
Cost Analysis:- NOT INCLUDING MATERIALS 
Total Projected Cost: $14,260.00 
340-776-4000 ** 6301 Red Hook Plaza** St. Thomas VI 00802 
EFTA00590611
--- PAGE 2 ---
ANNA RODRIGUEZ FOR J. EPSTEIN 
ST. THOMAS VI 00802 
ELDERFIELD ROBERTS 
VI EXPERT BUILDERS, LLC 
CONTRACTOR 
6301 RED HOOK PLAZA 
ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 
x 
x 
By. 
Contract Accept Date: 
By: 
340-776-4000 ** 6301 Red Hook Plaza** St. Thomas VI 00802 
EFTA00590612

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590613.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590613.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 of 4 
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Tue. 31 October 2017 11:47:59 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Ticket B6 2797020077420-310CT 
Friday 03 Nov 17 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Jetblue Airways 
B6 761 
New York La Guardia, 
West Palm Beach. 
04:00 PM 
07:03 PM 
Terminal B 
V Economy Class 
23E 
La Guardia 
Palm Beach International 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Number of Stops 
Baggage 
Hrs 3 Mins 
Airbus Industrie A320-100/200 
Non-stop 
NIL 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Page 1 of 4 
Itinerary BKRWJE 
E Ri
ll/O%N 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00590613
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 4 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival, when available' 
• Daily breakfast fir two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at viwn, a me nca n exp res s.ccni.tr. 
To book your stay, visit amerIcanexpress.corriffhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories am not eligible for upgrade: caff Centurion Travel Service for details 
•• Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
For more information on benefits and eligibility, please visit: 
• CENTURION FINE 
HOTELS & RESORTS: centurion.com 
• FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: amextravm cornet& 
• The Hotel Collection: amernanexeress cornrucirredtt-rarciutionafitsMetailfthe-hotM-rraertiro/ommier-aie 
• International Aidne Program: laparnencenexprea&CSM 
• Cruise Privileges Program: amencanexpress.carnkruiseoriviedes 
• Platinum Destinations Vacations: amencanexpress.cornAss/credit-cardsthenefitskletalioLatinum-destinalions-vacationsholatinum 
• Pay vMh Ponta ^mereanexn•ess cnirrnassvilSnnirrc 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures a advertisements describing any lodging, tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of Amencan Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries or affiliates (colectively. 'Amex") has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
imposed charges. ncluding. but not 'ironed to. day resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-cuL You may wish to inquire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wvnv.allianz. corn. Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provszier. 
Travelers desking transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining al necessary travel documents and complying with all govemment travel 
requirements. You must present all exit entry and other documents requred by law. Amex shall not be responsible to you for any loss or expense due to your failure to 
comply with such requirements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carriage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws. regulations. orders. 
demands. or requirements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibility to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your jowney. Many 
countries require that your passport be valid for up to six (6) months from you date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign cowry. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at rain :ravel s:ate 
co nte nt,c as spals, e 
sit cci..,tryitn• I. Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on the foregoing 
website. 
Cuba Travel 
By traveling on your itneraiy. all travelers are attesting that they are a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident and their travel to Cuba is authorized under the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations, and falls within one of the approved categories. For more information on each of the categories, please see Part 515.560 of the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations at http./Avwn ecfr 
 Additional information can be found at titipv/Mww trans; WV riOvIrelOurre-rnntnriSanCtiOnter • • ramsiPageslci Ina aspx• Travel for 
traditional tourist activities is prohibited, and travelers are expected to maintain a full schedule of activities related to their category of travel. If providing any Amirante 
benefits under the American Express policy would violate U.S. economic or trade sanctions, then the polcy will be void. 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review nv/w ViSn^,Ait II rnm,rairc,x for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit remirements for your travel 
destnabon. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liatility for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Page 2 of 4 
tineraly BKRWJE 
Z
F.M E RICAN 
IDCPRESS 
EFTA00590614
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 4 
Air Transportation 
Airlines reserve the right to change your seats at any time due to operational needs/aircraft reconfiguration. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important 
notices apply to air transportation. Please visit https://mvamextravel.corNstatickonations for more ',formation. 
Airline Notice on Hazardous Materials 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard arcraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids. oAdizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid, fireworks. tear gases, oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further 
information coact your airline representative or visit linos-ornwor faa govOtootterinontivrnrha>mat_snreri. 
The Centurion£ I Dung* 
Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members have unlimited complimentary access to all locations of The Centurion Lounge. Gold Card and Green Card Additional 
Cards on your Platinum and Business Platinum Card account are rot eligible for complimentary access. Card Members may bring up to two (2) companions into The 
Centurion Lounge. To access The Centurion Lounge. the Card Member must present The Centurion Lounge agent with the following upon each visit his or her valid Card. a 
boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for same-day travel on any carrier and a government-issued I.D. Failure to present this documentation may result', access 
being denied. Card Members wM not be compensated for changes in locations. rates or policies. A Card Member must be at least 18 years of age to enter without a parent 
or legal guardian. For locations with a self-service bar. the Card Member must be of legal drinking age 1-1 the location's jurisdiction to enter without a parent a legal 
guardian. Must be of legal drinking age to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. American Express reserves the right to remove any person from the 
Lounge for inappropriate behavior or failure to adhere to rules. includng. but not limited to. conduct that is disruptive. abusive a violent. Access is subject to space 
availability. Hours may vary by location and are subject to change. Amenities vary among The Centurion Lounge locations and are subject to change. Services and 
amenities in the Lounge are complimentary, however you are responsible fa any purchases and/or servicing charges you authorize cur Member Services Professionals to 
perform on your behalf. Some American Express Cards are not eligible for all services provided by Member Services Desk. American Express wil not be liable for any 
articles lost or stolen a damages suffered by the purchaser or visitor inside The Centurion Lounge. Use of The Centurion Lounge is subject to all rules and conditions set by 
American Express. American Express reserves the right to revise the rules at any time without notice. 
02017 American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. All rights reserved 
Liability Statement 
You understand and agree that American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affikates and representatives (collectively 'Amex"). 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons a property resulting. diectly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of omissions of travel suppbers, including but not limited to delays. overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations. accidents or falures of 
equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil unrest, 
strikes. riots, theft. disease, accidents a failures related to the public Internet. telecommunications lines or facikties, a third party technology systems. IX any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itneraries. In this role. we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets a other goals, and from tine to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them access to ow marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other Amencan Express products to pay for supplier prod] iris and services. From tine to time we may enter into other business relabcnstips with suppliers and 
these arrangements, including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommendrig itineraries. we 
may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
State-Suer 'fir Disclosures' 
CALIFORNIA' Upon cancellation of the transportation a travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled n violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier. 
without obtaining a refund and such other provider fails to provide the agreed-upon transportation or service. In this situation, the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establishing the disbursement of the customer payment. and if disbursed to a registered wholesaler of 
travel. proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seler of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligble passengers may file a claim with the 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when required. The maximum amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed $15.000. A claim must be submitted to the TCRF with., 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A clam 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the darn and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRF's website at :mon,: tacintri orn. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
66.WATh Please visit httrvi,.rfl hawAircovpvl,fites,2011,06tonstimetarits 
red( for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which maintains our travel agency trust account is Bank of Hawaii. Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account. 
Page 3 of 4 
Itnerary BKRWJE 
AMERICAN 
BCPRES5 
EFTA00590615
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of 
California CSTe1022318. Washington UW*600469-694. Iowa TA2669. 
Page 4 of 4 
Itinerary EINRWJE 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00590616

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590617.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590617.pdf
----------------------------------------
CABINET ALBERT° PINTO 
Paris, October 27th, 2017 
Mr. Jeffrey EPSTEIN 
East 71 
NEW YORK 
NY 10001 
USA 
CREDIT NOTE H-17/090 
Re. 
Great St James Island / Little St James Island 
€uros 
Credit note on fees' invoice H-16/096 
1st Deposit 
-200 000,00 
TOTAL 
-200 000,00 
V.A.T non applicable 
Our bank details 
CREDIT AGRICOLE CENTRE 
147, rue de Rennes 
75006 PARIS 
PARIS 
Bank code 
Desk code 
Account Nr. 
Key 
p-
IBAN 
FR76 1820 6002 8042 4838 1300 136 
SWIFT code 
AGRIFRPP882 
Hôtel de la Victoire 11, rue 
75002 Paris - Tél. 33(0)1 40 13 00 00 - Fax 33(0)1 40 13 75 99 
S.A.R.L. au capital de 3 162 000 € - SIRET 494 844 764 00014 • APE 7410Z - 
INTRA FR 354 948 447 64 
EFTA00590617

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590618.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590618.pdf
----------------------------------------
Steptoe 
STP11101 6 JOHNSON t tP 
Charles A. Michael 
Partner 
1114 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10036 
direct 
+1 
Areas of Practice 
• Commercial Litigation 
• Financial Services 
• Litigation 
• Securities Litigation & 
Enforcement 
Education 
New York University 
School of Law. J.D.. 
2002. magna cum 
laude. Order of the Coif 
Cornell University. B.A.. 
1999 
Judicial Clerkships 
Hon. Edith B. Clement. 
US Court of Appeals for 
the Fifth Circuit 
Hon. Victor Marrero. US 
District Court. Southern 
District of New York 
Bar & Court Admissions 
New York 
Charles Michael has successfully handled a wide range of commercial 
litigation matters. He has obtained favorable settlements or dismissals on 
behalf of clients accused of securities fraud, intellectual property 
infringement, antitrust violations, wrongful termination and breach of 
contract. He has also successfully represented clients bringing claims for 
breach of fiduciary duty, trademark infringement, breach of contract, and 
professional malpractice. 
Mr. Michael was recently part of the trial team that obtained a complete 
victory after a bench trial of a $120 million suit relating to a collateralized 
debt obligation (CDO) transaction. He also secured a preliminary injunction 
preserving a medical practice's contractual option to buy the company 
supplying the practice's non-medical support staff, and won an appellate 
decision reversing the trial court and dismissing a $200 million fraud and 
alter ego suit against a private equity firm. 
Mr. Michael is also experienced in regulatory and criminal investigations. 
He has represented clients under investigation by the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority 
(FINRA), and the US Department of Justice (DOJ). 
He is the founder and editor of the SDNY Blog which covers civil litigation 
and trial practice in the US District Court for the Southern District of New 
York. Additionally, Mr. Michael has recently given several presentations to 
in-house counsel at private equity firms and others about limiting the risk of 
being held responsible in court for portfolio company liabilities, and 
preserving the attorney-client privilege among corporate affiliates. 
Noteworthy 
• New York Super Lawyers, Business Litigation, 2013-2015 
EFTA00590618
--- PAGE 2 ---
Steptoe 
STfliTOF A JOH‘ISON ur 
Charles A. Michael 
Representative Matters 
• Defeated a Japanese billionaire's federal court petition to force a 
US-based global investment bank to produce, for purposes of a 
Japanese litigation, extensive discovery from the bank's Japanese 
broker-dealer 
• Successful dismissal of multimillion-dollar breach of contract and fraud 
suit brought by real estate developer against project owner 
• Granted summary judgment for a home furnishings company accused 
of failing to pay over $20 million in alleged liabilities under an 
acquisition agreement 
• Defended software firm in dispute relating to $150 million acquisition of 
another software firm 
• Defended dietary supplement maker in multimillion-dollar lawsuit 
arising from the failed launch of a pre-workout beverage 
• Secured a preliminary injunction in a case involving theft of trade 
secrets 
• Successfully defended several asset purchasers in successor liability 
lawsuits in multiple jurisdictions 
• Granted summary judgment that largely disposed of case seeking $15 
million in damages for alleged breaches of an oil rig lease and related 
contracts 
• Defended investment banking executive in multiple investigations 
relating to auction-rate securities market collapse 
• Successfully defeated, before trial court an on appeal, a motion to 
preliminarily enjoin a consumer products manufacturer from selling its 
largest brand 
• Defended private equity firm in $55 million wrongful termination lawsuit 
brought by its former president 
• Defended the former owners of the -Tinkerbell" trademark in a fraud 
and breach of contract action brought by a former licensee 
• Obtained summary dismissal of a securities fraud case against a 
publicly-traded technology firm 
• Obtained a preliminary injunction against a company improperly using 
a client's trademarks 
• Represented a consumer products manufacturer in an lawsuit 
accusing two of the company's former executives accounting fraud 
• Represented a public company in multibillion-dollar class action 
accounting fraud case 
EFTA00590619
--- PAGE 3 ---
Steptoe 
STfliTOF A JOH‘ISON tiP 
Charles A. Michael 
• Successfully defended publicly-traded investment bank accused of 
understating options compensation in proxy statement 
• Represented bank in DOJ investigation of money transfers to 
sanctioned countries and entities 
Select Seminars & Events 
"Fundamentals of Taking and Defending Depositions: Practicing Law 
Institute, 2015 
"Fundamentals of Taking and Defending Depositions," Practicing Law 
Institute, 2014 
Selected Publications 
SDNY Blog 
A Middle-Ground Approach To 'Piggybacking' 
June 2, 2015. Law360 
Judge Rakoff Allows FIRREA Claims Where Bank's Misconduct 'Affects' 
Itself 
August 23, 2013, The CLS Blue Sky Blog 
EFTA00590620

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590621.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590621.pdf
----------------------------------------
/7400/ZW[iLD/04 
IGHtlyise 
i74/ III 
faun: °retired-az MUSH HU 
PH46 Will 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Currency 
n Transaction 
Our ref. 
Reporting lurisdiction(s): ESMA 
Our UT I: 10302106780112030300000000000300834462396P 
Your UTI 
PRIVATE CLIENT SERVICES PWM ALEX BROWN AC SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
SOUTH STREET 
BALTIMORE 21202.MARYLAND.UNITED STATES 
+1 4435414739 
Dear Sus 
August, 2014 
Deutsche Bank AG. Lawton Branch 
Flt Dams Demotions 
Winchester House 
Great Winchester Street 
Lando, EC2in 208 
THOC 94015555 
Sent DEUT G82L 
Dent Lne •44 207 541 1709 
Dean Fox '44 107 545 833810368 
The purpose of this letter agreement is to confirm the terns and condeons of the Currency Option entered it between us 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (Perry A.) and PRIVATE CLIENT SERVICES PWM ALEX BROWN AC SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL LLC (Party Bs) on the Trade Date referred to below (the Transaction"). 
The definitions and provisions contained in the 1998 FX and Currency Option Defintions (the 'EX Definitions") as puotished by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Assccietion. Inc. the Emerging Markets Traders Association and Tho Foreign 
Exchange Committee we Incorporated into this Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency beMeen the FX Deletions and 
this Confanation, this Conlin:neon Nil petal. 
If you and we are parties to either an I WA Interest Rate and Currency Exchange Agreement (for vetch purposes this 
Transaction shal constitute a 'Swap Transactor") or an ISDA Master Agreement (n each case an "Agreement-) then this 
Confirmation supplements, form part of and is subject to such Agreement If you and we are not yet parties to an Agreement 
then this Confirmation evidences a complete and binding agreement between Party A and Party B as to the tans of the 
Transaction to which Ids Confirmation relates. In adribon Parry A and Party B agree to use al reasonable efforts pro•rptly to 
negotiate, execute and deliver an agreement in the form d the ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency - Cross Border) (the 
'ISDA Forme) with such modifications as you and ve lel in good faith agree. Upon execution by Party A and Party Bet such an 
agreement this Confirmation wit supplement, form part of, end be subject to that agreement Ati previsions co faired or 
incorporated by reference in that agreement upon its execution will govern the Confirmation. Until we execute and deliver that 
agreement this Confirmation, together with al other documents referring to the ISDA Form (each a "Confirmation confirming 
transactions (each a `Transaction" entered into between is (noMithstanding anything to the contrary in a Codurration) shall 
supplement, form a part of, and be subject to an agreement in the form of the ISDA Form as if we had executed an agreement 
on the Trade Date of the first such Transaction between us and such form with the schedule thereto (0 specifying only flat (a) 
the governing law is English law and (b) the Termination Currency s U.S. Dollars, (i) incorporating the add ton to the definron 
of the Indemnified. Tat contained in (page 48 of) the ISDA "Users Guide to the 1992 ISDA Master Agreements' and (ii) 
incorporating any other modhcaborts to the ISDA Form specified below. 
The tans of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows: 
Deutsche Bank AG is authcrised under German Banking Law acmpetent authonly. Bern • Federal Financial Supervising Aulhaity) and 
;twit:ledby tie Friends' Services Authonty for the contlacl of UK Worms. a member the tendon Stock Excises° Deutsche Bank AG is 
joint strict corporaficnwilh treed 7iabtiy incorpasted in the Federal Republic of Germany HISS No 30 000 DisifiCtOMPH or Franefun an main: 
Branch Regestration n England end iA'ans BROOMS: Registered edemas Vanchesler House. 1 Greet Winchester Sreet London EC2N 2DB 
(10107) 
Deutsche Bank Group 
EFTA00590621
--- PAGE 2 ---
/7400/L7/C/C3/02 
i aniu i 
I/47 Obi 
:nun; tams:aunt, OMPIN HU 
ULIC 
1. 
General Terms: 
Trade Date 
Buyer. 
Currency Option Style: 
Currency Option -ype.
Put Currency and Put Currency Amount 
Call Currency and Call Currency Amount 
Expiation Date: 
Expiration Time: 
Set1SemeM Date: 
Strike Price: 
Premium 
Premium payable by: 
Premium Payment Date: 
Prerriirn Payment InNrucbons: 
Business Days: 
Additional Disruption Event Provisions for 
Appicable 
an Offshore Deliverable CNY Transaction 
and ISOA Offshore Detestable CNY 
Transaction Disruption Fallback Matrix 
-. rjus: 2014 
Party tf. 
Party A 
Euro:tear 
USD Pur.NY Call 
USD 75 W0.00000 
CNY 46Z.003 CU) 00 
L.egusr 2015 
1500 hours (Local fin 
Tokyo) 
August 2015 
CNY C. 16000 per USD 1 CO 
USD 273 000 CO 
Party B 
August 2014 
Deutsche Bank Trust Co Americas, Newyork 
Sit Code: BKTRUS33XXX 
Acc- No. 04-411.739 021001033 ABA 0103 CHIPS ID 096804 
2. 
Representations: 
New York Being and Hong Kong 
Each party represents to the other party as of the date that it enters into Mis Transaction that (absent a written agreement 
between the parties that expressly imposes affwmatrve obligations to the contrary for this Transaction): 
(j) 
Non-Reliance It is acting for its owi account, and it has made its am independent decisions to enter into this 
Transaction and as to wrother the Transaction Is appropnate or proper for R based upon its own judgement and upon 
advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It Is not remora on any communication (wieen or oral) of the 
other party as invesbnent advice or as a reoornmendaton to enter into this Transaction, it being understood that 
information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of ttis Transaction shall not be considered to be 
investment advice or a recornmendabon to enter into the Transaction No communicabon (witten or a4 received 
from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of this Transaction. 
Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (mitami, behalf or 
through independert professional advice), and understands and accepts the terms and condtons and risks of this 
Transaction. It S also capable of assuring, and assumes, the risks of the Transaction. 
(di) 
Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or adviser to it in respect of this Transaction. 
Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the terms of our agreement by executing the copy of this Conimation 
enclosed for that purpose and returning it to us or by sending to us a letter or facsimile substantially similar to this letter, which 
letter or facsimile sets bah the .material terms of the Transaction to Wsch this Confirmation relates and indicates your 
agreement 
Con 
a 
Cen: 
PRIVA 
=ALEX BROWN AC SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LW 
BY 
By 
Warne: 7...nnty er5 ea 
Name: 
Authorised Signabrf 
Atithoresed Signatory 
For any query relating to this Confrmation, please contact us on 001 201493-3700 
If you agree with the deans of this confirmation, please sign and return to fax number 001 201-5934671 
This Is a computes generated confirmation and does not require a Deutsche Bank AG authorised signature. 
Deutsche Ears Ac is aulhcased under Garman Banking Law (ccnhateN authority. BeFin - Federal Furanami Supervising Mulony) and 
regi lilted by the Francis Services Aothcrity for the conduct of UK business. a member the London Stack Excneręc Deutsche Bank PG ts a 
Ism Sr corporafen ugh *Wed liobay Incorporated in the Federal Regulars of Germany KRO No 30000 oranci Coat d Frankfurt ern Main. 
frock Re4srrat on a England and Weas BROOMS: Registered address Winchester w...b., 1 Greet Winchester Steel. London ECU 208. 
(10107) 
Deutsche Bank Group core hIlphters deutsche-bank can 
EFTA00590622

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590623.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590623.pdf
----------------------------------------
iN Winston Preparatory School 
education for the individual 
2015-2016 
Norwalk Location 
TUITION INVOICE 
Student: 
Dixon Joslin 
Invoke No.: 
WPSNY1516 
Dau September 2, 2015 
Tuition 2015-2016 
$58,000 
Total Received 
$31,500 
Due (October Pt) 
$26,500 
Please make check or money order payable to: 
Winston Preparatory School 
Send to: Winston Preparatory School 
240 Madison Avenue, 14th Floor 
New York, NY 10016 
Attention: Elizabeth Ramirez, Business Office 
If you have any questions or concerns, please call Elizabeth Ramirez at 
The school will impose a service charge of 1.5% per month 
(annual percentage rate of 18%) on all unpaid balances. 
Reminder: No report cards/transcripts or school records may 
be released unless the tuition account is current. 
EFTA00590623

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590624.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590624.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gulfstream 
PRODUCT SUPPORT 
PROPOSAL 
Prepared for 
Presented by 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number- 
Rusty Cramer 
JEGE, LLC 
Regional Sales Manager, GuIfstmam Aerospace 
Mr. Larry Visoski 
GulfNream Proposal # 
February 2017 
EFTA00590624
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
PART I. Workscope Description 
A. Interior Refurbishment 
B. Avionics / Cabin Electronics 
C. Mechanical 
D. Paint 
PART II. Contingencies and Assumptions of Proposal Offer 
A. Estimated Leadtime 
B. Estimated Downtime 
C. Pricing and Scheduling Terms 
D. General Contingencies 
E. Addendum to Proposal and Work Authorization Terms & Conditions 
PART III. Payment Terms and Remittance Instructions 
PART IV. Executive Summary and Proposal Acceptance 
EFTA00590625
--- PAGE 3 ---
1.*1 
I ; ilklir:uu 
ID # 
February 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 
JEGE, LLC 
PART I. Workscope Description 
A. INTERIOR REFURBISHMENT 
Not Requested 
B. AVIONICS / CABIN ELECTRONICS 
Not Requested 
C. MECHANICAL 
1. Aircraft Records and Condition Survey 
1.1 Lite Package - Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (ARCS) - Exhibit 1 
$31,500 
Included in Lite Package: 
• 
Aircraft Records Survey (see section below) 
• 
Aircraft Condition Survey (see section below) 
1.2 Basic Package - Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (ARCS) - Exhibit 2 
$55,000 
Included in Basic Package: 
• 
Aircraft Records Survey (see section below) 
• 
Aircraft Condition Survey (see section below) 
• 
ARCS Test Flight (see section below) 
• 
APU Borescope Inspection (see exhibit) 
• 
Left and Right Engine Borescopes and Engine Runs (see exhibit) 
1.3 Standard Package - Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (ARCS) - Exhibit 3 
$88,000 
Included in Standard Package: 
• 
Aircraft Records Survey (see section below) 
• 
Aircraft Condition Survey (see section below) 
• 
ARCS Test Flight (see section below) 
• 
APU Borescope (see exhibit) 
• 
Left and Right Engine Borescopes and Engine Runs (see exhibit) 
• 
Nose and Main Landing Gear and Components - Detailed Inspection (see exhibit) 
• 
Aircraft Brake Inspection (see section below) 
1.4 Premium Package - Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (ARCS) - Exhibit 4 
$114,000 
Included in Premium Package: 
• 
Aircraft Records Survey (see section below) 
• 
Aircraft Condition Survey (see section below) 
• 
ARCS Test Flight (see section below) 
• 
APU Borescope (see exhibit) 
• 
Left and Right Engine Borescopes and Engine Runs (see exhibit) 
• 
Nose and Main Landing Gear and Components - Detailed Inspection (see exhibit) 
• 
Aircraft Brake Inspection (see section below) 
• 
500 Hour / 1 A Inspection Codes (see exhibit) 
• 
Month / 1C Inspection Codes (see exhibit) 
• 
1000 Hour / 2A Inspection (see exhibit) 
Page 3 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. July 11. 2016 
EFTA00590626
--- PAGE 4 ---
I . illsl wain G 
) 
)0 
ID # 
February 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 
JEGE, LLC 
PART I. Workscope Description (Continued) 
C. MECHANICAL (CONTINUED) 
1. Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (Continued) 
Workscope Description 
Note: Please refer to the above items when determining which sections apply to the Package selected. 
Special Requirements: 
• 
Review workscope and identify points of contact with both buyer and seller present and have both parties sign the 
Hold Harmless Agreement. 
• 
The party requesting and financially obligated for the Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (usually the Buyer) 
must have an authorized representative sign the work order and the Hold Harmless. 
• 
There will be a representative from all parties involved that will make decisions on all minor corrective actions to 
be accomplished during Aircraft Records and Condition Survey. If there is no representative present, no 
corrective action can be accomplished until authorized. 
• 
Upon completion of the Aircraft Records and Condition Survey, the discrepancy list will be provided to the party(s) 
responsible for disposition. If a second or third party is involved with rectification of any discrepancies found, the 
parties will identify who will be responsible for the corrective actions. At this time, separate work orders will be 
opened and responsibilities assigned to each party for the work requested. 
• 
All parties involved, based on the Service Center workload, at that time will mutually agree to the downtime 
schedule for the authorized work. 
Aircraft Records Survey includes the following: 
• 
Review of Maintenance History and Records: A review of all available maintenance records will be accomplished. 
The review will include a search for recorded damage history, special inspections accomplished, missing records, 
compliance with required inspections, maintenance, and mandatory directives. Any problems with incomplete or 
improper maintenance entries, missing certificate numbers or signatures, or disorganized maintenance logs will 
be documented in the report. If a complete reconstruction of maintenance records or logbooks is desired, it will be 
considered an effort over and above the basic Survey price and schedule and will be performed at time and 
material upon approval. 
• 
Documentation of Non-Applicable Maintenance Bulletins: Gulfstream will update the aircraft records for non-
applicable or previously accomplished directives (ACB, CB & AD) that are not documented in the maintenance 
records. A budgetary estimate to research and document non-applicable or previously accomplished bulletins is 
$75 per occurrence. Incomplete records may substantially increase this cost. 
• 
Review of Required Aircraft Documentation: A review of weight and balance, equipment list, and electrical load 
analysis will be performed to determine that the known current aircraft configuration is reflected. All data will be 
cross-referenced against Major Repair and Alteration FAA Form 337 found and the avionics inventory. Subject 
matter and date of Form 337 and any related Supplemental Type Certificates (STC's) numbers will be listed. The 
certificate of airworthiness and current registration will be checked to ensure a match to the aircraft. 
• 
Review of Required Flight Manuals & Supplements: Gulfstream approved flight manuals will be reviewed to 
determine revision status and presence of all required approved flight manual supplements. Flight manual 
supplements will be cross-checked against STCs. 
• 
Update of Required Flight Manuals and Supplements: If required, Gulfstream will update any missing or outdated 
items in the flight manual supplements section of the flight manual or supplement binder with current data. A 
budgetary estimate to research and retrieve missing flight manual supplements is $75 per occurrence. Incomplete 
records may substantially increase this cost. 
Page 4 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. July 11. 2016 
EFTA00590627
--- PAGE 5 ---
MI 
flI 
( ;URA 
(.A ) e• )0 
ID # 
February 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 
JEGE, LLC 
PART I. Workscope Description (Continued) 
C. MECHANICAL (CONTINUED) 
1. Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (Continued) 
Aircraft Condition Survey includes the following: 
• 
Cockpit and Cabin Avionics Equipment - Operational Test: A cockpit avionics ramp check is performed and 
involves powering up all major avionics equipment and operationally testing systems, such as navigation, 
communication and flight management systems for proper operation. A cabin ramp check is performed and 
involves powering up of cabin outfitting components and systems. This test does not include the use of test 
equipment or troubleshooting of avionic systems. Results will be fully documented on the work order and findings 
will be highlighted in the Survey. As the Survey progresses, discrepancies may be identified. At this point, 
discrepancies will be listed on summary sheets and provided to customer. Any Engineering dispositions will be an 
additional expense and will be billed, as required. 
• 
Inventory of Avionics and Emergency Equipment: A physical inventory of major avionics equipment will be 
accomplished and the results recorded in the report. The avionics inventory is limited to accessible areas only, 
additional access will be billed at time and material. This inventory will be cross- referenced against the 
equipment list during the documentation review. All cabin and cockpit installed emergency equipment will be 
inventoried and recorded in the report. 
• 
Physical Survey: Is in accordance with attached Gulfstream CMP (Computerized Maintenance Program) tasks, 
which provide a detailed view of specified areas of aircraft. The suggested survey workscope is intended to 
provide you with a general visual evaluation of selected areas of the aircraft. 
• 
Cockpit and Cabin Compartment Above Floor Inspection: A general visual Inspection will be performed of cockpit, 
cabin, and baggage compartments for mechanical and cosmetic discrepant conditions which are deemed as 
unsatisfactory. Interior access will not be required or included for this general visual inspection. Note: This general 
visual Inspection does not include NDT of cabin windows. 
• 
Optional FAA 135 Regulation Log Research: A budgetary estimate to perform a FAA 135 Regulation Log 
Research is approximately $3,500. This FAA Part 135 Regulation Log Research is limited to the collection of 
pertinent parts tracking documents associated with Life-Limited or otherwise tracked serialized components, 
which are currently, installed on the aircraft from the aircraft historical records files supplied by the operator at 
time of aircraft input. Note: This research does not imply to include any requirements as to pertain to the physical 
condition of the aircraft in regards to FAA Part 135 Compliance. 
Aircraft Records and Condition Survey Report: 
• 
The report is a bound document and is divided into indexed sections. The format facilitates rapid access to 
desired information and highlights the major elements of the Survey. All findings and information yielded by this 
Survey will be provided in the report and on the related work order upon completion of the Survey. Two (2) copies 
of the signed report will be provided to the purchaser of the Survey when present at service center or a copy of 
report not signed can be provided in an electronic PDF format when intended buyer resides in a different country. 
One (1) copy of the discrepancies noted will be provided to the owner (additional report copies are available at 
$150/each). Copies will not be provided to any other party including the owner of the aircraft unless expressly 
authorized in writing by the purchaser of the Survey. 
Page 5 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. July 11, 2016 
EFTA00590628
--- PAGE 6 ---
-1 " 1" my ( 
I . 1st 
' 
e 
ID * 
February 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 
JEGE, LLC 
PART I. Workscope Description (Continued) 
C. MECHANICAL (CONTINUED) 
1. Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (Continued) 
ARCS Test Flight: 
• 
This is an extensive flight test regimen flown by Gulf stream test pilots. The flight test card will be identical to the 
one used by Gulfstream's Flight Department to evaluate pre-owned aircraft being considered for purchase by 
Gulfstream. 
• 
ARCS Flight results are fully documented and reported in the work order and the ARCS Survey Report. 
• 
Gulfstream Test Pilots are not located at all Gulfstream facilities. All pilot travel expenses (if required) and fees will 
be the responsibility of the customer per the Gulfstream Labor Rate letter. 
• 
Included in the item price: 
••• Pilot Labor (for test flight only) 
▪ 
Preflight Traveler (required prior to Flight Test). 
• 
Not included in the price and (if required) are estimated at $10,000 to $15,000. " 
▪ 
Pilot Labor (for travel only) 
▪ 
Per Diem — Two (2) Pilots for Two (2) or Three (3) Days 
••• 
Lodging — Two (2) Rooms for One (1) or Two (2) Nights 
;••• 
Rental car — One (1) or Two (2) Days 
;••• 
Airfare — Two (2) Round Trip 
"Based on U.S. Domestic travel. 
• 
Fuel for the Flight Test will be billed separately. For budgetary purposes, an estimated 1,800 to 2,300 gallons of 
fuel will be required to accomplish the test flight. Actual charges will vary depending on the amount of fuel on the 
aircraft at arrival, and fuel prices at the time of service. 
Standard Package Brake Inspection (accomplished on the Aircraft): 
• 
A detailed visual inspection of the brakes will be accomplished (without disassembly) prior to removal from the 
aircraft. This will include inspection of the drive clips and leak checks. 
• 
The Brake wear indicators will be measured and the remaining wear will be documented in the work order. 
• 
Following the landing gear corrosion inspection (see CMP exhibit), the brakes will be reinstalled and a complete 
functional test performed. 
Premium Package Brake Inspection (accomplished at a Gulfstream repair and overhaul facility): 
• 
The brakes will be removed and sent to a Gulfstream repair and overhaul facility for the following: 
;-• 
Detailed Visual Inspection 
•••• 
Heat Pack Removal and Inspection (Note: Any remaining wear will be documented in the work order.) 
Key Slot/Tenon Slot Inspection 
••• 
Torque Tube Inspection 
▪ 
Cylinder Block Teardown and Inspection 
▪ 
Leak Checks 
• 
Discrepancies will be documented on a work order with determination of the financially responsible party (buyer 
or seller), prior to commencement of the work. 
• 
Upon completion of the inspection, the brakes will be reinstalled and a complete functional test performed. 
Page 6 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. July 11. 2016 
EFTA00590629
--- PAGE 7 ---
I 
thsl r cat ri 
X e,)..
ID # 
February 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 
JEGE, LLC 
PART I. Workscope Description (Continued) 
C. MECHANICAL (CONTINUED) 
1. Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (Continued) 
Optional Services: 
• 
Gulfstream also offers a complete in-house detailing service for your Gulfstream aircraft. Our experienced team of 
professionals can perform any detailing service; from a dry wash of the aircraft exterior to shampooing and stain-
treating carpets and furnishings. 
• 
Exterior services include washing of the aircraft (to include landing gear), waxing the aircraft with Aeroglaze, buff 
and polish of leading edge "brite work", and sanding to remove surface corrosion. An application of Teflon coating 
is also available to enhance the life of your paint as well as to reduce aircraft exterior cleaning time and costs. 
• 
Interior services include sanitizing galley and lavatories, re-corking of drawers, shampooing of carpets, re-oiling of 
leather, and an application of soil and stain repellent for the carpet and upholstery. 
1.5 Wet Area Inspection under Galley and Lavatory Using Borescope (Labor Only) 
$2,700 
Accomplish the wet area inspection under galley and lavatory using borescope. 
Quoted Price Includes: 
• 
Remove interior carpet, pad, threshold plates as required to gain access to floorboards being removed. 
• 
Remove floorboards as required to comply with Borescope Inspection. 
• 
Perform a detailed inspection of floorboards and structure under galleys and lavatories. 
• 
Install floorboards removed. 
• 
Install interior carpet. pad, and threshold plates removed. 
Note: Any labor or materials required for clearing of discrepancies is not included in the quoted amount. 
D. PAINT 
Not Requested 
Page 7 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. July 11. 2016 
EFTA00590630
--- PAGE 8 ---
ID # 
February 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 
JEGE, LLC 
PART II. Contingencies and Assumptions of Proposal Offer 
Unless expressly stated otherwise in writing, this proposal and the Workscope pricing information included in Part I 
Workscope, (-Proposer) is based upon the following contingencies and assumptions associated with the activity and work 
required for the work scope defined in Part I Workscope (-Work-). Additional charges for any Customer-approved Work 
ultimately performed on Gulfstream G550 aircraft, Serial Number 
(-Aircraft"), which is beyond the scope of this 
Proposal will be billed on a time and materials basis, except as otherwise expressly agreed in writing between the parties. 
The term Customer shall refer to JEGE, LLC ("Customer) in this Proposal. 
A. ESTIMATED LEADTIME: 
This Proposal provides for leadtimes. Leadtime is an estimate expressed in calendar days to allow for planning and 
scheduling of the Aircraft service visit. Leadtimes commence upon Gulfstream's receipt of Customer's signed Proposal 
and material callout selections. Leadtimes may be addressed by other relevant contingencies set out in this Proposal. 
B. ESTIMATED DOWNTIME: 
This Proposal provides for downtime. Any downtime estimates included in this Proposal are based upon Gulfstream's 
general understanding of the time required to accomplish the work outlined in this Proposal. Said understanding is in turn 
based upon Customer satisfying any leadtime requirements. Estimated downtime may be adjusted depending on the final 
induction schedule and mutually agreed facility selected for completion of the Work. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
expression of downtime is only provided as an estimate. This estimate is not a contractual commitment by Gulfstream. 
Estimated downtime is stated in working days, defined as Monday through Friday, excluding applicable recognized local 
holidays. If additional Work is required beyond that specifically identified in this Proposal, then the estimated downtime 
may be extended by Gulfstream. Estimated downtime may increase or decrease depending upon the availability of the 
mutually agreed facility selected for completion of the Work. 
C. PRICING AND SCHEDULING TERMS: 
This Proposal is contingent on all Work being accomplished during a single coordinated maintenance visit. 
The quoted prices contained herein are valid (i) if the Proposal is signed and returned to Gulfstream within ninety (90) 
days of the date of the Proposal, and (ii) the Work is scheduled to be accomplished at a mutually agreeable facility and 
time within six (6) months from the date of this Proposal, and within the same calendar year as the date of this Proposal. 
Gulfstream reserves the right to adjust the pricing in this Proposal it the foregoing conditions are not satisfied. 
Unless otherwise indicated on the face of this Proposal, any proposal for Work in a Gulfstream US facility is valid for each 
Gulfstream US facility. Proposals for work at any non-US Gulfstream facilities are specific and binding only as to the 
facility identified on the Proposal. 
Overtime: Gulfstream will not charge overtime for the Work required in this Proposal, unless there are (i) Discovered 
Discrepancies as addressed below, (ii) Changes documented on Work Change Requests (WCRs) as described below, or 
(iii) Customer requests to accelerate the estimated downtime for any Work. Customer must approve all overtime activity 
prior to Gulfstream performing and billing for overtime. 
Discovered Discrepancies: Except as specifically identified in PART I Workscope, this Proposal does not include repairs 
to the Aircraft resulting from discrepancies in the Aircraft (including without limitation corrosion) discovered during the 
performance of the agreed Workscope. All discovered discrepancies will be corrected upon request at additional charge 
and with additional downtime. This process is further described in the Changes (-WCRs") paragraph. 
Page 8 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. July 11. 2016 
EFTA00590631
--- PAGE 9 ---
~.dl:sln•tuil 
X e_)e.) 
ID # 
February 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 
JEGE, LLC 
PART II. Contingencies and Assumptions of Proposal Offer (continued) 
C. PRICING AND SCHEDULING TERMS (continued) 
Changes ("WCRs"): This Proposal is subject to further financial and schedule modification, which will be documented on 
work change requests ("WCRs'") presented to the Customer for approval, if any of the following occurs: 
• 
Subsequent to the date of this Proposal, a relevant aviation regulatory authority or OEM (including Gulfstream) 
publishes any change in relevant technical documentation which affects the Workscope. 
• 
Additional billable work, which is not specifically delineated in the Workscope, is required to perform the quoted 
Workscope. This additional work may include by way of example relocation of existing aircraft equipment, beyond 
that already defined in the Workscope, due to space limitations. 
Consumables: There will be a 4.0% charge for consumables, to a maximum of $5,000, on all work orders containing 
labor revenue charges. This charge will be calculated based on the total labor revenue man-hours invoiced on the work 
order. Only invoices defined as 'Road Trip Invoice" will be exempt from this charge. 
CFE, Drop Shipments and Handling Fees: Customer furnished parts or equipment ('CFE") and drop shipments made 
by the Customer to Gulf stream will be subject to a handling fee of 15% based on current manufacturer list price of the part 
or item furnished. The handling fee will not apply to parts originally purchased from Gulfstream. Proof of purchase from 
Gulfstream must be shown to waive the handling fee. 
Third Party Vendors: Any estimates given for vendor parts, materials, or services provided to Gulfstream by outside 
vendors, whether for repair, calibration, overhaul, exchange or the like, are subject to adjustment based upon the actual 
charges billed to Gulfstream by such outside entity. 
Excluded fees, taxes, etc.: All prices stated herein are exclusive of freight, fuel, flight costs, environmental fees, and/or 
any applicable taxes. 
Exchange Services — Retention of Removed Equipment: Any parts exchanged as part of the Workscope, and related 
price adjustments will be governed by Gulfstream's then current parts exchange program. Except as specifically identified 
in PART I Workscope, equipment removed as part of the Workscope will become the property of Gulfstream. 
PlaneParts©: Except as specifically identified in a PART I Workscope, this Proposal does not take into account any parts 
provided at no charge under Gulfstream's PlaneParts© program. To enroll or learn  more about the PlaneParts© program 
please visit 
D. GENERAL CONTINGENCIES: 
Requirement for Customer Furnished Records: This Proposal is based upon the Aircraft being in the configuration, 
and containing the equipment. as indicated in Gulfstream CMP records and any records supplied by Customer to support 
this Proposal. 
This Proposal is also contingent upon the Customer supplying, upon induction or within leadtimes, all avionic, electrical, 
system, interior or structural drawings, diagrams, analysis and records, which accurately represent the current condition of 
the aircraft ("Customer Records"), as approved by the relevant aviation authority, and which are required by Gulfstream to 
conduct the Work. 
Any changes which are required to be made by Gulfstream to the Customer Records, or due to the inadequacy of the 
Customer Records, in connection with the Work, will be subject to additional charges. These additional charges will be 
documented pursuant to the Changes ("WCRs") clause and subject to Customer approval. 
Page 9 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
GAC Rev. July 11. 2016 
Return to Table of Contents 
EFTA00590632
--- PAGE 10 ---
I Ilk want ( .1 ' 1.e0 
'1 
e. 
,r 
ID * 
February 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 
JEGE, LLC 
PART II. Contingencies and Assumptions of Proposal Offer (continued) 
D. GENERAL CONTINGENCIES: (continued) 
General Exceptions: Except as specifically identified in PART I Workscope: 
• 
Aircraft Preservation: This Proposal does not include any preservation tasks related to the Aircraft, its engines 
or systems. Customer is responsible for making certain that all specific preservation tasks related to the Aircraft, 
its engines or systems, which are required or may become required while the Aircraft is at Gulf stream's facility for 
the Workscope, are identified on the Work Order. 
• 
Certification Basis: All Work to be accomplished by Gulfstream under the Workscope, assumes the Aircraft is 
operated in compliance with FAR Part 91 or the equivalent not-for hire operating rules of the relevant aviation 
authority. 
• 
Non-standard Equipment: Gulfstream is not responsible for vendor to vendor incompatibilities which may be 
discovered during the course of the installation. 
• 
Manuals — Modifications: Changes to the Aircraft's Completion Center Maintenance Handbook (CCMH) or 
Cabin Operating Manual (COM) are not included as part of this Proposal. Should a modified CCMH or COM be 
requested by the Customer, it may be provided at additional charge. Any changes to the Aircraft's Minimum 
Equipment List ("MEL") are the Customer's responsibility and are not included herein. 
• 
Access, Closure, Removal and Replacement: Access and closure, removal and replacement required to 
perform the Workscope are not included as a part of this Proposal. 
Touch-Up Paint: For aircraft with standard Gulfstream paint schemes (one (1) base color and two (2) stripes), the sealing 
and touch-up (by brush) of panels is included in the Workscope. Aircraft with non-standard paint schemes will be subject 
to an additional charge for the additional time required to complete the paint touch-up. 
Unused Wiring: Any existing wiring or tubing made obsolete by the Work will be capped and stowed. Wiring or tubing 
removal, if requested by the Customer, will be at additional charge. 
Termination after acceptance of Proposal: Unless the Customer has specifically directed otherwise, once the Proposal 
is signed and returned to Gulfstream, and prior to the Workscope being scheduled in accordance with Section C Pricing 
and Scheduling Terms, this Proposal shall be binding upon Gulfstream as to the prices set forth herein. All preliminary 
engineering materials and components ordered to support the Workscope, any labor expended, any restock charges 
incurred, and any other direct costs supporting the Workscope are chargeable to the Customer if the proposed 
Workscope is thereafter canceled by the Customer. If materials or components cannot be returned to their respective 
vendor(s), Customer will be billed in full for these items. In such case, the materials and components become the property 
of the Customer. If the Work is rescheduled for a later arrival, these charges will be applied to the rescheduled visit, as 
appropriate. 
Confidentiality: This Proposal and any related documents are strictly confidential between Gulfstream and Customer and 
will not, without the prior written consent of the other party, be disclosed by either party, in whole or in part, to any third 
party except to such party's accountants, lawyers, and bankers, and Gulfstream's suppliers, provided such third parties 
agree to confidentiality as may be necessary for either party to carry out its obligations or enforce its rights pursuant to this 
Proposal. 
E. ADDENDUM TO PROPOSAL AND WORK AUTHORIZATION TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Not Applicable 
Page 10 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. July 11. 2016 
EFTA00590633
--- PAGE 11 ---
r cal ti ( MI 
).* )0 
ID # 
February 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 
JEGE, LLC 
PART III. Payment Terms and Remittance Instructions 
For customers with available credit, and except as set forth below, payment terms are net 30 days from date of invoice. 
Unless otherwise agreed in writing, for Work estimated to exceed One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00) but less 
than Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000), Customer agrees to make progress payments on the following schedule: 50% of 
the estimated amount prior to commencement of Work on the Aircraft, and final payment of the remaining 50% 30 days 
from the date of final invoice. For Work estimated to exceed Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000), Customer agrees to make 
progress payments on the following schedule: 30% of the estimated amount prior to commencement of Work on the 
Aircraft, 30% at the midpoint of the Work as reasonably established by Gulfstream, 30% 30 days prior to the date of 
projected delivery as reasonably established by Gulfstream and final payment of the remaining 10% at delivery of the 
Aircraft. Additional deposits may be required for long-lead or special purchased parts, which are not refundable, should 
the visit be cancelled or work scope changed to eliminate those items. Additional deposits may also be requested if there 
is a significant amount of growth in the scope of the Work, including significant material costs. If any portion of an invoice 
is disputed, then Customer shall nevertheless pay all undisputed amounts per this schedule. Gulfstream shall not be 
required to release Customer's Aircraft to depart if Customers total outstanding balance owed to the Gulfstream Parties 
exceeds the lesser of One Hundred Fifty Thousand ($150,000.00) or Customers available credit limit. All sums past due 
bear interest at the lesser of 1.5% per month, or the maximum rate allowable by law, plus reimbursement for attorney fees 
and other costs of collection. For customers without available credit, including those without open credit terms (cash in 
advance, cash on delivery, etc.), as additional items are added to the Work, additional progress payments may be 
required to continue Work on the Aircraft and all remaining outstanding balances must be paid prior to Aircraft departure. 
See the Work Authorization terms and conditions for further details on payment terms. 
If Applicable, Aircraft Records and Condition Survey ("ARCS"). ARCS fees are payable in advance of the inspection 
being performed. Acceptable methods of payment related to ARCS and supporting aircraft sales transactions include 
payment via wire transfer/ACH, certified check and Gulfstream accepted credit card. Costs incurred in remediation of 
discrepancies documented during the ARCS or required in conjunction with the supporting aircraft sales transaction are 
immediately due upon completion of the ARCS and prior to the departure of the aircraft. This section applies to all 
customers, including those who have available credit. 
Remittance can be made to the following: 
Checks: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
(Overnight) Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation (Box #730349) 
c/o JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA 
Attn: Dallas National Wholesale Lockbox TX1-0029 
Wire Transfer 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
Instructions: 
JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA 
Bank One Plaza 
Chicago. IL 6 
Account No. 
Reference your Five (5) Digit Customer Number (XX-XXX) 
Bank 
Fedwire Routing No. (ABA) 021 000 021 
Identifiers: 
S.W.I.F.T CHASUS33 
ACH Credit Routing No. (ABA) 071 000 013 
Note: Please reference the Quote ID Number and one of the following (as applicable): 
• 
Invoice Number 
• 
Sales Order Number 
• 
Job or Work Order Number 
• 
Aircraft Serial or Registration Number 
• 
Customer Account Number 
Page 11 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
CAC Rev. July 11. 2016 
Return to Table of Contents 
EFTA00590634
--- PAGE 12 ---
( d C•411T1111 G550 
ID # 
February 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 
JEGE, LLC 
PART IV. Executive Summary and Proposal Acceptance 
Please select items in Accept/Decline columns. Once an item is accepted, the amount will auto populate the total. (Please 
note that quoted dollars and downtime may vary based on concurrent work with accepted/declined items.) 
A. INTERIOR REFURBISHMENT 
B. AVIONICS / CABIN ELECTRONICS 
C. MECHANICAL 
Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (select one ARCS package below) 
1.1 
Lite Package - Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (ARCS) 
1.2 
Basic Package - Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (ARCS) 
1.3 
Standard Package - Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (ARCS) 
1.4 
Premium Package - Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (ARCS) 
1.5 i Wet Area Inspection under Galley and Lavatory Using Borescope 
(USD) 
Accept Decline 
$31,500 
$55,000 
$88,000 
$114,000 
$2,700 
D. PAINT 
QUOTED WORKSCOPE TOTAL BASED ON CUSTOMER ACCEPTED ITEMall
i 
•Default value Is set to SO until Customer selections have been made above. 
Schedule Planning 
Estimated Da 
Estimated Leadtimel 
Calendar Days 
'The above leadtime is an estimate expressed in calendar days to allow for planning and scheduling of the Aircraft service visit and will 
commence upon Gulfstream's receipt of Customer's signed Proposal and material callout selections. Leadtimes may be addressed by 
other relevant contingencies set out in this Proposal. 
Estimated Downtime' 
10-12 Working Days 
2The above downtime estimate is based upon Gulfstream's general understanding of the time required to accomplish the work outlined 
in this Proposal. Said understanding is in turn based upon Customer satisfying any leadtime requirements. Estimated downtime may be 
adjusted depending on the final induction schedule and mutually agreed facility selected for completion of the Work. For the avoidance 
of doubt, any expression of downtime is only provided as an estimate. This estimate is not a contractual commitment by Gulfstream. 
Estimated downtime is stated in working days, defined as Monday through Friday, excluding applicable recognized local holidays. If 
additional Work is required beyond that specifically identified in this Proposal, then the estimated downtime may be extended by 
Gulfstream. Estimated downtime may increase or decrease depending upon the availability of the mutually agreed facility selected for 
completion of the Work. 
Page 12 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
GAC Rev. July 11. 2016 
Return to Table of Contents 
EFTA00590635
--- PAGE 13 ---
d 
Main C 
i) 0 
ID # 
February 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 
AGE, LLC 
PART IV. Executive Summary and Proposal Acceptance (continued) 
Pricing contained in this proposal is valid for 90 days from the date of this proposal. 
For further details/definition, see Part II Section C or click here)  
• 
The Aircraft Records and Condition Survey is limited in scope, and Gulfstream cannot guarantee that this Survey will 
uncover all problems that exist with the inspected aircraft. Ultimately, the buyer must rely on their own judgment as to 
the aircraft value and the seller's warranty, if any, as to the aircraft's condition. 
• 
For planning purposes, estimated material for the Aircraft Records and Condition Survey CMP packages (Items 1.2 
through 1.4) is approximately $7,000, and it does not include material required for clearing of any discrepancies. 
Page 13 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. July 11. 2016 
EFTA00590636
--- PAGE 14 ---
X e 
e.)
).. 
ID # 
February 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 
JEGE. LLC 
PART IV. Executive Summary and Proposal Acceptance (continued) 
Upon acceptance of this Proposal, the prices and quotes stated herein (subject to all contingencies or other stated 
assumptions) constitute a formal Fixed Price Quote, which is included in Gulfstream's standard Work Authorization 
Agreement Terms and Conditions. Your acceptance of all or any portion of this Proposal confirms your acknowledgement 
that you have read and express agreement to be bound by these terms. 
This Proposal expressly incorporates by reference and is subject to Gulfstream's standard Work Authorization Agreement 
Terms and Conditions which are attached hereto as ATTACHMENT A. The Work Authorization, which will include a Work 
Order which details all items of Work to be accomplished during the service visit, including those items selected and 
documented by Customer from this Proposal, will constitute the agreement between the parties and will supersede this 
Proposal when executed by both parties. The Work Authorization will be signed at the Aircraft's induction into the agreed 
Gulfstream Service Center. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Proposal to be executed by their duly authorized representatives. 
Copies of a fully executed agreement, emailed between the parties will be effective as an original signed agreement. 
JEGE. LLC 
("Customer") 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORPORATION 
("Gulfstream") 
By: 
By: 
Name:  
Name: Rusty Cramer 
Title: 
Title: 
Regional Sales Manager, Product Support Sales 
Date: 
Date: 
February 2017 
Please complete and return all pages of PART IV via fax ( 
or email 
Page 14 of 14 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
GAC Rev. July 11. 2016 
Return to Table of Contents 
EFTA00590637
--- PAGE 15 ---
ATTACHMENT A 
WORK AUTHORIZATION AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1. AGREEMENT. 
This Work Authorization Agreement, including documents incorporated by reference, (the 
"Agreement") identifies the services and materials (the "Work") to be provided by Gulfstream. its employees, agents. 
representatives, and contractors, (collectively "Gulfstream") to the aircraft identified on the first page of this Agreement 
(the "Aircraft") plus the associated terms and conditions of the Agreement. "Customer" means collectively the customer 
identified on the first page hereof, and all owners, operators. lessors, lessees and insurers of the Aircraft. "Gulfstream 
Parties" means Gulfstream, General Dynamics Corporation and each of their affiliates, including without limitation the Jet 
Aviation companies ("Jet Aviation"), and all such entities' employees, agents. representatives and contractors. This 
Agreement is the parties' entire agreement concerning the Work and replaces prior verbal or written agreements with 
respect thereto. This Agreement's terms and conditions (but excluding changes in the scope of the Work and overtime 
authorizations) may not be altered except by a writing that expressly references this Agreement and is signed by 
authorized representatives of both parties. 
2. WORK CHANGES. Customer authorizes Gulfstream to expend labor and materials reasonably appropriate to the 
mutually agreed Work. Work changes (including requests for overtime) require mutual agreement of the parties. 
Customer's oral changes increasing the scope of the Work or approving overtime are binding (unless otherwise provided 
by law). Customer payment of the invoice for any additional Work item is customer acknowledgement that the additional 
item was mutually agreed upon as part of the Work. 
3. PRICING. Except as otherwise specifically agreed between the parties in writing, all Work (including engineering 
services) performed under this Agreement is on a TIME AND MATERIALS BASIS unless expressly subject to a formal 
fixed-price quote signed by both Gulfstream and Customer. ESTIMATES OF EXPECTED HOURS/MATERIAL 
COSTS ARE NOT QUOTES AND ARE BILLED SOLELY ON A TIME AND MATERIALS BASIS. For time and 
materials Work: (a) labor (including engineering services) is billed according to the rates set forth in the Gulfstream 
Aircraft Services Rate Letter in effect as of the date the Work is performed; and (b) materials are billed according to 
Gulfsueam's standard prices in effect on the date the material is used. Any incremental charge under Gulfsueam's 
Component Exchanged Program will be billed by supplementary invoice. 
4. PAYMENT TERMS. For customers with available credit, and except as set forth below, payment terms are net 30 
days from date of invoice. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, for Work estimated to exceed One Hundred Thousand 
Dollars ($100,000.00) but less than Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000). Customer agrees to make progress payments on 
the following schedule: 50% of the estimated amount prior to commencement of Work on the Aircraft, and final payment 
of the remaining 50% 30 days from the date of final invoice. For Work estimated to exceed Three Million Dollars 
($3,000,000). Customer agrees to make progress payments on the following schedule: 30% of the estimated amount prior 
to commencement of Work on the Aircraft. 30% at the midpoint of the Work as reasonably established by Gulfstream, 
30% 30 days prior to the date of projected delivery as reasonably established by Gulfstream. Additional deposits may be 
required for long-lead or special purchased parts, which are not refundable, should the visit be cancelled or work scope 
changed to eliminate those items. Additional deposits may also be requested if there is a significant amount of growth in 
the scope of the Work, including significant material costs. If any portion of an invoice is disputed. then Customer shall 
nevertheless pay all undisputed amounts per this schedule. In any and all cases. Gulfstream shall not be required to release 
Customer's Aircraft to depart if Customer's total outstanding balance owed to the Gulfstream Parties exceeds the lesser of 
One Hundred Fifty Thousand ($150,000.00) or Customer's available credit limit. All sums past due bear interest at the 
lesser of 1.5% per month, or the maximum rate allowable by law, plus reimbursement for attorney fees and other costs of 
collection. For customers without available credit, including those without open credit terms (cash in advance, cash on 
delivery, etc.). as additional items are added to the Work, additional progress payments may be required to continue Work 
on the Aircraft and all remaining outstanding balances must be paid prior to Aircraft departure. 
5. TAXES. Customer is responsible for all Federal. State. local and foreign taxes, fees, levies. penalties, excises, 
charges, surcharges, import and export charges and other duties and tariffs ("Taxes") applicable to the Work performed 
hereunder, the materials used or transportation (other than taxes on income of Gulfstream) and Customer shall indemnify 
and hold Gulfstream harmless with respect thereto. 
5.1 Any and all payments by the Customer under the terms of this Agreement shall be exclusive of any Taxes. Customer 
shall bear, and shall indemnify Gulfstream for any such Taxes in the event they are or become due at any time in 
accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. Should customer be required by applicable law to withhold or deduct 
any Taxes from such payments, then the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required 
deductions, Gulfstream receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made. 
Rev. lune 16.2016 
of 4 
EFTA00590638
--- PAGE 16 ---
6. WARRANTY. 
6.1 GENERAL. Gulfstream warrants that the Work conforms to the pertinent specifications prescribed by the applicable 
aircraft/component manufacturer, and that any components or other items supplied hereunder (but excluding Customer-
furnished items) are free from defects in material and workmanship. This warranty extends to defects discovered within 
twelve (12) months, or one thousand (1.000) flight hours, whichever comes first, after completion of the Work; except that 
the warranty period for any Work performed as warranty work is equal to the pre-existing unexpired warranty period. 
Pans qualifying for the "Exclusive Gulfstream Parts Warranty Extension" Program, or other extended published 
Gulfstream warranty programs. if any, are entitled to an extended warranty period pursuant to the terms of such programs 
as they exist on the date this Agreement is executed. To the extent that any Work is being performed as warranty work 
under a service center warranty originally extended by a Gulfstream Party to a prior owner or operator of the Aircraft, then 
this Agreement shall constitute an assignment of such original warranty to Customer except that the terms and conditions 
thereof shall be those in this Agreement (including Sections 7, 8 and all other disclaimers and limitations in this 
Agreement). 
6.2 REMEDY. Gulfstream's sole obligation for breach of warranty for Work other than inspection activities, and 
Customer's sole remedy. is limited to the repair. replacement or correction (at Gulfstream's reasonable discretion) of the 
defective Work. All parts and labor required for disassembly. removal, installation and reassembly of the defective item 
are Gulfstream's expense. but only if the Work is performed at a Gulfstream or Jet Aviation facility authorized to work on 
the applicable aircraft model. Gulfstream is not responsible for any costs or expenses associated with transporting the 
Aircraft or warranted items to any repair facility. Gulfstream's sole obligation for negligent or otherwise defective 
inspection activities, including any damage to an Aircraft that results from any alleged negligent inspection. and 
Customer's sole remedy, is limited to refund of any payments made by Customer for that portion of such inspection that 
was defective. 
ADDITIONAL REMEDY FOR COLLATERAL AIRCRAFT DAMAGE. 
63.1 
In addition to the warranty remedy provided in Section 6.2. but subject to Section 6.3.2 below, if any defective 
Work, negligence or willful misconduct of a Gulfstream Party related to performance of this Agreement causes damage to 
the Aircraft within the warranty period set out in Section 6.1. then as Customer's sole remedy Gulfstream will repair at no 
charge (as further described below) any such Aircraft damage that is directly and immediately caused by a Gulfstream 
Party. Such repairs will be accomplished at a Gulfstream or Jet Aviation facility authorized to work on the aircraft model, 
and on the same terms and conditions hereof (excluding payment obligations) using methods selected by Gulfstream in its 
reasonable discretion: provided, however, if Gulfstream reasonably deems the Aircraft to be damaged beyond economical 
repair, then the sole remedy is for Gulfstream to pay Customer the Aircraft's pre-damage fair market value and for 
Gulfstream to receive clear title thereto. 
63.2 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement. Gulfstream's remedy obligations under this Agreement shall 
not include Aircraft damage that either (a) allegedly is caused by a negligent inspection where the damage occurs after 
completion of the Work or (b) is caused by a Right Operations Accident (as defined below) even if such accident is 
allegedly caused by a Gulfstream Party (including negligence of a Gulfstream employed flight crew member on the 
Aircraft). "Flight Operations Accident" means an accident or incident occurring between ramp movement for flight 
through takeoff. flight, landing, taxi and parking in which the Aircraft suffers damage from contact with the earth or other 
objects. 
6.4 TERMINATION OF WARRANTY. The warranties and Gulfstream's obligations for the repair of Aircraft 
Damage set forth above in Section 6 are void if either the Aircraft or warranted item have been subjected to maintenance. 
overhaul, installation, storage. operation, or use which is improper or not in accordance with the aircraft/component 
manufacturer's instructions (including failure to comply with approved operating and maintenance manuals, instructions 
or bulletins, or customary maintenance or airmanship practices), or to any accident or casualty that proximately causes or 
contributes to the failure or substandard performance of the warranted item or further damage to the Aircraft. 
6.5 CUSTOMER'S OBLIGATIONS. Gulfstream's warranty obligations hereunder are expressly conditioned upon 
compliance with all of the following: Customer must provide Gulfstream with written notice within 60 days after the 
defect becomes apparent; Customer must return or otherwise dispose of the item at issue as directed by Gulfstream within 
days after receipt of Gulfstream's instructions: and Customer shall maintain and make available to Gulfstream all 
records (including FDR, CVR and other aircraft recorded data) reasonably related to the maintenance, use and condition of 
the item at issue. 
Rev. June 16.2016 
of 4 
EFTA00590639
--- PAGE 17 ---
7. DISCLAIMERS. THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES IN SECTION 6 OF THIS AGREEMENT ARE EXCLUSIVE 
AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES (EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTY OF TITLE) AND 
REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS (INCLUDING FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE) (COLLECTIVELY "EXCLUDED WARRANTIES"). Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, 
Customer, on behalf of itself and all owners, operators, lessors, lessees, and insurers of the Aircraft, hereby waives and 
releases all rights, claims, and remedies (through subrogation or otherwise) with respect to any and all Excluded 
Warranties, duties, obligations, and liabilities in tort or contract arising by law or otherwise from this Agreement or the 
Work, including: (I) liability for a Gulfstream Party's own negligence or (2) strict liability or product liability. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Section 7 does not modify the rights and obligations of Gulfstream and Customer (or owner of 
Aircraft if different from Customer), as expressly stated in any Gulfstream Aircraft Warranty Agreement between the 
parties. 
8. EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER DAMAGES. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, the Gulfstream 
Parties shall not be liable for punitive, special. incidental or consequential damages that arise from or relate in any way to 
this Agreement, or the Aircraft's presence at a Gulfstream Patty's facility as a result of this Agreement. whether arising 
out of contract, warranty, tort or by statute or otherwise. Such excluded damages include damages for loss of use, loss of 
time, inconvenience, diminution in value or commercial loss. THE EXCLUSION OF SUCH DAMAGES AS SET 
FORTH HEREIN SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, 
SHALL BE DEEMED INDEPENDENT OF ALL WARRANTIES, AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS 
AGREEMENT, AND SHALL SURVIVE ANY FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY 
WARRANTY OR LIMITED REMEDY UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
9. INCIDENTAL CUSTOMER PROPERTY. Gulfstream assumes no responsibility or liability for any Incidental 
Customer Property brought or delivered to Gulfstream's premises by Customer, whether on the Aircraft or otherwise. 
"Incidental Customer Property" is any item associated with the Aircraft, its crew, representatives of the Customer, or its 
passengers, that is not a part of the certified Aircraft or directly related to its operation. such as loose aircraft or cabin 
equipment. typical catering supplies, or the like. Gulfstream reserves the right to decline to store any Incidental Customer 
Property on its premises which it deems, in its sole discretion, inappropriate or dangerous. The Customer is responsible 
for importing or exporting of Incidental Customer Property into or out of the boundaries of any nation and must adhere to 
all applicable import or export control laws and regulations. including without limitation Export Administration 
Regulations ("EAR") and International Traffic in Arms Regulations ("ITAR") for entries into and out of the United States. 
The Customer hereby agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold Gulfstream harmless from any and all claims made against 
Gulfstream arising out of Incidental Customer Property brought or delivered to Gulfstream's facilities, including losses 
incurred because of damage or theft, improper shipping or receiving, together with any criminal or civil penalties or other 
duties, imposts, taxes, liens or other obligation imposed by any governmental entity resulting from the presence of 
Incidental Customer Property on Gulfstream's facilities. 
10. LIABILITY TO THIRD PARTIES. The limitations of liability in these terms and conditions will not be 
interpreted to affect in any way a Gulfstream Party's obligations, if any, for third party personal injury, wrongful death or 
property damage other than the Aircraft or its contents. 
U. NO BAILMENT. No bailment is created by this Agreement, and Gulfstream shall not act as insurer of the Aircraft 
or any Incidental Customer Property while the Aircraft or Incidental Customer Property is present at Gulfstream's facility 
or otherwise in Gulfstream's custody or control. 
12. NO DELAY PENALTY. Gulfstream will use reasonable efforts to complete the Work in a timely manner. 
Reasonable efforts does not include overtime unless the Customer agrees to bear overtime charges. Notwithstanding such 
obligation. Gulfstream shall not under any circumstances be liable for damages. late delivery penalty. fee or the like 
should it fail to perform the Work within any period of time specified by the Parties. 
13. ACCEPTANCE OF DELIVERY. Gulfstream will tender the Aircraft to Customer for delivery at the facility 
where the Work was performed. unless otherwise agreed in writing. Customer shall promptly inspect the Work, and, upon 
correction or Customer approved deferral of any discrepancies in such Work, Customer shall accept the Aircraft. 
14. TITLE. Title to all materials installed in the Aircraft under this Agreement does not pass until acceptance and 
payment of the Work by Customer, through delivery of the Aircraft or as otherwise mutually agreed in writing. 
Rev. June 16.2016 
of 4 
EFTA00590640
--- PAGE 18 ---
15. EXCESS STORAGE CHARGE. Unless otherwise agreed between the parties in writing, should Customer's 
Aircraft remain at Gulfstream's facility following completion of the Work for more than five (5) days. for whatever reason 
(including a failure to pay for the Work performed), Gulfstream is authorized by Customer to charge the prevailing rate for 
day storage of aircraft as then charged by Fixed Base Operators for aircraft of similar size on the airport where the Aircraft 
is stored (but not less than $200.00 per day). Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing as part of this Agreement. 
Gulfstream is under no obligation to provide any maintenance services whatsoever to the Aircraft while being stored under 
this provision and any dilapidation of the Aircraft during such storage period shall be Customer's sole responsibility. 
16. SAFETY AND SECURITY. Customer's employees, agents. subcontractors and representatives shall abide by all 
applicable Gulfstream policies, procedures and safety protocols when present on Gulfstream's premises. 
17. INDEMNITY BY CUSTOMER ENTERING GULFSTREANI'S PREMISES FOR PERSONAL INJURY 
AND DAMAGE TO OTHER PROPERTY. Customer assumes the risk of and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless 
the Gulfstream Parties from and against any and all liability, damage, loss, cost and expense, including attorney's fees, on 
account of any claim, suit or action made or brought against a Gulfstream Party (including claims brought against a 
Gulfstream Party because of a Gulfstream Party's own negligence) for the death of or injury to employees, agents. 
representatives and subcontractors of Customer, or damage or destruction of property of Customer, its employees, agents. 
representatives or subcontractors, (other than damage or destruction of the Aircraft upon which Work is performed. which 
is addressed elsewhere under this Agreement) sustained arising from or related to Customer's presence on the Gulfstream 
Party's facilities (including its hangars and ramps but excluding a Gulfstream Party's customer lobby and customer 
briefing rooms) during the course of the Agreement, except for the willful misconduct of a Gulfstream Party or its 
employees acting within the scope of their employment. 
18. ARBITRATION. Any controversy or claim arising out of either this Agreement or Customer's service visit to 
Gulfstream shall be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, without regard for rules concerning conflicts of law, and 
settled by one (1) arbitrator (except if the claim is in excess of Two Million Dollars ($2.000,000.00), then by three (3) 
neutral arbitrators) under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in the City 
where the work hereunder was performed If the arbitration proceedings shall be conducted before a panel of three neutral 
arbitrators, the panel shall be selected using the following process: Within 15 days after the commencement of arbitration. 
each party shall select one person meeting the specified qualifications to act as neutral arbitrator, and the two thus selected 
shall select a third neutral arbitrator meeting the specified qualifications within 15 days of their appointment to act as the 
chair of the arbitration panel. If the arbitrators selected by the parties are unable to or fail to agree upon the third 
arbitrator, the third arbitrator shall be selected by the American AAA. In arbitration with a single arbitrator, the parties 
shall use their best efforts to agree upon an arbitrator(s) within thirty (30) days after service of the claim, and if agreement 
is not reached by such date then either party may request the AAA to appoint an arbitrator(s) in accordance with its rules. 
The United Nations. Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (frequently referred to as the 
"UNCISG") shall not apply. 
19. MISCELLANEOUS. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid under applicable law. such provision will 
be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement. If there is any 
conflict between these terms and conditions hereof and any document incorporated herein by reference. then these terms 
and conditions shall control unless such document expressly states the contrary. The words -include.- "including" and 
variations thereof are not terms of limitation and shall be deemed followed by "without limitation." Exports or re-exports 
of commodities, technology and software provided as part of the Work are subject to the U.S. Export Administration 
Regulations and diversion contrary to U.S. law is prohibited. Customer shall comply with all applicable U.S. export laws 
and regulations. The failure of any of the parties to exercise any right under this Agreement shall not be construed as a 
waiver or relinquishment for the future enforcement of such right at any time 
20. AUTHORIZATION OF AIRCRAFT OWNER/LESSOR/LESSEE. The person signing this Agreement on 
behalf of Customer represents, warrants and affirms that he is an AUTHORIZED AGENT OF THE AIRCRAFT 
OWNER(S), and, if applicable, lessor(s) and/or lessee(s) with full authority to enter into this Agreement and bind such 
owner(s), lessor(s), or lessee(s), with respect to all Work contemplated herein and on behalf of himself and his employer 
agrees to indemnify Gulfstream for all losses arising from any breach of this representation and warranty. 
Customer Acknowledgement: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Rev. June 16.2016 
of 4 
EFTA00590641
--- PAGE 19 ---
IDit 
Tiered Package • Aircraft Records and Condition Survey 
Mandatory 
Code 
Related 
Code 
Code Description 
Included in Material 
Estimate 
Lite Package - Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (Exhibit 1) 
Check Airworthiness Directives 
Check Customer Bulletins 
Perform Avionics Inventory 
Review Aircraft Status and Records 
Cockpit! Cabin / Bulimia Comoart. Above Floor General visual Inspection 
231001 
Avionics - Functional Ramp Test /Inspection 
291401 
Main Hydraulic System Manifold Differential Pressure Indicator (Left) - Detailed Inspection 
291402 
Right System Manifold Differential Pressure Indicator - Detailed Inspection 
292501 
Auxiliary Hydraulic Pump Manifold Differential Pressure Indicator* Detailed Inspection 
292502 
Power Transfer Unit Manifold Differential Pressure Indicator* Detailed Inspection 
316206 
Configuration Message • Operational Test 
321803 
Main Landing Gear and Doors (Left). Zonal Inspection 
321804 
Main Landing Gear and Doors (Right) - Zonal inspection 
322802 
Nose Landing Gear and Doors - Zonal Inspection 
324305 
Brake Wear Indicator (Left Outboard). Detailed Inspection 
324306 
Brake Wear Indicator (Left Inboard) • Detailed Inspection 
324307 
Brake Wear Indicator (Right Inboard)* Detailed Inspection 
324308 
Brake Wear Indicator (Right Outboard) - Detailed Inspection 
490001 
Auxiliary Power Unit - Functional Test 
491005 
APU Enclosure FS 767 - FS 797 - Zonal Inspection 
498001 
APU Exhaust Duct - General Visual Inspection 
531010 
Radome FS -4 thru FS 63 - Zonal Inspection 
530205 
Birdstrike Plate (Leh) - Removal / Installation 
530206 
Birdstrike Plate (Right) - Removal! Installation 
531015 
Nose Gear Wheel Well FS 44- FS 119- Zonal Inspection 
531045 
Main Gear Wheel Wells FS 576- FS 632 (Left) - Zonal Inspection 
531046 
Main Gear Wheel Wells FS 576- FS 632 (Right) - Zonal Inspection 
531047 
Main Gear Wheel Wells FS 576 - FS 632 (Cove Panel Drain Holes) - (Enhanced) Zonal Inspection 
531048 
Main Gear Wheel Wells FS 576 - FS 632 (Wiring Harness) - (Enhanced) Zonal Inspection 
531068 
External Fuselage • General Visual Inspection 
531080 
Left Electronic Equipment Rack FS 141 - FS 166 - Zonal Inspection 
531081 
Right Electronic Equipment Rack FS 147- FS 181 - Zonal Inspection 
531095 
Aft Fuselage Above Floor FS 758 - FS 974 - Zonal Inspection 
541005 
Pylons External (Left) - Zonal Inspection 
541006 
Pylons External (Right) - Zonal Inspection 
551003 
Horizontal Stabilizer - General Visual Inspection 
553040 
Vertical Stabilizer • General Visual Inspection 
570005 
Wing Upper Surface View from on Wing (Left) - Zonal Inspection 
570006 
Wing Upper Surface View from on Wing (Right) - Zonal inspection 
570009 
Wing Lower Surface (Left) • Zonal Inspection 
570010 
Wing Lower Surface (Right) - Zonal Inspection 
570013 
Upper Wino Extension BL 542 - BL 545 (View from on Wing) Matti- Zonal Inspection 
570014 
Upper Wino Extension BL 542- BL 545 (View from on Wing) (Right) - Zonal Inspection 
570015 
Lower Wing Extension BL 542 - BL 545 (View from Ground) {Lett) - Zonal Inspection 
, 
570016 
Lower Wing Extension BL 542 - BL 545 (View from Ground) (Right) - Zonal Inspection 
574015 
Wing Leading Edge External BL 44.0 - BL 529 Inboard of Navigation Light (Left) • Zonal Inspection 
574016 
Wing Leading Edge External BL 44.0 - BL 529 Inboard of Navigation Light (Right) • Zonal Inspection 
575001 
Wing Trailing Edge (Left) • Zonal Inspection 
575002 
Wing Trailing Edge (Right) • Zonal Inspection 
575003 
Wing Rear Beam (Left) • Zonal Inspection 
575004 
Wing Rear Beam (Right) • Zonal Inspection 
711315 
Powerplant and Nacelle Doors Internal (Left). Zonal Inspection 
711316 
Powerplant and Nacelle Doors Internal (Right) - Zonal Inspection 
717007 
LH Engine Drains System • Detailed Inspection 
717008 
RH Engine Drains System • Detailed Inspection 
Basic Package • Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (Exhibit 2) 
Basic Package is Exhibit 1 Codes plus the following codes: 
G5001 G550 Preflight Inspection Checklist (RSOCT - 113 Rev. 23) 
492301 
APU Compressor and Turbine Section • Borescope Inspection 
492102 
APU Branched Wiring Harness - Inspection 
494206 
Igniter Plug (Left) - Removal! Installation 
X 
Page 1 of 8 
EFTA00590642
--- PAGE 20 ---
IDS 
Tiered Package • Aircraft Records and Condition Survey 
Mandatory 
Code 
Related 
Code 
Code Description 
Included in Material 
Estimate 
494207 
Igniter Plug (Right) - Removal / Installation 
X 
494208 
APUjaniter Plug (k!ft) - Inspection / Check 
494209 
APU Igniter Pluo (Right) - Inspection / Check 
496102 
EGT Sensor No. 1 MB RE220-49.7559) - Removal / Installation 
497005 
APU Exhaust Gas and Temperature Sensor - Removal / Installation 
710025 
LH Engine Test 4 - Engine Power Assurance Check 
710011 
LH Engine Run - Pre-Operational Checks 
710013 
LH Engine Run - Checklist 
710026 
RH Engine Test 4 - Engine Power Assurance Check 
710012 
RH Engine Run - Pre-Operational Checks 
710014 
RH Engine Run - Checklist 
710029 
LH Engine Test 6 - Vibration Survey 
710030 
RH Engine Test 6 - Vibration Survey 
723101 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Blades • Detailed Inspection 
723102 
RH Low•pressure Compressor (Fan) Blades - Detailed Inspection 
724005 
LH High•pressure Turbine Stage 1 Rotor Blades • Special Detailed Inspection 
724006 
RH High•pressure Turbine Stage 1 Rotor Blades • Special Detailed Inspection 
724007 
LH High•pressure Turbine Nozzle Guide Vanes • Special Detailed Inspection 
742001 
LH Ignitor Plug (No. 1) - Removal/ Installation 
742005 
LH Igniter Plugs (Except CH34726 and CH34735) No. 1 - Detailed Inspection 
742023 
LH Ignition System - Operational Check 
742003 
LH Ignitor Plug (No. 2):  Removal! Installation 
742007 
LH Igniter Plugs (Except CH34726 and CH34735) No. 2 - Detailed Inspection 
724008 
RH High-pressure Turbine Nozzle Guide Vanes - Special Detailed Inspection 
742002 
RH Ignitor Plug (No. 1) - Removal / Installation 
742006 
RH Igniter Plugs (Except CH34726 and CH34735) No. 1 - Detailed Inspection 
742024 
RH Ignition System - Operational Check 
742004 
RH Ignitor Plug (No. 2) - Removal / Installation 
742008 
RH Igniter Plugs (Except CH34726 and CH34735) No. 2 - Detailed Inspection 
724009 
LH Combustion Liner • Special Detailed Inspection 
724010 
RH Combustion Liner - Special Detailed Inspection 
731023 
LH Low-Pressure Fuel Filter • Detailed Inspection 
731027 
LH Low-pressure Fuel Filter - Removal / Installation 
X 
710015 
LH Engine Test 1 - Wet Motor Operation Leak Check 
731024 
RH Low-pressure Fuel Filter • Detailed Inspection 
731028 
RH Low-pressure Fuel Filter - Removal / Installation 
X 
710016 
RH Engine Test 1 - Wet Motor Operation Leak Check 
790011 
LH Magnetic Chip Detectors - Detailed Inspection 
X 
710017 
LH Engine Run Leak Check Test 2A - LP Fuel System / Ox System 
790015 
LH Engine Fwd Bearing Chamber Magnetic Chip Detector - Removal / Installation 
790017 
LH Engine Aft Bearing Chamber Magnetic Chip Detector - Removal / Installation 
790019 
LH Engine Accessory Gear Box Magnetic Chip Detector - Removal / Installation 
790012 
RH Magnetic Chip Detectors - Detailed Inspection 
X 
710018 
RH Engine Run Leak Check Test 2A - LP Fuel System / Oil System 
790016 
RH Engine Fwd Bearing Chamber Magnetic Chip Detector - Removal / Installation 
790018 
RH Engine Aft Bearing Chamber Magnetic Chip Detector - Removal / Installation 
790020 
RH Engine Accessory Gear Box Magnetic Chip Detector - Removal / Installation 
792101 
LH Oil Pressure Filter - Detailed Inspection / Discard 
792105 
LH Oil System Pressure Filter Element - Removal/ Installation 
X 
792102 
RH Oil Pressure Filter • Detailed Inspection / Discard 
792106 
RH Oil System Pressure Filter Element - Removal / Installation 
X 
Standard Package • Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (Exhibit 3) 
Standard package is Exhibit 1 and Exhibit 2 Codes plus the following codes: 
321003 
Main Landing Gear Components (Left) - Detailed Corrosion Inspection 
X 
121500 
Hydraulic System Reservoir (Lett) - Servicing 
121501 
Hydraulic System Reservoir (Right) - Servicing 
290001 
Hydraulic System Bleedng Procedure 
290002 
Hydraulic System Bleed Procedure - Alternate 
321005 
Main Landing Gear (Left) - Lubrication 
321027 
Main Gear Trunnion Pin (Left Forward) - Removal / Installation 
321029 
Main Gear Trunnion Pin (Left Aft) - Removal / Installation 
321201 
Main Landing Gear Shock Absorber (Lehi - Servicing 
321217 
Main Landing Gear Shock Absorber (Leh0 - Removal / Installation 
321228 
Main Landing Gear Axle Fitting Attach Pin (Left) Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Application 
321235 
Main Landing Gear Axle Fitting and Axle Fitting Nut (Left) Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Application 
Page 2 of 8 
EFTA00590643
--- PAGE 21 ---
IDS 
Tiered Package - Aircraft Records and Condition Survey 
Mandatory 
Code 
Related 
Code 
Code Description 
Included in Material 
Estimate 
321239 
Main Landing Gear Shock Absorber Upper and Lower Attach Pins (Left) Corrosion Inhibiting Compound 
321243 
Main Landing Gear Sidebrace Actuator Attach Pins / Trunnion Area (Left) Corrosion Inhibiting Compound 
321247 
Main Landing Gear Unlock Roller (Left) Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Application 
321251 
Main Landing Gear Striker Arm (Left) Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Application 
321301 
Main Landing Gear Axle Fitting (Left) - Removal / Installation 
323006 
Landing Gear Emergency Extension Nitrogen Blow-down Bottle - Servicing 
323015 
Main Landing Gear Spindle Pin (Left) - Removal! Installation 
323021 
Main Landing Gear Sidebrace (Left) - Removal! Installation 
323900 
Landing Gear - Functional Test 
323901 
Landing Gear Emergency Extension - Operational Test 
323906 
Landing Gear Cycling - Operational Test 
324003 
Main Wheel Assembly (Left Outboard) - Removal / Installation 
324004 
Main Wheel Assembly (Left Inboard) - Removal / Installation 
324009 
Main Landing Gear Wheel Bearing (Left Outboard) - Inspection! Check 
324010 
Main Landing Gear Wheel Bearing (Lett Inboard) - Inspection/ Check 
324017 
Wheel and Brakes - Functional Test 
324101 
Main Wheel Brakes (Left) - Bleeding Procedures 
324105 
Brake Assembly (Left Outboard) - Removal! Installation 
324106 
Brake Assembly (Left Inboard) - Removal! Installation 
324110 
Brake System Temperature Sensor (Left Outboard) - Removal / Installation 
324111 
Brake System Temperature Sensor (Left Inboard) - Removal / Installation 
324124_ Parking / Emergency Brake Accumulator - Servicing 
324153 
Brake Rotor Drive Cr Lell Outboard) - Inspection 
324154 
Brake Rotor Drive Clip (Lell Inboard) - Inspection 
324202 
Antiskid - Functional Test 
324221 
Wheel Speed Transducer (Left Outboard) - Removal if Installation 
324222 
Wheel Speed Transducer (Left Inboard) - Removal! Installation 
321004 
Main Landing Gear Components (Right) - Detailed Corrosion Inspection 
X 
321006 
Main Landing Gear (Right) - Lubrication 
321028 
Main Gear Trunnion Pin (Right Forward) - Removal / Installation 
321030 
Main Gear Trunnion Pin (Right Aft) - Removal! Installation 
321202 
Main Landing Gear Shock Absorber (Right) - Servicing 
321218 
Main Landing Gear Shock Absorber (Right) - Removal! Installation 
321232 
Main Landing Gear Axle Fitting Attach Pin (Right) Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Application 
321236 
Main Landing Gear Axle Fitting and Axle Fitting Nut (Right) Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Application 
321240 
Main Landing Gear Shock Absorber Upper and Lower Attach Pins (Right) Corrosion Inhibiting Compound 
321244 
Main Landing Gear Sidebrace Actuator Mach Pins / Trunnion Area (Right) Corrosion Inhibiting Compound 
321248 
Main Landing Gear Unlock Roller (Right) Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Application 
321252 
Main Landing Gear Striker Arm (Right) Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Application 
321302 
Main Landing Gear Axle Fitting (Right) - Removal / Installation 
323016 
Main Landing Gear Spindle Pin (Right) - Removal! Installation 
323022 
Main Landing Gear Sidebrace (Right) - Removal! Installation 
324005 
Main Wheel Assembly (Right Inboard) - Removal! Installation 
324006 
Main Wheel Assembly (Right Outboard) - Removal / Installation 
324011 
Main Landing Gear Wheel Bearing (Right Inboard) - Inspection! Check 
324012 
Main Landing Gear Wheel Bearing (Right Outboard) - Inspection! Check 
324102 
Main Wheel Brakes (Right) - Bleedng Procedures 
324107 
Brake Assembly (Right Inboard) - Removal! Installation 
324108 
Brake Assembly (Right Outboard) - Removal! Installation 
324112 
Brake System Temperature Sensor (Right Inboard) - Removal / Installation 
324113 
Brake System Temperature Sensor (Right Outboard] - Removal! Installation 
324155 
Brake Rotor Drive Clip (Right Inboard) - Inspection 
324156 
Brake Rotor Drive Clip (Right Outboard) - Inspection 
324223 
Wheel Speed Transducer (Right Inboard) - Removal! Installation 
324224 
Wheel Speed Transducer (Right Outboard) - Removal! Installation 
322003 
Nose Landing Gear Components - Detailed Corrosion Inspection 
X 
321255 
Nose Landing Gear Shock Strut and Axle Assembly Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Application 
321256 
Nose Landing Gear Trunnion Assembly Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Application 
321259 
Nose Landing Gear Truss Brace Assembly Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Application 
321260 
Nose Landing Gear Upper Trunnion Attach Pins Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Application 
321263 
Nose Landing Gear Upper Drag Brace Attach Pin Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Application 
321264 
Nose Landing Gear Striker Arms Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Application 
322004 
Nose Landing Gear - Lubrication 
322202 
Nose Landing Gear Shock Strut - Servicing 
324001 
Nose Wheel Assembly (Lell) - Removal! Installation 
324002 
Nose Wheel Assembly (Right) - Removal! Installation 
324007 
Nose Wheel Bearings (Left) - Inspection ! Pack 
Page 3 of 8 
EFTA00590644
--- PAGE 22 ---
IDS 
Tiered Package • Aircraft Records and Condition Survey 
Mandatory 
Code 
Related 
Code 
Code Description 
Included in Material 
Estimate 
324008 
Nose Wheel Bearings (Right) - Inspection / Pack 
325003 
Steering - Functional Test 
Premium Package - Aircraft Records and Condition Survey (Exhibit 4) 
Premium Package is Exhibit 1. Exhibit 2 and Exhibit 3 Codes plus the following codes: 
1A/500 Hour Inspection Codes 
121400 
LH Air Turbine Starter Oil • Change 
X 
121401 
RH Air Turbine Starter Oil - Change 
X 
242111 
Integrated Drive Generator (Left) - Detailed Inspection 
242109 
Integrated Drive Generator (Left) - Oil Level Check 
242141 
Integrated Drive Generator Oil Scavenger Filter Dillerential Pressure Indicator (Left) - Inspection 
242112 
Integrated Drive Generator (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
242110 
Integrated Drive Generator (Right) - Oil Level Check 
242142 
Integrated Drive Generator Oil Scavenger Filter Dillerential Pressure Indicator (Right)_ Inspection 
242115 
Integrated Drive Generator (Left) - Servicing 
242116 
Integrated Drive Generator (Right) - Servicing 
256282 
Personal Breathing Eauipment (No. 1) - Detailed Inspection 
256281 
Personal Breathing Equipment (No. 1) - Removal / Installation 
256285 
Personal Breathing Equipment (No. 2) - Detailed Inspection 
256284 
Personal Breathing Equipment (No. 2) - Removal / Installation 
271107 
Aileron Actuator Load Relief Bungee Assembly (Left) - Inspection 
271108 
Aileron Actuator Load Relief Bungee Assembly (Right) - Inspection 
271307 
Aileron Hydraulic Boost Actuator (Left) • Inspection 
271308 
Aileron Hydraulic Boost Actuator (Right). Inspection 
273008 
Elevator Actuator Load Relief Bungee (Left) - Inspection 
273009 
Elevator Actuator Load Relief Bungee (Right) • Inspection 
273407 
Elevator Hydraulic Dual Tandem Actuator (Left) - Inspection 
273408 
Elevator Hydraulic Dual Tandem Actuator (Right) - Inspection 
275019 
Rap Actuator Travel Nut (Left) - Lubrication 
275020 
Rap Actuator Travel Nut (Right) - Lubrication 
281407 
Gravity Water / Fuel Drain Valve (Left) - Operational Test 
281408 
Gravity Water / Fuel Drain Valve (Right) • Operational Test 
304105 
Windshield Surface Seal (Left) - Detailed Inspection 
304106 
Windshield Surface Seal (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
315001 
Central Warning System (Including Audio) • Operational Test 
321045 
Main Landing Gear and Attachments (Left) - General Visual Inspection 
321046 
Main Landing Gear and Attachments (Right) - General Visual Inspection 
321801 
Main Landing Gear Door Hinges (Left) - Lubrication 
321802 
Main Landing Gear Door Hinton (Right) - Lubrication 
322006 
Nose Landing Gear and Attachments • General Visual Inspection 
322801 
Nose Landing Gear Door Hinges - Lubrication 
325201 
Nose Wheel Steering Unit - Lubrication 
325202 
Nose Wheel Steering Collar Assembly / Slave Gear - Lubrication 
334050 
Navigation (Position) Light Lens - Detailed Inspection 
531012 
Exterior Radome Fairing Installation - Detailed Inspection 
531014 
Enhanced Vision System Sapphire Window Installation - Detailed Inspection 
571200 
Rear Spar - Inspection 
280010 
Refueling / Delueling Procedures - Servicing 
723103 
L/1 Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Fillers - Detailed Inspection 
723109 
LH Low-pressure Compressor Inlet Cone - Detailed Inspection 
723161 
LH LP Compressor Front Blade Retaining Ring - Detailed Inspection 
723165 
LH Front Blade Retaining Ring - Removal / Installation 
723801 
LH Low-pressure Compressor Nose Cone - Removal / Installation 
723805 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 1 - Removal / Installation 
723806 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 2 - Removal / Installation 
723807 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 3 - Removal / Installation 
723808 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 4 - Removal / Installation 
723809 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 5 - Removal / Installation 
723810 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 6 - Removal / Installation 
723811 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 7 - Removal / Installation 
723812 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 8 - Removal / Installation 
723813 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 9 - Removal / Installation 
723814 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 10 - Removal / Installation 
Page 4 018 
EFTA00590645
--- PAGE 23 ---
IDS 
Tiered Package • Aircraft Records and Condition Survey 
Mandatory 
Related 
Included in Material 
Code 
Code 
Code Description 
Estimate 
723815 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filter No. 11 - Removal! Installation 
723816 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filter No. 12 - Removal! Installation 
723817 
LH Low-pressure Compressor IFan) Annulus Filler No. 13 - Removal! Installation 
723818 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 14 - Removal / Installation 
723819 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 15 - Removal / Installation 
723820 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 16 - Removal / Installation 
723821 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 17 - Removal / Installation 
723822 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 18 - Removal / Installation 
723823 
LH Low-pressure Compressor IFan) Annulus Filler No. 19 - Removal/ Installation 
723824 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 20 - Removal / Installation 
723825 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 21 - Removal / Installation 
723826 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 22 - Removal / Installation 
723827 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 23 - Removal / Installation 
723828 
LH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 24 - Removal / Installation 
723853 
LH Nose Cone Rotating Fairing - Removal / Installation 
723104 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Fillers • Detailed Inspection 
723109 
RH Low-pressure Compressor Inlet Cone - Detailed Inspection 
(723110) 
723161 
RH LP Compressor Front Blade Retaining Ring - Detailed Inspection 
(723162) 
723165 
RH Front Blade Retaining Ring - Removal 1 Installation 
(7231661 
723801 
RH Low-pressure Compressor Nose Cone - Removal / Installation 
(723802) 
723805 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 1 - Removal / Installation 
(723829) 
723806 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 2 - Removal / Installation 
(7238301 
723807 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 3 - Removal / Installation 
(723831) 
723808 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 4 - Removal / Installation 
(723832) 
723809 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 5 - Removal / Installation 
(7238331 
723810 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 6 - Removal / Installation 
(723834) 
723811 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 7 - Removal / Installation 
(723835) 
723812 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 8 - Removal / Installation 
(7238361 
723813 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 9 - Removal / Installation 
(723837) 
723814 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 10 - Removal / Installation 
(723838) 
723815 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 11 - Removal / Installation 
(7238391 
723816 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 12 - Removal / Installation 
(723840) 
723817 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 13 - Removal / Installation 
(723841) 
723818 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 14 - Removal / Installation 
(7238421 
723819 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 15 - Removal / Installation 
(732843) 
723820 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 16 - Removal / Installation 
(723844) 
723821 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 17 - Removal / Installation 
(723845) 
723822 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 18 - Removal / Installation 
(723846) 
723823 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 19 - Removal / Installation 
(723847) 
723824 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 20 - Removal / Installation 
(723848) 
723825 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 21 - Removal / Installation 
(7238491 
723826 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 22 - Removal / Installation 
(723850) 
Page 5 of 8 
EFTA00590646
--- PAGE 24 ---
IDS 
Tiered Package - Aircraft Records and Condition Survey 
Mandatory 
Code 
Related 
Code 
Code Description 
Included in Material 
Estimate 
723827 
(723851) 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 23 - Removal / Installation 
723828 
(7238521 
RH Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Filler No. 24 - Removal / Installation 
723853 
(723854) 
RH Nose Cone Rotating Fairing - Removal / Installation 
793001 
LH Oil Fitter Differential Pressure Indicator - Detailed Inspection 
793002 
RH Oil Filter Differential Pressure Indicator - Detailed Inspection 
888010 
BR700-80-900340 - Air Turbine Starter Oil Level 
898010 
BR700-80-900340 - Air Turbine Starter Oil Level 
IC /12 Month Inspection Codes 
237004 
Cockpit Voice Recorder - Operational Test 
240121 
Emergency Battery Power System (Left) - Operational Test 
240122 
Emergency Battery Power System (Right) • Operational Test 
240123 
Emergency Battery Power System (Forward) - Operational Test 
240124 
Emergency Battery Power System (Aft) - Operational Test 
243011 
L Main Battery - Capacity Check 
243001 
Main Battery (Left) - Removal / Installation 
243012 
R Main Battery - Capacity Check 
243002 
Main Battery (Right) - Removal / Installation 
256017 
Fire / Crash Axe - Inspection 
256026 
Smoke Hood (Pilot) - Detailed Inspection 
256027 
Smoke Hood (Copilot) - Detailed Inspection 
256028 
Smoke Hood (Observer) - Detailed Inspection 
256043 
First Aid Kit (No.1)- Detailed Inspection 
256041 
First Aid Kit INo. 11- Removal : Installation 
256044 
First Aid KR (No. 2)- Detailed Inspection 
256042 
First Aid Kit (No. 2) 
256071 
Flashlight (No. 1)- Operational Test 
256061 
Flashight (No. 1) 
256072 
Flashlight (No. 2) - Operational Test 
256062 
Flashight (No. 2) 
256073 
Flashlight (No. 3) - Operational Test 
256063 
Flashight (No.3) 
256074 
Flashlight (No. 4) - Operational Test 
256064 
Flashight (No.4) 
256075 
Flashlight (No. 51- Operational Test 
256065 
Flashlight (No. 5) 
256161 
Medical Kit - Detailed Inspection 
256160 
Medical kit 
256201 
Lite Vest(s) - Detailed Inspection 
256211 
tile Vest (No. 1) - Removal / Installation 
256212 
tile Vest (No. 2) - Removal / Installation 
256213 
tile Vest (No. 31 - Removal / Installalion 
256214 
Life Vest (No. 41 - Removal / Installation 
256215 
tile Vest (No. 5) - Removal / Installation 
256216 
Life Vest (No. 6) - Removal / Installation 
256217 
Life Vest (No. 7) - Removal / Installation 
256218 
Life Vest (No. 8) - Removal / Installation 
256219 
Life Vest (No. 91 - Removal / Installation 
256220 
Life Vest (No. 10) - Removal / Installation 
256221 
Life Vest (No. 11) - Removal / Installation 
256222 
Life Vest (No. 12) - Removal / Installation 
256223 
Life Vest (No. 13) - Removal / Installation 
256224 
Life Vest (No. 14) - Removal / Installation 
256225 
Life Vest (No. 15) - Removal / Installation 
256226 
Life Vest (No. 16) - Removal / Installation 
256227 
Life Vest (No. 17) - Removal / Installation 
256228 
Life Vest (No. 18) - Removal / Installation 
256229 
Life Vest (No. 19) - Removal / Installation 
256230 
Life Vest (No. 20) - Removal / Installation 
256231 
Life Vest (No. 21) - Removal / Installation 
256232 
Life Vest (No. 22) - Removal / Installation 
256233 
Life Vest (No. 23) - Removal / Installation 
256234 
Life Vest (No. 24) - Removal / Installation 
256235 
Life Vest (No. 25) - Removal / Installation 
Page 6 of 8 
EFTA00590647
--- PAGE 25 ---
IDS 
Tiered Package • Aircraft Records and Condition Survey 
Mandatory 
Code 
Related 
Code 
Code Description 
Included in Material 
Estimate 
256236 
Life Vest (No. 26) - Removal! Installation 
256250 
Life Vest (Pilot) - Removal! Installation 
256251 
Life Vest (Copilot) - Removal / Installation 
256252 
Life Vest (Observer) - Removal i Installation 
256253 
Life Vest (Crew Member) - Removal i Installation 
256202 
Life Raft(s) (No. 1) - Detailed Inspection 
256260 
Life Rall (No. 1) - Removal /Installation 
256203 
Life Raft(s) (No. 2) - Detailed Inspection 
256261 
Life Rail (No. 2) - Removal / Installation 
256306 
Emergency Locator Transmitter - Operational Test (FAR 91.207) 
256301 
Emergency Locator Transmitter - Removal /Installation 
256311 
Emergency Locator Transmitter - Operational Check 
262559 
Trash Receptacle Enclosure (Credenza) - Detailed Inspection 
262560 
Trash Receptacle Enclosure (Aft Lavatory) - Detailed Inspection 
262561 
Trash Receptacle Enclosure (Forward Lavatory) - Detailed Inspection 
262562 
Trash Receptacle Enclosure (Aft Galley! Annex) - Detailed Inspection 
262563 
Trash Receptacle Enclosure (Forward Galley! Annex). Detailed Inspection 
262564 
Trash Receptacle Enclosure (Crew Refreshment Area) • Detailed Inspection 
262565 
Trash Receptacle Enclosure (VIP Cabinet) • Detailed Inspection 
262568 
Trash Receptacle Enclosure (Midcabin Galley) • Detailed Inspection 
262582 
Trash Receptacle Fire Extinguisher Nozzles (Credenza)* Detailed Inspection 
262583 
Trash Receptacle Fire Extinguisher Nozzles (Aft Lavatory) • Detailed Inspection
262584 
Trash Receptacle Fire Extinguisher Nozzles (Forward Lavatory) • Detailed Inspection 
262585 
Trash Receptacle Fire Extinguisher Nozzles (Aft Galley I Annex) • Detailed Inspection 
262586 
Trash Receptacle Fire Extinguisher Nozzles (Forward Galley! Annex) • Detailed Inspection 
262587 
Trash Receptacle Fire Extinguisher Nozzles (Crew Refreshment Area) • Detailed Inspection 
262588 
Trash Receptacle Fire Extinguisher Nozzles (VIP Cabinet) - Detailed Inspection 
262589 
Trash Receptacle Fire Extinguisher Nozzles (Mideabin Galley) • Detailed Inspection 
262601 
Portable Heron Fire Extinguisher (Cockpit) - Inspection 
262600 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Cokpit) . Removal? Installation 
262602 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Cockpit) - Weight Cheek 
262611 
Portable Melon Fire Extinguisher (Forward Cabin) - Inspection 
262610 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Forward Cabin) - Removal 1 Installation 
262612 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Forward Cabin) - Weight Check 
262621 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Aft Cabin) - Inspection 
262620 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Alt Cabin) - Removal! Installation 
262622 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Aft Cabin) - Weight Check 
262631 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Aft Lavatory) - Inspection 
262630 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Alt Lavatory) - Removal / Installation 
262632 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Aft Lavatory) - Weight Check 
262642 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Baggage Compartment)- Weight Check 
262640 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Baggage Compartment). Removal / Installation 
262641 
Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Baggage Compartment) - Inspection 
335020 
Cabin Emergency Lighting - Operational Test 
353002 
Portable Oxygen Bottle and Mask Assembly (No. 1)- Detailed Inspection 
353001 
Portable Oxygen Bottle (No. 1) . Removal / Installation 
353007 
Portable Oxygen Bottle and Mask Assembly (No. 2)- Detailed Inspection 
353006 
Portable Oxygen Bottle (No. 2) - Removal / Installation 
382003 
Water Sterilizer Filter - Discard 
X 
381039 
Water Sterilizer - Removal! Installation 
381029 
Water System - Operational Test 
382002 
Water Sterilizer Filter - Removal / Installation 
521010 
Main Entrance Door - Lubrication 
521015 
Main Entrance Door - Operating Procedures 
523005 
Baggage Compartment Door - Lubrication 
525001 
Auxiliary Pressure Bulkhead Door Seal • Detailed Inspection 
2A! 1000 Hour Inspection Codes 
271110 
Aileron Inter-Column Linkage Disconnect Assemblies - Operational Test 
271303 
Aileron Hardover Prevention System (Left) - Operational Cheek 
271103 
Aileron! Flight Spoiler Control System - Functional Test 
271141 
Aileron Actuator Load Relief Bungee (Left) - Load Inspection 
271304 
Aileron Hardover Prevention System (Right) - Operational Cheek 
271142 
Aileron Actuator Load Relief Bungee (Right) - Load Inspection 
272004 
Rudder Torque Tube Bearing - Lubrication 
Page 7 of 8 
EFTA00590648
--- PAGE 26 ---
IDIt 
Tiered Package - Aircraft Records and Condition Survey 
Mandatory 
Code 
Related 
Code 
Code Description 
Included in Material 
Estimate 
272301 
Rudder Hardover Prevention System - Operational Test 
272113 
Rudder and Trim Control System - Operational Check 
273032 
Longitudinal Control System Friction Check - Inspection / Check 
273113 
Elevator Inter-Column Linkage Disconnect Assembly - Operational Test 
273405 
Elevator Hardover Prevention System - Operational Test 
271143 
Elevator Actuator Load Reliel Bungee (Left) - Load Inspection 
271144 
Elevator Actuator Load Reliel Bungee (Right) - Load Inspection 
273005 
Elevator Control System - Operational Test 
274106 
Emergency Horizontal Stabilizer (Backup Mode) - Operational Test 
276201 
Ground Spoiler Auto Deploy Rejected Takeoff Mode - Operational Test 
276202 
Ground Spoiler Manual Retract Mode - Operational Test 
493404 
APU Fuel System Components. Lines and Connections - General Visual Inspection 
711003 
Inlet Cowl Aerodynamic Surfaces (Left) - Detailed Inspection 
711004 
Inlet Cowl Aerodynamic Surfaces (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
711005 
Cowl Fasteners and Attachment Features (Left) - Detailed Inspection 
711006 
Cowl Fasteners and Attachment Features (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
711007 
Inlet Cowl Rear Bulkhead External Surfaces (Left) - Detailed Inspection 
711008 
Inlet Cowl Rear Bulkhead External Surfaces (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
711015 
Axed Cowls (Left) • Detailed Inspection 
711016 
Axed Cowls (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
723401 
LH Fan Track / Cold Stream Duct • Detailed Inspection 
723402 
RH Fan Track / Cold Stream Duet • Detailed Inspection 
780005 
Thrust Reverser and Exhaust (Left) - Zonal Inspection 
783115 
Thrust Reverser Deactivate / Activate (Lett) - Procedure 
780006 
Thrust Reverser and Exhaust (Right) • Zonal Inspection 
783116 
Thrust Reverser Deactivate / Activate (Right) - Procedure 
783009 
Thrust Reverser Front Face Torsion Box Front Frame (Left) - Detailed Inspection 
783010 
Thrust Reverser Front Face Torsion Box Front Frame (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
801011 
LH Air Turbine Starter Magnetic Chip Collector - Detailed Inspection 
801012 
RH Air Turbine Starter Magnetic Chip Collector - Detailed Inspection 
Page 8 of 8 
EFTA00590649

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590650.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590650.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL SUBMISSION TO 
THE OFFICE OF THE DEPUTY 
ATTORNEY GENERAL 
RE J. EPSTEIN 
EFTA00590650

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590651.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valuation Report 
2/28/2015 
EFTA00590651
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUMMARY OF ASSETS - FEBRUARY 28, 2015 
1/31/15 
2/28/15 
$ 
Asset 
Value 
Value 
Change 
Cash 
222,395,438 
221,584,055 
(811,383) 
Fixed Income 
60,825,140 
60,752,487 
(72,653) 
Equities 
46,878,464 
50,160,142 
3,281,678 
Equity ETF's 
2,953,200 
3,232,200 
279,000 
FX - Options & Derivatives 
319,338 
366,967 
47,629 
Hedge Funds 
41,626,208 
41,367,959 
(258,250) 
Investments 
20,716,911 
21,616,911 
900,000 
Aviation, Automobiles & Boats 
13,400,000 
13,400,000 
Loans Receivable 
772,446 
772,446 
-
Fine Arts, Antiques & Jewelry 
7,500,000 
500 000 
o 
Total Assets 
417,387,146 
420,753,167 
3,366,021 
Cash Activity - Items over 50.000 
Service Master Co Bond - called by lottery 838,800 of 1,000,000 
888,280 
Dividends, Interest Income & Other Distributions - per SFL stmt 
615,344 
Highbridge Redemption Multistratedy - Final payment - Haze 
113,297 
Highbridge Redemption Multistratedy - Final payment - SFL 
62,943 
Martin Weinberg - Jan invoice 
(62,500) 
Artefacto 
(124,162) 
Miscellaneous 
(104,585) 
Valar Global Fund II (cap call) 
(900,000) 
Monthly Spending 
(1,300,000) 
Total Cash Activity - Items over 50,000 
(811,383) 
EFTA00590652

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590653.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590653.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN 
AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: CACE 15-000072 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and PAUL G. 
CASSELL, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant(s). 
RE-NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEO DEPOSITION DUCES TECUM 
(Change of Location only) 
TO: 
All counsel on the attached Counsel List 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned attorneys will take video deposition(s) of: 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
DATE AND TIME 
LOCATION 
Alan M. Dershowitz 
10/12/15 and 10/13/15 
Cole, Scott & Kissane 
Starting at 9:30 a.m. each day 
110 S.E. 6th Street 
Until completed 
Suite 1850 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Above & Beyond Reprographics 
*DUCES TECUM: TO HAVE AND BRING WITH YOU AT THE TIME OF THE 
DEPOSITION THE FOLLOWING: 
1. 
Copies of any and all documents reflecting or relating to any and all occasions on 
which you have been physically present on Little Saint James Island including but not limited to 
EFTA00590653

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590654.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590654.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sachs Diaz & Diaz, PL. 
Certified Public Accountants 
October 6, 2015 
Joe Titone Es . 
Re: ma Model Management 
"CONFIDENTIAL** 
Dear Mr. Titone: 
Our office has compiled the information provided by Mc2 Model Management for the 
years 2006-2014, we have concluded that the total lost profits total the sum of 
($49,00Z685) Forty Nine Million Two Thousand Six Hundred Eighty Five based on the 
schedules attached, summarized below: 
• t
$1,567.829 
2006 
2007 
$1,697,707 
2008 
$2,059,526 
2009 
$2,890,375 
2010 
$3,638,196 
2011 
$4,426,862 
2012 
$7,732,796 
2013 
$8,180,739 
2014 
$11,112,972 
As of 2015 
$5,685,683 
TOTAL LOST PROFIT 
(Actual NI — Projected NI) 
$49,002,685 
Please be advised that these loses are based on our investigation/calculations and 
interviews with our client. 
Should you have any questions, please feel free to contact our office. 
Very 
mdz/mv 
yiDiaz,CI 
For the Firm 
Members of American and Florida Institutes of Certified Public Accountant 
Telephone: 
• Facsimile 
EFTA00590654

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590655.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590655.pdf
----------------------------------------
CURE 
With, 5 ter 
• 5 brit
-en^ 
Private Concert and Dinner 
P0,441 co-14,64a" 
Hosted by 
Constance J. Milstein and Father Rick Curry, S.J. 
November 10, 2015 
Reception I Dinner 
Details to Follow I Non-Transferable 
Dog Tag Bakery 
3206 Grace St NW, 
Washington, DC 20007 
Our Mission 
is to cure epilepsy, transforming and saving millions of lives. We identify and fund cutting-edge 
research, challenging scientists worldwide to collaborate and innovate in pursuit of this goal. 
Our commitment is unrelenting. 
EFTA00590655

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590656.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590656.pdf
----------------------------------------
knowledge universe 
estimated 
fy 2015 
tax 
long term 
basis 
gain 
12/31/2014 
proceeds 
(loss) 
kue Ip 
24,227,698 
5,770,390 
(18,457,308) 
kue 1 1p 
propco 
1,324,613 
kue 4 1p 
opco 
1,660,663 
16,904,400 
15,243,737 
net 
(3,213,571) 
EFTA00590656

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590657.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590657.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
INVOICE 
Generated: Thu. 02 April 2015 17:12:40 
Page I of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
AgentDetalls 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket Information for 
Charges 
Airline Name 
Jetblue 
02/04/2015 
Total Charged to American Express 
455.17 
Airways 
Ticket Date 
Ticket Number 
7586180495 
Invoice 
1623572 
Electronic 
Yes 
Ticket Base Fare 
410.30 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
44.87 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
455.17 
Ticket Information for a 
Charges 
Airline Name 
Jetblue Airways 
Ticket Date 
02/04/2015 
Total Charged to American Express 
455.17 
Ticket Number 
7586180496 
Invoice 
1623572 
Electronic 
Yes 
Ticket Base Fare 
410.30 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
44.87 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
455.17 
The Baggage Rules of Jetblue Airways apply to this itinerary. and can be accessed by visiting 
htto ,M):Runextravacc,mbaggage 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Friday 03 Apr 15 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Jetblue Airways 
B6761 
New York. La Guardia 
West Palm Beach. Palm Beach International 
07:40 PM 
10:39 PM 
Terminal B 
H Economy Class 
SC. 5D 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Number of Stops 
Hrs 59 Mins 
Airbus Industrie A320-100/200 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 3 
Invoice DDNYFR 
A.YE RICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00590657
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Additional Messages 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available* 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at nwniamencanexpressiccalifi—. 
To book your stay, visit amerIcanexpress.coreWhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cat Centurion Travel Service for derails 
•• Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wvnv.allianzcom. Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise. accommodations, transportation or other senrices, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services include's?. without limitation, a cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to squire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
• Fntry and Fxit Infnernatinn fnr Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodicaly review y4651.1(ilare-MaLCSIM for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel 
destnation. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
• Air Transportation Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit http://myamextravelcomittatiolconditions fa more information. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carnage of hazardous materials aboard Swart in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include exposives. compressed gases, flammable liquids and solds. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases, oxygen bottles, and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet affides carried in you' luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or
on your person. A violation can result in five years' imprisonment and penalties of 3250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials nclude explosives, compressed 
gases, flammable (quids and sods. oxidizers, poisons, corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants, lighter fluid, fireworks. tear gases, oxygen bottles, and 
radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoke's' 
materials camed on your person. For further information contact your airine representative a visit Ifitolivnvivfaa spvfabouttinitialiviacitinvmaf_safetz,; 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense a damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations, accidents or 
falures of equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civi 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public interne'. telecommunications lines or facilities. or third party technology systems. a any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you ei finding travel suppliers and maths' arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppliers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
Page 2 of 3 
Invoice DDNYFR 
:AM
ECPRESS 
EFTA00590658
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supportng technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction rs covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than 550 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider a such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
makenum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed $15.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your dam 
and a $35 processiva fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977£001: a by 
visiting TCRC's webske at: mwricrenfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation a other services are canceled by the seller of travel. all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
gated between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were riot sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product andlor date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of travel services a a 
vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtan information relating to your rights under the Recovery 
Fund and the fang of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund. you may contact the Consumer Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at 
the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA 1850 East Sahara Avenue. Suite 101, Las Vegas. Nevada 89104. Phone: 
Far 
ernatl: 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane. Building B. Suite 113. Reno. Nevada 89502. Phone: 
California CST/11022318. Washington U81%600-469-694. Iowa TA#002. Nevada NV#2001.0126. 
Fax: 
. 
Page 3 of 3 
Invoice DDNYFR 
E-)O, RE SS 
EFTA00590659

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590660.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590660.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
VA
Dodd-Frank Title VII Regulation: Annual Notice of Right to Segregation of 
Initial Margin for Uncleared Swaps ("IM") 
Dear Collateral Officer': 
Deutsche Bank AG ("Deutsche Bank') is provisionally registered as a swap dealer with the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (-CFTC") under The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (-Dodd-
Frank"). This communication is to remind you that if you are a U.S. Person or a Guaranteed Affiliate or 
Affiliate Conduit of a U.S. Person (each as defined by the CFTC), you have a right to segregate any initial margin 
that you post in respect of CFTC-regulated uncleared swaps. 
In accordance with CFTC rule 23.701, we are notifying you that, to the extent you post IM in respect of any CFTC-
regulated uncleared swap with us that is executed on or subsequent to the applicable compliance date, you have the 
right to elect that IM be segregated in accordance with the requirements set forth in CFTC rules 23.702 and 23.703 
(the "CFTC Segregation Regime"). Unless you wish to change the election you previously made (or were deemed to 
have made), your existing segregation arrangements. if any. will remain in effect and will apply to future CFTC-
regulated uncleared swap transactions. You may change your election at any time by delivering written notice to us. 
If you elect to require the CFTC Segregation Regime, certain documentation, including a tri-party custodial agreement 
that meets the requirements of the CFTC Segregation Regime, must be put in place. Choosing this election might 
prevent us from entering into new CFTC-regulated uncleared swaps with you until such documentation is in place.2
Unless your most recent election with us is to require the CFTC Segregation Regime, if you do not respond within 
twenty (20) business days of receipt of this Annual Notice of Right to Segregation of Initial Margin, we will deem you to 
have confirmed receipt of this notice by your Collateral Officer and to have made an election to not require the CFTC 
Segregation Regime. In the event you execute an Uncleared Swap with us after receipt of this notice but prior to the 
expiration of the above period, and we have not otherwise obtained your election, we will deem you to have confirmed 
receipt of this Annual Notice of Right to Segregation of Initial Margin by your Collateral Officer and to have made an 
election to not require the CFTC Segregation Regime. 
A non-exclusive list of custodians that are currently considered acceptable to us for the CFTC Segregation Regime as 
w II 
in i 
iv 
dcing information is provided in the Deutsche Bank Dodd-Frank Resource Centre 
( 
). Please use the password: 
(This password is being provided for your use as a 
Client of Deutsche Bank. Please do not share it outsi 
y u I 
itution.) 
If you have any questions regarding this notice or to receive an IM Segr 
" 
tter form or to update 
previously provided information, please contact your sales representative or 
"Collateral Officer means an officer responsible for the management of collateral, or. if you have not identified such officer to us. then the Chief 
Risk Officer of Counterparty, or if no such officer. the Chief Executive Officer, or it none. the highest-level decision-maker for Counterparty. 
Please note that any existing custodial arrangements whether legally required or bargained for independently, might not contain the same terms 
as the CFTC Segregation Regime and therefore might need to be revised it IM segregation in accordance with the CFTC Segregation Regime is 
elected. Parties wishing to elect IM segregation in accordance with CFTC Segregation Regime might wish to consult with legal counsel. 
2015 
EFTA00590660

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590661.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590661.pdf
----------------------------------------
COCKPIT 
PNEUMATIC 
OVERTE MP 
TO 
SENSOR 
COCKPIT 
- - - - - - - - 
CABIN DUCT 
TEMPERATURE 
SENSOR 
Figure 11-5. Refrigeration Unit 
TI PAPERATuRE 
CONTROL YAWL 
1O11O4.11 MOTOR 
SUPPLY AIR 
1-ROM MORI SERVO 
CONTROL SYSTEM 
;
TEMPERATURE 
CONTROL VALVE 
ANTI-ICE 
VALVE 
AN Ii-ICE 
VALVE 
SUPPLY All 
FROM LEI SERVO 
CONTROL SYSTEM 
TEMPERATURE CONTROL VALVE TORQUE MOTOR 
- 
REAR PRESSURE 
BULKHEAD 
OVERBOARD 
BYPASS 
DOOR 
BYPASS CHECK VALVE 
TO OVERT EMPERMURE 
BYPASS 
ION AT 45O°F)- "r 
DOORS 
_
PRIMARY 
HEAT 
EXCHANGER 
OVERBOARD 
LEGEND 
WARM AIR 
CONDITIONED AIR 
▪ 
COLD AIR 
CI PRIMARY HEAT EXCHANGER 
▪ 
MM AIR 
SECONDARY HEAT EXCHANGER 
▪ 
HOT BLEED AIR 
INIVEll 1011d 00170/0000MIO 
AIR CONDITIONING 
EFTA00590661
--- PAGE 2 ---
g 
W • 
-A 
" 
REAR PRESSURE 
BULKHEAD 
ORFICE 
CABIN 
SILENCER 
CABIN DUCT 
TEMPERATURE 
SENSOR 
CABIN PNEUMATIC 
OVER TEMP SENSOR 
CABIN MANUAL 
TEMPERATURE 
CONTROL VALVE 
TEMPERATURE CONTROL 
VALVE TORQUE MOTOR 
STA1 
PRES 
• 
VALVE 
REAR PRESSURE 
BULKHEAD 
BYPASS 
DOOR 
RAM-AIR 
CHECK VALVE 
ANTI-ICE VALVE 
11 ...."•%, TEMPERATURE 
CONTROL VALVE 
TEMPERATURE CONTROL VALVE 
TOROur MOTOR 
Figure 11-2. Air-Conditioning System 
BYPASS 
OZONE FILTER 
CHECK TO OVER TEMPERATURE* 
VALVE 
LIGHT (ON AT 
450'+SWITCH) 
PRIMARY HEAT 
EXCHANGER 
OZONE FILTER 
OVERBOARD 
AIR COND 
SOV 
AIR COND 
SOV 
AIR CONDITI 
EFTA00590662
--- PAGE 3 ---
ONINORIGNO3 IIIV 
owie 
4._ 
SYSTEM DESCRIPTION 
AND OPERATION 
GENERAL 
During normal in-flight operation, hot com-
pressed air is supplied from the 
bed-
le
air man-
ifold (Figure I I-1). This air, which is 
11-2 
PA:r 
LEGEND 
■ 
NOT LA 
▪ 
WARN Asa 
FAN RR 
APU 
GIN MR 
OZONE/
FILTER 
GPI/ CONNECTOR/
temperature and pressure-controlled, can he
obtained from either or both 
.s provided by
air 
engines at the se 
- 
l e c cyclecooling
t ionof  the  crew. 
equipment
Cooling t 
(Figure I1.2j 
consisting of a primary heat exchan$er
secondary heat exchanger, and an air cycle 
machine, which are capable of reducing the
temperature of the air from the bleed-air man. 
ifold to values above freezing. Humidity re-
duction is accomplished by a mechanical 
ISOLACC,. 
SNOTTY,: 
VALVE 
NON'S SC 
PRESSURE 
REGULATOR 
Figure 11.1, Bleed-Air Manifold 
FOR TRAINING PURPOSES ONLY 
-4 
J 
ISOLATE 
MU 
°" I
T ENG 
EFTA00590663
--- PAGE 4 ---
011IONO3 WI 
eutricoons1400 PILOT TRAINING MANUAL
.)--4
• 
water separator. Temperature control of the 
occupied areas is accomplished by varying the 
amounts of hot bleed air which bypasses the 
cooling equipment. Separate temperature con-
trol is provided for the cabin and the cockpit 
with controls located on the overhead panel in 
the cockpit. A manual system provides addi-
linnal control over the system in the event of 
conditioning is provided by the Xvouppyft 
the bleed-air manifold. Ground operation of 
same as in flight. with the addition of ram-air
Row across the heat exchangers induced by 
the air-conditioning system is essentially the 
11.4 
Fightketv
cooling fans. Provisions are also made for an
wind air connection for use with an txterna'i
ground source of bleed air for the bleed.4 
manifold. 
Should either or both engines be operating the
crew may select either or both engines as a 
operating,
of hot compressed air for the bleed
-at 
manifold and thus the air-co—L.-- 
Flgure 11-3. ISOLATION Valve Switch 
FOR TRAINING PURPOSES ONLY 
Fig e •
AIR 0 
Bleed-A
The bleed-
bleed air ft
air is avail
APU. or an 
The bleed 
systems, c
tern. The 
400°F at a 
ifold in th
The air is 
shutoff an
Yalven) thr
EFTA00590664
--- PAGE 5 ---
G1V/G300/G400 PILOT TRAINING MANUAL 
Figure 11-4. Dorsal Fin
Inlet 
AIR CONTROL COMP 
• NTS 
Bleed-Air Manifold 
The bleed-air manifold is used as the source of 
bleed air for the air-conditioning system. This 
air is available from one or both engines, the 
APU,or an external air supply (ground use only). 
The bleed-air manifold delivers air to using 
systems, one being the air-conditioning sys-
tem. The air temperature is approximately 
400°F at a maximum of approximately 40 psig. 
The air is delivered to the air-conditioning 
shutoff and flow-regulating valves (shutoff 
valves) through T-fittings in the bleed-air man-
ifold in the tail compartment. 
FightSafety 
Air-Conditioning Shutoff and 
Flow-Regulating Valves 
These valves serve two functions in the air-
conditioning system: 
• 4.5.a.sivtInjI-valmfinnik.e.aV-tc.oadi ti 
ditioning system and ending operation 
of the system. With a source of air in the 
bleed-air manifold and the shutoff sole-
noid deenergized, the valve butterfly 
moves toward the open position and air-
flow starts again. This valve functions 
as a flow-regulating device to maintain 
a maximum of 28 ppm airflow. 
Electrical shutoff solenoid energizing causes 
the valve to be pressurized to the fully closed 
position. There are several ways to energize 
the solenoid and close the valve: 
• Place the RAM AIR switch to RAM. 
• Place the right or left PACK control 
switch off. 
• When on the ground, aircraft SNs 1156 
and subsequent and those with ASC 135, 
selecting the START or CRANK MAS-
TER switch ON will close the left valve. 
• On the ground, the discharge side of 
either ACM compressor has reached 
450°F. 
• When on the ground, depress either en-
gine starter switch. 
FOR TRAINING PURPOSES ONLY 
11-5 
AIR CONDITIONING 
EFTA00590665
--- PAGE 6 ---
GIV/G300/G400 PILOT TRAINING MANUAL 
EllYincitty 
ONINOIIIONO3 HIV 
• 0
TEMPERATURE CONTROL 
SYSTEM 
It is the position of the temperature control 
valve (Figure 11-5) which determines compart-
ment temperature by mixing hot and refriger-
ated air to attain the desired compartment 
temperature. 
In order to control the compartment temper-
ature, the position of the appropriate temper-
ature control valve must be varied accordingly. 
General 
The dual selector (see Figure 11-3) is used to 
automatically or manually set a desired cabin 
or cockpit temperature. Both are physically and 
operationally independent from the other and 
are installed in the cockpit overhead. 
Operation 
The selector provides automatic and manual 
temperature control selection by rotation of the 
control knob clockwise and counterclockwise 
from the 9 o'clock OFF position. The control 
functions are obtained through approximately 
330° rotation of the selector shaft. There is a de-
tent region of approximately 20 to 30° at the OFF 
position, within which no signal is applied to 
the temperature control valve from either the 
manual selector or the temperature controller. 
Rotating the shaft out of this detent area in a 
clockwise direction places the temperature con-
trol system in the automatic mode of operation 
at the minimum selectable temperature (60°F). 
Further clockwise rotation through 150° of 
rotation linearly increases the selected temper-
ature to the maximum value (80°F). 
Rotation of the selector knob out of the decent 
area in the counterclockwise direction places 
the temperature control system in the manual, 
although still electric, mode of operation with 
the temperature control valve fully closed. 
Further rotation of the knob through 150° in 
the counterclockwise direction progressively 
opens the valve to the fully open position, 
thereby increasing the temperature. 
Some aircraft have been outfitted with addi-
temperature 
Contrc" Valve 
The tk. 
'are control valve is a two-inch di-
ametel 
vatic modulating butterfly valve. 
With ,2 
matic pressure applied to its di-
aph rag I, 
',timber, an internal spring mecha. 
nism maintains the butterfly in the closed 
position. The valve requires pneumatic pres-
sure to open the butterfly and the amount of 
opening is controlled by varying the pneu-
matic pressure applied. The pneumatic control 
pressure (left servo control system) originates 
at a T-fitting upstream of the valve. Duct pres• 
sure is then routed to a servo air pressure reg-
ulator and torque motor. 
Some aircraft have been outfitted with addi-
tional manual temperature controls located aft 
of the baggage door. These pneumatic controls 
are dependent on a minimum 3 psid cabin pres-
sure for opening of the temperature control 
valves. 
11-6
FOR TRAINING PURPOSES ONLY 
EFTA00590666

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590667.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590667.pdf
----------------------------------------
Nardello 
Co. 
Nardello & Co. LLC 
565 Fifth Avenue 
New York. NY 10017 
Tr 
Fr 
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY CLIENT AND 
WORK PRODUCT COMMUNICATION 
MEMORANDUM 
To: 
Brad S. Karp, Esq. 
Lorin L. Reisner, Esq. 
Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP 
FROM: 
Nardello & Co. LLC 
RE: 
Draft Transcript of Meeting with 
DATE: 
August 14, 2015 
Th folio
 is a draft transcript of a recording of a conversation between John Doe (JD) and 
(E) which took place on August 14, 2015 at Le Bernardin, 155 W. Sr Street, New York, New 
York between approximately 12:30 pm and 1:45 pm. The recording was made with the consent of JD. 
Notations of "UI" represent speech that was unintelligible during our initial review. 
The first section below is a summary of conversation between the two individuals which did not appear to 
be immediately material, but provides additional background. The second section is a verbatim transcript 
of the material portion of the conversation. 
The summary and transcription are subject to revision. 
Summary 
Time Stamp 
Speakers Conversation 
to 22:43 
Various 
Preamble and JD travelling to the restaurant. 
22:43 
Various 
JD enters the restaurant. 
22:50 
JD, 
The meeting begins. 
22:50-24:35 
JD, 
Small talk about 
hotel, her outfit and the restaurant. 
24:35-25:05 
JD, 
says that someone once proposed to marry her once at this restaurant. 
says that she turned down the proposal, noting that the proposer was 
from a wealthy family. 
says, "I chose you," referring to JD. 
25:05-29:40 
JD, 
JD and . 
engage in small talk about restaurants. They order food and 
■ 
asks whether JD feels better. 
29:40-30:05 
JD, 
ays that was she "hoping" to back to Moscow tomorrow but was 
invited to go to the Hamptons. 
EFTA00590667
--- PAGE 2 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY CLIENT AND/OR 
WORK PRODUCT COMMUNICATION 
Nardello 
Time Stamp 
Sp 
Conversation 
30:05 -32:25 
JD, 
'says 
that she went to opera last night. ID and ■ 
discuss opera. They 
order wine and lunch, and talk about sushi. 
32:25 — 32:58 
JD, 
■ 
states that JD collects Chinese art and has a good collection. They talk 
about the Chinese art market. ■ 
asks if JD bought any art recently. 
32:58 — 36:35 
JD, 
More art talk, state of the art market and talk of valuation of biotech 
companies. • 
asks "You don't invest in technology?" They talk about 
the tech market 
36:35- 37:00 
JD, 
JD asks "You're not on Facebook?" "No," she responds. "Nor am I," he 
states. ■ 
claims that she does not understand the point of social media, 
"it's the place to show all your weaknesses." 
37:00 — 39:00 JD, 
■ 
asks if JD is going to the Hamptons. JD says "yes," and discusses his 
sister's health problems. JD is taking his sister and her husband to the 
Hamptons so they can spend time together. Further discussion of the 
illness of JD's sister and wife. 
39:00 — 41:30 JD, 
discusses how she has started to work out again and JD says that he is 
workin out too. ■ 
has lost a lot of wei ht JD notes. ■ 
claims that its 
stress. 
says she is trying to eat better.. suggests erring a vegan 
cook. 
asks if he drinks everyday. They discuss how . 
is not a big 
drinker. 
41:30 — 46:00 JD, 
asks him what he thinks about London and the British economy. 
Further discussion of the US and UK economies. Lunch begins. JD and 
■ 
talk of the Russian economy, investing in China, etc. 
46:00 — 47:10 JD, 
Another course is served and little conversation occurs as JD and ■ 
eat. 
47:10 — 48:00 JD, 
JD asks how much time ■ 
can spend in the UK. ■ 
states that she is 
not sure and that she has to start doing something about it. She states that 
she does not have a place in Moscow and says that she stays in hotels. 
48:00 — 50:25 
JD. 
■ 
mentions Nicholas Berggruen. JD knows him, says that he saw 
Berggruen recently and that he is an interesting character who has put 
together a think tank in California. They talk about how Berggruen 
collects art. 
50:25 — 51:18 
JD, 
■ 
and JD eat lunch. 
*** 
DRAFT: FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY 
EFTA00590668
--- PAGE 3 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY CLIENT AND/OR 
WORK PRODUCT COMMUNICATION 
Transcription 
Nardello 
Co. 
Time Stamp 
S . eaker Conversation 
51:27 
JD 
Let me give you some thoughts. 
r
J
Mmhm. 
JD 
I've tried to listen very carefully... 
. 
Mmhm. 
JD 
...to a lot of what you've said in our previous meetings this summer. You've 
told me that you've suffered a lot. And as someone I care about, and as 
someone that I've always respected, um, I'm sorry you've suffered. I don't 
believe I've had much to do with your suffering. I've never bad-mouthed you 
to anybody. I've never in fact talked about you to anybody. Urn, I've always 
tried to treat you with respect and, frankly, felt real affection for you, um, in 
the times we've spent together. Um, I think you're somebody with a first-
grade brain, you're beautiful, you're interesting. Um, so I think, I'm not sorry 
we've spent time together, urn, on and off. Um, but, urn, I would never do 
anything, um, to hurt you or your son. In fact, I really tried to bend over 
backwards, urn, to be kind and generous to you. And, you know, frankly... 
Long pause. 
53:56 
JD 
So when you came here in June and started, you know, with a script of how 
I've ruined your life and kept you from jobs and defamed you and went to my 
friends in a cabal, I'd have to say it was pretty shocking to me. I've never 
viewed you before this as, urn, as somebody that would come to me, um, kind 
of 180 degrees different than, um, the basis of... 
Long pause. 
55:17 
JD 
Of the time we did spend together, you know and then, clearly, when you 
came out and said that you planned to go public and ruin my life and my 
family and my business unless I paid you 100 million dollars, um, it kind of 
said to me that you've changed, a lot. I don't know who you've fallen, what 
group you've fallen into in Moscow and London, urn, but it's, it's something 
that, that is, urn, foreign to me in terms of the way I always viewed you. Um, 
and I'm also sorry for that. Um, cause as I said you're somebody that I've 
had real affection for and had real respect for. But, um, I can't say I respect 
what it's at now, um, extortion. But it is what it is, and we are here. Um, the 
way I kind of view it, this can go in three different directions. Um, either we 
can come to a mutually satisfactory, um, economic solution, um, number one. 
Uh, number two, urn, you can file a suit and you go public. Um, or number 
three, um, you know there can be, um, you know, possible other consequences 
of that. So let me kind of outline the way I see all three. 
57:40 
Mmhm. 
DRAFT: FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY 
EFTA00590669
--- PAGE 4 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY CLIENT AND/OR 
WORK PRODUCT COMMUNICATION 
Nardello 
Co. 
Time Stamp 
Speaker Conversation 
JD 
Um, and then, and then you know, you'll just have to choose what you want 
to do, urn, and the chips will fall where they fall, urn. I want you to be 
comfortable, urn, and I want you and your son to have a comfortable, uh, 
existence. Urn, so, you know, I also think it's important that you feel 
that...Just wait one minute [speaking to waiter]. 
Waiter brings food, speaking to waiter. 
58:59 
JD 
That you feel that I'm serious and that I have listened to you and that, um, and 
that I care about you, even though I view it as extortion. Urn, so you know in 
the past, I kept looking at numbers which sort of compared favorably to what 
I had done for you when we were together and... 
JD 
Speaking to waiter. 
59:42 
JD 
And therefore felt when I was talking about, you know, 600 over three years, 
five years, would that compare to 350 when we were together. Now we're not 
together and that seemed like pretty reasonable. You've made it clear to me 
that, urn, that is not what you have in mind. 
JD 
Urn. And I really want to put this behind us. I have other things I have to deal 
with right now, like my sister, and my wife, and a lot of illness and a lot of 
other things, and frankly I don't want to deal with you or with this. Um. So it 
is worth it to me to try to put this behind me, um, with you in a way, um you 
know that we can both hold our heads up. Um. 
1:00:47 
JD 
What I would be willing to do is provide for you for the next 12 years at a 
million dollars a year and also to give to you in an account two million 
pounds, urn, which would be used exclusively to buy -- to invest in British 
securities, so that for a period of time, like three or four years, so that you can 
get at least the five year [RJ]visa in the UK 
JE 
That is a 15 million dollar package, um, versus two million dollars basically 
that [Ul] I gave you and the million I lent to you when we were together. Urn, 
so that... 
01:02:06 
■ 
Can I? 
JD 
Please. 
JD 
So that you have -- you can live very, very well with your son, whether it's in 
Moscow or London or wherever. 
Mmhm. 
DRAFT: FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY 
EFTA00590670
--- PAGE 5 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY CLIENT AND/OR 
WORK PRODUCT COMMUNICATION 
Nardello 
Co. 
Time Stamp 
Speaker Conversation 
JD 
It's a million dollars, and -- which is tax free -- and I'll have to pay a gift tax 
on 50%, and that'll take Sasha through his college years, um, pay for his 
education, and keep you comfortable and secure for a long period of time. 
That's pathway number one. 
Mmhm. 
01:02:56 
JD 
Pathway number two is you file a suit, go to the press... 
Mmhm. 
JD 
...that we had an affair on and off for five years. My guess is it gets thrown 
out. Maybe not. Probably. Um .Causes me some embarrassment. 
01:03:21 
Mmhm. 
My wife will be pissed off, she'll end up forgiving me. Urn. My business, it's 
a 10 billion dollar business, it's gonna survive. Um. Life will go on. You 
know. I've gone through the suicide of my father... 
Mmhm. 
JD 
...I've gone through the bankruptcies of Drexel.. . 
Mmhm, 
JD 
I've gone through the US government suing me for six billion dollars post-
Drexel, personally... 
Mmhm. 
Urn. And -- and I'll get through this.... 
01:03:58 
Okay. 
JD 
Um. And you'll end up getting nothing. 
■ 
Mmhm. 
01:04:04 
a 
There's a possibility, yes. 
JD 
So, there's, one, there's a possibility, a good possibility you'll end up with 
nothing. You know, you brought up a few times in our last conversation, you 
know, this Benjamin Wei case... 
Mmhm. 
JD 
Um. The Wall Streeter, paid 18 million dollars for this woman to go to bed 
with him four times. You know — there are three things that you should be 
aware of about that case... 
■ 
Mmhm. 
DRAFT: FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY 
EFTA00590671
--- PAGE 6 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY CLIENT AND/OR 
WORK PRODUCT COMMUNICATION 
Nardello 
Co. 
Time Stamp 
Speaker Conversation 
01:04:35 
I JD 
Number one, he was her employer, so it's employment contract abuse. 
■ 
Mmhm. 
JD 
Um. Number two, he wrote a blog publicly defaming her. 
Mmhm. 
01:04:50 
JD 
And number three, any lawyer — she hasn't received anything yet — it's on 
appeal, and any lawyer will tell you, because it was a two million award and 
million in damages, that the courts will reduce the damages to probably 
two or three million. So, if she gets anything it'll be five million dollars. And, 
um, versus the 15 million package that I (Uri 
01:05:25 
JD 
And the last thing you should know — and it's — I want to underscore this — it's 
not a threat — um, but, you know, if you do take this frivolous case public... 
-. 
Mmhm. 
JD 
...it will give me no choice but to, you know, go to the authorities and pursue 
a criminal case... 
01:05:56 
■ 
Mmhm . 
JD 
...against you. Um. And you'll likely end up in jail. Um. Now, I want to 
reiterate, I don't like pathway number two or three. I don't think it's good for 
you, I don't think it's good for me. And so I hope and I pray, um, that 
pathway number one is the door, um, that will make the most sense for you. 
um, because I'm really trying very hard here. And I also just, you know, I 
want you to, you know, I did go... 
. 
Mmhm. 
JD 
...to my lawyer to talk about... 
Mmhm 
JD 
what has been said. Um. And this is just -- this is from -- he was the ex-head 
of the criminal division of the US Attorney... 
01:06:50 
Mmhm. 
JD 
Um. Who wrote to the files so there's no intention of using it. Um. But 
basically just saying based on our conversations before you have committed a 
crime both under federal statutes and under New York statutory law. Um. 
■ 
Okay. 
JD 
Um. And it's a crime that you go to jail for. I don't want that to happen. Urn. 
DRAFT: FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY 
EFTA00590672
--- PAGE 7 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY CLIENT AND/OR 
WORK PRODUCT COMMUNICATION 
Nardello 
Co. 
Time Stamp 
Speaker Conversation 
But — but — actions have consequences... 
■ 
Mmhm. 
1:07:33 
JD 
...And I'm trying very hard to give you something super generous to provide 
for you and to provide. 
1:07:34 
JD 
I mean, when I've talked to people, lawyers, they say they've never heard of 
numbers like this. They don't know of any case that's been resolved here for 
anything more than single digits. 
Mmhm. 
JD 
Um, so again, I don't know where the 100 million in your head comes from. 
1:07:57 
-. 
I've been with you for a very long time. 
JD 
We had an affair on and off for five years, that's not a marriage. You knew I 
was married. 
■ 
For me it was like a marriage. 
JD 
Mmhm. 
I feel like it was like a marriage to me. It was my, my life. 
JD 
And you broke it off a number of times. 
1:08:17 
■ 
Um, I, I feel uncomfortable talking to you right now, because of this. I don't 
want to get more in trouble. Uh, I will not agree to anything less than $100 
million and I think you owe it to me because I've been with you for a very 
long time and, um... 
JD 
But where does that 100 million come from? Where does a number like that 
come from? 
1:08:41 
• 
Because I think I'm entitled to half of what you earned for the time that we 
were together. 
JD 
We weren't married, we didn't live together. 
■ 
Well it's like a marriage. 
JD 
How is it like a marriage if we didn't live together? 
■ 
For me it was like a marriage. Because I didn't see any other people, I didn't 
work, you supported me. Uh, we had relationships. To me, it's like a 
marriage. 
DRAFT: FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY 
EFTA00590673
--- PAGE 8 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY CLIENT AND/OR 
WORK PRODUCT COMMUNICATION 
Nardello 
Co. 
Time Stamp 
Speaker Conversation 
JD 
Mmhm. 
1:09:05 
-. 
And in the marriage I would get half of what you earned. That would be a 
couple of billions. And I'm not asking you for that, even though I think I 
totally deserve it. I gave you seven years of my life. You were a very difficult 
person, you were abusive, and it was really, it was very difficult for me to be 
with you but I was there for you. And now after all of that, my reputation is 
ruined. My reputation is not 12 million to me. My reputation costs me more, 
and my future and my son's future. 
1:09:39 
JD 
million. 
-. 
Uff, 15. 
JD 
Mm...But I never talked about our relationship. You did. 
1:09:52 
■ 
To whom? 
JD 
Alisa. 
■ 
What did she tell you? I don't know. Why do you keep bringing her up? I 
never told her anything. What did she tell you? You know she's a 
pathological liar. Why do you even talk to her? You don't know that? 
JD 
I haven't talked to her in a long time, but I remember she always used to ask 
me, "How are things with Guzel?" 
What did she tell you? Why are you so worried about it? I don't know what 
she told you. 
1:10:13 
JD 
She didn't tell me... 
■ 
She's a pathological liar, you should ask other people. So whatever she says, 
it doesn't make any sense. 
JD 
And you think, for having an on-and-off affair with me... 
■ 
Mmhm. 
JD 
For five years, that that's akin to a marriage? 
1:10:32 
• 
Yes. 
1:10:34 
JD 
And therefore you would make a case that unless I pay you a hundred million 
dollars, that this is what you're gonna file suit and go public with? 
DRAFT: FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY 
EFTA00590674
--- PAGE 9 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY CLIENT AND/OR 
WORK PRODUCT COMMUNICATION 
Nardello 
Co. 
Time Stamp 
Speaker Conversation 
Er, no. My reputation is damaged... 
JD 
Alright. 
■ 
And I want to clear up my reputation. But I'm willing to meet you half way 
considering your status and your family. Um. If you will tell me with this, you 
know, hundred, that you respect me and you understand that I went through a 
lot of hardship because of our relationship, and I've been with you, and it's 
been like a marriage to me, and that you respect me and my family and my 
future. Then that. 
01:11:22 
JD 
Well I want you to think very hard before you walk away from a million a 
year for 12 years and getting a UK visa that—
■ 
I'm telling you — I'm telling—
JD 
--the other roads... 
Mmhm. 
JD 
...will land you with probably nothing. 
ill 
That's fine -- that's fine with me. 
JD 
And — and will probably land you in jail. 
01:11:43 
-. 
That's fine. 
JD 
Okay. I mean—
I - I thought about it very well. I will not agree with you. 
01:11:51 
JD 
Mmhm. Okay. It's not a very rational decision but — you — it's certainly your 
choice. 
[Long pause.] 
01:12:46 
JD 
Guzel, you wanted an apartment near your child's school... 
.-- 
Mmhm. 
JD 
...You got an apartment near your child's school. 
ill 
Mmhm. 
JD 
You asked me to respect you and not to please come visit it... 
DRAFT: FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY 
EFTA00590675
--- PAGE 10 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY CLIENT AND/OR 
WORK PRODUCT COMMUNICATION 
Nardello 
Co. 
Time Stamp 
Speaker Conversation 
Mmhm. 
JD 
...I respected you and didn't come visit it. 
01:13:01 
■ 
We can do this forever -- like, what you've done, and what I've done -- you 
don't know—
JD 
So I don't understand how you were abused. 
You don't know what happened. 
JD 
We went on holidays when you wanted... 
-. 
...I wanted to go to your apartment too. All the time. You never invited me to 
your apartment! 
JD 
Because I was married... 
Well, and I had a child. 
JD 
...And you knew I was married, and you knew I had a family-
--and you -- and you—
JD 
--I was totally up front about that. 
01:13:26 
■ 
--and you knew that you were married, why did you sleep with me? There are 
consequences to what you do to woman and to their lives. 
01:13:37 
JD 
We were two consenting adults that had an affair.. 
■ 
And it just lasted a little bit too long and you got a little bit too involved. 
[Long pause.) 
1:14:05 
. 
My reputation is important to me and my life is important to me and the seven 
years I gave you are important to me. They're worth something. They might 
be not worth anything to you but they're worth something to me. 
JD 
And that's where the $100 million comes from. Because we had an on and off 
five year affair... 
Seven. 
JD 
No, it wasn't seven. 
--. 
Maybe now it's eight. I stood by you for seven years. I stood by you, I let you 
DRAFT: FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY 
EFTA00590676
--- PAGE 11 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY CLIENT AND/OR 
WORK PRODUCT COMMUNICATION 
Nardello 
Co. 
Time Stamp 
Speaker Conversation 
do whatever you wanted. You did whatever you wanted to do... 
JD 
Stop...What did I want to do? We saw each other, like, once a month. 
You would promise me to get a job, you never got me a job and (UI). 
JD 
No, I didn't promise you, I promised that I would try, which I did try. Where 
did you interview? What did you do to try to get a job? You were in school 
for three of those years. 
I guess it is pointless (UI). 
JD 
Guzel, number one, I don't have that type of money, ok? I have a lot of art 
loans. 
-. 
No, you don't have that much money, of course you don't... 
JD 
I don't have that type of cash. But this is total extortion. 
■ 
No, it's not extortion: you have an obligation to me because we have been 
together for so long. 
JD 
I mean, you're turning this into a palimony case. You know what palimony 
is? 
■ 
You know what, I'm not very smart with words... 
JD 
You're really smart and I've always respected your mind. You're about as 
smart as I've ever seen. 
1:16:20 
I've been very clear about what I think is fair. You might disagree with me, 
you know, you're entitled to have your own opinion about things. I just...you 
can talk to my lawyers, I guess. 
JD 
Well, maybe the best thing would be to have a mediator get involved. 
No, at first, I'm gonna go public, see what kind of lawyer I can get, then um, 
because I want a really good lawyer. 
JD 
Well, as I said, you're moving backwards, you could end up with nothing, 
also a lawyer takes a third to a half. 
1:17:00 
■ 
I'm willing to take the risk. I feel very strongly that you have an obligation to 
me, that I was like a wife to you, I spent many years... 
JD 
No, you weren't like a wife to me..stop it. This is insulting. This is offensive. 
You were not like a wife to me. You never were. Stop it. We had an affair, off 
and on and saw each other once a month when you wanted to get together. 
DRAFT: FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY 
I 1 
EFTA00590677
--- PAGE 12 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY CLIENT AND/OR 
WORK PRODUCT COMMUNICATION 
Nardello 
Co. 
Time Stamp 
Speaker Conversation 
Well, next time you think when you fuck someone. Ok? You can't fuck 
someone's life. You can't do that. 
JD 
We were two consenting adults who had an affair together. 
Ok, as an adult, I have an obligation to protect my family. My life has been 
ruined. 
JD 
For $100 million? 
1:17:50 
■ 
My life has been ruined [emphasizes each word]. Absolutely. In every aspect 
of it. 
JD 
Because my buddies Bloomberg and Mort Zuckerman and Len Blavatnik 
were all in a cabal to defame you? 
Everything (repeats). 
JD 
Why would I do that? 
I feel my son uncomfortable sending him to another school. He doesn't want 
to go to another school interview. It's totally unacceptable and wrong to me. 
JD 
And you think I caused that? 
1:18:30 
-. 
Maybe that wasn't exactly you, but it was because of our relationships. This 
relationship caused that. 
JD 
Who knew about our relationship? 
I don't know. But, even if they didn't know we had a relationships, and you 
have a responsibility. 
JD 
And my responsibility is for a $100 million or else you sue me? 
1:19:00 
Yes, because I am dealing with a lot of difficulties because of you! Because 
you're such a high profile person who if they're not lazy (UI) they think they 
have to bring me down. Nobody would touch me if it was some Jewish 
woman. 
JD 
Why does anyone want to bring you down? Why do you have it in your head 
that everybody out there is trying to bring you down? Why would I want to 
bring you down? 
■ 
Ok, right now, I'm like, very, I feel very numb and terrible about what 
happened with my life and you. I feel numb because of the way you talk to me 
DRAFT: FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY 
EFTA00590678
--- PAGE 13 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY CLIENT AND/OR 
WORK PRODUCT COMMUNICATION 
Nardello 
Co. 
Time Stamp 
S ' esker Conversation 
and are treating me. 
JD 
I just told you I have real affection for you and respect you and have just 
given you a $15 million in (UI). 
You just said "I saw you once a month." 
1:20:00 
JD 
Well, I'm just telling you the truth. We saw each other on and off, you cut it 
off twice in five years. 
This is not what I believe in. 
JD 
Whatever you asked for, I gave you. You asked for money, you got money; 
you asked for loans, you got loans; you asked to go on vacations, you went on 
vacations. How were you mistreated by me? 
. 
Thank you so much you allowed me to go on vacation. 
JD 
Well, I am trying very hard to provide for you and your son for a long period 
of time with a lot of money. And if you don't get that and understand 
that...[waiter appears to interrupt]. I mean who gets $15 million? 
1:21:20 
■ 
I can't do this anymore. Let me go and talk to lawyers. 
JD 
You have to do what you have to do. I'm happy to have your lawyers talk to 
my lawyers, I'm happy to have a mediator get involved... 
No... 
JD 
I think I'm being very understanding and generous... 
-. 
Ok. 
JD 
It's a hurtful path for me that you would take, it's going to be a disastrous 
path for you. 
1:22:07. 
■ 
I'm going to go. Goodbye [. 
leaves]. 
* * * 
DRAFT: FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY 
EFTA00590679

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590680.pdf
----------------------------------------
DEUTSCHE BANK AG (157) 
5022 Gate Parkway, Bldg 400, Jacksonville FL 32256 
Tel: 
Fax: 
To: SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Email: 
Today's Date: 25-Aug-2015 
crm-
COB Date: 24-Aug-2015 
Action Required: Deliver USD 1,680,000.00 to DEUTSCHE BANK AG (157) 
This document Is confidential, unauthorized um Is forbidden. Please destroy If you are not the addressee. 
We refer to the CSA New York Law (the "Credit Support Annex") between DEUTSCHE BANK AG (157) and SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL, LLC (8032932) which supplements, forms part of and is subject to the 2002 ISDA Master entered into between us. 
Capitalized terms used in this notice and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning provided in the Credit Support Annex. 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG (157) Position (USD) SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LLC (8032932) Position 
(USD) 
Independent Amounts related to us 
0.00 
0.00 
Independent Amounts related to you 
4,371,724.94 
0.00 
Exposure 
1,871,443.37 
0.00 
Threshold 
0.00 
Infinity 
Minimum Transfer Amount 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
Credit Support Amount 
6,243,168.31 
0.00 
Value of current Credit Support Balance or all 
posted Credit Support transferred to or received 
by us 
4,566,590.19 
0.00 
Value of cash andior securities transferred 
purcesuant to the Credit Support Annex but pending 
re
ipt 
0.00 
0.00 
Value of current Credit Support Balance or all 
posted Credit Support transferred to or received 
by you 
0.00 
0.00 
Value of cash andior securities transferred 
pursuant to the Credit Support Annex but pending 
delivery 
0.00 
0.00 
Delivery Amount 
1,680,000.00 
0.00 
Return Amount 
0.00 
0.00 
Rounding 
10.000.00 
t0,000.00 
As of 25-Aug-2015 we have determined that, as set out in this demand, we require you to transfer to us cash and/or securities (if 
applicable) which comply with the criteria specified in the Credit Support Annex with a Value equal to USD 1,680,000.00 in 
accordance with the provisions of, and by the date and time specified in, the Credit Support Annex. Our calculations are set out in 
the table above for your reference. 
Any financial information and/or valuations. including information which could be used to obtain such valuations. contained in this notice are provided to you for the purposes of 
collateral management with Deutsche Bank Group (DB) only and do not represent a valuation by DB for any other purpose. The financial information and/or valuations should not 
Iv relied upon or used by you for any other purpose. DB shall not be liable for any errors or omissions contained herein or for any losses or damages incurred by you in reliance on 
this notice. We also refer you to the disclaimer included on the Collateral Statements provided by DB for further details of the limitation of our liability in this regard. 
&Margin 
Page 1/2 
EFTA00590680
--- PAGE 2 ---
Our Standard Settlement Details 
Cash 
Government Bonds 
Third Party Monitored 
Collateral (TPMC) 
Tri Party Cash•USD 
Govt-United States 
TPMC-Private Banking 
If you have any questions with regards to this notice, please call immediately. 
Any financial information and/or valuations. including information which could be used to obtain such valuations. contained in this notice are provided to you for the putposes of collateral management with Deutsche Rank Gawp i DBt only and do not represent 
a valuation by DB for any other purpose. The financial information and/or valuations should not be relied upon or used by you for any other purpose. DB shall not be liable for any errors or omissions contained herein or for any losses or damages incurred by you 
in reliance on this notice. We also refer you to the disclaimer included on the Collateral Statements provided by DR for ringlet details of the limitation of our liability in this regard. 
dbMargin 
Page 2/2 
EFTA00590681

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590682.pdf
----------------------------------------
eu 
e =an 
roup Ta ua ion 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
Request 
As of ZD Aug 15 
Aug 2015 
Page 1 Of 3 
Deutsche Bank AG 
For Sales Inquiries Contact: 
Daniel Sabba (Tel) +-(Email) 
For questions relating to this statement contact 
Valuations NY (Tel) 1-212-250-2600 (Email) 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
To: 
Jabwcpa Gmail (Email) 
Richard Kahn12 (Email) 
Hnw Clientservices (Email) 
Gedeon Pinedo (Email) 
Vahe Stepanian (Email) 
Mark Whyman (Email)-.Amara 
a ir y 
mai 
Paul Morris (Email) 
a
,Daniel Sabba (Email) 
Mane Dwyer (Email) 
Fx Rates: 
USD/EUR = .6932160243 
Note:-All Values are shown from the DB Group's point of view. A negative Value therefore expresses an amount which is in your favour, while a positive amount is one which is in DB Group favour. The terms and conditions of each transaction are specified in the 
relevant trade Confirmation. 
Deutsche Bank Group ( DB") is providing the valuations set forth above as an accommodation to you solely for your own internal use. Unless expressly stated otherwise, valuations represent DB's current economic assessment of the transaction or instrument as 
of the date specified. DB's economic assessment is typically derived all or in part from model prices, external sources, market prices and/or DB's internal books and records prices. Valuations may be adjusted to take into account market, liquidity, credit, 
operational or other risks, and/or to reflect adjustments based upon our willingness to unwind all or part of your position or revenue that has been generated but not yet recognized by DB ("Premium Adjustments"). Such Premium Adjustments will generally 
always decline over time. as DB's appetite to unwind at a premium will generally decline over time, which will lead to lower valuations in the absence of changes in market conditions. Valuations, including those containing Premium Adjustments, may not 
represent the terms at which new transactions or instruments could be entered into with DB or the terms at which existing transactions or instruments could be liquidated or unwound with OB. DB may change its valuation methodology and the related 
adjustments and assumptions at any time, so that future valuations may be less favourable than the current ones, even in the absence of an adverse development in market conditions. Valuations based on different assumptions or calculated using other 
methodologies may also yield different results and any adjustments may not apply for the duration of the transaction or instrument. My subsequent valuations provided to you will almost certainly differ from this valuation. This difference can be less favourable to 
you, and due to the volatility of market conditions. the size or notional amount of the decrease or increase and other factors, the differential could be substantial. 0B shall not be liable for any errors or omissions made in calculating or disseminating valuations, or 
for any inaccuracies or flaws in the methodologies. adjustments or assumptions. DB specifically disclaims liability for any losses or damages (incidental, consequential or otherwise) that may arise from valuations that are either used or relied upon by you or any 
other party for any reason including, without limitation. your use of valuations in preparation of your own financial books and records. 
Statement ID : 
EFTA00590682
--- PAGE 2 ---
eu sc e =an 
roup Ta ua ion 
I SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
Request 182298 
As of 20 Aug 15 
a amen 
Aug 2015 
Page 
Of 3 
Deutsche Bank AG 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
Creclt • 
Trade ID 
Counterpany 
Trade Type 
Ref. Entity 
Trade Date 
Et Date 
Maturity Date BuySell 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Ccy1 
Not.Amt 2 
Not.Ccy2 
Rate 
Spread 
MTM(USD) 
C7970754M 
SOUTHERN 
CREDIT 
BRASOV 
FINANCIAL LLC 
DERIVATIVE. 
DEFSWAP 
I3.Jan-2015 
14•Jan-2015 
20.Mar.2020 
SELL 
10.000.000.00 
USD 
10.000.000.00 
USD 
1.0000 
311 
(865.415.17} 
Subtotal: 
(865,415.17) 
Equity • Option 
db Ticket 
Counterpady 
Ref. Entity 
Put/ Call 
Expiry Date 
NotArnt 
Not.Ccy 
Quantity 
Strike Price 
Spot Price 
Implied Volatility 
Fair Price 
MTM(USD) 
LN 6I8753 
SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL LW 
NYEI8 176 
SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
CALL 
CALL 
ill-Dec.2015 
(4.166.000.00) 
27-Jan-2016 
3.896.620.00 
USD 
(4.166.000) 
USD 
100.000 
1.0000 
38.9662 
26.0000 
52.3616 
0.647 
(95.194.83} 
64,640.83 
Subtotal: 
(30,534.00) 
FX • Opdons 
DealGrouplD 
Counterpany 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Settlement 
Not.Ccy 
NoLC,cy 
Date 
Not.Ant 1 
NotAmt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Cal 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
497117498f 
SOUTHERN 
FxEuroOpt 
02442015 
1037233558 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
497117498/ 
SOUTHERN 
FxEuroOpl 
02442015 
1037233559 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
497126993/ 
SOUTHERN 
FxEuroOpt 
02442015 
1037255502 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
497126993/ 
SOUTHERN 
FxEuroOpt 
02442015 
1037255503 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
04...lan2016 
04.1an-2016 
04-Jan-2016 
04.1an-2016 
06.1an-2016 
50.000.000.00 
EUR 
06.1an2016 
50.000.000.00 
EUR 
06.1an2016 
25.000.000.00 
EUR 
06.1an2016 
25.000.000.00 
EUR 
(52.000.000.00) 
USD 
(58.200.000.00) 
USD 
(26,250.000.00) 
USD 
(28,912.500.00) 
USD 
SHORT 
LONG 
SHORT 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
PUT 
CALL 
PUT 
CALL 
1.0400 
1.1640 
1.0500 
1.1565 
2246.347.5' 
526.999.86 
;154.411E 
316.40325 
Statement ID : 182298_20150820_20150821_1 
Subtotal: 
440.944.00 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
EFTA00590683
--- PAGE 3 ---
•eu sc e :an 
roup 'a ua ion 
a amen 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
Request 182298 
As of 20 Aug 15 
A 
Aug 2015 
Page 3 Of 3 
Deutsche Bank AG 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
FAWN - Sw8P WNW 
db Ticket 
Counterpart)/ 
Ref. Entity 
Put/ Call 
Expiry Date 
NotAmt 
Not.Ccy 
NotAmt 2 
NoLCcy2 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
SOUTHERN 
01.Feb-2016 
:3 470 CCC, CC: 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
USD 
34.7000 
871,995.02 
Subtotal: 
871.995.02 
Statement ID: 182298_20150820_20150821_1 
Total: 
416,989.85 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
EFTA00590684

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590685.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590685.pdf
----------------------------------------
LedgerX Options Exchange + Bitcion 
Clearinghouse: Series B 
Confidential 
O March 2016 Ledger% LLC 
EFTA00590685
--- PAGE 2 ---
LedgerX: Regulatory Know-How 
Board of Directors 
Mark Wetjen 
DTCC 
Fmr. CFTC Acting 
Chairman 
Jim Newsome 
Fmr. CFTC Chairman 
NYMEX CEO 
CME Board Member 
Tom Lewis 
Ameritrade CEO 
Green Exchange CEO 
Management Team 
Paul Chou, CEO 
Juthica Chou, President 
& Chief Risk Officer 
Zach Dexter, CTO 
Shabana Paul, CFO & 
COO 
Kari Larsen, General 
Counsel & Chief 
Regulatory Officer 
G
oldman 
arks
((',omman
Sachs 
Investors 
Q Combinator 
Series A Lead 
tutorspree 
Goldman
0004,
Green 
VENTURE PARTNERS 
Seed Investors 
SVAngel 
Google 
ventures 
LedgerX 
Confidential 
EFTA00590686
--- PAGE 3 ---
Money: Before and After 
Old Money 
MO: Cash in circulation 
M1-M2-M3: Commercial bank money 
lent via traditional ledgers 
Financial institutions manage cash 
volatility risk via CFTC-regulated FX 
trading 
UCME Group 
How the world advance: 
ice 
New Money 
MO: Bitcoin blockchain as a 
settlement layer 
M1-M2-M3: Commercial bank 
obligations on top of the blockchain 
(via sidechains, smart contracts, etc) 
Financial institutions manage bitcoin 
volatility risk by trading on LedgerX's 
CFTC-regulated options exchange 
aedgerX 
Currencies targeting moderate inflation 
rates can be issued on top of the Bitcoin 
blockchain using sidechains technology. 
ati 
IISIIC 
ISIOloncici. 
(er
 *BARCLAYS 
)1‘ 
CREDIT 3uISSE 
© LedgerX 
Confidential 
EFTA00590687
--- PAGE 4 ---
CI 
What is LedgerX? 
Reporting 
Regulator 
(CFTC) 
r1LedgerX 
Derivatives Exchange 
Trade 
LedgerX 
Matched Trade 
Collateral 
$ 
Customer 
'7ILedgerX 
Derivatives Clearing
) 
Bank 
USD $ 
Confidential 
EFTA00590688
--- PAGE 5 ---
Revenue Opportunities 
Derivatives is a good beachhead: There is meaningful demand on both the buy (merchant processors / 
consumer-facing bitcoin companies) and short (miner) side. Also, derivatives are big business: ICE acquired 
NYSE in 2012 for $11B, yet NYSE trading revenue (Cash / Spot Trading) is still only — 17% of ICE's total trading 
revenue. The remaining — 83% is from derivatives. 
The long-term value is in the clearinghouse. 
Short-Term 
Trading fees (per unit of put/call options contract 
traded) from our beachhead market, "institutional" 
customers (big bitcoin corporates and miners) 
Clearing fees 
Settlement fees 
Bitcoin volatility index (already developed) — 
cryptocurrency equivalent of VIX 
License our SEF market data feed 
Long-Term 
Clear for other exchanges (SEFs/DCMs), especially 
traditional SEFs/DCMs that want to let participants 
post bitcoin as collateral for other assets 
Bloomberg Terminal for Bitcoin 
Offer bitcoin futures 
Market making on LedgerX exchanges 
Spot market making 
Retail derivatives exchange 
Become the next $3B/year clearinghouse for all 
commodities asset types, replacing CME 
LedgerX 
Confidential 
EFTA00590689
--- PAGE 6 ---
Bitcoin as collateral 
• 
Same asset in every jurisdiction 
• 
Less FX risk — collateral posts within 10 minutes (or 1 minute on sidechains) 
• 
Margin in Europe, Asia and US, using the same collateral, any time 
• 
Bitcoin blockchain is the only battle-tested blockchain, operating on public 
Internet 24/7 for multiple years 
• 
CFTC has affirmatively asserted jurisdiction over bitcoin derivatives 
• 
It's the most relevant use case 
"Importantly, while there has been a great deal of discussion around implementing real-time 
settlement using distributed ledger technology, the current U.S. equity market convention of T+3 
is based on laws and market structures. Modernizing current practices and laws to enable real-
time settlement are not dependent on the use of blockchain technologies." — "Embracing 
Disruption" whitepa per, DTCC, January 2016 
© Ledge rX 
Confidential 
EFTA00590690
--- PAGE 7 ---
Bitcoin-as-collateral use cases the LedgerX clearinghouse will implement 
1. Out-of-bank-hours collateral posting for any asset 
- Reduce counterparty risk 
2. "Collateral room" for efficient bilateral netting in uncleared trades 
- Reduce the total number of payments 
3. Vertically integrate OTC derivatives payment processing 
- Replace services like CIS with bitcoin, which delivers even better settlement certainty 
through cryptography-enforced finality, and is much less costly to operate and integrate 
with than e.g. CLS 
4. Realtime margining for FCM Direct Clearing Members and client clearing 
- Use multisignature bitcoin wallets for big cost savings for FCMs providing fully 
segregated, LSOC client clearing 
- Replace quad-party clearing — multisignature wallets provide the benefits without the 
costs 
- Details available upon request 
© LedgerX 
Confidential 
EFTA00590691
--- PAGE 8 ---
Ask: Series B Lead 
LedgerX is raising its Series B to cover the required Derivatives Clearing Organization (DCO) reserve fund, and 
enough operating expenses to achieve cash-flow positive. 
We are targeting $30MM pre, $40MM post. Our ask is a $4MM lead check. 
LedgerX's technology is essentially complete, and has undergone extensive CFTC review. The reserve/operating 
fund is the only major item blocking launch. 
© LedgerX 
Confidential 
EFTA00590692
--- PAGE 9 ---
Out-of-bank-hours collateral posting for reducing counterparty risk in uncleared trades 
If you're a US shop and you only have access to US banks in USD. A market-moving event happens overnight in your favor.= 
like collateral pledged to you overnight, as opposed to beginning-of-next-business-day. 
Historical collateral posting hours 
Bitcoin collateral posting hours 
© LedgerX 
Confidential 
EFTA00590693
--- PAGE 10 ---
Replacing inefficient bilateral netting with Bitcoin-based escrow 
Bitcoin "multisignature wallets" let multiple trading counterparties in uncleared OTC transactions put collateral in a secure "room" 
— then after a period of trading activity, withdraw any extra. This prevents over-collateralization, freeing up collateral for other 
uses. 
Before, with cash wires 
After, with bitcoin multisignature wallets 
© LedgerX 
Confidential 
EFTA00590694
--- PAGE 11 ---
Facilitating the collateral use cases: Extensions on top of bitcoin 
Unlike R3/DAH/Ethereum, Bitcoin extensions technology is built by the same people who have been developing and running the 
Bitcoin blockchain 24/7 for multiple years. These are the most capable software developers in the ecosystem. Bitcoin extensions 
are already live, tied to a source of value (bitcoin), and have additional regulatory certainty. 
A "sidechain" is a private extension that can be operated by one or more financial institutions or intermediaries. The side part 
means that value represented on the sidechain as tokens or assets can be freely moved back and forth with the main Bitcoin 
blockchain, subject to pre-determined rules set by regulated entities participating in the project. 
This means regulated entities like clearinghouses, FCMs and brokers can, right now, use bitcoin to implement custom collateral and 
settlement technology that follows business rules approved by risk and regulatory oversight committees. 
LedgerX is the only company with both the in-depth bitcoin technical know-how and regulatory progress to quickly implement 
sidechains technology for collateral. 
LedgerX 
Confidential 
EFTA00590695
--- PAGE 12 ---
Collateral Posting: Before and After 
Before sidechains 
Before Bitcoin 
After Bitcoin 
X
ACH/wire delay 
X
ACH/wire delay 
Clearinghouse 
Futures Commission 
Merchant 
Exchange 
participant 
Another 10min, 
and txn amount 
revealed 
10min, but txn 
amount revealed 
Not OK for a 
$100MM trade by 
a major player 
After sidechains + LedgerX (LX) clearinghouse 
Clearinghouse 
Futures Commission 
Merchant 
Exchange 
participant 
No delay because no 
additional transfer — 
clearinghouse-as-
sidechain-member 
maintains running log of 
FCM collateral balances 
<lmin; Confidential 
Transactions protect 
amounts 
Also, the LX clearinghouse can use issued-assets to completely revolutionize cross-
margining, which involves collateralizing one type of financial contract with 
another. 
LedgerX 
Confidential 
EFTA00590696
--- PAGE 13 ---
US Financial System: Before and After 
Before Bitcoin + sidechains 
Time risk everywhere! 
Arrows are collateral and asset transfers 
Clearinghouse 
Going from exchange participant 
to swaps or securities 
clearinghouse requires 2 
intermediaries and risk-creating 
delays 
Exchange participant 
(aka trader) 
Value of underlying assets could 
change between cash settlement 
(from clearinghouse) and delivery 
(to exchange participants) 
ACH Clearinghouse 
After Bitcoin + sidechains + LedgerX clearinghouse 
Bitcoin 
Main Chain 
Bank consortium node(s) 
• Participating bank> can let their 
customers post collateral to swaps 
and securities clearinghouses 
within minutes - a huge boon for 
deposits 
LX Commodities/Swaps 
Clearinghouse 
• heals clearing requirement - 
Dodd-Frank req that certain 
swaps transactions in the US are 
cleared by a licensed 
clearinghouse 
• Reports swaps transactions to 
Swap Data Repositories, as 
required by law, before signing 
blocks containing them 
Circle of Economic Profit 
for Sidechain Members 
- Each node can be a 
functionary, or run its 
own sidechain 
- Everyone in the old 
system experiences 
competitive 
disadvantages and is 
forced to switch 
ACH Clearinghouse 
• Relines to ssn b'otks II AMLiKYC 
chrci>lail
Securities/Stocks 
Clearinghouse 
• Fulfills requirement to clear 
securities transactions through 
SEC-licensed clearinghouse 
LedgerX 
Confidential 
EFTA00590697
--- PAGE 14 ---
Are US Financial Institutions Solvent? Before and After 
Before Bitcoin + sidechains 
????? Unclear 
Counterparty 
obligations 
Government can't 
analyze cross-
clearinghouse 
financial exposure of 
market participants 
Clearinghouse 
Currently there is no 
system to analyze 
counterparty 
exercise chains, 
cross-clearinghouse, 
to find the riskiest 
default events 
Without a top-down 
view of the riskiest 
default chains, 
individual shops 
(hedge funds, 
traders, banks) have 
no idea what their 
true exposure is 
After Bitcoin + sidechains + LedgerX clearinghouse 
Bitcoin 
Main Chain 
Legally-mandated Swap 
Data Repository 
LX clearinghouse sidechain 
At the clearinghouse level, 
regulators rely on the legally-
mandated reports containing 
the outstanding obligations for 
each market participant. 
Issued-assets means 
clearinghouses can use these 
reports to construct a 
comprehensive picture of all 
outstanding obligations for any 
asset: 
Issued-assets for title 
transfer of physically-settled 
financial contracts 
- Issued-assets for cash 
settlement of cash-settled 
financial contracts 
- Bitcoin for btc-settled 
contracts (e.g. hashrate 
derivatives for miners; 
options on bitcoin) 
If you can see all obligations, 
you know whether the 
system is solvent. 
LedgerX 
Confidential 
EFTA00590698
--- PAGE 15 ---
Disclaimers 
The information contained herein is confidential and proprietary information of NYBX Inc. ("LedgerX" or the "Company"). By accepting 
such information, each recipient agrees that it will, and will cause its directors, officers, employees and representatives to, use such 
information only to evaluate LedgerX's information and not for any other purpose and will not divulge any such information to any other 
party. Any reproduction of such information, in whole or in part, is prohibited unless permitted in writing by an authorized representative 
of LedgerX. Circulation must be restricted accordingly. 
This presentation contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to 
differ materially from those anticipated. The results or developments anticipated by management may not be realized or even if realized, 
may not have the expected consequences to, or effects on, LedgerX or the Company's business prospects, financial condition or results of 
operations. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decision. 
The information within this presentation has been compiled by LedgerX for general purposes only. LedgerX assumes no responsibility for 
any errors or omissions. Additionally, the above information is provided for explanation purposes only, and should not be considered 
investment advice or the results of actual market experience. This communication is not a recommendation to buy, sell or retain any 
specific investment. 
Derivatives and bitcoin trading is not suitable for all investors and involves the risk of loss. LedgerX products and platforms are subject to 
regulatory oversight and approval. All references to specifications herein are made subject to and are superseded by official LedgerX 
rules. Current rules should be consulted in all cases concerning contract specifications. 
LedgerXTM is a trademark of NYBX Inc. All other trademarks are held by their respective owners. 
© LedgerX 
Confidential 
EFTA00590699

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590700.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
Poen 1. rdefindS
To: 
IBIZaatan 
Subject: 
RE: hey Di
Date: 
Tuesday, June 09, 2009110:00 PM 
Attachments: 
baleal2S0 
FYI - The motion to unseal the non-prosecution agreement (agreement between Epstein and the 
government) is in front of Judge Coibath tomorrow morning at 10:30 in courtroom 11F. I know that Tim 
wanted to have you guys there and we would love that too. Thanks 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Partner 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler' Attorneys at Law 
Las Olas City Centre 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
954) 522.8663 
From: Glasser, Erk (WPTV) [malto:EGIassera] 
Sent: Tuesday, June 02, 2009 10:24 AM 
To: Bradley J. Edwards 
ect: hey Brad! 
am working on 
youacopy.PeterOK'd it- o I'll keep you posted.
Email me the address you want it sent to, OK? 
Talk soon, 
Eric 
r ciS6u-c2sci. 
c.) '-cc
c\-2r-tY'Q" 
Cr er 12---
C6655 
EFTA00590700

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590701.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 5.9.16 
I, PEGGY SIEGAL, of the County of New York, State of New 
York, declare this to be my Will. I revoke all my prior Wills and 
Codicils. 
FIRST: 
I devise and bequeath the residue of 
the property owned by me at my death, real and personal and 
wherever situated, to the Trustees serving at my death under a 
certain revocable trust agreement executed on this same date, but 
prior to the execution of this Will, by me, as Grantor and as 
Trustee, to be added to the principal held by the Trustees 
thereunder at my death and to be disposed of in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of said trust agreement as it may be amended 
at my death. 
SECOND: 
I expressly refrain from exercising 
any power of appointment that I may have at my death. 
THIRD: 
All 
inheritance, 
succession, 
transfer, estate taxes and generation-skipping transfer tax 
(including any foreign taxes, interest and penalties) payable by 
reason of my death in respect of all items included in the 
computation of such taxes, whether passing under or outside of the 
provisions of this Will, shall be paid as specified in the 
revocable trust agreement referred to in Clause FIRST of this Will. 
EFTA00590701
--- PAGE 2 ---
FOURTH: 
(A) I name FRANK SELVAGGI and JOSHUA 
SCHMELL and the survivor of them to be my Executors. 
(B) Each individual serving from 
time to time as an Executor, including any Executor who is 
appointed pursuant to this paragraph, may appoint any person or 
bank or trust company to serve as such Executor's successor 
Executor. I also empower my Executors serving from time to time 
(acting by a majority thereof) to appoint an additional Executor. 
Appointments shall be made by instrument filed with the Executors 
then in office. Any such appointment of a successor may be revoked 
by instrument in writing so filed by the person who made the 
appointment at any time before the successor qualifies and any 
revoked appointment may be superseded by a new appointment. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) no appointment of a bank or 
trust company shall be effective if a corporate Executor is already 
serving, and (ii) no appointment of a successor Executor by an 
Executor herein shall be effective if a successor Executor named 
herein qualifies as an Executor pursuant to the foregoing 
provisions of this Clause. 
(C) I direct that no bond or other 
security shall at any time, or for any purpose, including (without 
limitation) any proceeding for advance payment of commissions, be 
-2-
EFTA00590702
--- PAGE 3 ---
required of any Executor who may be serving at any time under this 
Will including (without limitation) any Executor who is appointed 
under the provisions of this Clause, regardless of the State of 
residence of such Executor. 
(D) Any Executor may at any time 
resign by written instrument delivered to the Executor who may 
succeed such resigning Executor and if there is no such successor 
Executor, then by written instrument filed in the court having 
jurisdiction over this Will. 
(E) All management and investment 
powers shall remain exercisable until distribution of my estate has 
been completed. 
(F) Any Executor who maybe serving 
at any time may perform purely ministerial acts such as signing 
checks or instruments of transfer or giving instructions for the 
purchase or sale of securities on behalf of my estate. 
(S) No one dealing with my Executors 
need inquire concerning the validity of anything done by them or 
upon their order. 
(H) All references in this Will to 
my Executors shall be deemed to refer to my Executors who shall be 
serving from time to time, even though only one such Executor may 
-3-
EFTA00590703
--- PAGE 4 ---
be serving at any given time. 
(I) In any proceeding concerning my 
estate, it shall not be necessary for any person who is under a 
disability to be made a party to such proceeding provided that any 
person who is a party thereto has the same interest therein as the 
person who is under a disability. 
FIFTH: 
In addition 
law, I grant to my Executors who may be in 
power to: Retain so long as they may deem 
to the powers granted by 
office from time to time 
advisable and to acquire 
by purchase or otherwise, any kind of real property or personal 
property, including (without limitation) common stocks, interests 
in investment companies and discretionary common trust funds, 
undivided interests and secured and unsecured obligations--all 
without diversification as to kind or amount and without being 
limited to investments authorized by law for the investment of 
estate or trust funds; to sell for cash or on credit (at public or 
private sale), grant options, lease and mortgage, all without 
regard to statutory restrictions or the duration of any trust, any 
kind of real or personal property; to distribute in kind or in 
money or partly in each, even if shares be composed differently; to 
hold property in the names of nominees or so that it will pass on 
delivery, and to leave property in the custody of a firm of 
-4-
EFTA00590704
--- PAGE 5 ---
stockbrokers and registered in the name of the stockbrokers' 
nominees; to renew, assign, alter, extend, compromise, abandon or 
release or arbitrate claims asserted by or against my estate or any 
trust; to engage and rely on accountants, appraisers and other 
experts and legal counsel and to compensate them; to employ 
bookkeepers and clerks and other assistants; to borrow money for 
any purpose from others or from my fiduciaries or any of them and 
if money is borrowed to pay interest thereon; to continue any debt 
of mine; if no corporate fiduciary is serving, to engage and rely 
on investment counsel and employ custodians of the assets; and to 
exercise (or refrain from exercising) all elections provided by law 
for tax purposes and to make all allocations so provided 
(including, without limitation, the election to claim expenses as 
income or estate tax deductions, elections pertaining to the estate 
tax marital deduction and the generation-skipping transfer tax and 
allocation of all credits and exemptions available to my estate) as 
they may deem advisable, in their sole and absolute discretion, and 
without making equitable adjustments between income and principal 
or among the interests of the beneficiaries of my estate or any 
trust; to access, use, and control my digital devices, including 
but not limited to, desktop computers, laptop computers, tablets, 
peripherals, storage devices, mobile telephones, smart phones, and 
any similar devices which currently exist or may exist as 
-5-
EFTA00590705
--- PAGE 6 ---
technology develops for the purposes of accessing, modifying, 
deleting, controlling, or transferring my digital assets; to 
access, modify, delete, control, and transfer my digital assets and 
the content thereof, including but not limited to, e-mails 
received, e-mails sent, e-mail accounts, digital music, digital 
photographs, digital videos, software licenses, social network 
accounts, file sharing accounts, financial accounts, domain 
registrations, DNS service accounts, web hosting accounts, tax 
preparation services accounts, online stores, affiliate programs, 
other on-line accounts, and similar digital items which currently 
exist or may exist as technology develops; and to obtain, access, 
modify, delete, and control my passwords and other electronic 
credentials associated with my digital devices and digital assets 
hereinbefore described. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have signed and sealed this Will 
-6-
EFTA00590706
--- PAGE 7 ---
consisting of seven (7) pages this 
day of 
Two Thousand and Sixteen. 
 (L.S.) 
On the date last above written, at 
while we were 
all in her presence and in the presence of each other, PEGGY SIEGAL 
subscribed the foregoing, declared it to be her Will and requested 
us to sign as witnesses thereof. Immediately thereafter while we 
all remained in her presence and in the presence of each other, we 
signed as such witnesses. 
residing at 
residing at 
EFTA00590707
--- PAGE 8 ---
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
ss.: 
1. 
residing at 
2. 
residing at 
being duly sworn, depose and say that: 
They witnessed the execution of the Will of PEGGY SIEGAL 
dated 
consisting of seven (7) 
pages. 
The Will was executed at 
under 
the supervision of FRANKLIN H. JULIE, an attorney at law with 
offices at 551 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York. 
This affidavit is made at the request of the Testatrix. 
The Testatrix in our presence subscribed her name to the 
Will at the end thereof, and at the time of making such 
subscription, published and declared the same to be her Last Will 
and Testament; thereupon we, at her request and in her presence and 
in the presence of each other, signed our names thereto as 
subscribing witnesses. 
The said Testatrix at the time of such execution was more 
than 18 years old and, in our opinion, of sound mind, memory, and 
understanding, not under any restraint or in any respect 
incompetent to make a Will. 
The Testatrix indicated to us that she had read the Will, 
knew the contents thereof, and that the provisions therein 
contained expressed the manner in which she desired her estate to 
be administered and distributed. 
EFTA00590708
--- PAGE 9 ---
The Testatrix could read, write and converse in the 
English language, and was suffering from no defect of sight, 
hearing, or speech, or from any physical or mental impairment which 
would affect her capacity to make a valid Will. 
The Testatrix signed only one copy of the said Will on 
said occasion. 
Sworn to before me this 
day of 
, 2016 
Notary Public 
EFTA00590709

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590710.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590710.pdf
----------------------------------------
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 NORTH ANDREWS AVENUE, SUITE 2 
FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
(954)524-2822 Fax 
(800) 400-1098 Toll Free 
FACSIMILE COVER SHEET 
DATE: 
July 17, 2017 
TO: 
FAX NO: 
FROM: 
Maria Kelljchian 
RE: 
Jane Doe 43 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No.: 17 civ. 00616 
MESSAGE: Please see attached 
# OF PAGES 4 (including cover sheet) 
IF YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE DESIGNATED NUMBER OF PAGES, OR IF YOU 
EXPERIENCE ANY PROBLEM WITH THE TRANSMISSION OF THIS DOCUMENT, 
PLEASE CALL 954-524-2820. 
THIS MESSAGE IS INTENDED ONLY FOR THE USE OF THE INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY TO WHICH 
IT IS ADDRESSED AND MAY CONTAIN INFORMATION THAT IS PRIVILEGED, CONFIDENTIAL 
AND EXEMPT FROM DISCLOSURE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. 
IF THE READER OF THIS 
MESSAGE IS NOT THE INTENDED RECIPIENT, OR THE EMPLOYEE OR AGENT RESPONSIBLE 
FOR DELIVERING THE MESSAGE TO THE INTENDED RECIPIENT, YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED 
THAT ANY DISSEMINATION, DISTRIBUTION OR COPYING OF THIS COMMUNICATION IS 
STRICTLY PROHIBITED. IF YOU HAVE RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE 
NOTIFY US IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONE AND RETURN THE ORIGINAL MESSAGE TO US AT 
THE ABOVE ADDRESS VIA THE U.S. POSTAL SERVICE. THANK YOU. 
EFTA00590710
--- PAGE 2 ---
Know! Inf vry 
Mte..1 
1Murgfirl ONO 
litleAtabluyetv 
areutoithricr..cw 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos Et Lehrman, P.L. 
Bradley J. Edwards 
July 17, 2017 
SUBMITTED UNDER SEAL 
Hon. John G. Koeld 
United States District Court 
for the Southern District of New York 
Daniel Patrick Moynihan United States Courthouse 
500 Pearl Street 
New York, NY 10007-1312 
RE: Jane Doe 43 v. Epstein et al., No. 17 Civ. 616 (JOK) 
Dear Judge. Koeltl: 
We represent Plaintiff Jane Doe 43 in the above-captioned action. We write in response to 
a letter that Defense counsel for Jeffrey Epstein et al. ("Epstein') sent the Court on Friday, July 
14, 2017. The letter requests that this Court give leave to Epstein to move for relief from a 
protective order entered in another, now-settled, civil matter, permitting him to use confidential 
documents from that case in this case. The letter further requests that this Court stay the current 
briefing schedule established for Epstein's Motion to Dismiss. After months of delay occasioned 
by the Defendants, and pursuant to an agreed schedule between the parties (sent to the Court via 
agreed letter motion on June 14, 2017), Epstein's Motion to Dismiss is due to be filed on Monday, 
July 17, 2017. See DE 48. Jane Doe 43 respectfully requests that the Court deny the request for 
leave to file any motion regarding the protective order, as any such motion would be properly 
addressed to Judge Sweet—the Judge who entered the order in the first instance. Jane Doe 43 
furthers requests that the Court deny the requested stay of briefmg on the Motion to Dismiss. 
EFTA00590711
--- PAGE 3 ---
July 17, 2017 
Page 2 
With regard to Eps
equest that he be given leave to move for modification of the 
protective order entered in 
v. Maxwell, No. 15 Civ. 7433 (RWS), any issues related to the 
protective order are properly addressed to Judge Sweet. See, e.g., Daniels v. City of N.Y., 200 
F.R.D. 205, 206 (S.D.N.Y. 2001) (discussing need for motion to intervene and then showing 
"extraordinary circumstance" to modify previously-entered protective order). Whether Epstein 
will even be allowed to intervene in that now-closed case to seek modification of the protective 
order is an issue that must be addressed by Judge Sweet. Accordingly, this Court (Koetlt, J.) 
should deny Epstein's effort to avoid presenting this issue to Judge Sweet by denying Epstein's 
request for leave to move for relief from the protective order. All such issues are the purview of 
Judge Sweet. 
With regard to Epstein's request that the Court stay the briefing schedule for his Motion to 
Dismiss, the Court should deny this motion as well. First, Epstein's motion is untimely. He offers 
no explanation for having waited until this past Friday to file a motion to stay a brief that is due to 
be filed today. The documents that he says are relevant to his Motion to Dismiss were provided 
to him months ago, and he could have raised any issues concerning possible use of those 
documents months ago. 
Second, Epstein's Motion for a Stay is meritless. At this stage of the proceedings—
involving a Motion to Dismiss—the narrow issue before the Court is whether Jane Doe 43's 
Complaint is somehow defective on its face. If not, then the case must move forward and further 
discovery can be taken on jurisdictional and other issues. Epstein appears to believe that some 
information in Jane Doe 43's previously-taken deposition will shed light on a jurisdictional issue: 
If so, he remains free, of course, to obtain that same information by deposing her in this case. And, 
of course, Jane Doe 43 can obtain her own information relevant to jurisdiction by deposing Epstein 
and the other Defendants in this case. No good reason exists for delaying briefmg on the Motion 
Dismiss so that Epstein can pursue some unspecified factual information, outside the four corners 
of the Complaint. Indeed, it is noteworthy that Epstein's letter fails to provide any details on how 
he could obtain factual information that would demonstrate lack of jurisdiction in this case. It is 
also noteworthy that Epstein does not include in his letter a sworn affidavit attesting to the truth of 
his counsel's representation that Epstein has "no present connection to New York." See Letter 
from Michael C. Miller to Hon. John G. Koetlt at 2 (July 14, 2017). Counsel for Jane Doe 43 have 
substantial grounds for believing this representation to be untrue and, in any event, would request 
that this case move forward so that Epstein can be deposed on his connections to New York. 
Granting a stay now will simply delay the proceedings for no legitimate purpose. 
For all these reasons, the Court should deny Epstein's request for leave to file a Motion to 
Seek Modification of Judge Sweet's protective order, and should deny Epstein's request for a stay 
of briefing on the Motion to Dismiss. 
EFTA00590712
--- PAGE 4 ---
Honorable John G. Koeltl 
July 17, 2017 
Page 3 
Very Truly Yours, 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, FISTOS and LEHRMAN, PL 
Bradley J. 
BJE:mwk 
EFTA00590713
--- PAGE 5 ---
2502658500 
TRANSACTION REPORT 
FAX( TX) 
P.01/01 
JUL/17/2017/MON 11:09 AM 
DATE 
START T. RECEIVER 
COM.TINE PAGE TYPE/NOTE 
MEMORY 
0% 
803 
PILE 
2925 
001 JUL/17 
11:08AM 
0:00:51 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 NORTH ANDRRWS AVENUE, SUITE 2 
FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
(954)524-2820 
(954)524-2822 Fax 
(800) 400-1098 Toll Free 
FACSIMILE COVER SHEET 
DATE: 
July 17, 2017 
TO: 
Honorable John O. Kochi 
FAX NO: 
FROM: 
Maria Kelljchian 
RE: 
Jane Doe 43 v. „levy Epstein 
Case No.: 17 civ. 00616 
MESSAGE: Please see attached 
# OF PAGES _4_ (including cover sheet) 
IF YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE DESIGNATED NUMBER OF PAGES, OR IF YOU 
EXPERIENCE ANY PROBLEM WITH THE TRANSMISSION OF THIS DOCUMENT, 
PLEASE CALL 954-524-2820. 
THIS MESSAGE IS INTENDED ONLY POE THE USE OF THE INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY TO WHICH 
IT IS ADDRESSED AND MAY CONTAIN INFORMATION THAT IS PRIVILEGED, CONFIDENTIAL 
AND EXEMPT FROM DISCLOSURE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. IF THE READER OP THIS 
MESSAGE IS NOT THE INTENDED RECIPIENT, OR THE EMPLOYEE OR AGENT RESPONSIBLE 
FOR DELIVERING THE MESSAGE TO THE INTENDED RECIPIENT, YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED 
THAT ANY DISSEMINATION, DISTRIBUTION OR COPYING OF THIS COMMUNICATION IS 
STRICTLY PROHIBITED. IF YOU HAVE RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE 
NOTIFY US IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONE AND RETURN THE ORIGINAL MESSAGE TO US AT 
THE ABOVE ADDRESS VIA THE U.S. POSTAL SERVICE. THANK YOU. 
EFTA00590714

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590715.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tropical 
Tc roomppical
anySidlilypiitni and Construction
ed
SHIPPING 
Page I of I 
a 
, IIIPPER/EXPORTE.R 
100271168 
NIULLINAX FORD & MERCURY 
1210 NORTHI.AKE BLVD 
I.AKE PARK Fl. 33403 
INITED STATES 
EXPORT REFERENCES 
EXPRESS RELEASE 
06464 
UONSIGNE.EINOT NEGOTIABLE. UNLESS CONSIGNED TO ORDERI 
100064506 
I-SJE. LI.0 
6100 REDHOOK QUARTER 83 
CHARLOTTE AMALIE 00802 
ST THOMAS. USVI 
FORWARDING AGENT/PIM NO. 
NOTIFY PARTY 
ALSO NOTIFY/ROUTINGANSTRUCTIONS 
I. XPORTINGCAR.P.IER. VOYAGE& WA 
IMPARTING: VEGA OMEGA • 0024 
%amino 
VEGA OMEGA • 0024 
WA: 7/18/2017 
PRE.CARPJAGE BY 
PLACE OP RECEIPT' 
PORT OP LOADING 
PORT OF PALM BEACH SEAPORT 
PORT OP DLTCHARGE 
CROWN BAY SEAPORT (ST THOMAS) 
PUCE OF DELIVERY BY ONCARRIER* 
POINT AND COUNTRY OF ORIGIN OF GOODS 
PARTICULARS FURNISHED BY SHIPPER 
MARKS & NBRS/CONTAINER 
NUMBER 
ILAZ 
DESCRIPTION OP PACKAGESIGOODS 
GROSS WEIGHT 
MEASUREMENT 
NBRS W/NVAL NUMBERS 
OP PKGS. 
I.BS 
KG 
CF 
CM 
SHIPMENT NO 7014099 
I 
UNIT(S FORD F250 LIFT GATE BLACK 
TIRU4838864 
VIN#: 
6160 
2794 
922.5 
26.122 
71180 I I 
TOTAL 6160 
2794 
922.5 
26.122 
1817014099 
2017 FORD F250 LIFT CATE BLACK 
VIM: 
X I UNIT(S), 6160 LBS, UN3166, 
ENGINE, INTERNAL COMBUSTION, CLASS 9, 
EMERGENCY PHONE NBR 18002553924, EMS SCH 
F-D$-U 
CLAUSES 
AES X20170707278480 
SHIPPER'S WEIGHT. 
CARRIER'S CUBE. 
CARRIER NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THEFT OR DAMAGE TO PERSONAL EFFECTS / ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT / LOOSE 
GEAR. 
CARRIER CONFIRMS THE VEHICLE IDENTIFICATION (V.LNJ IS THE SAME AS STATED ON ATTACHED DOCUMENTATION. 
INSURED VALUE 
SO4.655.86 I 
I FREIGHT PAYABLE APB Y 
ST THOMAS. USVI 
/ LEIE. LLC 
WHERE APPLICABLE. TIRE COMMODMES. TECHNOtOGY OR SOFTWARE WERE 
EXPORTED FROM THE UNITED STATES FOR ULTIMATE DESTINAllON IABOYENN 
ACCORDANCE WTTH MR EX/CET ADMINISTRATION REGULATOR/T.DIVERSION 
CONTRARY TO VS LAW IS PROHIBITED 
ao.Rce DESCRIPTION 
I PREPAID 10301 
COLLECT 113301 
OCEAN FREIGHT 
BILL OF LADING 
• ICI. 
PROCESSING FEE 
FUELSURCHARGE 
2397.20 
50.00 
45.00 
10.00 
175.18 
55.32 
175.18 
1197.00 
• APPUCABLE ONLY WIEN VIM= POI COMBINEDIRANSIXAT 
SED 
VEHICLE CLEARANCE 
BUNKER SURCHARGE 
LOW SULFUR 
SECURITY SURCHARGE 
INSURANCE PREMIUM 
Rettonl Ily the Cenky Inn Et Slim, in emods poloVetalliiolitns tickle., uthemne tat& 
cit e= 
4.("1....."".” -60
hT.
l t aavatft.inant
itttiVenmisiLl"' I
seam
j‘tr6r
I
FILl itev 
Pio 4 LoaRtei wInlyon n auto* o Oe hoof Disilysv nr Ow //b.'," Wiwi,. whavin n 
Wilkofle 11 et Cana sr rope, bcf.c4. il army, ednny .,1 Se C..... oie inyntl Bill na.bilni. 
4. 1)... 14.."" 
it ...So" 
Or .1.MadinO". en 
sag Rm., Ona.P 
P."al
,  dtal 
bill a t../..Olir(Ant eteroJ, N(fp, a4.Pt06,
kwaianmvealk (..
 (Wan In 444( felil 
tin✓
al is tins ad o., ,,,,, . lag ttkv (villa. Oeripcd.r melon cc aka.< MviNidel bOmddindill 
Ow nn-ntnng 410n NI 41 Lailoy tv Of 11Inban 
OVATINTS1 WHEREOF oat, of myna! PM of Latrig stnnl ham lwv hm sksnol m:u1.1”.1. 
lwrif uNtriikatil its .4 requol es tte Cut n1 the als.r. OallIvwa 
 1-OR CARRIER 
/KT TO1111b0L TEAMS AND CONDITION`. AVAILABLE AT 
OR Ate...PARRS LOCAL 01410E 
TOTAL. USD 
104.88 
PATEN, ISSUANCE 
07/17/2017 
NO OP ORIGINAL TUL(S) SIGNED 
VOYAGE DATE 
07/14/2017 
Printed:07/17/2017 12:16:35 
EFTA00590715

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590716.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590716.pdf
----------------------------------------
Richard J. Katz. 
Steven A. Albert,
Alison Bender Ha mes. 
Stephen D. Greenberg 
Douglas R. DeCoralo, 
Gavin L. Duke, 
EAST 
RIVER 
MEDICAL IMAGING, PC 
Paul S. Choi. 
Sean K Herman, 
Robert L Ludwig, 
Timothy W. Deyer, 
Michele A. Klein. 
James W. Br 
Morton Schneider, 
ret 
519 & 523 East 72nd Street • Nev. York. NY 10021.3 East 75th Street. At Fifth Avenue • New York NY 10021 
430 East 59th Street. Sutton Place • New York, NY 10022 
Tel: 212-288-1575. Fax: 212-288.7616 • 
BRUCE W MOSKOWITZ, 
1411 NORTH FLAGLER DRIVE 
SUITE 7100 
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401 
Patient: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
Exam Date: 10/14/15 
Acc No: 
MRN: 
Dear Dr. Moskowitz, 
MRI SCAN OF THE LUMBAR SPINE 
Clinical History: 
62-year-old male with bilateral leg numbness for 2 years. 
Technique: 
The examination was performed with sagittal T1 weighted images, STIR and T2 weighted images, 
and axial T2 weighted images of the lumbar spine. Coronal T2 weighted images were obtained as 
well. 
Comparison: 
No prior studies are available for comparison. 
Findings: 
Straightening of lumbar lordosis is noted with minimal retrolisthesis of U on L3 and minimal grade 1 
anterolisthesis of L4 on 1.5. Vertebral heights are unremarkable. Small high signal intensity 
hemangiomata are present multiple levels. Multilevel decreased disc space signal is present. Disc 
space heights are unremarkable. 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY ACC: 
Exam Date: 10/14/15 DOB: 01/20/1953 
ACCESS YOUR PATIENTS IMAGES AND REPORTS (a: 
PET/CT • HIGH FIELD AIN • OPEN MRI • MULTIDETECTOR VOLUME CT (VCT) • BONE DENSITY • NUCLEAR MEDICINE 
ULTRASOUND • DIGITAL X-RAY • CORONARY CT ANGIOGRAPHY • VIRTUAL COLONOSCOPY • CT/MR ANGIOGRAPHY 
EFTA00590716
--- PAGE 2 ---
At the L1-L2 level, there is no evidence of canal stenosis or foraminal narrowing. 
At the L2-L3 level, above described subluxation with disc bulge asymmetric to the right is noted 
causing mild right foraminal narrowing and mild bilateral lateral recess stenosis without significant 
central canal stenosis or foraminal narrowing. Mild facet changes are present. 
At the L3-L4 level, disc bulge with facet changes are present causing mild bilateral foraminal 
narrowing and mild canal stenosis. 
At the L4-L5 level, above described subluxation with disc bulge and osteophyte asymmetric to the left 
is noted with facet changes causing severe left and moderate right foraminal narrowing. Disc bulge 
with ligamentous thickening is present causing severe central canal stenosis. 
At the L5-S1 level, osteophyte asymmetric to the right with facet changes are present causing 
moderate right foraminal narrowing as well as moderate left and severe right lateral recess stenosis. 
No significant left foraminal narrowing is present. 
The conus is normal shape and position. 
There is no evidence of prevertebral or paraspinal soft tissue abnormality. 
IMPRESSION 
Osteophyte with facet changes causing moderate right foraminal narrowing at L5-S1 with moderate 
left and severe right lateral recess stenosis. 
Grade 1 anterolisthesis of L4 on L5 with severe central canal stenosis and severe left and moderate 
right foraminal narrowing. 
Mild bilateral foraminal narrowing at L3-L4. 
Mild right foraminal narrowing at L2-L3. 
Very truly yours, 
PAUL CHOI, M.D. 
Electronically Signed By PAUL CHOI, M.D. 
Date/Time Transcribed: 10/14/15 5:39 am 
REPORT 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY ACC: 
Exam Date: 10/14/15 DOB: 01/20/1953 
EAST RIVER MEDICAL IMAGING, PC 
PET/CT • HIGH FIELD MR/ • OPEN MRI • MULTIDETECTOR VOLUME CT (VCT) • BONE DENSITY • NUCLEAR MEDICINE 
ULTRASOUND • DIGITAL X-RAY • CORONARY CTANGIOGRAPHY • VIRTUAL COLONOSCOPY.• CT/MR ANGIOGRAPHY 
EFTA00590717
--- PAGE 3 ---
CC: 
CC PATIENT 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY ACC: 
Exam Date: 10/14/15 DOB: 01/20/1953 
"itka
EAST RIVER MEDICAL IMAGING, PC 
PET/CT • HIGH FIELD AIN • OPEN MRI • MULTIDETECTOR VOLUME CT (VCT)• BONE DENSITY • NUCLEAR MEDICINE 
ULTRASOUND • DIGITAL X-RAV • CORONARY CTANGIOGRAPHY • VIRTUAL COLONOSCOPY • CT/AIR ANGIOGRAPHY 
EFTA00590718

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590719.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590719.pdf
----------------------------------------
10/25/2013 
1/24/2014 
4/24/2014 
7/24/2014 
10/24/2014 
1/24/2015 
4/24/2015 
7/24/2015 
10/24/2015 
P 
APO GRAT 41 
% 8FP LP CONTRIBUTED 
37.7500% 
APO Price (Mid) 
34.1350 
Discounted Value 
940,000,000 
CASH 
47000000 
56,000,000 
35,900,000 
11,700,000 
IN KIND 
62,808,497 
53,808,497 
73,908,497 
98,108,497 
Annuity Payments - Year 1 
439,233,988 
TOTAL 
109,808,497 
109,808,497 
109,808,497 
109,808,497 
CASH 
20,200,000 
15,000,000 
3,680,000 
2,525,730 
IN KIND 
111,556,087 
116,756,087 
128,076,087 
84,160,649 
Annuity Payments - Year 2 
527,024,348 
TOTAL 
131,756,087 
131,756,087 
131,756,087 
86,686,379 FAIL 
Total Annuity Payments 
966,258,336 
8FP %PAID WITH ANNUITY 
2.5808% 
2.4038% 
3.5009% 
5.2864% 
5.6222% 
6.2891% 
7.1266% 
4.9403% 
8FP %AFTER EACH ANNUITY DATE 
35.1692% 
32.7655% 
29.2646% 
23.9782% 
18.3560% 
12.0669% 
4.9403% 
0.0000% 
FAIL 
3/3/2014 
6/3/2014 
9/3/2014 
12/3/2014 
3/3/201S 
6/3/2015 
9/3/201S 
12/3/2015 
APO GRAT a2 
12/4/2013 
%UP LP 
34.5300% 
APO Price (Mid) 
29.7200 
Discounted Value 
780,000,000 
CASH 
27,500,000 
47,700,000 
23,900,000 
15,000,000 
IN KIND 
63,205,947 
43,005,947 
66,805,947 
75,705,947 
Annuity Payments - Year 1 
362,823,786 
TOTAL 
90,705,947 
90,705,947 
90,705047 
90,705,947 
CASH 
17,770,000 
10,062,000 
6,482,000 
2,102,000 
IN KIND 
91,072,916 
98,780,916 102,360,916 
106,740,916 
Annuity Payments - Year 2 
435,371,664 
TOTAL 
108042,916 
108,842,916 108,842016 
108,842,916 
Total Annuity Payments 
798,195,450 
8FP %PAID WITH ANNUITY 
2.6640% 
2.1525% 
3.5281% 
3.9477% 
4.7350% 
5.0143% 
6.0569% 
6.3160% 
8FP %AFTER EACH ANNUITY DATE 
31.8660% 
29.7135% 
26.1854% 
22.2377% 
17.5027% 
12.4885% 
6.4316% 
0.1156% SUCCESS 
6/3/2014 
9/3/2014 
12/3/2014 
3/3/2015 
6/3/2015 
9/3/2015 
12/3/2015 
APO GRAT 4 3 
3/4/2014 
% 8FP LP 
5.24474% 
APO Price (Mid) 
32.7750 
Discounted Value 
129,000,000 
CASH 
7,800,000 
4,050,000 
2,350,000 
2,910,000 
IN KIND 
7,236,053 
10,986,053 
12,686,053 
12,126,053 
Annuity Payments - Year 1 
60,144,212 
TOTAL 
15,036,053 
15,036,053 
15,036,053 
15,036,053 
1,735,000 
1,134,000 
399,000 
46,000 
16,306,650 
16,907,650 
17,642,650 
2,336,723 
Annuity Payments - Year 2 
72,166,599 
18,041,650 
18,041,650 
18,041,650 
2,382,723 
Total Annuity Payments 
132,310,811 
8FP %PAID WITH ANNUITY 
0.3622% 
0.5802% 
0.6615% 
0.6304% 
0.8277% 
1.0005% 
1.0439% 
0.1383% 
8FP %AFTER EACH ANNUITY DATE 
4.8826% 
4.3024% 
3.6409% 
3.0104% 
2.1827% 
1.1822% 
0.1383% 
0.0000% 
9/3/2014 
12/3/2014 
3/3/2015 
6/3/2015 
9/3/201S 
12/3/2015 
3/3/2016 
FAIL 
EFTA00590719
--- PAGE 2 ---
3/3/2014 
6/3/2014 
9/3/2014 
12/3/2014 
3/3/2015 
6/3/2015 
9/3/2015 
12/3/2015 
APO GRAT a4 
6/4/2014 
%8FP LP 
4.91846% 
INT % 
APO Price (Mid) 
25.1700 
BAL 
Discounted Value 
99,000,000 
CASH 
4,150,000 
2,340,000 
3,240,000 
2,082,000 
IN KIND 
7,389,297 
9,199,297 
8,299,297 
9,457,297 
Annuity Payments - Year 1 
46,157,186 
TOTAL 
11,539,297 
11,539,297 
11,539,297 
11,539,297 
CASH 
1,652,000 
799,000 
534,000 
290,000 
IN KIND 
12,193,917 
13,046,917 
13,311,917 
13,555,917 
Annuity Payments - Year 2 
55,383,669 
TOTAL 
13,845,917 
13,845,917 
13,845,917 
13,845,917 
Total Annuity Payments 
101,540,855 
8FP %PAID WITH ANNUITY 
0.3902% 
0.4797% 
0.4315% 
0.4801% 
0.7215% 
0.7720% 
0.7877% 
0.8021% 
BFP %AFTER EACH ANNUITY DATE 
4.5282% 
4.0485% 
3.6170% 
3.1370% 
2.4154% 
1.6434% 
0.8557% 
0.0536% SUCCESS 
12/3/2014 
3/3/2015 
6/3/2015 
9/3/2015 
12/3/2015 
3/3/2016 
6/3/2016 
APO GRAT # 5 
9/4/2014 
% 8FP LP 
7.99944% 
APO Price (Mid) 
23.3900 
GAL 
Discounted Value 
149,000,000 
CASH 
4,535,000 
5,870,000 
3,870,000 
3,191,000 
IN KIND 
12,832,224 
11,497,224 
13,497,224 
14,176,224 
Annuity Payments - Year 1 
69,468,896 
TOTAL 
17,367,224 
17,367,224 
17,367,224 
17,367,224 
CASH 
1,705,000 
1,346,000 
989,000 
592,000 
IN KIND 
19,133,805 
19,492,805 
19,849,805 
20,246,805 
Annuity Payments - Year 2 
83,355,219 
TOTAL 
20,838,805 
20,838,805 
20,838,805 
20,838,805 
Total Annuity Payments 
152,824,115 
8FP %PAID WITH ANNUITY 
0.6691% 
0.5978% 
0.6851% 
0.8388% 
1.1322% 
1.1534% 
1.1745% 
1.1980% 
8FP %AFTER EACH ANNUITY DATE 
7.3303% 
6.7326% 
6.0474% 
5.2086% 
4.0764% 
2.9230% 
1.7485% 
0.5504% SUCCESS 
EFTA00590720
--- PAGE 3 ---
3/3/2014 
6/3/2014 
9/3/2014 
12/3/2014 
3/3/2015 
6/3/2015 
9/3/2015 
12/3/2015 
3/3/2015 
6/3/2015 
9/3/2015 
12/3/2015 
3/3/2016 
6/3/2016 
9/3/2016 
12/3/2016 
APO GRAT 46 
12/4/2014 
% 8FP LP 
11.04442% 
INT% 
APO Price (Mid) 
23.9500 
BAL 
Discounted Value 
213,000,000 
CASH 
8,820,000 
5,875,000 
4,886,000 
2,637,000 
IN KIND 
15,949,701 
18,894,701 
1%883,701 
22,132,701 
Annuity Payments - Year 1 
99,078,803 
TOTAL 
24,769,701 
24,769,701 
24,769,701 
24,769,701 
CASH 
2,245,000 
1,741,000 
1,181,000 
609,000 
IN KIND 
27,477,489 
27,981,489 
28,541,489 
29,113,489 
Annuity Payments - Year 2 
118,889,954 
TOTAL 
29,722,489 
29,722,489 
29,722,489 
29,722,489 
Total Annuity Payments 
217,968,757 
8FP %PAID WITH ANNUITY 
0.8292% 
0.9591% 
1.1766% 
1.3096% 
1.6259% 
1.6557% 
1.6888% 
1.7227% 
8FP %AFTER EACH ANNUITY DATE 
10.21517% 
9.25605% 
8.07950% 
6.76988% 
5.14400% 
348829% 
1.79945% 
0.07676% SUCCESS 
6/3/2015 
9/3/2015 
12/3/2015 
3/3/2016 
6/3/2016 
9/3/2016 
12/3/2016 
3/3/2016 
APO GRAT # 7 
3/4/2015 
% BFP LP 
12.84609% 
APO Price (Mid) 
23.0400 
Discounted Value 
245,000,000 
CASH 
7,367,000 
6,222,000 
3,411,000 
2,983,000 
IN KIND 
21,060,019 
22,205,019 
25,016,019 
25,444,019 
Annuity Payments - Year 1 
113,708,077 
TOTAL 
28,427,019 
28,427,019 
28,427,019 
28,427,019 
CASH 
2,531,000 
1,898,000 
1,253,000 
595,000 
IN KIND 
31,578,298 
32,211,298 
32,856,298 
29,710,361 
Annuity Payments - Year 2 
136,437,193 
TOTAL 
34,109,298 
34,109,298 
34,109,298 
30,305,361 
250,145,270 
8FP %PAID WITH ANNUITY 
1.0690% 
1.3139% 
1.4802% 
1.5056% 
1.8685% 
1.9060% 
1.9442% 
1.7587% FAIL 
8FP %AFTER EACH ANNUITY DATE 
11.7771% 
10.4631% 
8.9829% 
7.4773% 
5.6088% 
3.7028% 
1.7587% 
0.0000% 
9/3/2015 
12/3/2015 
3/3/2016 
6/3/2016 
9/3/2016 
12/3/2016 
3/3/2016 
6/3/2016 
APO GRAT n8 
6/4/2015 
%UP LP 
15.32440% 
INT% 
APO Price (Mid) 
22.6950 
GAL 
Discounted Value 
301,000,000 
CASH 
8,391,000 
4,477,000 
3,971,000 
3,420,000 
IN KIND 
26,612,192 
30,526,192 
31,032,192 
31,583,192 
Annuity Payments - Year 1 
140,012,769 
TOTAL 
35,003,192 
35,003,192 
35,003,192 
35,003,192 
CASH 
IN KIND 
2,787,000 
2,001,000 
1,199,000 
382,000 
Annuity Payments - Year 2 
168,000,260 
TOTAL 
39,213,065 
39,999,065 
40,801,065 
19,04%850 
308,013,029 
42,000,065 
42,000,065 
42,000,065 
19,431,850 
8FP %PAID WITH ANNUITY 
1.5747% 
1.8063% 
1.8375% 
1.8701% 
2.3219% 
2.3684% 
2.4158% 
1.1297% FAIL 
8FP %AFTER EACH ANNUITY DATE 
13.7497% 
11.9434% 
10.1059% 
8.2358% 
5.9139% 
3.5455% 
1.1297% 
0.0000% 
169,000.00 
16%000.00 
168,880.42 
168,882.50 
168,886.44 
168,888.67 
168,890.86 
168,623.79 
EFTA00590721

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590722.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:17-cv-00616-JGK Document 8 Filed 01/27/17 Page 1 of 2 
A() 440 (Rcv. 0612) Summons in a Civil Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
forum 
Southern District of New York 
JANE DOE 43 
) 
) 
) 
) 
Plaintiffs) 
V. 
) ) ) 
Civil Action No. 
17-cv-616 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
, LESLEY GROFF, 
AND 
) ) ) ) 
Defendant(s) 
) 
SUMMONS IN A CIVIL ACTION 
TO: (Defendant's name and address) 
Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71st Street 
New York, NY 10021 
A lawsuit has been filed against you. 
Within 21 days after service of this summons on you (not counting the day you received it) — or 60 days if you 
are the United States or a United States agency, or an officer or employee of the United States described in Fed. R. Civ. 
P. 12 (a)(2) or (3) — you must serve on the plaintiff an answer to the attached complaint or a motion under Rule 12 of 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The answer or motion must be served on the plaintiff or plaintiff's attorney, 
whose name and address are: 
David Boles 
Boles Schiller & Flexner LLP 
333 Main Street 
Armonk, New York 10504 
If you fail to respond, judgment by default will be entered against you for the relief demanded in the complaint. 
You also must file your answer or motion with the court. 
.4rar
-h1/41,-
Date: 
1/26/2017 
CLERK OF COURT 
/s/ 
R. Chambers 
Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 
EFTA00590722
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616-JGK Document 8 Filed 01/27/17 Page 2 of 2 
AO 440 (Rev. 06!12) Summons in a Civil Action (Page 2) 
Civil Action No. 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not be filed with the court unless required by Fed R. Civ. P. 4 (0) 
This summons for (name of individual and title, item') 
was received by me on (date) 
O I personally served the summons on the individual at (place) 
on (date) 
; or 
O I left the summons at the individual's residence or usual place of abode with (name) 
, a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there, 
on (date) 
, and mailed a copy to the individual's last known address; or 
Date: 
O I served the summons on (name of individual) 
designated by law to accept service of process on behalf of (name of organization) 
on (date) 
O I returned the summons unexecuted because 
O Other (specify): 
My fees are $ 
for travel and $ 
for services, for a total of $ 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
; or 
, who is 
0.00 
; or 
Server's signature 
Printed name and title 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 
Server's address 
I 
Print 
Save As... 
EFTA00590723

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590724.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590724.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:17-cv-00616-JGK Document 13 Filed 01/31/17 Page 1 of 1 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
..... 
...... 
JANE DOE 43, 
Plaintiff(s), 
NOTICE OF COURT CONFERENCE 
-against-
EPSTEIN, 
civ 616 (JOK) 
Defendant(s). 
To All Parties, 
You are directed to appear for a pretrial conference, to be held on Thursday, March 9, 
2017, in Courtroom 12B, at 4:30pm in front of the Honorable 
All requests for adjournments must be made in writing to the Court. 
For any further information, please contact the Court at ( 
Dated: Ncw York, Ncw York 
January 31, 2017 
if tisns SON!! 
- i: 
• : 
i ; DOCill'ilt..2 FT
i-
I I ELECTRONIC`.ALLY. 11 1-1::.) i , 
: i 1)0C t!: 
_ _ 
I 
O 
:
f/500,-• 
EFTA00590724

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590725.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590725.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 1 of 21 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
JANE DOE 43, 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, GHISLAINE 
MAXWELL, 
LESLEY 
GROFF, AND 
Defendants. 
COMPLAINT 
JURY TRIAL DEMANDED 
CASE NO.: 
Plaintiff Jane Doe 43, by and through her undersigned counsel, for her 
claims against Defendants Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell, 
M, 
Lesley Grog and 
, alleges upon personal knowledge with 
respect to her own acts and status and upon information and belief as to all other 
matters, as follows: 
1. 
This cause of action arises under federal statutes and jurisdiction is 
proper under 28 U.S.C. § 1331. 
2. 
Plaintiff files this Complaint under a pseudonym in order to protect 
her identity because this Complaint makes allegations of a sensitive sexual nature 
and disclosure of Plaintiffs name publicly will cause further harm to her. 
3. 
At all times material to the events alleged in this cause of action the 
Plaintiff was a citizen of South Africa residing in New York, New York. 
I 
EFTA00590725
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 2 of 21 
4. 
At all times material to this cause of action Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
had multiple residences, including in New York, New York and the United States 
Virgin Islands. He is currently a citizen of the United States and a resident of New 
York and the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
5. 
At all times material to this cause of action Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
was an adult male born in 1953. 
6. 
At all times material to this cause of action Defendant Ghislaine 
Maxwell was residing in in New York, New York and was a citizen of Great 
Britain and France. 
7. 
At all times material to this cause of action 
was residing 
in New York, New York, and, on information and belief, was a citizen of the 
United States. 
8. 
At all times material to this cause of action Lesley Groff was residing 
in New York, New York and, on information and belief, was a citizen of the 
United States. 
9. 
At all material times, 
was residing in New York, 
New York and, on information and belief, was a citizen of the United States. 
10. 
Including because a substantial part of the events and omissions 
giving rise to this cause of action occurred in the Southern District of New York, 
venue is proper in that District. 28 U.S.C. § 1391(b)(2) 
EFTA00590726
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 3 of 21 
11. 
At all times material to this cause of action, Defendants Jeffrey 
Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell, 
M, 
Lesley Groff, and 
owed a duty to Plaintiff to treat her in a non-negligent manner and not to commit 
or conspire to commit intentional or tortious illegal acts against her. 
FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS 
12. 
At all times material to this cause of action Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
was an adult male over 50 years old. Defendant Epstein is known as a billionaire 
who uses his extraordinary wealth to commit illegal sexual crimes in violation of 
federal and state statutes and to employ numerous others, including the named 
Defendants, to conspire and assist in committing those crimes and additional torts 
as well as to protect and conceal his crimes and torts from being discovered. 
13. 
Defendant Epstein displays his enormous wealth, power and influence 
to his employees; to the victims procured for sexual purposes; and to the public in 
order to advance and carry out his crimes and torts. At all relevant times, 
Defendant Epstein owned and continues to own, directly or through nominee 
individuals used to conceal his interests, a fleet of airplanes, motor vehicles, boats 
and one or more helicopters. He owned and owns numerous properties and homes, 
including a 51,000-square-foot mansion in Manhattan; a $30 Million, 7,500-acre 
ranch in New Mexico; a 70-acre private island formerly known as Little St. James 
in or near St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands; a mansion in London, England; a home 
EFTA00590727
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 4 of 21 
in Paris, France; and a mansion in Palm Beach County, Florida. The allegations 
herein primarily concern the defendant's conduct while at his townhouse in New 
York; on one or more of his private airplanes; and on his private island in the 
United States Virgin Islands. 
14. 
Defendant Epstein has a compulsive sexual preference for young 
females as young as 13 and as "old" as 25. Defendant had sex with young females 
virtually every day and assisted in the development and execution of a sex 
trafficking scheme designed to fulfill his sexual desires. 
15. 
Defendant Maxwell was for decades the highest-ranking employee of 
the Defendants' sex trafficking enterprise. She herself recruited young females; 
oversaw and trained other recruiters on how best to recruit girls for sex; developed 
and executed schemes designed to recruit young females; and ensured that all 
participants of the Defendants' sex trafficking scheme acted in certain specific 
ways in order to advance the purposes of the scheme and conceal it from law 
enforcement. 
16. 
Defendant 
recruited young females and maintained Epstein's 
sex schedule in order to ensure that he was not without the sexual favors of young 
females for any extended period of time. Defendant 
also handled travel 
arrangements for the various females being exploited for sexual purposes. 
EFTA00590728
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 5 of 21 
Defendant 
reported directly up the enterprise's line of authority to 
Defendant Maxwell. 
17. 
Defendant Epstein employed many recruiters of young females. The 
nature of the Defendants' sex trafficking scheme enabled victims themselves, such 
as Defendant 
to elevate their status to that of a paid recruiter of other 
victims. Recruiters were taught by Defendants Epstein and Maxwell to inform 
targeted victims that Epstein possessed extraordinary wealth, power, resources and 
influence; that he was a philanthropist who would help female victims advance 
their careers and lives; and that the recruits needed only to provide Epstein with 
body massages in order to avail themselves of his financial assistance and 
influence. In fact, however, these representations were fraudulent. The vast 
majority of girls were required to perform intimate sexual acts at the Defendants' 
direction and the Defendants did not help or intend to help advance the victims' 
careers. 
18. 
Defendant Groff coordinated schedules between Defendant Epstein 
and the various young females used for sex; made travel arrangements for the girls; 
tended to their living needs; and communicated with them in order to maintain 
their compliance with the rules of behavior imposed upon them by the enterprise. 
19. 
The Defendants, led primarily by Defendants Epstein and Maxwell, 
fulfilled Epstein's compulsive need for sex with young females by preying on their 
EFTA00590729
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 6 of 21 
personal, psychological, financial, and related vulnerabilities. The Defendants' 
tactics included promising the victims money, shelter, transportation, employment, 
admission into educational institutions, educational tuition, and other things of 
value in exchange for sex. 
20. 
Defendants' sex trafficking venture and enterprise operated in a 
hierarchal structure with Defendants Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell at the 
top and underlings below. Underlings included the other named Defendants as 
well as unnamed co-conspirators such as various housekeepers and butlers; an 
airplane pilot; and various employees, assistants and associates. Wittingly and 
unwittingly, such underlings performed their respective roles with the purpose and 
effect of insuring that the enterprise supplied young females to Defendant Epstein 
and others for sexual purposes. At all times materials to this complaint, the 
venture and enterprise was a group of two or more individuals associated in fact 
and deed. 
21. 
Defendants Epstein and Maxwell, with help from assistants, associates 
and underlings, recruited and procured hundreds of girls over the decades of the 
operation of their scheme. Such recruitment and procurement included fraud, 
coercion, the threat of coercion, and a combination of these and similar tactics. 
Following the Defendants' recruitment and procurement of the females to join 
Epstein in New York and the U.S. Virgin Islands, the Defendants used fraudulent 
EFTA00590730
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 7 of 21 
promises, coercion, and threats of coercion in order to entice young females into 
sex and, once sexual activities ensued, to cause them to remain in the enterprise. 
The Defendants also transported females in interstate and foreign commerce and in 
ways that affected interstate and foreign commerce. 
22. 
Defendants 
specifically 
targeted 
underprivileged, 
emotionally 
vulnerable and/or economically disadvantaged young females to join the 
Defendants' enterprise. 
23. 
It is unknown exactly how long Defendant Epstein and Maxwell's 
aforementioned criminal and illegal enterprise operated, although it was at least 
continuously and actively in operation from the mid-1990's through and including 
the calendar year 2007. 
24. 
Defendant Epstein has continued the enterprise and conspiracy up to 
the present time. 
25. 
In 2005, Defendant Epstein and numerous co-conspirators within the 
enterprise were the subjects of a Palm Beach, Florida Police Department criminal 
investigation which revealed that Defendant Epstein had engaged in sexual 
activities with dozens of young teenage children. Each child was lured into 
Defendant Epstein's Palm Beach mansion with a promise that she would receive 
money for providing him with a body massage, although once there, each child 
was made to engage in a sex act in order to receive the promised compensation. 
EFTA00590731
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 8 of 21 
Several were also made to engage in sex with another of Defendant Epstein's 
female sexual traveling companions. 
26. 
In 2006, the Palm Beach Police Department investigation was turned 
over to the FBI and the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of 
Florida. The United States Attorney's Office investigated Defendant Epstein and 
his co-conspirators for their violations of numerous federal statutes, including 18 
U.S.C. §1591, one of the statutory bases for this complaint. 
27. 
The United States Attorney's investigation continued from 2006 
through September 2007, at which time a Non-Prosecution Agreement was signed 
between Jeffrey Epstein and the United States Attorney's Office deferring federal 
prosecution of Defendant Epstein and his numerous co-conspirators for identified 
federal sex crimes against more than 30 minors. 
28. 
From late 2006 through September 2007, Epstein's team of lawyers 
negotiated with the federal government in an effort to avoid the filing of the fifty-
three-page draft indictment of Epstein. During these negotiations, Defendant 
Epstein decamped from Palm Beach to New York and the U.S. Virgin Islands in 
order to convey an image to prosecutors that he and his co-conspirators had 
stopped committing sex crimes. 
29. 
Remarkably, however—as this case will highlight—Defendant 
Epstein and his co-Defendants, including the other defendants named herein, did 
EFTA00590732
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 9 of 21 
not abandon their sex trafficking enterprise even while they were under state and 
federal investigation for crimes committed in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1591, among 
other laws, and even as Defendants and their attorneys were busy arguing Epstein's 
innocence and publicly defaming his victims as liars. Rather, Defendants merely 
changed their style. Instead of targeting local Palm Beach Florida high school 
girls, the Defendants transported young females from other places in the U.S. and 
abroad and brought them to Defendant Epstein's mansion in New York and his 
private island in the Virgin Islands. 
30. 
In June of 2008, Epstein pleaded guilty to Florida state felony sex 
offenses for procuring a minor for prostitution and soliciting prostitution by 
minors. 
31. 
Defendants Epstein and Maxwell developed and implemented a 
sophisticated system designed to insulate them from criminal and civil liability by 
protecting them from potential testimony of knowledgeable subordinates. The 
system included requiring subordinates to sign confidentiality agreements covering 
civil and criminal activity; requiring subordinates and victims to refrain from 
speaking with law enforcement officials; requiring them to notify Defendant 
Epstein's lawyers in the event they (subordinates and victims) were contacted by 
law enforcement officials; requiring them to accept the representation of attorneys 
paid for by Defendant Epstein; requiring them to invoke the Fifth Amendment in 
EFTA00590733
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 10 of 21 
response to questions they might be asked by investigators and prosecutors; 
requiring them to invoke the Fifth Amendment in order to refuse to turn over 
incriminating and non-incriminating evidence to law enforcement officers; 
requiring them to destroy evidence or refuse to reveal knowledge of destroyed 
evidence; and requiring them generally to refuse all cooperation with law 
enforcement officials or investigations. 
32. 
In 2005, Defendant Epstein and other co-conspirators, aware that law 
enforcement officials were preparing imminently to execute a search warrant of his 
home, removed computer systems that logged information about Epstein and his 
co-conspirators' illegal and criminal conduct; the identities of witnesses; nude 
photographs of young females; scheduling books; message pads; tangible items 
such as vibrators and toys; and other incriminating matter. 
33. 
Commencing in approximately October 2006 and continuing through 
April 2007, Defendants recruited Plaintiff into their sexual enterprise by 
fraudulently promising to use their connections and resources to secure her 
admission to an institution of higher education at the expense of Defendant 
Epstein. 
34. 
Defendant 
was working as one of the enterprise's recruiters 
of young females when she approached and recruited Plaintiff. 
EFTA00590734
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 11 of 21 
35. 
Defendant 
informed Plaintiff that she would introduce 
Plaintiff to Defendant Epstein, whom she described as a wealthy philanthropist 
who regularly used his wealth, influence and connections to help financially poor 
females like Plaintiff achieve their personal and professional goals and aspirations. 
36. 
Defendant 
reported to her superiors, Defendants M, 
Groff and Maxwell, and was paid for her recruitment of young females, including 
the recruitment of Plaintiff. 
37. 
Defendant 
introduced Plaintiff to Defendant Epstein, who 
confirmed to Plaintiff that he would use his wealth and influence to have Plaintiff 
admitted into The Fashion Institute of Technology, known as "F.I.T.", in New 
York City, or into a similar institute of higher learning offering a curriculum of 
fashion industry training. Defendants Maxwell, 
and Groff each confirmed 
this promise to Plaintiff many times. 
38. 
Defendant Maxwell told Plaintiff she would need to provide 
Defendant Epstein with body massages in order to reap the benefits of his and 
Maxwell's connections. Maxwell and Epstein also threatened Plaintiff that, while 
they had the ability to advance her education and career, they also had the ability to 
make sure that she would obtain no formal education or modeling agency contracts 
if she failed to provide the sexual favors desired by Defendant Epstein or abide by 
the instructions given her by Defendants Epstein and Maxwell. 
EFTA00590735
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 12 of 21 
39. 
Plaintiff reasonably believed that her compliance with Defendants' 
demands was crucial to her physical, psychological, financial, and reputational 
survival. 
40. 
Defendant Maxwell instructed Plaintiff how to massage Epstein using 
the techniques that he preferred. During Plaintiff's first massage, Defendant 
Epstein converted it into a sexual act and made it known to Plaintiff that further 
sex would be required in order for her to obtain the assistance he promised and to 
avoid Defendants' threatened retaliation if Plaintiff did not perform as demanded. 
41. 
Defendants Maxwell and Epstein informed Plaintiff that other young 
females in Defendant Epstein's company were there not only to provide massages, 
but also sexual acts. 
42. 
Plaintiff was instructed dozens of times to provide body massages to 
Defendant Epstein, both at his townhouse in New York and on his private island in 
the U.S. Virgin Islands. Each time she was so instructed she was also required to 
perform a sexual act with Defendant Epstein. The Defendants transported Plaintiff 
in interstate and foreign commerce, and affecting interstate and foreign commerce, 
for these sexual purposes. 
43. 
During many sexual encounters, Defendant Epstein gave Plaintiff no 
option, opportunity or choice not to participate in the prescribed sexual acts. 
EFTA00590736
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 13 of 21 
44. 
Defendant Maxwell frequently controlled the assignment, or 
"rotation," of Plaintiff and the other young females concerning the time, place and 
manner of the sex acts they were told to provide to Defendant Epstein. Defendants 
Maxwell and Epstein also required Plaintiff to engage in sex acts with other 
females. 
45. 
Defendants Epstein and Maxwell intimidated, threatened, humiliated 
and verbally abused Plaintiff in order to coerce her into sexual compliance. These 
Defendants threatened Plaintiff with serious harm, as well as serious 
psychological, financial, and reputational harm, with the purpose and effect of 
compelling Plaintiff to perform and continue performing the demanded 
commercial sexual activity. 
46. 
On one occasion, after suffering verbal abuse and threats by 
Defendants Epstein, Maxwell, and M, 
Plaintiff attempted to escape from 
Defendant Epstein's private island. 
A search party led by Defendant Epstein 
located her and physically returned her to the main house on the island. Through 
these and other actions, the Defendants intended to cause, and did cause, Plaintiff 
to believe that failure to perform the actions they requested would result in 
physical restraint and potential harm to her person, as well as harm to her 
reputation, employability, and stable state of mind. 
EFTA00590737
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 14 of 21 
47. 
Defendant Epstein's wealth, influence, power and connections were 
used both as an inducement to provide sex (in exchange for promises of support), 
and as a means of threatening punishment (should Plaintiff refuse to comply with 
Defendants' instructions). 
48. 
In addition to Plaintiff's being trafficked on Defendant Epstein's 
private plane, Defendants Groff, Maxwell and 
with the knowledge of and 
instruction by Defendant Epstein, arranged Plaintiffs commercial air travel on 
numerous occasions for the purpose of causing Plaintiff to commit commercial sex 
acts. 
49. 
Defendants provided living quarters for Plaintiff at 301 East 66 Street, 
New York; a car service for Plaintiff to use as needed; a cell phone; and other 
valuable consideration in order to maintain Plaintiffs sexual compliance. 
50. 
The relationship between Plaintiff and Defendants Epstein and 
Maxwell was defined and characterized by Defendant Epstein's and Defendant 
Maxwell's frequent and persistent fraudulent representations that they would 
provide Plaintiff with a formal education and career advancement if she provided 
sex to Defendant Epstein and others in the times, places and manners demanded by 
Defendants. Plaintiff reasonably relied on those representations. In fact, however, 
those representations were knowingly false, were not acted upon, and were made 
by Defendants Epstein and Maxwell solely for the purpose of maintaining 
EFTA00590738
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 15 of 21 
Plaintiffs financial dependence on, emotional vulnerability to, and sexual 
compliance with Defendants Epstein and Maxwell and their demands. The other 
Defendants intentionally repeated those representations and intentionally attempted 
to convince Plaintiff that the representations were true and could be relied upon. 
51. 
In January 2007, Defendants sent Plaintiff from the United States to 
South Africa in part to recruit, for a promised fee, one or more aspiring female 
models supposedly for Defendant Epstein to use as an alleged personal assistant. 
Defendants Epstein and Maxwell continuously and frequently demanded that 
Plaintiff fulfill this task as a condition of her receiving the education, career and 
related benefits promised by Defendants Epstein and Maxwell. 
Based upon 
Plaintiffs experience with Defendants, however, she did not believe that the 
requested model would be placed in a legitimate position of employment with 
Defendant Epstein but would, instead, be forced into sexual servitude. As a result, 
Plaintiff deliberately refused to perform the recruitment assignment. 
52. 
As part of their ongoing scheme, Defendants inflicted serious 
emotional and psychological harm on Plaintiff as a means of coercing her to 
continue engaging in commercial sex acts. While Plaintiff was in South Africa, 
Defendants Epstein and Maxwell informed Plaintiff that she would not be 
permitted to return to the United States to receive her promised education unless 
she underwent a diet and lowered her body weight from 57 kilograms 
EFTA00590739
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 16 of 21 
(approximately 125 pounds) to 52 kilograms (approximately 114 pounds). 
Believing she had no practical choice in the matter, Plaintiff attempted to comply 
with the order but, given her physical height and structure and her existing low 
body weight, the diet imposed upon her placed her in serious physical jeopardy, 
including kidney malfunction and extreme emotional and psychological distress. 
53. 
Defendants Epstein and Maxwell called Plaintiffs parents in South 
Africa to tell them that Defendants would take good care of Plaintiff when she 
returned to the United States and that they would use their connections and 
influence to have her admitted to F.I.T. or another well-regarded fashion school. 
54. 
In February of 2007, Plaintiff returned to New York and was promptly 
ordered by Defendant Maxwell to have sex with Defendant Epstein. Defendants 
Maxwell and Epstein fraudulently promised her again that her sexual compliance 
would be rewarded with admission to F.I.T. or a comparable college, a promise 
which they knew to be false. Plaintiff knew that if she did not comply, Defendants 
Maxwell and Epstein would use their power, influence and connections in order to 
ensure that Plaintiff was unable to gain admission to F.I.T. or a comparable school, 
and that they would destroy her career as they had destroyed the careers of others 
who had failed to comply. 
55. 
Defendants Epstein and Maxwell continued to provide Plaintiff with 
things of value in exchange for Plaintiffs continued compliance with Epstein's 
EFTA00590740
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 17 of 21 
sexual demands; however, they failed and refused to perform their promises to help 
Plaintiff be admitted to F.I.T. or another school, or to provide financial support for 
college admission or on-going education, false promises they repeatedly made in 
order to coerce her into commercial sex acts. 
56. 
Defendants Epstein and Maxwell's sexual demands on Plaintiff 
continued while she was in New York or other geographic proximity to the 
Defendants. In addition to their requiring Plaintiff to provide Defendant Epstein 
with sex acts, Defendants continued to pressure her to lose excessive amounts of 
body weight and offered her no opportunity to decline or resist their instructions. 
57. 
In May, 2007, Plaintiff left the United States and did not return. 
58. 
Defendants' representations and promises were all false and 
fraudulent. Their threats were considered by Plaintiff to be real and credible. All 
such representations, promises and threats were made solely for the purpose of 
coercing and otherwise inducing Plaintiff into prolonged sexual compliance. 
Defendants knowingly benefitted financially and received things of value as a 
result of their participating in their illegal enterprise. 
COUNT I 
CAUSE OF ACTION AGAINST DEFENDANTS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 
1595 
59. 
Plaintiff adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 58 above. 
EFTA00590741
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 18 of 21 
60. 
Defendants individually and together, within the special maritime and 
territorial jurisdiction of the United States, in interstate and foreign commerce 
and/or affecting interstate and foreign commerce, knowingly recruited, enticed, 
harbored, transported, provided, maintained, patronized, solicited, threatened, 
forced, and coerced Plaintiff to engage in commercial sex acts. Such actions by 
Defendants were undertaken with knowledge and/or reckless disregard of the fact 
that their threats of force, fraud, coercion, and combinations of such means would 
be used, and were in fact used, in order to cause Plaintiff to engage in commercial 
sex acts. In so doing, Defendants violated 18 U.S.C. §§1591 through 1594 and are 
subject to civil causes of action under 18 U.S.C. § 1595. 
61. 
Defendants additionally profited from the sex trafficking of Plaintiff; 
obstructed investigations of the violations; attempted and conspired to violate, and 
succeeded in violating, 18 U.S.C. §§ 1591 through 1595, by the commission of the 
torts and crimes described in this complaint. 
62. 
Certain property of Defendant Epstein's was essential to the 
commission of the federal crimes and torts described herein, including the use of 
multiple private aircraft including a Boeing aircraft (of make and model B-727-
31H with tail number N908JE) and a Gulfstream aircraft (of make and model G-
1159B with tail number N909JE). Such aircraft, along with other of Defendants' 
EFTA00590742
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 19 of 21 
property, were used as means and instruments of Defendants' tortious and criminal 
offenses and, as such, are subject to forfeiture. 
63. 
Additionally, Defendant Epstein's New York mansion, located at 9 
East 71st street, New York, New York, and his private island located in the United 
States Virgin Islands, were used as means and instruments of Defendants' tortious 
and criminal offenses and, as such, are subject to forfeiture. 
64. 
As a direct and proximate result of Defendants' commission of the 
aforementioned criminal offenses enumerated in Title 18 U.S.C. § 1591 et. seq. 
and the civil remedies provided in § 1595, Plaintiff has in the past suffered and will 
continue to suffer injury and pain; emotional distress; psychological and psychi-
atric trauma; mental anguish; humiliation; confusion; embarrassment; loss of self-
esteem; loss of dignity; loss of enjoyment of life; invasion of privacy; and other 
damages associated with Defendants' actions. Plaintiff will incur medical and 
psychological expenses. These injuries are permanent in nature and Plaintiff will 
continue to suffer from them in the future. In addition to these losses, Plaintiff has 
incurred attorneys' fees and will do so in the future. 
EFTA00590743
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 20 of 21 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment against Defendants for 
compensatory damages, attorney's fees, punitive damages and such other and 
further relief as this Court deems just and proper. Plaintiff hereby demands trial by 
jury on all issues triable as of right by a jury. 
Dated: January 26, 2017 
Respectfully Submitted, 
BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP 
By: /s/ David Boies 
David Boies 
Boies Schiller & Flexner LLP 
333 Main Street 
Armonk, New York 10504 
T: 
E: 
Alex Boies 
Boies Schiller & Flexner LLP 
575 Lexington Ave., 76 Fl. 
New York, New York 10022 
T: 
E:
Sigrid McCawley 
Meredith Schultz 
Boies Schiller & Flexner LLP 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Ste. 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
T: 
E: 
E: 
Pro Hoc Vice to be filed 
EFTA00590744
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 1:17-cv-00616 Document 1 Filed 01/26/17 Page 21 of 21 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Fanner, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, 
Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Ave., Ste. 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
T: 
E: 
Pro Hoc Vice to be filed 
J. Stanley Pottinger 
J. Stanley Pottinger PLLC 
Suite 100 
Twin Lakes Road 
South Salem, New York 10590 
T: 
E: 
EFTA00590745

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590746.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590746.pdf
----------------------------------------
A. Settlement Statement 
us. Department of Housing 
AINia 
and Urban Development 
, r
OMB Approval No. 2502-0265 
B. Type of Loan 
In FHA 2. rl FmHA 3. NI Cony. Unins. 
4.0 VA 
5.0 Cony. Ins. 
6. File Number 
CERGE-97SMITHBY 
7. Loan Number 
8. Mortgage Insurance Case Number 
C. NOTE: This form is furnished to give you a statement of actual settlement costs. Amounts paid to and by the -ettlement agent are shown. 
Items marked "(p.o.e.)" were paid outside t we closing: they are shown here for informational purposes and are not included in the totals. 
D. NAME OF BORROWER: 
Ann M. Rodriquez 
ADDRESS OF BORROWER: 6014 Estate Smith Bay, St Thomas, VI 00802 
E. NAME OF SELLER: 
Inger Cerge and Shandra M. Brown and Caeli A. William and Derrick Edmund Cerge 
ADDRESS OF SELLER: 
P.O. Box 2594, St Thomas, VI 00803 
F. NAME OF LENDER: 
ADDRESS OF LENDER: 
G. PROPERTY 
Parcel No. 97 Estate Smith Bay 
LOCATION: 
St Thomas, VI 00802 
H. SETTLEMENT AGENT: 
BIRCH DE JONGH & HINDELS,PLLC 
1330 ESTATE TAARNEBJERG, ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 (340) 774-1100 
PLACE OF SETTLEMENT: 
1330 ESTATE TAARNEBJERG, ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 
I. SETTLEMENT DATE: 
. ' 
K. SUMMARY Ob SELLER'S I KANSAC !ION 
100. GROSS AMOUNT DUE FROM BORROWER 
4(X) (ROM. AMOUNI DUI: TO SELLER 
101 Contract sales price 
300 000 00 401 Contract sales price 
300 000 00 
102. Personal property 
402. Personal property 
103. Settlement charges to borrower (line 14001 
3,456.00 403. 
104. 
404. 
105. 
Adjustments for items paid by seller in advance 
Adjustments for items paid by seller in advance 
106. City/town taxes 
to 
406. City/town taxes 
to 
107. County taxes 
to 
407. County taxes 
to 
108. Assessments 
to 
408. Assessments 
to 
109. 
to 
409. 
to 
110 
to 
410. 
to 
III 
to 
411. 
to 
II/ 
to 
412 
to 
120. GROSS AMOUNT DUE FROM BORROWER 
303,456.00 420. GROSS AMOUNT DUE TO SELLER 
300,000.00 
200. AMOUNTS PAID BY OR IN BEHALF OF BORROWER 
500. REDUCTIONS IN AMOUNT' DUE TO WI I Rt. 
201. Deposit or earnest money 
000.00 501. Excess -. .. it see instructions 
(X10.00 
202. Principal amount of new loan(s) 
I 
I I 
474 00 
203 Existing 'califs) taken subiect to 
204 
205 
206 Principal amount of seller financing 
207. 
000 00 
208. 
209. 
209a 
20% 
Adjustments for items unpaid by seller 
210. City/town taxes 
to 
211. County taxes 
to 
212. Assessments 
to 
213.2017 Prop Taxes 
1/1t2017 to 
2/10/2017 
199.47 
199.47 
214._ 
to 
215. 
to 
216_ 
to 
217. 
to 
218 
to 
to
3E. 
' 
LOCAL AMOUN IS PAID 
BY OR IN BEHALF OF BORROWER 
30,199.47
Ir 1 4 n1 1 
AMOUNT DUE SELLER 
37,673.47 
300. CASH AT SETTLEMENT FROM) TO BORROWER 
6(X) CASH AT SETTLE.SIENT TO/FROM SELLER 
30I. Gross amount due from borrower (line I 0) 
303 456 00 601. Gross amount due to seller nine 420) 
30D 000 00 
Levis amounts oaid by/for borrower (line /01 
199 47 607 Less reductions in amount due seller (line 20) 
673 47 
303. CASH ) From O To BORROWER 
In. 
273,256.53 603. CASH 
Ng To 
O From 
SELLER pip 
262,326.53 
PAGE I 
01061Dithq Spas. be. (SO) ][14555-I— Ciativlad 
HUD-I (346) RESPA. HB 4305.2 
EFTA00590746
--- PAGE 2 ---
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT 
SETTLEMENT STATEMENT 
PAGE 2 
L. Settlement Charges 
700 TOTAL SALES/BROKER'S COM based on puce 
300 000 00 @ 
6.00 % — 
18000 00 
Paid From 
Borrower's 
Rinds At 
Settlement 
Paid From 
Seller's 
Rinds At 
Settlement 
Division of Commission (line 700) as follows.
701 
00000 
to SeaGlassProperiire 
702 
to 
703. Commission_paid at Setdement 
(18000 OILJ8000.00
.00) 
to 
M. Items Payable in Connection With Loan 
SO I 
I ou Origination Fee 
% 
to 
802 Loan Discount 
% 
to 
joi_Ap .raisa I Fee 
IQ 
804 Credit Re ort 
to 
805 Lendgr's Insnection Fee 
to 
Fee 
to 
_806_Mortgageinsurance_Applirotion 
It07 
808 
to 
809 
to 
810 
to 
to 
_811 
to 
_812_ 
813 
to 
814 
to 
o 
Items Required By Lender To Be Paid In Advance 
901 Interest from 
2/10/2017 
to 
vinoi7 
(I 
/day 
902. Mortgage Insurance Premium for 
months to 
903 Hazard Insurance Premium for 
ytnrs 
to 
904 
ytnrs 
to 
years 
to 
alll. Reserves Deposited With Lender 
1001. Hazard insurance 
months@ 
per month 
1007 Mortgage insurance 
months@ 
per month 
1003 City property taxes 
months@ 
per month 
1004. County
 taxes 
months® 
per month 
nA
nual
emments 
months® 
per month 
1006. 
months@ 
per month 
1007 
months@ 
per month 
1008. 
months@ 
per month 
I I $ _ 
I i 'Dile Charm 
1101. Settlement or closing fee 
to 
1102 
bstrict or title search 
to 
I101 Title. examination 
to 
1104 Title insurance_binder 
to
1105 Document preparation 
to 
1106.  Notary fees 
to 
1107 Attornityslees 
to Birch de Iongh & Hindels.Y1-Le 
445.00 
(includes above items numbers. 
1108 Title insurance 
to West Indies Title 
I 1 I" 
(includes
ncludes abo .e 1ems numbers• 
1109. Lender's Coverage: 
INS AMT.
Mt 
1110 Owner's Coverage. 
INS AMT. 3001/00.00
III0s 
1111 
to 
1112. 
to 
1113. 
to 
Government Recordina an 
er 
rues 
■41Ineliirlot• 
lora' Pf)A 
MI 
1201. Recording Feer Deed 5316 .00; L-Mortgagets) • S-Mortgage(s) 
• Releases 
316.00 
29.00 
1202._Citylemmly.tax/slamx:DeedWortgage(c) 
P03 Spae mitklompv famed S6 00.0_00;,..L,Mortgage(44Sadungagea) 
000 00 
1204. 
303. Additional Settlement Charges 
13.01-Buyer:s_Atty_Fees/Cosis 
to Kellchals Ferguson Kmhlin PT T C 
2.265 (XI 
1102 Hurl- Curve)/ - As Ruilt 
to Marvin Ftemin • fer Associates 
1303. 
to 
13.0/1 
to 
1305 
to 
1306 
to 
1307 
to 
1308. 
to 
1309. 
to 
1400. Total Settlement Charges 
(enter on lines 103. Section 1 and 502. SectionK) 
3,456.00 
7,474.00 
D 
: 
I have carefully reviewed the HUD - I Settlement Statement and to the best ot my knowledge and belief. it is a true and accurate statement of all rem ts and-/10/2017 
disbursements made on my account or by me in this transaction. I flintier certify that I have received a copy of the HUD - I Settlement Statement. 
Mn M. Rodriquez 
Borrower 
Borrower 
The MUD-I Settlement Statement which I have prepared is a true and accurate account of this transaction. I have caused the funds to be disbursed in accord-
ance with this statement. 
BIRCH. DE JONGH & HINDELS. PLLC 
Seller 
Seller 
** 
 gaol pent 
WARNING; It is a crime to knowindynake_falicstatements to 
or any 
2/10/2017  Date 
other similar farm. Penalties upon conviction can include a 
tine and imprisonment. For details see:"-Ti lle IS LLS. Code &.ction lit] and 'moon 10010. 
CERGE-97SNIITHBY 
EFTA00590747
--- PAGE 3 ---
BALANCE SHEET 
BUYER: Ann M. Rodriquez 
FILE NUMBER: CERGE-97SMITHB1 
SELLER: Inger Cerge and Shandra M. Brown and Caeli A. William and Derrick Edmund 
SETTLEMENT DATE: 
211Of7017 
Cerge 
PROPERTY ADDRESS: 
Parcel No. 97 Estate Smith Bay 
St Thomas. VI 00802 
SCHEDULE OF INCOMING FUNDS 
Due From Buyer 
TOTAL INCOMING 
$ 
273256.53 
FUNDS 
273,256.53 
SCHEDULE OF DISBURSEMENTS 
CK NO 
PAYEE 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
Kellehals Ferguson Kroblin PLLC Buyer's Ally Fees/Costs 
2265.00 
875.00 
316.00 
6,000.00> 
29.00 
6345.00 
I .445.00 
262.326.53 
FUNDS 
273,256.53 
West Indies Title, LLC 
Premium 
Government of the VI 
Record Deed 
Deed Documentary Stamps 
Sellers' POA 
___ 
Birch. de Jongh & Hindels. PLLC Attorneys Fees 
Inger Cerge and Shandra M. Brown and Cae 
SALES PROCEEDS 
TOTAL OUTGOING 
LOAN SUMMARY 
SELLER CLOSING STATEMENT SUMMARY 
WAN AMOUNT 
Less Items Held By 
Lender 
SUBTOTAL 
Plus Deposits Paid To 
Lender 
AMT DEP BROKER RETAINED 
AMT DEP LEFT IN ESCROWS 
PLUS BAL DUE SELLER 
maintoo 
SUBTOTAL 
300,000.00 
LESS SELLER EXPENSES 
37.67147 
NET CASH TO SELLER 
262,326.53 
PLUS HUD 401.404 & 405 
NET LOAN PROCEEDS 
TOTAL DUE TO SELLER 
262,326.53 
ITEMS IN CONNECTION WITH LOAN THAT 
LENDER REQUIRES TO BE DISBURSED 
FROM NET LOAN PROCEEDS 
BUYER CLOSING STATEMENT SUMMARY / CASH RECAP 
BUYER EXPENSES 
303,456.00 
LESS BUYER CREDITS 
30.199.47 
TRANSACTION SUMMARY 
NET DUE FROM BUYER 
273,256.53 
LESS LOAN &ADP. CREDITS 
SUBTOTAL 
273,256.53 
PLUS LOAN EXPENSES TO BE 
PAID FROM NET PROCEEDS 
I DIAL INCOMING FUNDS 
273,256.53 
I DIAL OUTGOING FUNDS 
273,256.53 
BALANCE IN ESCROW 
.00 
FUNDS DUE FROM BUYER 
273,256.53 
EFTA00590748

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590749.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590749.pdf
----------------------------------------
BOI
ES 
SCHI
LLER 
t 
FLEXNER 
LLP 
401 EAST LAS OLAS BOULEVARD • SUITE 1200 • FORT LAUDERDALE. FL 33301 22 • PH 954 $1 5 6
 MC C•
 • FA X, t 254 356 0022 
rid 
C
sci. 
snictawIevAThstlin.com 
January 30, 2017 
Confidential Sealed Filing 
VIA EMAIL & FACSIMILE: 
Honorable Judge Robert W. Sweet 
District Court Judge 
United States District Court 
500 Pearl Street 
New York, NY 10007 
SweetNYSDChambersQnysd.uscourts.gov 
Re: 
v. Maxwell, 
Case No.: 15-cv-07433-RWS 
Dear Judge Sweet, 
This is a reply letter in support of Ms. 
letter motion to allow for the newly-
discovered witness, I
 to be called as a witness at trial because she can testify 
about Defendant's involvement in Epstein's sex trafficking ring based on first-hand experiences 
and first-hand observations. 
Defendant Violated Rule 26 By Failing To Disclose This Critical Witness 
Defendant argues that Ms. 
is somehow to blame for the fact tha 
is only now being discussed as a witness in this case. But Ms. 
only recently learned 
about this witness because Defendant failed to properly disclose her months earlier. In her 
response, Defendant does not address the fact that Ms. 
and Ms. Maxwell know each 
other. Indeed, Defendant does not address the fact that 
and she s nt time together 
on Mr. Epstein's private island, as reflected in the flight logs showing 
flying to 
and from the island (where Ms. Maxwell was present): 
_-i—g_ 
i t le12.;?-apz" lisstx91`4"ri V). De _AU)/ 4 ' 
_  
-]21_ 1•z'  
---i--
.rav\ tit 
lb IGAISMO 
NMOcl•Tal 
6 -WC 
11-ST  
I 
 Mn 
UM 
t'
‘  
1-its—Ad 
aiti_a_j_..111 
all 
I' 
"  
Cr
e . 
MT 
f 
ilea) 
€2.1 i 
I''  
" 
(3Bi 
L Sf 
 ..”22.; 
giNTh -1 ri -Ii II Ow% : Tr-s-r e--valt 
Ito)? 
Iretry tnn fl  skoriale Ma by kiemtlft brim cmo law. 
G<japeto Loccutez 
G4StiALO 14“conT 
4/ 
I
_4+ 
ca 
• 
wwW.EiSFLLP Com 
EFTA00590749
--- PAGE 2 ---
BOIES. $CHILLER 
& FLEXNER 
LLP 
Honorable Judge Robert Sweet 
United States District Court 
Page -2-
Confidential Sealed Filing 
As reflected in the above flight log, on December 10, 2006 (Flight #19 
Lew from EWR (Newark, NJ) to TIST (USVI) with Jeffrey E stcin, 
On December 14, 2006 (Flight #1920), 
flew from TIST 
(USVI to
 (Newark, NJ) with Jeffrey Epstein and 
. See 
07139. 
Ms. 
was also flown commercially to Jeffrey Epstein's Island several times. 
Defendant was obligated under Rule 26 to includ 
in her Rule 26 
disclosures: Defendant knows that 
is an "individual likely to have discoverable 
information." Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(a)(A)(i). As 
will testify, Defendant was on the 
island with her and interacted with her on a regular basis. Defendant's refusal to disclose her is 
not only (yet another) discovery violation, but also a part of the secrecy that Defendant and 
Epstein strove to maintain surrounding their sex trafficking ring. Defendant should not be 
allowed to participate in a sex trafficking rin conceal the witnesses (and victims) of that ring, 
and then proclaim "surprise" when Ms. 
succeeds in locating one of the victims. Simply 
put, she should not be allowed to benefit from her obvious failure to properly disclose= 
Testimony is Not Cumulative And Has Highly Relevant Evidence 
Defendant also advances the remarkable argument that it is "unlikely" that Ms. 
will have relevant information. Yet 
witnessed — first hand — Defendant's 
involvement in sex trafficking with Jeffrey Epstein. Nor will her testimony be cumulative. First, 
at the heart of this case is Defendant's sworn testimony that she was not involved in sex 
trafficking with Epstein. an 
directly refute Defendant's sworn testimony under 
oath in numerous ways. 
...theprimary pu 
se of those visits was to have me have sexual relations with Jeffrey, 
and various other girls and guests brought to the island...During one 
of my first visits to the island I met Ghislaine Maxwell. Watching her interact with the 
other girls on the island, it became clear to me that she recruited all or many of them to 
the island. Once they were there, she appeared to be in charge of their activities, 
including what they did, who they did it with, and how they were supposed to stay in line. 
She assumed the same supervisory role with me as soon as I arrived. Some of the girls 
appeared to be 18 or older but many appeared to be young teenagers. 
Exhibit A, Affidavit of 
. In addition, Defendant has made known her plan to put 
forth Alan Dershowitz as a witness at trial to testify that Ms. 
is lykgisnd that he never 
had sex with her or anyone else provided by Jeffrey Epstein. While Ms. 
contends that 
Dershowitz's testimortot relevant to this case concerning Defendant, in the event that the 
Court disagrees, Ms. 
directly contradicts this testimony because, as part of her 
EFTA00590750
--- PAGE 3 ---
SOIES. 
SCHILLER 
& FLEXNER 
LLP 
Honorable Judge Robert Sweet 
United States District Court 
Page -3-
Confidential Sealed Filing 
involvement in the sex trafficking ring, like Ms. =, 
Ms. 
was also required to 
engage in sexual acts with Jeffrey Epstein and Alan Dershowitz. 
In addition to spending time with Jeffrey on his island, I spent time with him in New 
York City... Among the people he lent me to was his friend Alan Dershowitz. On one 
occasion I was in a bedroom at Jeffrey's New York townhouse with Jeffrey and 
After a short time, Alan Dershowitz entered the room after which Jeffrey 
left the room and 
and I had sex with Dershowitz... 
See Exhibit A. Affidavit of 
The testimony of Ms. 
goes to the heart of 
this defamation claim— whether or not Ms. 
was truthful in her claims about Defendant's 
involvement in Epstein's sex trafficking ring, and the Court should allow the jury to hear her. 
Ms.
a
Has Diligently Participated In Discovery And Promptly Disclosed Ms. 
After Conducting Due Diligence 
Defendant also insinuates that Ms. 
has delayed in disclosing Ms. 
But 
as the Court is well aware, Ms. 
has previously diligently disclosed close to 100 
individuals who may have relevant information in her Rule 26 disclosures. By contrast, 
Defendant's Rule 26 disclosures never listed Ms. 
as a witness, despite the fact that 
Defendant was in her company on several occasions including on Epstein's island, where Ms. 
was one of several girls being sexually trafficked for Epstein upon the direction and 
insistence of Defendant. After being contacted by Ms. 
, counsel for Ms. 
properly conducted a dueSesce investigation into whether the information she provided had 
merit. Specifically, Ms. 
counsel undertook the expense to fly to Europe to meet in 
person with this newly disclosed witness on January 4, 2017, returning on January 6, 2017, to 
fully evaluate her credibility. Upon evaluating the witness and upon the witness confirming that 
she was willing to sign an affidavit under oath regarding her testimony, Ms. 
arranged to 
have a sworn affidavit executed at the U.S. Embassy in the country where Ms. 
resides. 
Ms. 
then issued revised Rule 26 disclosures on January 13, 2017 and informed 
Defendant that she would produce Ms. 
for a deposition as a newly-disclosed witness 
immediately so as to avoid any prejudice or delay in the March 13, 2017 trial date. In short, Ms. 
acted promptly and reasonably after being contacted by this victim of Epstein's and 
Defendant's sex trafficking ring. 
Defendant Will Not Be Prejudiced Because Ms. 
is Readily Available for 
Deposition 
EFTA00590751
--- PAGE 4 ---
BOIES, 
SCHILLER 
& 
FLEXNER 
LLP 
Honorable Judge Robert Sweet 
United States District Court 
Page -4-
Confidential Sealed Filing 
Defendant's argument about her alleged burden from allowing this one additional witness 
also rings hollow.' Defendant complains about her alleged lack of resources, but as this Court is 
aware, Defendant is a wealthy socialite (who recently sold her New York Townhome for S15 
million dollars) who has heavily litigated this case in ways that were completely unnecessary. 2
Moreover, deposition discovery is still ongoing in this case. Ms. 
sat for her 
deposition last week (wherein she invoked the Fifth Amendment when asked about Defendant's 
involvement in Epstein's sex trafficking ring) along with Ms. 
who was recently 
deposed on January 17, 2017. Due to Defendant's unwillingness to produce her agent, Ross 
Gow for deposition, Ms. 
did not get to depose him until November 18, 2017 at which 
time he produced never-before-seen documents that are critical to this case. Defendant has yet to 
sit for her follow-up deposition that was directed by the Court but for which Defendant filed a 
"Motion for Reconsideration" on November 16, 2016, which is still pending. Needless to say, 
while the official discovery deadline has closed, certain depositions have been taken more 
recent) due to issues with witness cosation. Of course, if Defendant does not desire to take 
Ms. 
deposition, then Ms. 
is content simply calling her at trial. But Defendant 
will hardly be prejudiced by allowing a witness to testify who is available for deposition. 
'Defendant ar ues that because Jane Doe 43 (who for purposes of this sealed filing we 
can identify as Ms. 
has recently filed a complaint against multiple defendants for 
violations of sex trafficking laws that Defendant should get to reopen discovery and further 
investigate everyone named as a Defendant. Notably, these are all individuals that were part of 
the sexual trafficking ring that Defendant was a party to and she has known about them and 
interacted with them for years. Ms. 
claim had to be filed swiftly because her statute 
of limitations was continuing to run and the details of her allegations only recent' 
ccame 
known to counsel. In any event, the questions that need to be asked of Ms. 
are simply 
and straightforward: Was Defendant involved in Epstein's sex trafficking ring? That question 
has been at the heart of this case for many months and exploring it does not raise any new issues. 
For example, Defendant litigated over the production of facially non-privileged 
documents; Defendant filed no fewer than three frivolous sanctions motions; Defendant filed 
Dauber! challenges to all six of Ms. 
expert witnesses; and Defendant has filed 
discomotions without even conferring with Ms. 
in advance, includin one for which 
Ms. 
did not oppose the relief sought (Defendant's motion to reopen Ms. 
deposition). Further, Defendant aently had the resources to file approximately 100 pages of 
single-spaced objections to Ms. 
deposition designations, an unorthodox volume that 
stands out not simply because this is a one-count defamation claim, but because she objects to 
the same type of testimony that she has designated for admission. 
EFTA00590752
--- PAGE 5 ---
BOIES. 
SCHILLER 
& FLEXNER 
LLP 
Honorable Judge Robert Sweet 
United States District Court 
Page -5-
Confidential Sealed Filing 
The Case Law Supports Allowing Ms. 
As A Trial Witness 
Ms. 
has offered Defendant, subject to this Court's approval, the opportunity to 
take Ms. 
deposition. And, as this Court has already explained, taking the deposition 
of a newly-discovered witness cures any prejudice: "[t]his and other courts have adopted the 
taking of depositions as an appropriate mechanism to address late-disclosed witnesses." MB/A 
Ins. Corp. v. Patriarch Partners VIII, LLC, 201 WL 2568972, at *14-15 (S.D.N.Y. Sept. 29, 
2003) (concluding that plaintiff should be given the opportunity to depose a late-identified 
witness). 
The cases that Defendant cites are all vastly different from the case before this Court and 
are easily distinguishable. In Gray v. Town of Darien, 927 F.2d 69 (2d Cir.1991), the court 
denied the motion to reopen discovery and granted summary judgment because the plaintiff 
failed to seek any discovery during the six-month discovery period set forth by the court. In 
stark contrast, Ms. 
has actively engaged in discovery. The fact that this witness had 
critical information as a victim of Epstein and Defendant's sex trafficking ring could not have 
been known by Ms. 
until the witness contacted Ms. 
lawyers. In Trebor 
Sportswear Co., Inc. v. The Limited Stores, Inc., 865 F.2d 506 (2d Cir. 1989), a case involving a 
statute of frauds issue, the court would not let the parties re-open discovery because there was no 
reason to believe that they would find a missing written agreement. Here, Ms. 
has found 
a witness who has will provide to the jury critical information about Defendant's involvement in 
sex trafficking that directly contradicts Defendant's sworn testimony. In Smith v. United States, 
834 F.2d 166 (10th Cir. 1987), the plaintiff made his request for a new witness on the morning of 
trial, having had eight months to conduct depositions. Additionally, the Tenth Circuit found that 
the new witness would not even be relevant to the narrow issue being addressed at trial. Id. at 
169. In contrast, Ms. 
has provided Defendant ample time to conduct discovery on Ms. 
I
, a witness who has vital evidence on the central issues in this case. In Vineberg v. 
Bissonnette, 548 F.3d 50, 55 (1st Cir. 2008), the First Circuit found that the defendant failed to 
point to any "relevant leads" that she mi 
t have obtained had the court reopened discovery. 
Here, it is patently obvious that Ms. 
holds a wealth of valuable information and is, as 
Defendant herself admits, a significant witness. Finally, in .leannite v. City of N.Y. Dept, of 
Buildings, 2010 WL 2542050, at 4'2 (S.D.N.Y. June 21, 2010), plaintiff waited until the very end 
of discovery to make the request and had not sent any document requests or sought to depose any 
h
aving 
which is in contrast to Ms. 
having actively partici ated
.
in 
Furthermore, there was no way for Ms. 
to know that Ms. 
had such critical 
information until she called us because Defendant never disclosed her. Accordingly, Defendant 
fails to accurately support her claims with any relevant case law. 
Conclusion 
EFTA00590753
--- PAGE 6 ---
SOIES, 
SCHILLER 
& 
FLEXNER 
LLP 
Honorable Judge Robert Sweet 
United States District Court 
Page -6-
Confidential Sealed Filing 
For the foregoing reasons, this Court should allow Ms. 
to include Ms. 
as a witness to be called at the trial scheduled to begin on March 13, 2017. Again, Ms. 
commits to making Ms. 
available for deposition at the reasonable convenience of 
Defendant's counsel. 
Respectfully submitted, 
McCawlev 
Sigrid McCawley 
SM/ 
cc: 
Counsel of Record 
EFTA00590754
--- PAGE 7 ---
EXHIBIT A 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00590755
--- PAGE 8 ---
CONMEMAL 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
Plaintiff 
Case No.: 15-cv-07433-RWS 
v. 
Ghislaine Maxwell, 
Defendant. 
AFFIDAVIT 
swear and affirm as follows: 
1. 
I am currently over the age of 18 and presently reside in the country of Spain. 
2. 
In the summer of 2006, when I was twenty-two years old and livin in New York, 
I was introduced to Jeffrey Epstein by a girl I had met named 
Malyshov. Shortly after meeting Jeffrey he invited me to fly to s private island 
in the US Virgin Islands, which I did. After that first trip I traveled to the island 
several more times, usually on one of Jeffrey's private airplanes, and always at his 
direction. I am told that my name appears on the flight logs of one or more of 
those trips. On a few occasions, Jeffrey also arranged to have me flown to the 
island on commercial flights. As it turned out, the Mary purpose of those visits 
was to have me have sexual relations with Jeffrey, 
Macinkova, and various 
other girls and guests he brought to the island. 
3. 
During one of my visits to the island I met Ghislaine Maxwell. Watching her 
interact with the other girls on the island, it became clear to me that she recruited 
all or many of them to the island. Once they were there, she appeared to be in 
charge of their activities, including what they did, who they did it with, and how 
they were supposed to stay in line. She assumed the same supervisory role with 
me as soon as I arrived. Some of the girls appeared to be 18 or older, but many 
appeared to be young teenagers. I recall seeing a particularly young, thin girl who 
looked well under 18 and recall asking her her age. I later learned was a ballerina. 
She refused to tell me or let me see her passport. 
4. 
In addition to spending time with Jeffrey on his island, I spent time with him in 
New York City. At his town house I was also lent out by him to his friends and 
EFTA00590756
--- PAGE 9 ---
COIF ENT'OAL 
associates to have sex. Among the people he lent me to was his friend, Alan 
Dershowitz. On one occasion I was in a bedroom at Jeffrey's New York 
townhouse with Jeffrey and 
After a short time, Alan 
Dershowitz entered the room, 
er 
e 
y left the room and 
and I 
had sex with Dershowitz. I recall specific, key details of his person na
 sex 
acts and can describe them in the event it becomes necessary to do so. 
I affirm under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct. 
Dated: 
-07A9as 
EFTA00590757
--- PAGE 10 ---
cesar—Laa.v.-r • 
CONFIDENTIAL 
CERTIFICATE OF ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF 
EXECUTION OF AN INSTRUMENT 
The Kingdom of Spain 
(Count') 
Province of Barcelona 
rcountrone/or Other Peatical Division) 
SS: 
City of Barcelona 
(County end& Other Political Division) 
Consulate Gral.of the United States of America 
(Name of Foreign Service Offne) 
Ilsiao-Ching Chang,Vice Consul 
of Me United stares of America at 
Barcelona, Spain 
duly commissioned and qualified, do tienty certify that on this day of 
01-05-2017 
Dale grim-dd-yyyy) 
Emma Ashley 
. before me personalty appeared 
te ..h. 
.... • . I known to me to be the individual-described in, whose name 
and amo executed the annexed Instrument and being informed by me of the contents of said instrument 
duly acknowfedged to me Mal 
therein mentioned. 
(SEAL; 
she 
iS 
subscribed to, 
she 
executed the same freely end voluntarily for the uses and purposes 
vobvSS whereof l have hereunto set my hand and 
official seal the day and yearns! above written. 
I lsiao-Ching Chang 
Vice Consul of the owed stales °mamma
This document consists of 4 pages. including the Acknowledgement certificate. 
NOTE: Wherever practicable all signatures to a document should be included in one certificate. 
OF-17S rFormeily FS-88) 
01.2009 
EFTA00590758

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590759.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590759.pdf
----------------------------------------
PWRW&G LLP DRAFT 12/29/1601/03/17
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Taxpayers: 
Leon Black and Debra Black 
SSN: 
Tax Form: 
1040X 
Tax Year: 
2011 
Statement of Reasonable Cause for Failure to Timely File Forms 5471, 8865, 8858 and 
8938 
Leon and Debra Black (the "Taxpayers"), are husband and wife, and are voluntarily filing the 
attached Form 1040X (the "Amended Return") for the sole purpose of filing Forms 5471, 
8858, 8865 and 8938 (the "International Information Returns") for 2011. The Amended 
Return, along with the International Information Returns, are being voluntarily filed under the 
Internal Revenue Service's (the "IRS") 2014 Delinquent International Information Return 
Submission Procedures. This statement, pursuant to Treas. Reg. §§ 1.6038-2(k)(3) and 1.6038-
3(k)(4), is intended to show that the failure to file the International Information Returns with 
the original Form 1040 for 2011 (the "Original Return") was due to reasonable cause and not 
willful neglect. The only change reflected in the Form 1040X filed today is the inclusion of the 
International Information Returns, and there is no change in taxable income reported by the 
Taxpayers, or in the tax liability owed by the Taxpayers, for 2011. The Original Return, the 
Amended Return and the accompanying International Information Returns were prepared by 
the Taxpayers' professional accountants at Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP ("REM-Co"). 
Background 
The Taxpayers are indirect owners of a wide variety of entities related to Apollo Global 
Management, LLC ("Apollo"), the publicly traded alternative asset manager, through their 
interest in BRH Holdings, M. (EIN: 98-0541994) ("BRH" or the "Partnership"). Since the 
inception of BRH, employees of Apollo have assisted with the preparation of the tax returns of 
BRH as well as all but two of the other controlled foreign partnerships, controlled foreign 
corporations and foreign disregarded entities (the "Foreign Entities") listed on the enclosed 
Exhibit A. 
The Taxpayers were provided with a Schedule K-1 for 2011 from the Partnership that included 
all items of taxable income and loss attributable to the Taxpayers' interest in the Partnership. 
The Schedule K-1, however, did not indicate any obligation to file the International Information 
Returns with respect to BRH or the many other Foreign Entities held through BRH. In 
addition, all of the Foreign Entities related to BRH are indirectly or constructively owned, in 
whole or in part, by BRH, and the tax information of such Foreign Entities is not directly 
reported to the Taxpayers or their tax advisors, but instead rolled into the tax reporting of 
BRH. As a result, neither the Taxpayers nor their professional accountants at REM-Co were 
aware that these filings were required and, in any case, they did not receive the information 
required to properly complete the International Information Returns. All income reported on 
the SelieduleSchesiules K-1 from the Partnership, and the two Foreign Entities not controlled 
by the Partnership (the "Nen-ApelleNon-BRH Controlled Entities"), was properly and timely 
reported on the Original Return. A Form 8938 was timely filed by the Taxpayers with the 
I 
Nee- l'SI:109977Cia 
EFTA00590759
--- PAGE 2 ---
Original Return and is being amended today to reflect the correct number of Forms 5471 and 
8865 in Part IV required to be filed by the Taxpayers as well as adding reporting on one 
additional Non-BRH Controlled Foreign Entity. 
The Taxpayers remained unaware of their obligation to file the International Information 
Returns until August 2016. At such time the Taxpayers and their representatives were 
informed, for the first time, by the Partnership's tax department, that the Taxpayers likely had 
an obligation to file the International Information Returns with respect to BRH and the 
otherRacontralled Foreign Entities-for-2M% Upon learning this information, the Taxpayers 
immediately requested additional information from the Partnership and diligently reviewed the 
history and factual circumstances with their accountants and other tax advisors. As a result of 
that review, it was determined that the Taxpayers were obligated to file the International 
Information Returns with respect to the Foreign Entities. including the Non-ApelleWREI 
Controlled Entitle; for 2011, which the Taxpayers are now doing via the filing of Form 
1040X today. 
The Taxpayers are neither accountants nor lawyers, and because the Taxpayers' ownership 
arrangements related to the Partnership and other Foreign Entities are very complex, the 
Taxpayers have engaged and relied on experienced accountants and other tax advisors to 
prepare their tax returns based upon the information and records provided to them. This 
includes information provided by the Partnership's tax department, which is responsible for 
overseeing tax compliance and reporting for an extremely complex business enterprise, as well 
as the Partnership's tax advisors at Deloitte who prepared the applicable Schedule K-1. 
Basis for Reasonable Cause 
The Taxpayers believe they have exercised ordinary business care and prudence by engaging 
and relying on several experienced tax professionals in making a good faith effort to comply 
with an intricate set of information reporting rules relating to a complex business enterprise. 
When the Taxpayers signed and filed the Original Return, on the advice of their experienced 
tax advisors at REM-Co, the Taxpayers believed the Original Return was accurate and 
complete. In addition, the Taxpayers acted as promptly as practicable upon learning of the 
filing oversight to gather all relevant records and information, determine appropriate filing 
requirements with their tax advisors, and file Form 1040X with the International Information 
Returns. The Taxpayers have a long history of being compliant taxpayers and have never been 
subject to tax penalties. The Taxpayers are not under a civil examination or a criminal 
investigation by the IRS. The IRS has not contacted the Taxpayers about any of the delinquent 
International Information Returns that are the subject of this statement. The Foreign Entities 
that are the subject of the International Information Returns were not engaged in tax evasion. 
Taxpayers are voluntarily filing Form 1040X today in order to ensure that all International 
Information Returns for 2011 are properly filed. Finally, Taxpayers also note that they have 
timely filed all required International Information Returns for the 2015 taxable period and will 
continue to ensure that all required International Information Returns are properly and timely 
filed in future taxable periods. 
Conclusion 
I 
pod- USI:109977Cia 
EFTA00590760
--- PAGE 3 ---
Based on the above, the Taxpayers believe, in good faith, that reasonable cause exists for their 
failure to file the International Information Returns with respect to the Foreign Entities with the 
Original Return. Therefore, the Taxpayers respectfully request that the IRS exercise its 
discretionary, regulatory authority to grant reasonable cause relief and not assert any penalties 
under Section 6038 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or Treas. Reg. §§ I.6038-2(k)(1) or 
1.6038-3(k)(3). 
Dort- USI-109977cia 
EFTA00590761
--- PAGE 4 ---
Under penalties of perjury, the Taxpayers declare that each of the statements and facts 
contained in this letter is, to the best of their knowledge and belief, true, correct and complete. 
Leon Black 
Debra Black 
Dort- USI:109977cia 
EFTA00590762
--- PAGE 5 ---
2011-EXHIBIT A 
FOREIGN ENTITIES 
FORMS 8865 
BRH HOLDINGS, LP 
APOLLO ADVISORS VI (EH) LP 
APOLLO ADVISORS VI (APO FC) LP 
AP PROFESSIONAL HOLDINGS LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS III LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS IV LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS VII LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS VIII LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS IX LP 
APH HOLDINGS LP 
APH HOLDINGS (FC) LP 
APH HOLDINGS (DC) LP 
AAA ASSOCIATES LP 
APOLLO ADVISORS V (EH) LP 
APOLLO CO-INVESTORS VI (EH-A), LLC (Non-BRH Controlled Entity) 
FORMS 8858 
APH HFA HOLDINGS LP 
APOLLO EUROPE ADVISORS LP 
AAA LIFE RECARRY LP 
APOLLO ACHILLES CO-INVEST GP, LW 
APOLLO ANGUILLA B LLC 
APOLLO ANRP ADVISORS (IH) LP 
APOLLO ANRP CO-INVESTORS (IH-D) LP 
AAA GUERNSEY LIMITED 
ADIC LIFE ADVISORS LP 
APOLLO CO-INVESTORS VII (NR EH-D) LP 
APOLLO ANRP ADVISORS (IH-GP) LP 
APOLLO SPN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LW 
APOLLO CO-INVESTORS VI (EH-D) LP 
APOLLO SOMA II ADVISORS LP 
APOLLO STRATEGIC ADVISORS LP 
APOLLO APC ADVISORS LP 
APOLLO APC CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LW 
APOLLO SPN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (APO FC-GP) LLC 
APOLLO EUROPEAN CREDIT ADVISORS LP 
APOLLO EUROPEAN STRATEGIC ADVISORS LP 
APOLLO CO-INVESTORS VII (NR FC-D) LP 
APOLLO CO-INVESTORS VII (FC-D) LP 
APOLLO CO-INVESTORS VI (FC-D) LP 
Pod: USI:109977530 
EFTA00590763
--- PAGE 6 ---
2011-EXHIBIT A, FOREIGN ENTITIES 
FORMS 8858 (Continued) 
APOLLO ADVISORS VI (APO FC-GP) LLC 
APOLLO ADVISORS VII (APO FC-GP) LLC 
APOLLO EPF CO-INVESTORS (B) LP 
FORMS 5471 
AAA MIP LIMITED 
APH III (SUB I) LTD 
APOLLO ADMINISTRATION GP LTD 
APOLLO ADVISORS VI (EH-GP) LTD 
APOLLO ADVISORS VII (EH-GP) LTD 
APOLLO GSS GP LIMITED 
GREENHOUSE HOLDINGS LTD 
APH I (SUB I) LTD 
APH HFA HOLDINGS GP LTD 
APOLLO EPF CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LIMITED 
APOLLO LIFE ASSET LTD 
APOLLO ALST GENPAR LTD 
APOLLO GAUCHO GENPAR LTD 
APOLLO ATHLON GENPAR LTD 
CPI CAPITAL PARTNERS EUROPE GP LTD 
CPI CCP EU-T SCOTS GP LTD 
BRH HOLDINGS GP LTD 
FORM 8938 
JERUSALEM VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC (Nonill111_Controlled_Enlity) 
Doe& 1,Si:10997753d 
EFTA00590764
--- PAGE 7 ---
Summary report: 
Literal:I) Change-Pro 7.5.0.176 Document comparison done on 1/3/2017 
4:07:05 PM 
Style name: PW Basic 
Intelligent Table Comparison: Active 
Original DMS: iw://US/US1/10997753/8 
Modified DMS: iw://US/US1/10997753/9 
Changes: 
Add 
Delete 
Move-From 
Move To 
Table Insert 
Table-Delete 
Table moves to 
Table-move-s-from 
Embedded Graphics (Visio, ChemDraw, Images etc.) 
Embedded Excel 
Format changes 
Total Changes: 
EFTA00590765

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590766.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590766.pdf
----------------------------------------
PWRW&G LLP DRAFT 12/29/1601/03/17
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Taxpayers: 
Leon Black and Debra Black 
SSN: 
Tax Form: 
1040X 
Tax Year: 
2010 
Statement of Reasonable Cause for Failure to Timely File Forms 5471, 8865, and 8858 
Leon and Debra Black, (the "Taxpayers"), are husband and wife, and are voluntarily filing the 
attached Form 1040X (the "Amended Return") for the sole purpose of filing Forms 5471, 
8858, and 8865 (the "International Information Returns") for 2010. The Amended Return, 
along with the International Information Returns, are being filed voluntarily under the Internal 
Revenue Service's (the "IRS") 2014 Delinquent International Information Return Submission 
Procedures. This statement, pursuant to Treas. Reg. §§ 1.6038-2(k)(3) and 1.6038-3(k)(4), is 
intended to show that the failure to file the International Information Returns with the original 
Form 1040 for 2010 (the "Original Return") was due to reasonable cause and not willful 
neglect. The only change reflected in the Form 1040X filed today is the inclusion of the 
International Information Returns, and there is no change in taxable income reported by the 
Taxpayers, or in the tax liability owed by the Taxpayers, for 2010. The Original Return, the 
Amended Return and the accompanying International Information Returns were prepared by 
the Taxpayers' professional accountants at Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP ("REM-Co"). 
Background 
The Taxpayers are indirect owners of a wide variety of entities related to Apollo Global 
Management, LLC ("Apollo"), the publicly traded alternative asset manager, through their 
interest in BRH Holdings, 
I 
) ("BRH" or the "Partnership"). Since the 
inception of BRH, employees of Apollo have assisted with the preparation of the tax returns of 
BRH as well as all the other controlled foreign partnerships, controlled foreign corporations 
and foreign disregarded entities (the "Foreign Entities") listed on the enclosed Exhibit A. 
The Taxpayers were provided with a Schedule K-1 for 2010 from the Partnership that included 
all items of taxable income and loss attributable to the Taxpayers' interest in the Partnership. 
The Schedule K-1, however, did not indicate any obligation to file the International Information 
Returns with respect to BRH or the many other Foreign Entities held through BRH. In 
addition, the Foreign Entities are indirectly or constructively owned, in whole or in part, by 
BRH, and the tax information of such Foreign Entities is not directly reported to the Taxpayers 
or their tax advisors, but instead rolled into the tax reporting of BRH. As a result, neither the 
Taxpayers nor their professional accountants at REM-Co were aware that these filings were 
required and, in any case, they did not receive the information required to properly complete 
the International Information Returns. All income reported on the Schedule K-I from the 
Partnership was properly and timely reported on the Original Return. 
The Taxpayers remained unaware of their obligation to file the International Information 
Returns until August 2016. At such time the Taxpayers and their representatives were 
informed, for the first time, by the Partnership's tax department, that the Taxpayers likely had 
Um*: USI: I0997747032 
EFTA00590766
--- PAGE 2 ---
an obligation to file the International Information Returns with respect to BRH and the other 
Foreign Entities-for-2044. Upon learning this information, the Taxpayers immediately requested 
additional information from the Partnership and diligently reviewed the history and factual 
circumstances with their accountants and other tax advisors. As a result of that review, it was 
determined that the Taxpayers were obligated to file the International Information Returns with 
respect to the Foreign Entities for 2010, which the Taxpayers are now doing via the filing of 
Form 1040X today. 
The Taxpayers are neither accountants nor lawyers, and because the Taxpayers' ownership 
arrangements related to the Partnership and other Foreign Entities are very complex, the 
Taxpayers have engaged and relied on experienced accountants and other tax advisors to 
prepare their tax returns based upon the information and records provided to them. This 
includes information provided by the Partnership's tax department, which is responsible for 
overseeing tax compliance and reporting for an extremely complex business enterprise, as well 
as the Partnership's tax advisors at Ernst & Young who prepared the applicable Schedule K-1. 
Basis for Reasonable Cause 
The Taxpayers believe they have exercised ordinary business care and prudence by engaging 
and relying on several experienced tax professionals in making a good faith effort to comply 
with an intricate set of information reporting rules relating to a complex business enterprise. 
When the Taxpayers signed and filed the Original Return, on the advice of their experienced 
tax advisors at REM-Co, the Taxpayers believed the Original Return was accurate and 
complete. In addition, the Taxpayers acted as promptly as practicable upon learning of the 
filing oversight to gather all relevant records and information, determine appropriate filing 
requirements with their tax advisors, and file Form 1040X with the International Information 
Returns. The Taxpayers have a long history of being compliant taxpayers and have never been 
subject to tax penalties. The Taxpayers are not under a civil examination or a criminal 
investigation by the IRS. The IRS has not contacted the Taxpayers about any of the delinquent 
International Information Returns that are the subject of this statement. The Foreign Entities 
that are the subject of the International Information Returns were not engaged in tax evasion. 
Taxpayers are voluntarily filing Form 1040X today in order to ensure that all International 
Information Returns for 2010 are properly filed. Finally, Taxpayers also note that they have 
timely filed all required International Information Returns for the 2015 taxable period and will 
continue to ensure that all required International Information Returns are properly and timely 
filed in future taxable periods. 
Conclusion 
Based on the above, the Taxpayers believe, in good faith, that reasonable cause exists for their 
failure to file the International Information Returns with respect to the Foreign Entities with the 
Original Return. Therefore, the Taxpayers respectfully request that the IRS exercise its 
discretionary, regulatory authority to grant reasonable cause relief and not assert any penalties 
under Section 6038 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or Treas. Reg. §§ I.6038-2(k)(1) or 
1.6038-3(k)(3). 
Um*: USI: l0997747vS2 
EFTA00590767
--- PAGE 3 ---
Under penalties of perjury, the Taxpayers declare that each of the statements and facts 
contained in this letter is, to the best of their knowledge and belief, true, correct and complete. 
Leon Black 
Debra Black 
Doc.: USI: I0997747vS2 
EFTA00590768
--- PAGE 4 ---
2010-EXHIBIT A 
FOREIGN ENTITIES 
FORMS 8865 
BRH HOLDINGS, LP 
APOLLO ADVISORS VI (EH) LP 
APOLLO ADVISORS VI (APO FC) LP 
AP PROFESSIONAL HOLDINGS LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS III LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS IV LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS VII LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS VIII LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS IX LP 
AAA ASSOCIATES LP 
FORMS 8858 
AAA GUERNSEY LIMITED 
ADIC LIFE ADVISORS LP 
APOLLO CO-INVESTORS VI (EH-D) LP 
APOLLO ANGUILLA B LW 
AAA LIFE RECARRY LP 
APOLLO SOMA II ADVISORS LP 
APOLLO STRATEGIC ADVISORS LP 
APOLLO CO-INVESTORS VII (FC-D) LP 
APOLLO CO-INVESTORS VI (FC-D) LP 
APOLLO ADVISORS VI (APO FC-GP) LW 
APOLLO ADVISORS VII (APO FC-GP) LLC 
APOLLO EPF CO-INVESTORS (B) LP 
FORMS 5471 
AAA MIP LIMITED 
APH III (SUB I) LTD 
APOLLO ADMINISTRATION GP LTD 
APOLLO ADVISORS VI (EH-GP) LTD 
APOLLO ADVISORS VII (EH-GP) LTD 
GREENHOUSE HOLDINGS LTD 
APH I (SUB I) LTD 
APH HFA HOLDINGS GP LTD 
APOLLO EPF CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LIMITED 
APOLLO LIFE ASSET LTD 
APOLLO GAUCHO GENPAR LTD 
CPI CAPITAL PARTNERS EUROPE GP LTD 
CPI CCP EU-T SCOTS GP LTD 
Doe: USI:I0997747v82 
EFTA00590769
--- PAGE 5 ---
BRH HOLDINGS GP LTD 
Doe: USI:I0997747.42 
EFTA00590770
--- PAGE 6 ---
Summary report: 
Litera® Change-Pro 7.5.0.176 Document comparison done on 1/3/2017 
3:54:06 PM 
Style name: PW Basic 
Intelligent Table Comparison: Active 
Original DMS: iw://US/USI/10997747/8 
Modified DMS: iw://US/US1/10997747/9 
Changes: 
Add 
Delete 
Meve-Frem 
Move To 
Table nsert 
Table Delete 
Table moves to 
Table-meves-frem 
Embedded Graphics (Visio, ChemDraw, Images etc.) 
Embedded Excel 
Format changes 
Total Changes: 
I0 
EFTA00590771

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590772.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590772.pdf
----------------------------------------
PWRW&G LLP DRAFT 12/29/1601/03/17 
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Taxpayers: 
Leon Black and Debra Black 
SSN: 
Tax Form: 
1040X 
Tax Year: 
2009 
Statement of Reasonable Cause for Failure to Timely File Forms 5471, 8865, and 8858 
Leon and Debra Black (the "Taxpayers"), are husband and wife, and are voluntarily filing the 
attached Form 1040X (the "Amended Return") for the sole purpose of filing Forms 5471, 
8858, and 8865 (the "International Information Returns") for 2009. The Amended Return, 
along with the International Information Returns, are being voluntarily filed under the Internal 
Revenue Service's (the "IRS") 2014 Delinquent International Information Return Submission 
Procedures. This statement, pursuant to Treas. Reg. §§ 1.6038-2(k)(3) and 1.6038-3(k)(4), is 
intended to show that the failure to file the International Information Returns with the original 
Form 1040 for 2009 (the "Original Return") was due to reasonable cause and not willful 
neglect. The only change reflected in the Form 1040X filed today is the inclusion of the 
International Information Returns, and there is no change in taxable income reported by the 
Taxpayers, or in the tax liability owed by the Taxpayers, for 2009. The Original Return, the 
Amended Return and the accompanying International Information Returns were prepared by 
the Taxpayers' professional accountants at Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP ("REM-Co"). 
Background 
The Taxpayers are indirect owners of a wide variety of entities related to Apollo Global 
Management, LLC ("Apollo"), the publicly traded alternative asset manager, through their 
interest in BRH Holdings, 
(EIN: 98-0541994) ("BRH" or the "Partnership"). Since the 
inception of BRH, employees of Apollo have assisted with the preparation of the tax returns of 
BRH as well as all the other controlled foreign partnerships, controlled foreign corporations 
and foreign disregarded entities (the "Foreign Entities") listed on the enclosed Exhibit A. 
The Taxpayers were provided with a Schedule K-1 for 2009 from the Partnership that included 
all items of taxable income and loss attributable to the Taxpayers' interest in the Partnership. 
The Schedule K-1, however, did not indicate any obligation to file the International Information 
Returns with respect to BRH or the many other Foreign Entities held through BRH. In 
addition, the Foreign Entities are indirectly or constructively owned, in whole or in part, by 
BRH, and the tax information of such Foreign Entities is not directly reported to the Taxpayers 
or their tax advisors, but instead rolled into the tax reporting of BRH. As a result, neither the 
Taxpayers nor their professional accountants at REM-Co were aware that these filings were 
required and, in any case, they did not receive the information required to properly complete 
the International Information Returns. All income reported on the Schedule K-I from the 
Partnership was properly and timely reported on the Original Return. 
The Taxpayers remained unaware of their obligation to file the International Information 
Returns until August 2016. At such time the Taxpayers and their representatives were 
informed, for the first time, by the Partnership's tax department, that the Taxpayers likely had 
Doc.: USI:l0997736vS2 
EFTA00590772
--- PAGE 2 ---
an obligation to file the International Information Returns with respect to BRH and the other 
Foreign Entities-for-2009. Upon learning this information, the Taxpayers immediately requested 
additional information from the Partnership and diligently reviewed the history and factual 
circumstances with their accountants and other tax advisors. As a result of that review, it was 
determined that the Taxpayers were obligated to file the International Information Returns with 
respect to the Foreign Entities for 2009, which the Taxpayers are now doing via the filing of 
Form 1040X today. 
The Taxpayers are neither accountants nor lawyers, and because the Taxpayers' ownership 
arrangements related to the Partnership and other Foreign Entities are very complex, the 
Taxpayers have engaged and relied on experienced accountants and other tax advisors to 
prepare their tax returns based upon the information and records provided to them. This 
includes information provided by the Partnership's tax department, which is responsible for 
overseeing tax compliance and reporting for an extremely complex business enterprise, as well 
as the Partnership's tax advisors at Ernst & Young who prepared the applicable Schedule K-1. 
Basis for Reasonable Cause 
The Taxpayers believe they have exercised ordinary business care and prudence by engaging 
and relying on several experienced tax professionals in making a good faith effort to comply 
with an intricate set of information reporting rules relating to a complex business enterprise. 
When the Taxpayers signed and filed the Original Return, on the advice of their experienced 
tax advisors at REM-Co, the Taxpayers believed the Original Return was accurate and 
complete. In addition, the Taxpayers acted as promptly as practicable upon learning of the 
filing oversight to gather all relevant records and information, determine appropriate filing 
requirements with their tax advisors, and file Form 1040X with the International Information 
Returns. The Taxpayers have a long history of being compliant taxpayers and have never been 
subject to tax penalties. The Taxpayers are not under a civil examination or a criminal 
investigation by the IRS. The IRS has not contacted the Taxpayers about any of the delinquent 
International Information Returns that are the subject of this statement. The Foreign Entities 
that are the subject of the International Information Returns were not engaged in tax evasion. 
Taxpayers are voluntarily filing Form 1040X today in order to ensure that all International 
Information Returns for 2009 are properly filed. Finally, Taxpayers also note that they have 
timely filed all required International Information Returns for the 2015 taxable period and will 
continue to ensure that all required International Information Returns are properly and timely 
filed in future taxable periods. 
Conclusion 
Based on the above, the Taxpayers believe, in good faith, that reasonable cause exists for their 
failure to file the International Information Returns with respect to the Foreign Entities with the 
Original Return. Therefore, the Taxpayers respectfully request that the IRS exercise its 
discretionary, regulatory authority to grant reasonable cause relief and not assert any penalties 
under Section 6038 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or Treas. Reg. §§ I.6038-2(k)(1) or 
1.6038-3(k)(3). 
Um*: USI:l0997736v:42 
EFTA00590773
--- PAGE 3 ---
Um*: USI: I0997736v:42 
EFTA00590774
--- PAGE 4 ---
Under penalties of perjury, the Taxpayers declare that each of the statements and facts 
contained in this letter is, to the best of their knowledge and belief, true, correct and complete. 
Leon Black 
Debra Black 
Um*: USI: I0997736vg2 
EFTA00590775
--- PAGE 5 ---
2009-EXHIBIT A 
FOREIGN ENTITIES 
FORMS 8865 
BRH HOLDINGS, LP 
APOLLO ADVISORS VI (EH) LP 
APOLLO ADVISORS VI (APO FC) LP 
APOLLO ADVISORS VII (EH) LP 
APOLLO ADVISORS VII (APO FC) LP 
AP PROFESSIONAL HOLDINGS LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS III LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS IV LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS VII LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS VIII LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS IX LP 
AAA ASSOCIATES LP 
FORMS 8858 
APOLLO ANGUILLA B LLC 
AAA LIFE RECARRY LP 
AAA GUERNSEY LIMITED 
APOLLO CO-INVESTORS VI (EH-D) LP 
APOLLO SOMA II ADVISORS LP 
APOLLO STRATEGIC ADVISORS LP 
APOLLO CO-INVESTORS VII (FC-D) LP 
APOLLO CO-INVESTORS VI (FC-D) LP 
APOLLO ADVISORS VI (APO FC-GP) LLC 
APOLLO ADVISORS VII (APO FC-GP) LW 
APOLLO EPF CO-INVESTORS (B) LP 
FORMS 5471 
AAA MIP LIMITED 
APH III (SUB I) LTD 
APOLLO ADVISORS VI (EH-GP) LTD 
APOLLO ADVISORS VII (EH-GP) LTD 
GREENHOUSE HOLDINGS LTD 
APH I (SUB I) LTD 
APOLLO EPF CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LIMITED 
APOLLO LIFE ASSET LTD 
CPI CAPITAL PARTNERS EUROPE GP LTD 
CPI CCP EU-T SCOTS GP LTD 
BRH HOLDINGS GP LTD 
USI:l0997736vS2 
EFTA00590776
--- PAGE 6 ---
Um*: USI: I0997736v:42 
EFTA00590777
--- PAGE 7 ---
Summary report: 
Litera® Change-Pro 7.5.0.176 Document comparison done on 1/3/2017 
3:50:42 PM 
Style name: PW Basic 
Intelligent Table Comparison: Active 
Original DMS: iw://US/US1/10997736/8 
Modified DMS: iw://US/US1/10997736/9 
Changes: 
Add 
Delete 
Move -From 
Move To 
Table Insert 
Tahle-De4ete 
Table moves to 
Table-move-S-frefli 
Embedded Graphics (Visio, ChemDraw, Images etc.) 
Embedded Excel 
Format changes 
Total Changes: 
I I 
EFTA00590778

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590779.pdf
----------------------------------------
PWRW&G LLP DRAFT 12/29/1601/03/17 
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Taxpayers: 
Leon Black and Debra Black 
SSN: 
Tax Form: 
1040X 
Tax Year: 
2008 
Statement of Reasonable Cause for Failure to Timely File Forms 5471, 8865, and 8858 
Leon and Debra Black, (the "Taxpayers"), are husband and wife, and are voluntarily filing the 
attached Form 1040X (the "Amended Return") for the sole purpose of filing Forms 5471, 
8858, and 8865 (the "International Information Returns") for 2008. The Amended Return, 
along with the International Information Returns, are being voluntarily filed under the Internal 
Revenue Service's (the "IRS") 2014 Delinquent International Information Return Submission 
Procedures. This statement, pursuant to Treas. Reg. §§ 1.6038-2(k)(3) and 1.6038-3(k)(4), is 
intended to show that the failure to file the International Information Returns with the original 
Form 1040 for 2008 (the "Original Return") was due to reasonable cause and not willful 
neglect. The only change reflected in the Form 1040X filed today is the inclusion of the 
International Information Returns, and there is no change in taxable income reported by the 
Taxpayers, or in the tax liability owed by the Taxpayers, for 2008. The Original Return was 
prepared by the Taxpayers' professional accountants at Konigsberg Wolf & Co., •. 
("Konigsberg"), and the Amended Return along with the accompanying International 
Information Returns were prepared by the same accountants who are now at Raich Ende 
Malter & Co. LLP. 
Background 
The Taxpayers are indirect owners of a wide variety of entities related to Apollo Global 
Management, LLC ("Apollo"), the publicly traded alternative asset manager, through their 
interest in BRH Holdings, •. 
(EIN: 98-0541994) ("BRH" or the "Partnership"). Since the 
inception of BRH, employees of Apollo have assisted with the preparation of the tax returns of 
BRH as well as all but two of the other controlled foreign partnerships, controlled foreign 
corporations and foreign disregarded entities (the "Foreign Entities") listed on the enclosed 
Exhibit A. 
The Taxpayers were provided with a Schedule K-1 for 2008 from the Partnership that included 
all items of taxable income and loss attributable to the Taxpayers' interest in the Partnership. 
The Schedule K-1, however, did not indicate any obligation to file the International Information 
Returns with respect to BRH or the many other Foreign Entities held through BRH. In 
addition, all of the Foreign Entities related to ApelleBRH are indirectly or constructively 
owned, in whole or in part, by BRH, and the tax information of such Foreign Entities is not 
directly reported to the Taxpayers or their tax advisors, but instead rolled into the tax reporting 
of BRH. As a result, neither the Taxpayers nor their professional accountants at Konigsberg 
were aware that these filings were required and, in any case, they did not receive the 
information required to properly complete the International Information Returns. All income 
reported on the SehedaleSchedules K-1 from the Partnership, and the two Foreign Entities not 
controlled by the Partnership (the "Nen-ApolloNon-BRH Controlled Entities"), was properly 
Um*: USI: l0997727vS2 
EFTA00590779
--- PAGE 2 ---
and timely reported on the Original Return. 
The Taxpayers remained unaware of their obligation to file the International Information 
Returns until August 2016. At such time the Taxpayers and their representatives were 
informed, for the first time, by the Partnership's tax department, that the Taxpayers likely had 
an obligation to file the International Information Returns with respect to BRH and the 
ethefifilliconbnolled Foreign Entities-fer--2908. Upon learning this information, the Taxpayers 
immediately requested additional information from the Partnership and diligently reviewed the 
history and factual circumstances with their accountants and other tax advisors. As a result of 
that review, it was determined that the Taxpayers were obligated to file the International 
Information Returns with respect to the Foreign Entities, including the Non-Apello 
Controlled Entities, for 2008, which the Taxpayers are now doing via the filing of Form 
1040X today. 
The Taxpayers are neither accountants nor lawyers, and because the Taxpayers' ownership 
arrangements related to the Partnership and other Foreign Entities are very complex, the 
Taxpayers have engaged and relied on experienced accountants and other tax advisors to 
prepare their tax returns based upon the information and records provided to them. This 
includes information provided by the Partnership's tax department, which is responsible for 
overseeing tax compliance and reporting for an extremely complex business enterprise, as well 
as the Partnership's tax advisors at Ernst & Young who prepared the applicable Schedule K-I. 
Basis for Reasonable Cause 
The Taxpayers believe they have exercised ordinary business care and prudence by engaging 
and relying on several experienced tax professionals in making a good faith effort to comply 
with an intricate set of information reporting rules relating to a complex business enterprise. 
When the Taxpayers signed and filed the Original Return, on the advice of their experienced 
tax advisors at Konigsberg, the Taxpayers believed the Original Return was accurate and 
complete. In addition, the Taxpayers acted as promptly as practicable upon learning of the 
filing oversight to gather all relevant records and information, determine appropriate filing 
requirements with their tax advisors, and file Form 1040X with the International Information 
Returns. The Taxpayers have a long history of being compliant taxpayers and have never been 
subject to tax penalties. The Taxpayers are not under a civil examination or a criminal 
investigation by the IRS. The IRS has not contacted the Taxpayers about any of the delinquent 
International Information Returns that are the subject of this statement. The Foreign Entities 
that are the subject of the International Information Returns were not engaged in tax evasion. 
Taxpayers are voluntarily filing Form 1040X today in order to ensure that all International 
Information Returns for 2008 are properly filed. Finally, Taxpayers also note that they have 
timely filed all required International Information Returns for the 2015 taxable period and will 
continue to ensure that all required International Information Returns are properly and timely 
filed in future taxable periods. 
Conclusion 
Based on the above, the Taxpayers believe, in good faith, that reasonable cause exists for their 
Um*: USI: I0997727vS2 
EFTA00590780
--- PAGE 3 ---
failure to file the International Information Returns with respect to the Foreign Entities with the 
Original Return. Therefore, the Taxpayers respectfully request that the IRS exercise its 
discretionary, regulatory authority to grant reasonable cause relief and not assert any penalties 
under Section 6038 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or Treas. Reg. §§ I.6038-2(k)(1) or 
1.6038-3(k)(3). 
Um*: USI: I0997727vS2 
EFTA00590781
--- PAGE 4 ---
Under penalties of perjury, the Taxpayers declare that each of the statements and facts 
contained in this letter is, to the best of their knowledge and belief, true, correct and complete. 
Leon Black 
Debra Black 
Um*: USI: 03997727v/S2 
EFTA00590782
--- PAGE 5 ---
2008-EXHIBIT A 
FOREIGN ENTITIES 
FORMS 8865 
BRH HOLDINGS LP 
APOLLO ADVISORS VII (EH) LP 
AP PROFESSIONAL HOLDINGS LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS III LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS IV LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS VII LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS VIII LP 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS IX LP 
APOLLO ADVISORS V (EH) LP 
AAA ASSOCIATES LP 
AP ALTERNATIVE ASSETS LP (Non-BRH Controlled Entit 
WOLFENSOHN CAPITAL PARTNERS LP (Non-BRH Controlled Entity) 
FORMS 8858 
APOLLO ANGUILLA B LLC 
APOLLO SOMA II ADVISORS LP 
APOLLO STRATEGIC ADVISORS LP 
APOLLO ADVISORS VI (APO FC-GP) LLC 
APOLLO ADVISORS VII (APO FC-GP) LLC 
APOLLO EPF CO-INVESTORS (B) LP 
AAA GUERNSEY LIMITED 
FORMS 5471 
AAA MIP LIMITED 
APH III (SUB I) LTD 
APOLLO ADVISORS VI (EH-GP) LTD 
APOLLO ADVISORS VII (EH-GP) LTD 
GREENHOUSE HOLDINGS LTD 
APH I (SUB I) LTD 
APOLLO EPF CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LIMITED 
CPI CAPITAL PARTNERS EUROPE GP LTD 
CPI CCP EU-T SCOTS GP LTD 
BRH HOLDINGS GP LTD 
AP ALTERNATIVE ASSETS LP 
NVOLFENSOFIN-CAPITAL-PAR-TNERS-LP 
Doc4% USI:10997727v&Q 
EFTA00590783
--- PAGE 6 ---
Um*: USI: I0997727vS2 
EFTA00590784
--- PAGE 7 ---
Summary report: 
Literae Change-Pro 73.0.176 Document comparison done on 1/3/2017 
3:49:26 PM 
Style name: PW Basic 
Intelligent Table Comparison: Active 
Original DMS: iw://US/US1/10997727/8 
Modified DMS: iw://US/US1/10997727/9 
Changes: 
Add 
Delete 
Move-From 
Move To 
Table Insert 
Table-Delete 
Table moves to 
Table-FROVELS-frefli 
Embedded Graphics (Visio, ChemDraw, Images etc.) 
Embedded Excel 
Format changes 
Total Changes: 
EFTA00590785

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590786.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590786.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 of 5 
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Wed. 11 October 2017 13:51:00 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Travel Arrangements for 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket AF 0578662506645-11OCT 
Ticket SU 55586625O6646-11OCT 
Sunday 15 Oct 17 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Paris. 
Moscow. 
12:55 PM 
05:40 PM 
Terminal 2 E 
Terminal E - International 
E Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Charles De Gaulle 
Sheremetyevo 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Baggage 
Hrs 45 Mins 
Airbus Industrie A319 
Meals 
Non-stop 
1PC 
Page 1 of 5 
Itinerary JZAZBF 
wV E RICAN 
E.:PRESS 
EFTA00590786
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 3 of 5 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destnation! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when evadable 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a $100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people•' 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at l/AV . a me rica n exp res s.ccm,11—. 
• CENTURION FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: centunon.com 
• FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: amextravel.comahr 
• The Hotel Collection: 
ant•xnress crereusicredit-cardcabanhfithrehhArthn-hothl-cntvhreon4pmrhor-golet 
• International Mine Program: .an Rmencnnnxnrecc rhea 
• Cruise Privileges Program: 
anexpLese.comi'crthsepnvalatage 
• Platinum Destinations vacallons --a hcanexpress.cornrustredtecardsrbenefiterdetairolabnum-desbnabons-vacattonsealatinum 
• Pay with Pond: an,  
m•Jpaywithpoults 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures a advertisements describing any lodging, tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services inducing. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of Arne/loan Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively. 'Amex') has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
imposed charges. ncluding. but not limited to. day resort a facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-cut. You may wish to inspire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wwiv alharz cc ^I. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travelers dealing transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining all necessary travel documents and complyng with all government travel 
requirements. You must present all exit. entry and other documents respired by law. Amex shall not be responsible to you for any loss a expense due to your failure to 
comply with such requirements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carnage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws. regulations. orders. 
demands. or requrements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibility to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your journey. Many 
countries require that your passport be valid for up to six (6) months from your date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign country. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at http.mavel. s:ate.gteemontent,passpcets,enalishrcourenrhtml. Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disdains any liability for any inaccurate a incomplete information canal-led on the foregoing 
website. 
Page 3 of 5 
Itinerary J2AZBF 
a
l
-
,
A
;
E
R
I
C
A
EXPRESS 
EFTA00590787
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 4 of 5 
By traveling on your itnerary. all travelers are attesting that they are a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident and their travel to Cuba is authorized under the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations. and falls within one of the approved categories. Fa more information on each of the categories. please see Part 515.560 of the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations at hrip:/Nnvw.ecfr.00v. Additional information can be found at hrips://wnw.treasurypoviresource-centerisancbonsfProoramsrPacteslcuba.aspx. Travel for 
traditional tourist activities is prohibited. and travelers are expected to maintain a full schedule of activities related to their category of travel. If providing any ristrance 
benefits under the American Express policy would violate U.S. economic or trade sanctions. then the policy will be void. 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review 'bum Vicay.ntral comtarrex for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel 
destnabon. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Airlines reserve the right to change your seats at any time due to operational needsitaircraft reconfiguration. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important 
notices apply to air transportation. Please visit cats. .
: 
for more nkemation. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on yow person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5120). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. ouddizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioacbve materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases, oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further 
information contact your airline representative or visit hngs....whydas.gov.arcut.ir ,Ja:ries..hthzniat_E-sfev.. 
Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members have uNinirted complimentary access to all locations of The Centwion Lounge. Gold Card and Green Card Additional 
Cards on your Platinum and Business Matrium Card account are not eligible fa complimentary access. Card Members may bring up to two (2) companions into The 
Centurion Lounge. To access The Centurion Lounge. the Card Member must present The Centurion Lounge agent with the following upon each visit his or her valid Card. a 
boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for same-day travel on any carrier and a government-issued I.D. Failure to present this documentation may result n access 
being denied. Card Members wit not be compensated for changes in locations. rates or policies. A Card Member must be at least 18 years of age to enter vnlhout a parent 
or legal guardian. For locations with a self-service bar, the Card Member must be of legal drinking age n the location's juris6ction to enter without a parent or legal 
guardian. Must be of legal drinking age to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. American Express reserves the right to remove any person from the 
Lounge for inappropriate behavior or failure to adhere to rules. including. but not limited to. conduct that is disruptive. abusive or violent Access is subject to space 
availability. Hours may vary by location and are subject to change. Amenities vary among The Centurion Lounge locations and are subject to change. Services and 
amenities in the Lounge are complimentary. however you are responsible for any purchases anchor servicing charges you authorize our Member Services Professionals to 
perform on your behalf. Some American Express Cards are not eligible for al services provided by Member Services Desk. American Express WI not be liable for any 
articles lost or stolen or damages suffered by the purchaser or visitor inside The Centurion Lounge. Use of The Centurion Lounge is subject to all rules and conditions set by 
American Express. American Express reserves the right to revise the rules at any time without notice. 
O2017 American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. Al rights reserved 
You understand and agree that American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex,. 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shad not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons a property resulting. drectly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of omissions of travel suppbers, including but not limited to delays. overbooldng's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or failures of 
equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil unrest. 
stokes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the pubbc intemet. telecommunications lines or facilities. a third party technology systems. a any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex. 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itneraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets a other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them access to ow marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and 
these arrangements, including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommendrg itineraries. we 
may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
•  
Upon cancellation of the transportation or travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled n violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier. 
without obtaining a refund and such other provder fails to provide the agreed-upon transportation or service. In this situation, the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establishing the disbursement of the customer payment and if disbursed to a registered wholesaler of 
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seler of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in Calikrnia at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with the 
Page 0 of 5 
Itinerary J2AZBF 
AME
EGRESS 
EFTA00590788
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 5 of 5 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when requied. The maxi-man amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed $15.000. A claim must be submitted to the TCRF with 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the date and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to wane their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating seler of travel for matters aristrig out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRF's website at yiww trrren reg. 
• 
: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancelation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
• 
: Please visit typolfcca hawalogovinvlifileKO011:06.Winsi IMP ,J10 hts oil for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which maintains our travel agency trust account is Bank of Hawaii. Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue. Honolulu. HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account. 
Page 5 of 5 
Itinerary J2AZBF 
a
A,...E RICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00590789
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00590790

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590791.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page I of 5 
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Wed. 11 October 2017 13:51:00 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Travel Arrangements for 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket AF 0578662506645-11OCT 
Ticket SU 55586625O6646-11OCT 
Sunday 15 Oct 17 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Paris. 
Moscow. 
12:55 PM 
05:40 PM 
Terminal 2 E 
Terminal E - International 
E Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Charles De Gaulle 
Sheremetyevo 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 45 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A319 
Meal 
Meals 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
1PC 
Page 1 of 5 
Itinerary JZAZBF 
EGIR E SS 
aRI
EFTA00590791
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 3 of 5 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destnation! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when evadable 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a $100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people•' 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at l/AV . a me rica n exp res s.ccm,11—. 
• CENTURION FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: centunon.com 
• FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: amextravel.comahr 
• The Hotel Collection: 
ant•xnress crereusicredit-cardcabanhfithrehhArthn-hothl-cntvhreon4pmrhor-golet 
• International Mine Program: .an Rmencnnnxnrecc rhea 
• Cruise Privileges Program: 
anexpLese.comi'crthsepnvalatage 
• Platinum Destinations vacallons --a hcanexpress.cornrustredtecardsrbenefiterdetairolabnum-desbnabons-vacattonsealatinum 
• Pay with Pond: an,  
m•Jpaywithpoults 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures a advertisements describing any lodging, tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services inducing. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of Arne/loan Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively. 'Amex') has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
imposed charges. ncluding. but not limited to. day resort a facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-cut. You may wish to inspire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wwiv alharz cc ^I. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travelers dealing transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining all necessary travel documents and complyng with all government travel 
requirements. You must present all exit. entry and other documents respired by law. Amex shall not be responsible to you for any loss a expense due to your failure to 
comply with such requirements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carnage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws. regulations. orders. 
demands. or requrements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibility to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your journey. Many 
countries require that your passport be valid for up to six (6) months from your date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign country. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at http.mavel. s:ate.gteemontent,passpcets,enalishrcourenrhtml. Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disdains any liability for any inaccurate a incomplete information canal-led on the foregoing 
website. 
Page 3 of 5 
Itinerary J2AZBF 
a
l
-
,
A
;
E
R
I
C
A
EXPRESS 
EFTA00590792
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 4 of 5 
By traveling on your itnerary. all travelers are attesting that they are a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident and their travel to Cuba is authorized under the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations. and falls within one of the approved categories. Fa more information on each of the categories. please see Part 515.560 of the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations at hrip:/Nnvw.ecfr.00v. Additional information can be found at hrips://wnw.treasurypoviresource-centerisancbonsfProoramsrPacteslcuba.aspx. Travel for 
traditional tourist activities is prohibited. and travelers are expected to maintain a full schedule of activities related to their category of travel. If providing any ristrance 
benefits under the American Express policy would violate U.S. economic or trade sanctions. then the policy will be void. 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review 'bum Vicay.ntral comtarrex for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel 
destnabon. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Airlines reserve the right to change your seats at any time due to operational needsitaircraft reconfiguration. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important 
notices apply to air transportation. Please visit cats. .
: 
for more nkemation. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on yow person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5120). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. ouddizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioacbve materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases, oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further 
information contact your airline representative or visit hngs....whydas.gov.arcut.ir ,Ja:ries..hthzniat_E-sfev.. 
Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members have uNinirted complimentary access to all locations of The Centwion Lounge. Gold Card and Green Card Additional 
Cards on your Platinum and Business Matrium Card account are not eligible fa complimentary access. Card Members may bring up to two (2) companions into The 
Centurion Lounge. To access The Centurion Lounge. the Card Member must present The Centurion Lounge agent with the following upon each visit his or her valid Card. a 
boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for same-day travel on any carrier and a government-issued I.D. Failure to present this documentation may result n access 
being denied. Card Members wit not be compensated for changes in locations. rates or policies. A Card Member must be at least 18 years of age to enter vnlhout a parent 
or legal guardian. For locations with a self-service bar, the Card Member must be of legal drinking age n the location's juris6ction to enter without a parent or legal 
guardian. Must be of legal drinking age to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. American Express reserves the right to remove any person from the 
Lounge for inappropriate behavior or failure to adhere to rules. including. but not limited to. conduct that is disruptive. abusive or violent Access is subject to space 
availability. Hours may vary by location and are subject to change. Amenities vary among The Centurion Lounge locations and are subject to change. Services and 
amenities in the Lounge are complimentary. however you are responsible for any purchases anchor servicing charges you authorize our Member Services Professionals to 
perform on your behalf. Some American Express Cards are not eligible for al services provided by Member Services Desk. American Express WI not be liable for any 
articles lost or stolen or damages suffered by the purchaser or visitor inside The Centurion Lounge. Use of The Centurion Lounge is subject to all rules and conditions set by 
American Express. American Express reserves the right to revise the rules at any time without notice. 
O2017 American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. Al rights reserved 
You understand and agree that American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex,. 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shad not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons a property resulting. drectly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of omissions of travel suppbers, including but not limited to delays. overbooldng's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or failures of 
equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil unrest. 
stokes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the pubbc intemet. telecommunications lines or facilities. a third party technology systems. a any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex. 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itneraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets a other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them access to ow marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and 
these arrangements, including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommendrg itineraries. we 
may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
•  
Upon cancellation of the transportation or travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled n violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier. 
without obtaining a refund and such other provder fails to provide the agreed-upon transportation or service. In this situation, the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establishing the disbursement of the customer payment and if disbursed to a registered wholesaler of 
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seler of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in Calikrnia at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with the 
Page 0 of 5 
Itinerary J2AZBF 
AME
EGRESS 
EFTA00590793
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 5 of 5 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when requied. The maxi-man amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed $15.000. A claim must be submitted to the TCRF with 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the date and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to wane their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating seler of travel for matters aristrig out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRF's website at yiww trrren reg. 
• 
: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancelation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
• 
: Please visit typolfcca hawalogovinvlifileKO011:06.Winsi IMP ,J10 hts oil for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which maintains our travel agency trust account is Bank of Hawaii. Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue. Honolulu. HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account. 
Page 5 of 5 
Itinerary J2AZBF 
a
A,...E RICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00590794
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00590795

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590796.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590796.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gulfstreame
PRELIMINARY INVOICE 
A 0•NARAL OVINIAMIC• COMPANY 
Char Drive - Westfield. Massachusetts 01085-1493 
Part Model #: GIV 
AC Serial No/Tail No.: 
Mail Remittance To: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
P.O. Box 730349 
Dallas. Texas 75373-0349 
Overnight Remittance To: 
Gu[(stream Aerospace Corporation (Box # 730349) 
do JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA 
ATTN: Dallas National Wholesale Lockbox TXI-0029 
14800 Frye Road 
R. Worth. TX 76155 
Wire Remittance To: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA 
Chicago. IL 60670 
Account No. 10-15825 
Fedwire Routing No. (ABA) 02I 000 021 
S.W.I.F.T. CHASUS33 
ACH Credit Routing No. (ABA)071 000 013 
4 0 6 4 s 
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
C/O GALAXY AVIATION INC 
ATTN: LARRY VISOSKI 
3800 SOUTHERN BLVD, SUITE 204 
WEST PALM BEACH, Florida 33406 
United States 
Invoice Number: 
Invoice Date: 
Customer ID: 
P.O. Number: 
Repair Station: 
In Date: 
Out Date: 
Payment Type: 
Payment Terms: 
3/10/2016 
BJ419 
CRS LEGRO39G 
03/05/2016 
03/25/2016 
Net 30-Open terms 
Title: JEGE LLC 
INVOICE SUMMARY FOR WORK ORDER NUMBER: 
lime & Materials 
Flat Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
$94565.46 
$75,096.37 
4169,661.83 
Parts USD: 
$43.031.60 
SOO) 
$43,031.60 
Services USD: 
$10,411.04 
SOO) 
$10,411.04 
Misc Charges USD: 
$10,850.00 
vassaao 
Detail Subtotal USD: 
$158,858.10 
$75,096.37 
$233,954.47 
Freight USD: 
4984.01 
Subtotal USD: 
5234.938.48 
Funds on Deposit USD: 
$75,000.00 
Total USD: 
SCHEDULED MAINTENANCE 
FAR PART 91 
LARRY VISOSKI 
N212.1E 
RE: PROPOSAL* 
HAPP # 441M-529-21 
$159,938.48 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 1 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 II:35:41AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590796
--- PAGE 2 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO //: 
Invoice Number 
Item: 1 
AIRFRAME Gulfst ream GIV 
Team Manager. 
Charles Hetwig 
Customer Coordinator 
Vinny Cicala 
Part/Model n: GIV 
AC Serial No./Tail No.: ■ 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 1.1 
RETURN TO SERVICE FOR GENERAL MAINTENANCE OR INSPECTION 
Resolution: ACTT: 9208.4 
ACTL: 4232 
DATE: 
WORK ORDER NUMBER: 
ITEM(S): I, 5, 6, 7, 11-27 
THE MAINTENANCE LISTED ABOVE WAS PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CURRENT FEDERAL 
AVIATION REGULATIONS AND LS APPROVED FOR RETURN TO SERVICE WITH REGARDS TO THE 
MAINTENANCE ACCOMPLISHED. FURTHER DETAILS ARE ON FILE AT THIS REPAIR STATION UNDER THE 
ABOVE WORK ORDER. A COPY OF THLS WORK ORDER HAS BEEN PROVIDED TO THE OPERATOR 
SIGNATURE: 
 DATE: 
Discrepancy: 1.2 
Resolution: 
ADVISE CUSTOMER OF PRESERVATION REQUIREMENTS PER ATA CHAPTER 10 OF THE RELEVANT 
MAINTENANCE MANUALS FOR AIRFRAME, ENGINES, AND APU; REVIEW REQUIREMENTS IN 
RELATION TO SCHEDULED DATE PROMISED AND LATER POTENTIAL DATE COMPLETED; AND 
PERFORM MAINTENANCE OR PRESERVATION ACTIONS AS DIRECTED BY THE CUSTOMER AND 
DOCUMENTED AS A WORK ORDER SQUAWK. 
Step: 1.2.1 
Open 
SERVICE/ENGINE/APU 
••" ADMINISTRATIVE ONLY ••• 
Step: 1.2.2 
Open 
AVIONICS SERVICE/AVIONICS INSTALL 
••" ADMINISTRATIVE ONLY ••• 
Stem 1.2.3 
Open 
INTERIOR / WOOD / UPHOLSTERY / PAINT 
••• ADMINISTRATIVE ONLY ••• 
Discrepancy: 1,3 
Resolution: 
ACCOMPLISH INBOUND/OUTBOUND INSPECTION 
Step: 1.3.1 
Completed 
Step: 1.3.2 
809
ACCOMPLISH INBOUND/PRELIMINARY INSPECTION FORM M-4 
ACCOMPLISH OUTBOUND INSPECTION MAINTENANCE RELEASE 
CHECKLIST S•17 
Discrepancy: 1.4 
ACCOMPLISH VIDEO OF AIRCRAFT, LS APPLICABLE, OTHERWISE N/A 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 2 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd 332 
EFTA00590797
--- PAGE 3 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Resolution: ACCOMPLISHED VIDEO OF AIRCRAFT 
WO N: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: IS 
Resolution: 
ACCOMPLISH PREFLIGHT INSPECTION IF REQUIRED 
Discrepancy: 1.6 
ACCOMPLISH INCOMING DEBRIEF TO INCLUDE THE INDUCTION / ARRIVAL BRIEF CHECKLIST - 
CMP 010010 
ChIP GIV 010010 SERVICE CENTER MAINTENANCE INDUCTION CHECKLIST 
Resolution: Complied with CUP GIV 010010 Service Center Maintenance Induction Checklist 
Step: 1.6.1 
Completed 
Step: 1.6.2 
Completed 
ACCOMPLISH 90 DAY DUELIST REVIEW IF REQUIRED 
LIST OPERAT'OR'S AIRWORTHINESS REQUIREMENTS 
Discrepancy: 1.7 
Resolution: 
TOOL CLEARANCE 
Discrepancy: 1.8 
COVER AND PROTECT AIRCRAFT 
Resolution: ACCOMPLISHED COVER AND PROTECT OF THE AIRCRAFT INTERIOR AM) EXTERIOR. AS REQUIRED. 
Discrepancy: 1.9 
SERVICE TOILETAVASTE TANK 
Resolution: 
For detail description of the work complied wilh see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 3 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590798
--- PAGE 4 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO if: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 1.10 
ASSIST CUSTOMER VITA ARRIVAL/DEPARTURE 
Resolution: ACCOMPLISHED ASSISTANCE OF CUSTOMER WITH ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE. 
Discrepancy: 1.11 
ACCOMPLISH HYDRAULIC FLUID SAMPLE AS REQUIRED 
Resolution: ACCOMPLISHED HYDRAULIC FLUID CONTAMINATION CHECKS. 
Discrepancy: 1.12 
REMOVE AND SECURE CUSTOMER VALUABLES 
Resolution: REMOVED AND SECURED CUSTOMER VALUABLES 
Discrepancy: 1.13 
FLUIDS/GASES (OIL, HYDRAULIC, OXYGEN, NITROGEN) 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 1.14 
REVIEW LOGBOOK ENTRY PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: LIS 
ACCOMPLISH AIRCRAFT CLEANING 
Resolution: 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Description 
Quantity
For detail description of the work complied wilh see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 4 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rea
EFTA00590799
--- PAGE 5 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO k: 
Invoice Number. 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
Description 
Quantity 
1.1511 
AIRCRAFT CLEANING 
1.1S 12 
AIRCRAFT CLEANING 
1.00 
1.00 
Discrepancy: 1.16 
CONSUMABLES & SHOP SUPPLIES 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Misc Charges USD: 
Time and Material 
$5,000.00 
Total USD: 
$5,000.00 
Miscellaneous Charge: 
Ref. No. 
 Miscellaneous Charge 
1.1611 
CONSUMABLES & SHOP SUPPLIES 
Step: 1.16.1 
Open 
CONSUMABLES 
Amount USD 
$5,000.00 
Discrepancy: 1.17 
CUSTONIER REQUESTTO INSPECT THE MAIN TIRES FOR WEAR. 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 1.18 
CUSTOMER REPORTS THE k2 BRAKE LS LEAKING FLUID. 
Resolution: REMOVED LEAKING #2 BRAKE ASSEMBLY WITH PIN 1159SCL204-61, MS NOV93-466. INSTALLED A 
REPAIRED #2 BRAKE ASSEMBLY WITH PIN 1159SCL204-61, SIN NOV93-466. ALL WORK DONE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH GIV CMP 324105. 
PERFORMED LEFT BRAKE BLEED AND EMERGENCY SYSTEM BLEED JAW GIV ChIP 324127 AND 324125. 
PERFORMED WHEEL BRAKE - FUNCTIONAL TEST (BRAKE-BY-WIRE) IAW GIV GIMP 324101. 
SEE STEPS BELOW FOR FURTHER DETAILS. 
Billing Method 
I lour. 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
10.74 
@ 
$132.00 
$1,417.68 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
0.43 
@ 
$198.00 
$85.14 
Total USD: 
Services: 
$1,502.82 
Ref. No. 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
1.1812 
GAC REPAIRS 
Part Ref: 1159SC1204-61 BRAKE ASSEMBLY, MAIN GEAR 15 DEGREES 
1.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 5 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590800
--- PAGE 6 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO 9: 
Invoice Number: 
Step: 1.18.1 
Completed 
CLEANED THE BRAKE TO INVESTAGATE THE LEAK. APPLIED 
HYDRAULICS AND APPLIED BRAKES SEVERAL TIMES, SET PARKING 
BRAKE, AND ALLOWED THE BRAKE TO HAVE PRESSURE ON IT OVER 
NIGHT. NOTICED HYDRAULIC FLUID LEAKING FROM THE UPPER AFT 
PLSTON RETAINER. REMOVED THE LEAKING BRAKE P/N 90000420-1 S/N 
NOV93-466. WORK DONE IAW GULFSTREAM G IV CMP 324105. 
Step: 1.18.2 
Completed 
CLEANED AND REPACKED WHEEL BEARINGS ON NUMBER 2 MIA: WHEEL 
ASSY. WORK DONE IAW CIV CMP 324052 
Step: 1.18.3 
Completed 
INSTALLED WHEEL BEARINGS IN 82 AMC WHEEL ASSY IAW GIV CA1P 324052 
Step: 1.18.4 
Completed 
REMOVED LEAKING 82 BRAKE: ASSEMBLY WITH P/N 1159SCI.204-61, SIN 
NOV93-466. INSTALLED A REPAIRED 02 BRAKE ASSEMBLY WITH P/N 
1159SCL204-61.S/N NOV93-466. REFERENCE 8130-3 WITH FORM TRACKING 
20160315033032 DATED 15 MAR 2016 FROM GAC SAV CRS/ GR4R216M. ALL 
WORK DONE IN ACCORDANCE WITH GIV CMP 324105. 
Step: 1.18.5 
Completed 
PERFORMED LEFT BRAKE BLEED AND EMERGENCY SYSTEM BLEED IAW 
Step: 1.18.6 
Completed 
GIV CMP 324127 AND 324125. SEE THS WORK ORDER ITEM 1.24 FOR 
FURTHER DETAILS, 
PERFORMED WHEEL BRAKE - FUNCTIONAL TEST (BRAKE-BY-WIRE) IAW 
GIV CMP 324101. 
Discrepancy: 1.19 
CUSTOMER REPORTS THAT PRESSURIZATION SYSTEM INOP IN AUTO MODE WORKS IN MANUAL 
MODE 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
11.54 
@ 
$132.00 
$1,523.28 
Misc Charges USD: 
Time and Material 
$5,850.00 
Total USD: 
$7,373.28 
Miscellaneous Charge: 
Ref. No. 
Miscellaneous Charge 
Amount USD 
1.1911 
Customer Supplied Part Charge 
$5,850.00 
Step: 1.19.1 
Completed 
ACCESSED CABIN PRESSURE TRANSDUCER TEST SWITCH. FOUND LIGHT 
TO NOT ILLUMINATE WHEN PRESSED OR TEST SWITCH PLACED INTO 
MULTIPLE POSITIONS. RESEARCHED WIRING DRAWINGS. CHECKED 115 
VAC AT CABIN AIR PRESSURE TRANSDUCER 47FL IPI PIN 31 WITH NO 
DEFECTS NOTED. GROUND PRESENT AT 47FLIPI PIN 30. CONTACTED 
LUCAS FROM GAC SAV TECH OPS. FAILED CABIN PRESSURE TRANSDUCER 
P/N: 2100136-1-10 
WORK PERFORMED IAW GULFSTREAM GIV 
WIRING DWG CABIN PRESSURE CONTROL 21.31-00. 
Step: 1.19.2 
I'omplcted 
PERFORMED PRESSURIZATION SYSTEM TEST IAW GULFSTREAM 
Dt )CUMENT NO. I159SER86-043, REV. C, DATED 10-30-01 TITLED "OPERATING 
INS'T'RUCTIONS PRESSURIZATION TEST UNIT" AND CONFIRMED CABIN 
PRESSURE TRANSDUCER P/N 64547-2100136-1-10, 
IS FAULTY. 
Discrepancy: 1.20 
Resolution: 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
REPLACE CABIN PREASURE RELIEF VALVE 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
12011 
103568-1-2MR4 
VALVE. CABIN PRESSURE SAFETY 
RELIEF 
1.2012 
MS29512-06 
O-RING. TUBE FITTING PACKING 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 6 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd 332 
EFTA00590801
--- PAGE 7 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Pans: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
WO U: 
Description 
Invoice Number. 
Quantity 
1.20 13 
M528778-6 
PACKING, PREFORMED TUBE 
FITTING 
1.20 #4 
MS23775-110 
SEAL 
1.20#5 
MS29512-06 
-RING, TUBE FITTING PACKING 
1.20 #6 
M528778-6 
PACKING, PREFORMED TUBE 
FITTING 
1.20 #7 
MS28775-110 
SEAL 
1.20 #8 
NAS6603-4 
BOLT-HEX HEAD. CLOSE 
TOLERANCE 
Step: 1.20.1 
Completed 
REMOVED CABIN PRESSURIZATION SAFETY VALVE PN 103568-1-1 SN 55-627. 
INSTALLED A REPAIRED CABIN PRESSURIZATION SAFETY VALVE PN 
103568-1-2MR4 SN 90-353. RECEIVED FROM HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL 
INC. REFERENCE 8130-3 TRACKING NUMBER 301479130 APPROVAL NUMBER 
HZ3R571L DATED APR/2212008. WORK PERFORMED IAW G1V CMP 213080 
STEPS A-D(9). NEEDS OPS AND LK CHECK 
Step: 1.20.2 
( onpleted 
PERFORNIED GULFSTREAM GIV CMP CODE 245051 - ACMC POWER 
DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM - FUNCTIONAL TEST, USING BATTERIES UP TO TRU 
POWER SOURCES. ( PROCEDURE B1 TO B51 
Step: 1.20.3 
In Progress 
NEED APU AND ENGINE RUN 
Step: 1.20.4 
Open 
OPEN 
Discrepancy: 1.21 
CHANGE #3 MAIN TIRE. 
Resolution: REMOVED WHEEL ASSEMBLY WITH PIN 5008447.3, S/N JUL-91-249. INSTALLED A REPAIRED WHEEL 
ASSEMBLY WITH PIN 1159SCL203-45, S/N JUL-91-249/S-JAN07-134. REFERENCE FAA FORM 8130-3 WITH 
FORM TRACKING #GAW-05126 DATED 19/MAR/2016 FROM GULSTREAM CRSLEGRO39G. ALL WORK DONE 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH GIV CMP 324013,324043,324111,324038. UPDATED CMP CODES 
324013,324043,324111,324038 AS REQUIRED. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
16.28 
@ 
$132.00 
$2,148.96 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$1,575.19 
Total USD: 
$3,724.15 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
1.21 #1 
1159SC1,206-33 
TIRE, MAIN 
81,540-50 
$1,540.50 
1.21 #2 
MS28775-383 
PACKING 
$16.05 
$16.05 
1.21 #3 
515X333-20Z 
OZ TOUCHUP KIT, GREEN EPDXY 
$18.64 
$18.64 
PRIMER 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 7 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590802
--- PAGE 8 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO N: 
Invoice Number: 
Step: 1.21.1 
Completed 
DISMOUNTED TIRE #3 MEG WHEEL AS.SY IAW GIV CMP 324043 
Step: 1.21.2 
Completed 
REPLACED CLIP WITH P/N 5008897. NO S/N.. REFERENCE PACKING SLIP 
WITH ENTERPRISE TRANSFER NUMBER 000666648 DATED 03/1812016 FROM 
GULFSTREAM.. REPLACED COTTER PINS (2) WITH P/N MS9245-22 NO SIN. 
REFERENCE PACKING SLIP WITH ENTERPRISE TRANSFER NUMBER 
000666642 DATED 03/18/2016 FROM GULFSTREAM. REPLACED PACKING P/N 
hLS28775-383 NO S/N. REFERENCE PACKING SLIP WITH ENTERPRISE 
TRANSFER NUMBER 000334467 DATED 10/19/2011 FROM GULFSTREAM. 
REMOVED CORRODED FLANGE WITH P/N 5004909 SIN JUL-91-249. 
INSTALLED NEW FLANGE WITH P/N 5004909 S/N S-JAN07-134. REFERENCE 
FAA FORM 8130-3 WITH FORM TRACKING NUMBER 20070202050602 FROM 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORPORATION APPROVAL/AUTHORIZATION 
NO: ODARFI00127CE DATED FEB 02,2007. REMOVED WORN TIRE 34X9.25-16 
WITH P/N 348F83-2 S/N 31762073. INSTALLED NEW TIRE 34X9.25-16 WITH PIN 
348F83-2 SIN 60971719. REFERENCE FAA FORM 8130-3 WITH FOR.NI TRACKING 
NUMBER 57783052-001 FROM GOODYEAR TIRE AND RUBBER CO. 
APPROVAIJAUTHORIZATION NO: DARF510258CE DATED APR/2U2006. 
REMOVED CORRODED FLANGE RETAINING RING P/N 5012120 NO S/N. 
INSTALLED NEW FLANGE RETAINING RING P/N 5012120 NO S/N. REFERENCE 
CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE DATED MAY 19, 2007 FROM AIRCRAFT 
BRAKING SYSTEMS CORPORATION, CERTIFICATE NO. 80446289-10. ALL 
WORK DONE IAW GIV AMM 3242-00. FORWARDED PAPERWORK TO 
INSPECTION FOR ISSUANCE OF FAA FORM 8130-3. 
WHEEL ASSEhIBLY P/N: 5008447-3. SERIAL NUMBER IS NOW: 
JUL -91-249/S-JAN07-134 
Step: 1.21.3 
Completed 
COMPLIED WITH ChIP GIV 324053 MAIN WHEEL BEARINGS (RIGHT 
INBOARD NO. 3)- INSPECTION PACK (AIRCRAFT BRAKING SYSTEM) 
Step: 1.21.4 
Completed 
COMPLIED WITH ChIP GIV 324111 WHEEL BRAKE (RIGHT INBOARD NO. 3)-
INSPECTION (ABS) 
Step: 1.21.5 
Completed 
COMPLIED WITH CHIP GIV 324038 TIRE-SERVICING 
Discrepancy: 1.22 
OVERTIME APPPROVAL TO MEET THE CUSTOMERS OUT DATE. 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
53,000.00 
Total USD: 
$3,000.00 
Discrepancy: 1.23 
DURING #3 TIRE CHANGE FOUND CORROSION ON DEMOUNTING RIM AND RETAINING RING. 
Resolution: ACCOMPLISHED REPLACEMENT OF THE RETAINING RING, AND OUTER FLANGE, DUE TO CORROSION. 
WHEEL ASSEMBLY PIN: 5008447-3, SERIAL NUMBER IS NOW: JUL-91-249/S-JAN07-134. 
REF: GULFSTREAM BAF, CRS# LEGR039G FAA FORM 8130-3 WITH FORM TRACKING # GAW-05126, DATED 
3/19/2016. 
REF: SQUAWK 1.21 FOR INSTALLATION OF THE WHEEL ASSEMBLY, AND STEPS 1.23.1 - 1.23.2 BELOW FOR 
MORE DETAILS 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 8 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd 322 
EFTA00590803
--- PAGE 9 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Labor USD: 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Time and Material 
Time and Material 
Time and Material 
Part number: 
ST 
OT 
Description 
COTTER PIN 
FIANCE 
PACKING 
CLIP 
RING 
WO 0: 
Invoice Number: 
2.28 
$132.00 
0.17 
$198.00 
$300.96 
$33.66 
$7,375.70 
$7,710.32 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
1.2311 
1.2312 
1.2313 
1.2315 
1.2316 
Step: 1.23.1 
Step: 1.23.2 
MS9245-22 
5004909 
MS28775-383 
5008897 
501212(1 
Completed 
Completed 
$0.78 
$5,829.88 
$16.05 
$119.13 
$1,402.84 
COMPLIED WITH CHIP GIV 324053 MAIN WHEEL BEARINGS (RIGHT 
INBOARD NO. 3)- INSPECTION PACK (AIRCRAFT BRAKING SYSTEM) 
REPLACED CLIP WITH P/N 5008897, NO S/N.. REFERENCE PACKING SLIP 
WITH ENTERPRISE TRANSFER NUMBER 000666648 DATED 03/18/2016 FROM 
GULFSTREAM.. REPLACED COTTER PINS (2) WITH P/N MS9245-22 NO S/N. 
REFERENCE PACKING SLIP WITH ENTERPRISE TRANSFER NUMBER 
000666612 DATED 03/18(2016 FROM GULFSTREAM. REPLACED PACKING P/N 
MS28775-383 NO SM. REFERENCE PACKING SLIP WITH ENTERPRISE 
TRANSFER NUMBER 000334467 DATED 10(1912011 FROM GULFSTREAM. 
REMOVED CORRODED FLANGE WITH P/N 5004909 SIN JUL-91-249. 
INSTALLED NEW FLANGE WITH P/N 5004909 S/N S-JAN07-134. REFERENCE 
FAA FORM 8130-3 WITH FORM TRACKING NUMBER 20070202050602 FROM 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORPORATION APPROVAL/AUTHORIZATION 
NO: ODARFI00127CE DATED FEB 02,2007. REMOVED WORN TIRE 34X925-16 
WITH P/N 348F83-2 S/N 31762073. INSTALLED NEW TIRE 34X9.25-16 WITH P/N 
.118F83-2 SIN 60971719. REFERENCE FAA FORM 8130-3 WITH FORM TRACKING 
NUMBER 57783052-001 FROM GOODYEAR TIRE AND RUBBER CO. 
APPROVAIJAUTHORIZATION NO: DARF510258CE DATED APFU2U2006. 
REMOVED CORRODED FIANCE RETAINING RING P/N 5012120 NO S/N. 
INSTALLED NEW FLANGE RETAINING RING P/N 5012120 NO S/N. REFERENCE 
CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE DATED MAY 19, 2007 FROM AIRCRAFT 
BRAKING SYSTEMS CORPORATION, CERTIFICATE NO.80446289-10. ALL 
WORK DONE IAN' GIV AMM 32-42-00. FORWARDED PAPERWORK TO 
INSPECTION FOR ISSUANCE OF FAA FORM 8130-3. 
IVHEELASSEhIBLY P/N: 5008447-3, SERIAL NUMBER IS NOW: 
JUL.-91-249/S-JAN07-131 
$7.80 
$5,829.88 
$16.05 
$119.13 
$1,402.84 
Discrepancy: 1.24 
WHILE C/W 02 BRAKE CHANGE IT WAS NOTED THAT LH BRAKES WOULD ONLY REACH 1200 
PSI(SHOULD BE 2750-3000 PSI) 
Resolution: WHILE TROUBLESHOOTING LAI BRAKE ISSUE SWAPPED THE Lill BRAKE PRESSURE TRANSMITTER 
P/N:1159SCH240-7, S.01:HAL0188, WITH THE R/H PRESSURE TRANSMITTER PIN:1159SCH240-5,SIN:4723-1-229 
AND FOUND THAT THE ISSUE FOLLOWED THE 1/11 TRANSMITTER. SWAPPED TRANSMITTERS BACK. 
REMOVED MALFUNCTIONING IJII BRAKE PRESSURE TRANSMITTER P/N:1159SCH240-7,S/N:HAL0H38. 
INSTALLED INSPECTED BRAKE PRESSURE TRANSMITTER P/N:1159SCH240-7, S/N:HAL1654. PART 
RECEIVED FROM AUXITROL SA, CERTIFICATE NUMBER: FR.145.023. REFERENCE ELSA FORM I WITH 
FORM TRACKING NUMBER:201354009, DATED 29.NOV.2013. ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV CMP 324145 BRAKE 
PRESSURE TRANSMITTER (LEFT) - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION. OPS AND LEAK CHECK GOOD. 
PERFORMED GIV CMPS 324125, 324126, & 324127 LEFT, RIGHT & EMERGENCY BRAKE BLEED SERVICE 
Labor USD: 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Time and Material 
Time and Material 
Time and Material 
ST 
OT 
Rate 
Total 
5.12 
O 
$132.00 
1.00 
@ 
$198.00 
For detail description of the work complied will, see the Work Order Detail report. 
$675.84 
$198.00 
$0.78 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 9 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 II:35:41AM 
Itc.322 
EFTA00590804
--- PAGE 10 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO tl: 
Invoice Number. 
Total USD: 
$874.62 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Pan nuniber. 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
1.24 41 
1159SCH240-7 
TRANSDUCER. PRESSURE. 
I 
$0.00 
$0.00 
HYDRAULIC 
1.2412 
NASI612-4A 
SEAL. 0.250 INCH OD TUBING 
I 
$0.18 
$0.78 
Item: 5 
TECHNICAL BULLETIN'S (ASC,CB,ACB,AD,SB) 
Team Manager. 
Charles Ilelwig 
Customer Coordinator: 
Many Cicala 
Pari/Model 
AC Serial No/Tit No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 5.1 
CMP GIV 982270 CB 227 OXYGEN (ATA 35), REPLACEMENT - OXYGEN SYSTEM FLEXIBLE HOSES, PN 
02C20T1 
THIS CUSTOMER BULLETIN (CB 227) ISA ONE-TIME ACTION TO REPLACE ALL EXISTING PART 
NUMBER 02C20T1 OXYGEN SYSTEM FLEXIBLE HOSES WITH PART NUMBER 37009 OXYGEN 
SYSTEM FLEXIBLE HOSES. 
EFFECTIVITY: AIRCRAFT SERIAL NUMBERS 1000 THROUGH 1499. 
NOTES: 
ESTIMATED LABOR INCLUDES ACCESS TO THE AFFECTED OXYGEN SYSTEM DROPDOWN BOX 
FLEXIBLE HOSES. THIS INCLUDES ACCESS TO OXYGEN DROP-DOWN BOXES LOCATED IN 
PERSONAL SERVICES UNITS (PSUS), AS WELL AS REMOVAL AND REINSTALLATION OF 
HEADLINERS IN THE VESTIBULE, FORWARD GALLEY, FORWARD LAVATORY, CREW REST, AFT 
GALLEY, OR AFT LAVATORY AS NECESSARY, AND INCLUDES ACCESS TO THE THERAPEUTIC 
OXYGEN SYSTEM. 
THE QUOTED PRICE DOES NOT INCLUDE REMOVAL OF ANY CABINETRY, CABIN FURNITURE OR 
CABIN COMPARTMENT DIVIDERS. 
RE: PROPOSAL,/ 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
For detail description of the work complied wilh see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 20I I 
Page 10 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590805
--- PAGE 11 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO 4: 
Invoice Number: 
Discrepancy: 5.2 
CMP GIV 982321 CB 232A - MODIFICATION - AIRCRAFT MAIN BATTERY CHARGERS 
THIS CUSTOMER BULLETIN (CB 232A) IS A ONE-TIME ACTION TO INCORPORATE ELDEC SERVICE 
BULLETIN 8-842-24-02. 
EFFECTIVITY: ALL GIV AIRCRAFT HAVING PART NUMBER 1159SCAV520 SERIES BATTERY 
CHARGERS 
NOTES: 
THIS CUSTOMER BULLETIN IS A MANAGED PROGRAM AND MUST BE ACCOMPLISHED AT A 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE AUTHORIZED FACILITY. THIS CUSTOMER BULLETIN MUST BE 
COORDINATED THROUGH THE GULFSTREAM PROGRAM OFFICE VIA EMAIL AT 
OR BY CALLING GULFSTREASI SCHEDULING AT 800-810-GULF 
(4853), OR 
IF NOT SCHEDULED, DOWN TIMES COULD INCREASE SIGNIFICANTLY. 
11595CAV520-5 BATTERY CHARGERS WITHIN (SPARES WARRANTY) WILL BE MODIFIED FREE OF 
CHARGE TO 1159SB57520-11 OR MAY BE REPLACED WITH 1159SCAV520-7. OPERATORS CHOOSING 
TO REPLACE THE 1159SCAV520-5 WITH 1159SCAV520-7 WILL INCUR ADDITIONAL COSTS. 
MATERIALS WILL BE BILLED, AS REQUIRED. 
RE: PROPOSAL,/ 
*" NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS AIRCRAFT PER EQUIPMENT INSTALLED *** 
Resolution: CUSTOMER ELECTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 53 
CMP GIV 982350 CB 235 - REPLACEMENT - MAIN LANDING GEAR DOOR ACTUATOR END CAP - LIFE 
LIMIT 
THIS CUSTOMER BULLETIN IS A ONE-TIME ACTION TO REPLACE ALL MAIN LANDING GEAR DOOR 
ACTUATORS THAT HAVE BEEN IDENTIFIED PER CB 234 AS HAVING 9,500 CYCLES SINCE NEW (CSN) 
OR GREATER AND ALL MAIN LANDING GEAR DOOR ACTUATORS FOR WHICH CSN CANNOT BE 
DETERMINED. 
EFFECTIVITY: ALL GIV AIRCRAFT 
COMPLIANCE: COMPLIANCE WITH THIS CUSTOMER BULLETIN IS REQUIRED WITHIN TWELVE 
(12) MONTHS FROM THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF 01 JULY 2015. 
NOTES: 
.1 CONTACT GULFSTREAM REPAIR CONTROL AT 
OR • 
OPTION 1, THEN OPTION 3 FOR ACTUATOR RENTAL/ EXCHANGE AVAILABILITY AND 
REPAIR SCHEDULE PRIOR TO REMOVING ACTUATOR(S) FROM THE AIRCRAFT. 
THIS CUSTOMER BULLETIN IS A MANAGED PROGRAM AND MUST BE SCHEDULED THROUGH 
GULFSTREAM REPAIR CONTROL. GULFSTREAM WILL MANAGE A LIMITED COMPONENT RENTAL 
/ EXCHANGE POOL. OPERATORS PERFORMING THIS CUSTOMER BULLETIN MAY ELECT TO 
UTILIZE THE RENTAL/ EXCHANGE POOL WHILE THE END CAPS ON THEIR ORIGINAL 
COMPONENTS ARE REPLACED. DUE TO A LIMITED AVAILABILITY OF ASSETS, FAILURE TO 
SCHEDULE COULD RESULT IN SIGNIFICANTLY INCREASED DOWNTIME. 
RE: PROPOSAL,/ 
)-2S 
*** LABOR ONLY 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
For detail description or the work complied wilh see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page II of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590806
--- PAGE 12 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: 
Invoice Number. 
Item: 6 
AVIONICS 
Team Manager. 
Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator. 
Vinny Cicala 
Pan/Model a: 
AC Serial 
No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 6.1 
CUSTOMER REPORTS #1 TRANSPONDER LOOSES ATC ALTITUDE READ OUT AFTER ONE HOUR. 
Resolution: UNSEATED ATC NO.1 PN: 622-9210409 SN: 2376. PERFORMED VISUAL INSPECTION OF BOTH RACK AND 
COMPONENT INSURING NO BENT OR PUSH PINS ARE PRESENT. CLEANED CONTACTORS AND RESEATED 
ATC NO.1 PN: 622-9210-409 SN: 2376. GAINED ACCESS TO AND DISCONNECTED INTERCONNECT FOR ATC 
NO.1 AND FOUND MALE PINS S AND T TO BE BENT AND MAKING LIMITED CONTACT WITH FEMALE PINS 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH WIRING DIAGRAM 1159SB4148I, GIV AMM 34-02-04 AND GIV WIRING DIAGRAM 
34-55-00. REMOVED ATC NO.2 P/N:622-9210-409 S/N: 1G8M. UNSECURED ATC RACKS TO FASCILITATE 
MAINTENANCE. REMOVED ATC NO.1 DISCONNECT CONNECTORS P/N: NtS3120F22-55P SN: UNK AND P/N: 
MS3I26F22-55S SN: UNK. INSTALLED NEW CONNECTORS P/N: N1S3120F22-55P SN: UNK AND P/N: 
MS3126F22-5SS SN: UNK. RECEIVED P/N: NIS3120F22-55P FROM ELECTRO ENTERPRISE REFERENCE 
CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE ON PACKSLIP NO: 1779462 DATED 03/14/2016. RECEIVED 
P/N:MS3126F22-55S FROM ELECTRO ENTERPRISES REFERENCE CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE WITH 
INVOICE NO: 1156087 DATED 05/25/11. PERFORMED WIRING RING OUT CHECK OF ATC NO.1 
TRANSPONDER LAW WESTERN COMMANDER WIRING DWG NO:08069197 FOUND GOOD. REINSTALLED 
SERVICABLE ATC NO.1 PN: 622-9210-409 SN: 2376 AND SERVICEABLE ATC NO.2 P/N:622-9210-409 S/N: IG8N1 
AND PERFORMED ATC FUNCTIONAL CIIECKS IN ACCORDANCE WITH GIV AMM 34-02-04. NOTED NO 
FURTHER ISSUES AT THIS TIME SEE STEPS FOR DETAILS. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Time and Material 
Time and Material 
Part number: 
ST 
39.91 
iD 
$132.00 
Description 
$5,268.12 
$211.08 
Extended USD 
Quantity 
$5.479.20 
Sell price USD 
6.1 al 
NIS31201122-5SP 
CONNECTOR 
$95.68 
$95.68 
6.112 
NIS31261122-5SS 
CONNECTOR 
I 
$115.36 
$85.36 
6.1 #3 
686DM5 
SLEEVE. BRAIDED 1/2 BLACK 
$3.92 
$7.84 
EXPAND() 
6.1 #4 
SPT.S0 
SPIRAL WRAP TEFLON 1/2" 
$3.30 
$6.60 
NATURAL 
6.1 #5 
TY2.551 
TYRAP, WHITE 
$0.78 
$7.80 
6.1 #6 
TY242M 
TIE, CABLE; NYLON 8.19 IN.; 0.14 
$0.78 
$7.80 
IN.; 30 LB. TENSILE STRENGTH 
For detail description of the work complied wilh see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 12 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd 322 
EFTA00590807
--- PAGE 13 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO 8: 
Invoice Number: 
Step: 6.1.1 
Completed 
APPLIED POWER TO AIRCRAFT. MONITORED ALTITUDE REPORTING ON 
BOTH ATC TRANSPONDERS USING ATC 600 TEST SET FOUND GOOD. LET IT 
RUN FOR A LONG TIME, WHILE PERFORMING ASCB BUS SWEEP (REF. 
SQUAWK 6.5), FOUND GOOD AT THLS TIME. WORK WAS DONE REFERENCE 
CIV A.,M.M. 34-02-04. 
Step: 6.11 
Completed 
UNSEATED ATC NO.1 PN: 622-9210-409 SN: 2376. PERFORMED VISUAL 
INSPECTION OF BOTH RACK AND COMPONENT INSURING NO BENT OR 
PUSH PINS ARE PRESENT. CLEANED CONTACTORS AND RFSEATED ATC 
NO.1 PN: 622-9210-409 SN: 2376. GAINED ACCESS TO AND DISCONNECTED 
INTERCONNECT FOR ATC NO.1 AND FOUND MALE PINS S AND T TO BE BENT 
AND MAKING LIMITED CONTACT WITH FEMALE PINS. STRAIGHTENED 
PINS AND RECONNECTED DISCONNECT. APPLIED POWER TO AIRCRAFT 
AND PERFORMED MULTIPLE CHECKS OF ATC SYSTEM USING IFR 6000. 
NOTED NO OCCURENCF:S OF TRANSPONDER FAILING TO REPORT 
ALTITUDE. ALL WORK PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GIV AMM 
.14-0244 AND WIRING DIAGRAM 1159SB41481. 
Step: 6.13 
Completed 
STEP ENTERED IN ERROR 
Step: 6.1.4 
Completed 
CONDUCTED RESEARCH TO FIND PART NUMBER FOR ATC TRANSPONDER 
INTERCONNECT CANNON PLUG PART NO. PART NUMBER FOR RECEPTACLE 
LS M.S3120F22-55P PART NUMBER FOR PLUG IS MS3126F122-55S. REFERENCE 
WESTERN COMMANDER DRAWING NO. 08069197, TITLED NO. 1 
TRANSPONDER (MOD) NO REV, DATED 5/12/89. THIS CONNECTOR CONTAINS 
VARIOUS 429 DATA INPUTS/OUTPUTS. FOR CONTROL AND TUNING. 
SUPPRESSION SIGNALS AND TCAS INTERFACE. AND POWER. ALL WORK 
PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE WITH WESTERN COMMANDER DRAWING 
NO. 08069197, TITLED NO. I TRANSPONDER (MOD) NO REV, DATED 5/12/89 
Step: 6.1.5 
Completed 
REMOVED ATC NO2 P/N:622-9210-409 S/N: IG8M. UNSECURED ATC RACKS 
TO FASCILITATE MAINTENANCE. REMOVED ATC NO.1 DISCONNECT 
CONNECTORS P/N: MS3120F22-55P SN: UNK AND P/N: MS3126F22-55S SN: UNK. 
INSTALLED NEW CONNECTORS P/N: M.S3120F7.2-55P SN: UNK AND P/N: 
RIS3126F27.-55S SN: UNK. RECEIVED P/N: fILS3120F'22-55P FROM ELECTRO 
ENTERPRISE REFERENCE CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE ON PACKSLIP 
NO: 1779462 DATED 03/14/2016. RECEIVED P/N:NIS3126F22-55S FROM 
ELECTRO ENTERPRISES REFERENCE CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE 
WITH INVOICE NO: 1156087 DATED 05/25/11. ALL WORK PERFORMED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH WIRING DIAGRAM 115981141481, GIV AMM 34-02-04 AND 
GIV WIRING DIAGRAM 34-55-00. 
Step: 6.1.6 
Completed 
PERFORMED WIRING RING OUT CHECK OFATC NO.1 TRANSPONDER IAW 
WESTERN COMMANDER WIRING DWG NO:08069197 FOUND GOOD. 
Discrepancy: 6.2 
CUSTOMER REQUEST TO EXCHANGE THE 82 COM STICKY COM SELECTOR TO CHANGE 
FREQUENCY. 
Resolution: APPLIED POWER AIRCRAFT, CHECKED OPERATION OF NO. 2 RADIO TUNING UNIT (RTU), SQUAWK 
CONFIRMED, FOUND LINE SELECT KEY (1R) IS INTERMITTENT (STICKY) TO CHANGE FREQUENCY. 
REMOVED RTU NO:2 P/N:822-0836-035 S/N: 267 FOR REPAIR. RECEIVED OK TO INSTALL AND INSTALLED 
REPAIRED RTU NO:2 P/N:822-0836-035 S/N: 267 IN ACCORDANCE WITH GIV CMP232336. RECEIVED UNIT 
FROM ROCKWELL COLLINS REFERENCE 8130-3 WITH FORM TRACKING NO: /05121875 WORK ORDER: 
WEP016-01211 CERT: ED7Y210Y DATED 16hIAR2016. PERFORMED VHF COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEM -
OPERATIONAL CHECK IN ACCORDANCE WITH CIV AMM 23-01-00,MARKER BEACON SYSTEM -
OPERATIONAL CHECK IN ACCORDANCE WITH GIV AMM 34-02-02, NAVIGATION / DISTANCE MEASURING 
EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS - OPERATIONAL CHECK IN ACCORDANCE WITH GIV AMM 34-02-02, AUTOMATIC 
DIRECTION FINDING SYSTEM - OPERATIONAL CHECK IN ACCORDANCE WITH GIV ANEW 34-02-03, 
ELECTRIC POWER MONITOR PANEL LIGHT EMITTING DIODE - REPLACEMENT, IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
GIV ANEW 24-03-02 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
7.48 
@ 
$132.00 
5987.36 
Services USD: 
Time and Material 
51,500.00 
Total USD: 
52,487.36 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 13 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 II:35:41AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590808
--- PAGE 14 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Services: 
WO N: 
Invoice Number. 
Ref. No. 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
6.2411 
GAC REPAIRS 
1.00 
$1,500.00 
$1,500.00 
Step: 6.2.1 
Completed 
APPLIED POWER AIRCRAFT, CHECKED OPERATION OF NO.2 RADIO 
TUNING UNIT (RTU), SQUAWK CONFIRMED, FOUND LINE SELECT KEY (IR) 
LS INTERMITTENT (STICKY) TO CHANGE FREQUENCY. 
NEED TO REPLACED OR SEND FOR REPAIR REV NO.2. 
Discrepancy: 63 
CUSTOMER REPORTS TIIE #2 HF RADIO WILL NOT TUNE ("Cr' AND "RT" LIGHT ILLUMINATES). 
Resolution: NO.2 HF SYSTEM WITH "CP" LIGHT ILLUMINATED AND WITH FAULT 08 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.48 
Q 
$132.00 
$59136 
Total USD: 
$591.36 
Step: 6.3.1 
Step: 6.3.2 
Completed 
APPLIED POWER TO AIRCRAFT, PERFORMED HF NO. I AND NO.2 SYSTEM 
OPERATIONAL TEST, FOUND NO.2 HF SYSTEM WITH "Cr' LIGHT 
ILLUMINATED AND WITH FAULT 08. ASKED CUSTOMER ABOUT THE HF 
SQUAWK DUE TO HFSYSTEM NO. 1 15 THE ONE FAILED ON THE ITEM. PER 
CUSTOMER, HE IS NOT SURE WHAT SYSTEM IS FAILING. GAIN ACCESS ON 
TAIL COMPARTMENT, VLSUALLY INSPECTED THE HF COUPLERS AND HF 
TRANSCEIVERS, FOUND THE RF COAX CONNECTOR ON HF COUPLER NO.2 
IS LOO-SE. SECURED COAX CONNECTOR ON HF COUPLER NO.2. 
PERFORMED HIGH FREQUENCY COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS NO. 1 AND 
NO.2 - OPERATIONALTEST, CHECKED GOOD ON BOTH SYTEM. WORK 
DONE IAW GULFSTREAM GIV MM ATA 23-03-00. 
Completed 
USING 0-15 PSIG PRESSURE GAUGE, CHECKED THE PRESSURE IN BOTH NO. 
I AND NO.2 HF COUPLERS. NO. 1 COUPLER WAS AT 7 PSI AND NO.2 
COUPLER WAS AT APPX. 6.75 PSI. BOTH OF THESE READINGS ARE WITHIN 
ALLOWABLE PRESSURES AS PER GIVI=. 
23-0340. HIGH FREQUENCY 
COMMUNICATION COUPLER - SERVICING. 
Discrepancy: 6.4 
CUSTOMER REPORTS THE FMS SELECTOR SWITCH NEEDS TO BE CHANGED (1/2 FMS SELECTOR 
ON CENTER PEDESTAL). 
Resolution: CONFIRMED CENTER FMS SELECTOR WILL ONLY BRIEFLY ILLUMINATE 1/2 FMS. REMOVED AND 
CAPSULE AND REMOVED 4 EA. DEFECTIVE LAMPS P/N OL-3335, NO SERIAL NOS. REPLACED WITH 4 EA 
NEW LAMPS P/N: OL-3335 FROM GAC WESTFIELD STOCK. PERFORMED OPERATIONAL CHECK OF 
SWITCHES IN ACCORDANCE WITH GIV AMM 33-01.00 ANNUNCIATOR LIGHT - OPERATIONAL TEST, WITH 
NO DISCREPANCIES. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
6.71 
@ 
$132.00 
$885.72 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$360.50 
Total USD: 
$1,246.22 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
6.4411 
OL3335 
LAMP 
$5.15 
$20.60 
6.402 
P9.212 
SWITCH 
$339.90 
$339.90 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 20I I 
Page 14 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 II:35:41AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590809
--- PAGE 15 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Step: 6.4.1 
Step: 6.4.2 
WO If: 
Invoice Number. 
Completed 
GAINED ACCES TO THE FMS SELECTOR SWITCH (1/2 FMS) ON PEDESTAL 
REMOVED DEFECTIVE SWITCH (1./2 FhIS) P/N: 99-212 FROM ASSEMBLY. 
RECEIVED OK TO INSTALL AND INSTALLED A NEW SWITCH P/N: 99-212 
THAT WAS RECEIVED FROM GAC-SAVANNAH WITH SHIPMENT NO.: 
SASH316-3O02, ENTERPRISE TRANSFER NO.: 000663760, DATED 03/08/2016 TO 
THE ( 1/2 FMS) SWITCH POSITION ON ASSEMBLY. SECURED SWITCH 
ASSEMBLY TO PEDESTAL. WORK WAS DONE WITH REFERENCE TO THE 
JET CENTER DRAWING NO. 08069100, TITLED NO. 3 FMS, DATED 3-1148. 
Completed 
PERFORMED OPERATIONAL CHECK IN ACCORDANCE WITH GIV AMM 
33-01-00 ANNUNCIATOR LIGHTS - OPERATIONAL TEST, WITH NO 
DISCREPANCIES. 
Discrepancy: 6.5 
CUSTOMER REQUESTS ASCB SWEEP 
Resolution: PERFORMED ASCB BUS SWEEP IAW GI V=. 
31-02-00. FOUND THAT THERE WERE NUMEROUS BUS 
COUPLER CONNECTIONS THAT REQUIRED CLEANING (NOTICED SIGNAL FLUCTUATION ON 
OSCILLOSCOPE). CLEANED BUS COUPLER CONNECTIONS AS REQUIRED AND SECURED ALL 
CONNECTIONS. PERFORMED OPS CHECK AND FINAL ASCB BUS SWEEP IN ACCORDANCE WITH GIV AMM 
31-02-00 AVIONICS STANDARD COMMUNICATION BUS - FAULT ISOLATION WITH NO DISCREPANCIES. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
13.00 
(0) 
$132.00 
$1.716.00 
Total USD: 
S 1.716.00 
Step: 6.5.1 
Completed 
PERF'ORMED ASCB BUS SWEEP IAW GIVI=. 
31-02-00. FOUND THAT 
THERE WERE NUMEROUS BUS COUPLER CONNECTIONS THAT REQUIRED 
CLEANING (NOTICED SIGNAL FLUCTUATION ON OSCILLOSCOPE). 
CLEANED BUS COUPLER CONNECTIONS AS REQUIRED AND SECURED ALL 
CONNECTIONS. CHECKED ASCB BUS CHANNELS A AND B, FOUND GOOD AT 
THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 6.6 
WHILE PERFORMING SPZ-8000 GND MAINTENANCE TEST AFTER PERFORMING ASCB BUS SWEEP 
FOUND FMS #1 WOULD NOT GO TO TEST MODE 
Resolution: REMOVED NAV COMPUTER #1 PIN 7018879-03014 S/N 95120669. RECEIVED OK AND INSTALLED REPAIRED 
NAV COMPUTER #1 P/N 7018879-03014 S/N 94100105 RECEIVED FROM HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC 
REFERENCE FAA FORM 8130-3 FORM TRACKING NUMBER 20160001363710Y15 323857863; WORK ORDER 
321642311; APPROVAL CERT LV2R992K; DATED 16 FEB 2016. OPERATIONAL CHECK GOOD. WORK 
PERFORMED IAW GULFSTREAM GIV CMP 349800 FLIGHT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM NO. 1 OPERATIONAL 
CHECK AND GULFSTREAM GIV CMP 346015 FMS NAVIGATION COMPUTER NO. 1 REMOVAL/ 
INSTALLATION. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD. 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.02 
C4 
$132.00 
S530.64 
Total USD: 
8530.64 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
6.682 
7018879-03014 
COMPUTER, NAVIGATION 
$0.00 
50,00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 15 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 11:35:41AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590810
--- PAGE 16 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO 9: 
Invoice Number: 
Discrepancy: 6.7 
Resolution: 
WHILE PERFORMING SPZ-8000 GND MAINTENANCE TEST NOTICED THAT THE LEFT FUEL LOW 
LEVEL INDICATION STAYS WHITE IN ECIAS AND NO LIGHT ON STANDBY FUEL INDICATION WITH 
ZERO FUEL ON WING. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
12.98 
@ 
$132.00 
$1,713.36 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$4,737.00 
Total USD: 
56,450.36 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
6.7 Al 
1159SCF215-33 
CONTROL UNIT, FUEL, LOW LEVEL 
$4,737.00 
$4,737.00 
Step: 6.7.1 
Step: 6.7.2 
Step: 6.73 
Completed 
PERFORMED RESISTANCE CHECK OFTHE LEFT WING LOW LEVEL SENSOR 
AND FOUND THAT IT WAS WITHIN LIMITS. WITH BOTH EICAS AND 
STANDBY FUEL QUANTITY INDICATOR SHOWING NO LOW LEVEL 
WARNING, WITH ZERO FUEL ON THE LEFT WING. AT CONNECTOR 15A1P1, 
SWAPPED PINS C (CLOSE DRY LEFT SIGNAL) WITH PIN D (CLOSE DRY 
RIGHT SIGNAL), AND THE PROBLEM FOLLOWED. SWAPPED BOTH PLNS 
BACK TO THEIR ORIGINAL POSITIONS. CONFIRMED BAD FUEL LOW LEVEL 
DUAL CONTROL UNIT. ALL WORK WAS DONE WITH REFERENCE TO GIV 
28-07-00. 
Completed 
REMOVED FUEL QUANTITY DUAL LOW LEVEL CONTROL UNIT P/N: 
1159SCF'215-33, S/N: 567 FROM THEAIRCRAFT. RECEIVED OK TO INSTALL 
AND INSTALLED A REPAIRED FUEL QUANTITY DUAL LOW LEVEL CONTROL 
UNIT P/N: 1159SCF215-33, S/N: 690 THAT WAS RECEIVED FROM PARKER 
HANNIFIN CORP., ELECTRONICS SYSTEMS DIV. WITH FAA 8130-3 FORM 
TRACKING NO.: 9E5210. APPROVAL/CERTIFICATE NO.: FX1R1561C. DATED 
AUG/23/2010 TO THE AIRCRAFT. APPLIED POWER TO THE AIRCRAFT AND 
FOUND THAT THE LEFT, RIGHT, AND TOTAL FUEL LEVEL INDICATION WAS 
AMBER ON EICAS, ALSO THERE WAS LIGHT, (LEFT AND RIGHT) ON 
STANDBY FUEL INDICATOR. WORK WAS DONE IAW GIV CMP 284020, FUEL 
QUANTITY DUAL LOW LEVEL CONTROL UNIT - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION. 
Open 
NEED TO COMPLY WITH GIV CMP 284029. FUEL LOW LEVEL WARNING 
SYSTEM - OPERATIONAL TEST. 
Discrepancy: 6.8 
DURING C/W CMP GIV 541019 PYLON INTERNAL (LEFT) - INSPECTION FOUND PRECOOLER INLET 
TEMPERATURE SENSOR CANNON PLUG TO HAVE BROKEN WIRE 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
8.14 
@ 
$132.00 
$1,074.48 
Total USD: 
$1,074.48 
Parts: 
Rel. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Qu.intit) 
:icll prikc USD 
Extended USD 
6.8 Al 
NIS3106F12S-3S 
CONNECTOR 
$0.00 
$0.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 20I I 
Page 16 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 II:35:41AM 
Rd 322 
EFTA00590811
--- PAGE 17 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Invoice Number: 
Step: 6.8.1 
Completed 
REMOVED AND REPLACED CONNECTOR LEFT ENGINE PYLON TEMP 
SENSOR P/N MS3106F12S-35 NEW FROM ELECTRO ENTERPRISES INC .. 
WITH CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE, PACK SLIP NO. 1781911 DATED 
MAR 18.2016. WORK DONE IAW WESTERN COMMANDER , INC. WIRING 
DIAGRAM NO. 08030131 - BLEED AIR CONTROL MONITOR. DATED 2/10189. 
Step: 6.8.2 
Open 
NEED OPERATIONAL TEST 
Discrepancy: 6.9 
DURING AIRCRAFT POWER "ON", FOUND DC VOLTS ON ELECTRICAL POWER MONITOR TO READ 
8.2 VOLTS WHEN SWITCH IS SET TO "AUX" 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.67 
Cd 
$132.00 
$616.44 
Total USD: 
$616.44 
Item: 7 
INTERIOR 
Team Manager. 
Charles Heinig 
Customer Coordinator: 
Vinny Cicala 
Part/Model 8: 
AC Serial No./Tail No.: 
TSNITSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 7.1 
Resolution: 
TO PROVIDE DOCUMENTATION OF REMOVED/REINSTALLED INTERIOR COMPONENTS ONLY. 
Discrepancy: 7.2 
Resolution: 
CUSTOMER REPORTS THE COPILOTS AIR VENT IS INOP AND BROKEN. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
6.75 
C4 
$132.00 
$891.00 
Total USD: 
$891.00 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
7.2 NI 
2100136-1-10 
TRANSDUCER, CABIN AIR 
$0.00 
S0.00 
PRESSURE 
7.2 82 
P2333ES-QT 
PAINT, GLOSS BLACK QUART 
$0.00 
S0.00 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GACJANkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 17 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 II:35:41AM 
Rd 322 
EFTA00590812
--- PAGE 18 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO N: 
Invoice Number: 
Step: 7.2.1 
Completed 
FOUND AIRVENT BROKEN . ORDERED NEW AIR OUTLET P/N 1747-2 NSN. 
RECIEVED AND INSTALLED NEW AIR OUTLET P/N 1747-2. REFERENCE PART 
OR MATERIAL CERTIFICATION FORM REFERENCE/SO0 726461 DATED 
3/14/2016 
Step: 7.21 
Open 
COPILOTS AIR VENT REQUIRES OPS CHECK DURING A/C RUNS. 
Discrepancy: 73 
Resolution: 
CUSTOMER REPORTS THE CAPTAIN'S AIR-VENT IS BROKEN. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.66 
42) 
$132.00 
$483.12 
Total USD: 
$483.12 
Step: 7.3.1 
Step: 7.3.2 
Completed 
FOUND AIRVENT BROKEN . ORDERED NEW AIR OUTLET P/N 1747-2 NSN, 
RECIEVED AND INSTALLED NEW AIR OUTLET P/N 1747-2. REFERENCE PART 
OR MATERIAL CERTIFICATION FORM . REFERENCE/SOS 726461 DATED 
3114/2016 
Open 
PILOTS AIR VENT REQUIRES OPS CHECK DURING A/C RUNS. 
Discrepancy: 7A 
Resolution: 
Labor USD: 
CUSTOMER REPORTS THE AIR VENT IN FWD LAV IS INOP. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
5.28 
@ 
$132.00 
$696.96 
Total USD: 
$696.96 
Discrepancy: 7.5 
CUSTOMER REPORTS THE FWD LEFT SIDE WINDOW SHADE IS INOP (MOTOR CHANGE). 
Resolution: GAINED ACCESS TO THE IJI1 #1 CABIN WINDOW SHADE BY REMOVING LAI #3 DADO PANEL, UN #2 
CUPRAILSPEAKERS, LAI #1 DECO PANEL. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
10.65 
42) 
$132.00 
$1,405.80 
Services USD: 
Time and Material 
$1,776.25 
Total USD: 
$3,182.05 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
75#1 
GAC REPAIRS 
1.00 
$1,776.25 
$1,776.25 
Part Ref: LISA-005-013-19-P-ANN cabin window shade 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 20I I 
Page 18 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd 332 
EFTA00590813
--- PAGE 19 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 7.6 
CUSTOMER REPORTS THAT THE COPILOT'S WINDOW SHADE NEEDS NEW TINT INSTALLED. 
GULFSTREAM PBI WARRANTY CONSIDERATION 
Resolution: 
Labor USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
5.57 
$132.00 
$735.24 
Total USD: 
$735.24 
Discrepancy: 7.7 
CUSTOMER REQUEST TO CHECK ALL OVERHEAD LIGHTS AND GLARE SHIELD LIGHTS FOR 
PROPER OPERATION (SOME AREAS ARE DARK, BY BOOST PUMPS, AND TRIM WHEEL). 
Resolution: CUSTOMER ELECTS NO ACTION TAKEN AT THIS TIME 
Discrepancy: 7.8 
CUSTOMER REQUEST TO INSTALL NEW RUBBER SEALS DUE TO WATER LEAK IN REAR 5 GALLON 
TANKS. 
Resolution: VERIFIED WATER LEAKING FROM 81 AND 82 WATER TANK CAPS, REMOVED LEAKING SEALS FROM MI 
AND 42 TANK CAPS AND INSTALLED NEW SEALS, P/N 36082. RECEIVED FROM DYNAMO AVIATION INC. 
REFERENCE COC 8 16624 DATED FEB-18-2013. FILLED WATER TANKS AND FOUND NO LEAKS FROM CAP 
SEALS. WORK PERFORMED IAW GIV GAC DWG SC42716008 
REMOVED SIX LEAKING O-RINGS FROM THE QUICK DISCONNECTS ON THREE 5 GALLON WATER TANKS, 
INSTALLED SIX NEW O-RINGS P/N 902-9-292 NSN. ON THE QUICK DISCONNECTS ON THREE 5 GALLON 
WATER TANKS. PARTS RECEIVED FROM SELL GMBH REFERENCE EASA FORM 1 WITH TRACKING ft SP 
2012 0080340818 AND W.O 80004151514 DATED 17 OCT 2012. LEAK CHECKED WITH NO DEFECTS NOTED. 
WORK PERFORMED IAW GIV GAC DWG SC42716008. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$181.26 
Total USD: 
$181.26 
Pans: 
Rd. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
7.881 
36082 
ORING 
$53.50 
$107.00 
7.882 
902-9-292 
ORING 
$3.46 
$20.76 
7.883 
36082 
ORING 
$53.50 
$53.50 
For detail description of the work complied wilh see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoicc.rm 2011 
Page 19 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 II:35:41AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590814
--- PAGE 20 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: 
Invoice Number. 
Step: 7.8.1 
Completed 
VERIFIED WATER LEAKING FROM #1 AND #2 WATER TANK CAPS, REMOVED 
LEAKING SEALS FROM #1 AND #2 TANK CAPS AND INSTALLED NEW SEALS, 
P/N 36082. RECEIVED FROM DYNAMO AVIATION INC. 
REFERENCE COC # 16624 DATED FEB-18-20B. FILLED WATER TANKS AND 
FOUND NO LEAKS FROM CAP SEALS. WORK PERFORMED lAW GIV GAC 
DWG SC42716008 
Step: 7.8.2 
Completed 
REMOVED SIX LEAKING O-RINGS FROM THE QUICK DISCONNECTS ON 
THREE 5 GALLON WATER TANKS, INSTALLED SIX NEW O-RINGS P/N 
902-9-292 NSN. ON THE QUICK DISCONNECTS ON THREE 5 GALLON WATER 
TANKS. LEAK CHECKED WITH NO DEFECTS NOTED. WORK PERFORMED 
lAW GIV GAC DWG SC42716008. 
Discrepancy: 7.9 
UPON REMOVAL OF CARPET IN AFT LAVATORY FOUND CARPET WET, SOAKED WITH WHAT SEEMS 
TO BE TOILET WATER. 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.87 
491 
$132.00 
$114.84 
Services USD: 
Time and Material 
$62.50 
Total USD: 
$177.34 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
7.9 Al 
AIRCRAFT CLEANING 
1.00 
$6250 
$62.50 
Step: 7.9.1 
Open 
PERFORMED VISUAL INSPECTION OF AFT LAV TOILET A.SSY. NO EVIDENCE 
OF BLUE STAINING ON UPPER PORTION OF TANK AROUND LINE 
CONNECTIONS. DUMPED An' LAV TANK AND SERVICED WITH 5 GALLONS 
OF WATER. FLUSHED TOILET A TOTAL OF TWELVE CYCLES WITH NO 
LEAKS NOTED. 
Step: 7.9.2 
Open 
REMOVED DRAIN TUBE FROM LAV AKSY AND COUPLER IN LAV SERVICE 
PANEL 
Item: 
ADMINISTRATIVE USE ONLY, NO RETURN TO SERVICE REQUIRED 
Team Manager. 
Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: 
Vinny Cicala 
Pan/Model 4: 
AC Serial No./Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 9.1 
Resolution: 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
SQUAWK ENTERED FOR ADMINISTRATIVE USE TO PROCESS PARTS FOR RETURN FOR CREDIT 
ONLY 
Description 
Quantity 
9.161 
GAC REPAIRS 
Part Ref: 822-0836-035 RTU-4200 (RADIO TUNING UNIT) 
1.00 
Item: 10 
ADMINISTRATIVE USE FOR FUEL ONLY, NO RETURN TO SERVICE REQUIRED 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 20 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590815
--- PAGE 21 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: 
Invoice Number. 
Team Manager. 
Charles llelwig 
Customer Coordinator: 
Vinny Cicala 
Pan/Model $: 
AC Serial No./Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 10.1 
ADMINISTRATIVE USE ONLY TO FUEL AND DEFUEL AIRCRAFT AS REQUIRED 
Resolution: 
Item: II 
NZ2010 V6.I FMS SYSTEM UPGRADE - TRIPLE 
Team Manager. 
Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: 
Vinny Cicala 
Pan/Model $: 
AC Serial No./ ail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoicesm 20I I 
Page 21 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590816
--- PAGE 22 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO N: 
Discrepancy: 11.1 
ASC 477A NZ2010 V6.1 FMS SYSTEM UPGRADE - TRIPLE 
Invoice Number. 
Resolution: 
THIS AIRCRAFT SERVICE CHANGE UPGRADES THE EXISTING NZ-2000 FLIGHT MANAGEMENT 
SYSTEMS (FMS), VIA INSTALLATION OF VERSION 6.1 SOFTWARE, TO AN NZ-2010 SYSTEM WITH 
SBAS/LPV GPS UPGRADE 
NEW COMPONENTS: 
TWO (2) HONEYWELL WAAS CAPABLE GPS RECEIVERS (PART NUMBER (PN) HG2021KB01) 
TWO (2) WAAS CAPABLE GPS ANTENNAS (PN 567-1575-137) 
ONE (1) ASC 477 KIT, NZ-2000 FLIGHT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (FMS) 6.1 UPGRADE. 
MODIFIED COMPONENTS: 
THREE (3) EACH HONEYWELL NZ-2000 NAVIGATION COMPUTERS (PN 7018879-030XX TO 
7018879-03036) 
TWO (2) EACH HONEYWELL PZ-800 PERFORMANCE COMPUTERS (PN 7004609-XXX TO 7004609-940) 
PERFORMANCE COMPUTERS NOT AT A MINIMUM LEVEL OF PN 7004609-925 WILL REQUIRE 
ADDITIONAL UPGRADES NOT COVERED BY THIS INSTALLATION. ADDITIONAL CHARGES WILL 
APPLY. 
PREREQUISITES: 
NZ-2000 COMPUTERS: HARDWARE MOD "E". FOR UNITS WITHOUT THIS MODIFICATION, 
HONEYWELL SERVICE BULLETIN 7018879-34-0051 (PUB. NO. A21- 6111-004) WILL BE REQUIRED. 
ESTIMATED ADDITIONAL COST IS $2,600/UNIT. 
PZ-800 COMPUTERS: PART NUMBER 7004609-925. FOR UNITS NOT AT THE -925 LEVEL OR HIGHER, 
ADDITIONAL MODIFICATIONS ARE REQUIRED AND WILL BE ADDRESSED ON A TIME AND 
MATERIAL BASIS. 
THE AIRCRAFT MUST CURRENTLY BE EQUIPPED WITH DUAL GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM 
(GPS) RECEIVERS. 
AIRCRAFT SERIAL NUMBERS 1000 THROUGH 1389: GPS #1 AND #2 INSTALLATIONS NOT 
INSTALLED BY GULFSTREAM STC ST01716AT-D WILL REQUIRE ENGINEERING REVIEW PRIOR TO 
INCORPORATION OF THIS ASC 
EXISTING FMS #1 AND #2 INSTALLATIONS MUST MATCH GULFSTREAM STC ST01715AT-D OR 
EQUIVALENT PRIOR TO INCORPORATION. 
CONCURRENT REQUIREMENTS: NONE 
RE: PROPOSAL# 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
25.00 
@ 
$132.00 
$3,300.00 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$35.00 
Services USD: 
Time and Material 
$2,640.00 
Total USD: 
$5,975.00 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
11.1#9 
AIRCRAFT-HISTORY 
FAA AIRCRAFT HISTORY RECORDS 
$35.00 
$35.00 
Services: 
Ref. No. 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell Price USD 
Extended USD 
11.1 PI 
GAC REPAIRS 
1.00 
$1,320.00 
$1,320.00 
11.1 #2 
GAC REPAIRS 
1.00 
$1,320.00 
$1,320.00 
For detail description of the work complied wilh see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 22 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590817
--- PAGE 23 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO I: 
Invoice Number. 
Item: 12 
SYNTHETIC VISION (PDSV) - PROVISIONS 
Team Manager. 
Charles Hetwig 
Customer Coordinator: 
Vinny Cicala 
Pan/Model 0: 
AC Serial No/nil No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 12.1 
SYNTHETIC VISION (PDSV) - PROVISIONS 
Resolution: 
PROVISION FOR SYNTHETIC VISION (PDSV) WILL BE INSTALLED. 
NEW SVS SEL SWITCHES WILL BE INSTALLED ON THE PILOT AND CO-PILOT'S GLARESHIELD 
AND PLACARDED INOP. 
. : A NEW WIRING INTERFACE WILL BE INSTALLED BETWEEN THE EXISTING HONEYWELL 
SYMBOL GENERATORS (SG'S), TRAFFIC ALERT AND COLLISION AVOIDANCE SYSTEM (TCAS), 
GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (GPS) AND THE COCKPIT DISPLAY UNITS (DU'S). 
PREREQUISITES: 
ASC 476 - DU-88S INDICATING / RECORDING SYSTEMS (ATA 31) ELECTRONIC DISPLAY SYSTEM 
DU-88S LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) INSTALLATION (PLANEDECK). 
i ASC 477 - NZ 20106.1 SOFTWARE WITH SBAS/LPV GPS INSTALLATION. 
CERTIFICATION: THIS INSTALLATION WILL BE ACCOMPLISHED UNDER A GULFSTREAM STC. 
DEVIATIONS FROM THE STC (IF REQUIRED) WOULD BE COMPLETED ON A TIME AND MATERIAL 
BASIS OR QUOTED SEPARATELY ON A WORK CHANGE REQUEST (WCR). 
NOTES: 
THESE ARE PROVISIONS ONLY. THE SYMBOL GENERATORS (SG'S) AND COCKPIT DISPLAY UNITS 
(DU'S) WILL REQUIRE SOFTWARE UPGRADES AND MODIFICATIONS TO ACTIVATE THE SYNTHETIC 
VISION (PDSV) CAPABILITY. ADDITIONAL CHARGES WILL APPLY. 
SYNTHETIC VISION ACTIVATION IS PREDICATED ON COMPLETION OF THE GULFSTREAM STC. 
PLEASE CONTACT YOUR GULFSTREAM REGIONAL SALES MANAGER (RSM) FOR CURRENT STC 
STATUS. 
THE COST OF TI I IS ITEM WILL BE DEDUCTED FROM THE FINAL PDSV INSTALLATION PRICE 
WHEN TIIE CUSTOMERS ELECT TO COMPLETE THE INSTALLATION. 
RE: PROPOSAL# 
)-12 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$1,949.94 
Total USD: 
$1,949.94 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
12,1 II 
25-0929-2094 
LENS 
826994 
$269.94 
12,112 
LED-42-15-BB-El tiGU 
ANNC SWITCH, SVS SEL 
$840.00 
$1,680.00 
Item: 13 
ASC476B V1.10 SOFTWARE ENHANCEMENTS 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 23 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590818
--- PAGE 24 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO N: 
Invoice Number. 
Team Manager. 
Charles lielwig 
Customer Coordinator: 
Vinny Cicala 
Part/Model 
AC Serial No./ ail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 13.1 
ASC 476B V1.10 SOFTWARE ENHANCEMENTS 
COMPLY WITH THE REVISION B OF ASC 476, INSTALLATION OF BARCO SERVICE BULLETIN 
SBAV606167B. 
WARRANTY: THE DISPLAY UNIT RETROFIT UPGRADE TO SOFTWARE VERSION, V1.10 WILL BE 
PROVIDED AT NO CHARGE (NC) IF PERFORMED AT A GULFSTREAM GIV AUTHORIZED WARRANTY 
FACILITY OR FACTORY AUTHORIZED SERVICE CENTER WITHIN TWENTY-FOUR (24) MONTHS OF 
THE RELEASE DATE (08 AUGUST 2014) OF THIS REVISION. 
PREREQUISITES: ASC 476 OR ASC 476A INDICATING / RECORDING SYSTEMS (ATA 31), ELECTRONIC 
DISPLAY SYSTEM - DU-885 LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) INSTALLATION (PLANEDECK) AND 
HAVING DISPLAY UNITS, PN K9321061A02 (BLACK) OR PART NUMBER 9321061A11 (GREY). 
NOTES: 
THIS ASC IS MANAGED BY PRODUCT SUPPORT PROGRAM MANAGEMENT (PSPM) AND MAY 
ONLY BE INSTALLED AT GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE OR GULFSTREAM-APPROVED FACILITIES. 
INCORPORATION MUST BE COORDINATED THROUGH GULFSTREAM SCHEDULING AT 800-
810-GULF (4853) OR 
IF NOT SCHEDULED, AIRCRAFT DOWNTIME COULD INCREASE 
SIGNIFICANTLY. 
I ONLY QUALIFIED PERSONNEL SPECIFICALLY TRAINED AND EQUIPPED MAY ACCOMPLISH THE 
BARCO SERVICE BULLETIN, SBAV606167B REV 00 (OR LATER REVISION). 
RE: PROPOSALN 
)-13 
•+s WARRANTY - NO CHARGE ASC *** 
Resolution: FOUND ASC 476E V1.10 SOFTWARE ENHANCEMENTS PART 1 DATED 8 AUG 2014 TO BE PREVIOUSLY 
COMPLIED WITH BY GAC - PBI. REFERENCE GAC - PBI WON SCI6531 AND AIRFRAME LOG BOOK ENTRY 
DATED 12(18/2014, ACTT 8867.7, ACTL 4094. UPDATED GIV CMP 974762 ASC 476B V1.10 SOFTWARE 
ENHANCEMENTS PART 1. 
FOUND ASC 476E V1.10 SOFTWARE ENHANCEMENTS PART 2 DATED 8 AUG 2014 TO BE NOT APPLICABLE 
DUE TO OPTIONAL XM WEATHER IS INSTALLED. UPDATED GIV CAP 974763 ASC 476B VI.10 SOFTWARE 
ENHANCEMENTS PART 2. 
VERIFIED INSERTION OF AFM SUPPLEMENT NO. GIV-2011-01, REV. "D" DATED 13 APR 2015 INTO 
APPROVED Aft SUPPLEMENTS BOOK. 
Item: 14 
ASC 4158 INDICATING AND RECORDING - UPGRADE SPZ-8000/8400 
Team Manager. 
Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: 
Vinny Cicala 
Part/Model 
AC Serial No./ ail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 24 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd 332 
EFTA00590819
--- PAGE 25 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO it: 
Discrepancy: 141 
ASC 415B INDICATING AND RECORDING - UPGRADE SPZ-8000/8400 
Invoice Number. 
THIS SERVICE CHANGE REVISION UPGRADES THE FAULT WARNING COMPUTERS (FWC) AND, IN 
SOME CASES, THE SYMBOL GENERATORS (SG). FOR A DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE 
IMPROVEMENTS OFFERED WITH THIS UPGRADE, PLEASE LOG IN TO YOUR 
PORTAL AND REVIEW THE "SPZ-8000 MODIFICATION SUMMARY" LISTED 
ON PAGE 8 OF ASC 4158. 
PREREQUISITES: NONE 
EFFECTIVITY: THIS SERVICE CHANGE IS EFFECTIVE FOR GIV AIRCRAFT 1000-1472. THIS OR A 
SIMILAR CHANGE WILL BE INSTALLED INPRODUCTION ON AIRCRAFT 1473 AND SUBSEQUENT. 
NOTE: THIS PROPOSAL DOES NOT INCLUDE ANY SQUAWKS, PRE-EXISTING DLSCREPANCIES OR 
VENDOR SERVICE BULLETINS THAT MAY BE REQUIRED, EXCEPT AS SPECIFIED. IF REQUIRED, 
THIS ADDITIONAL WORK WILL BE HANDLED ON THE BASLS OF TIME AND MATERIALS. 
RE: PROPOSAL# 
1-1A 
Resolution: CUSTOMER ELECTS NO ACTION 
Discrepancy: 14.2 
REFURB AVIONICS SUPPORT FOR ASC 415B INDICATING AND RECORDING - UPGRADE SPZ-800W8400 
Resolution: CUSTOMER ELECTS NO ACTION 
Discrepancy: 143 
CMP GIV 974154 ASC4I5B HONEYWELL SYSTEM UPGRA 
Resolution: CUSTOMER ELECTS NO ACTION 
Discrepancy: 14.4 
CMPGIV 314005 Fault Warning Computer No. 1 - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: CUSTOMER ELECTS NO ACTION 
Discrepancy: 14.5 
CMPGIV 314006 Fault Warning Computer No. 2 - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: CUSTOMER ELECTS NO ACTION 
For detail description or the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 25 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590820
--- PAGE 26 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO tl: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 14.6 
CMP GIV 316011 Symbol Generator No. 1 - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: CUSTOMER ELECTS NO ACTION 
Discrepancy: 14.7 
CMP GIV 316012 Symbol Generator No. 2 - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: CUSTOMER ELECTS NO ACTION 
Discrepancy: 14.8 
CMP GIN, 316013 Symbol Generator No. 3 - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: CUSTOMER ELECTS NO ACTION 
Item: 15 
MONTH CAP TASKS (GIV SN 1085) 
Team Manager. 
Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: 
Vinny Cicala 
Pa/Model Sr: 
AC Serial No./Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: BA 
MONTH CAP TASKS (LABOR ONLY) 
Resolution: 
ACCOMPLISH 12 MONTH CMP TASKS. (EXHIBIT 1) 
NOTES: 
CORRECTION OF DISCREPANCIES IS NOT INCLUDED IN THE QUOTED PRICE. 
DUE LIST PROJECTED THROUGH 31 DECEMBER 2016. 
RE: PROPOSAL 
2.1 
•** LABOR ONLY 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 26 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd 331 
EFTA00590821
--- PAGE 27 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
Total USD: 
WO 9: 
Invoice Number: 
41,943.55 
$1,943.55 
Discrepancy: 15/ 
ACCOMPLISH THE 12 MONTH SERVICE CMP TASKS BELOW: 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Time and Material 
Part number: 
Description 
$79.93 
Extended USD 
Quantity 
$79.93 
Sell price USD 
15.2 MI 
515X333-2OZ 
OZ TOUCHUP KIT, GREEN EPDXY 
$18.64 
$18.64 
PRIMER 
15.212 
PR1448BI.2DAB-KIT 
SEALANT, 50 GRAM KIT (CUP & 
$25A9 
$25.49 
SYRINGE) (MEETS SPEC 
AMS-S-8802 REV C) (INTERNAL 
ONLY) 
15.2 #3 
MS24665-151 
COTTER PIN 
$0.75 
$3.90 
15.2 #4 
M524665-153 
PIN, COTTER 
$0.75 
$3.90 
15.2 #5 
MS21256-1 
CLIP 
S 
$0.75 
$6.24 
15.2#7 
515X333-2OZ 
OZ TOUCHUP KIT, GREEN EPDXY 
515.64 
$18.µ 
PRIMER 
15.2 /48 
NIS24694C58 
SCREW 
$0.75 
$3.12 
Discrepancy: 153 
CMP GIV 256269 LIFE VESTS--INTEG. CHECK 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.4 
CMP GIV 262582 EXT, 1120 AFT CABIN--INSPECT 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CAW GIV 262582 EXT, H20 AFT CABIN—INSPECT 
Discrepancy: 15.5 
CMP GIV 262621 Port Halon Fire Extn (Right Cockpit) - Weight Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 262621 Port Raton Fire Extn (Right Cockpit) - Weight Check 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOnierPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 27 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Ret:312 
EFTA00590822
--- PAGE 28 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO 9: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 15.6 
CMP GIV 262601 EXTINGUISHER, HALON COCKPIT 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 262601 EXTINGUISHER, HALON COCKPIT 
Discrepancy: 15.7 
CMP GIV 262622 Port Ilalon Fire Extn (Fwd Cabin) - Weight Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 262622 Port !talon Fire Extn (Fwd Cabin) - Weight Check 
Discrepancy: 15.8 
CMP GIV 262612 Portable Halon Fire Extinguisher (Forward Cabin) - Hydrostatic Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.9 
CMP GIV 262623 Port Halon Fire Extn (Aft Cabin) - Weight Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 262623 Port Halon Fire Extn (Aft Cabin) - Weight Check 
Discrepancy: 15.10 
CMP GIV 262603 EXTINGUISHER, HALON AFT CABIN 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 262603 EXTINGUISHER, HALON AFT CABIN 
Discrepancy: 15.11 
CMP GIV 262633 Port Halon Fire Extn (Aft Cabin) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 262633 Port !talon Fire Extn (Aft Cabin) - Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 28 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
■e 322 
EFTA00590823
--- PAGE 29 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO 4: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 15.12 
CMPGIV 270011 Control Surface Hinge Joints - Lubrication 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.13 
CMPGIV 271029 Aileron Actuator Load Relief Bungee (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TINIE. 
Discrepancy: 15.14 
CMPGIV 271039 Aileron Actuator Load Relief Bungee (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.15 
CMPGIV 273056 Elevator Actuator Load Relief Bungee - Inspection 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.16 
CMPGIV 322042 Nose Gear Axle Assembly - Corrosion Prevention 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.17 
CMPGIV 320027 Nose Landing Gear Axle Assembly - Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Application 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 29 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590824
--- PAGE 30 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO ft: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 15.18 
CMPGIV 322035 Nose Gear Axle Fitting - Reims al / Installation 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.19 
CMPGIV 324009 WHEEL, LEFT NOSE GEAR 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.20 
CMPGIV 324010 WHEEL, RIGHT NOSE GEAR 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.21 
CMPGIV 324038 TIRE - SERVICING 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.22 
CMPGIV 324049 Nose Gear Wheel Bearings (Left) - Inspection / Pack 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.23 
CMPGIV 324050 Nose Gear Wheel Bearings (Right) - Inspection / Pack 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 30 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590825
--- PAGE 31 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
W() 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 15.24 
CMPGIV 351005 Crew Oxygen System (Pilot) - Operational Test 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 15.25 
CMPGIV 351006 Crew Oxygen System (Co-Pilot) - Operational Test 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 15.26 
CMPGIV 351007 Crew Oxygen System (Jumpseat) - Operational Test 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 15.27 
CMPGIV 521003 Main Entrance Door - Lubrication 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.28 
CMPGIV 521008 Main Entrance Inflatable Seal System - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP DIV 521008 Main Entrance Inflatable Seal System - Operational Test 
Discrepancy: 15.29 
CMPGIV 521009 Baggage Door Inflatable Seal Sys - Ops Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GI V 521009 Baggage Door Inflatable Seal Sys - Ops Test 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 31 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rea
EFTA00590826
--- PAGE 32 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 15.30 
CMPGIV 521080 Inflatable Door Seal - Purging Procedure 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 521080 Inflatable Door Seal - Purging Procedure 
Discrepancy: 15.31 
CMP GIV 523004 Baggage Door -Lubrication 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.32 
CMPGIV 534015 Main Landing Gear Installation (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.33 
CMPGIV 534016 Main Landing Gear Installation (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.34 
CMPGIV 534018 Blain Landing Gear Wheel Well Compartment - Inspection 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.35 
CMPGIV 534020 Nose Wheel Well and Gear - Inspection 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_Work0rderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 32 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rea
EFTA00590827
--- PAGE 33 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO ft: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 15.36 
CMPGIV 571030 Wing Vertical Breather Angle -Inspection 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.37 
CMP GIV 710019 Powerplant - Internal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 71111119 Pun erplant - Internal Inspection 
Discrepancy: 15.38 
CMPGIV 711009 Cowl Latch, Engine (Left) - Rigging 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 711009 Cowl Latch, Engine (Left) - Rigging 
Discrepancy: 1539 
CMPGIV 710020 Powerplant - Internal Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 710020 Powerplant - Internal Inspection 
Discrepancy: 15.40 
CMPGIV 711010 Cowl Latch, Engine (Right) - Rigging 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 711010 COWL LATCH, ENGINE (RIGHT) - RIGGING 
Discrepancy: 15.41 
ACCOMPLISH THE 12 MONTH AVIONICS CMPTASKS BELOW: 
Resolution: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 33 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590828
--- PAGE 34 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 15.42 
CMPGIV 237004 Cockpit Voice Recorder System - Operational Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.43 
CRIP GIV 240250 Emergency Securaplane Battery No. 1 - Bullt-In Test Equipment / Battery Level Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.44 
CMPGIV 240251 Emergency Securaplane Battery No. 2 - Built-in Test Equipment / Battery Level Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.45 
CMPGIV 240252 Emergency Securaplane Battery No. 3 - Built-in Test Equipment / Battery Level Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.46 
CMPGIV 240253 Emergency Securaplane Battery No. 4 - Built-in Test Equipment/ Battery Level Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER ELECTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.47 
CMPGIV 250001* ICA FOR LCD MONITOR 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 34 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rea
EFTA00590829
--- PAGE 35 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO tl: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 15.48 
CMPGIV 250002* ICA FOR 406MHZ ELT 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.49 
CMPGIV 256110 Emergency Locator Transmitter- Operational Test (FAR 91.207) 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.50 
CMPGIV 256105 Emergency Locator Transmitter - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.51 
CMPGIV 312015 BATTERY, PILOT CLOCK 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.52 
CMPGIV 312016 BATTERY, COPILOT CLOCK 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.53 
CMPGIV 330007 Emergency Exit Lights - Operational Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
For detail description or the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 35 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41AM 
Rea
EFTA00590830
--- PAGE 36 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO $1: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 15.54 
CMPGIV 330010 Exterior Lights - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 330010 Exterior Lights - Operational Test 
Discrepancy: 15.55 
CMPGIV 344095 Inertial Reference Unit No. 1 Securaplane Battery (Built-In Test Equipment /Battery Level 
Test) - Operational Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.56 
CMPGIV 344096 Inertial Reference Unit No. 2 Securaplane Battery (Built-In Test Equipment / Battery Level 
Test) - Operational Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 15.57 
CMPGIV 344097 Inertial Reference Unit No. 3 Securaplane Battery (Built-In Test Equipment / Battery Level 
Test) - Operational Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
item: 16 
MONTH CMP TASKS DISCREPANCIES 
Team Manager. 
Charles Ilelwig 
Customer Coordinator: 
Vinny Cicala 
Part/Model $: 
AC Serial No./ ail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 16.1 
WHILE C/W CMPGIV 330010 EXTERIOR LIGHTS - OPERATIONAL TEST FOUND TAIL CONE LOWER 
LIGHT (BELOW STROBE) TO BE INOP, NOT ILLUMINATED. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 36 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd 331 
EFTA00590831
--- PAGE 37 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WON: 
Invoice Number. 
Resolution: REMOVED TAIL CONE LOWER LIGHT BULB P/N 1683 NSN. RECEIVED OK TO INSTALL INSTALLED NEW 
LIGHT BULB P/N 1683 NSN RECEIVED FROM CAC BAF STOCK. REFERENCE COMPONENT 
886 FOR 
OPS CHECK. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.02 
(3) 
$132.00 
$530.64 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$34.62 
Total USD: 
$565.26 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
16.1 al 
44GN11-3OZ 
TOUCHUP KIT, DEFT EPDXY 
$32.00 
$32.00 
PRIMER & CATALYST- ADD WATER 
(INTERNAL USE ONLY) 
16.1 12 
1683 
LAMP 
$2.62 
$2.62 
Discrepancy: 16.2 
WHILE C/W CMP GIV 330010 EXTERIOR LIGHTS - OPERATIONAL TEST FOUND L/H LOGO LIGHT TO 
BE INOP, NOT ILLUMINATED. 
Resolution: REMOVED LH LOGO LIGHT BULB P/N 4713 NSN. INSTALLED NEW LIGHT BULB P/N 4713 NSN. REFERENCE 
CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE FROM AVIALL PURCHASE ORDER: WEPO16-01287 DATED 16MAR16. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.64 
(3) 
$132.00 
$348.48 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
$150.26 
Total USD: 
$498.74 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
16.2 MI 
4713 
LAMP 
$150.26 
$150.26 
Item: 17 
MONTH CMP TASKS (GIV SN 1085) 
Team Manager. 
Charles Ileiwig 
Customer Coordinator: 
Vinny Cicala 
Pan/Model M: 
AC Serial No./Thil No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 17.1 
MONTH CAP TASKS (LABOR ONLY) 
ACCOMPLISH 24 MONTH CMP TASKS (EXHIBIT 2) 
NOTES: 
CORRECTION OF DISCREPANCIES IS NOT INCLUDED IN THE QUOTED PRICE. 
DUE LIST PROJECTED THROUGH 31 DECEMBER 2016. 
RE: PROPOSAL 
-2.2 
it* LABOR ONLY 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 37 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590832
--- PAGE 38 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Resolution: 
WO e: 
Invoice Number. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
$27,765.00 
Total USD: 
$27,765.00 
Discrepancy: 17.2 
ACCOMPLISH THE 24 MONTH SERVICE CAW TASKS BELOW: 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Time and Material 
Part number: 
Description 
$1,852.17 
Extended USD 
Quantity 
$1,852.17 
Sell price USD 
17.211 
MS27039-0806 
SCREW 
$0.78 
$1.56 
17.212 
159BNI10108-1 
PIN (STA 138-164 DOOR HINGE) 
$53.50 
$107.00 
17.213 
MS29512-06 
O-RING, TUBE FITTING PACKING 
50.78 
$0.78 
17.214 
14528778-6 
PACKING, PREFORMED TUBE 
$2.06 
$2.06 
FITTING 
17.215 
14528775-110 
SEAL 
$3.21 
$3.21 
17.216 
139419-1 
FILTER 
$59A3 
$59.43 
17.217 
139495-1 
FILTER 
$759.11 
$759.11 
17.218 
S2L-226 
O-RING SEAL. FLUOROCARBON 
$8.49 
$33.96 
(VITON) LOW COMPRESSION. 2.00 
IN. 
17.219 
521.230 
O-RING SEAL. FLUOROCARBON 
$5.00 
$40.00 
(VITON) LOW COMPRESSION. 2.50 
IN. 
17.2110 
NASI580C3T4 
BOLT 
$0.78 
$19.50 
17.2112 
NIS24665-153 
PIN, COTTER 
$0.78 
$7.02 
17.2113 
MS24665-15I 
COTTER PIN 
$0.78 
$7.02 
17.2114 
NIS21256-1 
CLIP 
ID 
$0.78 
$7.80 
17.2115 
NAS335CPA7 
BOLT 
I8 
$0.78 
$14.04 
17.2116 
MS24665-153 
PIN, COTTER 
$0.78 
$3.12 
17.2117 
NASI612-12A 
O-RING, TUBING 
$0.92 
$1.84 
17.2118 
89026E112 
O'RING 
$0.78 
$1.56 
17.2120 
M83248-I-905 
O'RING 
$0.78 
$1.56 
17.2121 
GAS570G8A 
SEAL. FLUID/AIR-M533649 PORT 
$390.02 
$780.04 
17.2123 
NIS24665-22 
COTTER PIN 
$0.78 
$1.56 
Discrepancy: 17.3 
CNIP GIV 212077 Air Conditioning Shutoff Valve Filter (Left) - Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WarkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 38 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590833
--- PAGE 39 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 17.4 
CMPGIV 212061 Air Conditioning Shut-off Valve Filter (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.5 
CMPGIV 212078 Air Conditioning Shutoff Valve Filter (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.6 
CMPGIV 212062 Air Conditioning Shut-off Valve Filter (Right) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.7 
CMPGIV 212115 Nose Compartment Cooling Sys - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP CIV 212115 Nose Compartment Cooling Sys - Operational Test 
Discrepancy: 17.8 
CMPGIV 213053 Cabin Pressure Warning Indication Sys - Functional Test 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.9 
CMPGIV 213081 Pressuriiniiint Safet Vats e - Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 39 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd 322 
EFTA00590834
--- PAGE 40 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Resolution: 
WO tr 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 17.10 
CMPGIV 213083 Pressurization Safety Valve - Ground Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.11 
CMPGIV 213052 Cabin Pressure Warning (Aneroid) Switch (4751) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.12 
CMPGIV 213090 Cabin Pressure Control (Manual Mode) Ops Test 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.13 
CMPGIV 216097 Air Cycle Machine Compressor Outlet Overheat Switch (Left) - nip Point Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 216097 Air Cycle Machine Compressor Outlet Overheat Switch (Left) - Trip Point Check 
Discrepancy: 17.14 
CMPGIV 216095 Air Cycle Machine Compressor Outlet Overheat Switch (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP G1V 216095 Air Cycle Machine Compressor Outlet Overheat Switch (Left) - Removal / 
Installation 
Discrepancy: 17.15 
CMPGIV 216098 Air Cycle Machine Compressor Outlet Overheat Switch (Right) -Trip Point Check 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 40 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590835
--- PAGE 41 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Invoice Number: 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 216098 Air Cycle Machine Compressor Outlet Overheat Switch (Right) - Trip Point 
Check 
Discrepancy: 17.16 
CMP GIV 216096 SW, R ACNI Compress Out O/11eat 
Resolution: REMOVED OUTLET OVERHEAT SWITCH WITH P/N 1173T0458, S/N 1914. INSTALLED A NEW OUTLET 
OVERHEAT SWITCH WITH P/N 1173T0458 S/N 2086. REFERENCE 8130-3 WITH FORM TRACKING # 
20141124015239 DATED 24 NOV 2014 FROM GULFSTREANI AEROSPACE CORP. CRS# ODA-511131 . ALL 
WORK DONE IN ACCORDANCE WITH GV AMA 21-01-09 AND CMP GIV 216096 SW, R ACM COMPRESS OUT 
O/HEAT OP CHECKS GOOD 
UPDATE CMP AS REQUIRED 
Discrepancy: 17.17 
CMP GIV 243030 Auxiliary TRU - Inspection / Cleaning 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 243030 Auxiliary TRU - Inspection / Cleaning 
Discrepancy: 17.18 
CMP GIV 243025 Auxiliary Transformer-Rectifier Unit - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 243025 Auxiliary Transformer-Rectifier Unit - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 17.19 
CAP GIV 251125 Pilot / Copilot Inertia Reel - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 251125 Pilot / Copilot Inertia Reel - Operational Test 
Discrepancy: 17.20 
CMP GIV 261035 Eng Alternator Overheat Switch (Left) - Trip Point Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261035 Eng Alternator Overheat Switch (Left) - Trip Point Check 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 20I I 
Page 41 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590836
--- PAGE 42 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 17.21 
CMPGIV 261025 SWITCH, L ENG ALT O/H 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261025 SWITCH, L ENG ALT O/H 
Discrepancy: 17.22 
CMP GIV 261036 Eng Alternator Overheat Switch (Right) - Trip Point Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261036 Eng Alternator Overheat Switch (Right) - Trip Point Check 
Discrepancy: 17.23 
CMPGIV 261030 SWITCH, R ENG ALT O/H 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261030 SWITCH, R ENG ALT O/H 
Discrepancy: 17.24 
CMPGIV 261065 Combined Hyd Sys Overheat Switch - Trip Point Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261065 Combined Ilyd Sys Overheat Switch - Trip Point Check 
Discrepancy: 17.25 
CMPGIV 261055 Combined Hydraulic System Overheat Switch - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261055 Combined Hydraulic System Overheat Switch - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 17.26 
CMPGIV 291057 Combined / Flight Hydraulic System Reservoir - Filling Procedures 
Resolution: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 42 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590837
--- PAGE 43 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO 41: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 17.27 
CMPGIV 261066 Flight Hyd Sys Overheat Switch -Trip Point Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261066 Flight Hyd Sys Overheat Switch - hip Point Check 
Discrepancy: 17.28 
CMPGIV 261060 Flight Hydraulic System Overheat Switch - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261060 Flight Hydraulic System Overheat Switch - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 17.29 
CMPGIV 261235 Bleed Alr Manifold OfH Switch (Left) - 'nip Point Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261235 Bleed Air Manifold OfH Switch (Left) - Trip Point Check 
Discrepancy: 17.30 
CMPGIV 261225 SWITCH, L BLEED AIR OfH 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH OAP GIV 261225 SWITCH, L BLEED AIR OfH 
Discrepancy: 1731 
CMPGIV 261236 Bleed Alr Manifold OfH Switch (Right) -Trip Point Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261236 Bleed Air Manifold Offl Switch (Right) - nip Point Check 
Discrepancy: 1732 
CMPGIV 261230 SWITCH, R BLEED AIR Offl 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261230 SWITCH, R BLEED AIR Offl 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 43 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590838
--- PAGE 44 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 1733 
CMP GIV 261440 APU Overheat Switch -Trip Point Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261440 APU Overheat Switch - Trip Point Check 
Discrepancy: 1734 
CMP GIV 261415 SWITCH, TOP APU FIRE DET 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261415 SWITCH, TOP APU FIRE DET REMOVAL AND INSTALLATION 
Discrepancy: 1735 
CMP GIV 261420 SWITCH, BOT APU FIRE DET 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261420 SWITCH, BOT APU FIRE DET REMOVAL AND INSTALLATION 
Discrepancy: 17.36 
CMP GIV 261425 SWITCH, ABOVE ALT APU F/DET 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261425 SWITCH, ABOVE ALT APU F/DET REMOVAL AND INSTALLATION 
Discrepancy: 1737 
CMP GIV 261430 SWITCH, API) AIR INLET FIRE DET 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261430 SWITCH, APU AIR INLET FIRE DET REMOVAL AND INSTALLATION 
Discrepancy: 17.38 
CMP GIV 262075 Fire Bottle (APU) - Weight Check 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 44 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rea
EFTA00590839
--- PAGE 45 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO 9: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 17.39 
CMPGIV 262035 Bottle, Engine Fire (APU) 
Resolution: CUSTOMER PCW. CUSTOMER ELECTS NO ACTION. 
Discrepancy: 17.40 
CMPGIV 262155 Fire Pull Handle - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 262155 Fire Pull Handle - Operational Test 
Discrepancy: 17.41 
CMPGIV 262165 Fire Extinguisher System (Left) - Functional Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 262165 Fire Extinguisher System (Left) - Functional Test 
Discrepancy: 17.42 
CMPGIV 262166 Fire Extinguisher System (Right) - Functional Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 262166 Fire Extinguisher System (Right) - Functional Test 
Discrepancy: 17.43 
CMPGIV 262170 Fire Extinguisher System (APU) - Functional Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.44 
CMPGIV 270006 Shut-off Valve, Flight Control Manual - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 270006 Shut-off Valve, Flight Control Manual - Operational Test 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 45 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590840
--- PAGE 46 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO tr 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 17.45 
OAP GIV 276001 Ground Spoiler System - Operational Test 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.46 
CHF GIV 276004 Ground Spoiler Fault Detection Sys - Functional Test 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.47 
ChIP GIV 282073 APO Wing Fuel Shut-Off Valve - Functional Test 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.48 
CHF GIV 301005 Wing Anti-Ice (Lea) - Operational Test 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.49 
CNIP GIV 301006 Wing Anti-Ice (Right) - Operational Test 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.50 
OAP GIV 302005 Cowl Anti-Ice (Left Engine) - Operational Test 
Resolution: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_VMrkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rm 2011 
Page 46 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590841
--- PAGE 47 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 17.51 
CMP GIV 302006 Cowl Anti-Ice (Right Engine) - Operational Test 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.52 
CMP GIV 303009 Total Temp Probe Heat System - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 303009 Total Temp Probe Heat System - Operational Test 
Discrepancy: 17.53 
CMP GIV 303012 Angle of Attack Heat - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 303012 Angle of Attack Heat - Operational Test 
Discrepancy: 17.54 
CMP GIV 320009 Landing Gear (Left Main) Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Re-Application 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.55 
CMP GIV 320010 Landing Gear (Right Main) Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Re-Application 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.56 
CMP GIV 320034 Landing Gear (Nose) Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Re-Application 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 20I I 
Page 47 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rea
EFTA00590842
--- PAGE 48 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO ft: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 17.57 
CMPGIV 321041 Main Gear Shock Absorber (Lett) - Service 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.58 
CMPGIV 321042 Main Gear Shock Absorber (Right) - Service 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.59 
CMPGIV 322006 Nose Gear Shock Strut - Friction Check 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.60 
CMPGIV 322028 Nose Gear Shock Strut - Service 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.61 
CMPGIV 322433 Nose Landing Gear Spring Rod Assembly - Lubrication 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.62 
CMPGIV 322430 Nose Landing Gear Spring Rod Assembly - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 48 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd 332 
EFTA00590843
--- PAGE 49 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO 0: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 17.63 
CMP GIV 323002 L(G CYCLING OPERATIONAL TEST 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.64 
CMP GIV 323003 N/G SEQUENCING LINKAGE-CK/ADJ 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.65 
CMPGIV 322434 Main Landing Gear Bungee (Left) - Lubrication 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.66 
CMPGIV 322431 Main Landing Gear Bungee (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.67 
CMPGIV 322435 Main Landing Gear Bungee (Right) - Lubrication 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.68 
CMPGIV 322432 Main Landing Gear Bungee (Right) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 49 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rea
EFTA00590844
--- PAGE 50 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO ft: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 17.69 
CMP GIV 323001 Landing Gear - Normal - Functional Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.70 
CMP GIV 323004 Landing Gear - Emergency - Functional Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.71 
CMP GIV 323101 Emergency Landing Gear System - Flush 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.72 
CMP GIV 323115 BOTTLE, LG AIR--SERVICE 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.73 
CMP GIV 323025 Slain Gear Side Brace Fitting Pin (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.74 
CMP GIV 323015 Actuator, Side Brace (Left) 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 50 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
■e 322 
EFTA00590845
--- PAGE 51 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO ft: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 17.75 
CMP GIV 323026 Main Gear Side Brace Fitting Pin (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.76 
Chflo GIV 323016 Actuator, Side Brace (Right) 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.77 
CMP GIV 324101 Wheel Brake - Functional Test (Brake-By-Wire) 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.78 
CMP GIV 341052 TAT Probe Aspirator - Operational Test 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.79 
CMP GIV 352005 Passenger Oxygen System - Operational Test 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.80 
CMP GIV 362005 Bleed Air Manifold Pressure Indication - Functional Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 362005 Bleed Air Manifold Pressure Indication - Functional Test 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 51 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
■e 322 
EFTA00590846
--- PAGE 52 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 17.81 
CMPGIV 510070 24 Month Honeycomb (Aluminum) - Inspection / Bond Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP MY 510070 24 Month Honeycomb (Aluminum) - Inspection / Bond Test 
Discrepancy: 17.82 
CMPGIV 521007 Main Entrance Door - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 521007 MAIN ENTRANCE DOOR - INSPECTION WITH SATISFACTORY RESULTS. 
ACCOMPLISHED FOLLOW ON CMP GIV 521002 MAIN ENTRANCE DOOR CABLES - TENSION CHECK WITH 
SATISFACTORY RESULTS. 
Discrepancy: 17.83 
CMPGIV 521002 MAIN ENT DR CABLE TENSION CK 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 521002 MAIN ENT DR CABLE TENSION CK 
Discrepancy: 17.84 
OAP GIV 521024 blab) Entrance Door Hinge Pins - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 521024 Main Entrance Door Hinge Pins - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.85 
CMPGIV 521022 Main Entrance Door Hinge Pins - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI 
REMOVED WORN MAIN ENTRANCE DOOR PINS PARTIt 159BMI0108-1 NSN INSTALLED NEW NEW DOOR 
PINS PN 159BM10108-1 NSN. PICKED FOR GAC-BAF STOCK REFER TO SASH815-79980 DATED 5/29/2015. ALL 
MAINTENANCE DONE IAW GIV CAW 521022. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 52 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590847
--- PAGE 53 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 17.86 
CMPGIV 521051 Door Seal Pressure Regulator - Functional Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 521051 Door Seal Pressure Regulator - Functional Test 
Discrepancy: 17.87 
CMPGIV 527005 Main Entrance Door Warning System - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 527005 Main Entrance Door Warning System - Operational Test 
Discrepancy: 17.88 
CMPGIV 527008 Baggage Door Warning System - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 527008 Baggage Door Warning System - Operational Test 
Discrepancy: 17.89 
CMPGIV 527012 Tail Comp Door Warning System - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 527012 Tail Comp Door Warning System - Operational Test 
Discrepancy: 17.90 
CMPGIV 532005 Cabin Compartment Above Floor - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 532005 Cabin Compartment Above Floor - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.91 
CMPGIV 532017 Cockpit Compartment Above Floor - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 532017 Cockpit Compartment Above Floor - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.92 
CMPGIV 532019 Cockpit Compartment Below Floor - Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 20I I 
Page 53 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590848
--- PAGE 54 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Invoice Number. 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 532019 Cockpit Compartment Below Floor - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.93 
CMP GIN, 251109 SEAT ASSEMBLY, PILOT 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.94 
CAP GP/ 251110 SEAT ASSEMBLY, COPILOT 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.95 
CMP GIV 532021 Cockpit Compartment Below Pedestal - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 532021 Cockpit Compartment Below Pedestal - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.96 
CMP GIV 532027 Entrance Compartment Behind Panel - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP CIV 532027 Entrance Compartment Behind Panel - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.97 
CMP GIV 532029 Entrance Compartment Above Floor -Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 532029 Entrance Compartment Above Floor - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.98 
CMP GIN, 532031 Entrance Compartment Brion Floor - Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 54 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
■e 322 
EFTA00590849
--- PAGE 55 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
W() 
Invoice Number. 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 532031 Entrance Compartment Below Moor Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.99 
CMPGIV 532033 Entrance Compartment Shelf - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 532033 Entrance Compartment Shelf - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.100 CMPGIV 532931 Baggage Compartment Above Floor - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 532041 Baggage Compartment Above Floor - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.101 CMPGIV 523001 Baggage Door - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 523001 Baggage Door - Removal /Installation 
Discrepancy: 17.102 CMPGIV 532045 Baggage Compartment Behind Panel - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 532045 Baggage Compartment Behind Panel - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.103 CMPGIV 532050 Engine /APU Fuel Feed Line - Inspection 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.104 CMPGIV 532052 Torque Box -Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 55 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
■e 322 
EFTA00590850
--- PAGE 56 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Invoice Number. 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP CIV 532052 Torque Box - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.105 CMP GIV 532055 Fuselage Interior / Wing Attach - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 532055 Fuselage Interior / Wing Attach - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.106 CMP GIV 532067 Tail Compartment Above Floor - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 532067 Tail Compartment Above Floor - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.107 CMP GIV 532069 Tall Compartment Below Floor- Inspection 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.108 CMP GIV 272001 RUDDER CONT SYS--OPS TEST 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.109 CMP GIV 273001 ELEVATOR CONTROL SYS, OF'S CK 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 17.110 CMP GIV 272019 Ruddrr ( able Assembly FS 470 - FS 760 (Right) 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 56 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rea21 
EFTA00590851
--- PAGE 57 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO U: 
Invoice Number: 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITII O,1P GIV 272019 RUDDER CABLE ASSEMBLY FS 470 - FS 760 (RIGHT) - REMOVAL/ 
INSTALLATION 
Discrepancy: 17.111 
CMPGIV 272020 Rudder Cable Assembly FS 470 - FS 760 (Left) 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 272020 RUDDER CABLE ASSEMBLY FS 470 - FS 760 (LEFTI REMOVAL/ 
INSTALLATION 
Discrepancy: 17.112 CMPGIV 273033 CABLE, ELEV CONTROL OUTBD MID 
Resolution: RQCI-
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 273033 ELEVATOR CABLE ASSEMBLY FS 470 - FS 740 (LEFT) - REMOVAL / 
INSTALLATION 
Discrepancy: 17.113 CMPGIV 273034 CABLE, ELEV CONTROL INBD MID 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 273034 ELEVATOR CABLE ASSEMBLY FS 470 - FS 740 (RIGHT) - REMOVAL/ 
INSTALLATION 
Discrepancy: 17.114 CMPGIV 532070 Shear Clips Aft Fuselage - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 532070 Shear Clips Aft Fuselage - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.115 CMPGIV 533005 Exterior Fuselage - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 533005 Exterior Fuselage - Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 57 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590852
--- PAGE 58 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO th 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 17.116 OAP GIV 535008 Nose Compartment / Radome Interior - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 535008 Nose Compartment / Radome Interior - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.117 CMP GIV 535012 Tau Cone Interior - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 535012 Tail Cone Interior - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.118 CAP GIV 535004 Tail Cone - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: REMOVED TAIL CONE P/N:1159821504-3, S/N:1085 FOR NIAINTENANCEINSTALLED SAME TAIL CONE 
P/N:1159B21504-3, S/N:1085. WORK DONE IANT GIV NISG3 CMP 535004 TAILCONE - REMOVAIJ 
INSTALLATION. OPS CHECK GOOD. 
Discrepancy: 17.119 CMP GIV 562005 Emergency Window Release - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 562005 EMERGENCY WINDOW RELEASE MECHANISM (INTERNAL AND 
EXTERNAL) - FUNCTIONAL TEST. 
Discrepancy: 17.120 CMP GIV 562007 WINDOW LEAK-CHECK 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 562007 EMERGENCY EXIT AND CABIN WINDOWS - LEAK CHECK. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 58 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Ildr:322 
EFTA00590853
--- PAGE 59 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO tl: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 17.121 CMPGIV 571064 Wing to Fuselage Attach (Left) - VLsual Con- Damage Insp 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 571064 Wing to Fuselage Attach (Left) - Visual Corr Damage Insp 
Discrepancy: 17.122 CMPGIV 571065 Wing to Fuselage Attach (Right) - Visual Corr Damage hup 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 571065 Wing to Fuselage Attach (Right) - Visual Corr Damage Insp 
Discrepancy: 17.123 CMPGIV 783005 Engine Thrust Reverser (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 783005 Engine Thrust Reverser (Left) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.124 CMPGIV 783006 Engine Thrust Reverser (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 783006 Engine Thrust Reverser (Right) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 17.125 CMPGIV 783009 Engine Thrust Reverser (Left) - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 783009 Engine Thrust Reverser (Left) - Operational Test 
Discrepancy: 17.126 CMPGIV 783010 Engine Thrust Reverser (Right) - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 783010 Engine Thrust Reverser (Right) - Operational Test 
Discrepancy: 17.127 ACCOMPLISH THE 24 MONTH AVIONICS CMPTASKS BELOW: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 59 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590854
--- PAGE 60 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WON: 
Invoice Number. 
Resolution: ACCOMPLISHED THE 24 MONTH AVIONICS CMP TASKS BELOW: 17.127 THRU 17.151 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$931.65 
Total USD: 
$931.65 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
17.12701 
7020116-1 
BATTERY PACK, NAV COMPUTER 
$31055 
$31055 
17.12712 
7020116-1 
BATTERY PACK, NAV COMPUTER 
$31055 
$621.10 
Discrepancy: 17.128 CMPGIV 236010 L Wing Static Discharger Wick - Resistance Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 236010 Static Discharger Wick (Left Wing) - Resistance Check 
Discrepancy: 17.129 CMPGIV 236011 R Wing Static Discharger Wick - Resistance Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 236011 Static Discharger Wick (Right Wing) - Resistance Check 
Discrepancy: 17.130 CMPGIV 236014 L Hz Stab Static Discharger Wick - Resistance Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 236014 Static Discharger Wick (Left Horizontal Stabilizer) - Resistance Check 
Discrepancy: 17.131 CMPGIV 236015 R Hz Stab Static Discharger Wick - Resistance Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 236015 Static Discharger Wick (Right Horizontal Stabilizer) - Resistance Check 
Discrepancy: 17.132 CMPGIV 236016 Vert Stab Static Discharger Wick - Resistance Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 236016 Static Discharger Wick (Vertical Stabilizer) - Resistance Check 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 60 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590855
--- PAGE 61 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO 4: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 17.133 CMP GIV 236020 Tall Cone Static Discharger Wick - Resistance Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 236020 Static Discharger Wick (Tail Cone) - Resistance Check 
Discrepancy: 17.134 CMP GIV 237041 CVR Underwater Locator Beacon - Functional Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 237041 CVR UNDERWATER LOCATOR BEACON (DK100/ DK120 
OPERATIONAI, 
TEST. BATTERY EXPIRATION DATE JAN 2017. 
Discrepancy: 17.135 CMP GIV 237047 CVR Underwater Locator Beacon - Battery Voltage Check (DK100 / DK120) 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.136 CMP GIV 237005 CVR Unit - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.137 CMP GIV 237030 CVR Underwater Locator Beacon - Removal / Installation (DK120) 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.138 CMP GIV 237048 CVR Underwater Locator Beacon - Switch Cleaning (DK100/ DK120) 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 20I I 
Page 61 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rea
EFTA00590856
--- PAGE 62 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO ti: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 17.139 CMP GIV 243189 Battery Circulating Fan - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 243189 Battery Circulating Fan - Operational Test 
Discrepancy: 17.140 CMP GIV 256112 ELT Registration (NO.2 RAFT) 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.141 CMP GIV 342037 Compass Swing No. 1 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.142 CMP GIV 342038 Compass Swing No. 2 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Discrepancy: 17.143 CMP GIV 346031 FMS Navigation Computer No. 1 - Battery Pack Replacement 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 346031 FMS NAVIGATION COMPUTER NO. 1 - BATTERY PACK REPLACEMENT, 
REMOVED FMS 81 BATTERY P/N 7020116-1 
NSN. INSTALLED NEW FhLS #1 BATTERY P/N 7020116-1 S/N 
NSN RECEIVED FROM HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL REFERENCE FAA FORM 8130-3 FORM TRACKING 
NUMBER 20150000713417Y14 8004388560-10; WORK ORDER WEPO15-02211; APPROVAL AUTH 
ODA-602216-NM; DATED 19/MAY/2015. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 62 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590857
--- PAGE 63 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO N: 
Invoice Number: 
Discrepancy: 17.144 CMP GIV 346015 FMS Navigation Computer No. 1 - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 346015 FMS NAVIGATION COMPUTER NO. 1 - REMOVAL! INSTALLATION. 
REMOVED FMS NAV COMPUTER P/N 7018879-03014 S/N 95120669. REINSTALLED ORIGINAL FMS NAV 
COMPUTER #1. REFERENCE 
FOR OPERATIONAL CHECK. 
Discrepancy: 17.145 CMP GIV 349800 Flight Management System No. 1 - Operational Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 349800 Flight Management System No. 1 - Operational Check 
Discrepancy: 17.146 CMP GIV 346032 FMS Navigation Computer No. 2 - Batter). Pack Replacement 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 346032 FMS NAVIGATION COMPUTER NO. 2 - BATTERY PACK REPLACEMENT. 
REMOVED FMS #2 BATTERY P/N 7020116-1 S/N NSN. INSTALLED NEW FMS #2 BATTERY P/N 7020116-1 S/N 
NSN RECEIVED FROM HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL REFERENCE FAA FORM 8130-3 FORM TRACKING 
NUMBER 20150000713417Y14 8004388560-10; WORK ORDER WEPO15-02211; APPROVAL AUTH 
ODA-602216-NM; DATED 19/MAY/2015. 
Discrepancy: 17.147 CMP GIV 346016 FMS Navigation Computer No. 2 - Remo\ al / Installatian 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 346015 FMS NAVIGATION COMPUTER NO. 2 - REMOVAL! INSTALLATION. 
REMOVED FMS NAV COMPUTER PIN 7018879-03014 S/N 99082387. REINSTALLED ORIGINAL FMS NAV 
COMPUTER #2. REFERENCE 
FOR OPERATIONAL CHECK. 
Discrepancy: 17.148 CMPGIV 349801 Flight Management System No. 2 - Operational Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 349801 Flight Management System No. 2 - Operational Check 
Discrepancy: 17.149 CMP GIV 346033 FMS Navigation Computer No. 3 - Battery Pack Replacement 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 63 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd 332 
EFTA00590858
--- PAGE 64 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It: 
Invoice Number: 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 346033 FMS NAVIGATION COMPUTER NO. 3 - BATTERY PACK REPLACEMENT. 
REMOVED FILLS #3 BATTERY P/N 7020116-1 S/N NSN. INSTALLED NEW FMS #3 BATTERY P/N 7020116-1 S/N 
NSN RECEIVED FROM HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL REFERENCE FAA FORM 8130-3 FORM TRACKING 
NUMBER 20150000713417Y14 8004388560-10; WORK ORDER WEPO15-02211; APPROVAL AUTH 
ODA-602216-NM; DATED 19/N1AT/2015. 
Discrepancy: 17.150 CMPGIV 346017 FMS Navigation Computer No. 3 - Removal Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 346017 FMS NAVIGATION COMPUTER NO. 3 - REMOVAL / INSTALLATION. 
REMOVED FILLS NAV COMPUTER P/N 7018879-03014 S/N 95120716. REINSTALLED ORIGINAL FMS NAV 
COMPUTER #3. REFERENCE 
FOR OPERATIONAL CHECK. 
Discrepancy: 17.151 CMP GIV 349803 Flight Management System No. 3 - Operational Check 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 349803 Flight Management System No. 3 - Operational Check 
Item: 18 
MONTH CMP TASKS DISCREPANCIES 
Team Manager. 
Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator. 
Vinny Cicala 
Part/Model a: 
AC Serial No./rail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 18.1 
DURING TAIL COMPARTMENT ABOVE FLOOR INSPECTION FOUND A WIRE HARNESS LYING ON 
HYDRAULIC LINE AFT OF FLIGHT SIDE RESERVOIR. 
Resolution: REMOVED PIECES OF OLD WIRE TYE AND INSTALLED 1 EA NEW TYE WRAP PN. TY28 FROM GAC-BAF 
STOCK TO MISSING POSITION ON WIRE HARNESS AFT OF FLIGHT RESOVOIR 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.37 
O 
$132.00 
$48.84 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
0.15 
O 
$198.00 
$29.70 
Total USD: 
$78.54 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 64 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590859
--- PAGE 65 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 182 
DURING TAIL COMPARTMENT ABOVE FLOOR INSPECTION FOUND WIRE HARNESS ON AFT SIDE 
OF APU COMPARTMENT HAS WIRE TYE SUPPORT BROKEN. 
Resolution: REPLACED MISSING WIRE TYE AFT SIDE OF APU COMPARTMENT P11. TY27 FROM GAC STOCK. NO 
OTHER DAMAGE NOTED. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
0.46 
$132.UU 
$60.72 
Thal USD: 
$60.72 
Discrepancy: 183 
DURING TAIL COMPARTMENT ABOVE FLOOR INSPECTION FOUND CANNON PLUG BACK SHELL 
MISSING PIECES R/H SIDE BLEED AIR DUCT. 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
5.87 
tg) 
$132.00 
$774.84 
Total USD: 
$774.84 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
18.312 
NIS3106FIIS-3S 
CONNECTOR 
$0.00 
50.00 
Step: 18.3.1 
Waiting 
Insp 
RECIEVED INCORRECT CONNECTOR. RESEARCHED THE CONNECTOR AND 
FOUND IT LIST ON CUSTOMER'S OUTFITTER DWG: WESTERN 
COMMANDER, INC DWG/S: 08030131 WD BLEED AIR CONTROL MONITOR. 
FOUND CABLE IDENTIFIER: HX14A20 TO CONNECTOR WITH BROKEN 
BACKSHELL. PLACED R/H ENGINE BLEED AIR PRECOOLER ON ORDER. 
Discrepancy: 18.4 
DURING TAIL COMPARTMENT ABOVE FLOOR INSPECTION FOUND THE LEFT AND RIGHT 
PRECOOLER DUCT INSPECTION WINDOWS CRACKED AND CRAZED AND MISSING WINDOW 
MOUNT RING. 
Resolution: REMOVED CRACKED AND CRAZED LEFT AND RIGHT INSPECTION WINDOWS P/N 1159ACP40008-I3 NSN. 
REMOVED TORN RIGHT HAND GASKET P/N 1159AC40040-37 NSN. INSTALLED NEW LEFT AND RIGHT HAND 
INSPECTION WINDOWS P/N 1159ACP40008-13 NSN. INSTALLED NEW RH GASKET P/N 1159AC40040-37. 
INSPECTION WINDOWS RECIEVED FROM GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORPORATION, REFERENCE 
CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE WITH PURCHASE ORDER SAP015-17426 DATED 5/7/2015. GASKET 
RECIEVED FROM GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORPORATION, REFERENCE FAA FORM 8130-3 WITH FORM 
TRACKING NUMBER 20141130024044 DATED 30 NOV 2014. ALL WORK DONE IN REFERENCE TO GAC 
DRAWING 1159ACP40002 REV B. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
239 
th) 
$132.00 
$315.48 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
0.50 
$198.00 
$99.00 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$1,772.34 
Total USD: 
$2,186.82 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 65 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:4IAM 
■e 322 
EFTA00590860
--- PAGE 66 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO tt: 
Invoice Number. 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number. 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
18.4 #1 
1159AC40040-37 
GASKET, AIR COND HEAT EXCH 
51,450.48 
$1,450.48 
INLET 
18.4 N2 
1159ACP40008-13 
COVER 
5160.93 
$321.86 
Discrepancy: 18.5 
DURING TAIL COMPARTMENT ABOVE FLOOR INSPECTION FOUND THE LEFT AND RIGHT 
PRECOOLER DUCT MOUNT FLANGE HARDWARE CORRODED. 
Resolution: REMOVED CORRODED HARDWARE ON LH AND RH PRECOOLER DUCT MOUNT FLANGES AND REPLACED 
WITH NEW HARDWARE P/N: NAS6603-3. NEW HARDWARE RECEIVED FROM GULFSTREAM STOCK. WORK 
DONE HAW GIV MM 21.00.00. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD. 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.22 
@ 
$132.00 
$557.04 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$112.32 
Total USD: 
$669.36 
Parts: 
Rel. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
18.5 #1 
NA56603-3 
BOLT, CLOSE TOLERANCE HEX 
$0.78 
$24.18 
HEAD 
18.5 #2 
NAS1149D0316H 
WASHER 
$0.78 
$56.16 
18.5 #3 
NA56603-3 
BOLT, CLOSE TOLERANCE HEX 
50.78 
$31.98 
HEAD 
Step: 18.5.1 
Completed 
STARTED REMOVING CORRODED HARDWARE ON RH PRECOOLER DUCT 
MOUNT FLANGE AND REPLACED WITH NEW HARDWARE P/N: NAS6603-3. 
NEW HARDWARE RECEIVED FROM GULFSTREAM STOCK. WORK DONE HAW 
GIV MM 21-00-00. 
Discrepancy: 18.6 
WHILE C/W CMP GIV 532017 COCKPIT COMPARTMENT ABOVE FLOOR - INSPECTION NOTED L/H 
AND R/H FIRE PULL HANDLES HAVE PAINT MISSING FROM THE "L" & "R" ON THE HANDLES 
Resolution: TOUCHED UP MISSING COLOR ON THE IJII AND R/Ii FIRE PULL HANDLES IN THE COCKPIT USING 
GRAVEOGRAPH WHITE #32808 ENGRAVERS ENAMEL 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
139 O 
$132.00 
$183.48 
Total USD: 
$183.48 
Discrepancy: 18.7 
WHILE C/W CMP 532069 TAIL COMPARTMENT BELOW FLOOR INSP NOTED ELEVATOR AFT LB 
CABLE WORN BEYOND LIMITS. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 66 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590861
--- PAGE 67 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: 
Invoice Number. 
Resolution: -RQCI-
REMOVED WORN INBOARD ELEVATOR CABLE (ES 470 THROUGH FS 740) P/N UNK SIN NSN. INSTALLED 
NEW CABLEASSY P/N 1159SB20431-37 S/N NSN. REFERENCE 8130-3 FORM TRACKING NO. 20150513074315 
DATED 5/13/2015 FROM GAC-SAV APPROVAL/AUTHORIZATION # ODA-511131-CE. ALL WORK PERFORMED 
IA.W GIV CMP 273034. CABLES TENSIONED JAW GIV CMP 273034 AND 273033. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
9.68 
@ 
$132.00 
$1,277.76 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$179.97 
Total USD: 
$1,457.73 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Scll puke Vtil) 
Extended USD 
18.7 NI 
11595B20431-37 
SWAGE CABLEASSY ELEVATOR 
5'68.27 
$168.27 
18,712 
MS21256-I 
CLIP 
IS 
$0.7% 
$11.70 
Step: 18.7.1 
Completed 
REMOVED WORN INBOARD ELEVATOR CABLE (FS 470 THROUGH FS 740) 
P/N UNK S/N NSN. INSTALLED NEW CABLEASSY P/N 1159SB20431.37 S/N NSN. 
REFERENCE 8130-3 FORM TRACKING NO. 20150513074315 DATED 5/13/2015 
FROM GAC-SAV APPROVAL/AUTHORIZATION 1 ODA-511131-CE. ALL WORK 
PERFORMED I.A.W GIV CMP 273034. CABLES HAVE NOT YET BEEN 
TENSIONED. 
Discrepancy: 18.8 
WHILE C/W CMP GIV 533005 EXTERIOR FUSELAGE - INSPECTION FOUND 2 RIVITS WITH MISSING 
HEADS JUST FWD OF RAM AIR INLET ON THE OH SIDE 
Resolution: REMOVED 4 EACH RIVETS JUST FWD OF RAM AIR INLET. 2 EACH ON RH SIDE. 2 EACH ON LH SIDE. 
REPLACED WITH NAS1921B4 RIVETS FROM GAC STOCK. ALL WORK PERFORMED IA.W GIV SRM 5142-00. 
REF GAC. BP. 1159B21871 REV. D 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.55 
@ 
$132.00 
$336.60 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$15.14 
Total USD: 
$351.74 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
18.8 NI 
NAS1921B04-04 
RIVET 
$1.81 
$3.62 
18.812 
NAS1921B04-03 
RIVET 
$1.90 
$3.80 
18.8 #3 
NAS1921B04-05 
RIVET 
$1.94 
$5.82 
18.814 
NAS1921B04-03 
RIVET 
$1.90 
$1.90 
Discrepancy: 18.9 
WHILE C/W CMP GIV 533005 EXTERIOR FUSELAGE - INSPECTION FOUND SEVERAL SCREWS 
LOOSE ON API) EXAUST SHIELD. 
Resolution: REMOVED ACCESS COVER ON INNER SURFACE OF APLI ACCESS DOOR ADDED 1 NAS1149C0363R WASHER 
TO EACH HEATSHIELD ATTACH FASTENER AND RETORQUED FASTENERS IN ACCORDANCE WITH GIV 
SRM51-41.00. REINSTALLED ACCESS COVER. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_VANkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 67 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 II:35:41AM 
Rd 331 
EFTA00590862
--- PAGE 68 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: 
Invoice Number: 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
4.44 
(# 
$132.00 
$586.08 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$12.48 
Total USD: 
5598.56 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
18.941 
NAS11491:0363R 
WASHER 
$0.78 
$10.92 
18.912 
MS21043-3 
NUT 
$0.78 
$1.56 
Discrepancy: 18.10 
WHILE CAV CMPGIV 533005 EXTERIOR FUSELAGE - INSPECTION FOUND AFT FUSELAGE BELLY 
DRAIN HOLE APPROX. F.S. 605 WITH MINOR CORROSION AROUND HOLE OPENING. 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
I.80 
@ 
$132.00 
$237.60 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$18.64 
Total USD: 
$256.24 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
18.1011 
515X333-20Z 
OZ TOUCHUP KIT, GREEN EPDXY 
$18.64 
$18.64 
PRIMER 
Step: 18.10.1 
Completed 
REMOVED MINOR CORROSION AROUND AFF FUSELAGE LH BELLY DRAIN 
HOLE AT APPROX. KS. 605. BY HAND WITH SCOTCH BRITE, APPLIED 
ALODINE, AND PRIMER AS REQUIRED. ALL WORK DONE IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH GAC GIV SRM 51-13-10, AND 51-21-21 AND 51-07-10. 
Discrepancy: 18.11 
WHILE C/W CMPGIV 532069 TAIL COMPARTMENT BELOW FLOOR- INSPECTION FOUND OB ELEV 
CABLE IN MLG WELL WELL HAS IMPROPER SIZE TURNBUCKLE INSTALLED. 
Resolution: RQCI 
VERIFIED CORRECT LENGTHS OF OUTBOARD, FORWARD AND AFT ELEVATOR CABLES. UPON FURTHER 
INVESTIGATION FOUND TURNBUCKLE P/N M52125-6L TO BE ACCEPTABLE FOR USE. WORK PERFORMED 
JAW GAC-DOC 1 1159SB20431 REV C, SHEET 2, 1159C20078 REV D, SHEET 2 AND 1159SB20430 REV B, SHEET 
2. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.92 
(# 
$132.00 
$517.44 
Total USD: 
$517.44 
Discrepancy: 18.12 
WHILE CAV CMPGIV 535008 NOSE COMPARTMENT/ RADOME INTERIOR - INSPECTION FOUND 
NOSE RADOME BONDING CONTACT POINTS ON FUSELAGE RUSTED. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 68 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590863
--- PAGE 69 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO 0: 
Invoice Number: 
Resolution: REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION ON 4 EACH CONTACT POINTS ON NOSE RADONIE BONDING CONTACT 
POINTS ON FUSELAGE. NO PITTING NOTED. CLEANED AND APPLIED PRIMER TO SURROUNDING AREAS 
OF CONTACT POINTS. ALL WORK PERFORMED IAM GIV. SRM 51-21-23. 51-13-10. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.00 
$132.00 
$264.00 
Total USD: 
$264.00 
Discrepancy: 18.13 
WHILE C/W CMPGIV 535008 NOSE COMPARTMENT/ RADOME INTERIOR - INSPECTION FOUND 
NOSE RADOME LATCHES RUSTING. 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.63 
@ 
$132.00 
$347.16 
Total USD: 
$357.06 
Step: 18.13.1 
Completed 
REMOVED SURFACE CORROSION ON 4 EACH RADOME HINGES. NO PITTING 
NOTED.APPLIEDALODINE TOALUMINUM ALLOY SURFACES. APPLIED 
PRIMER COATING TO METAL ALLOY SURFACES. ALL WORK PERFORMED 
LAW GIV SRM 51-21-23. 51-13-10. 
Step: 18.13.2 
Open 
OPEN FOR FINAL PAINT 
Discrepancy: 18.14 
WHILE C/W CMPGIV 533005 EXTERIOR FUSELAGE - INSPECTION FOUND PILOTS WINDSHILED 
WIPER BLADE DETERIORATED. 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 18.15 
WHILE C/W CMPGIV 533005 EXTERIOR FUSELAGE - INSPECTION FOUND BOTH PILOTS AND 
COPILOTS WINDSHIELD WIPER ARMS AT BASE OF WIPER CONTACTING FUSELAGE SKIN. 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
11.45 
@ 
$132.00 
$1,511.40 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$3.90 
Total USD: 
$1,515.30 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Parr number: 
lkscription 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 69 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 II:35:41AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590864
--- PAGE 70 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Farts: 
WO 1/: 
Invoice Number. 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
18.1501 
NAS1580A3T6 
SCREW 
S 
$0.78 
$3.90 
Step: 18.15.1 
Waiting 
REMOVED THE LAI AND Rai WINDSHIELD WIPER ARMS PIN N/A SIN NSN. 
Insp 
FOUNDTHE ARM MOUNTING GUIDE INSTALLED INCORRECTLY REMOVED 
AND INSTALLED THE ARM MOUNTING GUIDE CORRECTLY. FOUND 
CORRLSION ON THE MOUNTING PANEL FOR THE L/H AND Rill WIPER 
MOTORS. ALL WORK DONE JAW GULFSTREAP4 GIV MM 30-04-00. 
Step: 18.15.2 
Completed 
REMOVED 1./11 WINDSHIELD WIPER MOTOR ASSY. P/N: XW23796-1 S/N: 343. 
MW GIV CMP 304005. REMOVED R/H WINDSHIELD WIPER MOTOR ASSY. PIN: 
XW23796-2 S/N: 336 WW GIV CMP 304006. 
Discrepancy: 18.16 
WHILE C/W CMP GIV 216098 AIR CYCLE MACHINE COMPRESSOR OUTLET OVERHEAT SWITCH 
(RIGHT) - TRIP POINT CHECK FOUND BOTH TEMP AND RESISTANCE CHECKS FAILED FOR THIS 
UNIT. 
Resolution: REMOVED OUTLET OVERHEAT SWITCH WITH PIN 1173T0458, SIN 1914. INSTALLED A NEW OUTLET 
OVERHEAT SWITCH WITH P/N 1173T0458 SIN 2086. REFERENCE 8130-3 WITH FORM TRACKING d 
20141124015239 DATED 24 NOV 2014 FROM GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORP. CRS? ODA-511131 . ALL 
WORK DONE IN ACCORDANCE WITH GV AMA 21-01.09 AND GV CMP 216096 SW R ACM COMPRESS OUT 
O/11EAT SWITCH OP CHECKS GOOD 
UPDATE CMP AS REQUIRED 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
3.65 
@ 
$132.00 
$481.80 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$5,413.56 
Total USD: 
$5,895.36 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
18.1641 
11737'0458 
OVERHEAT SWITCH, ACM 
$5,412.00 
$5,412.00 
COMPRESSOR OUTLET PILOT 
OVERHEAD 
18.1642 
59026E112 
O'RING 
$0.78 
$1.56 
Discrepancy: 18.17 
CMP GIV 533005 EXTERIOR FUSELAGE - INSPECTION FOUND FWD GOGO BIZ ANTENNA (AFT 
BELLY) HAS MISSING AND DETERIORATED EROSION TAPE 
Resolution: REMOVED OLD DETERIORATED EROSION TAPE, CLEANED AFFECTED AREA WITH ISOPROPYL 
ALCOHOL AND REPLACED WITH NEW EROSION TAPE AS REQUIRED. 
Labor USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
1.07 
d/ 
$132.00 
$141.24 
Total USD: 
$141.24 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 70 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 II:35:41AM 
Rd 322 
EFTA00590865
--- PAGE 71 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: 
Invoice Number: 
Discrepancy: 18.18 
WHILE C/W CMP GIV 533005 EXTERIOR FUSELAGE - INSPECTION FOUND NOSE SKIN FLANGE AFT 
OF RADOME AT 11:00 OCLOCK POSITION TO BE TORN APROX 1/4" LONG 
Resolution: UPON FURTHER INVESTIGATION OF NOSE FLANGE.FOUND AREA OF SEALANT TORN. REAPPLIED 
SEALANT TO AFFECTED AREA. ALL WORK PERFORMED LAW SRM51-22-00 . GAMPS 7115. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.01 
(F) 
$132.00 
$265.32 
Total USD: 
$265.32 
Discrepancy: 18.19 
WHILE C/W CMP GIV 533005 EXTERIOR FUSELAGE - INSPECTION FOUND FWD OXYGEN BLOW OUT 
DISK TO BE UNSERVICABLE. 
Resolution: REMOVED UNSERVICABLE O2 BLOWOUT DISC. INSTALLED NEW DISC P/N 171-10 NSN RECEIVED FROM 
AVOX SYSTEMS. REF COC REFERENCE # 731642 DATED 26JAN2012. WORK DONE lAW GAC BP 1159AC40826 
REV B. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
2.86 
@ 
$132.00 
$377.52 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$21.24 
Total USD: 
$398.76 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
 Part number: 
 Description 
Ql1.111111> 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
1&1981 
171-10 
INDICATOR. OXYGEN DLSC 
$21.24 
$21.24 
Discrepancy: 18.20 
DURING TAIL COMPARTMENT ABOVE FLOOR INSPECTION FOUND THE COMBINED HYDRAULIC 
SYSTEM RESERVOIR LEAKING EXTERNALLY AT THE AFT SIDE OF THE RESERVOIR. 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 18.21 
DURING TAIL COMPARTMENT ABOVE FLOOR INSPECTION FOUND THE FLIGHT SIDE RESERVOIR 
LEAKING EXTERNALLY AT THE AFT SIDE OF THE RESERVOIR. 
Resolution: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 71 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 II:35:41AM 
Ret322 
EFTA00590866
--- PAGE 72 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 18.22 
WHILE C/W CMP GIV 562005 EMERGENCY WINDOW RELEASE - OPERATIONAL TEST FOUND RH #1 
E-WINDOW FAILED RELEASE CHECK RELEASE TENSION TOO LOW. 
Resolution: RQCI 
PERFORMED PULL TEST AND FOUND ALL FOUR WINDOW RELEASE LEVERS TO BE OVER TIGHTENED, 
AND ROLLERS ON WINDOW RELEASE LEVERS TO BE OUT OF RIG. ADJUSTED WINDOW RELEASE LEVER 
SET SCREWS AND CONTROL RODS. 
PERFORMED E EXIT RIGGING AND FUNCTIONAL CHECK TAW GULFSTREAM GIV MM 56-22-00 WITH NO 
FURTHER DISCREPANCIES NOTED. 
RECEIVED O.K. TO INSTALL AND ACCOMPLISHED WINDOW R&I TAW GULFSTREAM GIV MM CH 52-22-00. 
PERFORMED E EXIT WINDOW LEAK CHECK LAW GULFSTREAM GIV MM CH 56-21-00. NO FURTHER 
DEFECTS NOTED. 
Labor USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
9.20 
$132.00 
$1,214.40 
Total USD: 
$1,214.40 
Discrepancy: 18.23 
WHILE C/W CMP GIV 562005 EMERGENCY WINDOW RELEASE - OPERATIONAL TEST FOUND RH # 2 
WINDOW LEAKING FROM LEADING AND TRAILING EDGES. 
Resolution: RQCI 
REMOVED RH #2 E EXIT-WINDOW, CLEANED BED SEAL.RECEIVED O.K. TO INSTALL AND INSTALLED RH 
#2 E EXIT-WINDOW TAW GIV M. CH 52-22-00. 
PERFORMED E EXIT WINDOW LEAK CHECK RSV GULFSTREAM GIV MM CH 56-21-00. NO FURTHER 
DEFECTS NOTED. 
Labor USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
7.46 
(P) 
$132.00 
$984.72 
Total USD: 
$984.72 
Discrepancy: 18.24 
WHILE C/W CMP GIV 532031 ENTRANCE COMPARTMENT BELOW FLOOR - INSPECTION FOUND 
INDENTATIONS ON TOP OF FLOORBOARD FLR-15 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 18.25 
CMP GIV 533005 EXTERIOR FUSELAGE - INSPECTION FOUND PILOTS PITOT HEAD HAS DENTED TIP 
OPENING 
Resolution: 
For detail description of the work complied wilh see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 72 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590867
--- PAGE 73 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: 
Invoice Number. 
Item: 19 
MONTH CMP TASKS (GIV SN 1085) 
Team Manager. 
Charles Helwig 
Customer Coordinator: 
Vinny Cicala 
Pan/Model #: 
AC Serial No./Tail No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 19.1 
MONTH CAP TASKS (LABOR ONLY) 
Resolution: 
ACCOMPLISH 36 MONTH CMP TASKS. (EXHIBIT 3) 
NOTES: 
CORRECTION OF DISCREPANCIES IS NOT INCLUDED IN THE QUOTED PRICE. 
DUE LIST PROJECTED THROUGH 31 DECEMBER 2016. 
IF CADMIUM PLATING DEGRADATION IS FOUND DURING THE WING TANK INTERNAL 
INSPECTION, ESTIMATED REPAIRS COST CAN BE $35,000 IN LABOR AND MATERIALS DEPENDING 
ON THE CONDITION OF THE AIRCRAFT. 
RE: PROPOSAL 
-2.3 
•» LABOR ONLY 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Raw 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Flat Rate 
530,078.75 
Total USD: 
530,078.75 
Discrepancy: 19.2 
ACCOMPLISH THE 36 MONTH SERVICE CMP TASKS BEIA)W: 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Raw 
I ot.J 
Parts USD: 
Total USD: 
Parts: 
Time and Material 
S1.00.1.36 
51.00436 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
19.2 MI 
ACETONE 
ACETONE (55 GAL DRUM = 440 PTS 
SI-58 
$3.16 
= 365 LBS) 
19.2 #2 
NA.S754-204 
BUSHING 
$10.53 
$42.12 
19.2 #3 
NA.S754-I27 
BUSHING 
$2238 
$44.76 
19.2 #4 
NA.S75-4-130 
BUSHING 
$23.46 
$46.92 
19.2 #5 
M524665-151 
COTTER PIN 
$0.78 
SII.70 
For detail description or the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 73 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 11:35:41AM 
Rd 322 
EFTA00590868
--- PAGE 74 ---
Bill To: ,TEGE, LLC 
Parts: 
WO #: 
Invoice Number. 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
19.216 
EIS20605R3W4 
RIVET 
$0.78 
$7.80 
19.217 
GAR501AC3-5 
RIVET [SEE EIS28605S3W5l 
$1.03 
$6.18 
19.218 
EIS21075L0SN 
NUT PLATE 
$0.78 
$0.78 
19.219 
NAS1580C3T3 
BOLT 
$0.78 
$23.40 
19.2 #10 
MS27039-1-06 
SCREW-MACHINE,PAN HEAD 
$0.78 
$0.78 
19.2111 
NAS1149D0316H 
WASHER 
$0.78 
$0.78 
19.2112 
PR1440B1-2-654 
SEALANT, 6 OUNCE #654 SEMKIT 
$31.39 
$62.78 
1/2 HOUR WORK LIFE 
19.2113 
PR1440B1-2-654 
SEALANT, 6 OUNCE. #654 SEEIKIT 
$31.39 
$125.56 
1/2 HOUR WORK LIFE 
19.2114 
PR1440B1.2-654 
SEALANT, 6 OUNCE 0654 SEhlKIT 
$31.39 
$31.39 
1/2 HOUR WORK LIFE 
19.2 #15 
NAS1993-3T 
SCREW 
$0.93 
$27.90 
19.2 #16 
NAS1581C3T2 
SCREW, FLUSH HEAD 100 DEGREE 
$0.78 
$11.70 
SHEAR 
19.2 #17 
MS24694-552 
SCREW - MACHINE, FLAT - CSK 
$0.78 
$39.00 
19.2 #18 
NAS158IC3T3 
SCREW 
$0.78 
$35.10 
19.2 #19 
PRI440B1-2-654 
SEALANT, 6 OUNCE #654 SEEIKIT 
$31.39 
$62.78 
1/2 HOUR WORK LIFE 
19.2120 
PR1440B1-2-654 
SEALANT, 6 OUNCE. #654 SKAIKIT 
$31.39 
$313.90 
1/2 HOUR WORK LIFE 
19.2121 
AN960-10 
FLAT WASHER 
$0.78 
$3.90 
19.2 #22 
NAS1149F0332P 
WASHER, FLAT STEEL 
$0.78 
$0.78 
19.2 #23 
515X333-2OZ 
OZ TOUCHUP KIT, GREEN EPDXY 
$18.64 
$37.28 
PRIMER 
19.2 #24 
A EROSHELLI4 
GREASE. 6.6 POUND CAN 
$63.91 
$63.91 
Discrepancy: 193 
CMPGIV 270101 Stall Barrier /Angle or Attack System - Ops Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 270101 Stall Barrier /Angle of Attack System - Ops Test 
Discrepancy: 19.4 
CMPGIV 270221 Stall Barrier Dump Valve - Operational Test 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 270221 Stall Barrier Dump Valve - Operational Test 
Discrepancy: 19.5 
CMPGIV 272038 Rudder Pedals - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 272038 Rudder Pedals - Lubrication 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 74 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 II:35:41AM 
Itc.322 
EFTA00590869
--- PAGE 75 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO ft 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 19.6 
CMPGIV 275009 Flap Actuator Yoke (Left Inboard) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 275009 Flap Actuator Yoke (Left Inboard) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 19.7 
CMPGIV 275003 Flap (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 275003 Flap (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 19.8 
CMPGIV 275010 Flap Actuator Yoke (Right Inboard) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 275010 Flap Actuator Yoke (Right Inboard) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 19.9 
CMPGIV 275004 Flap (Right) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI: 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 275004 FLAP (RIGHT) - REMOVAL/ INSTALLATION 
Discrepancy: 19.10 
CMPGIV 275011 Flap Actuator Yoke (Left Outboard) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 275011 Flap Actuator Yoke (Left Outboard) - Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 75 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590870
--- PAGE 76 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO #: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 19.11 
CMPGIV 275012 Flap Actuator Yoke (Right Outboard) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 275012 Flap Actuator Yoke (Right Outboard) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 19.12 
CMPGIV 275027 Flap Actuator Bushing (Left) - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 275027 Flap Actuator Bushing (Left) - Lubrication 
Discrepancy: 19.13 
CMPGIV 275005 Inboard Flap Actuator (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 27.5005 Inboard Flap Actuator (Left) • Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 19.14 
CMPGIV 275007 Outboard Flap Actuator (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 275007 Outboard Flap Actuator (Left) - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 19.15 
CMPGIV 275028 Flap Actuator Bushing (Right) - Lubrication 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 275028 Flap Actuator Bushing (Right) - Lubrication 
Discrepancy: 19.16 
CMPGIV 275006 Inboard Flap Actuator (Right) - Removal / Installation 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 20I I 
Page 76 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590871
--- PAGE 77 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO 8: 
Invoice Number. 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 275006 Inboard Flap Actuator (Right) - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 19.17 
CMP GIV 275008 Outboard Flap Actuator (Right) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 275008 Outboard Flap Actuator (Right) - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 19.18 
CMP GIV 280005 Fuel Control System - Functional Test 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 19.19 
CMP GIV 532007 Forward Cabin Compartment Below Floor - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 532007 Forward Cabin Compartment Below Floor - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 19.20 
CMP GIV 532009 MIdcabin Compartment Below Floor - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 532009 Mldcabin Compartment Below Floor - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 19.21 
OAP GIV 551019 Horizontal Stabilizer/Elevator (Exterior) (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 551019 Horizontal Stabilizer / Elevator (Exterior) (Left) - Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 77 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590872
--- PAGE 78 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO 41: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 19.22 
CMPGIV 273003 Elevator Free Play - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 273003 Elevator Free Play - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 19.23 
CMPGIV 551020 Horiz Stabilizer/ Elevator (Exterior) (Right) - lnsp 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 551020 Horiz Stabilizer/ Elevator (Exterior) (Right) - Insp 
Discrepancy: 19.24 
CMPGIV 551023 Horizontal Stabilizer / Elevator (Interior/ Exterior) (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 551023 Horizontal Stabilizer / Elevator (Interior/ Exterior) (Left) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 19.25 
CMPGIV 551024 Hz Stabilizer/Elevator (Interior/Exterior) (Right) - Imp 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 551024 Hz Stabilizer/Elevator (Interior/Exterior) (Right) - Insp 
Discrepancy: 19.26 
CMPGIV 553005 Vertical Stabilizer / Rudder (External) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 553005 Vertical Stabilizer / Rudder (External) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 19.27 
CMPGIV 553007 Vertical Stabilizer / Rudder (Internal) - Inspection 
Resolution: RQCI 
COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 553007 Vertical Stabilizer / Rudder (Internal) - Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 78 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590873
--- PAGE 79 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO tt: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 19.28 
CMPGIV 571011 Wing Front Beam Ili-Lite Collars (Left) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 571011 Wing Front Beam III-Lite Collars (Left) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 19.29 
CMPGIV 261169 SWITCHES, L WG O-TEMP--CK 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261169 SWITCHES, L WG O-TEMP--CK 
Discrepancy: 19.30 
CMPGIV 574005 Wing Leading Edge (Left Inboard) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 574005 Wing Leading Edge (Left Inboard) - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 19.31 
CMPGIV 574011 Wing Leading Edge (Left Center) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 574011 Wing Leading Edge (Left Center) - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 1932 
CMPGIV 574017 Wing Leading Edge (Left Outboard) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 574017 Wing Leading Edge (Left Outboard) - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 19.33 
CMPGIV 571012 Wing Front Beam Hi-Lite Collars (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 571012 Wing Front Beam Hi-Lite Collars (Right) - Inspection 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 79 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd 322 
EFTA00590874
--- PAGE 80 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO 0: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 19.34 
CMPGIV 261170 SWITCHES, R WG O-TEMP—CK 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 261170 SWITCHES, R WG O-TEMP--CK 
Discrepancy: 19.35 
CMPGIV 574006 Wing Leading Edge (Right Inboard) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 574006 Wing Leading Edge (Right Inboard) - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 19.36 
CMPGIV 574012 Wing Leading Edge (Right Center) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 574012 Wing Leading Edge (Right Center) - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 19.37 
CMPGIV 574018 Wing Leading Edge (Right Outboard) - Removal / Installation 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 574018 Wing Leading Edge (Right Outboard) - Removal / Installation 
Discrepancy: 19.38 
CMPGIV 571025 Wing Tank Interior cl.e(t) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 571025 Wing Tank Interior (Left) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 19.39 
CMPGIV 280011) Deluding Procedures 
Resolution: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 80 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rea
EFTA00590875
--- PAGE 81 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO 4: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 19.40 
CMPGIV 280018 Fuel Tank (Left) - Leak Check 
Resolution: 
Discrepancy: 19.41 
CMPGIV 282025 Fuel Pickup Screen (Main Left Wing) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 282025 Fuel Pickup Screen (Main Left Wingi - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 19.42 
CMPGIV 282026 Fuel Pickup Screen (Alternate Left Wing) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 282026 Fuel Pickup Screen (Alternate Left Wing) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 19.43 
CMPGIV 571003 Wing Fasteners - Cadmium Plating Degradation - Check (Left) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 571003 Wing Fasteners Cadmium Plating Degradation - Check (Left) 
Discrepancy: 19.44 
CMPGIV 571026 Wing Tank Interior (Right) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 571026 Wing Tank Interior (Right) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 19.45 
CMPGIV 280019 Fuel Tank (Right) - Leak Check 
Resolution: 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 20I I 
Page 81 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590876
--- PAGE 82 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO 4: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 19.46 
CMPGIV 282027 Fuel Pickup Screen (Main Right Wing) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 282027 Fuel Pickup Screen (Main Right Wing) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 19.47 
CMPGIV 282028 Fuel Pickup Screen (Alternate Right Wing) - Inspection 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 282028 Fuel Pickup Screen (Alternate Right Wing) - Inspection 
Discrepancy: 19.48 
CMPGIV 571004 Wing Fasteners Cadmium Plating Degradation - Check (Right) 
Resolution: COMPLIED WITH CMP GIV 571004 Wing Fasteners - Cadmium Plating Degradation - Check (Right) 
Discrepancy: 19.49 
ACCOMPLISH THE 36 MONTH AVIONICS CMPTASKS BELOW: 
Resolution: ACCOMPLISHED THE 36 MONTH AVIONICS CMP TASKS BELOW: 19.50 
Discrepancy: 19.50 
CMPGIV 245051 AC / DC Power Distribution System - Functional Test 
Resolution: CUSTOMER REQUESTS NO ACTION AT THIS TIME. 
Item: 20 
MONTH COP TASKS DISCREPANCIES 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 82 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590877
--- PAGE 83 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO th 
Invoice Number. 
Team Manager. 
Charles Helw ig 
Customer Coordinator: 
Vinny Cicala 
Pan/Model $/: 
AC Serial No./Thil No.: 
TSN/TSO: 
CSN/CSO: 
Aircraft Time: 
Discrepancy: 20.1 
WHILE C/W CMP GIV 571003 WING FASTENERS - CADMIUM PLATING DEGRADATION - CHECK 
(LEFT) FOUND DEGRIDATION OF CADMIUM PLATING. 
Resolution: CLEANED ALL Lill WING CADMIUM FASTENERS WITH NYLON BRUSH AND NOVEC 7100. PAINTED 
FASTENERS WITH FUEL TANK INTEGRAL PAINT 823-011. ALL WORK DONE WW GIV CORROSION 
PREVENTION CONTROL MANUAL 57-10-00 AND CNN 571004. 
Labor USD: 
Labor USD: 
Pans USD: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Time and Material 
ST 
47.89 
O 
$132.00 
56,321.48 
Time and Material 
OT 
4.77 
O 
$198.00 
5944.46 
Time and Material 
$1,708.58 
Total USD: 
58,974.52 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Pan number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
20.1 NI 
HFE-7100 
SOLVENT, GALLON, NOVEC 7100 
8854.29 
51,708.58 
Step: 20.1.1 
Completed 
Step: 20.1.2 
Waiting 
rasp 
CLEANED AND PAINTED FASTENERS IN MI FUEL BAYS I THRU 4. CLEANED 
FASTENERS IN BAYS 13 THRU IS AND LS READY FOR PAINLCLEANED 
FASTENERS IN BAYS 5 AND 6 AND IS READY FOR PAINT. ALL WORK DONE 
1AW GIV CMP 571004. 
CLEANED AND PAINTED FASTENERS IN MI FUEL BAYS 10THROUGH I& 
ALL WORK DONE IAW G1V CA1P 571004. 
Discrepancy: 202 
WHILE C/W CMP GIV 571004 WING FASTENERS- CADMIUM PLATING DEGRADATION -CHECK 
(RIGHT) FOUND CADMIUM DEGRADATION. 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
47.18 
(8) 
$132.00 
$6,227.76 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
0.30 
(8) 
$198.00 
$59.40 
Total USD: 
56,287.16 
Step: 20.2.1 
Completed 
CLEANED FASTENERS IN RAI WING INSIDE FUEL PANELS 22-17-14 TO 
22-RT-18. ALL WORK DONE lAW CIV MSG-3 CORROSION PREVENTION 
CONTROL MANUAL 57-10-00. 
Step: 20.2.2 
Completed 
CLEANED FASTENERS IN RAI WING INSIDE FUEL PANELS 22-F r-8
22-RT-13. ALL WORK DONE 1AW CIV CORROSION PREVENTION CONTROL 
MANUAL 57-10-00 AND CMP 571004 
Step: 20.2.3 
Waiting 
PAINTED FASTENERS IN R/H WING INSIDE FUEL PANELS 22-FP-8 TO 22-FP-13. 
Insp 
ALL WORK DONE IAW CIV CORROSION PREVENTION CONTROL MANUAL 
57-10-00 AND CA1P 571004. 
Step: 20.2.4 
Waiting 
CLEANED FASTENERS IN RAI WING INSIDE FUEL PANELS 22-FP-1TO 22-FT.S. 
Incp 
ALL WORK DONE IAW G1V CORROSION PREVENTION CONTROL MANUAL 
57-10-00 AND CMP 571004. 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_VttorkOrderPreliminarylnvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 83 of 123 
Printed: 321/2016 11:35:41AM 
Rd: 322 
EFTA00590878
--- PAGE 84 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO It: 
Invoice Number. 
Discrepancy: 203 
WHILE C/W CMP GIV 553005 VERTICAL STABILIZER / RUDDER (EXTERNAL) - INSPECTION FOUND A 
LARGE SPOT OF EXFOLIATION CORROSIONON LH SIDE OF VERTICAL STAB AT BASE 
Resolution: 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
ST 
39.46 
$132.00 
$5,208.72 
Labor USD: 
Time and Material 
OT 
10.73 
$198.00 
$2,124.54 
Parts USD: 
Time and Material 
$3,060.66 
Total USD: 
$10,393.92 
Parts: 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
20.3N1 
1159S1120470-23 
DOUBLER 
$1.061.89 
$1,061.89 
20.313 
NAS1921M05-03 
RIVET 
$3.75 
$7.50 
20.314 
GAR501AB6-4 
RIVET 
$8.59 
$17.18 
20.315 
OSMISIO0B0505 
RIVET, OVERSIZE 
I 
$73.50 
$73.50 
20.316 
0Sh11-SIOOM05-05 
RIVET 
$31.20 
$499.20 
20.317 
NAS1921M05-05 
RIVET 
$6.42 
$51.36 
20.318 
NAS1921M05-03 
RIVET 
-10 
$3.75 
$150.00 
20.319 
NAS1921M05-04 
RIVET 
$4.28 
$25.68 
20.3110 
NAS1921M04-04 
RIVET. HUCK FLUSH HEAD 
$6.70 
$13.40 
20.3 III 
NAS1921M04-05 
RIVET 
$4.47 
$134.10 
20.3113 
OSMIS1003406-06 
RIVET 
$30.90 
$92.70 
20.3114 
NIS21042L3 
NUT 
$0.78 
$6.24 
20.3115 
MS90353-0505 
RIVET 
$1.41 
$19.74 
20.3116 
GAR501AB6-6 
RIVET 
$16.29 
$32.58 
20.3117 
GARSOIAB6-7 
RIVET 
$14.32 
$28.64 
20.3118 
NAS1921M06S05 
RIVET. SINGLE ACTION HUCK 
$6.00 
$12.00 
20.3119 
PS87082-654 
SEALANT. 3.5 OUNCE #654 SEMKIT 
I 
$69.89 
$69.89 
(MEETS SPEC MIL-PRF-81733 REV D 
05/98) 
20.3120 
NASI921M04-06 
RIVET 
$4.12 
$20.60 
20.3121 
NAS1921M04-05 
RIVET 
$4.47 
$40.23 
20.3122 
NAS1921M04-06 
RIVET 
$4.12 
$37.08 
20.3123 
NAS1921M05-04 
RIVET 
$4.28 
$98.44 
20.3124 
()Shit-4;10080401 
OVERSIZE RIVET 
$8.00 
$16.00 
20.3125 
(kShIlS10080505 
RIVET. OVERSIZE 
$73.50 
$147.00 
20.3126 
PS870112-654 
SEALANT, 3.5 OUNCE *654 SEMKIT 
$69.89 
$69.89 
(MEETS SPEC MIL-PRE-81733 REV D 
05/98) 
20.3127 
PRI44081-2-654 
SEALANT, 6 OUNCE 1654 SEMKIT 
$31.39 
$31.39 
1/2 HOUR WORK LIFE 
20.3128 
NASI149D0316K 
WASHER-FLAT ANODIZED ALUM 
$0.78 
$6.24 
20.3129 
NASI581C3R3 
BOLT 
$2.14 
$2.14 
20.3130 
NASI581C3R2 
BOLT 
$0.99 
$0.99 
20.3 #31 
NAS1581C3R4 
BOLT, FLSHR HD 
$0.78 
$0.78 
20.3132 
NASI581C3R5 
BOLT, FLSHR HD 
$0.86 
$0.86 
20.3133 
NAS1149D0332K 
WASHER, FLAT ANODIZED 
$0.78 
$3.90 
ALUMINUM 
20.3134 
NAS114900332,1 
WASHER 
$0.78 
$3.90 
For detail description of the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document are in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_VriarkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rpt 2011 
Page 84 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 11:35:41AM 
Rd 332 
EFTA00590879
--- PAGE 85 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
Parts: 
WO tl: 
Invoice Number. 
Ref. No. 
Part number: 
Description 
Quantity 
Sell price USD 
Extended USD 
20.3035 
NA51149D0363H 
WASHER 
$0.78 
$3.90 
20.3036 
515X333-20Z 
OZ TOUCHUP KIT. GREEN EPDXY 
$18.64 
$18.64 
PRIMER 
20.3037 
08611-S100/005-04 
RIVET 
$58.71 
$234.84 
20.3038 
P,S.1370B1-2DAB-KIT 
SEALANT, 50 GRAM KIT (CUP & 
$28.24 
$28.24 
SYRINGE) (MEETS SPEC 
MIL-PRF-81733 REV D 05198) 
(INTERNAL ONLY1 
Step: 20.3.1 
Completed 
REMOVED PAINT AND A FASTENER AT DISCREPANT AREA. STARTED TO 
MECHANICALLY REMOVE CORROSION. FOUND CORROSION DAMAGE TO 
EXTERNAL DOUBLER TO EXTEND THROUGH OVER 50% OF MATERIAL 
CAUSING DOUBLER TO BE UNSERVICEABLE. 
ALL WORK DONE TAW GIV SRM 51.13.21 AND 51-42-00. 
Step: 20.3.2 
Completed 
REMOVED REMAINING FASTENERS AND SCREWS RETAINING DOUBLER. 
UPON REMOVAL OF DOUBLER. FOUND VERTICAL STAB SKIN UNDER MATED 
DOUBLER TO HAVE MULTIPLE AREAS OF SURFACE CORROSION. 
MECHANICALLY REMOVED CORROSION USING FINE ABRASIVES. 
ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 51.13.21 AND 51-42-00. 
Step: 20.33 
Completed 
FOUND AND REMOVED SMALL AREA OF LIGHT SURFACE CORROSION 
DIRECTLY BELOW -23 DOUBLER ON TAILCONE SKIN. 
NDT MEASUREMENTS OF Al.L REWORKED AREAS WHERE CORROSION WAS 
REMOVED WERE PERFORMED BY STS INC. REF LOG BOOK ENTRY WITH 
W/O 12691 DATED 16 MARCH. 2016. LOWEST SKIN THICKNESS ON VERTICAL 
STAB RECORDED WAS .054 AND LOWEST THICKNESS ON TAILCONE SKIN 
WAS .072. 
ALL WORK DONE IAW GIV SRM 51.13.21 AND 51-42-00. 
Step: 20.3.4 
Completed 
REQUEST ENGINEERING EVALUATION FOR CONTINUED SERVICE OF 
BLENDED AREAS WHERE CORROSION WAS REMOVED ON VERTICAL STAB 
UNDER -23 DOUBLER. AND DIRECTLY BELOW DOUBLER ON TAILCONE 
SKIN. 
Step: 20.3.5 
Completed 
ENGINEERING DISPOSITION: 
THE REMAINING THICKNESS AFTER CORROSION REMOVAL ON THE 
1159CS20154 VERT STAB SKIN AND 1159821601 ANGI.E ARE STRUCTURALLY 
ACCEPTABLE FOR CONTINUED SERVICE. 
COMPLETE REMAINDER OF WORK TAW ASC 230. 
Step: 20.3.6 
Walling 
APPLIED AIAMINF: TO ALL BARE METALAREAS. APPLIED 
Insp 
COUNTEILSINK/MLSMATCH FILL COAT OF EA934NA HYSOL, FEATHER 
SANDED DOWN FLUSH AND APPLIED ALODINE AND PRIMER TO ALL 
REMAINING BARE METAL. 
RECEIVED NEW 1159SB20470-23 DOUBLER FROM GULFSTREAM SAVANNAH. 
REFERENCE FAA FORM 8130-3 WITH FORM TRACKING6 20091028083347. AND 
AUTHORIZATION./ ODA-511131-CE DATED OCT 28. 2009. 
MATCH DRILLED NEW -23 DOUBLER USING EXLSTING DOUBLER AS GUIDE. 
COUNTERSUNK AND DEBURRED HOLES, AND APPLIED ALODINE TO ALL 
BARE METALAREAS. 
INSTALLED -23 DOUBLER AND ALL ATTACHING FASTENERS WET WITH 
PS870 SEALANT. 
ALL WORK DONE IAW GULFSTREAM DRAWING 1159SB20470 AND 
ENGINEERING DISPOSITION 
WITH REFERENCE TO ASC 230. 
Discrepancy: 20.4 
DURING FLIGHT CONTROL PRE-THROWS NOTED PILOT CONTROL WHEEL DIFFICULT TO MOVE 
LEFTAND CLICKING IN YOKE DURING ROTATION. 
Resolution: RQCI 
For detail description or the work complied with see the Work Order Detail report. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial values listed in this document arc in US Dollars (USD). 
GAC_WorkOrderPreliminaryInvoice.rm 2011 
Page 85 of 123 
Printed: 3/21/2016 11:35:41 AM 
Rd 322 
EFTA00590880
--- PAGE 86 ---
Bill To: JEGE LLC 
WO 1/: 
Invoice Number. 
Billing Method 
Hours 
Rate 
Total 
Labor USD: 
Pans USD: 
Time and Material 
Time and Material 
ST 
19.36 
(S) 
4132.00 
42,555.52 
41,091.33 
Total USD: 
43,646.85 
EFTA00590881
--- PAGE 87 ---
EFTA00590882
--- PAGE 88 ---
EFTA00590883
--- PAGE 89 ---
EFTA00590884
--- PAGE 90 ---
EFTA00590885
--- PAGE 91 ---
EFTA00590886
--- PAGE 92 ---
EFTA00590887
--- PAGE 93 ---
EFTA00590888
--- PAGE 94 ---
EFTA00590889
--- PAGE 95 ---
EFTA00590890
--- PAGE 96 ---
EFTA00590891
--- PAGE 97 ---
EFTA00590892
--- PAGE 98 ---
EFTA00590893
--- PAGE 99 ---
EFTA00590894
--- PAGE 100 ---
EFTA00590895
--- PAGE 101 ---
EFTA00590896
--- PAGE 102 ---
EFTA00590897
--- PAGE 103 ---
EFTA00590898
--- PAGE 104 ---
EFTA00590899
--- PAGE 105 ---
EFTA00590900
--- PAGE 106 ---
EFTA00590901
--- PAGE 107 ---
EFTA00590902
--- PAGE 108 ---
EFTA00590903
--- PAGE 109 ---
EFTA00590904
--- PAGE 110 ---
EFTA00590905
--- PAGE 111 ---
EFTA00590906
--- PAGE 112 ---
EFTA00590907
--- PAGE 113 ---
EFTA00590908
--- PAGE 114 ---
EFTA00590909
--- PAGE 115 ---
EFTA00590910
--- PAGE 116 ---
EFTA00590911
--- PAGE 117 ---
EFTA00590912
--- PAGE 118 ---
EFTA00590913
--- PAGE 119 ---
EFTA00590914
--- PAGE 120 ---
EFTA00590915
--- PAGE 121 ---
EFTA00590916
--- PAGE 122 ---
EFTA00590917
--- PAGE 123 ---
EFTA00590918

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590919.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590919.pdf
----------------------------------------
clatit 
CUSTOM AUDIO VIDEO 
October 23, 2017 
Mr. Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Re: 9 East 71st Street 
Media Room 4K Upgrade 
Equipment 
$3,158 
Labor 
2,000 
Sales Tax 
458 
Total 
$5,616 
Please find below a proposal to replace the existing Media Room equipment as listed below. This upgrade will 
create 
conversation. 
a 4K video solution throughout the entire video chain. I have chosen equipment based 
ITEMIZED EQUIPMENT AND LABOR 
upon our 
gA Brand 
Model 
Description 
Each 
Price 
Sixth Floor video system upgrade to 4K 
Marantz 
AV-7704 
4K Surround Pre-Pro Processor 
$2,199 
$2,199 
Key Digital 
KDX-222 
4K CAT6 baluns with HDR support 
799 
799 
Binary 
B6-4K-7 
4K 18GB HDMI cables (2.3ft) 
160 
Epson 
LS-10500 
D-ILA home theater projector 
existing 
Panasonic 
DMP-BDT320 
Smart Network 3D Blu-Ray Disc Player 
existing 
Motorized projector lift 
existing 
Halo 
A-51 
x 250 Watt balanced Amplifier 
existing 
Apple 
AppleTV5 
Integrated 4K media server 
by owner 
Apple 
AirPort Extreme 
All New, WiFi router and wireless access point 
existing 
Stewart 
Film screen 
existing 
Equipment Total 
3,158 
LABOR ESTIMATE (calculated @ $125 per man hour unless noted otherwise) 
Audio Video systems installation, termination, integration, and programming 
Optional cable from the Marantz processor to the projector if required to support 4K 
2,000 
by others 
Sub Total 
5,158 
Sales Tax 8.875% 
458 
;5,616 
Equipment pricing and availability are subject to change based upon manufacturers policies. 
EFTA00590919

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590920.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590920.pdf
----------------------------------------
nyitl 
NEW YORK 
JUNIOR TENNIS 
& LEARNING 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
575 Lexington Avenue 
4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
February 3, 2015 
Dear Mr. Epstein, 
Thank you for your recent donation of $50,000 through your foundation, Enhanced 
Education, to benefit the New York Junior Tennis League. 
Unfortunately, this contribution is not consistent with NYJTL's gift acceptance policy, and 
as such, we are returning the donation. Please find enclosed a check in the amount of 
$50,000. 
5' 
rely, 
Deborah Antoine, 
President & CEO 
cc. Faith Kates 
EFTA00590920
--- PAGE 2 ---
NEW YEW% AIWA TERMS LEAGUE 
NEW YORK JUNIOR TENNIS LEAGUE, INC. 
58-12 QUEENS BLVD. STE 1 
WOOOSIDE, NY 11377-7784 
s' Fifty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars 
PAY 
TO THE 
ORDER Enhanced Education 
OF 
575 Lexington Avenue 
4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
• 
JP/J0 
K.. 
1-2-210 
DATE 
2/3/2015 
5799 
AMOUNT 
$50,000.00 
5799 
AOL_ 
Ran.A.LC- 
IM 
NEW YORK JUNIOR TENNIS LEAGUE, INC. 
Payee 
Enhanced Education 
Vendor ID 
EnhancedEducation 
Account*: 
2/3/2015 
Invoice 
Description
EnhancedEdRefund 
Refund Donation 12/30/2015 - 2014 Cary Leeds Center Sing... 
Discount 
I 
Amount 
$0.00 
$50,000.00 
Total . 
$0.00 
$50,000.00 
Fs 
EFTA00590921

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590922.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590922.pdf
----------------------------------------
LEON BLACK FAMILY FOUNDATION, INC. 
CONFIRMATION OF RESIGNATION OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
AS A DIRECTOR AND A MEMBER OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF THE 
FOUNDATION 
Attached hereto is a true and correct copy of Jeffrey Epstein's resignation 
(the "Resignation") from the Leon Black Family Foundation, Inc., a Delaware not-for-
profit corporation (the "Foundation"), as a Director and a Member of the Executive 
Committee of the Foundation. The Foundation has been unable to locate either the 
signed original or a signed copy of the Resignation in its records, but hereby 
confirms that the Resignation was signed by Jeffrey Epstein and submitted to the 
Foundation in July 2007, and was also acknowledged to have been received by 
Debra Black, as Secretary of the Foundation, who signed the acknowledgement in 
July 2007. By its own terms, the Resignation was effective immediately, and was 
accepted by the Foundation. The Foundation confirms that following his resignation 
in July 2007, Jeffrey Epstein has not acted on behalf of the Foundation in any 
capacity, including, without limitation, as a Director or a Member of the Executive 
Committee of the Foundation. 
The Foundation hereby confirms that the incorrect disclosure of Mr. Epstein 
as a Director of the Foundation in the Foundation's Forms 990PF filed for each of 
the years ending 2007 through and including 2012 was an oversight by the 
Foundation's tax accountants which was not noticed until 2013. The Foundation 
hereby agrees to indemnify Mr. Epstein for any and all claims that may be asserted 
against Mr. Epstein arising out of the incorrect disclosure in such Forms 990PF of 
Mr. Epstein as a Director of the Foundation. 
By signing this letter in the space provided below, Jeffrey Epstein confirms 
that he signed the Resignation and submitted it to the Foundation in July 2007, that 
it was effective immediately and that following his resignation in July 2007 as a 
Director and a 'Member of the Executive Committee of the Foundation, he has not 
acted on behalf of the Foundation in any capacity, including, without limitation, as a 
Director or a Member of the Executive Committee of the Foundation. 
LEON BLACK FAMILY FOUNDATION, INC. 
CONFIRMED BY: 
By: 
on Black, President 
ey: t J)J f t nrci 
-dux cs-! 5e-e-rmeay 
EFTA00590922
--- PAGE 2 ---
LEON BLACK FAMILY FOUNDATION, INC. 
RESIGNATION OF DIRECTOR AND 
MEMBER OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE 
I, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, hereby resign as director of the Leon Black Family 
Foundation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Foundation"), and as member of the 
Executive Committee of the Foundation. 
These resignations shall be effective 
immediately. 
Dated: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Received on 
2007: 
DEBRA R. BLACK, Secretary 
NY I A1507481101W/8614011.D0026504.000 I 
EFTA00590923

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590924.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590924.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Equities Structuring Group 
Confidential 
Vanilla Dispersion on Global Basket 
pasio1,-(rr P64,07rwL, 
EFTA00590924
--- PAGE 2 ---
Deutsche Bank 
Equities Structuring Group 
Confidential 
Instrument Type 
Option Seller 
Option Buyer 
Currency 
Option Premium 
Premium Payment Date 
Notional Amount 
Trade Date 
Strike Date 
Expiry Date 
Settlement Date 
Underlying 
Option Payout 
Underlying (k.T) 
Strike 
Cash Settlement 
Settlement Currency 
OTC Option 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Southern Financial LIC 
USD 
2.4% X Notional Amount 
Strike Date + 3 (Three) Business Days 
USD 4,166,000.00 
30-Jan-2015 
30-Jan-2015 
18-Dec-2015 
Expiry Date + 3 Business Days 
k 
Bloomberg Code 
Reuters Code 
Initial Level
[Underlying (k,0)] 
SPX Index 
.SPX 
1995.01 
SX5E Index 
.STOXXS0E 
3351.44 
HSCEI Index 
.HSCE 
11,720.10 
NKY Index 
ilii2 
17,674.39
EEM UP Equity 
39.02 
Notional Amount x Max (0, Dispersion - Strike ) 
s
Dispersion = — x EIRetum(k,T) — Basket Return(T)I 
k=1 
Basket Return(T) = — xE Retum(k,T) 
k=1 
Underlying (lc, T) 
Retum(k,T) = Underlying (lc,0) 
For k=1 to 5 The official dosing price of Underlying k on Expiry Date 
11.15% 
Applicable 
USD 
PLEASE SEC THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END Of TIC TERM SHEET FOR THE FULL DISCLAIMER 
EFTA00590925
--- PAGE 3 ---
Deutsche Bank 
Confidential 
Equities Structuring Group 
Miscellaneous: 
Business Days 
Calculation/Paying Agent 
Governing Law 
Jurisdiction Clearing Agent 
Index Disruption Events: 
Index Cancellation 
Index Modification 
Index Disruption: 
Additional Disruption Events: 
Change in Law 
Hedging Disruption 
Increased Cost of Hedging 
Hedging Party 
Determining Party 
TARGET Settlement Day 
Deutsche Bank AG. London Branch 
English Law 
London 
Calculation Agent Adjustment 
Calculation Agent Adjustment 
Calculation Agent Adjustment 
Applicable - -Hedge Positions" 
Applicable 
Applicable 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Deutsche Bank AG 
PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE ENO OF THIS TERM SHEET FOR THE FULL DISCLAIMER. 
EFTA00590926
--- PAGE 4 ---
Deutsche Bank 
Confidential 
Equities Structuring Group 
Termsheet Disclaimer — Important Notice 
This term sheet has been prepared solely for discussion purposes and does not constitute an offer, an invitation or a 
recommendation to enter into any transaction. Terms and conditions herein are indicative and subject to change andror 
negotiation between us. Although the information herein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, we do not 
warrant its accuracy. completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates may be changed without notice and involve a 
number of assumptions which may not prove valid. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
We are not acting as your financial adviser or in any other fiduciary capacity in respect of this proposed transaction or any 
other transaction with you unless otherwise agreed in writing. 
We or our affiliates or persons associated with us or such affiliates ("Associated Persons") may at any time maintain as part of 
our hedging or trading activities a long or short position in securities referred to herein or underlying constituents thereof, or in 
related futures or options, purchase or sell, make a market in. or engage in any other transaction involving such securities, as 
well as earn brokerage or other compensation. Whilst Deutsche Banks trading or hedging activities are not intended to have 
any significant impact upon prices, our dealings could affect the price you pay or receive for transactions in these or related 
securities. 
Derivative calculations set out in the term sheet may be complex and linked to a particular market measure, reference entity. 
security or credit, the performance of which may affect the amount or timing of payments to be made or received in 
connection with this proposed transaction. As such, the proposed transaction may not be suitable for persons unfamiliar with 
such calculations or unwilling or unable to bear the risks associated with the transaction. The securities referred to herein 
involve risk, which may include interest rate, index. currency. credit, political, liquidity. time value, commodity and market risk. 
In addition, the proposed transactions denominated in a currency other than the investors home currency will be subject to 
changes in exchange rates, which may have an adverse effect on the value, price or income return of such transactions. 
These risks are interrelated in complex ways. and as a result. the effect of any one factor may be offset or magnified by the 
effect of another factor, and the term sheet does not identify all the risks (direct or indirect) or other considerations which you 
might consider to be material in your independent assessment of the proposed transaction. Without limiting the above. 
potential investors may read more about pertinent risks of entering into a derivative transaction of this nature at: 
You may not distribute this document. in whole or in part. without our express written permission. The distribution of this 
document and availability of the product andror services described herein may be restricted or regulated by law in certain 
jurisdictions. 
Deutsche Bank AG is authorised under German Banking Law (competent authority: BaFin - Federal Financial Supervising 
Authority) and regulated by the Financial Services Authority for the conduct of UK business. 
PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE ENO OF THIS TERM SHEET FOR THE FULL DISCLAIMER. 
EFTA00590927

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590928.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590928.pdf
----------------------------------------
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
2221 SIAITHTOWN AVENUE. LONG ISLAND MACARTHUR AIRPORT. RONKONKOIAA. NEW YORK 11779 
P 
631.797.1249 F 
Mr. Larry Visoski 
JEGE, LLC 
3800 Southern Blvd. Suite 204 
West Palm Beach, FL 33406 
INVOICE 
September 22. 2014 
Subject: Gulfstream IV 
Serial No. 1085 
Registration No. N212JE 
$20,340 
Outstanding balance due from October 14, 2013 invoice. 
Work Order 14103 
$ 2,640 
Mid-Continent Controls rework PN 101001-763 to change Mid Monitor On/Off to master 
shade up. and Aft monitor On/Off to Master Shade Down 
$ 8,340 
KGS power inverter, electrical and structural engineering 
$15.600 
Labor for installation and wiring of entertainment system 
$26,580 
SUB-TOTAL 
Work Order 14123 
$ 
760 
Fabricate a door trim (like aft cabin/lav door) to conceal the piano hinge. 
$ 1,600 
Reposition fwd R/H and fwd L/H speakers to the fwd bulkheads at elevated height (TBD). 
$ 
800 
Program and install new remote control 
$ 1,530 
Modify ledge at R/H 2 seat to cradle Bose remote 
$ 4,690 
SUB-TOTAL 
$ 
360 
$ 
710 
$ 
190 
$ 
260 
$ 
670 
$ 
260 
$ 3,120 
$ 
800 
$16,870 
$ 1,380 
$24,620 
Work Order 14149 
Fabricate strap that will close out the gap at the top of the rain curtain to help stop sound 
Fabricate & install a foam and fabric covered panel for the forward side of the forward 
cabin door. Add loop Velcro to the top of the angel wing to close the light gap 
Procure and install black cup holder contemporary style inserts 
Fabricate inserts for the two forward upper drawers on the R/H galley 
Design and fabricate dishes insert for the lower drawer on the R/H galley. 
Procure and modify two (2) custom eye glass cases in leather with pinpoint texture 
Procure two (2) remote control units, one (1) RF receiver and custom program function 
and logics to integrate / control with system. 
Modify ledge at R/H 2 seat to cradle new remote 
Acoustic sound dampening installation (firm price approved by JE) 
Reupholster the credenza cover per JE design 
$76,230 
Total Outstanding Balance Due Upon Receipt 
EFTA00590928

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590929.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590929.pdf
----------------------------------------
••• 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
2221 SIAIT/ITOWN AVENUE. LONG ISLAND MACARTHUR AIRPORT. RONKONKOMA. NEW YORK 11779 
P 
631.737.1249 P 
Mr. Larry Visoski 
JEGE, LLC 
3800 Southern Blvd. Suite 204 
West Palm Beach, FL 33406 
FINAL INVOICE 
October 17, 2013 
Subject: Gulfstream IV 
Serial No. 1085 
Registration No. N212JE 
$ 359,307 
Proposal 
$ 
57,970 
Option1 — Metal Plating 
$ 
13,280 
Option 2 — Conference Table 
$ 
23,500 
Option 3 — Countertops and Doors 
$ 
22,750 
Option 4 — Aft Lavatory Closet 
$ 
12,920 
Option 5 — Fwd R/H Bulkhead HD Monitor 
$ 
35,930 
Option 6 — Cabin Inner Window Shade Assemblies 
$ 
34,680 
Option 7 — New Berthing Divan and Arm Rest Cabinets 
$ 
8,670 
Option 8 - Seat Hydrolocks 
$ 
8,960 
Option 9 — Conference Table Fixed Single Pedestal Base 
$ 
7,550 
Option10 — Fwd Cabin Bulkheads 
$ 
2,800 
Option15 — Cabin Area 110 Vac Outlets 
$ 
11,670 
Option16 — Cabin Management Switches 
$ 
49.940 
Option17 — Entertainment System 
$ 649,927 
Total of contract 
($19,9271 
Less discount 
$ 630,000 
Final Contract Amount 
($ 250,000) 
Less initial deposit paid 6/21/13 
($ 
65,000) 
Less additional deposit paid 7/3/13 
($ 157.500) 
Less midpoint payment 8/12/13 
$ 157,500 
Payment due on base contract 
Additional items: 
$ 
12,870 
Metal plate CMS switch panels 
$ 
3,470 
Two (2) cabin power supplies and six (6) ALC light bulbs 
$ 
820 
Procure 9 Parasol (Tables) and 6 Standard (cabinetry) hinges 
$ 
3,180 
Procure one high resolution cockpit camera 
($ 250,000) 
Less initial deposit paid 6/21/13 
($ 157,500) 
Less payment made 10/17/13 
$ 
20,340 
Balance Due 
EFTA00590929

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590930.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590930.pdf
----------------------------------------
abc carpet & home 
menkellen 808 6roacksey el c19 skeet 21i4/3 3OOO but 212 777 5341 6ons outlet 1O55 Irions river eve 718 842 8772 fax 718 642 8785 
e
elray bock n 777 south congress an 561 279 7777 fax 561 279 492O sleckenuck, ni 4OO kuyler st 2O1 641 34OO in 2O1 6411656 
Fornlem/Ligling/Specid Ordan/VIalolmip 
Authestakaa/Rrel Sala 
• Sam' oda in acts of WACO mailed 5096 
decosit. The balsa vita becalmed:130 days 
• Pcdua weenies do natively to Si sokras 
• Scooll ado mind= is bass ordered to meet the Date: 2/05/15 1:522H 
accords SPCCIIC0b:C4 ed et caraidoed a Fled at 
GustA omega 
• Special ada mochaake an be caedlcd mho 48Icun 
of the aigind sale. Themiker ABC era Si a 50% 3400 
8029 In d:00011462 
cansdatizo he of the Name pace Scieciel ado cots Sold To: 
be arcdied 10 don she the carinsl sale 
• librchnes for mode merchnia pal by oak cad .d 
'.4
Seat MD= moue • 5096 clamst The ass 
the balance Awn the stdc SIMS at ABC 
• Items preW lind sale 
sdd 'a seed ere rot taunt& 
• Walt eclat erd shop acclarcettcs are final tele 
Delany/Pick up 
Deposit Acct 1: 
nee to
• Customer 
 tale &tang of a Xi opal trecher•  
SlsP 1:1547 Margaret Decaldla 
SIsp 2:0 
ComiPanY Marne: 
Gregory Riches Interiors 
E-Mall: 
Tel A : 
Work 4 : 
Ext:0000 
anima 33 dm d malabfilm hem PLIChaid " 
the TYR SIN Description 
Retail 
Thomism (barna be aided La within 7 slat at eh' 
°tail iscasixt Upon the 8th day the kale) era be 
natal* for adi as at the ABC darksaisn center in 
Haereadr. NJ 
• Gam halal over 30 don era be chased a 296 neschk 
standee 
• Odic it Ares pagastal in ecess cf 12 math vol be 
coaled %chow aid 
• AI Ica fix lakd ddseia, ircixlas 'no lei at non-
reischble 
• Customer nog spat any denim a an
 Sc to ABC 
mecca scree withe 48 Ions of clelhey ot ABC 
•
seems the aftt to real ram d oxh roachrelat 
• Meclunitte sadal or sekl ion the Ma Sax tat
Ftretrine/Gerellarce 
sinned ler mean other than amity a dehery dna 
may be awed kr sae oak a Ica a alurd les a IS% 
emoclim ke 
rams eat 
seal a 
thSr aignel amtkion 
ed be sated within 48 loos el receipt Wow ka are 
ram eft
 and adc tp fees a apply. 
• Send necked: atedal don aka, *ley a at tectect 
a Meted to the ore fa lug ilia ace damn era be 
seirded to slue cc& a to the origmal ken of pmnent 
lee • 5% cc °din fee The dayoy ke is remakrdiale 
• Cash effunds in boas el 5100 era be refunded Jot a 
caeca check Plate Sow la days for pecesag of 
aware. dais 
Bedding/L bec/Gitriare/Aceesseriestleselry 
• Al mum must be esummial tri the oi9ni co* al 
be in coral ccadoect sd voidgin 
• Decease plows and thaws mut be cured Main 48 
Ian cf purdase la a ful Arid After 4 ham and 
SAM 5 drys Clue era ho so:eptoti la ape isle 
• Lams *met end cusses net be awed Mills 10 
chisel packet fora lull refund. Aka PO den od before 
days Mont mil be accepted br vac neck 
• Afta 30 days no am ed cern, era be arepeect 
• Cloie.3 end Imes:1y 
day
be «hanged a awned for 
wee oak wthin K) clays of ruchase No refunds 
Al skived mks nest Ix aaared sd dales a damage 
ass be lewd wail 48 Inn ol receipt m mowing by 
mat dam notify ABC customs woke sal 'aside a 
looser of the des meet 
• Mamma kunclatent curies cock ikeoP, plows 
comforten, open Prima Masen skeuveic htbrci cas 
kW, amid advt, dean and find sale MU ee not 
•
tenable 
Gait Gni Autkoetetkr 
• Cramaa salaam ABC to char 4 binned lee 
cite ro ie oak cad teed &theme of puckee as cued 
aboye 
D 
891360 4000 SERENO KG DIRT CUR WHITE $1,000.00 
Special Order Item 
---- 
Delivery Comment
drop ship 
ship all items from sferra 
D 
D 
D 
D 
891312 4000 SE 6340 KG P/CASE WAITE 
Special Order Item 
891370 4003 SERIN KG FLAT SHEET WHT 
SPecial Order Item 
B91375 4000 DERENO 17° KG FTD WAITE 
Sp vial Order Item 
891303 4000 SERENO F/O DUI CUR WHITE 
SPecial Order Item 
891557 4033 SERENO SID P/CASE kHITE 
Special Order Item 
691394 4000 SERIN) 17" ON FTD WITE 
Special Order Item 
891308 4000 MO F/0 FLAT SLEET WIT 
Special Order Item 
891310 4000 SERENO 17° FILL FfD kRITE 
Special Order Item 
1241721 775 BELLO BATH TEL LHIET 
Special. Order Item 
1241722 775 BEM HAND TOIL WHITE 
Special Order Item 
Page 1 
$244.00 
$520.00 
$512.00 
5872.00 
$232.00 
$440.00 
$440.00 
$384.00 
147.20 
$25.60 
Oty 
Aticuit 
RsvS 
$1,000.00 400 A 
$244.00 400 A 
$1,040.00 400 A 
$1,024.00 400 A 
$6,104.00 400 A 
$1,624.00 400 A 
$4,400.00 400 A 
$6,160.00 400 A 
51,536.00 400 A 
S1,::':.00 400 A 
$512.00 400 A 
I ogee to the pohdes set forth on this contact. 
PLEASE SEE REVERSE SIDE FOR STORE POLICY 
DEPARTMENT COPY 
EFTA00590930
--- PAGE 2 ---
abc carpet & home 
ntenbenan 888 sfaiktagy at ..19 streeteli2
-453 3000 fart 212 777 5341 kroaz oudet 1055 brom mat oo 718 842 8772 iss 718642 8785 
•ciekły bobek 11 777 stab congress sa 561 279 7777 fax 56$ 279 4920 slisciensack. nj 400 huyier st 201 641 3400 In 201 641 1656 
OidentWoishop 
• Soossi adn in eces ci 510,000 seceded 50% 
denat The balanse wal lx colected n 30 tins 
• Roast wart do no *pęk to items sold 'as Są
• Sped ado rnocliandne e bon adered to meet the 
ananas speaks:es ad considoecl o ind sde 
• Sowia oda inesdiando col lot ca Died walin 48 boa 
of the aninal sek Thoofte ABC will trains 50% 
canceldsion lee of de podane odce Sped odes cannot 
be crone O don akra de anod salt 
• Ikchnes for anodo ntochtate pad by oda cad and 
tabs ova SIODOO mat a 50% demon The astmo 
tri lox 6O15a &obalam:cam the mdc ano at ABC 
idolu insied stind mw as sold "as Cad at no oursabk 
• Wok odm and skop rodkottiard at kul wile 
Dalo/Pick up 
• Glow aged to nie dekory of a Odc up J niec* 
Date: 2/05/15 1:52?11 
Ust U 40(0*(3447 
8400 
R029 
Trxli:00011462 
Sold Tosanluce remu
■ 
DmosittatO: 
Siw 1:1547 Margaret Dora ilia 
SISP 2:0 
Cwany Name: 
. 
Gregory Riches Interiors 
E-Nail: 
Tel N: 
Work 
: 
Ext:0000 
disc widn 30 dins of eadobkot kole codund kom du Type goi Description 
IhOWCOM loos ust be piled
dyna ib.
OMOWI 10O6O1 Upon the % clot dc tans) a be 
wadable for ok so cd the ABC debtai011 Ort M 
Hado-sod; NJ 
• Olden held oyes 30 don osią be dusted s 236 ssiondid 
tope lee 
• Odm ki ABCs poe omńacesdl2soldsswJbe 
calami widaut sled 
• AI Ices lot faded Okwiat induding 
ki ac nem-
sekridable 
• Cugowi os opat any dane or ohio one to ABC 
ansa serc walin 48 loin of diwy a ABC 
alt
lone 
* 
ITC tama soh meschirdde 
Medalik soled a mld bon de Ida koi this ii 
ROwn/Goollatkos 
atoned for woos she than wity a ddisor dnie 
day be letni 6 sine cods at ke o wised lea. 5% 
mooding fee The loans oust be n d* mild codam 
and be MOM Ain 48 has or nosiw Ddsery las at 
rowekrodalck and otokowi ak. 
• Stoi isodsnise woad dra • kcal dla b atoncitesi 
ot tamed to the ono kr lag distance diwy, willo 
tfu did to woe cock a ta die *nil rased Donn 
kss a 5% tesodin lee Die deisty ke is nontfudable. 
• Gik Words :I Dom of SIM wJ be winded wda 4 
onadie check Pirat slow 14 days la occessins of 
wicaese duds. 
Beddog/Lissens/Gfine/Ausasociesilosdo 
• Al RUMS nut be occreorna by dc SigirMi wan and 
be in cripnd andów end oiackapan 
• Oecoutio plows and thews tat be asa vain 48 
hass of podust kw a kill mind. Alto 48 horn and 
bake 5 dory reuse v.41 be waged kw floe cede 
• Linens, skinie and damsons nut be sewed woJin 10 
days of podust fo ful ckni Alto 10 days od below 
dan last wJ be =pied fa stye cek 
• Alto 30 dm no som and odlanie wA bead:coed 
• Gating and jowly may be ochreed a souined fa 
noe oat wshn 0 den ci cuda No dads. 
-.Minted odo; oust be varied ad defects a dan* 
mi be noted 
haw of maka d woni by 
mot ;kose notify ABC custom sonic end kk& a 
ohotoospy of the sio soxicit 
• Mytom, kanchont odious ciadk Awn Oldwk 
comlown. ocen poky" kwok, deillp's fókdc. Id4
)bon speod odm <katance ord final aktem as 
ill
monit 
* Glin *Ahab= ABC to char J biros ad len 
Goat God Audwitzoka 
de to de omit cad used at die re *yea as noted 
done 
Retail 
OtY 
Mote 
Rsv S 
D 1241724 775 8010 WASH CLOTH WITE 
Special Order Item 
D 
500081 Bliss Throu Grey 1001%62 
Special Order Item 
D 
500001 Bliss Throu Ivory 10030331 
Special Order Item 
Ta 
0.00% Discount => Less 
SHIP TO: 
RICHES, GREGORY 
301 East 66th St 
Ark 11J 
Neu York 
HY 10065 
Tel U :(917) 626 - 6756 
Delivery Date: 
2/12/2015 
Saves Declined  
COI Wilted__ 
THU YOU FM SHOPPING AT ABC CARPET d HOE 
Pasie 2 
$11.20 20 
$224.00 
400 A 
1876.00 
$2,628.00 
400 A 
$876.00 
$5,256.00 
400 A 
$8,410.00 
Sub Total: 
33,640.00 
Sales Tax: 
2,985.55 
Total Sale: 
36,625.55 
Payment: 
0.00 
Balance We: 
36,625.55 
Of Items: 
137 
I agree to the poklei set forth on this contract. 
PLEASE SEE REVERSE SIDE FOR STORE POLICY 
DEPARTMENT COPY 
EFTA00590931

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590932.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590932.pdf
----------------------------------------
HSBCID 
HSBC Private Bank (Monaco) SA 
I 7. avenue d Ostunde 
MC 98000 Monaco 
.377 93 15 25 25 
Monaco, October 15, 2014 
F. +377 93 15 25 00 
www.hsbcpnvatebank tan 
To Whom it May Concern: 
Reference letter 
I, undersigned Mr.Eric Dupuy, General Counsel at HS 
Private Bank (Monaco) SA, 17 
avenue d'Ostende in Monaco, hereby certify that Mrs 
has completed an 
internship at our Bank, in the frames of her Master 2 of Banking and Finance law, from April 
1, 2014, to July 31, 2014, as Junior Lawyer. She was then offered a full time position at 
Special accounts team but could not accept it then due to her educational commitments. 
She cooperated with our Legal team in the following: 
Banking and Financial Law; 
Worked in internal banking systems: E-client, BIMAS, Mossack Fonseca; 
Prepared attestations for clients on capital gain, financial products portfolio, 
memorandums, articles of association, statutes of companies in French and English 
Reviewed introductory, distribution and intermediaries agreements, legal opinions 
and contracts with brokers, custodians in English, French and Italian; 
Researched on the Monaco laws regarding the registration of the bank as an 
insurance broker; 
Prepared letters for clients, liquidators, legal counsels, notaries; 
Accomplished various translations from French to English and vice versa. 
Mrs 
has proven to be a very effective collaborator: the quality of her work, 
her s I s an pro essional dedication were well appreciated by our team. 
She gave us complete satisfaction in the case analyses that were entrusted to her and in 
her proposals. 
I am very pleased to recommend Mrs 
and would appreciate your 
consideration to her application. 
Yours sincerely, 
RESTRICTED 
NSW Private Bank (Monaco) SA 
Soceete Anonyme Monegasque au capital de 151 001 000 E 
R.C.I. 97 S 03269. D.S.E.E. 651 C 07563. Swift BLICMCMC 
EFTA00590932

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590933.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590933.pdf
----------------------------------------
Unive ité Paris 1 - Panthéon - Sorbonne 
Année universitaire 2009/2010 
RELEVE DE NOTES ET RESULTATS 
Page: 
/ 2 
Session 1 
INE : 06411100D4 2 
à : REPUBLIGUE SAHA (RUSSIE) 
inscrite en Licence 2ème année Droit 
a obtenu les notes suivantes : 
Note/Barème 
Pts jury 
Résultat 
Session 
Crédits 
Rang 
U E 1 Semestre 3 
11.75120 
Admis 
2009/10 
Obligat 1(coeff 2) 
/20 
S1 2009/10 
Dt admin 1(coeff 2) 
12.5/20 
S1 2009/10 
U E 2 Sc Po Semestre 3 
12.143 /20 
Admis 
S1 2009/10 
Hist idées polit (coeff 2) 
/20 
S1 2009/10 
Forces polit 
120 
S1 2009/10 
Droit des biens 
/ 20 
SI 2009/10 
Dt pénal 
/20 
S1 2009/10 
Semestre 3 Avant bonus 
11.962120 
St 2009/10 
Semestre 3 Licence 2 
12.102 /20 
Admis 
S1 2009/10 
UEF 1 Semestre 4 
10.375 /20 
Admis 
Si 2009/10 
Obligat 2 (coeff 2) 
/ 20 
2009/10 
Obligat 2 TO 
/20 
S1 2009/10 
Obligat 2 EC 
/ 20 
SI 2009/10 
Dt admin 2 (coeff 2) 
11.751 20 
S1 2009/10 
Dt adm 2 TD 
12.5 / 20 
S12009/10 
DI adm 2 EC 
120 
S1 2009/10 
U E 2 Science po Sem 4 
12.679 /20 
Admis 
S1 2009/10 
Syst. pol. C. (coeff 2) 
12.5 /20 
Si 2009/10 
Syst. pol. TD 
13120 
S1 2009/10 
Syst. pol. EC 
12120 
S1 2009/10 
Droit des affaires 
/ 20 
S1 2009/10 
Procédure pénale 
/20 
2009/10 
Stat. inf. (coeff 1) 
10.25 /20 
2009/10 
Stat. Inf. TD 
9.5120 
S1 2009/10 
Stat. Int. EC 
/ 20 
S1 2009/10 
larigue S2 
/ 20 
S1 2009/10 
Anglais droit 
131 20 
SI 2009/10 
Sem 4 avant bonus 
11.616 /20 
S1 2009/10 
Semestre 4 Licence 2 
11.616 /20 
Admis 
S1 2009/10 
Année L2 Droit 
11.859 /20 
Admis 
Si 2009/10 
Fait à Paris, le 14 septembre 2011 
Le Directeur Général des Services\it  DE PARis 
d
e'
M. François R 
Avis important Il ne peut être délivré qu'un seul exiirrTersiini du présent relevé de note. Aucun duplicata ne sera fourni. 
E
UFR 26 
- 
Études lu 
Générales 
Ttee 
N SO 
arT't7 re4
rc 
EFTA00590933

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590934.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00590934

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590935.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590935.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 23, 2015 
DODD-FRANK QUARTERLY REPORT REGARDING UNCLEARED SWAP INITIAL MARGIN 
Dear Sir or Madam 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") rule 23.704 requires that Deutsche Bank AG, as a registered 
Swap Dealer, report quarterly to any counterparty that has not elected to require segregation in accordance with 
CFTC rules 23.702 and 23.703 of "Initial Margin" (as defined in CFTC rule 23.700) posted in respect of any swap (as 
defined by CFTC rules) between us and such counterparty that is not submitted for clearing. 
To the extent that you have elected not to segregate Initial Margin posted with us, we are hereby reporting to you 
that, during the fourth quarter period of 2014 [October 1 through to December 31], our back office procedures 
relating to margin and collateral requirements were in compliance with any governing uncleared swap agreement 
then in effect between us. 
You are not required to take any action in connection with this communication. This communication does not 
change any terms of any uncleared swap agreement between us. To the extent that such uncleared swap 
agreement is uncollateralized, or if we do not have any agreement with you concerning our handling of your 
collateral, the substance of this communication may not be relevant to you. 
Very truly yours, 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Deutsche Bank 
Corporate Banking & Securities 
EFTA00590935

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590936.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590936.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Deutsche Bank AG London 
Winchester House 
Great Winchester Street. 
London EC2N 208 
Telephone: +44 (0)20 7545 8000 
Date: 
To: 
Attention: 
Our Reference: 
January 2015 
Southern Financial,LLC 
CDS Documentation 
CONFIRMATION 
Credit Derivative Transaction 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
The purpose of this communication (this 'Confirmation') is to set forth the terms and conditions of the 
Credit Derivative Transaction entered into between Deutsche Bank AG ("Party A") and Southern 
Financial,LLC ("Party B") on the Trade Date specified below (the "Transaction"). This Confirmation 
constitutes a 'Confirmation" as referred to in the ISDA Master Agreement specified below. 
The definitions and provisions contained in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (the '2014 
Definitions"), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (-ISDA'), are 
incorporated into this Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency between the 2014 Definitions and this 
Confirmation, this Confirmation will govern. 
This Confirmation supplements, forms a part of, and is subject to, the ISDA Master Agreement dated as of 
October 2013, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Agreement") between Party A and 
Party B. All provisions contained in, or incorporated by reference in, the Agreement shall govern this Confir-
mation except as expressly modified below. 
The terms of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows: 
1. General Terms 
Transaction Type: 
Trade Date: 
Effective Date: 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
Floating Rate Payer: 
Fixed Rate Payer: 
Calculation Agent: 
Reference Entity: 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
Seniority Level: 
Reference Obligation: 
Standard Latin America Sovereign 
January 2015 
January 2015 
March 2020 
Party A (the *Seller') 
Party B (the 'Buyer") 
Seller 
FEDERATIVE REPUBLIC OF BRAZIL 
Applicable 
Senior Level 
The obligation(s) identified as follows: 
Primary Obligor: 
Federative Republic of Brazil 
EFTA00590936
--- PAGE 2 ---
Maturity: 
March 2030 
Coupon: 
12.25% 
CUSIP / ISIN: 
105756AL4 / US105756AL40 
2. Fixed Payments 
Fixed Rate Payer Payment Date(s): 
March 2015 and thereafter each 20 June, 20 September, 20 
December and 20 March 
Fixed Rate: 
per cent per annum 
Initial Payment Payer: 
Party B 
Initial Payment Amount: 
USD 491,941.00 
Initial Fixed Rate Payer Calculation 
Notwithstanding Section12.9 of the 2014 Definifions, the initial 
Period: 
Fixed Rate Payer Calculation Period shall commence on. and 
include, the Fixed Rate Payer Payment Date falling on or 
immediately prior to the calendar day immediately following the 
Trade Date. 
I Floating Payment 
Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount: 
USD 10,000,000.00 
4. Credit Support Provisions 
This Transaction shall be subject to the ISDA Credit Support Annex dated as of 28 October 2013 between 
the parties. For purposes of this Transaction the Independent Amount applicable to Party B shall be an 
amount equal to 1% of the Fixed and Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount, subject to any reductions 
due to partial terminations or partial novations. 
5. Notice and Account Details 
Contact Details for Notices 
Party A: 
Party B: 
Account Details 
Party A: 
Party B: 
Derivatives Documentation 
Fax: +1 212 797 0779 
General Doc 
Email: 
ume 
Notices: 
Email: 
Please advise 
ntation E n'uiries• 
Standard Settlement Instructions 
Standard Settlement Instructions 
6. Offices 
a) The Office of Party A for the Transaction is London 
EFTA00590937
--- PAGE 3 ---
Representations 
Party B. if it is a nonresident alien individual, foreign corporation, foreign partnership, foreign trust, or 
foreign estate, represents that is a foreign person for purposes of US Treasury regulations relating to 
information reporting and backup withholding. 
Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into this 
Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative 
obligations to the contrary for this Transaction): 
co Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter 
into this Transaction and as to whether this Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own 
judgement and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any 
communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter 
into this Transaction; it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and 
conditions of this Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into 
this Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party shall be deemed to be an 
assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of this Transaction. 
(ii) Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its 
own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, 
conditions and risks of this Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of this 
Transaction. 
(iii) Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for, or an adviser to it in respect of this 
Transaction. 
EFTA00590938
--- PAGE 4 ---
Please confirm your agreement to be bound by the terms of the foregoing by executing a copy of this 
Confirmation and returning it to us by facsimile to: 
Attention: 
Fax: 
Email: 
New York Derivatives Documentation 
+1 212 797 0779 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch is acting as principal in this Transaction. The time of transaction will be 
supplied on request. If applicable, the following will apply: The time of exercise will be supplied on request. 
Details of arrangements with introducing brokers are available on request. 
THIS MESSAGE WILL BE THE ONLY FORM OF CONFIRMATION DESPATCHED BY US. PLEASE 
EXECUTE AND RETURN IT BY FACSIMILE. IF YOU WISH TO EXCHANGE HARD COPY FORMS OF 
THIS CONFIRMATION  PLEASE CONTACT US, 
Yours faithfully, 
For and on behalf of 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
By: 
Name: Jan Abela 
Authorized Signatory 
Confirmed as of the date first above written 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL.LLC 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Paul Achleitner. 
Management Board: Jargon Fitschen (Co-Chairman). Anshurnan 
Jan (Co-Chairman).Stefan Krause. Stephan Leithner. Stuart 
Lewis. Rainer Neske. Henry Ritchotte. Christian Sewng. 
Deutsche Bank AG is authorised under German Banking Law 
(competent authority: European Central Bank) and, in the United 
Kingdom. by the Prudential Regulation Authority. It is subject 
to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin. 
Germany's Federal Filene's,' 
Supervisory Authority, and is 
subject to limited regulation in the United Kingdom by the 
Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial Conduct Authority. 
By: 
Name: Paul Carter 
Authorized Signatory 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Deutsche Bank AG is a joint stock corporation with limited liability 
incorporated ki the Federal Repubic of Germany, Local Court of 
Frankfurt am Main, HRB No. 30 000:Branch Registration ki England 
and Wales BRO00005 and Registered Address: 
Wnchester House. I Great Winchester Street. London EC2N 20B. 
Deutsche Bank AG.London Branch s a member of the London Stock 
Exchange. (Details about the extent of our authorisation and 
regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority, and regulation by 
the Fnancial Conduct Authority are available on request or fran 
EFTA00590939

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590940.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590940.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 1 of 20 
EXHIBIT 1 
EFTA00590940
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 2 of 20 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA 
JANE DOE #1 and JANE DOE #2, 
Petitioners, 
VS. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Respondent. 
DECLARATION OF 
1. 
My name is 
and I was born in August, 1983. 
2. 
I am currently 31 years old. 
3. 
I grew up in Palm Beach, Florida. When I was little, I loved animals and wanted 
to be a veterinarian. But my life took a very different turn when adults began to be interested in 
having sex with me. 
4. 
In approximately 1999, when I was 15 years old, I met Ghislaine Maxwell. She is 
the daughter of Robert Maxwell, who had been a wealthy publisher in Britain. Maxwell asked 
that I come with her to Jeffrey Epstein's mansion for the purposes of teaching me how to 
perform "massages" and to train me professionally in that area. Soon after that I went to 
Epstein's home in Palm Beach on El Brillo Way. 
5. 
From the first time I was taken to Epstein's mansion that day, his motivations and 
actions were sexual, as were Maxwell's. My father was not allowed inside. I was brought up 
some stairs. There was a naked guy, Epstein, on the table in the room. Epstein and Maxwell 
forced me into sexual activity with Epstein. I was 15 years old at the time. He seemed to be in 
his 40s or 50s. I was paid $200. I was driven home by one of Epstein's employees. 
EFTA00590941
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 3 of 20 
6. 
I came back for several days following and did the same sorts of sexual things for 
Epstein. 
7. 
After I did those things for Epstein, he and Maxwell said they were going to have 
me travel and were going to get an education for me. They were promising me the world, that I 
would travel with Epstein on his private jet and have a well-paid profession. Epstein said he 
would eventually match me up with a wealthy person so that I would be "set up" for life. 
8. 
So I started "working" exclusively for Epstein. He took me to New York on his 
big, private jet. We went to his mansion in New York City. I was shown to my room, a very 
luxurious room. The mansion was huge. I got scared because it was so big. Epstein brought me 
to a room with a massage parlor. To me, it looked like an S&M parlor. Epstein made me engage 
in sexual activities with him there. 
9. 
You can see how young I looked in the photograph below. 
EFTA00590942
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 4 of 20 
10. 
Epstein took me on a ferry boat on one of the trips to New York City and there he 
took the picture above. I was approximately 15 or 16 years old at the time. 
11. 
Over the next few weeks, Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell trained me to do 
what they wanted, including sexual activities and the use of sexual toys. The training was in 
New York and Florida, at Epstein's mansions. It was basically every day and was like going to 
school. I also had to have sex with Epstein many times. 
12. 
I was trained to be "everything a man wanted me to be." It wasn't just sexual 
training - they wanted me to be able to cater to all the needs of the men they were going to send 
me to. They said that they loved that I was very compliant and knew how to keep my mouth 
shut. 
13. 
Epstein and Maxwell also told me that they wanted me to produce things for them 
in addition to performing sex on the men. They told to me to pay attention to the details about 
what the men wanted, so I could report back to them. 
14. 
From very early on I was fearful of Epstein. Epstein told me he was a billionaire. 
I told my mother that I was working for this rich guy, and she said "go, go far away." Epstein 
had promised me a lot, and I knew if I left I would be in big trouble. I also knew that I was a 
witness to a lot of illegal and very bad behavior by Epstein and his friends. If I left Epstein, he 
knew all kinds of powerful people. He could have had me killed or abducted, and I always knew 
he was capable of that if I did not obey him. He let me know that he knew many people in high 
places. Speaking about himself, he said "I can get away" with things. I was very scared, 
particularly since I was a teenager. 
EFTA00590943
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 5 of 20 
15. 
I visited and traveled with Jeffrey Epstein from 1999 through the summer of 
2002, and during that time I stayed with him, as his sex slave, at each of his houses (really more 
like mansions) in locations including New York City, New York; the area of Santa Fe, New 
Mexico; Palm Beach, Florida; an island in the U.S. Virgin Islands; and Paris, France. I had sex 
with him often in these places and also with the various people he demanded that I have sex 
with. Epstein paid me for many of these sexual encounters. In fact, my only purpose for 
Epstein, Maxwell and their friends was to be used for sex. 
16. 
To illustrate my connection to these places, I include four photographs taken of 
me in New Mexico (shown below). The first one is a museum in Santa Fe, New Mexico. We 
had gone sightseeing for the day. Epstein took this picture of me. I was approximately 17 at the 
time, judging from the looks of it. At the end of the day we returned to Epstein's ZO/TO Ranch. 
The second picture is me on one of Epstein's horses on the ranch in New Mexico. The following 
two are from wintertime in New Mexico. 
EFTA00590944
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 6 of 20 
17. 
When I was with him, Epstein had sex with underage girls on a daily basis. His 
interest in this kind of sex was obvious to the people around him. The activities were so obvious 
EFTA00590945
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 7 of 20 
and bold that anyone spending any significant time at one of Epstein's residences would have 
clearly been aware of what was going on. 
18. 
Epstein's code word for sexual encounters was that it was a "massage". At times 
the interaction between Epstein and the girls would start in a massage room setting, it was 
always a sexual encounter and never just a massage. 
19. 
In addition to constantly finding underage girls to satisfy their personal desires, 
Epstein and Maxwell also got girls for Epstein's friends and acquaintances. Epstein specifically 
told me that the reason for him doing this was so that they would "owe him," they would "be in 
his pocket," and he would "have something on them." I understood him to mean that when 
someone was in his pocket, they owed him favors. I also understood that Epstein thought he 
could get leniency if he was ever caught doing anything illegal, or more so that he could escape 
trouble altogether. 
20. 
Ghislaine Maxwell was heavily involved in the illegal sex. I understood her to be 
a very powerful person. She used Epstein's money and he used her name and connections to 
gain power and prestige. 
21. 
One way to describe Maxwell's role was as the "madame." She assumed a 
position of trust for all the girls, including me. She got me to trust her and Epstein. It turned out 
that Maxwell was all about sex all the time. She had sex with underage girls virtually every day 
when I was around her, and she was very forceful. 
22. 
I first had sexual activities with her when I was approximately 15 at the Palm 
Beach mansion. I had many sexual activities with her over the next several years in Epstein's 
various residences plus other exotic locations. I had sex with Maxwell in the Virgin Islands, 
EFTA00590946
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 8 of 20 
New Mexico, New York, as well as France and many other locations. I also observed Maxwell 
have sex with dozens of underage girls. 
23. 
Maxwell took pictures of many of the underage girls. These pictures were 
sexually explicit. Maxwell kept the pictures on the computers in the various houses. She also 
made hard copies of these images and displayed them in the various houses. Maxwell had large 
amounts of child pornography that she personally made. Many times she made me sleep with 
other girls, some of whom were very young, for purposes of taking sexual pictures. 
24. 
Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz was around Epstein frequently. 
Dershowitz was so comfortable with the sex that was going on that he would even come and chat 
with Epstein while I was giving oral sex to Epstein. 
25. 
I had sexual intercourse with Dershowitz at least six times. The first time was 
when I was about 16, early on in my servitude to Epstein, and it continued until I was 19. 
26. 
The first time we had sex took place in New York in Epstein's home. It was in 
Epstein's room (not the massage room). I was approximately 16 years old at the time. I called 
Dershowitz "Alan." I knew he was a famous professor. 
27. 
The second time that I had sex with Dershowitz was at Epstein's house in Palm 
Beach. During this encounter, Dershowitz instructed me to both perform oral sex and have 
sexual intercourse. 
28. 
I also had sex with Dershowitz at Epstein's Zorro Ranch in New Mexico in the 
massage room off of the indoor pool area, which was still being painted. 
29. 
We also had sex at Little Saint James Island in the U.S. Virgin Islands. I was 
asked to give Dershowitz a massage on the beach. Dershowitz then asked me to take him 
somewhere more private, where we proceeded to have intercourse. 
EFTA00590947
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 9 of 20 
30. 
Another sexual encounter between me and Dershowitz happened on Epstein's 
airplane. Another girl was present on the plane with us. 
31. 
I have recently seen a former Harvard law professor identified as Alan 
Dershowitz on television calling me a "liar." He is lying by denying that he had sex with me. 
That man is the same man that I had sex with at least six times. 
32. 
Epstein made me have sex with Prince Andrew several times. Prince Andrew, 
Maxwell, and I are shown in the photograph below. I had sex with him three times, including 
one orgy. I knew he was a member of the British Royal Family, but I just called him "Andy." 
33. 
One day when I was in London (specifically in a townhouse that is under 
Maxwell's name), I got news from Maxwell that I would be meeting a prince. Later that day, 
Epstein told me I was meeting a "major prince." Epstein told me "to exceed" everything I had 
been taught. He emphasized that whatever Prince Andrew wanted, I was to make sure he got. 
34. 
Eventually Prince Andrew arrived, along with his security guards. The guards 
then went out of the house and stayed out front in their car. It was just Epstein, Maxwell, and me 
inside alone with Andy. I was introduced to the Prince, and we kissed formally, cheek to cheek. 
EFTA00590948
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 10 of 
There was a lot of legal discussion about Andy and his ex-wife ("Fergie"). Then the discussion 
turned to me. Maxwell said "guess how old she is." Prince Andrew guessed 17. 
35. 
Then we all went to a Chinese restaurant for dinner and then to Club Tramp, a 
fancy "members only" night club in central London. Andy arranged for alcohol to be provided 
to me at the club. Eventually we left. I rode with Epstein and Maxwell back to the townhouse. 
On the way there, Epstein and Maxwell informed me that the Prince wanted to see "more of me" 
that night. Andy traveled in a separate car with his guards. 
36. 
We all arrived back at the townhome and went upstairs. Epstein took a picture of 
me and Andy with my own camera. The picture above is that picture, which has been widely 
circulated on the intemet. Andy has his left arm around my waist and is smiling. The picture was 
developed on March 13, 2001, and was taken sometime shortly before I had it developed. I was 
years old at the time. 
37. 
I wanted a picture with the prince because I was keeping in contact with my 
family. I had told my mom and my grandma that I was meeting Prince Andrew and that I'd take 
a picture for them. They told me to "be careful." 
38. 
After the picture, Epstein and Maxwell kissed me and said to "have fun." They 
left Andy and me alone upstairs. We went to the bathroom and bedroom, which were just steps 
away from where the picture was taken. We engaged in sexual activities there. Afterwards, 
Andy left quickly with his security. 
39. 
I chatted with Epstein about this the next day. I told him, "it went great." Epstein 
said something to the effect of, "You did well. The Prince had fun." I felt like I was being 
graded. It was horrible to have to recount all these events and have to try to meet all these needs 
EFTA00590949
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 11 of 
and wants. I told Epstein about Andy's sexual interests in feet. Epstein thought it was very 
funny. Epstein appeared to be collecting private information about Andy. 
40. 
When I got back from my trip, Epstein paid me more than he had paid me to be 
with anyone else — approximately $15,000. That money was for what I had done and to keep my 
mouth shut about "working" with the Prince. 
41. 
The second time I had sex with Prince Andrew was in Epstein's New York 
mansion in spring 2001. I was 17 at time. Epstein called me down to his office. When I got 
there, Epstein was there, along with Maxwell 
and Andy. I was very surprised 
to see him again. Epstein and Maxwell were making lewd jokes about "Randy Andy". 
42. 
I had the impression that Andy had come there to see Epstein and to have sex me 
with. There was no other apparent purpose for Andy to be there. 
43. 
I was told to go upstairs with Andy and to go to the room I thought of as the 
"dungeon" (the massage room, but it is really scary looking). I had sex with Andy there. I was 
only paid $400 from Epstein for servicing Andy that time. 
44. 
The third time I had sex with Andy was in an orgy on Epstein's private island in 
the U.S. Virgin Islands. I was around 18 at the time. Epstein, Andy, approximately eight other 
young girls, and I had sex together. The other girls all seemed and appeared to be under the age 
of 18 and didn't really speak English. Epstein laughed about the fact they couldn't really 
communicate, saying that they are the "easiest" girls to get along with. My assumption was that 
Jean Luc Brunel got the girls from Eastern Europe (as he procured many young foreign girls for 
Epstein). They were young and European looking and sounding. 
45. 
Afterwards we all had dinner by the cabanas. The other girls were chatting away 
among themselves, and Epstein and the Prince chatted together. I felt disgusted, and went 
EFTA00590950
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 12 of 
quickly to my own cabana that night and went to sleep. Prince Andrew must have flown out 
early the next morning, as I did not see him when I got up. 
46. 
I have seen Buckingham Palace's recent "emphatic" denial that Prince Andrew 
had sexual contact with me. That denial is false and hurtful to me. I did have sexual contact 
with him as I have described here — under oath. Given what he knows and has seen, I was 
hoping that he would simply voluntarily tell the truth about everything. I hope my attorneys can 
interview Prince Andrew under oath about the contacts and that he will tell the truth. 
47. 
I also had sexual intercourse with Jean Luc Brunel many times when I was 16 
through 19 years old. He was another of Epstein's powerful friends who had many contacts with 
young girls throughout the world. In fact, his only similarity with Epstein and the only link to 
their friendship appeared to be that Brunel could get dozens of underage girls and feed Epstein's 
(and Maxwell's) strong appetite for sex with minors. 
48. 
Brunel ran some kind of modeling agency and appeared to have an arrangement 
with the U.S. Government where he could get passports or other travel documents for young 
girls. He would then bring these young girls (girls ranging in age from 12 to 24) to the United 
States for sexual purposes and farm them out to his friends, including Epstein. 
49. 
Brunel would offer the girls "modeling" jobs. A lot of the girls came from poor 
countries or poor backgrounds, and he lured them in with a promise of making good money. 
50. 
I had to have sex with Brunel at Little St. James (orgies), Palm Beach, New York 
City, New Mexico, Paris, the south of France, and California. He did not care about 
conversation, just sex. 
51. 
Jeffrey Epstein has told me that he has slept with over 1,000 of Brunel's girls, and 
everything that I have seen confirms this claim. Epstein, Brunel, and Maxwell loved orgies with 
EFTA00590951
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 13 of 
kids — that is, having sexual interactions with many young teenagers at the same time. 
Sometimes as many as ten underage girls would participate in a single orgy with them. I 
personally observed dozens of these orgies. The orgies happened on Epstein's island in the U.S. 
Virgin Islands, in New Mexico, Palm Beach, and many other places. Most of the girls did not 
speak English. It was my understanding that the girls had been persuaded to come by Brunel 
offering them illegal drugs or a career in modeling. Brunel was one of the main procurers of 
girls. 
52. 
In addition to Ghislaine Maxwell, 
and 
were also 
involved in the orgies. At this stage, I am hopeful that these other women will come forward and 
tell the truth about everything because that will help prevent future similar abuse. 
53. 
I have seen reports saying or implying that I had sex with former President Bill 
Clinton on Little Saint James Island. Former President Bill Clinton was present on the Island at 
a time when I was also present on the Island, but I have never had sexual relations with Clinton, 
nor have I ever claimed to have had such relations. I have never seen him have sexual relations 
with anyone. 
54. 
I now understand that Epstein reached a non-prosecution agreement with the 
federal government in 2007 and pled guilty to two state crimes in June 2008. I now know that I 
was identified by the federal government as one of Epstein's and his co-conspirator's sexually 
abused victims. However, no one told me about those events until after they happened. 
55. 
On September 3, 2008, the FBI sent a victim notification letter to me. This was 
the first written communication I had received from the FBI. The letter is attached as Exhibit I. 
The letter describes an agreement in which compensation would be made victims of Epstein's 
EFTA00590952
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 14 of 
sexual abuse. The letter also said that the federal government was going to "defer federal 
prosecution." No one had told me about deferring federal prosecution before this. 
56. 
In 2011, two FBI agents, called me in Australia and then came to meet me. They 
met me at the U.S. Consulate in Sidney. They seemed to be very professional and hard working. 
I thought to myself, "Wow, these people will do the right thing against the bad guys and protect 
me." 
57. 
The agents were mainly focused on Epstein but while there I provided them some 
information about others who were involved in illegal acts as well. I was aware that a false 
statement to these law enforcement officers was a crime and I told the truth — giving them the 
information that I could recall about the individuals they inquired about. 
58. 
Epstein also trafficked me for sexual purposes to many other powerful men, 
including politicians and powerful business executives. Epstein required me to describe the 
sexual events that I had with these men presumably so that he could potentially blackmail them. 
I am still very fearful of these men today. 
59. 
I will continue to cooperate fully in the investigation and prosecution of Epstein, 
Maxwell, or any of their friends who participated in the sexual abuse of minors. I also hope that 
this information is treated in a way that will keep me safe from Epstein and others criminals 
identified here so as to encourage more victims of similar crimes to come forward. If these 
crimes are not prosecuted, despite my volunteering this information and cooperation, then it may 
deter other similar victims from coming forward. 
60. 
In this affidavit, I have tried to focus on how I was trafficked for sexual purposes. 
I have not described all of the details of the sexual activities Epstein forced me to have. Also, I 
have not described all of the details of the other events discussed here. If a judge wants me to 
EFTA00590953
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 15 of 
present my information in more detail, including more specific descriptions of the sexual 
activities with the men Epstein sent me to. I could do so. 
61. 
I have directed my attorneys. Bradley J. Edwards and Paul G. Cassell, to pursue 
all reasonable and legitimate means to have criminal charges brought against these powerful 
people for the crimes they have committed against me and other girls. They are representing me 
in this case pro bono. 
62. 
Since I filed my motion in this case. my credibility has been attacked. I am telling 
the truth and will not let these attacks prevent me from exposing the truth of how I was trafficked 
for sex to many powerful people. These powerful people seem to think that they don't have to 
follow the same rules as everyone else. That is wrong. I hope that by coming forward, I can 
help expose the problem of sex trafficking and prevent the same sort of abuse and degradation 
that happened to me from happening to other girls. 
63. 
I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct. 
Executed this  (l ily  of January. 2015. 
(Location of signature left undisclosed for security reasons) 
EFTA00590954
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 16 of 
EXHIBIT 1 
EFTA00590955
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 17 of 
U.S. Departme:ral oCatistice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of Florida 
300 South Australian Ave.. Suite 400 
West Point Reach, FL 33401 
(561)8204711 
Facsimile: (561) 820-8777 
September 3, 2008 
NOTIFICATION OF *IDENTIFIED VICTIM 
NOTICE: IN ACCORDANCE WITH TITLE 18, UNITED 
STATES CODE, SECTION 3509(d) AND FLORIDA LAW, 
THE ATTACHED DOCUMENT IS TO BE TREATED AS 
CONFIDENTIAL AND SHALL NOT BE DISCLOSED 
EXCEPT IN CONNECTION 
WITH 
A 
LEGAL 
PROCEEDING. 
EFTA00590956
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 18 of 
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of Florida 
500 South Australian Ave, Suite 400 
Walt Pdm Beach, FL 33401 
(561) 820-8711 
Facsimile: (560 820-8777 
September 3, 2008 
VIA COURIER 
Re: 
Jeffrey Epstein/ 
NOTIFICATION OF 
IDENTIFIED VICTIM 
Dear 
• 
By virtue of this letter, the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District 
of Florida provides you with the following notice because you are an identified victim of a 
federal offense. 
On June 30, 2008, Jeffrey Epstein (hereinafter referred to as "Epstein) entered a plea 
of guilty to violations of Florida Statutes Sections 796.07 (felony solicitation of prostitution) 
and 796.03 (procurement of minors to engage in prostitution). in the 15th Judicial Circuit in 
and for Palm Beach County (Case Nos. 2006-cf-009454A7OO(MB and 2008-cf-
00938 lAXXXMB) and was sentenced to a term of twelve months' imprisonment to be 
followed by an additional six months' imprisonment, followed by twelve months of 
Community Control 1, with conditions of community confinement imposed by the Court. 
In light of the entry of the guilty plea and sentence, the United States has agreed to 
defer federal prosecution in favor of this state plea and sentence, subject to certain 
conditions, including the following: 
I . 
An independent Special Master was assigned the task of selecting an 
attorney representative to represent the victims, including you, in 
connection with civil actions between the victims and Mr. Epstein. The 
EFTA00590957
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 19 of 
NOTIFICATION OF IDENTIFIED VICTIM 
SEPTEMBER 3, 2008 
PAGE 2 OF 3 
Special Master selected Robert Josefsberg, Esq. of the firm Podhurst 
Orseck, P.A., a highly-respected and experienced attorney. You are not 
obligated to use Mr. Josefsberg as your civil attorney, but, as explained 
in greater detail below, Mr. Josefsberg's services will be provided at no 
cost to you because Mr. Epstein is obligated to pay the costs and fees 
of the attorney-representative. Also, Mr. Epstein and his attorneys can 
only contact you via Mr. Josefsberg, assuming that you would like Mr. 
Josefsberg to serve as your attorney. 
2. 
If you elect to file suit against Mr. Epstein pursuant to Title 18, United 
States Code, Section 2255, Mr. Epstein will not contest the jurisdiction 
of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida 
over his person and/or the subject matter, and Mr. Epstein waives his 
right to contest liability and also waives his right to contest damages up 
to an amount as agreed to between you and Mr. Epstein, so long as you 
elect to proceed exclusively under I8 U.S.C. § 2255, and you waive any 
other claim for damages, whether pursuant to state, federal, or common 
law. Notwithstanding this waiver, Epstein's agreement with the United 
States, his waivers and failure to contest liability and such damages in 
any suit are not to be construed as an admission of any criminal or civil 
liability. 
3. 
As stated above, Mr. Epstein has agreed to pay the fees of the attorney 
representative selected by the independent third party. This provision, 
however, shall not obligate Epstein to pay the fees and costs of 
contested litigation filed against him. Thus, if after consideration of 
potential settlements, you and Mr. Josefsberg elect to file a contested 
lawsuit pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 or you elect to pursue any other 
contested remedy, the obligation to pay the costs of the attorney 
representative, as opposed to any statutory or other obligations to pay 
reasonable attorneys fees and costs such as those contained in Section 
2255, shall cease. 
Please contact either myself at 
or Justice 
Department Victim-Witness Specialist Twiler Smith at 
with a good 
telephone number and/or e-mail address, so that we may provide Mr. Josefsberg with a 
timely means of communicating with you. If you would like to contact Mr. Josefsberg 
EFTA00590958
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 291-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/21/2015 Page 20 of 
NOTIFICATION OF IDENTIFIED VICTIM 
SEPTEMBER 3,2008 
PAGE 3 OF 3 
directly, he can be reached at +1 305 358-2800. 
If you have already selected other counsel to represent you, or if you do so in the 
future, and you decide to file a claim against Jeffrey Epstein, Mr. Epstein's attorney, Jack 
Goldberger, asks that you have your attorney contact Mr. Goldberger at Anerbury Goldberger 
and Weiss, 250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401, (561) 
659-8300. 
In addition, there has been litigation between the United States and two other victims 
regarding the disclosure of the entire agreement between the United States and Mr. Epstein. 
Mr. Josefsberg can provide further guidance on this issue, or if you select another attorney 
to represent you, that attorney can review the Court's order in the matter of In re Jane Does 
l and 2, United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida Court File No. 08-
80736-CIV-MARRA. 
Please understand that neither the U.S. Attorney's Office nor the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation can take part in or otherwise assist in civil litigation. Thank you for all of your 
assistance during the course of the federal and state investigations and please accept the 
heartfelt regards of myself and Special Agents Kuyrkendall, Slater, and Richards for your 
health and well-being. 
Sincerely, 
R. Alexander Acosta 
United States Attorney 
By: 
cc: 
Robert Josefsbcrg, Esq. 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
A. Marie Villafaha 
Assistant United States Attorney 
EFTA00590959

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590960.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590960.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION 
AIRCRAFT MARKETING AGREEMENT 
This Agreement is made this 
••t day of August 2011 (the "Effective Date"), by and 
between Avpro, Inc., a Maryland corporation with an address of 900 Bestgate Road, Suite 
412, Annapolis, Maryland 21401 (hereinafter referred to as "Avpro") and JEGE, Inc. with an 
address of do Darren K. Indyke, Esq., Darren K. Indyke, PLLC, 301 East 66th Street, 10B, 
New York, NY 10065 (hereinafter referred to as "Owner"). 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the 
parties agree as follows: 
1. 
Owner (a) owns all right, title and interest in and to, or (b) has the exclusive right to 
sell, transfer and convey, the following described aircraft (hereinafter referred to as 
"Aircraft"): 
Make and Model:  
Boeing 727-100 
Serial Number:  
Make and Model of Engines:  
"As Equipped" 
Engine Serial Numbers:  
"As Equipped" 
2. 
Avpro will conduct a worldwide marketing effort for the Aircraft. Qualified prospects 
will be identified through Avpro's computerized market data system and the daily 
telephone/telefax/email contacts of its marketing professionals. Avpro will prepare sales 
literature and brochures for the Aircraft, including photographs and technical specifications 
and will distribute same as appropriate. Except as otherwise provided to the contrary 
herein, Avpro will absorb all costs incurred for the foregoing marketing efforts. 
3. 
Avpro agrees to promptly forward all offers to purchase the Aircraft to Owner. At 
Owner's direction, Avpro will negotiate the terms of any sale directly with prospective 
purchasers on behalf of the Owner. Avpro shall not have the right to enter into any binding 
agreement on behalf of Owner. 
4. 
In consideration of Avpro's undertaking the foregoing marketing and sales effort, 
Owner hereby selects Avpro to manage the sale of the above Aircraft, giving Avpro the 
exclusive right to market the Aircraft for sale for the Term (as hereinafter defined). The 
term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and automatically expire and 
terminate 180 days after the Effective Date, unless extended or sooner terminated as 
provided herein (the "Term"). This Agreement may be extended upon, and subject to, the 
mutually acceptable terms contained in a written extension agreement signed by both 
EFTA00590960
--- PAGE 2 ---
Owner and Avpro prior to the expiration of the then existing Term. During the initial or any 
extended Term of this Agreement, this Agreement may be terminated by Owner for cause 
upon 5 business days' prior written notice, which notice shall include a reasonably detailed 
description of the issue (the "Issue"), and in the event that Avpro fails to cure the Issue 
within such 5 business day period, then this Agreement shall automatically terminate; 
notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Issue is not capable of being cured in such 5 business 
day period, so long as Avpro is diligently pursuing such cure at all times, then Avpro shall 
be provided with 30 days to effectuate such cure and if Avpro is not successful at curing 
such Issue in the extended cure period, then such termination shall be automatically 
effective at the end of the 30 day cure period. During any extended Term of this 
Agreement, the Owner may terminate this Agreement, in its discretion, with or without 
cause, upon 10 days' prior written notice, said termination to be effective at the end of said 
day period. 
5. 
Owner authorizes Avpro to market the Aircraft without a specific asking price, but 
instead with the comment that prospective purchasers may "Make Offer". Owner retains 
the right, in its sole discretion, to accept or reject the terms and conditions, including, 
without limitation, the purchase price, of any offer that is made on the Aircraft. Avpro shall 
be paid a commission, out of escrow, only if and when a closing occurs on the sale of the 
Aircraft (a) pursuant to a definitive Sale and Purchase Agreement for such sale and closing 
entered into with a purchaser during the Term or (b) pursuant to a definitive Sale and 
Purchase Agreement for such sale and closing entered into within three (3) months after 
the termination of this Agreement with a purchaser initiated, procured or contacted by 
Avpro during the Term. No such commission shall be earned hereunder, unless and until a 
closing actually occurs. The amount of such commission shall be a flat fee of $150,000. 
6. 
Owner will assist Avpro by making the Aircraft available for inspection and by giving 
Avpro all available information in Owner's possession about the Aircraft and its equipment. 
7. 
Owner agrees that it will not directly or indirectly sell or in any manner attempt to 
negotiate the sale of the Aircraft during the term of this Agreement and will refer all 
inquiries concerning the sale of the Aircraft to Avpro; provided, however, that (a) Owner 
shall be free to negotiate the sale of the Aircraft and to sell the Aircraft (without any liability 
or obligation hereunder) to any person or entity listed on Schedule A hereto (with whom 
Owner has already commenced discussions regarding the sale of the Aircraft), so long as 
such person or entity is not a broker or reseller or an affiliate of an broker or reseller, or 
owned or controlled by any of the foregoing, or to any affiliate of such listed person or 
entity, and (b) no commission shall be due or payable hereunder with respect to the sale of 
the Aircraft to any such listed person or entity. In the event of a sale of the Aircraft to any 
such listed person or entity during the initial one hundred eighty (180) day Term of this 
Wage 
Boeing 727-100, Serial Number-
Aircraft Marketing Agreement 
EFTA00590961
--- PAGE 3 ---
Agreement, Owner shall reimburse Avpro for the amount of all documented and 
reasonable expenses incurred hereunder and demonstrated by Avpro to have been directly 
related to the sale of the Aircraft (the "Reimbursable Expenses"). At no time shall the 
Reimbursable Expenses payable under any of the provisions of this Agreement exceed 
S10,000 in the aggregate without the express written authorization of the Owner. 
8. 
Subject to the provisions of paragraph 7 of this Agreement, if Owner (a) directly or 
indirectly sells the Aircraft during the Term of this Agreement to any third party or (b) 
directly or indirectly sells the Aircraft within three (3) months after the expiration or earlier 
termination of this Agreement to any of the prospects initiated, procured or contacted by 
Avpro during the Term of this Agreement, then and in any of said events, at the closing of 
the Aircraft, Owner shall pay Avpro from escrow a commission as set forth in paragraph 5 
above. 
9. 
In the event that Owner removes the Aircraft from the market, or otherwise 
terminates this Agreement (other than for cause that has not been cured within the 
aforementioned cure period) during the initial 180-day Term of this Agreement, then, within 
five (5) days after Avpro's request therefor, Owner shall pay to Avpro its Reimbursable 
Expenses. 
10. 
Avpro and Owner agree that the terms of this Agreement and any resulting sale or 
lease shall be kept confidential. 
11. 
Owner will include with the Aircraft all available manuals (flight, maintenance and 
parts), and all available airframe and engine logbooks within their possession. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Aircraft Marketing 
Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives on the date first above 
written. 
Avpro, Inc. 
as "Avpro" 
By: 
Donald P. Bass 
President 
3Page 
Boeing 727-100, Serial Number 
Aircraft Marketing Agreement 
JEGE, Inc. 
as "Owner" 
. ,
Title: \; 
\I, • 
Qv e 
EFTA00590962
--- PAGE 4 ---
SCHEDULE A 
1. Dubai World; 
2. Witan Holdings, Ltd; and 
3. any and all Affiliates (as defined below) of either. 
Affiliate: means, with respect to any Person that is an entity, any entity of which such Person is a 
owner, and any other Person, directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common 
control with, such Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" (including, with correlative 
meanings, the terms "controlling", "controlled by" and "under common control with"), as used with 
respect to any Person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or 
cause the direction of the day-to-day management and policies of such Person, whether through the 
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
Person: means an individual, firm, corporation, trust, joint venture, partnership, limited liability 
company, association, unincorporated organization or other entity or any governmental body or 
subdivision, agency, commission or authority thereof. 
EFTA00590963

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590964.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590964.pdf
----------------------------------------
NiNt 
J 
Watch Bill's honest take on 
democracy and our times 
January 13, 2012 
Winner-Take-All Politics 
Bill Moyers explores how America's vast inequality didn't just happen, it's been politically engineered. 
BILL MOYERS: This week on Moyers & Company. 
PAUL PIERSON: I think a lot of people know that inequality has grown in the United States. But saying 
that inequality has grown doesn't begin to describe what's happened. 
JACOB HACKER: It's not the haves versus the have-nots. It's the have-it-ails versus the rest of Americans. 
BILL MOYERS: And... 
LINNEA PALMER PATON: This is supposed to be a government run by the people and if our voices don't 
matter because we're not wealthy, that's really unacceptable and it's dangerous. 
BILL MOYERS: Welcome. I'm glad we could get together again. I look forward to your company from 
week to week — here and online at BillMoyers.com. It's good to be back. 
We begin with the question that haunts our time: Why, in a nation as rich as America, has the economy 
stopped working for people at large even as those at the top enjoy massive rewards? 
The struggle of ordinary people for a decent living, for security, is as old as the republic, but it's taken on 
a new and urgent edge. Instead of shared prosperity our political system has now produced a winner-
take-all economy. 
BUD FOX: How much is enough Gordon? 
BILL MOYERS: Hollywood saw it coming. 
GORDON GEKKO: The richest one percent of this country owns half our country's wealth: five trillion 
dollars. One third of that comes from hard work, two thirds comes from inheritance, interest on interest 
accumulating to widows' idiot sons and what I do -- stock and real estate speculation. It's bullshit. You 
got 90 percent of the American people have little or no net worth. I create nothing; I own. 
We make the rules, pal. The news, war, peace, famine, upheaval; the price of a paper clip. We pull the 
rabbit out of the hat while everybody else sits out there wondering how the hell we did it. Now, you're 
not naive enough to think we're living in a democracy are you, Buddy? 
Page I 1 of 19 
EFTA00590964
--- PAGE 2 ---
BILL MOYERS: That, of course, was Michael Douglas as the wheeler-dealer Gordon Gekko, responding to 
his protégé, played by Charlie Sheen in the movie Wall Street, 25 years ago! 
Back in the late 80s, the director Oliver Stone, himself the son of a stockbroker, saw something 
happening before it reached the mainstream. Before the rest of us knew what hit us. That little speech 
about the richest one percent and the demise of democracy proved to be prophetic. Flesh-and-blood 
Americans are living now every day with the consequences. 
AMANDA GREUBEL: My name is Amanda Greubel. I am 32 years old, born and raised in Iowa. I've been 
married for ten years today to my high school sweetheart, Josh. He's the High School Band Director in 
the same district where I am the Family Resource Center Director. We have a five-year old son Benen, 
and our second child on the way in December. Like a lot American families, we have a lot of debt -
mortgage, two vehicles, and because we both have masters degrees, a lot of student loan debt. 
BILL MOYERS: Amanda Greubel was invited to testify last summer at a Senate hearing on how Americans 
are coping in hard times. When the state cut funding for local school districts, Amanda Greubel and her 
husband feared they might lose their jobs. At the last minute, they were spared, although her salary was 
reduced by $10,000. 
AMANDA GREUBEL: $10,000 might not seem like a lot to some people, but that loss of income required 
a complete financial, emotional and spiritual overhaul in our family. [...] It means that even though I 
would rather shop at local grocers, I shop at Wal-Mart for groceries because that's where the lowest 
prices are. Sometimes the grocery money runs out before the end of the month, and then we have to be 
creative with what's in the cupboard - and that was a fun challenge at first, but the novelty wears off 
after a while. [...J It means that most of our clothing comes from Goodwill, garage sales, and the 
clearance racks because we try not to spend full-price on anything anymore. It means that when my son 
brought me the snack calendar for his classroom and I saw that that month was his week to provide 
snacks for 15 classmates, I was scared because I knew that it would stretch the grocery budget even 
further. And we didn't have roast beef or pork chops in our house that month. [...] This past spring our 
son was hospitalized for three days, resulting in $1000 in out-of-pocket medical expenses beyond what 
our insurance covered. Then a problem with our roof required $1500 in repairs. Even though we'd been 
setting aside money every month for emergencies like that, we still didn't have enough. And so we've 
spent the last few months catching up. 
And finally, this change in our finances meant giving very serious consideration to whether it was even a 
good idea for our family to have another child. Thankfully, life has a way of reminding us through our 
son's brief illness and hospitalization that some things are more important than money and that we'll 
figure it out. 
BILL MOYERS: She told the senators how the sour economy has affected her students and their parents. 
AMANDA GREUBEL: If my family with two Master's degrees is struggling, you can imagine how bad it is 
for other people. 
Page 12 of 19 
EFTA00590965
--- PAGE 3 ---
The past few years our school district has seen our percentage of students on free and reduced lunch 
increase steadily. In a community that has a reputation of being very well off, over 30 percent of our 
elementary level students qualified for that program this year. I've sat with parents as they've 
completed that eligibility application, and they cry tears of shame, and they say things like "I never 
thought I'd have to do this," and "I've never needed this help before." They worry that their neighbors 
will find out and that their kids will be embarrassed. And it's my job to reassure them that reaching out 
for help when you need it is no problem — it's not a shame, it's not anything to be embarrassed about. 
[...] Kids don't necessarily tell their parents when they're afraid, because they see that their parents are 
stressed out enough already and they don't want to make it worse. Sometimes their clothing becomes 
more tattered and we see parents cut the toes off of tennis shoes to accommodate a few more months' 
worth of growth, and let those shoes last just a little bit longer. When kids don't have enough to eat or 
they worry about losing their homes they cannot concentrate on learning their math facts, or their 
reading strategies. And in some cases financial concerns lead to or exacerbate issues such as domestic 
violence, child abuse, substance abuse, and physical or mental health conditions. All of the things that 
are ailing our families right now are so interconnected. 
[...] I may have been called on to be the voice of struggling families today, but there are millions more 
out there who want and need to be heard by you. And I would ask that you not only listen, but that you 
then come back here and do something. Because it was your commitment and your passion for public 
service that brought you here in the first place. 
BILL MOYERS: Our once and future middle class is in trouble. Their share of the nation's income is 
shrinking, while the share going to the top is growing. Wages are at an all-time low as a percentage of 
the economy, and chronic unemployment is at the highest level since the Great Depression, but the 
richest Americans now hold more wealth than at any time in modern history. 
This gross inequality didn't just happen. It was made to happen. It was politically engineered by 
powerful players in Washington and on Wall Street. You can read how they did it in this book, Winner-
Take-All Politics, by two of the country's top political scientists, Jacob Hacker and Paul Pierson. 
They were drawn to a mystery every bit as puzzling as a crime drama: How Washington Made the Rich 
Richer—and Turned Its Back on the Middle Class. 
Quote: "We wanted to know how our economy stopped working to provide prosperity and security for 
the broad middle class." And that's what you saw. 
PAUL PIERSON: I think a lot of people know that inequality has grown in the United States. But saying 
that inequality has grown doesn't begin to describe what's happened. The metaphor that we had been 
using lately is if you imagine a ladder, with the rungs in the ladder, and you think, "Okay, well 
inequality's growing. So the rungs are getting further apart from each other." 
That's not what's happened in the United States. What's happened in the United States is that the top 
one or two rungs have shot up, you know, into the stratosphere while all the other ones have stayed 
more or less in place. It's really astonishing how concentrated the gains of economic growth have been. 
Page 13 of 19 
EFTA00590966
--- PAGE 4 ---
JACOB HACKER: You know, the startling statistic that we have in the book is that if you take all of the 
income gains from 1979 to 2007, so all the increased household income over that period, around 40 
percent of those gains went to the top one percent. And if you look at the bottom 90 percent they had 
less than that combined. 
And it is not just a one or two year story. I mean, we've seen a terrible economy over the last few years. 
And the last decade is now being called "The Lost Decade" because there was no growth in middle 
incomes, there was no, there was an increase in the share of Americans without health insurance, more 
people are poor. So there was a terrible ten years. 
But we were actually looking at the last 30 years, and seeing that the middle class had only gotten ahead 
to the extent that it had because of families working more hours. 
So this is a story that isn't just about those at the top doing much, much better. But is, also, we found, a 
story about those in the middle not getting ahead, often falling behind in important ways, failing to have 
the same kinds of opportunity and economic security that they once had. 
BILL MOYERS: Let's take a look at just how dramatic the inequality is. You have a chart here. I'm not an 
astute reader of charts, but this one did hit me. What are you saying with that chart? 
JACOB HACKER: It says how much did people at different points on the income ladder earn in 1979 and 
how much did they earn in 2006 after adjusting for inflation? 
It exploded at the top. The line for the top one percent, it's hard to fit on the graph because it's so much 
out of proportion to the increases that occurred among other income groups including people who are 
just below the top one percent. So, that top one percent saw its real incomes increase by over 250 
percent between 1979 and 2006. Yeah. Over 250 percent. 
PAUL PIERSON: And actually, even this graph-- we couldn't find a graph that fully describes it because 
even this graph actually really understates the story. Because it—
BILL MOYERS: Understates it? 
PAUL PIERSON: Understates it. 
BILL MOYERS: I mean, this is pretty powerful. When I looked I thought it was a showstopper. 
PAUL PIERSON: Okay, so well, if you really if you really want the showstopper you have to go one step 
further because that big increase is for the top one percent. But the real action is inside the top one 
percent. If you go to the top tenth of one percent or the top hundredth of one percent, you know, you 
would need a much bigger graph to show what's happening to incomes for that for that more select 
group. Because they've gone up much faster than have incomes for just your average top one percent 
kind of person. 
BILL MOYERS: But we've all known for a long time that the rich were getting richer, and the middle class 
was barely holding its own. I mean, that was no mystery, right? 
Page 14 of 19 
EFTA00590967
--- PAGE 5 ---
JACOB HACKER: Oh, it is. It's a mystery when you start to look beneath the familiar, common statement 
that inequality has grown. Because when you think about rising inequality, we think, "Oh, it's the haves 
versus the have-nots." That the top third of the income distribution, say, is pulling away from the 
bottom third. 
And what we found is it's not the haves versus the have-nots. It's the have-it-ails versus the rest of 
Americans. And those have-it-ails, which are households in say the top one-tenth of one percent of the 
income distribution, the richest one-in-a-thousand households are truly living in an unparalleled age. 
Since we've been keeping records on the incomes of the richest from tax statistics in the early 20th 
century, we never saw as large a share of national income going to the richest one-in-a-thousand 
households as we did just before the great recession. 
Their share of national income quadrupled over this period, to the point where they were pulling down 
about one in eight dollars in our economy. One-in-a-thousand households pulling down about one in 
eight dollars in our economy before the great recession began. 
BILL MOYERS: You set out to try to solve three mysteries: who done it, who created the circumstances 
and conditions for the creation of a winner-take-all economy. And your answer to that in one sentence 
is? 
JACOB HACKER: American politics did it far more than we would have believed when we started this 
research. What government has done and not done and the politics that produced it is really at the 
heart of the rise of an economy that has showered huge riches on the very, very, very well off. 
BILL MOYERS: It's the politics, stupid? 
JACOB HACKER: Exactly. 
BILL MOYERS: How did they do it? 
PAUL PIERSON: Through organized combat is the short answer. 
BILL MOYERS: And why did they do it? 
JACOB HACKER: Because they could. Because the transformation of political organization, the creation 
of a powerful, organized business community, the degree to which that was self-reinforcing within both 
parties has meant that politicians have found that they can on issue after issue cater to the interests of 
the very well off while either ignoring or only symbolically addressing many of the concerns that are felt 
by most Americans and get reelected and survive politically. 
PAUL PIERSON: If you listen to many public officials over the over the last 20 or 30 years as they've 
started to recognize that inequality has grown, typically what they'll say is, this is a result just of 
economic change. It's a result of globalization changes in technology that have advantaged the educated 
at those with high skills at the expense of the uneducated. 
Page 15 of 19 
EFTA00590968
--- PAGE 6 ---
And there, clearly, there is some truth to this story that education matters more in determining 
economic rewards. But the more we looked at this, the less satisfied we were with that explanation. 
That it couldn't explain why the economic gains were so concentrated within a very small subset of the 
educated people in American society. I mean, 29 percent of Americans now have college degrees. But a 
much, much smaller percentage of Americans were benefiting from this economic transformation. 
BILL MOYERS: Well, as you speak, I can hear all of those free-marketers out they say, "Come on, Piers--
come on Hacker it is the global economy. It's that cheap labor overseas. It's those high technology skills 
that you say are required, these deep forces that actually are beyond our control, and are making 
inevitable this division between the top and everyone else." Right? That's what they're saying as they 
listen to you right now. 
JACOB HACKER: We think the story that's told about how the global economy has shifted clearly 
matters. But that it doesn't get to the sort of really powerful role that government played in adapting to 
this new environment and in changing the well-being of people in the middle and at the top. 
PAUL PIERSON: And again, we wouldn't want to say that the kinds of changes that they're talking about 
don't matter at all. But they still leave open for a country to decide how they're going to respond to 
those kinds of economic challenges. 
And when you look at other affluent democracies that have also been exposed to these same kinds of 
pressures, who are actually more open -- smaller economies are often more open to the global economy 
than the United States is -- you don't see anything like the run-up in inequality, especially this very 
concentrated high-end inequality, in most of these other countries that you see in the United States. 
Which to us, really, was a very strong clue that we need to understand why the American response to 
globalization, to technological change has been different than the response of most other wealthy 
democracies. 
JACOB HACKER: So it's one thing to say, "Oh, the rich are getting richer because we have this new global 
economy." 
But how do you explain the fact that we've seen over this period where the rich have gotten richer the 
tax rates on the richest of the rich come dramatically down. You know, Warren Buffet now says that he 
thinks he's paying a lower tax rate than the people who work for him do. 
PAUL PIERSON: The thing that got us going at the very beginning was the Bush tax cuts. 
GEORGE W. BUSH: This tax relief plan is principled. We cut taxes for every income taxpayer. We target 
nobody in, we target nobody out. And tax relief is now on the way. Today is a great day for America. 
PAUL PIERSON: The Bush tax cuts in a lot of ways were written like a subprime mortgage. You know, 
they were designed to make people see certain things, and not see a lot of the fine print. 
Page 16 of 19 
EFTA00590969
--- PAGE 7 ---
JACOB HACKER: Fully 30 to 40 percent of the benefits were going to the very top, of the income 
distribution. The top one percent. And when you broke it down, it was really the top one-tenth of one 
percent that did so well because of the estate tax changes, and because of the changes in the top tax 
rates, the changes in the capital gains taxes. And if you go to 2003, changes in the dividend tax. 
I mean, these were all tax breaks that were worth a vast amount to the richest of Americans and worth 
very little to middle class Americans. 
PAUL PIERSON: Within a few weeks after the legislation was passed, we all get a letter that says 
Congress and the President have given you this tax cut. And then that's pretty much it for the middle 
class. But for higher income groups, the further forward you go in time, the bigger and bigger the 
benefits get. So it was really designed to front-load the relatively modest benefits for the middle class, 
and to back-load the benefits for the wealthy. 
JACOB HACKER: So why? Why do the winners get policies that make their winnings even larger? You 
know, this is not a trivial change. If you say from the mid-90s to 2007, those top 400 tax payers, they've 
seen their tax rates decline so much that it's worth about $46 million for every one--
BILL MOYERS: For every--
JACOB HACKER: Of those 400 tax payers. So it's-- the numbers are staggering. When you start to look 
within the top one percent, and look at what government has done to help those people out, through 
taxes, through changes in the market, financial deregulation and the like, and through protecting them 
from efforts to try to push back. 
BILL MOYERS: Protecting them? 
JACOB HACKER: Well, I think this is something that really needs to be understood. You know, these large 
shifts in our economy had been propelled in part by what government has done, say deregulating the 
market, the financial markets, to allow wealthy people to gamble with their own and other peoples' 
money, and ways to put all of us at risk, but allow them to make huge fortunes. 
And at the same time, when those risks have become apparent, there has been a studious effort on the 
part of political leaders to try to protect against government stepping in and regulating or changing the 
rules. 
BILL MOYERS: You write, we have a government that's been promoting inequality, and at the same time, 
as you just said, failing to counteract it. This has been going on, you write, 30 years or more. And here's 
the key sentence: Step by step, and debate by debate, our public officials have rewritten the rules of the 
economy in ways that favor the few at the expense of the many. 
PAUL PIERSON: In some ways, the fundamental myth that we're trying to break out of is the idea that 
there's something natural out there called "the American economy" that is prior to government, prior to 
politics. And that government, if it's involved at all, is only involved sort of at the end of the day, maybe 
tidying things up around the edges, or redistributing money from some people to another. 
Page 17 of 19 
EFTA00590970
--- PAGE 8 ---
And I think the financial crisis has been a rude awakening for people who viewed the economic world 
that way. It's now, I think, very clear in retrospect that the decisions that leading public officials made 
over a period of decades helped to get us to a point where a financial crisis could be so devastating to all 
Americans. 
BILL MOYERS: How can this happen? How could Washington turn its back on the broad middle class to 
favor a relatively few at the top in a democracy? 
JACOB HACKER: What has really changed is the organization of American politics, particularly the 
organizations that represent the deepest pocketed members of American society. What we've seen as 
an organizational revolution over the last 30 years that has meant that business, and Wall Street, and 
ideological conservative organizations that are pushing for free market policies have all become much 
more influential. 
And at the same time, a lot of the organizations that once represented the middle class, labor unions, 
broad-based civic organizations and, sort of, organizations at the local and grassroots level, including 
social movements, have all lost enormous ground. 
And so it's that imbalance, that shift, I think, that is the sort of underlying pressure that plays out in our 
politics today. The way we describe it in the book is as if the ecosystem of American politics has 
changed. And everyone in American politics, Democrats, Republicans, liberals, conservatives has had to 
adapt to this new world where money matters much more in our politics, and where groups 
representing business and the wealthy are much more powerful than in the past. 
BILL MOYERS: And you don't beat around the bush. You say, quote, "Most voters of moderate 
means...have been organized out of politics, left adrift as the foundations of middle class democracy 
have washed away." 
JACOB HACKER: Yeah, I mean, if you look at the history of American democracy it is about a broadening 
of our understanding of political equality to incorporate African Americans and women and ultimately to 
also incorporate the idea that large inequalities of property were a threat to democratic equality. So FDR 
during the Great Depression famously said that political equality was meaningless in the face of 
economic inequality. 
So we now, I think, understand that inequality of income and wealth is part of a capitalist society, but it 
can't overwhelm our democracy. And what we've seen in the last 30 years is a gradual erosion of the 
firewalls that protect our democracy from the inequalities that are occurring in the market. Money has 
come into politics much more. 
And the power that people have in the market is being used more and more in politics as well. And 
that's a concern because Americans have very complex views about equality, but they all agree in this 
basic idea that as Thomas Jefferson famously said, "All men are created equal." 
And he meant men probably, but you know, the modern understand of that phrase, we believe that 
people whether they're rich or they're poor, whether they have lots of property or not, whether they're 
Page 18 of 19 
EFTA00590971
--- PAGE 9 ---
in, on Wall Street or off, they should have equal potential to influence what government does. Anybody 
who looks around at our government today cannot believe that's the case or that we're even close to 
that. 
PAUL PIERSON: Well certainly you just have to look at recent headlines to see a Washington that seems 
preoccupied with the economic concerns of those at the top and is resistant in many cases to steps that 
are clearly favored by a majority of the electorate such as wanting to increase taxes on the very well-to-
do, letting the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy expire as if you want to do something about the deficit. 
That's the single most popular proposal for doing something about the deficit would be to let the Bush 
tax cuts for the wealthy expire. And yet that gets nowhere in Washington. 
JACOB HACKER: You know, there is an organized, powerful constituency for deregulation, for high end 
tax cuts, for policies that are neglecting some of the serious middle class strains. And there just isn't 
anything of comparable size or power on the other side. 
And that has pulled Washington way toward the concerns of the most affluent, most privileged 
members of our society and led them to often neglect the real struggles that Americans are facing 
during this economic crisis, struggles that are magnified versions of what Americans have been going 
through for 25 years or so. 
BILL MOYERS: There was a time when we were sure that a strong middle class was the backbone of a 
democracy. And there was a time, after the second World War when I was a young man when incomes 
actually grew slightly faster at the bottom and the middle than at the top, is that right? Do your figures 
support that? 
PAUL PIERSON: Yes, they do. And we describe that period after World War II, which lasted for about 30 
years as being a country which we labeled Broadland. And—
BILL MOYERS: Broadland? 
PAUL PIERSON: Broadland. And I think it's most clearly captured by that old idea that a rising tide lifts all 
boats. 
Everybody's income is going up at the roughly the same rate, slightly faster actually towards the bottom 
of the income distribution than towards the top, but everybody's incomes were going up. And it's 
important to understand, so this wasn't some egalitarian fantasy world. It wasn't Sweden. 
It was the United States, recognizably the United States with significant inequalities of wealth, but 
everybody was participating in prosperity and seeing their incomes rise. And then after the mid 1970's 
we start moving towards a distribution of income that looks more like that of a third world oligarchy. It 
looks more like Mexico or Brazil or Russia. Income inequality that statistics on income inequality now 
suggest that inequality is higher in the U.S. than it is in Egypt. And that's quite a journey from where we 
were when I was growing up. 
Page 19 of 19 
EFTA00590972
--- PAGE 10 ---
JACOB HACKER: Right now I think we're seeing the kind of bitter fruit of winner-take-all politics because 
this financial crisis was not an act of God or work of nature. It was brought on by poor decisions that 
were made in Washington and on Wall Street. Yes, there's a global dimension to this, but a big part of it 
was failures of domestic policy. You know, if you look to our northern neighbor, Canada, it had nothing 
like the same degree of banking crisis the United States did. And that's partly because it had much more 
effective regulations of the financial sector. You know, over this period that we saw leverage and 
speculation increasing on Wall Street, Washington, both Democrats and Republicans, were trying as 
hard as they could to allow Wall Street to do even more. 
BILL MOYERS: So the winner-take-all politics has produced a winner-take-all economy? Right? 
JACOB HACKER: Yes. 
PAUL PIERSON: Yes. 
BILL MOYERS: And the winners are? 
JACOB HACKER: The winners are those who've made out so well in this new economy, the very well off 
and financial-- and people in the highest reaches of finance and corporate executives suites. 
BILL MOYERS: And the losers? 
PAUL PIERSON: Well, the losers are, I think, almost all of us. 
I think almost all Americans lose from the shift toward a society in which rewards are so narrowly 
concentrated on a small segment of the population. 
I was talking yesterday evening with a friend of mine who spends much of his time in Mexico who was 
describing a society in which a small group of wealthy people are protected by guns mostly from the rest 
of the population and dart from one protected location to another protected location completely 
separate from the rest of society. 
We're not there yet but we've moved a long way down a road in which there's just a sharp social, 
economic, cultural separation from the vast bulk of Americans and a small astonishingly successful 
financial elite. And I don't think that -- I think most Americans would consider that not to be an 
improvement. They would consider themselves to be losers from that. 
JACOB HACKER: And there's no sign that the sort of massive concentration of the gains of the economy 
at the very top is slowing down. In fact, this downturn has been remarkable in the degree to which those 
at the very top seem to have weathered it pretty well. Profits are still very high.Those who are on Wall 
Street have recovered thanks to a massive government bailout. 
BILL MOYERS: Taxpayers put it up. I mean, they're spending taxpayer money. 
Page 110 of 19 
EFTA00590973
--- PAGE 11 ---
JACOB HACKER: Yes, yes. And so we've seen the economy over 30 years very consistently shift in this 
direction. And what I think has not happened and what concerns us greatly is a kind of real undermining, 
deep undermining, of the operation of our democratic institutions. 
I mean, we're describing a massive erosion, but the question is could we see those democratic political 
institutions really cease to function effectively in the future if we have a society that continues to tilt so 
heavily towards winner-take-all. And that's why we wrote the book because, you know, Walter 
Lippmann back in the early 20th century said the challenge for democratic reform is that democracy has 
to lift itself up by its own bootstraps. 
And we're, we are deep believers in the ability of American democracy to reform itself, of the strength 
of our democratic institutions. But they're in very serious disrepair right now. And we've seen in recent 
political fights a sort of paralysis and a broad loss of faith in government. And that sort of secession of 
the wealthy from our economic life that we've already started to see could be matched by a secession of 
them from our political life and a sort of loss of that broad democracy that was characteristic of mid-
20th century. That's the greatest fear that we have. 
BILL MOYERS: Would you say we still have a middle class country? 
PAUL PIERSON: That's--
BILL MOYERS: Wow. 
PAUL PIERSON: No, no, I wouldn't, I wouldn't. 
BILL MOYERS: You're hesitant. 
PAUL PIERSON: If you asked me if you asked me that point blank, I mean--
BILL MOYERS: Point blank, Paul, do we still have a middle class country? 
PAUL PIERSON: I would say no. I mean, obviously there is still something there is still something that we 
would recognize as a middle class, it's still probably the biggest segment of the population. But in terms 
of its weight in the society, its ability to produce a society and reproduce a society that is oriented 
around the needs and concerns and opportunities of the middle class, I don't think that we live in that 
country anymore. 
JACOB HACKER: There was a poll done in 2010 that asked Americans whether the federal government 
had helped a great deal the following groups: large financial institutions and banks, 53 percent of 
Americans said they'd been helped a great deal. 
What about large corporations? 44 percent of Americans said they'd been helped a great deal. Then 
they asked, well, has the federal government helped the middle class a great deal? And do you want to 
guess what percent of Americans said that they'd been helped a great deal-- the middle class had been 
helped a great deal? Two percent. 
Page 111 of 19 
EFTA00590974
--- PAGE 12 ---
BILL MOYERS: Two percent? 
JACOB HACKER: Two percent. 
BILL MOYERS: Well, this is—
JACOB HACKER: And so it's just a remarkable sense that Washington isn't working for the middle class. 
And after writing this book I think Paul and I feel as if that assessment, while excessively harsh, is 
grounded in a reality that Washington isn't working well for most Americans. 
BILL MOYERS: Did either of you happen to catch the Senate hearings last summer when a procession of 
ordinary Americans came and testified about what was happening? 
AMANDA GREUBEL: We did everything we were always told to do to have the American dream. We 
finished high school, we went to college, we got married, we work hard, we pay our bills. We have no 
credit card debt. We waited to have children until we believed we were ready. We both got graduate 
degrees to be better at our jobs and make ourselves more marketable and increase our worth as 
employees. We volunteer, we donate to help those in need, and we vote. We did everything that all the 
experts said we should do, and yet still we're struggling. And when you work that hard and you still feel 
sometimes like you're scraping, it gets you really down really quick. 
JACOB HACKER: When I hear stories like that I think, what is wrong with the priorities of our society that 
we cannot figure out how to translate our great wealth, our ingenuity, the hard work of our citizens, into 
a better standard of living that is shared broadly across the population? That's a fundamental thing that 
a well-functioning democracy should do. 
BILL MOYERS: And you say we are way behind in mobility. Behind Australia, Norway, Finland, Germany, 
France, Spain, and Canada. We are way down the list in terms of social mobility. Am I reading you right? 
JACOB HACKER: Over this period in which those at the very top have done better and better the chance 
of climbing up the economic ladder hasn't grown at all, it may have actually declined. And that is 
reflected, I think, in a sense of pessimism that you see among many middle class Americans about 
whether the American dream still holds true. 
At the individual level Americans are extremely optimistic. And if you ask them, "Will you achieve the 
American dream?" Most Americans say yes. But at a collective level when you ask people, "Does the 
American dream still hold true?" We're seeing in surveys for the first time that only about, you know, 
half of Americans are agreeing that the American dream still holds true. And that's remarkable. 
BILL MOYERS: What's the practical consequences of that? Of giving up faith and hope in that dream? 
JACOB HACKER: The fact is that for most middle class and working class Americans the politics seems 
increasingly removed from their everyday experience and their life. And there is a current of distrust and 
anger towards Washington is that is so deep right now. 
Page 112 of 19 
EFTA00590975
--- PAGE 13 ---
AMANDA GREUBEL: When we turn on our TV's, our radios, or pick up our newspapers, we read about 
what is going on in our federal and state governments, and we start to believe that you don't care about 
us. We hear that corporate welfare continues and CEO's get six-figure bonuses at taxpayer expense, and 
we wonder who you're working for. And we look across the kitchen table at our families eating Ramen 
noodles for the third time this week and wonder how that's fair. We read that the wealthy get bigger tax 
breaks in hopes that their money will "trickle down" to us, then we turn the page and read about how 
our school districts are forced to cut staff again. We know that money talks around here, and that 
means you don't hear us. 
JACOB HACKER: That is one of the big changes that occurs over this period. Money becomes more 
important for campaigns and it also becomes much more important in terms of lobbying, which in some 
ways is the more important way that money changed American politics. It's really the development of 
lobbying over this this last 25, 30 years that stands out as the most dramatic role of money in American 
politics. 
We tell the story in the book of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, because this was one of these great 
examples when the lobbyists were overcome. You know, the Gucci Gulch right outside the Senate 
chamber where the well-heeled lobbyists attend to members of congress. Well, Gucci Gulch was a place 
of, not of celebration, but of despair after 1986 because all these tax loopholes were closed, rates were 
brought down in a way that was actually making the tax code more equitable. And that was considered 
to be a big step forward for the public interest. 
Well, a few years later lobbyists had written a lot of these loopholes back into the tax code. Ten years 
later, you know, you could hardly see any traces of the 1986 Tax Reform Act. Almost all of the good 
government public interest reforms that were put into the tax code in 1986 overcoming the lobbyists 
have been put back in, have been overwhelmed by the day in, day out lobbying to get those tax 
provisions right back into place. 
BILL MOYERS: Quite a cycle, I mean, if you're creating a winner-take-all economy the winners have more 
money to contribute to the politicians, who turn it into a winner-take-all politics. I mean, it just keeps—
PAUL PIERSON: Right. It is the story that we try to tell in this book that there has been a 30 year war in 
which the sound of the voice of ordinary Americans has been quieter and quieter in American politics 
and the voice of business and the wealthy has been louder and louder. Many people, I think, read this 
book and think it's a pessimistic book, that it's grim reading and there are ways in which that's true. 
But Jacob and I genuinely believe that it's an optimistic story compared with the story that we're 
typically told about what's been happening to the American economy. Because what we're typically told 
is there's nothing you can do about this, that it's just an economic reality, there's no point in blaming 
any political party. 
And I think the main punch line of our story and the optimistic message is that politics got us into this 
mess and therefore potentially politics can get us out of it. 
Page 113 of 19 
EFTA00590976
--- PAGE 14 ---
BILL MOYERS: But if both political parties are indebted to the winners where do the losers find an army 
to join? 
JACOB HACKER: When citizens are organized and when they press their claims forcefully, when there are 
reformist leaders within government and outside it who work on their behalf, then we do see reform. 
This is the story of the American democratic experiment of wave after wave of reform leading to a much 
broader franchise, to a much broader understanding of the American idea. 
In the mid-20th century we saw a period in which income gains were broadly distributed, in which 
middle class Americans had voice through labor unions, through civic organizations and through, 
ultimately, their government. We've seen an erosion of that world, but just because it's lost ground 
doesn't mean it can't be saved. And so in writing this book we were hoping to sort of tell Americans that 
what was valuable in the past could be a part of our future. 
BILL MOYERS: Jacob Hacker and Paul Pierson, thank you. 
PAUL PIERSON: Thank you so much. 
JACOB HACKER: Thank you. 
BILL MOYERS: By coincidence I first met with Jacob Hacker and Paul Pierson on the very day Occupy Wall 
Street had sprung up in lower Manhattan. And I wondered, as so many others did, were we seeing the 
advance guard of a movement by organized people to challenge the power of organized money? Well, 
it's still too soon to know. But in the weeks that followed, every time we went down to the 
encampment, there was no mistaking the message. 
LINNEA PALMER PATON: I don't have thousands of dollars to go buy myself a lobbyist to lobby for my 
views, but corporations do. 
BILL MOYERS: Linnea Palmer Paton is 23 and an Occupy Wall Street Volunteer. 
LINNEA PALMER PATON: This is supposed to be a government for the people, run by the people and if 
our voices don't matter because we're not wealthy, that's really unacceptable and it's dangerous. 
HERO VINCENT: My name is Hero Vincent, I'm 21 years old. I've been here since day one. My parents 
were foreclosed on, my father's been unemployed a couple of years. My mother was the only one taking 
care of the family for a while. I've been working since I've been 14 years old, you know, trying to put 
food on our table, trying to help out with the bills. So all these circumstances-- my sister is in college and 
she-- we can barely afford it, you know. And so it brought us here. The struggle brought us to this 
occupation, this day, this moment. 
[NATSOTJ: It ain't hard to occupy if you're set on freedom. 
BILL MOYERS: Amin Husain is a former corporate lawyer. He's now an artist who has become one of the 
many organizers of Occupy Wall Street. 
Page 114 of 19 
EFTA00590977
--- PAGE 15 ---
AMIN HUSAIN: This connection between government and state regulating money and the flow of money 
at the expense of 99 percent of the population is untenable and it's no longer being accepted. There's 
been a shift in the way that people think of themselves in this political process. That there has been a 
level of empowerment. But this movement is about transforming society. 
WOMAN AT PROTEST: I just need to interrupt one second and say you're doing a great! I love you. All of 
us who are sleeping at home, we're writing letters, we're thinking about you. 
AMIN HUSAIN: Thank you, thank you. I really appreciate it. 
WOMAN AT PROTEST: We're changing our bank accounts! 
YESENIA BARRAGAN: My family's home was almost foreclosed in Hackensack, NJ. First by Providian 
Bank, then by Bank of America, then Chase. The names changes. And we were almost homeless. 
BILL MOYERS: Yesenia Barragan is working for her doctorate in Latin American history at Columbia 
University. 
YESENIA BARRAGAN: We were able to gather enough resources, enough money within our family to 
save the house. So we like to say that we were the lucky ones. And I'm basically here because I don't 
want to live in a world where there are lucky ones and unlucky ones. 
DANIEL LYNCH: My name is Daniel Lynch, I live in Manhattan. And in my spare time I try to trade stocks. I 
might even be center-right! And I still support this, and I want people to know that, right, 99 percent 
exactly, right? I've been worried for a long time about problems with wealth inequality in the country, 
income inequality, and I just wanted to throw my support a little. I don't march, I don't carry a sign. But I 
come down at night I talk to some people. 
I believe in capitalism, I believe in capital markets. But unchecked like this, especially the way we have 
estate taxes, income taxes, it subverts capitalism, it becomes feudalism. Owners of capital are winning 
so much more than laborers, right capital it has no roots, right? To just deny that that's happening and 
not have a little bit of an activist tax policy about it, I think is naïve, it's destructive, and it's just absurd. 
NELINI STAMP: My name is Nelini Stamp, I'm 24 years old. 
BILL MOYERS: Nelini Stamp is a community organizer. She joined Occupy Wall Street on its first day. 
NELINI STAMP: I've been fed up with having to worry about living pay check to pay check because of 
corporate greed and because we don't have a very high minimum wage in New York. I really just wanted 
to take a major leap in fighting back. 
I think that we need to, first of all, have public financing of elections. That is a huge deal one of the 
reasons is why corporations-- because there's an unlimited amount of donations that they can give to 
political campaigns. And it's about time we all stand up and take this back. 
Page 115 of 19 
EFTA00590978
--- PAGE 16 ---
TYLER COMBELIC: I found my voice. I've been very apathetic, very cynical of the system that: do I 
matter? Do I matter to politicians? Do I matter to government when policies are being made? 
BILL MOYERS: Tyler Combelic is a volunteer with the media outreach team. 
TYLER COMBELIC: Personally, I want to see money out of government. I'm a very big proponent of 
campaign finance reform, of limiting the role of lobbyists, and limiting the role of corporate personhood 
because I feel right now, who has the largest war chest is the determiner of who's going to be elected 
for a specific office or what kind of laws are going to be passed by Congress. And that corporatist-type of 
government is not what the United States is supposed to be. 
MAN AT PROTEST: You got a better chance of being an organ donor than seeing any retirement money! 
PETER CRAYCROFT: I think this is a perfect kind of forum for us all to come and talk about--
STEPHEN HAYS: Back and forth. 
PETER CRAYCROFT: Yeah. I've seen many souls changed in the last three days. 
STEPHEN HAYS: Really? 
PETER CRAYCROFT: Yeah. On all sides. Including the other side of the--
STEPHEN HAYS: You see I came through the Woodstock generation and I thought it's just back to 
business as usual and sort of it was a big party. That's what I see this as, a party with no cover. I'm a 
defender of money. Freedom, individual freedom, rich people. Because I'm still, even though I've got 
gray, I'm still trying to be one. Because the more money I have the more good I can do. And it will be my 
decision as to how I allocate that good. How I allocate that capital. 
When I look around at all these buildings, hospitals, colleges, I don't see many poor people's names. 
They're all rich people. Reverend Ike a black minister who used to preach up here in New York. Used to 
say, "If you curse the rich, you'll never be one." 
CALVIN BELL: Look at the people out here! You think they're out here just hanging out? I mean, that 
blows my mind that you came out here and you said, well, people out here, you know, they have 
something against wealthy people, you know, wealthy people should be allowed to be wealthy people, 
because while we're wealthy people we'll throw money out and sprinkle them all and make people's 
lives better. It's not happening. Wealthy companies are not making the common person's lives better. 
They're taking their money, they're moving it abroad, they're doing different things. What's that got to 
do with anything? 
STEPHEN HAYS: You've got a nice camera, you've got clothes, you're blessed. 
CALVIN BELL: I just told you that I'm not one of the ones—
STEPHEN HAYS: I can't be so pessimistic about things. 
Page 116 of 19 
EFTA00590979
--- PAGE 17 ---
CALVIN BELL: I'm being realistic. 
I live in a very nice house, my family's blessed. So I'm not going to pretend that, you know, I don't have 
anything. But I do also recognize that a lot of the situations we're in now is because of greed. It's 
because — it's not what he said, you just let people take their money and they'll do good things with it. 
Not all people do good things with their money. 
WILLIAM K. BLACK: (During a teach-in) The one percent have dominant political power over both 
parties. 
BILL MOYERS: Organizers invited Bill Black to lead a teach-in at "the people's microphone." 
WILLIAM K. BLACK: (During a teach-in) How many think they stole from all of us? 
BILL MOYERS: A senior federal regulator in the 1980s, Black cracked down on banks during the savings 
and loan crisis. He now teaches economics and law at the University of Missouri, Kansas City. 
WILLIAM K. BLACK: What we have is recurrent, intensifying financial crises driven by elite fraud and now 
it's done with almost absolute impunity. So the whole idea of noblesse oblige and such and that the rich 
were supposed to have special responsibilities, that's all gone, right? They have a God-given right to the 
lowest conceivable taxes. 
When you put anti-regulators in charge of the agencies who believe that regulation is bad and 
completely unnecessary and they destroy it, creates a self-fulfilling prophecy that produces massive 
fraud at the most elite levels. 
But, worse, it all feeds into politics. So, once you get a group that completely dominates the economy, 
they're going to completely dominate politics, as well. 
WILLIAM K. BLACK: (During a teach-in) There is no excuse for not prosecuting. It is an obscenity. It's 
surrender to crony capitalism. 
WILLIAM K. BLACK: What's distressed me, and I think is one of the major reasons we get recurrent 
intensifying crises, is we seem to have lost our capacity for outrage. And it's only people getting 
outraged that produces really positive social change. 
[NATSOTI: We are the 99 percent! So are you! We are the 99 percent! So are you! 
MARILYN BRANDEE: I've been waiting years for people to get angry enough to do something. We want 
to just support these young people and the people who are sacrificing so much comfort for all of us. 
RONNI TERR: I have a brother who's been out of work for two years. He has a family, I think it's just 
terrible that they don't care. They're making millions of dollars. Mitch McConnell is a multi-millionaire, 
John Boehner is a multi-millionaire. They don't care about the people, they really don't. And their own 
districts have many people who are unemployed, who are having foreclosures. And it's time they stop 
playing this game and really said, you know I think maybe we'll pass something that will help build our 
Page 117 of 19 
EFTA00590980
--- PAGE 18 ---
infrastructure or get people back to work. So this is a start, I hope that it makes a dent. But the fact that 
it's not just here, it's all over the country now, means that somebody is waking up. 
BILL MOYERS: Waking up is right. Waking up to the reality that inequality matters. It matters because 
what we're talking about is what it takes to live a decent life. If you get sick without health coverage, 
inequality matters. If you're the only breadwinner and out of work, inequality matters. If your local 
public library closes down and you can't afford to buy books on your own, inequality matters. If budget 
cuts mean your child has to pay to play on the school basketball team or to sing in the chorus or march 
in the band, inequality matters. If you lose your job as you're about to retire, inequality matters. And if 
the financial system collapses and knocks the props from beneath your pension, inequality matters. 
I grew up in a working class family. We were among the poorest in town, but I was rich in public goods. 
I went to a good public school, played sandlot ball in a good public park, had access to a good public 
library, drove down a good public highway to a good public college, all made possible by people I never 
met. There was an unwritten bargain among the generations -- we didn't all get the same deal, but we 
did get civilization. 
That bargain's being shredded. The occupiers of Wall Street understand this. You could tell from their 
slogans. A fellow young enough to be my grandson wore a t-shirt emblazoned with the words: "The 
system's not broken. It's fixed." That's right. Rigged. And that's why so many are so angry. Not at wealth 
itself, but at the crony capitalists who resorts to tricks, loopholes, and hard, cold cash for politicians to 
make sure insiders prosper and then pull up the ladder behind them. 
Yes, Americans are waking up. To how they're being made to pay for Wall Street's malfeasance and 
Washington's complicity. Paying with stagnant wages and lost jobs, with slashing cuts to their benefits 
and to their social services. And waking up to the grotesque Supreme Court decision defining a 
corporation as a person, although it doesn't eat, breath, make love or sing, or take care of children and 
aging parents. Waking up to how campaign contributions corrupt our elections; to the fact that if speech 
is money, no money means no speech. 
So the collective cry has gone up loud and clear: enough's enough. We won't, as I said, know for a while 
if this is just a momentary cry of pain; or whether it's a movement that, like the Abolitionists and 
Suffragettes, the populists and workers of another era, or the Civil Rights movement of our time, gathers 
force until the powers-that-be can no longer sustain the inequality, the injustice and yes, the immorality 
of winner-take-all politics. 
Our coverage of politically engineered inequality continues in our next two broadcasts. First, David 
Stockman, a one-time enforcer of the Reagan revolution. 
DAVID STOCKMAN: There was clearly reckless, speculative behavior going on for years on Wall Street. It 
was encouraged by the Federal Reserve which is dominated by Wall Street. 
BILL MOYERS: And John Reed, a banker's banker who was there when Washington loaded the dice, and 
Wall Street rolled them. 
Page 118 of 19 
EFTA00590981
--- PAGE 19 ---
JOHN REED: It wasn't that there was one or two or institutions that, you know, got carried away and did 
stupid things. It was, we all did. And then the whole system came down. 
BILL MOYERS: And at our new website, BillMoyers.com, I interviewed two Occupy Wall Street organizers 
who give us insight into the movement and what it hopes to accomplish. We'll also link you to our 
interview with the editors of Mother Jones magazine, and their coverage of the "dark money" that has 
cast a deep shadow across this election year. That's at BillMoyers.com. See you there, and see you here 
next time. 
O 2012 Public Affairs Television, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Page 119 of 19 
EFTA00590982

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590983.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 P.M 08-0349 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
SERBAN/MIHAI 
TICKET INFORMATION: SERBANIMIHAI 
1477-877-0987 (Toll Free) 
When Overseas Cal Collect 602-537-4000 
Agent ID. OH 
INVOICE 
Generated: June 5. 2013 02.26 PM 
Page 1 o13 
CHARGES 
Total charged to American Express 
326.20 
Airline Name: 
AMERICAN AIRLINES 
Ticket Date: 
645/2013 
Ticket Base Fare: 
302.00 
Ticket Number: 
7233449491 
Invoice: 
6594703 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees: 
24.20 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
326.20 
Travel Details: 
Thursday June 6, 2013 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
PLEASE VERIFY THE NATIONALITY OF THE PASSENGER 
THE BAGGAGE FEES/RULES OF AMERICAN AIRLINES/AMERICAN AIRLINES. INC. *PLY TO THIS ITINERARY AND MAY BE ACCESSED BY 
VISITING 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AMERICAN AIRLINES 
Flight: 
655 
Departure: 
7:50 am 
New York JFK. NY 
Arrival: 
11:55 am 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Departure Terminal: 
TERMINAL 8 
Seat 
24C 
Class: 
Economy 
Additional Information: 
Airline Record Locator 
Equipment 
Boeing 757 
Estimated Time: 
HR 5 MIN 
Distance: 
1.623 Mies 
Meal: 
Food for purchase 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
-------------------
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
THE AMOUNT OF GOVERNMENT TAXES/AIRLINE-IMPOSED FEES SET FORTH ON THIS 
INVOICE MAY INCLUDE AIRLINE-IMPOSED FUEL SURCHARGES: CUSTOMERS CAN 
CONTACT THEIR TRAVEL COUNSELOR(S) FOR AN ITEMIZED BREAKDOWN OF THIS 
AMOUNT. 
EFTA00590983
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels & 
Resorts program • an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check•in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Caneel Bay. A Rosewood Resort 
North Shore Road 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
The Ritz-Carlton St. Thomas 
6900 Great Bay 
St Thomas, 00802, Virgin Islands US 
The Westin St. John Resort & Villas 
300a Chocolate Hole 
Great Cruz Bay 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00590984
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise, accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including, without limitation, all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. ncluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public interne!, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: •. 
Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 949774001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA:
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 702.486.7355 Fax' 702 486 7371, e-mai: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 775.688.1800, Fax: 775.688.1803, e-mall: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
Califomia CST#1022318.10, Rhode Island Mi_41192. Washington UBl#600.469-694, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00590985

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590986.pdf
----------------------------------------
J.P.Morgan 
Kenneth A. Mallek 
Vice President 
May 15, 2013 
Southern Financial, LLC 
Attn: Jeffrey Epstein 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, VI, 00802 
Dear Mr. Epstein: 
We are pleased to advise you that based upon our discussions, JPMorgan Chase Bank, fl
 ("JPMC") has 
approved your request for a line of credit in the amount of $50,000,000.00. JPMC may, at its discretion, 
make short term loans to you under the line of credit on such terms as may be mutually agreed upon 
between us from time to time. 
This letter is for your information only and does not constitute, and shall not be construed to create, a 
commitment to lend by JPMC. The line of credit is extended at JPMC's discretion. The line of credit shall 
expire on May 31, 2015, unless earlier terminated by either you or JPMC, provided that JPMC may offer 
loans under the line of credit from time to time with a Maturity Date (as defined in the promissory note) 
that extends beyond such date. 
If you have any questions regarding this document, please do not hesitate to contact me at 212.464.1050. 
We are pleased to be of service and look forward to seeking opportunities to expand your Private Banking 
relationship with JPMC. 
Very truly yours, 
JPilorgan Chase Bank, M. /270 Park Avenue, Floor 17. / New York. NY 10017-2070 
Teleph 
-161.2631 
LION: 016922841000 PAC ID: 
EFTA00590986

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590987.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590987.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 MFG 08-03-69 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas Cal Collect 
Agent ID: A7 
ITINERARY 
Generated: March 12. 2014 01.08 PM 
Page 1 of 3 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing 
authorization is received. Please contact your travel office by 11:59 PM on March 13,or this entire 
reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details: 
Friday March 21, 2014 
CITIZENS OF SWEDEN MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
DELTA AIR LINES 
Airline Record Locator 
H7EITS 
Flight: 
780 
Equipment: 
Boeing 757 
Departure: 
1:25 pm 
Albuquerque. NM 
Esbmated Time: 
HR 53 MIN 
Arrival: 
6:18 pm 
Atlanta. GA 
Distance: 
1,269 Mies 
Meal: 
Refrshmnt/pur 
Arrival Terminal: 
SOUTH TERMINAL 
Seats: 
228 238 
Class: 
Economy 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
DELTA AIR LINES 
Airline Record Locator 
H7EITS 
Flight: 
906 
Equipment 
Boeing 737-800 
Departure: 
7:35 pm 
Atlanta. GA 
Esbmated Time: 
HR 23 MIN 
Arrival: 
9:58 pm 
New York Laguardia. NY 
Distance: 
761 Mies 
Meal: 
Refrshmnt/pur 
Departure Terminal: 
SOUTH TERMINAL 
Arrival Terms-tat 
TERMINAL D 
Seats: 
22E 21E 
Class: 
Economy 
Additional Information: 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-------------------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
arett..<0,04 
tx
6stS3 
EFTA00590987
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ric e 2 of 3 
' 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
AGENT REMARKS 
LESLEY. 
HERE IS ITINERARY. 
THANK YOU. 
NANCY EXT 56338 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00590988
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures cr advertisements desalt:4,g any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the teams and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. iicluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your hip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public Internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or. a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
California CSTa1022318.10. Rhode Island ML#1192. Washington UBIII600.469894, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00590989

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590990.pdf
----------------------------------------
BLACK 
SPEBNICK 
KOPNSPAN 
Telephone: 
STUMPF 
-
•
•
Tax ID Number: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
TRIAL ATTORNEYS 
Statement Date: 
03/06/20 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS B-3 
ST THOMAS 00802 
US VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Statement No. 
Account No. 
02/12/2014 
HOURS 
JP 
LEGAL FEES - EMAILS CONCERNING MOTION TO INTERVENE 
APPEAL,. CASSELL. 
0.20 
122.00 
02/2412014 
RB 
LEGAL FEES - ORAL ARGUMENT PREP. 
2.10 
2,940.00 
02/25/2014 
RB 
LEGAL FEES - PREP FOR ORAL ARGUMENT. 
2.30 
3,220.00 
02127/2014 
RB 
LEGAL FEES - PREP FOR ORAL ARGUMENT; MEETING WITH MOW 
TO PREPARE FOR ARGUMENT. 
6.60 
9,240.00 
02/28/2014 
RB 
LEGAL FEES - PREP FOR ORAL ARGUMENT; IN COURT FOR 
ARGUMENT OF APPEAL. 
10.20 
1428000 
FOR CURRENT SERVICES RENDERED 
21.40 
29.802 00 
RECAPITULATION 
TIMEKEEPER 
HOURS 
HOURLY RATE 
TOTAL 
Roy Black 
21.20 
$1,400.00 
$29,680.00 
Jackie Perczek 
0.20 
610.00 
122.00 
THIS PERIOD'S TRANSACTIONS 
29.802.00 
03/06/2014 
PAYMENT DEPOSIT NO 2623 
-5.064.30 
TOTAL OUTSTANDING 
$24,737.70 
201 S. BISCAYNE BOULEVARD 
SUITE 1300 
MIAMI, FL 33131 
Page 1 
EFTA00590990
--- PAGE 2 ---
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Your Trust Account #2 Balance is 
OPENING BALANCE 
03/05/2014 
Transfer towards fees 
PAYEE: Black, Srebnick, Kornspan & 
Statement Date: 
03/06/20 
Statement No. 
Account No. 
S5.064.30 
-5,064.30 
CLOSING BALANCE 
$0.00 
Total Outstanding 
$24,737.70 
Page 
EFTA00590991

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590992.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 PVC 08-0349 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
EPSTEIN/JEFFREY E 
Travel Details: 
Monday March 17, 2014 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas Ca Collect 
Agent ID. IL 
ITINERARY 
Generated: March 5.2014 05:29 PM 
Page 1 of 3 
HOTEL INFORMATION 
Hotel: 
Phone Number: 
Fax Number. 
FOUR SEASONS 
FOUR SEASONS VANCOUVER 
791 WEST GEORGIA ST 
VANCOUVER BC V6C2T4 
Confirmation Number 
105559799 
Hotel Rate: 
565.00 CAD per night 
Late Arrival Guarantee - Credit Card 
Special Info: 
REQUEST NEAR PREMIER ROOM 1 OF 2 
CANCEL 01 DAYS BEFORE ARRIVAL 
Corporate Discount - 857587 
Check-In: 
Check-Out 
3/17/2014 
3/19/2014 
FINE HOTEL AND RESORT PROGRAM. FOR PAYMENT. CARDMEMBERS MUST USE AN AMERICAN EXPRESS CARD PRODUCT IN HISMER 
NAME. 
HOTEL INFORMATION 
Hotel: 
Phone Number: 
Fax Number. 
FOUR SEASONS 
FOUR SEASONS VANCOUVER 
791 WEST GEORGIA ST 
VANCOUVER BC V6C2T4 
Confirmation Number 
105559801 
Hotel Rate: 
425.00 CAD per night 
Late Arrival Guarantee - Credit Card 
Special Info: 
REQUEST NEAR DLX EXEC STE - 2 OF 2 
CANCEL 01 DAYS BEFORE ARRIVAL 
Corporate Discount - 857587 
Check-In: 
Check-Out 
3117/2014 
3/19/2014 
FINE HOTEL AND RESORT PROGRAM. FOR PAYMENT. CARDMEMBERS MUST USE AN AMERICAN EXPRESS CARD PRODUCT IN HISMER 
NAME. 
HOTEL INFORMATION 
Hotel: 
Phone Number: 
Confirmation Number. 
Hotel Rate: 
FAIRMONT HOTELS 
FAIRMONT WATERFRONT 
900 CANADA PLACE WAY 
VANCOUVER BC V6C3L5 
89994773P151 
429.00 USD per night 
Late Arrival Guarantee - Credit Card 
Check-In: 
Check-Out 
3117/2014 
3/19/2014 
EFTA00590992
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
YOUR CONFIRMATION NUMBER FOR THIS HOTEL IS 89994773 
WEST COAST SUITE FOR JEFFEREY EPSTEIN 
CANCEL HOTEL RESERVATION BY 16MAR 3PM LOCAL HOTEL TIME TO AVOID ALL CHARGES. 
HOTEL INFORMATION 
Hotel: 
Phone Number: 
FAIRMONT HOTELS 
Check-In: 
FAIRMONT WATERFRONT 
Check-Out 
900 CANADA PLACE WAY 
VANCOUVER BC V6C3L5 
Confirmation Number. 
89995887PTS2 
Hotel Rate: 
429.00 CAD per night 
Late Arrival Guarantee - Credit Card 
YOUR CONFIRMATION NUMBER FOR THIS HOTEL IS 89995887 
WEST COAST SUITE FOR-
CANCEL HOTEL RESERVATION BY 16MAR 3PM LOCAL HOTEL TIME TO AVOID ALL CHARGES. 
Additional Information: 
3/17/2014 
3/19/2014 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ADDITIONAL TAXES. SERVICE CHARGES. INSURANCE. OR OTHER 
FEES MAY APPLY TO HOTEL AND CAR RENTAL RESERVATIONS. 
ADVANCE RESERVATIONS ARE RECOMMENDED IF YOU WISH TO ENJOY 
GOLF. SPA. DINING. AFTERNOON TEA OR REOUIRE ANY SPECIAL 
ARRANGEMENTS IN ADVANCE OF YOUR HOTEL STAY. 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00590993
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures cr advertisements desalt:4,g any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the teams and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. iicluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your hip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public Internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or. a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
California CSTa1022318.10. Rhode Island ML#1192. Washington UBIII600.469894, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00590994

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590995.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 MFG 08-0349 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
NUFRZZ 
Travel Arrangements for: 
NOWAK/MARTIN A 
YERMAKOVA/ANNA 
1-877-877-0987 (Toll Free) 
When Overseas Cam Collect 602-537-4000 
Agent ID. CW 
INVOICE 
Generated: February 23.2014 12:13 PM 
Page 1 of 3 
TICKET INFORMATION: NOWAK/MARTIN A 
CHARGES 
Total charged to American Express 
1,662.00 
Aidne Name: 
JET BLUE 
Ticket Date: 
2/23/2014 
Ticket Base Fare: 
1.608.00 
Ticket Number: 
7384390088 
Invoice: 
0326763 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees: 
54.00 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
1.662.00 
CHARGES 
TICKET INFORMATION: YERMAKOVA/ANNA 
Total charged to American Express 
1,662.00 
Aidne Name: 
JET BLUE 
Ticket Date: 
2/23/2014 
Ticket Base Fare: 
1.608.00 
Ticket Number: 
7384390089 
Invoice: 
0326763 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees: 
54.00 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
1.662.00 
Travel Details: 
Friday March 7, 2014 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES-PASSORT MUST BE VALID UPON ARRIVAL 
CITIZENS OF AUSTRIA MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
CITIZENS OF AUSTRIA- MUST BE VALID FOR PERIOD OF INTENDED STAY 
THE BAGGAGE FEES/RULES OF JETBLUE AIRWAYS/JETBLUE AIRWAYS CORP. APPLY TO THIS ITINERARY AND MAY BE ACCESSED BY 
VISITING WWW.AEAIRWEB.COM/MYTRAVELARRANGEMENTS/AIRLINEBAGGAGEPOLICIES.JSP 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
JET BLUE 
Flight: 
807 
Departure: 
8:57 am 
Boston. IM 
Arrival: 
1:59 pm 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Departure Terminal: 
TERMINAL C 
Seats: 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Economy 
Travel Details: 
Sunday March 9, 2014 
Airline Record Locator 
DJOBOS 
Equipment 
Airbus A320 
Estimated Time: 
HR 2 MIN 
Distance: 
1.693 Mies 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
JET BLUE 
Flight: 
808 
Departure: 
1:40 pm 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Arrival: 
7:0t pm 
Boston. MA 
Stop City: San Juan. PUERTO RICO 
Arrival Termnal: 
TERMINAL C 
Seats: 
19D 19E 
Class: 
Economy 
Additional Information: 
Airline Record Locator 
DJOBOS 
Equipment 
Airbus A320 
Estimated Time: 
HR 56 MIN 
Distance: 
1.693 Mies 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
ram 
EFTA00590995
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
-------------------
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
THE AMOUNT OF GOVERNMENT TAXES/AIRLINE-IMPOSED FEES SET FORTH ON THIS 
INVOICE MAY INCLUDE AIRLINE-IMPOSED FUEL SURCHARGES: CUSTOMERS CAN 
CONTACT THEIR TRAVEL COUNSELOR(S) FOR AN ITEMIZED BREAKDOWN OF THIS 
AMOUNT. 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels 8 
Resorts program - an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check-in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Caneel Bay. A Rosewood Resort 
North Shore Road 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
The Ritz-Carlton St. Thomas 
6900 Great Bay 
St Thomas, 00802, Virgin Islands US 
The Westin St. John Resort 8 Villas 
300a Chocolate Hole 
Great Cruz Bay 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00590996
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures or advertisements desalting any tour, cruise, accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including, without limitation, all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the terns and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. ncluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS ANC") OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public interne!, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at, 
www.tcrcinfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA:
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 702.486.7355, Fax: 702.486.7371, e-mai: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
NORTHERN NEVADk. 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502. Phone: 775.688.1800, Fax: 775.6881803, e-mail: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
California CST#1022318.10, Rhode Island W#1192. Washington UBIN600-469-694. Iowa TAft002. Nevada NW/20014126. 
EFTA00590997

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00590998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00590998.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 MFG 08-0349 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
NOWAK/MARTIN A 
YERMAKOVA/ANNA 
1-877-877-0987 (Toll Free) 
When Overseas Cal Collect 602-537-4000 
Agent ID. CW 
INVOICE 
Generated: February 23.2014 12:13 PM 
Page 1 o13 
TICKET INFORMATION: NOWAK/MARTIN A 
CHARGES 
Total charged to American Express 
1,662.00 
Aidne Name: 
JET BLUE 
Ticket Date: 
2/23/2014 
Ticket Base Fare: 
1.608.00 
Ticket Number 
Invoice: 
0326763 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees: 
54.00 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
1.662.00 
CHARGES 
TICKET INFORMATION: YERMAKOVA/ANNA 
Total charged to American Express 
1,662.00 
Mine Name: 
JET BLUE 
Ticket Date: 
2/23/2014 
Ticket Base Fare: 
1.608.00 
Ticket Number: 
Invoice: 
0326763 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees: 
54.00 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
1.662.00 
Travel Details: 
Friday March 7, 2014 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES-PASSORT MUST BE VALID UPON ARRIVAL 
CITIZENS OF AUSTRIA MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
CITIZENS OF AUSTRIA- MUST BE VALID FOR PERIOD OF INTENDED STAY 
THE BAGGAGE FEES:RULES OF JETBLUE AIRWAYSLIETBLUE AIRWAYS CORP. APPLY TO THIS ITINERARY AND MAY BE ACCESSED BY 
VISITING 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
JET BLUE 
Flight: 
807 
Departure: 
8:57 am 
Boston. IM 
Arrival: 
1:59 pm 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Departure Terminal: 
TERMINAL C 
Seats: 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Economy 
Travel Details: 
Sunday March 9, 2014 
Aldine Record Locator 
DJOBOS 
Equipment 
Airbus A320 
Estimated Time: 
HR 2 MIN 
Distance: 
1.693 Mies 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
JET BLUE 
Flight: 
808 
Departure: 
1:40 pm 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Arrival: 
7:01 pm 
Boston. MA 
Stop City: San Juan. PUERTO RICO 
Arrival Termnal: 
TERMINAL C 
Seats: 
19D 19E 
Class: 
Economy 
Additional Information: 
Airline Record Locator 
DJOBOS 
Equipment 
Airbus A320 
Estimated Time: 
HR 56 MIN 
Distance: 
1.693 Mies 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
MAL 1.404 
ello mitSS 
EFTA00590998
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
-------------------
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
THE AMOUNT OF GOVERNMENT TAXES/AIRLINE-IMPOSED FEES SET FORTH ON THIS 
INVOICE MAY INCLUDE AIRLINE-IMPOSED FUEL SURCHARGES: CUSTOMERS CAN 
CONTACT THEIR TRAVEL COUNSELOR(S) FOR AN ITEMIZED BREAKDOWN OF THIS 
AMOUNT. 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels 8 
Resorts program - an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check-in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Caneel Bay. A Rosewood Resort 
North Shore Road 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
The Ritz-Carlton St. Thomas 
6900 Great Bay 
St Thomas, 00802, Virgin Islands US 
The Westin St. John Resort 8 Villas 
300a Chocolate Hole 
Great Cruz Bay 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00590999
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise, accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including, without limitation, all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. ncluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public interne!, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: •. 
Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 949774001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA:
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 702.486.7355 Fax' 702 486 7371, e-mai: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 775.688.1800, Fax: 775.688.1803, e-mall: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
Califomia CST#1022318.10, Rhode Island Mi_41192. Washington UBl#600.469-694, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00591000

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591001.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 /NC 08-0349 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
NOWAK/MARTIN A 
YERMAKOVA/ANNA 
1-877-877-0987 (Toll Free) 
When Overseas Cam Collect 602-537-4000 
Agent ID. CW 
INVOICE 
Generated: February 23.2014 12:13 PM 
Page 1 o13 
TICKET INFORMATION: NOWAK/MARTIN A 
CHARGES 
Total charged to American Express 
1,662.00 
Aidrie Name: 
JET BLUE 
Ticket Date: 
2/23;2014 
Ticket Base Fare: 
1.608.00 
Ticket Number: 
7384390088 
Invoice: 
0326763 
Gov't Taxes?Airline Imposed Fees: 
54.00 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
1.662.00 
CHARGES 
TICKET INFORMATION: YERMAKOVA/ANNA 
Total charged to American Express 
1,662.00 
Aidrie Name: 
JET BLUE 
Ticket Date: 
2/23/2014 
Ticket Base Fare: 
1.608.00 
Ticket Number: 
7384390089 
Invoice: 
0326763 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees: 
54.00 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
1.662.00 
Travel Details: 
Friday March 7, 2014 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES-PASSORT MUST BE VALID UPON ARRIVAL 
CITIZENS OF AUSTRIA MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
CITIZENS OF AUSTRIA- MUST BE VALID FOR PERIOD OF INTENDED STAY 
THE BAGGAGE FEES:RULES OF JETBLUE AIRWAYStJETBLUE AIRWAYS CORP. APPLY TO THIS ITINERARY AND MAY BE ACCESSED BY 
VISITING 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
JET BLUE 
Flight: 
807 
Departure: 
8:57 am 
Boston. IM 
Arrival: 
1:59 pm 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Departure Terminal: 
TERMINAL C 
Seats: 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Economy 
Travel Details: 
Sunday March 9, 2014 
Aldine Record Locator 
DJOBOS 
Equipment 
Airbus A320 
Esbmated Time: 
HR 2 MIN 
Distance: 
1.693 Mies 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
JET BLUE 
Flight: 
808 
Departure: 
1:40 pm 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Arrival: 
7:01 pm 
Boston. MA 
Stop City: San Juan. PUERTO RICO 
Arrival Terms-tat 
TERMINAL C 
Seats: 
19D 19E 
Class: 
Economy 
Additional Information: 
Airline Record Locator 
DJOBOS 
Equipment 
Airbus A320 
Esbmated Time: 
HR 56 MIN 
Distance: 
1.693 Mies 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
EFTA00591001
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
-------------------
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
THE AMOUNT OF GOVERNMENT TAXES/AIRLINE-IMPOSED FEES SET FORTH ON THIS 
INVOICE MAY INCLUDE AIRLINE-IMPOSED FUEL SURCHARGES: CUSTOMERS CAN 
CONTACT THEIR TRAVEL COUNSELOR(S) FOR AN ITEMIZED BREAKDOWN OF THIS 
AMOUNT. 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels 8 
Resorts program - an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check-in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Caneel Bay. A Rosewood Resort 
North Shore Road 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
The Ritz-Carlton St. Thomas 
6900 Great Bay 
St Thomas, 00802, Virgin Islands US 
The Westin St. John Resort 8 Villas 
300a Chocolate Hole 
Great Cruz Bay 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00591002
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise, accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including, without limitation, all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. ncluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public interne!, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: •. 
Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 949774001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA:
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 702.486.7355 Fax' 702 486 7371, e-mai: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 775.688.1800, Fax: 775.688.1803, e-mall: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
Califomia CST#1022318.10, Rhode Island Mi_41192. Washington UBl#600.469-694, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00591003

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591004.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 09-34791-RBR Doc 4793 Filed 06/28/13 Page 1 of 3 
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
FORT LAUDERDALE DIVISION 
IN RE: 
CASE NO.: 09-34791-RBR 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER, M., 
CHAPTER I I 
Debtor. 
CHAPTER 11 TRUSTEE HERBERT STETTIN'S SECOND AMENDED' 
CROSS-NOTICE OF RULE 7030 EXAMINATION OF JOHN (JACK) SCARO14, 
Herbert Stettin, Chapter 11 Trustee (the "Trustee") of Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, PA. 
(MA" or "Debtor") and the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors (the "Committee" and 
together with the Trustee, collectively, the "Plan Proponents"), pursuant to the Order 
Establishing Discovery and Hearing Procedures in Connection with Objections to Confirmation 
[ECF No. 4533], the Notice of Filing Trustee's Notice of Filing Proposed Dates and Times for 
Depositions of Confirmation Witnesses [ECF No.4566], and pursuant to Rule 7030 of the Federal 
Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure, will cross-examine John (Jack) Searola under oath on July 2, 
2013 at 9:30 a.m. at the offices of Berger Singerman LLP, 350 East Las Olas Boulevard, 
Suite 1000, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301. 
The examination may continue from day to day until completed. The examination is 
pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 7030, and will be taken before an officer authorized to record the 
testimony. The scope of the examination shall be as described in Bankruptcy Rule 7030. 
The deposition will be recorded on videotape as well as stenographically by an officer 
authorized by law to administer oaths and take depositions in the State of Florida. The 
' This cross-notice is being amended to include that the deposition will be recorded on videotape. 
5053539.3 
EFTA00591004
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 4793 Filed 06/28/13 Page 2 of 3 
deposition is being taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or both, or for such other 
purposes as are permitted under the applicable Federal and Local Rules of Civil procedure. 
Dated: June 28, 2013 
Respectfully submittal, 
BERGER SINGERMAN LLP 
1450 Brickell Avenue 
Suite 1900 
Miami, FL 33131 
Tel. (305) 755-9500 
Fax (305) 7144340 
By: /s/ Paul Steven Singerman 
Paul Steven Sin erman 
Florida Bar No. 
Jordi Guso 
Florida Bar No. 
Christopher A. Jarvinen 
Florida Bar No. 
Isaac M. Marcushamer 
Florida Bar No. 
Counse1for Herbert Stettin, Chapter 11 Trustee 
- and - 
AKERMAN SENTERF1TT 
350 E. Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1600 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Telephone: 954-463-2700 
Facsimile: 954-463-2224 
By:  Id Michael L Goldberg 
Michael I. Goldbe 
Florida Bar No. 
Eyal Berger 
Florida Bar No. 
Counsel fir the Official Committee of Unsecured 
Creditors 
50535394 
EFTA00591005
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 09-34791-RBR 
Doc 4793 Filed 06/28/13 Page 3 of 3 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVIC 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served on the 
examinee, the debtor, the attorney for the debtor and the trustee this 28`h day of June, 2013, by 
electronic mail through the Court's CM/ECF system to those parties who are registered users; 
and via e-mail to the examinee(s) and counsel having filed a Notice of Intent to Participate in 
Plan Confirmation Discovery pursuant to the Order Establishing Discovery and Hearing 
Procedures in Connection with Objections to Confirmation [ECF No. 4533]. 
By: 
s/ Paul Steven Sinaerman 
Paul Steven Singennan 
$0$3539.3 
EFTA00591006

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591007.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591007.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTETN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
NOTICE OF TAKING DEPOSITION 
TO: 
All counsel on the attached Counsel List 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned attorneys will take deposition(s) of: 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
Jeffrey Epstein 
DATE AND TIME 
October 21, 2013 
10:00 a.m. 
LOCATION 
Searcy Denney Scarola 
Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
upon oral examination before Phipps Reporting, Inc., a Notary Public; or any other officer 
authorized by law to take depositions in the State of Florida. The oral examination is being taken 
for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for such other purposes as are permitted under the 
applicable Statutes or Rules. 
EFTA00591007

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591008.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591008.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mac Doctor NYC 
SCOTT DENETT 
273 East 10th Street Apt. A 
New York. NY 10009 USA 
Billing Statement CLIENT NUMBER JE INVOICE NUMBER JE-1403-2025 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Total Amount Due 
East 71st street 
2,000.00$ 
New York, NY 10021 USA 
Apple Consultant 
Debt
Date 
Description 
ype 
Hourly 
1/13/14 (2.00 
travel 
hours) 
Hourly 
apple network, review whole property, begin rewire, update firmware on 
1/13/14 (3.00 
all present gear, review gym sound, master bedroom av system 
hours) 
go to apple store buy gear, go to tiger direct buy gear, removed 8 base 
Hourly 
stations from network, built new_cabana network for je and main house 
, set up new network for staff location, set up 3 printers on new 
1/14/14 (9.00
hours) 
network, tested devices, tested bandwidth , reviewed with larrry gym 
system, gym system trouble shooting, rewire server closet to netgear 
gigabit switch 
go to apple store buy gear, go to home depot to by gear, go to tiger 
Hourly 
direct to buy gear, set up bose system on glass desk - input is apple tv, 
1/15/14 (6.00 
removed old mac mini and replaced with airport, set up 3 g booster, set 
hours) 
up new apple tv in bedroom, rewired rear left speaker, tuned gym, check 
network, printer, bandwith 
Hourly 
apple tv in gym need a to d converter ---- final walk trough final checks 
1/16/14 (5.00 
425.00$ 
instructions 
hours) 
Hourly 
1/16/14 (2.00 
travel 
170.00$ 
hours) 
1/16/14 Discount Fixed Amount Adjustment (Discount) thank you to Jeffrey 
-295.00$ 
Subtotal 
2,000.00$ 
Total 
2,000.00$ 
DUE DATE 1/21/14 
Amount 
170.00$ 
255.00$ 
765.00$ 
510.00$ 
Make Checks Payable To "Scott Denett" 
EFTA00591008

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591009.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591009.pdf
----------------------------------------
10:46 AM 
08/1W 3 
Accrual Basle 
Type 
Date 
Hyperion Air, Inc. 
Register QuickReport 
All Transactions 
Num 
Memo 
Account 
Clr 
Split 
Amount 
Cash 
Check 
10/06.2011 
1107 
0004 JP Morgan ... 
X 
44030 • Other ncome -30,000.00 
Check 
12/12/2011 
1109 
0004 - JP Morgan ... 
X 
44000 • Other ncome -30,000.00 
Check 
02/21/2012 
1111 
0004 - JP Morgan ... 
X 
44000 • Other none 30,000.00 
Check 
03/19/2012 
1112 
0004 - JP Morgan ... 
X 
44000 • Other ncome-30,000.00 
Check 
05/25/2012 
1115 
0004 • JP Morgan ... 
X 
44000 • Other ncome -30,000.00 
Check 
07/09/2012 
1116 
0304 • JP Morgan ... 
X 
44000 - Other name-30.000.00 
Check 
07212012 
1117 
0004 • JP Morgan ... 
X 
44000 • Other none-30.000.00 
Check 
09/10/2012 
1118 
0004 • JP Morgan ... 
X 
44000 - Other ncome-30.000.00 
Check 
09/28/2012 
1119 
0004 • JP Morgan ... 
X 
44000 - Olher ncome 20,000.00 
Check 
1023/2012 
1123 
0004 • JP Morgan ... 
X 
44000 - Other name -40,000.00 
Check 
12/07/2012 
1124 
0004 JP Morgan ... 
X 
44000 - Other ncome -40.000.00 
Check 
02/28/2013 
1125 
0004 • JP Morgan ... 
X 
44000 -Other ncome -40,000.00 
Check 
06/04/2013 
1130 
0004 - JP Morgan 
44000 -Other ncome .40,000.03 
Check 
07/31/2013 
1132 
0004 • JP Morgan ... 
44000 - Other ncome -20,000.00 
Total Cash 
-450,000.00 
TOTAL 
-450,000.00 
Page 1 
EFTA00591009

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591010.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591010.pdf
----------------------------------------
1:34 PM 
08/12/13 
Accrual Basle 
Hyperion Air, Inc. 
Register QuickReport 
All Transactions 
Check 
11/09/2011 
Euros 
15.003 Euros cash 0 1.... 
10004 • JP Morgan ... 
X 
44000 • Other ... 
-2121o.00 
Check 
01/05/2012 
Euros 
15.000 Euros cash 0 1.... 
10004 • JP Morgan ... 
X 
44000 • Other ... 
-19,848.00 
Check 
03/19/2012 
Euros 
15.000 Euros cash 
10004 • JP Morgan ... 
X 
-SPLIT- 
-20.433.00 
Check 
07/10/2012 
Ewos 
15.000 Euros cash 
10004 - JP Morgan ... 
X 
-SPLIT- 
-19,134.00 
Check 
10/03/2012 
Euros 
15.000 Euros cash 
10004 • JP Morgan ... 
X 
44000 • Other ... 
-20,200.50 
Check 
12/05/2012 
Euros 
15.000 Euros cash 
10004 • JP Morgan ... 
X 
44000 - Other ... 
-20244.00 
Check 
03/18/2013 
Ems 
15.000 Euros cash 
10004 • JP Morgan ... 
X 
44000 - Other ... 
-20,094.00 
Check 
06/11/2013 
15.000 Euros cash 
10004 - JP Morgan ... 
-20,094.00 
Total Jeffrey Epstein 
-181,999.50 
TOTAL 
-181,999.50 
Page 1 
EFTA00591010

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591011.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591011.pdf
----------------------------------------
Note: This drawing is an artistic 
interpretation of the general 
appearance of the design. It is 
not meant to be an exact rendition. 
Designed: 5/24/2013 
Printed: 5/24/2013 
130524-LSJ Design 2 
All 
I Drawing #: 1 
EFTA00591011

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591012.pdf
----------------------------------------
0 
I 
00 
CI 
Note: This drawing is an artistic 
interpretation of the general 
appearance of the design. It is 
not meant to be an exact rendition. 
Designed: 5/24/2013 
Printed: 5/24/2013 
130524-LSJ Design 2 
All 
I Drawing #: 1 
EFTA00591012

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591013.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591013.pdf
----------------------------------------
1i 
el. 
Note: This drawing is an artistic 
interpretation of the general 
appearance of the design. It is 
not meant to be an exact rendition. 
Designed: 5/24/2013 
Printed: 5/24/2013 
130524-LSJ Design 2 
All 
I Drawing #: 1 
EFTA00591013

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591014.pdf
----------------------------------------
it 
Ii
❑o 
Note: This drawing is an artistic 
interpretation of the general 
appearance of the design. It is 
not meant to be an exact rendition. 
Designed: 5/24/2013 
Printed: 5/24/2013 
130524-LSJ Design 2 
All 
I Drawing #: 1 
EFTA00591014

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591015.pdf
----------------------------------------
BED%) 
Back to Treating toxic nation 
Treating toxic nation 
September 22, 2007 
Lindsay Bonhviick 
Earlier this month, just as Ontario's body politic moved into election mode, the public was given a peek inside our leaders. Literally. 
Environmental Defence. an advocacy group, revealed the "body burdens" of Premier Dalton McGuinty, John Tory and Howard Hampton. 
Our politicians, it turns out. are polluted with dozens of toxic chemicals found in the environment. including lead, mercury. pesticides, flame 
retardants and non-stick chemicals, known as PFCs. And they're not alone. 
Every Ontarian. indeed, every Canadian. is exposed to harmful chemicals through the air we breathe. the food we eat and the water we 
drink McGuinty. Tory and Hampton reacted with surprise and alarm to the results of their tests and they immediately promised to introduce 
tough measures to safeguard the environment and the Canadian public from these substances. 
Were these more empty promises or had Environmental Defence finally delivered the jolt that would move government to take responsibility 
for our toxic nation? After all, isn't it up to government to manage this risk for us? 
Or is it? 
According to several North American sociologists, legions of consumers are taking the responsibility on themselves. They're trying to 
manage the risk of exposure to environmental contaminants by buying green; in so doing. they're middling environmentalism. 
The problem is. It's not necessarily for the better. 
At the University of Toronto, not far from Environmental Defence's office, Professor Jostie Johnston and her graduate student Norah 
MacKendrick are exploring what it means to live in an age of consumer activism. 
Johnston, who specializes in the sociology of food, including the organics movement. has witnessed the rise of hybrid citizen-consumers 
who both exert their politics and satisfy their pleasures through shopping. These shopping activists are voting with their wallets 'to stop child 
labour, to support social justice, to protect their health and to save the environment." she says. "But the goals behind consumerism and the 
goals behind citizenship are actually quite distinct and often contradict each other." 
Then there is MacKendrick, whose work is specifically concerned with the issue of the environment. Ours has become a "risk society," she 
argues, in which environmental risks, including climate change, nuclear accidents and oil spills, are all around us. 
The accumulation of contaminants in the human body is another such ubiquitous environmental risk. These chemicals don't respect the 
division between urban and rural, rich and poor, and they don't honour national borders. They're a collective problem that requires a 
collective response. 
But what happens. MacKendrick asks in her research. to a society in which people worry about invisible contaminants in their food, water 
and air, and feel that government isn't adequately protecting them? The answer is something she has termed "precautionary consumption' 
describes a shift in the way we shop: nowadays. people are carefully selecting products that may be better for their health and the 
environment. such as organic foods and biodegradable cleaners. and are avoiding products that may be harmful. 
This trend is borne out in the Canadian marketplace where, in 2006. annual sales of certified organic products surpassed $1 billion. 
according to a recent study by the Organic Agriculture Centre of Canada. In Ontario alone, sales jumped 24 per cent over 2005 figures. 
Why is the booming market for organic foods, a reflection of our concerted effort to avoid pesticides in our food, a cause for concern? Put 
simply. we're losing sight of what it means to be green. At a practical level, being green has become synonymous with buying green, an idea 
that Andrew Szasz, chair of the Department of Sociology at the University of California Santa Cruz, explores in his forthcoming book 
Shopping Our Way to Safety. 
EFTA00591015
--- PAGE 2 ---
In the lace of the current environmental crisis. he says, Americans (like Canadians) have gone shopping - making what were niche 
commodities in the 1980s. such as organic food. into mass market items readily available on the shelves of WatMan. 
It struck me at some point that this was a strange, new, mutant form of environmentalism." he writes. "There is an awareness of hazard. a 
feeling of vulnerability, of being at risk. That feeling, however, does not lead to political action ... it leads. instead. to individualized acts of 
se8•protection. to just trying to keep those contaminants out of one% body? 
In the book, which will be published this November. he also outlines two major consequences of the urge to shop our way to safety: First, it 
won't work. Second, it leads to political inaction. 
•We become anaesthetized? he says. People believe they've solved the problem. therefore they're less likely to line up and advocate for 
more political responses: 
Johnston and MacKendrick's work echoes these concerns. "(Consumer activism) may give people a sense of agency and control... but it 
can also give people a false sense of what they can achieve: says Johnston. "Norah's work really ilbstrates that. There's no escape from 
these body burdens. Everybody has them and we can't buy our way out of this." 
Environmental Defence, by choosing to test a handful of politicians. has clearly placed the onus on government to protect us. "You can 
make personal choices to avoid certain types of exposures." says Aaron Freeman. policy director at Environmental Defence. "But this is one 
area where government cannot be left off the hook? 
The message that emerges seems dear: Go ahead and vote with your wallet but don't forget to go to the polls. 
EFTA00591016

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591017.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT RO"I'I [STEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
REQUEST TO PRODUCE TO EPSTEIN 
Bradley J. Edwards by and through his undersigned counsel, requests, pursuant to Rule 
1.350 of the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, that Jeffrey Epstein produce and permit Bradley J. 
Edwards to inspect and copy each of the following documents*: 
1. 
All documents* reflecting any and all communications between you or anyone 
acting on your behalf and any attorney consulted by you or on your behalf regarding the basis for 
and/or the viability of any claim by you against Bradley Edwards. 
*"Documents" shall include, but not be limited to all non-identical copies of writings, 
drawings, graphs, charts, photographs, phono-records, recordings, and/or any other data 
compilations from which information can be obtained, translated, if necessary, by the party to 
whom the request is directed through detection devices into reasonably usable form. 
"Documents" also include all electronic data as well as application metadata and system 
metadata. 
All inventories and rosters of your information technology (IT) systems—e.g., 
hardware, software and data, including but not limited to network drawings, lists of computing 
EFTA00591017

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591018.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591018.pdf
----------------------------------------
CAPTAIN WILLIAM HAMMOND 
INVOICE 
Attention: Captain Larry Visoski 
RE: Pilot Contract Services & Expenses 
July 2012 
5011 St Andrews 
Description 
Days 
Daily Rate Cost 
Westerville, Ohio 
43082 
Pilot services June 28-July 3 DFW 
$1,000.00 
$ 5,000.00 
GIV Training 
July 18-25 RSW-STT-TEB-STT-
$1,000.00 
$ 8,000.00 
PSI 
July 27-29 Simulator 8-727- MIA 
$1,000.00 
$3000.00 
July 30- July 4 PBI-ABO-SJC-
$1,000.00 
$6000.00 
BUR-ABO-CMH 
Expenses -see attached receipts 
$142.05 
Meals and Transportation 
Subtotal 
$22.142.05 
Credit For GIV Training costs 
S (13,000) 
Total Due 
$ 9,142.05 
Thank you for using my services! 
William G. Hammond 
EFTA00591018

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591019.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591019.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Sal. 20 February 2016 19:11:36 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page 1 of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket SU 5557754272233-20FEB 
Travel Details 
Sunday 21 Feb 16 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF BELARUS MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
A VISA IS REQUIRED FOR ENTRY INTO FRANCE 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF BELARUS- PASSPORT MUST BE VALID FOR AT LEAST 6 MONTHS FROM DATE OF ENTRY 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION- PASSPORT MUST BE VALID FOR A MIN OF 6 MONTHS BEYOND THE PERIOD 
OF INTENDED STAY 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary XFIVCK 
aP.M
BCPRE SS 
EFTA00591019
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Travel Details 
Tuesday 23 Feb 16 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Aeroflot 
Flight 
SU2462 
Origin 
Moscow. 
Destination 
Paris, 
Departing 
01:05 PM 
Arriving 
03:00 PM 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal D - Domestic/Intl 
Arrival Terminal 
Terminal 2 C 
Class 
L Economy Class 
Seats 
9C 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Additional Messages 
Sheremetyevo 
Charles De Gaulle 
Confirmed 
Estimated lime 
Hrs 55 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A321 
Meal 
Lunch 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
1PC 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In. when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available• 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property. such as a $100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at w.vw a menca nexpres s.ccovflv. 
To book your stay, visit amerIcanexpress.cornIffir or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cal Centurion Travel Service fordetails 
"Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wynv.allianzcom. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise, accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includng, without limitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wash to inquire with the hotel before your tnp regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodicaty review yr.vw VicarAntral rnmearrPx for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit rersirements for your travel 
destination. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Page 2 of 3 
Itinerary XFIVCK 
:
A
V
E RICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00591020
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
Air Transportation Important aline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit https:llmyamextravelcomrstatictonditions for more information 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include exptosrves. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactrve materials. Examples: Pants. lighter fluid. fireworks, tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in you' luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your aline representative or visit hltps.,'.,www.faa.Gov.'abcc,Vinitiatves,bazrrat_sa'eUp'. 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury, expense a damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly. from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cassaba, of operations. accidents a 
failures of equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public intemet telecommunications lines or facihlies. or third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you n finding travel suppliers and mating arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppliers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
oaten suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncenbves for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to tine may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supportng technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements. ricluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The retabonships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppbers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the Cakfomia Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your claim 
and a $35 processng fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 600t: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: a by 
visiting TCRC's website at: ianwricronfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
California CS1r1022318. Washington UBIN6q0-469-694. Iowa TAr669. 
Page 3 of 3 
Itinerary XFIVCK 
AMERICA 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00591021

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591022.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591022.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sachs Diaz & Diaz, PL. 
Certified Public Accountants 
October 20, 2015 
Joe Titone, Esq. 
621 South East 5th Street 
Pompano Beach, FL 33060 
Re: MO Model Management 
**CONFIDENTIAL** 
Dear Mr. Titone: 
Our office has compiled the information provided by Mc2 Model Management for the 
years 2006-April 2015, we have concluded that the lost profits total the sum of 
($28,355,959) Twenty Eight Million Three Hundred Fifty Five Thousand Nine Hundred 
Fifty Nine based on the schedules attached, summarized below: 
IMIEs-__F
_ 
2006 
$710,491 
2007 
$688,081 
2008 
$784,876 
2009 
$1,494,414 
2010 
$1,810,851 
2011 
$2,335,069 
2012 
$4,608,779 
2013 
$4,972,676 
2014 
$7,131,156 
As of 2015 
$3,819,566 
TOTAL LOST PROFIT 
(Actual NI - Projected NI) 
$28,355,959 
Please be advised that these loses are based on additional information provided by our 
client. This is the most reasonable information we can provide at this point. 
Should you have any questions, please feel free to contact our office. 
Members of American and Florida Institutes of Certified Public Accountants 
3675 SW 24"" Street 
Florida 33145 
Telephone 
Facsimile 
EFTA00591022
--- PAGE 2 ---
Representation Letter 
October 20, 2015 
Mc2 Model Management, LLC 
Miami, Florida 
Re: 
REVISED INFORMATION 
BASED ON NEW ASSUMPTIONS 
To Sachs Diaz & Diaz, P.L.: 
We are providing this letter in connection with the additional work necessary for the preparation 
of the revised Statements of Revenues and Expenses — Income Tax Basis (Actual vs. Projected) 
for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014 and for 
the four months ended April 30, 2015. 
We confirm, to the best of our knowledge and belief, the following representations made to you 
during your preparation of the revised statements. 
I. We revised our assumptions in regards to the company's Projected Revenue and 
Expenses for the aforementioned periods. 
2. Our assumption to decrease the Projected Revenues by 25% was suggested by our legal 
counsel in an attempt to arrange for settlement. 
3. We believe that the decrease in Projected Revenues including the projected model 
expenses is reasonable and appropriate. 
r 
c2 Model Management, LLC 
EFTA00591023
--- PAGE 3 ---
MC2 Models Management, LLC 
Summary of Lost Revenues and Profits - REVISED 
(Schedule 1) 
Ell 
DE 
?&SS 
2922 
2010 
ELL 
ELI 
EU 
Ell
As or Aiwa 2015 
Total
Actual Revenues 
6.042.173 
7,565,369 
9798,289 
6,720.406 
8.058,725 
8.955,483 
9.511,911 
10.482.009 
10,732,969 
1013 711 
79,881.065 
Actual Operating Expenses 
6.815.060 
8.295.415 
8,906,606 
6.988.554 
7,504.089 
8.556.333 
8695.274 
10.405.264 
10.500.716 
2.916.137 
79.583.450 
Actual Net Income (Loss) 
(772.887) 
(730.048) 
(108:119) 
(268,148)
399,150 
554,838 
815,637 
76,745 
232.273 
97,574 
. 297,616 
Projected Revenues 
9.000.000 
10,800.000 
12,960,000 
15,552.000 
18.662.400 
22.394.880 
26.873,856 
32.248.827 
38.698.352 
15.479.341 
202.669.456 
Projected Operating Expenses 
9.062.396 
10,841.965 
12,283,443 
14.325.734 
16.296,913 
660 661 
448 440 
99 208 
334 923 
11.562,201 
174.015,882 
Projected Net Incomee(Loss) 
(62,396) 
(41.965) 
676,557 
1,226,268 
2,365.487 
2,734.219 
5.425,418 
5,049.421 
7,363,429 
3917,140 
28,653,574 
Lost Profits (Actual NI - Projected NI) 
710.491 
688 081 
784.876 
1,494.414 
810,851 
2.335.069 
4.608.779 
4.972.676 
7.131.155 
3.819,566 
28.355.959 
Total Lost Profits: 
28,355,959 
EFTA00591024
--- PAGE 4 ---
MC2 Model Management, LLC 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses - Income Tax Basis (Actual vs. Projected) - REVISED 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2006 
Actual 
Projected 
Variance 
Revenues 
Fees 
$ 
6,040,065 
$ 
9.000.000 
2,959,935 
Other income 
2,108 
(2,108) 
Total revenues 
6.042,173 
9.000,000 
2,957,827 
Operating expenses 
Accounting 
13,762 
16,514 
2,752 
Advertising and public relations 
3,184 
6,368 
3,184 
Automobile 
57,666 
57,666 
Bank charges 
17,741 
21,289 
3,548 
Commissions 
125,527 
186,976 
61,449 
Delivery and freight 
1,782 
2,138 
356 
Depreciation 
41,153 
41,153 
Dues and subscriptions 
4,910 
5,892 
982 
Insurance 
85,729 
84,722 
(1,007) 
Interest 
42,747 
(42,747) 
licenses and taxes 
88,816 
87,773 
(1,043) 
Meals and entertainment 
11,543 
13,852 
2,309 
Model expense 
4,189,918 
6,241,010 
2,051,092 
Office supplies and expenses 
98,762 
118,514 
19,752 
Outside services 
63,715 
76,458 
12,743 
Payroll services 
6,184 
6,184 
Postage 
3,314 
3,314 
Professional services 
76,121 
91,345 
15,224 
Rent 
327,293 
435,293 
108,000 
Repairs and maintenance 
92,796 
92,796 
Salaries and wages 
1,092,687 
1,079,854 
(12,833) 
Scouting 
111,811 
111,811 
Telephone 
73,552 
88,262 
14,710 
Travel 
157,489 
157,489 
Utilities 
26,858 
721 
8,863 
Total operating expenses 
815 060 
9,062,396 
2,247,336 
Net Profit/(Loss) 
(772,8871 
(62,3%.1 
S 
710,491 
Mention is directed to independent accountants' compilation report 
EFTA00591025
--- PAGE 5 ---
MC2 Model Management, LLC 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses - Income Tax Basis (Actual vs. Projected) - REVISED 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2007 
Actual 
Projected 
Variance 
Revenues 
Fees 
$ 
7,565,369 
$ 
10,800.000 
3,234,631 
Other income 
Total revenues 
7,565,369 
10,800,000 
3,234,631 
Operating expenses 
Advertising and public relations 
10,283 
20,566 
10,283 
Bank charges 
17,262 
20,714 
3,452 
Commissions 
8,034 
11,469 
3,435 
Delivery and freight 
7,436 
8,923 
1,487 
Depreciation 
32,459 
32,459 
Dues and subscriptions 
6,458 
7,750 
1,292 
Insurance 
130,043 
140,525 
10,482 
Interest 
75,467 
(75,467) 
Licenses and taxes 
99,042 
107,026 
7,984 
Meals and entertainment 
44,332 
53,198 
8,866 
Model expense 
5,435,614 
7,759,652 
2,324,038 
Office supplies and expenses 
55,970 
67,164 
11,194 
Payroll services 
4,765 
5,718 
953 
Postage 
5,837 
5,837 
Printing 
235 
235 
Professional services 
51,225 
61,470 
10,245 
Rent 
486,585 
594,585 
108,000 
Repairs and maintenance 
84,587 
84,587 
Salaries and wages 
1,176,739 
1,271,593 
94,854 
Scouting 
42,380 
42,380 
Supplies 
40,342 
40,342 
Telephone 
123,749 
148,499 
24,750 
Travel 
353,408 
353,408 
Utilities 
163 
865 
702 
Total operating expenses 
8,295,415 
10,841,965 
2,546,550 
Net Profit/(Loss) 
$ 
(730.046) 
$ 
(41.965) 
$ 
688.081 
Attention is directed to independent accountants compilation report. 
EFTA00591026
--- PAGE 6 ---
Statement of Revenues and Expenses 
MC2 Model Management, LLC 
Income Tax Basis (Actual vs. Projected) - REVISED 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2008 
Revenues 
Actual 
Projected 
Variance 
Fees 
S 
8,798,289 
S 
12,960,000 
4,161,711 
Other income 
Total revenues 
8,798,289 
12,960,000 
4,161,711 
Operating expenses 
Advertising and public relations 
11,173 
22,346 
11,173 
Bank charges 
11,586 
13,903 
2,317 
Delivery and freight 
7,325 
8,790 
1,465 
Depreciation 
33,322 
33,322 
Dues and subscriptions 
4,535 
5,442 
907 
Insurance 
176,267 
214,513 
38,246 
Interest 
55,252 
(55,252) 
Licenses and taxes 
98,098 
119,383 
21,285 
Meals and entertainment 
27,864 
33,437 
5,573 
Model expense 
6,202,284 
9,136,049 
2,933,765 
Office supplies and expenses 
104,937 
125,924 
20,987 
Outside services 
15,690 
18,828 
3,138 
Payroll services 
6,212 
7,454 
1,242 
Postage 
5,944 
5,944 
Printing 
3,725 
3,725 
Professional services 
47,806 
57,367 
9,561 
Rent 
465,083 
573,083 
108,000 
Repairs and maintenance 
71,729 
71,729 
Salaries and wages 
1,144,236 
1,392,511 
248,275 
Scouting 
61,450 
61,450 
Supplies 
2,745 
2,745 
Telephone 
101,627 
121,952 
20,325 
Travel 
222,629 
222,629 
Utilities 
25,089 
915 
5,826 
Total operating expenses 
906 608 
12,283,443 
3,376,835 
Net Profit/(Loss) 
(108,319) 
676.557 
S 
784,876 
Attention is directed to independent accountants' compilation report. 
EFTA00591027
--- PAGE 7 ---
MC2 Model Management, LLC 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses - Income Tax Basis (Actual vs. Projected) - REVISED 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2009 
Actual 
Projected 
Variance 
Revenues 
Fees 
S 
6,720,406 
S 
15,552,000 
8,831,594 
Other income 
Total revenues 
6,720,406 
15,552,000 
8.831,594 
Operating expenses 
Advertising and public relations 
6,080 
12,160 
6,080 
Bank charges 
9,443 
11,332 
1,889 
Computer and interne' expenses 
10,099 
12,119 
2,020 
Depreciation 
18,553 
18,553 
Dues and subscriptions 
561 
673 
112 
Employee benefit programs 
80,857 
142,737 
61,880 
Insurance 
44,434 
44,434 
Interest 
26,709 
(26,709) 
Licenses and taxes 
71,072 
125,463 
54,391 
Meals and entertainment 
25,689 
30,827 
5,138 
Model expense 
4,910,718 
11,364,118 
6,453,400 
Office supplies and expenses 
131,895 
158,274 
26,379 
Outside services 
137,462 
164,954 
27,492 
Payroll services 
5,710 
6,852 
1,142 
Postage 
7,509 
7,509 
Printing 
2,821 
2,821 
Professional services 
33,745 
40,494 
6,749 
Rent 
355,777 
463,777 
108,000 
Repairs and maintenance 
55,362 
55,362 
Salaries and wages 
773,927 
1,366,213 
592,286 
Telephone 
61,692 
74,030 
12,338 
Travel 
203,310 
203,310 
Utilities 
129 
722 
4,593 
Total operating expenses 
6,988,554 
14,325,734 
7,337,180 
Net Proflt/(Luss) 
S 
(268,148) 
$ 
1,226,266 
S 
1,494,414 
Attention is directed to independent accountants' compilation report. 
EFTA00591028
--- PAGE 8 ---
MC2 Model Management, LLC 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses - Income Tax Basis (Actual vs. Projected) - REVISED 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2010 
Actual 
Projected 
Variance 
Revenues 
Fees 
S 
8,058,725 
S 18,662,400 
10,603,675 
Other income 
Total revenues 
8,058,725 
18,662,400 
10,603,675 
Operating expenses 
Advertising and public relations 
5,173 
10,346 
5,173 
Bank charges 
13,348 
16,018 
2,670 
Computer and interne( expenses 
48,666 
58,399 
9,733 
Depreciation 
11,800 
11,800 
-
Dues and subscriptions 
1,654 
1,985 
331 
Insurance 
85,135 
200,757 
115,622 
Interest 
27,690 
(27,690) 
Licenses and taxes 
60,685 
143,101 
82,416 
Meals and entertainment 
36,258 
43,510 
7,252 
Model expense 
5,691,493 
13,180,363 
7,488,870 
Office supplies and expenses 
92,381 
110,857 
18,476 
Outside services 
60,517 
72,620 
12,103 
Postage 
18,693 
18,693 
Printing 
7,362 
7,362 
-
Professional services 
109,775 
131,730 
21,955 
Rent 
235,987 
343,987 
108,000 
Repairs and maintenance 
67,557 
67,557 
-
Salaries and wages 
675,797 
1,593,598 
917,801 
Supplies 
35,256 
42,307 
7,051 
Telephone 
52,598 
63,118 
10,520 
Travel 
138,860 
138,860 
Utilities 
404 
39,946 
12,542 
Total operating expenses 
7,504,089 
16,296,913 
8,792,824 
Net Profitnoss) 
S 
554.636 
$ 
2,365,487 
$ 
1.8101.52.
Attention is directed to independent accountants' compilation report. 
EFTA00591029
--- PAGE 9 ---
MC2 Model Management, I.LC 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses - Income Tax Basis (Actual vs. Projected) - REVISED 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2011 
Actual 
Projected 
Variance 
Revenues 
Fees 
S 
8,955,483 
S 
22,394,880 
13,439,397 
Other income 
Total revenues 
8,955,483 
22,394,880 
13,439,397 
Operating expenses 
Advertising and public relations 
6,195 
12,390 
6,195 
Bank charges 
11,398 
13,678 
2,280 
Computer and internet expenses 
43,250 
51,900 
8,650 
Depreciation 
34,129 
34,129 
Dues and subscriptions 
17,424 
20,909 
3,485 
Insurance 
100,405 
215,601 
115,196 
Interest 
25,020 
(25,020) 
licenses and taxes 
75,460 
162,036 
86,576 
Meals and entertainment 
32,213 
38,656 
6,443 
Model expense 
6,446,023 
16,119,500 
9,673,477 
Office supplies and expenses 
52,153 
62,584 
10,431 
Outside services 
33,567 
40,280 
6,713 
Payroll services 
6,173 
7,408 
1,235 
Postage 
9,525 
9,525 
Printing 
8,166 
8,166 
Professional services 
84,869 
101,843 
16,974 
Rent 
239,286 
347,286 
108,000 
Repairs and maintenance 
63,627 
63,627 
Salaries and wages 
932,161 
2,001,642 
1,069,481 
Scouting 
173,372 
173,372 
Telephone 
55,883 
67,060 
11,177 
Travel 
99,307 
99,307 
Utilities 
727 
763 
036 
Total operating expenses 
8,556,333 
19,660,661 
11,104,328 
Net Protii/(Loss) 
$ 
399,150 
$ 
2.734,219 
$ 
2.335,069 
Attention is directed to independent accountants' compilation report 
EFTA00591030
--- PAGE 10 ---
MC2 Model Management, LLC 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses - Income Tax Basis (Actual vs. Projected) - REVISED 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2012 
Actual 
Projected 
Variance 
Revenues 
Fees 
S 
9,511,911 
S 
26,873,856 
17,361,945 
Other income 
Total revenues 
9,511,911 
26,873,856 
17,361,945 
Operating expenses 
Accounting 
43,782 
52,538 
8,756 
Advertising and public relations 
14,905 
29,810 
14,905 
Automobile 
4,122 
4,122 
Bank charges 
10,526 
12,631 
2,105 
Computer and Internet expenses 
65,143 
78,172 
13,029 
Delivery and freight 
4,163 
4,996 
833 
Depreciation 
2,063 
2,063 
Dues and subscriptions 
35,430 
42,516 
7,086 
Insurance 
104,442 
211,341 
106,899 
Interest 
18,016 
(18,016) 
Licenses and taxes 
89,593 
181,294 
91,701 
Meals and entertainment 
36,525 
43,830 
7,305 
Model expense 
6,194,705 
17,501,805 
11,307,100 
Mother agency expense 
56,533 
67,840 
11,307 
Moving 
2,086 
2,086 
Office supplies and expenses 
58,458 
70,150 
11,692 
Outside services 
83,208 
99,850 
16,642 
Payroll services 
6,207 
7,448 
1,241 
Postage 
34,363 
34,363 
Printing 
13,182 
13,182 
Professional services 
12,806 
15,367 
2,561 
Rent 
286,002 
394,002 
108,000 
Repairs and maintenance 
68,578 
68,578 
Salaries and wages 
1,021,527 
2,067,086 
1,045,559 
Scouting 
291,907 
291,907 
Software licenses and expenses 
8,298 
8,298 
Telephone 
51,113 
61,336 
10,223 
Travel 
66,363 
66,363 
Utilities 
11,228 
15,468 
4,240 
Total operating expenses 
8,695,274 
21,448,440 
12,753,166 
Net Prof1U(Loss) 
$ 
816,637 
S 
5A25,416 
$ 
4,608,779 
Attention is directed to independent accountants compilation report. 
EFTA00591031
--- PAGE 11 ---
MC2 Model Management, LLC 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses - Income Tax Basis (Actual vs. Projected) - REVISED 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Actual 
Projected 
Variance 
Revenues 
Fees 
S 
10,482,009 
S 
32,248,627 
21,766,618 
Other income 
Total revenues 
10,482,009 
32,248.627 
21,766,618 
Operating expenses 
Accounting 
134,977 
161,972 
26,995 
Advertising and public relations 
16,534 
33,068 
16,534 
Automobile 
2,908 
2,908 
-
Bank charges 
11,112 
13,334 
2,222 
Computer and intemet expenses 
63,934 
76,721 
12,787 
Credit card fees 
952 
952 
-
Delivery and freight 
14,576 
17,491 
2,915 
Depreciation 
16,161 
16,161 
-
Dues and subscriptions 
26,948 
32,338 
5,390 
Insurance 
113,716 
223,871 
110,155 
Interest 
21,679 
(21,679) 
Licenses and taxes 
91,085 
179,318 
88,233 
Meals and entertainment 
33,254 
39,905 
6,651 
Model expense 
7,353,787 
22,624,435 
15,270,648 
Mother agency expense 
219,763 
263,716 
43,953 
Moving expense 
925 
925 
-
Office supplies and expenses 
64,435 
77,322 
12,887 
Outside services 
42,328 
50,794 
8,466 
Payroll services 
12,015 
14,418 
2,403 
Postage 
8,663 
8,663 
-
Printing 
5,683 
5,683 
Professional services 
37,922 
45,506 
7,584 
Rent 
290,393 
398,393 
108,000 
Repairs and maintenance 
54,371 
54,371 
Salaries and wages 
1,113,581 
2,192,292 
1,078,711 
Scouting 
529,933 
529,933 
-
Software licenses and expenses 
15,767 
15,767 
Telephone 
43,013 
51,616 
8,603 
Travel 
58,168 
58,168 
Utilities 
681 
166 
2,485 
Total operating expenses 
10405,264 
199 206 
793,942 
Net Profit/(Loss) 
76,745 
$ 
5,049.421 
S 
4,972,676 
Attention is directed to independent accountants' compilation report 
EFTA00591032
--- PAGE 12 ---
MC2 Model Management, LLC 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses - Income Tax Basis (Actual vs. Projected) - REVISED 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2014 
Actual 
Projected 
Variance 
Revenues 
Fees 
$ 
10,732,989 
S 
38,698,352 
27,965,363 
Other income 
Total revenues 
10,732,989 
38,698,352 
27,965,363 
Operating expenses 
Accounting 
37,350 
44,820 
7,470 
Advertising and public relations 
10,343 
20,686 
10,343 
Automobile 
3,359 
3,359 
Bank charges 
12,463 
14,956 
2,493 
Computer and Internet expense 
73,644 
88,373 
14,729 
Delivery and freight 
3,904 
4,685 
781 
Depreciation 
15,716 
15,716 
Dues and subscriptions 
16,262 
19,514 
3,252 
Equipment rental 
154 
154 
Insurance 
141,517 
276,363 
134,846 
Interest 
23,260 
(23,260) 
Legal settlement 
5,829 
5,829 
Licenses and taxes 
99,322 
193,962 
94,640 
Meals and entertainment 
15,810 
18,972 
3,162 
Model expense 
7,419,919 
26,752,905 
19,332,986 
Mother agency expense 
209,994 
251,993 
41,999 
Office supplies and expenses 
40,814 
48,977 
8,163 
Outside services 
22,709 
27,251 
4,542 
Payroll services 
26,275 
31,530 
5,255 
Postage 
17,624 
17,624 
Printing 
2,998 
2,998 
Production expense 
197,262 
197,262 
Professional services 
73,314 
87,977 
14,663 
Rent 
303,881 
411,881 
108,000 
Repairs and maintenance 
52,419 
52,419 
Salaries and wages 
1,111,204 
2,170,023 
1,058,819 
Scouting 
474,192 
474,192 
Software licenses and expenses 
6,000 
6,000 
Telephone 
31,725 
38,070 
6,345 
Travel 
37,439 
37,439 
Utilities 
014 
995 
981 
Total operating expenses 
10,500,716 
31,334923 
20,834,207 
Net Profitaoss) 
S 
232.273 
S 
7,363.429 
S 
7.131.156 
Attention is directed to independent accountants' compilation report. 
EFTA00591033
--- PAGE 13 ---
MC2 Model Management, LLC 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses - Income Tax Basis (Actual vs. Projected) - REVISED 
For the Four Months Ended April 30, 2015 
Actual 
Projected 
Variance 
Revenues 
Fees 
$ 
2,807,633 
S 
15,479,341 
12,671,708 
Other income 
206,078 
(206,078) 
Total revenues 
3,013,711 
15,479,341 
12,465,630 
Operating expenses 
Accounting 
14,250 
17,100 
2,850 
Advertising and public relations 
8,001 
16,002 
8,001 
Bank charges 
2,144 
2,573 
429 
Computer and intemet expense 
25,602 
30,722 
5,120 
Delivery and freight 
611 
733 
122 
Depreciation 
Insurance 
41,832 
97,874 
56,042 
Interest 
- 
- 
Licenses and taxes 
34,393 
80,468 
46,075 
Meals and entertainment 
26,366 
31,639 
5,273 
Model expense 
1,917,914 
9,850,991 
7,933,077 
Mother agency expense 
132,773 
159,328 
26,555 
Office supplies and expenses 
70,088 
84,106 
14,018 
Outside services 
150 
180 
Payroll services 
10,921 
13,105 
2,184 
Postage 
3,507 
3,507 
Printing 
1,071 
1,071 
(0) 
Professional services 
24,467 
29,360 
4,893 
Rent 
68,075 
104,075 
36,000 
Repairs and maintenance 
27,572 
27,572 
-
Salaries and wages 
373,227 
873,227 
500,000 
Scouting 
98,783 
98,783 
(0) 
Software licenses and expenses 
1,223 
1,223 
Telephone 
6,834 
8,201 
1,367 
Travel 
18,719 
18,719 
Utilities 
615 
11,642 
027 
Total operating expenses 
2,916,137 
11,562,201 
8,646.064 
Net Profit/(Lom) 
$ 
97.574 
S 
3,917,140 
$ 
3.819,566 
Attention is directed to independent accountants' compilation report. 
EFTA00591034

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591035.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591035.pdf
----------------------------------------
Trustees 
BLACK FAMILY ENTITIES 
(In millions) 
Entmes 
Holdings 
U.S. Trust 
(Delawana) as 
administreer* trustee 
BC 
DB 
JH 
Bleek 2011 Famdy Trusts 
BES 2011 Trust 
JMB 2011 Trust 
ASS 2011 Trust 
VRB 2011 Trust 
Bleek 2011 Famlly Trusts 
Cash 
Notes ree. (AP01) • 
LDB 2014 LLC 
Noles pay. (LEO .2011 LLC) 
Total Vake: 
174 
(9) 
249 
LDB 2014 LLC 
Cash 
BFP LP (7.2%) 
Private equty 
151 
LDB 2014 
LLC 
APO Agreement 
BC 
RR 
1.082011 
LBF Hok:fans 
LLC 
LLC 
Maa 
AP02 
Declaraten 
123% 
DB
Bleek Fan* 1997 
GST Dempt 
Trust 
etorkeeitt Seint Mi' Salafti • *2.~ sh" «pilo d APO 
APC80 Operating Group 
AP01 Agreement 
Cash 
Ncw ree. (LDB) 
Note ree. (Ben) 
Piletshig Eety & Ree." 
1.1313 2011 LLC 
LBF HId9S LLC 
Art 
Remainder Interest in 
Tovinhiguse 
Intra-Famiar Debt go« 
$ 
1,676 
120 
168 
Noln Par. (2011 TO • 
(82) 
Ofhet gabitHs 
• 
Total Vake: 
2057 
LDB 2011 LLC 
Cash 
NORM ree. (2011 Tr) 
Notes ree. (1.1)B) 
Harkend» Secunties 
Pvi. Eq. (4080) 
P.4. Eq. (non Apollo) 
An 
$ 
Black Famlly Partners LP 
Cash 
Rodemption fecaal*, 
Heriage ree. 
Marketable Beetnam 
BRH Hoi:ergs LP 
TRA (Controgent rec.)• 
Invesonent RUWS 
neee Investments 
FM. Eg. (non-Apollo) 
Total Vake: 
LBF Holdings LLC 
Cash 
Note ree. (AP02) 
Asten lav Corp. 
Apollo Credit Opp. 
Leon D. Maak 
999 Lae 
Insurance Trust 42 
APO2 Deolaration (es OST Tr) 
Cash 
$ 
Buckingham RAF 
Private «lady 
investment Mrsps 
1,593 
BFP LP (12.5%) 
264 
257 
Art 
358 
Real estate 
105 
(OR( & SH Meedoe) 
Publishing Eqty & Ree.' 
Otter Assets 
2.101 
Intra-Fantely reed OM 
(17) 
Nota 
(79) 
pat (LBF) 
Oen,  medees 
Total Value: 
624 
Dein and Leon 
D. Bleek 
Insurance Trust 
(1992) 
Bleek Family 1997 GST 
Exempt Trust 
cash 
Regeling EØ& Rec.' 
Infra-Fan* CS: (pub!) 
$ 
11) 
Total Valt 
$ 
I 
Bene! ".,ranes 
~ante Inrit la eeg) chad 
mandaIo 
home to motrad after a9025 and discreecn to 
Sneb wet sala Osloener descendant. Mirl 
ekieleWn tO dieribtAs imams and pmoriat 
Single Vuil Veto Debra and all descendant von 
discreden to 6slabrie imorne end prima:iet Bedam» 
ambo» ~Ho 
me edd al any tm 
Trustees have discreeen to creatie separate 
«hal bugs lor wieg mieren On dean or Loon and 
Hoen Mist.; lor dososndants. 
Dan. 
Deer. and Leon D. Black 
Insurance Trust (1992) 
Slo Handt 
510 Hartford 
Leon D. Bleek 1999 
Lift Insurance Truet 42 
$100 insurance on 
LEVD8 (2nd to Die) 
Cash Sun. Vake 
Singe UW VOPO Debra and aldescendant vr h 
Oscretion to *satan income and schalmt /deer 
~in ol Leon and Data. Separate Cleane thuis 
ier descendant.. 
Sago tom Wo descendant hen Menton to 
damhert ineome and Onhatar alter deal. dl leen 
and Daal sep.vase wurm trest lar onccodams. 
Leon & Deer* Bleek (onsol) 
Cash 
Mars ree. 
988 
Harketable Secunties 
BFP LP (8.0%) 
589 
BFP LP held by GRATS (52.3%) 
113 
Apollo Mvestments 
FM. Eq. (non Ape60) 
Art 
2.202 
Real %late 
128 
Jearelry 
Boet 
HeuSehOld Pragetly 
~ce 
~am 
Puelisting Eety & Ree.' 
Personal Propeny 
Autos 
OM& leme 
Hole pay. (APO?) 
(1,678) 
Loan (Art) 
(565) 
Laan (Bord) 
(17) 
Lost (Pene) 
(20) 
Laan (LOEI 2011) 
(3) 
Cefher pet 
(6) 
Total Value: 5 
2,039 
Total Entlty Value 
$ 
4.970 
• Valtastion per Empire 
As of September 30, 2015 
EFTA00591035
--- PAGE 2 ---
TRUSTS WITH FAMILY MEMBER TRUSTEES 
(in millions) 
Trustees 
Entities 
Holdings 
Beneficiaries 
U.S. Trust 
(Delaware) as 
adnankstratrve trustee 
DB 
as trust 
allvist 
LDB 
Eletamin Black 2010 Trust 
onald:date 
House LLC 
Benjamin Black 2010 Trust 
Cash 
Donalbane LLC 
0.4 
12.5 
Total Vake: 
12.9 
Real 
Total Value: 
Read E5100 
0.1 
Donalbane House LLC 
12.4 
12.5 
Benjamin Black during lis lifetime. 
After Ben's dia ~rato 
tretime trusts for Ns descendant 
Total Trust Value 
Joshua Max Stack 2011 Trust 
Joshua Max Black 2011 
Trust 
Cash 
5.7 
Total Value: 
5.7 
Joshua Black dunne his Metime. 
After Joan dealt,. separate 
Itletime trusts for his 
descendant-5. 
44.5 
RR 
DB 
LDB 
Maltry Trust 
Mallory Trust 
Tron Tron 
Gandall Trust 
LDB 
RolloTornasi Trust 
Yggdrasll Trui 
Gandalf Trust 
OCC1 LLC 
Rollo Tonaal Trust 
Tron Trust 
Yggdrasil Trust 
Cash 
4.1 
Cash 
DDC1. LLC 
2.6 
2.8 
Cash 
DOOI. LLC 
2.6 
2.8 
Cash 
DOOI, LLC 
2.7 
Cash 
DDCI, LLC 
2.7 
2.8 
Total 
4.1 
Total Value: 
5.4 
Total Value: 
SA 
Total Valua 
5.5 
Total Value: 
5.5 
Single Iaat for Debra's descendants and Leon. 
After dealt, cd Debat and Leen. separate 
lifetime trusts for Debra's descendant 
Sine» trust lor Alex's descendant!, 
and Data Alter Ale a's dealt 
separate Mekt* trusts lor his 
descendant 
DDC1 LLC 
Cash 
Rare Bodis 
Total va»: 
Single trust lor Victona's 
esseenciants and Metra. After 
Victories Mam. septime Wetens 
mee lor her descendant 
As of September 30, 2015 
Single trust lei Josh's desoendants 
and Data AherJosh's deal. 
separate Idetiene bV24$ lor his 
descendant.. 
Single trust for Boris 
descendants and Cobra. Aller 
Bens deal, separate Bebrild 
trusts lor hts descendant.. 
EFTA00591036

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591037.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591037.pdf
----------------------------------------
The current environment may present an attractive opportunity 
for value investing 
Over the long runt, value stocks have outperformed growth stocks... 
700 
9.00% -
8.56% 
600 
• Russell 1000 Value Index 
8.50% -
500 
8.00% -
• Russell 1000 Growth Index 
400 
7.49% 
300 
7.50% -
200 
7.00% -
100 
6.50% 
Annualized Total Return 
(10/1/1995 - 9/30/2015) 
Russell 1000 Value Index 2
—Russell 1000 Growth Index 2
A2,
141/17,
4\cPielnoe 
fell
eseestf44564:0>b
...however, the recent market correction 
...and growth valuations have expanded, 
has effected value more than growth... 
while value has remained relatively flat. 
135 
130 
125 
120 
115 
110 
105 
100 ee e 
^a
24. 
Nt• 
.„tb. 
0.
t,<" 
tS 6) 
OP 
P 
01,O 
z5)% 
OHO 
4:* 
.0 
(O 
C tser 
t•\÷. 
4.9. 9" 
—Russell 1000 Value Index 3
Russell 1000 Growth Index 3
Source: Bloomberg LP 
1.20 years ending 9/30/2015 
2. Total return for Indices from 10/1/1995 — 9/30/2015 (Norrnaized to 100 al10/1/1995) 
25.00 
21.78 
20.00 
15.00 
10.00 
5.00 - 
0.00  
16.71 
14.34 ; 
14.90 
20.24 
15.94 
October 2010 
October 2014 
October 2015 
•Russell 1000 Value Index PE Ratio 4 •Russell 1000 Growth Index PE Ratio 4
3. Total return for indices from 10/14/15 to 10/13/15 (Normalized to 100 at 10/14/15) 
4. Bloomberg values for PE Ratios on 10/13/2010, 10/13/2014, and 10/13/2014 
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
EFTA00591037
--- PAGE 2 ---
Important Information 
This document has been prepared for informational purposes only and is not an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell any security. or a 
recommendation to enter into any transaction relating to the products and services described herein. Before entering into any transaction. you should 
take steps to ensure that you understand and have made an independent assessment of the appropriateness of the transaction in light of your own 
particular financial, legal and tax situation, investment objectives and level of risk tolerance, and you should consult your legal and tax advisers to 
determine how these products and/or services may affect you. Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. Investing in financial 
markets involves a substantial degree of risk. There can be no assurance that the investment objectives described herein will be achieved. 
Investment losses may occur, and investors could lose some or all of their investment. Although this document has been carefully prepared and is 
based on information from sources believed to be reliable, no representation is made that it is accurate and complete. We have no obligation to 
update or amend the information provided herein, and information is subject to change without notice. The past performance of a product or service 
does not guarantee or predict its future performance. The price or value of investments to which this commentary relates, directly or indirectly, may 
rise or fall. Unless you are notified to the contrary, any products and services mentioned are not guaranteed by the FDIC (or by any governmental 
entity) and are not guaranteed by or obligations of Deutsche Bank. 
This document contains "forward-looking statements"- that is, statements related to future, not past, events. In this context, forward-looking 
statements often address expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as 'expect," "anticipate," "intend," 
'plan; "believe," 'seek," or "will." Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain. Particular 
uncertainties that could adversely or positively affect future results include: the behavior of financial markets, including fluctuations in interest and 
exchange rates, commodity and equity prices and the value of financial assets; continued volatility and further deterioration of the capital markets; 
the commercial and consumer credit environment; the impact of regulation and regulatory, investigative and legal actions; strategic actions, including 
acquisitions and dispositions; future integration of acquired businesses; future financial performance of major industries; and numerous other matters 
of national, regional and global scale, including those of a political, economic, business and competitive nature. These uncertainties may cause 
actual future results to be materially different than those expressed in our forward-looking statements. 
The information on the benchmarks is presented for illustrative purposes only and is not intended to imply the potential performance of any fund or 
investment. Benchmarks are not available for direct investment. Benchmark performance assumes the reinvestment of all distributions, but does 
not assume any transaction costs, taxes, management fees or other expenses. The performance of the benchmarks may vary from investments 
held in an account. 
Investing in financial markets involves a substantial degree of risk. There can be no assurance that the investor will achieve positive results. 
Investment losses may occur, and investors could lose some or all of their investment. No guarantee or representation is made that any investment 
idea, including, without limitation, the investment objective, diversification strategy, or risk monitoring goal, will be successful, and investment results 
may vary substantially over time. Investment losses may occur from time to time. Nothing herein is intended to imply that an investment may be 
considered "conservative", "safe", "risk free" or "risk averse". Economic, market, and other conditions could also cause the investments to alter their 
investment objectives, guidelines, and restrictions. 
'Deutsche Bank" means Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliated companies. Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management represents the asset management 
and wealth management activities conducted by Deutsche Bank AG or its subsidiaries. Clients are provided Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
products or services by one or more legal entities that are identified to clients pursuant to the contracts, agreements, offering materials or other 
documentation relevant to such products or services. Securities are offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., a broker-dealer and registered 
investment adviser, which conducts investment banking and securities activities in the United States. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. is a member of 
FINRA, NYSE and SIPC. O2015 Deutsche Bank AG. All rights reserved. 022266 101615 
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
EFTA00591038

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591039.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591039.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. TRUST e' 
Bank a Arne-Ka Pt Nate Weal'.h Management 
P.O. Box 15284 
Wilmington. DE 19850 
APO 1 GRAT 
JOHN ) HANNAN. BARRY ) COHEN. 
RICHARD J RESSLER. TRUSTEES 
C/O ELYSIUM MANAGEMENT 
Your Premium Adv Tiered Interest Chkg 
for September 1, 2014 to September 30, 2014 
Account number: 
APO 1 GRAT 
JOHN J HANNAN, BARRY J COHEN, 
Account summary 
RICHARD J RESSLER, TRUSTEES 
Beginning balance on September 1.2014 
$89,523.89 
Deposits and other additions 
11,687,791.02 
ATM and debit card subtractions 
-0.00 
Other subtractions 
-0.00 
Checks 
-0.00 
Service fees 
-0.00 
Ending balance on September 30, 2014 
$11,777,314.91 
li 
Client service information 
1.800.U.S.TRUST (1.800.878.7878) 
TDD/TTY users only: 1.800.288.4408 
En EspaDol: 1.800.688.6086 
bankofamerica.com 
Bank of America. N.A. 
P.O. Box 25118 
Tampa, FL 33622-5118 
RECONCILED 
Annual Percentage Yield Earned this statement period: 0.07%. 
Interest Paid Year To Date: 58,331.91. 
AAL: E CYCLE: 24 SPEC 0 CCLIVERY: P TYPE: 
IMAGE: A DC: NY 
Page 1 of 4 
EFTA00591039
--- PAGE 2 ---
APO 1 GRAT I Account i
September 1,2014 to September 30, 2014 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION: 
BANK DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS 
Change of address - Please call us at the telephone number listed on the front of this statement to tell us about a change of 
address. 
Deposit agreement - When you opened your account, you received a deposit agreement and fee schedule and agreed that your 
account would be governed by the terms of these documents, as we may amend them from time to time. These documents are 
part of the contract for your deposit account and govem all transactions relating to your account, including all deposits and 
withdrawals. Copies of both the deposit agreement and fee schedule which contain the current version of the terms and 
conditions of your account relationship may be obtained at our banking centers. 
Electronic transfers: In case of errors or questions about your electronic transfers- If you think your statement or receipt is 
wrong or you need more information about an electronic transfer (e.g., ATM transactions, direct deposits or withdrawals, 
point-of-sale transactions) on the statement or receipt, telephone or write us at the address and number listed on the front of 
this statement as soon as you can. We must hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent you the FIRST statement on 
which the error or problem appeared. 
- 
Tell us your name and account number. 
- 
Describe the error or transfer you are unsure about, and explain as clearly as you can why you believe there is an error or 
why you need more information. 
- 
Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error. 
For consumer accounts used primarily for personal, family or household purposes, we will investigate your complaint and will 
correct any error promptly. If we take more than 10 business days (10 calendar days if you are a Massachusetts client) (20 
business days if you are a new client, for electronic transfers occurring during the first 30 days after the first deposit is made to 
your account) to do this, we will credit your account for the amount you think is in error, so that you will have use of the money 
during the time it will take to complete our investigation. 
For other accounts, we investigate, and if we find we have made an error, we credit your account at the conclusion of our 
investigation. 
Reporting other problems - You must examine your statement carefully and promptly. You are in the best position to discover 
errors and unauthorized transactions on your account. If you fail to notify us in writing of suspected problems or an 
unauthorized transaction within the time period specified in the deposit agreement (which periods are no more than 60 days 
after we make the statement available to you and in some cases are 30 days or less), we are not liable to you for, and you agree 
to not make a claim against us for the problems or unauthorized transactions. 
Direct deposits - If you have arranged to have direct deposits made to your account at least once every 60 days from the same 
person or company, you may call us at the telephone number listed on the front of this statement to find out if the deposit was 
made as scheduled. You may also review your activity online or visit a banking center for information. 
Banking products are provided by Bank of America, NA, and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of 
Bank of America Corporation. 
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through Bank of America, NA and other subsidiaries of Bank 
of America Corporation. 
2013 Bank of America Corporation 
Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC and Cr 
Equal Housing Lender 
Page 2 of 4 
EFTA00591040
--- PAGE 3 ---
U.S. TRUST e 
Sara C Arne, sa Pr hats Hearth ManaF
APO 1 GRAT I Account 
September 1, 2014 to September 30, 2014 
Your checking account 
Important disclosure information listed on the 'Important Information for Bank Deposit Accounts' page 
Deposits and other additions 
Date 
Description 
Amount 
09/02/14 
Agent Assisted Transfer From Chk 0135 Confirmations 1869130254 
11.687.136.00 
09/30/14 
Interest Earned 
655.02 
Total deposits and other additions 
$11,687,791.02 
ve 
To help you BALANCE YOUR CHECKING ACCOUNT, visit bankofamerica.com/statementbalance or the Statements and Documents tab 
in Online Banking for a printable version of the How to Balance Your Account Worksheet 
Page 3 of 4 
EFTA00591041
--- PAGE 4 ---
APO 1 GRAT I Account 
I September 1, 2014 to September 30, 2014 
This page intentionally left blank 
Page 4 of 4 
EFTA00591042

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591043.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591043.pdf
----------------------------------------
US TRUST 
PAYMENTS TO SUBLIME ART LLC 
Account 
DATE 
VENDOR 
ACCOUNT 
AMOUNT 
ARTIST 
0945 
1/15/15 
SUBLIME ART FINE ART 
131,085.50 Oakes 
3840 
1/15/15 
SUBLIME ART ART - ADVISORY 
25,000.00 
3840 
2/13/15 
SUBLIME ART ART - ADVISORY 
25,000.00 
3840 
3/16/15 
SUBLIME ART ART - ADVISORY 
25,000.00 
3840 
4/14/15 
SUBLIME ART ART - ADVISORY 
25,000.00 
3840 
5/15/15 
SUBLIME ART ART - ADVISORY 
25,000.00 
3840 
6/12/15 
SUBLIME ART ART - ADVISORY 
25,000.00 
3840 
3/11/2014 
SUBLIME ART FINE ART 
248,126.13 Longo/ Sherman 
3840 
5/1/2014 
SUBLIME ART ART - ADVISORY 
25,000.00 
3840 
6/2/2014 
SUBLIME ART ART - ADVISORY 
25,000.00 
3840 
7/2/2014 
SUBLIME ART ART - OTHER 
14,012.77 
3840 
7/2/2014 
SUBLIME ART ART - OTHER 
14,012.77 
3840 
7/2/2014 
SUBLIME ART ART - ADVISORY 
25,000.00 
3840 
8/1/2014 
SUBLIME ART ART - ADVISORY 
25,000.00 
3840 
9/3/2014 
SUBLIME ART ART - ADVISORY 
25,000.00 
3840 
10/2/2014 
SUBLIME ART ART - ADVISORY 
25,000.00 
3840 
11/6/2014 
SUBLIME ART ART - ADVISORY 
25,000.00 
3840 
12/2/2014 
SUBLIME ART ART - ADVISORY 
25,000.00 
3840 
12/2/2014 
SUBLIME ART FINE ART 
87,100.00 Oakes 
EFTA00591043

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591044.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591044.pdf
----------------------------------------
tedieace 
Invoice 
To: 
APO2 Trust 
do Barry Cohen, Trustee 
Elysium Management 
445 Park Ave. NY. NY 
10022 U.S.A. 
Date: JULY 18 2014 Ship via: Moebeltrans. 
Ship to: 
Held by temporary import customs 
bond with: Dietl International. 
Warehoused at Day&Meyer, New 
York City. 
Release by: Dietl 
Invoice No. 262014 
Item Description 
Price 
Rene Magritte (1898-1967) 
Le bain de cristal ll, (The cut-glass bath) 
1949 
Gouache on paper 
46cm x 36cm 
Signed bottom right 'Magritte' 
Titled a verso "Le Bain de Cristal" René Magritte 1949 
David Sylvester, Rene Magritte, Catalogue Raisonné, Vol. IV, 
No. 1312a, page 132. 
The work is a genuine and original art work by the 
aforementioned artist and sold 'as is'/ 'where is', free of 
claims, liens and encumbrances. 
Transfer of title will occur when payment has been received 
in full. Release of work is reliant on forwarder clearing 
customs temporary bond status, which may occur with a 
delay due to US Customs regulations. 
Please remit payment by wire transfer in USD (only) to: 
Bank HSBC Plc. — U.K. 
Account name: STERNARTS LTD 
Sort Code: 400515 
Account number! Foreign Currency Account: 71126720 
BIC/SWIFT: MIDLGB22 
IBAN: GB79MIDL40051571128720 
$ 1.600.000.00.-
Total $ 1.600.000.00.-
SternArts Ltd. - 98 Eaton Place - #1 - London • SW1X 8LW - United Kingdom • wwwsternarts.com 
Company No.7482001 - VAT No. 108 3344 36 
Bank • HSBC Plc. • Hanover Square-WI • London - BSC 40.03.22 -Account No. 91463128 
EFTA00591044

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591045.pdf
----------------------------------------
915 BROADWAY. SUITE 1101 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 10010 
ANDREW@VALAR.COM 
JAMES@VALAR.COM 
VALAR 
VENTURES 
VALAR VENTURES IS AN INTERNATIONALLY-FOCUSED VENTURE CAPITAL FIRM 
fin OWNMet IS COMOfnb.Y.IMl 54041. and 00ICOF !UMW CIMINICA Alst DMtlm3M,I41Ny.1gnlM M MuNIMLItl. Mato NKr mite nivil pipits 44060n31 Alta lift 101006/01M414 alseamors. This donamm d Wont .1110.141 YW6 MC 40&(01W bIJ SOIL Mid Of a SMC[YOOI011uf.SC9 a hold atqmmitios. 
Mom had la iN Mau Pilcomat Mimaanada W Its tom 01 an/ relabordelp wanialat V4MureLltinKNOMAILLC CValanifa 
4IM4CM. 
EFTA00591045
--- PAGE 2 ---
INTRODUCTION 
VALAR HIGHLIGHTS 
INCEPTION - 2010 
TOTAL INVESTED - $78.0 mil 
TOTAL GROSS & NET VALUES 
$271.2 mil / $223.0 mil 
GROSS & NET MULTIPLES 
3.5x / 2.9x 
GROSS & NET IRRs 
120% / 98% 
As by
 pmerte0 arc uwAnt0 eitinetes tn1)50 es t. 
6430/2011. Mel 03unn My) cakaatod try Neap 'ots 
Pt.:Abby a 801 25% tOnt/POthebtai n$.16.1ettntet tee. 
memos <r0 ten 
VALAR, A GLOBAL VENTURE CAPITAL MANAGER, HAS ACHIEVED 
EXTRAORDINARY RETURNS FOR ITS CLIENTS, TRIPLING ASSETS IN 
JUST OVER THREE YEARS AND VASTLY OUTPERFORMING INDUSTRY 
BENCHMARKS. 
VALAR VENTURES 
Since 2010, the value of client assets has risen from US 
$78 million to $271 million, for gross multiples and IRR of 
120% and 3.5x; net multiples and IRR are 2.9x and 98%. 
Valar is managed by Andrew McCormack and James 
Fitzgerald; Peter Thiel, one of Silicon Valley's most 
successful venture capitalists, serves as the firm's advisor 
and chairman. 
The firm is launching its first institutional fund, which will 
deploy up to $150 million during 2015-2019, its primary 
investing phase. 
NET MULTIPLE 
NET IRR 
VALAR 
2.9x 
98.4 % 
CAMBRIDGE US VC INDEX 
1.7x 
31.3% 
CAMBRIDGE GLOBAL EX-US 
1.1x 
5.5 % 
DEVELOPED MARKET VC/PE INDEX 
CAMBRIDGE GLOBAL EMERGING 
1.0x 
01% 
MARKETS VC/PE INDEX 
S&P 500 
1.6x 
10.5 % 
Wireatcf iniente0 bVS se es ce 6/50/201s Vete mide es nrs1 mestment on 10/21/2010 amuse twat Cern. 
Oncipt dote is not nude erttUble for seven. tenths Siff the and of 'UMS VOW KM MUMS the awns meat 
MY dace /WSW* ner vlef.aa0 2010 ruACIU ii thOQQM 01 US W. Cant 'da It as 010/31/2011w4n the NN 01 
ex-VS denim:et, encl men,n9 asnattf aVVC. Centa:ge 0,4 nes l 9/30/]OIS timbers veserteel tor the SW 
300 we tor the venal mama (MI tracery Osy ce 2010) 6/30/2014 Net neve, ice We er0 lox S&P S00 etre 
(*MAWS by N0ufw10 pan paltt LI a 2011S% Is. topanhaUtal rnatalaallita NN. Oxtail:tat ale caw, Al 00Ws 
pmente0 ere n USD Vihrs Ivan re uleuditt0 estendes ccorpecesne es rolled end invented suns/knees 
Scon:es. Centedee Amore% Deer Arum: Sten03.0 & Pan end Ws 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 2 
EFTA00591046
--- PAGE 3 ---
INTRODUCTION / TEAM 
ANDREW AND JAMES FOUNDED VALAR IN LATE 2010 TO PARTNER 
WITH THE BEST ENTREPRENEURS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
The team brings extraordinary operational, deal-sourcing, and reputational assets to its investing activities. 
kor ContaAzul 
Canopy Labs 
TransferWise 
Omplica. orra granify 
4t
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 3 
EFTA00591047
--- PAGE 4 ---
INTRODUCTION / TEAM 
ANDREW 
McCORMACK 
PARTNER 
Andrew McCormack Andrew is a founding Partner at Valar Ventures. 
Andrew's career in technology has included business and corporate 
development roles at eCount (acquired by Citicorp) and Yahoo!. He joined 
PayPal in 2001, where he worked closely with Peter in preparing for the 
company's IPO. After PayPal's sale to eBay, Andrew helped launch Clarium 
Capital and later founded a restaurant group in San Francisco. 
In 2008, Andrew rejoined Peter at Thiel Capital, where he led various 
international initiatives for Thiel Capital and Peter personally. Andrew 
received his B.A. in Political Science from the University of Pennsylvania. 
JAMES 
FITZGERALD 
PARTNER 
James Fitzgerald James is a founding Partner at Valar Ventures. Prior 
to Valar, he was COO and General Counsel of Peter Thiel's global parent 
company, Thiel Capital, where he helped manage Peter's extensive network 
of investments and businesses. In that capacity, he worked closely with the 
Founders Fund, Mithril, and Clarium. 
Prior to joining Thiel Capital, James practiced law for seven years in the New 
York office of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP. He received his J.D. 
from the University of California, Los Angeles and his undergraduate degree 
from Brigham Young University. 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 4 
EFTA00591048
--- PAGE 5 ---
INTRODUCTION / TEAM 
E
PETER THIEL 
CHAIRMAN 
Peter Thiel is a founding Partner and the Chairman of Valar. As a technology 
entrepreneur, investor, and philanthropist, he first gained attention for 
innovations in banking and startup finance. Today he is known as the mentor 
of the PayPal network of entrepreneurs. He works to accelerate innovation 
by identifying and funding promising technology ideas and by guiding 
successful companies to scale and dominate their industries. 
In 1998, Peter made e-commerce easier, faster, and more secure by co-
founding and leading PayPal. In 2002, he sold PayPal to eBay and founded 
a global macro fund, Clarium. In 2004, he co-founded Palantir Technologies, 
which offers platforms for finance companies and intelligence, defense, 
and law enforcement communities to integrate, visualize, and analyze the 
world's information. In the same year, he made the first outside investment 
in Facebook. 
In 2005, he co-founded Founders Fund, a leading Silicon Valley venture 
capital fund that has pioneered new methods of venture financing that benefit 
founders. Through Founders Fund, as well as through his private investing, 
Peter has helped build the next generation of tech companies. 
Peter earned a B.A. in philosophy from Stanford University and a J.D. from 
Stanford Law School, where he occasionally teaches on globalization and 
technology and serves on the board of overseers of the Hoover Institution. 
His articles have appeared in Policy Review and the Wall Street Journal. He 
lives in San Francisco. 
As Chairman of Valar Ventures, Peter provides strategic advice and mentoring 
to Valar and its portfolio companies. 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET OS 
EFTA00591049
--- PAGE 6 ---
VALAR ADVANTAGES / EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
VALAR IS DIFFERENTIATED BY SEVERAL DISTINCT 
ADVANTAGES: 
TRACK RECORD: Valar's managers have 
shown exceptional investing acumen. 
Returns are at the top of class. with a net 
multiple and net IRR of 2.9x and 98.4%. 
respectively. 
THESIS & MARKET: Persistent inefficien-
cies in venture markets outside the US 
provide compelling opportunities 
for 
future returns. 
Net Ivies ve es oi (.150/20U aM eve min:kilned en win," gross Flails 
Dv 01412Y6 for 
mre9ernern hes. moms end cloy 
TEAM: Valar's team has a successful and 
long record of working together to find and 
oversee investments. 
REPUTATION: In addition to an outstand-
ing track record and strong credibility with 
portfolio companies, the team is advised 
by Peter Thiel. consistently named one of 
the most influential venture capitalists in 
the world. 
ACCESS: Valar has access to deals at 
propitious moments - when local VCs have 
moderately de-risked the company but 
before scale makes the investment obvious 
to large, less price-sensitive investors. 
We believe these characteristics serve as 
a solid foundation for outperformance in 
Valar's new fund. 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 06 
EFTA00591050
--- PAGE 7 ---
VALAR ADVANTAGES / THESIS 
GLOBAL VENTURE CAPITAL IS HIGHLY INEFFICIENT 
COMPELLING OPPORTUNITIES 
While the abundance of capital in Silicon 
Valley has compressed returns for all but 
the best venture firms (most of which 
are closed to new investors). start-
ups outside Silicon Valley have much 
more limited access to both capital 
and experienced start-up investors. 
This creates compelling, well-priced 
opportunities for Valar. 
GLOBAL VENTURE FUNDING — NON-US STARTUPS ARE RELATIVELY UNDER FUNDED 
$50 
$40 
I $30 
O 
SD
f; $20 
$10 
$0 
• 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
Son Dow lonts.tils' constitutes the hoe ;melt vtoture nortelsocbde Ve US. .1W% revesert the sibtaalsOmaionty of El veMee funlyg made On VS. 
- EX-US 
IN - US 
2012 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
CONFIDENTIAL Si TRADE SECRET 07 
EFTA00591051
--- PAGE 8 ---
VALAR ADVANTAGES / THESIS 
VALAR BELIEVES THAT THESE INEFFICIENCIES WILL PERSIST, 
EVEN AS US FIRMS EXPAND OVERSEAS, A PHENOMENON EMBODIED 
IN THE LACKLUSTER RETURNS OF US VCs OPERATING OVERSEAS. 
I. Local entrepreneurs perceive satellite 
II. The best Silicon Valley VCs generally 
III. This creates opportunities for Valar. 
offices as merely regional players without 
do not travel outside the US - they have 
which has deep links to Silicon Valley. 
access to the marquee talents of the flag- 
sufficient deal flow at home and have 
strong access to capital, and an explicit 
ship office and disfavor them for deals. 
partnership and family dynamics that 
mandate to invest overseas. 
make frequent travel difficult. 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET OS 
EFTA00591052
--- PAGE 9 ---
VALAR ADVANTAGES / A GROWING GLOBAL NETWORK 
• • • 
• • • 
• 
• • 
•  
•••• 
••••e• ••• 
A. PayPal network develops in San Francisco. 
James joins Andrew at Thiel Capital in 2008: 
the two begin working on special investment 
opportunities for Peter. 
B. Team diligences investments in New Zealand, 
leading to an investment in Xero and an eventual 
partnership with NZ government. 
• • • 
• 
• • 
• 
• • • 
• 
• • • 
• • 
• 
•••• •t.• 
••••n 
•••-r • 
;
• 
• • • • 
• • • 
• • • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• • • 
• • • • 
• 
• • 
• • 
• 
• 
• • 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• • • 
• 
• • • • 
OOOOOOOOOOO 
• • • • 
• 
• • 
• • 
• 
• • 
• 
• • • 
• • 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• • • • 
• • • • 
• • • • sap • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• • 
• • nab • 
• • • 
• • 
• 
• -c) 
• 
C. Team expands Australasian presence. making 
two investments in Australia and establishing 
their network there. 
D. Oppa's founder. aware of the growing 
reputation of the Thiel team, meets with Valar 
as it begins exploring opportunities in Brazil. 
The firm invests and its relationship with Oppa 
and its syndicate produce three additional 
investments in Brazil. 
E. Introductions from colleagues and contacts 
lead to investments in Toronto, establishing the 
beginnings of a Canadian network. 
F. Max Levchin, co-founder and COO of PayPal 
and a former colleague of Andrew's, introduces 
the team to Transferwise, establishing Valar's 
first presence in Europe. 
G. Valar establishes its own offices in New York 
to better manage international operations. 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 09 
EFTA00591053
--- PAGE 10 ---
VALAR ADVANTAGES / PORTFOLIO PHILOSOPHY 
THE FIRM IS FOUNDER FRIENDLY AND EMPHASIZES LONG-TERM VALUE 
CREATION: IT ENCOURAGES FOUNDERS TO RESIST SHORT-TERM FINANCIAL 
PRESSURES IN FAVOR OF MAXIMIZING LONG-TERM (BUT LIQUID) VALUE. 
The firm generally enters after a local partner has partially de-risked the 
investment but before standard metrics make the company an obviously 
good investment to purely financial investors. 
The firm prefers to lead initial investments of US $3-10 million. 
The firm does not believe board seats are inherently valuable, preferring to 
secure rights via observation and its financing documents. 
4t
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET IO 
EFTA00591054
--- PAGE 11 ---
VALAR ADVANTAGES / INVESTMENT PROCESS 
DEAL SOURCING 
Andrew and James have sourced all of 
Valar's deals and will continue to find new 
companies and manage the portfolio. Peter 
provides advice to the firm and its portfolio 
companies. 
Valar intends to run a concentrated portfolio 
of 7-10 significant investments in each fund, 
aggressively following on in its winners. 
DILIGENCE 
U.
INVESTMENT 
DECISION 
Investment decisions must be unanimous 
between James and Drew: Peter provides 
advice and counsel prior to and following 
the investment decision. 
ADVICE & MENTORING 
r.-
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 11 
EFTA00591055
--- PAGE 12 ---
PORTFOLIO / XERO 
XERO - ACCOUNTING SOFTWARE AS A SERVICE FOR SMALL BUSINESS 
AMOUNT INVESTED: $3.0 mil 
VALUE AT 6/30/2014. 561.2 mil 
GROSS MULTIPLE. 20.4X 
AMOUNT INVESTED: $3.3 mil 
VALUE AT 6/30/2014: $33.2 mil 
GROSS MULTIPLE: 10.0X 
AMOUNT INVESTED: $20 mil 
VALUE AT 6/30/2014: $92.7 mil 
GROSS MULTIPLE: 4.6X 
AMOUNT INVESTED: $5 mil 
VALUE AT 6/30/2014: $7.5 mil 
GROSS MULTIPLE: 1.5X 
TOTAL 
AMOUNT INVESTED: $31.4 mil 
VALUE AT 6/30/2014: $194.7 mil 
GROSS MULTIPLE. 6.2% 
• 
Beautiful "scarping software 
SMALL BUSINESSES 
ACCOUNTANTS S BOOKKEEPERS 
M 
FEATURE TOUR 
ALL YOU NEED TO RUN YOUR BUSINESS
Online accounting 
See Mr cediglow di neelenne. 
tut bglin anytime. art/wheys 
Try the world's easiest accounting software and you'll see why 
so many people around the world love xero 
ILE =ION 
• — 
1L" 
°sea' C.) Gt 
*O.
Sank reconciliation 
Invoking 
Add-ons 
AuMwretitelyinpRI and code 
Create end semi invents. 
Res Inane witie 
you/ bank ?ans.:Ions 
auloomdRaly & owl pad mint 
poerndid Odd-OnS-
1.• 
.4 
sown more 
ROD DRURY: XERO FOUNDER / NEW ZEALAND 
Towns MUMS Mien let WerAnt0 "011 tibriniteS 410i June 30.2014 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 12 
EFTA00591056
--- PAGE 13 ---
PORTFOLIO / XERO 
THESIS 
The market for accounting software is large, growing and surprisingly untapped 
(with many consumers relying on ad hoc ledgers rather than formal software). 
Incumbent players, e.g. Intuit, are trapped in legacy architecture and have not 
successfully migrated to the cloud; they also view their accounting products 
as leaders for more profitable ancillary services and have under-developed 
their marquee products as a result. 
Because the opportunity for sales was large even without disrupting incumbents 
and because few investors were willing to underwrite a multi-year development 
cycle, Valar saw the opportunity for durable and compelling returns. 
HISTORY 
Based on the Valar team's reputation and Silicon Valley connections, a high 
profile New Zealand entrepreneur introduced one of Xero's directors to Valar 
in 2010. Valar was convinced that the founder had extraordinary execution 
abilities, a flair for sales, a plan for rapid global growth and the energy 
necessary to convert users away from entrenched systems. Xero's driven and 
experienced COO also gave Valar confidence that the firm would have the 
institutional heft to support the founder's vision. 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
OUTCOME 
The firm has grown quickly, taking dominant positions in New Zealand 
and Australia. It has launched in the US and will continue to expand in the 
Anglophone world. Valuation rose from less than US $100 million at the time 
of Valar's initial investment to US $2.9 billion (based on publicly traded prices 
as of 6/30/2014). Xero is now approaching its liquidity window. 
WWW.XERO.COM 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 13 
EFTA00591057
--- PAGE 14 ---
PORTFOLIO / TRANSFERWISE 
TRANSFERWISE - LOW-COST CURRENCY TRANSFER SERVICES 
SERIES A 
INVESTED: $3.8 mil 
VALUE AT 6/30/2014: $23.1 mil 
GROSS MULTIPLE: 6.2X 
APR 2O14 / SERIES B 
INVESTED: $6.7 mil 
VALUE AT 6/30/2014: $6.7 mil 
GROSS MULTIPLE: 1.0X 
T-T 
rc.r TransferWise 
Send money 
Money 
Help & Support 
About Us 
Hey, hidden fees. 
Your secret's out. 
Sending money abroad is deceptively expensive, 
thanks to the hidden fees we've all been forced to pay. 
Now TransferWise lets expats. foreign students and 
businesses transfer money wherever it's needed, at the 
lowest possible cost. No hidden fees, no headache. 
FROM THE PEOPLE WHO BUILT 
..A.;;Ij 
8, feral 
1000 
Recel,
1,188.07 
You'll get f 53.1 
COckU 
KRISTO KAARMANN, TAAVET HINRIKUS: TRANSFERWISE FOUNDERS / UK 
nom omens Mon tee moans moo tiberutes es t JIM 50.2014 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 14 
EFTA00591058
--- PAGE 15 ---
PORTFOLIO / TRANSFERWISE 
THESIS 
OUTCOME 
The market for currency-driven financial services is high-fee for historical rather 
All metrics continue to show extraordinary growth — users, monthly revenues 
than technological or business reasons — and is thus ripe for disruption. The 
and transfer volumes (now nearing $200 million monthly) all grew over 7x 
partners know the space well from Andrew's and Peter's history at PayPal and 
during 2013. 
James' work at Clarium, giving them an informational advantage in the space. 
WWW.TRANSFERWISE.COM 
HISTORY 
Max Levchin, one of PayPal's co-founders and its CTO, referred the partners 
to the founders. The teams met several times, and the partners believed that 
Transferwise had the ideal combination of a strong technical bench, deep 
knowledge of finance, and a history of successfully building companies - 
Taavet Hinrikus was the first employee at Skype and Kristo Kaarmann had a 
long career at PwC and Deloitte helping financial institutions modernize their 
infrastructure. Valar led the company's Series A and Series B financings in 
rounds that closed in early 2013 and 2014, respectively. 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET IS 
EFTA00591059
--- PAGE 16 ---
PORTFOLIO / VEND 
VEND - CLOUD-BASED RETAIL MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE 
MAR 2014 / SERIES D 
INVESTED: $8.6 mil 
VALUE AT 6/30/2014: $8.6 ro 
GROSS MULTIPLE: 1.0X 
yen'
Tour 
Examples 
Pricing 
About - 
Resources - 
Sign In 
AbOut Us 
Careers 
Meula 
Blog 
VAUGHAN ROWSELL: VEND FOUNDER / NEW ZEALAND 
'VEND SNRPSROT: IRTE P013 
.goes peurte0 Imen tee 
gro” tom., es ot Aane w. 2014 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
*it
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 16 
EFTA00591060
--- PAGE 17 ---
PORTFOLIO / VEND 
THESIS 
Traditional retail relies on archaic payment and management systems: while 
online stores have achieved various efficiencies, the much larger offline market 
relies on idiosyncratic, expensive and antiquated systems of cash registers, 
disparate software packages, and non-networked computers. 
By creating a point-of-sale system that both customers and retailers find easy 
to use and native to the cloud, Vend makes offline retailing more efficient 
and reliable (Vend even works when a store temporarily loses connectivity). 
Retailers no longer have to bear the high fixed and variable costs of ad hoc 
payment and retail management systems, freeing them to spend time on their 
area of highest competitive advantage: curating compelling off-line shopping 
spaces. 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
HISTORY 
Vend was founded in New Zealand by Vaughan Rowsell, a programmer with 
a long history at emerging companies. Valar's partners met Vaughan while 
completing their first investment in Xero - a company Vaughan admired. Over 
the next two years, Valar followed Vend as it scaled in its home markets and 
expanded its team. Persuaded that the founder had both the deep technical 
knowledge to develop a comprehensive but intuitive retail system from first 
principles, complemented by a dedicated and business-savvy chairman, 
Valar led an expansion round of financing in 2014. 
OUTCOME 
The company has now opened offices in Australia, Canada, and the United 
States and growth is accelerating, with more than 8,000 stores now relying 
on Vend for their POS needs. 
WWW.VENDHO.COM 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 17 
EFTA00591061
--- PAGE 18 ---
PORTFOLIO / OPPA 
OPPA - SELF-BRANDED e-COMMERCE 
AUG 2C.77 
SERIES B 
AMOUNT INVESTED: $8.0 mil 
VALUE AT 6/30/2014: $17.3 mil 
GROSS MULTIPLE: 2.2X 
SEP 2013 / CONVERTIBLE NOTE 
AMOUNT INVESTED: $5.3 mil 
VALUE AT 6/30/2014: $6.7 mil 
GROSS MULTIPLE:1.3X 
JUN 2014 / SERIES C 
AMOUNT INVESTED: $2.S mil 
VALUE AT 6/30/2014: $2.S mil 
GROSS MULTIPLE:1.0X 
I 
oPP0 
NO s ...enaclas 
ihiSPRE SE 
gp OPPAOLOG 
....Icy, 
AVUILNILS' 
MIDVEIS • 
DECoRAcrAo • 
LITILIDADES • 
CAMA E BANI4O • 
MAIS VEND 
', CD° 
TODD 
TOGO 
OPPA 
MAIS VENDOOS 
FILTRAR FOR 
"MAIS VENDIDOS" Foram encoMrados 123 prodinos 
Cotogodo 
In 
F49ov SO 
Odom. Pm P000letdoele 
V 
Amtionlos 
ML oio 
Dace:tact: 
Car:ern 
Sugoothoo do Sun EW"4191cao Fno I C.OR,. Urea Tun:Nona I Alruidada I Orpami I Seia_daLos 
MAX REICHEL: OPPA FOUNDER / BRAZIL 
fig", preurtell heren are trouSted von <flimsies es ot Jane XL 2014 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET IS 
EFTA00591062
--- PAGE 19 ---
PORTFOLIO / OP PA 
THESIS 
The merger of high-end design, low-cost manufacturing, and elimination of 
traditional furniture industry middlemen allows Oppa to deliver both well-
priced goods and comparatively high gross margins relative to other retailers. 
Direct sales, both online and offline, plus careful maintenance of lean inventory 
allow Oppa (much like Warby Parker in the US eyeglass market) to consistently 
exceed conventional industry margins. Brazil's import regime also favors 
domestic manufacturers like Oppa, providing additional barriers to entry for 
competitors (such as IKEA). 
HISTORY 
Oppa's founder had followed the Thiel team; contact was made and after several 
rounds of diligence, Valar invested. After Valar's first priced investment, Oppa 
came to the firm for expansion capital. Valar designed its follow-on investment 
to give the founder the time and flexibility to explore additional sales channels 
to accelerate growth otherwise unavailable with standard funding mechanisms. 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
OUTCOME 
Oppa has grown rapidly, gaining market share by maintaining high-quality, 
fresh designs manufactured quickly and locally. Sales roughly doubled during 
2013 and Oppa is well positioned to meet or exceed that growth in 2014. 
WWW.OPPA.COM 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 19 
EFTA00591063
--- PAGE 20 ---
PORTFOLIO / OTHER PORTFOLIO HIGHLIGHTS 
tlContaAzul 
SEP 2013 
INVESTED: $0.9 mil 
VALUE: $0.9 mil 
GROSS MULTIPLE: 1.0X 
Valar's thesis for ContaAzul mirrors that 
it held for Xero: the demand for intuitive, 
web-based and well-priced accounting 
sof tware for smaller businesses issurprisingly 
underserved. This dynamic is especially 
pronounced in emerging economies with 
non-Anglophone accounting needs. 
Valar found the team earnest, open-minded 
to the Silicon Valley approach and cohesive 
(having previously worked together). Valar 
invested in September 2013 and traction 
has already been strong. 
WWW.CONTAAZUL.COM 
Canopy Labs 
granify 
NOV 2012/MARCH 2014 
INVESTED: $0.7 mil 
VALUE: $0.7 mil 
GROSS MULTIPLE:1.0X 
Canopy Labs takes customer data and. 
applying a proprietary algorithm. allows 
companies to find and prioritize their most 
valuable customers and more efficiently 
target marketing campaigns. 
WWW.CANOPYLABS.COM 
AUG 2012/MAY 2014 
INVESTED: $0.4 mil 
VALUE: $0.4 mil 
GROSS MULTIPLE: 1.0X 
Using Al and large data sets. Granify helps 
companies identify and convert the large 
population of users who visit commerce 
websites but fail to make a purchase -
offering significant increases in conversion 
rates at effective costs. 
WWW.GRANIFY.COM 
omplica. 
NOV 2012/DEC 2013 
INVESTED: $0.3 mil 
VALUE: $0.4 mil 
GROSS MULTIPLE:1.5X 
Descomplica is Brazil's largest on-line 
classroom and brings high-quality, data-
driven classes to a wired, middle-income 
market underserved by traditional off-line 
education. 
The company now has more 
than 5.000 lessons and videos available and 
has served more than 4.5 million students. 
WWW.DESCOMPLICA.COM.BR 
Awes plimted Neem ere uniteOted von estmen of 01 Am 30. SC.I. 
Only a wilco of Yawl onion, coreparin Yo laud Net Masa canat 
thorMato Piactmont leceneaftlim be a “relplato to and pief4reNna of 
Gl Nettolo wrinnes. 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 20 
EFTA00591064
--- PAGE 21 ---
TERMS 
INVESTMENT PERIOD 
Years 
LEGAL COUNSEL 
Cooley LLP 
TARGET SIZE 
MANAGEMENT FEES 
$150 Million 
2.5% / year (subject to step-down) 
INCENTIVE FEE 
20% scaling to 25%/30% at 3x/6x returns 
MINIMUM INVESTOR COMMITMENT 
AUDITORS 
$5 Million (subject to GP discretion) 
BOO 
GP COMMITMENT 
1% of overall fund commitments 
(in addition to Peter Thiel's investment) 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 21 
EFTA00591065
--- PAGE 22 ---
TERMS 
915 Broadway, Suite 1101 
New York. NY 10010 
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND FOR QUALIFIED PURCHASERS 
ONLY. The information in this presentation may not be copied, reproduced 
or redistributed without the express written permission of Valar Ventures 
Management LLC (the "Sponsor"). This presentation is not intended for 
distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country 
where such distribution or use is contrary to local law or regulation. 
Nothing in this presentation should be construed as an offer to sell or 
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities and may not be relied upon 
in connection with the purchase or sale of any security. This presentation 
is not intended to provide. and should not be relied upon for. legal, tax. 
regulatory, investment, financial or accounting advice or investment 
recommendations. 
Any investment in a program offered by the Sponsor or its affiliates 
should be based on a careful review of the applicable offering memoranda 
and other governing documents (the "Offering Documents") containing 
detailed descriptions of the particular investment program, risks, fees 
and expenses. All statements herein are qualified in their entirety by 
reference to the Offering Documents. To the extent that this presentation 
contradicts the Offering Documents, the Offering Documents govern in 
all respects. Statements contained herein are made as of April 30, 2014 
unless otherwise noted, and are subject to change without notice. The 
valuations. forecasts, estimates, opinions and projections contained herein 
involve elements of subjective judgment and analysis. There can be no 
assurance that the assumptions made in connection with such valuations. 
forecasts, estimates. opinions and projections will prove accurate. These 
materials may contain forward•looking statements that are subject to 
certain risks and uncertainties. The Sponsor undertakes no obligation to 
update these forward•looking statements for events or circumstances 
that occur subsequent to such dates or to update or keep current any of 
the information contained herein. Certain information and data contained 
herein are based on sources the Sponsor believes to be reliable, but such 
information has not been independently verified. PAST PERFORMANCE 
IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS AND SHOULD NOT BE RELIED 
UPON FOR MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION. ANY INVESTMENT IN 
A PROGRAM OFFERED BY THE SPONSOR OR ITS AFFILIATES WILL BE 
HIGHLY SPECULATIVE AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT SUCH 
PROGRAM'S INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE WILL BE ACHIEVED. INVESTORS 
MUST BE PREPARED TO BEAR THE RISK OF A TOTAL LOSS OF THEIR 
INVESTMENT. 
Interests in the fund contemplated herein (the "Fund") have not been 
approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
(the "SEC") or by the securities regulatory authority of any state or of 
any other jurisdiction, nor has the SEC or any other such regulatory 
authority passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this presentation. Any 
representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The interests in the 
Fund (the "Interests") have not been registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act"), the securities Laws of any state 
or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction, nor is such registration 
contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold under the exemption 
provided by Section 4(2) of the 1933 Act and/or Regulation D promulgated 
thereunder and other exemptions of similar import in the laws of the states 
and jurisdictions where the offering will be made. 
INTRODUCTION 
/ 
VALAR ADVANTAGES 
/ 
PORTFOLIO 
/ 
TERMS 
CONFIDENTIAL & TRADE SECRET 22 
EFTA00591066

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591067.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591067.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00591067

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591068.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591068.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00591068

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591069.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591069.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00591069

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591070.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591070.pdf
----------------------------------------
CASH FLOW 
ASSUMPTIONS 
JULY 7 2015 
R JOSLIN 
BFP 
APOLLO DISTRIBUTIONS BASED ON JUNE ESTIMATES FROM APOLLO FINANCE 
AUG $0.40 
NOV $0.33 
FEB'16 $0.58 
PLANE 
HOURS OF REIMBURSEMENT/ CHARTER FROM APOLLO 
BOAT 
CHARTERS IN SUMMER AND DECEMBER TO MOSTLY DEFRAY OPERATING COSTS 
FROM JULY TO DEC 
TAXES 
INCOME TAXES BASED ON JUNE APOLLO TAX ESTIMATES 
MIAMI 
ASSUME $500K OF FURNISHINGS JUL - DEC 
ART LOAN 
GAGOSIAN OCT INSTALLMENT FUNDED BY BALANCE OF ART LOAN AVAILABLE 
LEGAL 
PLACEHOLDER OF $750K FOR 2014 PW LEGAL 
ART 
PRINTS ACQUISITION OF $35 MILLION NOT REFLECTED 
BFP 
KNOWLEDGE UNIVERSE SALE OF PROPCO IN DEC 2015 $7 MILLION 
BFP 
KNOWLEDGE UNIVERSE - RELEASE OF LEGAL FEE ESCROW $1.8 MILLION DEC 2015 
BFP 
REPAYMENT OF PHAIDON GLOBAL LOANS BY DEC 2015 - $10.55 MILLION 
FAMILY OFFICE (BFP) NEW LABOR COSTS ARE GUESSTIMATE 
COST SHARING 
TRUST COST SHARE OF FAMILY OFFICE NOT REFLECTED 
APO 1 
APO 1 TO REPLAY BFP FOR PHAIDON BORROWING 
APO 1 
APO 1 TO FUND DISTRIBUTION TO BEN OF $3.2 MILLION 
APO 2 
ASSUME NO FURTHER FUNDING OF SH MEADOW 
APO 2 
FUNDS FUTURE PUBLISHING COSTS 
EFTA00591070
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUMMARY OF CASH FLOW - BLACK FAMILY 
ACTUAL JAN+MAY AND PROJECTED JUN - DEC 
APO 1 
FY 2015 
LOB 
BFP LP 
LDS 2011 U.0 
APO 2 
LDS 201411C 
GRATS 
TOTAL 
HP12$ 2013 
NARROWS 
LBF HOLDINGS 
INFLOWS 
DISTRIBUTION FROM BFP LP (INCE APO) 
2&574,199 
(254,676) 
25,747,696 
14,707,208 
139,135,273 
204,909,700 
NET DISTRIBUTION FROM GRATS 
153,308,781 
- 
(153,308,781) 
INFLOWS - INVESTMENTS 
TIMBER 
15,533,493 
15,533,493 
101 WARREN ST 
4,061,810 
4,061,810 
AZ PROPERTY 
1,410,497 
1,410,497 
K-12 INC 
1,524,867 
1,524,867 
LOAN CASCADE - PARTIAL WITHDRAWL 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
KNOWLEDGE UNIVERSE - UQUIDATION 
12,733,826 
12,733,826 
REDEMPTION - APOLLO VIF 
5,801,604 
5,801,604 
DISTRIB - APOLLO CO-INVESTORS VI 
3,846,838 
3,846,838 
DISTRIB - 107 PORTFOLIO 
1,088,560 
1,088,560 
DISTRIB - ECI I 
1,760,525 
1,760,525 
DIVIDENDS/ INTEREST 
633,473 
622,633 
7,0)7 
1,263,183 
INFLOWS - OTHER 
ART LOAN 
96,000,000 
96,000,000 
MISC 
7,906.205 
2,318,540 
1.138,503 
503,199 
- 
11,866,446 
TOTAL INFLOWS 
285,288,242 
52,137,965 
3,521,661 
30,312,706 
14,714,285 
(14,173,508) 
371,801,350 
OUTFLOWS - INVESTMENT 
CAPITAL CALL - ECI II 
(5,898,532) 
(5,898,532) 
CAPITAL CALL - COF CO-INVEST III 
(5,015,073) 
(5,015,073) 
CAPITAL CALL - AlH ENE 
(41,600,000) 
(41,600,000) 
CAPITAL CALL -CURATION MEDIA 
(1,300,000) 
- 
(1,300,000) 
INVESTMENT - ARCADIA BEACON II 
- 
(5,000,000) 
(5,000,000) 
ARTSPACE 
- 
(2,481,556) 
(2,481,556) 
PHAIDON PRESS 
- 
(1,700,000) 
(340,000) 
(2,040,000) 
REGAN ARTS 
- 
(4,650,000) 
(2,150,000) 
(6,800,000) 
MISC 
(366,566) 
(612,866) 
(979,432) 
OUTFLOWS - PERSONAL 
PERSONAL - LEISURE ET AL 
(6,041,341) 
(6,041,341) 
RESIDENTIALTLABOR 
(5,212,966) 
(5,212,966) 
MS DISBURSEMENTS 
(3,709,524) 
- 
- 
(3,709,524) 
ART & COLLECTIBLES 
(124,639,453) 
(3,223,286) 
(3,157) 
(127,865,896) 
TOWNHOUSE -CONSTRUCTION 
(1,896,653) 
(4,415,347) 
(6,312,000) 
SH MEADOW - CONSTRUCTION & EXP 
(5,760,000) 
(5,760,000) 
MIAMI PROPERTY 
- 
(8,750,000) 
(8,750,000) 
BOAT 
(2,205,787) 
(2,20S,787) 
PLANE 
(4,852,003) 
(4,852,003) 
FAMILY OFFICE 
(5,915,000) 
(5,915,000) 
BOFA - ART LOAN INTEREST 
(7,476,359) 
(7,476,359) 
ART EXPENSE - CONSULTANTS/ INSURANCE 
(2,457,520) 
(268,172) 
(206,000) 
(2,931,692) 
LEGAL & ACCOUNTING 
(2,090,591) 
(20,030) 
(38,938) 
(33,070) 
(41,784) 
(2,224,383) 
CHARITY 
(22,574,804) 
(22,574,1304) 
IRS-2014 
(27,758,151) 
(27,758,151) 
IRS-2015 
(13,211,849) 
(13,211,849) 
NYS/ CA/ IA TAX-2014 
(20,363,201) 
(20,363,201) 
NYS/ CA/ IA TAX-2015 
(8,481,799) 
(8,481,799) 
USE TAX 
(2,964,878) 
- 
(3,930,023) 
(244,063) 
(7,138,964) 
ADVISORY/ TRUSTEE FEE 
-
MISC 
(3,364,800) 
(1,592) 
(59,119) 
- 
(3,425,511) 
TOTAL OUTFLOWS 
(259,301,679) 
(60,116,762) 
(18,838,633) 
(20,026,965) 
(5,041,784) 
(363,325,823) 
NET IN (OUT) BEFORE INTRA-FAMILY 
25,986,563 
(7,978,798) 
(15,316,972) 
10,28S,740 
9,672,501 
(14,173,508) 
8,475,527 
INTRA FAMILY LOANS - DRS/ PUBLISHING 
1,450,000 
(1,000,000) 
(451,000) 
(1,000) 
INTRA FAMILY LOANS - BFP/ PHAIDON GLOBAL 
16,549,733 
(16,549,733) 
INTRA-FAMILY TRANSFERS - AP NARROWS CLASS B 
2,000,000 
(2,00.000) 
INTRA-FAMILY TRANSFERS - TRUST DISTRIB - DRS 
10,000,000 
(10,000,000) 
INTRA-FAMILY TRANSFERS - INT ON DEBT 
(27,325,266) 
55,900 
25,776,658 
(17,802) 
(1,510,510) 
INTRA-FAMILY TRANSFERS - REIMS 
(3,233,550) 
3,233,550 
CORP DISTRIB - DAB PROD 
560,000 
- 
- 
560,000 
TRUST DISTRIB - BEN/ JOSH/ ALEX/ VICTORIA 
- 
(3,200,000) 
(114,000) 
(3,314,000) 
TOTAL INTRA-FAMILY 
(16,548,816) 
16,605,633 
6,260,475 
(10,582,802) 
(4,26S,510) 
NET IN (OUT) 
9,437,747 
8,626,836 
(9,056,497) 
(297,062) 
9,672,501 
(14,173,508) 
4,210,017 
CASH BALANCE - OPEN 
30,188,407 
18,117,257 
31,034,116 
13,545,853 
9,783,100 
14,352,720 
117,021,452 
CASH BALANCE -END 
39.626,154 
26,745,227 
21,977,583 
13,248,792 
19,455,601 
179,212 
121,232,569 
EFTA00591071
--- PAGE 3 ---
SUMMARY OF CASH FLOW • BLACK FAMILY 
AcTuAL 44N4uN AND FRa.P.PuL • DE4 
FY2015 
JUN 25 2015 
INFLOWS 
FY2016 
JAN 
FY2015 
FEB 
FY2015 
MAR 
FY2015 
APRIL 
FY 2015 
MAY 
FY2015 
JUN 
FY2016 
ALLY 
FY2015 
AUG 
FY 2015 
SEP 
FY 2015 
OCT 
FY 2015 
NOV 
FY 2015 
DEC 
TOTAL 
DISTRIBUTION FROM BFP LP (INCI. APO) 
79,745.381 
26.873.579 
30.599.965 
37.090.866 
30.599.965 
204.909.735 
INFLOWS • INVESTMENTS 
TOMER 
15.891.938 
061.446) 
15.513.493 
101 WARREN ST 
4.081.810 
4.061.810 
AZ PROPERTY 
1.410.497 
- 
1.410.497 
K-12 INC 
557.830 
967.237 
1.524.867 
LOAN CASCADE- PARTIAL WITHDRAWL 
10.000.000 
10.000.000 
DISTRIB4LP) - WCISENSOHN 
481091 
- 
480.091 
KNOWLEDGE UNIVERSE- LIQUIDATION 
3.933.826 
8.800.000 
12.713.828 
REDEMPTION - APOLLO VIF 
• 
5101.804 
5.801.604 
DISTRIB 4LP) - 107 PORTFOLIO LP 
468.198 
620.362 
1,088.560 
DIS1RIB - APOLLO COAIVESTORS VI 
2.134.681 
1.712.177 
1848.838 
DISTRIB - FCI I 
402.631 
357.494 
1.000.000 
1.760.525 
DIVIDENDS, INTEREST 
270,172 
1.288 
1.504 
423.181 
34.894 
363 
288.287 
265.518 
1,263.183 
INFLOWS • OTHER 
ART LOAN 
9.000.000 
5.000,000 
- 
- 
23.000.000 
34.500.000 
• 
24.500.000 
96.000.000 
MISC 
345.849 
453.900 
1.713.501 
811.169 
436.882 
732.994 
395.541 
6.632.360 
4,865 
50.185 
4,665 
4,665 
11,388.355 
TOTAL INFLOWS 
41584,096 
85.039.101 
2.693.261 
30322660 
84.384.801 
36,946,654 
1.829.045 
43.723.226 
4.665 
24.816,681 
30.604.830 
9.804.865 
171.801.185 
OUTFLOWS • INVESTMENT 
CAPITAL CALL - Fa II 
(192.874) 
41.528.9194 
- 
(1285.828) 
(842.913) 
41.125.000) 
(1.125.0001 
(1898.532) 
CAPITAL CALL- COF CO-INVEST III 
(284.874) 
(59237) 
(598.721) 
(909.823) 
(682.418) 
oc.3.ciaq 
(500,003) 
(500.000) 
(500.000) 
4500.000) 
(5115.073) 
CAPITAL CALL- ATIENE 
- 
441.800.000) 
- 
441,600.000) 
CAPITAL CALL -CURATION MEDIA 
- 
(650.000) 
- 
(325.000) 
(325.000) 
(1,300.000) 
INVESTMENT - ARCADIA BEACON II 
(2.010.000) 
42.000.04:01 
4990.003) 
(5100.000) 
ARTSPACE 
4350.003) 
(900.000) 
(6.558) 
(975,000) 
aso.oaq 
(2.481.556) 
PHAIDON PRESS 
(1.700.000) 
pgamath 
(2040100) 
REGAN ARTS 
(1.750.000) 
(2.900.000) 
(2.150.000) 
(6.800.000) 
MISC 
(438.711) 
(132.171) 
(160.550) 
(250.000) 
(979.432) 
OUTFLOWS • PERSONAL 
PERSONAL - LEISURE ET AL 
(538.293) 
(725.549) 
4487.979) 
(440.520) 
(797.000) 
(4841000) 
(408.030) 
(406.000) 
(481.000) 
(408.000) 
(408.000) 
(411 000) 
(6.041.341) 
RESIDENTIAL. LABOR 
(222.081) 
(465.8121 
4372.471) 
(582.848) 
(364.604) 
(726.523) 
(446.438) 
(446.43M 
(398.438) 
(398.438) 
(396.438) 
(396.418) 
(5.212.986) 
MS DISBURSEMENTS 
4907.155) 
(1.002.369) 
(900.0401 
(900.000) 
(3.709.524) 
ART 8 COLLECTIBLES 
(11.311.881) 
47.257.8CM 
(1.012515) 
(5.815.385) 
(23247.584) 
(43,970.822) 
(6.503.000) 
- 
(28750.000) 
(127.885.898) 
TOWNHOUSE • CONSTRUCTION 
(1.000.000) 
(1.625.030) 
42.750.0001 
(937.000) 
(6,312.000) 
SH MEADOW- CONSTRUCTION B EXP 
(700.000) 
- 
(2.500.000) 
- 
(2.503.000) 
- 
- 
(80.000) 
(5.760.000) 
MIAMI PROPERTY 
- 
- 
(250.000) 
- 
- 
(250.000) 
- 
(8.250.003) 
(84750.000) 
BOAT 
(105.787) 
(105.000) 
4450.000) 
(105.000) 
(405.030) 
(105.000) 
(155.000) 
(155.000) 
(155,0001 
(155.000) 
(155.030) 
(155.000) 
(2.205.787) 
PLANE 
(258.340) 
4911255) 
(420.144) 
(524.331) 
(171.934) 
(428.000) 
(429.000) 
(428.000) 
(428.000) 
(428.030) 
44211000) 
(4.852.003) 
FAMILY OFFICE 
(270.000) 
(531.000) 
4411003) 
(511.000) 
(446.030) 
(548.000) 
(449.030) 
(540.000) 
(WACO) 
(557.000) 
(557.030) 
(5570 00) 
(5.915.000) 
SOFA- ART LOAN INTEREST 
- 
(1.701,064) 
(1.797.291) 
- 
41.962,938) 
(2015.047) 
47.478.359) 
ART EXPENSE- CONSULTANTS' INSURANCE 
(176.429) 
(225.016) 
(45.9438) 
(244.821) 
(129.102) 
(875.810) 
(197.509) 
(101.383) 
(447113) 
(186.883) 
(101.383) 
(101.381) 
(2.911.892) 
LEGAL B ACCOUNTING 
- 
(472.092) 
4447.821) 
(48.341) 
(53.672) 
(2.658) 
(900.000) 
- 
(150,000) 
4150.000) 
(2.224.311) 
CHARITY 
415.000) 
(25.000) 
4497.250) 
(638.500) 
(2250.000) 
(199.054) 
00.030) 
410.000) 
44.010.000) 
410.000) 
410.010.000) 
(4.910,000) 
(22174.804) 
IRS-2014 
(21.000.000) 
(6.758.151) 
(27.758.1511 
IRS-2015 
- 
• 
(4.061.849) 
- 
(4.503.000) 
- 
(4.650.040) 
• 
(11.211.849) 
NYS/ CAI LA TAX-2014 
(15.470.000) 
- 
(4.893201) 
- 
(201832011 
NYS/ CM IA TAX-2015 
(2.806.799) 
- 
(2.803.000) 
43.075.0001 
(8.481.799) 
USE TAX 
(17581 
- 
- 
(8090.330) 
- 
(1.039.878) 
- 
- 
(7.118.984) 
ADVMORY/ TRUSTEE FEE 
- 
. 
. 
. 
-
MISC 
(245.472) 
(239.7591 
(704.738) 
1271609) 
(139.3321 
(940.1441 
1408.2861 
(135.7721 
(2822041 
426.7821 
(28.7821 
(28.7821 
(3.425.641) 
TOTAL OUTFLOWS 
(80.977.960) 
(11.830.095) 
(12.598.891) 
(78189.187) 
438.418.158) 
(63.521,018) 
(7.236,631) 
(11.622193) 
(23.812.981) 
02266.103) 
(11705.603) 
(20.887.860) 
(363.325.951) 
NET IN (OUT) BEFORE INTRA-FAMILY 
(9.323.855) 
73.209.006 
01001 330/ 
14723461 27/ 
27141253
(211 676.464) 
oases) 
32.100,613 
(2umas) 
(7440,422) 
18.899.027 
(91.0629655) 
8.475.432 
LY LOANS - DRBI PUBLISHING 
• 
- 
(1.000,000) 
999.000 
- 
(1.000) 
CORP DUSTIN - ORB PROD 
560.000 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
560.000 
TRUST DISTRIB • BEM JOSH 
(9500) 
(9.500) 
(9,500) 
(9.500) 
(9.500) 
(9.500) 
(3209.500) 
(9.500) 
(9.500) 
(9.500) 
(9.500) 
(8.508) 
(3.314.000) 
LY TRANSFERS • INT ON DEBT 
(1.510.5101 
(1.510.610) 
lARAMILY 
551500 
(92500) 
(7.009.217) 
6,989,233 
(9,600) 
(1,520,010) 
(3,209,600) 
(1500) 
(1500) 
PAW) 
PAW 
(9.500) 
(4265.610) 
NET IN (OUT) 
(6373.351) 
711992505 
(17,014343) 
(40,857294) 
27.936,743 
(28,096,473) 
(8.816.086) 
32,001133 
(21,237,798) 
(7,441922) 
16,889127 
(11,062.488) 
4.209.922 
END OF MONTH CASH 
117.021.452 
106248.088 
181,447,594 
184,431.011 
123,575.737 
151.512,480 
123517506 
114.600,920 
146,692,053 
122,884,255 
111404,333 
132261188 
121,231375 
EXCLUDES DESCENDANT'S TRUSTS 
EFTA00591072
--- PAGE 4 ---
LEON & DEBRA BLACK 
PROJECTED CASH FLOW 
FY2015 
FY2015 
FY 2015 
FY2015 
FY2015 
FY2015 
FY2015 
FY 2015 
FY2015 
FY2015 
FY2015 
FY2015 
FY2015 
FY2015 
ACTUAL IAN- JUN; PROJECTED JUL- OK 2015 
WI 1.15 
JAN 16 - 31 
APRIL 1-15 
APRIL 16-30 
TOTAL 
PREPARED BY R JOSLIN 
MN 
JAN 
FEB 
MAR 
APRIL 
APRIL 
MAY 
JUN 
JULY 
AUG 
SEP 
OCT 
NOV 
DEC 
NET INFLOW 
JUN 262015 
PAYMENT DATE: BFP/ GRAT 
1/9/2015 
1/24/2015 
2/27/2015 
3/3/2015 
4/15/2015 
4/24/205 
5/7/2015 
6/3/2015 
7/24/2015 
8/28/2015 
9/3/2015 
10/24/2015 
11/28/2015 
12/3/2015 
INFLOWS 
BFP LP OISTRIB 
2,C00„428 
: 
7,491,334
2,15;345 
4,427,339 
5,540.562: 
: 
3,964,190: 
- 
25,574,199 
GRAT ANNUITY 
. 
20,200,000 
. 
38,610,000 . 
. 
15,C00,000 
. 
30,991,000 
3,681,000 . 
. 
22,369,000 . 
1,651,781 . 
. 
20,566,000 
153,308,781 
LOAN PROCEEDS - BOFA - ART 
: 
9.999,C00 
5,000 WO : 
OCO 030 : 
500 OZO  
24,5T,C00 
: 
96,000, OW 
.... 
LOAN PROCEEDS - LDS 2014U.0 (DUE 4/30/15) 
- 
COO 000 - 
- 
000 OZO 
OISTRIB (TRUST) - ORB - APO 2 
- 
COO 
- 
10.000000 
DISTRIB ICORPI - DRB - DRB PRODUCTIONS 
560030 ' 
56°)???. 
SALE - ARIZONA PROPERTY 
1410497: 
1410497 
OISTRIB (LP) - 107 PORTFOLIO LP 
468,198 - 
620,362 
1,0138,56D 
SALE - CLASS B INTEREST AP NARROWS LLC 
2,000,000 : 
2,000,000 
SALE - URI PROFIT ON ND °room EXERCISE 3/2014 . 
411,895 . 
411,695 
LOAN REPAYMENT -ARTSPACE - ORB 
450,000 - 
450,000 
LOAN REPAYMENT- PHAJDON GLOBAL -ORB 
• 
1,000,000= 
- 
1,000000 
OTHER REFUNDS/ RECEIPTS 
4,416 . 
37,243 . 
6,107 . 
9,706 . 
1,324 . 
84,605 . 
34,821 . 
102,065 
4.665 . 
4,665 . 
4,665 . 
4.665 . 
4,665 . 
4,665 . 
306.296 
TOTAL INFLOWS 
19,033,042 
30,647,741 
5,418,002 
4%731,402 
1,451,324 
17,234951 
23,034,821 
70,020,424 
5,685,665 
5.345227 
22,393,665 
26,356,446 
3,968,855 
20,590,665 
298,112,229 
OUT 10 WS 
MS TRANSFERS 
(90713551
: 
(1,002,369): 
: 
(900,000F 
: 
f91"qc9. 
,1.99.47.1) 
PERSONAL
:
(20,000) 
(518,293) 
(725,549) 
(487,979) 
130,000) 
(410,520)
(797,030) 
(466,000)  
(406,000) 
(406,000) 
(481,000) 
(406,000) 
(406,000) 
.... 
(481,000) 
(6,041,341) 
RESIDENTIAL + LABOR 
- 
- 
222,081)-
(465,812: 
(3724711- 
(582,848)
(364,609-
(726,523 
544 64381: 
(446,438): 
(396,438): 
(396(470
(396,473)-
P%5438):....555211,9661
INSURANCE/TAXES - PROPERTY 
(249,43* 
(354,464)' 
(42,7511- 
(207307)
(100,274)= 
(416,644) 
1365,949)' 
(108,990): 
(235.422): 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
: 
(1 881,232) 
TOWNHOUSE -CONSTRUCTION 
(295.5705- 
. 
5480,301): 
(312818). 
.... 
FINE ART 
c8.85 
.... (3,091,559)- 
(1a39,658 
5214,423):
- 
56,122,631  
- 
- 
- 
i19,1B6.4:3?) 
BRONZES 
- 
: 
- 
: 
- 
: 
- 
(5,562.353): 
95,266: 
- 
: 
- 
: 
- 
: 
- 
: 
- 
: 
(5,4679371 
JEWELRY 
PARE 800Y3 
- 
: 
- 
: 
p8,491): 
- 
: 
: 
(342,850): 
- 
: 
- 
: 
- 
: 
- 
: 
(6364?4.14 
FURNITURE ET AL 
. 
(248,3051. 
315,556). 
(36,745). 
(163,313  
- 
- 
(6763t__?1,) 
ART EXPENSE -CONSULTANT/INSURANCE 
- 
(176,429)- 
(142,664) 
(84,14B). 
(105,321):
(93,978)- 
(843,348 
(93,663). 
(93,883)- 
(93,8133)- 
(93,883)- 
(93,883)- 
(93,883)- 
(2,009,208) 
SOFA -ART LOAN - 5470MM • UBOR 1M+ 125- 5/2015 
. 
701 0134). 
' 
(1,797,291  
Ry?F'7t?,?' 
(7/9?:5A17.).- .... M 47.6t?Th 
BOAT: DEBT SERV - 517.2MM. LIBOR 1DAY+185- 12/2018 
(105787): 
(105,080): 
1100,000): 
(105,000): 
(105030): 
(105,088 
(105,000): 
(105,000): 
(105,000): 
(105,000): 
(105,C00): 
(105 000): 
(1 ,255,787) 
BOAT- USE (NET OF CHARTER REVENUE)* 
5350,0005: 
- 
5300000): 
150 000). 
(50,000,1-
(30,000)- 
50,C00)- 
(5 ,000  ......1950,PP°1
PLANE: DEBT SERV - 521.1MM: UBOR 1M+172:9/2016 
(158,202)• 
1156,0711. 
• 
(162,000)
(158,030)- 
(156,003 
(156,000). 
(156,000)- 
(158,000)- 
(158,C00)- 
(158,C00)- 
(156,003): 
(1,742,272) 
PLANE USE 1NET OF REIMBURSEMENT 
(96,139): 
(753,1641 
: 
(738,144): 
(366,331): 
13934  
1270,003): 
(270,000): 
(270,000): 
(270,00): 
(270,000): 
17ThRc9:. .... 0 ,.199t?Th 
TRANSFER TO NARROWS LLC 
: 
(5,630,000); 
; 
(3,233,550): 
-  - 
(23,0(7,030): 
(34,500,0W  
(28,750,0110): 
: 
(95,113,550) 
:  APO 1 INTEREST 
: 
: 
16,737,737): 
: 
. 
: 
(6,612,601 
(6,887,4641: 
(6687sitt... 
URI/SIRI OPTION - PROFIT DISGORGEMENT TO APOLLO 
(196,343). 
(434,660  
: 
(631,003) 
LOAN REPAY- LOB 2014LLC (DUE 4/30/151 
- 
(6,000p00): 
f6 ".4c9 
LEGAL & ACCOUNTING - CURRENT 
(447,621): 
(48,062)-
(1,755
(150 000).
- 
(150000)-
(150,000): 
(947,438) 
LEGAL & ACCOUNTING - PRIOR YEAR 
(393,154)• 
 5750,000)' 
Pa:43.4:9.9 
CHARITY 
(13,C00). 
(25,000). 
(487.2501. 
(108.500)- 
(530.000): 
(2.250,C00). 
(199,054 
(10,000) 
(10,000)- 
(4,010,(00)- 
(10,003)- 
(10,010,100)- 
(4,910,000). 
(22,574,604) 
IRS - INCOME & GIFT - 2015 
0,061,8491: 
: 
(4,500,0T  
Si•PTP.)????: 
: 
(13,211,050) 
IRS - INCOME & GIFT-2014 
(21,030,000): 
- 
: 
(6,758,151): 
-
- 
: 
- 
: 
- 
(27,758,151) 
NYS/CA/IA INCOME TAX - 2015 
(2,606,799): 
(2,600,003  
(6,481,7991 
NYS/ CA/ IA INCOME TAX-2014 
(15,070,0901: 
: 
(4,893„2011. 
- 
(20,363,201) 
USE ET AL TAX 
. 
(1 925,0001. 
(1,039,8781  
. 
‘2,964,FIR 
MISC OUTFLOW 
(2,554)- 
1.8,655 - 
(43,417): 
(550,2731: 
(9,051)- 
(12455): 
(4,982): 
(87,797) 
(26,782); 
(26,782)- 
(26,782)- 
(26,782)-
(25782)- 
(26,782)- 
(852,565) 
TOTAL OUTFLOWS 
(21,456,164) 
(27,616,439) 
(9,130,094) 
114,301,094) 
(23,964,421) 
(14,150,370) 
(27,835,816) 
(62,190,997) 
(3,312,353) 
(1,675,093) 
(24,264,745) 
(30,266,103) 
(11,516,103) 
(16,751,578) 
(288,431,369) 
NET IN(OUT)FLOWS 
(2,473322) 
3,031,301 
(3,712,092) 
32,430,308 
(22,513,097) 
3,084,582 
(4,800,994) 
7,829,427 
2,373,312 
3,870,133 
(1,871,080) 
(3,909,658) 
(7,547,248) 
3,839,067 
9,660,859 
CASH BALANCE 
27,308,712 
30,340,013 
26,627,921 
59,058,230 
36.34%132 
39,629,714 
34,828,720 
42,658,147 
45,031,459 
48,901.592 
47,030.312 
43,120,855 
35,573,607 
39,412,694 
EFTA00591073
--- PAGE 5 ---
PERSONAL. RESIDENTIAL. OTHER 
LEON & DEBRA BLACK 
PROJECTED CASH FLOW 
FY2015 
ACTUAL JAN - JUN; PROJECTED JUL- DEC 2015 
JAN 1.15 
PREPARED BY RJOSUN 
JAN 
FY 2015 
MN 16 - 31 
JAN 
FY 2015 
FE8 
FY2015 
MAR 
FY2015 
APRIL 1.15 
APRIL 
FY 2015 
APRIL 16-30 
APRIL 
FY 2015 
MAY 
FY 2015 
FY2015 
JUN 
JULY 
FY2015 
AUG 
FY2015 
SEP 
FY2015 
OCT 
FY2015 
NOV 
FY2015 
TOTAL 
DEC 
NET INFLOW 
PERSONAL 
(20000) 
(518,293) 
(725,549) 
(487,979) 
(30 0001 
(410,520) 
(797,000) 
(466000) 
(406,000) 
(406,000) 
(481,000) 
(406,000) 
(406.000) 
(481,000) 
(6,041,341) 
TPS-PERSONAL 
TPS-CREDIT CARD 
(53,083): 
268,663); 
(134.395): 
(118,4B4)• 
(51,657): 
(67,040 • 
(90,559): 
p28,190)-
(38,585): 
(42,887)-
(100,0001: 
1100,000):
(150,000): 
(150 000).
(100.000): 
(150,000)- 
(100,00):
(100,00): 
(150,000)- 
150,030); 
(100,000): 
(150,030)- 
Pwsim3): .... (3,136:8/._??) 
_ _
P6°P a g-
MISC - MS DISBURSEMENTS 
pommy
po,00co- 
(5°,0K)-
(50,030); 
(50(100)- 
.... 
(500:0): 
( 34°48P) 
PETTY CASH -LOB 
(55icc"):
- 
: 
(25,000): 
(55,000): 
(80,030):
6°,9°P 
pox's):
(sum): 
(50,000): 
(soiccp): 
(50'000): 
(0.9?):. ...... 0.6.5.49 
DUES - GOLF ET AL 
(38,111): 
(18,874): 
(25,000): 
(25,00): 
(186/95P) 
KNICKS - EIFEL° 
(114,425)- 
(114,425) 
MELANIE TRUSTEE FEE 
(41.824(: 
(41,824) 
AMEX-LDB 
(23,314). 
(34,559): 
(38,458): 
(4071). 
(9,278): 
(25,90 
(25 ,000): 
(25000). 
(25,000). 
(25,09): 
(25,000): 
......( 2.84.139 
LDB - APOLLO REIMBURSEMENT 
- 
(118,233)- 
(500[0 
(50,00)-
(50,00): 
(268.233) 
GIFT - RELATIVE 
(400 009. 
SUPPORT -CHILDREN 
(20,000): 
(1,500): 
(30,000): 
(30,000): 
(35,030): 
(31,0% 
(31,00): 
431,000): 
(31,030): 
(31,003): 
(31,030): 
(31,00): 
(333,5[0) 
SUPPORT - CHILDREN - RENT 
13.268  
(13.461.. ) 
AIPAC - LOBBYING 
soncipy POUTICAL - 3840 
9501909.
(250,030), 
(2C(1,030): 
(250,880) 
- 
(45019Pf) 
soncipy POUTICAL - 6273 
(2,500). 
(2,700). 
(2,700). 
(,900) 
MEMBERSHIP 
(10,000): 
(5,250): 
(36.44°) 
FITNESS 
(5,848 
(5,848) 
RESIDENTIAL + LABOR 
P 7-20 81): 
(465,812): 
(374471): 
(582,848);
(364,604): 
(726,523  
...... 
..... A3PM?,?;  
-396437.86: 
(396,438): 
(3961438): 
(6,214 966) 
HOUSEHOLD LABOR 
(123,217): 
(140,592); 
(120,193); 
(1070 26): 
(141,701): 
(136,878 
(141,667); 
(141,667): 
(141,667): 
(141,6671: 
(141,667): 
(141,667): 
(1,720,210) 
TPS RESIDENTIAL 
(95,598): 
(254,820): 
(174565): 
((1 ,624): 
(147,641): 
(300,00?  
1300,000):
(3°0800):
(25°P w ):
(2wicc"):
(250,000): 
P 9q.c9:. .... (3,1.2.2/?4?) 
PAT 70 LLC (0945) 
(4,771 
(4,771).
(4,771). 
(4,771). 
(4,771). 
(4,771): 
(4,771): 
(33,396) 
BV 70 LLC (0945) 
(20(???  
(30400 
MAINT & LANDS - COOPER 
(30 593). 
(34,392);
(64,985) 
MAINT & LANDS - KRUPINSKI - 0945 
(25.213 
(25.713) 
MAINT & LANDS - KRUPINSKI - 3840 
(66 242) • 
(16,651): 
(112 165)• 
(195,058) 
MAINT & LANDS - KRUPINSKI - 6273 
(3,766): 
(3,945): 
(2t_L
?1).) 
MAINT & LANDS - LUPINO 
(27,703) 
(27,703) 
MAINT & LANDS - MARDERS 
RESIDENTIAL - LIGHTING - 3840 
(24,095)
(38.284): 
(22.515):
(38.4819 
(46,L* 
RESIDENTIAL - LIGHTING + OTHER 760- 6273 
(3,266)- 
(4,158)• 
(14,463)-
(21,887) 
RESIDENTIAL- FRANK & UNDY - BEDFORD 0945 
MO  
(1519P?) 
CONSTRUCTION - KRUPINSKI - 766 MEADOW 
(224,662 
(224,662) 
MISC OUTFLOWS 
(2,554) 
18,655 
(43,417) 
(550,273) 
(9,051) 
(12,455)
(4,982) 
(87,797)  
(26,782) 
(26,782) 
126,782) 
(26,782) 
126,782) 
(28,782) 
(852,565) 
SERVER - IT - LOB SHARE 
(4329): 
(1,849): 
(1,782): 
(1,782): 
(1,782(: 
(1,782): 
Vige 
(1,782) 
(1,7821: 
(1,782): 
(1,782): 
(1,782): 
(1,782): 
(23,980) 
TPS - MSIC 
21,232 - 
(21,434). 
(39,694): 
4,553  
(25,000) 
(25,000) 
425.000)- 
ps,o(Ko- 
(25,030). 
(25000)- 
(25,0[0)- 
(210,343) 
MISC OUTFLOW 
(25):
(135): 
(125): 
(660F 
(750 
(4695) 
MISC OUTFLOW - 0945 
(241): 
(2,478): 
(100)-
(1,140): 
(3.630 
(7 .589) 
MISC OUTFLOW 6273 
(153)_ 
I9092): 
660 • 
2).; 
(2•060
(2-5/TPP) 
INTEREST 
BANK FEES 
(375): 
(50): 
(50): 
(25): 
(KO) 
EMPIRE VALUATION - INVOICE 
(10,421): 
(10,421) 
PECONIC ENVIRONMENTAL 
(3,909(: 
Vern 
CSC FEE 
(262): 
(734 
(996) 
MCMT TAX 
(2 700). 
(3199) 
FTB - NOTICE - SEE REFUND 
( 214)-
(,214) 
LDB TRANSFER TO SEP - HERITAGE/ INTEREST 
INTERCO- LDS 2014 LLC INTEREST 
504 485 . 
077): 
(669.46P1 
viOn 
EFTA00591074
--- PAGE 6 ---
FINE ART, RARE BOOKS, BRONZES ET AL 
LEON & DEBRA BLACK 
PROJECTED CASH FLOW 
FY2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY2015 
ACTUAL JAN - JUN; PROJECTED JUL - DEC 2015 
IAN 1-15 
MN 16 - 31 
APRIL 1-15 
APRIL 16-30 
TOTAL 
PREPARED BY R JOSUN 
IAN 
JAN 
FEB 
MAR 
APRIL 
APRIL 
MAY 
JUN 
JULY 
AUG 
SEP 
OCT 
NOY 
DEC 
NET INFLOW 
FINE ART 
DEIALANDE - CANES 
KAPOOR - FOLD I 
PONTORMO - FINE ART 
MIERIS/RUBENS - CHRISTIE'S 
LUXURY CATALOG- RARE BOOKS 
GISELLE CROES 
GEOFFREY DINER GALLERY 
MAGNAN METZ 
GUT17AAN - FRAMING 
A.BLOEMAERT - HEAD AND ARM 
T & R OAKB - KELLY'S SLOUGH 
CROWN FINE ART 
KUNSTHANDLUNG HELMUT 
DE MYSER - COYPEL 
KITAJ - IRON KNIFE 
UECKER 
ELLSWORTH 
MICHAELANGELO 
BRONZES 
GISELLE CROES 
JEWELRY 
RARE BOOKS 
SHAKESPEARE FOUO 
Saeenplay - The Godfather 
NUREMBURG CHRONICLE 
FURNITURE ET AL 
FLOOR LAMPS - ADNET 
PHIWPS - HOFFMAN/JEANERET/ PONT FURN. 
BOILLY - SO1HEBY'S 
LAMB - STOOLS 
(185,305) 
(10,562,518) 
(1,091,559) 
(1,009 658) 
(214,423) 
(6,122,831) 
(19 186,294) 
(185 
( 
20)-
(8.4WIWOC 
(2.284,198)
(352,674). 
. 
(580,683). 
(7,340): 
(17 420). 
(1,7961: 
(28.429 
(1ss,*) 
58,250AW
L) 
(2,284,196) 
(352.674) 
(580.683)._ca
(7,340) 
(17.420)
(1,796) 
069,9361
(131,080: 
(2,515 
(637,768(: 
(76,923)E
(137,500) 
369 936) 
(131,086)
(2f?P) 
(637,768) 
(76,923)
(137,500) 
- 
(1,306,500 
(16,331 
- 
(1 306 503) 
(16,331 
(4,800,000
(4 800 000 
(5,562,353) 
95,266 
- 
(sr?rgi353)-
95.266 - 
(5,467,087) 
- 
(5 ,467.087). 
(342,850) 
(361.361):
(1%491). 
(18,491): 
(342 850)-
(248,305) 
(315,556) 
(36745 
-248305: 
(342:459: 
(163 3131 
(763.4M 
(246,305): 
c 15.4PP): 
(36,745): 
(1631?M:
(315,556): 
(36,745):
(163,313) 
EFTA00591075
--- PAGE 7 ---
LDB & NARROWS 
ACTUAL JAN - JUN, PROJECTED JUL - DEC 2015 
PREPARED BY R JOSLIN 
JUN 25 2015 
JAN 
FEB 
MAR 
APR 
MAY 
JUN 
JUL 
AUG 
SEP 
OCT 
NOV 
DEC 
TOTAL 
ART - ADVISORY (DH) 
(28,083) 
(28,083) 
(28,083) 
(28,083) 
(28,083) 
(28,083) 
(28,083) 
(28,083) 
(28,083) 
(28,083) 
(28,083) 
(28,083) 
(337,000) 
ART - ADVISORY (GG) 
(16,000) 
(64,000) 
- 
(48,000) 
- 
(48,000) 
-
- 
(176,000) 
ART - ADVISORY (CM) 
(75,000) 
(37,500) 
- 
(37,500) 
(150,000) 
ART - ADVISORY (DH EXP) 
(7,983) 
(6,478) 
(4,800) 
(26,893) 
(9,324) 
(11,164) 
(8,300) 
(8,300) 
(8,300) 
(8,300) 
(8,300) 
(8,300) 
(116,442) 
ART - ADVISORY (SUBLIME) 
(25,000) 
(25,000) 
(2%000) 
(25,000) 
(25,000) 
(25,000) 
(25,000) 
(25,000) 
(25,000) 
(25,000) 
(25,000) 
(25,000) 
(300,000) 
ART - SHIPPING 
(43,098) 
(41,306) 
(5,936) 
(5,215) 
(30,369) 
(2,523) 
(25,000) 
(25,000) 
(25,000) 
(25,000) 
(25,000) 
(25,000) 
(278,447) 
ART - CONSERVATION 
(7,295) 
(4,568) 
(19,179) 
(5,000) 
(5,000) 
(5,000) 
(5,000) 
(5,000) 
(5,000) 
(61,042) 
ART - INSURANCE 
- 
- 
(748,495) 
-
(748,495) 
ART -LEGAL 
(20,000) 
(275) 
(4,240) 
(10,577) 
(10,476) 
(45,568) 
ART - HANDLING 
(31,502) 
(1,607) 
(750) 
(800) 
(1,188) 
(5,866) 
-
- 
(41,713) 
ART - PHOTOG 
(13,467) 
(3,457) 
(1%147) 
(14,762) 
(11,967) 
(2,500) 
(2,500) 
(2,500) 
(2,500) 
(2,500) 
(2,500) 
(73,800) 
ART - MISC 
(6,188) 
(4,431) 
(25) 
(4,841) 
(5,257) 
(150) 
(20,891) 
ART - FRAMING 
(30,567) 
(30,567) 
ART -RESEARCH BOOKS 
(25,057) 
(7,500) 
(7,500) 
(7,500) 
(7,500) 
(7,500) 
(7,500) 
(7,500) 
(77,557) 
(176,429) 
(158,684) 
(84,148) 
(244,621) 
(128,102) 
(875,610) 
(197,509) 
(101,383) 
(101,383) 
(186,883) 
(101,383) 
(101,383) (2,457,520) 
ART EXPENSES 
EFTA00591076
--- PAGE 8 ---
LEON & DEBRA BLACK 
PROJECTED CASH FLOW 
FY2015 
ACTUAL JAN - JUN; PROJECTED JUL - OEC 2015 
IAN 1-15 
PREPARED BY R JOSUN 
IAN 
FY2015 
FY2015 
JAN16 - 31 
JAN 
FEB 
FY2015 
MAR 
FY2015 
APRIL 1-15 
APRIL 
PROPERTY TAX AND INSURANCE 
FY2015 
FY2015 
FY2015 
FY2015 
APRIL 16-30 
APRIL 
MAY 
JUN 
JULY 
FY2015 
AUG 
FY2015 
FY2015 
SEP 
OCF 
FY2015 
NOV 
FY2015 
DEC 
TOTAL 
NET INFLOW 
PROPERTY INSURANCE 
(02,751) 
(165,464) 
(365,949) 
(106,990) 
(71,350) 
(754,504) 
760 Park Ave/ 750 Park Ave 
AUTOMOBILE 
: 
ps 330): 
- 
: 
(55 992)-
: 
- 
: 
- 
: 
(5-5.49?): 
(16,330): 
JEWELRY 
TOWNHOUSE -09455 
BEDFORD - 0945 
SOUTH HAMPTON -0945 
- 
:  
(42,751). 
(165r464  
 J266,559): 
(61,060). 
(108,990) 
(15,356): 
(269459) 
(108,09) 
5160,822) 
(123,811)
REAL ESTATE TAX 
(249,431)  
(150,464 
207 307)
(100274) 
(259801 
(160 072) 
In26.4M 
TOWNHOUSE -MAINT A/C 
(154,464): 
-  - 
(150,831) 
(305,295)• 
BEDFORD-TPS 
149,156); 
p07,307); 
356 46N 
BEDFORD - 0945 
- 
: 
(164,072): 
4164,0i2) 
SOUTH HAMPTON - TPS 
(1C0,274) 
- 
5100,274: 
: 
(„200509) 
SOUTH HAMPTON -0945 
(100,349 
- 
(100,349) 
EFTA00591077
--- PAGE 9 ---
CASH BALANCES (EOM) BY ACCOUNT 
LEON & DEBRA BLACK 
PROJECTED CASH FLOW 
ACTUAL JAN - JUN; PROJECTED JUL- DEC 2015 
PREPARED BY R JOSUN 
FY 2015 
IAN 1-15 
IAN 
FY 2015 
JAN 16 - 31 
JAN 
FY 2015 
FEB 
FY 2015 
MAR 
FY 2015 
APRIL 1-15 
APRIL 
FY 2015 
APRIL 16-30 
APRIL 
FY 2015 
MAY 
FY 2015 
JUN 
FY 2015 
JULY 
FY 2015 
AUG 
FY 2015 
SEP 
FY 2015 
OCT 
FY 2015 
NOV 
FY 2015 
DEC 
CASH - DEBRA - 6140 - US TR 
6,278,887 
6,279,880 
6,280,603 
6,280,603 
7,731227 
7,733292 
7,734,080 
7,734,080 
7,734,020 
7,73%080 
7,730,080 
7,734,080 
7,734,080 
7,734,080 
CASH - MELANIE POA - USIA 
6,341201 
5,726,002 
3,796,465 
1,680,023 
1,264283 
1,259,133 
3,044,520 
3,225,077 
3037,258 
2,84%040 
2,585,822 
2,397,603 
2,209,386 
1,946,167 
CASH - TPS IS493) 
741,082 
95,540 
66,406 
234,451 
734,451 
262.323 
622,934 
857,934 
282,934 
307,934 
282,934 
257,934 
232,934 
207,934 
CASH - HOUSEHOLD 6296 
73,004 
9,787 
14,195 
7,002 
207,002 
129.376 
70,675 
49,779 
10%112 
16%445 
224,778 
283,111 
341,444 
399,777 
CASH - NY 70 MAI NT A/C 
60,000 
50200 
50,000 
5,536 
5,536 
5.536 
5,536 
705 
705 
705 
705 
705 
705 
705 
CASH - LEON 6273 
3,116 
144,930 
125,496 
92,572 
92,572 
27.987 
124,230 
124,230 
12%230 
12%230 
124230 
124,230 
124,230 
124,230 
CASH - JOINT - 0945 - US TR 
4,741.280 
8,919,173 
6,915,787 
42,282,122 
17,437,701 
21,740,153 
13,794,719 
22,696,346 
2%770,503 
29,74%562 
28,408.367 
24,653,595 
17,261,232 
21,230,200 
CASH - DEBRA (IPM) - 2465 
6,201,644 
6,201,737 
6,201,790 
%201,83B 
6,20123B 
6,201,891 
6,201,942 
6,201,942 
6,201,902 
6201,942 
6,201,942 
6,201,942 
6,201,942 
6,201,942 
CASH - LEON 0PM) -1534 
131221 
131,246 
131,246 
131,246 
131246 
131246 
131,246 
131,246 
131,246 
131,246 
131246 
131,246 
131,246 
131,246 
CASH -LEON 0PM) - BOOS 
1,000,297 
1,000,297 
1,000,297 
1,000,297 
1,030,297 
1,000297 
1,000,297 
1,000,297 
1,000,297 
1,000,297 
1,000297 
1,000,297 
1,000,297 
1,000,297 
CASH - JUDY TRUST - 7203 
1,745288 
1,746,588 
1,745,588 
838,433 
838433 
838,433 
1,338,433 
336,064 
336,064 
336,060 
36,064 
36,064 
36,064 
136,064 
CASH -OFD 
794 
36,794 
300,048 
300,048 
300048 
300,048 
300,048 
30%008 
300,048 
30%0413 
300,048 
30:1,048 
300,008 
300,048 
27,308,712 
30,340,013 
26,627,921 
59,058,230 
36,64%132 
39,629,714 
34,228,720 
42,658,147 
45,031,459 
48,901,592 
47,030.512 
43,120,865 
35,573,607 
39,412,690 
EFTA00591078
--- PAGE 10 ---
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS 
CASH PROJECTIONS 
FY 2015 
FY2015 
FY2015 
FY 201.5 
FY 201S 
FY 2015 
FY2015 
FY2015 
FY2015 
FY2015 
FY2015 
FY2015 
FY 2015 
PREPARED BY R JOSUN 
TOTAL 
JUN 30 2015 
IAN 
FEB 
MAR 
APR 
MAY 
JUN 
IAN 
AUG 
SEP 
OCT 
NOV 
DEC 
INFLOWS 
APOLLO RELATED: 
2/27/23 
4/15/15 
5.130/15 
6/1/15 
8/30/15 
11/30/15 
APO DISTRJBUTION PER SH 
0.116 
0.33 
APO DISTRIBUTION - PUBLIC 
745,361 - 
599 965 
090,866 - 
30599,965 • 
178,036,157 
ADO CORP TAX DISTRIB 
GROSS UP - D111 TO AP PROFESSIONALS 
91332,232  
9,33 232 
TRA 
541,347 
17541,347 
INVESTMENT RELATED: 
DISTRIB (LP) - APOLLO CO-INVESTORS IV LLC 
19,281 
19,281 
DISTRI8 (LP) - APOLLO CO-INVESTORS VI IA) LLC 
2,134,661 
1,712,177 
3,846,838 
DISTRIB (LPI AP TECHNOLOGY 
26,250 
26,250 
DISTRIB (LP) - WOLFENSOHN 
480.091 
480,091 
DISTRIB (LP) - TENFORE 
57,333 
57,333 
DISTRI8 (LP) - KNOWLEDGE UNIVERSE UQUIDATION 
3,933.826 
1.800808 
5,733,826 
DISTRIB (LP) - KNOWLEDGE UNIVERSE UQUIDATION - PROPCO 
7,800808 
7,000,030 
DISTRIB (LP) - ICAO 
305,000 
176,135 
479,135 
SALE - K12 INC (IAN) 
557,630 
967.237 
1.524,867 
SALE & DISTRIB & FEE - SUSTAINABLE WOODLANDS 
694,938 ; 
(161 446)-
15,533,493 
SALE T-INK 
110 1C0  
110 100 
REDEMPTION- LOAN CASCADE 
0013003 : 
10000,000 
REDEMPTION-APOLLO VIF (En 3/31/15) 
801 600 
5,801,604 
REDEMPTION - KING ST (SIDE POCKET) 
5,449 . 
51,119 
56,567 
DIVIDEND - AJNV 
120,726: 
120,726  
120 726  
120.726 
4132,906 
INTEREST-Esww 
150,568 
150,568 
INTEREST- LOAN TO FIJI LLC 
/22985 
1,230 
INTEREST -LOAN TO LDS 
55,900  
55,900 
LOAN REPAYMENT - PHAIDON GLOBAL 
5,961,093 
6,060,000 
4.550.80 
16511,093 
INT REPAY - PLR/ BFP 
38,640 
• 
38,640 
HERITAGE PAYMENT 
962,012 
127,695.i 
089,707 
TOTAL INFLOWS 
25,983098 
79.589,403 
981,293 
35,785,608 
41,250,410 
1,942,212 
7,087,963 
37.218,561 
120,726 
35,149,965 
8,800,000 
273,909,239 
OUTFLOWS (EXCL. DISTRIBUTIONS TO LP'S) 
CAPITAL CALL - FCI II 
192 874 - 
526,919)-
- 
(1 285 826) 
(642,913)-
- 
1-
)1 1B 
• 
(5,898 532 
CAPITAL CALL - COF CO-INVEST III 
284 874): 
459,237): 
(598,721): 
(9°9 823): .... (6611.2.4?,1  
mm 
.1,1,125,000 
)Soo mo): ...... (sPPRF 
(5,015073 
[ANTAL CALL -ATHENE 
(41,6130,000): 
(41,600,000 
CAPITAL CALL-TENFORE 
(16,817)-
(39,749): 
(25000D)-
(306,566 
CAPITAL CALL - HAO 
(60,003): 
(60,000 
CAPITAL CALL -CURATON MEDIA 
(650,000): 
1325,060)  
(1.303,030 
FAMILY OFFICE 
(270,003): 
(531,003): 
(411,901 
(511AcI): ...... (!'?VP?) 
.... 
(540,000):
(540,000 
(.557#13°R 
(557,000)1
(557,000 
(5,915,000 
LEGAL( ACCOUNT NG/ PROF FEB 
(WOW): 
(moo° 
MI SC 
(9s)? 
145).
(1137) 
(710) 
(1.687 
TOTAL OUTFLOWS (EXCL. DISTRIB. TO LP'S) 
(824.660) 
(2.077.919) 
(470,237) 
(43,399,515) 
(1,732,663) 
(2.424,446) 
(1,436,418) 
(1.290,000) 
(2,165,000) 
(1,057,000) 
(2,182,0001 
(1,057,000) 
(60,116,857 
DISTRIBUTIONS TO UMITED PARTNERS 
125.000.000) 
(55,000,000) 
(26,873,578) 
(30,600,000) 
(37,090,866) 
(30,599,965) 
(205,164,408 
NET CASH BY MONTH 
158.438 
77,511.484 
(54,488,944) 
(34,487485) 
39,517,747 
(31,092,233) 
5,651,545 
11.162,305) 
12,165,000) 
1936,274) 
2,368,000 
7,743,000 
8,627,973 
CASH BALANCE 
18,275,692 
95,787,176 
41,298,232 
6,810,747 
46,328,494 
15,246,260 
20,897,806 
19,735,501 
17,570,501 
16,634,227 
19,002,227 
26,745,227 
EFTA00591079
--- PAGE 11 ---
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC 
PROJECTED CASH FLOW 
JUN 30 2015 
INFLOWS 
NARROWS PURCHASE PRICE ADJ - APO 1 
ART SALES 
FY 2015 
JAN 
85,000 
FY 2015 
FEB 
FY 2015 
MAR 
601,013 
FY 2015 
APRIL 
FY 2015 
MAY 
FY 2015 
JUN 
FY 2015 
JULY 
FY 2015 
AUG 
6,500,000 
FY 2015 
SEP 
FY 2015 
OCT 
FY 2015 
NOV 
FY 2015 
DEC 
TOTAL 
NET INFLOW 
7,186,013 
CAPITAL CONTRIB 
5,630,000 
3,233,550 
23,000,000 
34,500,000 
28,750,000 
95,113,550 
TOTAL INFLOWS 
85,000 
5,630,000 601,013 
3,233,550 
23,000,000 
34,500,000 
6,500,000 
28,750,000 
102,299,563 
OUTLOWS 
REIMBURSEMENT -APO 1 
(3,233,550) 
(3,233,550) 
ART EXPENSE - INSURANCE 
NARROWS PURCHASE PRICE ADJ - APO 1 
MARTIN PURYEAR 
(1,469,813) 
(1,469,813) 
CALIARI & CARRACCI 
(4,641,000) 
(4,641,000) 
PLACEHOLDER - FINE ART (1031) 
(6,500,000) 
(6,500,000) 
PICASSO - BUSTE DE FEMME 
(23,000,000) (34,500,000) 
(28,750,000) 
(86,250,000) 
ART - EXPENSES 
(16,000) 
(139,300) 
(34,124) 
(32,263) (103,626) 
(7,500) 
(7,500) 
(93,000) 
(7,500) 
(7,500) 
(448,313) 
TOTAL OUTFLOWS 
(6,126,813) 
(3,372,850) (23,034,124) (34,532,263) (103,626) (6,507,500) 
(7,500) (28,843,000) 
(7,500) 
(7,500) (102,542,675) 
NET IN(OUT)FLOWS 
85,000 
(496,813) 601,013 
(139,300) 
(34,124) 
(32,263) (103,626) 
(7,500) 
(7,500) 
(93,000) 
(7,500) 
(7,500) 
(243,112) 
CASH BALANCE 
541,573 
44,760 645,773 
506,473 
472,349 
440,086 
336,460 
328,960 
321,460 
228,460 
220,960 
213,460 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00591080
--- PAGE 12 ---
APO 1 (INC LOB 2011 LLC/ LBF HOLDINGS) 
PROJECTED CASH FLOW 
JUN 30 2015 - R JOSLIN 
INFLOWS 
INT INCOME - LOB REAPYM ENT 
INT INCOME 
INT INCOME-INTERCO 
DIVIDEND INC 
SALE - VECTOR GROUP SHS 
DISTRIB (LP) - AP TECHNOLOGY 
DISTRIB (LP) - APOLLO CREDIT OPP FUND I 
DISTRIB (LP) - FCI INVESTORS I (LDB 2011 LLC) 
TRANSFER FROM NARROWS 
TOTAL INFLOWS 
DISBURSEMENTS 
FY2015 
JAN 
1,425 
148,021 
402,631 
FY2015 
FEB 
1,286 
30,182 
FY2015 
MAR 
6,737,737 : 
1,504 : 
121,140 • 
357,894 
FY2015 
FY2015 
APRIL 
MAY 
FY2015 
JUN 
6,812,601 
383 
2,259 
345,376 
FY2015 
FY2015 
JULY 
AUG 
751 :  
17.802  -  
144,790 - 
345,376 - 
FY2015 
SEP 
6,887,460 
FY2015 
OCT 
144,790 
FY2015 
NOV 
FY2015 
DEC 
6,887,464 
1,000,000 
FY 2015 
TOTAL 
27,325,266 
39,990 
17.802 
582,643 
182,009 
114.420 
842,074 
1,760,525 
3,233,550 
- : 
34,641: 
144 790 - 
253  ; 
L
179,749
114 420 - 
L 
3,233,550 - 
552,077 
31,468 
7,218,275 
3,672,509 
34,894 
7,160,619 
508,719 
6,887,464 
144,790 
7,887,464 
34,098,278 
TOWNHOUSE - REMAINDER INTEREST 
CAPITAL CALL - SEARCHLIGHT 
- 
: 
(359 894)-
$761:1349 :, 
(92,422): 
(160 550)-
MI:4MM  
(1,937,183) 
(629,036)  
(4,415,347) 
(612,866) 
CAPITAL - AP NARROWS 
PURCHASE CLASS B INTEREST - AP NARROWS 
{2.003.0001:  
(2,000,000)
PHAIDON PRESS 
ACTUAL 
(1,700 0001-
(1,700,000) 
REGAN ARTS 
ACTUAL 
(1,750,000). 
- 
(2,900,000)-
(4,650,000)
DISTRIB-BEN 
LOAN REPAYMENT - DRB - PHAIDON/ REGAN ARTS 
LOAN PHAIDON GLOBAL 
- BFP - PRINCIPAL) 
LOAN PHAIDON GLOBAL (REFI - BFP - INTEREST) 
il•PC/L9°°/' 
(Se9P93): 
(38,640): 
(;???‘9921: 
ffic.c9M91: 
(4 550 000): 
(3,203,000) 
(1,000,000) 
(16 511 093) 
(38,640) 
INTEREST - 2011 TRUSTS 
(1,5fit,410)  
(1,566,4101
SALES / USE TAX 
ART INSURANCE/ FRAMING 
fa 7561 
(66,332) 
• 
(61,840): 
(3,??Mtn; 
(140,000) 
(3,930,023) 
(268,172) 
FINE ART 
(38,609F 
(3,184,678) 
13,223,286)
VALUATION, LEGAL, ACCOUNTING 
P8I9.381 
(38 938) 
TOTAL DISBURSEMENTS 
(368,685) 
(105,270) 
(8,811,573) 
(4,756,727) 
(4,760450) 
(4,751,087) 
(12,344,699) 
(2,077,183) 
(4,550,000) 
(629,036) 
(43,154,811) 
NET CASH BY MONTH 
183,392 
(73,802) 
(1,593,299) 
(1,084,219) 
(4,72%656) 
2,409,532 
(11,835,980) 
4,810,282 
144,790 
(4,550,000) 
7,258,428 
(9,056,532) 
CASH BALANCE 
31,217,507 
31,143,706 
29,550,407 
28,466,188 
23,740432 
26,150,064 
14,314,084 
14,314,084 
19,124,366 
19,269,155 
14,719,155 
21,977,583 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00591081
--- PAGE 13 ---
APO 2 
PROJECTED CASH FLOWS 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
PREPARED BY R JOSLIN 
JUN 30 2015 
JAN 
FEB 
MAR 
APRIL 
MAY 
BFP 
BFP 
BFP 
DISTRIB 
DISTRIB 
DISTRIB 
BFP DISTRIBUTION DATE 
3/2/2015 
4/15/2015 
5/29/2014 
INFLOWS 
FY 2015 
JUN 
BFP 
DISTRIB 
6/1/2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
JULY 
AUG 
SEP 
BFP 
DISTRIB 
8/7/2014 
FY 2015 
OCT 
FY 2015 
NOV 
BFP 
DISTRIB 
11/7/2014 
FY 2015 
DEC 
FY 2015 
TOTAL 
BFP DISTRIBUTIONS 
3,137,147 
902 384 
3/372,577 
3,840,231 : 
654 826 
3,840,231 
25,747696 
SALE - 101 WARREN ST 
4,061,810  
4,061,810 
DISTRIB (LP) - QUADRANGLE 
204.025 
109.139 : 
313.164 
DISTRIB (LP) - BLUE STAR 
5,997 
5,997 
DISTRIB (LP) - M RELATED 
45,500 
45,500: 
45,500 
45,500 - 
182,000 
ARTSPACE 
350,000 
350,000 
MISC INFLOWS 
260 
228 
349 
795 
405 
2,038 
TOTAL INFLOWS 
7,25;014 
228 
902 733 
927,398 
45,905 : 
3/949,370 
45,500 
4,654,826 
45500: 
231 : 
662 706 
DISBURSEMENTS 
DISTRIBUTION TO DRB 
:  (10,000,000) 
(10,000,000) 
LOAN REPAYMENT - DRB - ARTSPACE 
(451,000): 
(451,000)
ARTSPACE 
(350,000+ 
(1,250 000) 
(6,556!: 
975,000! 
- 
(250,000); 
(2,831556) 
PHAIDON PRESS 
: 
(340,000): 
(340,000)
REGAN ARTS 
(2,150,000) 
(2 150 000) 
INTEREST - LBF HOLDINGS 
(17,802) 
(17,802)
SH MEADOW - CONSTRUCTION 
(700,000) 
(2,500,000) 
(2,484,546): 
(5,684,546)
SH MEADOW - REAL ESTATE TAX  
(15,454);
(60,000) 
(75,454)
MIAMI PROPERTY ACQUISITION  
(250,000) 
(250,000):
:  
(8 250 000) 
(8,750,000)
USE TAX 
0'4,0631  
(2th96. 
FINE ART 
(3,157) 
(3,157)
ART INSURANCE 
(206 000): 
(206,000)
DISTRIB TO ALEX BLACK 
(9,500) 
(9,500) 
(9,500) 
(9.500) 
(9,500): 
(9,500): 
(9,500) 
(9,500) 
(9.500): 
(9,500): 
(9,500): 
(95 00) 
(114,000)
LEGAL & ACCOUNTING FEES 
(20,000)  
(12,167)  
(03)-
(33,070)
MISC OUTFLOWS/ EXPENSES 
(12,012) 
(33,239)- 
(333):j
(13,535) 
(59,119) 
TOTAL DISBURSEMENTS 
(10,721,512) 
(29,500) 
(2,862,657) 
(1,966,730) 
(49,295) 
(2,510,736) 
(1,265,837) 
(2,159,500) 
(215,500) 
(849,500) 
(9,500) 
(8,319,500) 
(30,959,767) 
NET CASH BY MONTH 
(297,062) 
(3,470,498) 
(29,272) 
4,040,076 
1,960,668 
(3,390) 
1,438,634 
(1,220,337) 
2,495,326 
(215,500) 
(804,000) 
3,830,731 
(8,319,500) 
CASH BALANCE 
10,075,355 
10,046,083 
14,086,159 
16,046,827 
16,043,438 
17,482,072 
16,261,735 
18,757,060 
18,541,560 
17,737,560 
21,568,292 
13,248,792 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00591082
--- PAGE 14 ---
LDB 2014 LLC 
PROJECTED CASH FLOWS 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
FY 2015 
JUN 30 2015 
TOTAL 
INFLOWS 
JAN 
FEB 
MAR 
APRIL 
MAY 
JUN 
JULY 
AUG 
SEP 
OCT 
NOV 
DEC 
1/9/2015 
3/2/2015 
5/28/2015 
6/1/2015 
8/28/2015 
11/28/2015 
CASH ON HAND 
INFLOWS 
BF P DISTRIBUTION 
1,792,125 
3,942,675 
1,926,432 
2,193,559 
2,658,859 
2,193,558 
14,707,208 
REPAY ME NT - LOA N • LDB 
6,000,000 
6,000,000 
INTEREST INCOME 
7,077 
7,077 
1,792,125 
3,942,675 
7,933,509 
2,193,559 
2,658,859 
2,193,558 
20,714,285 
DISBURSEMENTS 
LOAN • LDB 
(6,000,000) 
(6,000,000) 
INVESTMENT • ARCADIA BEACON II 
(2,010,000) 
(2,000,000) 
(990,000) 
(5,000,000) 
PROFESS FEES • MILLIMAN 
(36,174) 
(5,610) 
(41,784) 
(6,000,000) 
(36,174) 
(2,015,610) 
(2,000,000) 
(990,000) 
(11,041,784) 
NET CASH BY MONTH 
(4,207,875) 
3,942,675 
7,897,335 
(2,015,610) 
2,193,559 
2,658,859 
(2,000,000) 
2,193,558 
(990,000) 
9,672,501 
CASH BALANCE 
5,575,225 
5,575,225 
9,517,900 
17,415,235 
15,399,625 
17,593,184 
17,593,184 
20,252,043 
18,252,043 
18,252,043 
20,445,601 
19,455,601 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00591083

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591084.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591084.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 35363475 E-Filed 12/09/2015 05:02:36 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: CACE 15-000072 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and 
PAUL G. CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs/Counterclaim Defendants, 
vs. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant/Counterclaim Plaintiff. 
DEFENDANT/COUNTERCLAIM PLAINTIFF ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ'S 
OBJECTIONS AND RESPONSES TO PLAINTIFFS' 
FIFTH REQUEST TO PRODUCE 
Defendant/Counterclaim Plaintiff, Alan M. Dershowitz ("Defendant"), submits the 
following objections and responses to the Plaintiffs' Fifth Request to Produce ("Document 
Requests") propounded by Plaintiffs/Counterclaim Defendants Bradley J. Edwards and Paul G. 
Cassell ("Plaintiffs"): 
SPECIFIC RESPONSES AND OBJECTIONS TO REQUESTS 
1. 
Every newspaper account and blog upon which
 contend kelied in stating during 
an interview aired on CNN that she [referring to 
also known as Jane 
Doe #3] said that Bill Clinton was with her at an orgy on Jeffrey [Epstein's] island. 
RESPONSE: 
Defendant objects to this Document Request on the grounds that it appears to be seeking 
information that is obtainable only through the issuance of a contention interrogatory pursuant to 
Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.340. Defendant further objects to this Document Request 
EFTA00591084
--- PAGE 2 ---
because it seeks documents that are already in Plaintiffs' possession and/or that are publicly 
available. Defendant also objects to this Document Request to the extent it attempts to impose 
obligations beyond the scope of Rule 1.280 of the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, which 
permits parties to request documents "that are in the possession, custody, or control of the party 
to whom the request is directed." Defendant did not collect documents that might be responsive 
to this Request before he made the statement referenced in this Document Request, and nothing 
in Rule 1.280 requires him to collect such documents from the public domain after the fact. 
Subject to and without waiving the foregoing objections, Defendant will produce any newspaper 
accounts and/or blog entries that Defendant may identify during the course of discovery as 
relevant to the statement referenced in this Document Request. 
2. 
Ever source of information upon which you have relied in publicly stating that 
ever stated that Stephen Hawking was a participant in an orgy. 
RESPONSE: 
Defendant objects to this Document Request on the grounds that it appears to be seeking 
information that is obtainable only through the issuance of a contention interrogatory pursuant to 
Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.340. Defendant further objects to this Document Request 
because it seeks documents that are already in Plaintiffs' possession and/or that are publicly 
available. Defendant further objects to this Document Request to the extent it attempts to impose 
obligations beyond the scope of Rule 1.280 of the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, which 
permits requests only of documents "that are in the possession, custody, or control of the party to 
whom the request is directed." Defendant did not collect documents that might be responsive to 
this Request before he made the statement referenced in this Document Request, and nothing in 
Rule 1.280 requires him to collect such documents from the public domain after the fact. Subject 
EFTA00591085
--- PAGE 3 ---
to and without waiving the foregoing objections, Defendant will produce any documents that 
Defendant may identify during the course of discovery as relevant to the statement referenced in 
this Document Request. 
3. 
All telephone records, notes, and documents* of any description which describe, relate 
to, fix the date and time of and/or concern the duration of any and all communications by you 
and/or any one acting on your behalf with the individuals referenced in your deposition of 
October 15, 2015 s [sic] Michael and Rebecca. 
RESPONSE: 
Defendant objects to the definition of "Documents" to the extent that it seeks the 
production of things beyond the scope of Rule 1.280 of the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure. 
Defendant further objected to the definition of "Documents" to the extent that it seeks "electronic 
data as well as application metadata and system metadata" and "inventories and rosters of your 
information technology (IT) systems — e.g., hardware, software and data, including but not 
limited to network drawings, lists of computing devices (servicers, PCs, laptops, PDAs, cell 
phones, with data storage and/or transmission features), programs, data maps and security tools 
and protocols" as overly broad and unduly burdensome. Defendant further objects to this 
Document Request on the basis that it seeks information that is not relevant to any of the claims 
or defenses in this action and is not reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible 
evidence. Defendant also objects to this Document Request because it calls for the production of 
information that is protected by the attorney-client privilege, the work product doctrine, and/or 
the common interesUjoint defense doctrine. 
Moreover, because all of the documents and 
communications sought by this Document Request were created on or after December 30, 2014, 
Prof. Dershowitz will not be logging any of the communications or documents protected by the 
attorney-client privilege, the work product doctrine, and/or the common interest/joint defense 
EFTA00591086
--- PAGE 4 ---
doctrine because it would be unduly burdensome and because the log itself would unfairly 
provide Plaintiffs with information about Defendant's ongoing defense activities. Defendant 
further responds that he will not produce any documents in response to this Request other than 
the unofficial transcripts (AD-006931 to AD-006933) and the audio recordings that were 
previously produced to Plaintiffs. 
Respectfully submitted, 
/s/ Thomas E. Scott 
Thomas E. Scott, Esq. 
Florida Bar No. 14 100 
Steven R. Safra, Esq. 
Florida Bar No. 057028 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Dadeland Centre II, 14th Floor 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33156 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Richard A. Sim son try hac vice) 
Ma E. Bo 'a ro hoc vice) 
Ashley E. Eiler 
(pro hac vice) 
WILEY REIN LLP 
1776 K Street, NW 
Washin ton 
20006 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Counsel for Alan M. Dershowitz 
EFTA00591087
--- PAGE 5 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing has been furnished by electronic mail 
(email) 
at 
email 
address: 
to: Jack Scarola, Esq, Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A., Counsel for Plaintiff, 2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., West Palm Beach, Florida 33409, as 
well as 
to: Joni J. Jones, Esq., Assistant Utah Attorney General, Counsel 
for Plaintiff Cassell, 160 East 300 South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84114, and I electronically filed 
the foregoing with the Clerk of Broward County by using the Florida Courts eFiling Portal this 
9'h day of December, 2015. 
By: s/Thomas E. Scott 
THOMAS E. SCOTT 
FBN: 149100 
EFTA00591088

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591089.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591089.pdf
----------------------------------------
BFP-REVOLVING LINE OF CREDIT 
CLOSING DOCUMENTS -SEPTEMBER 6, 2013 
Tab 
Loan Agreement 
Pledge And Guaranty 
• 
Pledge Agreement 
A 
• 
Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty 
• 
UCC Financing Statement 
• 
Sotheby's Valuation 
• 
Certificate of Insurance 
E 
• 
Lien Search and Results of Lien Search 
F 
Black Family Partners, L.P., Lender 
• 
Limited Partnership Agreement 
A 
• 
LLC Operating Agreement of Black Family GP, LLC 
• 
Resolutions authorizing the credit facility 
Phaidon Global, LLC, Borrower 
• 
Limited Liability Company Agreement 
A 
• 
Certificate of Formation 
• 
Limited Liability Company Agreement ofJMWT Manager LLC 
• 
Certificate of Formation of JWMT Manager LLC 
• 
Resolutions authorizing the credit facility 
fi
Black Family 1997 Trust, Guarantor 
• 
Trust Authority Letter 
A 
• 
Black Family 1997 Trust Agreement 
Repayment of Lloyds Bank 
• Letter from Lloyds Bank with Terms of Overdraft Facility 
A 
• 
Corporate Guarantee by PL and PPL 
• 
Certificate of the Registration of a Mortgage or Charge 
• 
Discharge of Debenture 
• Companies House Satisfaction of a Charge 
EFTA00591089
--- PAGE 2 ---
BFP-REVOLVING LINE OF CREDIT 
CLOSING DOCUMENTS -SEPTEMBER 6, 2013 
Substitution of Guarantor-APO2 Declaration May , 2013 
• 
Trust Authority Letter to Paul Weiss 
• 
Trust Authority Letter to PFP 
• 
Evidence of Continued Insurance Coverage of Art Collateral 
• 
Consent, Assignment, Assumption and Omnibus Amendment Agreement 
• 
Waiver and Consent to temporary loan of Art Collateral 
• 
Lien Search and Results of Lien Search 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
EFTA00591090

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591091.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591091.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
INVOICE 
Generated: Thu. 09 July 2015 07:53:33 
Page I of 3 
Travel Arrangements for GRASSI/OLIMPIA 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket Information for 
Charges 
Airline Name 
Alitalia C.A.I. S.P.A. 
Ticket Date 
09/07/2015 
Total Charged to American Express 
514.00 
Ticket Number 
7663666920 
Invoice 
1925167 
Electronic 
Yes 
Ticket Base Fare 
436.00 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
78.00 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
514.00 
Ticket Information for 
Charges 
Airline Name 
Alitalia C.A.I. S.P.A. 
Ticket Date 
09107/2015 
Total Charged to American Express 
514.00 
Ticket Number 
7663666921 
Invoice 
1925167 
Electronic 
Yes 
Ticket Base Fare 
436.00 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
78.00 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
514.00 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Friday 10 Jul 15 
CITIZENS OF ITALY MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Alitalla C.A.I. S.P.A. 
AZ348 
Rome. Leonardo da Vinci International (Fiumicino) 
Nice. Cote D'azur International Airport 
09:50 AM 
11:00AM 
Terminal 1 
Terminal 2 
B Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Number of Stops 
Hr 10 Mins 
Airbus Industrie A318/A319/A320/ 
A321 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 3 
Invoice JMSGOS 
a
lV.'EFtICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00591091
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Additional Messages 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wvnv.alliartz.com Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to tie terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includng. without imitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodicity review minv.Vsacentralcom for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel 
destnation. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Air Transportation Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit rittp://myamextravelcom/statickonditions for more information. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carnage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints, lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit http:.,,Wiaw faa.g";.' atout,i 
a:J.;es.'hazmat sated. 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or 
indirectly. from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations, accidents a 
failures of equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities. cive 
unrest. stokes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public intemeL telecommunications lines or faciblies. or third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you ki finding travel suppliers and maltrig arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppiers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
censer suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncenbves for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and succoring technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are sulaect to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA- This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your daim 
and a $35 processeig fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: a by 
visiting TCRC's website at: wwetcrenfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
Page 2 of 3 
Invoice JtilSGOS 
d: EPoliW 
:C.:PRESS 
EFTA00591092
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
California CSTe1022318. Washington UBINS00-469-694. Iowa TA#002. 
AMERICAN 
EXPRESS 
Page 3 of 3 
Invoke JMSGQS 
EFTA00591093

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591094.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591094.pdf
----------------------------------------
Black Family Partners, L.P. 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 
WHEREAS, the undersigned, Leon D. Black, as Trustee of the APO I 
GRAT (the "Assignor") under Agreement dated October 25, 2013 (the "Agreement"), 
owns a limited partnership interest (the "Partnership Interest") in Black Family Partners, 
L.P. (the "Partnership"). 
WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.1 of the Partnership's Agreement of 
Limited Partnership dated May 17, 2007, as amended (the "Partnership Agreement"), a 
partner may assign, exchange, transfer or otherwise dispose of such partner's interest at 
any time, without the prior written consent of any other partner, provided however that 
the transferee of such interest shall become a partner and a substituted limited partner of 
the Partnership only with the written consent of Black Family GP, LLC, the general 
partner (the "General Partner") of the Partnership and upon such transferee's assumption 
of the terms and conditions of the Partnership Agreement. 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Assignor is 
required to pay to Leon D. Black (the "Assignee") the Annuity Amount (as defined in 
paragraph 3 below) as of the date hereof. 
WHEREAS, in partial satisfaction of the Annuity Amount, the Assignor 
has paid to Leon D. Black the Cash Distribution (as defined in paragraph 3 below). 
WHEREAS, the Assignor wishes to assign such portion of its Partnership 
Interest as shall equal the In-Kind Annuity Amount (as defined in paragraph 3 below) 
together with the corresponding portion of the Assignor's capital account pertaining 
thereto (the "In-Kind Annuity Interest"), to the Assignee. 
NOW THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 
I. 
The Assignor hereby irrevocably assigns to the Assignee the In-Kind 
Annuity Interest. 
2. 
The Assignee, hereby acknowledges receipt of the In-Kind Annuity 
Interest, accepts the same and agrees to be bound by all the terms and conditions of the 
Partnership Agreement, with the same force and effect as, and as if, the Assignee was 
originally a partner thereof. 
3. 
For all purposes hereunder: 
a. 
The words "Annuity Amount" shall mean an amount equal to 
46.72702% of the Funding Amount (as defined in this paragraph 3), as divided by four 
(4). 
Dee: t1:31:9147319v2 
EFTA00591094
--- PAGE 2 ---
b. 
The words "Cash Distribution" shall mean the sum of Forty-Seven 
Million Dollars ($47,000,000). 
c. 
The words "Funding Amount" shall mean an amount equal to the 
fair market value of a 37.75% limited partnership interest in the Partnership as of October 
25, 2013, as determined by Empire Valuation Consultants. 
d. 
The words "In-Kind Annuity Amount" shall mean an amount 
equal to the Annuity Amount reduced by the Cash Distribution. 
4. 
The Assignee is entitled to share in distributions from the Partnership in 
respect of the In-Kind Annuity Interest commencing as of the date hereof. 
5. 
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, 
without giving effect to the choice of law provisions thereof, and shall be binding upon 
the undersigned, their heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereby execute this Assignment 
and Assumption Agreement as of the 24th day of January, 2014. 
APOI GRAT, Assignor 
By: 
Leon D. Black, Trustee 
— L9 
ii3/&
/
Leon D. Black, Assignee 
The Manager, on behalf of Black Family GP, LLC, the General Partner of Black Family 
Partners, L.P., hereby consents to the admission of Leon D. Black as a partner of the 
Partnership and recognizes Leon D. Black as a substituted limited partner with respect to 
the In-Kind Annuity Interest as of the date of this Assignment and Assumption 
Agreement. 
Black Family GP, LLC, General Partner 
By: 
) 3/
Leon D. Black, Manager 
Dora: USI1 I 47319v2 
Assignment from APOI GRAT to I.con D Black 
EFTA00591095

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591096.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591096.pdf
----------------------------------------
JDG 
Jaredian Design Group 
Architects, Engineers and Construction Managers 
5131 RAADITS GADI, SLIT( 14, Sr. inonns. U. S. VOICIN ISLANDS 008026900 • POSI O111O Bot 6218, St. TO•3u.O. U. S. %facts 1sta5os 00804.6218 
E•MAII 
www.jaredian.com 
June 15, 2017 
Mr. Jeffery Epstein 
Owner 
Nautilus, Inc 
6100 Red Hook Qr., Suite B3 
St. Thomas, Virgin Islands 00802 
Via E-mail: 
RE: Bid evaluations for maintainance, generator. and R.O. Buildings 
Dear Mr. Epstein, 
The Jaredian Deign Group is in receipt of four proposals for General construction in connection 
with the Maintainance, Generator, and the R.O Buildings, as designed by the Jaredian Design 
Group in 2015. One of the four proposals was originally submitted to you through Brice Gordon 
by SSVI-Expert Builders. The other three proposals were submitted by the following contractor; 
APEX Constructions, Balbo Construction and Custom Builders. All three of those Bidders are 
experienced General Contractors in the US Virgin Islands with more than 30 years' experience 
each. 
Apex Construction has worked on such projects as Elysian Beach Resort, Eldra Schultebrandt 
Mental Health Facility, The VITEMA Headquarters, and many Luxury Residences, including the 
residence of Mr. & Mrs. Mulo Alwani. 
Custom Builders have completed many projects including Peace Corps / Bowsky Elementary 
School, Fort Christian Restoration, and the Hebrew Congregation Synagogue on ST. Thomas. 
The Synagogue received recognition Nationally for Historic Restoration. 
Balbo Construction has worked on Bertha C. Boschulte Middle School, Charles Tumbull 
Regional Library, Virgin Islands Public Finance Authority Offices, and many other luxury 
residences including the residence of the former Governor Roy L. Schneider. All three 
contractors have received recognition for excellence in construction. Custom Builders, as 
referenced before, received recognition for the Hebrew Congregation's restoration of the 
Synagogue, Balbo Construction for the VI Public Finance Authority Office Building and Apex 
Construction for the restoration of Lieutenant Governor Office Building on St. Thomas. 
Bid Evaluations for Generator & R. O. Buildings on Little St. James. U. S. Virgin islands 
Joredian Design Group 
June 15, 2017 
EFTA00591096
--- PAGE 2 ---
The bids received are as follows: 
Generator and R.O Buildings 
Apex Construction: $ 670,267.00 
Balbo Construction: $ 981,212.24 
Custom Builders: $1,196,147.00 
SSVI Expert Builders: $566,795.00 
Maintainance Buildings 
Apex Construction: No Bid provided. 
Balbo Construction: $ 819,478.76 
Custom Builders: $1,478,8016.00 
SSVI Expert Builders: No Bid provided. 
The cost of the steel structure, exterior steel siding, and doors are not included in any of the 
Bidder responses. Buck Steel is the manufacturer that will be providing those materials and will 
be delivering them to the site location on Little Saint James. The Buck Steel estimates for each 
site location is $126,640 for the Generator and R.O. Buildings, and $106,850.00 for the 
maintainance building. The Buck Steel cost for each site will be increased by $5,250.00 for 
stamped structure engineering drawings. 
The four bids received shows a wide discrepancy in cost. We believe this is a result of how 
each particular contractor interprets the risk involved in doing construction on Little St. James. 
Construction logistics are always going to be difficult on an offshore Cay. The interview that I 
conducted with the contractors reveals that APEX Construction and SSVI have experience 
working on Little St. James and Great St. James. Their experience probably contributes to the 
large difference between their cost and the proposals of the other two bidders. APEX 
Construction also indicated that they were familiar with the drawings presented to them 
previously, probably by Brice Gordon. 
The three contractors that prices were solicited from by the Jaredian Design Group, have the 
necessary qualifications to construct these buildings. However, we are uncertain if SSVI Expert 
Builders, has the necessary qualifications at this time. Therefore, we recommend that you 
consider the selection of APEX Construction for the Generator and R.O. Buildings. APEX 
Construction has informed us that they are presently completing their proposal for the 
Maintainance Building as they have not received the email transmitted by me earlier. However, I 
don't expect their cost for that building to be much different from their present proposal. The 
total cost of construction, including the Buck Steel Proposal for the Generator and R.O. 
Buildings will be $802,157.00, if APEX is selected. As the total footprint of construction is 
approximately 10,500 square feet, this translates into a construction unit cost of $76.40 per 
square foot. We find this to be a very fair and equitable cost considering the challenges faced 
by doing construction on Little St. James. 
Bid Evaluations fa Generator & R. O. Buildings on Little St. James, U. S. Virgin Islands 
Joredian Design Group 
June 15, 2017 
EFTA00591097
--- PAGE 3 ---
Four Cost Proposals, as well as the proposals from Buck Steel, are included with this report. 
(enclosed) Please feel free to call us if you have any questions or comments at 340-777-1600. 
Sincerely, 
JAREDIAN DESIGN GROUP 
#612004)
John P. 
AIA, N ARB, Principal 
Cc-Via E-mail: 
Richard Kahn 
Daphne Wallace 
Leroy V. Smith 
Bid Evaluations for Generator & R. O. Buildings on Little St. James. U. S. Vigin Islands 
Jaredian Design Group 
June 15. 2017 
EFTA00591098
--- PAGE 4 ---
CONSTRUCTION PROPOSAL No.1.: 
APEX CONSTRUCTION COMPANY, INC. 
EFTA00591099
--- PAGE 5 ---
Al=e) C 
CONSTRUCTION 
COMPANY. INC 
June 9, 2017 
John Woods 
Principal 
Jaredian Design Group 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
RE: 
Proposal for Generator & R.O Building Roofing Project 
Little St. James 
Dear Mr. Woods; 
Apex Construction Co., Inc. is pleased for the opportunity to quote you on referenced 
project as detailed in drawings by Jaredian Design Group dated 10/20/15. We propose to 
perform the work inclusive of materials, labor, equipment and supervision for the sum of 
Six Hundred Seventy Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty-seven Dollars 
($670,267.00). Specifically excluded from this proposal is all sea transportation. 
Should you have any questions concerning this proposal, please do not hesitate to contact 
this writer. 
Regrds, 
Hodge 
Vice president 
Tel: 
P.O. Box 305048, Stjnomas. U.S. Virgin islands 00803-5048 
Email 
EFTA00591100
--- PAGE 6 ---
CONSTRUCTION PROPOSAL No.2.: 
BALBO CONSTRUCTION CORPORATION 
EFTA00591101
--- PAGE 7 ---
Balbo Construction Corporation 
"Where quality, commitment and integrity are our trademarks and building is our passion" 
Licensed Building Contractor 
General Construction. Hotels to Private Homes 
Phone (340) 775-7918 
Fax 
(340) 714-7948 
E-mail 
P.O. Box 9435 
St. Thomas VI 00801 
June 9, 2017 
Mr. John P. Woods, Jr. Principal 
Jaredian Design Group 
P.O. Box 6218 
St. Thomas, VI 00804 
RE: 
Transmittal of BC's Cost Proposal for — the Generator & R.O. Building and 
Roofing Project and the Maintenance & Workshop Building Project on Little St. James 
Dear Mr. Woods: 
Balbo Corporation is pleased to submit its Cost Proposal for the above mentioned 
Project. 
Our Cost Proposal for all work specified in the above cited RFP is a follows: 
One million six Hundred ninety one and one cent 
$1,800,691.01 
We would like to thank you for affording us the opportunity to submit this proposal. 
Should you require further clarity or discussion relative to this proposal please contact 
us at the above referenced number. 
Sincerely, 
Gerard Castor, Sr. 
EFTA00591102
--- PAGE 8 ---
Maintenace and Workshop Building 
_ 
_ 
— 
_ 
Item Description 
__ 
_- 
Silt Fence 
$ 
Total Price
1,400.00 
Excavation (Rock Clause) 
$ 
17,000.00 
Compaction 
$ 
6,9-07.00 
Compaction Test 
$ 
2,225.00 I 
Sawcut For Pads 
$ 
7,080.00.
Footings, Fads, and Piers 
$ 
168,750.00 
Steel Erection 
$ 
49,419.00 
Slab (Wire Mesh and #4 Bars) 
$ 
199,800.0e.
6" Stud Walls 
$ 
79,200.00 
4" Stud Walls 
$ 
3,456.00 i 
Painting 
$ 
30,067.20 
Roll Up Doors (Includes frieght and instillation) 
$ 
9,683.96 
Waste Gil Pits 
$ 
3,000.00 
Retaining Wall Footing Form and Pour 
$ 
30,000.00 
ketaining Wall Form and Pour 
$ 
59,500.00 
Bituminous Paint 
$ 
1,260.00 
Trucks Lock Fee 
$ 
1,500.00 
Remove Portion of Existing service Slab Cut 
$ 
1,740.00 
Remove Fortiori of Existing Service Slab 
$ 
3,200.00 
Plumbing 
$ 
10,000.00 
Gverhead 
• 
Generator and R. 0 Building Roofing Project 
Storage Room 
Item Description 
Total Price 
Silt Fence 
800.00 
Excavation (Hammer Clause) 
3,200.00 
Compaction 
1,662.00 
Compaction Test 
$ 
1,575.00 
Storage Building Footing 
38,250.00 
Storage Building Slab 
55,800.00 
Steel Erection 
123,063.00 
Bituminous Paint 
792.00 
Storage Building retaining Wall 
66,300.00 
Gravel for Stormwater Drainage Pipe 
770.00 
EFTA00591103
--- PAGE 9 ---
Storage Building Roof Slab 
Storage Building Green Roof 
Painting 
Wall Plaster 
Roof Plaster 
Parapet Wall 
Terminating Bar 
Single Ply Membrane 
Remove Soil for Green Roof 
2nd Floor Slab Footing 
2nd Floor Slab 
Roll Up Doors (Includes frieght and instillation) 
$ 
37,800.00 
835.00 
8,820.00 
9,000.00 
6,460.00 
4,500.00 
1,100.00 
400.00 
3,320.00 
57,000.00 
57,600.00 
45,177.68 
Electrical 
Mechanical 
Hollow Metal Doors and Frames 
Overhead 
Utilities (Both buildings included) 
134,914.00 
141,419.00 
600.00 
300,115.17 
1,800,691.01 
EFTA00591104
--- PAGE 10 ---
CONSTRUCTION PROPOSAL No.3.: 
CUSTOM BUILDERS 
EFTA00591105
--- PAGE 11 ---
CUSTOM BUILDERS 
GENERAL CONTRACTORS • CONSTRUCTION MANAGERS 
Eery"llyg ?rho tigvNeni Stales Virgin Islands 
7r,927a Eazf'sorn Caribbean 
A REPUTATION FOR EXCELLENCE 
www.custombuildersvi.com 
EFTA00591106
--- PAGE 12 ---
CUSTOM BUILDERS 
June 9, 2017 
John Woods, A1A 
Jaredian Design Group 
5333 Raadets Gade, Suite 14 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Re: Little St. James 
Good Day Mr. Woods: 
Custom Builders is pleased to present this proposal for the Little St. James Generator and R.O. 
Roofing Project and Maintenance and Workshop Building Project. We have over thirty years of 
experience as a General Contractor in the Virgin Islands. Similar previous projects include the 
Cyril E. King Airport Baggage Claim Terminal Renovation, Cyril E. King Airport Electrical 
Room Expansion, and the renovation of Fort Christian. 
Our staff has extensive experience in commercial and residential construction through out the US 
Virgin Islands, and we are very familiar with the requirements, logistics, and construction 
techniques required for the successful completion of this project. 
Custom Builders' pricing for these projects is as follows: 
Generator and R.O. Roofing Project: 
Maintenance and Workshop Building Proiect: 
Lump sum total for both projects: 
Schedule: 
Hangar Building, 6 Months 
Maintenance Building, 6 Months 
$1,196,147.00 
$1,478,816.00
$2,674,963.00 
Terms: 
10% Mobilization payment upon Notice to Proceed 
Billing will be monthly, Schedule of values to be provided at the time of 
award 
We look forward to participating in this project and are fully prepared to respond to any 
questions or requests for additional information. Enclosed with this proposal, please find our 
cost breakdown for each project and our assumptions and exclusions. 
erely, 
Jerome Boschulte 
Acting President 
Tel: 
Email: 
civets Algid 
s rieTreat • bt. nomas • U.S. Vi 
vvou 
EFTA00591107
--- PAGE 13 ---
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
Project: MAINTENANCE AND WORKSHOP BUILDING PROJECT 
DESCRIPTION 
BID AMOUNT 
GENERAL CONSTRUCTION 
General Conditions 
$210,400.00 
Sitework 
$36,401.00 
Demolition 
$16,414.00 
Concrete 
$538,126.00 
Masonry 
$0.00 
Metals 
$163,872.00 
Wood/Plastics 
$3,865.0O 
TIM Protection 
$3,309.00 
Windows/Doors 
$35,898.0O 
Finishes 
$111,681.00 
Specialties 
$0.00 
Equipment 
S0.0o 
Furnishings 
$0.00 
Special Construction 
$0.00 
Conveying System 
$0.00 
Mechanical 
$161,489.00 
Electrical 
$197,361.00 
TOTAL BID 
$1,478,816.00 
PROJECT DURATION (INDICATE NUMBER OF CALENDAR DAYS) 
183 
ALTERNATES 
EFTA00591108
--- PAGE 14 ---
Bid Sheet -1 
May 23, 2017 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
Project: GENERATOR AND R.O. BUILDING 
DESCRIPTION 
BID AMOUNT 
GENERAL CONSTRUCTION 
General Conditions 
$203,437.00 
Sitework 
$88,028.00 
Demolition 
$0.00 
Concrete 
$271,906.00 
Masonry 
$0.00 
Metals 
$169,359.00 
Wood/Plastics 
$3,865.00 
T/M Protection 
584,161.00 
Windows/Doors 
$22,661.00 
Finishes 
$107,875.00 
Specialties 
Sono 
Equipment 
$0.00 
Furnishings 
50.00
Special Construction 
$0.00 
Conveying System 
$0.00 
Mechanical 
$133,666.00 
Electrical 
$111,189.00 
TOTAL BID 
$1,196,147.00 
PROJECT DURATION (INDICATE NUMBER OF CALENDAR DAYS) 
183 
ALTERNATES 
EFTA00591109
--- PAGE 15 ---
Assumptions/Exclusions 
1. No rock excavation is included, this will be an extra. 
2. We assume the existing site material will be suitable for any fill that may be required. 
3. We assume that the pre-fab building will be delivered to the job site. 
4. Power and water needed during the construction process will be provided to us. 
5. The LSJ barge and boat will be available for transportation of materials and workers. 
6. Building Permit will be provided by the owner. 
EFTA00591110
--- PAGE 16 ---
r
ri  
•sa___ 
has :a.. 4e....•.... te....4a,,.. 
4.•a•• 
...„....w.r.........a........
... 
allor ••-•-r• 
lair 
•• -• 4 :: • i•••••• •••-• • 47.1. • •••••••• 
.• • ••••.••••••.•••• 
••• • • •••••• • • •••••4•
•
• •••••• •• • 
I
 mg, 
• 
.  I t  O. Z"
. 
• 
.....4 
. tI
L  • :. Il re. 
•• 
• • 
• ••• e
l % ; 
. % 7 IA 
.0 • 
• . . . • .
  . :Ie. 
e
al 
r
e ttt 
h•4:270
.
..7:
ifil:Art
i ... .
. :
04
4: VI 
. Ot
.
 .. t ed 
, 
: 
 0..._. a
t • •• • 4:•••••/.•••• 
• ••••••••:.•• 0•••• • •••••:. 
• *SO • ,.. • 
• 
• • 
• 
a•
V OYAC
IAWAS I XWAVii
i it),A 
MICA% 
WO•da
t ):04 
le ...#61•0:03Plig
t rgi
tatql
( fi rt ed
ei015P):04
te;‘ 
. 
•.0.• 
...... 
t.,...,_ 
-Ala 
G
.1-$rii 
Is% 
....;
l:i 
-214E; 
(
0.6:4 
4.-*A
wet= 
-it t,'45::
(
Pil'al 
WA: 
• oot-
*Sti:c.-: 
0.6ft 
....11.e; 
:4.--: 
.....i....r„. 
1.*A•ti 
' 41014 
i .. 
..„-...9.
7. 
•Vit 
s
-: 
16;15-: 
e s 
I tile; 
...47,.z
Aifie
:. 
C. • %CI: 
Vaf4lit 
I 4
Ket
t
••••••••:: 
Clik 
:••••tr• 
: 
•C•rt.. 
't it; 
.4
!
441•:::: 
• ;• •••••• 
-17,44.i: 
'lit? at; 
•........ 
:..,,::: 
...„,.:....... 
; ..*,-...: 
0..L, 
,. 
..„.„ 
......„:„....„ 
, ...I.A. 
....:•••:". 
•• iv 
s r.
;:ltjlei
Omn 
...1.. 
. ...tz 
....71 IN:,
.ti er
•N
eCir .
eat. 
*w e
Pairai is0 
That, in accordance with the applicable provisions of Tide 3 Chapter I6 and Title 27 V.I.C. relating to the licensing of 
businesses and occeparions, and compliance having been made with the provisions of 10 V.I.C. Sec. 41 relating to 
the Civil Rights Act of the Virgin Islands, the following license is hereby granted. 
Licenser 
PROFESSIONAL DESIGN BUILDERS INC 
Its Name: 
CUSTOM BUILDERS 
Strang Address 
Physical Address 
4028 ANNA'S RETREAT 
ST THOMAS 
ST. THOMAS VI 00802 
4028 ANNA'S RETREAT 
ST THOMAS 
ST. THOMAS VI 00802 
Business No: 
9204 
_ License No; 
1.9204-1B 
Types of License(s) 
General Construction Co. 
As provided by law, the authorized licensing authority shall have the power to revoke or suspend any License issued 
hereunder, upon finding, after notice and adequate helping, that such revocation or suspension is in the public 
interest; provided, that any persons aggrieved by any such deeidon of this office shall be entitled to a review of the 
same by the Territorial Court upon appeal made within (30) days from the date of the decision; provided, further, that 
all decisions of this office hereunder shall be final except upon specific findings by the Cowl that the same was 
arrived at by fraud or illegal means. 
If a renewal is desired, the holder is responsible for making application for same without any notice from this office. It 
is the responsibility of the Licensee to notify the Department in writing within (30) days, when a license is to be 
cancelled or placed in inactive status. Failure to do so will result in the assessment of penalties as authorized by law. 
Commissioner, Department of Licensing and Consumer Affairs 
THIS LICENSE MUST BE PROMINENTLY DISPLAYED AT PLACE OF BUSINESS 
EFTA00591111
--- PAGE 17 ---
GOVERNMENT OF 
THE UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Date : JANUARY 10, 2017 
Office of the Custodian, government Insurance Tune! 
VETARZAIWITOT TI.VINCE 
Certificate of government Insurance Coverage 
I certify that the employer PROFSSIONAL DESIGN/BUILDERS, INC. 
Has fired with the Custodian of the government Insurance Fund; the Employer's Wrport to the 
Commissioner of Finance and paid the required premium in accordance with the provision of Title 
Chapter 11, Section 273, of the 'Virgin Islands Cork, and, accordingly is entitled to the rights 
And Benefits of the insurance coverage estafilishedfiy law. 'Tie riskof this employer is covered 
By policy 4360 for the periodfrom JANUARY 01, 2017 TO DECEMBER 31, 2017 
lellf 
ST THOMAS, VI 00802 
NAME & ADDRESS OF EMPLOYER 
PROFESSIONAL DESIGN 
BUILDERS, INC. 
DBA CUSTOM BUILDER 
Ire 
4028 ANNA'S RETREAT 
Cr 
7elo deuliff 
Custodian, Government Insurance Fund 
EFTA00591112
--- PAGE 18 ---
Accmtt 
CERTIFICATE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE 
‘wmaa....
0.417 00400ARYY) 
1/3.5/2 017 
THIS CERTIFICATE IS ISSUED AS A MATTER OF INFORMATION ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS 
CERTIFICATE DOES NOT AFFIRMATIVELY OR NEGATIVELY AMEND, EXTEND OR ALTER THE COVERAGE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES 
BELOW. MS CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A CONTRACT BETWEEN THE ISSUING INSURER(S), AUTHORIZED 
REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, MD THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. 
IMPORTANT: If the certMcate holder is an ADDITIONAL INSURED, the poilcyges) must be endorsed. If SUBROGATION IS WAIVED, subject to 
the terms and conditions of the policy, certain policies may require an endorsement A statement on this certificate doss not confer rights to the 
certificate holder in lieu of such endorsement(s). 
PRODUCER 
Marshall & Sterling St. Croix 
02 1 Anchor Way 
Gallows Bay 
Christiansted 
VI 00820 
calaitcr Monica Robinson 
11„ i d,. (340) 773-2170 
Ilitsl. MR: (340)773-9550 
Annitimt 
INSURE-ROM AFFORDING COVERAGE 
Pace 
meow* :Certain Underwriters at Lloyds 
INSURED 
Professional Design/Builders, Inc. DB& Custom 
Builders 
4028 Anna's Retreat 
St. 
Thanes 
VI 00802-2065 
INSURER. Certain Underwriters at Lloyds 
mumac: 
INSURER D: 
IRSURER E : 
INSURER F : 
COVERAGES 
CERTIFICATE NUMBER:M.1721805706 
REVISION NUMBER: 
THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT THE POLICIES OF INSURANCE LISTED BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD 
INDICATED. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY REQUIREMENT. TERM OR CONDITION OF ANY CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH THIS 
CERTIFICATE MAY BE ISSUED OR MAY PERTAW, THE INSURANCE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES DESCRIBED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS. 
EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. LIMITS SHOWN MAYHAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS 
NM 
LTR 
TYPE OF INSURANCE 
A 
NSA
DTA. VATS
POUCY MESSER 
omu
Ctir mEt; 
P
iNiisl.oryW n
ICY 
LUTE 
A 
GINERAL 
X 
MERRY 
comment °mon. UMILITY 
B1230PCO2491A17 
S/1/2017 
1/1/2018 
EACH °Ca:MS.10E 
$ 
3,000,000 
AMAGE S TC REMED 
PD ROASE TR *COSMO) 
$ 
3, 000,000 
I afacwa 
X OCCUR 
mE0 Ew c,„ 0mi:sum;
10,000 
PERSONAL 6 ADY PLURY 
S 
3,000,000 
C.F.I.DUL AGGREGATE 
$ 
, 000, 000 
OWL AGORCOATE 
ill POLICY 
LEA TARES PER 
ri yta El LOC 
PROOLCTS - COUP/OR AC.0 s 
3,000,000 
$ 
El 
AUTOMOBILE 
... 
a 
LAMM 
ANY AUTO 
AU. OARED 
AUTCS 
RAW/AUTOS 
Yc 
V a 
80-EOULW 
AJTOS 
NON-OVNE0 
/VMS 
MD0721372 
5/7/2016 
8/7/2017 
co.6:IrMraM LIMIT 
$ 
300,000 
BOORT INJURY (Tr RIME) 
S 
000cy limb. p fl
ow$) $ 
OPER 
fOr radon,' 
$ 
IANNR RMINAJI 
$ 
5,000 
_ 
UMBRELLA UM! 
EXCESS LINE 
— 
OCCUR 
CURMSWAIICE 
EACH OCCLAIRDUCE 
S 
AGGREGATE 
OW I 
I RETENTIONS 
S 
WORKERS COMPENSATION 
AND EMPLOYERS LIABILITY 
Y I N 
NI A 
IINITITst I 
lOg-
E: EAOI AWIGENT 
ANY lit0REET0RIPARThERIDZOITIIE 
SEIM:MO-LIM EXCLLOETP 
K 
Kantwory(n NH) 
am OMURA WEN 
DESOIPDON OF OPERATORS Nobel 
E - DISEASE- EA 94P-OYEE S 
E I. IICARR . PO_CY LMT $ 
OESCIEPTION OF OPERATORSI LOCATIONS I VEHICLES Mach ACORD 101. Adational lbsenwes Schedule, if mere ay I reminell 
General Contractor 
CERTIFICATE HOLDER 
CANCELLATION 
Proof of Insurance 
SHOULD MY OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED POLICIES BE CANCELLED WORE 
THE EXPIRATION DATE THEREOF, NOTICE WILL BE DELIVERED IN 
ACCORDANCE WM THE POLICY PROVISIONS. 
AUnIORGED REPRESINIATNE 
John Harper, CIC/! 
/
A 
.17
MR. 
c_ 
ACORD 25 (2010105) 
INS025 Dopos)ol 
01988-2010 ACORD CORPORATION. NI rights reserved. 
The ACORD name and logo a e registered marks of ACORD 
EFTA00591113
--- PAGE 19 ---
CONSTRUCTION PROPOSAL No.4.: 
SSVI EXPERT EXCAVATION & BUILDERS 
EFTA00591114
--- PAGE 20 ---
Generator/Mechanical 
& R.O. Buildings 
onstruction Proposa] 
March 10, 2017 
Prepared for: 
Great St. James & Little St. James 
Red Hook Quarters, St. Thomas, VI 
Contact: Brice Gordon 
Prepared by: 
SSVI-Expert Builders 
6501 Red Hook Plaza, Ste 201 
St. Thomas VI 00802 
Contact: Alex 1 
EFTA00591115
--- PAGE 21 ---
1. INTRODUCTION 
2. ABOUT SSVI 
3. SCOPE OF WORK 
4. SCHEDULE 
5. PRICING & PAYMENT TERMS 
6. GENERAL TERMS & CONDITIONS 
7. ASSUMPTIONS 
SSVI is pleased to submit this construction proposal to LSJ do Brice Gordon to be performed at 
the property located at Little St. James,USVI. 
By the signature of SSVI's authorized representative set forth below, SSVI agrees to be bound 
by the representations made herein. 
This construction proposal and the pricing provided herein shall remain valid for a period 
of 60 days following the date shown on page 1. 
1. INTRODUCTION 
Little St. James desires to have the existing Generator/Mechanical & R.O buildings removed 
and replaced with new structures and has provided a general specification and has 
communicated a set of requirements, which are summarized as follows: 
• Site Excavation & Earthwork 
• New Storage Building Construction 
• R.O Building (A) 
• Generator Building (B) 
SSVI / Expert is confident that it will present the best value forLittle St James. First, our past 
performance record to meet schedules and deliver a high-quality product, at a relatively low 
cost as compared with the competition. Second, our extensive expertise in this area allows 
us to tackle tough projects on a fixed-price basis, thereby alleviating any concern that the 
price may increase. Third, the talent level of our team is unparalleled and our project 
management practices ensure labor efficiencies that drive costs down. Finally, our access 
to the highest quality materials at highly competitive prices ensures the lowest possible cost 
of goods. 
EFTA00591116
--- PAGE 22 ---
2. ABOUT SSVI 
SSVI is an established and well-respected local contractor that has been serving customers 
in The Virgin Islands since 2009. SSVI has completed a broad range of construction projects 
over the years, and many of them have been of comparable scope and magnitude as 
compared with this construction project. 
SSVI is supported by an extraordinary team of professionals who are highly skilled in their 
trade. For this project, the team will be lead by Reynolds Clement. Reynolds Clement has a 
proven track record of successfully leading projects such as this. 
3. SCOPE OF WORK 
SSVI will perform all construction activities associated with the new buildings on Little St 
James. Such work will be carried out in accordance with requirements communicated to 
SSVI by Little St James in this proposal and the architectural plans provided by the 
Jaredian Design Group. In addition to the responsibilities of SSVI outlined in such document, 
SSVI will be responsible for the following: 
• Site Excavation & Earthwork 
• New Storage Building Construction 
• Construction of the R.O Building and the Generator 
Building 
• Site Cleanup 
EFTA00591117
--- PAGE 23 ---
4. SCHEDULE 
The entire project described in this proposal will be completed in approximately 6 
months, weather permitting, following execution of a contract between the parties. 
5. PRICING & PAYMENT TERMS 
The project will be undertaken at a price of $492,865.00 for labor and materials with 
the exception of the sheds and roll-up doors, which will be purchased by Little St James 
directly from Buck Steel who will also pay for all shiooina costs from factory to job site. 
Scope Of Work / Labor 
GENERAL REQUIREMENTS 
$ 64,285 
a. General Conditions 
b. Shipping, Port Fees & Handling of Buck Steel order paid by LSJ 
Price 
$ 64,285 
SITE EXCAVATION & EARTHWORK apx 4 weeks 
$ 63,000 
a. Earth change protection barricades/silt fencing 
$ 2,500 
b. Site hand clearing and excavation 
$ 1,500 
c. Site and foundation footing pads excavation 
$ 1,500 
d. Backfilling and compaction 
$ 3,500 
e. Subterranean termite treatment 
$ 1,200 
f. Site retaining walls (two areas) 
$ 40,000 
g. Extended exterior walkway along R.O building A 
$ 8,500 
h. Seeding / restoration of disturbed areas 
$ 1,800 
i. Trucking & disposal of spoils 
$ 2,500 
NEW STORAGE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION apx. 9 weeks 
$ 183,430 
a. First floor fittings & foundation walls 
$ 23,400 
b. Enkadrain drainage matt & bituminous coating 
$ 4,500 
c. New gravel encased 4" - PVC drain pipes 
$ 2,000 
d. First floor concrete bottom slab and entry landing 
$ 18,750 
e. First floor exterior & interior concrete walls 
$ 32,000 
f. First floor concrete column pads and columns 
$ 7,500 
g. First floor concrete beams 
$ 15,500 
h. Concrete roof slab 
$ 31,000 
i. Concrete parapet wall w/ cap flashing 
$ 5,250 
j. Single-ply membrane at parapet and roof 
$ 2,500 
EFTA00591118
--- PAGE 24 ---
NEW STORAGE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION, cont. 
k. 6" compacted earth fill topping on roof 
I. Doors package complete 
m. Electrical complete (fixtures, wiring, installation) 
n. Mecahnical exhaust fans and louvers complete 
o. Painting of first floor walls 
R.O. 
a. 
b. 
c. 
d. 
e. 
f. 
9. 
h. 
i. 
J. 
k. 
BUILDING A apx. 9 weeks 
$ 137,950 
First floor excavation for pier footings 
First floor spread footings and foundations 
First floor concrete columns and piers 
Second floor perimeter grade beams under new slab 
Second floor building extended elevated concrete slab 
Second floor pre-engineered building package complete 
Second floor pre-engineered building erection complete 
Second floor roll-up doors package complete 
Second floor electrical complete (Fixtures, panels and installation) 
Second floor mechanical (exhaust fans and louvers) 
Second floor miscellaneous wall painting 
$ 7,500 
$ 3,500 
$ 20,000 
$ 8,530 
$ 1,500 
$ 3,500 
$ 9,000 
$ 6,500 
$ 8,750 
$ 28,000 
Purchsed by LSJ 
$ 30,000 
$ 15,000 
$ 9,000 
$ 26,200 
$ 2,000 
GENERATOR BUILDING B apx. 5 weeks 
$ 44,200 
a. Second floor pre-engineered building package complete Purchased by LSJ 
b. Second floor pre-engineered building erection complete 
$ 12,000 
c. Second floor roll-up doors package complete 
$ 12,500 
d. Second floor electrical complete (Fixtures, panels and instalattion) 
$ 5,000 
e. Seconf floor mechanical (exhaust fans and louvers) 
$ 13,800 
f. Second floor miscellaneous wall painting 
$ 
900 
TOTAL OF ALL CATEGORIES OF WORK ABOVE 
CONTINGENCY (15%) 
GRAND TOTAL 
Payment 1 at contract signing 
• 50% of stage 1Site Work 
Payment 2 at completion of Site Work 
• 
% of stage 1 Site Work 
• 50% of stage 2 New Building 
Payment 3 at completion of New Building 
• 40 % of stage 2 New Building 
• 
50% of stage 3 R.O. Building 
Payment 4 at completion of R.O. Building 
• 40 % of stage 3 R.O. Building 
• 
50% of stage 4 Generator Building 
Payment 5 at completion of Generator Building 
• 
% of stage 4 Generator Building 
Payment 6 2 weeks after completion of entire job 
• Balance of contract 
$ 492,865 
$ 73,930 
$ 566,795 
$ 31,500 
$ 25,200 
$ 91,715 
$ 73,372 
$ 68,975 
$ 55,180 
$ 22,100 
$ 17,680 
$107,143 
Contingency if/as required and agreed upon by 
both parties. 
EFTA00591119
--- PAGE 25 ---
6. GENERAL TERMS & CONDITIONS 
1. The above estimate is based upon standard local construction industry standards; 
2. Quantities for this estimate are based upon the Owner's approved Final Design Plans; 
3. Electrical and Plumbing cost estimates are based upon the standard unit cost of $125.00 per 
point. A point is defined as each source location where either and electrical or plumbing 
fixture/device provides its intended service; 
4. Quantities of concrete are based upon measured amounts from the Plans; 
5. The estimate includes a line item for General Requirements and Conditions which can 
encompass a variety of expenses which may arise during the period of construction; 
6. All work will be done between the hours of 7:00 A.M. and 5:00 P.M. 
7. ASSUMPTIONS 
This construction proposal and the pricing and schedule data provided herein assumes the 
following: 
1. All obligations of Little St James described herein will be carried out in a timely manner, 
including the obligation to make timely payment in accordance with the payment terms and 
schedule provided herein. 
2. Mutually acceptable terms and conditions will be negotiated between Little St James 
and will supplement the terms and conditions contained herein 
3. Little St James will provide prompt feedback/answers on any questions SSVI may 
have and be reasonably available to SSVI in furtherance of the project 
4. SSVI will be provided access to Little St James premises as reasonably required to perform 
the work during the working hours set forth above 
EFTA00591120
--- PAGE 26 ---
BUCK STEEL PROPOSAL. 
EFTA00591121
--- PAGE 27 ---
CUSTOMER QUOTE 
Corporate Headquarters 
6855 Lyons Technology Circle • Suite 18 
• 
Name 
Kenneth Benjamin Jr. 
Tel 
3407771600 
Quote Date 
05/18/2015 
Company Jaredian Design Group 
Fax 
Valid Through 
06/02/2015 
Street 
TBD 
Email 
Project ID 
8315229 
City 
TBD 
Sales Rep 
Brian Buds 
State 
ZZ 
Zip TBD 
Country 
US Virgin Islands 
Page 
of 3 
Project Building 1 
Location 
Street 
TAD 
Engineering 
Width 
Length 
Height 
41'-4• 
Code 
IBC 2009 
61*-4' 
Wind Load 145 MPH 
18'4120'4 Exposure 
C 
Roof Pitch .5:12 
Live Load 20 
Snow Ct 
Reducible Yes 
Snow Co 
Left Endwall 
Right Endwall 
Front Sidewall 
Back Slciewall 
Roof Panel 
Wall Panel 
Engineering 
Notes 
City 
TBC 
Stale 
ZZ 
Snow Gnd 0 
Snow Roof 0 
Snow Is 
0 
Zip 
TBD 
Seismic Ss 
Seismic SI 
Seismic Co 
1.0 
I.0 
Collateral 
0.5 
Spacing 2 0 20' 
Type Post and Beam 
Spacing 2 0 20' 
Type Post and Beam 
Spacing 3 0 20' 
Type N/A 
Spacing 3 @ 20' 
Typo N/A 
Gauge 
Style PBR 
Screw Type-Length 
Gauge 
Style PBR 
Screw Type-Length 
County 
TBD 
Country 
US Virgin Islands 
Shell 
Enclosed 
Column Straight 
BaSe 
Deluxe Formed Trim 
Frame 
Single Slope 
Bracing Cable 
Bracing Cable 
Bracing Portal 
Bracing Cable 
Long Life-1 1/4" 
Color Not Specified 
Long Life-1 1/1" 
Color Not Specified 
Occupancy Normal 
Thermal 
Unheated 
Snow Exp 
Sheltered 
Girt Bypass 
Girt Bypass 
Gin Bypass 
Girt Bypass 
EXPORT BUILDING with final destination of Virgin Islands via PORT Everglades with unloading and freight fonvarding by others Export 
package includes extra sheeting. nuts. bolls. fasteners. girls and puffins wilh all rollup doors specifically crated for export to provide additional 
protection. It is the customer's responsibility to VERIFY All CODES 8 LOADS used to design this bidding as being in accordance with local 
requirements Total weight is estimated as XX XXX lbs COD amount is to be paid in full 2 weeks prior to delivery to port 
Building Pricing 
Qty 
Description 
Base Building as per Engineering Specifications 
Included 
Stamped Engineered Building DravAngs (3 Seta) 
Included 
Erecting Drawings (2 Sets) 
Included 
Letter of Certification 
Included 
Anchor Bolt Plans 
Included 
All Frames Hot Dipped Galvanized. Secondary Members Pre-Galvanized 
Included 
FSW 10 53/64" Below BSW Grade 
Included 
FSW BSW, REW Open to 51-6-
Included 
Full Trim Package Including. Corner Tnm, Eave Trim, Sculptured Rake Trim 
Included 
Die-formed Ridge Cap 
Included 
Closure Strip Package 
Included 
Gutters & Downspouts 
Included 
Framed Opening Standard 17 x 16 For Roll up Doors 
Included 
Personnel Door 3070-M White Insulated Pre-Assembled Windlock Certified wl Lever Handle wr Threshold 
Included 
Roll Up Steel Windlock Certified Non-Insulated w/ Chainhoist 17 x 16' 
Included 
Roof Insulation 67 R19 WMP-VR el/Starter Roil wr Patch Tape 
Included 
Wall Insulation 47 R13 WMP-VR w/ Starter Roll wr Patch Tape 
Included 
Building & Accessory Freight To Port Everglades 
Included 
Export Package Including Extra Compnents and Special Crating 
Included 
Website 
Tel: 
vnevtucksteel.ccrn 
EFTA00591122
--- PAGE 28 ---
BUCK STEEL 
Corporate Headquarters 
8855 Lyons Technology Circle • Suite 18 
Coconut Creek • FL • 33073 
Toll Free Tel 
CUSTOMER QUOTE 
Name 
Kenneth Benjamin Jr 
Tel 
3407771600 
Quote Date 
05/18/2015 
Company Jaredian Design Group 
Fax 
Valid Through 
06/02/2015 
Street 
TBD 
Email 
Project ID 
BS15229 
City 
TBD 
Sales Rep 
Brian Buck 
State 
ZZ 
Zip TBD 
Country 
US Virgin Islands 
Page 
of 3 
Project Building 2 
Location 
Street 
TBD 
City 
TBD 
State ZZ 
Zip 
TBD 
County 
TBD 
Country 
US Virgin Islands 
Engineering 
Width 
62' 
Code 
IBC 2009 
Snow Gnd 0 
Seismic Ss 
Shell 
Enclosed 
Occupancy Normal 
Length 
122' 
Wind Load 145 MPH 
Snow Roof 0 
Seismic S1 
Column Tapered 
Thermal 
Unheated 
Height 
12' 
Exposure 
C 
Snow Is 
1.0 
Seismic Co 
Base 
Deluxe Formed Trim 
Snow Exp 
Sheltered 
Roof Pitch 1.5:12 
Live Load 20 
Snow Ct 
1.0 
Frame 
Gable Symmetrical 
Reducible Yes 
Snow Cs 
1.0 
Collateral 
0.5 
Left Endwall 
Spacing 25723'8,21W 
Type Post and Beam 
Bracing Cable 
Girt Bypass 
Right Endwall Spacing 21'8123T/25' 
Type Post and Beam 
Bracing Cable 
Girt Bypass 
Front Sidewall Spacing 2114620721' 
Type NIA 
Bracing Cable 
Girt Bypass 
Back Sidewall Spacing 2174420721' 
Type N/A 
Bracing Cable 
Girt Bypass 
Roof Panel 
Gaugo 
Style RROL 
Screw Type-Length 
Long Life-1 1/4' 
Color Not Specified 
Wall Panel 
Gauge 
Style PBR 
Screw Type-Length 
Long Life-1 1/4" 
Color Not Specified 
Engineering 
Notes 
Building Pricing 
Qty 
Description 
Base Building as per Engineering Specifications 
Included 
Stamped Engineered Building Drawings (3 Sets) 
Included 
Erecting Drawings (2 Sets) 
Included 
Letter of Certification 
Included 
Anchor Bolt Plans 
Included 
All Frames Hot-Dipped Galvanized. Secondary Members Pre-Galvanized 
Included 
FSW 1*- 53/64• Below BSW Grade 
Included 
LEW, BSW Open to 5'4r For Block, REW Open to 21-4" For Block 
Included 
Misc Steel Columns To Support Roof From Below Floor(Max 3010. per ft., Bracing At Floor W/Hdware 
Included 
Mod-2 Design 40', 20' Framelines #256 
Included 
Full Trim Package Including: Corner Trim. Eave Trim, Sculptured Rake Trim 
Included 
Die-formed Ridge Cap 
Included 
Closure Strip Package 
Included 
Gutters & Downspouts 
Included 
Framed Opening Standard 18' x 10' Rolling Steel Doors 
Included 
Personnel Door 307041 White Insulated Pre-Assembled Windlock Certified w/ Lever Handle w/ Threshold 
Included 
Roll Up Wndlock Certified Non-Insulated 
Chainholst 18' x 10' 
Included 
Roof Insulation 67 R19 WMP-VR wl Starter Roll wr Patch Tape 
Included 
Wall Insulation 47 R13 WMP-VR w/ Starter Roll w/ Patch Tape 
Included 
Building & Accessory Freight To Port Everglades 
Included 
Export Package Including Extra Compnents and Special Crating 
Included 
Total Building 
Florida 
Tel 
O.anrnla
Tel: 
Website 
iwnv.bucksteel.com 
EFTA00591123
--- PAGE 29 ---
BUCK STEEL 
Corporate Headquarters 
6855 Lyons Technology Circle • Suite 18 
Toll Free Tel:
CUSTOMER QUOTE 
Name 
Kenneth Benjamin Jr. 
Company Jaredian Design Group 
Street 
TBD 
City 
TBD 
State 
ZZ 
Zip TBD 
Country 
US Virgin Islands 
Project Building Pricing 
Qty 
Description 
Base Building as per Engineering Specirications 
Project Option Pricing 
Qty 
Description 
Unit 
Extended 
Stamped Engineered Foundation Dram/I:Fps (3 Sets) 
5,250 00 
5.250.00 
Project Erecting Including Equipment Rental, Unloading, and Labor(ESTIMATE) 
36,000.00 
36,000.00 
Tel 
3407771600 
Quote Date 
05/18/2015 
Fax 
Valid Through 
06/02/2015 
Email 
(Options are NOT INCLUDED In the building price above) 
Project ID 
0515229 
Sales Rep 
Brian Buck 
Page 
of 3 
 126 640.001 
IMPORTANT NOTES • PLEASE READ 
• This quote is based on Buck Steel's interpretation of plans and/or conversations with the customer, Buck Steel is NOT responsible for 
any errors and/or ommissions. 
• Carefully check this quote for completeness and verify the accuracy of the information contained within. 
• This quote is valid through 6/2/2015, and is subject to review of pricing. Revisions to quote may result in a price adjustments. 
• Erecting is NOT included in this quote, unless specifically listed. 
• Anchor bolts are NOT included in this quote and are NOT provided by Buck Steel 
• Concrete is NOT included in this quote and is NOT provided by Buck Steel 
• Buck Steel and/or the Building Engineer is NOT the "Engineer of Record'. The customer/owner is responsible for any "special building 
inspector" or "structural engineer' required by the city or county for pre and post construction inspections. 
• All prices are in USD. 
• Pricing contained in this quote does not include any applicable sales taxes. 
Fl 'A 
Gnnrnla 
Tel 
Tan,.--....
Webtille 
min/ bucksteel.com 
EFTA00591124
--- PAGE 30 ---
SUCK STEEL 
Corporate Headquarters 
6855 Lyons Technology Circle • Suite 18 
Coconut Creek • FL • 33073 
Toll Free Tel: 
Tennessee Office 
1107 Battiewood Street 
Franklin • TN • 37069 
CUSTOMER QUOTE 
Name 
Eine Gordon 
Company LSJ Employees. LLC 
Street 
6100 Red Hook Quarter. # 83 
City 
St Thomas 
State 
zz 
Zip 00802 
Country 
US Virgin islands 
Project Building 
Location 
Street 
Engineering 
Width 
80' 
Length 
80' 
Height 
18' 
Roof Pitch 1 5 12 
Reducible Yes 
Snow Ca 
Left Endwall 
Spacing 28', 24', 28' 
Right Endwall Spacing 28'.24', 28' 
Front Sideman Spacing 4O20' 
Back Sldewall Spacing 4O20' 
Tel 
3407758100 
Fax 
Emal 
City 
TBD 
State ZZ 
Quote Date 
01/31/2017 
Valid Through 
02/07/2017 
Project ID 
5523416 
Sales Rep 
Brian Buck 
Page 
of 4 
County 
TED 
Zip 
TBD 
Country 
USVirgin Islands 
Code 
IBC 2009 
Snow Gnd 0 
Seismic Ss 
Shell 
Enclosed 
Occupancy Normal 
Wind Load 145 MPH 
Snow Roof 0 
Seismic Si 
Column Tapered 
Thermal 
Unheated 
Exposure C 
Snow Is 
Base 
Deluxe Formed Trim 
Snow Exp 
Sheltered 
Live Load 20 
Snow Ct 
Collateral 
0.5 
Frame 
Gable Symmetrical 
Type Full-Load Expandable Frame 
Type Non-Expandable Bearing Frame 
Type N/A 
Type N/A 
Bracing None 
Bracing Cable 
Bracing Cable 
Bracing Cable 
Girt Flush 
Girt Flush 
Girt Bypass 
Girt Bypass 
Primary Frame Coating Red Oxide Primer 
Secondary Frame Coating 
Red Oxide Primer 
Roof Panel 
Gauge 
Style PBR 
Screw Type-Length 
Long Life-1 1/4" 
Color Not Specified 
Wall Panel 
Gauge 
Style PBR 
Screw Type-Length 
Long Life-1 1/4' 
Color Not Specified 
Engineering EXPORT BUILDING with final destination of XXXX via PORT XXXX with unloading and freight forwarding by others Export package includes 
Notes 
extra sheeting, nuts. bolts. fasteners. gins and puffins with all rollup doors specifically crated for export to provide additional protection It is the 
customers responsibility to VERIFY All CODES & LOADS used to design this building as being in accordance with local requirements. Total 
weight .s estimated as XX &XX lbs COD amount is to De paid in lull 2 weeks prior to delivery to port 
Building Pricing 
Qty 
Description 
Base Building as per Engineering Specifications 
Stamped Engineered Building Drawings (3 Sets) 
Erecting Drawings (2 Sets) 
Letter of Certification 
Anchor Bolt Plans 
LEW Bay 01 Open to Building "B' 
Mod-2 design. Columns at 28' From Back Side Wall 
Fill Trim Package Including: Corner Trim. Eave Trim. Sculptured Rake Trim 
Die-formed Ridge Cap 
Closure Strip Package 
Gutters & Downspouts 
Framed Opening Standard Misc. Sizes For CUSTOMER Provided Louvers 
Framed Opening Standard. 12' x 16', LEM Bay 02. 5' From Column 
Framed Opening Standard, 12' x 16', LEW, Bay #3, 12' From Column 
Framed Opening Standard, 17 x 16', REW, Bay #1, 5' From Column 
Framed Opening Standard, 12' x 16', REW, Bay #2. 8' From Column 
Rollup Door Windlock Certified Non-Insulated w/ Chainhoist 12' x 16' 
Roof & Wall Insulation TV R10 WMP-VR vd Starter Roll w/ Patch Tape 
Building & Accessory Freight To Port In Florida 
Included 
Included 
included 
included 
Included 
Included 
Included 
Included 
Included 
Included 
Included 
Included 
Included 
Included 
Included 
Included 
included 
Included 
Included 
Florida 
Tel 
Tennessee 
Website 
www.bucksteel.COM 
EFTA00591125
--- PAGE 31 ---
SUCK STEEL 
Corporate Headquarters 
6855 Lyons Technology Circle • Suite 18 
Coconut Creek • FL • 33073 
Toll Free Tell 
Tennessee Office 
1107 Battlewood Street 
Franklin • TN • 37069 
CUSTOMER QUOTE 
Name 
Brice Gordon 
Company LSJ Employees, LLC 
Street 
6100 Red Hook Quarter,* 03 
City 
St Thomas 
State 
ZZ 
Zip 00802 
Country 
US Virgin Islands 
Project Building 2 
Location 
Street 
Engineering 
Width 
28' 
Length 
25' 
Height 
16' 
Roof Pitch 1.5:12 
Code 
SC 2009 
Wind Load 145 MPH 
Exposure C 
Live Load 20 
Reducible Yes 
Left Endwall 
Spacing 28' 
Right Endwall Spacing 28' 
Front Sidewall Spacing 25' 
Back Sidewall Spacing 25' 
Tel 
3407758100 
Fax 
Email 
City 
TBD 
State ZZ 
Zip 
TBD 
Quote Date 
01/31/2017 
Valid Through 
02/07/2017 
Project ID 
8523418 
Sales Rep 
Brian Buck 
Page 
of 4 
Court' 
TBD 
Country 
JS Vigo: islands 
Snow Gnd 0 
Seismic Ss 
Shell 
Snow Roof 0 
Seismic 31 
Column Tapered 
Snow is 
Base 
Snow Ct 
Collateral 
5 
Frame 
Snow Co 
Type Half-Load Non-Expandable Frame 
Type Half-Load Non-Expandable Frame 
Type N/A 
Typo N/A 
Bracing None 
Bracing None 
Bracing None 
Bracing None 
Primary Frame Coating Red Oxide Primer 
Secondary Frame Coating 
Red Oxide Primer 
Roof Panel 
Gauge 
Style PBR 
Screw Typo-Length 
Long Life-1 1/4" 
Wall Panel 
Gauge 
Style PBR 
Screw Type-Length 
Long Life-1 1/4" 
Engineering REA of Bultding Attaches to LEW of Building "A' 
Notes 
Building Pricing 
Color Not Specified 
Color Not Specified 
Occupancy Normal 
Thermal 
Unheated 
Snow Exp 
Sheltered 
Girt Flush 
Girt Flush 
Girt Bypass 
Girt Bypass 
Qty 
Description 
Base Building as per Engineering Specifications 
Included 
Stamped Engineered Building Drawings (3 Sels) 
Included 
Erecting Drawings (2 Sets) 
Included 
Letter 01Cedification 
included 
Anchor Bolt Plans 
Included 
BSW Open to 10' for 12- Poured Concrete Wall 
Included 
LEW Open To Existing Bldg Same Width. Height. Roof Pilch 
Included 
Full Trim Package Including: Corner Trim, Eave Trim, Sculptured Rake Trim 
Included 
Die-formed Ridge Cap 
included 
Closure Strip Package 
Included 
Gutters & Downspouts 
Included 
Canopy Roof Extension SSW di' Entire Length. Sheeted 6' To Top Of Existing Wall 
included 
Framed Opening Standard 1Z x 12' For Rollup Door 
Included 
Framed Opening Standard Misc. For CUSTOMER Supplied Louver 
Included 
Rollup Door Windlock Certified Non-insulated w/ Chainhoist 17 x 12' 
Included 
Roof & Wall Insulation 3"/ R10 WMP-VR INF Starter Roll w/ Patch Tape 
Included 
Building & Accessory Freight To Port In Florida 
Included 
Tonna-sena
Tel: 
■
We bs ite 
wovrbucksteel.com 
EFTA00591126
--- PAGE 32 ---
BUCK STEEL 
Corporate Headquarters 
6855 t yons Technology Circle • Suite 18 
Coconut Creek • FL • 33073 
Toll Free Tel: 
Tennessee Office 
1107 Battlewood Street 
Franklin • TN • 27nAct 
CUSTOMER QUOTE 
Name 
Bite Gordon 
Company LSJ Employees, LLC 
Street 
5100 Red Hook Quarter, # 83 
City 
St Thomas 
State 
ZZ 
ZIP 00802 
Country 
US Virgin Islands 
Project Building 3 
Location 
Street 
Engineering 
Width 
32S" 
Length 
4T6" 
Height 
16' 
Roof Pitch 1.5:12 
Tel 
3407759100 
Quote Data 
01/31/2017 
Fax 
Valid Through 
02/07/2017 
Email 
City 
TBD 
State U 
Project ID 
13323416 
Sales Rep 
8dan Buck 
Page 
of 4 
County 
TB() 
Zip 
TBD 
Country 
US Virgin Islands 
Code 
IBC 2009 
Snow Gnd 0 
Seismic Ss 
Shell 
Occupancy Normal 
Wind Load 145 MPH 
Snow Roof 0 
Seismic S1 
Column Tapered 
Thermal 
Unheated 
Exposure C 
Snow Is 
Base 
Snow Exp 
Sheltered 
Live Load 20 
Snow Ct 
Collateral 
0.5 
Frame 
Reducible Yes 
Snow Ce 
Left Enchvall 
Spacing NA 
Right Endwall Spacing NA 
Front Sidewall Spacing NA 
Back Sidewall Spacing NA 
Typo Non-Expandable Bearing Frame 
Bracing Cable 
Type Non-Expandable Bearing Frame 
Bracing Cable 
Typo Nth 
Bracing Cable 
Type N/A 
Bracing Cable 
Girt Flush 
Girt Flush 
Girt Bypass 
Girt Bypass 
Primary Frame Coating Red Oxide Primer 
Secondary Frame Coating 
Red Oxide Primer 
Roof Panel 
Gauge 
Style PBR 
Screw Type-Length 
Long Life-1 1/4" 
Color Not Specified
Wall Panel 
Gauge 
Style PBR 
Screw Type
-Length 
Long Life-1 1/4" 
Color Not Specified 
Engineering Materials Only included to resheel customer
building as 
s existing
per architeclural drawings Includes all Wall Sheeting Roof Sheeting. Ridge 
Notes 
Caps. Mastic, Closure Stnps and Fastners Colors to match new building colors(tbd by customer) 
Building Pricing 
Description 
Base Building as per Engineering Specifications 
Included 
Die-formed Ridge Cap 
Included 
Closure Strip Package 
Included 
Building 8 Accessory Freight to Port In Florida 
Included 
Florida 
Tennessee 
Tel 
Website 
venw buckSleel Com 
EFTA00591127
--- PAGE 33 ---
MUCK STEEL 
Corporate Headquarters 
6855 Lyons Technology Circle • Suite 18 
Coconut Creek • FL • 33073 
Toll Free Tel: 
Tennessee Office 
1107 Batlev,vcd Street 
Franklin, • TN • 37069 
CUSTOMER QUOTE 
Name 
ROM Gordon 
Tel 
3407758100 
Quote Date 
01/31/2017 
Company LSJ Employees. LLC 
Fax 
Valid Through 
02/07/2017 
Street 
6100 Red Hook Quarter. # 83 
Email 
Project ID 
BS23416 
City 
St Tnomas 
Sales Rep 
Brian Buck 
State 
ZZ 
ZIP 00802 
Country 
US Virgin Islands 
Pago 
of 4 
Project Price 
Freight 
Project Total 
106.850 00 
106,850.00 
included 
IMPORTANT NOTES • PLEASE READ 
• This quote is based on Buck Steel's interpretation of plans and/or conversations with the customer, Buck Steel is NOT responsible for 
any errors and/or ommissions. 
• Carefully check this quote for completeness and verify the accuracy of the information contained within. 
• This quote is valid through 2/7/2017, and is subject to review of pricing. Revisions to quote may result in a price adjustments. 
• Erecting is NOT included in this quote, unless specifically listed. 
• Erecting estimate is based upon, but not limited to, pad being accessible for a clear 25' around entire building, no trees, powerlines or 
equipment which may interfere with erecting, and power supplied to slab. Erecting estimate does not take into consideration any OSHA, 
Davis Bacon, special insurance requirements, or limit to days and times erecting crews are permitted to work. 
• Accessories not provided by Buck Steel (including but not limited to: windows, doors, cupolas, vents, fans, lighting, stucco, masonry etc.) 
will not be installed by the erector unless otherwise specified. 
• Anchor bolts are NOT included in this quote and are NOT provided by Buck Steel. 
• Concrete is NOT included in this quote and is NOT provided by Buck Steel 
• Buck Steel and/or the Building Engineer is NOT the "Engineer of Record". The customer/owner is responsible for any 'special building 
inspector or "structural engineer required by the city or county for pre and post construction inspections. 
• All prices are in USD. 
• Sales tax is NOT included in this quote. 
Questions about this quote? 
Contact Brian Buck at (866) 574-2826 Ext.114 
Tel 
Florida 
Tennessee 
Website 
www.bucksteel.com 
EFTA00591128

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591129.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591129.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Bliss Point 
For nutrients that we like and therefore seek out, there is a particular 
concentration that makes food most palatable. 
• Too lilttle sugar, and it's not sweet enough. Too much, and it's too 
sweet. The "just right" amount is the Bliss Point. 
Too lilttle salt, and it's not salty enough. Too much, and it's too 
salty. The "just right" amount is the Bliss Point. 
• Too lilttle fat, and it's too bland. Too much, and it's too rich. The 
"just right" amount is the Bliss Point. 
These are nutrients that have been so important to us in our evolutionary 
history that Natural Selection favored genetic variations that 
1. enable us to taste these nutrients 
2. make our brains respond with a "reward" [we like it, it tastes good] 
• The Reward Center of the brain gives us a little jolt of 
endorphins for our reward 
• Endorphins are the endogenous morphine-like chemicals 
that work on the same neuronal receptors as opiate drugs 
3. make our brains remember what we did to get that reward, and 
make us want to do it again 
• This is run by the neruotransmitter, dopamine 
• Reward-seeking actions can become unbelievably powerful, 
which is what addiction is. 
In combination, sugar, fat, and salt act synergistically: combinations are 
far more addictive than any single one alone. Mice, for instance, will work 
as hard to get a mixture of corn oil and sugar as they will to get cocaine. 
The food industry tries very hard to make each food contain 
combinations of 2 or 3 of these nutrients at their Bliss Points. It's done to 
encourage us to buy the food again, because we really like it. That's why it's 
so hard to stay away from some of these foods. For those of us who are 
sensitive to the power of endorphins and dopamine, it becomes virtually 
impossible not to over-eat. 
Below are some Bliss Point ratios of these nutrients, determined from the 
Nutrition Facts information for commercial foods. Different types of foods have 
different ratios, but within a class of food the range is fairly narrow —within a 
Page I 1 of 2 
EFTA00591129
--- PAGE 2 ---
factor of 2 or 3. NOTE: the food industry has not, so far as I know, tried to 
make addictive foods. Rather, it creates foods and asks panels of consumers 
to taste and evaluate them. It is only in retrospect that we have been able to 
apply what we have learned from psychology and neurobiology, and thus re-
phrase the story in terms of the brain's Reward Center and drug addiction. 
Sugar: Fat Ratios 
Foods From: 
Chili's 
Applebees 
Olive Garden 
McDonald's 
Burger King' 
Starbucks 
Panera Bread 
0.4 
Main Courses 
Page I 2 of 2 
Average 
Fat : Salt Ratios 
so 
to 
! 
Main Courses
Low-Fat 
Coffee Drinks 
Foods 
—
L Coffee 
Low-Fat Foods 
Low Sugar Foods 
EFTA00591130

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591131.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591131.pdf
----------------------------------------
canada.com 
Watch out for the bliss point 
BY NICKIE POISON -- MARCH 8, 2013 
Follow your bliss. That is good advice when it means to follow the dictates of your heart and find 
your way in life. But today, bliss has a darker side. 
When it comes to eating, few of us realize we have a scientifically analyzed "bliss point." But 
processed food manufacturers have figured it out in detail. Their food scientists work to create foods 
that fuel our bliss point; they create and feed our cravings. 
The bliss point involves a balance of taste, appearance and mouth feel. Our brain chemistry betrays 
us because those foods act to stimulate the 'feel-good' chemicals in our brains. We enjoy the 
experience and we want more. Given a food with the right combination, most people will find it 
irresistible. 
The more we find out about this kind of food engineering, the more it seems to resemble creating 
addiction. 
More and more voices are being raised to say that the engineered foods are addictive - and that they 
are designed to be so. The marketing of these foods is being questioned, especially as the ads often 
target children. 
One of the processed foods most effective in reaching our bliss point is the potato chip. Start with 
the coating of salt, the fat content that stirs the brain's pleasure centers, the sugar in the potato 
starch, then add the mouth feel of the chip and the crunch itself. It adds up to a very successful junk 
food. 
A British study of health professionals found that even they were gaining weight and the 'food' most 
likely to contribute to the weight, without providing healthy nutrition, was the potato chip. 
Why can't we eat just one? Many reasons, but a big one is the potato starch which is more quickly 
absorbed than regular sugar. It causes blood glucose levels to spike and then fall, leaving us craving 
more. 
Page I 1 of 2 
EFTA00591131
--- PAGE 2 ---
Not all of us are caught by the bliss that these foods can create. Many of us find the processed foods 
too sweet, too salty, or too fatty. Some of us are born with different tastes. Some of us, when we 
steer clear of the world of processed food, find that our tastes change. 
Obviously that is not true for everyone. Walk through a grocery store, and it is quickly obvious that 
processed foods form a huge part of our society's diet. 
Many who did not start out with a taste for processed foods have found themselves going more and 
more in that direction because of the desire for convenience. 
Thanks to well-developed food science, the more processed food you eat, the more you want to eat. 
Probably the best way out of this dilemma is to change our attitudes. Once we know we are being 
manipulated thanks to our bliss point and the cravings it creates for excessive sugar, fat and salt, we 
can look at things differently. 
The recent attention give to the appalling numbers of obese people, particularly children, is helping. 
Two years ago, the Hudson Institute, a US think tank on public policy, reported that healthier foods 
accounted for more than 70 per cent of the growth in sales for consumer packaged goods. 
The advertising on television has shifted. More products are using health as a selling point. 
However, a buyer must still beware. When a processed food suddenly claims to be low in sugar or 
fat or salt, it may not have crossed the line into being a healthy food. Chances are, one problem 
component has been switched for another. 
As one food scientist has said, if you take away the sugar, salt and fat, processed food tends to taste 
like cardboard. So when one of the contributors to the bliss point is removed, more of the others 
must be added in order to maintain an appealing taste. Or a chemical substitute is added to imitate 
the missing component, which often does not serve health either. 
The food companies have done what companies do - they find products that people want and they 
advertise so that people know about the products. The trouble arose when the science of processed 
food grew to know too much about how to give us what we want - and we knew too little. 
We know more now. We can start making better choices. We can look for better options. In the last 
years or so, we have put our convenience ahead of many responsibilities. We expected that 
processed foods would serve our needs. We were wrong. We have to take back the responsibility for 
putting healthy food on our tables. 
Page 12 of 2 
EFTA00591132

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591133.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591133.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE HUFFINGTON POST 
Dow Jones Hits 'Record High' 
Thanks To Strong Performances 
From Smoke, Mirrors Sectors 
Posted: 03/09/2013 9:04 am EST 
This week, amid the hullabaloo over President Barack Obama's Deficit Dinner Diplomacy, and Sen. 
Rand Paul's 13-hour filibuster-cum-dissertation on drone strikes and civil liberties, financial news-
watchers touted a milestone in their lives of Market Worship. We speak, of course, of the Dow Jones 
Industrial Average, which on Tuesday hit an "all-time high" of 14,253.77. The good times rolled steady on 
through the week, and the Dow closed Friday at 14,397.07. 
Of course, the notion that these were "record" highs was not, strictly speaking, true. As Jeff Cox as 
CNBC pointed out, "in inflation-adjusted dollars, the Dow would need to hit 15,731.54 to break the 
record." Nevertheless, the exciting new ordinal number sitting on the stock market index set off a chorus 
of hallelujahs. After all, this was the highest mark it had hit since October 2007. (Of course, if we recall 
correctly, it was about that time that all of our more recent tragic economic events began to occur.) 
The fluctuations of the Dow are typically pored over, by the media, in the same way the ancient 
oracles pieced through the entrails of birds, seeking for whatever path leads to the most prosperity. And in 
the world of politics, partisans on both sides are quick to point to the Dow as generic confirmation that 
their policies are working. As long as the story suits their narrative, anyway. 
And those narratives can sure get woolly and weird quickly. Seemingly within moments of the Dow's 
peak, Nobel Laureate For Dumbness In Extremis and "Dow 36,000" author James K. Glassman was in 
the pages of Bloomberg View (proving once again that there's a sort of "Greater Fool Theory" at work in 
the media, incentivizing normally sensible editors to immediately reach out to capture the point of view of 
the biggest nincompoops in their Rolodexes), crowing about how his old, failed predictions were well on 
the way to coming true. 
Of course, as Jonathan Chait pointed out, Glassman has to toss out the entire underlying thesis of 
"Dow 36,000" (he and coauthor Kevin Hassett theorized that the stock market, circa 1999, was being so 
undervalued that it should have been at 36,00o in the days ahead of the massive tech-bubble bust, as 
opposed to theorizing "some day maybe the Dow will hit 36,000, probably, just you watch") in order to 
claim vindication now. 
Page I 1 of 7 
EFTA00591133
--- PAGE 2 ---
Former Reagan domestic policy adviser Bruce Bartlett just called Glassman a "nitwit" and left it at 
that. 
All of which leads to an obvious point: although we recognize that the long-term trend of the stock 
market is that it has an overall upward trajectory -- punctuated in snapshots by the susurrations of the 
greed/fear cycle — it's nevertheless catnip for a lot of wild-eyed prognosticators. And the over-reliance of 
using the stock market as evidence of economic recovery, or proof of economic fundamentals, is acute. 
So what does it say about the Dow that it can hit this dizzying new height — impressive by any 
measure in any era, post-crash or otherwise — at a time when the overall global economic outlook is so 
dismal, and the domestic recovery is barely felt by the citizens who sacrificed their capital to save the 
world from calamity? It says that we should be gravely concerned. It says that we have a two-tiered 
economy, one where profits flow and another where risks lurk. It says that a lot of people are being left 
behind. And if October 2007 is any guide, it says that this display of prosperity may simply be an illusion. 
The distribution of the stock market's largesse has been perhaps the most un-egalitarian aspect of 
American economics for years. A full so percent of all capital gains go not to the richest i percent of 
Americans, but to the richest o.1 percent, according to The Washington Post. 
But the stock market's persistent upward climb since the spring of zooq has revealed another massive 
disparity: the multinational corporate machinery that generates stock gains has become unmoored from 
the economic reality in which the vast majority of Americans live and die. 
The Dow hits a peak this week amid a host of gloomy global economic forecasts. Back in January, the 
World Bank "sharply reduced its estimate of global economic growth in 2013, projecting that the 
downturn in Europe and the United States' fiscal problems will continue to weigh on investment and 
spending." The World Bank's take on U.S. growth was similarly dismal — its 1.9 percent forecast for the 
coming year was less than the most-pessimistic estimates from the Federal Reserve." There's no end in 
sight to the austerity orgy that's exacerbating Eurozone pain — despite the fact that the EU projects that 
their economy "which generates nearly a fifth of global output, will shrink 0.3 percent in 2013." (Analysts 
are currently divided on whether or not China is also experiencing a slowdown at the moment as well.) 
Closer to home, we received a gentle boost from this month's employment numbers — 236,000 jobs 
were created this past month (pending after-the-fact revisions in the months to come), which is closer to 
the ideal in terms of keeping ahead of labor market growth and digging out of the post-crash hole. The 
overall unemployment rate has subsequently dropped to 7.7 percent. But those numbers can mask a bevy 
of problems. As Matt Yglesias points out, the situation for the long-term unemployed is becoming a bona 
fide crisis that calls for "targeted interventions."' 
And even if the unemployment number continues to drop, there's a real concern over what sort of jobs 
are being added back to the economy. Will they be quality jobs that put those entering (and re-entering) 
the labor force on a sustainable path to household prosperity? Or is everyone heading to a future of toil 
in Amazon shipping warehouses? It's worth being fretful -- many of those who will be entering the job 
Page 12 of 7 
EFTA00591134
--- PAGE 3 ---
market for the first time will be carrying student loans out of a period of sky-high college tuition, which 
taken as a whole, may form the backbone of the next great financial crisis. 
Even as the economy has tipped and trended in the direction of what we might nominally call 
"recovery," the answer to the question, "Who has recovered?" reveals some stark truths. 
As University of California, Berkeley economics professor Emmanuel Saez calculated, losses in 
average family income during the Great Recession were felt across the board. Average real income per 
family declined by 17 percent. And the top income earners took it on the chin a little harder. As the bottom 
percent experienced a 12 percent drop in average income, the uppermost percentile's income fell 36 
percent. As Saez reports, "The sharp fall in top incomes is explained primarily by the collapse of realized 
capital gains due to the stock-market crash." 
Of course, the top i percent nevertheless were largely sheltered from the stresses that afflicted the 
most vulnerable, as you would expect. What you perhaps didn't expect was how the recovery distributed 
itself across the same groups (emphasis ours): 
From 2009 to 2011, average real income per family grew modestly by 1.7% but the gains were very 
uneven. Top i% incomes grew by 11.2% while bottom 99% incomes shrunk by 0.4%. Hence, the top t% 
captured ni% of the income gains in the first two years of the recovery. From 2009 to 2010, 
top i% grew fast and then stagnated from 2010 to 2011. Bottom 99% stagnated both from 2009 to 2010 
and from 2010 to 2011. In 2012, top i% income will likely surge, due to booming stock-prices, as well as 
re-timing of income to avoid the higher 2013 top tax rates. Bottom 99% will likely grow much more 
modestly than top 1% incomes from 2011 to 2012. 
This suggests that the Great Recession has only depressed top income shares 
temporarily and will not undo any of the dramatic increase in top income shares that has 
taken place since the 1970s. 
Much of the economic recovery is simply an increase in the value of financial assets: stocks and 
bonds. And most people just don't own stocks. In 2011, only 21 percent of American adults even had a 
401(k) retirement account, according to a HuffPost analysis of data from the Investment Company 
Institute. Only 52 percent of all adults older than 65 receive money from financial assets at all, with half of 
that set receiving less than $1,260 a year, according to the Pension Rights Center. 
Growth that everyone relies on, like that of home values and wages, has been sluggish. At the end of 
2012, the M/Case-Shiller home price index was roughly where it was at the beginning of 2009 (which 
was also roughly where it was in the fall of 2003). 
Page 13 of 7 
EFTA00591135
--- PAGE 4 ---
— Median home price for previously occupied homes, in S. 
230,000 
220,000 
210,000 
200,000 
190,000 
180,000 
170,000 
160,000 
150,000 
'05 
'07 
139 
'10 
'11 
'12 
Lkda omnpited by the Natot‘al Assodstion of ReahomfectSer 
And even as the stock market hits this celebrated peak, the wages that average Americans are bringing 
home to, you know, "put food on their family," are plunging into a trough -- despite measurable gains in 
overal productivity. 
0.54 
0.52 
-.0.50 
it 
Is 
iri 
0.48 
.. 
*8 
ig 0.46 
0.42 
1940 
1950 
1960 
1970 
1980 
1990 
2000 
Shaded areas indicate US recessions. 
FRED -, 
2013 research.suouisred.org 
— 
2010 
202C 
In fact, as Robert Reich points out, the way those productivity gains are being achieved leaves out 
workers altogether, and they are coining about as a result of actions taken by policymakers: 
Page I 4 of 7 
EFTA00591136
--- PAGE 5 ---
Corporations have been investing in technology rather than their workers. They get tax credits and 
deductions for such investments; they get no such tax benefits for improving the skills of their employees. 
As a result, corporations can now do more with fewer people on their payrolls. That means higher profits. 
Reich adds: 
Joblessness all but eliminates the bargaining power of most workers -- allowing corporations to keep 
wages low. Public policies that might otherwise reduce unemployment — a new WPA or CCC to hire the 
long-term unemployed, major investments in the nation's crumbling infrastructure — have been rejected 
in favor of austerity economics. This also means higher profits, at least in the short run. 
In other words, the labor force is being squeezed for every last drop of productivity, because 
employers know that they're holding all the cards. If the economy were approaching full employment, 
discontented or overworked employees would have options and leverage. Right now, they don't. If you've 
got a job, you need to hang onto it for dear life. That's an environment for scraping out survival, not the 
economic mobility we rightly celebrate during boom-years. 
Another thing to keep in mind is that the Dow is hitting this peak at a time when everyone in the 
world knows that the debate over the sequestration -- whose cuts have awesome recession-generating 
powers! — has gone into vapor-lock, with the GOP refusing to compromise on raising revenues, through 
the very tax reform proposals that formed the basis of the party's recent presidential campaign. 
Everyone has been warned about the consequences of the sequestration, it's just that corporate 
America currently has the fortunate position of being able to greet the news with a shrug, as The New 
York Times reported this week: 
With $85 billion in automatic cuts taking effect between now and Sept. 3o as part of the so-called federal 
budget sequestration, some experts warn that economic growth will be reduced by at least half a 
percentage point. But although experts estimate that sequestration could cost the country about 700,000 
jobs, Wall Street does not expect the cuts to substantially reduce corporate profits — or seriously threaten 
the recent rally in the stock markets. 
"It's minimal," said Savita Subramanian, head of United States equity and quantitative strategy at 
Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Over all, the sequester could reduce earnings at the biggest companies by 
just over i percent, she said, adding, "the market wants more austerity." 
Well, if that's true, the market is going to love the dire, short-term consequences that the 
sequestration is going to bring to many Americans closer to the ground-level of the economy. Reich 
rounds up those who'll be hit the hardest and most immediately: 125,000 people are going to lose their 
rental subsidies, io,000 more will be cut off from similar subsidies intended to assist Americans living in 
rural areas, ioo,000 people face getting kicked out of emergency homeless shelters, and cuts are coming 
to unemployment insurance, Title I education programs, Head Start, and anti-hunger subsidies. 
Page 15 of 7 
EFTA00591137
--- PAGE 6 ---
It's not like those who bid on the stock market can't grasp the looming disaster, they're just 
completely unconcerned. (As you may recall, the market didn't exactly take to its fainting couch as the so-
called "fiscal cliff" loomed, either, despite dire warnings of a market spasm.) That's what carting off 121 
percent of an economic recovery will do for a person, safely ensconced atop the income ladder. 
Fittingly, even as the sequestration's hammer is poised to come down, The Wall Street Journal reports 
that the market for luxury goods is booming. The newspaper characterizes this as evidence of the 
economic robustness, connecting "The economy has bounced back from recession" to "As a result, wealthy 
Americans are spending freely on expensive clothing, accessories, jewelry and beauty products." 
The Wall Street Journal quotes "HSBC luxury-goods analyst Antoine Belge" thusly, "bends in luxury 
consumption in the U.S. have continued to outperform overall consumer trends" This is actually evidence 
that you and most of the people you know are getting left, far behind, in the post-crash economy. 
The average participant in the overall American economy isn't fooled by any of this. They well know 
what Matt Phillips points out at Quartz, household incomes "haven't gone anywhere but down." As 
Phillips relates, "Real median US household income — that's "real," as in "adjusted for inflation" -- was 
$50,054 in zon, the most recent data available from the US Census Bureau. That's 8% lower than the 
2007 peak of $54489." 
He goes on to show that consumer expectations strike a serious contrast with the mood from within 
the Dow Jones Revival Tent: 
— 
Conference Board income expectations, six months hence 
I5 
II I 
-15 
Plant,
'075 
Del 
(16 
'07 
'08 
119 
'10 
'II 
'12 
Dna compiled by Confertnce (bard. Fan Se, 
We are led, then, inevitably, to a conclusion that we all feel, but no one says aloud. The American 
middle class, in other words, no longer lives in a financial economy. But the gold-standard economic 
Page 16of 7 
EFTA00591138
--- PAGE 7 ---
metrics that we hold out as the key measurements of prosperity -- the economy of Wall Street, of gross 
domestic product figures, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average is purely financial. 
For the time being, assume that you and everyone who you care about is screwed. Congratulations. 
Pagel 7 of 7 
EFTA00591139

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591140.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591140.pdf
----------------------------------------
at New Mork TAmeo 
By PAUL KRUGMAN 
March 10, 2013 
Dwindling Deficit Disorder 
For three years and more, policy debate in Washington has been dominated by warnings 
about the dangers of budget deficits. A few lonely economists have tried from the 
beginning to point out that this fixation is all wrong, that deficit spending is actually 
appropriate in a depressed economy. But even though the deficit scolds have been 
wrong about everything so far — where are the soaring interest rates we were promised? 
— protests that we are having the wrong conversation have consistently fallen on deaf 
ears. 
What's really remarkable at this point, however, is the persistence of the deficit fixation 
in the face of rapidly changing facts. People still talk as if the deficit were exploding, as if 
the United States budget were on an unsustainable path; in fact, the deficit is falling 
more rapidly than it has for generations, it is already down to sustainable levels, and it is 
too small given the state of the economy. 
Start with the raw numbers. America's budget deficit soared after the 2008 financial 
crisis and the recession that went with it, as revenue plunged and spending on 
unemployment benefits and other safety-net programs rose. And this rise in the deficit 
was a good thing! Federal spending helped sustain the economy at a time when the 
private sector was in panicked retreat; arguably, the stabilizing role of a large 
government was the main reason the Great Recession didn't turn into a full replay of the 
Great Depression. 
But after peaking in 2009 at $1.4 trillion, the deficit began coming down. The 
Congressional Budget Office expects the deficit for fiscal 2013 (which began in October 
and is almost half over) to be $845 billion. That may still sound like a big number, but 
given the state of the economy it really isn't. 
Bear in mind that the budget doesn't have to be balanced to put us on a fiscally 
sustainable path; all we need is a deficit small enough that debt grows more slowly than 
the economy. To take the classic example, America never did pay off the debt from 
World War II — in fact, our debt doubled in the 3o years that followed the war. But debt 
as a percentage of G.D.P. fell by three-quarters over the same period. 
Page I 1 of 2 
EFTA00591140
--- PAGE 2 ---
Right now, a sustainable deficit would be around $460 billion. The actual deficit is 
bigger than that. But according to new estimates by the budget office, half of our current 
deficit reflects the effects of a still-depressed economy. The "cyclically adjusted" deficit 
— what the deficit would be if we were near full employment — is only about $423 
billion, which puts it in the sustainable range; next year the budget office expects that 
number to fall to just $172 billion. And that's why budget office projections show the 
nation's debt position more or less stable over the next decade. 
So we do not, repeat do not, face any kind of deficit crisis either now or for years to 
come. 
There are, of course, longer-term fiscal issues: rising health costs and an aging 
population will put the budget under growing pressure over the course of the 2020s. But 
I have yet to see any coherent explanation of why these longer-run concerns should 
determine budget policy right now. And as I said, given the needs of the economy, the 
deficit is currently too small. 
Put it this way: Smart fiscal policy involves having the government spend when the 
private sector won't, supporting the economy when it is weak and reducing debt only 
when it is strong. Yet the cyclically adjusted deficit as a share of G.D.P. is currently 
about what it was in 2006, at the height of the housing boom — and it is headed down. 
Yes, we'll want to reduce deficits once the economy recovers, and there are gratifying 
signs that a solid recovery is finally under way. But unemployment, especially long-term 
unemployment, is still unacceptably high. "The boom, not the slump, is the time for 
austerity," John Maynard Keynes declared many years ago. He was right — all you have 
to do is look at Europe to see the disastrous effects of austerity on weak economies. And 
this is still nothing like a boom. 
Now, I'm aware that the facts about our dwindling deficit are unwelcome in many 
quarters. Fiscal fearmongering is a major industry inside the Beltway, especially among 
those looking for excuses to do what they really want, namely dismantle Medicare, 
Medicaid and Social Security. People whose careers are heavily invested in the deficit-
scold industry don't want to let evidence undermine their scare tactics; as the deficit 
dwindles, we're sure to encounter a blizzard of bogus numbers purporting to show that 
we're still in some kind of fiscal crisis. 
But we aren't. The deficit is indeed dwindling, and the case for making the deficit a 
central policy concern, which was never very strong given low borrowing costs and high 
unemployment, has now completely vanished. 
Page I 2 of 2 
EFTA00591141

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591142.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591142.pdf
----------------------------------------
the
lung
 post 
March
10. 2013
The high costs of Medicare's low prices 
By David Goldhill 
David Goldhill is chief executive of GSN, a media company, and the author of "Catastrophic Care: How 
American Health Care Killed My Father — and How We Can Fix It." 
Steven Brill's recent Time magazine cover story, "Bitter Pill: Why Medical Bills Are Killing Us," is an 
extraordinarily well-reported look at medical pricing, demonstrating that high health-care prices have 
little relationship to underlying cost. For many commentators, the much lower prices paid by Medicare 
suggests an obvious solution to our health-care problems — "Medicare for all." There's only one 
problem with this "obvious" solution: Medicare has been a primary driver of the explosion of health-
care costs in the United States despite — and perhaps because of — the low prices it pays. 
Over the past decade, Medicare's spending per beneficiary has risen at roughly the same rate as 
spending for privately insured patients. Medicare's supporters have a simple explanation: Americans are 
living longer, and this is driving up the program's costs. But Medicare's own data say that a much more 
important factor is the growing intensity of use: more demand for care at every age. 
In the mainstream of our health-care debate, this growth in seniors' demand is considered organic — a 
need to be fulfilled. But this extraordinary growth in volume is better understood as a provider reaction 
to the perverse incentives of low prices. Faced with buyers focused on volumes — such as private 
insurers — the health-care industry prices high; when dealing with buyers focused on prices — such as 
Medicare and Medicaid — the focus shifts to raising volumes, especially of more-costly procedures. 
Both strategies demonstrate the industry's enormous market power. 
Medicare beneficiaries get a lot of health care, and these amounts grow every year. In 10 years, the 
number of CT and MRI scans per beneficiary more than doubled; hip replacements increased by 36 
percent between 1997 and 2007. One out of three Medicare beneficiaries now has at least one surgery 
in the year of his or her death; even 20 percent of 90-year-olds do! The average 75-year-old is on five 
prescription drugs. Here's a fact you rarely hear about Medicare: Annual spending just on those in 
excellent or very good health was an astonishing $5,437 per person in 2008. 
If you have relatives who are Medicare beneficiaries, you've probably experienced the medicalization of 
senior years — the perverse fate of the healthiest generation of seniors in history. But although the past 
years have seen a slew of insider accounts discussing the rise in unnecessary tests, diagnoses and even 
treatments far beyond any benefit to the patient, little awareness of the harm inflicted by growth in 
medical volume has seeped into policy debates. 
Page I 1 of 2 
EFTA00591142
--- PAGE 2 ---
The explosion of "care" under Medicare is an assault on the very bodies of our seniors. Health care is 
often a real benefit, of course, but all of it involves physical costs in side effects, recovery periods and 
the risk of error. An extensive survey by Medicare's inspector general noted that one in seven hospital 
admissions of a Medicare beneficiary resulted in an "adverse event" from care; an unbelievable 1.5 
percent — translating to 15,000 patients per month — experience an "event" that contributed to their 
death. 
It's difficult to hear that pricing policy may drive the very nature, and not just the cost, of health care, 
but "diagnosis creep," the substitution of expensive drugs for cheaper ones and an increasing number of 
more expensive procedures seem like common yet subtle responses to Medicare's efforts to manage by 
price. Medicare claims that hospitals and other institutions actually lose money — an average of 4.5 
percent of their reimbursements — on services provided to Medicare beneficiaries and have suffered 
such losses every year since 2003. Yet the number of hospitals taking Medicare patients has grown in 
every one of those years. Why? And what explains all those ads targeting Medicare and Medicaid 
beneficiaries if those programs are such tough customers? 
Brill referred several times in his lime article to the "protection" Medicare offers its beneficiaries from 
high prices. But the massive expansion of care unleashed by Medicare's perverse incentives means that 
just the tiny sliver of care paid directly by seniors — at the low prices established by Medicare — now 
accounts for a higher share of their income than before Medicare existed. 
Single-payer advocates contend that other nations have managed to better control health-care spending 
— volumes and prices — by enforcing a true budget for cost. But any review of how our Medicare 
system actually works illustrates why a single-payer system would be so difficult here: Our government 
has a pervasive inability to say "no." Only in the United States is public health care an unbudgeted 
entitlement: Our government promises to pay for any care seniors need and providers respond by 
relentlessly expanding the definition of need. It's no coincidence. 
Medicare is a major source of votes and campaign contributions, both of which reinforce our politicians' 
unwillingness to address exploding volumes. The program's low administrative costs aren't an 
accomplishment; they're a refusal to discipline excess care, even dangerous care. The program's low 
prices are a mirage. As any businessperson knows, with enough market power — not to mention 
political power — you can always make it up in volume. 
Page I 2 of 2 
EFTA00591143

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591144.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591144.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mashable 
03/10/2013 
What Happens to Social Media After a 
Twitter Revolution 
Lorenzo Franceschi-BIcchleral 
Two years after the Arab Spring, questions still remain as to how much social media 
actually helped fuel and drive the uprisings that arose in Tunisia and swept across the 
region. But regardless of what happened during those Twitter-fueled revolutions, what's 
happened afterward? 
That's what social media analytics firm Crimson Hexagon and Sanitas International wanted 
to find out when it decided to analyze tweets coming out of Egypt, Libya and even Syria, 
where there still is a war going on. The results of its 3-month study, which will be discussed 
in a panelat SXSW on Sunday, underscore the changes these countries are undergoing. 
"Nobody has really talked about what happens when people put their flags away and go 
home," Christopher Harvin, co-founder and partner at Sanitas International, told Mashable. 
Crimson Hexagon turned to Twitter and crafted specific keywords to analyze the tweets. 
That's how the authors of the study were able to have an idea about what the population of 
Page I 1 of 3 
EFTA00591144
--- PAGE 2 ---
these countries we're talking about online, according to Elizabeth Breese, an analyst at 
Crimson Hexagon. 
The main discovery of the study is that after the uprisings brought down decades-old 
regimes, "citizens in Egypt and Libya use social media to talk about revolution and state-
building in two distinct registers: instrumental and interpretative," the study's abstract says. 
In Egypt, that means that citizens are both expressing their opinions and views of the 
current political atmosphere and talking about the new institutions and how to build a new 
government. Spanning from February 2011 to June 2012, the study analyzed around 12 
million tweets in Arabic and more than one million in English. The results underline how the 
population shifted its focus from looking back and reflecting on the revolution, to looking 
forward and focusing on new state institutions and the elections. 
Before the election period, from February 2011 until November of the same year, 54% of 
the tweets analyzed were "reflections on the revolution." After that, and until mid-January 
2012, only 26% of tweets were about the uprising, and the rest were about the elections 
and state institutions. From February until June, tweets about revolutionary activities 
dropped to 10%, according to the study abstract. 
The picture in Libya is significantly different, according to the data. After the death 
of Gaddafi, in October 2011 and until December of the same year, depending on the 
language of the tweets, the people were talking about different things. In English more 
tweets were about military clashes, while in Arabic most of the conversations were about 
state-building. 
Most interestingly, Libyan people seemed to struggle to move on more than Egyptians. 
Even months after Gaddafi's death, more than one-third of of conversation in both 
languages were about "the punishment and fate of Gaddafi's family," and "the crimes of the 
Gaddafi era," according to the abstract. 
Sanitas and Crimson Hexagon decided to analyze tweets from Syria too, even though the 
country is still at war. Unsurprisingly, most tweets (more than 60% in both Arabic and 
English) in Syria are about war clashes, violence and coping with death. Perhaps 
unexpectedly, only 7% of tweets in English and 4% in Arabic criticize the C. and call for 
international intervention. 
Check out the infographic below to see some of the results of the study. 
Page 12 of 3 
EFTA00591145
--- PAGE 3 ---
I OVERTHREW MY GOVERNMENT 
Alter toppling repressive and corrupt regimes, 
citizens in Egypt and Libya use social media 
• 
to talk about revolution and state-building 
in two distinct registers: instrumental and 
interpretive. 
#OVERTHOWN 
LIBYA AFTER BADDAFI: 10.13.11 — 12.31.11 
3not 01 conversation pertained to stale Cat:ding and the 
anNattecal Transitions' Council INTC1 
ARABIC  
1% repotted widely denier
I 
ENGLISH 
30% teemed militate clashes 
lo
tOr  
n9 
c 
National TianeillOnel Cc. 
-. 
inhirelSellOn pettalneC 
titly.
. .t.co inn the 
LIBYA TRANSITION: 1.1.12 — 4.30.12 
1/3 
1/10 
..iVovv Aihat,? 
Citizens use social media instrumentally to alert 
others in their social networks to events and 
last-changing developments. to report police or 
military violence. and to coordinate action. 
After revolution in Egypt and Libya. citizens 
also use social media to Interpret the meaning 
of their social and political experiences and 
what they believe the luture holds for their 
nation and countrymen and women 
PERIOD OF SCAF RULE: 2. 11.11 — 11.11.11 
54% 
o: Arabic tweet:: 
about 'reflections on 
the revolution 
ELECTIONS PERIOD: 11.12.11 — 6.1.12 
conversation shift from revolution to 
state-building 
/
• 
---_____ 
LIBYA 
posts addressed the pun: — 
-: and late Cot Caddell's 
family and supporters anc ine crimes of the Caddell era 
posts discussed the lutute of Libya in a positive. 
optimistic light 
posts discussed the future of Libya in a negative. 
pessimistic light. 
WHAT ABOUT SYRIA? 
• In Arabic, 20% of the conversation discusses Free Syrian Army prowess and anti.Assad opin-
ion. In English. the proportion of the conversation about the Free Syrian Army's progress and 
anti•Assad opinion is 19% 
• In English. 7% of the conversation criticizes the U.N. and Includes appeals to the world 
beyond Syria to intervene. In Arabic. this segment is 4% of the conversation.
Mar habit composite. image via iitacAphoto FMNG. Infographic courtesy of Crimson Hexagon 
Page 13 of 3 
EFTA00591146

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591147.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591147.pdf
----------------------------------------
ashington 4105t 
March 11. 2013 
Paul Ryan's make-believe budget 
By Eugene Robinson 
If Rep. Paul Ryan wants people to take his budget manifestos seriously, he should be 
honest about his ambition: not so much to make the federal government fiscally 
sustainable as to make it smaller. 
You will recall that the Ryan Budget was a big Republican selling point in last year's 
election. Most famously, Ryan proposed turning Medicare into a voucher program. He 
offered the usual GOP recipe of tax cuts — to be offset by closing certain loopholes, 
which he would not specify — along with drastic reductions in non-defense 
"discretionary" spending. 
If the plan Ryan offered had been enacted, the federal budget would not come into 
balance until 2040. For some reason, Republicans forgot to mention this detail in their 
stump speeches and campaign ads. 
Voters were supposed to believe that Ryan was an apostle of fiscal rectitude. But his real 
aim wasn't to balance the budget. It was to starve the federal government of revenue. 
Big government, in his worldview, is inherently bad — never mind that we live in an 
awfully big country. 
Ryan and Mitt Romney offered their vision, President Obama offered his, and 
Americans made their choice. Rather emphatically. 
Now Ryan, as chairman of the House Budget Committee, is coming back with an 
ostensibly new and improved version of the framework that voters rejected in 
November. Judging by the preview he offered Sunday, the new plan is even less 
grounded in reality than was the old one. 
Voters might not have focused on the fact that Ryan's original plan wouldn't have 
produced a balanced budget until today's high school students reached middle age, but 
the true deficit hawks in the House Republican caucus certainly noticed. They 
demanded a budget that reached balance much sooner. Hence Ryan's revised plan, 
which claims to accomplish this feat of equilibrium within a decade. 
It will, in fact, do nothing of the sort, because it appears to depend on at least one 
ridiculous assumption and two glaring contradictions. That's for starters; 
confident 
we'll see more absurdities when the full proposal is released soon. 
Page I 1 of 2 
EFTA00591147
--- PAGE 2 ---
Appearing on "Fox News Sunday," Ryan said his plan assumes that the far-reaching 
reforms known as Obamacare will be repealed. Host Chris Wallace reacted with open 
disbelief: "That's not going to happen." 
Indeed, to take Ryan seriously is to believe that legislation repealing the landmark 
Affordable Care Act would be approved by the Senate, with its Democratic majority, and 
signed by Obama. What are the odds? That's a clown question, bro. 
As he did in the campaign, Ryan attacked Obama's health reforms for cutting about 
$700 billion from Medicare over a decade, not by slashing benefits but by reducing 
payments to providers. Ryan neglected to mention that his own budget — the one he 
convinced the party to run on in 2012 - would cut Medicare by the same amount. 
Actually, by a little more. 
This was hypocrisy raised to high art. How could anyone who claimed to be so very 
worried about the crushing federal debt blithely renounce $7oo billion in savings? Ryan 
suggested Sunday that once Obamacare is repealed, this money can be plowed back into 
Medicare. Which, as you recall, will never happen. 
While Ryan's new budget assumes that Obamacare goes away, it also assumes that the 
tax increase on high earners approved in the "fiscal cliff" deal remains in place. "That's 
current law," he said, as if Obamacare were not. 
Ryan's sudden respect for a tax increase that had to be — metaphorically — crammed 
down Republicans' throats is easily explained. He needs the $600 billion in revenue it 
produces to make his new fantasyland budget appear to reach balance. 
Ryan is likely to reprise — and even augment — the hundreds of billions of dollars in 
cuts he proposed last year for social programs. He indicated that he still believes 
Medicare should be voucherized, although he objects to the word and insists that what 
he advocates is "premium support." And he asserted that Obamacare's expansion of 
Medicaid, the health-care program for the poor, is "reckless" — even as tea party-
approved Republican governors such as Rick Scott of Florida announce their states' 
participation. 
From the evidence, Ryan cares less about deficits or tax rates than about finding some 
way to dramatically reduce the size of the federal government. He has every right to hold 
that view. But it's hard to take him seriously as long as he refuses to come clean about 
his intentions. 
Page I 2 of 2 
EFTA00591148

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591149.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591149.pdf
----------------------------------------
E5bc New !lark tiuus march
 1, 2013 
The Worst of the Ryan Budgets 
EDITORIAL 
There's nothing wrong with President Obama speed-dating members of Congress. Meeting face 
to face over food and wine, as Mr. Obama has recently done with several groups of lawmakers 
from both parties, may ease the demonizing politics of the last four years — along with the 
president's well-earned reputation for aloofness. And given how little some Republicans know 
about his budget proposals — one senator confessed he had no idea what Mr. Obama wanted to 
cut before last week's dinner — the shared meals were probably overdue. 
But Mr. Obama should have no illusions about the core beliefs of some of his Republican dining 
partners, or their willingness to accept change. That was made clear on Tuesday when the House 
Budget Committee chairman, Representative Paul Ryan, unveiled his 2014 spending plan: a 
retread of ideas that voters soundly rejected, made even worse, if possible, by sharper cuts to 
vital services and more dishonest tax provisions. 
The budget, which will surely fly through the House, was quickly praised as "serious" and job-
creating by the Senate Republican leader, Mitch McConnell, though it is neither. By cutting $4.6 
trillion from spending over the next decade, it would reverse the country's nascent economic 
growth, kill millions of real and potential jobs, and deprive those suffering the most of social 
assistance. 
All the tired ideas from 2011 and 2012 are back: eliminating Medicare's guarantee to retirees by 
turning it into a voucher plan; dispensing with Medicaid and food stamps by turning them into 
block grants for states to cut freely; repealing most of the reforms to health care and Wall Street; 
shrinking beyond recognition the federal role in education, job training, transportation and 
scientific and medical research. The public opinion of these callous proposals was made clear in 
the fall election, but Mr. Ryan is too ideologically fervid to have learned that lesson. 
The 2014 budget is even worse than that of the previous two years because it attempts to balance 
the budget in 10 years instead of the previous 20 or more. That would take nondefense 
discretionary spending down to nearly 2 percent of the economy, the lowest in modern history. 
And in its laziest section, it sets a goal of slashing the top tax rate for the rich to 25 percent from 
Page I 1 of 2 
EFTA00591149
--- PAGE 2 ---
39.6 percent, though naturally Mr. Ryan doesn't explain how this could happen without raising 
taxes on middle- and lower-income people. (Sound familiar?) 
There's no need, of course, to balance the budget in 10 years or even 20; these dates are 
arbitrary, designed solely to impress the extreme fiscal conservatives who now compose the core 
of the Republican Party. That same core in the House will almost certainly reject the 2014 
Democratic budget expected from the Senate on Wednesday. It will take a far more evenhanded 
approach, cutting spending by $1 trillion while eliminating tax breaks for the wealthy and 
spending $100 billion on job training and infrastructure. 
If the Ryan budget is any indication, Mr. Obama's quest to bring reason to an unreasonable party 
may be doomed from the outset. 
Page 12 of 2 
EFTA00591150

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591151.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591151.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE DAILY 
BEAST 
READ THIS SKIP THAT 
The Heresy Hunters of CPAC 
by Michael Moynihan Mar 13, 2013 
Ideological purity! Patriots only! The heresy hunters of this week's Conservative Political Action 
Conference sniffed out and rejected those who aren't 'suitably' right wing, like Chris Christie and 
GOProud. It'll ensure the same losing result, writes Michael Moynihan. 
Every year the doyens of the Conservative Political Action Conference issue a series of indirect 
proclamations on who qualifies as an echt conservative. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie? Not one of us; 
too chummy with the president during Hurricane Sandy and too squishy on gun control. The gay 
conservative group GOProud? We're open to sinners—Newt Gingrich is a scheduled speaker, after all—
but not ones who have contempt for the institution of marriage. Donald Trump? A sinner too, on wife 
No. 3 and pro-abortion rights to boot, he believes that President Obama might have been born in Kenya. 
Nevertheless, Trump is an "American patriot" popular with conservatives, said one conference 
organizer. 
It's hardly surprising that CPAC is interested in ideological purity, considering the right-wing confab is 
organized by the American Conservative Union, a group that provides "legislative rankings" to those in 
Congress who insist on differentiating between those "who protect liberty as conservatives and those 
who are truly liberal." As its website explains, "ACU defines conservatism" (emphasis in original). And 
that definition seems rather narrow these days. 
This big-game hunting of RINOs ("Republicans in Name Only"), the replacing of unreliably conservative 
candidates with the undereducated and unelectable ones, lost the party a number of safe seats in 
recent years. And as anyone who has attended a recent CPAC has witnessed, the "grassroots activists" 
of the right—a rather different species from the average Republican voter—seem increasingly incapable 
of calmly arguing that America is being forced off the road to prosperity and onto the road to serfdom. 
Concerns about overweening government, which one could manage with sensible anecdotes about 
debt, drones, and taxes, are punctuated with an invocation of Marx or Mao. (At the 2011 CPAC, I spent 
bizarre minutes chatting with the president of the John Birch Society, a "co-sponsor" of that year's 
event.) 
Between the babble about ascendant American Leninism and the infiltration of the ACU by operatives of 
the Muslim Brotherhood (seriously), one can't help but be reminded of an ideology CPAC attendees 
profess to loathe. In The Road to Wigan Pier, George Orwell noted that his comrades on the left 
Page I 1 of 3 
EFTA00591151
--- PAGE 2 ---
frequently obsessed over ideological purity: "Sometimes, when I listen to these people talking ... I get 
the impression that, to them, the whole socialist movement is no more than a kind of exciting heresy-
hunt—a leaping to and fro of frenzied witch-doctors to the beat of tom-toms and the tune of 'Fee fi, fo, 
fum, I smell the blood of a right-wing deviationist!" 
All chuckled when asked if they would be attending CPAC. Too many kooks, said one. Too much Gingrich 
and Trump, said another. 
The heresy hunters, who have stood foursquare behind an increasingly unpopular party, identified a 
number of deviationists that aren't suitably right wing, like Gov. Christie and the rock-ribbed righties of 
GOProud, both of whom weren't invited to participate in this year's conference. This despite the 
support of 73 percent of Americans between 18 and 29 years old for gay marriage and Christie being 
America's most popular governor. 
"Not only are [GOP leaders] out of touch with most Americans," said GOProud co-founder Jimmy 
LaSalvia via email, "they don't even know what their own base thinks." The massive shift in attitudes 
toward gay rights, he argues, means that Republicans who don't embrace tolerance will doom the party. 
"Until they are willing to publicly engage with gay Americans, they will continue to lose at the ballot 
box." 
Many members of the conservative establishment agree. MSNBC's house righty, S.E. Cupp, pulled out of 
the conference over the exclusion of GOProud. And the blackballing of Christie raised the hackles of Wall 
Street Journal editorial page editor Paul Gigot, Fox News contributor Charles Krauthammer, and Rep. 
Peter King (R-NY), who told CNN that ignoring Christie was "a suicidal death wish." But the president of 
one CPAC co-sponsor, Accuracy in Media, celebrated the decision and recommended "a panel on the 
dangers of the homosexual movement and why some of its members seem prone to violence, terror, 
and treason." 
One could reasonably conclude that CPAC organizers either put little trust in the intellectual agility of its 
participants (lest they be swayed by poisonous heresies) or believe that too many activists —the type 
who travel to M. for CPAC—would be offended by the heterodoxies of Christie and GOProud. 
Indeed, a look at the 2013 CPAC speakers list doesn't suggest the ACU is particularly worried about 
conservatism's future. There's a smattering of new blood—including the insurgent triumvirate of Ted 
Cruz, Rand Paul, and Marco Rubio. But attendees also will get a large serving of stale ideas from 
Gingrich, Sarah Palin, Allen West, Rick Santorum, Mitch McConnell, Wayne LaPierre, Rick Perry, and, of 
course, Mitt Romney. One revealing ideological omission, and one that has largely passed without 
comment, is the lack of neoconservative voices at the conference, save one panel discussion on Iran. 
And it's perhaps indicative of the party's drift toward more libertarian ideas that CPAC kicks off with a 
discussion called "Too Many American Wars? Should We Fight Anywhere and Can We Afford It?" Try 
getting that past the ACU in 2007. 
John Boehner addresses the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), in Washington, February 
18, 2010. (Cliff Owen/AP) 
Page 12 of 3 
EFTA00591152
--- PAGE 3 ---
And one CPAC co-sponsor, the libertarian Competitive Enterprise Institute, has smuggled in a panel on 
gay rights. "A Rainbow on the Right: Growing the Coalition, Bringing Tolerance Out of the Closet" will 
feature a conversation with, among others, GOProud co-founder LaSalvia and National Review's Jonah 
Goldberg, who recently complained that it's one thing to oppose gay marriage but "quite another to say 
that dissenting gay groups—that is, conservative gay groups—can't officially hand out fliers on the 
premises" of CPAC. 
The instinct that there is something rotten—or at least broken—in modern conservatism isn't limited to 
those on the party's socially liberal, libertarian-leaning wing. In The American Conservative, Rod Dreher 
wrote recently that "even though 
a middle-aged, churchgoing white right-winger who has not the 
slightest attraction to liberalism, I increasingly don't want to be associated with what 'conservative' 
means here and now." A number of conservative journalists I spoke with expressed similar 
dissatisfaction with the state of "the movement," all chuckling when asked if they would be attending 
CPAC. Too many kooks, said one. Too much Gingrich and Trump, said another. 
It's funny, then, to see a panel discussion celebrating the legacy of sainted conservative intellectual 
William F. Buckley, a man who not only purged bonkers conspiracists like the John Birch Society but 
edited a magazine that openly and robustly debated gay rights. A 1978 article excoriated Pat Buchanan's 
homophobia and the "irrational" conservative fear of homosexuality; a 1986 cover story was succinctly 
titled "A Conservative Speaks Out for Gay Rights." 
But here we are, in 2013, and conservatism's biggest gathering wants to ensure that the Republican 
Party maintains ideological purity and the ability to consistently lose elections. 
Page 13 of 3 
EFTA00591153

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591154.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591154.pdf
----------------------------------------
at New Mork TAmeo March
 1, 201, 
On the Brink in Italy 
By LIZ ALDERMAN 
GUIDONIA, Italy — Emanuele Tedeschi wiped sawdust from his hands and gestured 
around the cavernous woodworking factory that has been in his family for two 
generations. The big machines, which used to run overtime carving custom furnishings 
for private homes, Roman palazzi and even the Vatican, sat idle on a shop floor nearly 
devoid of workers. 
"A year and a half ago, the noise from production was so loud that you had to shout to 
be heard," said Mr. Tedeschi, walking amid pallets of cherry and other fine woods 
stacked up and waiting for a purpose. 
Since a government austerity plan designed to shield Italy from Europe's debt crisis 
took hold last year, the economy has tumbled into one of worst recessions of any euro 
zone country, and Mr. Tedeschi's orders have all but dried up. His company, Temeca, is 
still in business. For now. 
But among Italy's estimated six million companies, businesses of all sizes have been 
going belly up at the rate of 1,000 a day over the last year, especially among the small 
and midsize companies that represent the backbone of Italy's 1.5 trillion euro, or $2 
trillion, economy. 
The situation has become more urgent after inconclusive elections in February that left 
politics in Rome gridlocked. "With no one governing the country, there will be more 
paralysis, so things will get worse," said Mr. Tedeschi, 49, casting a worried glance at his 
wife and their 23-year-old son. They help fill the trickle of orders, now that Mr. Tedeschi 
has had to lay off 6 of the 11 full-time employees he had in mid-2011. 
A new caretaker government, which could be installed in weeks, is unlikely to be strong 
enough to pass growth-enhancing reforms, deepening problems for Italy, and for 
Europe, that could take years to reverse. 
Page I 1 of 4 
EFTA00591154
--- PAGE 2 ---
"This underscores the likelihood of Italy having a Japan-like decade with phenomenally 
slow growth," said Kenneth S. Rogoff, a professor at Harvard University and former 
chief economist of the International Monetary Fund. "And it raises painful questions 
about the long-run stability of growth in the euro zone over all." 
And with the European Union standing as America's largest trading partner, problems 
that plague Europe's economy are felt across the Atlantic. 
Italy's political quagmire might not roil global financial markets right away, Mr. Rogoff 
added. But it raises the specter of the European crisis "grinding on and on," he said, 
and would certainly make it harder for European leaders to cut deals "on the big-
picture things that are needed to stabilize Europe." 
The afflictions of Italy's economy, one of Europe's largest, are not necessarily new, of 
course: a lumbering bureaucracy, stifling labor regulations and a heavy reliance on 
companies with 50 or fewer employees that are struggling to compete in the global 
marketplace. 
As the 17-nation euro currency union's economy was expanding an average of 1 
percent for much of the last decade, Italy grew at only half that rate, according to the 
International Monetary Fund. 
But Italy's longstanding problems have grown worse in the last year as tax increases and 
spending cuts were pressed by Mr. Monti, who took over as prime minister in November 
2011 after the euro crisis forced out Silvio Berlusconi. Last year the economy shrank 2.4 
percent. 
One in two small companies cannot pay its employees on time, according to CGIA di 
Mestre, a research institute. With layoffs surging, unemployment rose to 11.7 percent in 
January. Youth unemployment has jumped to 38.7 percent. 
The austerity program was intended to reduce the risk of a debt crisis and ensure the 
backing of the European Central Bank, but instead it left the country with no growth. 
And without growth, Italy will have a harder time paying down its 2 trillion euros ($2.6 
trillion) in debt, one of the largest debt burdens in the euro zone. 
"For growth and unemployment to improve, we need to have a government that can 
remove uncertainty for businesses, consumers, investors and banks," said Tito Boeri, 
Page I 2 of 4 
EFTA00591155
--- PAGE 3 ---
the director of the Fondazione Rodolfo Debenedetti, a research firm based in Milan. 
"Political instability is probably one of the most damaging things for the economy." 
In some respects, Italy is not as hobbled as some other euro countries. The Italian 
government has managed to shrink the budget deficit. Industrial companies like Ferrari, 
Benetton and Ducati continue to help Italy maintain the euro zone's second-largest 
manufacturing base after Germany. 
But it is businesses like Mr. Tedeschi's — ones with fewer than 5o workers, which 
constitute the vast majority of Italy's economy and long provided much of its vitality —
that are buckling as banks halt lending and taxes rise. Credit issued by Italian banks fell 
in 2012 to the lowest level in more than a decade. And the government owes an 
estimated 70 billion euros in unpaid bills for goods and services to Italian companies. 
Mr. Tedeschi started feeling the pinch in late 2011 at his factory in Guidonia, an 
industrial town north of Rome in Lazio, a sprawling region that is in many ways a 
microcosm of Italy itself. 
Here, amid low-lying mountains and rolling green hills, are many midsize factories 
specializing in products stamped "Made in Italy." But hundreds of those businesses have 
been shut lately. 
"In one and a half years, everything changed," Mr. Tedeschi said. "People started feeling 
afraid, and they stopped spending money. All the promises Monti made to relaunch the 
economy and help us enhance productivity never materialized." 
Orders for Temeca's custom-built bedrooms, kitchens, windows and doors slowed to a 
trickle. Even the Vatican, which commissioned a choir stand and furnishings for one of 
its palaces from Mr. Tedeschi's company, stopped placing orders last year. 
Recently, he took a step he had hoped never to have to make: laying off employees, 
including a man who had been with the company for more than 3o years. 
"When I had to fire those people, I cried," he said, sitting in his small office under a 
picture of Mother Teresa as his wife, Annarita Neroni, and his son, Lorenzo, looked on. 
Mr. Tedeschi said several members of a local trade group took their own lives last year 
when they could no longer maintain their business. 
Page I 3 of 4 
EFTA00591156
--- PAGE 4 ---
"This is a moment where if you stay alone in this situation," he said, "you will wind up 
by shooting yourself." 
Mr. Tedeschi's wife said the family stopped drawing salaries more than a year ago to 
make payroll for the remaining workers. Disillusioned with the economy's rapid erosion 
under Mr. Monti, the family voted for the anti-establishment Five Star movement, led 
by the comedian turned activist Beppe Grillo, in the February elections, even though 
they knew it might lead to chaos. 
"It's a form of protest," Lorenzo Tedeschi said, adding that he had been drawn by Mr. 
Grillo's plan to cut billions of euros in corruption and wasteful spending. "We need to 
start from scratch in this country, and he gives us hope that there is a chance to make 
things equal." 
That may be tough, given that the discord Mr. Grillo created is likely to delay a recovery. 
Few people believe that official forecasts of a return to mild growth this year will 
materialize. 
Lorenzo said he had no choice but to be optimistic. "I still have my life ahead of me," he 
said. "I have to believe that things will get better." 
Mr. Tedeschi interrupted his son. "What has been happening is humiliating," he said. "If 
I fail, and businesses like mine fail, then everything else fails." 
Ms. Tedeschi put her hand on her husband's shoulder. "We are going through a financial 
war, which is burying us," she said. "Will there be any survivors?" 
Cain Pianigiani contributed reporting from Rome. 
Page 14014 
EFTA00591157

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591158.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591158.pdf
----------------------------------------
I
REUTERS 
03/14/2013 
Iraq War Cost U.S. More Than $2 
Trillion, Could Grow to $6 Trillion, 
Says Watson Institute Study 
By Daniel Trotta 
NEW YORK, March 14 (Reuters) -The U.S. war in Iraq has cost $1.7 trillion with an additional 
$490 billion in benefits owed to war veterans, expenses that could grow to more than $6 trillion 
over the next four decades counting interest, a study released on Thursday said. 
The war has killed at least 134,000 Iraqi civilians and may have contributed to the deaths of as 
many as four times that number, according to the Costs of War Project by the Watson Institute 
for International Studies at Brown University. 
When security forces, insurgents, journalists and humanitarian workers were included, the war's 
death toll rose to an estimated 176,000 to 189,000, the study said. 
The report, the work of about 30 academics and experts, was published in advance of the 10th 
anniversary of the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq on March 19, 2003. 
It was also an update of a 2011 report the Watson Institute produced ahead of the 10th 
anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks that assessed the cost in dollars and lives from the resulting 
wars in Afghanistan, Pakistan and Iraq. 
The 2011 study said the combined cost of the wars was at least $3.7 trillion, based on actual 
expenditures from the U.S. Treasury and future commitments, such as the medical and disability 
claims of U.S. war veterans. 
That estimate climbed to nearly $4 trillion in the update. 
The estimated death toll from the three wars, previously at 224,000 to 258,000, increased to a 
range of 272,000 to 329,000 two years later. 
Excluded were indirect deaths caused by the mass exodus of doctors and a devastated 
infrastructure, for example, while the costs left out trillions of dollars in interest the United States 
could pay over the next 40 years. 
Page I 1 of 2 
EFTA00591158
--- PAGE 2 ---
The interest on expenses for the Iraq war could amount to about $4 trillion during that period, the 
report said. 
The report also examined the burden on U.S. veterans and their families, showing a deep social 
cost as well as an increase in spending on veterans. The 2011 study found U.S. medical and 
disability claims for veterans after a decade of war totaled $33 billion. Two years later, that 
number had risen to $134.7 billion. 
FEW GAINS 
The report concluded the United States gained little from the war while Iraq was traumatized by 
it. The war reinvigorated radical Islamist militants in the region, set back women's rights, and 
weakened an already precarious healthcare system, the report said. Meanwhile, the $212 billion 
reconstruction effort was largely a failure with most of that money spent on security or lost to 
waste and fraud, it said. 
Former President George W. Bush's administration cited its belief that Iraqi dictator Saddam 
Hussein's government held weapons of mass destruction to justify the decision to go to war. U.S. 
and allied forces later found that such stockpiles did not exist. 
Supporters of the war argued that intelligence available at the time concluded Iraq held the 
banned weapons and noted that even some countries that opposed the invasion agreed with the 
assessment. 
"Action needed to be taken," said Steven Bucci, the military assistant to former Defense 
Secretary Donald Rumsfeld in the run-up to the war and today a senior fellow at the Heritage 
Foundation, a conservative Washington-based think-tank. 
Bucci, who was unconnected to the Watson study, agreed with its observation that the forecasts 
for the cost and duration of the war proved to be a tiny fraction of the real costs. 
"If we had had the foresight to see how long it would last and even if it would have cost half the 
lives, we would not have gone in," Bucci said. "Just the time alone would have been enough to 
stop us. Everyone thought it would be short." 
Bucci said the toppling of Saddam and the results of an unforeseen conflict between U.S.-led 
forces and al Qaeda militants drawn to Iraq were positive outcomes of the war. 
"It was really in Iraq that 'al Qaeda central' died," Bucci said. "They got waxed." 
Page I 2 of 2 
EFTA00591159

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591160.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591160.pdf
----------------------------------------
at New pork gimes 
MARCH 15, 2013 
SAC Capital to Pay $616 Million in Insider 
Trading Cases 
By PETER LATTMAN 
The government's multiyear campaign to ferret out insider trading on Wall Street has yielded 
multiple prosecutions of former employees of SAC Capital Advisors, the giant hedge fund 
owned by the billionaire investor Steven A. Cohen. 
On Friday, federal authorities took aim at the fund itself. 
In what officials are calling the largest-ever settlement of an insider trading action, SAC agreed 
to pay securities regulators about $602 million to resolve a civil lawsuit related to improper 
trading at the fund. 
The landmark penalty exceeds, at least before adjustment for inflation, the fines meted out in 
the 1980s-era scandals involving Ivan F. Boesky and Michael R. Milken, records at the time. It 
also underscores SAC's central role in the government's recent push to prosecute illegal 
conduct on trading desks and in executive suites, an effort that has yielded about 180 civil 
actions and more than 75 criminal prosecutions. 
SAC also agreed Friday to pay $14 million to resolve its role in an insider trading ring that 
illegally traded technology stocks including Dell. 
"These settlements call for the imposition of historic penalties," said George S. Canellos, the 
Securities and Exchange Commission's acting enforcement director. 
Mr. Canellos said the resolutions did not prevent the future filing of additional charges against 
any person, specifically citing Mr. Cohen, who was not named as a defendant in the civil actions 
on Friday. Mr. Cohen has not been charged with any wrongdoing and has told his clients that he 
believes he has behaved properly. 
In the bigger case, the agency said an SAC unit would forfeit $602 million to settle claims that it 
sold nearly $1 billion in shares of two pharmaceutical companies after a former portfolio 
manager at the fund received secret information from a doctor about problems with a new 
drug for Alzheimer's disease. 
Page I 1 of 4 
EFTA00591160
--- PAGE 2 ---
For SAC, which is based in Stamford, Conn., manages $15 billion and holds one of the best 
investment records on Wall Street, the settlements, while another blow to its reputation, 
resolve a matter that caused some of its investors to withdraw their money. Investors became 
skittish last fall after regulators warned SAC that they planned to sue the fund. 
"These settlements are a substantial step toward resolving all outstanding regulatory matters 
and allow the firm to move forward," said Jonathan Gasthalter, a spokesman for SAC. 
The settlements still need to be approved by Judge Victor Marrero of Federal District Court in 
Manhattan, the presiding judge in the case. As part of its agreement with regulators, SAC 
neither admitted nor denied wrongdoing. That entrenched S.E.C. practice — permitting 
defendants to settle civil claims without acknowledging wrongdoing — has come under 
increased scrutiny by the courts, a trend that legal experts say could lead the judge to question 
the settlement. 
The cases brought on Friday echo earlier criminal charges against SAC employees. In December, 
prosecutors indicted Mathew Martoma, a former SAC portfolio manager at the center of the 
questionable drug-stock trades tied to a new Alzheimer's drug. And Jon Horvath, a former SAC 
analyst, pleaded guilty last year to participating in the Dell insider trading ring. In its legal filing 
on Friday, the S.E.C. said Mr. Horvath had leaked secret information to two colleagues; 
previously, the commission said that only one former SAC employee had received tips. 
A lawyer for Mr. Martoma said SAC's resolution of the two lawsuits had no bearing on his client, 
who has denied the charges. 
"SAC's business decision to settle with the S.E.C. in no way changes the fact that Mathew 
Martoma is an innocent man," said Charles A. Stillman, the lawyer. "We will never give up our 
fight for his vindication." 
On a conference call with reporters, government officials bragged that the $616 million amount 
dwarfed other prominent insider trading settlements. Raj Rajaratnam, a former hedge fund 
manager convicted in 2011, paid $156 million in combined criminal and civil penalties. Mr. 
Boesky, a central figure in the 1980s trading scandals, paid $100 million then. 
The sum also exceeds the amounts of older enforcement actions, including a $550 million 
settlement with Goldman Sachs in 2010 related to fraud accusations tied to the sale of 
mortgage investments, and a $400 million settlement with Mr. Milken, the junk bond financier, 
in 1990. 
The larger of the two cases settled on Friday was based on powerful evidence against Mr. 
Martoma, the former SAC portfolio manager. The government said Mr. Martoma had caused 
Page 12 of 4 
EFTA00591161
--- PAGE 3 ---
SAC to sell nearly $1 billion in shares of Elan and Wyeth because he obtained secret information 
from a doctor about clinical trials for a drug being developed by the companies. Prosecutors 
have secured the testimony of the doctor who reportedly leaked Mr. Martoma the drug trial 
data. 
In bringing the criminal charge against Mr. Martoma, prosecutors appeared to be moving closer 
to building a case against Mr. Cohen. The complaint noted that Mr. Cohen had a 20-minute 
phone call with Mr. Martoma the night before SAC began dumping its holdings. Prosecutors, 
though, have not claimed that Mr. Cohen knew that Mr. Martoma had confidential data about 
the drug's prospects. 
The F.B.I. has tried unsuccessfully several times to persuade Mr. Martoma to plead guilty and 
cooperate against Mr. Cohen. 
While the $602 million settlement in the Martoma case is a prodigious sum, it is considerably 
less than the maximum that the S.E.C. could have extracted. The agreement required SAC to 
pay about $275 million, an amount representing disgorged illegal gains, as well as $52 million in 
interest. In addition, SAC agreed to pay a $275 million penalty, an amount equal to the illicit 
gains. Under the securities laws, however, the S.E.C. could have secured a penalty of three 
times that amount, or $825 million. 
The forfeited money will come from SAC, meaning that the firm will write the government a 
check. SAC's investors will not pay anything or absorb any losses. The $616 million will go into a 
general revenue fund of the United States Treasury. 
Representing SAC in its talks with the S.E.C. were Martin Klotz of Willkie Farr & Gallagher and 
Daniel J. Kramer of Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison. 
While the resolution of these two cases provides a measure of relief to SAC and its clients, the 
hedge fund's legal problems have already damaged its business. Though SAC has returned 
about 30 percent annually to its investors over the last two decades — a virtually peerless track 
record — many of its clients have parted ways with the fund. 
Last month, SAC investors asked to withdraw $1.7 billion, more than a quarter of the $6 billion 
that the fund manages for outside clients. The balance of SAC's $15 billion belongs to Mr. 
Cohen and his employees. The next regularly scheduled deadline for SAC clients to ask for their 
money back is mid-May. 
In calls with concerned clients, SAC has highlighted its stepped-up efforts in building its legal 
staff and compliance procedures — an initiative that Mr. Gasthalter reiterated Friday. "We are 
Page 13 of 4 
EFTA00591162
--- PAGE 4 ---
committed to continuing to maintain a first-rate compliance effort woven into the fabric of the 
firm." 
On a conference call discussing the case, Mr. Canellos was asked whether the S.E.C. felt that 
SAC was committed to keeping a strong culture of compliance. 
"I sure hope they are," Mr. Canellos said. 
Page 14 of 4 
EFTA00591163

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591164.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591164.pdf
----------------------------------------
FY 2013 
$ VALUE OF 
ORDER 
GROSS SALES - ANALYSIS BY ORDER 
OF 
NUMBER OF 
TOTAL 
ORDERS 
OF TOTAL 
CUMU 
PER ARTSPACE RECORDS 
GROSS SALES 
% OF TOTAL % OF TOTAL 
CUMU 
- 100 
176 
9.7% 
9.7% 
12,278 
0.5% 
0.5% 
101- 200 
178 
9.8% 
19.5% 
25,719 
1.0% 
1.5% 
201 - 300 
252 
13.9% 
33.4% 
65,445 
2.6% 
4.2% 
301 - 400 
155 
8.5% 
41.9% 
55,668 
2.2% 
6.4% 
401 - 500 
133 
7.3% 
49.2% 
61,013 
2.5% 
8.9% 
501 - 600 
101 
5.6% 
54.8% 
55,902 
2.3% 
11.1% 
601 - 700 
2.8% 
57.5% 
32,666 
1.3% 
12.5% 
701 - 800 
3.7% 
61.3% 
52,297 
2.1% 
14.6% 
801 - 900 
3.6% 
64.9% 
57,239 
2.3% 
16.9% 
901 - 1,000 
2.7% 
67.6% 
47,201 
1.9% 
18.8% 
1,001 - 1,100 
2.6% 
70.3% 
50,551 
2.0% 
20.8% 
1,101 - 1,200 
3.0% 
73.3% 
63,651 
2.6% 
23.4% 
1,201 - 1,300 
2.4% 
75.7% 
53,824 
2.2% 
25.6% 
1,301 - 1,400 
1.2% 
76.8% 
28,664 
1.2% 
26.7% 
1,401 - 1,500 
0.5% 
77.3% 
12,995 
0.5% 
27.3% 
1,501 - 1,600 
2.1% 
79.5% 
60,595 
2.4% 
29.7% 
1,601 - 1,700 
1.4% 
80.8% 
41,477 
1.7% 
31.4% 
1,701 - 2,000 
2.8% 
83.6% 
95,462 
3.9% 
35.2% 
2,001 - 3,000 
5.3% 
88.9% 
234,116 
9.5% 
44.7% 
3,001 - 4,000 
2.7% 
91.6% 
169,429 
6.8% 
51.5% 
4,001 - 5,000 
2.4% 
94.0% 
192,969 
7.8% 
59.3% 
5,000 + 
109 
6.0% 
100.0% 
1,007,177 
40.7% 
100.0% 
TOTAL 
1,816 
2,476,337 
MEDIAN SALE PRICE 
$ 
525 
AVERAGE SALE PRICE 
$ 
1,364 
49.2% 
OF ORDERS GENERATES 
8.9% 
OF GROSS REVENUE 
67.6% 
OF ORDERS GENERATES 
18.8% 
OF GROSS REVENUE 
67.6% 
OF ORDERS ARE 
UNDER $1,000 
6.0% 
OF ORDERS GENERATES 
40.7% 
OF GROSS REVENUE 
SALES TAX RECAP 
NYS SALES TAX PAID 
NYS SHIPMENTS FY 2013 PER SALES DETAIL 
FY 2011 
14.469 
NYS SALES - TAXABLE 
$590.841 
FY 2012 
36.817 
NYS SALES - EXEMPT 
$258.839 
FY 2013 
48.842 
$849.679 
FY 2014 
33.453 
TOTAL SALES 
$2.475.571 
% OF TOTAL SALES 
34.32% 
NYS SALES TAX PER SALES DETAIL 
$52,015 
EFTA00591164

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591165.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591165.pdf
----------------------------------------
PWRW&G Comments 8/4/2014 
CONFIDENTIAL TERM SHEET 
July-28August 4, 2014 
The following summarizes the terms and conditions of the proposed transaction between Ph
-Press 
LiffkiteiEIARSPALC ("Buyer") and Artspace Marketplace, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Seller"). 
The execution of a definitive merger agreement relating to the proposed transaction (the "Agreement) 
and the consummation of the proposed transaction shall be subject to the conditions set forth herein. 
Except for the sections of this term sheet entitled "Governing Law," "Expenses and Fees", "Deposit" 
and "Confidentiality; Public Disclosure," the provisions set forth in this term sheet ("Term Sheet") are 
not legally binding and are subject to the negotiation and execution of definitive agreements and 
documents and receipt of appropriate board and stockholder approvals by Seller. 
I 
Transaction: 
Purchase Price: 
Deposit: 
Definitive Agreement: 
The transaction will be structured as a reverse subsidiary merger of 
a newly- formed wholly-owned subsidiary of Buyer with and into 
Seller, or in such other structure (such as a sale of assets) as the 
parties may agree (the "Transaction"). 
The consideration payable by Buyer pursuant to the Transaction will 
be US$[4.25] million of cash. The Company's outstanding bridge 
loans will be repaid in full from the proceeds of the Transaction, 
and the balance will be paid to the holders of the Series B 
preferred shares. 
A ilea-refundeble—cash deposit of $0.5 million will be made-{e 
Selleiplaced in escrow by Buyer concurrently with the execution 
hereof, which will be applied-temaintained until completionofAhe
Transaction.  The deposit will be offset against the Purchase 
Price,--The-deposit-is and will be refundable to Buyer_solely if (i) 
Seller terminates negotiatesnegotiations_prior to August 15, 2014 in 
order—te—purfate—en—alternative—trawntetien—at—a—higher—perehase 
pneeor otherwise refuses to complete the Transaction on the 
terms contemplated in this Term Sheet, (ii) due diligence 
reveals, prior to closing of the Transaction, that any of Seller's 
database, balance sheet liabilities, or technology platform 
materially differs from what has been represented to Buyer in 
writing prior to the date of this Term Sheet, or (iii) all 
shareholder and board approvals of Seller necessary to complete 
the Transaction are not obtained by August 
2014. Upon 
receipt of the deposit into escrow, the Company shall 
immediately cease any existing solicitations, discussions or 
negotiations with any person that has made or indicated an 
intention to acquire the Company. 
The Agreement will provide that the consummation of the 
Transaction is on an "as is, where is" basis. The parties intend to 
complete the due diligence and the negotiations with respect to the 
Agreement, in order to be able to have a signing and closing of all 
transactions contemplated hereunder, by no later than August 4_, 
2014 and shall make all reasonable efforts to meet this time table. 
Buyer acknowledges that any required transition and implementation 
process (including with the assistance of Seller's tech personnel) will 
EFTA00591165
--- PAGE 2 ---
Expenses and Fees: 
Confidentiality; Public 
Disclosure: 
Governing Law: 
be made post-closing and after full payment of the purchase price. 
Buyer and Seller shall each bear its own fees and expenses incurred 
in connection with this term aheetTerm Sheet, the Transaction and 
related transactions (including financial advisory fees, investment 
banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees and other fees, costs and 
expenses). 
Ex-eePt—as—ether-wise—FequiFed—b.Hawc neitheENeither_Buyer nor 
Seller (nor any of their respective affiliates, officers, directors, 
employees, equityholders, agents or representatives), shall, without 
the prior written consent of the other party, (i) make any public 
announcement of the signing of this terra-sheetTerm Sheet_or the 
transactions contemplated hereby or of the pendency of discussions 
between the parties or (ii) disclose to any third party the terms of 
this term—sheetTerm Sheet, the substance of its discussions and 
negotiations with the other party or the fact that the parties are in 
discussions, in each case except for such disclosures as are 
necessary to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations. In 
addition, subject to the foregoing exception, neither party shall 
disclose the contents or the existence of this tenn-sheetTerm Sheet 
or the pendency of discussions between the parties to any person 
other than employees and representatives who have a need to know 
such information in connection with the performance of their duties 
to either of the parties. 
This term cheetTerm Sheet, the Agreement and the other 
agreements contemplated hereby shall be governed by the internal 
laws of the State of New York, without regard to any conflicts of 
laws principles, that would indicate the applicability of any other 
jurisdiction. 
This term sheet shall become null and void if not executed by Seller and returned to, and 
countersigned by, Buyer by 5:00 p.m. (EDT) on July--30August 
2014. 
Accepted as of the date first set forth above: 
Fhaiden-Fress-Lifake4ARSPALC 
Artspace Marketplace, Inc. 
By:  
By: 
Name:Keith Fox 
Name: Catherine Levene 
Title: CEOManager 
Title: CEO 
Normal.dotm 
EFTA00591166
--- PAGE 3 ---
Nomial.doim 
EFTA00591167
--- PAGE 4 ---
Summary Report: 
Litera® Change-Pro 7.0.0.360 Document Comparison done on 8/4/2014 
4:31:43 PM 
Style Name: PW Basic 
Original DMS:iw://EUROPE/Europe1/2003024/1 
Modified DMS: iw://EUROPE/Europe1/2003024/2 
Changes: 
Add 
Delete 
Move-Rem 
Move To 
Table Insert 
Table Delete 
Embedded Graphics (Visio, ChemDraw, Images etc.) 
Embedded Excel 
Format Changes 
Total Changes: 
EFTA00591168

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591169.pdf
----------------------------------------
17' 4" 
E ry Door 
re— 
2' 7" — ► 
3' 5" 
— Wardrobe 
3' 10" 
"1— Wardrobe 
t
ridows 
6' 11 
T
EFTA00591169

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591170.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591170.pdf
----------------------------------------
4" 
3' 5" 
— 2' T,
Wardrobe 
3' 10" 
Wardrobe 
EFTA00591170

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591171.pdf
----------------------------------------
IT 4" 
r 
3' 6" 
3' 5" 
3' 10" 
Z T — 
4' 
En Door 
7' r 
• 
 Bed 
Mndows 
7' 
• 
13' 4 
5' 7" 
9' 
EFTA00591171

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591172.pdf
----------------------------------------
Department of Homeland Security 
C.S. Citizenship and immigration Services 
1-7975 Notice of Action 
Itt(:Ellfr NUMBER 
• 
LIN-14-901-51429 
CASETYPE 1130 PETITION FOR ALIEN RELATIVE 
RECEIPTDATE 
December 3, 2013 
PRIORITY DATE 
PETITIONER 
NUITTCEDATE 
June 24, 2014 
PAGE 
of 1 
• 
A2O0 176 395 
SHULIAK, KARYNA 
ARDA BESKARDLS 
R RADA BESHARDES It 
417 BERGEN STREET 
BROOSIYII NY 11217 
Notice Type: Approval Notice 
SOCLiOill' Husband or wife of U.S. Citizen, 
2010:0 INA 
The above petition has been approved. 
statea and mill apply for adjustment 
Application for Permanent Residence. 
If the person for whom you are 
the petitioner allthald 1110 Form 
sendthepetition 
to tho Department 
The Net processes .11 imprinted 
consular poet La Lhe appropriate 
consulate. 
The approval of this visa petition 
bureirlciocy will subsequently 
change. or adjustment of status. 
THIS EOM IS NOT A VISA NOR MAN 
NOTICE: AI:hooch ibis application/petition 
the right to verify the information 
conforldtv with applicable 
laws. 
include, but are not limited 
telephone, and site 
inspections 
be mead .o determine whether 
and represent-staves of reCOrd 
proceeding LA InAletod. 
The petition inditstos hit the person For whom yuo erg petitioning is in the United 
or Steamy- 
no or she 
to 10.9pntacc the limn/ USCIS office to obtain Yore I-MIS, 
A copy of this nOtire should be submitted with the application. 
. . . 
petitioning decides to apply fox.A,visai outside the United states based on Ibis petition, 
1-874, Application for Actioneou.eitapproves Application or Petition, 
to request that we 
of State ItatIonact‘itEenber oil, . 
immigrant visa petitiona that require commiler action. 
The NVC also determines which 
consulate to eon/Acta vlamprDegailing. 
it will then tarsal.] 
the approves! periciOn to that 
does not in Itaelf 
giant any immigration states 
and does not guarantee that the alien 
be Cooed to be eligible 
for sivlsa, 
tor ediliffien 
to the United States, 
or for an extension, 
TT et: USED IN PLACE OE A VISA.;;-; 
. 
• 
has been approved, PISCES and the.U.U. Department of Homeland Security reserve 
submitted in this application, 
petition 
and/or oupportino documentation to ensure 
rules. 
regulations, 
and other authorities_ 
Methods used for verifying 
information may 
to. 
Lim covlow of public Attars:at/On nee eaeordv, contact by correspondence. the Statism!, 
or 
of businesses and residences. 
InformetiOn obtained daring toe course or verification 
will 
revocation, 
res.:lesion, 
and/or mmmmmmm procanainge Oro appropriate. 
appiscania, 
petitioner*, 
will be provided ea opportunity to address derogatory LAZOMMILion before any fornol 
Please see the additional information on the back. You will be notified separately about any oche cases yot. filed. 
NATIONAL BENEFITS CENTER 
USCIS, OHS 
P.O. BOX 4648004 
LEE'S SUMMIT 
MO 
64064 
Customer Service Telephone: 
Forte i-797 (Rev. ovatios) N 
EFTA00591172

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591173.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591173.pdf
----------------------------------------
THEATRE FOR A NEW AUDIENCE 154 CHRISTOPHER STREET SUITE 3O NEW YORK NY 1OO14 
October 8, 2012 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71st Street 
New York, NY 06840 
Dear Mr. Epstein, 
am writing at the suggestion of Julie Taymor. I understand Julie spoke with you at the recent 
WWW Conference about Theatre for a New Audience's Capital Campaign to build the first theatre 
for classic drama since the 1965 Vivian Beaumont in downtown Brooklyn. Julie explained that you 
kindly invited us to send you information about this project. Please find this enclosed. 
Let me give you some background. Julie is on our Board and is the Honorary Co-Chair of the 
Campaign. Founded in 1979, Theatre for a New Audience's cornerstone is Shakespeare and we 
produce Shakespeare alongside other classical and contemporary authors. We're the first 
American theatre to be invited to bring a production of Shakespeare to the Royal Shakespeare 
Company. We've won multiple awards; supported the development of some of our finest artists 
such as Julie who first staged THE TEMPEST and TITUS ANDRONICUS with us. We created and run 
the largest program in the New York City Public Schools to introduce Shakespeare and classic 
drama. Our name refers to how theatre has evolved. The old audience was primarily one 
homogenous group. The new audience is comprised of all ages, cultural and economic back 
grounds. 
Since our founding 33 years ago, we've never had a permanent home. We've always been 
itinerant and dependent on rented spaces which are fast becoming unavailable. In 2000, the City 
invited us to build adjacent to MM in the Downtown Brooklyn Cultural District -- the first major 
cultural district in New York City since Lincoln Center. Our neighbors will be BAM and Mark 
Morris Dance Center. 650,000 people annually attend BAM alone. Every subway line and the 
LIRR are within a 5-10 minute walk. The New Barclay's Sports and Entertainment Center is a few 
blocks away. 
Our theatre is designed by the eminent architect Hugh Hardy who also designed the interiors of 
Radio City Music Hall and the New Amsterdam. Our design is inspired by the Cottesloe at 
London's Royal National Theatre. It will be unlike any other New York theatre. It is uniquely 
flexible and works for both classic and contemporary plays. The relationship between the stage 
and the audience can be arranged In almost any configuration. The stage is trapped; the building 
is suspended on acoustic pads to ensure it will be one of the quietest theatres in the City. It has 
seating capacities of 299, 99 and 50. 
Our capital budget is $68.5 million. Despite the economic turmoil of the past decade, we raised 
$52.7 million and broke ground June, 2011. There is nearly $16 million left to raise for essentials 
such as theatrical equipment. Our building is not yet named and is available for a gift in the range 
of $10 to $16 million. It would be a wonderful opportunity for the right individual. Our facility In 
this new cultural district is a thrilling moment in the development of New York theatre and 
WWW.IfANA.ORG 
EFTA00591173
--- PAGE 2 ---
Brooklyn, which GQ just declared the "coolest city on the planet." Julie is directing the inaugural 
production which opens November 3, 2013. 
I very much appreciate your time in reviewing the enclosed materials and hope to be able to 
talk. I also wanted to share that a profile on Theatre for a New Audience made for NYC Arts was 
broadcast July 5 on PBS, and Julie is in this. A DVD is enclosed with the materials. I will take the 
libert of callin to see If we can arrange a time to speak, or please feel free to call me at 
Thank you and best, 
( 
Jeffre 
orowitz 
Founding Artistic Director 
EFTA00591174

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591175.pdf
----------------------------------------
D.B. ZWIRN PARTNERS, LLC 
January I I, 2005 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
457 Madison AVtatIC, 4th Floor 
New Yorlc, New York 10022 
Re /40.2aFf I Investment in D13. Zwint Special Opportunities Pundj...P. (the "Fund, 
Dear Mr. Epstein, 
lo accordance with Section 9.1 of the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership 
Agreement, dated as of May I, 2003 (as amended to the date hereof the "Agreement") of the 
Fund, the Gaaral Penner hereby agrees that Fmancial 'frost Company, Inc. (the "1-sosnanz") 
shall be permitted to withdraw its Capital Account as of the last Business Day of the calendar 
quarter ending at least two years after the Company initially purchases this Interest and as of the 
second main:nary of that dare thereafter upon not less than 120 days' prior written Notice to the 
General Parma. 
Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascent] to them In 
the Agreement. 
• 
Yaws Sy, 
onficientiai Treatinentt Requested • 
y Fried Frank Barris Shriver iJoccibson .Lty 
DBE 0003388 
EFTA00591175

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591176.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591176.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tuesday, February 7, 2012 
The Virgin Islands Daily News 25 
K & S Caribbean Designs, Manufactures 
and Installs Furniture-Grade Cabinetry 
Premium woodwork, first class service and affordability go hand-in-hand 
magine enjoying the process 
lof remodeling your kitchen 
without breaking the bank. 
Think what life would be like 
if you could count on a master 
cabinetmaker and installer to 
personally complete your most 
challenging projects. Lucky youl 
K & S Caribbean Is ready to 
make your custom design 
dreams a reality from concept 
to completion. 
Established five years ago 
on St. John, down-island 
expansion made relocation 
closer to the shipping ports on 
St. Thomas a necessity. Ituth 
told, the full history of how this 
enterprise was formed dates 
back more than three 
adventure-filled decades. 
Meet proprietor Kent Scott 
and administrator Sheila 
Karcher and you cannot help 
but be amazed by the expertise 
and passion for perfection these 
consummate professionals bring 
to the table. 
Kent, a professional affiliate of 
the American Institute of 
Architects, has embraced the 
lime- honored tradition of 
woodwork done by hand from 
the beginning of his stellar career. 
Blessed with the vision 
necessary to complete the most 
exacting projects— from 
historic to contemporary — in 
Washington State he engineered 
and oversaw manufacturing, site 
measuring, layout and 
installation of the observation 
deck and commercial retail 
space at the Seattle Space 
Needle. The Bob Villa 
Compound in Martha's 
Vineyard, Massachusetts called 
on Kent to manufacture and 
install doors. windows and 
molding for traditional seaside 
cape residences. More recently, 
Kent manufactured and 
installed the replacement door 
of the St. John Methodist Chinch. 
A former resident of St. Croix, 
Sheila worked in property 
manaeement and at Benton 
manager I liaison for Divi Carina 
Bay Casino. 
Deflecting the spotlight, 
Sheila, said "One of the many 
places where Kent shines is 
in his ability to make each 
kitchen one-of-a-kind. He'll 
ask if you are left-handed or 
right-handed. Where there 
are windows, he'll suggest how 
to maximize your view and 
where to, perhaps, add a 
window seat? 
With a grin, Kent added, 
"That's right. I'll say, 'Come on. 
Let's cook.' Show me what you 
want to do in the kitchen? If 
you get the Idea that Kent 
makes each project an upbeat 
experience, how right you are! 
He is decidedly comfortable In 
kitchens, having been raised in 
a family that owned a 
restaurant in California. 
Equating early experiences in 
his parents' business with his 
amazing ability to produce 
premium products in record 
time, he said, "When you have 
the right tools, It's as easy to flip 
burgers as it is to flip two." 
lie further clarified, 'We are 
all set up here with top 
machinery? Kent's 
incomparable background and 
expertise as a master 
Administrator Sheila Karcher and 
master woodworker Kent Scott 
invite you to contact 1< & S 
Cantnean today. 
threads woven into that 
tapestry. For example book 
matching — maintaining the 
precise visual flow of the 
woodgrain — is an art form you 
can count on when K & S 
Caribbean is at your service. 
The scope of services and 
high quality production al K & S 
Caribbean include the design, 
manufacture and installation of 
furniture-grade cabinetry and 
architectural millwork. K & S 
engineers, manufactures and 
installs windows, doors and 
shutters for new and renovated 
construction. Other offerings 
include a selection of natural 
stone, hardwood and sheet 
goods throughout the West 
Indies. "We're happy to do 
millwork for contractors," 
Kent emphasized. 
Currently, both the K & S 
website and new Altona 
showroom are 'under 
construction.' 
For additional Information, 
call 642-4964. 
Design and Manulaclu a el Custom Staircases - 
UlliiS Nautilus/nemeses Turner Day Condominium 
Kitchen Installation-Luxury Villa St.John 
Design, Manufacture and Installation of Windom 
name and Sladtara - I Iran SI Janata Wand 
DESIGNING • MANUFACTURING 
INSTALLING 
fi.ntfurnitAr&gradvatirineby 
cvn&ArchttecturalMalmorlo 
Commercial & Residential 
For Di4cervtin9• Client', 
throughouttheWestbuilet 
(340) 642-4964 
info@caribbeanworkshops.com 
Exciting new website coming soon! 
EFTA00591176

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591177.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591177.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 150 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/07/2012 Page 1 of 6 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 08-80736-Civ-Marra/Johnson 
JANE DOE #1 and JANE DOE #2 
v. 
UNITED STATES 
JANE DOE #1 AND JANE DOE #2'S MOTION REQUESTING AN ORDER 
DIRECTING THE GOVERNMENT TO FILE REDACTED PLEADINGS IN THE 
PUBLIC COURT FILE 
COME NOW Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 (also referred to as "the victims"), by and 
through undersigned counsel, to file this motion for an order directing the Government to file in 
the public court file redacted versions of its (I) Sealed Memorandum in Support of Motion to 
Dismiss for Lack of Subject Matter Jurisdiction, (2) Sealed Motion to Stay Discovery, and (3) 
Sealed Reply in Support of Motion to Dismiss for Lack of Subject Matter Jurisdiction. There is 
not even an arguable basis for keeping the vast majority of these pleadings under seal. Sealing 
all of these pleadings interferes with counsel's ability to prepare a response, in addition to 
denying the public the right to know how the Government is interpreting the CVRA in this case. 
The Government cannot carry its burden of showing a need to seal all of these pleadings. 
Accordingly, the Government should file a redacted pleading in the public court file that redacts 
only information for which there is a basis for confidentiality — i.e., information that specifically 
discloses grand jury material. 
FACTUAL BACKGROUND 
EFTA00591177
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 150 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/07/2012 Page 2 of 6 
As the Court is aware, on November 8, 2011 -- the very day that the Government was due 
to produce discovery in this case -- it instead filed a Sealed Motion to Dismiss for purported lack 
of subject matter jurisdiction, accompanied by a Sealed Motion to Stay further production of any 
discovery. The reason the Government cited for placing these documents under seal is that they 
contained grand jury material protected from disclosure by Fed. R. Crim. P. 6(e). 
On December 5, 2011, the victims filed responses to these pleadings. The vast bulk of 
the issues did not pertain to grand jury information. Accordingly, the victims filed lengthy 
responses to the Government's motions in the public court file. DE #127, 128, 129, 130. The 
victims also filed short, sealed responses regarding issues that touched on the confidential grand 
jury information. See Victims' Sealed Pleadings (docketed Dec. 7, 2011). 
The Government obtained three extensions of time to file its reply. 
On January 27, 
2012, the Government filed — under seal — a 35-page reply memorandum in support of its motion 
to dismiss. The memorandum argued that, even if the victims' were able to prove a deliberate 
and concerted conspiracy between the Government and Jeffrey Epstein to violate their rights, the 
federal courts are powerless to provide any remedy. 
DISCUSSION 
The Government has improperly filed all its recent pleadings in this matter under seal. 
The Government ignores the fundamental fact that "there exists a presumption of openness in all 
legal proceedings." United States v. Ignasiak, ---F.3d---, 2012 WL 149314 at *15 (11th Cir. 
2012) (unsealing documents filed in a criminal case) (citing United States v. Ochoa-Vasaquez, 
EFTA00591178
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 150 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/07/2012 Page 3 of 6 
428 F.3d 1015, 1029-30 (11th Cir. 2005)). The Government has not provided — and cannot 
provide — any justification for sealing the vast bulk of its recent pleadings. 
The Eleventh Circuit and Supreme Court have made clear that district courts should be 
particularly reluctant to seal documents "involv[ing] public concerns that are at the heart of the 
interest protected by the right of access: `the citizen's desire to keep a watchful eye on the 
workings of public agencies . . . [and] the operation of government.'" Romero v. Drummond 
Co., Inc., 480 F.3d 1234, 1246 (11th Cir. 2007) (ordering unsealing of documents) (quoting 
Nixon v. Warner Communications, Inc., 435 U.S. 589, 598 (1978). The issues being litigated in 
this case involve matters of the highest public interest — namely, whether crime victims whose 
CVRA rights have been deliberated violated' by the Government and a criminal offender can 
obtain any remedy in federal courts. The Government's position is that they cannot. The 
Government should not be permitted to conceal this fact through the expedient of filing every 
page of its pleadings under seal. 
This Court has already rebuffed one Government attempt to keep from the public 
information about this case. At a hearing on July 11, 2008, the Government attempted to keep a 
response under seal in this case. This Court ordered the response filed publicly: 
I don't see that there is any real public necessity to keep the response sealed in 
view of what we discussed already on the record and he victim's ability to 
disclose those provisions of their own choosing, if they wish. So, in view of the 
While the Government obscures this fact in its reply, the victims have alleged a 
deliberate conspiracy between the Government and Epstein to deny Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe 
#2 their congressionally-mandated CVRA rights. Accordingly, the Court must assume the truth 
of all victims' allegations in ruling on the Government's motion to dismiss. See Jane Doe #1 and 
Jane Doe #2's Response to Government's Sealed Motion to Dismiss for Lack of Subject Matter 
Jurisdiction (DE #127) at 3 (citing Edwards v. Prime, Inc., 602 F.3d 1276, 1291 (11th Cir. 
2010)). 
EFTA00591179
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 150 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/07/2012 Page 4 of 6 
public policy that matters filed in court proceedings should be open to the public 
and sealing should only occur in circumstances that justify the need to restrict 
public access, I'm going to deny the motion to seal the response and allow that to 
be viewed. 
Tr. at 31-32. 
Keeping the pleadings under seal also unduly burdens counsel for the victims. Just as the 
Government has been conferring with prosecutors throughout the country on this case, victims' 
counsel have been conferring with leading experts on crime victims' rights in academia, private 
practice, and in public interest organizations. Because the Government's pleadings are filed 
under seal, counsel for Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 is unable to share these pleadings with 
these other experts. This constitutes an entirely unnecessary hindrance to effective advocacy in 
this case. 
The Government may claim that its sealing is justified by the fact that they touch on 
grand jury materials, which are kept confidential under Fed. R. Crim. P. 6(e). But the grand jury 
information directly involved in the Government's pleadings is, at most, only a few isolated 
sentences. The Government can simply redact sentences that specifically disclose grand jury 
material, while making the rest of its pleadings publicly available. 
The Government is opposed to this motion. 
CONCLUSION 
The Court should order the Government to file redacted copies of all of its sealed 
pleadings in this case in the public court file, with redactions limited to information for which 
there is a basis for confidentiality — i.e., information that specifically discloses grand jury 
material. 
EFTA00591180
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 150 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/07/2012 Page 5 of 6 
DATED: February 7.2012 
Respectfully Submitted, 
/s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 801-585-6833 
E-Mail: cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Attorneys for Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 
EFTA00591181
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 150 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/07/2012 Page 6 of 6 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
The foregoing document was served on February 7, 2012, on the following using the 
Court's CM/ECF system: 
Dexter Lee 
A. Marie Villafafia 
Assistant U.S. Attorneys 
500 S. Australian Ave., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
(561) 820-8711 
Fax: (561) 820-8777 
E-mail: Dexter.Lee@usdoj.gov 
E-mail: ann.marie.c.villafana@usdoj.gov 
Attorneys for the Government 
EFTA00591182

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591183.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591183.pdf
----------------------------------------
Employee 
Type 
Requesting raise 
STC 
Anna Rodriquez 
LSJE 
LSJE 
LSJE 
LSJE 
Peter St. Omer 
LSJE 
•Gusneme Dalce 
LSJE 
Jason Drew 
LSJE 
Pierressaint Onel 
LSJE 
Kamoy Williams 
LSJE 
•Dupson Donissaint Maseais) 
LSJE 
Sainfrans D6JOUT 
LSJE 
'Danny Vicars 
LSJE 
Cuthbert Titre (Paul-Smiley) 
LSJE 
Danny Etienne 
LSJE 
Gerry Francis Title 
LSJE 
HIllan Bedminster (TJ) 
LSJE 
Carlos Rodriguez 
LSJE 
Randy Ampere 
LSJE 
Sheridan Ermines! Obae 
LSJE 
.SylvestertlaIllard 
Total - Employees 
TITS 
Mcnalesatercado (Duke) Salary 
Juslina De La Cruz 
Salary 
Salary 
Salary. 
Salary 
Salary
Salary 
Salary 
Salary. 
Salary 
Salary 
Salary 
Salary 
Salary 
Salary 
•Salery 
Salary 
Salary 
Salary 
Hourly 
Salary 
won frIV 
COI? 
Salary Rate 
Annual 
payroll Tax 9% Plus Taxes 
Ma 
a..,.0111. 
0.020001 
3129/02  
19.03 
816/14 
 14.00 
4/1(17 
14.00 
807(01 
34.31 
7113109 
18.03 
9)3113 
15.50 
3,18111 
16.00 
6118,14 
13.00 
1016,114 
24.00 
ttDIc 
13.00 
7/240 
33.65 
51,99 
19.00 
/4.241/4 
21.56 
8,27,01 
1594 
MTh( 
00 
4/254/5 
28.13 
1/3113 
 16.00 
1015/08 
18.00 
39.520 
29.120 
29.120 
50.565 • 
37.440 
32.240 
33.280 
27.040 
49.920 
27.040 
70.000 
39.520 
44.845 
33.150 
37.4,10 
58.500 
33.280 
37.440 
312&l1C aria 
45.000 
car 
201 
754.460 
Entity 
Contractors 
Rate 
Newly 
I Annualized I
Requesting employee status 
LSJE 
Christopher Sheehan 
LSJE 
LSJE 
LSJE 
Dale Mark 
LSJE 
Oriole Joseph 
LSJE 
Iran 'Mahe Benjamin 
LSJE 
James Cesar 
LSJE 
Julot LaBorde 
LSJE 
BonlIsce Laudat 
LSJE 
Ahmaud Rodriquez 
LSJE 
William Hague 
Project 
LSJE 
Pierre Jules 
Total • Contractors 
Cristobal Hidalgo Herrera 
Karl Henry 
$250 per 
day 
$178 per 
day 
31/24n,
clay 
$120 per 
day 
5120 per 
day 
5170 per 
day 
5120 per 
day 
5170 per 
day 
5120 per 
day 
MO per 
day 
I8250rawt 
day 
2./16119 
WWI 
31.25 
65,000 
22.03 
45,760 
3.557 
2.621 
2.621 
4,551 • 
3.370 
2.902 
2.995 
2.434 
4,493 
2.434 
6.300 
3.557 
4,036 
43,077 
31,741 
31.741 
55,116 • 
40.810 
35,142 
36.275 
29.474 
54,413 
29.474 
76.300 
43.077 
48,881 
2,984 
36.134 
3,370 
40.810 
5.265 
63.765 
2,995 
36.275 
3.370 
4.050 
67.901 
822.361 
alnlITtar 
approx 
taxes 
"Coe CO1TOOTIY APProximele 
as Independent d oast as 
COM/sMb 
WOOS° 
5.850 
70.850 
1,118 
49.878 
3/15.113 
14.00 
29.120 
15.00 
31,200 
2,621 
31.741 
2,808 
34.008 
15,00 
31,200 
15.00 
31,200 
2,808 
34.008 
2,808 
34.008 
15.00 
31,200 I 
2J19116 
5(8/13 
15.00 
31,200 
15.00 
31,200 
15.00 
31,200 
91.25 
65,000 
$202 per 
day 
3/15113 
COUNT 
25.25 
52.520 
475,800 
Total 
Bortn011ts 
1010 
flonuatlffis 
Oar 
DaTiust011ta 
Oat, 
2.000 
411116 Housekeeping 
Housekeeping 
Lanscaping 
Lanscaping 
Lanscaping 
a
i 
1.000 
8/3116 
Lanscaping 
I-- a:  r inn sssceea33 p
PP n
nn t igg
$ 1.000 
$ 8,076.00 won. 
12)27116 
$ 
693.00 
640.00 
Ceptai1100r4e 
40.810 $ 1,00000 
Cepte11100r4e 
49.050 
5:V17 
Maintenance 
1,000 
3/29116 Maintenance 
Maintenance 
Painter 
Pekiter 
Marine 
1.500 
10/13/16.Madr* 
1,500 
8/8/16 liaitclWa 
2,808  I 
34.008 
2,808 
34.008 
2,808 
34,008 
2,808 
34,008 
5.850 
70,850 
-4 
4.727 
57.247 
42,822 • 
518,622 
Landscaping 
linigaden 
latichanie Halls 
CeenntrY 
CerpsatrY 
WPM, 
Landscaping 
Calm& Y 
Mechanic Help 
cargo Captain 
Heavy Equipe, 
TOTALS FOR EMPLOYEES & CONTRACTORS • currently with no employer payroll tax 
1.2.98.161
TOTALS FOR EMPLOYEES & CONTRACTORS • with miaow payroll tax for the alaVeT1O11 
(cristobal, had, dale, oriole, pmts. islet. boniface. ahmaud) 
$321,748 
EFTA00591183

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591184.pdf
----------------------------------------
M. ARDA BESKARDES, ESQ. 
225 Broadway, Suite 3001 I New York, NY 10007 I t. 
I f • 
June 20, 2016 
Via Electronic Mail 
Dear 
This letter will confirm our agreement to represent you in 
connection with your 1-751 Removal of Conditional Residency 
Application. You agree and acknowledge that we may not and have 
not made any assurance or guarantee about the successful outcome 
of matters being handled by us. Our comments about the outcome 
of your matter are clearly an expression of opinion only. 
This agreement is effective as of the date it has been 
signed by you and the retainer fee described below has been 
paid. We charge flat-fees for every step of the 1-751. In this 
case we will charge you $2,500 for the application. We do not 
charge for incidental expenses or any additional work we may 
have to complete for your case. 
The government filing fees are not included in the above 
fees and will be charged separately. In your case, the current 
government filing fee is $590. 
You may terminate this agreement at anytime by giving us 
ten days notice of your intent to terminate. You shall be 
truthful with us, shall cooperate with us, shall keep us 
informed of developments, shall pay our fees and expenses on 
time, and shall keep us advised of your address, telephone 
number and whereabouts. 
The firm reserves a right to charge a 
five percent per month late fee on any unpaid balance that is 
more than 30 days past due. 
The firm may likewise terminate 
this 
agreement 
consistent 
with 
its 
professional 
responsibilities, upon giving you appropriate notice to obtain 
substitute counsel if desired. 
EFTA00591184
--- PAGE 2 ---
To signify your acceptance of the terms of this agreement, 
please sign this agreement and return it to us for our file. 
This offer of representation is only effective for 3O days. 
After 30 days, the terms of the agreement are subject to change 
and we reserve the right to deny representation. 
We appreciate 
the confidence you have placed in us and will endeavor to 
represent your interests to the best of our abilities. 
Yours sincerely, 
By: 
Arda Beskardes, Esq. 
I have read this letter carefully and agree to the terms set out 
therein. 
Karyna Shuliak 
PAYMENT SCHEDULE* 
1. Retainer Fee of 
2. At the time of Filing Application: 
Government filing fees of 
$2,500 
$590 
*You can make check payments by sending a check payable to Arda 
Beskardes, Esq. at the address above. Or you can make a deposit 
at our account directly: 
Mehmet Arda Beskardes, Esq. 
Chase Bank 
Prospect Heights Financial Ctr 6598 
290 Flatbush Avenue 
Brooklyn, NY 11217 
ABA/ Routing Number: 021000021 
Account Number: 3411334927 
Swift code: CHASUS33 
If you need an invoice please let us know. 
EFTA00591185

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591186.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591186.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 148 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/03/2012 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
NO. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA/HOPICINS 
JANE DOE #1 and JANE DOE #2, 
Plaintiffs, 
vs. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Defendant. 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon Plaintiffs' Motion for Order Directing the United 
States Attorney's Office Not to Withhold Relevant Evidence (DE 50). On September 26, 2011, 
the Court entered an Order that, among other actions, "permitted Plaintiffs the opportunity to 
conduct limited discovery in the form of document requests and requests for admissions from the 
U.S. Attorney's Office." DE 99 at 11. The Court reserved ruling on the present Motion because 
of the limited discovery allowed. After carefully reviewing the record, it is hereby: 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Plaintiffs' Motion for Order Directing the United 
States Attorney's Office Not to Withhold Relevant Evidence (DE 50) is DENIED WITHOUT 
PREJUDICE. Plaintiffs are free to file the same motion after the limited discovery permitted by 
EFTA00591186
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 148 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/03/2012 Page 2 of 2 
the September 26, 2011, Order is completed. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 3id day of February, 2012. 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Court 
EFTA00591187

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591188.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO: 80810577/5192764 
03NOV15 
0528 EST 
FROM: DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
PAGE 001 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Cross-Currency Non-Deliverable Forward FX Transaction 
Our ref 1110119325-1 
PRIVATE CLIENT SERVICES PWM ALEX BROWN AC SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
SOUTH STREET 
BALTIMORE 21202,MAR YLAND,UNITED STATES 
Dear Sirs, 
November, 2015 
Deutsche BankAG. London Branch 
FX Cools Operations 
Winchester House 
1. Great Winchester Street 
Lencion.EC2N2D3 
S# It. DEUT GS2L 
Direct Lem 
Direct Fax 
The purpose of this letter agreement is to confirm the terms and conditions of the Non-Delhera tie FX Transaction entered into 
between us Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch ("Party A") and PRIVATE CLIENT SERVICES PWM ALEX BROWN AC 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LLC (Tarty B") on the Trade Date referred to below (the 'Transaction"). 
The definitions and provisions contained in the 1938 FX and Currency Option Definitions (as published by the Intematiorel 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., the Emerging Markets Traders Associaton and The Foreign Exchange Committee) are 
incorporated into the Confirmaton In the event of any inconsistency between those defkubors and prowsons and this 
Confirmation, this Confirmation will govern 
If you and we are parties to erther an ISDA Interest Rate and Currency Exchange Agreement (for when purposes the 
Transaction shall constitute a "Swap Transaction") or an ISDA Master Agreement (in each case an 'Agreement') then this 
Confirmation supplements, forms part of and is subject to such Agreement If you and we are not yet parties to an Agreemert 
then this Confirmation evidences a compete and binding agreement between Party A and Party B as to the terms of the 
Transaction to wind) the Confirmation rebates in addition Party A and Party B agree to use all reasonable efforts promptly to 
negotiate, execute and deliver an agreement in the form of the ISDA Master Agreement (Mullicurrency - Cross Border) (the 
"ISDA Form') with such modifications as you and we will in good faith agree. Upon execution by Party A and Party B of such an 
agreement this Confirmation wil supplement form part of, and be subject to that agreement All provisions contained a 
incorporated by reference in that agreement upon its execution will govern this Confirmation. Until we execute and deliver that 
agreement this Confirmation, together with all other documents referring to the ISDA Form (each a "Confirmation') confirming 
transactions (each a Transaction-) entered into between us (notwithstanding anything to the contrary In a Confirmation) shall 
supplement form a part of, and be subject to an agreement in the form of the ISDA Form as if we had executed an agreement 
on the Trade Date of the first such Transaction between us and such form with the schedule thereto (i) specifying only that (a) 
the governing taw is English taw and ()) the Tenninaton Currency is U S Dollars, fin incorporating the addlion to the def Innen 
of the -Indernniflabla Tax" contained In (page 48 ot) the ISDA -Users Guide to the 1992 ISDA Master Agreements' and (Yr) 
incorporating any other modifications to the ISDA Form speeded below. 
This confirmation supersedes and replaces any other confirmatontncbding a Swift MT300), if any, sent or exchanged the 
relation to this transaction. 
The terms of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as bllows: 
1. 
General Terms: 
Deutsche Dark AG is authorised under &thin Barging law (aampatent authority -Berm Federal Fnandal Super/is:mg Authority). Deutsche Bank AG 
London Branch is fait* , autholsed by the Prudential Pt/Nation Authaity and '5 %Ant to limited legJation by the Fnanc d Conduct Authority and 
Pralcnt'al Retplation /fatherly for the candid of UK buiness. Deutsche Bank AG le a joist slop oarprelim yeah l'rnIted Iud5ty ineofpoTated 'n the 
Federal lie public of Germany HADNo.300W District Court of Fra ndurtam Main; Bmrch Registration in Enejandard Wales BRIM:100[G: Registered addrma: 
W;ntheSter House. 1 Great V/ nc nester StreetAondon =NM. 
(10107) 
Paw I old 
EFTA00591188
--- PAGE 2 ---
TO: 80810577/51 92764 
03Nov15 
0529 EST 
FROM: DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
PAGE 002 
Trade Date: 
Reference Currency. 
Reference Currency Notional Amount 
Notional Amount 
Forward Raw 
Reference Currency Buyer 
Reference Currency Seller 
Setllement Currency. 
Settlement Date: 
Settlement 
Settlement Rate Option.
Reference Currency Settlement Rate Option: 
Settlement CurrencySettlement Rate Opton: 
Valuation Date: 
October 2015 
KRW 
KRW 11,540,400,000 
JPY 1,200,000,000 
KRW 9.617000 Per JPY 1.00 
Party A 
Party B 
JPY 
August 2016, subject to adjustnent if the Scheduled Valuation Date is 
adjusted in accordance with the Followng Business Day convention or if 
Valuation Postponement apples, and in each such case. the Settlement 
Date shall be as soon as practicable, but n no event later than two 
Business Days alter the date on which the Spot Rate is determined 
Non-Delmyrable 
(Reference Currency Spot Rate) / (Settlem ent Currency Spot Rate) 
KRWKFTC18 (KR1A02) 
Means the currency exchange rate (Mich may be determined from relevant 
cross rates) at the tine at which such rate s to be determined for foregn 
exchange transactors in the relevant Currency Pair for value on me spot 
settlement date as published by MI Company on the relevant Reuters 
Screen at 16.00 hours (Local trne n Loncbn) or. in the event that such rate 
Is not putt:shed on such page, such alternative currency exchange rate as 
the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith. selects or determines. 
August 2016. ("Scheduled Valuation Dale"), subject to adjustment n 
accordance with the Pmcedng Busthess Day Convention; provided 
however, that, in the event of an Urecheduled Noliday, sued to 
adjustnent in accordance with the Following Business DayConvention. 
2. 
Disruption Events and Fallbacks applicable to the Reference Currency Spot Rate: 
Disruption Events: 
Price Source Disrupton: 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
(i) Valuation Postponement 
(in Fallback Reference Price 
(iii) Fallback Survey Valuation Postponement 
(iv) Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement Rate 
Applicable. 
SFEMC KRW Indicative Survey (KRW04) 
The parties acknowledge that ore or both parties to Ins 
Transaction actng directly or through a branch or an affiliate may 
be requested to provide a quotation or quotations from tine to 
time for the purpose of defer inns the SFEMC KRW Indicative 
Survey Rate and such quotation may affect, materially 
or otherw se, the settlement of the Transaction. 
Deutsche Dark AG is authorised under &thin Darling law (comp:tent authority -Berm Federal Fnandal Super/ilk% Authority). Deutsche Bank AG 
London Branch is fait* , autholsed by the Prudential Pt/Nation Authaity and 's %Ant to limited legJation by the Fnanc 
Conduct Authority and 
Pralcnt'al Retplation /ftherly for the candid of UK buiness. Deutsche Bank AG le a joist Mod( oarprelim yeah l'rnIted Iud5ty ineofpoTated 'n the 
Federal Pe public of Germany HRB No. 30000 District Court of Fra ndurtam Main; Branch Registration in Enejandard Wales BROCIOOCG: Registeredadd-ma: 
W;ntheSter House. 1 Great V/ nc nester StreetAondon =NM. 
(10107) 
Paw of 4 
EFTA00591189
--- PAGE 3 ---
TO: 60810577/5192764 
O3Nov15 0530 EST 
FROM: DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
PAGE 003 
ItInschedubd Holiday shall mean for the purposes of MS Transactlon. that a day is note Bus tress Day and the market was 
not aware 'Mauch fact (by means of a pudic announcement or by reference to other publidy svelte Die information) until a time 
later than 9:00 am boat time n the Principal Financial Centre of the Reference Currency two Business Days prior to the 
Scheduled Valuation Date. 
In the event the Scheduled Valuation Date becomes s utsect to the Following Business DayConvenbon, and tithe Valuation 
Date has notoccurred on or before the fourteenth consecutive day after the Scheduled Valuation Data (any such period being 
a 'Deferral Perio0'), then the next day atter the Deferral Period that would have been a Butanes Day butfor the Unscheduled 
Holiday. shal be deemed to be the Valuation Date.
Valuation Postponement' means for purposes of obtaining a Settlement Rate, that the Spot Rate will be deter bed on the 
Business Day first succeeding the day on which the Price Source Disrupbon ceases to exist, unless the Price Source 
Dsrupbon continues to eint(measured from the date Mat but for die occurrence of the Price Source DsriptIon, would have 
been the Valuation Date) for a consecutive number of calendar days equal to the Maximum Days of Postponement In such 
event the Spot Rate will be deter lied on the next Business Dayafter the Maximum Days of Postponement in accordance 
with the nod applicable Disrupt= Faliteck. 
'fallback Survey Valuation Postponement means that in the event that the Fallback Reference Price S not available on or 
before the 3rd Business Da y (or day that would have been a Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday) succeeding the 
end of either (I) Valuation Postponement for Price Source Disruption. (Ii) Deferral Period for Unscheduled Holiday, or (re) 
Cisnulatee Events, then the Settlement Rate will be detemined r accordance with the neat applicable Disruption Fallback on 
such day. For the avoidance of doubt, Cumulative Events, it applicable, does not preclude postponement of valuation in 
accordance with this provisbn. 
'Cumulative Events' means except as provided below, in no event shall the total number of consecutive calendar days during 
which other (i)valuabon S deferred die to an Unseninbled Holiday, or (u) a Valuation Postponements hall occur (or any 
combination of (i) and Oa exceed 14 consecubve calendar days in the aggregate. Accordingly, (x) if, upon the lapse of any 
such 14 dayettrod. an Unscheduled Hdiday sha I have occurred or be continuing on the day followng such period that 
otherwise would have been a Business Day, then such day shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date, and (y) If, upon the lapse 
of any such 14 day period, a Price Source Deiruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the dayfollowing such paned on 
which the Spot Rate otherwse would be determined, then Valuation Postporem ents hal not applyand the Spot Rate shall be 
determined in accordance with the next Disruption Fallback.
Maximise Days of Postponement 
Fourteen (14) calendar days 
Business Days applicable to the Valuation Date. 
Seoul 
Business Days appicable to the Settlement Date 
Tokyo 
3. 
Calculation Agent: Party A 
4. 
Account Details: 
Account Details for Party A 
Deutsche Bank AG, Tokyo 
Swift Code DEUTJPJT 
Act. No.. 008515900 
Account Details for Party B. 
To be advised 
5. Offices: 
The Office of Party A for this Transactions Deutsdie Sank AG, London Brandt. 
The Office of Party B for this Transaction s 1 SOUTH STREET 
BALTIMORE 21202,WRYLAND,UNITED STATES 
Deubche Bank AG isauthorised under Getman Ilerkly law (competent sathority 
Federal Festal Soper/nine Autholityl. Deutsche Balk AG 
London Branch is further authorised by the Prulenaal Pc sdation Authaity and' soled to limited inaation by the Fnanc is Contact Authaity and 
Prtstentinl Regal:Ilion Authority for the candid of UK busts. Deutsthe Bank AG is a Wart sloth corporation with lintkocl liabifty inoarpomted 'n the 
Federal Repubrc of Germany HUNo.300M Mehl Cowl of Frankfurt ant Mein; Bra rah Registration in Enda rot and Wales BRD0000'a; Rogistrod address: 
Winchester House. 1 Great Winchester Street, London MIN 206.410107) 
Page 3o10 
EFTA00591190
--- PAGE 4 ---
TO: 80810577/5192764 
03Nov15 
0531 EST 
FROM: DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
PAGE 004 
8. 
Representations: 
Each party represents to the other party as of the date that it enters inb this Transaction that (absent a written agreement 
between the parties that expressly Imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for this Transaction) 
(I) 
Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account and it has made ib own independent decisions to enter into this 
Transaction and as to whether the Transaction e appropnate or proper for it based upon it own judgement and upon 
achnce from such advsers as it has deemed necessary. It Is not relying on any communicaton (written or oral) of the 
other party as Investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into this Transaction, rt being understood Mat 
information and rho:deflations related to the terms and conditions of this Transaction shall not be considered to be 
in eslment actoce or a recommendation to enter inb the Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received 
from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected result of this Transaction. 
(ii) 
Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on ib own behalf or 
through independent professional advice), and understands and accept the terms and conditions and risks of this 
Transaction It is also capable of assum'rg. and assunes, the risks of the Transaction. 
(iii) 
Status of Parties The other party is not acing as a fiduciary for or adviser to din respectof the Transaction. 
Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the terms of our agreement by executing the copy of this Confinnaton 
enclosed for that purpose and returnng it to us or by senring to us a letter or facsrn de substantelly similar to this letter. which 
letter or fa csinile sets forth he material terms of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates and indicates your 
agreement to those terms. 
Yours faithfully, 
for and on behalf of 
Deutsche Bank A4 London Branch 
2+,,,,,StAzAnd-
By 
Name: Apama Shrivastava 
Title. Authorised Signatory 
A. V 
By. 
Name: Darren Ohs 
Title: Authorised Signatory 
Confirmed as of the date first above written 
PRIVATE CLIENT SERVICES PWM ALEX BROWN AC SOUTHERN RNANCIAL LLC 
By.  
Name: 
Authorised Signatory 
By. 
Name: 
Authorised Signatory 
For any query relating to MIS Confirmation, please contact us on 
at NOF.Confirrnallon-Deptect.com 
If you agree with the details of this confirmation. please sign and return to fax numte 
Deutsche Sark AG is autnorised under Luthan Darlene taw (eminent authority -Berm Federal Friend& Super/äng Authority). Deutsche Ben< AG 
1.01601 Branch is fuller authotised by the Prudential fIntJation MIN:tity and s same ta *yaw ,eg,saiion by the rnare d conduct Authority and 
Pralastål Retplaton Autherly for the candid of UK buiness. Deutsche Dank AG tia joht sloe( corporation with l'rnItol iud5ty incorporated h the 
Federal Republic of Germany HADNo.300W Obeid Court of Fra ndurtam Mak; Dmrch Registration in Enlord and Wales BROOOD:G: Registered:W*9a: 
Wnchestel House. 1 GreatVintnester Street. London 0214208. (10107) 
Paw 4 oft) 
EFTA00591191

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591192.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591192.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 PVC 08-03-69 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
SPBRYE 
Travel Arrangements for: 
EPSTEIN/JEFFREY EDWARD 
Travel Details: 
Monday February 3, 2014 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
THE BAGGAGE FEESARULES OF BRITISH AIRWAYS/BRITISH AIRWAYS PLC APPLY TO THIS ITINERARY ANDMAY BE ACCESSED BY VISITING 
WWW.AEAIRWEELCOMMYTRAVELARRANGEMENTS/AIRLINEBAGGAGEPOLICIES.JSP 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas Ca Collect 
Agent ID. 66 
ITINERARY 
Generated: February 2. 2014 10.55 MI 
Page 1 o13 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
BRITISH AIRWAYS 
Airline Record Locator 
62PY34 
Flight: 
8006 
Equipment 
Boeing 757-200 
OPERATED BY OPENSKIES 
Departure: 
9:30 pm 
New York JFK. NY 
Esbmated Time: 
HR 35 MIN 
Arrival: 
11:05 am 
Pans Orly. FRANCE 
Distance: 
3.636 Mies 
Meal: 
Meal service 
Departure Terminal: 
TERMINAL 7 
Arriving on: 
February 4. 2014 
Arrival Termital: 
ORLY-OUEST 
Seats: 
OIDOIF 
Class: 
Busciess 
Travel Details: 
Wednesday February 12, 2014 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
BRITISH AIRWAYS 
Airline Record Locator 
62PY34 
Flight: 
8005 
Equipment 
Boeing 757-200 
OPERATED BY OPENSKIES 
Departure: 
5:00 pm 
Paris Orly. FRANCE 
Esbmated Time: 
HR 30 MIN 
Arrival: 
7:30 pm 
New York JFK. NY 
Distance: 
3.636 Mies 
Meal: 
Meal service 
Departure Terminal: 
ORLY-OUEST 
Arrival Termital: 
TERMINAL 7 
Seats: 
01A01C 
Class: 
Baseless 
Additional Information: 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
-------------------
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
arA1-.401 
ot
LiSit30 
EFTA00591192
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY BE SUBJECT 
TO AN INCREASE IN FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
AGENT REMARKS 
HERE IS ITINERARY 
THANKYOU FOR CHOOSING AMERICAN EXPRESS. 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels & 
Resorts program • an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check•in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Hotel Fouquet's Barriere 
Avenue George V 
Paris. 75008. France 
Hotel Lancaster 
rue de Bern 
Champs Elysees 
Paris. 75008. France 
Hotel le Bristol 
112 sue du Faubourg Saint Honore 
Paris. 75008. France 
Mandarin Oriental, Paris 
251 sue Saint Honore 
Paris. 75001. France 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00591193
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures cr advertisements desalt:4,g any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the teams and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. iicluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your hip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public Internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or. a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
California CSTa1022318.10. Rhode Island ML#1192. Washington UBIII600.469894, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00591194

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591195.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591195.pdf
----------------------------------------
Capricornus Portfolio 
Cash-Flow der Gesellschaften 
Capricornus S WG 
Ankauf/Y1 
Y1 
Alle Angaben in Euro 
Capricornus 7 MG 
Capricornus 8 SI 
Capricornus 9 WW 
26.598 
IRR 
Kumuliert 
19,15% 
THE TOM BOCK GROUP 
EFTA00591195

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591196.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591196.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXISTING FLOOR PLAN 
POCKET 00012 
ASSEMBLY 
NEW FLOOR PLAN 
POCKET DOOR 
ASSEMBLY 
OPEN OFFICE 
MASTER SUITE 
80El. 73,700 
FOR 
AIRO 
I New .1 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN BBJ 
OUPLICSi 
FOR FM MOVER OMER I. 
TYR FM 
ir tS 
WIRIGUT 
ORAN. LOAM 
1.117378B.1.1.1.1 
FREEr 
I of I 
OtreANT 
INIERWMOI.Jer INIIRIORA 
SME . 
rolormum are 
V. .60, 
EFTA00591196
--- PAGE 2 ---
MODIFIED FLOOR PLAN 
with open office 
POCKET DOOR 
ASSEMBLY 
Ji_ 
MASTER SUITE 
POCKET DOOR 
ASSEMBLY 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN BBJ 
OPEN OFFICE 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS 
PROPRIETARY TO INTERNATIONAL JET 
INTERIORS. INC. MID SMALL NOT DEE USED. 
DUPLICATED. OR FURTHER DISSEMINATED 
FOR ANY PURPOSE OTHER MOW THAT FOR 
WHICH IT IS FURNISEED. WITHOUT WRITTEN 
CONSENT OF INIERNAOONALJET INTERIORS. INC. 
Gr..p 
2221$,,,,,......„.< 
Lem:IONA IMMIthf hIptel 
international jet 
Rontorkone. Nee York 11779 
. . . .
'LC TYPE- 
BOEING 737.700 
sm. 
29273 
TIME: 
FLOOR PLANS 
Rev • 1 
OMAN AGATE. 
04.02.15 
DM NO.: 
141737BBJJERP1 
slat 
of 1 
SCALE: WA 
Talenocee are within eh .E4F 
EFTA00591197
--- PAGE 3 ---
MODIFIED FLOOR PLAN 
with open office 
POCKET DOOR 
ASSEMBLY 
POCKET DOOR 
ASSEMBLY 
OPEN OFFICE 
MASTER SUITE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN BBJ 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS 
PROPRIETARY TO INTERNATIONAL JET 
INTF_IDCR.S. INC. AND SMALL NOT SEE USED. 
DUPLICATED. OR FURTHER DISSEMINATED 
FOR ANY PURPOSE OTHER HINT TKA1 FCR 
WHICH IT IS FUME:IRO. WITHOUT WRITTEN 
CatSENT OF INTERNATIONALJET INTERIORS. INC. 
6"..p 
222, 
S-repone......./.,ut 
atm laani lAmArlha Amen 
international jel 
Rontortione..**Tork 11779 
. . . . .
. o .. . 
'LC TYPE- 
BOEING 737.700 
444 
29273 
TITLE: 
FLOOR PLANS 
Rov • 1 
DRUM. &DATE. 
04.02.15 
DWG NO.: 
IJI737BBJJE.FPI 
slat 
of 1 
SCALE: WA 
Telanwicall are within , J• .6CE 
EFTA00591198
--- PAGE 4 ---
MODIFIED FLOOR PLAN 
Extra Large Bedroom Suite 
POCKET DOOR 
ASSEMBLY r 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN BBJ 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS 
PROPRIETARY TO INTERNATIONAL JET 
INTEFOCRS. INC. FWD SHALL 9101 SEE USED. 
DUPLICATED. OR FURTNER DISSEMINATED 
FOR ANY PURPOSE 0111Eil 11(41 THAT FCR 
YRIICM IT IS FLPOOMMO. WITHOUT WRITTEN 
CONSENT OF INTERNATIONPLJET INTERIORS. INC. 
international jet 
$999,999.9994Hut 
Low IONA I.Me.AFImrAtpa1 
RontorPom9.9.T. IliTS 
DO Tv."..- 
BOEING 737.700 
29273 
I Rev • I 
MILE: 
FLOOR PLANS 
GROAN SOME 
04.02.15 
DNtl No.: 
IJI737BBJJE.FPI 
Diur 
1of1 
SCALE: WA 
Talerencas are within NI. .60. 
EFTA00591199

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591200.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591200.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 86 Filed 04/07/16 Page 1 of 3 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
Ghislaine Maxwell, 
Defendant. 
Case No.: 15-cv-07433-RWS 
MOTION FOR ADMISSION PRO HAC VICE 
Pursuant to Rule 1.3 of the Local Rules of the United States Courts for the Southern and 
Eastern Districts of New York, I BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, hereby move this Court for an Order 
for admission to practice Pro Hac Vice to appear as counsel for Plaintiff, 
in the above-captioned action. 
I am in good standing of the bar(s) of the state(s) of Florida and there are no pending 
disciplinary proceedings against me in any state or federal court. 
Dated: April 7, 2016 
Respectfully Submitted, 
/s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards (Seeking Pro Hac Vice) 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Telephone 
Facsimile 
Email: 
FLORIDA BAR NO.: 542075 
EFTA00591200
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 86 Filed 04/07/16 Page 2 of 3 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was filed with the 
Court's CM/ECF system on April 7, 2016, and will be served on all counsel of record listed below 
through the ECF system. 
SERVICE LIST 
Laura A. Menninger 
Jeffrey S. Pagliuca (Pro Hac Vice) 
HADDON MORGAN AND FOREMAN 
150 East 10th Avenue 
Denver, CO 80203 
Tele h n : 
Fax: 
Email: 
Email: 
Attorneys for Defendant 
Meredith L Schultz 
BOLES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP (FL) 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1200 
Fort Lauderdale FL 33301 
Telephone; 
Facsimil • 
Email: 
Paul G Cassell (Pro Hac Vice) 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at The University of Utah 
383 S. University Street 
Salt Lake City, 
84112-0730 
Telephone 
Facsimil 
Email: 
Sigrid McCawley (Pro Hac Vice) 
Boies Schiller & Flexner LLP 
401 E. Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Telephone: 
EFTA00591201
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 86 Filed 04/07/16 Page 3 of 3 
Facsimile:
Email: 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
By:  /s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00591202
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00591203
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00591204

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591205.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591205.pdf
----------------------------------------
ASU ORIGINS PROJECT EXTERNAL ADVISORY BOARD MEETING 
THE PHOENICIAN RESORT 
SCOTTSDALE, ARIZONA 
FEBRUARY 10-12, 2012 
Friday, February 10, 2012 
Arrivals 
6:00 pm 
Meet in hotel lobby for transport to Najafi residence 
If driving, please see Cynthia or Michelle for directions. 
6:30 pm 
Cocktail reception 
• Overview of the last 3 years and current planning 
7:30 pm 
Dinner 
Saturday, February 11, 2012 
Breakfast on your own 
9:00 am 
Morning Session 1 
• Introductions 
• Election of Chair 
• Review of organizational mission 
• Overview of mission statement 
• Origins Activities handout 
10:30 am 
Break 
11:00 am 
Morning Session 2 
• Physical Sciences discussion: Exciting new opportunities, existing initiatives, suggestions 
for workshops, faculty 
• Previous workshops - Origins Symposium (2009); Unsolved Problems of Gravity 
(2010); Coming Opportunities in Physical Cosmology (2011); Something from Nothing 
(2011) 
• Innovative research areas to explore and future workshop suggestions 
• Planned workshops - Protein Folding, Origins of Extinction, Exoplanets & Planetary 
Science 
• Current affiliated external faculty (Frank Wilczek) 
• Suggestions for future faculty 
• Current initiatives & partnerships - Science Friday, Cosmology Initiative, Beyond 
Center 
12:00 noon 
Lunch 
EFTA00591205
--- PAGE 2 ---
1:30 pm 
Afternoon Session 1 
• Biological Sciences discussion: Exciting new opportunities, existing initiatives, suggestions 
for workshops, faculty, Origins of Life Prize 
• Previous workshops - Origins Symposium (2009); Origins of Human Uniqueness and 
Behavioral Modernity (2010); Origins of Morality (2010); Origins of Life (2011); 
Science and Culture Festival (2011); ); Origins of Xenophobia (2011) 
• Origins of Life Prize 
• Innovative research areas to explore and future workshop suggestions 
• Planned workshops - Protein Folding, Origins of Cancer, Origins of Creativity, Origins 
of Dogs, Origins of Extinction, Origins of Sex, Astrobiology 
• Current affiliated external faculty (Sidney Altman, John Sutherland, Craig Venter) 
• Suggestions for future faculty 
• Current initiatives & partnerships - Science Friday, Center for Social Dynamics and 
Complexity, School of Human Evolution and Social Change, Richard Dawkins 
Foundation 
2:30pm 
Afternoon Session 2 
• Social Science and Humanities discussion: Exciting new opportunities, existing initiatives, 
suggestions for workshops, faculty, etc. 
• Previous workshops - Origins Symposium (2009); Origins of Human Uniqueness and 
Behavioral Modernity (2010); Origins of Morality (2010); Rightful Place of Science 
(2010); Origins of Life (2011); Science and Culture Festival (2011); Origins: Causation 
& Boundaries (2011); Origins of Xenophobia (2011) 
• Innovative research areas to explore and future workshop suggestions 
• Planned workshops - Lying: The Making of the World, Origins of Creativity, Origins of 
Sex 
• Current affiliated external faculty (Lucy Hawking, Writer-in-Residence 2010-2011) 
• Current initiatives & partnerships - Science Friday, Center for Social Dynamics and 
Complexity, School of Human Evolution and Social Change, Richard Dawkins 
Foundation, College of Law, Institute for Human Origins, Institute for Humanities 
Research, Piper Center for Creative Writing 
3:15pm 
Break 
3:45pm 
Afternoon Session 3 
• Origins of the Future discussion: Technology, innovation, future opportunities with 
industry 
• Innovative research areas to explore and future workshop suggestions 
• Climate change, extinctions 
• Social implication of emerging technologies: Biotechnology, nanotechnology, and 
quantum technology 
• Potential industry partnerships and affiliations 
4:15pm 
Afternoon Session 4 
• Curriculum Development 
• ReSets program, filmed Origins conversations, course development for 
certificate/minor 
• Plans for Origins Post-doc and graduate students 
EFTA00591206
--- PAGE 3 ---
5:00pm 
Wrap Up 
6:30pm 
Cocktails at J & G - Phoenician Resort 
7:00pm 
Dinner at J & G - Phoenician Resort 
Sunday, February 12, 2012 
Breakfast on your own 
9:00 am 
Morning Session 
• Financial review, new opportunities, and fundraising discussion 
• Organizational structure and activities 
• Proposed changes and opportunities for development 
• Strategic planning initiative 
• Outreach possibilities 
• Documentaries, online courses, partnerships, events around the country 
• Future directions 
10:45 am 
Concluding Remarks 
11:00 am 
Brunch and Departure 
EFTA00591207

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591208.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591208.pdf
----------------------------------------
tie 
Film Review: Arbitrage 
By: Peter Debruge 
January 22, 2012 
A Green Room Films and TreeHouse Pictures presentation of a Parlay Films, LB 
Prods., Artina Films production in association with Alvernia Studios, Lucky 
Monkey Pictures. (International sales: WME, Los Angeles.) Produced by Laura 
Bickford, Kevin Turen, Justin Nappi, Robert Salerno. Executive producers, Brian 
Young, Mohammed Al Turki, Lisa Wilson, Stanislaw Tyczynski, Lauren Versel, 
Maria Teresea Arida, Ron Curtis. Directed, written by Nicholas Jarecki. 
Robert Miller Richard Gere Ellen Miller Susan Sarandon Det. Michael Bryer Tim 
Roth Brooke Miller Brit Marling Julie Cote Laetitia Casta Jimmy Grant Nate 
Parker 
In Hitchcock movies, innocent men struggle to clear their names. In "Arbitrage," 
the opposite is true: Billionaire hedge fund manager Robert Miller (Richard Gere) 
is guilty of fraud, infidelity and murder, but he walks free of consequence in a 
system fueled by money. If that cold business-as-usual philosophy sounds 
cynical, don't tell writer-director Nicholas Jarecki, who seems oddly 
nonjudgmental about the iffy morality in his high-toned narrative debut. 
"Arbitrage" never lets Miller squirm for long, whether cooking the books or 
covering up the accidental death of his mistress. Such smart, adult-targeted fare 
should pay dividends for the right distrib. 
Perhaps the clearest indication of Jarecki's forgiving stance toward Millers 
situation is his choice of Gere. It's easy to imagine any number of casting 
alternatives who might have come across considerably less huggable (Al Pacino 
was attached at one point), and yet, one of the film's points seems to be that 
ethical misconduct often goes hand-in-hand with charm. Another suggests that 
no transgression is so great that it can't be negotiated into absolution, especially 
when it comes to America's financial sector. 
Being a billionaire is high-stress work, which will come as news to no one who's 
either worked on Wall Street or watched "Wall Street," a movie with no small on 
influence on Jarecki's vision. Miller is busy trying to negotiate a merger that 
would allow him not only to cash out of the company he built from scratch, but 
also to unload nearly $400 million in debt he's craftily hidden from his chief 
accountant, who also happens to be his daughter (Brit Marling). 
EFTA00591208
--- PAGE 2 ---
Back in humbler days, Miller built his empire on financial savvy. Today, this cocky 
one-time "oracle" is more concerned with trying to sustain the appearance of 
success, at least in the auditors' eyes. More troubling than the deception is the 
way everyone is complicit in the con: Investors accept bad accounting so long as 
the investments retain their value, just as Miller's wife (Susan Sarandon) turns a 
blind eye to the fact that her husband is sleeping around. 
Miller's financial dealings would be interesting enough to sustain "Arbitrage," 
particularly in light of Bernie Madoff and the many players in the current financial 
crisis. Hence, the subplot involving Miller's mistress (former Victoria's Secret 
model Laetitia Casta) comes as something of a distraction. After she dies in a 
grisly car crash, Miller's handling of the subsequent investigation steers the film 
into more conventional thriller territory, complete with Tim Roth as a persistent 
police detective (not much of a stretch from his TV gig on "Lie to Me"). 
On paper, Miller is clearly a monster, responsible not only for massive-scale 
white-collar crime, but also for an innocent woman's death. Every move he 
makes to protect himself puts the livelihood of others in jeopardy, as when he 
enlists Jimmy Grant (Nate Parker), the son of his former chauffeur, to help him 
out of the bind. Yet Gere is so smooth auds can't help but root for him to get 
away with it -- that's an uncomfortable place to be, and Jarecki knows it, making 
us complicit in Miller's maneuvers to pass his sham holdings on to another 
investor. 
Though it might have been easier to treat the sale of Miller's company as a 
looming abstraction, the way David Mamet does the leads in "Glengarry Glen 
Ross," Jarecki is clearly fascinated by the intricacies of business and law, 
incorporating complex dealings on both fronts into the film. Since Miller is all but 
untouchable to the police, the investigating detectives attempt to put the pressure 
on Jimmy Grant instead, giving Jarecki ample opportunity to contrast the 
treatment of suspects from Harlem with that of a big-time Wall Street player. 
The only character willing to stand up to Miller's behavior is his daughter Brooke, 
who uncovers the extent of his fraud at roughly the same moment the deal is 
about to go through. Making her first appearance since last year's Sundance 
("Another Earth," "Sound of My Voice"), Marling reaffirms the singularity of her 
onscreen presence, conveying strength, sensitivity and smarts in the role of a 
young businesswoman; it's too bad the makers of last year's "Atlas Shrugged" 
hadn't seen "Arbitrage" first, as she would have made a formidable Dagny 
Taggart. 
Between this cast and the conviction Jarecki brings to the table, the film feels 
incredibly accomplished for a first feature, demonstrating production values on 
par with those of full-blown studio pics, including crisp lensing by Yorick Le Saux 
("I Am Love") and a tense tonal score from Clint Mansell ("Black Swan"). Jarecki 
may have jumped in on the deep end, but his ambition is rewarded with a 
EFTA00591209
--- PAGE 3 ---
professional, morally thorny thriller that gives auds all the more reason to resent 
those responsible for the current financial mess. 
Camera (color), Yorick Le Saux; editor, Douglas Crise; music, Clint Mansell; 
production designer, Beth Mickle; art director, Michael Ahern; set decorator, 
Carrie Stewart; costume designer, Joe Aulisi; sound (Dolby Digital), Tod 
Maitland; supervising sound designer, Stephen H. Flick; supervising re-recording 
mixer, Rick Ash; special effects coordinator, Steve Kirshoff; visual effects, 
Alvernia Studios, Gradient Effects; stunt coordinators, George Aguilar, Jeffrey L. 
Gibson; assistant director, Ivan Fonseca. Reviewed at Sundance Film Festival 
(Premieres), Jan. 21, 2012. Running time: 107 MINI. 
With: Stuart Margolin, Chris Eigeman, Graydon Carter, Bruce Altman, Larry Pine, 
Curtis Cook. 
EFTA00591210

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591211.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591211.pdf
----------------------------------------
VANITYRIR 
Arbitrage Director Nicholas Jarecki on Bernie Madoff, 
Wall Street's "Cocaine Eyes," and the Film's V .F . 
Connection 
By: Julie Miller 
January 25, 2012 
The Sundance Film Festival has a reputation for slow-paced independent 
dramas, which is why when the rare, well-executed thriller pops up on the Park 
City premiere schedule, it generates a lot of buzz. This year, festival-goers were 
lucky enough to enjoy one such picture: the tense tale of a corrupt hedge-fund 
manager's undoing, Arbitrage, from first-time feature director Nicholas Jarecki. 
Sure, we may be slightly biased—the film was inspired in part by the 2010 
anthology The Great Hangover 21 Tales of the New Recession from the Pages 
of Vanity Fair, and it features a cameo by V.F.'s editor, Graydon Carter—but you 
needn't look further than early reviews to see that it has been impartially well 
received. 
Acquired at Sundance by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions, the film stars 
Richard Gere as a morally bankrupt billionaire, Susan Sarandon as his wife, and 
Brit Marling as his daughter and chief investment officer. This week, we spoke to 
EFTA00591211
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jarecki about coming full circle with Vanity Fair, Wall Street "cocaine eyes," and 
why he didn't want to base Gere's character on Bernie Madoff. 
Julie Miller: As the story goes, you were inspired to write Arbitrage 
because of a series of articles published by Vanity Fair called The Great 
Hangover. 
Nicholas Jarecki: Yes. I owe it all to Graydon! 
. .. who has a cameo in the film. At what point did he agree to participate? 
It happened at the last minute. I knew that we had a great cameo role. The 
characters are talking about [Graydon's character] the whole movie. "Where is 
he? Is he coming? Is he coming?" The characters built him up so much that 
when he did walk in, we needed a great guy. We didn't know who the hell it could 
be. Then finally one of our producers, Laura Bickford, who has been friends with 
Graydon for a long time, just said, "What about Graydon?" I said, "Oh my god, 
that would be full circle. If he can do it, let's do it." He was fantastic. He's not a 
professional actor, but he has such an intimate knowledge of the [financial] world 
that he was just able to slide right into that suit—which, by the way, was his own 
suit. 
The movie is about a corrupt hedge-fund "ace," Robert Miller, played by 
Richard Gere. At what point did you realize that you could sympathize with 
this type of character enough to tell his story fairly? 
I think that ultimately any effective drama or tragedy tries to put you as much as it 
can into the protagonist's shoes. I loved films of the 70s with those antihero 
protagonists who you don't know if you can get behind because their behavior is 
really questionable. Our character is in such a bind that he has to sell his 
company, or he is going to jail for 1,000 years and die in prison. His options are 
really limited. I didn't want to do a Bernie Madoff story, because I had heard 
something Madoff said in jail: "Fuck my victims. I carried them for 25 years. Now 
doing 125." To me, those were just the words of a sociopath, and I thought 
that was too limited of a character. 
I noticed you did integrate one fascinating component of the Madoff 
situation into Arbitrage—that his seemingly naïve offspring worked for him. 
It's interesting to see how family plays into Robert's struggle between 
power and morality. 
Well, Aristotle was really my guiding teacher; 2,500 years ago he wrote a book 
called Poetics, where he outlined how you're supposed to write a screenplay or a 
EFTA00591212
--- PAGE 3 ---
stage play. He said that when you're dealing with a drama or a tragedy, you have 
to pick relationships that are very close because those are things that we 
understand, and when they get tested, it's the most painful. He said a brother 
killing a brother is something that really affects us. Here, you have a character 
like Brooke [Robert's daughter], who is beautiful, brilliant, capable, but a little bit 
sheltered, and she believes in what her father has told her. She believes in the 
mission, but she hasn't had to confront these hard realities. 
Your parents both worked in finance. How did that inform this story? 
They were traders, and I learned a lot from them. I used to own my own 
computer business, so a lot of the stuff comes from stuff I did. The scene in the 
restaurant where [Robert] does the deal on the menu—I actually did that to 
somebody once. It was definitely drawn from a lot of personal experience beyond 
the great Graydon collection. 
Did you speak with any current Wall Street traders? 
Well, Richard, Brit, and I went to the stock exchange and shadowed hedge-fund 
traders and talked to them. Richard, really intelligently, only asked them about 
their wives, families, and personal lives. That was so much smarter than asking 
them about currency arbitrage. 
What was the most surprising thing you discovered from talking to them? 
Richard described it really well—he described [them as having] kind of a "cocaine 
eye." A lot of these guys operate off the drug of money, power, and success. I 
would add sex to that, because I think there is an erotic charge to it—a vitality, an 
energy, a sense of invincibility. I think after one too many deals, and if things go 
your way long enough, it's easy to forget how big of a role luck plays in 
everything. You could be wrong just as easily as you could be right. That's what 
happened to Robert Miller. He took liberties that he had no business taking. 
If there's any cautionary element, that would be it. The film's not meant to be 
demoralizing or some stark political agitprop. It's meant to be a thriller and a fun 
experience. It provokes some questions like: What responsibilities do we have for 
each other, and what happens when greed overtakes that? 
After all of the research you did for Arbitrage, do you have a theory about 
men like Robert Miller and Bernie Madoff? Do you think there is some 
characteristic or brain chemistry that differentiates them from the rest of 
us? 
EFTA00591213
--- PAGE 4 ---
I don't think they are different from us at all. I think we all have the capability to 
go into these places, but circumstance is a big determinant. Anybody can do 
anything, and anybody is capable of anything. What intrigued me about this is 
that when I was writing, I was feeling out the characters in my head. So it must 
come from me. I asked myself what I would do in this situation, and the answers 
were a little frightening sometimes, but I tried to be as honest as I could. 
One last question—I know you've been to Sundance before as a producer, 
but how does that compare to coming as a writer/director? 
Doing anything on a movie at Sundance is great. I've been here in a [production 
assistant] capacity, sweeping up. Writing and directing your own film, for me, has 
been the best experience of my life. Robert Redford made a great personal 
sacrifice financially and with the time that he put into creating a very special 
forum to share ideas. And it was a delight to be here sharing mine. 
EFTA00591214

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591215.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591215.pdf
----------------------------------------
indieWIRE 
filmmakers. biz. fans. I a SnagFilms company 
Meet the 2012 Sundance Filmmakers #9: Eugene 
Jarecki, 'The House I Live In' 
By: indieWire 
January 6, 2012 
'The House I Live In" director Eugene Jarecki 
Documentary filmmaker and Sundance staple Eugene Jarecki (his last film 
"Reagan" premiered at the festival in 2011 and his 2005 film "Why We Fight" won 
the Sundance Grand Jury Prize) is back this year with "The House I Live In" 
(U.S. Documentary competition), a comprehensive work that delves into the war 
on drugs. 
What it's about: Filmed in more than 20 states, "The House I Live In" tells the 
stories of individuals at all levels of America's war on drugs. 
Says director Jarecki: "I've been preparing to make this film for over 20 years. 
But its seeds were planted in my childhood. I first met Nannie Jeter, one of the 
film's main characters, when I was just a few days old coming home from the 
hospital. From that day on, she became a second mother to me, and her children 
and grandchildren a second family. Growing up in the wake of the civil rights 
movement, I thought we were all living in a kind of post-racial America — a place 
of new equality and opportunity. But as we grew older, I saw our paths diverge —
where I as a white American found opportunity and privilege, they as African-
Americans met a new kind of struggle that reemerged for black people in the 
EFTA00591215
--- PAGE 2 ---
post-civil rights era. 
"This struggle holds particular significance for me, since my own family came to 
America fleeing persecution in Europe. From an early age, I was taught that my 
life would only have meaning if I brought the knowledge of this experience to 
bear in the defense of those suffering in today's world. Naturally, watching people 
I love encounter challenges in America made me want to understand what was 
hurting them. And the more I looked, the more clear it became that first drugs 
and then the war waged against them were the primary forces behind their pain. 
"The film is extremely personal for me in that it tells the stories of people I care 
greatly about and explores forces in American life that are deeply saddening. It 
tells very intimate and tender stories of people whose lives have been impacted 
by the war on drugs, but it also puts these stories in an historical context, sharing 
with the viewer a wide canvas that was painted for me by the many experts who 
gave their time to appear in the film. This is a challenging combination, because 
it means the film seeks to work on both emotional and intellectual wavelengths at 
the same time. 
"The art of this, which I also faced in 'Why We Fight,' was in balancing the 
emotional and intellectual aspects in way that would create the most moving, 
gripping, and far-reaching film I can. There is so much to say about the drug war 
that part of this challenge, too, was in simply reining in the vast amount of 
footage we shot, experiences we had, and reflections that were shared with us 
into a manageable length. I like movies that are short enough that when people 
leave the theater, the night is still young and there's still time for people to talk 
long and deep about their thoughts and reactions 
"Between escalating violence in Mexico and recent legislative upheavals 
regarding drug sentencing and even limited legalization, the role of illegal drugs 
in American society and the war against their users and distributors is at the 
forefront of the national conversation. It needs to stay there until real change 
begins in earnest. I believe this is a pivotal moment for such change and my 
hope is that people's reaction to the film is both an emotional one — moved by the 
characters and their heartbreaking stories — and an intellectual one — aware that 
only with public opposition will the forces that drive this system be prevented 
from continuing to damage so many American lives." 
EFTA00591216

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591217.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591217.pdf
----------------------------------------
Elle ;New o rk a' uto 
Sundance Documentaries Transform Data 
Into Stories 
By: Manohla Dargis 
January 30, 2012 
A scene from "The House I Live In: directed by Eugene Jarecki. 
Over the weekend, "The House I Live In," Eugene Jarecki's heart-heavy 
investigation into the American war on drugs, nabbed the grand jury prize for 
documentary at the Sundance Film Festival. Mr. Jarecki's other movies include 
"The Trials of Henry Kissinger," about you know who, and a 2005 grand jury 
prize winner, "Why We Fight," about the American military industrial complex. 
Notably, one of this year's jury members was Charles Ferguson, whose 
documentaries include "No End in Sight" and "Inside Job," and who, like Mr. 
Jarecki, has a methodological gift for transforming boatloads of information into 
both political arguments and eminently watchable narratives. 
Mr. Jarecki's new documentary takes its title from the song, memorably crooned 
by both Paul Robeson and Frank Sinatra, which compares America with a house 
we - "all races and religions" - live in. As Mr. Jarecki explains in his voiceover, he 
came to his latest subject through his relationship with Nannie Jeter, an African-
American who worked for his (white) family when he was young. After the drug-
related death of her son, Mr. Jarecki found himself wondering what drugs had 
done to Ms. Jeter's family, a question that quickly found him, as he tells it here, 
shifting his focus from drugs, their uses and abuses, to the war on drugs. 
EFTA00591217
--- PAGE 2 ---
Marshaling a wealth of material - home movies, television news reports, health 
films and original material, including myriad talking-head interviews - Mr. Jarecki 
looks at the politics and policies of the war on drugs, from the streets to the 
courts and beyond. Using Richard M. Nixon's declaration of the start of the drug 
war as one anchor (the president speaks approvingly of spending resources on 
treatment), Mr. Jarecki moves forward in time to show what the war then wrought 
and looks back in history to explain how and why drugs became politicized. His 
findings about the causes of the war - specifically as a powerful instrument of 
racial and class control - and his conclusions about its untold number of 
casualties and nominally unseen costs are shocking if not surprising. 
Among the movie's fiercest, most persuasive talking heads is the blunt-talking 
David Simon, the former journalist turned television auteur of "The Wire," that 
brilliant, densely layered inquiry into some of the institutional stakes of the drug 
war. Mr. Jarecki could use some of that directness in his documentary's 
voiceover. However well-intentioned and earnest an attempt at universality (he 
registers as a nice white guy trying to figure it all out), Mr. Jarecki's decision to 
weave himself into the narrative initially comes across as ill-advised and close to 
self-flattering. Particularly cumbersome are his intermittent questions - he does a 
lot of wondering aloud - a rhetorical strategy that needlessly implies a level of 
naivete than Mr. Jarecki's strong, persuasive moviemaking finally demolishes. 
Directed by the filmmaker and photographer Lauren Greenfield, the documentary 
"The Queen of Versailles" takes a voyeuristic look at David and Jackie Siegel, a 
millionaire (or billionaire) couple whose titanic American dream, including the 
construction of a 90,000-square-foot, mansion, collided with the reality of 2008 
economic meltdown. How Ms. Greenfield convinced the Siegels to let her poke 
around their Florida manse - a rococo, 34,000-square-foot monstrosity stuffed 
with children, servants, clutter and eventually, after the help starts to thin, dog 
droppings - is a testament to either the filmmaker's wiles or the narcissism of her 
subjects. "Versailles" doesn't say anything new about megawealth in America, 
but its a jaw-dropping glimpse at Rome before and after the fall. 
Here's hoping that some daring distributor takes a chance on "Room 237," a 
wonderfully entertaining look at the extreme movie love that has grown up 
around Stanley Kubrick's masterly 1980 chiller, "The Shining." Directed by 
Rodney Ascher, "Room 237" takes as its point of departure those cinephiles who, 
as they explain in voiceover, have dedicated an extraordinary amount of time and 
even more imagination to unlocking the secrets - some convincing, others more 
cracked than Jack Nicholson's crazed character - in "The Shining." Wittily, Mr. 
Ascher employs a lavish number of seamlessly edited movie clips to illustrate 
these theories, a strategy that affirms just how deeply some fanatics live not just 
with the object of their cine-obsessions but also inside them. Mr. Ascher's end 
credits state that his sampling of all these films falls under fair use. Fingers 
crossed that he's right. 
EFTA00591218
--- PAGE 3 ---
Among the other Sundance documentaries that stirred up interest and noise the 
most disappointing was Amy Berg's "West of Memphis," her look at the West 
Memphis Three. In brief, the three men - Damien Echols, Jason Baldwin and 
Jessie Misskelley Jr. - had been, until their release in August, doing time for the 
1993 murder of three 8-year-old boys in the Arkansas town of West Memphis. In 
their 1996 documentary "Paradise Lost: The Child Murders at Robin Hood Hills" 
and two subsequent movies, Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sinofsky helped to stir 
doubts about the convictions, becoming part of the campaign to free the three. 
(Mr. Berlinger's and Mr. Sinofsky's third movie, "Paradise Lost 3: Purgatory," has 
been nominated for an Oscar.) 
It's unclear what Ms. Berg and her patrons - the director Peter Jackson and his 
wife, the producer Fran Walsh - thought that another movie about the case would 
add to the cinematic record. There's some fine material here, but the 
documentary revisits familiar terrain and leans too hard on insinuation, as with 
the suggestion that some prosecutorial players used the original trial for 
(surprise) political gain. Unfortunately, Ms. Berg doesn't dig into the politics and 
instead meanders here and there in a documentary that has too much Eddie 
Vedder (a West Memphis Three supporter) and, like Mr. Berlinger and Mr. 
Sinofsky's work, includes too many crime-scene photos of three naked, hogtied 
children whose deaths can register as a filmmaking afterthought. 
EFTA00591219

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591220.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591220.pdf
----------------------------------------
LDB/ DRB 
QEF INCOME 
ELECTION TO DEFER PAYING TAX - SEC 1294 
FOR YEAR 2014 
ALM VII (R) LTD 
QEF 
ORD INC 
1,351,090 
QEF 
LTCG 
QEF 
DISTRIBUTIONS 
HARVEST HOLDINGS LLC 
42,029 
18,349,517 
AVANT HOLDINGS (MI) II. LLC 
2,890,293 
2,681,607 
TOTAL INCOME 
4,283,412 
21,031,124 
FED 
TAX RATE 
28.0% 
20.0% 
TOTAL 
1,199,355 
4,206,225 
5,405,580 
4,283,412 
21,031,124 
NYS/C 
TAX RATE (APPROX) 
12.6% 
12.6% 
539,710 
2,649,922 
3,189,632 
AWATING APOLLO/ DELOITTE TO CONFIRM THAT THE ABOVE QEF AMOUNTS 
ARE UNDISTRIBUTED AS OF 12/31/2014. THE BRH K-1 SHOWS ZERO DISTRIBUTIONS 
FROM THESE ENTITIES AND SUCH ENTITIES WERE NOT SOLD IN 2014. 
EFTA00591220

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591221.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591221.pdf
----------------------------------------
ENTRY / CREW REST 
GALLEY / VIP LAVATORY 
LOUNGE 
CONFERENCE / DINING 
OFFICE / CONFERENCE 
STATEROOM 
EXECUTIVE LAVATORY 
GALLEY 
'AC DOOR 
FWD 
ENTRY DOOR 
TYPE 3 
EMER. EXIT 
BBJ PASSENGERS: 19 
Fuel Tanks: 3 Fwd, 5 Aft 
 ••• 
TYPE 3 
EMER. EXIT 
Completion Center: Associated Air Center 
Interior Design by Associated Air Center. 
Photos Courtesy of Bud Shannon Photography. 
AFT 
ENTRY DOOR 
BOEING BUSINESS JETS 
EFTA00591221

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591222.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591222.pdf
----------------------------------------
2OO3 BOEING BUSINFSS JET (S/N 32775) SPECIFICATIONS 
SERIAL NUMBER 32775 
AIRFRAME Total Time: 3,523.8 Hours Landings: 944 (as of 07/18/13) 
AIRFRAME MAINTENANCE STATUS 
Enrolled on CAMP; 12-Year and Landing Gear due August 2014 
ENGINES CFM56-7B27, Enrolled on GE OnPoint Engine Program 
Engine #1 
Engine #2 
Serial Numbers: 888442 888445 
Total Time: 3,523.8 Hours 3,523.8 Hours 
Total Cycles: 944 944 
APU Honeywell 131-9(B) Total Time: 3,112.6 Hours Total Cycles: 2,m8 
AVIONICS Enrolled on Honeywell Avionics Protection Plan 
Communication: Triple Gables Radio Tuning Units, Dual Collins HF Transceivers, Triple Collins 
VHF 
Navigation: Six Tube Multi Function EFIS, Flight Dynamics Heads-Up Display, Enhanced Ground 
Prox 
Warning System EGPWS, Dual Collins Radio Altimeters, Single Collins Weather Radar with 
Windshear 
Capabilities: Single Collins TCAS II Computer, Dual Collins Transponders/VOR/DME/ADF 
Receivers, 
Dual Collins VOR/Marker Beacon Receivers, Dual Smith Flight Management Systems, Dual Multi-
Mode Receiver with GPS/ILS, Teledyne Airborne Data Loader, Smith Auto Throttle System 
OPTIONS 
Lower Cabin Altitude, DIRECTV, WiFi, Satcom, Airshow, B&D cabin display 
ADDITIONAL FEATURES 
Eight (8) auxiliary fuel tanks with a spare 9th tank (NO STC for 9th tank installation), Raytheon 
3-zone cabin temp control. 
WEIGHT & CAPACITY 
Maximum Take-off Weight: r71,000 LBS 
Maximum Landing Weight: 134,000 LBS 
Maximum Zero Fuel Weight: ro5,000 LBS 
Operating Empty Weight: 99,900 LBS 
INTERIOR 
This BIN has certified seating for nineteen (19) passengers. There are four separate cabin 
areas consisting of a passenger lounge with dining and conference area, VIP suite, private 
stateroom and a full galley. Forward, just behind the cockpit, is crew / staff seating, crew 
lavatory, separate crew rest area with divan/bunk, full service galley and passenger lavatory. 
Proceeding aft is a passenger lounge with seating for eight (8) featuring two opposing 16G 
berthable three place divans and two executive seats followed by a dining and conference 
area with three (3) executive seats and a three (3) place 16G berthable divan. Further aft is 
a private VIP suite featuring a two (2) place club opposite a three (3) place 16G berthable 
divan. The final aft cabin is a private stateroom featuring a queen-sized bed with opposing 
settee complimented by a lavatory with large vanity. Entertainment: (2) 42" monitors located in 
passenger lounge forward and and aft bulkhead; (1) 42" monitor located in private stateroom; 
(2) 24" monitors located in private VIP suite. 
EXTERIOR 
Matterhorn White (Sherwin Williams 5o566), Titanium (Sherwin Williams 10679), Royal Blue 
(Sherwin Williams o0244). Original Paint By Biz-Jet. Aircraft always hangared. 
EFTA00591222

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591223.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591223.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
I 
I 
I 
PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
REVISIONS 
IC areimiem One willW•Mine XI MS NOM ise YP 9444 *X a IMMXCE. 01464111111114•04 
011 MMI 011614101 NI MOM COS WO 106 VIM MIME Mtn WM M.001101 MN MS WW1= 
NOTES: 
ito -Co
01400101 
4400 
441 
B 1,2 1) INCORPORATED ECO Al. 
S A.B. 
T. PAO4JETTE 6/07/ 11 
D 
FOOT REST.
ftt 
 6.1 in i l l 
1. ALL SEATS TO HAVE 
C 1.2 1) INCORPORATED ECO 81. 
SA.B. 
C 
B 
A 
o 
o 
• 
8 0 
ul 
O 
• 
ei 4 
▪ 
n • 
ob 
• 
4) 
/7) 
• 
• 
• 
<
r 
f
< 4 
tf. 
IA 
VI 
V) 
VI 
(41 
Ul 
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
CREW LOUNGE 
GALLEY 
IS" MONITOR 
FLUSH MOUNTED 
DOUBLE ATTENDANT 
SEAT 
CLOSET 
10.4 TOUCH 
SCREEN MONITOR 
COAT CLOSET 
LEGEND: 
LOUNGE: 16 
STATEROOM: 
GUEST 
LAVATORY 
CLOSET 
ENTRANCE 
10.4 TOUCH SCREEN MONITOR 
LCD MONITOR 
LOUNGE 
10X STORAGE 
ul 
CD 
u 
O 
8 8 8 
P 
O 
6 
ai 
, 
ai S 0 
.6 
r. 
r: 
p: 
p: 
r 
r: 
r: 
r: 
r: 
t: 
r: 
r: 
r: 
r: 
t: 
r: 
u: 
•i 
C 
• 0 
- 0 0 
R
til 
4) 
o 
M V) 
C 
P
l.:
P
r:
P
P! 
A: 
1p! 
P 
t?, 
I 
(13 
8 
el: 
• 
0) 
Li 
< 
UI 
VI 
0▪ 
VI 
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
10.4 TOUCH SCREEN MONITOR 
GLASSWARE STORAGE 
SHELVES 
SNACK BAR -
W/ SLIDING TABLE 
STORAGE w/ 
ADJUSTABLE SHELVES 
CORNER TABLE 
42" HD LCD 
MONITOR 
2X 9G DIVAN 
W/ LAY FLAT BERTHING 
FLOOR PLAN 
VIEW LOOKING DOWN 
42" HD LCD MONITOR 
HALLWAY 
STATEROOM 
PULL OUT TABLE 
(XIS INC 
STORAGE
-
 AREA 
GUEST LOUNGE 
I I 
STATEROOM 
LAVATORY 
DEACTIVATED 
DEACTIVATED 
QUEEN SIZE BED 
WITH STORAGE BELOW 
10.4" POP UPMONITOR 
31" MANUAL POP UP HD LCD MONITOR 
2x STORAGE 
Rix 45.50 (EXr5nRC) 
RBL 24.75 (EXISTING) 
Lik 24.75 (EXISTING) 
LEIL 45.50 (EXISTING) 
••• 
a•V 
MOD MP 
UNLESS 044/445E SPEC.41) 
DimENSONS ARC Si 664S 
10MMACES MC: 
MENIAL 
MIOIAM 
.XX 
2O7 
SUMAC( 1110:34 
as 
PROJECTION  
DO NOT SCALE DRAWING 
aft 4 
mtgs., mama 
(4440. SOO 
40.4104.43 
(mgr. SM) 
••••444 
mom 
BALDWIN. S. 
mow 
T. PAQUETTE 
mum 
4/8/11 
MOM 
4/13/I1 
e PATS 
INTERIOR 
FLOOR PLAN 
Cat 40 
410:41, 
J. SU1TH 
311L8 74'2-2500-600 
C 
B 
..a 
Au
r
p
V 
ta
i
R 
OT• Nei 
I
I 
a
I 
F 
t 
A 
4/15/11 Ara 1:4Oj 
AUtOr..AD PAA•4.4 
sco 
I 
farfci.%is
EFTA00591223
--- PAGE 2 ---
w 
V 
r 
CD
CO 
to 
NJ 
O 
O 
Cr, 
O 
O 
-n 
z 
El 
7) O 
r
z
-
NVld 230013 
l Y
C ? 
lel 
mant 
g 
g 
r• 
(OHLISIX3) St'n 181 
I 
Si 
- 
STA 270.00 
- 
STA 291.50 
- 
STA 312.00 
- 
STA 332.10 
- 
STA 344.00 
- 
STA 360.00 
- 
STA 350.00 
- 
STA 400.00 
- 
STA 420.00 
- 
STA 440.00 
- 
STA 460.00 
- 
STA 480.00 
- 
STA 500.00 
- 
STA 500.00 A 
- 
STA 500.00 B 
- 
STA 500.00 C 
- 
STA 500.00 D 
- 
STA 520.00 
- 
STA 540.00 
- 
STA 559.00 
- 
STA 578.00 
- 
STA 601.00 
- 
STA 616.00 
•-•-•.• STA 627.50 
•-•-•-• STA 639.00 
- 
STA 663.75 
- 
STA 655.00 
- 
STA 706.00 
- 
STA 727.00 
- 
STA 727.00 A 
- 
STA 727.00 8 
-- 
STA 727.00 C 
- 
STA 727.00 0 
- 
STA 727.00 E 
- 
STA 747.00 
STA 767.00 
- 
STA 787.00 
STA 807.00 
- 
STA 827.00 
- 
STA 847.00 
- 
STA 867.00 
- 
STA 887.00 
- 
STA 907.00 
- 
STA 927.00 
- 
STA 947.5O 
- 
STA 986.50 
-- 
STA 1OO6.0O 
ni 
6/34212C0.600_CAig 063t / 1 by ~am ol MUS ACAD te1005 
w 
EFTA00591224

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591225.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591225.pdf
----------------------------------------
SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT 
BETWEEN THE GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
AND NAUTILUS, INC. 
WHEREAS, the Complainant, the Department of Planning and Natural Resources 
(DPNR), is responsible for the administration and enforcement of laws and regulations 
pertaining to the protection and preservation of the coastal resources of the United States Virgin 
Islands, including the Coastal Zone Management Act (hereinafter "the CZM Act"), Title 12, 
Chapter 21, of the Virgin Islands Code; 
WHEREAS the Division of Coastal Zone Management (CZM) is a division of DPNR; 
WHEREAS, Respondent, Nautilus, Inc. (hereinafter "Respondent") is a duly registered 
corporation conducting its affairs in the United States Virgin Islands. 
WHEREAS, Respondent is a person as that term is defined in Section 902 of the Coastal 
Zone Management (CZM) Act. 
WHEREAS, Respondent is the owner of property described as Little St. James Cay, on St. 
Thomas, Virgin Islands (hereinafter "the Property"). 
WHEREAS, Little St. James Cay is located within the first tier of the Coastal Zone. 
WHEREAS, on or about December 8, 2011 personnel from the divisions of Coastal Zone 
Management and Fish and Wildlife conducted a site visit at Little St. James Cay. 
WHEREAS, upon inspection such personnel found what they believed to be excavation at 
the shoreline and that near shore soil disposal at the Cay had occurred. 
WHEREAS, further inspection revealed a track hoe had been operated at the northern point 
of Little St. James Cay. 
EFTA00591225
--- PAGE 2 ---
Settlement Agreement 
DPNR and NAUTILUS, INC. 
Page 2 
WHEREAS, DPNR/CZM concluded that the foregoing activities at Little St. James Cay 
listed herein constituted a violation of the Coastal Zone Management Act; 
WHEREAS, NOVA-01-12-STT was issued by DPNR/CZM on February 24, 2012, and 
served on Maria T. Hodge, attorney-in-fact for Nautilus, Inc., on March 8, 2012; 
WHEREAS, attorney Hodge submitted on April 4, 2012, a Request for Hearing and Answer 
to request an informal conference to comment on the allegations of NOVA-01-12-STT and 
promote early resolution. 
WHEREAS, a meeting was held on April 24, 2012 with Director, Jean-Pierre L. Oriol, 
Legal Counsel Winston Brathwaite, and Special Projects Coordinator, Alex Holecek and 
negotiations ensued; 
WHEREAS, the parties recognize that, without any admission of liability, this resultant 
Agreement has been negotiated in good faith and that it is fair, reasonable and in the public 
interest. 
NOW, THEREFORE, DPNR and NAUTILUS, INC. agree as follows: 
1. 
Parties Bound 
This Agreement shall be binding upon each of the parties and their successors and 
assigns. Each signatory to this Agreement certifies that he or she is authorized to enter into the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement and to legally bind the party he or she represents. 
2. 
Civil Penalty Assessment 
Respondent, Nautilus, Inc., shall pay a stipulated penalty in the amount of FIFTY 
THOUSAND and 00/100 DOLLARS ($50,000.00). Additionally all corrective actions below 
must be taken: 
EFTA00591226
--- PAGE 3 ---
Settlement Agreement 
DPNR and NAUTILUS, INC. 
Page 3 
3. 
Corrective Actions 
a. 
Respondent must submit a plan for the removal of the illegally 
filled area identified in NOVA-01 -12-STT to CZM. The plan must 
include the methods of removal, at the end location for the material 
being removed, the erosion and sediment control measures to be 
installed, and the expected length of time for the removal process. 
b. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing requirement, if a qualified expert, 
engaged by Respondent and approved by DPNR, concludes upon 
complete review, that removal of the structures and/or fill in the 
illegally filled area as described in sub-paragraph a, would be more 
detrimental to the site than leaving that in place, Respondent shall 
file a copy of such expert's report and recommendation to DPNR 
for review and consideration. If DPNR determines, upon review of 
the expert's report, that removal of the structure and/or material is 
best left in place, Respondent shall not prepare a plan for removal 
thereof, but shall instead comply with the requirements of sub-
section d hereof. 
c. 
Respondent shall apply for all territorial and federal permits 
necessary to perform the removal of the filled area, if such removal 
is determined by DPNR to be required. 
d. 
If it is determined that the fill in the area is best left in place, 
Respondent shall, in lieu of removal, fund a coral restoration 
project in an amount not less than the cost of the removal of the 
EFTA00591227
--- PAGE 4 ---
Settlement Agreement 
DPNR and NAUTILUS, INC. 
Page 4 
filled area. The details of the funding of coral restoration project 
shall be reasonably determined by the parties hereto if a 
determination is made that the fill in the area is best left in place. 
4. 
Non-Compliance with other Applicable Laws 
This Agreement in no way relieves Respondent of its responsibility to comply with any 
other applicable federal or territorial laws, regulations and permits not specifically mentioned 
herein, and compliance with this Agreement shall not constitute a defense to any action pursuant 
to said laws, regulations, or permits, . 
5. 
Release 
Upon compliance with all terms and conditions of this agreement, each of Respondent, its 
owners, directors, officers, employees and agents, and Respondent's predecessor in interest, LSJ, 
LLC, its owners, members, managers, officers, employees and agents, (hereinafter, jointly, 
"Releasees") shall be released from civil and criminal liability for the specific violations of the 
Act mentioned in NOVA-01-12-STT. 
6. 
Covenant Not to Sue 
In consideration of the actions that will be performed by Respondents under the terms of 
this Agreement, and except as specifically provided in Paragraph 7 of this Agreement, DPNR 
covenants not to sue or to take administrative action or seek criminal penalties against Releasees 
for violations of the Act, relating to any violation alluded to herein. These covenants not to sue 
are conditioned upon the complete and satisfactory performance by Respondents of their 
obligations under this Agreement. 
EFTA00591228
--- PAGE 5 ---
Settlement Agreement 
DPNR and NAUTILUS, INC. 
Page 5 
7. 
Reservations of Rights by DPNR-CZM 
DPNR reserves and this Agreement is without prejudice to, all rights against Respondent 
with respect to all matters not expressly included within the Covenants Not To Sue in Paragraph 
(6). Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, DPNR reserves all rights against 
Respondent and this Agreement is without prejudice to all rights against Respondent with respect 
to: 
a. 
Liability for failure of Respondent to meet a requirement of this 
agreement. 
b. 
Liability for future violations (occurring after the date of the violations 
listed in NOVA-0 I-12-STT referenced herein) and, 
c. 
Liability for damages or injury to, destruction, or loss of natural resources, 
and for costs of any natural resource damage assessments. 
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to be nor shall it be construed as a release, 
covenant not to sue, or compromise of any claim or cause of action, administrative or judicial, 
civil or criminal, past or future, in law or in equity, which the Government of the Virgin Islands 
may have against any person, firm, corporation or other entity not a signatory to this Agreement, 
and not otherwise referred to herein as a Releasee. This Settlement Agreement does not limit or 
affect the rights of Respondents or the Government of the Virgin Islands against any third parties 
not named herein, nor the rights of third parties not parties to this Agreement against any other 
parties. 
8. Modification 
This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and shall not be modified by 
any prior oral or written agreement, representation or understanding. 
Prior drafts of the 
EFTA00591229
--- PAGE 6 ---
Settlement Agreement 
DPNR and NAUTILUS, INC. 
Page 6 
Agreement shall not be used in any action involving the interpretation or enforcement of the 
Agreement. All modifications to this Agreement shall be in writing and signed by the Parties. 
9. Jurisdiction 
This Agreement shall be construed and its performance enforced under laws of the U.S. 
Virgin Islands. 
10. Representations 
Each person executing this Agreement represents that the party on whose behalf the 
person is executing this Agreement has duly authorized the execution of this Agreement and that 
such person is authorized to execute the Agreement on his or her behalf. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto are authorized and have executed this 
Agreement on the day and year below. 
NAUTILUS, INC. 
July  347 
 , 2012 
Its: F fes i 
DEP 
MENT OF PLANNING AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
ERRE L. ORIOL, DIRECTOR 
N OF COASTAL ZONE MANAGEMENT 
, 2012 
 2012 
ALICIA BARNES 
OMMISSIONER 
DEPARTMENT F PLANNING AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
EFTA00591230

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591231.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591231.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 23631542 E-Filed 02/11/2015 11:59:04 AM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: CACE 15-000072 
EDWARDS, et at, 
Plaintiffs, 
v. 
DERSHOWITZ. 
Defendant. 
DEFENDANT / COUNTERCLAIM PLAINTIFF ALAN DERSHOWITZ'S 
FIRST SET OF DOCUMENT REQUESTS TO 
PLAINTIFF / COUNTERCLAIM DEFENDANT BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Defendant / Counterclaim Plaintiff Alan Dershowitz ("Dershowitz") requests that 
Plaintiff / Counterclaim Defendant Bradley J. Edwards ("Edwards"), pursuant to Fla.R.Civ.P. 
1.350, produce for inspection and/or copying, at the offices of undersigned counsel, the 
documents and things listed on Schedule "A" below. 
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS 
1. 
The following requests are intended to cover all documents in the possession of Edwards, 
to whom these requests are directed, or all documents subject to his custody or control, 
wherever they may be located. 
2. 
Each production request is to be responded to separately and as thoroughly as possible. 
The fact that investigation is continuing or that discovery is not complete shall not be 
used as an excuse for failure to respond to each request as fully as possible. The 
omission of any document, thing or item of information shall be deemed a representation 
that such document is not known to Edwards, his counsel, or other representatives at the 
time of the service of the response. 
3. 
If the attorney/client privilege or a work product protection is asserted in response to any 
production request, identify the document by its: 
(a) 
date; 
EFTA00591231
--- PAGE 2 ---
(b) 
general nature, e.g., letter, memorandum, photograph, computer printout, etc.; 
(c) 
subject matter; 
(d) 
author or originator; 
(e) 
each person indicated as an addressee or copy recipient, or known or believed by 
you to have received a copy of the document; 
(ft 
present custodian of each copy of the document; 
(g) 
alleged ground or grounds for withholding production; and 
(h) 
sufficient particulars to allow Dershowitz to evaluate the claim of privilege or 
immunity asserted. 
DEFINITIONS 
As used in these Requests for Production, the following definitions shall apply: 
I. 
"All" and "Each" mean all, each, any, and every. 
2. 
"Cassell" means Plaintiff / Counterclaim Defendant Paul G. Cassell. 
3. 
"Complaint" means the complaint filed by Edwards and Cassell in this action. 
4. 
"Concerning" and "Concern" mean relates to, refers to, contains, describes, embodies, 
mentions, constitutes, constituting, supports, corroborates, demonstrates, proves, 
evidences, shows, refutes, disputes, rebuts, controverts, and contradicts. 
5. 
"Dershowitz" means Alan M. Dershowitz. 
6. 
"Document(s)" means any and All written, typed, printed, recorded or graphic matter, 
however produced, reproduced or stored, whether an original or a copy, and whether 
prepared, published or released by any person or entity, including but not limited to 
letters, reports, agreements, correspondence, intra-office or inter-office correspondence, 
telegrams, minutes or records of meetings, reports or summaries, expressions or 
statements, lists, drafts and revisions, invoices, receipts, original and preliminary notes, 
sketches, records, ledgers, contracts, bills of lading, bills, inventories, financial data, 
maps, memoranda, accounting and financial records, diaries, journals, calendars, 
statements, work papers, videotapes, photographs, pamphlets, brochures, advertisements, 
trade letters, press releases, drawings, recaps, tables, articles, summaries of 
conversations, computer cards, tapes, diskettes, or other means of electronically or 
magnetically maintaining information, and printouts. 
The term "Document(s)" also includes electronically stored data from which information 
can be obtained either directly or by translation through detection devices or readers; any 
such document is to be produced in a reasonably legible and usable form. The term 
EFTA00591232
--- PAGE 3 ---
"Document(s)" includes All drafts of a Document and All copies that differ in any respect 
from the original, including any notation, underlining, marking, or information not on the 
original. The term also includes information stored in, or accessible through, computer or 
other information retrieval systems (including any computer archives or back-up 
systems), together with instructions and All other materials necessary to use or interpret 
such data compilations. 
Without limitation on the term "control" as used in the preceding paragraph, a Document 
is deemed to be in Your control if You have the right to secure the Document or a copy 
thereof from another person. 
7. 
"Edwards," "You" and "Your" means Bradley J. Edwards. 
8. 
"Epstein" means Jeffrey Epstein. 
9. 
"Federal Action" means the matter styled Jane Doe #1, et al. v. United States of America, 
Case No. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON (S.D. Fla.). 
10. 
"Jane Doe # 3" means the individual referred to as "Jane Doe #3" in the Federal Action. 
II. 
"Joinder Motion" means the "Jane Doe #3 And Jane Doe #4's Motion Pursuant To Rule 
For Joinder In Action" filed in the Federal Action. 
12. 
"NPA" means the non-prosecution agreement between Epstein and the United States 
Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida. 
13. 
"Plaintiffs" means Plaintiff / Counterclaim Defendant Bradley J. Edwards and Plaintiff / 
Counterclaim Defendant Paul G. Cassell. 
14. 
"2015 Jane Doe #3 Declaration" means the Declaration of Jane Doe #3 filed in the 
Federal Action on January 21, 2015 as Docket Entry #291-1. 
EFTA00591233
--- PAGE 4 ---
SCHEDULE "A" 
DOCUMENT REQUESTS 
1. 
All Documents Concerning the alleged "character assassination" referenced in paragraph 
of the Complaint. 
2. 
All Documents Concerning Dershowitz's alleged "participation in Epstein's criminal 
conduct" referenced in paragraph 16 of the Complaint. 
3. 
All Documents Concerning Dershowitz's alleged knowledge that the filing referenced in 
paragraph 17 of the Complaint was "an entirely proper and well-founded pleading." 
4. 
All Documents Concerning the alleged "massive public media assault" referenced in 
paragraph 17 of the Complaint. 
5. 
All Documents Concerning the "multiple national televised interviews," "statements to 
and repeated by national and international print news sources" and "various other forms 
nationally and internationally" alleged in paragraph 19 of the Complaint. 
6. 
All Documents Concerning the allegation in paragraph 20 of the Complaint that 
Dershowitz's "statements were false and known by him to be false at the time they were made." 
7. 
All Documents Concerning the allegation in paragraph 21 of the Complaint that 
Dershowitz falsely protested his own innocence. 
8. 
All Documents Concerning Dershowitz's alleged "involvement in Epstein's criminal 
conduct" as alleged in paragraph 21 of the Complaint. 
9. 
All Documents that reference Dershowitz by name that Concern the allegations set forth 
in Paragraphs 24-31 of the 2015 Jane Doe #3 Declaration. 
10. 
All Documents Concerning drafts of any declaration or affidavit of Jane Doe #3. 
II. 
All photographs and video in the original, native format in which they were taken (not a 
paper copy) of Jane Doe #3 with Dershowitz. 
12. 
All photographs and video in the original, native format in which they were taken (not a 
paper copy) not produced in response to any prior Request, of Dershowitz at (i) Epstein's 
Manhattan home in New York City, New York; (ii) Epstein's home in Palm Beach, Florida; 
(iii) Epstein's Zorro Ranch in Santa Fe, New Mexico; (iv) Little Saint James island in the U.S. 
Virgin Islands; and (v) Epstein's airplane, on the same date and time that Jane Doe #3 also was 
present at such location. 
EFTA00591234
--- PAGE 5 ---
13. 
All photographs and video in the original, native format in which they were taken (not a 
paper copy) not produced in response to any prior Request that evidence and/or show Jane Doe 
#3 was present at the same location as Dershowitz on that same date and time. 
14. 
All Documents Concerning Jane Doe #3's presence at the various locations named in 
Paragraphs 24-31 of the 2015 Jane Doe #3 Declaration on the particular dates and times when 
Dershowitz was also present. 
15. 
All Documents Concerning whether Dershowitz was present at the various locations 
named in Paragraphs 24-31 of the 2015 Jane Doe #3 Declaration on the particular dates and 
times when Jane Doe #3 alleges to have been present. 
16. 
All statements, written or recorded, that Plaintiffs or Jane Doe #3 have provided to 
anyone that reference Dershowitz by name. 
17. 
All notes, writings, photographs, and/or audio or video recordings made or recorded by or 
of Jane Doe #3 on the dates on which Jane Doe #3 allegedly was present with Dershowitz, 
including but not limited to any diary, journal, or calendar entries on those dates, regardless 
whether the notes, writings, photographs, and/or audio or video recordings refer to Dershowitz. 
To the extent that any responsive materials are photographs or video recordings, please provide 
them in the original, native format in which they were taken (not a paper copy). 
18. 
All notes of, or notes prepared for, any statements or interviews in which Plaintiffs or 
Jane Doe #3 referenced Dershowitz by name or other description. 
19. 
All Documents Concerning communications between You or anyone acting on Your 
behalf and anyone from, or acting on behalf of, any media outlet Concerning Dershowitz or this 
action, whether or not such communications were "on the record" or "off the record." 
20. 
All Documents Concerning 
or Dershowitz, or Jane Doe #3. 
21. 
All Documents Concerning 
Epstein. 
22. 
All Documents Concerning 
own benefit. 
23. 
All Documents Concerning 
to influence the terms of the NPA. 
any press release Concerning this action, the Joinder Motion, 
any assertion that Dershowitz was a "co-conspirator" with 
any assertion that Dershowitz negotiated the NPA for his 
any actions allegedly taken by Prince Andrew, Duke of York, 
24. 
All Documents Concerning any request for the deposition of Dershowitz. 
25. 
All Documents Concerning any investigation of Dershowitz. 
26. 
All notes of any investigation of Jane Doe #3's allegations against Dershowitz. 
EFTA00591235
--- PAGE 6 ---
27. 
All telephone records, including but not limited to records for any cell phone, for any 
telephone used by Jane Doe #3 between January 1, 1999 and December 31, 2002. 
28. 
All Documents Concerning Jane Doe #3's diary or journal. 
29. 
All Documents Concerning any actual or potential book, television, movie or other media 
deals Concerning Jane Doe #3's allegations about being a sex slave. 
30. 
All Documents Concerning Your retainer agreement with Jane Doe #3. 
31. 
All Documents Concerning any investigation of Jane Doe #3. 
32. 
All Documents identified in Your responses to Dershowitz's First Set of Interrogatories 
to You in this action. 
33. 
All Documents Concerning Your claim for damages in this action. 
34. 
All Documents referred to or relied upon by Plaintiffs to prepare "Jane Doe #3 and Jane 
Doe #4's Motion Pursuant to Rule 21 for Joinder in Action," which was filed in the Federal 
Action as Docket Entry #279. 
35. 
All Documents referred to or relied upon by Plaintiffs to prepare the Complaint in this 
action. 
EFTA00591236
--- PAGE 7 ---
Dated: February 11, 2015 
Of Counsel: 
Richard A. Simpson 
Mary E. Boria 
WILEY REIN LLP 
1776 K Street NW 
Washington, DC 20006 
Phone: (202) 719.7000 
Fax: (202) 719-7049 
Kenneth A. Sweder 
SWEDER & ROSS, LLP 
131 Oliver Street 
Boston, MA 02110 
Phone: (617) 646-4466 
Fax: (617) 646-4470 
Respectfully submitted, 
a Thomas E. Scott 
Thomas E. Scott 
Florida Bar No. 149100 
Steven It Safra 
Florida Bar No. 057028 
COLE, SCOTT & K1SSANE, 
Dadeland Centre II, 14th Floor 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33156 
Phone: (305) 350.5300 
Fax: (305) 373-2294 
Counsel for Alan M. Dershowitz 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-
mail on February 11, 2015 to: Jack Scarola, Esquire, Searcy Denny et al 
and 
Burlington, ■., 
counsel for Plaintiff and to Kendall B. Coffey, Esquire, Coffey 
and 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, 
Attorneys for Defendant 
9150 S. Dadeland Blvd. 
Suite 1400 
Miami. Florida 33156 
Phone: (305) 350-5300 
Fax: (305) 373-2294 
By: 
s/ Thomas E. Scott 
THOMAS E. SCOTT 
FBN: 149100 
STEVEN R. SAFRA 
FBN: 057028 
EFTA00591237

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591238.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591238.pdf
----------------------------------------
STATE OF AFFAIRS MONGOLIA 
1. Let me update you on what has been happening in the last week, which has affected me and 
others, including those we have worked with. 
2. The backdrop to these events, revolve around both Tavan Tolgoi coking coal mine ("Tr) and the 
railway initiatives (East Line and South Line): 
a. The Memorandum of Cooperation ("MOC") between the Government of Mongolia and 
The Government of Japan executed by both Parties on October 201" 2015 in the 
presence of and during the visit of Prime Minister Abe to Mongolia. The MOC relates to 
Railways and a TT coal marketing company ("Japan MOC"); 
b. The submission of a legal opinion (1'T Legal Opinion"), prepared by a Mongolian 
Parliament appointed Working Group ("Working Group") on the proposed TT agreements 
that include Co-operation Agreement, Investment 
Agreement, 
Agreement for 
Construction—Ownership— Operation-Transfer of Railway Base Structure for the Route 
Ukhaa Khudag (UH) — Gashuun Sukhait (-Proposed Agreements"), which is proposed by 
Energy Resources LLC (Mongolia), a wholly owned subsidiary of Mongolia Mining Corp -
ticker code 975:HK, and Shenhua Group (China); 
c. The TT Legal Opinion condemns the proposed above noted Proposed Agreements and 
noting, legal and commercial anomalies, ambiguities and contradictions with current 
Mongolian laws and regulations. The Proposed Agreements do not bring best value to 
Mongolia. The TT Legal Opinion effectively challenges the members of the leadership 
supportive of the Proposed Agreements and others, who are pressuring to have the 
above noted Proposed Agreements to be executed without modification in the proposed 
form, thus questioning their motive, integrity and probity; 
d. The TT Legal Opinion was formally submitted to the Speaker of the Parliament of 
Mongolia by the Members of Parliament Ms. Erdenechimeg Luvsan, the head of the 
Working Group, and Mr. Battulga Khaltmaa on November 2, 2015. 40 Members of 
Parliament, which constitute 52% of the Parliamentary Members, signed and endorsed 
the TT Legal Opinion. 
3. Members of the leadership supportive of the Proposed Agreements and their supporters are 
currently using all necessary means to have the Parliament approve the Proposed Agreements 
without further amendment inspite of the noted TT Legal Opinion. These Proposed Agreements 
are simply not in anyway in Mongolia's best interest as concluded by the TT Legal Opinion. 
4. The Japan MOC offers a balanced and practical way, in which to deliver best value in the 
construction of the Ukhaa Khudag (UH) - Sainshand ("East Line") and Ukhaa Khudag (UH) -
Gashuun Sukhait ("South Line") railways, the establishment of a coal washing plant in Sainshand 
("Wash Plant") and the establishment of a coal Marketing Company, in which Mongolia would 
have a prominence to ensure that TT coal is always sold at best value for Mongolia in function to 
market. The Japan MOC provides best value to Mongolia and a challenge to the commercial 
basis to the Proposed Agreements. 
5. The Japan MOC and the TT Legal Opinion endorsed by 52% of the Parliament (76 members) 
have challenged and to a degree compromised Leadership and their supporters. This has caused 
the members of leadership supportive of the Proposed Agreements to attempt a spurious and 
pernicious defense of their position, by seeking to discredit those involved in both the Japan MOC 
and the TT Legal Opinion. 
EFTA00591238
--- PAGE 2 ---
6. The Parliamentary dissatisfaction with the Prime Minister of Mongolia ("PM"). often described as 
a "China Crony", is further exemplified by the current commencement of an impeachment 
proceeding against the PM. 
7. Against this backdrop the PM has instructed the Economic Crime Division of the General Police 
Department ("Police") to arrest people he deemed to be either a threat or a potential pressure 
point on which to coerce others to support the execution of the Proposed Agreements. The Chief 
of Police is a crony of the PM. 
8. The allegations, on which the Police actions are based, are in themselves simply ridiculous — the 
Police cite government contracts and payments awarded and made to purportedly "false 
companies". These purported 'false companies" are global Multi-National Companies McKinsey 
and Samsung, both of whom have confirmed and evidenced their contractual award, works and 
payments. 
9. On the command and direction of members of the leadership supportive of the Proposed 
Agreements, in particular the PM, several people have been arrested since last Friday, 30 
October 2015 on the basis of these ridiculous allegations, i.e. that they were involved in placing 
contracts with and paying the purported lalse companies". The arrests include the former State 
Secretary of the Ministry of Roads and Transportation ("MRT"), a middle management employee 
of Mongolian Railway State Owned Company ("MTZ"), Mongolian and Korean employees of 
Samsung, further they sought to arrest former Minister of Roads and Transportation Mr. Gansukh 
Amarjargal and me. 
10. As you know, I was integral in working on the Japan MOC and have a strong knowledge of 
matters pertaining to TT and railways. On the command and direction of the members of 
leadership supportive of the Proposed Agreements, in particular the PM, the Police raided my 
home and my office removing all media (documents, computers). I was overseas when this 
occurred and I am still traveling. 
11. The members of the leadership supportive of the Proposed Agreements attack is focused on 
discrediting those who have sought to represent the best interest of Mongolia. As they cannot act 
against Members of Parliament, particularly The Speaker, Mr. Battulga Khaltmaa and Ms. 
Erdenechimeg Luvsan because of their Parliamentary immunity, the members of the leadership 
supportive of the Proposed Agreements have sought and chosen to attack those close to the 
Speaker, Mr. BattuIga Khaltmaa, Ms. Erdenechimeg Luvsan, dissenting MP's to attempt to force 
them to support the execution of the Proposed Agreements, which they shall not do. 
12. In summary, the events are caused by desperate politics directed by the members of the 
leadership supportive of the Proposed Agreement, particular the PM, who are now being actively 
challenged through proper Parliamentary process and shall be brought to account not only for 
matters pertaining to the Japan MOC and the TT Legal Opinion, but also for abuse of State 
Instruments to coerce, pervert and influence proper process, which cannot be tolerated in a true 
Democracy. 
EFTA00591239

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591240.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591240.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kevin F. D'Amour, P.C. 
Attorneys at Law 
P.O. Box 10829 
St. Thomas, VI 00801 
fax 
November 6, 2015 
Chris Kroblin 
Kellerhals Ferguson Kroblin PLLC 
9100 Port of Sale Mall, Suite 15 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Re: Draft Purchase and Sale Agreement for GSJ 
Dear Chris: 
I am in receipt of your letter dated November 5, 2015. Your client has failed to produce 
the required NDA or proof of funds. With other parties interested in the property, further 
discussions with you client shall cease until these two preliminary requirements are satisfied. 
Additionally, we cannot confirm that Erika has a current broker's license in the Virgin Islands. 
Kindly send us a copy of her current broker's license. 
As for your faulty assertions, there is no agreement between the parties. Further, I am 
unaware of any "standard" practice or terms of a purchase and sale agreement. Net pricing was 
discussed with your client. All terms am subject to negotiation until a final agreement is reached 
and executed by the parties. And since you have no agreement, obviously there is no meeting of 
the minds. Please be reminded that Newland Real Estate has no authority bind our clients. 
Finally, the statute of frauds requires that contracts of the sale of real estate be in writing. 
VI Code Title 28, Sections 241 and 242. You assert in your letter that Erika and April entered 
into a contract to purchase the island, please provide copies of any and all documentation that 
you believe constitutes an agreement for the purchase of the island. We are unaware of any such 
agreement. 
Sincerely, 
Kevin F. D'Amour 
Cc: Maria Hodge 
April Newland 
I Washistpoo Croaks& 
Road. Side 
Penological. Ni 08534 
EFTA00591240

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591241.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591241.pdf
----------------------------------------
Philip R West 
1330 Connecticut Avenue, NW 
Washington, DC 20036-1795 
July I, 2014 
VA EMAIL 
Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71st Street 
New York, NY 
Dear Jeffrey: 
Steptoe 
STIPTOt • JOHNSON LLP 
This letter and the attached General Terms and Conditions of Engagement set forth the 
basis for the engagement of Steptoe & Johnson LLP ("Steptoe") by you to provide advice 
regarding the U.S. legal consequences of a possible Swiss bank restructuring. We look 
forward to working with you on this representation. 
The terms and conditions that govern this engagement and the services we will 
provide are described in detail on the attachment to this letter. You should review these 
materials and let me know immediately if you have any questions. After reviewing them, 
please countersign this letter and return a countersigned original to me by email. 
I want to draw your attention in particular to several important terms and conditions 
for our engagement. A number of these points are explained at greater length in the 
attachment, which is an integral part of this letter. However, we will consider this letter and 
the terms and conditions in effect from this date forward unless you specifically advise us to 
the contrary. 
First, this engagement establishes an attorney-client relationship solely with you and 
not with any other affiliated or associated entity, and not with any specific bank or any 
affiliated or associated entities of any specific bank. 
Second, the scope of our engagement is limited to the specific matter described above; 
while we would be pleased to discuss potential engagements on other matters, any new or 
extended engagement will require our mutual agreement in writing. 
EFTA00591241
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
July 1, 2014 
Page 2 of 6 
Steptoe 
lICPTOt 6 JOHNSON 
Third, we charge hourly rates for services rendered and require reimbursement for 
costs. My billing rate is $1,295 per hour or part thereof (i.e., I bill in one-hour increments, 
although I do not generally bill time to a client for a given day if my services for that client 
during that day consist of only a brief phone call, consultation, or the like). The rate for Reid 
Weingarten is $1,190 per hour. The rate for Frances Homer, whom I expect to be involved in 
this work, is $860 per hour. If others are involved in the matter, their standard hourly rate will 
be charged. 
We charge for time devoted to client affairs, including time spent traveling on client 
business and including time spent in connection with inquiries or investigations arising out of 
or relating to our engagement, whether by a Congressional committee or otherwise, and you 
hereby agree to pay for such time, and for all expenses, including professional fees, incurred 
by us in connection therewith. Our hourly rates are reviewed annually, typically in January, 
and may be revised based on that review. 
Fourth, the attorney-client relationship created by this engagement is terminated when 
our services are completed, and in any event 30 days after the date of our final statement. 
Fifth, as detailed in the Conflicts and Waiver paragraph of the attachment, we require 
a forward-looking waiver permitting Steptoe to represent current or future clients in matters 
adverse to you on matters that are not substantially related to the subject of this 
representation. As you know, we are representing a number of Swiss banks in various matters 
relating to the Department of Justice Program for Swiss Banks announced August 29, 2013. 
By your signature on this letter, you are confirming that you waive any conflict of interest 
arising from these representations and will not seek to disqualify Steptoe from any of them by 
reason of our representation of you in this matter. 
Finally, this letter and the attachment set forth the agreed specific terms of our 
engagement, which supersede and survive any inconsistent items in "outside counsel 
guidelines" or provisions required to use any electronic billing system; these terms can be 
modified only by written agreement between the individual signatories below expressly 
stating that this specific engagement letter is being changed. 
EFTA00591242
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
July I, 2014 
Page 3 of 6 
Please sign and return a copy of this letter to me as explained above. 
We very much look forward to working with you. 
incerel 
Philip R. 
Attachment 
AGREED AND ACCEPTED 
Signature 
Please print name 
Title 
Date: 
Steptoe 
$$$$$ Oil \ JO OOOOO lip 
EFTA00591243
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
July 1, 2014 
Page 4 of 6 
STEPTOE & JOHNSON I.LP 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF ENGAGEMENT 
AS OF FEBRUARY 15, 2013 
Steptoe 
OOOOO 04 I IONNSOOSPI 
1. 
Client: The client in this representation—and the only party with which Steptoe & 
Johnson I.LP ("Steptoe") is establishing an attorney-client relationship—is the specific entity 
identified in the first paragraph of the engagement letter to which this is attached (the "Client"). 
Steptoe has not been asked, and is not agreeing, to represent or establish an attorney-client 
relationship with any other entity, such as a parent, subsidiary, affiliate, member, owner or other 
affiliate or associate of the Client. 
2. 
Scope of Representation: The subject matter and scope of this representation is 
limited to the specific matter described in the first paragraph of the engagement letter to which 
this is attached. Any further work will require our mutual agreement reflected in writing. 
3. 
Term of Engagement: Either Steptoe or the Client may terminate this engagement 
at any time for any reason, subject on Steptoe's part only to the applicable Rules of Professional 
Conduct. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate work on behalf of a client that does not 
pay our statements within 30 days after they are rendered. It is understood that in the event of any 
termination or withdrawal initiated by the Client, Steptoe will be entitled to receive any unpaid 
fees and expenses through the date of withdrawal on the basis set forth above. In the event of a 
termination or withdrawal initiated by Steptoe, Steptoe will provide at its cost reasonable services 
to transition the engagement to subsequent counsel engaged by the Client. The attorney-client 
relationship created by this letter is terminated when the services sought by the client have been 
completed, and shall in any event be terminated 30 days after Steptoe has rendered a final 
statement for its services, which date shall not be extended because of subsequent statements sent 
with respect to unpaid balances or because of activities associated with the collection of unpaid 
balances. 
4. 
Fees: Steptoe will charge hourly rates for services rendered. Hourly rates are 
reviewed annually, typically in January, and may be revised based on that review but, at your 
request, as an accommodation, we will maintain our 2013 rates on this matter through 2014. 
If rates are adjusted, the new rates will be reflected in the first billing statement we provide after 
the date of the change. 
5. 
Expenses: Steptoe will charge the Client for various services and expenses, such 
as duplication, travel and the like. Expenses for services that are furnished using Steptoe 
resources (or for contractors that use Steptoe office space, equipment, services or facilities) are 
billed at a rate that covers direct costs plus an allocation of indirect costs that we believe to be 
fairly related to the service involved. Steptoe will charge the prices itemized on the vendor's 
current year rate schedule for computer databases used for legal or factual research (e.g., those 
issued by LexisNexis and Westlaw); Steptoe does not pass on any vendor charges for printing 
from these databases. Where services are provided entirely by an outside vendor for a specified 
amount (e.g., consultants' fees, graphics, court reporters, filing fees) and do not involve the use of 
firm facilities or other resources, we charge clients only the amount charged by the outside 
vendor, without any markup. Unless special arrangements are made at the outset, any significant 
EFTA00591244
--- PAGE 5 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
July 1, 2014 
Page 5 of 6 
fees and expenses of others supplying services in connection with this representation (such as 
experts, expert witnesses, investigators, consultants and court reporters) will be billed to the Client 
for payment directly to the billing entity, and Steptoe will have no responsibility for paying those 
fees or expenses. 
6. 
Taxes: Some jurisdictions impose charges denominated as sales, use, excise, 
business, value added or other taxes, tariffs or duties on amounts billed to clients. The amount of 
any such charges (excluding taxes based on Steptoe's net income or on the wages, salaries or 
benefits paid to its personnel) will be included in our statements and will be the Client's 
responsibility. Our fees are net of any withholding or similar tax imposed by the jurisdiction in 
which the Client resides. If any amount is withheld for such taxes in such jurisdiction, then the 
Client must gross up the amount to be paid to Steptoe so that the net amount paid to Steptoe is the 
amount of our bill. 
7. 
Billing: Steptoe will send statements to the Client on a monthly basis covering 
fees and expenses for the prior month. We expect the Client to pay our statements promptly and 
in any event within 30 days after they are received. 
8. 
Retainer: If a retainer is required, it will be applied against fees and charges 
during the representation, with any amount not applied to such fees and charges to be refunded at 
the completion of the representation. Applicable bar rules provide that fees and expenses paid in 
advance of the performance of legal services are to be treated as the property of the client and 
must be deposited into a client trust account unless the attorney and client agree otherwise. By 
signing this engagement letter, the Client acknowledges the receipt of the foregoing information 
and agrees that any advance payment of legal fees and expenses related to this representation shall 
be treated as the property of Steptoe upon receipt. The Client also agrees that any such advance 
payment of legal fees or expenses shall be deposited in Steptoe's general operating account to be 
drawn upon as legal services are performed and expenses incurred. Steptoe will refund any 
portion of the advance payment that exceeds the total of Steptoe's legal fees and expenses 
incurred in the representation upon the termination of the representation. 
Conflicts and Waiver: Steptoe represents companies and individuals throughout the 
United States and internationally, who may have matters in conflict with the Client or one or more 
of its affiliates. We are undertaking to represent the Client in connection with this matter on the 
basis that this representation or any future representations that are initiated without a new or 
amended engagement letter will not be deemed to preclude Steptoe from representing other 
clients, including, but not limited to, any current or future Steptoe clients in matters adverse to the 
Client or any related entities, including representations in negotiations, regulatory matters, 
litigation, the providing of advice or opinions, ADR proceedings of various kinds or other matters, 
provided that such matters are not substantially related to the subject of this representation. By 
retaining Steptoe for this representation, the Client agrees that it waives any such conflict and will 
not seek to have Steptoe disqualified as counsel to another client in the event of such adverse 
matters. 
9. 
Confidentiality: Our ethical obligations as lawyers impose stringent rules about 
protecting the confidentiality of client information, including not only privileged material but 
other material we obtain during our representation of the Client that is of a confidential nature or 
that the Client would not want to see disclosed other than with its approval. The conflicts waiver 
discussed above in no way relieves us of our obligation to protect such information. 
EFTA00591245
--- PAGE 6 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
July 1, 2014 
Page 6 of 6 
10. 
Our Own Use of Counsel: The Client agrees that Steptoe may seek legal advice 
from internal or external counsel concerning this representation, waives any claim of conflict 
based on those consultations or related communications, even if adverse to the Client's interests, 
and acknowledges that such communications are protected by Steptoe's own attorney-client 
privilege from disclosure to the Client. 
I I. 
Retention of Records: We will keep the essential records relating to our work for 
the Client for five (5) years after we complete our engagement. If the Client wishes to have such 
materials retained for a longer time, we can make arrangements to store them for limited periods 
at the Client's expense and will be glad to furnish information on the cost of doing so. Portions of 
our records are viewed as client records and the Client may ask at any time to receive copies of 
these records, which will be made at the Client's expense. If there are large volumes of such 
materials, we may contract to have the copies made by a contractor retained by us under contract 
conditions that impose obligations on the contractor personnel to recognize and honor the 
confidential nature of the materials. In referring to records, we include electronic and "hard copy" 
records. 
12. 
Electronic Communications: Notwithstanding our efforts, modem modes of 
business communication, including email, mobile telephones and telecopiers, cannot be secured 
completely to prevent unauthorized access, and therefore involve some risk of disclosure and 
potential loss of attorney-client privilege. Unless the Client specifically objects to use of those 
modes of communication, it agrees to accept those risks. 
13. 
Definitive Agreement: These Terms and Conditions, together with the 
engagement letter to which they are attached, set forth the agreed specific terms of our 
engagement. Those agreed specific terms supersede and survive any inconsistent items that may 
be contained in in "outside counsel guidelines" sent to us by the Client or generic provisions that 
we are required to "accept" in order to use any electronic billing system for the Client. These 
terms can be modified only by a written agreement between the individual signatories to the 
attached engagement letter expressly stating that terms of this specific engagement letter are being 
changed. 
14. 
Counterparts: This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts or 
by facsimile/PDF signature (or both), each of which will be deemed to be an original, but all of 
which will constitute one and the same agreement. 
IS. 
Choice of Law/Jurisdiction: This Agreement shall be governed by, construed in 
accordance with, and enforced pursuant to the laws of the District of Columbia without regard to 
principles of conflict of laws. The Parties hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the District of 
Columbia, in connection with any suit, action, or other legal proceeding arising out of this 
Agreement. 
EFTA00591246

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591247.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591247.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:16-cv-03989-RJS Document 11 Filed 06/09/16 Page 1 of 1 
AFFIRMATION OF SERVICE 
Alan P. Fraade, an attorney duly admitted to practice under the laws of the State of New 
York, hereby affirms the truth of the following under the penalty of perjury: 
On June 2, 2016,1 caused to be served the within Summons and Complaint 
[x] Service By Mail by depositing a true copy thereof enclosed in a post-paid wrapper, certified 
mail, in an official depository under the exclusive care and custody of the U.S. Postal Service 
within New York State, addressed to the following person at the last known address: 
Office of the Lieutenant Governor 
No. 5049 Kongens Gade, 
Charlotte Amalie, 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
[ ] Service By Electronic Means by transmitting the papers by electronic means to the telephone 
number listed below, which number was designated by the attorney for such purpose. I received 
a signal from the equipment of the attorney served indicating that the transmission was received. 
I also deposited a true copy of the papers, enclosed in a post-paid wrapper, in an official 
depository under the exclusive care and custody of the U.S. Postal Service, addressed to the 
attorney at the address set forth after the name: 
[x] Service By Delivery Service by depositing a true copy thereof, enclosed in a wrapper 
addressed as shown below, into the custody of the delivery service of Federal Express for 
overnight delivery, prior to the latest time designated by that service for overnight delivery to the 
following persons at the last known address set forth after each name: 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
East 71st Street, 
New York, New York 10021 
The Financial Trust Company 
East 71st Street, 
New York, New York 10021 
Attn: Jeffrey E. Epstein, CEO and President 
Dated: New York, New York 
June 2, 2016 
Alan P. Fraade 
EFTA00591247

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591248.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591248.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 !NC 08-03-69 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas Cam Collect 
Agent ID: J4 
ITINERARY 
Generated: June 30.2014 01:22 PM 
Page 1 of 2 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing 
authorization is received. Please contact your travel office by 11:00 PM on July 01,or this entire reservation 
will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details: 
Saturday July 12, 2014 
CITIZENS OF POLAND MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
CITIZENS OF POLAND- PASSPORTS MUST BE VALID FOR AT LEAST 6 MONTHS BEYOND THE RETURN TRAVEL DATE 
THE BAGGAGE FEESjRULES OF DELTA AIR LINES INC/DELTA AIR LINES INC. APPLY TO THIS ITINERARY AND MAY BE ACCESSED BY 
VISITING WWWAEAIRWEB.COWMYTRAVELARRANGEMENTS/AIRLINEBAGGAGEPOLICIES.JSP 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
DELTA AIR LINES 
Airline Record Locator 
HZ9KP3 
Flight: 
6141 
Equipment 
Embraer RJ135.1145 
OPERATED BY CHAUTAUQUA DBA DELTA CONNECTION 
Departure: 
3:41 pm 
Montreal Trudeau . CANADA 
Estimated Time: 
HR 46 MIN 
Arrival: 
5:27 pm 
New York JFK. NY 
Distance: 
333 Mies 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
Arrival Termnal: 
TERMINAL 2 
Seat 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Coach 
Additional Information: 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
-------------------
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00591248
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 2 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures cr advertisements desalt:4,g any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the teams and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. iicluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your hip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public Internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or. a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
California CSTa1022318.10. Rhode Island ML#1192. Washington UBIII600.469894, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00591249

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591250.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591250.pdf
----------------------------------------
I i 
I 
EFTA00591250
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00591251
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00591252

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591253.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591253.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:16-cv-00214 Document 6 Filed 01/12/16 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
GAGOSIAN GALLERY, INC., 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
PELHAM EUROPE, LTD., 
Defendant. 
No. 16 CV 214 
DECLARATION IN SUPPORT OF COMPLAINT 
MATTHEW S. DONTZIN, pursuant to Title 28, United States Code, Section 1746, 
declares under penalty of perjury: 
I. 
I am an attorney licensed to practice law in the State of New York and admitted to 
practice before this Court. I am a partner in the law firm of Dontzin Nagy & Fleissig LLP, 
counsel for Plaintiff Gagosian Gallery, Inc. This declaration is based upon my personal 
knowledge and my review of documents obtained in the course of my investigation of my 
client's claims. 
2. 
Today I filed the complaint in the matter captioned above (the "Complaint"). 
Attached to this Declaration are the Exhibits to that Complaint. 
3. 
Attached as Exhibit A is a true and correct copy of the invoice memorializing the 
sale of Buste de Femme (Marie Thirese) (Bust of a Woman (Marie Th€rese)), Boisgeloup, 1931 
to the Gagosian Gallery, Inc., along with the certified English translation. 
4. 
Attached as Exhibit B is a true and correct copy of a letter dated October 19, 2015 
and sent by Erik Haas of Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler LLP to Mr. Larry Gagosian of 
Gagosian Gallery, Inc. 
EFTA00591253
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:16-cv-00214 Document 6 Filed 01/12/16 Page 2 of 2 
5. 
Attached as Exhibit C is a true and correct copy of a Sale Agreement dated 
November 13, 2014 between Connery Pissarro Seydoux SA and Pelham Europe, Ltd. 
I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United States of America that the 
foregoing is true and correct. Executed on January 12, 2016. 
Matthew S. Do 
EFTA00591254

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591255.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591255.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 36771618 E-Filed 01/20/2016 01:47:22 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN 
AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: CACE 15-000072 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and PAUL G. 
CASSELL, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant(s). 
NOTICE OF CANCELLATION OF VIDEO DEPOSITION 
TO: 
All counsel on the attached Counsel List 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned attorneys cancel the video deposition of: 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
DATE AND TIME 
LOCATION 
Jeffrey Epstein 
January 21, 2016 
Cole, Scott & Kissane 
10:00 a.m. 
110 Tower, 110 S.E. 61h St. 
Suite 2700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
VIDEOGRAPHER: Above & Beyond Reprographics, Inc. 
EFTA00591255
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards, Bradley vs. Dershowitz 
Case No. CACE 15-000072 
Notice of Cancellation of Video Deposition 
Page 2 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this 
- -day of 
mary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: (561) 686-6300 
Fax: 
(561) 383-9451 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 
cc: 
Phipps Reporting, Inc. (court reporter) 
Above & Beyond Reprographics, Inc. (videographer) 
EFTA00591256
--- PAGE 3 ---
COUNSEL LIST 
Sigrid Stone McCawle , 
uire 
• 
. 
res chiller & Flexner, LLP 
401 E Las Olas Boulevard., Suite 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)-356-0011 
Thomas Emerson Scott, Jr., 
uire 
,
Cole Scott & Kissane 
9150 S Dadeland Boulevard, Suite 1400 
Miami, FL 33156 
Phone: (305)-350-5329 
Fax: (305)-373-2294 
Attorneys for Alan M. Dershowitz 
Bradle J. Edwards, Es 
Esquire 
•
armer a e 
eissmg 
wards Fistos & Lehrman, 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)-524-2820 
Fax: (954)-524-2822 
Kenneth A. Sweder, Esquire 
Sweder & Ross, LLP 
131 Oliver Street 
Boston, MA 02110 
Phone: (617)-646-4466 
Fax: (617)-646-4470 
Attorneys for Alan M. Dershowitz 
Ashl 
Eiler, Es uire 
Mary E. Bo 'a, Esquire 
Riclmrc A. 
n, Esquire 
Wiley Rein, LLP 
1776 K Street NW 
Washington, DC 20006 
EFTA00591257
--- PAGE 4 ---
Edwards, Bradley vs. Dershowitz 
Case No. CACE 15.000072 
Notice of Cancellation of Video Deposition 
Page 4 
Phone: (202)-7194252 
Fax: (202)-719-7049 
Attorneys for Alan M. Dershowitz 
Joni J. Jones, Esquire 
jonijones®utah.gov 
Assistant Utah Attorney General 
160 E300 S 
Salt Lake City, UT 84114 
Phone: (801)-366-0100 
Fax: (801)-366-0101 
Attorneys for Paul Cassell 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
; efiling@tonjahaddad.com 
Tonja Haddad, 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)-467-1223 
Fax: (954)-337-3716 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00591258

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591259.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591259.pdf
----------------------------------------
1/2012016 
17Th Flcourts 
Trirri Turfrirar 1Ctrairri 
Case Schedule Receipt: 
Sequence Number: 13 
Judge Name:I.ynch, Thomas M., IV 
Case Number: CACE15000072 
Schedule Date.02/04/2016 
Scheduling Attorney Name: Tonja, Haddad, Coleman 
Motion Title:Non-Party Jeffrey Epstein's Motion for a Stay Pending 
Review or for an Order of Protection 
Case Entry Date: Wed Jan 20 12.49:20 EST 2016 
Back 
Print 
http://apps.17th.ficourts.org/ccidpool/judgeMobcoCase.do 
1/1 
EFTA00591259

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591260.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591260.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
17TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN 
AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and, 
CASE NO.: 
15-000072 (05) 
PAUL G. CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs, 
v. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant. 
JUDGE: 
LYNCH 
NOTICE OF HEARING 
YOU ARE HEREBY notified that we shall call up for hearing before the 
Honorable Judge Thomas Lynch, Broward County, Florida, on, Tuesday, February 4, 
2015, at 8:45 AM or as soon thereafter as we may be heard, PLAINTIFF'S MOTION 
FOR STAY PENDING REVIEW OR FOR AN ORDER OF PROTECTION. 
/s/ Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
Ha. Bar No.: 0176737 
TONJA HADDAD, PA 
315 SE 7th Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
954.467.1223 
EFTA00591260
--- PAGE 2 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that this date was cleared with counsel for Plaintiffs 
a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been furnished by electronic service to Jack 
Scarola, Esquire, 
and 
, Kendall B. Coffey, 
Esquire, 
and 
Thomas 
Scott, 
Esquire, 
Steven 
Safra, 
Esquire, 
Richard A. Simpson, Esquire, 
Kenneth A. Sweder, Esquire, 
Mary Borja, Esquire, 
this January 20, 2016. 
/s/ Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
Ha. Bar No.: 0176737 
EFTA00591261

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591262.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591262.pdf
----------------------------------------
Construction Services LLC 
Epstein Residence 
358 El Brill° Way 
Palm Beach, Fl. 33408 
4165 Linden Ave. 
Palm Beach Gardens, Fl. 33410 
Cell # 
SEAWAIL REPAIR 
CGC15I447I 
August 9, 2015 
Labonte Construction Services proposes to do the following seawall repairs located at 358 El 
Brill° Way, Palm Beach. 
• 
Remove existing floating footer sheets. 
• 
Supply and install 150 If of new 5 ft long footer sheets at the base of existing sheets. 
• 
Drill and epoxy 1/2  inch lag bolts every 3fl along entire seawall. 
• 
Concrete fill gap between old and new footer sheets along entire seawall. 
Estimated cost: $29.800.00 
Pay schedule: 
30% due at contract signing. 
30% due at upon mobilization. 
30% due at placement of concrete. 
Remaining contract amount due at completion. 
Exclusions: 
1. All permit fees. 
2. All plans, engineering and pile log fees. 
3. Warranty or repairs to existing seawall, structure or cap. 
Pg. 1 
EFTA00591262
--- PAGE 2 ---
4. Repairs or replacement of existing concrete dock or travertine surfaces. 
5. Any required batter piles, Riprap or additional items required by Building Dept 
6. Seawall ladder if requested or required by code at an additional $400.00 
7. Any seawall backfilling at an additional $100.00 / C.Y. if required. 
8. Punching of rock for pile installation at $500.00 / Hr. and or composite piles at 
$350.00 if required. 
9. Standby time at $500.00 for all delays 
10. Dredging if required billed at $500.00 
11. LCS is not to be held liable for damage to landscape, irrigation, pool or pool patio 
due to vibration or undermining of seawall during construction. 
12. Any seismograph required by Building Dept. during installation. 
13. My electrical or plumbing relocations for work access. 
14. Material price increases. 
EFTA00591263

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591264.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591264.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
INVOICE 
Generated: Mon. 31 August 2015 11:22:09 
Page I 
of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket Information fo 
Charges 
Airline Name 
Lufthansa 
Ticket Date 
31108/2015 
Total Charged to American Express 
147.00 
Ticket Number 
7676625695 
Invoice 
2086281 
Electronic 
Yes 
Ticket Base Fare 
642.00 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
358.50 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
1000.50 
Ticket Exchange 
Onginal Fare/Ticket Credit - 0683 
(1016.50) 
New Farefficket - 7676625695 
1000.50 
Amount Charge/Credit 
(16.00) 
Airline Ticket Exchange Fee 
163.00 
Ile 
Travel Details 
Wednesday 02 Sep 15 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF LITHUANIA MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Lufthansa 
Flight 
LH403 
Origin 
Newark. Newark Liberty International 
Destination 
Frankfurt. Frankfurt International 
Departing 
06:05 PM 
Arriving 
07:45 AM / 03 Sep 2015 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal B 
Arrival Terminal 
Terminal 1 
Class 
L Economy Class 
Seats 
Unassigned 
Assigned Seating Is Restricted To Airport Check In 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 40 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 747-81 
Meal 
Meals 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 3 
Invoice BXVI08 
Z
AVE
EXP
EFTA00591264
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Travel Details 
Thursday 03 Sep 15 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Assigned Seating Is Restricted To Airport Check In 
Lufthansa 
LH888 
Frankfurt, Frankfurt International 
Vilnius, Vilnius 
08:40 PM 
11:40 PM 
Terminal 1 
L Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Hrs 
Airbus Industrie A320 Sharklets 
Snack 
Non-stop 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
I 
• 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at www.allianz.com. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise. accommodations, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services including. without limitation, a cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review 'LIMY VISa`Antral COM,Art"-,X for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel 
destnabon. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Air Transportation Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit http://myamextraveloonustatio/condbons for more information. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carnage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons, corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases, oxygen bottles, and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in you' luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit hltp:b`hww faa.s.;:atout'iri:Ja:ries.'hazmat sale:y,. 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly. from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations, accidents a 
failures of equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations, acts of govenvnental authorities. civil 
Page 2 of 3 
Invoice BX‘ii08 
E<PRE SS 
EFTA00591265
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public intemet. telecommunications lines or facilites. or third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you kr finding travel suppliers and makng arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppbers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certan suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and succoring technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppbers and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppbers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a dam with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than 550 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider a such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 615.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your dam 
and a 535 processng fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Sox 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: a by 
visiting TCRC's website at: www.tcronfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within Italy (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
California C614/1022318. Washington USW600-469-694. Iowa TA#002. 
Page 3 of 3 
Invoice BXVIOB 
im
E RiCANJ 
-:PRESS
EFTA00591266

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591267.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591267.pdf
----------------------------------------
PRICEWATERHOUsECCOPER5 
J O'Sullivan Esq 
January 2011 
WITHOUT PREJUDICE 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
Plante° Court 
a
London E 
Telephon 
Facsimile 
Direct Phone
ilia 
Dear Mr O'Sullivan. 
The Duchess of York ("The Duchess") 
As you are aware, we are advising HRH The Duke of York and The Duchess concerning her 
financial affairs. 
Previously, an informal offer of 25p in the pound was made to creditors but, unfortunately, there 
was no unanimous acceptance. However, all significant creditors have now agreed to the offer and 
it is the intention of The Duke of York to provide funds so that The Duchess can reach a final 
agreement with her creditors. 
According to our records, your claim is $126,721 and accordingly a payment of $31,680 is offered 
without prejudice in full and final settlement. We attach a simple form of agreement which we will 
be glad if you will sign and return if you are prepared to accept the offer. 
As the Duke of York hopes to be able to make payment this week, if you are able to return the 
signed agreement by email we would be most grateful. Should you wish to be paid by bank 
transfer, please provide your account details. 
Yours faithfully 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
PrbewaternouseCoopers LLP Is a limited usury pertnetsbp registered in England ..m meowed number OC303525. The registered office or 
PriceivaterheuscCeopers LLP is 1 Enthankreeni Place. Landon WC2r1 6RI4. PricreagethauseCocpers LIP is authorised and rewtated by the Financal Services 
Authomy lor designated investment business. 
EFTA00591267

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591268.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591268.pdf
----------------------------------------
COMPOSITION OF DEBT 
THIS COMPOSITION is made the 
day of January 2011 BETWEEN: 
(1) John O'Sullivan of Apartment 4b, 2072 8th Avenue, New York, 10062, USA 
("the Creditor") 
(2) H.R.H. The Duchess of York of The Royal Lodge, Windsor ("the Debtor") 
WHEREAS 
The Debtor is indebted to the Creditor in the sum of $126,721 for services supplied 
("the Debt") and the Creditor has agreed with the Debtor for the composition and 
immediate release in full of the Debt and all other debts, if any, owed by the Debtor 
to the Creditor upon payment of $31,680 ("the Composition Payment") to the 
Creditor by the Debtor. 
NOW THIS DEED WITNFSSES AS FOLLOWS: 
1. The Debtor covenants with the Creditor that within 28 days of the date hereof 
the Composition Payment shall be paid to the Creditor. 
2. The Creditor covenants with the Debtor that in consideration of the 
Composition Payment being made the Creditor releases and discharges the 
Debtor from all, claims, demands, proceedings or any other actions 
whatsoever in respect of the Debt and all other debts, if any, owed by the 
Debtor to the Creditor. 
3. The Creditor acknowledges that references to Debt or all other debts includes 
all liabilities whether present or future, whether it is certain or contingent or 
EFTA00591268
--- PAGE 2 ---
whether it is fixed or liquidated, or is capable of being ascertained by fixed 
rules or as a matter of opinion. 
4. The Creditor acknowledges that all liabilities includes any liability to pay 
money or money's worth, including any liability under an enactment, any 
liability for breach of trust, any liability in contract, tort or bailment and any 
liability arising out of an obligation to make restitution. 
5. The Creditor acknowledges that in reliance upon the terms of this Deed and 
the release contained herein that the Debtor is incurring liabilities and 
obligations to third parties which, in the absence of this Deed, would not have 
been incurred. 
6. The Creditor acknowledges that the terms of this Agreement and all matters 
related thereto are confidential between the Debtor and the Creditor. The 
Creditor further acknowledges and agrees that there will be no disclosure, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any third party whatsoever (other than 
professional or legal advisers who are themselves bound by the same 
obligations of confidentiality) of any of the terms relating to this Deed and the 
Composition hereby arising or of any matters relating to the Debt and or 
liabilities settled by this Deed. 
7. The Creditor further acknowledges that the obligations owed by the Creditor 
to the Debtor in accordance with a Deed dated 2 April 1996 ("the 1996 Deed"), 
and as confirmed by a letter signed by the Creditor also dated 2 Apri11996, 
copies of which are attached, remain fully in force and shall continue at all 
times hereinafter. Notwithstanding the settlement of the Debt by this Deed, 
nothing agreed by way of this Deed shall effect the Creditor's continuing 
obligations under the 1996 Deed. 
IN WITNESS THEREOF this Deed has been executed by the parties and is 
intended to be and is hereby delivered on the date first above written. 
SIGNED AND DELIVERED as a DEED by 
EFTA00591269
--- PAGE 3 ---
John O'Sullivan 
In the presence of: 
Signature of witness: 
Name of witness: 
Address: 
Occupation: 
SIGNED AND DELIVERED as a DEED by 
Sarah, Duchess of York 
In the presence of: 
Signature of witness: 
Name of witness: 
Address: 
Occupation: 
EFTA00591270

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591271.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591271.pdf
----------------------------------------
Taxpayers:  Leon Black and Debra Black ("Taxpayers") 
SSNs: 
Tax Form: 
1040X 
Tax Year: 
2014 
Program for Voluntary Disclosure of Delinquent International Information Returns 
Statement of Reasonable Cause for--Failure4o--Timely-lzile-FOFMS-54743-886-5r  88-58-and 
8938 
Taxpayers, husband and wife, are hereby voluntarily filing the attached Form 1040X (the 
"Amended Return"), as well as a reasonable cause statement under Treas. Reg. § 1.6038-
2T(j)(3), for the sole purpose of filing Forms 5471, 8865, 8858 and 8938 (the Forms, together 
with the aforementioned statement, the "International Information Returns") for 2014, under 
the Internal Revenue Service's (the "IRS") 2014 Delinquent International Information Return 
Submission Procedures. The Taxpayers have not been contacted by the IRS regarding the 
• 
 International Information Returns and have a 
long history of being fully compliant taxpayers. The Taxpayers are not under civil examination 
erttox criminal investigation by the IRS. 
This submission, pursuant to Treas. Reg. §§ I.6038-2(k)(3) and I.6038-3(k)(4), explains why 
the Taxpayers' failure to file the International Information Returns with the original Form 1040 
for 2014 (the "Original Return") was due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect. Theja 
addition, the only change reflected in the Form 1040X b ' g filed today is the inclusion of 
the International Information Returns, and there is no change in either taxable income reported 
by the Taxpayers, or in the tax liability owed by the Taxpayers, for 2014, which was timely 
paid. The Original Return, the Amended Return and the accompanying International 
Information Returns were all prepared by the Taxpayers' professional accountants at Raich 
Ende Malter & Co. LLP ("REM-Co"). 
Background 
The Taxpayers own interests in a wide variety of entities relatecHeaffiliated with Apollo 
Global Management, LLC ("Apollo"), the publicly traded alternative asset manager, through 
their interest in BRH Holdings, L.P. (EIN: 
("BRH" or the "Partnership"). Since 
the-ineeptian-of-BRI4rempleyees-efapolle-have-assisted-with In addition to their 
responsibilities for the preparation of the tax returns of BRH-as-well-as-all the other 
controlled foreign partnerships, controlled foreign corporations and foreign disregarded entities 
(the -Foreign Entities") listed on the enclosed Exhibit A,imployeesoratinternaLlax 
department of Apollo have also assisted with the nrenaration of the tax returns of B1W. 
TheAll of the Foreign Entities, other than BRH and AP Professional Holdings LP, are also 
owned, in part, indirectly by Apollo. The appropriate Apollo entities timely and properly filed 
the Forms 8865 and 8858 with respect to these Foreign Entities, but deieFFained-that-Apollo 
did-neidetermined there was no need to provide the underlying information to the Taxpayers, 
or alert the Taxpayers that they might have similar filing requirements. Thus, the Schedule K-I 
EFTA00591271
--- PAGE 2 ---
for 2014 from the Partnership, provided to the Taxpayers, included all items of taxable income 
and loss attributable to the Taxpayers' interest in the Partnership, but did not indicate any
obligation to file the International Information Returns with respect to BRH or at
g the 
many-other Foreign Entities held through BRH. In fact, the Schedule K-1 included a footnote 
specifically stating that there were no filing requirements with respect to foreign partnerships 
during the 2014 tax year, and therefore a filing of Form 8865 was not required. The footnote 
the Taxpayers did consult with their profesionat-aeeeuntants-at REM Co who did prepare and 
ftle-Fornt-8865-for-BR+H,ased-on-ilte-best-available-information-in-the-Sehedule-K-I-previded7 
The other Foreign Entities referred to, are either indirectly or constructively owned, in whole 
or in part, by BRH, and, as such, the tax information of such Foreign Entities is not directly 
reported to the Taxpayers or their tax advisors, but instead is rolled into the tax reporting of 
BRH. As a result, neither the Taxpayers nor their accountants were aware that any other 
International Information Return filings were required and, in any case, they were not provided 
the information necessary to hays properly eempletecompleted the International Information 
Returns, making it impossible for the Taxpayers to timely file these informational returns. 
Importantly, all income reported on the Schedule K-I from the Partnership was properly and 
timely reported to the IRS on the Original Return. A Form 8938 was also timely filed by the 
Taxpayers with the Original Return and is only being amended today simply-to reflect the 
correct number of Forms 5471 and 8865 in Part IV required to be filed by the Taxpayers. 
The Taxpayers were unawarenot made aware of their obligation to file the International 
Information Returns until August 2016. At that time, the Taxpayers and their representatives 
were first informed by Apollo's tax department that the Taxpayers likelymav have had an 
obligation to file the International Information Returns with respect to BRH and the other 
Foreign Entities. Upon learning this information, the Taxpayers immediately requested 
additional information from bath Apollo and Deloitte (Apollo's tax advisor) and diligently 
reviewed the history and factual circumstances with their personal accountants and the law 
firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP. As-a-result-eaktconchtsionstached 
Jy that review, it-was determined-that the Taxpayers were-ebliatn
obligation to file the International Information Returns with respect to the Foreign Entities for 
2014-fineluding-seme-rniner-reperting-eltanges-te-the-previeusl.frfiled-BRHafRi-884-5), which 
the Taxpayers are now deingsatisfving via the filing of the Amended Return. 
The Taxpayers are neither accountants nor lawyers. Because the Taxpayers' ownership 
arrangements related to the Partnership and other Foreign Entities are very complex, the 
Taxpayers have engaged and relied on experienced accountants to prepare their tax returns 
based upon the information and records provided to them, including by Apollo's tax 
department, which is responsible for overseeing tax compliance and reporting for an extremely 
complex business enterprise, and by Apollo's tax advisors at Deloitte, which prepared the 
applicable Schedule K-1. 
Basis for Reasonable Cause 
The Taxpayers have exercised ordinary business care and prudence by engaging and relying on 
experienced tax professionals in making a good faith effort to comply with an intricate set of 
EFTA00591272
--- PAGE 3 ---
information reporting rules relating to a complex business enterprise. When the Taxpayers 
signed and filed the Original Return, on the advice of their experieiteed-tax advisors at REM-
Co, the Taxpayers believed that the Original Return was both accurate and complete. In 
addition, the Taxpayers acted as-promptly as-practicable-upon learning of the potential filing 
oversight to gather all relevant records and information from the Apollo tax department and 
proyidedprovide such information to their tax advisors, resulting in thetodav's filing today-of 
the Amended Return and the International Information Returns. As noted, the Taxpayers have 
a long history of being &121 compliant taxpayers-aad-eernpliant-internatieaal-tax-filersr have 
.. The Taxpayers are not under a civil examination or a 
criminal investigation by the IRS. The IRS has not contacted the Taxpayers about any of the 
delinquent International Information Returns-thai-aferhe-subjeet-ef-this-subraissionT, The 
Foreign Entities that are the subject of the International Information Returns were not engaged 
in tax evasion. The Taxpayers are voluntarily filing the Amended Return today in order to 
ensure that all International Information Returns for 2014 have been properly filed. Finally, the 
Taxpayers also note that they have timely filed all required International Information Returns 
for the 2015 taxable period and will continue to ensure that all required International 
Information Returns are properly and timely filed in future taxable periods. 
Conclusion 
Based on the above, the Taxpayers believe, in good faith, that reasonable cause exists for their 
failure to file the International Information Returns with respect to the Foreign Entities with the 
Original Return. Therefore, the Taxpayers respectfully request that the IRS exercise its 
discretionary, regulatory authority to grant reasonable cause relief and not assert any penalties 
under Section 6038 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or Treas. Reg. §§ I.6038-2(k)(1) or 
1.6038-3(k)(3). 
EFTA00591273

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591274.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591274.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Complex Litigation, Fla. R. Civ. Pro.1201 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
Individually, and L.M., Individually, 
Defendants. 
Case No. 50 2009CA040800XXXXMB AG 
NOTICE OF HEARING 
To: 
GARY M. FARMER, JR., ESQ., Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, 
PL. 425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301, JACK SCAROLA, 
ESQ., Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409, and JACK ALAN GOLDBERGER, ESQ., Atterbury 
Goldberger & Weiss, P.A., 250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, 
FL 33401-5012 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the following motion will be called up for hearing on 
February 9, 2010, at 8:45 A.M. before the Honorable David F. Crow at Palm Beach 
County Courthouse, 205 North Dixie Hwy., Room 9C, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401: 
MOTION OF COUNTER-DEFENDANT, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, FOR A 
MORE DEFINITE STATEMENT AND MOTION TO DISMISS 
Pursuant to Local Rule No. 4, a good faith attempt was made prior to the hearing 
on this motion to resolve this matter with opposing counsel. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing has been furnished by fax 
and U.S. Mail to the above addressee, this  13TH 
 day of  January  , 2010. 
EFTA00591274
--- PAGE 2 ---
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN, LLP 
By: 
Ro tert 
itton, Jr. 
Fin-Ida Bar • 
4162 
Michael J. Pike 
Florida Bar #617296 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Courtesy Copy of Notice and Counter-Defendant's Motion to Judge Crow 
EFTA00591275

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591276.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUSMAN GODFREY L.L.P. 
A REGISTERED LIMITED LIABILITY PARTNERSHIP 
5TH FLOOR 
654 
MADISON AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10065.8404 
12121 336-6330 
FAX (2 12> 336-6340 
SUM 5100 
1000 Lasinua Sinn 
HOUSTON. nx•-• 77002-5006 
SUNS 5100 
001 14616 STRUT 
DALLAS TV"As 75202.3775 
STEPHEN D. Sus.0.6 
Dona Dm. 
January 5, 2010 
Fortress VRF Investor Relations 
Fortress Investment Group 
1345 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10105 
figvrfir®fortress.com 
Suns 050 
1001 Amnon 0/ INC Stall 
LOS AWNILLs CAupDlau 00067-6020 
DIRECT DIAL FAX 
&Mu 
San 3800 
1201 11660 AwAue 
Burns, WASHINGTON 05101.3000 
Re: 
D.B. Zwim Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. (n/k/a Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC) 
Dear Fortress VRF Investor Relations: 
I represent Jeepers, Inc., Financial Trust Company, Inc., and Jeffrey Epstein (collectively 
"Jeepers"). 
Pursuant to Paragraph 7 of the Settlement Agreement and Release dated April 8, 2009 
("Agreement") among D.B. Zwim Special Opportunities Fund ("Fund"), L.P., Jeepers, Inc., 
Financial Trust Company, Inc., and Jeffrey Epstein, Jcepers has provided Jeepers' Cancellation 
Declaration to the names and addresses listed in Paragraph 22 of the Agreement. 
Jeepers recognizes that the name of the Fund has changed and its mailing address may have 
changed as well. According to Jeepers' records, however, it never received any notice pursuant 
to Paragraph 22 of "any change of person to be notified or change of address." Nevertheless, 
Jeepers is providing you with the enclosed copy of the Jeepers' Cancellation Declaration as a 
courtesy. 
If you believe that this notice should have been sent to a different person or address, please 
contact me immediately, so that Jeepers can respond before the deadline for providing the 
Jeepers' Cancellation Declaration, which we believe is January 14, 2010. Please let me know of 
any concerns by email and hand delivery to my address above. 
999625v1/0I1585 
EFTA00591276
--- PAGE 2 ---
Fortress VRF Investor Relations 
Fortress Investment Group 
January 5, 2010 
Page 2 
For the avoidance of any doubt, this letter should not be construed in anyway as qualifying the 
enclosed Jeepers' Cancellation Declaration. Jeepers position is that the enclosed notice is 
effective, final and irrevocable. 
Sincerely, 
JAM/4 t ..142Ataal 
Stephen D. Susman 
Enclosure 
cc: Darren Indyke 
999625A/011585 
EFTA00591277
--- PAGE 3 ---
JEEPERS, INC. 
January 5, 2010 
Via Hand Delivery and Federal Express 
D.B. Zwim Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. 
do David Lee 
D.B. Zwim & Co., L.P. 
745 Fifth Avenue 
18th Floor 
New York, NY 10151 
Re: 
Settlement Agreement and Release 
Jeepers' Cancellation Declaration 
Dear D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund, L.P.: 
Pursuant to Paragraph 7 of the Settlement Agreement and Release dated April 8, 2009 
("Agreement") among D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund, L.P., Jeepers, Inc., Financial 
Trust Company, Inc., and Jeffrey Epstein, this notice constitutes "Jeepers' Cancellation 
Declaration." The result hereof is that the Agreement is null and void and the releases, waivers, 
promises, covenants, and other provisions contained therein are of no effect. 
Cc: 
Alan R. Glickman, Esq. 
Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP 
919 Third Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
Jeffrey Epstein 
President 
EFTA00591278

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591279.pdf
----------------------------------------
BURMAN. CRITTON 
LUTTIER&COLEMAN,LLP 
YOUR TRUSTED ADVOCATES 
A LIMITED LIABILITY PARTNERSHIP 
J. MICHAEL BURMAN. PA" 
GREGORY W. COLEMAN. PA 
ROBERT D. CRITTON. Th.. PA' 
BERNARD A. LEBEDEKER 
MARK T. LUTTI ER. PA 
JEFFREY C PEPIN 
MICHAEL J. PIKE 
HEATHER MCNAMARA RUDA 
DAVID A. YAREMA 
'NORM A BOARD CERTIFIED CIVIL ULU. LAWYER 
2ADMITTEDd73WiC6C1; 
Mali
Spencer T. Kuvin, Esq. 
Leopold-Kuvin, P.A. 
2925 PGA Blvd., Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
Re: 
B.B. v. Epstein 
January 7, 2010 
ADELOVI J. BENAVENTE 
PAMLEGA1/INVESTIGATOR 
JESSICA CADWELL 
BOBBIE M. MCKENNA 
ASHLIE STOKEN-BARING 
BETTY STOKES 
PASIALICALS 
RITA H. BUDNYK 
OF COUNSEL 
EDWARD M. RICCI 
StECIAL CONSUMER 
JUSTICE COUNSEL 
Dear Spencer: 
I am in receipt of your January 4, 2010 letter referencing the deposition of Jerry 
Goldsmith. To my knowledge, he has no personal knowledge regarding any relevant or 
material fact in this case. His only involvement was as related by former Palm Beach 
Chief Michael Reiter at his deposition. 
If your client had any contact with Mr. Goldsmith through Mr. Epstein, then 
clearly, the deposition may have some relevance. However, if your sole purpose is to 
establish that Mr. Goldsmith contacted Chief Reiter on behalf of Mr. Epstein for 
whatever reason, it is an issue which is not relevant, or material, nor will any associated 
with it ever be admissible. 
I would ask that you reconsider takin the deposition of Mr. Goldsmith in that it is 
a waste of time and money for every' e's respective clients, and it serves no 
meaningful purpose in the dispute betwee 
our client and mine. 
Cordia 
Rob- 
Critton, Jr. 
RDC/clz 
cc: 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
303 BANYAN BOULEVARD • SUITE 400 • WEST PALM BEACH. FL 33401 • PHONE 
WWW.BCLCILAW.COM 
EFTA00591279

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591280.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM Document 172 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12:18:2009 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80811-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CAROLYN MARGARENT ANDRIANO, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and SARAH 
KELLEN, 
Defendants. 
JOINT NOTICE OF RESOLUTION/SETTLEMENT 
Plaintiff, CAROLYN MARGARET ANDRIANO, and Defendant(s), JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN and SARAH KELLEN, jointly give Notice to the Court that the Parties have resolved 
the above-styled action. The Parties further stipulate that all pending Motions are moot and no 
further Court action is required. The Parties are in the process of finalizing the settlement and 
will file a Stipulation of Dismissal with Prejudice and Proposed Order upon completing all 
documents related to the agreed resolution/settlement. 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the manner specified by 
CM/ECF on this it  day of December, 2009 
Richard Horace Willits, Esq. 
Richard H. Willits, P.A. 
2290 10th Avenue North 
Suite 404 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
EFTA00591280
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80811-KAM Document 172 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12 18 '2009 Page 2 of 2 
C.M.A v. Epstein, et at 
Page 2 
Lake Worth, FL 33461 
561-582-7600 
Fax: 561-588-8819 
Counsel for Plaintiff C.M.A. 
reelrhw@hotmail.com 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P. Hill, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
561-686-6300 
Fax: 561-383-9424 
jsx®searcvlaw.com 
inh@searcvlaw.com 
Co-Counsel for Plaintiff 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Fax: 561-835-8691 
iauesq®bellsouth.net 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Bruce Reinhart, Esq. 
Bruce E. Reinhart, P.A. 
250 S. Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-202-6360 
Fax: 561-828-0983 
ecf@ibrucereinhardaw.corn
Counsel for Defendant Sarah Kellen 
Respectfully submitted, 
By:  1st Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
rcriabcIclaw.com 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
mpike©bcfclaw.com 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
EFTA00591281

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591282.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591282.pdf
----------------------------------------
GIACOMETTI - Comparison of Christie's and Sotheby's proposals (4112117) 
Auction 
Sale 
House 
Deadline 
Date 
Estimates 
Enhanced Hammer 
Guarantee 
Marketing Highlights 
Christie's April 7 Of 
we want it 
to go to 
LA); 
otherwise, 
later in 
April 
27-Jun 
GBP 15 - 25" million 
(approximately $18.75-
31.25 million at $1.25 to 
GBP) 
110% until proceeds 
reach GBP 20 
million, then 107% 
(but proceeds never 
go below 20 million 
after step down) 
Christie's will not do a 
house guarantee; third 
party guarantee offered 
at $15-16 USD with 
70/30 split on overage 
(even though sale is in 
London, the guarantor 
has been discussing the 
guarantee in dollars) 
Travel to Christie's exhibitions in LA, NY and 
Hong Kong (it would have to be in LA by 4/14, 
which is why they need a decision by Friday 417 
if you want to send it to LA); included in 
Chinese langauge brochure; included in press 
release for London sale 
Sotheby's closer to 
the end of 
April 
21-Jun 
GBP 12.8 - 16 million 
(Amy did not want to 
commit to estimates, 
but said they would 
probably be around US 
$16-20 million) 
107% (but Amy said 
she could pretty 
easily go up to 
108% it she needed 
to do that to be 
competitive) 
$16 million with 70/30 
split on overage (again, 
even though the sale 
would be in London, the 
guarantee is in dollars) 
TBD 
* For their NY May sale, Christie's estimates were $18 - 25 million and they did not want to go up to $20 million on the low estimate. 
For their London June sale, Christie's feels strongly that GBP 15 million is the highest they can go on the low estimate without scaring oft 
potential bidders. 
EFTA00591282

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591283.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00591283
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00591284
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00591285
--- PAGE 4 ---
07/28/2010 10:43 
3407752926 
HEAVY MATERIALS 
PAGE 02/06 
HEAVY MATERIALS LLC 
smokrnsn'Ouvrry 
OtWOEstmeMerierdsm 
St. Thomas. U.S Virgin Islands (X1R02- 1607 
Sold 
L5,7360 
LITTLE ST. JAMES , LLC. 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS. B-3 
ei.InCWASP 
ORDFR 
ORDER ID: 
TRUCKER 
INFORMATION: 
Ticket No: 194648 
XDASSS 
Date: 
Tine: 
7/22/10 
9:02:53AM 
PRODUCT 
ID/DESCRIPTION 
VOW 
QUANTITY 
• QUANTITY 
UNIT 
ORDERED 
WIPP= 
PRICE 
EXTENDED PRICE 
COLSAND 
LOLOMOIAN SANE) 
Check Number: 
Ton 
30.04 
30.04 
70.00 
2.102.80 
Metric 
Pounds 
Tons 
Gross 
38.98 
85,940 
42.97 
Tare 
11.73 
25,860 
12.93 
Net 
27.25 
60,080 
30.04 
Today 
Loads 
Qty 
30.04 
TOTAL 
2.102.80 
PROUDLY MANUFACTURED IN THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DRIVERS SIGNATURE 
EFTA00591286
--- PAGE 5 ---
07/28/2010 10:43 
3407752926 
HEAVY MATERIALS LLC 
Stockman Quarry 
6099 Pam Marioxtahl 
SI Thema u.s Ihrgm Islands 00802.1!+07 
Sold To: 
LSJ3S0 
LITTLE ST. JAMES , LLC. 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS. B-3 
PURCHASE 
ORDER: 
ORDER ID: 
71920IC 
HEAW MATERIALS 
TRUCKER 
INFORMATION: 
PAGE 
03/06 
Ticket No: 
184686 
Date: 
7/22/10 
Time: 
2:01:14 DM 
XDASSS 
PRODUCT 
SD/DESCRIPTION 
DOM 
QUANTITY 
QUANTITY 
MUT 
ORDERED 
SHIPPED 
PRICE 
EXTETIORD PRICE 
057 
Ton 
2741 
27.41 
3100 
904.53 
COARSE CR( isRED STONE 
Check Number: 
Metric 
Pounds 
Tons 
Gross 
36.60 
80.680 
40.34 
Tare 
11.73 . 
25,860 a, 
12.93 
Net 
24.87 
54.820 
27.41 
• Predetermined Tare 
Today 
Loads 
Qty 
27.41 
TOTAL 
904.53 
PROUDLY MANUFACTURED IN THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DRIVERS SIONATURE 
EFTA00591287
--- PAGE 6 ---
07/28/2010 10:43 
3407752926 
HEAVY MATERIALS 
HEAVY MATERIALS LLC 
PAGE 04/06 
Ticket No: 186665 
firookman Quarry 
6099 Estate Menem:Pahl 
St Thema U.S Virgin islands 00802-1607 
S*:d To: 
PURCHASE 
ORDER; 
ORDER ID: 
LSJ350 
LITTLE ST. JAMES , LLC. 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS. B-3 
7192010 
TRACKER 
INFORMATION: 
XDA5SS 
Date: 7/22/10 
Time: 10,55:06AM 
PRODUCT 
ID/DZSCRIPTICW 
OVERTITY 
OCANTx17 
UNIT 
ORDERED 
SHIPPED 
PRICE 
EXTENDED PRICE 
MFS 
MANUFACTURED SAND 
Check Nanber: 
Ton 
30.05 
3005 
42.50 
1.277.13 
Metric 
Pounds 
Tons 
Gross 
38.99 
85,960 
42.98 
Tare 
11.73 ,,, 
25,860 * 
12.93 * 
Net 
27.26 
60.100 
30.05 
Predetermined Tare 
Today 
Loads 
Qty 
30.05 
TOTAL 
1,277.13 
PROUDLY MANUFACTURED IN THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DRIVCWSSIONATURE 
EFTA00591288
--- PAGE 7 ---
07/28/2010 10:43 
3407752926 
HEAVY MATERIALS 
HEAVY MATERIALS LLC 
Brookman Quarry 
6099 Estate M ariendahl 
irgin ;stands 00802- I 607 
Sole To: 
R:McRARE 
ORDER: 
ORDER ID: 
LSJ350 
LITTLE ST. JAMES . LLC. 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS. B-3 
7192010 
PRODUCT 
XD/DESCRIPTION 
TRUCXER 
INFORMATION: 
PAGE 
05/06 
Sicke t No: 
184600 
XDA555 
Date: 
7/22/10 
Time: 12:36:19PM 
VON 
QUANTITY 
QUANTITY 
Otr2T 
ORDERED 
SNIPPED 
PBX= 
EXTENDED PRICE 
MIS 
MANUFACTURED SAND 
Chock Number: 
Ton 
33.17 
I7 
42.50 
1.409.73 
Metric 
Pounds 
Tons 
Gross 
41.82 
92,200 
46.10 
Tare 
11.73 . 
25.860 „ 
12.93 * 
Net 
30.09 
66,340 
33.17 
Loads 
Qty 
• Predetermined Tare 
Today 
63.22 
TOTAL 
1,409.73 
PROUDLY MANUFACTURED IN THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
;,..avv • 
DRIVERS SIGNATURE 
EFTA00591289
--- PAGE 8 ---
07/28/2010 10:43 
3407752926 
07-19- 10; 19: 42 
; 
HEAVY MATERIALS 
PAGE 
06/06 
7752926 
LSJ, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Qtr Suite 63 
St. Thom 
00802 
ApPRovre 
Heavy Material LLC 
wears 
7885 Estee Mariendehl • 11 
NAME AND 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
ADDRESS 
LSJ 350 Account 
Nog--7.florwi
t 
mar 
NO. 
PURCHASE ORDER 
Date 
7/19/2010 
UNIT 
Per Ten 
uarr 
$70.00 
$42.50 
$33.00 
OTY. 
ORDERED 
PRICE 
a 
Columbian Send -1 loads 
Manufactured Sand - 3 load 
#57 Stone - 4 toads 
Tons 
Tons 
Tons 
URP
nar 
TOTAL 
REMARKS: 
Pick up Wed July 21, 2010 
Approved Trucking Company 
Dream Engineering - James Jones 
Tolerroroo Numbers: 
777-2266 828-3500 
Pax Numbers 
ORDERED BY 
TITLE: 
APPROVED 
TITLE! 
DATE: 
Thomas Melnick 
Superlendant 
nistra(
Monique Harry / 
)rojerit AdmI 
Date Received; 
Initials: 
Approval Signature: 
EFTA00591290

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591291.pdf
----------------------------------------
Emad Hanna 
EFTA00591291
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00591292
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00591293
--- PAGE 4 ---
HEAVY MATERIALS LLC 
Broukman Quarry 
0099 E.:431C Mariendahl 
Si. Thomas. U.S Vur.:tin Islands 00802-1607 
Sold To: 
LSJ350 
LITTLE ST. JAMES , LLC. 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS. B-3 
PURCHASE 
ORDER: 
ORDER ID: 
7192010 
TRUCKER 
INFORMATION: 
Ticket No: 184665 
XDA555 
Date: 7/22/10 
Time: 10:55:06AN 
PRODUCT 
ID/DESCRIPTION 
UCH 
QUANTITY 
QUANTITY 
UNIT 
ORDERED 
SHIPPED 
PRICE 
EXTENDED PRICE 
MFS 
MAK/MAIMED SAND 
Check Number: 
Tnn 
30.05 
30.05 
42.50 
1,277.13 
Metric 
Pounds 
Tons 
Gross 
38.99 
85,960 
42.98 
Tare 
11.73 * 
25,860 * 
12.93 * 
Net 
27.26 
60,100 
30.05 
* Predetermined 'rare 
Today 
Loads 
Qty 
30.05 
TOTAL 
1,277.13 
PROUDLY MANUFACTURED IN THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DRIVER'S SIGNATURE 
EFTA00591294
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00591295
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00591296
--- PAGE 7 ---
Invoice #48 LSJ 
7/26/2010 
Dream Engineering and Trucking 
1704 Seventh Street Suite 103 
Niskv Mail Box # 12 
St. Thomas, V.1.00802-2100 
Nerve 
Lafayette Contractors, L.LC. 
CIO William Rondos 
Project Execuitive 
mimes, 
American Yacht Harbor 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, Suite A2-7 
St. Thomas. VI 00802 
340-779 8054 Office 340-244-8565 Cell 
Phase 
IV 
x 
Email 
Cask 
GOD. 
D. nett. 
Slim. 
I 
Date 
Description 
Number of 
Trucks 
Port Fee Rotearlp 
Doers 
Amount S 
264.1.10 
Transport Coarse 
Crush Stone Sand 
from H&SI to LSJ 
Invi1848.3 I 
I 
$20.00 
5250 
5270 
26401.10 
Transport %IFS 
from H&:11 to 1-SJ. 
Invtl 184858 
I 
5250 
5250 
24-al-to 
Transport Coarse 
Crash Stone from 
II&M to LSJ. 
Inv. 184881 
5250 
5250 
26-Jul-10 
Transport Coarse 
Crush Stone from 
H&M to LSJ. 
lova 184894 
I 
5250 
5250 
Total 
$1,020 
EFTA00591297
--- PAGE 8 ---
IIEAVV MATERIALS LLC 
Rrookman Quartet 
6099 ligaie MariaidahI 
Si Thomas. 0.5 Virgin Islands 10802.1677 
Sold To: 
LSj380 
LITTLE ST. JAMES , LLC. 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS. 8-3 
PURCHASE 
CEDER: 
ORDER 10: 
719201D 
TRUCKER 
INFORMATION: 
Ticket No: 184831 
XDASSS 
Date: 7/26/10 
Time: 
9:19:31AM 
PRODUCT 
ID/DESCRIPTION 
Dad 
QUANTITY 
QUANTITY 
UNIT 
ORDERED 
SHIPPED 
PRICE 
EXTENDED PRICE 
*57 
057 COARSE CRUSHED STONE 
Ton 
27.97 
27.97 
33.00 
923.01 
Metric 
Pounds 
Tons 
Gross 
37.17 
81.940 
40.97 
Tare 
11.79 
26.000 
13.00 
Net 
25.37 
55,940 
27.97 
Today 
Loads 
Qty 
27.97 
Check Number: 
TOTAL 
923.01 
PROUDLY MANUFACTURED IN THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DRIVERS SIGNATURE 
EFTA00591298
--- PAGE 9 ---
HEAVY MATERIALS LLC 
I3ruokman Quarry 
(,099 Estate Market&Ill 
St n oma 
Islands 00802404/7 
Sod To: 
Plike/lASE 
ORDER: 
ORDLR ID: 
LSJ150 
LITTLE ST. JAMES , LLC. 
6300 RED HOOK QTRS. B-3 
7192010 
PRODUCT 
ID/DESCRIPTION 
TRUCKER 
INFORMATION: 
Ticket No: 
184858 
XDA555 
Date: 7/26/10 
Time: 10:52:58AM 
UCH 
QUANTITY 
QUANTITY 
UNIT 
ORDERED 
SHIPPED 
PRICE 
EXTENDED PRICE 
MANUFACTURED SAND 
Check Number: 
Tun 
30.08 
30.08 
42.50 
1,278.40 
Metric 
Pounds 
Tons 
Gross 
39.08 
86.160 
43.08 
Tare 
11.79 • 
26,000 * 
13.00 * 
Net 
27.29 
60,160 
30.08 
•PmdeterminedTare 
Today 
Loads 
Qty 
30.08 
PROUDLY MANUFACTURED IN THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
e 
DRIVER'S SIGNATURE 
EFTA00591299
--- PAGE 10 ---
HEAVY MATERIALS LLC 
Wool:man Quart) 
6099 Estate Mariaidahl 
' 
sin Islands DUX02-1607 
Id lo: 
LSJ350 
LITTLE ST. JAMES , LLC. 
6100 RED HOOK Q'I'RS. 83 
Ticket No: 184881 
Date: 7/26/10 
Time: 12:36:43PM 
!•• 
R: 
7192030 
PRODUCT 
ID/DESCRIPTION 
UOM 
TRUCKER 
INFORMATION: 
XDA555 
QUANTITY 
QUANTITY 
ORDERED 
SHIPPED 
UNIT 
PR/CE 
EXTENDED PRICE 
I 'eV 
u57('OARSE CRIISI1ED STONE 
Ton 
29.88 
29.88 
33.00 
986.04 
Metric 
Pounds 
Tons 
Gross 
38.90 
85.760 
42.88 
Tare 
11.79 * 
26.000 * 
13.00 * 
Net 
27.11 
59.760 
29.88 
• Predetermined Tare 
Today 
Loads 
Qty 
57.85 
Check Number: 
TOTAL 
986.04 
PROUDLY MANUFACTURED IN THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DRIVER'S SIGNATURE 
EFTA00591300
--- PAGE 11 ---
I WAVY MATERIALS LLC 
Broolanan Quart, 
WS/ haite Marie:Wahl 
I how& US Vunin IsIan& 011802-1(.07 
To: 
LSjA50 
LITTLE ST. JAMES . 
LLC. 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS. B3 
7192010 
PRODUCT 
ID/DESCRIPTION 
hi7 
i n57COARSECRUSIIDDSTONE 
Nemec.: : 
LION 
Ticket No: 
184894 
Date: 7/26/10 
Time: 
2:09:41PM 
TRUCKER 
INFORMATION: 
XDASS5 
QUANTITY 
QUANTITY 
UNIT 
ORDERED 
SHIPPED 
PRICE 
EXTENDED PRICE 
Ion 
28.03 
28.03 
33.00 
Metric 
Pounds 
Tons 
Gross 
37.22 
82.060 
41.03 
Tare 
11.79 * 
26.000 * 
13.00 * 
Net 
25.43 
56.060 
28.03 
* Predetermined Tare 
Today 
Loads 
Qty 
85.88 
924.99 
TOTAL 
924.99 
PROWLYN4ANUFACTUREDINiNEUS.VIRGHVISLAND6 
r 
i)K I YEWS %NINA RAF 
EFTA00591301
--- PAGE 12 ---
HEAVY MATERIAL 
Aggregate Approval Dated 5-3-10 
TRACKING 
STONE -500 Tons 
V 
Trip 
Ticket # 
Date 
Ton 
Total 
Balance Ton 
180779 
5/5/2010 
24.73 
816.09 
475.27 
180795 
5/6/2010 
28.43  
938.19 
446.84 
180811 
5/6/2010 
29.64 
978.12 
417.2 
181166 
5/13/2010 
25.63 
845.79 
391.57 
181176,
5/13/2010 
25.74  
849.42 
365.83 
181207 
5/14/2010 
26.12 
861.96 
339.71 
181403 
5/20/2010 
28.41 
937.53 
311.3 
182218 
6/4/2010 
27.65 
912.45 
283.65 
183230 
6/25/2010 
26.82 
885.06 
256.83 
183240 
6/25/2010 
26.86 
886.38 
229.97 
183672 
7/2/2010 
25.89 
854.37 
204.08 
183730 
7/3/2010 
24.15 
796.95 
179.93 
183747 
7/3/2010 
23.95 
790.35 
155.98 
184686  
7/22/2010 
27.41 
904.53  
128.57 
184831 
7/26/2010 
27.971 -.. 
923.01 
100.6 
184881 
7/26/2010 
29.88. - 986.04 
70.72 
184894 
7/26/2010 
28.03 ,---- 
924.99 
42.69 
15091.23 
EFTA00591302
--- PAGE 13 ---
COLOMBIAN SAND — 500 Tons 
Trip 
Ticket # 
Date 
Ton 
Total 
Balance Ton 
I 
180708 
5/5/2010 
26.07 
1,824.90 
473.93 
180740 
5/5/2010 
25.17 
1.761.90 
448.76 
180787 
5/6/2010 
1,890.00 
421.76 
180827 
5/6/2010 
27.19 
1,903.30 
394.57 
182182 
6/3/2010 
28.33 
1.983.10 
366.24 
182197 
6/3/2010 
30.25 
2,117.50 
335.99 
182205 
6/3/2010 
30.58 
2,140.60 
305.41 
183198 
6/25/2010 
29.94 
2,095.80 
275.47 
183619 
7/2/2010 
30.98 
2,168.60 
244.49 
183697 
7/3/2010 
28.89 
2,022.30 
215.6 
184648 
7/22/2010 
30.04 
2,102.80 
185.56 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
22.010.80 
EFTA00591303
--- PAGE 14 ---
MANUFACTURED SAND - 500 Tons 
Trip 
Ticket # 
Date 
Jon 
Total 
Balance Ton 
180764 
5/5/2010 
29.27 
1,243.98 
470.73 
180803 , 
5/6/2010 
30.56 
1,298.80 
440.17 
181127 
5/13/2010 
28.48
_ 
1,210.40 
411.69,
181143 
5/13/2010 
28.77 
1,222.73 
382.92 
181155 
5/13/2010 
27.24 
1,157.70 
355.68 
181411 
5/20/2010 
30.65 
1,302.63 
325.03 
181439 
5/20/2010 
1,317.50 
294.03 
181476 
5/20/2010 
30.59_ 
1,300.08 
263.44 
183217 
6/25/2010 
29.48 
1,252.90 
233.96 
183653 
7/2/2010 
27.69 
1,176.83 
206.27 
i 1 
183711
7/3/2010 
26.33 
1,119.03 
179.94 
184665 
7/22/2010 
30.05 
1,277.13 
149.89 
184680 
7/22/2010 
33.17 
1,409.73 
116.72 
184858 
7/26/2010 
30.08 
1,278.40 
86.64 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
17,567.80 
Monique Harry 
Project Administrator 
Lafayette Contractors, LI.0 
EFTA00591304

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591305.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591305.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ, LLC 
Moil Red I look ()tuner. 8•3. 
Thomas. USVI imixo2.13.48
Date of Request: 7-27-10 
Requested By: W. Rowles 
Time Frame for Purchase/Repair: 
Urgent:OX 
Inventory: K 
Other: K 
Item/Items Requested: 100 +/- tons of stone 
Purpose/Description: Misc. Island Concrete 
Company Name: Heavy Materials 
Website or Special Purchase Instructions: 
Purchase Price: 100 ton @ $33.00 per ton = $3,300.00 
Tax: 
Shipping Cost: 4 trips @ $190 = $760.00 
Ship Via: 
Other: Trucking 4 trips @ $270.00 = $1,080.00 
Total Expected Cost: 
$5,140.00 
Deposit Required?Yes:C1 $ 
or  
% 
No: OX 
Payment Method: 
House Acct, to be billed: 
X 
Check: 
Wire Transfer: 
Credit Card of Requester: 
LSJ Company Card: 
Quote Attached: Yes:O 
No:CIX 
Competitive Quotes Obtained? 
Yes: K 
No:CIX 
If No, Why Not: 
Island supplier 
Authorization: 
EFTA00591305
--- PAGE 2 ---
Emad Hanna 
From: 
Monique Harry 
Sent: 
Wednesday, July2 , 
'
Il M1
To: 
Emad Hanna 
Subject: 
Stone Approval 
Attachments: 
100 Ton Stone Approval 7-27-10.pdt 
Emad, 
Attached for your use 100 Ton Stone Approval date 7-27-10. 
Monique 
EFTA00591306

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591307.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591307.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jet Ski Ports come in five stylise color chooses from Dandy Dock' 
Page 1 of 2 
Call Toda 
some I Canna Ps I Cullom., Sin<e 
I AtOtit us 
Anchoring I Accessories I Colors I Brochure & Instructions 
Find a Dealer I Become a Dealer I Video 
Jet Ski docking in Five Colors 
Choose between the different port colors by clocking on the Color 
sample. After choosing a Jet ski port color pick your  anchoring 
potion or accessories
Color samples: 
110rIt riteY IlLue 
Dark Grey Sack 
Tan - part a 401.2140 
Light Grey - part r  401-2139 
7/9/20 10 
EFTA00591307
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jet Ski Ports come in five stylin' color chooses from Dandy Dock' 
Page 2 of 2 
Blue - part It 401.2141 
Dad< Grey part z 401-2142 
Black - part a 401-2143 (special order) 
Too of Peoe 
Copyrekt 2010 Dandy Dock. I.. .per. resenc0 
Mao I About Us I Customer Service i Contact Us i Privacy Poky I terms et use 
cur Privacy 4 Goa: anteta We Atli never eve, Mai" or sell yorat personm oformitron. 
set 51e, wave um**. Sea 
?cc* ta nun, defferen1 C:40,6, 4 Yiftj not ...a-et a wart .:WI to match 
http://www.dandydocks.com/jet-ski/colors.htm 
7/9/20 1 0 
EFTA00591308

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591309.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591309.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarters Suite 8-3 St. Thomas VI 00802-1348 
E-mail 
Wire Transfer Request Form 
Date of Request 8/3/10 
Amount Requested:1$3,600.00 
Payee 
Scott Graf 
Bank Name 
As on File 
Bank Account: 
IAs on File 
Requested By: 
Purpose / Description: 
Payee 
Address: 
Bank 
Address: Mon File 
Payment of Statement dated 8/2/10 - Maintenance 
Payment of Statement dated 7/30/10 - JEE Projects 
Special Notes / Instructions: 
G/ L Account Information: 
G / L Description: Irrigation 
G/ L Number: 
60035g 
Authorization 
EiNri-CL 940 
EFTA00591309
--- PAGE 2 ---
SCOTT GRAF 
6501 Red Hook Plaza, Suite 201 
St Thomas, USVI 00802 
August 2,2010 
TO: 
Little St ames 
ATTN: 
Emad Hanna 
Daphne Wallace 
RE: 
Irrigation repairs an ma ntenance
TIME: 
S 1600.00 
A total for work performed and completed with 2 men @ S400 per day for 7/23, 7/26, 7/30 & 8/2 
7/23 
men 
Today we opened upper valves in AM. We repaired (1) head by rock wall #6 (service 
road). All timers are off due to heavy rains. We covered all pipes at Octagon house. 
We repaired LS-  pipe damaged by back hoe. 
7/26 
men 
We turned water on after weekend shut down (due to rain). We filled in washed out 
pipes by service road. We reset controller to run PM program. 
7/30 
men 
We rest distribution pump to run 42/56 psi. We capped off pipe under stairway. We 
up controller relocated behind gym. We repaired pipe above nursery road. 
8/2 
men 
_powered 
All zones ran over the weekend. We synchronized upper and beach controllers. We 
located pipe line for irrigation damaged by trac hoe. We capped off (2) pipes damaged 
by Master bedroom step in the PM. 
TOTAL FOR THIS INVOICE - $1600.00 
APPROVED FOR 
LI TTLE ST JAMES 
PAYNEN 
fi CC
IOr
asi 
hi 
Nip t\At: 
trifOCOOk LI 4,4 - fir 
EFTA00591310
--- PAGE 3 ---
SCOTT GRAF 
6501 Red Hook Plaza, Suite 201 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
July 30, 2010 
TO: 
ATTN: 
RE: 
Little St ames 
Emad Hanna 
Daphne Wallace 
Irrigation repairs and additions for tree relocation & hydroseed project BE project).
TIME: 
S 2000.00 
A total for work performed and completed with 2 men @ 5400 per day for 7/20, 7/22, 7/27, 7/28 & 
7/29 
7/20 
men 
Peter dug around(2) large Coco palms and damaged 1.5" main pipeline and control 
cable at VIP drivewaLbase. WE shut down water @ Sit valve box. Heavy rains 
7/22 
men 
We located (2) 1.5" fittings and piping damaged by back hoe We covered 1" stub out by 
bypass road. We ran 60' of 1.5" pipe and installed (2) hose bibes by octagon house 
hydroseed area. We trenched across gravel and we pressure tested all piping. We shut 
down system in PM. 
7/27 
men 
Today we ran 60' f 1.5" pipe to repair damages from 8/19 when 93) large Cow palms 
were removed by VIP entrance from beach. We set up to run all zones in PM. We 
capped off all )5" and %" pipes dug up at root base and walls. 
7/28 
men 
We drilled and anchored (2) controllers behind Gary's panel was relocated. We also 
installed 2" check and reunion at new distribution pump for Aaron/Smiley and 
reconnected suction and pressure for start up. 
7/29 
men 
Today we ran bananas slope and helo turf after mowers cut grass for PM program. 
We repaired 1" pipe Peter damaged by water fall rocks. We wired new 32 station 
controller at relocation. We had to turn off water (20 times after construction damaged 
service pipe at foundation. 
TOTAL FOR THIS INVOICE - $2000.00 
LITTLE SF JAMES 
APPROVED FOR PAYMENT 
fc- 
, 
Girk\6O±-c Roma 
EFTA00591311

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591312.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591312.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarters Suite 8-3 St. Thomas, VI 00802-1348 TI 
E-mail: Isj.Island@grnall.com 
Wire Transfer Request Form 
Date of Request 8-11-10 
Amount Requested: 
Payee: 
S1,575.00 
Atlanta Refrigeration Service _ 
Bank Name: 
[Regions Bank 
Bank Account: 
Requested By: an 
Purpose / Description: 
Payee 
Addres 
silleTi 
Bank 
Address: 
1900 Scenic Highway 
Snellville 
GA 30078 
PM Service 7/26/10 -51,480.00 
Quote Work Cottages x 3 - $95.00 
Special Notes / Instructions: 
Routing 8061101375 
G / L Account Information: 
G / L Description: Air Conditioning 
G/L Numtier: 
60155e 
Authorization Fri 
.2iillha 
EFTA00591312
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00591313
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00591314
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00591315
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00591316
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00591317
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00591318
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00591319
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00591320
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00591321
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00591322
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00591323
--- PAGE 13 ---
EFTA00591324
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00591325
--- PAGE 15 ---
EFTA00591326
--- PAGE 16 ---
EFTA00591327
--- PAGE 17 ---
EFTA00591328
--- PAGE 18 ---
EFTA00591329
--- PAGE 19 ---
EFTA00591330

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591331.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591331.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jan uq vo 
p 
LINO oi.4ames 
04V/ /00 IVO 
M. 
Approval/Purchase Items/Payment Request Form 
Date of R  uest:
Status: 
Inventory: 
Other: 
Item/Items Requested: 
e—A-rs TOSS , 
( sr-
Purchase Price: /
 js-, — 
Tax: 
Shipping: 
CO're„_C-iN,4 
110V. '-- 
Other: 
:—
Total Expected Cost: 
5  p 
c4-(
Deposit Required? 
No: 
Payment Method: 
House Account: 
c_____F_redit Card: 
List Dept: 
. 
Purpose/Description: --r; 
d e_
A„ s 
IQ° Rid 
/ 14-#4-"> 
Company Name: 
Purchased From 
, 
lC 
Web Site: 
r» 
. 
--ar-1 
Reauested By: ri) 
6.5-4"/YS 
o 
Time Frame for Purchase/Repair: 
PP ' 
cfrq 
— 
Special Instructions: 
Attach Ouote: 
S 4 /PP) 
Check: 
(Yes.„„) 
Competitive Quotes Obtained? 
Yes: 
If No, Why Not: 
Authorization: 
No: 
-b0•e-,0; i( 
ovs-r- o l ci 
" 
drA 
LA) 
l' e," -4- ee 
£.-)11/ 
r-1 ;ek--) C4,6 
Ass 
EFTA00591331
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jan 1° 08 09:45a 
Little St.James LLC 
14:22 JRN 
CMOS 
I-IX NU: bll.b4.G 
3407758108 
p.2 
941717 meat: d/G 
Ecologica Carmelo Inc. 
PO BOX 1052 
na 
Puerto Rico 00952 
Ext. 0000 
Bill To: 
QUOTATION 
CARLOS RODRIGUEZ 
Ship To: 
Quote 
OTE421 
Date 
1/17/2006 
Page 
CARLOS RODRIGUEZ 
ST. THOMAS 
ST. THOMAS 
(000) 000-0000 Ext COCO 
Purchase Order No. 
Customer ID 
Salesperson ID 
Shipping Method 
Payment Terns 
Req Ship Dale Master No. 
CARLOSRODRIGUEZ 
DELIVERY 
0/0/00110 
22,786 
Quantity 
hem Number 
Description 
UOM 
Discount 
Unit Price 
Ext. Price 
3,000 881E 
801.1180NI 13/4 TERRP.C,OTA" 
EA 
$0.00 
$0.69 
$2,070.00 
.., 
. 
$2,070.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
ie 
d
z
• 
$1 50.00 
$0.00 
gailgtai 
$2,220.00 
Aceptado Por: 
EFTA00591332
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00591333

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591334.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591334.pdf
----------------------------------------
LAFAYETTE CONTRACTORS, LLC 
FACSIMILE TRANSMITTAL COVER SHEET 
DATE: 
January IS. 2008 
PAGES SENT: 
. .. 
.. 
FROM: William Rowles 
CLIENT NO.: 
TO: Emad 
FAX NO.: I-212-750-22408 
FIRM: NYSE 
TEL. NO.: 
CITY: 
STATE: 
Emad - 
Purchase order to Motion Industries. 
Please arrange payment. 
Thanks! 
WHS. 
\,a-QA 
fus-AIN" 53 
Qr-' &Lit b1C 
)9 og 
(Tel) 
(Fax) 
EFTA00591334
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00591335
--- PAGE 3 ---
• 
ubrb rostage Kate Latctuator 
Page 1 of 1 
a 
UNITED STATES 
a- t POSTAL SERVICE* 
Skip Navigation Nom 
Postage Rate Calculator 
Domestic Services 
Mailing Services 
Speed 
Price 
.... . 
r Express Malt® 0 
Oltereight AO_ roespreas 
$9255 
: ?po.e/F41r 3,. 
r Priority Mane (D 
days 
36.80 
:Aye Arerreer > ' 
r Priority Mae' Flat Rate Box 0 
days 
8.95 
. PdrePeilejai ; 
_____........ 
r Parcel Poste 0 
satitignammasuutaysine. 
r Media Mail. 0 
Unable to determine 
Unable to determine 
26.27 
12.67 
BalttdOODS_APPlY 
I< Start own 
<Bra 
site_Map Ceatacthe 
E01/111 Govt ServICSO liStile 
I National & P_ellMier.ACCRWOM 
Copy fight .U1999-2006 USPS. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy No FEAR Act EEO Data 
eh Postal Magnum 
aramolgainiggdig 
Pmarvingituarust 
614162- 4-o 008'02 
Lan
, F"tirt 1-0 
6C{(0/2_, - 2.0t 
http://postcalc.usps.gov/MailServices.aspx?Country=Domestic&M=2&P=32&O-- 0&OZ=... 
1/15/2008 
EFTA00591336
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00591337
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00591338

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591339.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591339.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ 
Approval/Purchase Items/Payment Request Form 
Date of Request: 
1-22-08 
Status: 
Urgent: 
Inventory: 
Item/Items Requested: 8 Pallets 8" Concrete Blocks 
Purchase Price: 
$135.00/pallet 
$1,080.00 
shipping, tax and 
Our Truck 
150.00 
all related costs. 
Lafayette Barge 
225.00 
Total Expected Cost: 
$1,455.00 
Deposit Required? Yes: 
No: 
List Dept: 
Purpose/Description: Walls for New Locker Room and Misc. projects 
Purchased From: MSI 
Company Name & 
Address or Web Site 
St. Thomas 
Requested By: 
Dan Chipman 
Time Frame for 
Purchase/Repair: 
Special Instructions: 
Attach Quote: 
Yes: 
No: 
Were Competitive Quotes Obtained? 
Yes: 
No: 
If No, Why Not: 
Authorization: 
EFTA00591339

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591340.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591340.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jail 
LC Vt.) V1.4VG 
LILLIe OI.UarI 
b 
LLt-• 
1340//be1108 
p.1 
Date of Request: 
Status: 
ft,. 
Approval/Purchase Items/Pavment Request Form 
Ink 8 
Item/Items Requested: 
vakias 
, 
Purchase Price: ->-1 70.3 5 
Tax: 
Shipping: Le 23. 
Other: St ip: 
'b
Total Expected Cost 4(0 444 q • 
Deposit Required? 
Yes: 
No; 
Payment Method: 
House Account: 
Credit Card: y 
1List 
-Le 
c. e 
Inventory: 
'65 3 z 0. 'Or
5o. 
Other: K' 
Purpose/Description:
Coa- t Cfio x 
Purchased From 
Company Name: coosK q - Coo-4-
Web Site: 
.
Requested By: 
Time Frame for Purchase/Repair: 4-oAP 
Special Instructions: 
Attach Ouote: 
Yes: 3/
Competitive Quotes Obtained? 
Yes: 17
If No, Why Not: 
Authorization: 
Check 
4 Oka-)
IcL2d\
LA) oc)ci 5C1/4 of 
No: 
No: 
EFTA00591340
--- PAGE 2 ---
%PPII Le 
W 
‘I I .41 0 
LL4.r 
:54UllbalUo 
Epoxy Coat 
165 North Gratiot 
Mount Clemens, MI 48043 
Name / Address 
Bowe White 
U/M 
: 
Rate 
Estimate 
•
Date 
Estimate # 
' 
lit 8/2008 
105 
Protect 
Description 
Gallon Drum Kit: Grey 
• Drum Valves 
Freight Shipping via Saia Motor Freight 
flty 
Total 
5,320.95 
5.320.05T 
25.00 
50.00T 
623.58' 
623.58T 
Subtotal 
Sales Tax (0.0%) 
Total 
$5,994.53 
50.00
55.994.53 
• 
EFTA00591341

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591342.pdf
----------------------------------------
Invoice 
Number 
7449485 
Amerlean Motel Renner 
Co 
100 S
luaulcoo Ave 
Vernon Elf. 
it 60061 
mentos address 
ZORRO DEV CORPORATION 
ZORRO RANCH RD 
SANTA FE NM 875O7 
Thy. data 
11/13/07 
Gunman miter 
87056ZDC 
Due data 
12/14/07 
Order number 
7178882 
TIMM of payment 
/N28 
Order data 
1O/O9/O7 
CustomerIli. 
I 
NG 
salesman 
Brad Desch 
ordered by 
ri GORDON 
EFTA00591342

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591343.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591343.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00591343
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00591344
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00591345
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00591346
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00591347
--- PAGE 6 ---
COMMERCIAL THERMAL SOLUTIONS 
Worthington Avenue 
Spring Lake, NJ 07762 
USA 
Date 
2/192008 
Invoice 
Invoice 0 
18143 
EFTA00591348

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591349.pdf
----------------------------------------
rage i of 
Records Listed For: EMAD from 02/13/2008 to 02/13/2008 
From 
LESLEY 
10:51AM 
Message 
yes RE: Brinsley is requesting approval for $ 8,633 to purchase 6-8 
months supply of va... Orignal Message: Brinsley is requesting 
approval for $ 8,633 to purchase 6-8 months supply of various 
fertilizers and insecticide. 
Phone Done 
Mark Checked Messages as Read 
COMMINI OEMS eiNIS IMPIEWR. tramPIPPLA 
Copyright (c) 2000.2004, Epstein Interests, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
http://domsrv0l/foxhaven/wc.dll?Gmax—MsgElink 
2/13/2008 
EFTA00591349
--- PAGE 2 ---
LSJ, LLC 
Approval/Purchase Items/Payment Request Form 
Date of Request: Feb 12 
Status: Not urgent 
Inventory: supplies of fertilizer etc 
Other 
Item/Items Requested: 
6-8 month supply of fertilizers to replenish low stocks: 
Purchase Price: $7,771.30 
Tax: 
Shipping: $862.00 
Other: 
Total Expected Cost $8,633.30 
Plus cost of Tropical shipping 7,800 lbs/5 skids 
from Riviera beach to LSJ. 
Deposit Required? 
LSJ has an account 
Payment Method: 
House Account yes 
List Dept: landscaping 
Yes: 
Credit Card: 
Purpose/Description:
6-8 months fertilizer supplies etc: 
• 
Merit is our main systemic insecticide to control leaf pests 
l
a' . 
. 
fl
it 
•
•6•••6• 
••••
.
i
t 
•
• 
No:X 
Check: 
EFTA00591350
--- PAGE 3 ---
F 
Redland Supply 
24852 SW 177 Ave. 
Homestead 
FL 
33031 
'Oka: 
(305) 245-7246 
ax: 
(305) 245-7251 
Duplicate 
Sold To: 
HYSG 
Ship to:
ST JAMES 
LITTLE ST. JAMES ISIAND 
6100 V) BOOK Q 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS B3 
ST. T 
VD
WV 
SST. THOMAS, NY 
115'0100802 
USA 
Inman 
is B3 
00802 
Invoice 
Invoice Number: 
87230 
Invoice Date: 
Mar 25, 2008 
Page: 
Customer ID 
Customer PO 
Payment Terms 
NTS100 
Sales Rep ID 
Shipping Method 
S1% Date 
Due Date 
US Mail 
3/4/08 
3/25/08 
I 
Quadty 
Item 
Deser)ptfon
Unit Pelee 
Extension 
100.00SPE-429415 
11/2 SXS COUP 
0.33 
33.01 
50.0045PE401-015 
1/2 SXSXS PVC TEE 
R72 
36.01 
50.010E.401-010 
" SXSXS PVC TEE 
0.38 
19.01 
910099
3T 
0.61 
30.51 
23.0099 
OCC 
0.42 
10.5$ 
2.0099 
SOLO ADP 
1396 
37.9 
1.00 SP-4 
BIRD TIMER 
122.14 
122.1 
3.00 SP-MODULE 
IN BIRD MODULE 
23.93 
86.9 
PED PRIORITY MAIL 
LOO 
boxes shipped 
91.00 
91.0 
—V44- Q- 
(a_11 ' -4
Subtotal 
467. 0
Sales Tax 
I 
Freight 
itdra- 
Total 
E 
Inv' 
Amount 
467.0 
<1 9; d 0°  
Payment/ 
it Applied 
467.0 
TOTAL 
Check/Credit Memo No: 
me will add finance charges on invoices more than 30 dhy s overdue. 
i . 
EFTA00591351

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591352.pdf
----------------------------------------
Date 
Fuel Type 
Prepaid 
Amount 
Price per 
Gallon 
Num of 
Gallons 
Invoice# 
Purchases 
Purchases 
Purchases 
Remaining 
5/27/2008 
Desiel 
$ 24,030.00 
$ 8,010.00 
$ 
- 
$ 
- 
$ 
4.005 
$ 4.005 
$ 4.005 
$ 4.005 
6,000 
2,000 
• 
31732 
$ 16,020.00 
4,000 
Date 
Fuel Type 
Prepaid 
Amount 
Price per 
Gallon 
Num of 
Gallons 
Invoicett 
5/27/2008 Premium 
$ 9,132.00 S 
3.805 
2,400 
Purchases 
$ 3,044.00 $ 3.805 
800 
31734 
Purchases 
$ 
3.805 
Purchases 
S 3.805 
Remaining 
$ 6,088.00 
1,600 
Total Remaining 
$ 22,108.00 
5,600 
EFTA00591352
--- PAGE 2 ---
Caribbean Petroleum, Inc. 
PO Box 305300 
St Thomas, VI 00803 
340.777.3875 
Bill To 
LSJ LLC 
Invoice 
Date 
Invoice # 
6/19/2008 
31734 
■. No. 
Terms 
Project 
Pre Pay 
Quantity 
Description 
Rate 
Amount 
800 Premium 93 Gasoline No Tax Ticket#45300 800 gallons 
@ Prepay $3.805 
3.805 
3,044.00 
Total 
$3,044.00 
EFTA00591353
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00591354
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00591355
--- PAGE 5 ---
Caribbean Petroleum, Inc. 
PO Box 305300 
St Thomas, VI 00803 
340.777.3875 
To: 
LSJ LLC 
Statement 
Date 
6/19/2008 
Amount Due 
Amount Enc. 
$-22,104.62 
Date 
Transaction 
Amount 
Balance 
06/19/2008 
06/19/2008 
INV #31732. Due 06/19/2008. 
Ticket#45299 - 2000 gallons prepay @$4.005 
--- 1 Marine No Tax Diesel, 2,000 @ $4.005 = 
8,010.00 
INV #31734. Due 06/19/2008. 
Premium 93 Gasoline No Tax Ticket#45300 800 
gallons @ Prepay $3.805 
--- 5 Premium Gasoline No Tax, 800 @ $3.805 = 
3,044.00 
8,010.00 
3,044.00 
-25,148.62 
-22,104.62 
CURRENT 
1-30 DAYS PAST 
DUE 
31-60 DAYS PAST 
DUE 
61-90 DAYS PAST 
DUE 
OVER 90 DAYS 
PAST DUE 
Amount Due 
-22,104.62 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
$-22,104.62 
Page 2 
EFTA00591356

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591357.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ, LLC 
LITTLE ST. JAMES 
C/O AMERICAN YACHT HARBOR 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS, B-3 
ST. T 
Tel: 
To: 
From: 
Date: 
Re: 
Hedy Szabo 
First Bank 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
May 27, 2008 
Transfer of funds: L 
C 
Account 
Please transfer THREE THOUSAND DOLLARS (S 3,0).0.00) from the above account to: 
Bank Name: 
Bank Address: 
For the account on 
Please call Jeanne Brennan at 
First Bank 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Is1;irls 
Scott Graf 
59-0006849 
f you have 
y questions. 
EFTA00591357
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00591358
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00591359

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591360.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ, LLC 
6100 Red Hook 
der. II-3. Si. Thomas. USVI 00802-1348 
T 
Date of Request:5-30-08 
Requested By: A M 
Time Frame for Purchase/Repair:A S A P 
Urgent:X 
Inventory: 
Other: 
Item/Items Requested:Differential 
Purpose/Description:Lull Lift 
Company Name:United Rental 
Website or Special Purchase Instructions:561-616-5000 Gary 
Purchase Price:2875.00 
Tax: 193.38 
Shipping Cost: (Attach Quote)100.00 
368.66 
Other: 
Ship Via:FED EX 
Total Expected Cost:3537.04 
Deposit Required?Yes: $ 
or  
% 
No: 
Payment Method: 
House Acct, to be billed: 
Check: 
Wire Transfer: 
Credit Card of Requester: 
LSJ Company Card:EMAD 
Quote Attached: 
Yes:X No: 
Competitive Quotes Obtained? 
Yes: 
No:X 
If No, Why Not:Our Dealer 
Authorization: 
Lance 5/30 
EFTA00591360
--- PAGE 2 ---
U 03 2003 ILE 14:32 FAX 
a
United 
Rentals 
0-UR Rents (800.877.3687) 
LOCATION Ana 
3250 ro<17 4.5771 STALE 
CASH 
3250 W 45TH STREET 
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401 
Office: 
Job: 
CASH 
3250 W 45TH STREET 
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401 
002.002 
SALE QUOTE 
74053271 
Cuet0Mer Number a iR 1.004695001 
(biota Date 
: 5/29/08 
2:91 PM 
Job Location, 
Job Number
Slit
Number I 
red By ; 
Written By : UR6980A 
Salesperson : 7461
Qty Item number 
Stock class 
unit 
Price 
Amount 
DIFPSRRNTIAL 
JLG 
EA 
2875.000 
2875.00 
10837020 
UM: (RA) EACH 
i FREIGHT ON PARTS 
ra PARTS 
MCI 
EA 
100.000 
100.00 
UM: (EA) EACH 
Sub-total: 2975.00 
Tax: 
193.38 
Istinstod Total, 3168.38 
Nolo: This p/sPOSSI MST ho wklukimn II not acooptod within 30 days. 
THIS IS NOT A BYE AERFani•NrinsvOsce THt ITErAS ORM 400W ARE SUBJECT TO AVNLADIUTY NC ACCEPTANCE OS TICTEMA AND CONDITIONS Or UNITED'S RALE 
ACHNIMENTANVOiCE. minx: MUST OC Str.s/ED PRIOR TO OR VPs: ocuvtny Or TIC AllOvr LISTED IMES. 
Page: 
EFTA00591361
--- PAGE 3 ---
vv 
11111 11.00 red 
LJU.: UL.L 
if- 
United" 
lea Rentals 
41R Rents (800-877-361171 
lotrm4TIOV IWO 
I 11 War ins. mart 
venni 
111111 
CASH 
250 W 45DH STREET 
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401 
Office: 
Job: 
CASH 
3250 W 45TH STREET 
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401 
Oty 
SALE QUOTE 
74053271 
Cumtomer Number : SO 100469SUE. 
QUOGO Data 
I 
5/29/00 
2;31 We 
Job Location: 
 Number : 
I 
. NUMbez : 
I 
Ord 
a 
01613100
ared 
% B 
Ay 
y : 088900A 
I 
Ilalsaupstscon A 
7461 
......-.. ... .. 
............-..- 
'tam number 
Stock class 
Unit 
Price 
ZIZZ -1 
DEPPERBISIAL 
10037026 
UM: (EA) EACH 
YRICIGHT OK PARTS 
JLG 
NCI 
EA 
IA 
2075.000 
100.000 
2075.00 
100.00 
ER PARTS 
Ma :CA) RAVI 
Sub-80641: 2915.00 
Tax: 
195.38 
Cot/mated 
.30 
EFTA00591362

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591363.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591363.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00591363
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00591364
--- PAGE 3 ---
LSJ, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarter. Ii 3. St. Thomas. USVI 0CTh2 1348 
F: 
Date of Request: 6/5/08 
Requested By: Lance 
Time Frame for Purchase/Repair: ASAP 
Urgent: 
Inventory: 
Other: X 
Item/Items Requested: 2- 20 foot containers for LSJ , storage and hurricane 
prep. 
Purpose/Description: Storage and preparation for hurricane on LSJ 
Company Name: American Export 
Website or Special Purchase Instructions: 
Purchase Price: 2 x $1800.00 
Tax: 
Shipping Cost: (Attach Quote) 
$100 
Ship Via: 
Other: 
Total Expected Cost: 
S4700.00 
Deposit Required?Yes: $ 
Payment Method: 
House Acct, to be billed: 
Check: 
Wire Transfer: 
X 
Credit Card of Requester: 
LSJ Company Card: 
Quote Attached: 
Yes:X No: 
or 
Competitive Quotes Obtained? 
Yes: X 
No: 
If No, Why Not: 
Authorization: 
Lance 6/5/08 
0/0
1'1 
/c\-C th/os 
No: 
EFTA00591365
--- PAGE 4 ---
457 Madison Ave 
New York. NY 10022 
Fax 
Maren Calloway 
LSJ, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarters, B-3 
St. 
100802 
T: 
F-
EFTA00591366

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591367.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591367.pdf
----------------------------------------
M. I 
LSJ, LLC 
6100 Red Hook 
amr. B-3. St Thomas. CSVI 00802-1343 
Date of Request June 06, 2008 
Requested By: Julie 
Time Frame for Purchase/Repair: 
Urgent:❑ 
Inventory: K 
Other: K 
Item/Items Requested: 
bags Metro Mix 
25.00 
1000.00 
bags Pro Mix 
40.00 
1600.00 
bags mulch 
6.00 
300.00 
baqs stones 
9.50 
190.00 
$3090.00 
Purpose/Description: Nursery supplies: Soil for Pop's Garden and 
propagation purposes; mulch and stones for general use around JE house. 
Company Name: ABC Nursery 
Website or Special Purchase Instructions: 
Purchase Price: $3090.00 
Tax: 
Shipping Cost: (Attach Quote) 
Other: 
Total Expected Cost: 53090.00 
Ship Via: 
Deposit Required?Yes:O $ 
or 
Payment Method: 
House Acct, to be billed: X Check: 
Wire Transfer: 
Credit Card of Requester: 
Quote Attached: Yes:O 
No:O 
Competitive Quotes Obtained? 
Not 
LSJ Company Card: 
Yes: K 
No: El 
EFTA00591367
--- PAGE 2 ---
rage l On I 
Records Listed For: EMAD from 06/09/2008 to 06/09/2008 
From 
Message 
Phone Done 
]EE 
1:35PM 
LS.) requesting approval for $ 3,090 to purchase soil for Pop's Garden 
and mulch and stones for use around main house. Okay 
Mark Checked Messages as Read 
Onti 
la.mor* 'Emma 4mEme) Owinnfii tair 
Copyright (c) 2000.2004, Epstein Interests, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
http://domsrv0 I /foxhaven/wc.dll?Gmax—MsgEl ink 
6/9/2008 
EFTA00591368

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591369.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ, LLC 
6100 Red !-i<x)- 
- • 
" ' WY802-1348 
Date of Request: 6-10-08 
Requested By: A M 
Time Frame for Purchase/Repairasap 
Urgent: 
Inventory: 
Other: repair , stock 
Item/Items Requested:seal kits 
Purpose/Description: IHI Trachos 
Company Name:IHI compact excavators 
Website or Special Purchase Instructions:18005381447 Jason 
Purchase Price:1531.15 
Tax: 
Shipping post. (Attach Quote) 
Other i x  /4 /ie • K c /hos
Total Expected Cost 
. 
Ship Via: 
Eice, 
79, / 9 .t  
— CA-Ito-a 
Deposit Required?Yes: $ 
or 
Payment Method: 
House Acct, to be billed: 
Check: 
Credit Card of Requester: 
Quote Attached: Yes:XX 
No: 
Competitive Quotes Obtained? 
If No. Why NM-Our desalar 
IWO 
No: 
ova
Wire Transfer: 
LSJ Company Ca 
o:XX 
Ema4—ci 
71-ist 
EFTA00591369
--- PAGE 2 ---
COMPACT EXCAVATOR SALES LLC 
FAX 
Date: o--G-4 
Tcl 41/5 
Jot 
_Z-Ad 
From; Jason Phillips, Product Su 
Total Pages 1v/Cover: 
440 Production Court, PO. Sax 667 ' 
.C667 
a es Department Fax 
Parts Department Fax 
wnnoo Wen inpactexcavator.:orn 
Om/ 027/ sev/ 41 AllA efidrr- 
t$G5.-fy 
 l3c 4
e757s p7/ 5rd 42 / 
aro, 474;idier 
`??. 2..?6. 
 ! 6-4, 
C3 0757? ?5.7/ 
5,4-/// ,6eiel ex/;pli r 
/ ? ??h- 
 (R. ,' 
07588 739/ 
;-4-/ 4/ 
1--- 
cfecio, 5.1,1' ey7,-,o- ,  i'7.?(R I - 7 5,c
07570 ..?577 fea/t/. Ik efi
de 
lek 
47/y °5g ,2 agi, 
.- 16.7 7 71 77 
kre-5 • ate /oar  co/ ted 
7:4.44 
&o.) 
fro 775- pie 
• /4O/!exf 
‘go-/W 
• 
EFTA00591370
--- PAGE 3 ---
zsE7 
COMPACT EXCAVATOR SALES LLC 
000 Production Courlip. Box 667 
Elitabeduown KY 42 
0667 
SalesDepartment 
Parts DoporIrnent Fa 
• 
WWW•ihiCarrpaCt.<2VitOr.COM 
From: Jason Phillips, Product Support.S ecialist 
Fax: 
Total Pages w/Cover: 
Comments: 
075,27 .216K 
e7.5,-?7 .??07 
fec/ cf;ly 
Oh 
Yfe
's//e 
0. 06775,z7 
/ply-
07527 2607 
fe6.7„,;,/ 
076 -factLi9o7
rgsir 
1372/ 
OZ 
it 57 0.2 
Xier'Y ate lmft cv5/ati 
713. , Z 
14,'1-1 
' 6 
EFTA00591371

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591372.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591372.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ, LLC 
6100 Red Li 
- 
- 
' 
802-1348 
Date of Request: 6-11-08 
Requested By: AM 
Time Frame for Purchase/Repair:asap 
Urgent 
Inventory: 
Other: repair 
Item/Items Requested:bucket teeth adap. retainers 
Purpose/Description: both cat trachos 
Company Name:Heavyquip larry brown 
Website or Special Purchase Instructions: 
Purchase Price:3186.30 
Tax: 
Shipping Cost: (Attach Quote))C 
Other: r_.4. 
Total Expected Cost: 33 S 7, 3 
Deposit Required?Yes: $ 
or 
Payment Method: 
House Acct, to be billed: 
Check: 
Credit Card of Requester: 
Quote Attached: 
Yes:X No: 
Ship Vialrop. Id 7O/, 
Wire Transfer: 
LSJ Company C 
Competitive Quotes Obtained? 
Yes: 
No:X 
If No, Why Not:OUR DEALER 
Authorization: 
No: 
l'd 
L 89LLOV£ L 
r.S1 
SAL 80 7A, unr 
EFTA00591372
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jun 12 Ut3 1U:b0a 
LSJ 
13407758108 
p.2 
• pe nip %Pude 
se 
' 
z 
. IPL 
f4ld 
%n 
' QZ 
"DatAt..1-
. 
• /0/ 
..,dais- 4 5 a : 
. alasi1- . 
. 
. 
I
. 
al -in 
- fits- O NO' 
CIL V/ Ohal,C 
'LEI-, 
' 
W ,1 • 
• • 
• aritrap 
obv5- pets c-JW 
' 
; fl ti / 
OS -15 
• 
• Cf! N. 
6c 4,-n rt 
I i 
PPL 
• 
. •3/4
11141 . .= 
. 
114Welle1/41 
"ono 
CMiltialfle 
EltAIMPOISStrismtil 
IFTEWAS Th
i.o4 
nen 
tavOtitfratil ;IOWA 
' lawns nye 
nacnk ae:«1 
3111r2L1S 
/130Ors 
otAdgis 
3siiIPPY 
=um Auodunj 
Olcilkg 
- 
:#liaD 
• 
:# m3 
14ci
. 
:# 
WS? C171. 
 5-7.1r 
r
 in 
. . 
 
:asiPPY 
anuoig Autodtikto 
Arnie 
aeati utionpria Oar 
snag 
snittitiewpai 
4.11Naati. •I 
EFTA00591373
--- PAGE 3 ---
Tropical 
mimerPINC 
InforIclo. of Service 
Quote Nbr:APZT5733124011 
Custom en Little St. lamas 
Contact: Aron Mcginnis 
Phone:
Port of Load:port of Palm Beach Seaport, FL 
Quota 04W:12-Jun-200B 
Port of Disch:Crown Bay Seaport (St Thomas), United States Virg, 
Est. Rev. Date:0S-lun-2008 
Commodity:CARGO NOS 
Prepared Sys Denisecia M. Clarke 
Pricing information contained herein is an estimate of charges based cn information provided by the recipient. 
The estimate of charges is based on current tariff information which is subject to change without notice. Ali 
charges should be re-verified prior to shipment. 
Rated: 82051.4 
Commodity: CARGO NOS 
Place of Receipt Port of Palm Beach Seaport, FL 
Final Destination: Crown Bay Seaport (St Thomas), United States Virgl 
Pate Summary: Rate Basis: LS Service: SS Load: LCL - C/. 
Rate Description: LS,$SZ/Shpmt-LTL NA,SS,C/L,WHZ [Eft:03/01/08: 
Charge 
Base Amount 
Quantity 
Amount 
D=ean Cnarg a 
52.00/35 
52.00 
Insurance 
49.00 
49.00 
Total Amount : $101.90 
• Rate is applicable for shipments 6-15 CFT and cargo weight rot to exceed 750 Lbs. Rate includeS 8/L, Busker, 
Security & SED Fees. 
• insuranxt Is calculated On (53.200 , Freight plus 20% )al the rate $1.25 per 5100 of rat {MO:$30} 
• The ITN number born Ire electronically fat Shippers Export Drictatatbn (SED) or pie proper exerrodon statement must be 
peewee on your Profonna Bill of Lading cc leiter of instrublion by the estabeshed oocumentation cul.off. Addidonal 
charges will apply ii Tragical Stepping is required to act as your SED Ming agent. 
• Insurance is auto aticalry applied at an additional cost. ureess (sue of instruction or proforma states othentisa. 
Thank you for allowing Tropical Shipping the opportunity to quote on your business. Should 
you have any questions or if we can be of further assistance. please contact Customer 
Service at (800) 83S-8787. 
Page 1 of 1 
gd 
LOSLLOPC1 
rgi 
encnt on 71 unr 
EFTA00591374

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591375.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00591375
--- PAGE 2 ---
I 
DATE: 
6/16/08 
BRANCH: 
"Weg 
BEACH336317-000 
**NOTICE: PLEASE REMIT 
R 
E NYSG 
NT 
T0 457 MAD/SON AVE 
E NEW YORK, NY 10022 
D 
Job Location: 
la Mai« 
.
.
.
.
.
.
REMIT 10: 
NEF? RENTAL, INC. 
PO BOX 405138 
30384-5138 
ES QV0TE 
PAYMENTS ONLY - TO ABOVE ADDRESS 
H 
pT 
R O
E 
D 
___ ..DeEeOTeeOe 
6/16/08 11:01AM 
.DATE AND TIME IULE/SE0 
. 
. 
116.TE/iO TINS RETURVED 
7/16/08 
AM 
" da:phf8itelfek 
.00 
eS;KJP.Wati€:: 
--
LANCE rwreerwAY - LSJ 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS B3 
SAINT THOMAS, VI 00801 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS B3, SAINT THOMAS Job NuMber: 1 - LANCE CALLOK 
nemmomd 
9940180 
PHONE 
212-891-6414 
0ADERED BY 
PURCHASE ORDER 11 
MAD 
REQUEST PO NUMBER 
EST NATED DATE TO SE HETURNED 
TEHMS 
Net - 10 Days 
SALESNIPPI 
299 
Terr: 
DATE FIENTAL SECPHS 
7/16/08 
Skty. Item number, 
Unit 
Price 
BUT.,A - 100.114:MH_SEORT TrENGTH EA 
40.250 
:el in eeto Sn: vå0 1* Lens one crama set an ta un mien Mo 
L 
tounit Io lb ans 
,NILAG FOR CUSTOMER 
DNDITIONS ON THE OTHER SIDE 
TOTAL: 
441.01 
cePosr. 
NET DUE: 
kF140001 (051C2: 
rSi 
chou eo 9L unr 
Total 
120.75 
Th ceignent earfece 
U %WU p:marrc to
nociimed Cuerni eneento les NI MIS Mil 
t•TERNit_ 11SE t)NlY 
■ 
Sc
TERMS AND C 
90L9SLL0b£L 
EFTA00591376

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591377.pdf
----------------------------------------
Michael J. Glidden 
Invoice 
Electrical Services 
4716 Estate Mafolie #12 
St. Thomas. VI 00802 
9-23-08 
To: Lance Calloway 
Little St. James 
Re: Heli-pad / Gym Feeder Relocation 
Proposal Dated 9-8-08 
Lance, 
Based on the fact that I have delivered the conduit for the above referenced project and 
assuming that a formal acceptance of my proposal has been handed down, I offer this 
invoice for a 50% deposit of the quoted amount of $ 11,500.00. 
The total amount due is $ 5,750.00. 
If you have any questions please call me at 
Thank You, 
Michael J. Glidden 
Aa, 
r
fl
tv7 
1/, cra 
EFTA00591377
--- PAGE 2 ---
Michael J. Glidden 
Proposal 
Electrical Services 
4716 Estate Mafolie #12 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
To: Lance Calloway, LSJ 
Torn Mebuck, Lafayette 
Re: Heli-pad/ Gym Feeder Relocation 
9-8-08 O/C
8-“g" sla 
Gentlemen, 
The following is my proposal for the above referenced work. The scope of work to b 
performed is as follows: 
*Excavate existing junction boxes for Heli-pad and Gym near entrance columns at Heli-
pad road entrance. LSJ to provide excavation along with MJG labor. 
*Disconnect and remove existing wire in 2" Heli-pad conduit and 3" gym conduit from 
Engineering up to junction boxes. 
*Re-route existing conduits into new trench provided by LSJ running from existing 
junction boxes to new 3'x3' man-hole. 
*Install mix of new/existing conduit from 3'x3' man-hole to new large man-hole behind 
Engineering. Excavation by LSJ. 
*Install new 3" conduit from large man-hole to existing Transformer Disconnect Switch 
outside Engineering Office. 
*Re-install existing feeder wire for Heli-pad and Gym thru 3'x3' man-hole to large 
man-hole and into existing engineering panel for Heli-pad and to Trans. Disc. Sw. for 
Gym feeder. 
*Splices and new wire to be supplied as required. 
Total Cost S 11,500.00. 
If you have any questions please contact me at 340-344-4808. 
Thank You, 
EFTA00591378
--- PAGE 3 ---
Emad Hanna 
From: 
lance calloway 
Sent: 
Monda Se tell...1W 
To: 
: William Rowles; Emad Hanna 
Subject: 
en approva 
To all parties, 
Charles is on LSJ at this moment and has seen the work that needs to be done with the re-running of electric 
from Glidden. He has given verbal approval and has asked that I let everyone know. 
Thanks 
Lance Callowa 
Cell 
Fax 
1_6'S 
EFTA00591379

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591380.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ, LLC 
GP ii tt-41 I Ingtk (2,urirr It k 
St . ny.m2. usvi (10802-1348 
Date of Request:1.09.09 
Requested By: AM 
Time Frame for Purchase/Repair: 
Urgent: 
Inventory:X 
Other: 
Item/Items Requested: batteries 
PurposolDescription:stock mach. 
Company Name: Neptune flshira 
Websito or Special Purchase Instructions: 
Purchase Price: 
1293.00 
Tax: 
Shipping Cost: (Attach Quote) 
Other: 
Ship Via: 1O1/41--Th‘\ 
Total Expected Cost: 
1293.00 
ley' n7 /0 Ted/  dt S tic)t-4 
Deposit Required?Yes: 
or 
% No: X 
Paymont Method: 
House Acct, to bo billed: X 
Wire Transfer: 
Credit Card of Requester: 
Quote Attached: Yes: X 
Check: 
Competitive Quotes Obtained? 
Yos: 
If No, Why Not:Our dealer 
Authorization: INA 
LSJ Company Card: 
NO: 
EFTA00591380
--- PAGE 2 ---
h‘V;UNN FISHING SUPPLIES 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS 
DUI. / 
ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 
SOllikEITTLE ST. JAMES.LLC 
To C/O FINANCIAL TRUST COMP 
6100 REum04.7A V..Amismo uJ 
ST. THOMAS. VI 00802 
CUOtO NO. 
600672 
Date 01/08/09 
Pays NO. 
Cyst 7742611 
Salesman SL 
Ship date 01/08/09 
PO No. BATTERIES 
Terms 
Quantity Unit 
Item Number 
Description 
Price Unit Extension 
EACH BATT C31 1231MP BATTERY, MARINE C31 RD 
195.00 EACH 
585.00 
EACH BATT 24 24MG 
BATTERY, MARINE M6 SEALED 
:26.00 EACH 
378.00 
J r../t 
• 
b.A.'LUKT, SIMP 
102.00 EA 
306.00 
EACH BATT POST ADAM• BATTERY C31 ADAPTER 
4.00 EACH 
12.00 
EACH BATT POST ADAM- BATTERY C31 ADAPTER 
4.00 EACH 
12.00 
• • • 
OUOTE 
int% 1 
Reg: 2 
One: 2 
Uer.KMX 
15:18 
. . . 
Cale Asks 
Sales Tax 
Total 
1.293.00 
.00 
1.293.00 
EFTA00591381
--- PAGE 3 ---
FW: LS) Items 
Page 1 of 2 
From: Emad Hanna < 
To: 
Subject: FW: LSJ Items 
Date: Man, 12 Jan 2O09 1:31 pm 
Emad Hanna 
Project Controller 
NSW Associates, Inc 
PO Box 4O0 
New York, NY 10150 
From: Jeffrey Epstein (maittoiletosatiaa@gmallicom) 
Sent: Monday, January 12, 2009 1:30 PM 
To: Emad Hanna 
Subject: Re: ISJ Items 
yes 
On Mon, Jan 12, 2009 at 1:22 PM, Emad Hanna 
Jeffrey. 
I received 3 requests from Aaron approved by Once. 
1) $ 1,293 for batteries for the gators purchased locally. 
wrote: 
2) $ 3,550.90 for spare pans for the hammers to have ready for breakdowns (sent via Tropical) 
3) $ 6,047.56 (parts totaling $ 3,247.56, repairs done In St. Thomas $ 2,500, shipping to St. Thomas 
estimated at S 300) 
Please provide approval if your ok with all requests. 
Thank you 
EFTA00591382

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591383.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591383.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ, LLC 
GUn Red I  
t uuttct BJ. Si. thotwas. USvi 00802.1348
Date of Roquost: 1-09-09 
Requested By: AM 
Time Frame for PurchaselRepair: 
Urgent: 
Inventory:X 
Other: 
ltomfitems Requested: oil 
Purpose/Description:R.O's 
Company Namo: Carib.Oil 
Websito or Special Purchase Instructions: 
Purchase Prico: 
1273.89 
Tax: 
Shipping Cost: (Attach Quote) 
Other: 
Ship Via: 
Total Expected Cost: 
1273.89 
Deposit Required?Yos: 
S 
or 
% No: 
Payment Method: 
House Acct, to bo billed: X 
Chock: 
Wire Transfor: 
Credit Card of Requester: 
Quote Attached: 
Yos: X 
LSJ Company Card: 
NO: 
Competitive Quotes Obtalnod? 
Yos: 
No:x 
If No, Why Not:Our DEater 
Authoriz
alicleS
n: 
$A4 
Imm:? 
EFTA00591383
--- PAGE 2 ---
CAR/8 OIL, INC. 
6100 RED HOOK OTRS 
SUITE 7 
ST. THCMAS, VI 00602 
So10kLITTLE ST. JAMRS .:,LC 
To C/O FINANCIAL TRUST COMP 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS 83 
ST. INCMAS. VI 00802 
Quote No. 
600510 
Date: 01/01/09 
rage NO. 
Cuat 7741611 
Ship date 01/06/09 
Salesman HOU 
PO No. ARRAN 
Terms 
Net on receipt 
Quantity Unit 
Item Number 
Description 
Price Unit Extenai0n 
DRUM 72207/5982 
REGAL P.4.O 150 
DRUM 7221659982 
RANDO RD 68 
556 
634.73 DRUM 
634.73 
550 
639.16 DRUM 
639.16 
• • • 
QUOTE 
• • • 
Str: 1 
Reg: 4 
Dry: 4 
Usr:ARK 
15:12 
341e Ask._ 
1,27).8, 
Sales Tax 
.00 
Total 
1,273.69 
EFTA00591384

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591385.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591385.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ, LL 
MAO Red Hook Quarter. B-3. &Alma USVI  00932-1118 
Date of Request: 1-09-09 
Roquo6tod By: AM 
Tirfto Frame for PurchasoiRepalr:XX 
Urgont: 
Inventory: 
Other: 
Item/Items Requested: Rebuild Kit 
PurposelDescription: Okada hydrolic rock hammer 
Company Namo: Okada America 
Website or Special Purchase Instructions: 
Purchase Price: 53247.56 
Tax: 
Shipping Cost (Attach Quote) 
Other: 5300 estimated 
Total Expoctod Cost: 53247.56 parts 
300.00 shipping 
2500.00 install 
$6047.56 
Deposit Required?Yos: 
Payment Method: 
House Acct, to bo billed: 
Ship Via: DHL, UPS 
or 
% No: X 
Check: X 
Wire Transfer: 
Credit Card of Requester: 
LSJ Company Card: 
Quote Attached: 
Yes: X 
No: 
Competitive Quotes Obtained? 
Yes: 
No: X 
If No, Why Not: OME 
Authorization: tow
it i‘
• 
517-
EFTA00591385
--- PAGE 2 ---
O Kik ID A
ANICUICA 
January 13, 2009 
Little St. James Island 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B-3 
St. Thomas US Virgin Islands 00802-1348 
RE: 
Wire Transfer Info. 
Attn: Emad Hanna: 
Listed below is the information requested to wire transfer the agreed amount of 
S3,662.22 into Okada America's checking account: 
Bank Name: 
WELLS FARGO 
15950 SE 8rd Drive 
Clackamas. 
97015 
Routing#: 
Checking Acet#: 
If you have any questions please contact me at the Clackamas, OR location, listed 
below. 
Sincerely, 
\1) -Nnt 
Donna Minton 
Office Administrator 
12950 S.E. Hwy. 212, Uldg. D • Clackamas, OR 97015 
904 Medina Rood • Mcdona, OH 44256 
EFTA00591386
--- PAGE 3 ---
OKADA 
A 1, 1 r 
I. ICA 
REMIT TO; 
12950 SE Hwy 212.104 I) 
Sunrise Business Puk 
CSOLO 
TO: 
Little St. James Island 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B-3 
St. Thomas US Virgin Islands 00802-1348 
INVOICE NUMBER: 
INVOICE DATE: 
PAGE: 
NWOO©fqd 
INV00046767 
1/13/2009 
SHIP 
TO: 
Little St. James Island 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B•3 
St. Thomas US Virgin Islands 00802-1348 
SHIP VIA 
UPS EXPRESS SVR 
GUST ID.  
P.O. NUMBER 
LSJ LLC 
AARON MCGUINESS 
SHIP DATE 
1/13/2009 
E DATE 
DUE DATE
1/13/2009 
OUR ORDER NO.  
ORD00056091 
TERMS 
Wire Transfer 
SALESPERSON 
HORCHLER 
ITEM NUMBER 
DESCRIPTION 
OUANTITY 
PRICE 
NET 
11A2-SK-A 
Seal kit (A) 
S973.11
S973.14 
11A2-SK-B 
Seal kit (B) 
$81.7: 
$81.73 
8N-18NR 
Front cap bushing 
i 
51,018.7E 
$1,019.76 
7SB 
Bushing ball (75 pcs) 
S56.00 
$56.00 
1525 
Rubber cap 
$9.2; 
$9.27 
U11.7A 
Shank bushing 
51,108.66 
$1,108.66 
SUBTOTAL 
: 
FREIGHT
PAYMENTS
TOTAL 
$3,247.56 
$414.66 
$0.00 
53.662.22 
\.. 
EFTA00591387
--- PAGE 4 ---
FW: LSJ Items 
Page 1 of 2 
From: Emad Hanna <enanna@hbrkassociates.com> 
To: enileatoreaoLcom 
Subject: FW: LSJ Items 
Dato: Mon, 12 Jan 2009 1:31 pm 
Emad Hanna 
Project Controller 
HBRK Associates, Inc 
PO Box 400 
New York, NY 10150 
701 
From: Jeffrey Epstein (atalkje~11~2a0202 
Sent: Monday, January 12, 2009 1:30 PM 
To: Emad Hanna 
Subject: Re: 1.5.1 Items 
yes 
On Mon. Jan 12.2009 at 1:22 PM, Emad Hanna a> 
wrote: 
Jeffrey. 
I received 3 requests from Aaron approved by Brice. 
1) 
$ 1,293 for batteries for the gators purchased locally. 
2) 
3.550.90 for spare parts for the hammers to have ready for breakdowns (sent via Tropical) 
3) 
S 6,047.56 (parts totaling S 3,247.56, repairs done in St. Thomas S 2.500, shipping to St. Thomas 
estimated at 300) 
Please provide approval if your ok with all requests. 
Thank you 
EFTA00591388
--- PAGE 5 ---
01/06/20011 THU 1: 13 
FAX 5015577775 OKADA RIC'S/CA 
. 
• 
a 
OKADA AMERICA 
12950 SE Hwy 212, Bldg. D 
Sunrise Business Park 
Clackamas, Olt 97015 
PHON 
FAX: 
*** FAX TRANSMITTAL'** 
. • . 
TO: Aaron MeGuiness 
FROM: Cindy Smith 
COMPANY: LSJ, LLC 
RE: UBI IA2 Parts note 
FAX NUMBER: 
DATE: 1-08-09 
PAGES TO FOLLOW 1 
0001/002 
COMMEN TS: 
Good Morning Aaron, 
Yesterday you called our Medina, Ohio location for a price quote on parts for an 11A2 
hammer. Please find the attached quote per your request. 
All of the parts are priced on the attached document. As for availability, we have the last 3 
parts on our shelf here in Oregon. The seal kits and front cap bushing will have to come 
front our Japan location. These can be flown in directly to your location if you like. The 
shipping charge to ship via DIlL is about S100.00. Turn around time from Japan to you 
should be about 3 working days. 
The parts coming from our warehouse will take about 5 days If we ship via UPS/Ground. 
Please estimate total shipping cost to be around 5150.00. l expect it will probably not be 
quite that high but, that should be a fairly safe starting point. 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
dence if that is 
more convenient for you. My email address is 
Thank You 
Very Much for Your Inquiry. 
Ca 
Smit 
Parts/Inventory Coordinator 
Have A Great Day! 
Very Best Regar2_,A
EFTA00591389
--- PAGE 6 ---
OS/01/2009 THU 1r13 
PAX 50355777/9 OXADA ANEATCA 
Z002/002 
OKADA America 
12950 SE Hwy 212 
Bldg D 
Clackamas OR 97015 
Bill To: 
LSJ LLC 
6100 Rod Hook Quartets B•3 
Pao* 
01800002441 
t1712039 
Ship To: 
LSJ LLC 
6100 Rod Hook Quarters (3.3 
SI. Thomas US Virgin Islands 00802-1348 
Pureness Order Mo. 
Customer ID 
Stesporson ID 
51401.2 Method
 jPayment Terms 
Rao Snip Date Master No. 
AARON MC GU NESS 
LSJ U..0 
OHL 
60'0030 
32288 
Quantity 
Item Number 
Descrigitat 
UtNil 
Discount 
Unit Price 
Eat. Prke 
I 1142.5K-A 
Sea lut (A) 
Ran 
$0.00 
1913.14 
1373.14 
11A2.5K-B 
Sea: Al (B) 
Routine 
1300 
181 73 
50173 
8A-I8NB 
First cao Outhei; 
RAtne 
$0.03 
11,018.70 
51.018.76 
754 
Mon no to/ (75 pa) 
Routine 
00 
1%00 
$50 CO 
I 152$ 
Rutter CIO 
Racine 
1003 
$927 
27 
1.111.7A 
Slunk bushing 
Routine 
1000 
11,108.60 
11.108.86 
_ 
Subtotal 
53,247.56 
00
SO CO 
SS 
SO 00 
Dads Discount' - 
50.00 
Total: 
$3247.58 
EFTA00591390
--- PAGE 7 ---
TELEPHONE 
QUOTATION 
P•IC 
I ,I4v Ot?TiSCI 
A ns _ 
•Pr.uCoOTE0 
OATe 107/De_
mcnriz42.57 
OLCS-020 Of 
vow imatEDED 
ague., r or 
OuOTA now 
..., 
, 
_ZadadidateucP-4-SOlaferZE 
, 
SI
YM
I
L
I
02±1O
Ag i e gie saajt
oli c-
111 
.] 
1.- 
i 
DEirvEriv nuE 
TOTAL BID 
DUES OW T A I ION INCUJOE it*  FOLLOWING 
MO NO • 018040.aarloo• nioe•••9 _.1 
r AT1 a LOOK PUS TAXS 
YES 
NO 
LIAlliPIAL VALUZ 
Of- Nell,' TOO* Jai VII 
YES 
IVO 
WEIGHT 
'1"--.--. 
• 
•.. 
COLWUTE EP.STAllATION 
YES 
NO 
CUANIttv 
- COMMIT r SICOON AS MI PLANS t SPCOPICATIONS 
LI YIS 
PC 
DCWINRCIMOW 
Cx0.USPOr4S AND OUALOICATChf; 
- 
- 
— 
.— 
• 
c 
--- 
- 
• 
ADOENOA ACNNOWLEOCOMENT 
TOTAL ADJUSTMENTS ' I 4
Ir 1 
An
II sewn MT*. a in 
• 
EFTA00591391

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591392.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ, LIC 
GIO0 Red 110..1: Quiner. B3. St. Thonno. USVT 00802-1348 
Date of Request: 1.06-09 
Requested By: AM 
Time Frame for Purchase/Repair: 
Urgent: 
Inventory:XX 
Other: 
Item/Items Requested:. Recommended spare parts 
Purpose/Description:To have parts ready for break downs 
Company Name: Kent demolition tools 
Wobsito or Special Purchase Instructions: 
Purchase Price: 
3550.90 
Tax: 
Shipping Cost (Attach Quoto) 
Other: 
Total Expected Cost: 
3700.90 
Deposit Required?Yes: 
S 
Payment Method: 
House Acct, to bo billed: 
Chock: 
Wire Transfer: 
Credit Card of Requester: 
Quote Attached: 
Yes: 
essica 
Ship Via:trop.-150.00 
or 
% No: X 
(9) t 
(
LSJ Company Card: X 
\Al 
I A_ 
NO: 
Competitive Quotes Obtained? 
Yes: 
No: X 
If No, Why ; Our dealer 
Authorization: 
la 
EFTA00591392
--- PAGE 2 ---
FW: LSJ Items 
Page 1 of 2 
From• 
To: 
Subject: FW: LSJ Items 
Date: Mon. 12 Jan 2009 1:31 pm 
Emad Hanna 
Project Controller 
HBRK Associates. Inc 
PO Box 400 
Now York. NY 10150 
From: Jeffrey Epstein (maittodeeyacationftnallicom] 
Sent: Monday, January 12, 2009 1:30 PM 
To: ['mad Karma 
Subject: Re: LSJ Items 
yes 
On Mon. Jan 12. 2009 at 1:22 PM. Emad Hanna ci 
Jeffrey, 
I received 3 requests from Aaron approved by Brice. 
wrote: 
1) 
S 1,293 for batteries for the gators purchased locally. 
2) 
S 3,550.90 (or spare parts for the hammers to have ready for breakdowns (sent via Tropical) 
3) 
S 6.047.56 (pans totaling S 3,247.56. repairs done in St. Thomas S 2,500. shipping to St. Thomas 
estimated at $ 300) 
Please provide approval if your ok with all requests. 
Thank you 
Imp://webmail.aol.comb10627/aol/en-us/Mail/PrintMessage.aspx 
1/1212009 
EFTA00591393
--- PAGE 3 ---
cr-46L-
rflo 'of 72-
'Dwelt? 
RECOMMENDED SPARE PARTS LIST 
KF22Qt HydraRam 
In an effort to reduce the expense of any downtime that may occur, 
Kent recommends the following spare parts be kept in stock: 
PART NUMBER 
QUA/MTY DESCRIPTION 
KF22-92021 
Seal Kit, Main Cylinder Group (A) 
KF22-92022 
Seal Kit, Front & Backhead Group (8) 
KF22-92023 
Seal Kit, Valve-Accumulator Group (C) 
KHB20G-70611 
Diaphragm 
KF22-30113 
Air Inlet Cap 
K084891-060O0 
GPF Plug 
K15587 
Charge Adapter 
W/ 3034 O-Ring 
K15588 
Charge Adapter 
W/ 1829 O-Ring 
KBM21805 
Charge Kit 
K12381 
Hose Whip Assembly 
KF22-25221 
Blunt Tip 
and/or 
KF22-25225 
Moil Point 
and/or 
KF22-25224 
Chisel Bit 
Section VII • Page 3 
EFTA00591394
--- PAGE 4 ---
LSJ, LLC 
6100 Red Ho* QC3.11:2.B.3. St 710=*. USVI O0802-1348 
tem..
° 
r°1-155
/ ."
7 
Far 1. 13 
67? 16,14, 
PrialAIMPOS VS finC 
7.• 13 - off'' 
k
te_  
Paget: 
1. 
Onciadwg cover page) 
\\ I  
31A) co /1/4 r7 
O Urgent 
O For Review 
O PleeseQueneas 
XPleese Rcpt' 
(1.
 Citia 
c'e-4-4 .4,01/
O1..A 6 ?, 
e/5 5
tit e_, 
y) tdo 71-r- 
ile_nt 5 
ce'r 
Gri4-re. 
fp -A-r +5 . 
"ce. y en"- IA, shin- A-voy 
k lee 
pis 
. 
-'12-02)_ 
KF 22 Li 2- .0 
Ktiox& - 7o 6// 
kF 22 - So It 3 
.,
r•."
--v, 
.414,-1 
.1.Alt 
4-4.11ti i.ikt 
....,
ia.daig as
szL 
11, 1• 111;1 
get)" le, t 
44199
I I ry e et r 
I 
/ VC 
city,
/I Dr OIL-
Fn.
II.' 'ILL 
• liettetlir:1 
ilerfaeleit 
ket, 
i 
4...4 rUclo.t 
S :la- till 
:C117NIT;Irl 
I 
ell zfli ei a:IV:J*4Z 
4010.1:1 
I
I 
..rntrar.iirra 
t Itt-WinVAapitiu tut : 
EFTA00591395
--- PAGE 5 ---
... against KENT Invoice Number: 
... to the following Credit Card: 
Credit Card Number: 
Card Expiration Date: 
or 4-digit Security Code: 
Name as it appears on Card: 
Billing Address: 
Cardholder Name: 
Cardholder Signature: 
Company Name: 
Contact Telephone Number: 
Demolition Tool 
a division of FRD USA 
Telephone: 330.673.5826 
711 Lake Street 
Kent, Ohio 44240 
USA 
Credit Fax: 330. 676.6266 
Credit Card Authorization Form 
(Please Print) 
Date:  
/  /  4.6  /  
I authorize KENT Demolition Tools to charge (in USD) $ 3,76
K9010 Oa. 
.83 
MasterCard 
Visa ____k_— 
1/2 4 3/5PHyg .3B9a 
JAL-z
-
(usually found on back of Card) 
--rgt ,F.ke/ kreps 7,c - 
PO Sal(' 41 1) 
(Street Address) 
iticiet ,  >talc )( 
(Olty) 
(Country) 
rile :WAY 
(Maing Code) 
Fp°STArr tom
 .3 a-7 -0/06.-, 
(w/ Country Cede) 
All blanks MUST be completed for application acceptance 
$5,000.00 USD limit per tranSaaion without prior approval; approval e 
EFTA00591396
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00591397
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00591398

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591399.pdf
----------------------------------------
01/12/2009 BUN 09:41 FLA 340 7754507 
OFFSHORE KAN ENE 
At 
OFFSHORE MARINE 
61)Cts
6165 SIAS BASE 
ST. THOMAS. USA 00602 
Sri 
€5 
Estate for. 
float Most 
Lounort 
LITRE ST -IMES* LELJLI.0 
6100 FEN HOOK QUARTERS EL3 
ST. 
MIAS,. V 00002 
CON 775 6103 oe 5101 
In OM.. 77 
Today Data: 1/912000 
Date Pratused 
Ii1272039 
tool 
Units Fri :WI WSW* 
Service fl
an 
Yew 
Leaks 
WOW 
HA, /kelt No. 
COIN 
Plate 
/OW Rood 
Howe 
2006 
`AMA*. 
LF23017IR 
1t03060 
2006 
• MAMA 
r2501xR 
1105564 
Job: ENGINE SERVICE 
lob For: 2006 YAMAHA LF250TXR 6P3 X 1(03060 
Dric..rpUon 
C'llPGE ENIIINE OIL AND FILTER . REMOVEAMI INSPECT SPARK 
PLUGS . REPLACE SPARK PLUGS . INSPECT NEC DRAIN FUEL 
FE It i . REPLACE FILTER CLEMENT . CHECK EHGINE 
cow RESSieN4 0,K INSPECT AND REPLACE F 1CL WATER 
SETA TATOP . INSPECT NC CHANGE LOWER Ul :IT QL . REMOVE 
Law IT LMT INSPECT REPLACE WATER PUMP ssAPELLER . CHECK 
To, rr HIM FLUID LEVEL AND TOP OFF. GREASE ENGINE PIVOT 
POIN1S. INSPECT/REPLACE ENGINE ANODES REMOVE PROP 
MI) I40PECY SHAFT ANS SEALS. GREASE Pitts SHAFT AND 
REIN! TAU. PROP . INSPECT TILING BELT COW TIDY MD WEAR . 
7AS 
L INSPECTOR OF ENGINE WRING HOSE LAUD OVERALL 
COCITION TEST RUN ENGINE CHECK ENGINE ON YDS CHECK 
CONS INSYSTEM 
Pans 
Par. N sober 
Curtly Dencector 
603 17440.01C0 
I OIL PETER 
601412511040 
ANODE 
SEE 4435241 OC 
IMPELLER 
004 IC COCQ040 
GASKET 
2SII: 7041345 
LONG SPIN C 44 GAS FILTER 
CIA 4..371-00 00 
TRIP.4TAN 
W2 VLS24542.1470 
I ELEMENT. el .TER (VAT 
LueGEARIA 
HO. GEAR 0 L AINIT 
tub so :lowboy 
4 STROKE OI . 10MS* MARINE 
NG74 el46.7e7 140 
P.GI44.F REA- 1 
Lab,. 
Dern bon 
RESPITE CALL 
ENC.II4E SERVICE 200 HOUR 
JcbCo0a 
Tes3ncan 
ESTU4ATI 
COLON 
ESTWAT I 
COUR/ 
Eatn Rice 
12241 
$26 G1 
533 14 
$1.1' 
5680 
11613 
338 34 
00 
S5 5C 
94 
Pens Subtotal 
Guant 
I /fours 
5 Hoots 
Labor Subtotal 
APPIrile-awm
;q7c.:;?5,;21 
Erte3s-on 
122 09 
326 61 
633 14 
/2 22 
$5 83 
5'6 40 
538 34 
$74 00 
S31 00 
53564
124224 V 
tn. total 
665 00 
1297 50 
11382111 
Palo 
EFTA00591399
--- PAGE 2 ---
0L/12/2009 ■ON OS: 12 FAI 310 7754307 
OFFSHORE MARINE 
W802
OFFSHORE MARINE 
Estimate 
P., 
Eselmete Foe: 
Bost Nen 
LOcatIort 
MIS E r JAMES. LSJLLC 
6100 FEN H004 QUARTERS 0-3 
S r TPONAS.. V 00002 
COR 775 6100 e. 8161 
Job: ENGINE SERVICE (Continued) 
lob PON 2006 YAMAHA LE2150TXR 6P3 X 11 01003 
Job. ENGINE SERVICE 
JOE*? 2006 YAMAHA I-230TXR 11P2 X 1045564 
Disactlon 
CHAA GE EN-GINS 014. AND FR-TER . REMOVE AS r INSPECT SPARK 
PIVOT UL" ACE UPAPK PLUGS INSPECT ANC DRAIN FUEL 
FiL 
REPLACE FILTER ELEMENT CHECK ENGINE 
GOICRESSK IN O. It INSPECT AND REPLACE F JEL WATER 
SOWN/JCR !ASPECT ANC CHANGE LONER Ul4T OIL . REMOVE 
LONER UST INSPECT REPLACE WATER PUMP 11PELLER . CHECK 
1i L 7I HIM FLUID LEVEL/WO TOP OFF. GREASE ENGINE PNOT 
POPO S INSPECT/ REPLACE ENGINE ANCOES REMOVE PROP 
AlIt I 'OPEC' SHAFT AND FOALS GREASE PRO' SHAFT ARO 
REINSTALL PROP. INSPECT TIMING BELT GOND TIM APO WEAR 
VISA'. INSPECTION Of ENGINE WRING. HOSE:: AND OVERALL 
COHCITION 1EUT RUN ENG:NE CHECK ENGINE ON YDS . CHECK 
COI* I IN SYSTEM . 
Pare 
Parl Hamby 
QUanUly 04:4043081 
Each Not 
Eatwson 
69.4 I:4404140 
OK. FILTER 
322.09 
$7209 
6034,251-0200 
ANODE 
526 61 
$2561 
650 4415241 40 
IMPELLER 
333.14 
333 14 
904.0 00020-80 
GASKET 
Sl.ti 
22 
2511 11.7645 
LONG SPIN EN GAS FILTER 
EC 
Sa 80 
61A St 3714000 
TRIM•TAB 
31643 
51940 
6P2 WiI45.00
I ELEMENT. Fl .TER (WIT 
336.34 
S3.8 34 
too G.IARLII 
NO GEAR 0 L ROOT 
5600 
324 00 
LUG OTIOIAIGAI 
1161' 4 :SI 140 
In Data: 111212000 
Tottay Das 
1/1275009 
Osb Prortool: 1/12/200E 
Omer Charges 
Sn, 0 S‘Polos 
Job Subtotal 
$1721 
Labor 
OCkic reekm 
ENGINE SERVICE 200 HOUR 
ESTIMATE 
COLLIN 
4 STROKE 01. ISMS/MARINE 
NOICLFROA-1 I 
Job Code 
ToOncsan 
50 
S3300 
94 
91594 
Pons Sobtote 
3242.24  
Ouant.IT 
Lire Trim 
3.5 Hans 
329753 
EFTA00591400
--- PAGE 3 ---
01/12/2009 VON 09:12 FAI 340 7754507 
F F5il ORE MARINE 
`41003 
OFFSHORE MARINE 
8105 SUU Ilkie 
ST. 11405tAS. U53/1 CCS12 
esbnuoto for: 
I E r. JAWS. LSJLLC 
6100 FED 11004 QUARTERS 03 
Sr THY/AS.. 
00402 
COR 75 6100 a: 6101 
/kW Ware 
LOW NM 
Job: ENGINE SERVICE (Continued) 
lob Foe: 2008 YAIJARA F2501XRIPZ X 10t 5504 
Estimate 
In Dow. I/12/2009 
Today Da*: 3/12/2009 
Dery Pectrsted. 1/12/2000 
tots (Continued) 
Dec/ *on 
Job Code 
Tetanloan 
Quantity 
Use Toad 
Labor Subtotal 
1297 
COW Charges 
Sate &toots' 
61779 
Job Subtotal 
1543.13 
Customer Job Totals 
Ports 
S48.4 
tabu' 
lG to CO 
Otis 
130 (4 
Total of Custaner Jobs 
TIMM( 't Os, FOR YOJR ROSINESS 
$1.195.011 
Other Charges 
mason:toe l'Atale 
S'0 CJ 
Estimate Subtotal 
e1,205 Ca 
Dtscounts Oven 
Pam Discount 
362 26 
Sates Tits 
DO 
Repair Order Total 
11.205.08 
Total Amount Duo 
51,205.05 
pees 3 
EFTA00591401

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591402.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ, LLC 
6100 Red 11OOk (,)uattcr. It 
I 
/inn 
1JSVI 008024348 
Dato of Request: 1-15-09 
Roquostod By:AM 
Time Frame for Purchase/Repair:soon 
Urgent: 
Inventory:X 
Other:repalr 
Item/Items Requested:. Starters,cabels 
PurposolDescription:batch plant z  Lj 
F /4Ye  14c
Company Name: Ideal mfg. 
Wobsito or Special Purchase Instructions: 
Purchase Price: 
1641.45 
Tax: 
Shipping Cost: (Attach Quoto) 50.00 in 
Express 
Othor:100.00 est 
Total Expoctod Cost:1791.45 
Deposit Required?Yes: 
Payment Method: 
House Acct, to bo billed: 
Check: 
Wire Transfor: 
Credit Card of Roquostor: 
Quote Attached: 
Yes:X 
or 
Steve 
Ship Via:US 
% No: X 
LSJ Company Card: AM 
NO: 
Compotitivo Quotes Obtained? 
Yes: 
No: X 
If No, Why Not:Our dealer 
Authorization: 
APPROVED 
eaVVi 
EFTA00591402
--- PAGE 2 ---
IDEAL QUOTE SHEET 
LOMPL 
MEG., INC. 
 PS°. 
IL 
Ideal Manufacturing Inc. 
FAX 
Wings. MT 5$101 
2011 Hanna* Blvd. 
;Etgta(Iment -' 
• 
QUOTE NUMBER: 
DATE: 
SALESPERSON: 
roll: 
ATTENTION: 
PHONE NUMBER: 
FAX NUMBER,
JOB NAME 
011420093388 
111412009 
Stew Reiter 
LSJ, LLC 
ARRAN MCGINNIS 
0100 RED HOOK QTRS. B3 
ST. THOMAS VI 
Quantity Part Number 
Description 
Unit Price 
Total 
CUSTOM01 5840.147 STARTER (910025) 
5838.34 
5838.34 
CUSTOMOI 5840218 (REPLACES 5840.176) STARTER (SLD400) 
$518.40 
$516.49 
P00107 CABLE- TW ST LOCK 
595.39 
395.39 
P00197A CABLE-CHOKE OR FUEL SHUT OFF 
37221 
$72.21 
P00182 FUEL PUMP 
395.48 
$95.46 
CUSTOM01 23502 WINDOW 
$4.58 
39.12 
CUSTOMOI 23503 tMNIDOW GASKET 
$2.56 
$5.12 
CUSTOMOI 23504 FRAME GASI,ET 
$4.06 
$922 
SUBTOTAL 
51,841.45 
FREIGHT 
30.00 
GRAND TOTAL 
51.841.45 
Notes: ARRAN BOTH STARTERS ARE 5 10" DAYS OUT I HAVE EVERYTHWG ELSE IN STOCK THANKS 
PRICES SUBJECT TO CHANGE AFTER 45 DAYS FROM DATE OF QUOTE 
Ow Coward owns for purchase are 50% down at ix ere of the *new and to b end, beltee ohloment 
The to:nonce cantle Matted In tae ware *Me try oacerhn- Creek or a tor* terstailts our tone K yw wile b nub a bank tonne. 
pease *t rre exert and I wtl tax lea ettoctionw 
I' d 
(12130 60 02 cur 
EFTA00591403

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591404.pdf
----------------------------------------
.FW: LSJ Electrical Supplies 
Page I of 2 
From: Emad Hanna 
To: 
Subject: FW: LSJ Electrical Supplies 
Date: Wed. 21 Jan 2009 1220 pm 
Ems Hanna 
Project Controller 
HBRK Associates, Inc 
PO Box 400 
New York. NY 10150 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevagitionigigmaccon] 
Sent: Wednesday, January 21, 2009 11:44 AM 
To: Emad Hanna 
Subject: Re: IS) Electrical Supplies 
yes 
On Wed. Jan 21. 2009 at 11:37 AM. Emad Hanna 
Jeffrey. 
wrote: 
I received a request to purchase electrical material for refurbishing of the existing pavilions and info center and to 
stock supplies for a year to draw from. 
The PI quote received from LSJ was S 17,227. I put Gary the LSJ electrician in touch with my contact and we 
were able to get the same material for S 12.910. 
Brice is requesting approval 
Please advise ill should go ahead 
Thank you 
Emad Henna 
littp:/Avehmail.aol.com/41095/aolien-us/mail/PrintMessage.aspx 
1/21/2009 
EFTA00591404
--- PAGE 2 ---
January 16.2009 
Scott Graf 
6501 Red Hook Plaza, Suite 201 
St Thomas. USVI 00802 
340-690-0730 
TO: 
Little St. James, LLC 
ATTN: Brice 
RE 
Purchase replacement controller for helo turf zones 
(1) 
(3) 
Hunter ICC Module controller with outdoor cabinet 
Hunter !CM 8 zone Module adapter 
574.80 each 
• Pnority shipping charges from Florida to SIT 
283.00 
224.40 
80 
TOTAL FOR MATERIALS AND SHIPPING 
596.20 
The original Rain Bird controller 0  four way had boon grounding out for at least three weeks but 
we have been able to reset it and keep up with our work schedule. On 1716719 the complete 
current stopped and we could not power up. Brice and I had (1) replacement unit but I had to find 
adapters. Brice gave authorization in the PM on January 16 to go ahead and get It replaced. I 
had Pnority Mail (3) add on modules. We will Install in on Friday January 23. 
Mail check payable to SCOTT GRAF. 
APPROVED 
EFTA00591405
--- PAGE 3 ---
American Export Company 
2401 PGA Blvd., #190 
WHOLESALE BUILDING PRODUCT 
BiII To 
;hip To 
m e t. ernes Island 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B3 
St. Thomas. USVI 00802 
INVOICE 
ardens FL 33410 
!„.# 
Date 
R90150 
2,23/2009 
1.00e Si. laincs blind 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
P.O. Hunter 
Terms 
Rep 
Ship 
Via 
F.O.B. 
NET DUE 
MCIC 
71231009 
TROPICAL 
SOWN FLORIDA 
Quantity 
UNITS 
DottalptIon 
Price Each 
Amount 
100 
PPPr.';3.'g,IP;Pr;;.">;'7TT-fl'-';';' 
3M 3$ • RED 3/4 X 66' CODING TAPE 
4.25 
425.00 
100 
3M 35 GREEN 3/4 X 66' CODING TAPE 
4.25 
425.00 
3M 35 - BROWN 3/4 X 66' CODING TAPE 
4.25 
212.50 
200 
1/2" LOCKNUT 
0.047 
9.40 
200 
3/4" LOCKNUT 
0.062 
12.40 
200 
le LOCKNUT 
0.093 
18.60 
1-1/2- LOCIOIUT 
0.177 
8.85 
r LOCKNUT 
0.255 
6.3% 
IQ. FSE PVC BOX 
5.13 
307.80 
100 
3/4 ESE PVC BOX 
4.30 
430.00 
100 
SIZE 454 BLUE WIRECONN 
0,21 
21.00 
SOO 
YELLOW TW1STCONN 110500 
0.024 
12.00 
500 
RED T%VISTCONN 96500 
0.0298 
14.90 
I QT CEMENT W/BRUSII TOP 
5.36 
192.96 
as 
IG CLEAR IN•USL• COVER 
7.69 
676.72 
INT-MAT WP1220C 2G VERTIHOR WPCOV 
18.55 
853.30 
WEATHERPROOF COVER 
5.41 
54.10 
IPE FD BLANK IG PVC BOX 
4.68 
112.32 
500 
341 WIRECON TAN 500.BAG 
0.085 
42.50 
2G DBL TOGL WP COVER•G 
10.75 
129.00 
BLANK FS COVER 
3.29 
65.80 
WI' BOX 3 1/211UTIS 
1.87 
37.40 
IG-12CUIN HANDY BOX 
0.88 
44.00 
DUPLEX RECEPT HANDY BOX COVER 
0.61 
15.25 
CFO HANDY BOX COVER 
0.61 
15.25 
4SQ 112D ICI SW RING 
0.875 
43.75 
300 
I/2" PVC TERM ADAPTER 
0.11 
33.00 
375 
3/4' PVC TERM ADAPTER 
0.19 
71.25 
ISO 
r PVC TERM ADAPTER 
0.24 
36.00 
Total 
Phone 0 
Fax 0 
E•mall 
Web Silo 
mikegamericanEsportCompany.com 
R 
num.AniericanExponCompany.com 
EFTA00591406
--- PAGE 4 ---
a410 
3665 
/7\ 
Inv# 
Date 
F.OB 
CM. 
SOI till FLORIDA 
rice Each 
Amount 
5.40 
5.40 
13.10 
13.10 
04.35 
t 
5149 
5X9 
13.10 
13.10 
1811.45 
376.10 
52.65 
105. to 
45I 
53 
75:00 
7810 
'eb Site 
I£xpc.nCompany.ceul 
American, 
mnany 
Paiiiii3egefltUtiens, FL's 
561-799-3664 Fax 561-799-
WHOLESALE BUILDING PRODUCTS 
BB To 
1.ittle St. James Nand 
6100 Red I lovk Owners 113 
St. Thimus. USVI 0ntt02 
SIIP To 
Little t. amts !shed 
6100 Red Honk Quancrs 
St. '11Kimas, USVI 00s02 
P.O. Number 
Terms 
Rep 
Ship 
Vi; 
NET DUE 
JACK 
2:23C609 
TROP 
Quantity 
UNITS 
Description 
Pi 
I 
I 
I 
tiA 
IL% 
EA 
EA 
EA 
EA 
EA 
EA 
EA 
GE 1P :0A 120V PLUGIN C It 
GE 21 20A 120,240 PLUG451 CB 
GE 3P 311A 240V PLUG•IN CII 
GE IP 20A 120V PLUG-IN 
UL 21' 20A 120.240 PLUG-1N 
GE I25A I.D-CNIR 
WIRE SPOOL HANDCADDY 
1G BOX CYR BSI) 13:16 
INLAND 1-14.Eltilll 
JOB% 9025396 
MRS 9036972 
JOB% 9052305 
toliv 
• ••• N1ADE IN TIlE USA •••• 
Total 
Phone g 
Fox IS 
E-mail 
V 
561.7993661 
561.799.3665 
inikiyaAilicrwanExpoitCompany con 
NN% W AI IICO:IL 
• it 
EFTA00591407
--- PAGE 5 ---
WHOLESALE BUILDING PRODUCTS 
American Export Company 
2401 PGA Blvd., #190 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 Quote 
561-799-3664 Fax 561-799-3665 
Dater 
Name /Address 
Brice Gordon 
Little St. James Island 
6100 Red I look Quarters B3 
St. Thomas. USVI 00802 
Terms 
Ship To 
QUOTE 
R901155 
I/1612009 
Brice Gordon 
Little St. James Island 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B3 
St. Thomas. USVI 00802 
Rep 
FOB
SHIP TIME 
EFTA00591408
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00591409
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00591410
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00591411
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00591412
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00591413
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00591414
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00591415
--- PAGE 13 ---
EFTA00591416
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00591417

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591418.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXECUTIVE OFFICES 
C• 
N. ANDREWS AVE. EXT. 
‘P• 
POMPANO BEACH, FL 33064 
IN FLORIDA 
Credit Card Authorization Form 
1, 
, hereby authorize Mesmen inc. to charge my 
credit card in the amount not to exceed: S  
OS, bq 
()Q VISA ( ) MasterCard 
( ) American Express ( ) Discover 
Credit Card Number: -
Expiration Date: C5 I / 
Credit Card Billing Address: 
Street PO, 60.)c 
1110 0
VID Code: Cc 7 
City: 
v It) /ex< 
 state: A/ y 
Zip Code: ./0/ 5-re  - 
 Country: 
CS"-
Telephone Number: (211)  3)-7 
 -  cy/oe
Requested Shipping Address: 
street  /g89 inmTfAi LuTiikX Kivu- 1•R 
el- v0 
City: 
kivi
RS- 
64Aeli 
 State: 
gi-OX/04-
Zip Code: 33 
 Country:  
1,1 6 
Telephone Number: (5?"/ ) 
 52-767 
As the credit card holder, I herby authorize receipt of goods & services at the shipping address 
above. 
Cardholder's Signature 
//
°29 / O C/ 
Date 
As the credit card holder, I also authorize Mesmen Inc. to charge my credit card for further 
purchases verbally approved by me. 
AuthoriZation Date Until: 
/ 
Initals Here: 
Your completion of this form helps us protect you, our valued customers, from credit card fraud. 
Mesmen Inc. will keep all information entered on this form strictly confidential. 
LAUNDRY EQUIPMENT DISTRIBUTORS 
SALES - PARTS - SERVICE 
EFTA00591418
--- PAGE 2 ---
MESMEN, INC. 
3178 NO ANDREWS AVE EXT 
POMPANO BCII FL 33064-2115 
Bill To 
LITTLE ST. JAMES ISLAND 
US VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Invoice 
Date 
Invoice N 
1/1212009 
40393 
Ship To 
P.O. No. 
Terms 
Due Dato 
Rep 
Ship Date 
Ship Via 
FOB 
TERRA CHEM 
TO DE ARRANGED 
1/12/2009 
IIF 
I2/30:008 
STORAGE 
MESMER. INC. 
Item 
Description 
Oty 
Rate 
Amount 
STORAGE 
FREIGHT 
STORAGE FEE PER MONTH PER PALLET (FRIST 30 
DAYS FREE) DATE STARTED ail 9508 X 2 PALLETS 
INLAND FREIGIfT & HANDLING FROM MESMEN 
TO FREIGHT FORWARDER 
THIS BILL IS UP TO DATE AS OF li Pi iiii 
6% FL SALES TAX 
I 
25.00 
210.56 
175,001 
210.56I 
i • 
TERMS TO BE DETERMINED 
Total 
EFTA00591419

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591420.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591420.pdf
----------------------------------------
American Export Company 
2401 PGA Blvd., #190 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410  atom is 
WHOLESALE BUILDING PRODUCTS 
Name Address 
Little St. James Island 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Dab 
Ship To 
QUOTE 
R901280 
127/2009 
NM, 
Island 
6100 Red Hook Quarters 03 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Terms 
Rep 
FOB 
SHIP TIME 
NET DUE 
JACK 
SOUTH FLORIDA 
MEEK 
OW 
Una 
Deealpti0n 
Price 
Total 
360 IF 
EA 
2.2101,R DIR BURIAL. TELE PE39 
SOLID ANNEALED BARE COPPER 
INLAND FREIGHT 
GARY, 
LET ME /WOW 
REGARDS. 
JACK 
01110evedor
Total 
65 
It 
234.00 
120.00 
$35 III 
Signature 
' 
EFTA00591420

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591421.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591421.pdf
----------------------------------------
Redland Supply 
24852 SW 177 Ave. 
Homestead, FL 33031 
Voice: 
Fax. 
To: 
ra00 RED HOOK QUARTER 03 
ST. THOMAS. VS 00802 
Wahl+ 
SALES ORDER 
Sales Order Number. 385 
Sales Order Date: 
Feb 10. 2009 
Ship By. 
Feb 11. 2009 
Page: 
Ship To: 
ROADSIDE PROJECT & FLAGPOLE 
EFTA00591421
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00591422

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591423.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591423.pdf
----------------------------------------
Emad Hanna 
From: 
Curtis Royston 
Sent: 
Wodnosday. March 18, 2009 7:22 PM 
To: 
Emad Hanna: Daphne Wallace 
Cc: 
Slivina Royston 
Subject: 
Gensler reimborables 
Attachments: 
Gensler Reimbursables.pdf 
Emad & Daphne: 
Please pay this bill attached —JEE approved $1412.55 
Curtis 
EFTA00591423
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00591424
--- PAGE 3 ---
POLY C.ARME 
6096 EST MARIENDAHL r 7.6 
ST. THOMAS. VI 03802-3345 
(340) 775.4660 
FAX (340) 775-2339 
liTTLE ST JAMES-4.LC 
5100 RED HOCI(beARTERS 
,c) v 
• In102_•74-
INVOICE 
i:A ri 
f;.'72003 
' tanz sr. .LIMES-LLC 
'5100nep.moon cmerees, ti 
rh,470.Tet 
ertlet.eirt 
reitee21: ::C. 
APPROVER 
PVc2iC3N 
ACAPT At 1-14- PVC SCH PO 43$415 
L35 
PVC27590e4 
EL 45 1-1/2" SCH SO scc nun 
P.G2 
:4 (X. 
Pier/ /6434' 
COUP /-1/7.' SOC PVC SCH NG 829-015 
4.50 
PVC259114 
EL 90 hur PVC Stet tO eahors 
7:5 
7:5 
0-• 
acce.Pfs 
tcr 
TOTAL 
EFTA00591425
--- PAGE 4 ---
POLY CARUSE 
• i 
\i.; .7.: 
BłomAR 
jB 49338 
ST. 
, 
ISLANDS 00801 
TO 
(MO) 776-4880 
_LeiLL_  31- 
ta15.2.42__ 
NO REIURNS 
Git 
.A3-p
- 
_S___Lie,T-ti 
lei 
PR« mima 
OESCRIPTION OF WORK 
Bi_ 
C---Crit‚  3 44-1
45-44a5- 93-
51C' 
C nii
selDW tną 
ets 
p 1.... * 
.1 
crx. R•ct.) uSoi{ sb i..g >-z),
OTMER ~Ran 
i 
irt
-  R -0
i 4,1
9ictr —nr 
F3O--
TOTK OTRER 
'Siwa sn 
> 
_i 
P 
tout tacs 
" leetr
:422 
«fl 
.
71724 
e- dr 
J TOTALUATERIALS 
TOTAL MATEMALS 
TOTAL OTHER 
al 
Lwicy. 
TAX 
I 
TOTAL 
lenging 
~let 
~eol« 
EFTA00591426
--- PAGE 5 ---
it Activity Report 
a Totals Report 
/2008 
Project Number • Name 
05.7094.000 - Peachtree Center - Atlanta GA 
05.7097.001 - Alameda County Expenses 
05.7102.100 PSP Al2 Courtyard 6 Entry 
.05.7108.000 • Camp Emerald Bay 
?Z./ l 1 e.utar - Lesion miscasts - waxing mem 
105.7115.0q9 • Arizona Stators Interiors 
i05.7115.099 - Arizona Banton) Interiors • Riemb. 
05.7115.373 - Arizona Billmore Grill Expansion 
t05.7115.6CR - Arizona Salmon) - Arizona WingrCon 
1.05.7115.8f • Arizona BlItmore Model Room Revisions 
;05.7115.69:1 - Arizona Bikmore - Arizona Wing C/A 
;05.7117.100 • Source Interink - Ontario Bldg Survey 
.05.7118.000 - Magic Castle Properties 
i$5.7120.000 • Anaheim Platinum Vista 
I-191,7122.V° - 10880 Wilshire 
X7133.000 • Ares Mgmt • Now Headquarters 
% I.7133.099 - Ares Mgmt - New Headquarters Roimb 
(.1) 
«7155.200 - Northrop Grumman•Irvir.g•Texas-1s1F 
t
•• 
1.7158.000 -JW Marriott Korea 
!.7164.000 • The Avenues 
.7175.000 • Latham and Watkins- GS0 Studies 
.7185.000 • Motion Paul) & Television Fund 
.7200.000 - Guest' Retail Core 
.720/400 • LAX - T1 Re-Design 
.720.1oo - LAX In•Lite Screening A7 T1 Phase 1 as 
.7203.100 - LAX In-Line Screening A7 T3 Phase 1 BS 
.7221.000 • 233 Wilshire Lobby Renovation 
.7221.090 • 233 Wilshire Lobby Renovation Reimb 
..7226.011 • One Cal Plan. 300 S Grand - MP 
; 
ON san an3:2008 
roar 
sepia l ine 
Print activity for 10/1112008 to 11/102008 
Pricing Schedule 
Total Cost 
Total Cilefge 
Default 
0.00 
0.00 
Default 
94.00 
94.00 
Default 
74.00 
74.00 
Default 
48.00 
48.00 
tie auft 
368.00 
Default 
93.00 
93.00 
Default 
354.00 
354.00 
Default 
40.00 
40.00 
Default 
42.00 
42.00 
Default 
14.00 
14.00 
Default 
16.00 
16.00 
Default 
12.00 
1Z09--
Default 
12.00 
NA-
Default 
16.00 
18.00 
Default 
12.00 
12.00 
Default 
0.00 
0.00 
Default 
0.00 
0.00 
Default 
0.00 
0.00 
Default 
92.00 
92.00 
Default 
322.00 
322.00 
Default 
56.00 
56.00 
Default 
286.00 
286.00 
Default 
528.00 
528.00 
Default 
98.00 
98.00 
Default 
178.00 
178.00 
Default 
18.00 
18.00 
Default 
72.00 
72.00 
Del suit 
120.00 
120.00 
Default 
2.00 
2.00 
EFTA00591427
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00591428
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00591429
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00591430
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00591431
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00591432

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591433.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591433.pdf
----------------------------------------
Emad Hanna 
From: 
Curtis Royston 
Sent: 
Tuesday, March 1 
:41 PM 
To: 
Daphne Walla 
Emad Hanna 
Cc: 
Darren Indyke 
Subject: 
FW: FW: Gen 
r 
I 
Please process this for payment 
Gensler $30,000 retainer 
— see below for wiring directions 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mallto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, March 31, 2009 2:36 PM 
To: Curtis Royston 
Subject: Re: FW: Gensler Negotiations 
ok 
On Tue. Mar 31, 2009 at 3:05 PM, Curtis Royston 
Please approve payment to Gensler for S30,000 
See below 
Front: Curtis Royston 
Sent: Monday. March 30.2009 3:15 PM 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: Gensler Negotiations 
We spoke to Warwick at Gensler this Morning 
They were asking for 
550,000 for Design Development. 
and 
S33,875 for 50% of consultants Schematic Design Fee. 
vrote: 
LSD
i5 3 ()<- Paelltd) 
Since we arc preparing a final offer and plan to consummate a final contract by the end of the week 
I said I would send them S30.000 to continue Design Development and continue in good faith as per contract 
negotiations. 
EFTA00591433
--- PAGE 2 ---
They said fine. 
Please approve payment of $30.000 
FYI. below is our routing informaton for wire transfers. Please make sure to add a reference to the project name ('Epstein Screenrig Room' is how we 
track In internally) and project number (05.7112.002). 
To Remit By Electronic Fund Transfer: 
Account Name: 
Account Number: 
Bank Information: 
ACH Routing #: 
Federal Wire ABA #: 
M. Arthur Gensler, Jr. & Associates, Inc. 
Bank of America 
345 Montgomery Street 
San Francisco, CA 94104 
Please send me a note when the retainer is sent. so I can alert our accounting department to took for it. 
Thanks. 
Warwick 
Warwick Wicksman, AlA 
Principal 
EFTA00591434

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591435.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591435.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ, LLC 
Total Expected Cost: 
59,300.00 
Deposit Required?Yes:Ell 
or  
% 
No:DX 
Payment Method: 
House Acct, to be billed: 
X 
Check: 
Wire Transfer: 
Credit Card of Requester: 
LSJ Company Card: 
Quote Attached: Yes:CI 
No:EIX 
Competitive Quotes Obtained? 
Yes: 0 
No:DX 
If No, Why Not: 
Island supplier 
Authorization: 
Date of Request: 24 March 2009 
Requested By: W. Rowles 
Time Frame for Purchase/Repair: 
Urgent:OX 
Inventory: CI Other: K 
Item/Items Requested: 100 ton of Colombian sand 
Purpose/Description: Misc. Island concrete, Mechanical Building Concrete 
Company Name: Heavy Materials 
Website or Special Purchase Instructions: 
k 0-1 I fr-= id/ kg 
Purchase Price: 100 ton @ 570.00 per ton = 57,000.00 cAff 
Tax: 
Shipping Cost: (Attach Quote) 5 Trips @ 5190 = 5950.00 
Ship Via: 
Other: Trucking 5 Trips @ 5270 = 51,350.00 
Sit 
Kt -
Vibe/ 
EFTA00591435
--- PAGE 2 ---
LSJ, LLC 
Date of Request: 24 March 2009 
Requested By: W. Rowles 
Time Frame for Purchase/Repair: 
Urgent:OX 
Inventory: O 
Other: O 
Item/Items Requested: 200 +/- ton of stone 
Purpose/Description: Misc. Island Concrete. Mechanical Building Concrete 
Company Name: Heavy Materials 
Website or Special Purchase Instructions: 
Purchase Price: 200 ton @ $33.00 per ton = $6,600.00 0-f-fu-t-val 4-44 u t-• 
/4109 
Tax: 
Shipping Cost: (Attach Quote) 8 trips @ $190 = $1,520.00'1 Ship Via: 
Other: Trucking 8 trips @ $270.00 = $2,160 00  
U kr, 
Total Expected Cost: 
510,280.00 
/NO 9 
Deposit Required?Yes:CI s 
or 
% 
No: OX 
Payment Method: 
House Acct, to be billed: 
X 
Check: 
Wire Transfer: 
Credit Card of Requester: 
LSJ Company Card: 
Quote Attached: Yes:O 
No: I:IX 
Competitive Quotes Obtained? 
Yes: O 
No:DX 
If No, Why Not: 
Island supplier 
Authorization: 
EFTA00591436
--- PAGE 3 ---
.SJ , 1.1-C 
Date of Request: 24 March 2009 
Requested By: W. Rowles 
Time Frame for Purchase/Repair: 
Urgent:CIX 
Inventory: 0 
Other: 0 
Item/Items Requested: 100 ton of Manufactured sand 
Purpose/Description: Misc. Island Concrete, Mechanical Building Concrete 
Company Name: Heavy Materials 
Website or Special Purchase Instructions: 
Purchase Price: 100 ton @ $42.50 per ton = $4,250.00 
nitf"-P-v-44 4 `6" -Eg 1////0 9 
Tax: 
Shipping Cost: (Attach Quote) 5 Trips @ 5190 = $950.001 Ship Via: 
Other: Trucking 5 Trips @ $270 = $1,350.00- 
 -0-p-e4,49 dria ok
Total Expected Cost: 
56,550.00 
)09 
Deposit Required?Yes:O $ 
or 
% 
No:CIX 
Payment Method: 
House Acct, to be billed: 
X 
Check: 
Wire Transfer: 
Credit Card of Requester: 
LSJ Company Card: 
Quote Attached: 
Yes:CI 
No:OX 
Competitive Quotes Obtained? 
Yes: 0 
No:DX 
If No. Why Not: 
Island supplier 
Authorization: 
EFTA00591437
--- PAGE 4 ---
Emad Hanna 
From: 
Curtis Royston 
Sent: 
Wednesday, April 01, 2009 10:26 AM 
To: 
Daphne Wallace 
Subject: 
FW: FW: Aprovaltil LlatiGitittF111(11 
Please order materials 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [malltoleevacation@imail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, April 01, 2009 8:56 AM 
To: Curtis Royston 
Subject: Re: FW: Aproval of concrete materials 
ok 
On Wed, Apr I, 2OO9 at 9:55 AM, Cunis Royston 
NEED THIS STUFF - 
From: Curtis Royston 
Sent: Monday, March 30.2009 1:29 PM 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: Aproval of concrete materials 
Jeffrey. 
Please approve for Concrete Mix -- Total S17,850 
Stone - S6.600 
Manufactured sand - S4.250 
Columbian sand — $7.000 
This is for Island Projects & Mechanical Building 
Thank you. 
Emad Hanna; Monique Harry 
wrote: 
EFTA00591438

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591439.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591439.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarter. 8-3. St 'locus. USVI 00802.1346 
T: 340.773.8100 
17:344:%%5.8108 
Date of Request 4116109 
Requested By: Bruce White 
Time Frame for Purchaso/Repair upon approval 
urgent no 
Inventory: 
Other. 
Item/ I term Requested: 
Pallet „beim 
PurposelDescription: 1 for engineering, 1 for main storage. To move pallets 
Company Name:Global Industrial 
Website or Special Purchase Instructions: 
Purchase Price:$199.00 ea /:).= 3 ‘ci 
.20), so3 
Tax: none 
Shipping Cost (Attach Quote) TBD by Emad 
truc,kitropicat 
Other. 
Total Expected CostTBD 
Deposit Required? Yes: 
S 
or 
Payment Method: 
House Acct, to be billed: 
Check: 
Wire Transfer. 
Credit Card of Requester. 
Quote Attached: YesX 
No: 
Competitive Quotes Obtained? 
If No, Why Not 
Authorization: 
47, 
QS
-
VK tr60:a 
Ship Viz 
pd afrt 
No:X 
L&J Company Card: X 
Yes: X 
No: 
R0LSSLZ6 
u!LuPv rSl 
damn 60 01. KIV 
EFTA00591439
--- PAGE 2 ---
EOUIPMENT COMPANY, INC. 
Oadakttsstnal COT 
Please Remit To: 
Global Industrial Equipment 
PO BOX 905713 
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina 
28290 
(770)822.5600 
Invoice No 
Invoice Date 
Customer No. 
103036807 
04.16-2009 
Order 
No. 
244 
Order Date 
751593 
Cust. Phone 
12121891-6..14 
EFTA00591440
--- PAGE 3 ---
Lyn cEn tau, 33:4i 
.Plutit,313Kti 
VI TECH° DIESEL 
PAGE 
04/64 
V.I. TECNO DIESEL SERVICE , INC 
P.O. BOX 9009 
15-C, HAVENSIGHT 
ST. THOMAS V 100801 
TEL. 776-3080 
SOLO TO 
LITTLE ST JA.1.2.5 
/5V VYM
IIVI
DATE 
SALE NO 
lØ 
2760 
CHECK NO. 
PAYMENT MET/4OO 
(TVA 
OSSMFMON 
OTv 
RATE 
AMOUNT 
rim P 
PAO3OP-1O 
ID 
190 
00 
NOTE P 
PØ12 
5.10 
5100 
NOTE P 
PA03O‘16 
837 
K3 30 
Total 
Pea 3
( --T-2O.519 60 
EFTA00591441
--- PAGE 4 ---
WHOLESALE BUILDING PRODUCTS 
American Export Company 
2401 PGA Blvd., #190 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
561-799-3664 Fax 561-799-3665 
Name I Address 
Brice Gordon 
Little St. James Island 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B3 
St. Thomas. USVI 00802 
Ship To 
QUOTE 
Quote N 
Date 
R904243 
4r2312009 
Brice Gordon 
Little Si. James Island 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Terms 
Rep 
FOB 
SHIP TIME 
NET DUE. 
JACK 
SOUTH FLORIDA 
Oty 
Unit 
Description 
Puce 
Total 
5~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~5~5 
PARKER PHASTKRINIP MODEL 89C•062 
6.232.19 
6232.19
DIE 43 SERIES 4 
106.49 
106.49 
DIE 43 SERIES 6 
106.49 
106.49 
DIE 43 SERIES 8 
106.49 
106.49 
DIE 43 SERIES 10 
106.49 
106.46 
DIE 43 SERIES 12 
106.49 
106.49 
DIE 43 SERIES 16 
106.49 
106.49 
DIE 71 SERIES 16 
100.63 
100.63 
DIE 78 SERIES 12 
122.89 
122.84 
DIE 78 SERIES 16 
122.89 
1,1.89 
450 
P1147ITC-4 HOSE 
2.89 
1.300.50 
350 
PI147 ITC-6 HOSE 
3.35 
1.172.50 
400 
PII47 1 TC-8 HOSE 
3.8s 
1.552.00
275 
P1135ITC-10 TUFF COVERED HOSE 
5.70 
1.567.50 
230 
01B51TC-12 TUFT COVERED HOSE 
8.68 
1.996.40 
PI I772TC-I 6 4000 PSI 
13.25 
662.50 
lill7S2TIC•12 5000 PSI 
19.99 
99930 
PI 1782TC.16 5000 PSI 
26.87 
1.612.7.0 
('11 10143.64 FITTING 
3.78 
22.6,, 
PAI0I 4344 FITTING 
4.33 
17.32 
PAI0143-12-I2 FITTING 
7.55 
30.20 
PA10143.16.12 FITTING 
12.22 
48.10( 
PA10343-14 FITTING 
3.79 
7.58 
FAI0343.6.6 FITTING 
4.49 
17.96 
PAI0343-10-8 FITTING 
6.86 
27.44 
PAI0343-12-I2 FITTING 
7.94 
31.7o 
Total 
Signature 
Phone ft 
Fax tt 
E-mall 
Web Site 
561.799.3664 
561.-,P+.3665 
mik<tAtnericartExportCompany.com 
a 
- 
muw.AmericanExponCompany.com 
EFTA00591442
--- PAGE 5 ---
WHOLESALE BUILDING PRODUCTS 
American Export Company 
2401 PGA Blvd., #190 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
561-799-3664 Fax 561-799.3665 
Name I Address 
Brice Gordon 
Little St. James Island 
6100 Red llook Quarters B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Ship To 
QUOTE 
Quote 
Data 
89i 
4123/2009 
Bricc Gordon 
Little St. James Island 
6100 Red Hook Quarters 133 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Terms 
Rep 
FOB 
SHIP TIME 
NET DUE 
JACK 
SOUTH FLORIDA 
Oty 
Unit 
Description 
Price 
Total 
EA 
PA10543.86 FITTING 
6.12 
24.4% 
EA 
PA10571-I6-16 FITTING 
27.65 
110.60 
EA 
I'A1064344 FITTING 
3.94 
78.80 
EA 
PAI0643-6-6 MTING 
4.55 
91.00 
EA 
PA1064343-6 FITTING 
4.82 
48.20 
LA 
PA10643.8.8 FT1TING 
5.82 
116.40 
LA 
PA10643-104 FITTING 
6.12 
122.40 
EA 
PA10643.10-I0 FITTING 
11.65 
69.90 
EA 
RA10643.12-12 FITTING 
10.47 
83.76 
EA 
PA10671.I6-I6 FITTING 
22.4s 
224.80 
S EA 
PAI074341-8 FITTING 
7.11,
57.44 
EA 
PAI1343-8-8 FITTING 
14.73 
58.92 
EA 
PAI1778-12-12 FITTING 
49.95 
99.90 
EA 
PA11978•12-12 FTTTING 
48.89 
97.78 
EA 
PAI37434-1 FITTING 
10.75 
21.50 
EA 
PAI3743-6-6 FITTING 
11.39 
22.78 
EA 
I'A13743.84i FITTING 
12.15 
48.64 I 
EA 
PAt3943.44 FITTING 
10.48 
62.8s 
EA 
PAI3943-84 FITTING 
13.11,
79.0s 
EA 
PA13943.12.12 FITTING 
22.88 
91.52 
EA 
PA14143-12-12 FITTING 
28.10 
112.40 
EA 
PA19243.64 FITTING 
15.23 
91.3% 
EA 
PA19243.8.8 FITTING 
16.90 
101.40 
S EA 
1'M10243.843 FITTING 
30.00 
240.00 
EA 
PA1314344 FITTING 
14.72 
29.44 
I LA 
PA11743-8-6 FITIIN(i 
15.52 
62.08 
Total 
Signature 
Phone ir 
Fax 0 
E-mail 
Web Site 
561.799.3664 
...r,i ma::: 
mike@AmericanExpoeCompany.com 
.... 
- 
www.AmericanExponCompany.com 
EFTA00591443
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00591444
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00591445

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591446.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591446.pdf
----------------------------------------
The evolutionary dynamics of RNA-guided gene drives 
Charleston Noble., Jason Olejarz., ..., George M. Church & Martin A. Nowak 
The genetic manipulation of wild populations has been discussed as a solution to a number 
of humanity's most pressing ecological and public health concerns, including the 
eradication of insect-borne diseases such as malaria, the reversal of herbicide and pesticide 
resistance in agriculture, and the control of destructive invasive speciesl'2. Enabled by the 
recent CRISPR/Cas9 revolution in genome editing;, RNA-guided gene drives-selfish 
genetic elements which can spread through wild populations even if they confer no 
advantage to their host organism—are rapidly emerging as the most promising 
approach2,4-10. Before this technology reaches real-world application, however, it is 
imperative to develop a deep theoretical understanding of the potential long-term outcomes 
of drive release in a wild population. Toward this aim, we here present the first 
evolutionary dynamics study of RNA-guided gene drives. In particular, we show that drive 
spread occurs along one of four distinct classes of trajectories—two of which are 
counterintuitive and previously unreported—and we derive simple conditions based on 
tunable design parameters which are sufficient to yield evolution toward a desired 
outcome. Furthermore, our results imply a simple design for `threshold gene drives' which 
spread only if released at a sufficiently high initial frequency, providing a practical 
mechanism for localized containment of gene drive spread" l''. 
Gene drives are selfish genetic elements which bias their own inheritance and spread 
through populations in a super-Mendelian fashion (Fig. la). Various examples can be found in 
nature, including transposons'4, Medea elements1s, and segregation distorters16, but so-called 
These authors contributed equally to this work 
EFTA00591446
--- PAGE 2 ---
homing endonuclease gene drives have received the most significant attention in the literature. In 
general, these function by converting drive-heterozygotes into homozygotes through a two-step 
process: (1) the drive construct, encoding a sequence-specific endonuclease, induces a double-
strand break (DSB) at its own position on a homologous chromosome, and (2) subsequent DSB 
repair by homologous recombination (HR) copies the drive into the break site (Fig. lb). Any 
sequence adjacent to the endonuclease will be copied as well; if a gene is present we refer to it as 
`cargo', as it is `driven' by the endonuclease through the population. 
Though originally proposed over a decade agog, the chief technical difficulty of this 
approach—inducing precisely targeted cutting—has only recently been overcome by the 
discovery and development of the CRISPR/Cas9 system3'17. Briefly, Cas9 is an endonuclease 
whose target site is prescribed by an independently expressed guide RNA (gRNA) via a 20-
nucleotide protospacer sequence. Due to the large space of possible 20-nucleotide sequences, 
virtually any position in a genome can be uniquely targeted by Cas9, and thus so-called RNA-
guided gene drives can be constructed simply, requiring only the engineering of a suitable 
Cas9/gRNA construct2. 
Previous studies have provided experimental proofs-of-concept for endonuclease gene 
drives in small laboratory populations4-738 or considered the population genetics of gene drives 
under specific conditions"9.2°, but none have explored the evolutionary dynamics of gene drives 
in general. Of particular concern is the potential for emergence of drive resistance within a 
population, which has not been studied in any depth previously. This can occur if non-
homologous end joining (NHEJ) is employed rather than HR in repairing a drive-induced 
double-strand break; this pathway typically introduces a small insertion-deletion mutation at the 
endonuclease target sequence, resulting in the creation of a drive-resistant allele rather than the 
EFTA00591447
--- PAGE 3 ---
desired duplication of the drive allele (Fig. lb). Far from an unlikely scenario, NHEJ is strongly 
favored over HR in many organisms21-23.
To understand the potential behaviors of RNA-guided gene drives, we here consider a 
genetics-based evolutionary dynamics model. In particular, we study the evolution of a 
population of diploid organisms and focus on a specific locus which has three alleles, the wild-
type (A), the gene drive (D), and a drive-resistant allele (R) which is a loss-of-function variant of 
the wild-type (Fig. lb). To abstract the cellular-level drive dynamics, we assume that the wild-
type allele in an AD heterozygote is converted to a drive allele with probability P or to a drive-
resistant allele with probability 1-P (Fig. lc). Both the drive and resistant alleles are immune to 
targeting by the endonuclease and thus are not converted similarly. A simple biological 
interpretation for P is the chance that double-strand break repair occurs by HR rather than NHEJ, 
and this varies from as low as P-41.25 in mammalian cells23 to as high as P=.1 in yeasts  24. 
To describe the population-level dynamics of gene drive spread, we assume that gene 
drive release occurs in an infinite, randomly mating population with viability selection. For the 
sake of simplicity, we assume that the drive confers a dominant fitness cost c on its host 
organism, while the resistant allele confers a recessive cost s (Fig. 1d). We consider the former 
justified by the high cutting efficiency of Cas9 paired with its potential for off-target cleavage3
and the latter by the relative rarity of dominant loss-of-function mutations25. Note that both of 
these parameters can be tuned when engineering gene drive systems: c can be increased either by 
including a costly (dominant) cargo gene in the drive construct or by engineering purposeful off-
target cleavage, while s can be increased or decreased simply by choosing more- or less-
essential genes for targeting by the drive. 
EFTA00591448
--- PAGE 4 ---
Depending on these costs, gene drive release in a population results in one of four long-
term behaviors (Fig. 2). Each occurs in a distinct regime in parameter space, and these are 
separated by simple, linear boundaries: sx and c=P/(1+P) (Fig. 2a and 2b). The former 
intuitively divides the space based on whether the drive allele or resistant allele is more costly, 
while the latter can roughly be thought of as the minimum cost for which the drive no longer 
achieves super-Mendelian inheritance. To see this, consider an AD heterozygote. If D were to 
follow standard Mendelian inheritance, then the next generation would inherit it with probability 
Pm=1/2. If, instead, D were a gene drive as described above, then the next generation would 
inherit it with probability PD.(1-c)(1+P)/2. Super-Mendelian inheritance then requires that 
PO> PM, implying that (1-c)(1+P)> 1, or equivalently, c <P/(1+P). 
Two of these regimes, I and IV, produce the expected dynamics. If the drive is fairly 
neutral and resistance is costly (Regime I), then the drive eventually spreads to fixation (Fig. 2c 
and Fig. 3a). Resident wild-type populations are susceptible to invasion by infinitesimal initial 
drive perturbations (SI Sections 3.1 and 3.4), and near fixation, the drive is itself resistant to 
invasion (SI Sections 3.2 and 3.5). Furthermore, fully-resistant populations are also susceptible 
(SI Sections 3.3 and 3.6), implying that the drive wins in any resident population. If, 
alternatively, the drive is costly and resistance is less costly (Regime IV), both the gene drive and 
resistant alleles go extinct (Fig. 2c and 3d). More precisely, wild-type populations are immune to 
invasion (SI Sections 3.1 and 3.4), while drive populations are susceptible to invasion by the 
resistant allele (SI Sections 3.2 and 3.5), and resistant populations are susceptible to invasion by 
the wild-type allele (SI Sections 3.3 and 3.6). 
The other two regimes, II and III, yield counterintuitive and previously unreported 
behavior. Of particular interest is Regime II, wherein the drive is costly but resistance is costlier. 
EFTA00591449
--- PAGE 5 ---
Here we observe what we term threshold-dependent drive fixation (Fig. 2c and Fig. 3b). If the 
drive is introduced at a sufficiently high frequency in a wild-type population, it goes to fixation, 
otherwise the population returns to its initial wild-type state. Mathematically, this is due to 
bistability: wild-type populations are immune to invasion (SI Sections 3.1 and 3.4), but so are 
populations with a fixed drive allele (SI Sections 3.2 and 3.5). The boundary between these two 
behaviors then manifests itself as a threshold (which we refer to as the `invasion threshold') (Fig. 
2c). On the other hand, if the drive is fairly neutral with resistance even more-so (Regime III), 
then we observe coexistence of all three alleles (Fig. 2c and Fig. 3c). This behavior can again be 
explained by the stability of the various fixed points—each allele, at fixation, is susceptible to 
100 
invasion by at least one of the other alleles (SI Sections 3.1-3.6). Regardless of initial conditions, 
101 
the system spirals into an interior fixed point (given in SI Section 5) which appears to be stable. 
102 
Next we consider how these dynamics vary within the regimes themselves. Toward this 
103 
aim, we have taken the two most useful regimes—I and II—and studied their most salient 
104 
features: the speed of drive spread (Fig. 4a) and the invasion threshold (IT) (Fig. 4b). To quantify 
105 
the former, we calculate the time before the drive allele reaches a frequency of 90%, which we 
106 
denote t90. Intuitively, this decreases as the drive becomes more neutral and as resistance 
107 
becomes more costly (Fig. 4a), while increasing the conversion probability P increases the size 
108 
of the regime over which fixation occurs (Fig. 2b) and speeds up drive fixation for set costs (Fig. 
109 
4a). The invasion threshold in Regime II is less intuitive: the resistance cost affects whether the 
110 
threshold behavior occurs at all but does not appreciably affect the value of the threshold (Fig. 
111 
4b), while the threshold does increase with the drive cost, from nearly IT-0 at the lower 
112 
boundary (c=1)/(1+P)) to IT.' as the drive approaches lethality (c=1). Again, the conversion 
113 
probability P simply determines the size of the regime over which threshold behavior occurs. 
EFTA00591450
--- PAGE 6 ---
114 
Our results suggest that gene drive resistance—not considered in any depth previously-
115 
must be thoroughly understood before the technology reaches real-world application. Most 
116 
important is the possibility of `cost-free resistance'. If an organism evolves resistance through a 
117 
mechanism which bears no cost, for example a synonymous mutation in the Cas9 protospacer 
118 
sequence, a fourth allele will emerge which is constrained to the horizontal (s=0) axis in Figure 
119 
2a, and this allele will always out-compete the gene drive at equilibrium. Indeed, this effect-
120 
drive fixation followed by extinction—has been observed in taxonomic and phylogenetic 
121 
analyses of natural homing endonuclease genes26-27. To address this problem, drive resistance 
122 
could likely be delayed, although not entirely precluded, by the use of an RNA-guided gene 
123 
drive system employing multiple guide RNAs which all target a particular locus, as suggested by 
124 
Esvelt et a12. If cutting were induced by two or more guides simultaneously, then repair by NHEJ 
125 
would result in a loss of the intervening sequence and disrupt target gene function. This strategy, 
126 
while intuitively appealing, should be validated by further theoretical study. 
127 
In contrast to the canonical goal of gene drives—to spread as effectively as possible-
128 
there are also applications for which containment to a local population is required. For example, 
129 
the mosquito Culex quinquefasciatus is invasive to Hawaii and, as the principal vector for avian 
130 
malaria, has been implicated in the extinction of a variety of endemic avian species28. Thus it 
131 
might be a desirable goal to locally eradicate or otherwise modify Hawaiian C. quinquefasciatus 
132 
without affecting its native populations elsewhere. Toward this aim, a gene drive system could 
133 
be engineered to exist in our Regime II (Fig. 2 and Fig. 3b) and would naturally constitute a 
134 
threshold drive: assuming that the flux of mosquitos from Hawaii to other populations is 
135 
sufficiently low, any escaped drive allele would go extinct upon arrival. Previously considered 
136 
methods for constructing such drives—based on engineered underdominance or toxin-antidote 
EFTA00591451
--- PAGE 7 ---
137 
systems—require high introduction frequencies to spread in the intended population and ignore 
138 
the problem of drive resistance' 132; thus we believe our method to be a significant advance 
139 
toward the engineering of threshold-based gene drives. 
140 
Methods 
141 
Evolutionary dynamics model 
142 
Throughout this work we study a genetics-based evolutionary dynamics model; to avoid making 
143 
any explicit allele frequency assumptions, we first consider the evolution of six types of diploid 
144 
individuals, xAA, xDD, XRR, XAM X RD, and X RA, where A, D, and R correspond to the wild-type, 
145 
gene drive, and resistant alleles as described above. We enforce a density constraint such that, at 
146 
any given time, the total number of individuals sums to one. In this way, we track the frequencies 
147 
of the various individuals rather than their total abundances. 
148 
In the Supplementary Information (Section 1) we derive a continuous-time model for the 
149 
evolutionary dynamics of this population assuming (1) an infinitely large population, (2) random 
150 
mating, (3) standard segregation of allele pairs at meiosis, unless an individual is AD, in which 
151 
case gametes receive a D allele with probability 1/2 (1+P) or an R allele with probability 1/2 (1-P), 
152 
and (4) selection dynamics as described in Fig. Id. This continuous-time model makes no 
153 
explicit assumptions regarding allele frequencies, but our simulations show that it is equivalent 
154 
to a simpler model (derived from the individual-based model) where we instead track the allele 
155 
frequencies with explicit Hardy-Weinberg frequency assumptions; this suggests that the 
156 
assumptions are valid, and thus we consider the allele-based model throughout the results 
157 
presented in the main text, reducing the dimensionality of the system from five (six types of 
158 
individuals with the density constraint) to two (three alleles with a density constraint). 
EFTA00591452
--- PAGE 8 ---
159 
In this simpler model, we consider the frequencies of the A, D, and R alleles, denoted p, 
160 
(4. and r respectively. In continuous time, these follow 
dp 
= [P2 + Pr 
(PP]
dq 
Tit= y[(1 — c)(1 + P)pq + (1— c)q2 + (1— c)rq — coq]
dr a = 
P)pq + (1— s)r2 + (1— c)rq + rp — girt 
161 
where 9 is chosen to enforce our density constraint p+q+r=1. 
162 
Invasion and stability of fixed points 
163 
To the system of differential equations above, we make the substitution p= I -q-r. Then the 
164 
(autonomous) system above is described by 
dq = fq(q,r) 
dr 
dt =fr(q,r). 
• 
165 
We Taylor expand to linearize the system near a given fixed point (q• ,r ) and consider the 
166 
Jacobian, given by 
raqa 
(qtr.) 
I
aq 
j(qtrt) = afr l (qtr.) 
ar 
ft.'
Or l(ft) 
167 
To determine the conditions for which allele invasion occurs in various resident populations, we 
168 
then perform linear stability analysis of fixed points via consideration of the eigenvalues of the 
169 
Jacobian. In particular, we consider the fixed points corresponding to wild-type fixation (0,0), 
EFTA00591453
--- PAGE 9 ---
170 
drive fixation (1,0), and resistant allele fixation (0,1). When an eigenvalue is zero and linear 
171 
stability analysis is inconclusive, we also perform perturbation analysis to determine the invasion 
172 
conditions (see Supplementary Information). 
173 
Parameter values for main text figures 
174 
Fig. 2a: an intermediate conversion probability was chosen, P
.S. Fig. 2c: the conversion 
175 
probability P was as in panel a, P=0.50. Cost parameters were chosen to most clearly illustrate 
176 
the behaviors in the four regimes. Regime I: c=0.20, s=0.55, Regime II: c=0.40, 53.55, Regime 
177 
III: c=0.I.5, s=0.09, Regime IV: c=0.40, s=0.09. Fig. 3: here all parameters are as in Fig. 2c, with 
178 
initial drive frequencies qo as follows. Regime I: q0=0.01, Regime II: q0=0.20 and (10=0.40, 
179 
Regime III: 43=0.01, Regime IV: q0=0.40. In each case, we set the initial wild-type allele 
180 
frequency to one minus the initial drive frequency with no resistant allele. Fig. 4, Top: all 
181 
parameters were chosen identically to the corresponding panels (Regime I and Regime II) in Fig. 
182 
3. Middle: P=0.25, Bottom: P=0.90. Throughout panel a, we use q0=0.01. In Fig. 4b, we 
183 
determined the invasion threshold for each (c,s) pair using a binary search-type numerical 
184 
algorithm which identifies the threshold down to a resolution of r (r-4).01). More precisely, we 
185 
initialize variables L=0 and U=1 and run a simulation with an initial drive frequency mid-way 
186 
between U and L, qe(U-L)/2 (with the initial wild-type frequency being 1-q0). If after T=200 
187 
the drive frequency is higher than its initial value, we consider qo to be above the threshold and 
188 
set U=(U-L)/2. Otherwise we consider qo to be below the threshold and set L=(U-L)/2. The 
189 
algorithm then continues recursively until IL-UI<r, at which point we make the approximation 
190 
that the threshold occurs at qo=(U-L)/2. 
191 
EFTA00591454
--- PAGE 10 ---
192 
1. 
Burt, A. Site-specific selfish genes as tools for the control and genetic engineering of 
193 
natural populations. Proc. BioL Sci. 270,921-928 (2003). 
194 
2. 
Esvelt, K. M., Smidler, a. L., Catteruccia, F. & Church, G. M. Concerning RNA-guided 
195 
gene drives for the alteration of wild populations. Elife 3, e03401 (2014). 
196 
3. 
Mali, P., Esvelt, K. M. & Church, G. M. Cas9 as a versatile tool for engineering biology. 
197 
Nat. Methods 10, 957-63 (2013). 
198 
4. 
Gantz, V. M. & Bier, E. The mutagenic chain reaction: A method for converting 
199 
heterozygous to homozygous mutations. Science (80-. ). (2015). 
200 
doi: 1 0.1126/science.aaa5945 
201 
5. 
DiCarlo, J. E., Chavez, A., Dietz, S. L., Esvelt, K. M. & Church, G. M. RNA-guided gene 
202 
drives can efficiently bias inheritance in wild yeast. bioRxiv (Cold Spring Harbor Labs 
203 
Journals, 2015). doi:10.1101/013896 
204 
6. 
Windbichler, N. et at. A synthetic homing endonuclease-based gene drive system in the 
205 
human malaria mosquito. Nature 473,212-215 (2011). 
206 
7. 
Windbichler, N. et at. Homing endonuclease mediated gene targeting in Anopheles 
207 
gambiae cells and embryos. Nucleic Acids Res. 35,5922-33 (2007). 
208 
8. 
Gurwitz, D. Gene drives raise dual-use concerns. Science (80-. ). 345,1010 (2014). 
209 
9. 
Oye, K. A. et at. Regulating gene drives. Science (80-. ). 345,626-8 (2014). 
210 
10. 
Akbari, B. O. S. et at. Safeguarding gene drive experiments in the laboratory. Science (80-
211 
. science.aac7932— (2015). doi:10.1126/science.aac7932 
212 
II. 
Akbari, O. S. et at A synthetic gene drive system for local, reversible modification and 
213 
suppression of insect populations. Curr. BioL 23,671-7 (2013). 
214 
12. 
Marshall, J. M. & Hay, B. a. Confinement of gene drive systems to local populations: A 
215 
comparative analysis. J. Theor. Biol. 294,153-171 (2012). 
216 
13. 
Sinkins, S. P. & Gould, F. Gene drive systems for insect disease vectors. Nat. Rev. Genet 
217 
7, 427-435 (2006). 
218 
14. 
Charlesworth, B. & Langley, C. H. The population genetics of Drosophila transposable 
219 
elements. Amt. Rev. Genet. 23,251-287 (1989). 
220 
15. 
Chen, C.-H. et at. A Synthetic Maternal-Effect Selfish Genetic Element Drives Population 
221 
Replacement in Drosophila. Science (80-. ). 316,597-600 (2007). 
222 
16. 
Lyttle, T. W. Segregation distorters. Annu. Rev. Genet. 25,511-557 (1991). 
EFTA00591455
--- PAGE 11 ---
223 
17. 
Mali, P. et aL RNA-guided human genome engineering via Cas9. Science 339, 823-6 
224 
(2013). 
225 
18. 
Simoni, A. et aL Development of synthetic selfish elements based on modular nucleases in 
226 
Drosophila melanogaster. Nucleic Acids Res. 42, 7461-72 (2014). 
227 
19. 
Deredec, A., Burt, A. & Godfray, H. C. J. The population genetics of using homing 
228 
endonuclease genes in vector and pest management. Genetics 179, 2013-2026 (2008). 
229 
20. 
Deredec, A., Godfray, H. C. J. & Burt, A. Requirements for effective malaria control with 
230 
homing endonuclease genes. Proc. NatL Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 108, E874-80 (2011). 
231 
21. 
Khanna, K. K. & Jackson, S. P. DNA double-strand breaks: signaling, repair and the 
232 
cancer connection. Nat. Genet. 27, 247-254 (2001). 
233 
22. 
Vilenchik, M. M. & Knudson, A. G. Endogenous DNA double-strand breaks: production, 
234 
fidelity of repair, and induction of cancer. Proc. NatL Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 100, 12871-
235 
12876 (2003). 
236 
23. 
Mao, Z., Bozzella, M., Seluanov, A. & Gorbunova, V. Comparison of nonhomologous 
237 
end joining and homologous recombination in human cells. DNA Repair (Amst). 7, 1765-
238 
(2008). 
239 
24. 
DiCarlo, J. E. et at Genome engineering in Saccharomyces cerevisiae using CRISPR-Cas 
240 
systems. Nucleic Acids Res. 41, 4336-43 (2013). 
241 
25. 
Griffiths A. J. F. An Introduction to enetic Anal wis. 
. H. Freeman 2005). at 
242 
243 
26. 
Burt, A. & Koufopanou, V. Homing endonuclease genes: the rise and fall and rise again of 
244 
a selfish element. Curr. Opin. Genet. Dev. 14, 609-15 (2004). 
245 
27. 
Goddard, M. R. & Burt, A. Recurrent invasion and extinction of a selfish gene. Proc. NatL 
246 
Acad. Sci. 96, 13880-13885 (1999). 
247 
28. 
Iii, C. V. R., Riper, S. G. Van, Goff, M. L. & Laird, M. The Epizootiology and Ecological 
248 
Significance of Malaria in Hawaiian Land Birds. EcoL Monogr. 56, 327-344 (1986). 
EFTA00591456
--- PAGE 12 ---
V nal Ina 
b 
♦ 
Gone th.o 
WM Iwo (k) 
• 
• 
• • 
• • 
• • • • • • • • 
249 
Gaye 0M< (D) 
Howloaoka 
Non Hamactaut 
Racentnatim(HR) 
Era Joao" (MCA 
Horrozygoas CO 
)1,, DO 
AO 
t/3." RD 
IrgeMd 
pcdis 
due- nailed 
(R) 
meterozywis RD 
d 
Genorype I AA I AD I AR I DO I OR I RR 
Fitness I I 
1-c 
1-c 1-c 1-s 
250 
Figure 1 I Endonuclease gene drives undergo biased inheritance in wild populations. a, Matings between wild 
251 
type (AA) and gene drive (DD) individuals yield homozygous DD offspring, allowing for rapid spread of the gene 
252 
drive allele. b, This is accomplished by conversion of heterozygous AD cells to homozygous DD cells in the early 
253 
embryo or late germline. The gene drive carries an endonuclease (red) which cuts the wild type allele at its own 
254 
position on a homologous chromosome (blue). Homologous recombination (HR) then uses the drive chromosome as 
255 
a template to repair the break, inserting a new drive construct at the break site. Alternatively, repair by non-
256 
homologous end joining (NHEJ) produces a small insertion/deletion mutation, protecting the site from future 
257 
recognition by the endonuclease. c, Our model abstracts this process using a parameter P which is roughly the 
258 
probability of repair by HR. d, We assume that the gene drive has a dominant fitness cost c, while resistant alleles 
259 
have a recessive fitness costs. 
260 
261 
262 
263 
264 
265 
266 
EFTA00591457
--- PAGE 13 ---
267 
a 
DINO 'mita. 
b 
OHM cool lc) 
barciares 
OA 
• 
OA 
COOxIanc4 of 
all allehas 
. 
• 
• 
" 
r0 
ElthnaCel of Cle,0 arc 
,sils.t steins 
.... 
• P 
•th//
///
/4//1 
j
• • ..... 
• • 
/ 
So< 
P////////////: 
‘‘ I • ...... 
• • • • • • ..... 
7///////////////( 
fi 
L 
• 
CU 
0A 
II 
OA 
I 
Olive Squaw, (q) 
Om,  frePancY PO 
268 
Figure 2 I The relative fitness costs of the gene drive (c) and the resistant allele (s) determine four distinct 
269 
long-term behaviors. a. Phase diagram depicting the regimes in which each of the four behaviors occur. b, The 
270 
phase boundaries in a. The vertical boundary is determined by the probability of successful repair by HR, while the 
271 
diagonal boundary divides the space based on which fitness cost is greater. c, Representative phase portraits for each 
272 
regime. 
273 
274 
275 
276 
EFTA00591458
--- PAGE 14 ---
• 
277 
s 
- 
q, < thratold 
- 
threstald 
MG 
123 
140 
o 
II 
1CO 
156 
203 
353 
lime (generalcre) 
Time (gen:Mons) 
278 
Figure 3 I The four regimes in Fig. 2 produce diverse dynamic behaviors. Example simulations depicting allele 
279 
frequencies of the gene drive (red), wild-type (green), and resistant alleles (blue) for each of the regimes in Fig. 2. a 
280 
through d demonstrate Regimes I through IV, respectively. In b, two simulations are depicted: one with an initial 
281 
gene drive frequency below the invasion threshold (dashed lines) and one above (solid lines). 
282 
283 
284 
EFTA00591459
--- PAGE 15 ---
— Dos iro3 tot 
invasion lasholda
.
1\ 
11••• (gswariars) 
Tim (ganniters) 
O. 
IT , 
OS 
l03 
I 
a 60 
285 
J ul
4020 
'
co 
V
ilsesshidOakinsr 
1.0 
II , 
Pe 
Pe 
o 
0.5 
We OM (A 
0.5 
Onro mei lc) 
04 
I 
0
I 
IT 04 
I 04 
f
0.1 
o 
core 
Dews cost (C) 
0.5 
Dm* cost (3) 
286 
Figure 4 I The speed of gene drive spread and the invasion threshold are both tunable based on the fitness 
287 
costs of the gene drive (c) and the resistant allele (s). a. The time (in generations) before a gene drive reaches a 
288 
frequency of 90%, denoted 190 (illustrated at top, red). Pictured below are heat maps of 1% as a function of the drive 
289 
cost and resistance cost for organisms having low (middle, P = 0.25) or high HR rates (bottom. P = 0.90). b, The 
290 
invasion threshold, denoted IT, for drives in Regime II (illustrated at top, blue). Below are heat maps for organisms 
291 
with low (middle, P = 0.25) or high HR rates (bottom, P = 0.90). Dashed black lines represent the regime boundaries 
292 
in Fig. 2b. 
EFTA00591460

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591461.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591461.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:013-cv-80736-.M Document 401-2 Entered on FLED Docket 06/02,017 Page 1 of 33 
GOVERNMENT 
EXHIBIT 
EFTA00591461
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 2 of 33 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA 
JANE DOE I AND JANE DOE 2, 
Petitioners, 
vs. 
UNITED STATES, 
Respondent. 
GOVERNMENT'S RESPONSE AND OPPOSITION TO PETITIONERS' MOTION FOR 
PARTIAL SUMMARY JUDGMENT AND CROSS-MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT 
Respondent United States of America, by and through its undersigned counsel, files its 
Response and Opposition to Petitioners' Motion for Partial Summary Judgment and Cross-
Motion for Summary Judgment, and states: 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Petitioners contend the Government violated their rights under the Crime Victims' Rights 
Act ("CVRA"), 18 U.S.C. § 3771, by: (I) failing to confer with them (D.E. 361 at 48-51; (2) 
failing to treat them with fairness (D.E. 361 at 51-53); and (3) failing to provide petitioners with 
reasonable and accurate notice (D.E. 361 at 54-55). 
The Government disputes many of the facts which petitioners contend are not in dispute, 
and have controverted those facts in the accompanying Response to Petitioners' Statement of 
Uncontroverted Facts. Indeed, many of the so-called "facts" are legal conclusions or argument 
of petitioners' counsel. The undisputed facts establish that the Government is entitled to 
judgment as a matter of law, because it did not violate the CVRA rights of either petitioner. 
EFTA00591462
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 3 of 33 
II. 
JANE DOE NO. 2 CANNOT INVOKE THE CVRA BECAUSE 
SHE OPENLY OPPOSED AND WAS HOSTILE TO THE 
PROSECUTION OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Petitioners have not distinguished the roles of Jane Doe No. 1 and Jane Doe No. 2, other 
than to assert that Jeffrey Epstein sexually abused both. However, the differing circumstances 
of the two petitioners during the investigation of Epstein are highly relevant in determining 
whether each petitioner can even invoke the CVRA. 
Through her attorney, James Eisenberg, Esq.,' Jane Doe No. 2 refused to be interviewed 
by the FBI and U.S. Attorney's Office unless she was granted immunity. Ex. A, Sept. 21, 2006 
Is. from Eisenberg to AUSA Villafafia; Ex. S, ¶16-12. Thus, she was unwilling to provide any 
information regarding her encounters with Epstein unless she was assured her statements would 
not be used against her in a criminal prosecution. In accordance with her request, the 
Government obtained immunity under 18 U.S.C. § 6001 in order to obtain information from Jane 
Doe No. 2. Ex. B; Ex. S,11[6-12. 
On April 24, 2007, Jane Doe No. 2 was interviewed by FBI Special Agents E. Nesbitt 
Kuyrkendall and Jason Richards and AUSA Marie Villafafia, in the presence of her attorney, 
James Eisenberg, Esq. Ex. C; Ex. R, 15; Ex. S, ¶ 12. Jane Doe No. 2 described her meetings 
with Epstein, and Epstein's offer to pay her $200 to bring girls to him. Ex. C at 20. When asked 
whether Epstein "pulled you closer to him in a sexual way," Jane Doe No. 2 replied: 
A. 
I wish. No, no, never, ever, ever, no, never. Jeffrey is an awesome 
man, no. 
Id. at 22. At the end of her interview, Jane Doe No. 2 was asked if she had any questions for the 
agents or AUSA Villafafia. Id. at 57. Jane Doe No. 2 responded: 
A. 
No, but I hope — I hope Jeffrey, nothing happens to Jeffrey because he's an 
Eisenberg's services were paid for by Epstein. Ex. S, 17. 
EFTA00591463
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 4 of 33 
awesome man and it would really be a shame. It's a shame that he has to 
go through this because he's an awesome guy and he didn't do nothing 
wrong, nothing. 
Id. at 58. 
By her conduct, Jane Doe No. 2 plainly demonstrated that she did not view herself as a 
victim and did not seek to be treated as such, and she made clear her desire for the investigation 
to be resolved without charges being filed against Epstein. Several months after that videotaped 
interview, Attorney Eisenberg was asked whether AUSA Villafafia could contact Jane Doe No. 2 
directly and was told that contact had to occur via Mr. Eisenberg. Ex. S,1 14. 
In seeking summary judgment, Jane Doe No. 2 bears the burden of coming forward and 
showing that there are no facts in dispute regarding her desire to consult with the prosecutor and 
her status as a victim. Jane Doe No. 2 has provided no sworn testimony or other evidence 
suggesting that during the period between the videotaped interview and the signing of the Non-
Prosecution Agreement ("NPA"), she wished to confer with an attorney for the Government or 
any Government agent, felt that she was treated unfairly, or that she failed to receive reasonable 
or accurate notice. 
Jane Doe No. 2 has not only failed to carry her burden but the evidence shows that there 
is no genuine issue of material fact'- that Jane Doe No. 2 did not want to be treated as a victim 
with the rights provided by the CVRA. The person who pointedly denied being a victim of 
criminal activity perpetrated by Epstein, was represented by counsel paid for by Epstein, 
regarded Epstein as "an awesome man," refused to be interviewed unless immunity was granted, 
For an issue to be "genuine" precluding summary judgment, there must be "sufficient 
evidence favoring the nonmoving party for a jury to return a verdict for that party. If the 
evidence is merely colorable, or is not significantly probative, summary judgment may be 
granted." Anderson v. Liberty Lobby, Inc., 477 U.S. 242, 250, 106 S. Ct. 2505, 2511 (1986) 
(internal citations omitted). 
EFTA00591464
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 5 of 33 
and hoped that Epstein would not be prosecuted cannot argue now that her rights as a victim 
were violated when the Government and Epstein entered into a non-prosecution agreement.' 
Similarly, to the extent the CVRA applies at all to Jane Doe No. 2, Jane Doe No. 2 cannot 
contend that she was not treated with fairness and with respect for her dignity and privacy 
because the Government honored her requests that the Government only communicate with her 
through attorney Eisenberg and took into consideration her expressed desire not to see Epstein 
prosecuted. See Ex. S, 9191 6-15: Ex. R. 11 3-6. The Government is entitled to summary judgment 
as to Jane Doe No. 2's claims. 
III. 
THERE IS NO RIGHT TO NOTICE OR TO CONFER ABOUT A 
NON-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT 
Section 3771(a)(5) provides that a crime victim has "[t]he reasonable right to confer with 
the attorney for the Government in the case." Petitioners maintain the "right to confer" means 
the Government was obligated to notify Jane Doe No. 1 of its intention to enter into a non-
prosecution agreement with Epstein. The Government does not dispute that the NPA was signed 
on September 24, 2007, and Jane Doe No. I was not told about the NPA until October 2007. 
However, the Government disagrees with petitioners' implicit assertion that a victim's statutory 
"right to confer" is a "right to be notified." 
In § 377I (a)(2), Congress provided that a crime victim has "[t]he right to reasonable, 
accurate, and timely notice of any public court proceeding, or any parole proceeding, involving 
the crime or of any release or escape of the accused." The term "notice" is absent from § 
3771(a)(5). Congress's decision not to use the word "notice" in § 3771(a)(5) is significant 
Jane Doe No. 2's exculpatory statements regarding Epstein were not lost on his 
attorneys. A December 21, 2007 letter from Jay Lefkowitz, one of Epstein's attorneys, to U.S. 
Attorney Acosta, devoted two pages examining Jane Doe No. 2's interview testimony on April 
24, 2007. Ex. D at 9-15. 
EFTA00591465
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 6 of 33 
because "[i]t is generally presumed that Congress acts intentionally and purposely where it 
includes particular language in one section of a statute but omits it in another." Lippert v. 
Community Bank, Inc., 438 F.3d 1275, 1279 (11th Cir. 2006), citin Bledsoe v. Palm Beach 
County Soil & Water Conservation Dist. 133 F.3d 816, 824 (11th Cir. 1998), and Russello v. 
United States 464 U.S. 16, 23 (1983) ("[W]here Congress includes particular language in one 
section of a statute but omits it in another section of the same Act, it is generally presumed that 
Congress acts intentionally and purposely in the disparate inclusion or exclusion.") (citation 
omitted). 
Section 377I(a)(5) provides a right of a crime victim to confer with the prosecutor in the 
case, but does not impose an obligation on the prosecutor to provide notice of a non-prosecution 
agreement. Section 3771(a)(5) obligates a prosecutor to give access to a crime victim to discuss 
issues brought up by the victim. It does not impose a duty on a prosecutor to give notice about a 
particular development in the case, nor to consult with every victim about every such 
development, other than what is required in § 3771(a)(2). "Confer" and "notice" have separate 
and distinct meanings. "We refrain from concluding here that the differing language in the two 
subsections has the same meaning in each." Russello 464 U.S. at 23. 
At the inception of the Epstein investigation, the U.S. Attorney's Office provided letters 
to the victims. On or about August 4, 2006, Jane Doe No. 2 was sent a letter describing her 
rights under the CVRA, and providing contact information for the prosecutor. Ex. E; Ex. S, J 5. 
On or about August 11, 2006, Jane Doe No. 1 received a similar letter. Ex. F; Ex. S, 1 5. Both 
letters provided the name of the FBI agent handling the Epstein investigation, her phone number, 
the identity of the prosecutor, and her phone number. Plainly, both Jane Doe No. 1 and Jane Doe 
No. 2 had the means to contact the FBI agent and the prosecutor regarding any concerns about 
EFTA00591466
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 7 of 33 
the investigation. If they wanted to confer with the prosecutor, they only had to call her or the 
FBI agent. They did not. Ex. S, 
5, 13, 31; Ex. R, 
6, 7. In other words, the victims had the 
"right to confer" with the prosecutor, if they wanted and asked to do so. The attorney for the 
Government, however, had no statutory obligation to engage in unsolicited consultation with a 
victim who had never requested to confer. 
Petitioners refer to the May 2015 amendment of the CVRA to support their argument that 
the CVRA applies prior to the initiation of formal charges in a federal court. D.E. 361 at 48 
n.I75. More than seven years after the NPA was signed and nearly 7 years after this matter was 
filed, Congress added a new subsection, 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(9), which gave victims "[t]he right 
to be informed in a timely manner of any plea bargain or deferred prosecution agreement." 
Section 113(a), Pub. L. No. 114-22, 129 Stat. 227 (May 29, 2015). 
But neither that 2015 amendment nor § 3771(a)(5) imposed a legal duty on the 
Government to notify petitioners of the non-prosecution agreement signed in 2007. It is well-
settled that, "[w]hen Congress acts to amend a statute, we presume it intends its amendment to 
have real and substantial effect." Stone v. INS 514 U.S. 386, 397 (1995). The legislative 
history of Congress's addition of a new provision requiring prosecutors to timely inform crime 
victims of a plea bargain or deferred prosecution agreement illustrates that Congress believed the 
pre-existing version of § 3771(a)(1)-(8) did not encompass those subjects. 
Further, Congress's specific reference to plea bargains and deferred prosecution 
agreements (DPA), but not non-prosecution agreements (NPA), is telling. "DPA's differ from 
NPA's primarily with regard to the filing of criminal charges. With an NPA, `formal charges are 
not filed and the agreement is maintained by the parties rather than being filed with a court.' 
United States v. Fokker Services B.V., 818 F.3d 733, 738 (D.C. Cir. 2016) (citation omitted). 
EFTA00591467
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 8 of 33 
"Non-prosecution agreements are similar to plea agreements, except adherence to a non-
prosecution agreement is the responsibility of the prosecutor alone while a plea agreement is 
subject to the approval of the court." United States v. Dorsett, 2009 WL 2386070 at *4 (D. Neb. 
Jul. 23, 2009), citing United States v. Minnesota Mining & Mfg. Co. 551 F.2d 1106, 1112 (8th 
Cir. 1977). Congress's inclusion of two events, which both address formal criminal charges that 
have already been filed in court, but excluding non-filed NPA's, further supports the 
Government's contention that § 3771(a)(5)'s right to confer did not arise until a formal criminal 
charge had been filed. Indeed, it makes no sense to conclude that conferring about an NPA is 
required where notification of an NPA is still not required after the 2015 amendments. 
Congress's addition of § 3771(a)(9) demonstrates it wanted to close a gap in the statute. 
Indeed, the legislative history of the amendment demonstrates that the provision sought to add to 
and strengthen the existing rights found in the CVRA by ensuring notice of plea agreements and 
deferred prosecution agreements: 
Finally, this legislation would strengthen the rights of crime victims. The bill 
would amend the Crime Victims' Rights Act to provide victims with the right to 
be informed in a timely manner of any plea agreement or deferred prosecution 
agreement. The exclusion of victims in these early stages of a criminal case 
profoundly impairs victims' rights because, by the nature of these events, there 
often is no later proceeding in which victims can exercise their rights. 
161 Cong. Rec. S106 (daily ed. Jan. 8, 2015) (statement of Sen. Feinstein, for herself and for 
Sens. Portman, Comyn, Gillibrand, and Kirk) (addressing Senate Bill 140, the Combat Human 
Trafficking Act of 2015, which contained a provision, later incorporated into the Justice for 
Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 that amended the CVRA, adding "[t]tle right to be informed 
in a timely manner of any plea agreement or deferred prosecution agreement" to 18 U.S.C. 
§ 3771(a)). Indeed, many of the supporters and sponsors of the legislation explained that one of 
the purposes of the legislation was to create a requirement that ensured that crime victims would 
EFTA00591468
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 9 of 33 
be informed of plea agreements and deferred prosecution agreements in their cases. See 161 
Cong. Rec. S1345 (daily ed. Mar. 10, 2015) (statement of Sen. Thune) ("Among the bill's many 
victim-related provisions are . . . a notification requirement to ensure that trafficking victims are 
told of any plea bargains or deferred prosecution agreements in their case ...."); 161 Cong. Rec. 
S1398 (daily ed. Mar. 11, 2015) (statement of Sen. Reid) ("It keeps victims of trafficking and 
child pornography informed regarding any plea bargain or deferred prosecution related to their 
cases."); 161 Cong. Rec. S1466 (daily ed. Mar. 12, 2015) (statement of Sen. Hoeven) ("It 
ensures that Federal crime victims are informed of any plea bargain or deferred prosecution 
agreement in their case . ...'); 161 Cong. Rec. 51466 (daily ed. Apr. 21, 2015) (statement of 
Sen. Hoeven) ("This bill has many important, strong points 
 It also ensures that Federal 
crime victims are informed of any plea bargain or deferred prosecution agreement in their case 
and clarifies that the ordinary standard of appellate review applies in cases concerning Federal 
crime victims' rights petitions.... This legislation will help for all of those reasons."). 
The presumption is that Congress intends to change the law when it enacts amendments. 
Bailey v. United States, 52 Fed. Cl. 105, 110 (2002), citin Wallace v. Jaffree 472 U.S. 38, 59 
n.48 (1985). Here, not only did Congress change the law by creating a victim notification 
requirement for plea bargains and deferred prosecution agreements, it decided not to create such 
a requirement for non-prosecution agreements in the amended § 3771(a)(9). Moreover, 
§ 377I (a)(9) does not require advance notice of a plea offer or proposed deferral of prosecution 
while such resolutions are being considered or negotiated by the Government; rather, the plain 
language of § 377I(a)(9) only requires that notice be provided "in a timely manner" after a plea 
bargain or deferred prosecution agreement has come into existence. 
Even if the CVRA can apply prior to the filing of a formal charge, the scope of the duty 
EFTA00591469
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 10 of 
in § 3771(a)(5) does not extend to NPAs, and certainly not to inchoate NPAs, where the 
amended statute still does not even require notice to a crime victim of an NPA. Consequently, 
there was no duty to notify Jane Doe No. 1 or Jane Doe No. 2 of the NPA nor to confer with 
them about it. 
IV. 
THE GOVERNMENT DID NOT VIOLATE 
PETITIONERS' RIGHT TO CONFER 
Petitioners nonetheless contend the Government violated their right to confer in three 
separate time periods: (1) on and before September 24, 2007, when the Government was 
negotiating and signing the NPA; (2) in and around January 2008, when it sent letters to the 
victims counseling patience while the Government finished its investigation, but did not tell them 
about the NPA; and (3) in and around June 30, 2008, when the Government did not tell the 
victims that Epstein's state plea would effectively "extinguish their rights to ever see Epstein 
prosecuted." D.E. 361 at 49. 
As to the first time period, the Government had no duty under § 3771(a)(5) to notify or 
confer with petitioners about the NPA, particularly when neither petitioner had asked to confer 
about any charging decisions or any potential resolution of the investigation. Section III, supra.
As to the second period, in and around January 2008, there can be no dispute that 
Epstein's attorneys aggressively sought review of the NPA at higher levels within the 
Department of Justice, seeking relief from the obligations Epstein had undertaken in that 
agreement. First, he raised challenges to the United States Attorney's exercise of his 
prosecutorial discretion with the Assistant Attorney General and with the Child Exploitation and 
Obscenity Section (CEOS), within the Criminal Division of the DOJ in Washington, D.C. See 
Exs. G, K, L. Indeed, from late 2007 to May 2008, Epstein's attorneys attempted to 
convince senior attorney at CEOS that Epstein had not committed any federal crimes, and they 
EFTA00591470
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 11 of 
submitted lengthy documents reviewing the evidence and case law, advocating the position that 
Epstein had only violated Florida law, if any crime had even been committed, and suggesting 
that the Florida state courts were the appropriate forum for adjudicating his criminal 
responsibility. smE ., Exs. G, V. Meetings were held between CEOS officials and Epstein's 
attorneys, in which Epstein sought to have the NPA overturned. See Ex. H at 1. 
With these ongoing feverish attempts to set aside the NPA by Epstein's attorneys, the 
U.S. Attorney's Office prudently proceeded with the investigation and preparation for a criminal 
prosecution. Ex. S, ¶ 34-36; see also Ex. R, 110. The January 2008 letters from the FBI 
regarding the continuing investigation of Epstein were not deceptions, as suggested by 
petitioners. They reflected the investigative team's view that there might well be a federal 
prosecution and that at least some of the victims would become prosecution witnesses at trial. 
Ex. S, 
35-36; see also Ex. R, 1 10. 
On May 15, 2008, the Chief of the CEOS sent Jay Lefkowitz, Esq., a five-page letter, 
explaining the inquiry it conducted of the federal criminal investigation of Epstein. Ex. H. The 
letter concluded that "federal prosecution in this case would not be improper or inappropriate." 
Undeterred, Epstein next sought further review, ultimately proceeding to the Office of the 
Deputy Attorney General. Additional letter briefs were submitted by Epstein's attorneys to the 
Deputy Attorney General. Ex. V. On June 23, 2008, John Roth, Senior Associate Deputy 
Attorney General, wrote to Messrs. Leflcowitz and Starr, advising them that "federal prosecution 
of this case is appropriate." Ex. I. Mr. Roth also told Epstein's attorneys that their allegations of 
prosecutorial misconduct had been reviewed, and that the Office of the Deputy Attorney General 
saw "nothing in the conduct of the U.S. Attorney's Office that gives us any reason to alter our 
opinion." Id. 
I0 
EFTA00591471
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 12 of 
Given the extraordinary efforts that Epstein's attorneys expended to obtain higher-level 
review of the criminal prosecution, and the possibility that DOJ officials might relieve Epstein of 
his obligations under the NPA, it was only reasonable and prudent for the U.S. Attorney's Office 
to assume that a federal criminal prosecution of Epstein might still proceed. Seasoned 
prosecutors know it is folly to assume, based on defense representations, that a criminal 
defendant will plead guilty, or his plea will be accepted by the Court, and not prepare for trial. 
Indeed, a federal criminal prosecution remained a very viable possibility until Epstein entered his 
guilty plea to state charges, was sentenced, and performed his obligations in accordance with the 
NPA. 
Petitioners next contend the Government, in and around June 30, 2008, failed to tell "the 
victims that the state plea would effectively extinguish their rights to ever see Epstein 
prosecuted." D.E. 361 at 49. As a threshold matter, the premise of this argument is completely 
wrong since the victims had no "right" to see Epstein prosecuted. In American jurisprudence, "a 
private citizen lacks a judicially cognizable interest in the prosecution or nonprosecution of 
another." Linda R.S. v. Richard D. 410 U.S. 614, 619 (1973). Simply put, Epstein's state plea 
under the NPA could not extinguish any victim's right to prosecution since no such right 
existed.4
Just as petitioners had no right to see Epstein prosecuted, they also have no right to 
judicial review of the U.S. Attorney's reasons for entering into an NPA with Epstein. Petitioners 
assail the Government, stating that "despite the fact that this case has been in litigation for more 
than seven years spanning several hundred pleadings, the Government does not write even a 
single sentence explaining why it entered into an NPA with a sex offender who had committed 
hundreds of federal sex offenses against young girls." D.E. 361 at 50. Despite Petitioners' 
insinuations, however, the Government has not set forth its rationale for entering into the NPA 
during the course of this litigation for the simple reason that that the Executive Branch's exercise 
of prosecutorial discretion is not subject to judicial review. "[D]ecisions to dismiss pending 
criminal charges — no less than decisions to initiate charges and to identify which charges to 
bring — lie squarely within the ken of prosecutorial discretion." Fokker, 818 F.3d at 742. The 
EFTA00591472
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 13 of 
As to the third time period, when the Government found out on Friday, June 27, 2008, at 
approximately 4:15 p.m., that Epstein's plea had been scheduled by state officials for 8:30 a.m., 
Monday, June 30, 2008, the prosecutor and the Palm Beach Police Department attempted to 
provide notice to all the victims. D.E. 14, 1 II; Ex. S 1 38. The prosecutor contacted attorney 
Edwards by phone to advise him of the state court plea hearing. (a) At that time, Edwards 
represented Jane Doe No. 1 and Jane Doe No. 2. (ti) This placed both petitioners on notice that 
Epstein would be pleading guilty on June 30, 2008, in Palm Beach Circuit Court. 
Petitioners' arguments and the record in this case simply do not establish that there was 
any violation of the petitioners' right to confer. See also Section III, supra, at 5-6. 
Supreme Court has repeatedly emphasized that "[w]hether to prosecute and what charge to file or 
bring before a grand jury are decisions that generally rest in the prosecutor's discretion " United 
States v. Batchelder 442 U.S. 114, 124 (1979), and the CVRA explicitly states that "[n]othing in 
th[e] [Act] shall be construed to impair the prosecutorial discretion of the Attorney General or 
any officer under his direction," 18 U.S.C. § 3771(d)(6). 
As the Supreme Court explained when reviewing a claim that a passive prosecutorial 
enforcement scheme violated the First and Fifth Amendments, the Government's broad 
discretion as to whom to prosecute 
rests largely on the recognition that the decision to prosecute is particularly ill-
suited to judicial review. Such factors as the strength of the case, the 
prosecution's general deterrence value, the Government's enforcement priorities, 
and the case's relationship to the Government's overall enforcement plan are not 
readily susceptible to the kind of analysis the courts are competent to undertake. 
Judicial supervision in this area, moreover, entails systemic costs of particular 
concern. Examining the basis of a prosecution delays the criminal proceeding, 
threatens to chill law enforcement by subjecting the prosecutor's motives and 
decisionmaking to outside inquiry, and may undermine prosecutorial 
effectiveness by revealing the Government's enforcement policy. All these are 
substantial concerns that make the courts properly hesitant to examine the 
decision whether to prosecute. 
Wayte v. United States, 470 U.S. 598, 607-08 (1985); see also Fokker, 818 F.3d at 737-738 
(noting the long-settled understandings about the independence of the Executive with regard to 
charging decisions and concluding that "[n]othing in the [Speedy Trial Act's] terms or structure 
suggests any intention to subvert those constitutionally rooted principles so as to enable the 
Judiciary to second-guess the Executive's exercise of discretion over the initiation and dismissal 
of criminal charges"). 
EFTA00591473
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 14 of 
V. 
THE GOVERNMENT DID NOT VIOLATE PETITIONERS' § 3771(a)(2) 
RIGHT TO REASONABLE, ACCURATE, AND TIMELY NOTICE 
Petitioners contend that they are entitled to partial summary judgment on their claim that 
the Government violated their CVRA "right to reasonable, accurate, and timely notice of any 
public court proceeding . .. involving the crime," as set forth in 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(2), with 
respect to the Florida state court proceeding in which Epstein pled guilty to state crimes. D.E. 
361 at 54-55. The law and the undisputed factual record in this case establish, however, that the 
Government in no way violated § 3771(a)(2). The only public court proceedings that took place 
involving crimes committed by Epstein occurred in state court, and the CVRA does not create 
any right to notice of any state court proceeding. Moreover, even if it did, the Government 
provided Jane Doe No. 1 and Jane Doe No. 2 with notice of Epstein's state court proceeding that, 
under the circumstances, was reasonable, accurate, and timely. Accordingly, petitioners' request 
for partial summary judgment on the claimed violation of 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(2) must be 
denied, and the Government is instead entitled to summary judgment on that claim. 
A. 
The CVRA Did Not Create a Right to Notice of Epstein's State Court Proceedings 
Although petitioners contend that they had a statutory right to notice of the June 30, 2008 
state court proceeding in which Epstein pled guilty to state court criminal charges, the CVRA 
extends statutory notice rights to victims of federal crimes for federal court proceedings. As the 
CVRA's legislative history reveals, the CVRA's statutory scheme is designed to confer rights 
upon crime victims in the federal judicial system, not in the various state judicial systems. See. 
e.g., H.R. Rep. 108-711, at 10, 2004 U.S.C.C.A.N. 2274, 2283 ("This section amends Title 18 to 
codify eight statutory rights of crime victims in the Federal judicial system.") (addressing 
Section 102 in Report's Section-by-Section Analysis and Discussion section) (Sept. 30, 2004). 
Indeed, the CVRA's general definition of "crime victim" does not include those who are harmed 
EFTA00591474
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 15 of 
as a result of the commission of state criminal offenses. 18 U.S.C. § 3771(e)(2)(A) ("The term 
`crime victim' means a person directly and proximately harmed as a result of the commission of 
a Federal offense or an offense in the District of Columbia."). 
The only provisions of the CVRA that even address state criminal proceedings are found 
in 18 U.S.C. § 3771(b)(2)—a provision that addresses collateral federal habeas proceedings that 
arise from state criminal convictions. For purposes of such federal habeas proceedings that 
challenge a state conviction—but only for such purposes—the CVRA defines "the term `crime 
victim' [to] mean[] the person against whom the State offense is committed or, if that person is 
killed or incapacitated, that person's family member or other lawful representative." 18 U.S.C. 
§ 3771(b)(2)(D). Federal prosecutors do not have any obligation to provide notice of such 
federal habeas proceedings or of any state court proceeding. See 18 U.S.C. § 3771(b)(2)(C) 
("This paragraph relates to the duties of a court in relation to the rights of a crime victim in 
Federal habeas corpus proceedings arising out of a State conviction, and does not give rise to any 
obligation or requirement applicable to personnel of any agency of the Executive Branch of the 
Federal Government.").5
Petitioners argue that the Epstein's June 30, 2008 state court proceeding was a "court 
proceeding" within the meaning of the CVRA "because the NPA was directly involved in the 
proceedings in state court." D.E. 361 at 54 & n.176. If, as petitioners contend, the terms "court" 
and "court proceeding" in the CVRA included state courts and state court proceedings, then the 
CVRA would impose obligations on state courts and govern state court criminal proceedings 
anytime that a state proceeding involved a criminal offense that could also be charged federally, 
see. e.g., 18 U.S.C. § 3771(b)(1)—but the CVRA simply does not extend to state courts or state 
court proceedings. See, e.g., State v. Skipwith, 123 A.3d 104, 108 & n.6 (Conn. App. Ct. 2015) 
(rejecting applicability of CVRA to state proceeding). The "courts" and "court proceedings" 
addressed in the CVRA are only federal courts and federal court proceedings. Indeed, the only 
trial court other than a federal district court that has been included within the scope of the 
CVRA's provisions is the Superior Court of the District of Columbia. See 18 U.S.C. 
§ 3771(e)(3). Moreover, under petitioners' argument, state court rulings would be subjected to 
review by federal courts. See. e.g., 18 U.S.C. §§ 3771(d)(3) and (e)(1)(A). Any interpretation of 
the CVRA that would extend the Act's reach to regulate state courts and state court criminal 
EFTA00591475
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 16 of 
B. 
The Government Provided Reasonable, Accurate, and Timely Notice of 
Epstein's State Court Proceedings 
Even if federal prosecutors had an obligation to provide notice of state court proceedings, 
the Government provided Jane Doe No. I and Jane Doe No. 2 with reasonable, accurate, and 
timely notice of the Florida state court proceeding in which Epstein entered guilty pleas to state 
charges. As set forth above, see Section IV, supra, at 12, when the Government learned on 
Friday, June 27, 2008, at approximately 4:15 p.m., that Epstein's plea to state charges had been 
scheduled by state officials for 8:30 a.m., AUSA Villafarla specifically called and informed Brad 
Edwards, the attorney for petitioners, of the date and time of Epstein's state court plea hearing. 
Ex. S I 38. Attorney Edwards informed AUSA Villafafia that someone would be present for him 
at the hearing. Id. Under the circumstances, and given Mr. Edwards' representation that 
someone would be present, the notice that was provided to petitioners was reasonable, timely, 
and accurate. 
VI. 
THE GOVERNMENT DID NOT TREAT THE VICTIMS UNFAIRLY 
Petitioners next claim the Government did not treat them with fairness, in violation of 
section 3771(a)(8). D.E. 361 at 51-53. They focus on the victim letters sent by the Government 
in 2008, advising them that the case was under investigation, see Ex. J, and maintain this was a 
deception since the NPA had already been signed. This argument is meritless since the 
undisputed facts reveal that there was no deception. In January 2008, when the letters were sent 
proceedings and provide review of state court rulings by federal appellate courts would not only 
lack support in the Act's text and legislative history but would also raise serious Tenth 
Amendment federalism concerns. See, e.g., Heath v. Alabama, 474 U.S. 82, 93 (1985) ("The 
Constitution leaves in the possession of each State `certain exclusive and very important portions 
of sovereign power.' The Federalist No. 9, p. 55 (J. Cooke ed. 1961). Foremost among the 
prerogatives of sovereignty is the power to create and enforce a criminal code.") (citing Alfred L. 
Snapp & Son. Inc. v. Puerto Rico ex rel. Barez, 458 U.S. 592, 601 (1982); McCulloch v. 
Maryland, 4 Wheat. 316, 418, 4 L. Ed. 579 (1819))-
EFTA00591476
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 17 of 
by the FBI, Epstein's attorneys were actively engaged in attempts to convince higher levels of 
the DOJ that there was no basis for a federal prosecution of Epstein and that the U.S. Attorney's 
Office had abused its prosecutorial discretion in negotiating the NPA. The NPA itself was 
attacked on a number of grounds, including the provision for compensation of Epstein's victims. 
Ex. K, Nov. 28, 2007 Ltr. from Kenneth W. Starr to Assistant Att'y Gen. Alice S. Fisher. 
The Government cannot be faulted for properly recognizing that the NPA might be set 
aside by the efforts of Epstein's attorneys at the DOJ, or that Epstein would fail to satisfy the 
terms of the NPA. The Government had continued its investigation because prudence dictated 
that the Government continue its investigation and preparations to be ready to move forward 
with a criminal prosecution of Epstein. See Section IV, supra, at 9-12; Ex. R, 1 10; Ex. S,11 34-
36. 
Petitioners also assail the Government for agreeing with defense attorneys to stop 
notifying victims, and agreeing to notify victims only after Epstein entered his plea. D.E. 361 at 
53. But there were legitimate reasons for the Government to delay notifying the victims of the 
terms of the NPA. If a prosecution of Jeffrey Epstein were to occur, the prosecution's witnesses 
would consist of young women who were teenaged girls when they were sexually abused by 
Epstein and who accepted money from Epstein for giving him sexual massages. In turn, the 
defendant was a wealthy and socially prominent financier, who had virtually limitless resources 
to investigate the backgrounds of each prosecution witness and mount a full-scale attack on each 
young woman's credibility. In a December 11, 2007 letter from Jay Lefkowitz to U.S. Attorney 
Acosta, Epstein previewed the probable impeachment of the victims, outlining claims of prior 
arrests for possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia; stealing from an employer; and 
shoplifting. Ex. L at 9-12. 
EFTA00591477
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 18 of 
Under these circumstances, it was completely appropriate for the Government to avoid 
creating additional impeachment material by not alerting the victims that the Government was 
seeking a resolution that would facilitate their collecting money damages from Epstein. See Ex. 
R, 19; Ex. S, 
21, 34-35. In its first filing in this case on July 9, 2008, the Government 
explained that, after the NPA was signed in September 2007, four victims were contacted and the 
provision for a federal restitution remedy was discussed. D.E. 14,1 8. When Epstein's attorneys 
learned of this, they complained that the Government was incentivizing the victims to overstate 
their involvement with Epstein in order to increase their damage claims. Id. AUSA Villafafia 
and the FBI agents concluded that informing additional victims could compromise both the 
witnesses' credibility and the agents' credibility at a later trial if Epstein reneged on the 
agreement. Id.- Ex. R,1 9; Ex. S, 1 34. 
This strategic decision to limit a potential attack on the Government witnesses' credibility 
was a permissible exercise of prosecutorial discretion, which should not be second-guessed by 
means of a CVRA lawsuit. Congress provided in section 3771(d)(6) that "[n]othing in this 
chapter shall be construed to impair the prosecutorial discretion of the Attorney General or any 
officer under his direction." In United States v. Thetford, 935 F. Supp. 2d 1280 (N.D. Ala. 
2013), victims of a boat theft sought to reopen the defendant's guilty plea. The victims 
complained that the FBI failed to take possession of their stolen boat and did not bring criminal 
charges against the third-party purchaser of the boat. Id. at 1282. The district court rejected this 
claim, noting that the United States Attorney's Office retained broad prosecutorial discretion, 
and the CVRA did not transfer any of that discretion to victims. Id. at 1285. Relying upon 
§ 3771(d)(6), the court stated that, 
[n]ot only do victims not have a veto, they do not have the right to 
dictate Government strategy or demand who to prosecute. Instead, 
EFTA00591478
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 19 of 
the Government has the right, in exercising prosecutorial 
discretion, to recognize "difficulties in proof of culpability." 
Id. at 1285. See also 150 Cong. Rec. S4260-01 (daily ed. Apr. 22, 2004) (statement of Sen. Kyl) 
("This right to confer does not give the crime victim any right to direct the prosecution.")• Jordan 
v. Dep't of Justice, 173 F. Supp. 3d 44, 52-53 (S.D.N.Y. 2016) ("Although those who feel they 
are victims of federal crimes will and should attempt to convince interested agencies to pursue 
prosecution, they cannot dictate the manner, timing, or quantity of conferrals. . . To hold 
otherwise would unnecessarily and unreasonably burden the DOJ and its prosecutors."). 
The strategy to be employed by the Government in criminal investigations and 
prosecutions is plainly part of the prosecutorial discretion shielded by § 3771(d)(6). Judicially 
reviewing the Government's decision to avoid creating impeachment material by not telling 
prosecution witnesses of the potential for obtaining monetary compensation from Epstein would 
impair the prosecutorial discretion of the U.S. Attorney — which § 3771(d)(6) forbids. As to the 
scope of § 3771(d)(6), this Court has previously found that, "to the extent that the victims' pre-
charge CVRA rights impinge upon prosecutorial discretion, under the plain language of the 
statute those rights must yield." D.E. 99 at 10. Therefore, the Government did not violate 
petitioners' CVRA rights by not informing them of the terms of the NPA. 
Petitioners nonetheless further assail those members of the U.S. Attorney's Office and the 
FBI who were involved in the Epstein investigation and its resolution through the NPA, claiming 
that they treated petitioners and other victims without fairness or respect for their dignity and 
privacy, but the undisputed facts in this record belie those claims. During the course of its 
investigation, the Government learned that many of Epstein's victims were troubled by the 
existence of the Government's criminal investigation and a majority expressed concern that their 
identities and their involvement with Epstein might be made public. Ex. R, 112. Many were 
EFTA00591479
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 20 of 
emotionally distressed because of the investigation and these concerns. Id. Some were reluctant 
to talk to the Government, and some refused to talk to the Government. Id. At the same time, 
during the interviews that were conducted with victims from 2006 to 2008, none expressed a 
strong view that Epstein be prosecuted. Id.] 13. Some, like Jane Doe No. 2, even expressed the 
view that nothing should be done to Epstein, provided accounts that Epstein had done nothing 
wrong, and/or maintained that Epstein had committed no crime. See, e.g., Ex. C; Ex. R, 1 5; Ex. 
S,11 10, 12, 19, 24-26, 31. Informed by these circumstances and the strengths and weaknesses 
of the case against Epstein, the U.S. Attorney's Office sought to resolve the matter in its 
prosecutorial discretion in a manner that obtained a guaranteed sentence of incarceration for 
Epstein, that did not subject victims to the scrutiny and travails associated with a trial, that 
provided victims with the equivalent of uncontested restitution from Epstein, and that guaranteed 
the sexual offender registration of Epstein, which would help protect other minors throughout the 
country in the future. Ex. S. 1 18. While the U.S. Attorney's Office did not provide victims with 
advance notice of the negotiated resolution, it did so to ensure that additional impeachment 
evidence would not be created to which the victims, prosecutor, and agents would be subjected 
to the detriment of a future prosecution of Epstein in the event the negotiated resolution of the 
investigation were not perfected. Ex. R,1 9; Ex. S, 1 21. Given these circumstances, even if the 
resolution of the Epstein investigation under the NPA's terms may not have been optimal and 
may be subject to criticism, the discretionary actions of the U.S. Attorney's Office in resolving 
the federal investigation as it did through the NPA simply do not constitute unfair treatment of 
the victims and did not fail to respect the dignity and privacy of the victims. See. e.g. Jordan 
supra, 173 F Supp. 3d at 54 (In analyzing whether the right to dignity has been violated, the 
reason for the government's assessment "is irrelevant to this analysis. Although [the petitioner] 
EFTA00591480
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 21 of 
asks this Court to scrutinize the prosecutors' reasons, ... the CVRA bars this Court from second 
guessing the Government's prosecutorial decisions.") (citing 18 U.S.C. § 3771(d)(6); add'/ 
citations omitted). 
VII. 
THE GOVERNMENT USED ITS BEST EFFORTS TO COMPLY 
WITH THE CVRA 
Section 3771(c)(1) provides that, "[o]fficers and employees of the Department of Justice 
and other departments and agencies of the United States engaged in the detection, investigation, 
or prosecution of crime shall make their best efforts to see that crime victims are notified of, and 
accorded, the rights described in subsection (a)." In this case, the Government did make its best 
efforts in notifying petitioners of their rights under section 3771(a), and to accord them such 
rights, consistent with its exercise of prosecutorial discretion. 
A. 
Compliance with Attorney General Guidelines for Victim and Witness Assistance 
In May 2005, then Attorney General Alberto Gonzales issued the "Attorney General 
Guidelines for Victim and Witness Assistance." Ex. M. Article MD provides definitions of 
"crime victim": 
1. Enforcement of Rights. For purposes of enforcing the rights 
enumerated in article I.B, a victim is "a person directly and 
proximately harmed as a result of the commission of a Federal 
offense or an offense in the District of Columbia" (18 U.S.C. § 
3771(e)) if the offense is charged in Federal district court. If a 
victim is under 18 years of age, incompetent, incapacitated, or 
deceased, a family member or legal guardian of the victim, a 
representative of the victim's estate, or any other person so 
appointed by the court may exercise the victim's rights, but in no 
event shall the accused serve as a guardian or representative for 
this purpose. (18 U.S.C. § 3771(e)). A victim may be a 
corporation, company, association, firm, partnership, society, or 
joint stock company. (1 U.S.C. § 1)(emphasis supplied). 
Under the Attorney General Guidelines, a person could be considered a crime victim for 
purposes of enforcing the rights enumerated in article 1.B (18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(1)-(8)) only if 
EFTA00591481
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 22 of 
the person was directly and proximately harmed as a result of the commission of a Federal 
offense or an offense in the District of Columbia, "if the offense is charged in Federal district 
court." Thus, if there was no offense charged in Federal district court, then a person could not be 
a crime victim for purposes of enforcing the rights in 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(1)-(8). Since Epstein 
was not charged in Federal district court, petitioners were not "crime victims" under the 2005 
Attorney General Guidelines. 
Although this Court in 2011 rejected the view that the rights in the CVRA do not attach 
unless a charge is filed in Federal court, D.E. 99, for purposes of determining whether the U.S. 
Attorney's Office used its best efforts in 2007-2008 to see that crime victims were accorded the 
rights in § 3771(a)(1)-(8), the existing guidance promulgated by the Attorney General of the 
United States informs whether the "officers and employees of the Department of Justice" made 
use of "their best efforts" as required by § 3771(c)(1). The Attorney General is the head of the 
Department of Justice. 28 U.S.C. § 503. Further, the Attorney General shall Ishipervise and 
direct the administration and operation of the Department of Justice, including the offices of U.S. 
Attorneys and U.S. Marshals, which are within the Department of Justice." 28 C.F.R. § 0.5(a). 
The guidance provided by the Attorney General that was in effect in 2007 was that the 
rights in § 3771(a)(1)-(8) were enforceable only by persons who were deemed "crime victims." 
In order to be a "crime victim," a person had to have not only been directly and proximately 
harmed by the commission of a federal offense, but the offense must also have been charged in a 
Federal district court. Since Epstein was never charged with a federal offense in a Federal 
district court, none of the young women he sexually abused could be deemed crime victims with 
enforceable rights under the Attorney General Guidelines. 
Neither the United States Attorney nor his assistants were free to disregard guidelines 
EFTA00591482
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 23 of 
promulgated by the head of the Department of Justice. Because those Guidelines interpreting the 
CVRA were binding on them, and those Guidelines provided that no rights under § 3771(a)(1)-
(8) attached until a charge had been filed in Federal district court, there was no duty under § 
3771(a)(5) to consult with petitioners prior to entering into the NPA. 
Petitioners go to great lengths to cast a sinister pall over the negotiations between the 
U.S. Attorney's Office and Epstein's attorneys over the NPA. D.E. 361 at 19-24. They ignore 
the fact that the Guidelines provided that the petitioners had no right to be consulted about the 
NPA because they were not "crime victims" since no Federal charge had been filed. By 
adhering to the Attorney General's Guidelines on the application and enforcement of the CVRA 
as it sought to address the many competing interests and concerns in this matter, the United 
States Attorney's Office exercised its best efforts to comply with the CVRA. 
To be sure, there were questions raised by subordinates in the U.S. Attorney's Office on 
whether the victims should be notified, despite the absence of a federal charge being filed. 
Indeed, on November 27, 2007, First Assistant U.S. Attorney Jeff Sloman advised Jay Lefkowitz 
by email that the Justice for All Act of 2004 obligated the United States to "notify the victims of 
the anticipated upcoming events and their rights associated with the agreement entered into by 
the United States and Mr. Epstein in a timely fashion." Ex. N, Nov. 27, 2007 email from Sloman 
to Lefkowitz. Epstein's attorneys responded by citing to the Attorney General's Guidelines 
provision stating that there must be a charge filed in a Federal district court before a person could 
be a "crime victim" under the CVRA. Ex. O, Dec. 26, 2007 Ltr. from Jay Lefkowitz to U.S. 
Att'y Acosta at 1-2. 
The mere fact that subordinates within the DOJ had questions about the applicability of 
§ 3771(a)(5) to the young women abused by Epstein does not undermine the Government's 
EFTA00591483
--- PAGE 24 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 24 of 
position that that there was no obligation to notify them of the NPA. Even if these opinions of 
subordinate employees in the DOJ were considered judicial admissions, a party's judicial 
admissions on questions of law have no legal effect.6 Dabertin v. HCR Manor Care, Inc., 68 
F.Supp.2d 998, 1000 (N.D. Ill. 1999). Plainly, at the time the NPA was negotiated in 2007, the 
then-current version of the Attorney General Guidelines provided that none of the young women 
abused by Epstein were considered "crime victims" under the CVRA, and therefore, had no 
enforceable rights under those Guidelines. Given the resolution that the U.S. Attorney's Office 
was seeking to achieve, balancing the competing interests and concerns in this matter in an 
exercise of prosecutorial discretion, see Section VI, supra, at 18-19, and given the fact that the 
Government was trying to minimize damaging impeachment evidence in the event that the 
negotiated resolution embodied in the NPA failed, see Ex. R, ¶ 9; Ex. 5, 111 21, 34, it cannot be 
disputed that the U.S. Attorney's Office used its best efforts when it complied with the binding 
CVRA guidance provided by the Attorney General of the United States as it pursued what it had 
concluded was a proper resolution of the matter. 
VIII. 
PETITIONERS ARE EQUITABLY ESTOPPED FROM 
CHALLENGING THE NPA 
On September 10, 2008, Jane Doe No. 1 filed an action in Palm Beach County. Florida, 
E.W. v. Jeffrey Epstein, Case No. 50-2008-CA-028058-XXXXMB, seeking money damages 
from Jeffrey Epstein for sexually abusing her. Ex. P. On September 11, 2008, Jane Doe No. 2 
file an action in Palm Beach County, Florida, L.M. v. Jeffrey Epstein Case No. 50-2008-CA-
28051-XXXXMB, seeking money damages from Jeffrey Epstein for sexually abusing her. Ex. 
Q. 
"A judicial admission is a formal concession in the pleadings or stipulations by a party 
or counsel that is binding on the party making them." Martinez v. Bally's Louisiana. Inc. 244 
F.3d 474, 476-77 (5th Cir. 2001). 
EFTA00591484
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 25 of 
In Jane Doe No. l's complaint, she alleged in part: 
20. The Plaintiff is included in the list of victims identified by the 
Federal Government as victims of the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's 
illegal conduct. The Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, is thus estopped 
by his plea and agreement with the Federal Government from 
denying the acts alleged in this Complaint, and must effectively 
admit liability to Plaintiff. 
Ex. P, $ 20. Similarly, in Jane Doe No. 2's complaint, she alleged in part. 
20. The Plaintiff is included in the list of victims identified by the 
Federal Government as victims of the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's 
illegal conduct. The Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, is thus estopped 
by his plea and agreement with the Federal Government from 
denying the acts alleged in this Complaint, and must effectively 
admit liability to the Plaintiff. 
Ex. Q., I 20. 
Both petitioners invoked the NPA in their state court liability lawsuits, as a means to 
preclude Epstein from "denying the acts alleged in this Complaint" and to force him to 
"effectively admit liability to the Plaintiff." 
In this lawsuit, petitioners condemn and assail the same NPA which they relied upon to 
preclude Epstein from disputing that he had sexually abused both petitioners and was liable to 
both of them. The doctrine of equitable estoppel precludes petitioners from attacking, in this 
proceeding, the NPA they relied upon in their state court civil actions against Epstein. 
The purpose of the doctrine is to prevent a plaintiff from, in effect, 
trying to have his cake and eat it too; that is, from "rely[ing] on the 
contract when it works to [his] advantage [by establishing the 
claim] and repudiat[ing] it when it works to [his] disadvantage by 
requiring arbitration." 
In re Humana Inc. Managed Care Litigation 285 F.3d 971, 976 (11th Cir. 2002) rev'd on other 
grounds by PacifiCare Health Sys., Inc. v. Book, 538 U.S. 401 (2003), citing Tepper Realty Co. 
v. Mosaic Tile Co., 259 F.Supp. 688, 692 (S.D.N.Y. 1966). 
EFTA00591485
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 26 of 
This case does not involve an arbitration clause which petitioners are seeking to evade, 
but the same equitable estoppel principle applies. "Equitable estoppel precludes a party from 
claiming the benefits of a contract while simultaneously attempting to avoid the burdens that 
contract imposes." Blinco v. Green Tree Servicing LLC 400 F.3d 1308, 1312 (11th Cir. 2005), 
citing Humana, 285 F.3d at 976. As third-party beneficiaries of the NPA, petitioners claimed the 
benefit of the NPA in their state court damage claims against Epstein by arguing that Epstein was 
precluded by the NPA from contesting liability to them. See also Ex. S, 1 26. After successfully 
concluding their damage claims actions, petitioners cannot now allege that the same NPA they 
relied upon was entered into in violation of their rights under the CVRA. Certainly, they cannot 
now claim they were wronged by the very agreement they invoked to seek relief against Epstein. 
IX. 
PETITIONERS ARE JUDICIALLY ESTOPPED FROM CHALLENGING 
THE VALIDITY OF THE NPA 
A separate estoppel doctrine — judicial estoppel — also applies to preclude petitioners 
from attacking the NPA. Under the doctrine, "a party is precluded from `asserting a claim in a 
legal proceeding that is inconsistent with a claim taken by that party in a previous proceeding.' 
Judicial estoppel is an equitable concept intended to prevent the perversion of the judicial 
process." Burnes v. Pemco Aeroplex, Inc. 291 F.3d 1282, 1285 (11th Cir. 2002) (citation 
omitted). Judicial estoppel prohibits "parties from deliberately changing positions according to 
the exigencies of the moment." New Hampshire v. Maine, 532 U.S. 742, 749-50 (2001). 
The Eleventh Circuit has identified three factors to be considered in determining whether 
to apply the equitable doctrine: (1) whether there is a clear inconsistency between the earlier 
position and the later position; (2) a party's success in convincing a court of the earlier position, 
so that judicial acceptance of the inconsistent later position would create the perception that 
either the earlier or later court was misled; and (3) whether the inconsistent later position would 
EFTA00591486
--- PAGE 27 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 27 of 
unfairly prejudice the opposing party. Tampa Bay Water v. HDR Engineering. Inc. 731 F.3d 
1171, 1182 (11th Cir. 2013) citing Robinson v. Tyson Foods. Inc., 595 F.3d 1269, 1273 (11th 
Cir. 2010). 
In their state court tort actions against Epstein, both petitioners invoked the provisions of 
the NPA in their initial complaints, asserting that each of them was included in a list of victims 
prepared by the Federal Government, and identified as victims of Epstein. Further, petitioners 
maintained that, by virtue of Epstein's "plea and agreement with the Federal government," he 
was estopped from denying the acts alleged by petitioners in their complaint, and from denying 
liability. These assertions regarding the legal efficacy of the NPA, such that Epstein was bound 
by his plea and the terms of the NPA from denying petitioners' claims of sexual abuse, plainly 
are contradicted by their present claims that the NPA was entered into unlawfully, and should be 
set aside. 
Petitioners were successful in obtaining monetary settlements of their tort actions against 
Epstein, without the need to proceed to trial. Thus, Epstein ultimately did not contest liability, as 
petitioners claimed he could not, due to his plea and the NPA. In this case, petitioners contend 
the Federal government failed to properly consult with them before entering into the NPA, and 
therefore, the NPA is invalid and should be set aside by this Court. They insist that they wanted 
him prosecuted, and would not have approved of the NPA, if they had been consulted. 
The two positions are completely inconsistent. In the state court, they argued the NPA 
was binding on Epstein, and prevented him from denying their claims of sexual abuse. In this 
court, they contend the NPA was illegally entered into, and should be set aside. If their current 
position is accepted, then petitioners appear to have misled the state court as to the legal efficacy 
of the NPA. If petitioners' state court argument is accepted, then their current argument that the 
EFTA00591487
--- PAGE 28 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 28 of 
NPA is invalid would appear to be a deception of this court. 
Petitioners' current position that the NPA is invalid because they had not been properly 
consulted under the CVRA unfairly prejudices the Government. The NPA was negotiated with a 
view, in part, to providing a mechanism for the victims — underage young women — to obtain 
financial compensation for the harm they suffered due to their sexual abuse by Epstein. This 
objective was achieved since many of the victims, including petitioners, availed themselves in at 
least some way of provisions in the NPA to preclude Epstein from challenging liability, and 
obtained monetary settlements without going to trial. The same NPA that assisted petitioners in 
obtaining compensation is now being challenged as invalid and an abuse of prosecutorial 
authority. Petitioners did not complain about CVRA violations or about any conspiracy between 
Epstein's attorneys and the Government to keep the NPA a secret, or allege that Epstein exerted 
improper influence on federal prosecutors, when they needed the NPA to support their damage 
claims in their state court tort actions. Now that their monetary settlements have been secured, 
the NPA has suddenly become the product of an illegal bargain between Epstein and the 
Government, which petitioners contend should be set aside. 
Petitioners have asserted mutually inconsistent positions regarding the validity of the 
NPA. Judicial estoppel applies to prevent petitioners' gamesmanship from both making use of 
the NPA as a sword to advance their positions and then claiming that the NPA is a ruinous 
instrument that has been used to cause them injury. Indeed, the assertion of such diametrically 
opposed litigating positions could be perceived as making a mockery of the judicial system! 
Neither privity nor detrimental reliance need be established for judicial estoppel to 
apply. "The doctrine of judicial estoppel protects the integrity of the judicial system, not the 
litigants; therefore, numerous courts have concluded, and we agree, that `[w]hile privity and/or 
detrimental reliance are often present in judicial estoppel cases, they are not required." Burnes 
291 F.3d at 1286 (citations omitted); Ryan Operations G.P. v. Santiam-Midwest Lumber Co., 81 
EFTA00591488
--- PAGE 29 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 29 of 
There is a separate basis for estopping petitioners from challenging the NPA: their 
calculated delay in prosecuting this CVRA action until after their civil cases against Epstein had 
been resolved. On July 7, 2008, petitioners filed their Emergency Petition for Enforcement of 
Crime Victim's Rights Act, 18 U.S.C. Section 3771. The Court directed the Government to file 
a response by July 9, 2008, which it did. 
An emergency hearing was held on July 11, 2008, and petitioners' counsel agreed that 
Epstein had entered his pleas of guilty and was serving 18 months of imprisonment by relying, in 
part, on the NPA negotiated with the Government. Ex. Tat 20. Petitioners' counsel also told the 
Court that the matter was not an emergency. Id. 
The Court held a second hearing on August 14, 2008, to determine whether additional 
information was needed to proceed with the pending motion. Ex. U at 2. Petitioners requested 
the Court to direct the Government to produce a copy of the NPA. Id. at 3. Petitioners' counsel 
stated that obtaining the NPA was a preliminary step, and their position would likely always be 
that the victims' rights were violated. Petitioners' counsel then added that, "because of the legal 
consequences of invalidating the current agreement, it is likely not in my clients' best interest to 
ask for the relief that we initially asked for." Id. at 4. 
This Court observed that, "[o]ver the course of the next eighteen months, the CVRA case 
stalled as petitioners pursued collateral civil claims against Epstein. The CVRA case was 
administratively closed on September 9, 2010, and then re-opened at petitioners' request on 
October 28, 2010." D.E. 189 at 5, 1 8. Petitioners' initial position, on July 11, 2008, was that 
the NPA was invalid and illegal "as it did not pertain to the rights of the victim." Ex. T at 6. A 
month later, invalidation of the NPA was "likely not in [petitioners'] best interest," so the initial 
F.3d 355, 359-61 (3d Cir. 1996). 
EFTA00591489
--- PAGE 30 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 30 of 
relief of invalidation was no longer being sought. Ex. U at 4. In the meantime, Epstein 
continued to perform his obligations under the NPA, to serve his jail sentence, to forego his right 
to appeal, to register as a sex offender, and to settle claims with other victims. After petitioners' 
collateral civil litigation against Epstein was concluded, the NPA was again cast as being invalid 
because petitioners had not been consulted prior to the NPA being signed. 
Judicial estoppel should be applied against petitioners because they bowed to the 
exigencies of the moment in formulating their litigating positions. The NPA that was allegedly 
invalid because it was entered into in derogation of their CVRA rights suddenly became a valid, 
binding agreement, at least for 18 months, which could be enforced against Epstein to their 
benefit during that period. Once that benefit was safely secured, the NPA again became an 
invalid agreement that should be set aside by this Court. This manipulation of the judicial 
system is barred by judicial estoppel because it perverts the judicial process. 
X. 
THE GOVERNMENT IS ENTITLED TO SUMMARY JUDGMENT 
The Government is entitled to summary judgment on their defenses of equitable estoppel; 
judicial estoppel; that it exercised its "best efforts" to comply with the CVRA; and that it 
exercised its prosecutorial discretion in determining not to notify petitioners of the NPA in order 
to limit potential impeachment of the victims should the case proceed to trial. 
Moreover, the undisputed facts establish the Government did not violate the CVRA, so 
that petitioners' summary judgment motion should be denied. Jane Doe No. 2 plainly 
demonstrated she had no interest in being informed about the progress of the case, since she 
steadfastly opposed any prosecution of Epstein. I s to Jane Doe No. 1, the text of § 3771(a)(5) 
does not impose a requirement to provide notice of an NPA. Only recently did Congress amend 
§ 3771(a) to add the right "to be informed in a timely manner of any plea bargain or deferred 
EFTA00591490
--- PAGE 31 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 31 of 
prosecution agreement." Noticeably absent is any reference to a non-prosecution agreement 
which, unlike plea bargains and deferred prosecution agreements, does not involve any filing of a 
federal criminal charge in a District Court. 
Additionally, although the government acknowledges that the Court previously denied its 
motion to dismiss for lack of subject matter jurisdiction (D.E. 189), the government now adopts 
and renews the jurisdictional arguments made in its filings seeking dismissal (D.E. 119, 147) as a 
basis for summary judgment based on the undisputed factual record that has since been 
developed in this case. 
/ / / 
/ / / 
/ / / 
EFTA00591491
--- PAGE 32 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 32 of 
Respectfully submitted, 
BENJAMIN G. GREENBERG 
ACTING UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
By: Is/Dexter A. Lee 
Dexter A. Lee 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Fla Bar No. 0936693 
N.E. 4'h Street, Suite 300 
Miami, Florida 33132 
Tel: 
E mail: dexter.lee@usdoj.gov 
/s/A. Marie Villafafia 
A. Marie Villafaila 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Fla Bar No. 0018255 
500 S. Australian Avenue, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Tel: 
E-mail: ann.marie.c.villafana@usdoj.gov 
Zs/Eduardo L Sanchez 
Eduardo I. Sanchez 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Florida Bar No. 877875 
N.E. 4th Street 
Miami, Florida 33132 
Tel: 
Email: eduardo.i.sanchez@usdoj.gov 
Attorneys for the Government 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on June 2, 2017, the foregoing Response and Opposition to 
Petitioners' Motion for Partial Summary Judgment and Cross-Motion for Summary Judgment was 
filed with the Clerk of the Court and served on counsel on the attached service list using CM/ECF. 
Is/Dexter A. Lee 
Dexter A. Lee 
Assistant United States Attorney 
EFTA00591492
--- PAGE 33 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 401-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 33 of 
SERVICE LIST 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Tel: 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, Utah 84112 
Tel: 
E-mail: casselp.@law.utakedu 
Attorneys for Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 
Jacqueline Perczek 
BLACK SREBNICK KORNSPAN & 
STUMPF 
201 S. Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 1300 
Miami , FL 33131 
Tel: 
Email: Pleading@royblack.com 
Roy E. Black 
BLACK SREBNICK KORNSPAN & 
STUMPF 
201 S. Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 1300 
Miami . FL 33131 
Tel: 
Email: Rblack@royblack.com 
Attorneys for Intervenor Jeffrey Epstein 
Dexter A. Lee 
Assistant United States Attorney 
N.E. 4th Street, Suite 300 
Miami, Florida 33132 
Tel: 
E-mail: dexter.lee@usdoj.gov 
A. Marie Villafafia 
Assistant United States Attorney 
500 S. Australian Avenue, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Tel: 
E-mar 
Eduardo I. Sanchez 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Florida Bar No. 877875 
N.E. 4th Street 
Miami, Florida 33132 
Tel: 
Email: eduardo.i.sanchez@usdoj.gov 
Attorneys for the United States 
EFTA00591493

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591494.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591494.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
ELEVENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIRCUIT CIVIL SECTION 34 
CASE NO. 2014-21348-CA-01 
JEAN-LUC BRUNEL, individually; 
and MC2 MODEL & TALENT 
MIAMI, LLC, 
Plaintiffs, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN; 
TYLER McDONALD; and 
TYLER McDONALD d/b/a YLORG, 
Defendants. 
DEFENDANT, JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S PROPOSAL FOR SETTLEMENT 
TO PLAINTIFF, MC2 MODEL & TALENT MIAMI, LLC 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, by and through his undersigned counsel, hereby serves 
this Proposal for Settlement upon Plaintiff, MC2 MODEL & TALENT MIAMI, LLC, pursuant 
to F.S. §768.79 and Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.442: 
1. 
This Proposal is being made pursuant to F.S. §768.79 and Florida Rule of Civil 
Procedure 1.442. 
2. 
This Proposal is made on behalf of Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN. 
3. 
This Proposal is being made to Plaintiff, MC2 MODEL & TALENT MIAMI, 
LLC. 
4. 
This Proposal is directed to, and is intended to resolve, all claims, pled in the 
instant action (Case No. 14-21348 CA 01) including any and all claims for compensatory 
damages, interest, attorneys fees, and costs. 
EFTA00591494
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jean-Luc Brunel, individually, and MC2 Model & Talent Miami, LLC 
vs. Jeffrey Epstein, et al 
11th Judicial Circuit Case No. 2014-21348-CA-01 
Jeffrey Epstein's Proposal for Settlement to MC2 Model & Talent Miami, LLC 
Page 2 
5. 
Plaintiff, MC2 MODEL & TALENT MIAMI, LLC, has not pled a claim for 
punitive damages against Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, individually, although this Proposal 
is intended to resolve all such claims if available. 
6. 
Attorneys fees are not part of the legal claims brought by Plaintiff, MC2 MODEL 
& TALENT MIAMI, LLC, against Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, individually. However, 
this Proposal is intended to resolve all such claims if available. 
7. 
The total amount of this Proposal is Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00) to be paid 
by Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, to Plaintiff, MC2 MODEL & TALENT MIAMI, LLC. 
S. 
The conditions of this Proposal are: (1) that Plaintiff, MC2 MODEL & TALENT 
MIAMI, LLC, shall execute and deliver to the undersigned counsel, the General Release, 
attached hereto, as Exhibit A. and (2) that Plaintiff, MC2 MODEL & TALENT MIAMI, LLC, 
shall, by and through his attorney, execute and deliver to the undersigned counsel the Stipulation 
For Dismissal With Prejudice, attached hereto, as Exhibit B. 
9. 
This Proposal shall expire thirty (30) days from its service, unless withdrawn in 
writing prior to that date. 
10. 
The acceptance of this Proposal must be in writing and must be an acceptance of 
the entire Proposal as outlined above. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been furnished to 
EFTA00591495
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jean-Luc Brunel, individually, and MC2 Model & Talent Miami, LLC 
vs. Jeffrey Epstein, et al 
11th Judicial Circuit Caso No. 2014-21348-CA-01 
Jeffrey Epstein's Proposal for Settlement to Ma Model & Talent Miami, LLC 
Page 3 
Joe Titone, Esq., Counsel for Plaintiffs, 621 S.E. 5th Street, Pompano Beach, FL 33061, E-Mail 
by E-Mail, this 
day of September, 2015. 
W. CHESTER BREWER, JR., P.A. 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Phone 
Fax 
E-Mail: 
By: 
W. CHESTER BREWER, JR 
Florida Bar No. 261858 
EFTA00591496
--- PAGE 4 ---
DRAFT 
GENERAL RELEASE 
TO ALL TO WHOM THESE PRESENTS SHALL COME OR MAY CONCERN: 
MC2 MODEL & TALENT MIAMI, LLC, for and in consideration of the sum of Five 
Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00) lawf-ul money of the United States of America, paid to it by 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, has remised, released, and 
forever discharged, and by these presents does remise, release, acquit, and forever discharge 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, as well as his heirs, survivors, executors, administrators, agents, assigns, 
and attorneys (hereinafter referred to as "Releasees"), of and from all manner of action and 
actions, cause and causes of action, suits, debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, 
bonds, bills, specialties, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, variances, 
trespasses, damages, judgments, executions, claims and demands whatsoever, in law or in equity, 
which MC2 MODEL & TALENT MIAMI, LLC, ever had, now has, or may have against 
Releasees or hereafter can, shall or may have against Releasees, including, but not limited to, all 
claims for compensatory damages, punitive damages, penalties, interest, costs or attorney's fees, 
past, present, and future, and all other damages, without limitation, specifically arising out of that 
certain incident described more particularly in the action entitled JEAN-LUC BRUNEL, 
individually: and MC2 MODEL & TALENT MIAMI. LLC vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN. TYLER 
McDONALD: and TYLER McDONALD d/b/a YLORG, 1 I th District Court Case No. 2014-
21348-CA-01, in and for Miami-Dade County, Florida ("the Action"). 
It is understood and agreed that this settlement is the compromise of a doubtful and 
disputed claim, and that the payment made is not to be construed as an admission of liability on 
the part of the party or parties hereby relesqM, and that Releasees deny liability therefore and 
intend merely to avoid litigation and buy peace. 
Es A 
EFTA00591497
--- PAGE 5 ---
It is understood and agreed that this General Release shall be construed, enforced and 
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida and venue for any action to 
enforce or construe the General Release shall be Palm Beach County, Florida. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, M2 MODEL & TALENT MIAMI, LLC, has hereunto set 
its hand and seal on this 
day of 
, 2015. 
Signed , sealed and delivered 
in the presence of: 
MC2 MODEL & TALENT MIAMI, LLC 
By: 
Witness 
Printed Name and Title 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF 
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, personally appeared, 
on behalf of MC2 MODEL & TALENT MIAMI, LW, who, upon being first duly sworn 
according to law, deposes and says that he executed the foregoing General Release and that the 
representations therein are true and correct to the best of his knowledge and belief. 
SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBED before me this 
day of 
2015. 
Individually Personally Known 
OR Produced Identification 
Type and Number of Identification Produced: 
My Commission Expires: 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
State of Florida at Large 
EFTA00591498
--- PAGE 6 ---
DRAFT 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
ELEVENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIRCUIT CIVIL SECTION 34 
CASE NO. 2014-21348-CA-01 
JEAN-LUC BRUNEL, individually; 
and MC2 MODEL & TALENT 
MIAMI, LLC, 
Plaintiffs, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN; 
TYLER McDONALD; and 
TYLER McDONALD d/b/a YLORO, 
Defendants. 
STIPULATION FOR DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 
COME NOW, the parties herein, by and through their undersigned attorneys, and show 
unto the Court that the parties hereto, Plaintiff, MC2 MODEL & TALENT MIAMI, LLC, and 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, individually, have agreed to amicably settle all claims 
brought in the above-styled cause. 
WHEREFORE, the parties petition this Court for an Order dismissing the claims 
brought by Plaintiff, MC2 MODEL & TALENT MIAMI, LLC, against Defendant, JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN, with prejudice, each party to bear its own attorneys fees and costs. The parties 
further request that the Court retain jurisdiction over this case for a period of sixty (60) days to 
enforce the terms of the settlement. 
JOE TITONE, ESQ. 
Counsel for MC2 Model & Talent Miami, LLC 
621 S.E. 5th Street 
Pompano Beach, FL 33061 
E-Mail: Joetitone708@comcast.net 
By: 
JOE TITONE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 203882 
Dated: 
W. CHESTER BREWER, JR., P.A. 
Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
250 S. Australian Ave., Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
E-Mail: wcblaw@aol.com 
By: 
W. CHESTER BREWER, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 261858 
Dated: 
Es 
EFTA00591499

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591500.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591500.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
NGN 
SERVICE QUOTE 
Date: August 14, 2015 
ISP: Choice Communications 
.cse 
choice
.
Service Offering 
Contract Term: (1 Year) 
100 Mbps Internet 
IP addresses (1) : 
Administration/Site Preparation Fee: 
Total Charges: 
(MRC) 
(NRC) 
$2,200 
Included 
$500.00 
$2,200 
$500.00 
MRC = Monthly recurring charges 
NRC = Non-recurring charges 
Quote valid for 30 days. 
Discounts may apply on multi-year contracts. 
Service Location(s) 
Vessup Beach area to LSJ 
Additional options available: 
Cross Connects 
Additional Bandwidth 
Additional IP Addresses 
Dual attached connectivity 
Colocation 
I APPROVE AND ACCEPT THIS QUOTE 
Print Name 
Signature 
Date 
Confidential Information 
July 14, 2015 
EFTA00591500

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591501.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591501.pdf
----------------------------------------
DEDICATED TO HELPING BUSINESS ACHIEVE ITS HIGHEST GOALS. 
NBAA MEMBER RESOURCE 
Morton Case Limits IRS Application of Hobby Loss Rules 
November 28, 2011 
By Phil Crowther 
NBAA 
Disclaimer. This publication was not prepared by or under the direction of NBAA. It is being provided to NBAA Mem-
bers for their general information and should not be construed as legal advice or legal opinion on any specific facts 
or circumstances. You are urged to consult your attorney or other advisor concerning your own situation and for any 
specific legal questions you may have. 
The recent court case of Morton v. United States' held that the aircraft operations of Peter Morton, a co-founder of 
Hard Rock Café, were conducted as part of a "unified business enterprise" with his other business activities and 
therefore were not subject to the hobby loss limitations. In this taxpayer-friendly case, the court included Morton's 
aircraft operations in the "unified business enterprise" for hobby loss purposes arguably without applying the list of 
aggregation factors in the Income Tax Regulations. This case may also be helpful to taxpayers because the other 
businesses in the "unified business enterprise" included a C corporation. 
BACKGROUND 
Many business owners conduct business using several different legal entities, including C corporations, S cor-
porations, partnerships, and limited liability companies ILLCs). For liability and other business reasons, they will 
often put their aircraft in one of their business entities or in a separate leasing company that leases the aircraft 
to one or more business entities. Although these arrangements generally do not create any income tax benefits 
for the owner, the depreciation rules often cause the entity owning the aircraft to have a tax loss. In recent 
years, IRS auditors have tried to disallow deduction of these losses, relying on the "hobby loss" rules. 
Under the hobby loss rules, an individual or an S-corporation ("S-corp") cannot deduct net losses from an 
activity that is not engaged in for profit.2 In addition, the IRS has held that the rules also apply to a partnership -
which would include an LLC taxed as a partnership.' 
The court in Morton explained that to be engaged in an activity for profit, the taxpayer's primary purpose for 
engaging in the activity must be for income or profit° In another case, the Tax Court explained the appropriate 
SAFETY R AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS 
lEGISLONE R REGULATORY ADVOCACY 
NETWORKING & COMMERCE 
EDUCATION R CAREER DEVELOPMENT 
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT RESOURCES 
National Business Aviation Association 
1200 18th Street NW, Suite 400 
Washington, DC 20036 
12021783-9000 
www.nhaa.org 
EFTA00591501
--- PAGE 2 ---
"Morton Case Limits IRS Application of Hobby Loss Rules," November 28, 201? 
standard as follows: 
The basic standard for determining whether an expense is deductible under sections 162 and 212 Sand thus not subject 
to the limitations of section 1831 is that the taxpayer must show that the taxpayer engaged in or carried on the activity 
with an actual and honest objective of making a profits 
To determine whether a taxpayer has the requisite profit objective, the Regulations provide a nonexclusive list of nine factors 
to be considered.' 
Particularly where an individual conducts an activity using several different legal entities, the issue arises of whether the 
profit objective must be found for the separate portions of the activity conducted in each entity or whether the profit objec-
tive should be determined for the activity as a whole. The Treasury Regulations provide that the aggregation of undertakings 
into a single activity for hobby loss purposes is based on all of the relevant facts and circumstances including the degree of 
organizational and economic interrelationship of the undertakings, the business purpose of the undertakings, and the similar-
ity of the undertakings.' In determining whether it is appropriate to aggregate undertakings into a single activity for purposes 
of evaluating a taxpayer's profit objective, the courts have expanded this list of factors to include the following: 
• 
Whether the undertakings share a close organizational and economic relationship, 
• 
Whether the undertakings are conducted at the same place, 
• 
Whether the undertakings were part of a taxpayer's efforts to find sources of revenue from his or her land, 
• 
Whether the undertakings were formed as separate businesses, 
• 
Whether one undertaking benefited from the other, 
• 
Whether the taxpayer used one undertaking to advertise the other, 
• 
The degree to which the undertakings shared management, 
• 
The degree to which one caretaker oversaw the assets of both undertakings, 
• 
Whether the taxpayers used the same accountant for the undertakings, and 
• 
The degree to which the undertakings shared books and records.* 
In Rabinowitz v. Commissioner,9 the court applied these aggregation factors to hold that a separate company operating an 
aircraft charter business should be evaluated separately from the owner's clothing business to determine whether the aircraft 
operation was engaged in for profit. 
In contrast, the court in Campbell v. Commissioner10 held that a partnership's activity of leasing an aircraft to a commonly-
owned C corporation was undertaken with a profit objective based on the benefits provided to the business conducted by 
the C corporation. In rejecting the IRS' argument that the profit objective behind the leasing activity must be evaluated 
separately, the court attributed the profit objective of the C corporation's business to the partnership, stating that "Mho 
entire economic relationship and its consequences are what determine profit motive." However, the IRS did not acquiesce 
to this holding in Campbell, and, as illustrated in Rabinowitz, it is not clear whether the same result would follow if the court 
had applied the aggregation factors. 
In another case, the Tax Court has held that the hobby loss rules do not permit the aggregation of undertakings conducted in 
C corporations with other undertakings." However, the court in this case declined to rule on whether this limitation prevents 
a court from attributing the profit objective of a business activity in a C corporation to the taxpayer's other related activities.'2
5.1iiMin [9DIa:2 2 
EFTA00591502
--- PAGE 3 ---
"Mallon Case Limits IRS Application ?flabby Loss Rules," November28, 2011 
MORTON APPLIES 'UNIFIED BUSINESS ENTERPRISE' STANDARD 
In Morton, the Court of Claims relied primarily on the Campbell case, in holding that to determine whether the hobby loss 
rules apply, the IRS must consider whether the taxpayer is using the aircraft as part of a "unified business enterprise." 
Under the facts in the case, the court considered the aircraft operations to be part of an overall business involving multiple 
corporations including a C corporation. 
Peter Morton was a co-founder of the Hard Rock Café chain, and the creator and developer of the Hard Rock brand. He 
has worked in the restaurant, hotel, and gaming businesses from 1971 to the present. He conducted this business through 
several corporations, including a C corporation. For liability purposes, he arranged for one of these corporations, Red, White 
and Blue Pictures, Inc. (RWB), to purchase a Gulfstream III aircraft, which the corporation later exchanged for a Gulfstream 
IV aircraft. Morton used both aircraft in connection with the business of his various corporations. 
Morton argued that he was entitled to deduct all of the aircraft expenses attributable to the use of the aircraft in his "unified 
business enterprise." In contrast, the IRS argued that the hobby loss rules prevented RWB or Morton from deducting losses 
attributable to the use of the aircraft for Morton's travel in connection with the business of his other corporations. 
Although the court held that Morton still needed to substantiate the business use of the aircraft, the court held in favor of 
Morton on the hobby loss issue. The court held that the "unified business enterprise" theory applied to Morton's situation 
and that "lals long as (Morton] used (the aircraft) to further a profit motive in his overall trade or business, the deduction is 
allowed." 
IMPLICATIONS OF MORTON 
In general, the court's favorable holding in Morton suggests that a taxpayer is more likely to have his or her aircraft opera-
tions treated as part of an overall trade or business for purposes of the hobby loss rules, when that overall trade or business 
constitutes a single interrelated business activity. 
It is difficult to predict whether a court will apply the aggregation factors under Rabinowitz or the attribution within a unified 
business enterprise analysis under Morton. One possible distinction is that the jet charter business in Rabinowitz appeared 
to be operating as a separate charter business, whereas in Morton the aircraft was simply used by Morton for his travel on 
the business of his companies. 
In the recent case of Stangeland v. Commissioner,'3 the court applied the aggregation factors to hold that an individual's use 
of his aircraft to travel for the business of his various different corporations could not be treated as part of a single overall 
business activity." The holding in Stangeland may indicate that an aircraft used for business travel for one business is more 
likely to be treated as part of an overall business enterprise than an aircraft that is used in multiple businesses.' 
Morton is also helpful in demonstrating that aircraft operations conducted in passthrough entities can be viewed as part of an 
overall business enterprise with a business conducted in a C corporation, at least under the attribution analysis of Morton and 
Campbell. 
I,i PPc.r.ILIU 3 
EFTA00591503
--- PAGE 4 ---
'Morton Case Limits IRS Application of Hobby Loss Rules," November 28, 201I 
CONCLUSION 
While the Morton case provides a taxpayer-friendly precedent, the aggregation of undertakings into activities and the at-
tribution of a profit objective within a unified business enterprise under the hobby loss rules remain subjective. To minimize 
the hobby loss risks individuals should consider placing their aircraft in the same legal entity as their operating business 
or using aircraft held in a separate entity in only a single operating business. If the aircraft must be used in multiple busi-
nesses, taxpayers may want to consider placing the aircraft in the entity with the primary business or charging a reasonable 
management fee for their services so that the aircraft is treated as used in a management services business. In view of the 
uncertainty about whether it is permissible to consider business activities conducted in a C corporation, individuals should be 
cautious about relying on the profit objective of a business conducted inside a C corporation to attribute a profit objective to 
aircraft operations in a pass-through entity. 
ABOUT THE AUTHOR 
Phil Crowther, a member of the NBAA Tax Committee, is counsel at the law firm of Jackson & Wade, LLC. He can be 
reached a 
or perowher@jetlaw.com. John Hoover assisted with this article. 
ABOUT NBAA 
Founded in 1947 and based in Washington, DC, NBAA is the leading organization for companies that rely on general aviation 
aircraft to help make their businesses more efficient, productive and successful. Join NBAA today by calling (800) FYI-NBAA 
or visiting www.nbaa.org/join. 
WM /AMBER FILSRIACZ 4 
EFTA00591504
--- PAGE 5 ---
"Morton Case Limits IRS Application of Hobby Loss Rules:November 28, 201f 
END NOTES 
1. 
107 A.F.T.R.2d ¶2011-762, 2011-1 U.S.T.C. 150,346 {Ct. CI. Apr. 27, 2011). 
2. 
I.R.C. I 183. 
3. 
Rev. Rul. 77-320, 1977-2 C.B. 78. Although the rules do not apply to a C-corporation l"C-corrl, all entities including C corporations 
are subject to the rule that an expense can only be deducted as an ordinary and necessary business expense under I.R.C. § 162. if it is 
incurred in an activity engaged in for profit. Portland Golf Club v. Comm% 497 U.S. 154 (19901. 
4. 
Other courts have suggested that a primary or predominant purpose of earning a profit is not required and that the taxpayer only 
needs to have "a profit" objective. Faulconer v. Comm'r, 748 F.2d 890 n.10 (4th Cir. 19841. 
5. 
Schwartz v. Comm% T.C. Memo 2003.86. 
6. 
Treas. Reg. § 1.183.2(b). These nine factors were applied by the Tax Court in the case of Rabinowitz v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 
2005.188, to find that an aircraft charter activity was operated with the primary purpose of earning a profit and therefore was not 
subject to the hobby loss limitations. 
7. 
Treas. Reg. 11.183.1(d)(11- The Regulations further provide that the IRS will generally accept the taxpayer's aggregation of activities 
unless that aggregation is artificial and unreasonable. 
8. 
Rabinowitz v. Comm'r, T.C. Memo 2005.188. 
9. 
T.C. Memo 2005.188. 
10. 868 F.2d 833 (6th Cir. 1989), nonacq. 1993.2 C.B. 1. See also Kuhn v. Comm'r T.C. Memo 1992.460. 
11. 
Misko v. Comm', T.C. Memo 2005.166. 
12. Misko, T.C. Memo 2005.166 n.8. 
13. T.C. Memo 2010.185. 
14. The court in Stangeland also found that the aircraft was not used in a separate consulting services business to earn a profit, because 
the taxpayer in Stangeland did not charge his other companies a consulting fee. In contrast, in Richardson v. Commissioner, T.C. 
Memo 1996.368, the taxpayer was entitled to deduct the expenses of his aircraft when he structured the aircraft operation as part of 
a management services business that provided management services to his other companies for a management services fee. 
15. The court in Stangelanddistinguished its holding from the holding in Campbell by stating that in Campbell the airplane was leased to 
"a particular corporation." 
NOM Am,IBER RESOURCE 5 
EFTA00591505

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591506.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591506.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF FLORIDA 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY 
CIVIL DIVISION 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800 AG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, etc., et at, 
Defendant(s). 
OMNIBUS ORDER IN REGARD TO UPDATE DEPOSITION OF THE PLAINTIFF 
THIS CAUSE came before the Court upon various Motions in regard to the 
Defendant, BRADLEY J. EDWARDS' request for update deposition of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
as well as a Request to Produce served upon EDWARDS and Motions to Impose Sanctions 
against JEFFREY EPSTEIN. The Court has heard argument and has reviewed the 
pleadings and is otherwise fully advised in the premises. Based upon the foregoing, it is 
CONSIDERED, ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: 
The Defendant shall be entitled to take an update deposition of the Plaintiff 
in regard to the specific issues identified and more specifically relating to public 
statements made by the Plaintiff regarding his criminal activity, testimony dealing with 
any claim the Plaintiff has waived his Fifth Amendment rights and/or has otherwise lost 
his Fifth Amendment rights. The Defendant EDWARDS' Motion to Compel and Impose 
Sanctions for Failure to Attend the Deposition is denied. In regard to the Request to 
Produce submitted to the Defendant EDWARDS by the Plaintiff under certificate of service 
the 7th day of April, 2011, the Court recognizes that there is a difference between "fact 
work product", "opinion work product", and "contention discovery". "Opinion work 
product" is almost never discoverable, "fact work product" is discoverable under limited 
circumstances, and, according to the most recent pronouncements from the Fourth 
District, "contention discovery" is allowed. Therefore, the Defendant shall respond to the 
EFTA00591506
--- PAGE 2 ---
Request to Produce and assert any privilege in a privilege log, including any work product 
privileges. The Defendant may do so in a manner which will not divulge or otherwise 
disclose the nature of the documentation itself and if the parties cannot agree, the 
documents shall be submitted to the Court for an in camera review to determine whether 
the matters constitute "fact work product", "opinion work product" or merely "contention 
discovery". 
DONE AND ORDERED this /¶ay
leifJuly, 2011 at West Palm Beach, Palm 
Beach County, Florida. 
L 
DAVITS F. CROW 
CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE 
Copy furnished: 
JACK SCAROLA, ESQUIRE, 2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
JOSEPH L. ACKERMAN, JR., ESQUIRE, 777 S. Flagler Dr., 901 Phillips Point West, West Palm 
Beach, FL 33401 
JACK GOLDBERGER, ESQUIRE, 250 Australian Ave. S., Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
MARC NURIK, ESQUIRE, One E. Broward Blvd., Suite 700, Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
GARY M. FARMER, JR., ESQUIRE, 425 N. Andrews Ave., Suite 2, Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
MARTIN WEINBERG, ESQUIRE, 20 Park Plaza, Suite 1000, Suffolk, MA 02116 
EFTA00591507

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591508.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591508.pdf
----------------------------------------
BOOTHBAY ABSOLUTE RETURN STRATEGIES, LP 
SEPTEMBER 2017 
B BOOTHBAY 
FUND MANAGEMEN1'. LLC 
OVERVIEW 
Boothbay Absolute Return Strategies, LP (Boothbay') is a market neutral multi-strategy fund that aims to combine non-correlated positive expectancy 
strategies into a cohesive portfolio. which is further enhanced by operational and structural alphas. Boothbay uses a combination of proprietary technology 
and experience. to target traditional and non-traditional sources of alpha. 
INVESTMENT PHILOSOPHY 
Boothbay seeks to generate absolute returns with low volatility and low correlations to traditional asset classes through all market conditions. Boothbay 
employs a range of investment strategies with broad industry, sector, style and geographic diversification. Capital is deployed based on strategy edge, 
background, volatility and correlations to the market and to other strategies. Live aggregated data allows for risk and capital allocations to be dynamically 
managed. 
COMPEDTNE ADVANTAGES 
• Differentiated approach through 'open architecture' increases talent spectrum available, including niche strategies with structural edges 
• Selection process involves customized terms and risk parameters for every manager 
• Includes 'First-Lose allocations 
• Position-level transparency enables greater risk oversight in the pursuit of absolute net returns 
• Proprietary portfolio allocation and optimization tools used for manager selection and to distribute allocations 
• Risk management framework assesses and monitors risk at multiple levels including market or factor based hedging overlay 
FOUNDER BIOGRAPHY 
As Managing Member of Boothbay. Mr. Glass oversees all allocation and portfolio construction decisions. Prior to Boothbay, Mr. Glass served as President 
from 2007-2009 of a multi-strategy hedge fund. Platinum Management From 2000-2007. Mr. Glass served as the COO of "Tiger Cub" Intrepid Capital 
Management Inc. (intrepid"), a $2.5 billion hedge fund seeded by Soros Fund Management At Intrepid. Mr. Glass oversaw all non-portfolio related activities. 
In 2004. Mr. Glass launched Intrepid Associates LLC, an affiliated entity that added fund managers to Intrepid's platform, including sector funds in the 
healthcare and global utilities spaces. From 1998-2000 Mr. Glass was an executive at Vector Capital Management. a quantitative hedge fund and broker-
dealer. Previously, he worked at Coopers & Lybrand LLC (1995-1998) and at Prudential Securities (1994-1995). 
MONTHLY NET RETURNS 
JAN 
FEB 
MAR 
APR 
MAY 
JUN 
JUL 
AUG 
SEPT 
OCT 
NOV 
DEC 
YTD 
ITO 
2017 
1.63% 
-0.50% 
136% 
0.66% 
-0.56% 
0.81% 
0.89% 
3.46% 
1.70%' 
9.79% 
2746% 
2016 
-0.53% 
0.34% 
-1.21% 
0.56% 
1.80% 
-0.15% 
1.31% 
0.39% 
1.27% 
-0.14% 
-0.05% 
0.23% 
3.84% 
2015 
0.81% 
1.54% 
1.46% 
0.42% 
1.75% 
0.06% 
0.52% 
0.75% 
0.67% 
0.34% 
0.89% 
0.50% 
10.13% 
2014 
-0.28% 
0.28% 
.034% 
-0.49% 
1.00% 
1.34% 
1.51% 
0.rniet Hall. -I, tstnemil 
PERFORMANCE STATISTICS' 
FUND SUMMARY 
07/01/2014 - 09/292017 
Boothbay 
UP 500 Index3
Fund AUM 
$267M4
Cumulative Net Total Return 
27.45% 
28.52% 
Class PIA 
Fee 
$208M 
Average Annualzed Net Return 
7.75% 
8.03% 
Management 
1.0% 
Percentage of Up Months 
74% 
62% 
Incentive Allocation 
14.0% 
Percentage of Down Months 
26% 
38% 
High Water Mark 
Yes 
Best Month Net Return 
3.46% 
8.30% 
Administrator 
NAV Consulting 
Worst Month Net Return 
421% 
-6.26% 
Auditor 
KPMG 
Standard Deviation 
3.06% 
9.95% 
Legal 
Prime Brokers 
CONTACT 
Frederick Richardson 
Kleinberg. Kaplan, WoR18 Cohen 
BNP Params. Goldman Sachs. UBS 
Sharpe Ratio 
230 
0.78 
SortMo Ratio 
7.49 
1.37 
Calmar Ratio 
854 
0.90 
Largest Drawdown (Month to Month) 
-140% 
.8.89% 
Beta (to SSP 500) 
-0.01 
1.00 
212332.2676 
Pogo 1 
EFTA00591508
--- PAGE 2 ---
BOOTHBAY ABSOLUTE RETURN STRATEGIES, LP 
SEPTEMBER 2017 
B00Gribtiy Portfolio 
S&P 600 Index 
-0.01 
Rinse. 2000 Index 
0.02 
HFRX Absolute Return 
L00 
HFRX Global Fund 
0.18 
B 
BOOTH BAY 
UNE. MANAGEMENT. LLC 
RISK ADJUSTED RETURNS3
10% 
5% 
0% 
Boothbay 
• 
HFRXAbsofate 
Worn 
HFRXGbbal 
• 
Hedge Fund 
S&P S00 Index 
• 
■ 
RUSIC41 2000 Index 
0.0% 
5.0% 
10.0% 
15.0% 
Annualzed Standard Deviation 
20.0% 
PERFORMANCE GROWTH CURVEI" 
135% 
130% 
125% 
120% 
115% 
110% 
105% 
100% 
95% 
Eloothbry 
—M500 
Index 
$ 
- 
r. ?: $ aaawa 
o. a a 
Ln 
CI' 
• 
• 
$ 
• 
$ 
• 
$ 
$ 
$ 
a, 
$ 
O o 
MONTHLY RETURNS WHEN 
500 IS DOWN''' 
.1% 
z 
S 
• Bo%hbay 
• S&P 500 Index 
RETURN DISTRIBUTIONI" 1 
• Boathbay 
NM 500 ink, 
t, 05% 
5%to0b 
0% to 0.5% 
OS to 1% 
Rettrnr. 
Page 2 
EFTA00591509
--- PAGE 3 ---
BOOTHBAY ABSOLUTE RETURN STRATEGIES, LP 
SEPTEMBER 2017 
B 
BOOTHBAY 
I oar MANAGEMENT. LLC 
ANAvnims 
Exposure 
% of NAV 
Total Equity Positions 
Exposure 
% of Rtsk-Adjusted Investment°
Long 
200% 
>1500 
Strategy Type 
Long 
Short 
Gross 
Net 
Short 
-199% 
>1500 
Fundamental US 
223% 
-222% 
445% 
1% 
Net 
1% 
Ouantitative 
197% 
-197% 
394% 
0% 
Goss 
399% 
>3000 
Other 
105% 
-102% 
207% 
3% 
Total 06 of NAV, 
200% 
-199% 
399% 
loveyrebx4 otoure. ociucfre IPA em /Oxfam 
Performance 
Ipatioecaro opmurA <Wo eInl bss aectec. 
Attribution 
MTD 
YTD 
Market Value by Region' 
Strategy Type 
Region 
Long 
Short 
Total 
Fundamental US 
0.81% 
4.82% 
US & Canada 
45% 
-33% 
78% 
Ouantitative 
0.06% 
468% 
Asia 
7% 
-4% 
11% 
Other 
0.64% 
4.25% 
Europe 
5% 
-2% 
7% 
First Loss 
0.19% 
2.22% 
Other 
2% 
-1% 
4% 
Net Performance 
1.70% 
9.79% 
Total 
60% 
-40% 
100% 
"Stalmry corartabon lo WO end YTO mktel &wow/whit Ib vanInbaltoo cinch iihrol•qw lo rho laW not 
retuenbred earftreoll nalhodolow nano In oextpcfa 
Number of Managers 
lncbds nn lm aloono, 
Market Capitaltzanon• 
Multi-Strategy 
Strategy Type 
Large 
Mid 
Small 
Hybrid (Vam-Streicvrn4 
410B 
S28 to 610B 
428 
First Loss 
Fundamental US 
64% 
24% 
11% 
Total 
Ouantitative 
57% 
34% 
9% 
Other 
67% 
17% 
16% 
First Loss 
73% 
22% 
5% 
Total 
66% 
25% 
11% 
,e'et I nit, 
INIodn)fts0",a1:(.9,.- r. 
RISK-ADJUSTED CAPITAL ALLOCATION FOR MULTI-STRATEGY AND HYBRID MANAGEFtS9
Managers 
Other 
29% 
Managers 
Low Net 
Fundamental LS 
48% 
Managers 
Page 3 
EFTA00591510
--- PAGE 4 ---
BOOTHBAY ABSOLUTE RETURN STRATEGIES, LP 
SEPTEMBER 2017 
B BOOTH BAY 
FUND MANAGEMENT. LLC 
TICS DOCUMENT IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION Of AN OFFER TO BUY INTERESTS IN BOOTHBAY ABSOLUTE RETURN STRATEGIES. LP OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
(TOGETHER 'THE FUND) AN Of FERINGOF INTERESTS WILL BE MADE ONLY BY MEANS OF A CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE OFFERING MEMORANDUM (TIC 'MEMORANDUM, AND ONLY 70 
QUALIFIED INVESTORS IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE PERMITTED BY LAW. 
An investment in the Fund is speculative and irwones a high degree of risk. The Fund will have limitations on investors' ability to withdraw or transfer their investments. and no secondary market 
for the Fund's interests exists a me develop. Certain of these risks and other important risks are described n detail in the Fund's Memorandum. Prospective investors are strongly urged to 
review the Memorandum carefully and consult with their cum financial. legal and tax admors before investing. 
There can be no assurances that the Fend vall have a return on invested capital similar to the retain of other accounts managed by Ari Gass or Boothbay Fund Management LLC (together with 
thew effete,. "Bccebray) because. among other reasons. there may be differences n investment peeps. economic conditions. regulatory climate. portfolio sire portfolio managers. leverage 
and expenses. In addition there is no guarantee that Boothbay will succeed in attractim portfolio managers a that it will be able to construct a successful platform of portfolio managers. The 
fact that the Fund or other accounts managed by An Glass or Boothbay have reeked gains in the past is rot an indication that the Fund will reeize any gains in the future. Prior performance is 
not necessarily indicative of future results. 
This investor presentation contains certain forward looking statements and projections_ Such statements and projections are subject to a number of assumptions. risks and uncertainties which 
may cause actual results. performance or achievements to be materially afferent from future results. performance or achievements expressed or implied by these fccwaid.lookirg statements and 
projections. Prospective investors are cautioned not to invest based on these fonvard.loolung statements and piceeches. 
The information in this Mesta presentation is current as of the date listed on the cover page and is subject to change or amendment. The delivery of this investor presentation at any bile does 
not imply that the information contained herein is correct at anytime subsequent to such date. Certain information contaned linen has been suppled to Boothbay by outside soirees. While 
Boothbay believes such sources are reliable. it cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any such information. 
Derive° of this investor presentation to any person other than the person to whom this information was originally delivered or to such persons acnisors is unauthorized and any reproduction 
of these materials. in whole a in part. a the disclosure of any of the contents without the express. peer written consent of Boothbay n each such instance is proterted. 
ENDNOTES 
t All returns vs this investor presentation are net of a t% management fee and a 14.0% incentive allocation. Such returns are net of expenses. including but not landed to trader performance and 
reflect the reinvestrnent of *elands capital gains end other earnings and assumes 'new issues* Seedy. These returns assume an investment el inception. Performance for an indrridual 
investor may differ due to. among other things. the tiering of subscriptions and withdrawals applicable management fees and incentive compensation rates. and the extent to which an investor 
may participate in 'new issues." Past performance is not indicative of future results. For Sharpe Ratio calculation and Sore° Ratio cakulation. tMonth UBOR is set as the target return rate. 
Assuring Class 2A's 16.5%. instead of theassumed 14% incentive allocation the Funds RD net return would be 26.65%. and annual net returns for each of 2014. 2015. 2016 and 2017 (YTD) 
would be 1.46%. 9.84%. 3.74% and 9.54%. respectively. 
2. The 2014. 2015 and 2016 annual returns are calculated using audited data and assuming a 14.0% ncentive allocation. Al 20/7 returns are based on inaudited data and assuming a 14.0% 
incentive Seater. 
3. The S&P 503 is an American stock market index based an the market capitalaanns of 503 large corrpanes having common stock listed on the NYSE or NASDAQ. Comparisons to indices 
have betatrons because the composition of indices Ifor example. in terror of number and type of securities) and the volatility and other material characteristics of indices may differ substanbally 
from the Fund. In addle°. unike the Fund whtch is acbely managed and may periodically mantain cash portions. indices. such as the SPX index. are unmanaged and are fully invested. 
Therefore. performance of the Fund may differ substantially from the performance Nan index. Because of these differences. an index's returns should not be vowed as a representation that the 
Fund's portfolio es comparable to the securities comprising such index and should not be reed upon as an accurate measure of companion. 
4. AUM is estimated and includes all Share Classes including First Loss Share Class. 
5. Anakylics are based on the month-end portfolio estimates. 
6. Strategy type exposures are calculated by taking the beta'adjusted exposure per strategy type divided by the risk-adjusted investment per strategy type. Volablityortetrage managers beta. 
adjusted exposures are calculated using Society, proprietary opens beta model. end portfolio level hedges are allocated pro rata with net risk exposures by strategy type. Excludes SPACs, 
convertible ends and preferred securities. 
7. Based co the Learning of the month NAV. 
8. Strategy level performance is provided for Nustrative purposes only. We do not generally calculate separate net asset values. performance information. expenses or fees for each of the 
strategy categories(Strategies)set forth in this chart. No Individual investor's capital account is alccated to a angle Strategy and therefore the performance attributable to any particular 
investor's account would not match the performance of any particular Strategy. Strategy ccranbution to MTD and YfD return appronmates the contribution of each strategy to the total net 
return. It was calculated internally. based on available data and certain good faith assumptions. For more information on how Strategy Level performance was calculated. pease contact us. 
9. The strategy type exposure charts should not be construed as pcovidng any assurance or guarantee es to the composition of the Fund's portfolios m the future. Actual portfolio composition 
may. and at boos will. differ from such tostoncel exposures. Percentages reflect average risk-adjusted capital atocation and does not include First Loss alocabons 
Page 4 
EFTA00591511

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591512.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591512.pdf
----------------------------------------
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
P. O. BOX 2508 
CINCINNATI, OH 45201 
Date: SEP 1 7 2014 
NEW YORK CONCERT ARTISTS 
ASSOCIATES INC 
2160 NORTH CENTRAL ROAD SUITE 112 
FORT LEE, NJ 07024-0000 
Dear Applicant: 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY 
Employer Identification Number: 
26-3012002 
DIN: 
26053632002104 
Contact Person: 
CUSTOMER SERVICE 
Contact Telephone Number: 
(877) 829-5500 
Accounting Period Ending: 
December 31 
Public Charity Status: 
170(b) (1) (A) (vi) 
Form 990/990-EZ/990-N Required: 
Yes 
Effective Date of Exemption: 
August 18, 2014 
Contribution Deductibility: 
Yes 
Addendum Applies: 
Yes 
IDB 31954 
We're pleased to tell you we determined you're exempt from federal income tax 
under Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Section 501(c)(3). Donors can deduct 
contributions they make to you under IRC Section 170. You're also qualified to 
receive tax deductible bequests, devises, transfers or gifts under Section 
2055, 2106, or 2522. This letter could help resolve questions on your exempt 
status. Please keep it for your records. 
Organizations exempt under IRC Section 501(c)(3) are further classified as 
either public charities or private foundations. We determined you're a public 
charity under the IRC Section listed at the top of this letter. 
Based on the information you submitted on 
request for reinstatement under Section 7 
effective date of exemption, as listed at 
submission date of your application. 
your application, we approved your 
of Revenue Procedure 2014-11. Your 
the top of this letter, is the 
If we indicated at the top of this letter that you're required to file Form 
990/990-EZ/990-N, our records show you're required to file an annual 
information return (Form 990 or Form 990-EZ) or electronic notice (Form 990-N, 
the e-Postcard). If you don't file a required return or notice for three 
consecutive years, your exempt status will be automatically revoked. 
If we indicated at the top of this letter that an addendum applies, the 
enclosed addendum is an integral part of this letter. 
For important information about your responsibilities as a tax-exempt 
organization, go to www.irs.gov/charities. Enter "4221-PC" in- the search bar 
Letter 5436 
EFTA00591512
--- PAGE 2 ---
NEW YORK CONCERT ARTISTS 
to view Publication 4221-PC, Compliance Guide for 501(c)(3) Public Charities, 
which describes your recordkeeping, reporting, and disclosure requirements. 
Sincerely, 
‘nt4"61) Yr
4)
Director, Exempt Organizations 
Letter 5436 
EFTA00591513
--- PAGE 3 ---
NEW YORK CONCERT ARTISTS 
ADDENDUM 
If you have been in existence for at least three years and you have not filed a 
Form 990 return or notice for three consecutive years, you may soon receive a 
letter (Notice CP120A) that we automatically revoked your exempt status, as 
required by law, for failure to file a return or notice for three consecutive 
years. This letter will serve to reinstate your exempt status, so you will not 
need to re-apply. However, you may need to file the appropriate delinquent 
Forms 990 for all years you have operated as a tax-exempt organization. 
Letter 5436 
EFTA00591514

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591515.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591515.pdf
----------------------------------------
ORBITX 
Flight: New York Sun, Apr 13, 2014 
Print ID 
p Cost and billing summary 
Flight 
Airline Ticket(1) 
(Adult: 1) 
$1,186.40 
Total due at booking 
$1,186.40 
Taxes and fees included 
Prices listed are in USD unless noted. 
Additional baggage fees may apply. 
This reservation was made on Wed, Apr 9, 2014 1:40 PM CDT . 
Traveler Information 
Traveler 1 : 
JOHN CHRISTENSEN 
Airline Ticket Number: 
2357338379686 I Electronic 
Seat preference: 
Window 
Meal (if available): 
Standard 
Requests for disabled 
Notice to airline of the ticket number 
travelers: 
The TSA requires each traveler's first, middle and last names, gender and date of birth. For your privacy, gender and date of birth are not shown. Please verify this 
information. 
Confirmation Numbers 
Orbitz record locator: PBORB1635004864 
Airline record locator: Not yet available. The flight reservation request has been sent to the airline(s). 
Flight information 
Terms and conditions I Fare rules 
Leave 
Sun, Apr 13 
11:30 AM 
Copenhagen CPH 
9:55 PM 
New York JFK 
stop 
16hr 25min 
U 
Turkish Airlines 1784 / 11 
a 
Show flight details 
Close window 
EFTA00591515

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591516.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591516.pdf
----------------------------------------
Polymeric Products 
1256 5th Street 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409-6230 
Bill To 
LSJ 
6100 Red Hook 
St. Thomas 
USVI 00802 
Invoice 
Date 
Invoice # 
'016 
16-002 
Shp ' J 
P.O. Number 
Terms 
Rep 
Ship 
Via 
F.O.B. 
Project 
3/9/2016 
Cust P/U 
Quantity 
Item Code 
Description 
Price Each 
Amount 
I Repair 
Demolition of existing aft cockpit deck structure on 42' Nautica 
RIB hull number PTJ41007K001 I 
6.0% Fla. Sales Tax 
4,938.43 
6.00% 
4,938.43T 
296.31 
Total 
EFTA00591516
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00591517
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00591518
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00591519
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00591520
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00591521
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00591522
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00591523
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00591524
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00591525
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00591526
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00591527
--- PAGE 13 ---
EFTA00591528
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00591529
--- PAGE 15 ---
EFTA00591530
--- PAGE 16 ---
EFTA00591531
--- PAGE 17 ---
EFTA00591532
--- PAGE 18 ---
EFTA00591533
--- PAGE 19 ---
EFTA00591534
--- PAGE 20 ---
EFTA00591535
--- PAGE 21 ---
EFTA00591536
--- PAGE 22 ---
EFTA00591537
--- PAGE 23 ---
EFTA00591538
--- PAGE 24 ---
EFTA00591539
--- PAGE 25 ---
EFTA00591540
--- PAGE 26 ---
EFTA00591541
--- PAGE 27 ---
EFTA00591542
--- PAGE 28 ---
EFTA00591543
--- PAGE 29 ---
EFTA00591544
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA00591545
--- PAGE 31 ---
EFTA00591546
--- PAGE 32 ---
EFTA00591547
--- PAGE 33 ---
EFTA00591548
--- PAGE 34 ---
EFTA00591549
--- PAGE 35 ---
EFTA00591550
--- PAGE 36 ---
EFTA00591551
--- PAGE 37 ---
EFTA00591552
--- PAGE 38 ---
EFTA00591553
--- PAGE 39 ---
EFTA00591554
--- PAGE 40 ---
EFTA00591555
--- PAGE 41 ---
EFTA00591556
--- PAGE 42 ---
EFTA00591557
--- PAGE 43 ---
EFTA00591558
--- PAGE 44 ---
EFTA00591559
--- PAGE 45 ---
EFTA00591560
--- PAGE 46 ---
EFTA00591561
--- PAGE 47 ---
EFTA00591562
--- PAGE 48 ---
EFTA00591563
--- PAGE 49 ---
EFTA00591564
--- PAGE 50 ---
EFTA00591565
--- PAGE 51 ---
EFTA00591566
--- PAGE 52 ---
EFTA00591567
--- PAGE 53 ---
EFTA00591568
--- PAGE 54 ---
EFTA00591569
--- PAGE 55 ---
EFTA00591570
--- PAGE 56 ---
EFTA00591571
--- PAGE 57 ---
EFTA00591572
--- PAGE 58 ---
EFTA00591573
--- PAGE 59 ---
EFTA00591574

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591575.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591575.pdf
----------------------------------------
Polymeric Products 
1256 5th Street 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409-6230 
Bill To 
LSJ 
6100 Red Hook 
St. Thomas 
USVI 00802 
Invoice 
Date 
Invoice # 
'016 
16-002 
e 
P.O. Number 
Terms 
Rep 
Ship 
Via 
F.O.B. 
Project 
3/9/2016 
Cust P/U 
Quantity 
Item Code 
Description 
Price Each 
Amount 
I Repair 
Demolition of existing aft cockpit deck structure on 42' Nautica 
RIB hull number PTJ41007K001 1 
6.0% FIa. Sales Tax 
4,938.43 
6.00% 
4,938.43T 
296.31 
Total 
$5234.74 
EFTA00591575

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591576.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591576.pdf
----------------------------------------
cliftscrY `PUDDING IITTITUTE OF 1770 
Order of the Golden Sphinx Gala 
Contribution Card and Benefits 
I, 
, wish to become: 
K Guardian of the Sphinx ($50,000) 
Prime Table at the gala honoring Paris Barclay on April 3rd, 2017 at the Diamond Horseshoe 
tickets to HPT 169: Casino Evil in Cambridge, New York City, or Bermuda 
Recognition in our gala program and on our website 
K Other Amount: 
K A check payable to the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770 is enclosed. (mailing address below) 
K Please bill my: 
o Amex 
o Visa 
o MasterCard 
Credit Card Number: 
Expiration Date: 
Billing Zip Code: 
Name of Company (Corporate Cards): 
Date 
Signature 
K I want to be acknowledged as 
in the gala program. 
Please mail checks to: The Hasty Pudding Institute, 717 Fifth Avenue, Mor Floor, New York NY10022 
Or email the contribution card to:ifitzpatrick@hastypudding.org 
EFTA00591576

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591577.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591577.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 25 Filed 12/28/15 Page 1 of 13 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
Plaintiff, 
Ghislaine Maxwell, 
Defendant. 
Case No.: I5-cv-07433-RWS 
REPLY MEMORANDUM OF LAW IN SUPPORT OF 
DEFENDANT'S MOTION TO DISMISS COMPLAINT 
Laura A. Menninger 
HADDON, MORGAN AND FOREMAN, P.C. 
East 10th Avenue 
Denver, CO 80203 
EFTA00591577
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 25 Filed 12/28/15 Page 2 of 13 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
INTRODUCTION 
ARGUMENT 
I. 
PLAINTIFF FAILED TO PLAUSIBLY PLEAD DEFAMATION 
A. 
Plaintiff Failed to Adequately Plead a Defamation Claim 
B. 
Ms. Maxwell's Statement In Context Is Not Defamatory 
II. 
MS. MAXWELL'S STATEMENTS ARE PROTECTED BY PRIVILEGE 
A. Qualified Privilege May Form the Basis for a Rule 12(b)(6) Dismissal 
B. 
Ms. Maxwell's Statements Are Protected by the Self-Defense Privilege 
C. 
Ms. Maxwell's Statements Are Protected by the Pre-Litigation Privilege 
CONCLUSION 
EFTA00591578
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 25 Filed 12/28/15 Page 3 of 13 
INTRODUCTION 
The primary focus of any defamation claim should be the alleged defamatory statements 
themselves. But Ms. Maxwell's statements have never been Plaintiff's primary focus in this case. 
Instead, in a transparent attempt to direct the Court's attention away from the actual issues under 
consideration—whether Ms. Maxwell's statements are truly defamatory, whether Plaintiff 
properly pled a defamation claim, and whether Ms. Maxwell was privileged to make her 
statements—Plaintiff spends the bulk of her opposition repeating the same conclusory, 
unsupported and false allegations that she was sexually abused by Ms. Maxwell. Plaintiff spends 
the remainder of her opposition selectively misunderstanding applicable federal and New York 
state defamation law. When correctly applying the law, it is clear that there are ample grounds 
for which this Court can, and should, dismiss Plaintiff's claim. 
ARGUMENT 
I. 
PLAINTIFF FAILED TO PLAUSIBLY PLEAD DEFAMATION 
A. 
Plaintiff Failed to Adequately Plead a Defamation Claim. 
Apart from bombast, the Complaint fails to adequately plead a defamation claim. First 
the Complaint's sentence fragments and selective quotes do not aver any defamatory statement. 
Scholastic, Inc. v. Stouffer, 124 F.Supp.2d 836, 849 (S.D.N.Y. 2000) (defamation claim "only 
sufficient if it adequately identifies the purported communication, and an indication of who made 
the communication, when it was made, and to whom it was communicated"); Dillon v. City of 
N.Y., 261 A.D.2d 34, 39-40 (1st Dep't 1999) (dismissing defamation complaint for, among other 
things, failing to specify the actual defamatory words). The only actual words attributed to Ms. 
Maxwell in the Complaint are: "against Ghislaine Maxwell are untrue," "shown to be untrue," 
"claims are obvious lies," and "I am referring to the statement that we made." Compl.  30. 
Beyond that, Plaintiff relies on conclusory, self-serving and in some cases flatly incorrect 
characterizations of the published Statement. The Complaint refers to an "additional false 
EFTA00591579
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 25 Filed 12/28/15 Page 4 of 13 
statement" made on January 3 (Compl. ¶ 30), but never explains the words it was "in addition 
to." It describes a statement "incorporated by reference" issued "earlier,' (Compl. ¶ 31), but 
omits the earlier statement and to whom, when or where it was made.' It alleges statements 
made "in the Southern District and elsewhere" by Ms. Maxwell's agent, Ross Gow, (Comp!. 
29, 30, 32), but attaches a 2011 statement attributed to Mr. Gow in London. McCawley Decl., 
Ex. 2. Because the Complaint lacks allegations of the subject Statement, with specificity and in 
context, the defamation claim should be dismissed. 
Second the Complaint does not contain allegations as to whom statement was made. In 
lieu of that information, Plaintiff offers only who made the statement, a point not in dispute. Pl.'s 
Opp'n at 22. As to whom, she alleges the statements were "widely disseminated" to the "media 
and public." Pl.'s Opp'n at 22; Compl. 1 30. Twice this Court deemed similar pleadings 
insufficient. Hawkins v. City of N.Y., No. 99 Civ. 11704 (RWS), 2005 WL 1861855, at *18 
(S.D.N.Y. Aug. 4, 2005) (pleading fatally defective due to "failure to identify...the individuals to 
whom the statement was allegedly made"); Cruz v. Marchetto, No. 11 Civ. 8378, 2012 WL 
4513484, at *4 (S.D.N.Y. Oct. 1, 2012) (dismissing complaint which "alleges in a conclusory 
manner that . . . statements ... ended up in the headlines and quoted in the media"). 
Third the Complaint lacks sufficient allegations to establish defamation per se. Plaintiff 
insists that the pleading standard is far more lenient for libel claims than for slander claims. Pl.'s 
Opp'n at 24 (citing Liberman v. Gelstein, 80 N.Y.2d 429 (N.Y. 1992)). Not so. Rather, "the 
standard for determining whether a statement concerning a plaintiffs business, profession or 
trade is libelous per se follows the same rules, articulated in Liberman..., as the standard for 
slander per se." Id. Jewell v. NYP Holdings, Inc., 23 F.Supp.2d 348, 400 (S.D.N.Y 1998). In 
fact, addressing a libel claim, this Court specifically noted that "[d]efamation per se has been 
Indeed, the Opposition further confounds by disclaiming the Complaint is based on the 2011 statement 
(Pl.'s Opp'n at 4, 13 ) but then suggests the Complaint incorporates that very statement (Pl.'s Opp'n at 19 & n.l5). 
EFTA00591580
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 25 Filed 12/28/15 Page 5 of 13 
defined both as statements that cast doubt on a particular quality at the very heart of the 
profession and statements that impugn the basic integrity of a business." Kforce, Inc. v. Alden. 
Personnel, Inc., 288 F.Supp.2d 513, 516 (S.D.N.Y. 2003). 
Plaintiff nevertheless unsuccessfully attempts to establish a connection between the 
subject Statement and her "profession" by pointing to her incorporation of the Victims Refuse 
Silence, Inc. organization. Pl.'s Opp'n at 25. This is a red herring. No court has recognized 
"victim" as a "profession" as to which a plaintiff's integrity could be impugned. In any event, her 
status as a professional victim only sprang into existence a mere 10 days before the January 3 
Statement was issued. Compl. 1 24. Unsurprisingly, the Complaint is devoid of any factual 
allegations that Ms. Maxwell knew about Plaintiff's newfound "chosen calling," nor that Ms. 
Maxwell targeted any statement at Plaintiff's "profession." Thompson v. Bosswick, 855 F. 
Supp.2d 67 (S.D.N.Y. 2012) ("The statement must be targeted at the specific standards of 
performance relevant to plaintiff's business...1; Thai v. Cayre Gip., Ltd., 726 F.Supp.2d. 323, 
336 (S.D.N.Y. 2010) (absence of "facts to support the inference that [the subject] statement 
imputed incompetence, incapacity or unfitness in the performance of [her] profession" as a 
bookkeeper warranted dismissal of defamation per se claim). Consequently, Plaintiff failed to 
adequately plead facts supporting defamation per se or any special damages, and the defamation 
claim should be dismissed. 
B. 
Ms. Maxwell's Statement2 In Context Is Not Defamatory 
As to defamation claims, the Second Circuit holds "it is for the court to determine in the 
Plaintiff apparently has abandoned any claim concerning the January 4 oral statement attributed to Ms. 
Maxwell in the Complaint. Cf. Compl. 1 24 (oral statement by Maxwell); PL's Opp'n at 11-12 (contrasting a case 
"that sounded in slander (spoken defamation), whereas this is a libel case (written defamation)"); Id. at 24 ("[A]n 
action lies in slander for very limited types of speech. However, those limitations are irrelevant in this case because 
this case concerns libel, a form of defamation that is a written or published statement"). Plaintiff's Opposition also 
failed to address how that spoken statement could be construed as defamatory. Compare Mot. to Dism. at 5.6, I9-20 
(video published under headline "Ghislaine Maxwell denies comment on allegations she is a madam" not 
defamatory); Pl.'s Opp'n (omitting any contrary argument). 
EFTA00591581
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 25 Filed 12/28/15 Page 6 of 13 
first instance whether the words are susceptible of a defamatory meaning." Idema v. Wager, 29 
Fed.Appx. 676, 678 (2d Cir. 2002). "In performing this task, the court must read the offending 
words in the context of the whole article and test them against the `understanding of the average 
reader.'" Id. (emphasis added). Plaintiff suggests without citation that this contextual reading 
cannot be performed absent "a fully developed record." Pl.'s Opp'n at 18-19. The numerous 
cases she cites in which courts have been able to perform their evaluation — because the 
complaint included the entire subject statement — belie her claim. While Plaintiff purports to "use 
direct, word-for-word quotes of Defendant's press statements, giving all the particulars of their 
origination," (Pl.'s Opp'n at 19), the Complaint shows otherwise. This alone warrants dismissal. 
Dillon, 261 A.D.2d at 39-40 (dismissing defamation claim absent entire subject statement, noting 
"the defect is all the more curious in that [plaintiff] concedes being a recipient of the 
[complained of] letter, presumably enabling him to quote from it at length"). 
In apparent acknowledgement of her error, Plaintiff now includes a fuller version of the 
subject statement "in an abundance of caution" on the last page of her attorney's declaration. 
McCawley Decl., Ex. 3 at 2. When that statement (still incomplete, with an ellipsis and brackets) 
is read in context, no average reader could reasonably find it defamatory in meaning. First and 
foremost, the Statement is a general denial. No matter how many times Plaintiff baldly asserts 
she was "called a liar" or "dishonest," the words "liar" or "dishonest" appear nowhere therein. 
Thus, all of Plaintiff's legal arguments concerning the term "liar" are inapposite. Pl.'s Opp'n at 
10-11.3 Indeed, the portion of the Statement referencing "obvious lies" immediately follows the 
sentence: "Each time the story is retold it changes, with new salacious details about public 
figures." Even Judge Marra noted in his April 7 Order that Plaintiff's latest story involves 
Plaintiff's reference to Brach v. Congregation Yetev Lev D'Saimar, Inc., 696 N.Y.S.2d 496, 498 (2d 
Dep't 1999), is another example where a court found that the defendant did more than issue a general denial. There, 
the defendant published an article stating that the defendants won a court case "by lies and deceit" and called 
plaintiff a robber. Id. Plaintiff asks this Court to ignore the significance of the latter statement. 
EFTA00591582
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 25 Filed 12/28/15 Page 7 of 13 
"lurid" claims concerning "numerous American politicians, powerful business executives, 
foreign presidents, a well-known Prime Minister, and other world leaders." Menninger Decl., 
Ex. C at 5. Plaintiff's story is palpably incredible, as even Judge Marra suggested in his Order. 
In any event, New York courts uniformly agree general denials cannot alone give rise to 
defamation claims. lndep. Living Aids, Inc. v. Maxi-Aids, Inc., 981 F.Supp.124, 127-28 
(E.D.N.Y. 1997) ("Read in the context of the entire article, [defendant's] remarks, calling 
[plaintiff] and others `liars' can only be understood as a denial of their accusations.")4; Porter v. 
Saar, 688 N.Y.S. 2d 137, 139 (1st Dep't 1999) ("The comments attributed to defendant...in the 
New York Post were in the nature of a general denial of plaintiff['s] accusations of misconduct, 
not an attack on plaintiffs."); McNamee v. Clemens, 762 F.Supp.2d 584, 601 (E.D.N.Y. 2011) 
("[G]eneral denials aren't actionable."); Davis v. Boeheim, 24 N.Y.3d 262, 271-72 (N.Y. 2014). 
Plaintiff unsuccessfully attempts to analogize the subject Statement to those in Boeheim 
and Clemens. Yet in both cases those statements clearly crossed the line from "general denial to 
specific accusations reasonably susceptible of a defamatory meaning." Clemens, 762 F.Supp.2d 
at 601. Ms. Maxwell's statement does not. First, in Boeheim, the defendant coupled statements 
regarding plaintiff's accusations as "false allegations" and "a lie" with detailed claims regarding 
the accusers as "liars" who were financially motivated. Specifically, Boeheim stated inter alia "I 
believe they saw what happened at Penn State [a similar case of sex abuse], and they are using 
ESPN to get money." Id. The N.Y. Court of Appeals while reiterating that "general denials are 
not actionable," found the assertion plaintiff lied "for monetary gain" would lead a "reasonable 
reader" to believe "the challenged statements were conveying facts about the...plaintiff." Id. 
Similarly, in Clemens, the defendant, in addition to denying plaintiff's allegations, called 
Plaintiff attempts to distinguish Independent Living Aids as a slander case. Pl.'s Opp'n at 11.12. It is a 
distinction without a difference. The allegedly defamatory statements there were contained in an interview intended 
for and ultimately published in a magazine article. 981 F.Supp.at 127.28. The court analyzed the context within 
which the statement was written. Id. 
EFTA00591583
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 25 Filed 12/28/15 Page 8 of 13 
plaintiff "troubled and unreliable," accused him of fabricating evidence, threatened "anybody 
who [believes plaintiff] better start looking for a hell of a good lawyer," and stated he is 
"constantly lying... I warn you five to six months from now, any of you that have jumped on the 
bandwagon that Roger took steroids and assumed anything Brian McNamee had to say will be 
embarrassed." 762 F.Supp.2d at 591. Based on the aggressive nature of Clemens' statements 
towards the plaintiff, the court had an easy time concluding they went beyond general denials. Id. 
at 602. As the court noted, "[Clemens'] statements were direct and often forcefully made, there 
was nothing loose or vague about them." Id. 
The Statement here stands in stark contrast to Boeheim and Clemens'. Each piece of Ms. 
Maxwell's alleged Statement shares one important characteristic: it decries Plaintiff's allegations 
as untrue, while saying nothing about Plaintiff herself. Ms. Maxwell never claimed Plaintiff had 
an ulterior motive (Boeheim), or attacked the accuser's mental state (Clemens), or referred to the 
accuser as a criminal (Brach, a robber; Clemens manufacturing evidence). 
Throughout her Opposition, Plaintiff improperly puts various words in Ms. Maxwell's 
mouth, e.g., repeatedly attributing to her the words "liar" and "dishonest." Pl.'s Opp'n at 10-11. 
Of course, she cannot point to any publication in which Ms. Maxwell used those words. By 
Plaintiff's logic, a general denial may give rise to a defamation lawsuit. Pl.'s Opp'n at 10. 
Fortunately, the law provides otherwise. Because Ms. Maxwell simply denied Plaintiff's 
malicious accusations, her Statement is not actionable. See Foretich v. Cap. Cities/ABC, Inc., 37 
F.3d 1541, 1562-63 (4th Cir. 1991) (measured replies non-actionable despite using labels such as 
"heinous lies," "downright filth," and "filthy dirt...like from the bottom of a cesspool"). 
II. 
MS. MAXWELL'S STATEMENTS ARE PROTECTED BY PRIVILEGE 
A. 
Oualified Privilege May Form the Basis for a Rule I2(b)(6) Dismissal 
Plaintiff's protestations aside. numerous federal and state courts have dismissed 
EFTA00591584
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 25 Filed 12/28/15 Page 9 of 13 
defamation complaints based on a qualified privilege. See, e.g., Front, Inc. v. Khalil, 24 N.Y.3d 
713 (N.Y. 2015) (affirming motion to dismiss based on pre-litigation qualified privilege); 
Orenstein v. Figel, 677 F.Supp.2d 706, 722 (S.D.N.Y. 2009); Fuji Photo Film U.S.A., Inc., v. 
McNulty, 669 F.Supp.2d 405, 415-16 (S.D.N.Y. 2009). While conceding that the absence of 
privilege is an element of defamation, Opp'n at 20-21, Plaintiff nevertheless cites to (primarily 
N.Y. state) cases in which the plaintiffs, unlike herself, properly alleged facts which could serve 
to defeat a qualified privilege. As New York's highest court found: 
While there are numerous cases in the books in which it is said that 
as to privileged communications the good faith of the defendant 
and the existence of actual malice are questions of fact for the jury, 
the expression must not be misunderstood. Those questions are for 
the jury only where there is evidence in the case warranting their 
submission to the jury, and the burden of proof is on the plaintiff. 
Shapiro v. Health Ins. Plan, 7 N.Y.2d 56, 61 (N.Y. 1959) (emphasis added). As detailed below, 
Plaintiff has failed to carry her pleading burden here. 
B. 
Ms. Maxwell's Statements Are Protected by the Self-Defense Privilege 
The long-recognized self-defense privilege "is available to one who has been defamed in 
the first instance, and who, in response to the attack, responds in kind." Shenkman v. O'Malley, 
A.D.2d 567, 574 (1st Dep't 1956). The "respon[se] in kind" is what is at issue here. Plaintiff 
concedes she began the public verbal assault on Ms. Maxwell. Comp1.1 17, 26-27. Plaintiff also 
correctly acknowledges that to defeat the privilege, the Complaint must properly allege it was 
abused. Pl.'s Opp'n at 5. Abuse of privilege in this context requires a showing that the reply (I) 
includes substantial defamatory matter irrelevant or non-responsive to the initial statement; (2) 
includes substantial defamatory material disproportionate to the initial statement; (3) is 
excessively publicized; or (4) is made with malice in the sense of spite or ill will." Sack, Robert 
D., Sack on Defamation: Libel Slander and Related Problems (Practicing Law Inst., Apr. 2015 
ed.) at Kindle Loc. 20357-20370; Restatement (Second) of Torts, §§ 599, 603-605A (1977). It is 
EFTA00591585
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 25 Filed 12/28/15 Page 10 of 13 
malice prong Plaintiff fundamentally misunderstands and inadequately pleads. 
First of all, the malice, "in the sense of spite or ill will," must, post-Twombly and kinds, 
be based on "factual content," not mere "legal conclusions, deductions or opinions couched as 
factual allegations." Thai v. Cayre Grp., 726 F.Supp.2d at 327; see also Orenstein, 677 
F.Supp.2d at 711 (dismissing conclusory claims of malice where Complaint "provide[d] neither 
factual support for these conclusions nor any explanation of why [defendant] would have an 
interest in acting maliciously toward the [plaintiff]"); Fuji Film, 669 F.Supp.2d at 416 
(dismissing complaint in which "allegations [defendant] acted maliciously are conclusory and 
unsupported by factual allegations).6 Here, Plaintiff resorted only to conclusory assertions of 
malice, without factual support. See Compl. fi 8, 10, 17, 30, 32, 34-35, 37, Count I pi 1-5, 8. 
Second, apart from her conclusory allegations, Plaintiff mistakenly claims she can defeat 
malice simply by asserting the Statement was made with knowledge of its falsity. In the self-
defense context, not so. As described in Buckley v. Vidal with regard to malice in the context of 
the self-defense privilege: 
The malice issue resolves itself into two questions—was it 
reasonable for [defendant] to believe that his interests in his own 
reputation had been unlawfully invaded by [plaintiff], and was the 
letter which he published in response thereto reasonably necessary 
to defend himself. 
F.Supp. 1051, 1056 (1st Dep't 1971). In addressing the malice question, the court noted that the 
truth of defendant's letter was irrelevant. Instead, the letter was privileged because it amounted 
Bell Atlantic Corp. v. Twombly, 550 U.S. 544 (2007); Ashcroft v. lqbal, 556 U.S. 662 (2009). 
Not surprisingly, Plaintiff does not cite to a single federal authority post Twombly and !ghat in support of 
her argument that a qualified privilege can be defeated at the pleading stage by mere conclusory allegations of 
malice. Pl.'s Opp'n at 7-9. In any event, contrary state cases cited by Plaintiff contained more than conclusory 
allegations of malice. Karachi v. Weissman, 1 N.Y.S.3d 169, 182 (2d Dep't 2014) (complaint sufficiently alleged 
malice supported by statements undermining Rabbi's authority and statements reflecting adversely on his 
competence as a rabbi); Long Marubeni Am. Corp., 406 F.Supp.2d 285, 298 (S.D.N.Y. 2005) (malice supported 
"with at least some facts'). Likewise, in Block v. First Blood Assoc., 691 F.Supp. 685, 699-700 (S.D.N.Y. 1988), 
this Court declined to grant summary judgment on the basis of a qualified privilege because "sufficient evidence 
[was] adduced to support the inference that [defendant] acted with malice," i.e., defendant threatened plaintiff with 
demand for attorneys' fees, which "may imply an intent to injure"—i.e. malice. Id. 
EFTA00591586
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 25 Filed 12/28/15 Page 11 of 13 
to "a tempered and reasoned response...which constituted an appropriate reaction by [defendant] 
to a situation which seemed to threaten his reputation." Id. at 1056-57. 
Here, as in Buckley, Ms. Maxwell's Statement was a "tempered and reasoned response" 
to Plaintiff's vicious character attacks. The Statement addressed only Plaintiff's allegations — 
calling them "untrue" —while avoiding any attack on Plaintiff's character generally. Plaintiff has 
not and cannot point to any facts in the Complaint showing the subject Statement "includes 
substantial defamatory matter that is irrelevant or non-responsive to the initial statement," or 
"that is disproportionate to the initial statement;" nor that the Statement was excessively 
publicized," relative to the wide publicity net cast by Plaintiff with her "exclusive interviews" to 
British media and now-stricken litigation declaration. Without any evidence that Ms. Maxwell 
"abused" the self-defense privilege, Plaintiff's conclusory allegations to the contrary fall far 
short of the federal pleading standards of Twombly and Itibal and should not be accepted as true. 
See Orenstein, 677 F.Supp.2d at 711 ("[Plaintiff] does not allege malice plausibly to overcome 
the qualified privilege."); see also Dillon, 704 N.Y.S.2d at 7 ("Actual malice is not supported in 
these pleadings where allegations of 
and spite manifested by the letter rest solely on 
surmise and conjecture.") (emphasis added). 
C. 
Ms. Maxwell's Statements Are Protected by the Pre-Litigation Privilege 
Each time Ms. Maxwell issued a statement in response to Plaintiff's accusations, she 
specifically noted that she would be forced to "seek redress," including legal redress, upon 
repetition by the press of the accusations. In 2011, Ms. Maxwell's attorneys informed various 
newspapers she intends to "take legal action" if the newspapers continue to print Plaintiffs 
defamatory accusations. Mot. to Dism. at 14; McCawley Decl., Ex. 2. The January 3 Statement 
reaffirmed her "original response" (from 2011), further noting she "strongly denies allegations of 
an unsavoury nature, which have appeared in the British press and elsewhere and reserves her 
EFTA00591587
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 25 Filed 12/28/15 Page 12 of 13 
right to seek redress at the repetition of such claims." Id. at 15; McCawley Decl., Ex. 3. 
New York's highest court stated recently in Khalil, 24 N.Y.3d at 720, such statements, 
made in anticipation of litigation, are protected by a qualified privilege unless the statements 
were made with the intent to "bully, harass, or intimidate" their adversaries. True to form, 
Plaintiff baldly asserts that the Statement here was made "for an inappropriate purpose, to bully, 
harass, and intimidate Ms. 
." Pl.'s Opp'n at 14. There is simply no factual basis alleged 
in the Complaint, in Plaintiff's Opposition, or certainly in the Statement itself to evidence such 
an intent. Cf. Buckley, supra at 1056 ("There is nothing in either the content or tone of the letter 
which could possibly suggest, as Vidal contends, that Buckley's intent here was one of 
'poisoning and closing the available publishing markets of defendant as an author and essayist, 
and so ruining him economically."). The privilege therefore applies so as to protect Ms. 
Maxwell from a claim of defamation. 
CONCLUSION 
For the foregoing reasons, Ms. Maxwell respectfully requests that this Court grant her 
Motion to Dismiss. 
EFTA00591588
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 25 Filed 12/28/15 Page 13 of 13 
Dated: December 28. 2015. 
Respectfully submitted, 
s/ Laura A. Menninger 
Laura A. Menninger (LM-1374) 
HADDON, MORGAN AND FOREMAN, P.C. 
East 10th Avenue 
Denver, CO 80203 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that on December 28, 2015, I electronically filed this Reply Memorandum of Law 
in Support of Motion to Dismiss Complaint with the Clerk of Court using the CM/ECF system 
which will send notification to all counsel of record including the following: 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
Boies, Schiller & Flexner, LLP 
East Las Olas Boulevard, Ste. 1200 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33301 
s/ Brenda Rodriguez 
EFTA00591589

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591590.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. TRUST
&OIL Ci MIC4IC.1Pri. te
Uctpleil 
P.O. Box 15284 
Wilmington, DE 19850 
4)
AO 1 
078 273 073 009171 84101 AV 0.381 
LDB FOUNDATION 
C/O ELYSIUM MANAGEMENT 
445 PARK AVE STE 1401 
NEW YORK. NY 10022-8626 
Client service information 
1.800.U.S.TRUS 
TDD/TTY users only■ 
En Espahol: 
bankofamerica.com 
Bank of America, NA 
P.O. Box 25118 
Tampa. FL 33622-5118 
Your Premium Classic Interest Checking - Advantage 
Relationship 
for March 1. 2015 to March 31, 2015 
Account number 
LDB FOUNDATION 
Account summary 
Beginning balance on March 1, 2015 
$122,872.55 
Deposits and other additions 
40.292.11 
ATM and debit card subtractions 
-0.00 
Other subtractions 
-66.969.13 
Checks 
-70,045.16 
Service fees 
-0.00 
Ending balance on March 31, 2015 
$26,1 50.3 7 
Annual Percentage Yield Earned this statement period: 0.03% 
Interest Paid Year To Date: 510.38. 
PULL: E CYCLE: 24 SPEC: 0 DEUVERY: P 
B BC: RI 
Page 1 of 6 
EFTA00591590
--- PAGE 2 ---
LDS FOUNDATION I Account 
I March 1. 2015 to March 31, 2015 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION: 
BANK DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS 
lighting your ennui t information- We encourage you to keep your contact information up-to-date. This includes address, email 
and phone number. If your information has changed, the easiest way to update it is by visiting the Help & Support tab of Online 
Banking. Or, you can call our Customer Service team. 
).11O(.11 
- When you opened your account, you received a deposit agreement and fee schedule and agreed that your 
account would be governed by the terms of these documents, as we may amend them from time to time. These documents are 
part of the contract for your deposit account and govern all transactions relating to your account, including all deposits and 
withdrawals. Copies of both the deposit agreement and fee schedule which contain the current version of the terms and 
conditions of your account relationship may be obtained at our banking centers. 
i lrrliana nani,fer. In t •r.e of erun•, or question•, about you: ele( holm nail 
- If you think your statement or receipt is 
wrong or you need more information about an electronic transfer (e.g., ATM transactions, direct deposits or withdrawals, 
point-of-sale transactions) on the statement or receipt, telephone or write us at the address and number listed on the front of 
this statement as soon as you can. We must hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent you the FIRST statement on 
which the error or problem appeared. 
- 
Tell us your name and account number. 
- 
Describe the error or transfer you are unsure about, and explain as clearly as you can why you believe there is an error or 
why you need more information. 
- 
Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error. 
For consumer accounts used primarily for personal, family or household purposes, we will investigate your complaint and will 
correct any error promptly. If we take more than 10 business days (10 calendar days if you are a Massachusetts client) (20 
business days if you are a new client, for electronic transfers occurring during the first 30 days after the first deposit is made to 
your account) to do this, we will credit your account for the amount you think is in error, so that you will have use of the money 
during the time it will take to complete our investigation. 
For other accounts, we investigate, and if we find we have made an error, we credit your account at the conclusion of our 
investigation. 
Reporting other pi ohleint. - You must examine your statement carefully and promptly. You are in the best position to discover 
errors and unauthorized transactions on your account If you fail to notify us in writing of suspected problems or an 
unauthorized transaction within the time period specified in the deposit agreement (which periods are no more than 60 days 
after we make the statement available to you and in some cases are 30 days or less), we are not liable to you for, and you agree 
to not make a claim against us for the problems or unauthorized transactions. 
Direct clepoiat,. - If you have arranged to have direct deposits made to your account at least once every 60 days from the same 
person or company, you may call us at the telephone number listed on the front of this statement to find out if the deposit was 
made as scheduled. You may also review your activity online or visit a banking center for information. 
Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., and affiliated banks. Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of 
Bank of America Corporation. 
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank 
of America Corporation. 
2015 Bank of America Corporation 
Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC and 
Equal Housing Lender 
Page 2 of 6 
EFTA00591591
--- PAGE 3 ---
U.S. TRUST e 
flirt <I Affittka Pawl. M.Ott, lAweemorr, 
LOB FOUNDATION I Account 
I March 1, 2015 to March 31, 2015 
Your checking account 
M
Important disclosure information listed on the 'Important Information for Bank Deposit ACCounte page. 
Deposits and other additions 
Date 
Description 
03/10/15 
WIRE TYPE:WIRE IN DATE 150310 TIME:1117 ET TRNI015031000201615 
SEQ:SWF027044069/338547 ORIG:BBC CASH MANAGEMENT ID:84458033 SND BK:BARCLA YS 
BANK PLC ID:0257 PMT DET:PET682010069 /ROC/2007 485253 
290.00 
03/19/15 
WIRE TYPE:BOOK IN DATE150319 TIME1608 ET MO2015031900304157 SNDR 
40.00000 
REF:TS20150319040738 ORIG:LEON D BLACK ID:000006623840 
03/31/15 
Interest Earned 
2.11 
Total deposits and other additions 
$40,292.11 
Withdrawals and other subtractions 
Other subtractions 
Date 
Description 
Amount 
03/06/15 
ADP PAYROLL FEES DES:ADP - FEES ID:2R2AT 7603221 INDN:LDB FOUNDATION 
CO 
-94.13 
ID:9659935601 CCD 
03/23/15 
WIRE TYPEBOOK OUT DATE:150323 TIME:1440 ET TRN:2015032300302897 RELATED 
REF:TS20150323023935 BNF:YALE UNIVERSITY ID:009428411880 PMT DET:UNTITL ED 
BIOGRAPHY OF GERSHOM SCHOLEM 
-40,00(3.00 
03/30/15 
ADP TX/FINCL SVC DES:ADP - TAX ID:6150526983122AT INDN:LDB FOUNDATION LAB FOU CO 
-26,875.00 
ID:9333006057 CCD 
Total other subtractions 
-$66,969.13 
Page 3 of 6 
EFTA00591592
--- PAGE 4 ---
LOB FOUNDATION I Account 
I March1. 2015 to March 31, 2015 
Checks 
Date 
Check it 
Amount 
Date 
Check a 
Amount 
03/13/15 
1271 
-265.16 
03/17/15 
1273 
-30.000.00 
03/17/15 
1272 
-39,780.00 
Total checks 
-$70,045.16 
Total # of checks 
 
To help you BALANCE YOUR CHECKING ACCOUNT, visit bankofamerica.com/statementbalartce or the Statements and Documents tab 
in Online Banking for a printable version of the How to Balance Your Account Worksheet. 
Interested party distribution list 
At your request, copies of your statement have been mailed to the following addresses: 
LDB FOUNDATION 
C/O THOMAS TURRIN 
KONIGSBERG WOLF & CO.. PC 
440 PARK AVENUE SOUTH 
NEW YORK/NY 
10016 
Page 4 of 6 
EFTA00591593
--- PAGE 5 ---
U.S. TRUST 44P-
BOA A ', LAU Abate Won't. waraCcwcm 
LOS FOUNDATION I Account 0 
Notch'', 2015 to March 31.2015 
Check images 
Account number: 
Check number: 1271 I Amount: $265.16 
"• my a:3, ?..,4_,:,061; 
na..11.39/acs. 
tr,ti  bat-Odors e:Okijnoe, Lt.? ; • 
S 
205.14 
144.0iMai. 
Cho enlist% ;it'a (Viet, ry, 
A - 
E rrair
S4WWZ
:‘?t: 
P"
lithairea
C
I 
Check number: 1272 I Amount: $39.780.00 
%OP NOIDATIOA 
T2 
""6. 
Vdn'It_I-Dlico-Aukuo 
I S 3101Ssoo 
lAitm mitt llioaSon2 AspaiceAS Fire 
US. TRUST 
-
-
9gr.at4 
Check number. 1273 I Amount $30,000.00 
Ode ,,,Ittb-s-G
orlir3. LSI Cosoadow, 
I
S
Mt rsa 
eba_a_.-
---Caasn, a MC 
1.15-TAIJST 
tZoitSt 
Ifficv‘ia 
V. 14abOI I 
Page 5 of 6 
EFTA00591594
--- PAGE 6 ---
LDB FOUNDATION I Accau. 
I March 1, 2015 to March 31, 2015 
This page intentionally left blank 
Page 6 of 6 
EFTA00591595

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591596.pdf
----------------------------------------
05/09117 
MAJOR MODEL MANAGEMENT,INC. 
Vendor Open Balance 
All Transactions 
Type 
Date 
Num 
Memo 
Open Balance 
Bil 
10/04/2016 
74946 
10/4/16 AVI SAHARONI D8I DESIGN (A.D.Y.M) LTD. $300-60 
240.00 
Bil 
10/0512016 
74954 
105/16 YOLAN CRIS $375-75 
300.00 
Bil 
10/06/2016 
74976 
10/6116 AVI SAHARONI D8I DESIGN (A.D.Y.M) LTD. $2500-500 
2.000.00 
Bil 
10/09/2016 
75025 
10/9/16 IDAN COHEN LTD. $700-140 
560.00 
Bil 
02/11/2017 
76349 
2111/17 FRANCESCA LIBERATORE SRLS $500-100 
320.00 
Bil 
02/1412017 
76546 
2114/17 NATORI $1200-240 
960.00 
Bil 
0211412017 
76191 
2114/17 CHICCA LAULDI $400.80 
320.00 
Bil 
02/1512017 
76564 
2115/17 BIBHU MOTHAPATRA $300-60 
240.00 
Bil 
02/18/2017 
76674 
2/18/17 JOANNA MASTROIANNI $250-50 
200.00 
Bil 
04/0312017 
77138 
413/17 LAKUM INC. $400-80 
320.00 
Bil 
04/07/2017 
77178 
4/7/17 MICHAEL KORS $675-135 
540.00 
Bil 
04/18/2017 
77244 
4/18/17 REEM BRIDALS Lie $750-150 
600.00 
Bil 
04/1812017 
77262 
4/18/17 STUDIO MIFtA ZWILLINGER $416.67-83.33 
333.34 
Bil 
04/19/2017 
77305 
4/19117 SACHIN 8 BABI $500-100 
400.00 
Bil 
04/20/2017 
77309 
4/20117 LELA ROSE 5750.150 
600.00 
Bil 
04/20/2017 
77310 
4/20117 STUDIO MIFtA ZWILLINGER $1000-200 
800.00 
Bil 
04/20/2017 
77350 
4120/17 ROMONA KEVEZA COLLECTION $1000-200 
800.00 
Bil 
04/21/2017 
77330 
4/21/17 JLM COUTURE $1000-200 
800.00 
Bil 
04/2312017 
77345 
4/22-23/17 GALIA LAHAV INTERNATIONAL LTD $2300460 
1.840.00 
Bil 
04/25/2017 
77367 
4,25/17 JOANNA AUGUST $40040 
320.00 
Total' 
12.493.34 
TOTAL 
12,493.34 
Page 1 
EFTA00591596

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591597.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591597.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. TRUST
Bank a Alm+va Prriate 11eaPIN Manakertent 
Box 15284 
Wilmington, DE 19850 
APO 1 GRAT 
JOHN ) HANNAN. BARRY ) COHEN. 
RICHARD RESSLER, TRUSTEE 
C/O ELYSIUM MANAGEMENT 
445 PARK AVENUE SUITE 1401 
NEW YORK, NY 10019 
Your Premium Adv Tiered Interest Chkg 
for October 1, 2014 to October 31, 2014 
APO 1 GRAT 
JOHN J HANNAN, BARRY J COHEN, 
Account summary 
Beginning balance on October 1, 2014 
Deposits and other additions 
ATM and debit card subtractions 
Other subtractions 
Checks 
Service fees 
Ending balance on October 31, 2014 
Annual Percentage Yield Earned this statement period: 0.07% 
Interest Paid Year To Date: 58,851.14. 
Client service information 
1.800.U.S.TRU 
TDD/TTY user 
En Espanol: 1. 
bankofamerica.com 
115 Bank of America, N.A. 
P.O. Box 25118 
Tampa, FL 33622-5118 
Account number: 
RICHARD RESSLER, TRUSTEE 
511,777,314.91 
519.23 
-aoo 
-11.718,010.00 
-0.00 
-0.00 
559,824.14 
PU.L: E CYCLE: 24 SPEC: 0 CCLIVERY: P TYPE: 
IMAGE: A BC: NY 
Page 1 of 4 
EFTA00591597
--- PAGE 2 ---
APO 1 GRAT I Account 
I October 1, 2014 to October 31, 2014 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION: 
BANK DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS 
Change of address - Please call us at the telephone number listed on the front of this statement to tell us about a change of 
address. 
Deposit agreement - When you opened your account, you received a deposit agreement and fee schedule and agreed that your 
account would be governed by the terms of these documents, as we may amend them from time to time. These documents are 
part of the contract for your deposit account and govem all transactions relating to your account, including all deposits and 
withdrawals. Copies of both the deposit agreement and fee schedule which contain the current version of the terms and 
conditions of your account relationship may be obtained at our banking centers. 
Electronic transfers: In case of errors or questions about your electronic transfers- If you think your statement or receipt is 
wrong or you need more information about an electronic transfer (e.g., ATM transactions, direct deposits or withdrawals, 
point-of-sale transactions) on the statement or receipt, telephone or write us at the address and number listed on the front of 
this statement as soon as you can. We must hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent you the FIRST statement on 
which the error or problem appeared. 
- 
Tell us your name and account number. 
- 
Describe the error or transfer you are unsure about, and explain as clearly as you can why you believe there is an error or 
why you need more information. 
- 
Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error. 
For consumer accounts used primarily for personal, family or household purposes, we will investigate your complaint and will 
correct any error promptly. If we take more than 10 business days (10 calendar days if you are a Massachusetts client) (20 
business days if you are a new client, for electronic transfers occurring during the first 30 days after the first deposit is made to 
your account) to do this, we will credit your account for the amount you think is in error, so that you will have use of the money 
during the time it will take to complete our investigation. 
For other accounts, we investigate, and if we find we have made an error, we credit your account at the conclusion of our 
investigation. 
Reporting other problems - You must examine your statement carefully and promptly. You are in the best position to discover 
errors and unauthorized transactions on your account. If you fail to notify us in writing of suspected problems or an 
unauthorized transaction within the time period specified in the deposit agreement (which periods are no more than 60 days 
after we make the statement available to you and in some cases are 30 days or less), we are not liable to you for, and you agree 
to not make a claim against us for the problems or unauthorized transactions. 
Direct deposits - If you have arranged to have direct deposits made to your account at least once every 60 days from the same 
person or company, you may call us at the telephone number listed on the front of this statement to find out if the deposit was 
made as scheduled. You may also review your activity online or visit a banking center for information. 
Banking products are provided by Bank of America, NA, and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of 
Bank of America Corporation. 
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through Bank of America, NA and other subsidiaries of Bank 
of America Corporation. 
2013 Bank of America Corporation 
Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC and Cr 
Equal Housing Lender 
Page 2 of 4 
EFTA00591598
--- PAGE 3 ---
U.S. TRUST 'et 
Sank. Ce ArneKa Pirate Neatth Management 
APO 1 GRAT I Account 1
October 1, 2014 to October 31, 2014 
Important disclosure information listed on the 'Important Information for Bank Deposit Accounts' page 
Your checking account 
Deposits and other additions 
Date 
Description 
Amount 
10/31/14 
Interest Earned 
519.23 
Total deposits and other additions 
$519.23 
Withdrawals and other subtractions 
Other subtractions 
Date 
Description 
Amount 
10/09/14 
WIRE TYPE:BOOK OUT DATE:141009 TIME:1430 ET TRN:2014100900257285 RELATED 
REF:T520141009022944 BNF:MERRILL LYNCH ID:6550113516 PMT DET:INV. 26041 300C 
260413008 /ACC/FFC: EMPIRE VALUATION //CONSUL TANTS LLC A/C. 810 07024 
-18.010.00 
10/24/14 
WIRE TYPE:BOOK OUT DATE:141024 TIME:1028 ET TRN:2014102400182167 RELATED 
-11.700.000.00 
REF:T520141024095227 BNF:LEON D BLACK ID:394001320945 
Total other subtractions 
-$11,718,010.00 
if 
To help you BALANCE YOUR CHECKING ACCOUNT, visit bankofamerica.com/statementbalance or the Statements and Documents tab 
in Online Banking for a printable version of the How to Balance Your Account Worksheet. 
Page 3 of 4 
EFTA00591599
--- PAGE 4 ---
APO 1 GRAT I Account 
I October 1. 2014 to October 31, 2014 
This page intentionally left blank 
Page 4 of 4 
EFTA00591600

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591601.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591601.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. TRUST e 
flank Ce AffpalCa Prnatc Wearth Managcrnent 
P.O. Box 15284 
Wilmington. DE 19850 
APO 1 GRAT 
JOHN ) HANNAN. BARRY ) COHEN. 
RICHARD) RESSLER, TRUSTEES 
C/O ELYSIUM MANAGEMENT 
445 PARK AVENUE SUITE 1401 
NEW YORK, NY 10019 
k 
a 
Client service information 
1.800.U.S.TRUS 
TDD/TTY users o 
En Espanol: 1.8 
bankofamerica.com 
Bank of America, N.A. 
P.O. Box 25118 
Tampa, FL 33622-5118 
Your Premium Adv Tiered Interest Chkg 
for July 16, 2014 to July 31, 2014 
Account number: 
APO 1 GRAT 
JOHN J HANNAN, BARRY J COHEN, 
RICHARD J RESSLER, TRUSTEES 
Account summary 
Beginning balance on July 16, 2014 
Deposits and other additions 
523.090.080.72 
12,899,441.65 
ATM and debit card subtractions 
-0.00 
Other subtractions 
-35.900,000.00 
Checks 
-0.00 
Service fees 
-0.00 
Ending balance on July 31, 2014 
$89,522.37 
Annual Percentage Yield Earned this statement period: 0.07%. 
Interest Paid Year To Date: 57,675.37. 
PILL: E CYCLE: 24 SPEC: 0 CalYERY: P TYPE: 
IMAGE: A BC: NY 
Page 1 of 4 
EFTA00591601
--- PAGE 2 ---
MO 1 GRAT I Account It 
I July 16, 2014 to July 31. 2014 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION: 
BANK DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS 
Change of address - Please call us at the telephone number listed on the front of this statement to tell us about a change of 
address. 
Deposit agreement - When you opened your account, you received a deposit agreement and fee schedule and agreed that your 
account would be governed by the terms of these documents, as we may amend them from time to time. These documents are 
part of the contract for your deposit account and govem all transactions relating to your account, including all deposits and 
withdrawals. Copies of both the deposit agreement and fee schedule which contain the current version of the terms and 
conditions of your account relationship may be obtained at our banking centers. 
Electronic transfers: In case of errors or questions about your electronic transfers- If you think your statement or receipt is 
wrong or you need more information about an electronic transfer (e.g., ATM transactions, direct deposits or withdrawals, 
point-of-sale transactions) on the statement or receipt, telephone or write us at the address and number listed on the front of 
this statement as soon as you can. We must hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent you the FIRST statement on 
which the error or problem appeared. 
- 
Tell us your name and account number. 
- 
Describe the error or transfer you are unsure about, and explain as clearly as you can why you believe there is an error or 
why you need more information. 
- 
Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error. 
For consumer accounts used primarily for personal, family or household purposes, we will investigate your complaint and will 
correct any error promptly. If we take more than 10 business days (10 calendar days if you are a Massachusetts client) (20 
business days if you are a new client, for electronic transfers occurring during the first 30 days after the first deposit is made to 
your account) to do this, we will credit your account for the amount you think is in error, so that you will have use of the money 
during the time it will take to complete our investigation. 
For other accounts, we investigate, and if we find we have made an error, we credit your account at the conclusion of our 
investigation. 
Reporting other problems - You must examine your statement carefully and promptly. You are in the best position to discover 
errors and unauthorized transactions on your account. If you fail to notify us in writing of suspected problems or an 
unauthorized transaction within the time period specified in the deposit agreement (which periods are no more than 60 days 
after we make the statement available to you and in some cases are 30 days or less), we are not liable to you for, and you agree 
to not make a claim against us for the problems or unauthorized transactions. 
Direct deposits - If you have arranged to have direct deposits made to your account at least once every 60 days from the same 
person or company, you may call us at the telephone number listed on the front of this statement to find out if the deposit was 
made as scheduled. You may also review your activity online or visit a banking center for information. 
Banking products are provided by Bank of America, NA, and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of 
Bank of America Corporation. 
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through Bank of America, N.A and other subsidiaries of Bank 
of America Corporation. 
2013 Bank of America Corporation 
Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC and Cr 
Equal Housing Lender 
Page 2 of 4 
EFTA00591602
--- PAGE 3 ---
U.S. TRUST e 
Sara Ca Arra sr, Pr hale SeaSh Manaparni
APO 1 GRAT I Account 
I July16, 2014 to July 31, 2014 
Your checking account 
Important disclosure information listed on the 'Important Information for Bank Deposit Accounts' page 
Deposits and other additions 
Date 
Description 
Amount 
07/24/14 
Agent Assisted Transfer From Chk 0135 Confirmations 1723230366 
12,899.087.00 
07/31/14 
Interest Earned 
354.65 
Total deposits and other additions 
$12,899,441.65 
Withdrawals and other subtractions 
Other subtractions 
Date 
Description 
Amount 
07/24/14 
Agent Assisted transfer to CHK 0945 Confirmation/7 4023354889 
-35,900.000.00 
Total other subtractions 
-$35,900,000.00 
 
To help you BALANCE YOUR CHECKING ACCOUNT, visit bankofamerica.corn/statementbalance or the Statements and Documents tab 
in Online Banking for a printable version of the How to Balance Your Account Worksheet 
Page 3 of 4 
EFTA00591603
--- PAGE 4 ---
APO 1 GRAT I Accoun 
uly 16. 2014 to July 31, 2014 
This page intentionally left blank 
Page 4 of 4 
EFTA00591604

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591605.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591605.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 1 of 57 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:08-cv-80736-ICAM 
JANE DOE 1 AND JANE DOE 2, 
Petitioners, 
v. 
UNITED STATES, 
Respondent. 
JANE DOE 1 AND JANE DOE 2'S CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF UNDISPUTED 
MATERIAL FACTS AND MOTION FOR PARTIAL SUMMARY JUDGMENT WITH 
INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 (also referred to as "the victims"), by and through 
undersigned counsel, pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 56 and Local Rule 56.1, move for summary 
judgment on the issue of the United States Government's violation of their rights under the 
Crime Victims' Rights Act (CVRA), where no genuine issue of material fact exists.' In support, 
they state: 
INTRODUCTION 
In 2004, Congress enacted the CVRA because it found that in case after case "victims, 
and their families, were ignored, cast aside, and treated as non-participants in a critical event in 
their lives. They were kept in the dark by prosecutors too busy to care enough . . . and by a court 
system that simply did not have place for them." 150 CONG. REC. 7296 (2004) (statement of 
The Court previously granted the victims leave to file a 60•page motion for partial summary judgment. DE 327. 
EFTA00591605
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 2 of 57 
Sen. Feinstein). In passing the CVRA, Congress mandated a series of rights for crime victims. 
Sadly, several years later, when the Government began handling this case, it did precisely what 
Congress thought it had forbidden. The Government deliberately kept crime victims "in the 
dark" so that it could enter into a plea arrangement designed to prevent the victims from raising 
any objection. In doing so, the Government refused to afford victims the rights they had been 
promised by Congress—particularly "the right to reasonable, accurate, and timely notice of any 
public court proceeding," "the reasonable right to confer with the attorney for the Government in 
the case," and "the right to be treated with fairness and with respect for the victim's dignity and 
privacy."' 
The undisputed evidence begins in 2005, when the Palm Beach Police Department 
("PBPD") had identified numerous girls as victims of Jeffrey Epstein's sexual crimes. In 2006, 
the PBPD turned the case over to federal authorities for further investigation. As early as March 
15, 2007 and throughout the rest of the investigation, the United States Attorney's Office for the 
Southern District of Florida ("the Office") specifically identified several dozen girls whom it 
classified as "victims" under the CVRA. Once that identification was made, the Government 
was obligated to afford these victims certain rights under the CVRA—a fact of which the 
Government itself was well aware.' Indeed, the Government provided notification to the girls 
that they were classified as "victims" under the CVRA. 
But what the Government did not tell the victims lies at the heart of the case. It is 
undisputed that the Government did not tell the victims that. by. May 2007, the Office had 
18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(2), (4)-(5), (8); RFP MIA 000001-000006 (Exhibit I). 
000966-000967 (Exhibit 2); 000589-000591 (Exhibit 3); US_Alty_Cor_00135 (Exhibit 4); RFP MIA 000222 
(Exhibit 5). 
EFTA00591606
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 3 of 57 
prepared an 82-page prosecution memorandum and a 53-page indictment against Epstein and his 
co-conspirators.4 At that time, rather than confer with the victims about how to proceed, the 
Government began conferring about this issue exclusively with Epstein's counsel. Epstein's 
counsel contended that, despite abundant connection to interstate commerce, Epstein's sex 
trafficking was purely of local concern. By August 2007, federal prosecutors had disproven or 
rejected these defense arguments and notified the defense that all of the identified victims 
retained federal rights. 
For example, during August 2007, Jane Doe 1, and other similarly situated victims, 
provided details to federal agents of the abuse that they endured at the hands of Epstein and his 
co-conspirators. In September 2007, without conferring with any of the victims, the Government 
and Epstein shifted gears and began working together to concoct a criminal charge for Epstein to 
plea to other than his sexual abuse of minors. As alternative charges, they discussed charging 
Epstein with: (1) various misdemeanors, (2) assaulting his co-conspirators and girlfriend, (3) 
using private investigators to chase and harass victims' families, (4) obstructions of grand jury 
subpoenas, or (5) his obstruction of the federal investigation when he instructed another co-
conspirator to lie to federal agents.' Ultimately, however, none of those would work. Assistant 
U.S. Attorney ("AUSA") Marie Villafafia (the "line prosecutor") informed Epstein's counsel that 
she was getting pushback for creating a charge using one of the main co-conspirators as the 
RFP WPB 000286 (Exhibit 6). 
US_Alty_Cor_00030-00032 (Exhibit 7); RFP MIA 000129 (Exhibit 8); RFP MIA 000133 (Exhibit 9): RFP MIA 
000095 (Exhibit 10); RFP MIA 000075.000076 (Exhibit 11); RFP WPB 000220 (Exhibit 12); RFP MIA 000077-
000087 (Exhibit 13); RFP MIA 000088 (Exhibit 14); RFP WPB 000235.000244 (Exhibit 15); RFP WPB 000107-
000112 (Exhibit 16); RFP WPB 002188 (Exhibit 17); RFP WPB 000266-000277 (Exhibit 18); RFP MIA 000113 
(Exhibit 19); RFP MIA 000151-000160 (Exhibit 20); RFP MIA 000098-000105 (Exhibit 21). 
EFTA00591607
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 4 of 57 
victim.' Consequently, the Government and Epstein searched for another crime for Epstein to 
plead to, which could accompany a federal non-prosecution agreement (NPA). Incredibly, the 
offense to which Epstein and the Government ultimately agreed, labeled the minor victims 
"prostitutes." 
The undisputed evidence clearly shows that by September 21, 2007, the line prosecutor 
had informed Palm Beach State Attorney Barry Krischer that a federal resolution had been 
reached by way of a NPA, yet the victims remained uninformed.? On September 24, 2007, the 
NPA was signed, preventing prosecution of all federal crimes committed by Epstein and his co-
conspirators against the victims. After the signing of the NPA, the Government and Epstein's 
attorneys worked together to choose a lawyer to be paid by Epstein to represent Epstein's victims 
for the purpose of settling civil restitution claims. This too was all being done without the 
victims having any knowledge whatsoever. The correspondence between the Government and a 
candidate for that representative position as well as between the Government and Epstein's 
counsel reflects that the Government still had not yet disclosed the NPA to the victims, and was 
following the guidance of Epstein's counsel in making decisions with respect to the timing and 
substance of any communication to the victims.' 
For the next nine months, from the time the NPA was signed through the date of 
Epstein's state court plea in June of 2008, the Office—doing Epstein's bidding—assiduously 
concealed the NPA's existence from the victims. While this indulgent deal was incredible in its 
own right, even more extraordinary was how the victims were treated during the process. Rather 
Exhibit 15. 
RFP WPB 002125 (Exhibit 22). 
See e.g., US_Atty_Cor_00166 (Exhibit 23). 
EFTA00591608
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 5 of 57 
than confer with the victims about the fact that resolution by NPA was ever being considered—
or even tell them that it was already a signed deal—the Office and Epstein inserted a 
"confidentiality" provision into the agreement barring its disclosure to anyone, including the 
victims. There is no dispute that the Government did not inform the victims of the NPA or of the 
possibility of any such type of resolution. Consequently, there is no dispute that the Government 
did not afford the victims any rights before the signing of the NPA. 
In October 2007, after the NPA was signed, federal agents spoke with three of the more 
than 30 identified victims, including Jane Doe 1.9 The Government does not dispute that this 
contact only occurred after the signing of the NPA. Even more important, it is not disputed that 
this contact was: I) made by the Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI") and not a "prosecutor 
for the Government," 2) that the FBI did not inform the victims of the NPA and certainly did not 
confer with the victims about the details of the NPA, and 3) that this contact only occurred with 
three of the more than 30 victims. Lastly, while the content of that conversation is contested, any 
stretched argument that the conversation satisfied CVRA requirements for Jane Doe 1 are belied 
by the timing of the conversation as well as the uncontested documentary evidence of the 
communications with the victims (including with Jane Doe 1) that followed that conversation. 
Subsequent to the FBI's contact with three of Epstein's victims, the Government 
informed Epstein's attorneys that victim notification letters needed to be sent to all the victims 
pursuant to the CVRA. Rather than comply with this acknowledged requirement, Epstein's 
counsel convinced the Government that (contrary to standard Government practice) Epstein 
RFP MIA 000464.000468 (Exhibit 24). 
EFTA00591609
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 6 of 57 
should be permitted to provide input into any message being delivered, and ultimately that the 
victims should not be told anything "until after Epstein pleas."' 
In January 2008, FBI agents again met with Jane Doe 1 and gathered additional details 
about Epstein's abuse as well as the direct sexual abuse by one of his co-conspirators, 
who participated in the abuse of other victims as well. The Government then sent 
a victim notification letter to Jane Doe 1 informing her of her rights under the CVRA, that "this 
will be a long investigation," and to "be patient."" Jane Doe I was sent a similar letter on June 
7, 2008.12 Other victims were also sent these letters communicating that the Epstein case was an 
on-going active criminal investigation—not that the Government had already immunized Epstein 
for all federal crimes committed against each of the victims, through a NPA. These misleading 
letters were sent almost up until the date of Epstein's state court plea in late June 2008.13
On June 30, 2008, Epstein pled guilty to state court charges. It is uncontested that the 
victims were not reasonably and accurately informed about that hearing—specifically, they were 
never told the hearing was part of a process that would extinguish any possibility of Epstein 
being prosecuted for the crimes he had committed against them in Florida. Even after the plea, 
the Government once again conferred with Epstein's attorneys to decide what to tell the victims. 
As the Court is aware, this CVRA action was filed in July 2008 at a time when the 
victims mistakenly believed that the federal case remained open, and wanted to ensure that their 
rights under the CVRA were afforded before any possible federal disposition. At the emergency 
I° RFP WPB 001978-001979 (Exhibit 25). 
II Declaration of Jane Doe 1 (Exhibit 26); Declaration of Jane Doe 2 (Exhibit 27). 
000978-000989 (Exhibit 28). 
[DE 481 Exhibit I (Exhibit 29). 
EFTA00591610
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 7 of 57 
hearing on the Petition for Enforcement of Crime Victims' Rights Act, Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 
were in the courtroom to learn for the first time that the federal case had been resolved. 
The undisputed facts show that for nine months, the Government and Epstein conspired 
to conceal the NPA from the victims to prevent them from voicing any objection, and to avoid 
the firestorm of controversy that would have arisen if it had become known that the Government 
was immunizing a politically-connected billionaire and all of his co-conspirators from 
prosecution of hundreds of federal sex crimes against minor girls. Such facts demonstrate clear 
violations of the CVRA's requirements that the Government afford victims the reasonable right 
to confer, the right to be treated with fairness, and the right to reasonable and accurate notice 
about court hearings. No genuine issue of material fact or law can exist on these points. The 
Court should accordingly grant summary judgment for the victims on the issue of the CVRA 
violations and then, in subsequent proceedings, turn to the issue of the proper remedy for those 
violations. 
STATEMENT OF UNDISPUTED MATERIAL FACTS 
Pursuant to Local Rule 56.1, the victims submit this statement of undisputed material 
facts in support of their motion for partial summary judgment:14
In an effort to streamline their case and bring it to a more rapid resolution, in this summary judgment motion the 
victims present only some of the evidence that they are prepared to produce at any evidentiary hearing in this matter. 
For instance, the victims have concentrated on the emails and other documents establishing violations of their rights, 
largely avoiding issues of the Government's "motive" for the violations and other related issues. Because of the 
possibility that the Court may not grant summary judgment on this narrower approach, the victims are continuing to 
pursue discovery with regard to motive and several other important issues that would come into play at a broader 
evidentiary hearing. See, e.g., ME 344] (victims' motion for deposition of government witnesses). The victims 
reserve the right to supplement this motion if additional discovery is received through these discovery efforts and to 
present these broader issues at any evidentiary hearing or remedy phase of these proceedings. 
EFTA00591611
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 8 of 57 
EPSTEIN'S CRIMES 
I. Between about 1999 and 2007, Jeffrey Epstein sexually abused more than 30 minor 
girls, including Jane Doe I and Jane Doe 2, at his mansion in Palm Beach, Florida, located in the 
Southern District of Florida, and elsewhere in the United States and overseas.' 
2. Because Epstein and his co-conspirators knowingly traveled in interstate and 
international commerce to sexually abuse Jane Doe 1, Jane Doe 2, and other similarly situated 
victims, they committed violations of not only Florida law (see, e,g., Fla. Stat. §§ 794.05, 796.04, 
796.045, 39.201 & 777.04), but also federal law, including repeated violations of 18 U.S.C. §§ 
1591, 2421, 2422, 2423, & 371).16
EPSTEIN'S VICTIMS 
3. In addition to personally abusing his victims, Epstein also directed other persons to 
sexually abuse the girls. For example, 
sexually abused Jane Doe 1 and other 
victims at the direction of Epstein." 
Is See. e.g., Exhibit 26; Exhibit 27; Jane Doe 102 v. Epstein Complaint (Exhibit 30); Response to Request for 
Admission #1 (Exhibit 31) (admitting federal investigation); FBI 302 of Interview with Jane Doe 1 on August 14, 
2007 (Exhibit 32); FBI 302 of Interview with Jane Doe 1 on January 31, 2008 (Exhibit 33); Palm Beach Police 
Report (Exhibit 34) (discussing investigation of numerous Epstein victims); Exhibit 6 (noting 82-page prosecution 
memo and 52-page prepared indictment); IDE 304] Declaration of FBI Special Agent Slater (Exhibit 35) (noting 
that the FBI identified many potential victims of sexual abuse by Epstein); The People of the State of New York v. 
Jeffrey Epstein (Exhibit 36); RFP WPB 000550-000554 (Exhibit 37) (listing 31 victims the that U.S. Attorney's 
Office was prepared to name as a victim of an enumerated federal offense); Soar Hearing Transcript (Exhibit 38); 
RFP MIA 000361.000365 (Exhibit 39) (Chief of Child Exploitation Section of the Justice Department concluding 
after review of the facts that U.S. Attorney's would not abuse its discretion in prosecuting; noting "multiple 
mutually-corroborating witnesses;" the Epstein case "consistent in principle with other federal prosecutions 
nationwide"). 
See note 14, supra. 
1-1 See Exhibit 32; Exhibit 33; Exhibit 34. 
EFTA00591612
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 9 of 57 
THE INVESTIGATION OF EPSTEIN'S CRIMES 
4. In 2005, the Town of Palm Beach Police Department received a complaint from the 
parents of a 14-year-old girl about her sexual abuse by Jeffrey Epstein. The PBPD then capably 
conducted a thorough investigation and ultimately identified approximately 20 girls between the 
ages of 14 and 17 who were sexually abused by Epstein." 
5. In 2006, at the request of the PBPD, the FBI opened a federal investigation into 
allegations that Epstein and his personal assistants had used facilities of interstate commerce to 
induce girls between the ages of 14 and 17 to engage in illegal sexual activities. 
6. The FBI ultimately determined that both Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 were victims of 
sexual abuse by Epstein while they were minors. Jane Doe 1, for example, provided detailed 
information about her abuse—and the abuse of Jane Doe 2—to the FBI on August 7, 2007.19
7. On about August II, 2006, Jane Doe 2 received a standard CVRA victim notification 
letter. The notification promised that the Justice Department would make its "best efforts" to 
protect Jane Doe 2's rights, including "[t]he reasonable right to confer with the attorney for the 
Government in the case" and "to be reasonably heard at any public proceeding in the district 
court involving ... plea." The notification further explained that "[alt this time, your case is 
under investigation."' That notification meant that Jane Doe 2 had been identified as a victim 
of a federal offense and as someone protected by the CVRA. 
IS Exhibit 34; see also RFP WPB 001940.001941 (Exhibit 40) (later description of investigation by the U.S. 
Attorney's Office). 
Exhibit 26; Exhibit 27; Exhibit 32. 
August 11, 2006 Victim Notification Letter to Jane Doe 2 (Exhibit 41). 
EFTA00591613
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 10 of 57 
8. More generally, the FBI established that Epstein used paid employees to repeatedly 
find and bring minor girls to him. Epstein worked in concert with others to obtain minor girls 
not only for his own sexual gratification, but also for the sexual gratification of others.' 
EPSTEIN'S FEDERAL PLEA NEGOTIATIONS 
9. From January 5, 2007 through September 2007, plea discussions took place between 
the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida and Jeffrey Epstein, who was 
represented by numerous attomeys.22 
10. On February I, 2007, the Epstein defense team sent a 24-page letter to the Office 
going over what they intended to present during a meeting at the Office the same day. The letter 
falsely stated: "Epstein did not know or believe any women were under 18 years of age." It also 
contained other deceptive factual and legal arguments about Epstein's culpability.' 
II. By March 15, 2007, the Office was sending letters to victims informing them of their 
rights pursuant to the CVRA.' 
12. By May 2007, the Office had drafted an 82-page prosecution memorandum and 53-
page indictment outlining numerous federal sexual offenses committed by Epstein.' 
13. On about June 7, 2007, FBI agents hand delivered to Jane Doe 1 a standard CVRA 
victim notification letter. The notification promised that the Justice Department would make its 
"best efforts" to protect Jane Doe l's rights, including "[t]he reasonable right to confer with the 
attorney for the United States in the case" and "to be reasonably heard at any public proceeding 
See note 14, supra. 
RFP WPB 001744 (Exhibit 42). 
RFP WPB 000730.000754 (Exhibit 43) (asserting Epstein thought the girls were 18 or older). 
Exhibit 1. 
US_Atty_Cor. 00004 (Exhibit 44); Exhibit 6. 
EFTA00591614
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 11 of 57 
in the district court involving [a]...plea." The notification further stated that, "[a]t this time, your 
case is under investigation."' 
14. The notification described in the previous paragraph meant that Jane Doe 1 had been 
identified as a victim of a federal offense and as someone protected by the CVRA. Jane Doe 1 
relied on these representations and believed that the Government would protect these rights and 
keep her informed about the progress of her case 27 
15. On July 6, 2007, Epstein's lawyers sent a 23-page letter lodging numerous, technical 
legal arguments to persuade the Office that no federal crimes had been committed by Epstein, 
and that consequently there were no federal crime victims. The letter also falsely claimed that 
"Mr. Epstein never targeted minors," and urged the Government against a federal prosecution on 
the basis that Epstein was an upstanding citizen who had made tremendous philanthropic and 
personal contributions that warranted a declination to prosecute.' 
16. On August 2, 2007, another attorney for Epstein sent a similar letter expressing the 
same sentiments.' 
17. However, by August 3, 2007, the Government had disproven or rejected Epstein's 
various arguments against federal charges, as AUSA Matt Menchel sent a letter to Epstein's 
counsel stating, "[w]e would reiterate that the agreement to Section 2255 liability applies to all of 
the minor girls identified during the federal investigation, not just the 12 that form the basis of an 
June 7, 2007 Victim Notification Letter to Jane Doe 1 (Exhibit 45). 
" Exhibit 26. 
MIA_CEOS_00077-00099 (Exhibit 46); RFP MIA 000189 (Exhibit 47). 
" RFP MIA 000053-000055 (Exhibit 48). 
II 
EFTA00591615
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 12 of 57 
initial planned charging instrument."30 This was a clear indication from the federal prosecutors 
that all of the minor girls identified through the investigation were classified as victims with 
federal rights pursuant to the CVRA. 
18. By September 10, 2007, multiple drafts of the NPA had been exchanged between 
Epstein's counsel and the U.S. Attorney's Office; however, no one from the Office and no 
Government representative had notified a single victim about the existence of the plea 
negotiations, much less conferred with them about their views on those negotiations.' 
19. On September 12, 2007, while attempting to create alternative charges against Epstein, 
the U.S. Attorney's Office expressed concern about "the effect of taking the position that Mr. 
Epstein's house is in the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States" 
because the Government had "no evidence of any assaults occurring either on Mr. Epstein's 
plane or offshore from his residence."' 
20. On September 13, 2007, the line prosecutor emailed Epstein's counsel indicating that 
in an effort to come up with a solution to the September 12 concern, she had been "spending 
some quality time with Title 18 looking for misdemeanors." The line prosecutor further 
indicated, "I know that someone mentioned there being activity on an airplane, I just want to 
make sure that there is factual basis for the plea that the agents can confirm." Epstein's counsel 
responded, 'Unready thinking about the same statutes."33
3° RFP WPB 001479-001480 (Exhibit 49); Exhibit 48 (earlier correspondence attached for reference). 
RFP MIA 000058.000063 (Exhibit 50). 
Exhibit 12; RFP MIA 000072-000073 (Exhibit 51). 
Exhibit 11 (emphasis added). 
EFTA00591616
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 13 of 57 
21. On September 14, 2007, after having spoken on the telephone about the subject matter 
of the September 13 emails, Epstein's counsel and the line prosecutor exchanged emails 
including a proposed plea agreement for Epstein to plea to assaulting one of his co-
conspirators.34
22. On September 15, 2007, the line prosecutor sent an email to the Epstein defense team 
raising concerns about a resolution that would not involve one of Epstein's minor victims and 
stating: 
I have gotten some negative reaction to the assault charge with [a co-conspirator] 
as the victim, since she is considered one of the main perpetrators of the offenses 
that we planned to charge in the indictment. Can you talk to Mr. Epstein about a 
young woman named [Jane Doe]? We have hearsay evidence that she traveled on 
Mr. Epstein's airplane when she was under 18, in around the 2000 or 2001 time 
frame.35
23. On September 16, 2007, the line prosecutor corresponded with Epstein's counsel 
about having Epstein plead to obstruction of justice for pressuring one of his co-conspirators to 
prevent her from turning over evidence or complying with a previously-served grand jury 
subpoena.36
24. In the same correspondence, the Office discussed with defense counsel how they could 
contrive to establish jurisdiction away from the location where the crimes actually occurred—
and away from where the victims actually lived—so as to avoid the public finding out about 
anything: "On an `avoid the press' note, I believe that Mr. Epstein's airplane was in Miami on 
the day of the [co-conspirator] telephone call. If he was in Miami-Dade County at the time, then 
3-1 Exhibit 13. 
Exhibit 15; RFP WPB 000066.000074 (Exhibit 52). 
RFP WPB 000124-000126 (Exhibit 53). 
EFTA00591617
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 14 of 57 
I can file the charge in the District Court in Miami, which will hopefully cut the press coverage 
significantly." They also discussed having Epstein plea to a second charge of assaulting a 
different co-conspirator." 
25. On September 16, 2007, the line prosecutor wrote to Epstein's counsel indicating that 
the Office did not like the factual basis for the proposed charges as the Office was "not 
investigating Mr. Epstein abusing his girlfriend."38
26. The correspondence further discussed a possible plea disposition that would make it 
hard for a judge to see what was happening: 
Andy [i.e., AUSA Andrew Laurie] recommended that some of the timing issues 
be addressed only in the state agreement, so that it isn't obvious to the judge that 
we are trying to create federal jurisdiction for prison purposes. 
I will include our standard language regarding resolving all criminal liability and I 
will mention `co-conspirators,' but I would prefer not to highlight for the judge all 
of the other crimes and all of the other persons that we could charge. Also, we do 
not have the power to bind Immigration . . there is no plan to try to proceed on 
any immigration charges against either Ms. [co-conspirator] or Ms. [co-
conspirator].39
27. In the same email, the line prosecutor wrote to defense counsel about a meeting 
outside the U.S. Attorney's Office: "Maybe we can set a time to meet. If you want to meet `off 
campus' somewhere, that is fine."40
28. On about September 16, 2007, Epstein's counsel provided a proposed NPA to the 
Government that extended immunity from federal prosecution not only for Epstein, but also to 
" US_Atty_Cor. at 29 (Exhibit 54); RFP WPB 000122 (Exhibit 55); RFP WPB 000125-000126 (Exhibit 56); RFP 
MIA 000281 (Exhibit 57). 
Is Exhibit 7. 
Id. 
4" Exhibit 7; US_Atty_Cor. 00196 (Exhibit 58) (indicating that at least one additional meeting was held off campus 
between the Government and counsel for Epstein). 
EFTA00591618
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 15 of 57 
certain co-conspirators: "Epstein's fulfilling the terms and conditions of the Agreement also 
precludes the initiation of any and all criminal charges which might otherwise in the future be 
brought against 
Lesley Groff, and 
or any 
employee of N.E.S. for any criminal charge that arises out of the ongoing federal investigation as 
described above."41
29. On September 17, 2007, the line prosecutor wrote to defense counsel Jay Lefkowitz: 
"Please send [a document] to my home e-mail address — [redacted] and give me a call on my cell 
[redacted] so I can be ready for some discussions tomorrow."42 In discovery in this case, the 
U.S. Attorney's Office has not produced any emails sent to or from any home e-mail addresses 
of its prosecutors. 
30. On September 17, 2007, defense counsel Jay Leflcowitz responded: "[D]o you have 
another obstruction proffer I can review that you have drafted? Also, if we go that route, would 
you intend to make the deferred prosecution agreement public?"
31. On September 18, 2007, the Office responded: "A non-prosecution agreement would 
not be made public or filed with the Court, but it would remain part of our case file. It probably 
would be subject to a FOIA request, but it is not something that we would distribute without 
compulsory process."
32. On September 20, 2007, the U.S. Attorney's Office wrote: "On the issue about 18 
USC 2255 [a civil restitution provision], we seem to be miles apart. Your most recent version 
Exhibit 16. 
RFP WPB 001709 (Exhibit 59). 
i3 Exhibit 17. 
a Exhibit 10. 
EFTA00591619
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 16 of 57 
not only had me binding the girls to a trust fund administered by the state court, but also 
promising that they will give up their 2255 rights.... In the context of a non-prosecution 
agreement, the office may be more willing to be specific about not pursuing charges against 
others."45
33. On September 21, 2007, state prosecutor Barry Krischer wrote the line prosecutor 
about the proposed deal and added: "Glad we could get this worked out for reasons I won't put in 
writing. After this is resolved I would love to buy you a cup at Starbucks and have a 
conversation." 
Such statement is further evidence of the fact that Epstein's counsel, the U.S. 
Attorney's Office, and the State of Florida were conferring daily in an effort to resolve the case 
in a way that would compensate the victims through restitution, yet no one made any effort to 
notify the victims of the true status of the case. 
34. On September 21, 2007, the line prosecutor emailed Epstein's counsel stating, "I think 
that the attached addresses the concerns about having an unlimited number of claimed victims, 
without me trying to bind girls whom I do not represent!' Despite knowledge that such 
agreement would be binding on the victims, the Office never attempted to notify or confer with 
the victims about the existence of the NPA. 
35. On September 23, 2007, the U.S. Attorney's Office sent an email to Lefkowitz stating: 
"It is factually accurate that the list we are going to give you are persons we have identified as 
victims. If we did not think they were victims, they would have no right to bring suit."
RFP MIA 000173 (Exhibit 60). 
u Exhibit 21. 
i 7 US_Atty_Cor 0081.0087 (Exhibit 61) (emphasis added). 
Exhibit 4. 
EFTA00591620
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 17 of 57 
36. On September 24, 2007, the line prosecutor sent an e-mail to a prospective 
representative for the Epstein victims named Humberto "Bert" Ocariz, entitled "Conflict Check" 
confirming the girls' status as victims, stating: "Please keep this confidential because these are 
minor victims. This is a preliminary list.'W9 Later on September 24, 2007, the line prosecutor 
sent an email to Leflcowitz stating, "I have compiled a list of 34 confirmed minors."50
37. As correspondence continued on September 24, 2007, and the NPA was being 
executed, Lefkowitz sent an email to line prosecutor Marie Villafafia stating: "Marie — Please do 
whatever you can to keep this [i.e., the NPA] from becoming public.."51
SIGNING THE SECRET NON-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT 
38. On September 24, 2007, Epstein and the U.S. Attorney's Office formally reached an 
agreement whereby the United States would defer federal prosecution in favor of prosecution by 
the State of Florida. Epstein and the Office accordingly entered into a NPA reflecting such 
agreement. Most significantly, the NPA gave Epstein a promise that he would not be prosecuted 
in the Southern District of Florida for a series of federal felony offenses involving his sexual 
abuse of more than 30 known minor girls and countless other unknown minors. The NPA 
instead allowed Epstein to plead guilty to state felony offenses for solicitation of prostitution and 
procurement of minors for prostitution.' 
39. The NPA also set up a procedure whereby a victim of Epstein's sexual abuse could 
obtain an attorney to proceed with a civil settlement with Epstein, provided that the victim 
Exhibit 2. 
S0 Exhibit 4. 
Exhibit 57. 
Executed Non-Prosecution Agreement (Exhibit 62). 
EFTA00591621
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 18 of 57 
agreed to limit damages sought from Epstein." Such provision was devised by Epstein's 
counsel and the Office without the knowledge or consent of the victims, and without any 
opportunity for them to reasonably confer on the provision. 
40. Among other provisions, the NPA expanded immunity to any "potential co-
conspirator" of Epstein's: "In consideration of Epstein's agreement to plead guilty and to provide 
compensation in the manner described above, if Epstein successfully fulfills all of the terms and 
conditions of this agreement, the United States also agrees that it will not institute any criminal 
charges against any potential co-conspirators of Epstein, including but not limited to 
Lesley Groff, or 
”54 
41. The NPA also provided that it was confidential: "The parties anticipate that this 
agreement will not be made part of any public record. If the United States receives a Freedom of 
Information Act request or any compulsory process commanding the disclosure of the 
agreement, it will provide notice to Epstein before making that disclosure."
LACK OF VICTIM NOTIFICATION BEFORE THE NPA WAS SIGNED 
42. From the time the FBI began investigating Epstein until September 24, 2007—when 
the NPA was concluded—the U.S. Attorney's Office never conferred with the victims about a 
NPA.m
43. From the time the FBI began investigating Epstein until September 24, 2007—when 
the NPA was concluded—the U.S. Attorney's Office never even told the victims that such an 
Exhibit 62. 
m Id. at 5. 
Id. 
See Tr. of July 11, 2008 Hearing (Exhibit 63) at 9-12; [DE 14] at 4 (Exhibit 64). 
EFTA00591622
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 19 of 57 
agreement was under consideration." 
FAILURE TO NOTIFY OTHER SIMILARLY-SITUATED VICTIMS 
ABOUT THE NPA 
44. Many, if not all, other similarly-situated victims received standard CVRA victim 
notification letters substantively identical to those sent to Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 and the 
Government reasonably expected them to rely on those representations." 
45. The U.S. Attorney's Office did not consult or confer with any of the victims about the 
NPA before it was signed." 
46. The U.S. Attorney's Office did not tell any of the victims about the NPA before it was 
signed.60
47. Because none of the victims knew about the NPA or any other possible resolution of 
the case, they could not have conferred with prosecutors about the NPA before it was signed.' 
48. Epstein's counsel was aware that the Office was deliberately keeping the NPA secret 
from the victims and, indeed, had sought assurances to that effect.' 
NEGOTIATIONS ABOUT CONCEALING THE NPA FROM THE VICTIMS 
49. After the NPA was signed, Epstein's counsel and the Office began negotiations about 
whether the victims would be told about the NPA." 
See Exhibit 63 at 9-12; Exhibit 64 at 4; [DE 225-1] at 51 (Exhibit 65). 
Id. 
Id. 
6° Id. 
Exhibit 26; Exhibit 27. 
Exhibit 63 at 9; US_ Atty_Cor. 0153 (Exhibit 66) (emphases added); RFP MIA 000489.000491 (Exhibit 67). 
Exhibit 66 (emphases added). 
EFTA00591623
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 20 of 57 
50. It was a deviation from the Government's standard practice to negotiate with defense 
counsel about the extent of crime victim notifications' 
51. To pressure the Office to agree to positions they wanted, Epstein's counsel began "a 
year-long assault on the prosecution and the prosecutors." This assault was more aggressive than 
any U.S. Attorney Alex Acosta, or any of his prosecutors, had ever seen in their extensive 
experience 6s 
52. On about September 24, 2007, the U.S. Attorney's Office sent an e-mail to Lefkowitz, 
stating that the Government and Epstein's counsel would negotiate privately about what 
information would be disclosed to the victims about the agreement: 
Thank you, Jay. I have forwarded your message only to [United States Attorney] 
Alex [Acosta], Andy, and Roland. I don't anticipate it going any further than that. 
When I receive the originals, I will sign and return one copy to you. The other 
will be placed in the case file, which will be kept confidential since it also 
contains identifying information about the girls. 
When we reach an agreement about the attorney representative for the girls, we 
can discuss what I can tell him and the girls about the agreement. I know that 
Andy promised Chief Reiter an update when a resolution was achieved.... 
Rolando is calling, but Rolando knows not to tell Chief Reiter about the money 
issue, just about what crimes Mr. Epstein is pleading guilty to and the amount of 
time that has been agreed to. Rolando also is telling Chief Reiter not to disclose 
the outcome to anyone.' 
53. On September 25, 2007, the line prosecutor sent an e-mail to Lefkowitz stating: "And 
can we have a conference call to discuss what I may disclose to . . . the girls regarding the 
agreement."67
Exhibit 65 at 50. 
001795.001797 (Exhibit 68); see, e.g., Exhibit 24. 
Exhibit 66 (emphases added). 
US_Atty_Cor. at 156 (Exhibit 69). 
EFTA00591624
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 21 of 57 
54. On September 25, 2007, the line prosecutor sent an email to Lefkowitz, (1) expressing 
what she called "bias" against plaintiffs' attorneys, (2) trying to set up an arrangement whereby 
Epstein's victims would not be represented by various private attorneys, and (3) arguing instead 
for an attorney in Miami who could help keep things concealed: "They [Ted Babbitt, Stuart 
Grossman, Chris Searcy, Jake Lytal] are all very good personal injury lawyers, but I have 
concerns about whether there would be an inherent tension because they may feel that THEY 
might make more money (and get a lot more press coverage) if they proceed outside the Terms 
of the plea agreement. (Sorry — I just have a bias against plaintiffs' attorneys.) One nice thing 
about Bert is that he is in Miami where there has been almost no coverage of this case."" 
55. On September 26, 2007, the line prosecutor sent an e-mail to Lefkowitz in which she 
stated: "Hi Jay — Can you give me a call at 561-[xxx-xxxx] this morning? I am meeting with the 
agents and want to give them their marching orders regarding what they can tell the girls."' 
56. On September 27, 2007, the attorney appointed by the Office to represent the 
victims—without the knowledge of the victims—emailed the Office asking questions about the 
assignment, including whether he could see a copy the indictment or plea agreement "so that we 
understand exactly what Epstein concedes to in the civil case."70
57. On September 27, 2007, upon inquiry from the Office, Lefkowitz responded by stating 
that the attorney representative "certainly [] should not get a copy of any indictment."71
' RFP WPB 000384 (Exhibit 70). 
Exhibit 26; US_Atty_Cor. at 359 (Exhibit 71). 
7° 000574-000575 (Exhibit 72). 
RFP WPB 001687 (Exhibit 73). 
EFTA00591625
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 22 of 57 
58. On September 27, 2007, the line prosecutor informed Epstein's counsel of concerns 
raised by the attorney representative for the girls selected by the Government and paid for by 
Epstein. Specifically, "Mlle concern is, if all 40 girls decide they want to sue, they don't want to 
be in a situation where Mr. Epstein says this is getting too expensive, we won't pay anymore 
attorneys' fees."' 
59. On September 27, 2007, the line prosecutor sent an email to state prosecutors Lanna 
Belohlavek and Barry Krischer: "Can you let me know when Mr. Epstein is going to enter his 
guilty plea and what judge that will be in front of? I know the agents and I would really like to 
be there, `incognito.'" The fact that they intended to be at the plea proceeding "incognito" is 
evidence that they did not intend to notify the victims of the proceeding.' 
60. On October 3, 2007, the U.S. Attorney's Office sent a proposed letter that would have 
gone to a special master for selecting an attorney representative for the victims under NPA's 
compensation procedure. The letter described the facts of the Epstein case as follows: "Mr. 
Epstein, through his assistants, would recruit underage females to travel to his home in Palm 
Beach to engage in lewd conduct in exchange for money. Based upon the investigation, the 
United States has identified 40 young women who can be characterized as victims pursuant to 18 
U.S.C. § 2255. Some of those women went to Mr. Epstein's home only once, some went there 
as many as 100 times or more. Some of the women's conduct was limited to performing a 
Exhibit 23. 
RFP WPB 002046 (Exhibit 74). 
EFTA00591626
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 23 of 57 
topless or nude massage while Mr. Epstein masturbated himself. For other women, the conduct 
escalated to full sexual intercourse."74
61. On October 10, 2007, Lefkowitz sent a letter to U.S. Attorney Acosta stating, in 
pertinent part: "Neither federal agents nor anyone from your Office should contact the identified 
individuals to inform them of the resolution of the case, including appointment of the attorney 
representative and the settlement process. Not only would that violate the confidentiality of the 
agreement, but Mr. Epstein also will have no control over what is communicated to the identified 
individuals at this most critical stage. We believe it is essential that we participate in crafting 
mutually acceptable communication to the identified individuals." The letter further proposed 
that the attorney representative for the victims be instructed that "[t]he details regarding the 
United States's investigation of this matter and its resolution with Mr. Epstein is confidential. 
You may not make public statements regarding this matter."' 
62. On October 18, 2007, the U.S. Attorney met with Lefkowitz in person for breakfast. 
Meanwhile, the victims had still not been notified of the NPA.76
63. On October 23, 2007, Lefkowitz sent a letter to U.S. Attorney Acosta, which stated: "I 
also want to thank you for the commitment you made to me during our October 12 meeting in 
which you . . . assured me that your Office would not . . contact any of the identified 
individuals, potential witnesses, or potential civil claimants and their respective counsel in this 
?natter."' 
RFP WPB 000411.000412 (Exhibit 75). 
RFP MIA 000015-000016 (Exhibit 76). 
RFP WPB 002020.002021 (Exhibit 77). 
n Exhibit 67 (emphasis added). 
EFTA00591627
--- PAGE 24 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 24 of 57 
64. On October 24, 2007, AUSA Jeff Sloman sent a letter to Jay Leflcowitz, proposing an 
Addendum to the NPA clarifying the procedures for the third-party representative for the victims 
under the NPA's compensation procedures.' 
65. On October 25, 2007, AUSA Jeff Sloman sent a letter to Ret. Judge Davis about 
selecting an attorney to represent the victims under the NPA's compensation procedure.79
LACK OF VICTIM NOTIFICATION AFTER THE NPA WAS SIGNED 
66. After the NPA was signed, the Office regarded the agreement as having "an express 
confidentiality provision.."80
67. By entering into the confidentiality provision, the Office put itself in a position that 
conferring with the crime victims—including Jane Doe 1, Jane Doe 2, and other similarly-
situated victims—about the co-conspirator immunity provision and the NPA's non-prosecution 
provisions would have violated the confidentiality provision of the agreement.' 
68. The confidentiality provision was a contractual prohibition, binding on the U.S. 
Attorney's Office, against disclosing the terms of the NPA." 
69. Epstein was well aware of this failure to notify the victims and, indeed, arranged for 
this failure to notify the victims." 
70. On about October 26 or 27, 2007, after the initial plea agreement was signed, FBI 
agents contacted Jane Doe I. Special Agents E. Nesbitt Kuyrkendall and Jason Richards met in 
US_Atty_Cor. 00220-00226 (Exhibit 78). 
000551.000554 (Exhibit 79). 
8° Exhibit 64 at 4. 
Exhibit 62. 
Id. 
Id.; Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18.19, 22-23, 28.29; Exhibit 64 at 4-5; Exhibit 69. 
EFTA00591628
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 25 of 57 
person with Jane Doe 1. During this litigation, the Special Agents have said that they explained 
that Epstein would plead guilty to state charges involving another victim, he would be required 
to register as a sex offender for life, and he had made certain concessions related to the payment 
of damages.84
71. During this meeting, the Special Agents did not explain that an agreement had already 
been signed that precluded any prosecution of Epstein for federal charges for crimes committed 
against Jane Doe 1 or the many other victims cooperating with the federal investigation." 
72. The Special Agents also did not explain that an agreement had already been signed 
that precluded any prosecution of Epstein's co-conspirators, including 
who had 
personally sexually abused Jane Doe 1 at the direction of Epstein. Because the plea arrangement 
had already been reached with Epstein, the agents made no attempt to secure Jane Doe 1's view 
on the proposed resolution of the case or to confer with her about it.86
73. Jane Doe 1 did not get the opportunity to meet or confer with the attorney for the 
Government in the case about any potential federal deal that related to her or the crimes Epstein 
committed against her.87
74. The agents could not have revealed the immunity features of the NPA without 
violating its terms, which required that the Government "provide notice to Epstein before making 
... disclosure" of the NPA." 
s' Exhibit 26. 
Exhibit 62; Exhibit 26; Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18.19, 22-23. 
Id. 
v Id. 
" Id. 
EFTA00591629
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 26 of 57 
75. Jane Doe l's understanding of the Special Agent's explanation was that only the state 
portion of the Epstein investigation was being resolved, and that the federal investigation in 
which she was participating would continue. This understanding is consistent with the future 
communication she received." 
76. In addition to Jane Doe I, FBI agents talked to only two other victims out of the 34 
identified victims about the "general terms" of the NPA, including the provision providing a 
federal civil remedy to the victims." 
77. After these meetings with three victims, Epstein's defense team complained. At that 
point, the U.S. Attorney's Office decided not to make any notifications about the NPA to any 
78. Other than the three victims mentioned above, the United States did not inform any of 
the victims of anything about the status of the case or any plea discussions with Epstein, 
including even the existence of the NPA.' 
79. On about November 27, 2007, AUSA Jeff Sloman sent an e-mail to Lefkowitz, (with a 
cc to U.S. Attorney Acosta) stating that the Office had a statutory obligation to notify the victims 
about Epstein's plea to state charges that was part of the NPA: 
The United States has a statutory obligation (Justice for All Act of 2004) to notify 
the victims of the anticipated upcoming events and their rights associated with the 
agreement entered into by the United States and Mr. Epstein in a timely fashion. 
Tomorrow will make one full week since you were formally notified of the 
selection. I must insist that the vetting process come to an end. Therefore, unless 
you provide me with a good faith objection to Judge Davis's selection [as special 
" Exhibit 26; Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18-19, 22-23, 28-29; [DE 58] (Exhibit 80) at II. 
9° RFP MIA 000408 (Exhibit 81); Exhibit 64 at 4. 
Exhibit 64 at 5. 
Exhibit 62; Exhibit 65 at 57; Exhibit 64 at 4-5. 
EFTA00591630
--- PAGE 27 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 27 of 57 
master for selecting legal counsel for victims pursuing claims against Epstein] by 
COB tomorrow, November 28, 2007, I will authorize the notification of the 
victims. Should you give me the go-head on [victim representative] . . . selection 
by COB tomorrow, I will simultaneously send you a draft of the letter. I intend to 
notify the victims by letter after COB Thursday, November 29'1.93
80. On November 28, 2007, the Government sent an email to Lefkowitz attaching a letter 
dated November 29, 2007 (the apparent date upon which it was intended to be mailed) and 
explained that "I am writing to inform you that the federal investigation of Jeffrey Epstein has 
been completed, and Mr. Epstein and the U.S. Attorney's Office have reached an agreement 
containing the following terms." The proposed letter then spelled out a number of the provisions 
in the NPA, including that because Epstein's plea to state charges was "part of the resolution of 
the federal investigation," the victims were "entitled to be present and to make a statement under 
oath at the state sentencing."' 
81. On November 28, 2007, Lefkowitz sent an email to U.S. Attorney Acosta (with a copy 
to AUSA Sloman) objecting to victim notifications: 
We do, however, strongly and emphatically object to your sending a letter to the 
alleged victims. Finally, we disagree with your view that you are required to 
notify the alleged victims pursuant to the Justice for All Act of 2004.... 
Furthermore, if a letter is to be sent to these individuals, we believe we should 
have a right to review and make objections to that submission prior to it being 
sent to any alleged victims.... int it should happen only after Mr. Epstein has 
entered his plea.' 
82. The Government complied with such direction and failed to inform the victims of the 
NPA until after Epstein entered his plea. On November 29, 2007, Lefkowitz sent a letter to U.S. 
Attorney Acosta objecting to the proposed victim notification letter, stating that it is 
US_Atty_Cor. at 00255.00262 (Exhibit 82) (emphasis rearranged). 
RFP WPB 000429 (Exhibit 83); RFP MIA 000011.000014 (Exhibit 84). 
" Exhibit 26 (emphasis added). 
EFTA00591631
--- PAGE 28 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 28 of 57 
inappropriate for any letter to be sent to the victims before Epstein entered his plea or had been 
sentenced. Lefkowitz also told the Government that the victims should not be invited to the state 
sentencing, that they should not be encouraged to contact law enforcement officials, and that 
encouraging the attorney representative to do anything other than get paid by Epstein to settle the 
cases was to encourage an ethical conflict.%
83. On about November 30, 2007, U.S. Attorney Acosta sent a letter to one of Epstein's 
defense attorneys, Ken Starr, stating: "I am directing our prosecutors not to issue victim 
notification letters until this Friday at 5 p.m., to provide you with time to review these options 
with your client." The letter also explained that the line prosecutor had informed Acosta "that 
the victims were not told of the availability of Section 2255 relief during the investigation phase 
of this matter" despite the fact that the "[r]ule of law . . . now requires this District to consider 
the victims' rights under this statute in negotiating this Agreement."' 
84. Because of concerns from Epstein's attorneys, the U.S. Attorney's Office never sent 
the proposed victim notification letters discussed in previous paragraphs to the victims or 
anything discussing any of the NPA provisions."' 
85. On December 5, 2007, Starr sent a letter to U.S. Attorney Acosta (with copy to AUSA 
Sloman) asking about issuance of victim notification letters and stating: "While we believe that it 
is wholly inappropriate for your Office to send this letter under any circumstances, it is certainly 
inappropriate to issue this letter without affording us the right to review it."
RFP MIA 000007.000010 (Exhibit 85). 
RFP MIA 000501.507 (Exhibit 86). 
Exhibit 26; RFP MIA 000025.000037 (Exhibit 87). 
Exhibit 76. 
EFTA00591632
--- PAGE 29 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 29 of 57 
86. On about December 6, 2007, Sloman sent a letter to Lefkowitz again recognizing the 
rights of the victims, and also recognizing that the victims had not yet been afforded any rights, 
despite the fact that the NPA was signed months earlier. The letter stated: 
[E]ach of the listed individuals are persons whom the Office identified as victims. 
[T]he Office is prepared to indict Mr. Epstein based upon Mr. Epstein's 
`interactions' with these individuals. This conclusion is based upon a thorough 
and proper investigation - one in which none of the victims was informed of any 
right to receive damages of any amount prior to the investigation of her claim. 
[T]he Office can say, without hesitation, that the evidence demonstrates that each 
person on the list was a victim of Mr. Epstein's criminal behavior. 
Finally, let me address your objections to the draft Victim Notification Letter. 
You write that you don't understand the basis for the Office's belief that it is 
appropriate to notify the victims. Pursuant to the `Justice for All Act of 2004,' 
crime victims are entitled to: 'The right to reasonable, accurate, and timely notice 
of any public court proceeding ... involving the crime' and the `right not to be 
excluded from any such public court proceeding....' 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(2) & 
(3). Section 3771 also commands that 'employees of the Department of Justice .. 
. engaged in the detection, investigation, or prosecution of crime shall make their 
best efforts to see that crime victims are notified of, and accorded, the rights 
described in subsection (a).' 18 U.S.C. § 3771(c)(1).... 
With respect to notification of the other information that we propose to disclose, 
the statute requires that we provide a victim with the earliest possible notice of: 
the status of the investigation, the filing of charges against a suspected offender, 
and the acceptance of a plea. 42 U.S.C. 10607(c)(3). Just as in 18 U.S.C. 3771, 
these sections are not limited to proceedings in a federal district court. Our Non-
Prosecution Agreement resolves the federal investigation by allowing Mr. Epstein 
to plead to a state offense. The victims identified through the federal investigation 
should be appropriately informed, and our Non-Prosecution Agreement does not 
require the U.S. Attorney's Office to forego its legal obligations. 
[T]he Office believes that it has proof beyond a reasonable doubt that each listed 
individual was a victim of Mr. Epstein's criminal conduct while the victim was a 
minor. The law requires us to treat all victims "with fairness and with respect for 
the victim's dignity and privacy." 18 U.S.C. 3771(a)(8).100
100 US_Atty_Cor. 190.193 (Exhibit 88) (emphasis added). 
EFTA00591633
--- PAGE 30 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 30 of 57 
The letter included a footnote stating: "Unlike the State's investigation, the federal investigation 
shows criminal conduct by Mr. Epstein at least as early as 2001, so all of the victims were 
minors at the time of the offense."101
87. On December 7, 2007, defense attorney Lilly Ann Sanchez sent a letter to AUSA 
Sloman, requesting "that the Office hold off on sending any victim notification letters." The 
Government complied.102
88. While discussing with defense counsel changes in the October 2007 Addendum and in 
a December 19, 2007 letter from the U.S. Attorney to Attorney Lilly Ann Sanchez, the U.S. 
Attorney's Office did not confer with any of the victims about these modifications to the NPA. 
89. On December 13, 2007, the line prosecutor sent a letter to Lefkowitz confirming that 
the Government had earlier stopped making victim notifications because of objections from 
Epstein's criminal defense counsel: "You raised objections to any victim notification, and no 
further notifications were done."103 The December 13, 2007 letter reveals it would have been 
possible to confer with victims about the NPA. The U.S. Attorney's Office was able to confer 
constantly with Epstein's counsel about the parameters of the NPA, but intentionally declined to 
confer with Epstein's victims about the Agreement.107
90. On December 19, 2007, U.S. Attorney Acosta sent a letter to Lilly Ann Sanchez 
stating, "I understand that the defense objects to the victims being given notice of time and place 
of Mr. Epstein's state court sentencing hearing. We intend to provide victims with notice of the 
101 RFP WPB 000620 (Exhibit 89). 
102 RFP WPB 001557 (Exhibit 90). 
101 Exhibit 24; Exhibit 69; RFP MIA 00469 (Exhibit 91). 
1°4 Id. 
EFTA00591634
--- PAGE 31 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 31 of 57 
federal resolution, as required by law. We will defer to the discretion of the State Attorney 
regarding whether he wishes to provide victims with notices of the state proceedings!' 
91. In about early January 2008, as the result of pressure from Epstein's attorneys, Acosta 
agreed with Epstein's attorneys "that there were significant irregularities with the deferred 
prosecution agreement" and "called a time-out." 
At that time, Acosta asked the Child 
Exploitation and Obscenity Section of the Justice Department's Criminal Division, located in 
Washington, D.C., to look at the case.106
CONCEALING THE NPA WHILE EPSTEIN SOUGHT REVIEW 
92. Following the entry of the "time out," any requirement that Epstein carry out his 
obligations under the NPA was delayed while he sought higher level review within the Justice 
Department. During this review, the victims were not told about the existence of the NPA.107
93. On January 10, 2008, Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 received victim notification letters 
from the FBI advising them that "[t]his case is currently under investigation. This can be a 
lengthy process and we request your continued patience while we conduct a thorough 
, 
investigation."ws
94. The January 10, 2008, notification letter did not disclose that the federal cases in the 
Southern District of Florida involving Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 were the subject of the NPA 
US_Atty_Cor. 00272-00273 (Exhibit 92); RFP MIA 000038-000040 (Exhibit 93); RFP MIA 00041-00047 
(Exhibit 94); RFP MIA 000048.000052 (Exhibit 95). 
106 Exhibit 91 (email from Lefkowitz to Acosta, dated February 29, 2008, and noting that it had been nearly two 
months since the "time out" agreement). 
107 Exhibit 26; Exhibit 27; RFP WPB 001616-001623 (Exhibit 96); Exhibit 63 at 4-5, 18.19, 22-29. 
l°8 January 10, 2008 Victim Notification Letter to Jane Doe 1 (Exhibit 97) (emphasis added); January 10, 2008 
Victim Notification Letter to Jane Doe 2 (Exhibit 98). 
EFTA00591635
--- PAGE 32 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 32 of 57 
entered into by Epstein and the U.S. Attorney's Office discussed previously, or that there had 
been any potentially binding resolution.109
95. On about January 10, 2008, other victims similarly-situated to Jane Doe 1 and Jane 
Doe 2 received letters identical in substance to those described in the immediately preceding 
paragraphs.1°
96. In early 2008, Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 believed that criminal prosecution of 
Epstein was extremely important. They also desired to be consulted by the FBI or other 
representatives of the Federal Government about the prosecution of Epstein. In light of the 
letters that they had received around January 10, 2008, they reasonably believed, as was 
obviously intended by the letters, that a federal criminal investigation of Epstein was on-going—
including investigation into Epstein's crimes against them. They also reasonably believed that 
they would be contacted by and have an opportunity to confer with federal prosecutors before the 
Federal Government reached any final resolution of that investigation.'" 
97. On January 31, 2008, Jane Doe 1 met with FBI Agents and AUSA's from the U.S. 
Attorney's Office. She provided additional details of Epstein's sexual abuse of her. The 
AUSA's did not disclose to Jane Doe 1 at this meeting that they had already negotiated a NPA 
with Epstein.112
98. On March 19, 2008, the line prosecutor sent a lengthy email to a prospective pro bono 
attorney for one of Epstein's victims who had been subpoenaed to appear at a deposition. The 
l°9 Id. 
110 Exhibit 63 at 4-5, 18.19, 22-29. 
III Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18.19, 22-23, 28.29; Exhibit 26; Exhibit 27. 
112 Exhibit 33. 
EFTA00591636
--- PAGE 33 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 33 of 57 
email listed the attorneys representing Epstein, the targets of the investigation, and recounted in 
detail the investigation that had been conducted to that point. The email did not reveal the fact 
that Epstein had signed the NPA in September 2007.113
99. On May 30, 2008, Jane Doe 5 (another client of the undersigned), who was recognized 
as an Epstein victim by the U.S. Attorney's Office, received a letter from the FBI advising her 
that "[t]his case is currently under investigation. This can be a lengthy process and we request 
your continued patience while we conduct a thorough investigation."114 The statement in the 
notification letter was misleading. The letter did not disclose the NPA already entered into by 
Epstein and the Office, and instead implied that the Office was still investigating Epstein and had 
not decided how to proceed with the case, neither of which was accurate.' 
100. The May 30, 2008, victim letter to Jane Doe 5 also acknowledged the victims' rights 
under the CVRA at the same time as the Office was not disclosing the NPA's existence to Jane 
Doe 5 and the other victims.116
101. In mid-June 2008, Mr. Edwards contacted the line AUSA handling the case to inform 
her that he represented Jane Doe 1 and, later, Jane Doe 2. Mr. Edwards asked to meet to provide 
information about the federal crimes committed by Epstein against these victims, hoping to 
secure a significant federal indictment against Epstein, consistent with his clients' desires. The 
line prosecutor and Mr. Edwards discussed the possibility of federal charges being filed in the 
Ill  Exhibit 40. 
114 Exhibit 29. 
115 Id. 
116 Exhibit 28; Exhibit 62. 
EFTA00591637
--- PAGE 34 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 34 of 57 
future. Mr. Edwards was lead to believe federal charges could still be filed, with no mention 
whatsoever of the existence of the NPA or any other possible resolution to the case. 117
102. At the end of the call, the line prosecutor asked Mr. Edwards to send any information 
that he wanted considered by the Office in determining whether to file federal charges. Because 
of the confidentiality provision that existed in the plea agreement, the line prosecutor did not 
inform Mr. Edwards that months earlier, in September 2007, the Office had reached an 
agreement not to file federal charges. The line prosecutor also did not inform Mr. Edwards that 
resolution of the criminal matter was imminent.'" 
103. On June 19, 2008, Mr. Edwards sent an email to the line prosecutor requesting to 
meet in person to confer with the Government regarding the status of his clients' case.'" 
104. Because the line prosecutor did not tell Mr. Edwards about the NPA, Mr. Edwards 
was not able to confer with the prosecutor about the NPA on behalf of his clients. Mr. Edwards, 
however, made it perfectly clear that his clients wanted to confer with the prosecutor before any 
resolution was reached. Epstein was aware of this continued concealment of the NPA from the 
victims and, indeed, sought this concealment.'" 
105. On June 23, 2008, the line prosecutor sent an email to Lefkowitz stating that the 
Deputy Attorney General had completed his review of the Epstein matter and "determined that 
federal prosecution of Mr. Epstein's case [wa]s appropriate. Accordingly, Mr. Epstein ha[d] until 
117 Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18.19, 22-23, 28.29; Exhibit 64 at 5.6. 
us Id.; US_Atty_Cor. 0321 (Exhibit 99). 
lig RFP WPB 001894 (Exhibit 100). 
120 Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18.19, 22-23, 28.29; Exhibit 64 at 5.6; Exhibit 99. 
EFTA00591638
--- PAGE 35 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 35 of 57 
the close of business on Monday, June 30, 2008, to comply with the terms and conditions of the 
agreement between the United States and Mr. Epstein."'n
EPSTEIN'S ENTRY OF HIS GUILTY PLEA 
106. On and before June 30, 2008, the Government and Epstein's attorneys corresponded 
extensively (often multiple times on any given day) regarding Epstein's entry of his guilty plea. 
Throughout the course of these communications, the Government and Epstein operated on the 
agreement that the victims would not be told about the NPA, much less about the fact that 
Epstein's plea was a triggering event for the federal case being resolved.122
107. On about June 27, 2008, the U.S. Attorney's Office called Mr. Edwards to provide 
notice to his clients regarding the impending Monday morning hearing. The notice, however, 
was only that Epstein was pleading guilty to state solicitation of prostitution charges involving 
other victims—not Mr. Edwards' clients nor any of the federally-identified victims. The U.S. 
Attorney's Office did not tell Mr. Edwards that the guilty pleas in state court would bring an end 
to the possibility of federal prosecution pursuant to the plea agreement.123
108. In fact, the U.S. Attorney's Office did not disclose to Edwards the fact that the guilty 
pleas in state court had any bearing on the cases of Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2. As a result, Jane 
Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 did not attend the plea hearing.124
121 Exhibit 40. 
122 Exhibit 26; Exhibit 27; Exhibit 62; Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18.19, 22-23; Exhibit 99; RFP WPB 000512-000513 
(Exhibit 101). 
123 Exhibit 62; Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18.19, 22-23; Exhibit 99; Exhibit 101. 
124 Exhibit 26; Exhibit 27; Exhibit 62; Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18-19, 22-23; Exhibit 99; Exhibit 101; Declaration of Brad 
Edwards (Exhibit 102). 
EFTA00591639
--- PAGE 36 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 36 of 57 
109. Had they known that the plea agreement in state court made it impossible to prosecute 
Epstein federally for his crimes against them, they would have objected to this resolution and 
would have certainly attended the hearing.'25
110. On or before June 30, 2008, the Office prepared a draft victim notification to be sent 
to the victims—a letter that it intended to show to both Epstein and Jack Goldberger, as reflected 
by a place for the initials of both Epstein and Goldberger on the document. The notification was 
designed to inform the victims of the provisions of deferral of federal prosecution in favor of 
state charges. The notification letter began by describing Epstein's guilty plea in the past tense: 
"On June 30, 2008, Jeffrey Epstein ... entered a plea of guilty to violations of Florida statutes 
forbidding the solicitation of minors to engage in prostitution and felony solicitation of 
prostitution." Later, a substantively identical letter was prepared for Epstein's and Guy Lewis' 
review. 126
III. On June 30, 2008, the Office sent an e-mail to Goldberger reflecting continuing 
efforts to keep the NPA secret: "Jack: The FBI has received several calls regarding the Non-
Prosecution Agreement. I do not know whether the title of the document was disclosed when the 
Agreement was filed under seal, but the FBI and our office are declining comment if asked."127
112. On June 30, 2008, Epstein plead guilty to state law solicitation of prostitution charges. 
Because the Federal Government failed to notify the victims about the NPA or its arrangements 
with Epstein, neither Jane Doe I, Jane Doe 2, Jane Doe 5, nor any of the identified victims in the 
125 Exhibit 26; Exhibit 27; Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18.19, 22-23; Exhibit 99; Exhibit 101; Exhibit 102. 
126 US_Atty_Cor. 00323 (Exhibit 103); RFP WPB 000515.000520 (Exhibit 104). 
127 Exhibit 99. 
EFTA00591640
--- PAGE 37 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 37 of 57 
federal case were aware of the ramifications of the state proceeding (either in person or through 
counsel).128
113. Immediately following the June 30, 2008 hearing, the line prosecutor told one of the 
victims' attorneys that Epstein had "plead guilty today in state court."129
114. On June 30, 2008, based on what she had been told by the Government, Jane Doe I 
thought that the Office was still investigating and pursuing her case. She did not receive notice 
that Epstein's state guilty plea affected her rights in any way. If she had been told that the state 
plea had some connection to blocking the prosecution of her case, she would have attended and 
tried to object to the judge to prevent that plea from going forward.13' 
115. On June 30, 2008, based on what she and her attorneys had been told by the 
Government, Jane Doe 2 thought that the Government was still investigating her case. If she had 
been told that the state plea had some connection to blocking the prosecution of her case, she 
would have tried to confer with the prosecutors about it and tried to get charges filed. She 
wanted to be treated fairly in the process.13' 
116. From September 24, 2007, the date that the NPA was signed, through at least the state 
court plea on June 30, 2008—a period of more than nine months—the Office did not notify any 
of Epstein's victims about the existence of the NPA."2-
128 Exhibit 26; Exhibit 27; Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18-19, 22-23; Exhibit 64 at 6; 000001.000002 (Exhibit 105). 
129 RFP WPB 001861 (Exhibit 106). 
130 Exhibit 26; Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18.19, 22-23. 
In Exhibit 27; Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18.19, 22-23; Exhibit 105. 
132 Exhibit 62; Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18.19, 22-23, 28-29; Exhibit 64 at 4; US_Atty_Cor. 00267.00271 (Exhibit 107). 
EFTA00591641
--- PAGE 38 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 38 of 57 
117. On July I, 2008, the day following Epstein's plea, the line prosecutor emailed the 
Assistant State Attorney a copy of the NPA for "filing with the Court under seal" demonstrating 
that the agreement continued to be withheld from the victims.' 
118. On July 3, 2008, as specifically directed by the U.S. Attorney's Office, Mr. Edwards 
sent a letter to the Office communicating the wishes of Jane Doe I, Jane Doe 2, and Jane Doe 5 
that federal charges be filed against Epstein: "We urge the Attorney General and our United 
States Attorney to consider the fundamental import of the vigorous enforcement of our Federal 
laws. We urge you to move forward with the traditional indictments and criminal prosecution 
commensurate with the crimes Mr. Epstein has committed, and we further urge you to take the 
steps necessary to protect our children from this very dangerous sexual predator."' 
119. When Mr. Edwards wrote his July 3, 2008 letter, he was still unaware that a NPA had 
been reached with Epstein and that there was any federal resolution of the case—facts that the 
Office continued to conceal, at the request of Epstein, not only from Edwards but also as his 
clients and other victims.135
120. On July 7, 2008, the line prosecutor again conferred with Epstein's counsel seeking 
permission to begin distributing the notification letters to the victims, acknowledging her failure 
to include one victim who was still a minor in 2008.136
121. Mr. Edwards first saw a reference to the NPA on or after July 9, 2008, when the 
Government filed its responsive pleading to Jane Doe's emergency petition. That pleading was 
133 RFP WPB 001857 (Exhibit 108). 
134 Exhibit 105. 
135 Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18.19, 22-23, 28.29; Exhibit 99; RFP WPB 001855 (Exhibit 109); [DE 481 (Exhibit 110) at 
18-19. 
136 RFP WPB 001854 (Exhibit 111). 
EFTA00591642
--- PAGE 39 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 39 of 57 
the first public mention of the NPA and the first disclosure to Mr. Edwards—and thus to Jane 
Doe 1, Jane Doe 2, and Jane Doe 5—of the possible existence of a NPA.137
122. Mr. Edwards detrimentally relied on the misleading representations made by the 
Office that the case was still under investigation when he was writing his July 3, 2008 letter. He 
would not have wasted his time undertaking a pointless exercise had he known that the U.S. 
Attorney's Office had previously negotiated a NPA, and he would have informed his clients 
about the agreement.138
A MOTIVE TO CONCEAL THE NPA FROM THE VICTIMS 
123. The U.S. Attorney's Office—pushed by Epstein—wanted the NPA kept from public 
view because of the strong objection it would have faced from victims of Epstein's abuse, and 
because of the public criticism that would have resulted from allowing a politically-connected 
billionaire who had sexually abused more than 30 minor girls to escape from federal prosecution 
with only a county court jail sentence.139
124. When deciding whether to notify the victims before Epstein entered his guilty plea, 
the Office was aware that a state court judge would have to review the plea and determine 
whether it was in the public interest, and accordingly chose not to "highlight" certain potentially 
objectionable features.140
in  Exhibit 62; Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18.19, 22-23, 28-29; Exhibit 99; Exhibit 110 at 18-19. 
138 See Exhibit 28; Exhibit 102; Exhibit 105. 
139 Exhibit 26; Exhibit 27; Exhibit 62; Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18.19, 22-23; Exhibit 99; Exhibit 101; Exhibit 102; Exhibit 
(urging Government to try and keep agreement from becoming public); Exhibit 7 (explaining Government's 
desire not to "highlight" possible charges or defendants being immunized). 
EFTA00591643
--- PAGE 40 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 40 of 57 
125. Concealing the NPA from the victims prevented them from using their right to confer 
with the Government about why the NPA was not desirable or appearing at Epstein's plea and 
sentencing hearing to raise their concerns with the Court.14' 
THE VICTIMS' UNSUCCESSFUL ATTEMPTS TO ENFORCE THEIR RIGHTS 
126. On July 7, 2008, Jane Doe 1 filed an emergency petition for enforcement of her rights 
under the CVRA. At the time, Jane Doe 1 was not aware of the NPA, so she sought a court order 
directing the Government to confer with her before reaching any such agreement. Epstein 
quickly became aware of this petition.142
127. On July 8, 2008, the line prosecutor sent a letter to Epstein's counsel stating that 
victims would be informed about the civil compensation provision of the NPA the next day: 
In accordance with the terms of the Non-Prosecution Agreement, on June 30, 
2008, the United States Attorney's Office provided you with a list of thirty-one 
individuals "whom it was prepared to name in an Indictment as victims of an 
enumerated offense by Mr. Epstein." . . . In deference to your vacation, we 
allowed you a week to provide us with any objections or requested modifications 
of the list and/or the Notification language. Yesterday, I contacted you via 
telephone and e-mail, but received no response. Accordingly, the United States 
hereby notifies you that it will distribute the victim notifications tomorrow, July 9, 
2008, to each of the thirty-two identified victims, either directly or via their 
counsel.143
128. On July 9, 2008, Jack Goldberger sent a letter to the line prosecutor raising concerns 
about the notifications, and suggesting modifications to the notification letter. Epstein's counsel 
also objected to the victim notification letters containing certain information about the NPA.'" 
141 18 U.S.C. § 3771; Exhibit 26; see also Exhibit 62. 
142 [DE 11 (Exhibit 112) at 1.2. 
143 Exhibit 101. 
RFP WPB 000524-000525 (Exhibit 113). 
EFTA00591644
--- PAGE 41 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 41 of 57 
129. Later on July 9, 2008, the line prosecutor sent a response back to Goldberger, 
explaining how she intended to keep the victims from having access to the terms of the NPA: 
Without such an express Acknowledgment by Mr. Epstein that the notice contains 
the substance of that Agreement, I believe that the victims will have justification 
to petition for the entire agreement, which is contrary to the confidentiality clause 
that the parties have signed.14S
130. On July 9, 2008, the U.S. Attorney's Office sent victim notification letters to Jane 
Doe 1 and Jane Doe 5, via their attorney, Mr. Edwards, and to other identified victims of Epstein. 
That notification contained a written explanation of some of the civil compensation provisions of 
the NPA. The notification did not provide the full terms of the NPA. For example, the 
notification did not disclose the NPA or the immunity for "other potential co-conspirators" of 
Epstein.146
131. On July 10, 2008, Epstein's counsel continued to protest victim notification as 
evidenced by Goldberger's email to the line prosecutor stating, "we respectfully request a 
reasonable opportunity to review and comment on a draft of the modified notification letter you 
intend to mail before you send it."' 
132. On July 11, 2008, the Court held a hearing on Jane Doe 1 ' s petition and, with the 
stipulation of the Government, added Jane Doe 2 as a petitioner because she was a recognized 
crime "victim." The Court unsealed a declaration that the line prosecutor had filed in response to 
the petition, and because the declaration contained one paragraph of the NPA, that paragraph 
RFP WPB 000526-000527 (Exhibit 114). 
136 000777-000779 (Exhibit 115); 000774000776 (Exhibit 116). 
" 7 RFP WPB 000535.000537 (Exhibit 117). 
EFTA00591645
--- PAGE 42 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 42 of 57 
became unsealed. The line prosecutor sent an email to Goldberger informing him of the 
unsealing of that one paragraph.148
133. During the July 11, 2008 hearing, the Government conceded that the NPA had been 
concluded months before the victims were notified about it.149
134. Throughout July 2008, Epstein's attorneys and the Government continued to 
correspond about issues such as subpoenas related to his computers and returning of his 
propertypo 
135. On August 7, 2008, the line prosecutor emailed one of Epstein's defense attorneys, 
Roy Black, notice of the motion to disclose the NPA to the victims and assured him that the 
Government intended "to oppose the motion based upon the confidentiality provision."1S1
136. On August 10, 2008, Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 filed a motion seeking release of the 
NPA.' 52
137. Immediately after the motion was filed, the Office coordinated with another Epstein 
attorney about how to best object to the motion.153
138. On August 11, 2008, Roy Black wrote back to the line prosecutor, thanking the 
Government for "agreeing to oppose any disclosure of the 9/24/07 agreement."154
RFP WPB 001845 (Exhibit 118). 
149 See Exhibit 63 at 12 (". . . the agreement was consummated by the parties in December of 2007."); see also 
Exhibit 62. 
iso RFP WPB 000470-000471 (Exhibit 119); RFP WPB 000481.000489 (Exhibit 120); RFP WPB 000547 (Exhibit 
121). 
isl [DE 191 (Exhibit 122); RFP WPB 001825 (Exhibit 123). 
152 Exhibit 122. 
iss RFP WPB 001820-001838 (Exhibit 124). 
RFP WPB 001819 (Exhibit 125). 
EFTA00591646
--- PAGE 43 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 43 of 57 
139. Between August 11 and 14, 2008, the line prosecutor attempted to obtain a copy of 
the NPA that Epstein's counsel had filed in state court.155 After receiving a copy, on August 14, 
2008, the line prosecutor wrote to Lefkowitz: "I can no longer argue that the Court shouldn't 
force us to produce the agreement because we have already provided the victims with the 
relevant portion when I now understand from you that I have NOT provided them with the 
relevant portion."' 
140. Further communications ensued between the line prosecutor and Epstein's counsel 
about what exactly was contained in the NPA—specifically, whether a December modification 
to the agreement was part of the NPA. The notification to the victims about the civil restitution 
provisions had quoted from the December language.' 
141. On August 14, 2008, the line prosecutor emailed Epstein's counsel stating that the 
court has "ordered us to make the Agreement available to the plaintiffs."'" 
142. On August 15, 2008, the line prosecutor sent a letter to Epstein's counsel confirming 
that recent correspondence was intended "solely to determine what Mr. Epstein considered to be 
the terms of the Non-Prosecution Agreement" so that the Government would know exactly what 
needed to be produced to the victims in this CVRA case.159
143. On August 18, 2008, Leflcowitz wrote the line prosecutor that Epstein objected to 
disclosure of the terms of the NPA, but that Epstein would "cooperate with the government to 
reach an agreement as to substance of the notification to be sent to the government's list of 
155 RFP WPB 001809-001818 (Exhibit 126). 
156 RFP WPB 001804 (Exhibit 127). 
157 RFP WPB 001805.001808 (Exhibit 128). 
155 RFP WPB 001798 (Exhibit 129). 
159 Exhibit 68; RFP WPB 000575.000576 (Exhibit 130). 
EFTA00591647
--- PAGE 44 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 44 of 57 
individuals. Based on the Agreement, the information contained in the notification should be 
limited to (1) the language provided in the Agreement dealing with civil restitution (paragraphs 
7-10) and (2) the contact information of the selected attorney representative. We object to the 
inclusion of additional information about the investigation of Mr. Epstein, the terms of the 
Agreement other than paragraphs 7-10 and the identity of other identified individuals." 160
144. On August 21, 2008, the Government sent a letter to Epstein's counsel stating that, 
"[c]opies of the victim notifications will continue to be provided to counsel for Mr. Epstein." 
The letter further requested substantive objections to the draft notification letters, which were 
being re-sent "[b]ecause I previously provided the victims with incorrect information—albeit 
with the approval of Mr. Epstein's counsel—it is imperative that I correct the error promptly."161 
145. On August 26, 2008, the Government sent another letter to Epstein's counsel stating, 
"Mr. Goldberger and Mr. Tein explicitly approved the language in my earlier victim notification 
letter, even though they apparently were taking the position that the December 19, 2007 letter 
was not part of the Agreement, so that misinformation was provided to the victims with the 
approval of Mr. Epstein's attorneys.9,162 
146. Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 were not informed of the contents of the NPA until 
August 28, 2008, when the line prosecutor provided a copy to Mr. Edwards.163
147. On September 2, 2008, nearly a year after the NPA was signed, the line prosecutor 
sent an email to Epstein's counsel stating, "I will start sending out the victim notifications today. 
16° RFP WPB 000581.000583 (Exhibit 131). 
161 RFP WPB 000587.000588 (Exhibit 132). 
162 RFP WPB 000603-000604 (Exhibit 133) (emphasis in original). 
163 RFP WPB 001776 (Exhibit 134). 
EFTA00591648
--- PAGE 45 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 45 of 57 
In accordance with your request, I have changed the language regarding the victims' right to 
receive a copy of the Agreement."16'' 
148. On September 2 and 3, 2008, the U.S. Attorney's Office sent to Jane Doe I and other 
identified victims amended notification letters correcting the earlier inaccurate information about 
the civil compensation provisions contained in the earlier notifications.' 
149. The victim notification letters that the victims received were confusing. They did not 
directly state that Epstein's crimes against them were not going to be prosecuted, but instead said 
that "the United States has agreed to defer federal prosecution in favor of this state prosecution." 
The letter did not inform the victims of how this applied to them.'66
150. The victim notification letters also state that there was "litigation between the United 
States and two other victims regarding the disclosure of the entire agreement between the United 
States and Mr. Epstein." The letters did not explain that the remedy being sought in the litigation 
was not just to get "disclosure" of the agreement, but instead to uphold the rights of Epstein's 
151. On September 16, 2008, the Palm Beach Daily News wrote the State Attorney's 
Office that it had "recently discovered" the NPA and wanted to know what was in it. The State 
Attorney's Office wrote the line prosecutor inquiring how to respond.' 
152. On September 16, 2008, attorney Jeffrey Herman, who represented several Epstein 
victims, wrote to the line prosecutor to strenuously object to the restitution procedures 
164 RFP WPB 001775 (Exhibit 135). 
165 September 3, 2008 Victim Notification Letter to Jane Doe 1 (Exhibit 136); Exhibit 2; Exhibit 94 at 2-3. 
166 Id.; Exhibit 26; Exhibit 27. 
167 Id. 
In  002343-002344 (Exhibit 137). 
EFTA00591649
--- PAGE 46 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 46 of 57 
established in the NPA after learning that another attorney established through the NPA would 
be making unsolicited contacts to the victims. Mr. Herman explained that the notification letters 
were "misleading" because they referred generally to a waiver of "any other claim for damages" 
without informing them that this waiver might include a valuable punitive damages claim against 
an alleged billionaire.' 
153. On September 17, 2008, the line prosecutor sent an email to State Attorney Barry 
Krischer, explaining that the NPA "contain[ed] a confidentiality provision that require[ed] us to 
inform Mr. Epstein's counsel before making any disclosure."170
154. On September 18, 2008, attorney Katherine Ezell representing some of Epstein's 
victims emailed the line prosecutor, asking whether the NPA was "blessed" by Judge Marra. 
The line prosecutor emailed back: "As far as I know, Judge Marra has not ever seen the 
agreement or these notification letters.... I don't know if the sentencing judge ever reviewed it. 
The letters were reviewed by my office and Jay Lefkowitz and Roy Black before they went 
out.""' 
155. In 2010, Jane Doe 1 met with the new U.S. Attorney, Wilfredo Ferrer. She explained 
to him how the NPA had been concealed from her. Nothing ever came of the meeting, and Mr. 
Ferrer has continued to fight efforts by Jane Doe I and other victims to have the court declare 
that their rights were violated while the NPA was drafted and implemented." 
169 Id. 
170 RFP WPB 001773 (Exhibit 138). 
171 RFP WPB 001763 (Exhibit 139). 
172 Exhibit 26; Tr. Nov. 23, 2015 (Exhibit 140) at 3.5 (U.S. Attorney's Office argues that the victims are "complicit" 
in their own sexual abuse and therefore cannot receive any remedy under the CVRA). 
EFTA00591650
--- PAGE 47 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 47 of 57 
156. At all times material to this statement of facts, it would have been practical and 
feasible for the federal government to inform Jane Doe 1, Jane Doe 2, Ms. =, 
Jane Doe 5, 
and all other similarly-situated victims of the details of the proposed NPA with Epstein, 
including in particular the fact that the agreement barred any federal criminal prosecution of 
crimes that Epstein committed against them.173
157. At no time while it negotiated and executed the NPA did the Government notify the 
victims that Epstein's guilty plea would prevent his prosecutions for crimes against them. Nor 
did the Government ever allow the identified victims to "confer with the prosecutor on the case," 
U.S.C. § 3771(a)(5), or "treat them with fairness, respect and dignity" by making them aware 
of the NPA, § 3771(a)(8). In fact, to the contrary, the Government went to great lengths to 
conceal the fact that there was a federal resolution at all and mislead the victims into believing 
that the federal case was proceeding so that the NPA could be secretly put in place before the 
victims knew what was going on.17A
MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT AND 
INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
In light of the foregoing undisputed material facts, summary judgment for the victims on 
the issue of whether their CVRA rights were violated is appropriate. The Court is well aware of 
the applicable summary judgment standard, which requires that there be no disputed issues that 
are genuine or material for the moving party to be entitled to judgment as a matter of law. See, 
e.g., Joseph v. Napolitano, 839 F. Supp. 2d 1324, 1333 (S.D. Fla. 2012). The undisputed facts 
"3 See Exhibit 88. 
174 Exhibit 26; Exhibit 27; Exhibit 62; Exhibit 63 at 4-6, 18-19, 22-23; Exhibit 99; Exhibit 101; Exhibit 102; Exhibit 
57; Exhibit 7. 
EFTA00591651
--- PAGE 48 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 48 of 57 
here plainly establish that the Government—with the knowledge of, and at the urging of 
Epstein—violated the CVRA rights of Jane Doe 1, Jane Doe 2, and other similarly-situated 
victims, by deliberately concealing from them the NPA barring the prosecution of Jeffrey 
Epstein and his co-conspirators for the federal offenses they committed against them. 
In 
particular, the Government violated the victims' right to confer with prosecutors, right to 
accurate notice of court hearings, and right to be treated with fairness. 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(5), 
(2), & (8). 
A. 
The Government Violated the Victims' Right to Confer. 
There can be no real debate that the Government violated the victims' right to confer. 
Indeed, it is worth recalling that in earlier proceedings, the victims filed a similar (although less 
detailed) motion for summary judgment. DE 48. The Government responded not by claiming 
that it had in fact conferred with the victims, but rather by advancing the legal argument that the 
CVRA does not extend any rights to victims before the filing of an indictment. DE 62. This 
argument was flatly contradicted by the Government's own earlier decision to provide 
notification to victims after the NPA was signed — and even during the investigation treating 
them as victims. See, e.g., II 10-16, 34-35, 69-73, 91-94, 98, 125, supra. In any event, this 
Court has now firmly rejected the Government's contrived legal position. DE 99 (the court has 
determined "that as a matter of law the CVRA can apply before formal charges are filed").175
14i Not only has this Court rejected the Government's position, but Congress and the President have specifically 
decided to end any debate and to codify this Court's ruling into federal law. See 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(9) (victims 
have the "right to be informed in a timely manner of any plea bargain or deferred prosecution agreement") (added as 
part of Pub. L. 114-22, Title I, § 113(a), (c)(1) (May 29, 2015)). This codification builds on the fact that Senator 
Kyl, the Senate co-sponsor of the CVRA, took to the Senate floor to directly express his approval of this Court's 
ruling. 157 Cong. Rec. S7060.01 (statement of Senator Kyl) (Nov. 2, 2011) (applauding this Court's decision and 
EFTA00591652
--- PAGE 49 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 49 of 57 
The Government's inability to demonstrate that it afforded victims their right to confer is 
unsurprising. Under the CVRA, identified crime victims are granted "the reasonable right to 
confer with the attorney for the Government in the case." 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(5). In some 
cases, there might be a debate about how much conferring is "reasonable" for the prosecutor to 
undertake. But here, no such debate is possible for the simple reason that the Government 
simply concealed that it was planning to enter into an agreement blocking the federal prosecution 
of Epstein from more than 30 of Epstein's identified victims. See, e.g.,1117, 32-33, 38, 41, 44-
46, 66, 71-72, 87-88, 95, 102, 113, 123, supra. 
Whatever other rights the CVRA extends to crime victims, it surely extends the simple 
right to know when the Government is entering into a deal with a sex offender blocking his 
prosecution for crimes committed against them. See, e.g.,1 155, supra. Here, the Government 
violated the victims right to confer during at least three separate time periods: (1) on and before 
September 24, 2007, when the Government was negotiating and signing the NPA; (2) in and 
around January 2008, when it sent letters telling the victims not about the previously signed 
NPA, but rather counseling "patience" while the Government finished its "investigation;" and (3) 
in and around June 30, 2008, when the Government didn't tell the victims that the state plea 
would effectively extinguish their rights to ever see Epstein prosecuted. See If 17, 32-33, 38, 
41,44-46, 66, 71-72, 87-88, 95, 102, 113, 123, supra. 
noting its "carefulil review" of the issues). 
EFTA00591653
--- PAGE 50 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 50 of 57 
Simply put, the NPA barred prosecution of the federal sexual offenses that Epstein had 
committed against Jane Doe 1, Jane Doe 2, and other similarly-situated victims. Under the 
CVRA, the victims were entitled to confer about this disposition and attempt to persuade 
prosecutors to reach a different result. Recognizing a right to confer about such dispositions is 
"not an infringement ... on the government's independent prosecutorial discretion; instead, it is 
only a requirement that the government confer in some reasonable way with the victims before 
ultimately exercising its broad discretion." In re Dean, 527 F.3d 391, 395 (5' Cir. 2008) 
(internal citations omitted) (emphasis added). 
The victims fully understand that if they had conferred with the Government, the 
prosecutors could possibly have ultimately reached the same kind of agreement. But there is 
good reason to believe that if the prosecutors had exposed their dealings to scrutiny by Jane Doe 
I, Jane Doe 2, and the other victims, they would not have reached such a sweetheart plea deal. 
See fi 121-23, supra. For example, despite the fact that this case has been in litigation for more 
than seven years spanning several hundred pleadings, the Government does not write even a 
single sentence explaining why it entered into an NPA with a sex offender who had committed 
hundreds of federal sex offenses against young girls. Perhaps there is some reason for this 
extraordinary leniency. But if so, the Government has yet to offer it. In any event, regardless of 
the ultimate consequences of conferring, Congress promised to all crime victims—including Jane 
Doe 1, Jane Doe 2, and other similarly-situated victims—that they would be able to confer with 
prosecutors before a disposition was reached in their case. 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(5). The victims 
never received that congressionally-mandated opportunity. 
EFTA00591654
--- PAGE 51 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 51 of 57 
In sum, the Government repeatedly violated the victims' CVRA right to confer — and 
did so at the specific request of Jeffrey Epstein. Summary judgment is thus appropriate on this 
basis. 
B. 
The Government Violated the Victims' Right to Be Treated With Fairness. 
The Government also violated the victims' "right to be treated with fairness and with 
respect for the victim's dignity and privacy." 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(8). Entirely apart from 
whether the victims had any right to confer with prosecutors, at a bare minimum they had a right 
to be treated fairly and not be deceived by the Government. Yet here the Government repeatedly 
and deliberately misled the victims about what was happening in their case, concealing from 
them the NPA's negotiation and all of the terms it ultimately contained. As with the violation of 
the right to confer, these violations occurred at multiple points in the process, including the time 
before the NPA was signed, after the NPA was signed, and when Epstein was entering his State 
court guilty plea. 
A clear-cut example of the Government's violating the victims right to be treated fairly is 
its remarkable decision in 2008, well after the NPA had been signed, to send the victims (and, in 
some cases, their attorneys) deceptive information that the case "is currently under investigation" 
and that "[t]his can be a lengthy process and we request your continued patience while we 
conduct a thorough investigation." See 11 91-103, supra. When the Government finally did 
inform the victims about what had happened, the notifications were not only incomplete and 
inaccurate, but they also arrived too late for the victims to do anything about the deal. 
Specifically, it was too late to confer with the prosecutor or attend the sentencing hearing. Seen 
124-48, supra. Most important, the notifications did not inform the victims that a NPA had been 
EFTA00591655
--- PAGE 52 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 52 of 57 
signed with Epstein, preventing federal prosecution in the Southern District of Florida (and thus, 
as a practical matter, any prosecution for most of the victims) for the crimes he and his co-
conspirators had committed against them. The notification letters also described this litigation as 
"the disclosure" of the NPA, rather than its true purpose of vindicating the victims' rights and 
securing for the victims a right to confer about prosecuting Epstein free from the backdrop of the 
NPA. Seen 145-48, supra. 
The foregoing facts provide numerous other examples of the victims not being treated 
fairly. These examples include, but are not limited to: 
• 
Secretly discussing with Epstein's defense counsel contrived charges to avoid making 
victim notifications al 17-22, supra); 
• 
Secretly discussing with Epstein's defense counsel arranging a guilty plea in a 
jurisdiction located some distance from the victims to make it hard for them to find out 
what was happening ('1 23, supra); 
• 
Secretly reaching a resolution of the case that would make it hard for a judge to see what 
was going on (1 25, supra); 
• 
Not telling the victims the NPA was under consideration (11 41-47, supra); 
• 
Deviating from standard policy by negotiating with defense counsel about the extent and 
substance of crime victim notifications (91 49, supra); 
• 
Negotiating with defense counsel about concealing the agreement (1148-58, supra); 
• 
Working to have agents attend Epstein's sentencing hearing "incognito" without telling 
the victims what was happening (I 58, supra); 
• 
Making a commitment to Epstein not to contact victims about the NPA (1 62, supra); 
• 
Entering into a NPA with a confidentiality provision that precluded compliance with 
CVRA victim notification obligations (11 65-69, supra); 
EFTA00591656
--- PAGE 53 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 53 of 57 
• 
Sending FBI agents to meet with three victims, while precluding the agents from being 
able to discuss the NPA (11 69-73, supra); 
• 
Agreeing with defense counsel to stop victim notifications required under the CVRA (11 
76-77, supra); 
• 
Agreeing to notify victims only after Epstein had entered his plea (1180-81); 
• 
Sending deceptive letters about the case still being "under investigation" (if 91-94, 98); 
• 
Concealing the NPA from attorneys for the victims (11 100-02, 116-17); 
• 
Failing to provide reasonable notice of Epstein's sentencing hearing to the victims ell 
105-10); and 
• 
Agreeing with Epstein to oppose the release of the NPA to the victims after his plea ell 
134-36). 
The Government took all of these actions, it should be noted, with the knowledge of — and, 
indeed, at the insistence of - Epstein, the criminal who had sexually abused the victims. Seel 1, 
supra. 
The overarching point on many of these actions is that victims of crime are not treated 
fairly if prosecutors are deceiving them about what is going on with regard to prosecuting their 
abusers. Whatever else "fairness" might mean, it has to at least mean that the Government keep 
the victims properly informed and otherwise try to insure that their interests are respected in the 
criminal justice process. See 150 CoNG. REC. 7303 (Apr. 22, 2004) (statement of Sen. Kyl 
describing right to fairness in broad terms). The foregoing facts amply demonstrate numerous 
situations wherein the Government deliberately kept the victims in the dark about what was 
happening. Accordingly, the Government violated their right to fairness too and summary 
judgment is warranted on this independent basis as well. 
EFTA00591657
--- PAGE 54 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 54 of 57 
C. 
The Government Violated the Victims' Right to Reasonable and Accurate 
Notice. 
The Government also violated the victims' right to reasonable, accurate and timely 
notice of any public court proceedings...involving the crime." 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(2) (emphasis 
added). The Government may claim that it complied with this right by giving the victims notice 
of the state court proceeding in which Epstein pled guilty to sex offenses involving other girls 
less than one business day before the hearing.16 But the Government violated the victims' right 
to "reasonable" and "accurate" notice about this hearing. The Government concealed from Jane 
Doe 1, Jane Doe 2, and all the other victims, that the NPA and the federal investigation were 
implicated in this hearing—and thus their right to see Epstein prosecuted was about to be 
permanently extinguished. As a result of this concealment, they missed their only chance to 
speak to the Court about the crimes committed against them and to see with their own eyes 
Epstein being sent to jail. Indeed, even afterwards, the Government continued to hide what was 
happening with regard to the NPA. Seen 124-148, supra. 
Importantly, one of the motives for this concealment was to avoid scrutiny by the 
victims—and the public—of what the Government was doing. See 
121-23, supra. Jane Doe 
1, Jane Doe 2, and other similarly-situated victims of serious federal sex offenses did not attend 
Epstein's plea hearing and sentencing for the obvious reason that they thought it had nothing to 
do with them—which is precisely what the Government and Epstein were trying to accomplish 
146 The Government also seems to argue that the CVRA did not apply to this hearing because it was held in state 
court. But the hearing was one "involving the crime" committed against the victims, 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(2), 
because the NPA was directly involved in the proceedings in state court. Because of the way the Government and 
Epstein had constructed the NPA, the state plea triggered the applicability of the federal NPA — and thus the CVRA. 
EFTA00591658
--- PAGE 55 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 55 of 57 
together. Whatever else might be said about one of the most extraordinarily lenient plea 
arrangements in American history, the Government simply failed to discharge its duty to 
Epstein's victims to provide "reasonable" and "accurate" notice about court hearings connected 
with their abuse. Summary judgment should therefore also be granted on this basis. 
CONCLUSION 
Under the Crime Victims' Rights Act, once the Government had identified the victims of 
Epstein's sexual offenses, it had statutory obligations to them that it was legally required to 
respect. Despite those responsibilities to the victims, the Government chose instead to side with 
the man who had victimized them. Rather than properly inform the victims what was happening, 
the Government engaged in months of undisclosed plea negotiations with Epstein. Once the 
negotiations had produced a plea arrangement that was sufficiently lenient to be acceptable to 
Epstein, rather than tell the victims what had been agreed, the Government conspired with 
Epstein to conceal that agreement. The undisputed facts clearly show that, for months, the 
Government deceived the victims about the existence of this arrangement—deception that was 
necessary to permit the agreement to be consummated before the victims could object. 
Perhaps before Congress enacted the CVRA, such outrageous behavior could escape a 
judicial response. But Congress has now spoken. The Government has an obligation to confer 
with crime victims, to treat them fairly, and to provide them reasonable and accurate notice of 
judicial proceedings relevant to their victimization. To the contrary, the undisputed facts in this 
case show that the Government did not make any effort to extend to any of Epstein's dozens of 
victims any of the rights which Congress promised them. This Court is accordingly now 
EFTA00591659
--- PAGE 56 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 56 of 57 
obligated to take all necessary steps to "ensure" that the victims' rights are protected. 18 U.S.C. 
3771(b). 
This is not a close case. This is a summary judgment case. For all the foregoing reasons, 
the Court should find the Government violated the rights of Jane Doe 1, Jane Doe 2, and other 
similarly situated victims under the Crime Victims' Rights Act. If the Court grants their motion, 
the victims would then ask the Court to set an appropriate schedule for briefing and a hearing on 
the issue of the remedy for the violations of their rights. 
DATED: February 10, 2016 
Respectfully Submitted, 
AI sae, p. Samna 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale Florida 33301 
Telephone 
Facsimile 
E-mail: 
And 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah' 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake Cit 
4112 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
'This daytime business address is provided for identification and correspondence purposes only and is not 
intended to imply institutional endorsement by the University of Utah. 
EFTA00591660
--- PAGE 57 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 361 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 57 of 57 
E-Mail:cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Attorneys for Jane Does I and 2 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document was served on February 10, 2016, on the following 
using the Court's CM/ECF system: 
Dexter Lee 
A. Marie Villafafia 
500 S. Australian Ave., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Attorneys for the Government 
Roy Eric Black 
Jacqueline Perczek 
Black Srebnick Kornspan & Stumpf 
201 S Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 1300 
Miami. FL 33131 
Email: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
/s/ Ettaceley 
Edwavaid 
EFTA00591661

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591662.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 362 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:08.80736-Civ-Marra/Johnson 
JANE DOE #1 and JANE DOE #2 
v. 
UNITED STATES 
NOTICE OF FILING EXHIBITS 
Plaintiffs, JANE DOE #1 and JANE DOE #2, by though undersigned counsel hereby file 
the attached additional exhibits to their Consolidated Statement of Undisputed Material Facts and 
Motion for Partial Summary Judgment with Incorporated Memorandum of Law filed on February 
10, 2016 as DE 361. 
DATED: February 10. 2016 
Respectfully Submitted, 
/s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
E-mail: brad ®pathtojustice.com 
And 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah' 
332 S. 1400 E. 
'This daytime business address is provided for identification and correspondence purposes 
only and is not intended to imply institutional endorsement by the University of Utah 
I 
EFTA00591662
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 362 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/10/2016 Page 2 of 2 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telepho 
Facsimil 
E-Mail:cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Attorneys for Jane Does No. 1, 2, 3 and 4 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document was served on February 10, 2016, on the following using 
the Court's CM/ECF system: 
Dexter Lee 
A. Marie Villafafia 
500 S. Australian Ave., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
sdoj.gov
E-mail: Ann.Marie.C.Villafana@usdoj.gov 
Attorneys for the Government 
Roy Eric Black 
Jacqueline Perczek 
Black Srebnick Kornspan & Stumpf 
201 S Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 1300 
Miami, FL 33131 
Email: pleading@royblack.com 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
/s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00591663

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591664.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591664.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. TRUST e 
Bonk at Amenca Errata Mtralth Management 
P.O. Box 15284 
Wilmington. DE 19350 
APO 1 GRAT 
JOHN ) HANNAN, BARRY J COHEN, 
RICHARD J RESSLER, TRUSTEES 
C/0 ELYSIUM MANAGEMENT 
44S PARK AVENUE SUITE 1401 
NEW YORK NY 10019 
Your Premium Adv Tiered Interest Chkg 
for August 1, 2014 to August 31, 2014 
APO 1 GRAT 
JOHN J HANNAN, BARRY J COHEN, 
Account summary 
Beginning balance on August 1, 2014 
Deposits and other additions 
ATM and debit card subtractions 
Other subtractions 
Checks 
Service fees 
Ending balance on August 31, 2014 
Client service information 
1.800.U.S.TRU 
TDD/TTY users 
En Espanol: 1 
1 bankofamerica.com 
Bank of America, N.A. 
P.O. Box 25118 
RECONCILED 
Account number 
RICHARD J RESSLER, TRUSTEES 
589,522.37 
1.52 
-0.00 
-0.00 
-0.00 
Annual Percentage Yield Earned this statement period: 0.0200 
Interest Paid Year To Date: $7,676.89. 
-0.00 
589,523.89 
PULL E CYCLE: 24 SAM 0 CELERY: P TYPE 
IMAGE A DC: NY 
Page 1 of 4 
EFTA00591664
--- PAGE 2 ---
APO 1 GRAT I Account 
August 1, 2014 to August 31, 2014 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION: 
BANK DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS 
Change of address - Please call us at the telephone number listed on the front of this statement to tell us about a change of 
address. 
Deposit agreement - When you opened your account, you received a deposit agreement and fee schedule and agreed that your 
account would be governed by the terms of these documents, as we may amend them from time to time. These documents are 
part of the contract for your deposit account and govem all transactions relating to your account, including all deposits and 
withdrawals. Copies of both the deposit agreement and fee schedule which contain the current version of the terms and 
conditions of your account relationship may be obtained at our banking centers. 
Electronic transfers: In case of errors or questions about your electronic transfers- If you think your statement or receipt is 
wrong or you need more information about an electronic transfer (e.g., ATM transactions, direct deposits or withdrawals, 
point-of-sale transactions) on the statement or receipt, telephone or write us at the address and number listed on the front of 
this statement as soon as you can. We must hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent you the FIRST statement on 
which the error or problem appeared. 
- 
Tell us your name and account number. 
- 
Describe the error or transfer you are unsure about, and explain as clearly as you can why you believe there is an error or 
why you need more information. 
- 
Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error. 
For consumer accounts used primarily for personal, family or household purposes, we will investigate your complaint and will 
correct any error promptly. If we take more than 10 business days (10 calendar days if you are a Massachusetts client) (20 
business days if you are a new client, for electronic transfers occurring during the first 30 days after the first deposit is made to 
your account) to do this, we will credit your account for the amount you think is in error, so that you will have use of the money 
during the time it will take to complete our investigation. 
For other accounts, we investigate, and if we find we have made an error, we credit your account at the conclusion of our 
investigation. 
Reporting other problems - You must examine your statement carefully and promptly. You are in the best position to discover 
errors and unauthorized transactions on your account. If you fail to notify us in writing of suspected problems or an 
unauthorized transaction within the time period specified in the deposit agreement (which periods are no more than 60 days 
after we make the statement available to you and in some cases are 30 days or less), we are not liable to you for, and you agree 
to not make a claim against us for the problems or unauthorized transactions. 
Direct deposits - If you have arranged to have direct deposits made to your account at least once every 60 days from the same 
person or company, you may call us at the telephone number listed on the front of this statement to find out If the deposit was 
made as scheduled. You may also review your activity online or visit a banking center for information. 
Banking products are provided by Bank of America, NA, and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of 
Bank of America Corporation. 
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through Bank of America, NA. and other subsidiaries of Bank 
of America Corporation. 
2013 Bank of America Corporation 
Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC and 12r 
Equal Housing Lender 
Page 2 of 4 
EFTA00591665
--- PAGE 3 ---
U.S. TRUST e 
Bonk a AmbICA Prhett Wealth Man 
APO 1 GRAT I Accoun 
I August 1, 2014 to August 31, 2014 
Your checking account 
Important disclosure information listed on the 'Important Information for Bank Deposit Accounts' page 
Deposits and other additions 
Date 
Description 
Amount 
08/29/14 
Interest Earned 
1.52 
Total deposits and other additions 
$1.52 
it 
To help you BALANCE YOUR CHECKING ACCOUNT, visit bankofamerica.com/statementbalance or the Statements and Documents tab 
in Online Banking for a printable version of the How to Balance Your Account Worksheet 
Page 3 of 4 
EFTA00591666
--- PAGE 4 ---
APO 1 GRAT I Account # 
August 1, 2014 to August 31, 2014 
This page intentionally left blank 
Page 4 of 4 
EFTA00591667

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591668.pdf
----------------------------------------
Guiestream 
MYCMP 
Phone:IM 
or 
FAX: ■ 
Aircra Make 
Gulfstream 
Aircraft Model 
G550 
Aircraft Serial No. 5017 
Airworthiness Date 14 Aug 2003 
Regulation 
91.40913 
Maintenance Due List 
Sort By ATA Code 
Include only mandatory service Information not yet accomplished 
Log Date — 24 Jan 2016 
Analyst: Ralph Moose 
Phone: 
Projected Through • 
3346.6 Hours TT 
1640 Landings 
Feb 2017 Date 
2262.5 APU Hours 
300 APU Cycles 
COMPONENT TIMES 
N62MS 
Current TT 
2846.6 
Current 
1390 
Current Hr Mtr 2428.8 
Position 
Logbook 
Description 
Serial Number 
Total Time 
Total Cycles 
TSO 
CSO 
Engine 
Rolls Royce BR700-710C4-11 
15137 
2846.6 
1390 
(G550) 
Engine 
Rolls Royce BR700-710C4-11 
15136 
2846.6 
1390 
(G550) 
APU 
Honeywell RE220 (G550) 
P-327 
1862.5 
Code 
Description 
Required 
Frequency Last CiW Next Due 
(*=Adj) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD 
TSNMO 
Logbook 
Position 
TAG 
MOD 
H/W 
SiW 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
Pr. Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
1A CH 
200074 
Airframe 
2A CHECK 
200075 
Airframe 
1C CHECK 
200084 
Airframe 
Operation (R) 
Operation (R) 
Operation (R) 
500 Hrs 
MOS 
2828.7 
3328.7Hrs 
1379 
Jun 
Jun 
2015 
2016' 
1000 Hrs 
1974.4 
2974.4Hrs 
946 
Apr 
2011 
MOS 
2828.7 
1379 
Jun 
Jun 
2015 
20W 
482.1 Hrs 
Mos 
127.8 Hrs 
Mos 
N62MS 
G550 
5017 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 1 of 14 
Feb 2016 
@2016 Gulfskeam Aerospace Corporation. MI Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00591668
--- PAGE 2 ---
Code 
Description 
Required 
Frequency Last CM Next Due 
('a.Adj) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD 
TSNMO 
Logbook 
Position 
TAG 
MOD 
tVW 
S.M 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
P= Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
200085 
Airframe 
2C CHECK 
Operation (R) 
MOS 
2676.5 
1312 
Jun 
2014 
Jun 
2016 
Mos 
3C CHECK 
2545.0 
200086 
1248 
MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2013 
2016 
Operation (R) 
4C CHECK 
2381.4 
200087 
1159 
MOS 
Jul 2012 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2016' 
Operation (R) 
6C CHECK 
1761.4 
200089 
847 
MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2010 
2016 
Operation (R) 
240113 
Airframe 
Fwd Emergency Battery Pack - Discard 
102.110301 
101011.3 
Yes 
G550 AMM 
Replacement (X) 
MOS 
2381.4 
1159 
Jul 2012 31 Jul 2016 
Mos 
$1.842.67 
4.0 
Standby Electrical Power System Operational Test 
2676.5 
242O05 
1312 
1.0 
MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2014 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Functionat(Ops Test (O) 
L Main Battery Capacity Check 
2773.4 
243011 
1159SCAV519.l 
114388 
1356 
4.0 
MOS 
Mar 
Feb 
Days 
Airframe 
2015 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
R Main Battery Capacity Check 
2773.4 
243012 
1356 
4.0 
MOS 
Mar 
Feb 
Days 
Airframe 
2015 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Crew Seats Inertia Reel (Pilot) - Operational Test 
2676.5 
251006 
1312 
1.0 
MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2014 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Functionat(Ops Test (O) 
N62MS 
G550 
5017 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 2 of 14 
Feb 2016 
© 2016 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00591669
--- PAGE 3 ---
Code 
Description 
Required 
Frequency Last CM Next Due 
('a.Adj) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD 
TSNMO 
Logbook 
Position 
TAG 
MOD 
tVW 
S.M 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
P= Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
256043 
First Aid Kit (No. 1) - Detailed Inspection 
2828.7 
1379 
1.0 
MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2015 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
First Aid Kit (No. I) Time Limits Supplies - Discard 
2828.7 
256045 
AFAK 
0120040418 
1379 
$1.019.70 
1.0 
No 
MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2015 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Replacement (X) 
Life Vest(s) - Detailed Inspection 
2773.4 
256201 
1356 
2.0 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
Days 
Airframe 
2015 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Life Raft(s) (No. 1) - Detailed Inspection 
2845.9 
256202 
1389 
1.0 
MOS 
Jan 
Jan 
II Mos 
Airframe 
2016 
2017. 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Life Raft(s) (No. 2) Detailed Inspection 
2845.9 
256203 
1389 
1.0 
MOS 
Jan 
Jan 
II Mos 
Airframe 
2016 
2017* 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Bator lectrode a sDiscard (Set o. 1 
2628.2 
256406 
FR2 
LO130913.1804 
0.0 
1283 
$0.00 
0.5 
Yes 
Dec 
Mar 
Days 
Airframe 
2013 
2016 
Replacement (X) 
Expiration 
Defibrillator Electrode Pads - Discard (Set No. 2) 
2628.2 
256415 
DP2 
LO130913.1804 
0.0 
1283 
$80.34 
0.5 
Yes 
Dec 
Mar 
Days 
Airframe 
2013 
2016 
Replacement (X) 
Expiration 
Engine Fire Bottle Cartridge (Left Bottle. APU / Spare Squib, Service Life) - Discard 
2061.5 
262118 
30903852 
1608FJ 
988 
$882.96 
2.0 
Yes 
120 MOS 
042 Aug 
Feb 
Days
Airframe 
2011 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Replacement (X) 
Trash Receptacle Fire Extinguisher Nozzles (Aft Lavatory) - Detailed Inspection 
2828.7 
262583 
1379 
0.0 
MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2015 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
N62MS 
G550 
5017 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 3 of 14 
Feb 2016 
CO 2016 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00591670
--- PAGE 4 ---
Code 
Description 
Required 
Frequency Last CM Next Due 
('a.Adj) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD 
TSNMO 
Logbook 
Position 
TAG 
MOD 
RN 
SNV 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
P= Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
262584 
Trash Receptacle Fire Extinguisher Nozzles (Forward Lavatory) Details Inspection 
2828.7 
1379 
0.0 
MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2015 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Trash Receptacle Fire Extinguisher Nozzles (Aft Galley / Annex) - Detailed Inspection 
2828.7 
262585 
1379 
0.0 
MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2015 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Main Fuel Boost Pump (Left) - Fuel Leak Check 
500 Hrs 
2828.7 
3328.7Hrs 
482.1 His 
282651 
1379 
Jun 
Airframe 
2015 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Main Fuel Boost Pump (Right) - Fuel Leak Check 
500 Hrs 
2828.7 
3328.7Hrs 
482.1 Hrs 
282652 
1379 
Jun 
Airframe 
2015 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Alternate Fuel Boost Pump (Left) - Fuel Leak Check 
500 Hrs 
2828.7 
3328.7Hrs 
482.1 Hrs 
282653 
1379 
Jun 
Airframe 
2015 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Alternate Fuel Boost Pump (Right) - Fuel Leak Check 
500 Hrs 
2828.7 
3328.7Hrs 
482.1 Hrs 
282654 
Airframe 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
1379 
Jun 
2015 
313002 
Airframe 
DFDR Functional Test 
G550 AMM 
Functional!Ops Test (F) 
MOS 
2689.1 
1320 
Jul 2014 
Jul 
2016' 
Mos 
4.0 
321003 
Airframe 
Main Landing Gear Components (Left) - Detailed Corrosion Inspection 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
MOS 
2381.4 
1159 
Jul 2012 31 Jul 2016 
Mos 
25.0 
321004 
Airframe 
Main Landing Gear Components (Right) Detailed Corrosion Inspection 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
MOS 
2381.4 
1159 
Jul 2012 31 Jul 2016 
Mos 
25.0 
N62MS 
G550 
5017 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 4 of 14 
Feb 2016 
O2016 Gulfsfream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00591671
--- PAGE 5 ---
Code 
Description 
Required 
Frequency Last CM Next Due 
('a.Adj) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD 
TSNMO 
Logbook 
Position 
TAG 
MOD 
tVW 
SIW 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
P= Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
321005 
Main Landing Gear (Left) • Lubrication 
2835.5 
1382 
2.0 
MOS 
Sep 
Feb 
Days 
Airframe 
2015 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Lubrication/Servicing (L) 
Main Landing Gear (Right) - Lubrication 
2835.5 
321006 
1382 
2.0 
MOS 
Sep 
Feb 
Days 
Airframe 
2015 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Lubrication/Servicing (L) 
Main Landing Gear and Attachments (Left) General Visual Inspection 
500 Hrs 
0.0 
3026.7 Hrs* 
180.1 Hrs 
321045 
Aug 
Airframe 
2003 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Main Landing Gear and Attachments (Right) General Visual Inspection 
500 Hrs 
0.0 
3026.7 Hrs* 
180.1 Hrs 
321046 
0.0 
Aug 
Airframe 
2003 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Main Landing Gear Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Reapplication (Left) 
2689.1 
321221 
1320 
20.0 
MOS 
Jul 2014 
Jul 
Mos 
Airframe 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Lubrication/Servicing (S) 
Main Landing Gear Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Reapplication (Right) 
2689.1 
321222 
1320 
20.0 
MOS 
Jul 2014 
Jul 
Mos 
Airframe 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Lubrication/Servicing (S) 
Nose Landing Gear Components - Detailed Corrosion Inspection 
2381.4 
322003 
1159 
20.5 
MOS 
Jul 2012 31 Jul 2016 
Mos 
Airframe 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Nose Landing Gear - Lubrication 
2835.5 
322004 
1382 
2.0 
MOS 
Sep 
Feb 
Days 
Airframe 
2015 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Lubrication/Servicing (L) 
Nose Landing Gear and Attachments - General Visual Inspection 
500 Hrs 
0.0 
3026.7 Hrs* 
180.1 Hrs 
322006 
Aug 
Airframe 
2003 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
N62MS 
G550 
5017 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 5 of 14 
Feb 2016 
€12016 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00591672
--- PAGE 6 ---
Code 
Description 
Required 
Frequency Last CMI Next Due 
(*=.AdJ) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD 
TSNMO 
Logbook 
Position 
TAG 
MOD 
KW 
SAW 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
P.: Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
322220 
Nose Landing Gear Corrosion Inhibiting Compound Reapplication 
2689.1 
1320 
18.0 
MOS 26 Jul 2014 
Jul 
Mos 
Airframe 
20W 
G550 AMM 
Lubrication/Servicing (S) 
Landing Gear Emergency Extension Nitrogen Blow-down Bottle (Left) • (Hydrostatic) Functional 
2525.3 
323002 
Test 
3.0 
1159SCH233.5 
29118C1 
1234 
Airframe 
MOS 
May 
May 
116 Days 
2013 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Functional/Ops Test (F) 
Hydrostatic 
Landing Gear Emergency Extension • Operational Test 
2545.0 
323901 
1248 
16.0 
Airframe 
MOS 
Jun 
2013 
Jun 
2016 
Mos 
G550 AMM 
FunctionaUOps Test (O) 
Emergency Floorpath Lighting Battery Pack (Deep Cycle) No. 1 - Functional Test 
2828.7 
335006 
ABS•2013•IA 
24300 
1379 
8.0 
Airframe 
MOS 
Jun 
2015 
Jan 
2017' 
Mos 
G550 AMM 
Lubrication/Servicing (5) 
Emergency Floorpath Lighting Battery Pack (Deep Cycle) No. 2 • Functional Test 
2828.7 
335007 
24301 
1379 
8.0 
Airframe 
MOS 
Jun 
2015 
Jan 
2017' 
Mos 
G550 AMM 
LubricatioNServicing (S) 
Emergency Floorpath Lighting Battery Pack (Deep Cycle) No. 3 • Functional Test 
2828.7 
335008 
ABS-2013.1A 
24299 
1379 
8.0 
MOS 
Jun 
Jan 
Mos 
Airframe 
2015 
2017' 
G550 AMM 
Lubrication/Servicing (S) 
Air Data Module No. 1 - Certification 
2761.6 
341023 
hg1153ca02 
03020372 
1352 
4.0 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
Days 
Airframe 
2015 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Lubrication/Servicing (Z) 
Calibration 
Air Data Module No. 2 - Certification 
2761.6 
341024 
HG1153CA02 
03030401 
1352 
4.0 
Airframe 
MOS 
0120 Mi a5r 
3210Ma
i 6r 
Days 
G550 AMM 
Lubrication/Servicing (Z) 
Calibration 
N62MS 
G550 
5017 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 6 of 14 
Feb 2016 
@2016 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. MI Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00591673
--- PAGE 7 ---
Code 
Description 
Required 
Frequency Last CM Next Due 
('a.Adj) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD 
TSNMO 
Logbook 
Position 
TAG 
MOD 
tVW 
SIW 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
P= Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
341025 
Air Data Module No. 3 - Certification 
HG1153CA02 
07022079 
2761.6 
1352 
4.0 
MOS 
Mar 
Mar 
Days 
Airframe 
2015 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Lubrication(Servicing (Z) 
Calibration 
Air Data System No. I - Functional / Leak Test 
2761.6 
341304 
1352 
4.0 
MOS 
Mar 
Feb 
Days 
Airframe 
2015 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
FunctionatlOps Test (F) 
Air Data System No. 2 Functional / Leak Test 
2761.6 
341305 
1352 
4.0 
MOS 
Mar 
Feb 
Days 
Airframe 
2015 
2016* 
G550 AMM 
Functionat(Ops Test (F) 
Air Data System No. 3 - Functional / Leak Test 
2761.6 
341306 
1352 
4.0 
MOS 
Mar 
Feb 
Days 
Airframe 
2015 
2016* 
G550 AMM 
Functionat(Ops Test (F) 
VOR IFR Check 
2846.6 
345004 
1390 
2.0 
DAY 
Jan 
Mar 
Days 
Airframe 
2016 
2016 
FunctionayOps Test (O) 
FMS NAV Database Update 
2834.2 
346025 
1381 
DAY 
Aug 
Sep 
-5 Mos 
Airframe 
2015 
2015 
G550 AMM 
Lubrication/Servicing 
Expiration 
Crew Oxygen Bottle (No. 1) - (Hydrostatic) Functional Test 
2070.8 
351211 
895180.15 
ALTB42.046 
993 
8.0 
MOS 
Sep 
Sep 
Mos 
Airframe 
2011 
2016 
G550 AMM 
FunctionallOgs Test (F) 
Hydrostatic 
Passenger Oxygen Bottle (No. 2) (Hydrostatic) Functional Test 
2070.8 
351212 
805983.15 
ALT842-065 
993 
8.0 
MOS 
Sep 
Sep 
Mos 
Airframe 
2011 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Functionati09ps Test (F) 
Hydrostatic 
Portable Oxygen Bottle (No. 1) (Hydrostatic) Functional Test 
2006.5 
353003 
56009M6A-F30AN 
ST77661 
968 
1.0 
MOS 
May 
May 
116 Days 
Airframe 
2011 
2016 
G550 AMM 
FunctionattOps Test (F) 
Hydrostatic 
N62MS 
G550 
5017 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 7 of 14 
Feb 2016 
© 2016 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00591674
--- PAGE 8 ---
Code 
Description 
Required 
Frequency Last CM Next Due 
('a.Adj) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD 
TSNMO 
Logbook 
Position 
TAG 
MOD 
tVW 
SIW 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
@r. Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
381027 
Airframe 
Water Sterilizer Quartz Glass Sheath - Restore 
No 
G550 AMM 
Overhaul (T) 
0.0 
3000 Hrs 
12.0 
3012.0Hrs 
Nov 
2003 
165.4 Hrs 
2.0 
381028 
Airframe 
491300 
Airframe 
Germicidal Lamp Discard 
2.60001.01 
No 
NSN 
G550 AMM 
Replacement (X) 
APU Compartment Drain Collectors General Visual Inspection 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
3000 Hrs 
12.0 
3012.0Hrs 
165.4 Hrs 
0.0 
Nov 
2003 
2689.1 
1320 
MOS 
Jul 2014 
Jun 
Mos 
2016' 
$284.64 
2.0 
491301 
APU 
Auxiliary Power Unit Turbine Plenum Drains - Operational Test 
G550 AMM 
Functional/Ops Test (O) 
1761.5 
MOS 
Jul 2014 
Jun 
Mos 
2016' 
3.0 
521016 
Airframe 
Main Entrance Door Cables - Tension Check 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
1761.4 
847 
MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
2010 
2016* 
8.0 
523201 
Airframe 
Baggage Compartment Door Internal Structure Detailed Inspection 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
0.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
2004 
2016 
8.0 
524001 
Airframe 
Tail Compartment Door - Zonal Inspection 
0.0 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
2004 
2016 
2.0 
525002 
Airframe 
530201 
Airframe 
Auxiliary Pressure Bulkhead Door Zonal Inspection 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Radome to Structure Perimeter Steps - Detailed Inspection 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
144 MOS 
0.0 
Jun 
Jun 
2004 
2016 
Mos 
2689.1 
1320 
MOS 
Jul 2014 
Jul 
Mos 
2016' 
2.0 
3.0 
N62MS 
G550 
5017 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 8 of 14 
Feb 2016 
CO 2016 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00591675
--- PAGE 9 ---
Code 
Description 
Required 
Frequency Last CM Next Due 
('a.Adj) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD 
TSNMO 
Logbook 
Position 
TAG 
MOD 
tVW 
SIW 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
P.: Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
531082 
Electronic Equipment Rack FS 147 - FS 181 (Enhanced) Zonal Inspection 
2676.5 
1312 
3.0 
MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2014 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Longeron Installation L / R BL 12 FS 119 - 145 (Left) - Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
531300 
8.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Longeron Installation L / R BL 12 FS 119 - 145 (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
531305 
4.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Cabin Internal Structure Headliner Removed All Penetrations - Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
532105 
45.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Below Emergency Exits Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
532110 
35.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Baggage Door Surround Structure - Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
532115 
6.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System Antenna Spacer - Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
532610 
0.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2003 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Torque Box Installation /Connections Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
533410 
6.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Forward Engine Mounts Installation FS 758 - Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
533610 
2.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
N62MS 
G550 
5017 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 9 of 14 
Feb 2016 
2016 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00591676
--- PAGE 10 ---
Code 
Description 
Required 
Frequency Last CM Next Due 
('a.Adj) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD 
TSNMO 
Logbook 
Position 
TAG 
MOD 
tVW 
SIW 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
Pr. Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
533620 
Airframe 
Pressure Bulkhead FS 758 Composite Panels - Detailed Inspection 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
MOS 
1761.4 
847 
Jun 
Jun 
2010 
2016 
Mos 
24.0 
Tail Compartment Above Floor Electrical Junction Boxes Detailed Inspection 
2381.4 
535028 
1159 
4.0 
MOS 
Jul 2012 31 Jul 2016 
Mos 
Airframe 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Horizontal Stabilizer Hinge and Actuator Fitting Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
551014 
10.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Horizontal Stabilizer Rub Blocks General Visual Inspection 
3000 Hrs 
0.0 
3000.0Hrs 
153.4 Hrs 
551109 
Aug 
Airframe 
2003 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Horizontal Stabilizer Rub Blocks Functional Test 
3000 Hrs 
0.0 
3000.0Hrs 
153.4 Hrs 
551110 
Aug 
Airframe 
2003 
G550 AMM 
FunctionatlOps Test (F) 
552001 
Airframe 
Elevator External for Delamination (Left) Detailed Inspection 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
144 MOS 
0.0 
Jun 
2004 
Jun 
2016 
Mos 
4.0 
Elevator External for Delamination (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
552002 
4.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Elevator Hinge (Left) - Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
552005 
26.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Elevator Hinge (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
552006 
26.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
N62MS 
G550 
5017 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 10 of 14 
Feb 2016 
© 2016 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00591677
--- PAGE 11 ---
Code 
Description 
Required 
Frequency Last CM Next Due 
('a.Adj) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD 
TSNMO 
Logbook 
Position 
TAG 
MOD 
tVW 
SIW 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
P= Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
554005 
Rudder External for Delamination Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
4.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Rudder Assembly Front Beam Internal - Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
554010 
12.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Wing Rear Beam (Left Enhanced) Zonal Inspection 
2689.1 
575021 
1320 
3.5 
MOS 
25Jul 2014 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Wing Rear Beam (Right Enhanced) Zonal Inspection 
2689.1 
575022 
1320 
3.5 
MOS 
Jul 2014 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Trailing Edge Flight Control Attach Hinge / Support Fittings (Left) Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
575601 
12.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Trailing Edge Flight Control Attach Hinge / Support Fittings (Right) - Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
575602 
12.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Aileron Ballast Weights (Left) Details Inspection 
0.0 
576005 
10.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Aileron Ballast Weights (Right) Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
576006 
10.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
Aileron Tab r Spoilers External for Delamination Detailed Inspection 
0.0 
576010 
4.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (M) 
N62MS 
G550 
5017 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 11 of 14 
Feb 2016 
CO 2016 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00591678
--- PAGE 12 ---
Code 
Description 
Required 
Frequency Last CM Next Due 
('a.Adj) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD 
TSNMO 
Logbook 
Position 
TAG 
MOD 
tVW 
SIW 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
P= Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
711310 
Powerplant Nose Cowls Internal (Left) Zonal Inspection 
0.0 
4.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Powerplant Nose Cowls Internal (Right) Zonal Inspection 
0.0 
711311 
4.0 
144 MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2004 
2016 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Fillers - Detailed Inspection 
500 Hrs 
2828.7 
3328.7Hrs 
3328.7 
482.1 Hrs 
723103 
1379 
4.0 
Jun 
Engine 1 
2015 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
723103 
Low-pressure Compressor (Fan) Annulus Fillers - Detailed Inspection 
500 Hrs 
2828.7 
3328.7Hrs 
3328.7 
482.1 Hrs 
(723104) 
1379 
4.0 
Jun 
Engine 2 
2015 
G550 AMM 
Special Inspection (R) 
Variable Stator Vane Mechanism - Lubrication 
1000 Hrs 
1974.4 
2974.4Hrs 
2974.4 
127.8 Hrs 
753025 
946 
16.0 
Mar 
Engine 1 
2011 
RR 8R710-C4 EMM 
Lubrication/Servicing (L) 
753025 
Variable Stator Vane Mechanism - Lubrication 
1000 Hrs 
1974.4 
2974.4Hrs 
2974.4 
127.8 Hrs 
(753026) 
946 
16.0 
Mar 
Engine 2 
2011 
RR BR710-C4 EMM 
Lubrication/Servicing (L) 
Thrust Reverser Ground Relay (Left) Operational Test 
2545.0 
783013 
1248 
1.0 
MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2013 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Functionat(Ops Test (O) 
Thrust Reverser Ground Relay (Right) Operational Test 
2545.0 
783014 
1248 
1.0 
MOS 
Jun 
Jun 
Mos 
Airframe 
2013 
2016' 
G550 AMM 
Functionat(Ops Test (p) 
SB BR700-72-A101523 (Revision 3) - Pawl Carrier Pivot Pins - Replace 
0.0 
880128 (R) 
3.0 
Jan 
-5 Days 
Engine 1 
2016 
Required Bulletin 
N62MS 
G550 
5017 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 12 of 14 
Feb 2016 
© 2016 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00591679
--- PAGE 13 ---
Code 
Description 
Required 
Frequency Last CM Next Due 
('a.Adj) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD 
TSNMO 
Logbook 
Position 
TAG 
MOD 
tVW 
SIW 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
P= Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
880128 
SB BR700-72-A101523 (Revision 3) - Pawl Carrier Pivot Pins Replace 
0.0 
(890128) (R) 
3.0 
Jan 
-5 Days 
Engine 2 
2016 
Required Bulletin 
CB 122A Replacement - Fuel Boost Pumps. P/N 1159SCP500-5 
0.0 
981221 (R) 
23.5 
Oct 
Mos 
Airframe 
2016 
Required Bulletin 
CB 150A Modification Aircraft Main Battery Chargers 
0.0 
981501 
Aug 
Mos 
Airframe 
2016 
Required Bulletin 
CB 159 Replacement - Main Landing Gear Door Actuator End Cap - Life Limit 
0.0 
981590 (R) 
31.0 
MOS 
Jul 2016 
Mos 
Airframe 
Required Bulletin 
AD 7408.09 R3 Lavatory Paper and Linen Waste Receptacle Enclosure Access Dow and 
1000 Hrs 
0.0 
2996.1 Hrs 
149.5 Hrs 
994002 
Disposal Door Inspection 
1.0 
Airframe 
AD 74-0809 
Airworthiness Directive (R) 
AD 2013.22-19 Fuel Boost Pump 
0.0 
994013 
MOS 
Jan 
Mos 
Airframe 
2017 
Airworthiness Directive 
AD 2014.18-01 Rockwell Collins Mode S Transponders TDR-94/TDR-94D 
0.0 
994015 
Airframe 
MOS 
Oct 
2016 
Mos 
Airworthiness Directive 
AD 2015.16-04 Kidde Graviner 
0.0 
994019 (R) 
MOS 
Mar 
Days 
Airframe 
2016 
Airworthiness Directive 
AD 2012.26-15 RI Honeywell International 
0.0 
998001 
Airframe 
Service Information 
N62MS 
G550 
5017 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 13 of 14 
Feb 2016 
© 2016 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00591680
--- PAGE 14 ---
Code 
Description 
Required 
Frequency Last CM Next Due 
('a.Adj) 
Next Due 
Airframe 
Time 
Remains 
Approx 
Price 
Code 
Manhrs 
Part Number 
Serial Number 
TSNHR 
TSNLD 
TSNMO 
Logbook 
Position 
TAG 
MOD 
tVW 
SAN 
TSOHR 
TSOLD 
TSOMO 
MM Ref 
Event Category 
p= Adjustments 
Date Type 
Ops Number(s) 
TOTAL APPROXIMATE PRICE AND CODE MANHOURS FOR ATAs 05-96 
TOTAL APPROXIMATE PRICE AND CODE MANHOURS FOR ATAs 97-99 
$4.110.31 
$0.00 
611.50 
55.50 
N62MS 
G550 
5017 
Maintenance Due List 
Page 14 of 14 
Feb 2016 
O2016 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. A General Dynamics Company 
EFTA00591681

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591682.pdf
----------------------------------------
Auction Sales at Christie's 
Item No. 
in 
Appraisal 
Auction date 
and name 
Artist 
Title 
Purchase 
Price 
Sales Tax 
Basis 
Auction Estimates 
Agreed 
Reserve 
Gain/Loss if 
sold at 
reserve 
Gain/Loss 
if sold at 
midpoint 
of 
estimates 
492 
4/13/16 
Revolution 
Gericault Leda and the Swan 
1,000,000 
88,750 1,088,750 
900,000-1,200,000 
900,000 
(188,750) 
(38,750) 
403 
4/13/16 
Revolution 
Prud'hon 
Portrait of Madame 
Pean de Saint-Gilles 
425,000 
28,687 
453,687 
250,000-350,000 
200,000 
(253,687) (153,687) 
N/A 
5/13/16 
Impressionist 
Works on 
Paper (Day) 
Dali 
Paysage (Idyllic 
Scene) 
gift 
N/A 
200,000 - 300,000 
200,000 
(to be 
confirmed) 
200,000 
250,000 
865 
5/19/16 
American 
Avery 
Early Spring 
125,000 
11,094 
136,094 
400,000-600,000 
350,000 
213,906 
363,906 
875 
5/19/16 
American 
Davis 
Artist in Search of a 
Model 
68,500 
5,651 
74,151 
250,000 - 350,000 
250,000 
175,849 
225,849 
809 
5/25/2016 
Latin American Matta 
San titre 
215,000 
18,006 
233,006 
150,000 - 200,000 
150,000 
(83,006) 
(58,006) 
791 
7/13/16 
Victorian Art 
(in London) 
Tissot 
La Soeur Ainee 
125,000 
11,094 
136,094 
£100,000-
150,000 
($100,000 - 150,000) 
£100,000 
($150,000) 
13,906 
(11,094) 
1,958,500 
163,282 
2,121,782 2,250,000 - 3,150,000 
2,200,000 
78,218 
578,218 
EFTA00591682

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591683.pdf
----------------------------------------
VOTE STACEY 
PLASKETT 
FOR CONGRESS 2016 
UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FIRST TERM ACCOMPLISHMENTS 2015-2016 
Named to the Committees on Agriculture and Oversight and 
Government Reform 
Named as the Freshman representative on the Democratic Lead-
ership Steering and Policy Committee 
Named by Southern Region as Regional Whip for Democrats 
Named to Leader Nancy Pelosi's Future Forum Group. Made up 
of a select group of 10 Members of Democratic Conference to 
engage millennials in political process 
Selected to President Obama's White House Renewable 
Energy roundtable group 
Led the Virgin Islands delegation to the First Caribbean Energy 
Security Summit in DC 
Successful Legislative Activity 
• 
Successfully removed the Virgin Islands and small territories from 
PROMESA (Puerto Rico Oversight Management 
Economic Security Act), which threatened VI municipal credit and 
borrowing ability along with self-governance 
• Secured VA decision to expand Choice Program eligibility for 
Virgin Islands resident veterans 
• 
Original Co-Sponsor of legislation to expand the VA choice pro-
gram eligibility (H.R.572) 
• Secured House passage of the Virgin Islands of the United States 
Centennial Commission Act (H.R.2615) 
Successfully worked to repeal the DC Budget proposal listing 
USVI and other Caribbean islands as tax havens which would 
have negatively affected our ability to secure banking and Trea-
sury support 
Led the defeat of an amendment to the transportation 
authorization bill (Territorial Highway Program: H.R.2353) that 
would have reduced federal dollars for the Virgin Islands 
Defeated attempt by American Samoa and Northern Mariana 
to reallocate percentage of funding going to the USVI for other 
small territories 
Secured Commitment from Army Corp of Engineers for 
increased personnel and resources for Virgin Islands backlog 
of permits 
One of a small group of Members of Congress to be involved in 
the planning of the unprecedented -sit-in' of House Democrats for 
action to address American gun violence 
Secured Agriculture drought relief assistance for farmers and 
twestock owners and commitment to keep data on territories for 
future assistance and to designate St. Croix a primary disaster 
area due to severe drought 
Honored by global food and poverty groups for being a leading 
voice on issues affecting food and nutrition security 
Major Sponsored Legislation 
Virgin Islands Visa Waiver Act of 2015 (H.R. 2116) — Gives 
expedited visa process for members of the Caribbean Community 
(CARICOM) to enter the USVI for sports, entertainment, medical, 
and recreational purposes. 
• 
Hire-A-Hero Act of 2015 (H.R.2457) — Gives tax credits to small 
businesses that hire someone in the Reserves or National Guard. 
• 
United States Virgin Islands College Access Act of 2015 (H.R. 
4191) —Allows student who are residents of the VI to receive 
in-state tuition when applying to participating state universities. 
• 
Lobbied Obama Administration to include UVI as a community 
college for the President's proposal to make 2 years free at com-
munity colleges. 
• Territorial Economic Growth and Recovery Act of 2016 
(H.R.5163) — Introduced to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to provide for economic recovery in the Virgin Islands and 
Guam, and for other purposes. 
Territorial Tax Equity and Economic Growth Act (I-I.R.5038) —
Introduced to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to 
provide for economic recovery in the territories. 
Co-Sponsored legislation to extend SSI benefits to the U.S. Virgin 
Islands (H.R.582) 
Visited Dominica immediately after Hurricane Erika and hosted 
Dominican Ambassador in Congress. Introduced H.Res.453 with 
numerous co-sponsors for additional Dominican assistance 
field Activities 
Sponsored workshops on STT and STX for small businesses on 
federal contracting 
• 
Partnered with USDA for workshops (STX and STT) on 
technical support for Farmers 
• 
Had several town halls on St Croix, St. Thomas, and St. John. 
• 
Commitment to visit ALL schools in the Virgin Islands, and 
currently have visited over 15 schools. Will continue to meet with 
heads of school, teachers AND students. 
• 
Organized and hosted first ever official roundtable discussion 
between VI Delegate to Congress and Virgin Islands 
Legislature 
• 
Organized annual 'VI Advocacy Day' in Congress, focused on 
elevating VI issues via local business owners and advocates 
• 
Held meetings with various Regional Directors of agencies to 
discuss issues/concerns affecting the VI including: 
• 
HIDTA (High Intensity Drug Trafficking Agency) 
• 
Customs and Border Protection 
• 
U.S. Postal Service 
• 
USPS letter caniers 
• 
HUD (Housing and Urban Development) 
• 
VA Regional Hospital in Puerto Rico 
EFTA00591683

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591684.pdf
----------------------------------------
PLASKETT 
FOR CONGRESS 
UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
1st !I 
HOST COMMITTEE 
David Bornn, Esq. 
Greg Ferguson, Esq. 
Erika Kellerhals, Esq. 
Marjorie Rawls Roberts, Esq. 
host committee in formation 
suggested contributions 
*HOST $2700 
PATRON $1000 
SUPPORTER $500 
FRIEND $250 
*AII Host Contributors will have their name 
prominently displayed at the event. 
Si THOMAS 
V.I. FOR PLASKETT FINANCE COMMITTEE 
cordially invites you to a 
FUNDRAISER COCKTAIL RECEPTIC 
for 
The Honorable Congresswoman 
STACEY PLASKETT(D-vo 
PLEASE JOIN US AT: 
Paradise Point 
9617 Estate Thomas 
Havensight, St. Thomas 
Monday, July 18, 2016 
6:00 p.m. - 9:00 p.m. 
Entertainment, Food and Drinks 
will be provided 
PLEASE RSVP TO: 
Kayla Clondinon 
You are invited to ride the complimentary Skyride tram to Paradise Point for 
the reception. Shuttles will also be provided from Port of Sale parking lot. SP 
Pad lot and authonzed by VI for Plaskett 
PAGE 1 2 
EFTA00591684
--- PAGE 2 ---
PLEASE INCLUDE THIS PAGE WITH YOUR CONTRIBUTION 
K Yes, I would like to attend and contribute $2,700 (or $5,400 per couple). 
K Yes, I would like to attend and contribute $1000 (or $2,000 per couple). 
K Yes, I would like to attend and contribute $500 (or $1,000 per couple). 
K Yes, I would like to attend and contribute $250 (or $500 per couple). 
Please make your check payable to "VI for Plaskett" 
Name: 
Address: 
City:  
 State:  
Zip: 
Employer: 
Occupation: 
Home Phone: 
Office Phone: 
Fax Phone:  
Cell Phone: 
Email:  
CONTRIBUTIONS TO V.I. FOR PLASKETT WELCOMED AND ACCEPTED. Federal law requires us to use our best efforts 
to collect and report the name, mailing address, occupation and name of employer of individuals whose contributions 
exceed 5200 in an election cycle. M individual may contribute a maximum of 52,700 per election (the primery and general 
are separate election*. By submithng your contribution, you agree that the first 52,700 IS designated for the plalary, and 
any additional amount up to 52,700 is designated for the general election. Contributions or gifts to VI. FOR PLASKETT are 
not tax deductible. Federal law prohibits the acceptance of corporate contributions. 
Ilt1111111 
Paid for and authorized by VI for Plaskett 
PAGE 22 
EFTA00591685

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591686.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591686.pdf
----------------------------------------
Bill To 
BCSC DOSPIVA, LLC 
Box 25105 Gallows Bay Station 
Christiansted, Saint Croix, VI 00824 
Great St. Jim, LLC 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Invoice 
Date 
Invoice X 
7/27/2016 
4151 
Protect/Job 
Project X 
File Number 
For Period 
Engineering/Survey... 
GSJ 
16076 
Item 
Quantity 
Description 
Hourly Rate 
Amount 
Civil Engineering 
0.3 Civil Engineering 
Retainage 10% 
20% Complete 
30% This Invoice 
30% Invoiced-to-Date 
17,000.00 
5.100.00 
It's been a pleasure working with you! 
Total 
45,100.00 
An amount of I% of the outstanding balance shall be added each month for accounts not 
received within thirty (30) days of original invoice. 
Payments/Credits 
$0.00 
Balance Due 
45,100.00 
Phone If 
Fax If 
340.778.7476 
EFTA00591686

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591687.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 409 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2017 Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:08-cv-S0736-KAM 
JANE DOE 1 AND JANE DOE 2, 
Petitioners, 
v. 
UNITED STATES, 
Respondent. 
JANE DOE 1 AND JANE DOE 2'S UNOPPOSED MOTION FOR EXTENSION OF 
TIME TO FILE REPLY TO GOVERNMENT'S RESPONSE AND OPPOSITION TO 
VICTIMS' MOTION FOR PARTIAL SUMMARY JUDGMENT AND RESPONSE TO 
GOVERNMENT'S CROSS-MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT 
Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 (also referred to as "the victims"), by and through 
undersigned counsel, now file this unopposed motion for an extension of time to file a 
reply/response to the Government's Response and Opposition to the Victims' Motion for Partial 
Summary Judgment and the Government's Cross-Motion for Summary Judgment (DE 401-2). 
As the Court is aware, this is a complex case. Following the filing of the Victims' 
Statement of Undisputed Materials Facts and Motion for Partial Summary Judgment (DE 361), 
the Government obtained several extension of time and then, on June 2, 2017, the Government 
filed a 33-page response to the victims' motion for partial summary judgment and its own cross-
motion for summary judgment (DE 401-2). The cross-motion raises nine separate arguments as 
to why the Government believes it is entitled to summary judgment in this case. In conjunction 
EFTA00591687
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 409 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2017 Page 2 of 4 
with these motions, the Government also filed a 22-page response to the victims' statement of 
undisputed materials facts (DE 407). 
The victims' response is currently due on July 21, 2017. Victims' counsel has been 
working diligently to prepare the victims' response. In researching and working on the response 
to the Government's motion, the victims have encountered several new issues that were more 
complicated than initially anticipated. 
Some of these issues pertain to legislative history 
associated with the Crime Victims' Rights Act and related subjects that require extensive 
research. Counsel for the victims also have several other cases that have recently required their 
attention. As a result of these facts, victims' counsel are not able to complete a fully adequate 
response under the current deadline. 
Accordingly, the victims seek an extension until August 11, 2017, to fully research and 
brief the important issues raised in the Government's response and motion. This request is not 
interposed for purposes of delay, but rather to allow full and careful briefing on this potentially 
dispositive motions. The Government does not oppose the motion and requests that the Court 
set a date September 15, 2017, for its reply in support of its motion for summary judgment. 
For the foregoing reasons, the victims respectfully request that the Court grant a twenty-
one day extension to August 11, 2017, to respond to the Government's brief and to reply in 
support of their motion for summary judgment. 
DATED: July 20, 2017 
Respectfully Submitted, 
/s/ natal 
f. Edoeva4 
Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00591688
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 409 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2017 Page 3 of 4 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telepho 
Facsimil , 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
And 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah' 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone 
Facsimile: 
E-Maikcassellp@law.utah.edu 
Attorneys for Jane Does 1 and 2 
This daytime business address is provided for identification and correspondence purposes only and is not 
intended to imply institutional endorsement by the University of Utah. 
EFTA00591689
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 409 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2017 Page 4 of 4 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document was served on July 20, 2017, on the following using 
the Court's CM/ECF system: 
Dexter Lee 
A. Marie Villainla 
500 S. Australian Ave., Suite 400 
401 
E-mail: Dexter.Lee@usdoj.gov 
E-mail: ann.marie.c.villafana@usdoj.gov 
Attorneys for the Government 
Roy Eric Black 
Jacqueline Perczek 
Black Srebnick Komspan & Stumpf 
201 S Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 1300 
Miami, FL 33131 
Email: pleadingeroyblack.com 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Is/ Sway/ p. Seitualua 
EFTA00591690

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591691.pdf
----------------------------------------
VALAR GLOBAL FUND III LP 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591691
--- PAGE 2 ---
Table of Contents 
Page 
ARTICLE 1 
NAME, PURPOSE AND OFFICES OF PARTNERSHIP 
1.1 
Name 
1.2 
Purpose 
1.3 
Principal Office 
1.4 
Registered Agent and Office 
ARTICLE 2 
TERM OF PARTNERSHIP 
2.1 
Term 
2.2 
Events Affecting a Member of the General Partner 
2.3 
Events Affecting a Limited Partner of the Partnership 
2.4 
Events Affecting the General Partner 
ARTICLE 3 
NAME AND ADMISSION OF PARTNERS 
3.1 
Name and Address 
3.2 
Admission of Additional Partners 
3.3 
Removal of the General Partner 
ARTICLE 4 
CAPITAL ACCOUNTS, CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND 
NONCONTRIBUTING PARTNERS 
4.1 
Capital Accounts 
4.2 
Capital Contributions of the Limited Partners 
4.3 
Capital Contributions of the General Partner 
4.4 
Acquisition of an Additional Interest by the General Partner 
4.5 
Noncontributing Partners 
4.6 
Suspension Period 
ARTICLE 5 
PARTNERSHIP ALLOCATIONS 
5.1 
Allocation of Profit or Loss 
5.2 
Allocation of Ordinary Income and Ordinary Loss 
5.3 
Reallocation of Contingent Losses 
5.4 
Special Allocations 
5.5 
Regulatory Allocations 
5.6 
Income Tax Allocations 
ARTICLE 6 
MANAGEMENT FEE; PARTNERSHIP EXPENSES 
6.1 
Management Fee 
6.2 
Expenses 
r. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591692
--- PAGE 3 ---
Table of Contents (Cont'd) 
Page 
ARTICLE 7 
WITHDRAWALS BY AND DISTRIBUTIONS TO THE PARTNERS 
7.1 
Interest 
7.2 
Withdrawals by the Partners 
7.3 
Partners' Obligation to Repay or Restore 
7.4 
Mandatory Distributions 
7.5 
Discretionary Distributions and Rules Regarding Distributions 
7.6 
Withholding Obligations 
ARTICLE 8 
MANAGEMENT DUTIES AND RESTRICTIONS 
8.1 
Management 
8.2 
No Control by the Limited Partners; No Withdrawal 
8.3 
Existing Funds: Follow-On Funds; Parallel Funds 
8.4 
Investment Opportunities and Conflicts of Interest 
ARTICLE 9 
INVESTMENT REPRESENTATION AND TRANSFER OF 
PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 
9.1 
Investment Representation of the Limited Partners 
9.2 
Qualifications of the Limited Partners 
9.3 
Transfer by General Partner 
9.4 
Transfer by Limited Partner 
9.5 
Requirements for Transfer 
9.6 
Substitution as a Limited Partner 
9.7 
Expenses of Transfer 
ARTICLE 10 
DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
10.1 
Extension of Partnership Term 
10.2 
Early Termination of the Partnership 
10.3 
Winding Up Procedures 
10.4 
Payments in Liquidation 
10.5 
Return of Excess Distributions 
ARTICLE 11 
FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING, REPORTS AND MEETINGS 
11.1 
Financial Accounting; Fiscal Year 
11.2 
Supervision: Inspection of Books 
11.3 
Quarterly Reports 
176316015 v3 
EFTA00591693
--- PAGE 4 ---
Table of Contents (Cont'd) 
Page 
I 1.4 
Annual Report; Financial Statements of the Partnership 
I 1.5 
Website Based Reporting 
I 1.6 
Annual Meeting 
I 1.7 
Tax Returns 
11.8 
Tax Matters Partner 
11.9 
Partnership Funds 
ARTICLE 12 
VALUATION; ADVISORY COMMITTEE 
12.1 
Valuation 
12.2 
Advisory Committee 
ARTICLE 13 
PARTNERS SUBJECT TO SPECIAL REGULATION 
13.1 
ERISA Partners 
13.2 
Governmental Plan Partners 
13.3 
Private Foundation Partners 
ARTICLE 14 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
14.1 
Accounting Period 
14.2 
Adjusted Asset Value 
14.3 
Adjusted Capital Account Balance 
14.4 
Affiliate 
14.5 
Capital Account 
14.6 
Capital Commitment; Committed Capital 
14.7 
Code 
14.8 
Deemed Gain or Deemed Loss 
14.9 
Reserved 
14.10 Marketable; Marketable Securities; Marketability 
14.11 Nonmarketable Securities 
14.12 Ordinary Income or Ordinary Loss 
14.13 Partnership Percentage 
14.14 Percentage in Interest; Majority in Interest 
14.15 Prime Rate 
14.16 Profit or Loss 
14.17 Regulated Partner 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591694
--- PAGE 5 ---
Table of Contents (Cont'd) 
Page 
14.18 Securities 
14.19 Securities Act 
14.20 Short-Term Securities 
14.21 Thiel Persons 
14.22 Treasury Regulations 
ARTICLE 15 
OTHER PROVISIONS 
15.1 
Governing Law 
15.2 
Limitation of Liability of the Limited Partners 
15.3 
Exculpation 
15.4 
Indemnification 
15.5 
Arbitration 
15.6 
Execution of Documents 
15.7 
Other Instruments and Acts 
15.8 
Binding Agreement 
15.9 
Notices; Electronic Transmission of Reports 
15.10 Power of Attorney 
15.11 Amendment 
15.12 Entire Agreement 
15.13 Titles; Subtitles 
15.14 Partnership Name 
15.15 Confidentiality 
EXHIBIT A: 
Schedule of Partners 
 A-1 
iv. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591695
--- PAGE 6 ---
INDEX OF DEFINITIONS 
Term 
Paragraph
Accounting Period 
14.1 
Act 
Preamble 
Adjusted Asset Value 
14.2 
Adjusted Capital Account Balance 
14.3 
Administrator 
15.5(a) 
Advisory Committee 
12.2 
Affected Parties 
15.15(a) 
Affiliate 
14.4 
Affiliates Fund 
8.3(c) 
Affiliated Party 
8.4(b) 
After-Tax Distribution Amount 
10.5(b) 
Agreement 
Preamble 
Annual Tax Amount 
7.4(a) 
Arbitration 
15.5(a) 
Arbitrator 
15.5(a) 
Capital Account 
14.5 
Capital Commitment 
14.6 
Carried Interest Distributions 
10.5(b) 
Cashless Portion 
4.3 
Claim 
15.5(a) 
Code 
14.7 
Commencement Date 
2.1 
Commitment Period 
4.2(a) 
Committed Capital 
14.6 
Confidential Information 
15.15(a) 
Contingent Loss 
5.3(a) 
Deemed Gain 
14.8 
Deemed Loss 
14.8 
Default Notice 
4.5(b) 
Defaulting Limited Partner 
4.5(b) 
Deemed Contribution Shortfall 
10.5(d) 
DOL Regulations 
4.2(b) 
ERISA 
4.2(b) 
ERISA Partner 
13.1(a) 
Fee Adjustment 
6.1(c)(ii) 
First Allocation Hurdle 
5.1(b) 
General Partner 
Preamble 
Governmental Plan Partner 
13.2 
Indemnified Parties 
15.4 
Late Admission Charge 
3.2(c) 
Limited Partners 
Preamble 
Loss 
14.16 
Majority in Interest 
14.14 
Management Company 
8.1 
Management Fee 
6.1(a) 
Management Fee Percentage 
6.1(b) 
Managing Member 
4.6(b) 
v. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591696
--- PAGE 7 ---
Term 
Paragraph 
Marketable 
14.10 
Marketable Securities 
14.10 
Marketability 
14.10 
Nonmarketable Securities 
14.11 
Optionees 
4.5(b)(vii) 
Optionor 
4.5(b)(vii) 
Ordinary Income 
14.12 
Ordinary Loss 
14.12 
Paragraph 10.5 Reapplication Amount 
4.2(d)(iii) 
Parallel Funds 
8.3(c) 
Partners 
3.1 
Partnership 
Preamble 
Partnership Percentage 
14.13 
Percentage in Interest 
14.14 
Pooled Vehicle Partner 
15.15(e) 
Prime Rate 
14.15 
Prior Funds 
8.3(a)(ii) 
Private Foundation Partner 
13.2 
Profit 
14.16 
Regulated Partner 
14.17 
Regulatory Allocations 
5.5(a) 
Remaining Portion 
4.5(b)(vii)(2) 
Reporting Site 
11.5 
Second Allocation Hurdle 
5.1(b) 
Securities 
14.18 
Securities Act 
14.19 
Short-Term Securities 
14.20 
Side Letter 
15.12 
Special Purpose Investment Fund 
8.4(a) 
Subject Reports 
11.5 
Successor Fund 
8.3(a)(iii) 
Successor Fund Eligible Date 
8.3(b) 
Suspension Event 
4.6(b) 
Suspension Period 
4.6(b) 
Tax Payments 
7.6(a) 
Termination Date 
2.1 
Thiel Activities 
15.3(d) 
Thiel Persons 
14.21 
Treasury Regulations 
14.22 
Trigger Event 
3.3(c) 
UBTI 
8.4(g) 
VCOC 
4.2(b) 
VCOC Notice 
4.2(b) 
vi. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591697
--- PAGE 8 ---
VALAR GLOBAL FUND III LP 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
This LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") of VALAR GLOBAL FUND III LP 
(the "Partnership") is made and entered into as of 
by and among VALAR VENTURES GP HI LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (the "General Partner"), and each investor who is identified as a 
limited partner on EXHIBIT A and who is admitted to the Partnership as of such date (the "Limited 
Partners"), who hereby form the Partnership pursuant to the provisions of the Delaware Revised Uniform 
Limited Partnership Act (the "Act"), as follows: 
ARTICLE 1 
NAME, PURPOSE AND OFFICES OF PARTNERSHIP 
1.1 
Name. The name of the Partnership is VALAR GLOBAL FUND III LP. The affairs of the 
Partnership shall be conducted under the Partnership name, or such other name as the General Partner may, 
in its discretion, determine. 
1.2 
Purpose. The primary purpose of the Partnership is to provide a limited number of select 
investors with the opportunity to realize long-term appreciation, generally from venture capital investments 
in earlier-stage, high-growth technology companies as a result of direct, privately negotiated investments in 
equity or equity-oriented securities of private and public companies. The general purposes of the 
Partnership are to buy, sell, hold, and otherwise invest in Securities of every kind and nature and rights and 
options with respect thereto, including, without limitation, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, and evidence of 
indebtedness; to exercise all rights, powers, privileges, and other incidents of ownership or possession with 
respect to Securities held or owned by the Partnership; to enter into, make, and perform all contracts and 
other undertakings; and to engage in all activities and transactions as may be necessary, advisable, or 
desirable to carry out the foregoing. 
1.3 
Principal Office. The principal office of the Partnership shall be at 915 Broadway, Suite 
1101, New York, NY 10010, or such other place or places as the General Partner may from time to time 
designate. The General Partner shall provide the Limited Partners with prompt written notice of any change 
in the location of the Partnership's principal office. 
1.4 
Registered Agent and Office. The name of the registered agent for service of process of 
the Partnership and the address of the Partnership's registered office in the State of Delaware shall be The 
Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, or such other agent or 
office in the State of Delaware as the General Partner may from time to time designate. 
ARTICLE 2 
TERM OF PARTNERSHIP 
2.1 
Term. The term of the Partnership shall commence upon the date of the filing of the 
Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership with the office of the Secretary of State of the State of 
Delaware. The term of the Partnership shall continue until the tenth anniversary of the date on which the 
initial capital contribution is due (such date of the initial capital contribution being referred to herein as the 
"Commencement Date" and such tenth anniversary being referred to as the "Termination Date"), unless 
extended pursuant to paragraph 10.1 or sooner dissolved as provided in paragraph 10.2. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591698
--- PAGE 9 ---
2.2 
Events Affecting a Member of the General Partner. Except as specifically provided in 
paragraph 10.2, the death, bankruptcy, withdrawal, insanity, incompetency, temporary or permanent 
incapacity, expulsion, removal, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, merger, sale of all or substantially 
all the stock or assets of, or other change in the ownership or nature of any member of the General Partner 
shall not dissolve the Partnership. 
2.3 
Events Affecting a Limited Partner of the Partnership. The death, bankruptcy, 
withdrawal, insanity, incompetency, temporary or permanent incapacity, liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganization, merger, sale of all or substantially all the stock or assets of, or other change in the ownership 
or nature of a Limited Partner shall not dissolve the Partnership. 
2.4 
Events Affecting the General Partner. Except as specifically provided in paragraph 10.2, 
the withdrawal, bankruptcy, expulsion, resignation, removal, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, 
merger, sale of all or substantially all the stock or assets of, or other change in the ownership or nature of the 
General Partner shall not constitute an "event of withdrawal" of the General Partner under the Act, and 
upon the happening of any such event, the affairs of the Partnership shall be continued without dissolution 
by the General Partner or any successor entity thereto. 
ARTICLE 3 
NAME AND ADMISSION OF PARTNERS 
3.1 
Name and Address. The name and address of the General Partner and each Limited 
Partner (hereinafter the General Partner and the Limited Partners shall be referred to collectively as the 
"Partners" and each individually as a "Partner"), the amount of such Partner's Capital Commitment to the 
Partnership, and such Partner's Partnership Percentage are set forth on a separate and confidential EXHIBIT 
A hereto, marked as EXHIBIT A•1 thru EXHIBIT Al (with a separate EXHIBIT A for each Partner). The 
General Partner shall cause EXHIBIT A to be amended from time to time to reflect the admission of any new 
Partner, the withdrawal or substitution of any Partner, the transfer of interests among Partners, receipt by 
the Partnership of notice of any change of address of a Partner or the change in any Partner's Capital 
Commitment or Partnership Percentage. An amended EXHIBIT A shall supersede any prior EXHIBIT A and 
become a part of this Agreement. A copy of the most recent amended EXHIBIT A shall be kept on file at the 
principal office of the Partnership. 
3.2 
Admission of Additional Partners. 
(a) 
Except as provided in paragraphs 3.2(b), 4.5(b)(vii)(4) and 9.6, an additional 
person may be admitted as a Partner only with the consent of the General Partner and Eighty Percent in 
Interest of the Limited Partners. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding subparagraph (a) above, additional persons may be admitted as 
Limited Partners (or existing Limited Partners may increase their Capital Commitments) with the consent 
of only the General Partner on or before the date that is six (6) months after the date hereof; provided that 
the aggregate capital commitments to the Partnership and the Parallel Funds shall not exceed two hundred 
and fifty million dollars ($250,000,000). 
(c) 
Each additional person admitted as a Limited Partner subsequent to the date hereof 
(and each existing Limited Partner that increases its Capital Commitment) shall (i) execute and deliver to 
the Partnership a counterpart of this Agreement or otherwise take such actions as the General Partner shall 
deem appropriate in order for such Limited Partner to become bound by the terms of this Agreement, (ii) 
contribute that portion of its (or such) Capital Commitment which is equal to the portion of the respective 
2. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591699
--- PAGE 10 ---
Capital Commitments contributed to date by the Partnership's previously admitted Limited Partners, and 
(iii) pay to the Partnership a "Late Admission Charge" (which shall be deemed Ordinary Income of the 
Partnership and not be treated as a capital contribution) equal to interest on the amount contributed by such 
Partner pursuant to the preceding clause (ii) at an annual interest rate that is two hundred basis points (2.0%) 
higher than the Prime Rate (determined as of the close of business on the date of such admission or 
increase), compounded daily, from the date(s) that such Partner would have been required to contribute 
such amount if it had been admitted (or had such increased Capital Commitment) at the initial closing of the 
Partnership; provided that this clause (iii) shall not apply to a Limited Partner admitted to the Partnership 
(or allowed to increase its Capital Commitment) within ninety (90) days from the Commencement Date. 
Limited Partners admitted to the Partnership after the date hereof will not be entitled to share in or be 
allocated any Ordinary Income (including, without limitation, Late Admission Charges) accruing on or 
prior to their admission date. At the election of the General Partner, any Late Admission Charge owed to 
the Partnership by a Limited Partner may be paid to the Partnership through an offsetting reduction in such 
Limited Partner's Capital Account balance. 
(d) 
Upon the admission of any additional Limited Partner pursuant to this paragraph 
3.2, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, make a special distribution of all or a portion of the 
initial contribution of capital made by such additional Limited Partner. Such distribution shall be made to 
all Partners in accordance with Partnership Percentages (as adjusted to reflect the admission of such 
additional Limited Partner) and shall be deemed to be a return of capital to such Partners; provided, 
however, that such Partners shall be deemed, for the purposes of paragraph 4.2, not to have contributed the 
amount of such distribution, and the amounts of their respective unfunded Capital Commitments shall be 
increased accordingly. 
3.3 
Removal of the General Partner. 
(a) 
Immediately following a Trigger Event (as defined below), the General Partner 
shall provide notice to the Limited Partners of the Trigger Event, and at the election of Two-Thirds in 
Interest of the Limited Partners, pursuant to a vote occurring during any time during the one hundred and 
eighty (180) day period following such notice to the Limited Partners, the General Partner may be removed 
from its capacity as the general partner of the Partnership. 
(b) 
In the event of the removal of the General Partner pursuant to paragraph 3.3(a), the 
Limited Partners, acting by the same Percentage in Interest required of the vote to remove, shall be entitled 
to appoint a replacement general partner on such economic terms and other terms as the replacement 
general partner and a Two-Thirds in Interest of the Limited Partners may agree. In such event: (i) the 
removed General Partner shall not be entitled to retain any rights or powers of a general partner of the 
Partnership and shall become a special limited partner of the Partnership with a continued interest in 
allocations of Profit and Loss and distributions of Partnership cash and assets pursuant to Articles 5, 7 and 
I() hereof; (ii) the removed General Partner shall no longer be required to make additional capital 
contributions to the Partnership pursuant to paragraph 4.3 and the removed General Partner's Capital 
Commitment shall be equal to the amount actually contributed pursuant to paragraph 4.3; (iii) the removed 
General Partner shall be entitled to receive all allocations and distributions to which it would otherwise be 
entitled to receive had it not been removed when, as and if such allocations and distributions are made, in 
respect of all activities of and investments by the Partnership that occurred or were committed to by the 
Partnership prior to the effective date of removal; provided, however, that the removed General Partner 
shall be entitled to receive one hundred percent (100%) of all allocations and distributions in respect of its 
capital contributions; (iv) the removed General Partner shall not be entitled to receive any payments of 
management fee pursuant to paragraph 6.1 with respect to any period of time after the date of its removal; (v) 
the removed General Partner and any Indemnified Party shall remain entitled to exculpation and 
indemnification pursuant to paragraphs 15.3 and 15.4 with respect to any matter arising prior to or out of 
3. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591700
--- PAGE 11 ---
events or circumstances existing prior to the General Partner's removal; and (vi) an interest in the 
Partnership equal to the General Partner's unfunded Capital Commitment and the remaining carried interest 
in the Partnership shall be transferred to the replacement general partner upon its admission to the 
Partnership. 
(c) 
For purposes of this paragraph 3.3, a "Trigger Event" shall have occurred if the 
General Partner or any Managing Member is (i) found by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitration 
carried out pursuant to paragraph 15.5 to have committed (or enters a plea of nolo contendere to having 
committed) embezzlement, fraud or any other act involving material improper personal benefit against the 
Partnership or its assets, or (ii) is convicted of a violation of federal or state securities law or a felony (but 
not including a felony involving the use of a motor vehicle) in a manner that had a material adverse effect 
on the Partnership; provided, however, that no Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, in the 
case of acts by a Managing Member, the offending individual is removed as a managing member of the 
General Partner within thirty (30) days after the court judgment or arbitration decision, or conviction, which 
would otherwise have given rise to a Trigger Event under this paragraph 3.3. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding anything in paragraph 15.11 and in the event of any election 
made to remove the General Partner, the Partners agree to amend this Agreement in good faith in order to 
give effect to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph 3.3, including but not limited to revising Exhibit A 
to reflect changes in the Partners' identities, Capital Commitments and Partnership Percentages. 
(e) 
The General Partner shall promptly notify the Limited Partners if the General 
Partner or any Managing Member is found to have committed (or enters a plea of nolo contendere to having 
committed) embezzlement, fraud or any other act involving material improper personal benefit, or is 
convicted of a violation of federal or state securities law or a felony, regardless of whether any such act 
relates to the Partnership or not. 
ARTICLE 4 
CAPITAL ACCOUNTS, CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
AND NONCONTRIBUTING PARTNERS 
4.1 
Capital Accounts. An individual Capital Account shall be maintained for each Partner. 
4.2 
Capital Contributions of the Limited Partners. 
(a) 
Each Limited Partner shall contribute capital to the Partnership as requested by the 
General Partner upon ten (10) business days' prior written notice (which such notice shall be given by 
electronic mail or by a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, in accordance 
with paragraph 15.9); provided, that the initial capital contribution from each Limited Partner shall not be 
due earlier than January I, 2016. The General Partner may request capital contributions from the Limited 
Partners, on the terms specified in this paragraph 4.2(a) or as altered under a Side Letter. Except as set forth 
in paragraphs 3.2(c) and 4.2(b), each capital contribution shall be in accordance with Partnership 
Percentages; provided, however, that the capital contributions from the Limited Partners may be adjusted 
by the General Partner in good faith in order to account for the fact that no Management Fee is chargeable in 
respect of the General Partner's interest in the Partnership. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to 
the contrary, no Limited Partner shall be required to contribute any capital after the fifth anniversary of the 
Commencement Date (the period between the Commencement Date and the fifth anniversary thereof being 
referred to herein as the "Commitment Period"), except as may be necessary for (a) Partnership expenses, 
including, but not limited to, payment of any Management Fee (as defined below) due to the General 
Partner; (b) completion of transactions evidenced by a written terms sheet (or other similar statement of 
4. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591701
--- PAGE 12 ---
intent to make an investment that has been executed by the Partnership) prior to the end of the Commitment 
Period; (c) follow-on investments in the Securities of issuers in which the Partnership holds a pre-existing 
interest as of the date of such proposed follow-on investment; and (d) fulfillment of such Limited Partner's 
obligations pursuant to paragraph 4.2(d)(i). Further, each Limited Partner's obligation to contribute capital 
shall also be subject to those limitations set forth in paragraph 4.6. Each capital contribution by any Limited 
Partner shall be made in U.S. dollars and made in cash or by transfer of immediately-available funds. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph 4.2(a), with respect to the Partnership's initial request 
for capital contributions under this paragraph 4.2, in the event that the sum of the Capital Commitments of 
all Limited Partners that are "benefit plan investors" is such as would make their "equity participation" in 
the Partnership "significant," within the meaning of those terms under U.S. Department of Labor 
Regulation § 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended ("ERISA") (the "DOL Regulations"), then no such Limited Partner shall be required to 
contribute capital to the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement until such time as the General Partner shall 
have delivered to such Limited Partner an opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel shall be 
reasonably acceptable to the Limited Partner) to the effect that the Partnership's first portfolio company 
investment (other than a short-term investment of funds pending long-term commitment) has qualified or 
will qualify upon the funding of each Limited Partner's initial capital contribution as a "venture capital 
investment" within the meaning of the DOL Regulations such that the Partnership will qualify as a "venture 
capital operating company" (a "VCOC') within the meaning of the DOL Regulations (the "VCOC 
Opinion"). In the event that such a Limited Partner has not received the VCOC Opinion prior to the date on 
which any capital contribution would otherwise be due under paragraph 4.2(a), such Limited Partner shall 
pay such capital contribution into an interest-bearing escrow account designated by the General Partner. 
The terms of any such escrow account shall be determined by the General Partner in compliance with 
ERISA (including the principles and conditions indicated in Dept. of Labor Adv. Op. 95-04A), to the extent 
applicable. Upon delivery of the VCOC Opinion, all amounts in the escrow account shall be delivered to 
the Partnership in fulfillment of such Limited Partner's then-outstanding obligations under paragraph 
4.2(a). 
(c) 
The General Partner may, in its sole discretion, return to the Partners all or a 
portion of any capital contribution intended for a proposed investment which is not consummated as 
anticipated pro raw in accordance with their respective capital contributions; provided, however, that such 
returned capital shall be added back to unfunded Capital Commitments pro rata in accordance with the 
percentages in which such returned capital was attributed to the Capital Commitments when such capital 
was called and be subject to recall by the General Partner pursuant to this Article 4. 
(d) 
(i) 
If, in the discretion of the General Partner, Partnership assets are 
insufficient to fulfill any indemnification obligation of the Partnership pursuant to paragraph 15.4 prior to 
the final liquidation of the Partnership, the General Partner may to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
law require each Partner to contribute capital to the Partnership in an amount up to such Partner's unfunded 
Capital Commitment, if any. 
If, in the discretion of the General Partner, Partnership assets remain 
insufficient to fulfill any indemnification obligation of the Partnership pursuant to paragraph 15.4, and 
following the contribution to the Partnership of the maximum amount then permitted by paragraph 4.2(d)(i), 
the General Partner may recall distributions previously made to the Partners solely for the purpose of 
fulfilling or satisfying such an obligation or liability. Such distributions shall be recalled from the Partners 
in the same proportions as the expense (or loss) of the indemnity obligation giving rise to such 
recontribution was allocated to the Partners pursuant to Article 5. In no event shall any Partner be required 
to contribute capital pursuant to this paragraph 4.2(d)(ii) in an amount in excess of the lesser of (1) all 
distributions previously received by the Partner from the Partnership or (2) twenty-five percent (25%) of 
5. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591702
--- PAGE 13 ---
such Partner's Capital Commitment. In no event will the General Partner be permitted to call capital 
pursuant to this paragraph 4.2(d)(ii) in connection with a certain distribution after the earlier of (A) the date 
two (2) years after the Termination Date (or any subsequent date to which the Partnership term has 
previously been extended pursuant to paragraph 10.1) and (B) the date three (3) years after the date of such 
distribution. 
(iii) 
In the event that the Partners are required to return distributions as 
provided in paragraph 4.2(d)(ii) following the final liquidation of the Partnership, paragraph 10.5 shall be 
reapplied to account for the associated indemnification expense and, to the extent that the General Partner 
would have any additional obligation to return capital pursuant to paragraph 10.5 as a result of such 
reapplication (the "Paragraph 10.5 Reapplication Amount"), the proportions in which the Partners bear 
the return obligation pursuant to paragraph 4.2(d)(ii) shall be appropriately adjusted by increasing the 
General Partner's obligation to contribute capital to the Partnership pursuant to paragraph 4.2(d)(ii) by the 
Paragraph 10.5 Reapplication Amount, and reducing the aggregate obligation of the Limited Partners to 
contribute capital pursuant to paragraph 4.2(d)(ii) by a like amount. For the purpose of this paragraph 
4.2(d)(iii) only, the aggregate maximum amount that the General Partner may be required to return to the 
Partnership pursuant to paragraph 10.5 shall not be limited to After-Tax Distribution Amount. 
4.3 
Capital Contributions of the General Partner. 
The General Partner and/or its 
designated Affiliate shall contribute capital to the Partnership, and have a Capital Commitment, in an 
amount equal to at least one percent (1%) of the aggregate Capital Commitments of all Partners, on the 
same schedule and terms under which any Limited Partner makes a contribution. Further, the General 
Partner or its Affiliates, or their respective members, may contribute additional capital to one or more 
Parallel Funds. Each collective capital contribution to be made by the General Partner or its designated 
Affiliate shall be reduced by eighty percent (80%) (such amount being the "Cashless Portion"), provided, 
that the General Partner or its designated Affiliate may elect to contribute its respective portion of such 
collective contribution obligation entirely in cash. Notwithstanding the preceding, for purposes of applying 
all other provisions of this Agreement (other than this paragraph 4.3), the General Partner or its designated 
Affiliate shall be treated as if it had made each capital contribution in full without reduction for any 
Cashless Portion; provided, however, that the Capital Account of the General Partner or its designated 
Affiliate shall not include any Cashless Portion. If a designated Affiliate of the General Partner makes the 
Capital Commitment described in this paragraph 4.3, then the interest so held by the designated Affiliate 
shall be a Limited Partner's interest and treated as an interest held by a Limited Partner for all purposes 
under this Agreement. 
4.4 
Acquisition of an Additional Interest by the General Partner. In the event that the 
General Partner or its designated Affiliate acquires or holds an additional interest in the Partnership with a 
Capital Commitment that exceeds one percent (1%) of the aggregate Capital Commitments of all Partners 
(pursuant to a transfer from another Limited Partner or otherwise), the General Partner shall have two (2) 
Partnership Percentages and two (2) Capital Account balances for purposes of making Partnership 
allocations (including any reallocation of Contingent Losses pursuant to paragraph 5.3), as if such 
additional excess interest were held by a separate entity which is a Limited Partner, although for all other 
purposes the General Partner shall have only one Capital Account. 
4.5 
Noncontributing Partners. 
(a) 
The Partnership shall be entitled to enforce the obligations of each Limited Partner 
to make the contributions to capital set forth in paragraph 4.2, and the Partnership shall have all remedies 
available at law or in equity in the event any such contribution is not so made. If any legal proceedings 
relating to the failure of a Limited Partner to make such a contribution are commenced, such Limited 
6. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591703
--- PAGE 14 ---
Partner shall pay all costs and expenses incurred by the Partnership, including attorneys' fees and expenses, 
in connection with such proceedings. 
(b) 
Additionally, without in any way limiting any remedy which the Partnership may 
pursue pursuant to paragraph 4.5(a), should any Limited Partner fail to make any of the capital 
contributions required of it under this Agreement, such Limited Partner shall be in default. In the event of 
such default, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, elect to enforce one or more of the provisions of 
this paragraph 4.5(b) in connection with such a default, to which each Limited Partner hereby expressly 
consents, provided such default shall have continued uncured for ten (10) or more days after delivery of the 
Default Notice described in the following sentence (after such ten (10)-day period, such Limited Partner 
shall be deemed a "Defaulting Limited Partner"). The General Partner shall deliver written notice to such 
Defaulting Limited Partner in the event that it determines to utilize one or more of the powers set forth in 
this paragraph 4.5(b) (a "Default Notice"). If the default shall have continued uncured for ten (10) or more 
days after delivery of the Default Notice, the Defaulting Limited Partner may not make any additional 
contributions of capital against such Defaulting Limited Partner's Capital Commitment (other than to fund 
Management Fees and other expenses of the Partnership) without the written consent of the General Partner, 
which consent may be granted or denied in the sole discretion of the General Partner. In enforcing any of 
the following provisions of this paragraph 4.5(b) against a Defaulting Limited Partner, the General Partner 
agrees that it shall use commercially reasonable efforts to enforce such provisions against such Defaulting 
Limited Partner in a manner so as to prevent the other non-Defaulting Limited Partners from bearing a net 
economic burden attributable to Management Fees that, absent such default, would be borne by the 
Defaulting Limited Partner if the Defaulting Limited Partner were to retain its interest in the Partnership 
and make capital contributions in respect thereof. 
(i) 
The General Partner may waive, in whole or in part, the requirement of 
payment with respect to any due and unpaid capital contributions by a Defaulting Limited Partner pursuant 
to this Agreement and reduce such Defaulting Limited Partner's Capital Commitment accordingly. 
The General Partner may extend the time of payment for a Defaulting 
Limited Partner of any due and unpaid capital contributions by such Defaulting Limited Partner pursuant to 
this Agreement. 
(iii) 
The General Partner may declare the entire amount of a Defaulting 
Limited Partner's then unfunded Capital Commitment to be immediately due and payable. 
(iv) 
On behalf of the Partnership, the General Partner may enforce, by 
appropriate legal proceedings, the Defaulting Limited Partner's obligation to make payment on the amount 
of any due and unpaid capital contributions by such Defaulting Limited Partner pursuant to this Agreement 
or to pay the entire amount of such Defaulting Limited Partner's then unfunded Capital Commitment. 
(v) 
The Defaulting Limited Partner shall have no right to participate in any 
vote or consent of the Partners required under this Agreement or permitted under the Act and the Capital 
Commitment of such Defaulting Limited Partner shall not be included for purposes of calculating a 
Majority in Interest or other Percentage in Interest of the Limited Partners for purposes of this Agreement. 
(vi) 
Should the General Partner, in its sole discretion, elect to exercise the 
provisions of this paragraph 4.5(b)(vi), such Defaulting Limited Partner shall pay all expenses to be 
incurred or anticipated to be incurred by the Partnership in connection with the default and interest on the 
amount of the contribution to the Partnership then due at the Prime Rate plus one hundred (100) basis points 
per annum (or if less, the highest rate permitted by applicable law), such interest to accrue from the date the 
contribution to the Partnership was required to be made pursuant to this Agreement until the date the 
7. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591704
--- PAGE 15 ---
contribution is made by such Defaulting Limited Partner, unless such payment is waived by the General 
Partner. The accrued interest shall be paid by the Defaulting Limited Partner to the Partnership upon 
payment of such contribution. The accrued interest so paid shall not be treated as an additional contribution 
to the capital of the Partnership, but shall be deemed to be income to the Partnership; provided, however, 
that such income shall not be allocated to the Capital Account of the Defaulting Limited Partner. Until such 
time as the unpaid contribution and accrued interest thereon shall have been paid by the Defaulting Limited 
Partner, the General Partner may elect to withhold any or all distributions to be made to such Defaulting 
Limited Partner pursuant to Article 7 or Article 10 and recover any such unpaid contribution and accrued 
interest thereon by set off against any such distribution withheld. 
(vii) 
Should the General Partner, in its sole discretion, elect to exercise the 
provisions of this paragraph 4.5(b)(vii), the General Partner and the nondefaulting Limited Partners (the 
"Optionees"), shall have the right and the option, but not the obligation, to acquire the Partnership interest 
of the Defaulting Limited Partner (the "Optionor"), as follows: 
(1) 
The General Partner shall notify the Optionees of the default 
within twenty (20) days of the expiration of the ten (10) day notice period commencing upon delivery of the 
Default Notice. Such notice shall advise each Optionee of the portion and the price of the Optionor's 
interest available to it. The portion available to each Optionee shall be a fraction, the numerator of which is 
its Capital Commitment and the denominator of which is the aggregate Capital Commitments of the 
Optionees. The aggregate price for the Optionor's interest shall be the lesser of fifty percent (50%) of (A) 
the amount of the Optionor's Capital Account calculated as of the due date of the additional contribution 
and adjusted to reflect the allocation of the appropriate proportion of the Partnership's unrealized gains and 
losses as of the due date of such defaulted contribution, and (B) the aggregate amount of the Optionor's 
capital contributions actually made less any distributions (valued at their fair market value on the date of 
distribution in accordance with paragraph 12.1) on or prior to such due date. The price for each Optionee 
shall be prorated according to the portion of the Optionor's interest purchased by each such Optionee. The 
option granted hereunder shall be exercisable at any time after the date thirty (30) days following the date of 
the initial notice of default from the General Partner to the Optionor by delivery to the Optionor of a notice 
of exercise of option together with a nonrecourse promissory note for the purchase price and a security 
agreement in accordance with subparagraph (5) below, which notice and documents the General Partner 
shall promptly forward to the Optionor. 
(2) 
Should any Optionee not exercise its option within said thirty (30) 
day period provided in subparagraph (1), the General Partner shall immediately notify the other Optionees 
who have elected to exercise their option, which Optionees shall have the right and option ratably among 
them to acquire the portion of the Optionor's interest not so acquired (the "Remaining Portion") within 
thirty (30) days of the date of the notice specified in this subparagraph (2) on the same terms as provided in 
subparagraph (1). 
(3) 
Any amount of the Remaining Portion not acquired by the 
Optionees pursuant to subparagraph (2) may be acquired by the General Partner within thirty (30) days of 
the expiration of the thirty (30) day period specified in subparagraph (2) on the same terms as set forth in 
subparagraph (1); provided, however, that the General Partner shall not be obligated to make the additional 
contributions otherwise due from the Optionor with respect to the Remaining Portion so acquired. 
(4) 
Any amount of the Remaining Portion not acquired by the 
Optionees and the General Partner pursuant to subparagraphs (2) or (3) may, if the General Partner deems it 
in the best interest of the Partnership, be sold by the General Partner to any other investor, on terms not 
more favorable to such parties than those applicable to the Optionees' option, and upon the consent of the 
8. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591705
--- PAGE 16 ---
General Partner, any such third party purchaser may become a Limited Partner to the extent of the interest 
purchased hereunder. 
(5) 
The price due from each of the General Partner and the Optionees 
(and, if applicable, any third party purchaser pursuant to subparagraph (4)) shall be payable by a noninterest 
bearing, nonrecourse promissory note (in such form as the General Partner shall designate) due upon final 
liquidation of the Partnership. Each such note shall be secured by the portion of the Optionor's Partnership 
interest so purchased by its maker pursuant to a security agreement in a form designated by the General 
Partner and shall be enforceable by the Optionor only against such security. 
(6) 
Upon exercise of any option hereunder, each Optionee (and, if 
applicable, any third party purchaser pursuant to subparagraph (4)) shall be obligated (A) to contribute to 
the Partnership that portion of the additional capital then due from the Optionor equal to the percentage of 
the Optionor's interest purchased by such person and (B) except as otherwise provided in subparagraph (3), 
to pay the same percentage of any further contributions otherwise due from such Optionor on the date such 
contributions are otherwise due. Each person who purchases a portion of the Optionor's Partnership 
interest shall be deemed to have acquired such portion as of the due date of the additional capital 
contribution with respect to which the Optionor defaulted, and any distributions made after the due date on 
account of the Optionor's interest shall be distributed among such purchasers (and, unless the entire interest 
was purchased, the Optionor) in accordance with their ultimate respective interests in the Optionor's 
interest. Distributions otherwise allocable to the Optionor under the preceding sentence shall first be used 
to offset any defaulted contribution of the Optionor still due to the Partnership. Upon completion of any 
transaction hereunder, the General Partner shall cause EXHIBIT A to be amended to reflect all necessary 
changes resulting therefrom including, without limitation, admission of a purchaser as a Limited Partner, 
and adjustment of Capital Account balances, Capital Commitment amounts and Partnership Percentages as 
of the date of Optionor's default to reflect the acquisition from Optionor of the appropriate pro raw portion 
of each such item (including, if applicable, the reduction of aggregate Capital Commitments and resulting 
adjustment of Partnership Percentages in connection with any acquisition of any Remaining Portion by the 
General Partner pursuant to subparagraph (3)). The purchase and transfer of the Partnership interest of the 
Optionor shall occur automatically upon exercise by any Optionee or the General Partner of its option 
hereunder, or by any third-party purchaser pursuant to subparagraph (4), without any action by Optionor. 
(7) 
Notwithstanding the sale of any portion of an Optionor's interest 
pursuant to this paragraph 4.5(b)(vii), such Optionor shall not be released from its unfunded Capital 
Commitment except as actually funded by the acquirer of any such portion of Optionor's interest. 
(8) 
In the event that any amount of the Remaining Portion is not 
acquired by the Optionees, the General Partner and any third party purchasers pursuant to paragraphs 
4.5(b)(vii)(I)-(4), then, in its sole discretion, the General Partner may apply any of the remedies described 
in paragraphs 4.5(a) and (b) to such unsold portion. 
(viii) 
The General Partner may, in its sole discretion, elect to remove such 
Defaulting Limited Partner from the Partnership, in which event (I) fifty percent (50%) of the Defaulting 
Limited Partner's Capital Account balance shall be forfeited and reallocated to the Capital Accounts of the 
nondefaulting Partners proportionally, based on, with respect to each such Partner, the ratio that its 
Partnership Percentage immediately prior to such calculation bears to the aggregate Partnership 
Percentages of all Partners (other than the Defaulting Limited Partner), (2) the remaining fifty percent (50%) 
of the Defaulting Limited Partner's Capital Account balance shall be payable by the Partnership in 
installments over a period of no more than three (3) years from the effective date of the removal of such 
Defaulting Limited Partner pursuant to this paragraph 4.5(b)(viii), and (3) the Defaulting Limited Partner's 
Partnership Percentage shall be reduced to zero. 
9. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591706
--- PAGE 17 ---
(ix) 
The General Partner may, in its sole discretion, elect to use reasonable 
efforts to assist such Defaulting Limited Partner transfer its entire interest in the Partnership. 
(x) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each Limited 
Partner (1) agrees that it will execute any instruments or perform any other acts that are or may be necessary 
to effectuate and carry out the transactions contemplated by this paragraph 4.5, and (2) designates and 
appoints the General Partner its true and lawful attorney, in its name, place and stead, to make, execute, and 
sign any and all instruments, documents, or certificates on behalf of any Defaulting Limited Partner in order 
to give effect to any remedy against such Defaulting Limited Partner (including, but not limited to, the 
remedies set forth in this paragraph 4.5(b)). 
(xi) 
The Partners agree that the General Partner's authority and discretion to 
enforce any remedy against a Defaulting Limited Partner (including but not limited to the remedies set forth 
in this paragraph 4.5(b)) supersede any fiduciary duties of the General Partner to such Defaulting Limited 
Partner. The Partners further agree that the remedies set forth in this paragraph 4.5(b) are fair and 
reasonable in light of the difficulty in ascertaining the actual damages that would be incurred by the 
Partnership and the nondefaulting Partners as a result of the Defaulting Limited Partner's failure to 
contribute capital when due pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
(xii) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph 4.5, a 
Regulated Partner shall not be declared to be in default by the General Partner with respect to any due and 
unpaid capital contributions in the event that such Regulated Partner is entitled to withdraw from the 
Partnership (or the General Partner has requested such withdrawal) pursuant to Article 13 and the failure to 
make such due and unpaid capital contributions is the consequence of or attributable to such withdrawal. 
4.6 
Suspension Period. 
(a) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, no Limited 
Partner shall be required to contribute capital to the Partnership in respect of its Capital Commitment during 
any Suspension Period (as defined in paragraph 4.6(b)) except for: 
(i) 
Partnership expenses, including payment of any Management Fee due to 
the General Partner; 
follow-on investments in portfolio companies in which the Partnership 
had invested prior to commencement of the Suspension Period, so long as the Advisory Committee 
consents to each such follow-on investment; 
(iii) 
investments which the Partnership had committed to make as evidenced 
by a written term sheet prior to commencement of the Suspension Period; and 
(iv) 
fulfillment of such Limited Partner's obligations pursuant to paragraph 
4.2(d). 
(b) 
In the event that either (i) James Fitzgerald or (ii) Andrew McCormack (each, a 
"Managing Member," and together, the "Managing Members") ceases to be a managing member of the 
General Partner, or otherwise ceases to participate in the management of the Partnership or fails to meet his 
obligation to devote his business time to the Partnership to the extent required under paragraphs 8.3(a) or 
8.3(b) (the "Suspension Event'), the Commitment Period shall automatically be suspended and a 
"Suspension Period" shall begin (during which the activities described in paragraph 4.6(a) shall not be 
permitted). 
10. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591707
--- PAGE 18 ---
(c) 
Upon the occurrence of a Suspension Event, the General Partner shall promptly 
notify the Limited Partners of the Suspension Event, and shall promptly circulate a written ballot to the 
Limited Partners which asks the Limited Partners to vote on whether the Commitment Period shall be 
terminated as a result of such Suspension Event, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the Limited 
Partners cast their vote on such ballot. If a Two-Thirds in Interest of the Limited Partners do not 
affirmatively vote to end the Suspension Period within one hundred eighty (180) days of the 
commencement of the Suspension Period, the Commitment Period shall be automatically terminated and 
the Suspension Period shall continue. If a Two-Thirds in Interest of the Limited Partners do affirmatively 
vote to terminate the Suspension Period within one hundred eighty (180) days of the commencement of the 
Suspension Period, then the Suspension Period shall be automatically terminated and the Commitment 
Period shall be reinstated. Notwithstanding the preceding or any other provision of this Agreement to the 
contrary, a Suspension Period may be terminated, and the Commitment Period shall be reinstated, at any 
time upon the affirmative vote of a Two-Thirds in Interest of the Limited Partners. 
ARTICLE 5 
PARTNERSHIP ALLOCATIONS 
5.1 
Allocation of Profit or Loss. Except as otherwise provided in this Article 5: 
(a) 
Profit of the Partnership for each Accounting Period shall be allocated as follows: 
(i) 
First, an amount of the Partnership's gains from the sale of Securities, 
Deemed Gain allocable to the Partners in connection with a distribution or other disposition of Securities, 
and Deemed Gain allocable in connection with a revaluation of Securities for any reason, shall be allocated 
one hundred percent (100%) to the General Partner until the cumulative amount allocated to the General 
Partner pursuant to this paragraph 5.1(a)(i) in such Accounting Period and all prior Accounting Periods is 
equal to the aggregate amount of all Fee Adjustments. 
Second, for so long as the "First Allocation Hurdle" (as defined below) is 
not met, the remaining items of Profit for such Accounting Period shall be allocated to the Partners to cause 
the cumulative allocations made pursuant to paragraphs 5.1(a)(ii) through 5.1(a)(iv) to have been made as 
follows: 
(1) 
Eighty percent (80%) of such Profit to the Capital Accounts of all 
of the Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership Percentages; and 
(2) 
Twenty percent (20%) of such Profit to the Capital Accounts of all 
of the Partners to the extent that such accounts were previously allocated a Contingent Loss that has not 
been restored by previous allocations pursuant to this paragraph. Such Profit shall be allocated to a 
Partner's Capital Account on the basis of the proportion that the unrestored Contingent Losses contained in 
such Partner's Capital Account bears to the aggregate unrestored Contingent Losses contained in all 
Partners' Capital Accounts. Any balance of said twenty percent (20%) of the Partnership's Profit shall be 
allocated to the Capital Account of the General Partner. 
(iii) 
Next, after and to the extent that the First Allocation Hurdle has been met, 
and until the "Second Allocation Hurdle" (as defined below) is met, the remaining items of Profit for such 
Accounting Period shall be allocated to the Partners to cause the cumulative allocations made pursuant to 
paragraphs 5.1(a)(ii) through 5.1(a)(iv) to have been made as follows: 
I I. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591708
--- PAGE 19 ---
(1) 
Seventy-five percent (75%) to the Capital Accounts of all of the 
Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership Percentages; and 
(2) 
Twenty-five percent (25%) to the Capital Accounts of all of the 
Partners to the extent that such accounts were previously allocated a Contingent Loss that has not been 
restored by previous allocations pursuant to this paragraph. Such Profit shall be allocated to a Partner's 
Capital Account on the basis of the proportion that the unrestored Contingent Losses contained in such 
Partner's Capital Account bears to the aggregate unrestored Contingent Losses contained in all Partners' 
Capital Accounts. Any balance of said twenty-five percent (25%) of the Partnership's Profit shall be 
allocated to the Capital Account of the General Partner. 
(iv) 
Next, after and to the extent that the Second Allocation Hurdle is met, the 
remaining items of Profit for such Accounting Period shall be allocated to the Partners to cause the 
cumulative allocations made pursuant to paragraphs 5.1(a)(ii) through 5.1(a)(iv) to have been made as 
follows: 
(1) 
Seventy percent (70%) to the Capital Accounts of all of the 
Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership Percentages; and 
(2) 
Thirty percent (30%) to the Capital Accounts of all of the Partners 
to the extent that such accounts were previously allocated a Contingent Loss that has not been restored by 
previous allocations pursuant to this paragraph. Such Profit shall be allocated to a Partner's Capital 
Account on the basis of the proportion that the unrestored Contingent Losses contained in such Partner's 
Capital Account bears to the aggregate unrestored Contingent Losses contained in all Partners' Capital 
Accounts. Any balance of said thirty percent (30%) of the Partnership's Profit shall be allocated to the 
Capital Account of the General Partner. 
(b) 
Losses of the Partnership for each Accounting Period shall be allocated as follows: 
(i) 
First, to the extent of the Profits allocated pursuant to paragraph 5.1(a)(iv) 
with respect to prior Accounting Periods, items of Loss for such Accounting Period shall be allocated in 
proportion to and in reverse order of such Profit allocations; 
Next, to the extent of the Profits allocated pursuant to paragraph 5.1(a)(iii) 
with respect to prior Accounting Periods, any remaining items of Loss for such Accounting Period shall be 
allocated in proportion to and in reverse order of such Profit allocations; and 
(iii) 
Next, any remaining items of Loss for such Accounting Period shall be 
allocated: (x) twenty percent (20%) to the Capital Account of the General Partner; and (y) eighty percent 
(80%) to the Capital Accounts of all of the Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership 
Percentages. 
For all purposes under this Agreement, the "First Allocation Hurdle" shall be determined as of the time 
that any item of Profit or Loss is to be allocated pursuant to paragraphs 5.1(a)(ii) and 5.1(a)(iii), and shall be 
deemed to have been met to the extent that each Limited Partner has been allocated net Profits pursuant to 
this Article 5 in an amount equal to two hundred percent (200%) of its respective Capital Commitment (as 
defined below) as of such time of determination (i.e., an amount sufficient to enable the Partnership to 
distribute to such Limited Partner an amount equal to three hundred percent (300%) of such Limited 
Partner's Capital Commitment). 
12. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591709
--- PAGE 20 ---
For all purposes under this Agreement, the "Second Allocation Hurdle" shall be determined as of the time 
that any item of Profit or Loss is to be allocated pursuant to paragraphs 5.1(a)(iii) and 5.1(a)(iv), and shall 
be deemed to have been met to the extent that each Limited Partner has been allocated net Profits pursuant 
to this Article 5 in an amount equal to five hundred percent (500%) of its respective Capital Commitment as 
of such time of determination (Le., an amount sufficient to enable the Partnership to distribute to such 
Limited Partner an amount equal to six hundred percent (600%) of such Limited Partner's Capital 
Commitment). 
(c) 
Solely in consideration of the fact that no Management Fee is chargeable in respect 
of the General Partner's Partnership Percentage in the Partnership, items of Loss attributable to the 
Management Fee for each Accounting Period shall not be allocated to the Capital Account of the General 
Partner with respect to its Partnership Percentage. 
5.2 
Allocation of Ordinary Income and Ordinary Loss. Ordinary Income or Ordinary Loss 
of the Partnership for each Accounting Period shall be allocated to the Capital Accounts of all of the 
Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership Percentages. 
5.3 
Reallocation of Contingent Losses. 
(a) 
Except as provided in paragraph 5.3(b), if, for any Accounting Period, after the 
allocations provided in this Article 5 have been made, the balance of the Adjusted Capital Account Balance 
of the General Partner has been reduced to less than the product of the General Partner's Partnership 
Percentage and the sum of the balances of the Adjusted Capital Account Balances of all Partners, an amount 
of the Loss (the "Contingent Loss") allocated to the General Partner for such Accounting Period shall be 
reallocated from the General Partner's Capital Account to all of the Partner's Capital Accounts (in 
proportion to each Partner's respective Partnership Percentage) so that the General Partner's Adjusted 
Capital Account Balance is equal to no less than the product of (I) the sum of the Adjusted Capital 
Account Balances of all Partners and (II) the quotient of (i) the sum of (A) the amount of the General 
Partner's cumulative capital contributions made in cash as of such time plus (B) the aggregate 
allocations of Profit to the General Partner pursuant to paragraph 5.1(a) over (ii) the sum of (X) the 
amount of all of the Partners' capital contributions made in cash as of such time plus (Y) aggregate 
allocations of Profit to the General Partner pursuant to paragraph 5.1(a); provided, that the General 
Partner's Adjusted Capital Account Balance may be less than that amount by the amount, if any, that 
the General Partner would be required to contribute to the Partnership pursuant to either paragraph 
10.5(a) or paragraph 10.5(d) as of such time if all of the assets of the Partnership were sold at such time 
for their Adjusted Asset Values and the proceeds thereof were distributed to the Partners pursuant to 
paragraph 10.4. For purposes of this paragraph 5.3, the General Partner's Adjusted Capital Account shall 
not be deemed to include any amounts attributable to a Limited Partner's interest held by the General 
Partner, but shall be deemed to include any outstanding obligations by the General Partner to contribute 
capital to the Partnership. 
(b) 
The amount of Contingent Loss that would otherwise be reallocated from the 
General Partner's Adjusted Capital Account under paragraph 5.3(a) shall instead be allocated to the General 
Partner's Adjusted Capital Account until allocations of loss to the General Partner's Adjusted Capital 
Account pursuant to this paragraph 5.3(b) equal the amount of distributions, if any, that the General Partner 
would have to return to the Partnership under paragraph 10.5 if the Partnership were then in liquidation. 
5.4 
Special Allocations. To the extent the Partnership has taxable interest income or expense 
with respect to any promissory note between any Partner and the Partnership as holder and maker or maker 
and holder pursuant to Section 483, Sections 1271 through 1288, or Section 7872 of the Code, such interest 
13. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591710
--- PAGE 21 ---
income or expense shall be specially allocated to the Partner to whom such promissory note relates, and 
such Partner's Capital Account adjusted if appropriate. 
5.5 
Regulatory Allocations. 
(a) 
This Agreement is intended to comply with the safe harbor provisions set forth in 
Treasury Regulation 1.704-1(b) and the allocations set forth in paragraph 5.5(b) (the "Regulatory 
Allocations") are intended to comply with certain requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b). 
In the event the Regulatory Allocations result in allocations being made that are inconsistent with the 
manner in which the Partners intend to divide Partnership Profit and Loss as reflected in paragraphs 5.1, 5.2, 
5.3 and 5.4, the General Partner shall use its reasonable best efforts to adjust subsequent allocations of any 
items of gain, loss, income, deduction, or expense such that the net amount of the Regulatory Allocations 
and such subsequent special adjustments to each Partner is zero. 
(b) 
The allocations provided in this Article 5 shall be subject to the following 
exceptions: 
(i) 
Any loss or expense otherwise allocable to a Limited Partner which 
exceeds the positive balance in such Limited Partner's Capital Account shall instead be allocated first to all 
Partners who have positive balances in their Capital Accounts in proportion to their respective Partnership 
Percentages, and when all Partners' Capital Accounts have been reduced to zero, then to the General 
Partner; income shall first be allocated to reverse any loss or expense allocated under this paragraph 
5.5(b)(i), in reverse order of such loss or expense allocations, until all such prior loss or expense allocations 
have been reversed. 
In the event any Limited Partner unexpectedly receives any adjustments, 
allocations, or distributions described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4) through (d)(6), 
which causes or increases a deficit balance in such Limited Partner's Capital Account, items of Partnership 
income and gain shall be specially allocated to such Limited Partner in an amount and manner sufficient to 
eliminate the deficit balance in its Capital Account created by such adjustments, allocations, or distributions 
as quickly as possible. 
(iii) 
For purposes of this paragraph 5.5(b), the balance in a Partner's Capital 
Account shall take into account the adjustments provided in Treasury Regulation Section 
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4) through (d)(6). 
(c) 
If additional persons are admitted to the Partnership as Limited Partners 
subsequent to the date hereof (or existing Limited Partners increase their Capital Commitments), then 
organizational costs, fees (including the Management Fee set forth in paragraph 6.1) and expenses, and 
individual items of Ordinary Income, Ordinary Loss, Profit and Loss of the Partnership that are allocated to 
the Partners on or after the effective date of such admission (or increase), shall be allocated first to such new 
Partners (or such existing Limited Partners that increased their Capital Commitments) to the extent 
necessary to cause such persons to be treated with respect to such items as if they had been Partners (or had 
such increased Capital Commitments) from the date hereof. 
5.6 
Income Tax Allocations. 
(a) 
Except as otherwise provided in this paragraph or as otherwise required by the 
Code and the rules and Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, a Partner's distributive share of 
Partnership income, gain, loss, deduction, or expense for income tax purposes shall be the same as is 
entered in the Partner's Capital Account pursuant to this Agreement. 
14. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591711
--- PAGE 22 ---
(b) 
In accordance with Code Section 704(c) and the Treasury Regulations thereunder, 
income, gain, loss, deduction, and expense with respect to any asset contributed to the capital of the 
Partnership shall, solely for tax purposes, be allocated among the Partners so as to take account of any 
variation between the adjusted basis of such property to the Partnership for federal income tax purposes and 
its initial Adjusted Asset Value. 
(c) 
In the event the Adjusted Asset Value of any Partnership asset is adjusted pursuant 
to the terms of this Agreement, subsequent allocations of income, gain, loss, deduction, and expense with 
respect to such asset shall take account of any variation between the adjusted basis of such asset for federal 
income tax purposes and its Adjusted Asset Value in the same manner as under Code Section 704(c) and the 
Treasury Regulations thereunder. 
ARTICLE 6 
MANAGEMENT FEE; PARTNERSHIP EXPENSES 
6.1 
Management Fee. 
(a) 
Commencing as of the Commencement Date, the Management Company shall be 
compensated on a quarterly basis for services rendered to the Partnership by the payment in advance by the 
Partnership in cash to the General Partner (or its designated Affiliate that makes the capital contributions 
referenced in paragraph 4.3) on the first day of each fiscal quarter (or any applicable partial fiscal quarter, 
including without limitation, a partial fiscal quarter commencing as of the Commencement Date) of a 
management fee (the "Management Fee"). No Management Fee will be chargeable in respect of the 
interest in the Partnership held by the General Partner or its designated Affiliate attributable to a Partnership 
Percentage. 
(b) 
The Management Fee for each fiscal quarter (prior to the adjustments described in 
paragraph 6.1(c)) shall be an amount equal to the aggregate Capital Commitments made by the Limited 
Partners as of the first day of each such quarter multiplied by 0.625% (the percentage applicable for any 
period referred to herein as the "Management Fee Percentage"); provided, that the Management Company 
hereby irrevocably waives an aggregate amount of the Management Fee equal to 80% of the General 
Partner's Capital Commitment, with reductions in the Management Fee to be applied as set forth in 
paragraph 6.1(c)(ii). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Management Fee for each of the Partnership's 
first and last fiscal quarters shall be proportionately reduced based upon the ratio that the number of days in 
each such period bears to ninety (90), (ii) an additional Management Fee shall be payable upon the date of 
admission of any Limited Partner (or increase in an existing Limited Partner's Capital Commitment) 
subsequent to the date hereof to reflect the increased Capital Commitments calculated as if such Limited 
Partner had been admitted to the Partnership (or had such increased Capital Commitment) as of the date 
hereof, and (iii) for each fiscal year commencing on or after the fifth anniversary of the Commencement 
Date, the Management Fee Percentage applicable in fiscal quarters during such fiscal year (prior to the 
adjustments described in paragraph 6.1(c)) shall be equal to the greater of (A) the quarterly Management 
Fee Percentage applicable in the prior fiscal year reduced by an amount equal to 0.025% or (B) 0.375%. 
(c) 
The Management Fee otherwise payable by the Partnership to the Management 
Company pursuant to paragraph 6.1(a) for a fiscal quarter shall be offset (in the following order of 
application): 
(i) 
First, by one hundred percent (100%) of the amount of any cash or 
non-cash compensation in the form of stock, options, warrants or other similar rights (net of the amount 
paid for any such stock or securities) paid as directors, consulting, management service, advisory, 
15. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591712
--- PAGE 23 ---
consultant, transaction, commitment, breakup or broken deal fees or similar fees to the General Partner, the 
Management Company, or the respective managing members or managers of such entities, during the 
immediately preceding quarter by or in connection with any company in which the Partnership holds an 
investment or any company in which the Partnership actively sought to invest but did not, net of any 
unreimbursed expenses of the General Partner or the Management Company, or the managing members or 
managers of such entities, and as adjusted for any similar reductions with respect to any Parallel Fund or 
any "Prior Fund", on a pro rata basis based on the aggregate capital commitments made to the applicable 
Parallel Funds and Prior Funds, to prevent double counting; provided, however, any reduction pursuant to 
this paragraph 6.1(c)(i) in connection with any cash or non-cash compensation paid to any such parties by a 
company in which an "Affiliated Party" (as defined below) or a member, employee or Affiliate thereof 
holds an investment as of the date hereof shall be limited to the amount directly attributable to the 
Partnership's actual investment in such company (taking into account of any proration due to the 
investments of any Parallel Fund or Prior Fund); and 
Next, by an equal portion (measured over all quarterly periods during the 
Partnership's Commitment Period and as adjusted for any increase in the Capital Commitment of the 
General Partner or its designated Affiliate) of the aggregate amount of the Management Fee waived by the 
Management Company pursuant to paragraph 6.1(b) (the amount of each such reduction being a "Fee 
Adjustment"). 
In the event the offsets required by this paragraph 6.1(c) for a fiscal quarter exceed the Management Fee 
payable for such fiscal quarter, the amount of such excess shall be offset against the Management Fee 
otherwise payable in subsequent fiscal quarters until there has been a full reduction of Management Fees 
with respect to amounts described in this paragraph 6.1(c). In the event that there are insufficient 
Management Fees payable such that the foregoing offset amounts are unable to be completely exhausted by 
the time of the Partnership's final distribution pursuant to paragraph 10.4, then the General Partner shall, 
immediately prior to the Partnership's final distribution, return any such unexhausted offset amount to the 
Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership Percentages; provided, however, that any Limited 
Partner may elect, by advance written notice to the General Partner, to refrain from being allocated, and 
from having distributed to it, its portion of such returned offset amount. 
(d) 
Solely for purposes of determining the value of any stock, options, warrants or 
other similar rights that may offset the Management Fee as described in paragraph 6.1(c)(i), the following 
rules shall apply: 
(i) 
All non-cash compensation in the form of stock received by any of the 
General Partner, the Management Company, or the managing members or managers of such entities shall 
be valued as of the time of receipt in accordance with the rules set forth in paragraph 12.1. 
All non-cash compensation in the form of options, warrants or other 
similar rights received by any of the parties shall be valued, in accordance with the rules set forth in 
paragraph 12.1, upon the earliest to occur of (a) the distribution to the Partners of any Securities underlying 
such options, warrants or other similar rights, (b) the conversion of such options, warrants or other similar 
rights into cash, (c) the date on which the Securities underlying such options, warrants or other similar 
rights become Marketable Securities (to the extent such options are exercisable at such time) or (d) the date 
that is, in the General Partner's reasonable estimation, one year prior to the date of dissolution of the 
Partnership. The value of options, warrants or other similar rights shall be, on a per share basis, the 
difference, as of the valuation date, between the exercise price and the fair market value of the securities on 
such date. No value shall be attributable to options, warrants or other similar rights if the applicable 
securities are of a portfolio company that has been written off or written down to a nominal amount as of the 
valuation date. 
16. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591713
--- PAGE 24 ---
6.2 
Expenses. 
(a) 
From the Management Fee, the Management Company and the General Partner 
shall bear all normal operating expenses incurred in connection with the management of the Partnership, the 
General Partner and the Management Company, except for those expenses borne directly by the Partnership 
as set forth in subparagraphs (b), (c) and (d) below and elsewhere herein. Such normal operating expenses 
to be borne by the General Partner (or its designee) shall include, without limitation, expenditures on 
account of salaries, wages, travel, entertainment, and other expenses of employees, consultants and agents 
of the Partnership (other than consultants employed with respect to investments or proposed investments), 
the General Partner or the Management Company, overhead and rentals payable for space used by the 
General Partner (or its designee) or the Partnership, office expenses, expenses for clerical and consulting 
services, and expenses incurred in evaluating investment opportunities and managing investments of the 
Partnership. 
(b) 
The Partnership shall bear all costs and expenses incurred by the General Partner 
and/or the Management Company in connection with the following: 
(i) 
Expenses incurred in the holding, purchase, sale or exchange of Securities 
(whether or not ultimately consummated), including, but not by way of limitation, private placement fees, 
finder's fees, interest on borrowed money, real property or personal property taxes on investments 
(including documentary, recording, stamp and transfer taxes), brokerage fees or commissions, legal fees, 
expenses incurred in performing due diligence with respect to a purchase, sale or exchange of Securities 
(whether or not ultimately consummated), consulting fees relating to investments or proposed investments; 
and 
Expenses incurred in connection with the investigation, prosecution or 
defense of any claims by or against the Partnership, including claims by or against a governmental authority, 
audit and accounting fees, taxes applicable to the Partnership on account of its operations, fees incurred in 
connection with the maintenance of bank or custodian accounts, and all expenses incurred in connection 
with the registration of the Partnership's Securities under applicable securities laws or regulations, 
expenses incurred by the General Partner in serving as the tax matters partner (as described in paragraph 
11.6), the Management Fee, the cost of liability and other premiums for insurance protecting the 
Partnership, the General Partner, its managers, and the Management Company and its managers and 
employees from liability to third parties that relates to the Partnership and its activities and investments, all 
out-of-pocket expenses of preparing and distributing reports to Partners, expenses associated with 
Partnership communications with Partners, including preparation of annual or other reports to the Limited 
Partners, out-of-pocket costs associated with Partnership meetings, all legal, audit and accounting fees 
relating to the Partnership and its activities (including, without limitation, for third party bookkeeping 
services), all costs and expenses arising out of the Partnership's indemnification obligation pursuant to this 
Agreement, and all expenses that are not normal operating expenses. 
(c) 
The Partnership shall bear all organizational and syndication costs, fees, and 
expenses incurred by or on behalf of the General Partner in connection with the formation and organization 
of the Partnership and the General Partner, including legal and accounting fees and expenses incident 
thereto (but not including any private placement fees, finder's fees or other similar fees paid to an 
independent third party in connection with the sale of interests in the Partnership); provided, however, that 
the amount of such costs, fees and expenses that are borne by the Partnership shall not exceed in the 
aggregate five hundred thousand dollars ($500,000). 
17. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591714
--- PAGE 25 ---
(d) 
The Partnership shall bear all liquidation costs, fees, and expenses incurred by the 
General Partner (or its designee) in connection with the liquidation of the Partnership at the end of the 
Partnership's term, specifically including but not limited to legal and accounting fees and expenses. 
(e) 
Each of the Partnership and the General Partner agree to reimburse the other as 
appropriate to give effect to the provisions of this paragraph 6.2 in the event that either such party pays an 
obligation that is properly the responsibility of the other. 
ARTICLE 7 
WITHDRAWALS BY AND DISTRIBUTIONS TO THE PARTNERS 
7.1 
Interest. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no interest shall be paid to any 
Partner on account of its interest in the capital of or on account of its investment in the Partnership. 
7.2 
Withdrawals by the Partners. No Partner may withdraw any amount from its Capital 
Account unless such withdrawal is made pursuant to this Article 7, Article 10 or Article 13. 
7.3 
Partners' Obligation to Repay or Restore. Except as required by law or the terms of this 
Agreement, no Limited Partner shall be obligated at any time to repay or restore to the Partnership all or any 
part of any distribution made to it from the Partnership in accordance with the terms of this Article 7. 
7.4 
Mandatory Distributions. 
(a) 
The General Partner may cause each Partner to be paid in cash, following the end 
of each fiscal year during the term of the Partnership, an amount equal to the net taxable income allocated to 
such Partner as a result of such Partner's ownership of an interest in the Partnership for the current fiscal 
year multiplied by the highest blended federal, state and local marginal income tax rate then applicable to an 
individual residing in any state of the United States applied by taking into account the character of the 
taxable income in question (i.e., long-term capital gains, ordinary income, etc.) (such product, such 
Partner's "Annual Tar Amounr); provided, however, that the General Partner shall not be required to 
make any such distribution if the total amount to be distributed to all Partners is less than one million dollars 
($1,000,000); provided, further, that for each fiscal year the amount distributed to any Partner pursuant to 
this paragraph 7.4(a) shall not exceed the amount by which (A) such Partner's cumulative aggregate Annual 
Tax Amounts for such fiscal year and all prior fiscal years exceeds (B) the cumulative aggregate cash 
distributions made to such Partner pursuant to paragraphs 7.4(a) and 7.5 through the end of such fiscal year 
(and including all prior fiscal years). The provisions of this paragraph 7.4 shall apply equally to all Partners, 
without regard to their tax-exempt status under the Code. 
(b) 
Subject to the maintenance of reasonable cash reserves (as determined and 
established at the discretion of the General Partner), within ninety (90) days of the end of each fiscal year, 
the General Partner shall distribute, in cash, to all Partners in proportion to their Partnership Percentages, an 
amount equal to the amount of net Ordinary Income, if any, allocated to each Partner's Capital Account 
during such fiscal year. 
7.5 
Discretionary Distributions and Rules Regarding Distributions. 
(a) 
Except as otherwise provided in paragraph 7.5(g), the General Partner may make a 
distribution of cash or Marketable Securities as follows. 
18. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591715
--- PAGE 26 ---
(i) 
First, to the Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership 
Percentages such that each such Partner has received distributions pursuant to paragraph 7.4 and this 
paragraph 7.5(a)(i) in an amount equal to (but not greater than) such Partner's aggregate capital 
contributions (including the amount of all Fee Adjustments in the case of the General Partner), less the net 
Ordinary Losses, if any, previously allocated to such Partner pursuant to paragraph 5.2 (all measured as of 
the time the distribution is to be made); 
Second, until the cumulative amount distributed to each Limited Partner 
pursuant to paragraph 7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) is equal to three hundred percent (300%) of such 
Limited Partner's Capital Commitment as of the date of such distribution, such distribution shall be made to 
the Partners in the proportions necessary to cause cumulative distributions made pursuant to paragraph 
7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) (other than distributions made pursuant to paragraph 7.5(a)(i)) to have been 
made: (1) eighty percent (80%) to all Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership Percentages and 
(2) twenty percent (20%) to the General Partner; 
(iii) 
Third, to the extent that the cumulative amount distributed to each Limited 
Partner pursuant to paragraph 7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) exceeds three hundred percent (300%) of 
such Limited Partner's Capital Commitment as of the date of such distribution, such distribution shall be 
made one hundred percent (100%) to the General Partner until the General Partner has received aggregate 
distributions made pursuant to paragraph 7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) (other than distributions made 
pursuant to paragraph 7.5(a)(i)) equal to twenty-five percent (25%) of the cumulative distributions made 
pursuant to paragraph 7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) (other than distributions made pursuant to paragraph 
7.5(a)(i)); 
(iv) 
Fourth, until the cumulative amount distributed to each Limited Partner 
pursuant to paragraph 7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) is equal to six hundred percent (600%) of such 
Limited Partner's Capital Commitment as of the date of such distribution, such distribution shall be made to 
the Partners in the proportions necessary to cause cumulative distributions made pursuant to paragraph 
7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) (other than distributions made pursuant to paragraph 7.5(a)(i)) to have been 
made: (1) seventy-five percent (75%) to all Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership 
Percentages and (2) twenty-five percent (25%) to the General Partner; 
(v) 
Fifth, to the extent that the cumulative amount distributed to each Limited 
Partner pursuant to paragraph 7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) exceeds to six hundred percent (600%) of 
such Limited Partner's Capital Commitment as of the date of such distribution, such distribution shall be 
made one hundred percent (100%) to the General Partner until the General Partner has received aggregate 
distributions made pursuant to paragraph 7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) (other than distributions made 
pursuant to paragraph 7.5(a)(i)) equal to thirty percent (30%) of the cumulative distributions made pursuant 
to paragraph 7.4(a) and this paragraph 7.5(a) (other than distributions made pursuant to paragraph 7.5(a)(i)); 
and 
(vi) 
Sixth, such distribution shall be made: (1) seventy percent (70%) to all 
Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership Percentages and (2) thirty percent (30%) to the 
General Partner. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph 7.5(a), the General Partner may at any time waive a 
distribution of cash or Marketable Securities that would otherwise be made to it pursuant to paragraphs 
7.5(a)(ii) through 7.5(a)(vi) and instead make such distribution one hundred percent (100%) to all Partners 
in accordance with their respective Partnership Percentages; provided, however, that the Partnership may 
make subsequent distributions of cash to the General Partner to the extent of any such waived distribution at 
such times as the General Partner shall determine. 
19. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591716
--- PAGE 27 ---
(c) 
Whenever more than one type of Marketable Securities is being distributed in kind 
in a single distribution or whenever more than one class of Marketable Securities of a portfolio company (or 
a portion of a class of such Marketable Securities having a tax basis per share or unit different from other 
portions of such class) are distributed in kind by the Partnership, each Partner shall receive its ratable 
portion of each type, class or portion of such class of Marketable Securities distributed in kind (except to the 
extent that a disproportionate distribution is necessary to avoid distributing fractional shares). 
(d) 
Marketable Securities distributed in kind pursuant to this paragraph 7.5, or 
Securities distributed pursuant to paragraph 10.4, shall be subject to such conditions and restrictions as the 
General Partner determines are legally required or appropriate. Whenever types or classes of Securities are 
distributed in kind, each Partner shall receive its ratable portion of each type or class of Securities 
distributed in kind. 
(e) 
Immediately prior to any distribution in kind, the Deemed Gain or Deemed Loss of 
any Marketable Securities distributed pursuant to this paragraph 7.5, or Securities distributed pursuant to 
paragraph 10.4, shall be allocated to the Capital Accounts of all Partners as Profit or Loss pursuant to 
Article 5. 
(f) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event the 
Partnership distributes to the Partners any Marketable Securities or cash proceeds from the sale or other 
disposition of Securities or other property of the Partnership within one hundred eighty (180) days of the 
date the Partnership acquired the Securities of the applicable portfolio company, a portion of the distributed 
capital that represents the Partnership's original cost basis of such Securities shall be added back to the 
unfunded Capital Commitments of the Partners pro rata in accordance with the percentages in which the 
capital contributed to purchase such Securities of the applicable portfolio company and each Partner may be 
required to recontribute capital on the terms set forth in paragraph 4.2 to the Partnership an amount equal to 
the product of: (x) such Partner's Partnership Percentage; and (y) the Partnership's original cost basis of the 
Securities being distributed or which were sold or otherwise disposed of in connection with such 
distribution. 
(g) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this paragraph 7.5, no 
distribution shall be made to the General Partner to the extent it would create or increase a deficit in its 
Capital Account; provided, however, that the General Partner shall be entitled to receive a special 
distribution in an amount equal to the amount of any distribution otherwise foregone pursuant to this 
paragraph 7.5(g), to the extent that such special distribution would not create or increase a deficit in the 
General Partner's Capital Account. 
(h) 
All distributions of cash to be made by the Partnership, pursuant to paragraphs 7.4 
or 7.5 or otherwise, shall be made in U.S. dollars. 
7.6 
Withholding Obligations. 
(a) 
If and to the extent the Partnership is required by law (as determined in good faith 
by the General Partner) to make payments ("Tax Payments") with respect to any Partner in amounts 
required to discharge any legal obligation of the Partnership or the General Partner, including any 
obligation pursuant to FATCA, to make payments to any governmental authority with respect to any federal, 
state or local tax liability of such Partner arising as a result of such Partner's interest in the Partnership, then 
the amount of any such Tax Payments shall be deemed to be a loan by the Partnership to such Partner, 
which loan shall: (i) be secured by such Partner's interest in the Partnership; (ii) bear interest at the Prime 
Rate (as defined in paragraph 14.15); and (iii) be payable upon demand; provided, however, that the 
General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Partners notice of the amount of 
20. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591717
--- PAGE 28 ---
any anticipated Tax Payments in advance of the Partnership's payment thereof and will, upon written 
request from any Partner, allow such requesting Partner to pay the Partnership an amount of cash equal to 
the amount of such Tax Payments in lieu of treating any such Tax Payment as a loan. Each Limited Partner 
will, as applicable, take such actions as are required to establish to the reasonable satisfaction of the General 
Partner that the Limited Partner is (i) not subject to the withholding tax obligations imposed by Section 
1471 of the Code and (ii) not subject to the withholding tax obligations imposed by Section 1472 of the 
Code. In addition, each Limited Partner will assist the Partnership and the General Partner with any 
applicable information reporting or other obligation imposed on the Partnership, the General Partner, or 
their respective Affiliates, pursuant to FATCA. For purposes of this Agreement, "FATCA" shall mean the 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions enacted as part of the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act and codified in Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, all rules, regulations and other 
guidance issued thereunder, and all administrative and judicial interpretations thereof. 
(b) 
If and to the extent the General Partner determines that the Partnership is required 
to make any Tax Payments with respect to any distribution to a Partner, (i) the General Partner shall use 
commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Partner advance notice of the amount of such anticipated 
Tax Payments and (ii) either (A) such Partner's proportionate share of such distribution shall be reduced by 
the amount of such Tax Payments (provided, however, that such Partner's Capital Account shall be adjusted 
pursuant to paragraph 14.5 for such Partner's full proportionate share of the distribution), or (B) such 
Partner shall pay to the Partnership prior to such distribution an amount of cash equal to such Tax Payments. 
In the event a portion of a distribution in kind is retained by the Partnership pursuant to clause (A), such 
retained Securities may, in the discretion of the General Partner, either (i) be distributed to the Partners in 
accordance with the terms of this Article 7 including this paragraph 7.6(b), or (ii) be sold by the Partnership 
to generate the cash necessary to satisfy such Tax Payments. If the Securities are sold, then for purposes of 
income tax allocations only under this Agreement, any gain or loss on such sale or exchange shall be 
allocated to the Partner to whom the Tax Payments relate. 
(c) 
If the Partnership is required to withhold taxes pursuant to this paragraph 7.6 with 
respect to any Limited Partner or if any tax is required to be withheld on amounts receivable by the 
Partnership (including any tax required to be withheld by another party paying proceeds to the Partnership) 
and is attributable to any Limited Partner, the General Partner shall upon request by such Limited Partner 
use commercially reasonable efforts to provide any Limited Partner with such information and assistance as 
is reasonably necessary for such Limited Partner to obtain an exemption from or refund of such withheld 
amounts. 
ARTICLE 8 
MANAGEMENT DUTIES AND RESTRICTIONS 
8.1 
Management. The General Partner shall have the sole and exclusive right to manage, 
control, and conduct the affairs of the Partnership and to do any and all acts on behalf of the Partnership, 
including exercise of rights to elect to adjust the tax basis of Partnership assets and to revoke such elections 
and to make such other tax elections as the General Partner shall deem appropriate. The General Partner is 
hereby authorized to enter, by itself or on behalf of the Partnership, into an agreement with Valar Ventures 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company or another entity beneficially owned by the Managing Members 
and a Thiel Person (the "Management Company") for the provision of certain management, administrative, 
operational and other services with the respect to the Partnership on terms to be determined and agreed to by 
the General Partner, provided, however, that the General Partner shall remain ultimately responsible for the 
overall management of the Partnership and for its duties and responsibilities hereunder; provided, further, 
that any such agreement that the Partnership enters with an Affiliate of the General Partner shall be on terms 
21. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591718
--- PAGE 29 ---
that are no less favorable to the Partnership than the terms that would be obtained from an independent 
third-party acting at arms' length. 
8.2 
No Control by the Limited Partners; No Withdrawal. No Limited Partner shall take 
part in the control or management of the affairs of the Partnership nor shall any Limited Partner have any 
authority to act for or on behalf of the Partnership or to vote on any matter relative to the Partnership and its 
affairs except as is specifically permitted by this Agreement. Except as specifically set forth in this 
Agreement, no Limited Partner shall withdraw or be required to withdraw from the Partnership. 
8.3 
Existing Funds; Follow-On Funds; Parallel Funds. 
(a) 
Before the Successor Fund Eligible Date (as defined in paragraph 8.3(b) below), 
each of the Managing Members, for so long as they are managing members of the General Partner, shall 
devote substantially all of his business time to manage the affairs of the Management Company, the 
General Partner, the Partnership, the "Parallel Funds" (as defined below), and the "Prior Funds" (as defined 
below), those entities formed for the purpose of managing the foregoing, or any portfolio company or 
potential portfolio company of any of the foregoing or other entity invested in by the Partnership (which 
may include being seconded to a portfolio company or potential portfolio company or other entity invested 
in by the Partnership or a Prior Fund for such period of time as the General Partner determines, in good faith, 
may benefit the Partnership or such Prior Fund, as applicable). From and after the Successor Fund Eligible 
Date, each of the Managing Members, for so long as they are managing members of the General Partner, 
shall only be required to devote such business time as they reasonably and in good faith deem to be 
appropriate to manage the affairs of the Management Company, the General Partner, the Partnership, the 
Parallel Funds and the other aforementioned entities. 
Subject to the foregoing, the General Partner, the Management Company, the Managing Members, and 
their respective affiliates, members and employees may: 
(i) 
Engage in or own an interest in any other business, partnership, limited 
liability company, limited liability partnership, corporation or other entity or association (including, 
without limitation, buying and selling securities for their own accounts and the accounts of Prior Funds and 
other investment vehicles, but subject in any event to the provisions of paragraph 8.4); 
(ii) 
Continue to act as managers, members, employees, or consultants to Valar 
Global Fund I LP, Valar Global Principals Fund I LP, Valar Global Fund II LP, Valar Global Principals 
Fund II LP, Valar Ventures LP, VV Global LP, VV Global Principals LP, Valar Co-Invest I LP, and VV 
Xero Holdings LLC and to other entities affiliated therewith (collectively, the "Prior Funds"); 
(iii) 
Form and operate one (1) or more successor venture capital investment 
funds whose purpose is substantially the same as the Partnership's purpose (each, a "Successor Fund"), 
subject to the first sentence of paragraph 8.3(b); and/or 
(iv) 
Form and operate one or more Parallel Funds (as defined in paragraph 
8.3(c)). 
(b) 
On or after the earlier of (i) such time as at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the 
Partnership's Committed Capital has been invested, committed or reserved for investment in portfolio 
companies, or applied, committed or reserved for Partnership working capital or expenses, or (ii) the end of 
the Commitment Period (such earlier time, the "Successor Fund Eligible Date"), the Managing Members 
shall only be required to devote such business time to the Partnership as they deem to be appropriate (acting 
reasonably and in good faith) and may, at their sole and absolute discretion, form and operate one or more 
22. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591719
--- PAGE 30 ---
Successor Funds. In addition, the General Partner, the Managing Members and/or their Affiliates may, at 
any time, form, operate and devote such business time as is reasonably necessary to the management of one 
or more "Special Purpose Investment Funds" described in paragraph 8.4(a). 
(c) 
Pursuant to paragraph 8.3(a)(iv), the General Partner and the Managing Members 
may form and serve as general partner (or in a similar management role) of (i) one or more entities 
organized to accommodate the capital investment of the members of the General Partner and the 
Management Company and their employees or consultants and their respective families, and of other 
persons having strategic or other important relationships with the Partnership (each, an "Affiliates Fund"), 
and (ii) one or more investment partnerships or similar entities to accommodate the tax, regulatory or other 
special needs of investors who otherwise would invest as Limited Partners of the Partnership (together with 
any Affiliates Fund, the "Parallel Funds"). Each Parallel Fund (other than an Affiliates Fund) shall be 
governed by a limited partnership agreement (or other similar constitutive document) whose terms are 
substantially the same as this Agreement (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Affiliates Fund may have 
different economic terms than the Partnership (including, without limitation, a reduced or waived 
management fee and/or carried interest in profits payable to its general partner or manager)). In the event 
that any Parallel Fund is formed, upon each purchase of Securities (other than short-term obligations such 
as money market instruments) by the Partnership, each Parallel Fund will simultaneously invest on the 
same terms as the Partnership pro raw in accordance with the remaining available capital of each such fund, 
and reflecting the reserve policies for each such fund (e.g. because Affiliate Funds may not charge 
management fees and thus may not reserve for them); provided, however, that a Parallel Fund shall not be 
required to make any such investment in a Security if the General Partner receives from the issuer thereof a 
written notice to the effect that the issuer will not permit such Parallel Fund to invest on the same terms as 
the Partnership or such investment would be prohibited by the terms of the governing agreement of such 
Parallel Fund. Each Parallel Fund shall also dispose of each such Security at substantially the same time 
and on substantially the same terms as the Partnership; provided, however, that the foregoing requirement 
shall not apply with respect to dispositions of Securities made in connection with the liquidation of the 
Partnership or a Parallel Fund; provided, further, that a Parallel Fund shall not be required to make any such 
divestment of a Security if the General Partner receives from the issuer thereof a written notice to the effect 
that the issuer will not permit such Parallel Fund to dispose of such Security on the same terms as the 
Partnership or such divestment would be prohibited by the terms of the governing agreement of such 
Parallel Fund. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, except as provided 
in paragraph 10.3(b), in no event shall the General Partner cause or permit the Partnership, or any Parallel 
Fund to make or dispose of an investment, or make a distribution of cash or property to the Partners, other 
than on a pari passu basis with all other such funds based on their respective amounts of committed capital 
from equityholders (determined as of all capital commitments were made at the same time). Each of the 
Limited Partners hereby consents and agrees to the foregoing activities and investments and further 
consents and agrees that neither the Partnership nor any of its Partners shall have any rights in or to such 
activities or investments, or any profits derived therefrom. 
8.4 
Investment Opportunities and Conflicts of Interest. 
(a) 
Each opportunity to invest at least one hundred fifty thousand dollars ($150,000) 
into a company that is presented to the Managing Members, for so long as they are managing members of 
the General Partner, and that otherwise meets the investment objectives of the Partnership (e.g., the 
potential investment is sufficiently large, the potential investment is not expected to require an inordinate 
portion of the Partnership's capital, the company is at an appropriate stage of development, the Partnership 
has sufficient capital available at the time the investment is to be made, etc.), shall be offered to the 
Partnership and each Parallel Fund in proportion to their relative available capital (measured as of the time 
of such presentation); provided, however, that (i) the preceding restriction shall only apply from and after 
the Commencement Date until the earlier of the end of the Commitment Period or the time at which a 
23. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591720
--- PAGE 31 ---
Successor Fund may be formed pursuant to the first sentence of paragraph 8.3(b) and (ii) any such 
opportunities may be allocated in whole to the Prior Funds, or such opportunities may be allocated partially 
to the Partnership and the Parallel Funds and partially to the Prior Funds, until the Prior Funds have been 
fully invested and reserved for follow-on investments and expenses, as determined by the General Partner 
in its sole and absolute discretion. In furtherance of the foregoing, from and after the Commencement Date 
until the earlier of the end of the Commitment Period or the time at which a Successor Fund may be formed 
pursuant to the first sentence of paragraph 8.3(b), each of the General Partner and the Management 
Company shall require that the Managing Members and managers of such entities shall promptly present to 
the General Partner each investment opportunity that is presented to them and that is consistent with the 
investment objectives of the Partnership as described in this paragraph 8.4(a). 
Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this paragraph 8.4(a) or any other provision of this 
Agreement to the contrary, the restrictions described in this paragraph 8.4(a) shall not apply to the 
participation of any Affiliated Party in any investment opportunity with respect to which: (i) the applicable 
Affiliated Party's participation has been approved by the Advisory Committee; (ii) the applicable Affiliated 
Party or an Affiliate thereof (in each case, other than any investment fund managed thereby) has initially 
invested prior to the date hereof or pursuant to the other provisions of this paragraph 8.4(a) and/or 
paragraph 8.4(c); (iii) the General Partner has determined, in good faith, does not meet the investment 
objectives of the Partnership; or (iv) a Special Purpose Investment Fund has been formed. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the following shall automatically be deemed not to be investment opportunities of the 
Partnership (and may be invested in by the General Partner, any Affiliated Party, or any Affiliate or 
employee thereof or any investment fund managed thereby notwithstanding any provision of this 
Agreement to the contrary): (i) any investment opportunity in a company (including, without limitation, in 
the preferred stock of such company) that the General Partner has considered and has rejected as being 
unsuitable for the Partnership in accordance with the rules and procedures by which the General Partner 
makes investment decisions (Le., because the number of Managing Members required to approve the 
opportunity have considered the opportunity and rejected it as being unsuitable for the Partnership), so long 
as the Managing Members who rejected the opportunity and their respective Affiliates do not then 
participate in such opportunity; (ii) any investment opportunity with respect to which the Advisory 
Committee is asked to approve the Partnership's participation, but which the Advisory Committee does not 
so approve; (iii) any investment opportunity in a company that has a "pre-money valuation" greater than 
five hundred million dollars ($500,000,000), as determined by the Management Company in its sole 
discretion, as of the date of the proposed investment (other than follow-on investments in companies in 
which the Partnership already holds an existing interest as of the date of such proposed follow-on 
investment); and (iv) any investment opportunity to be held by a Special Purpose Investment Fund. 
A "Special Purpose Investment Fund" means an investment fund created by the General Partner or any 
Affiliated Party to invest in a specified investment opportunity, which meets the Partnership's investment 
objectives. A Special Purpose Investment Fund must meet the following criteria: (a) each Partner is 
provided the first opportunity (on at least seven (7) days advance notice) to invest in such special purpose 
investment fund on a pro ram basis determined by reference to the total of (x) the Partners' respective 
Capital Commitments and (y) the respective capital commitments that the constituent partners in any 
Parallel Funds have made to such Parallel Funds, and (b) such special purpose investment fund charges a 
carried interest and/or management fee that are no higher than those charged to the Partnership. No Special 
Purpose Investment Fund with aggregate capital commitments that exceed 30% of the amount of the 
aggregate Capital Commitments to the Partnership shall be formed or organized without the Advisory 
Committee's prior approval. 
(b) 
The term "Affiliated Party", as used herein, means any Managing Member, the 
General Partner, the Management Company, or any member, employee or Affiliate thereof; provided, 
however, that for all purposes under this Agreement, no Thel Person shall be deemed to be an Affiliated 
24. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591721
--- PAGE 32 ---
Party. Notwithstanding paragraph 8.4(a), each Limited Partner hereby acknowledges and agrees that the 
General Partner may offer to other private investors, groups, partnerships or corporations (including, 
without limitation, any Limited Partner, and the Affiliates, members and employees of the foregoing parties 
and any Prior Funds or Successor Funds) the right to participate in investment opportunities of the 
Partnership or opportunities which may meet the investment objectives of the Partnership (as determined by 
the General Partner in good faith) whenever the General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, so 
determines; provided, however, that (i) an Affiliated Party may only take or participate in investment 
opportunities meeting the investment objectives of the Partnership to the extent so provided in paragraphs 
8.4(a) and 8.4(c) and (ii) such investment opportunity, if meeting the investment objectives of the 
Partnership (as determined by the General Partner in good faith), shall be offered to the Partnership before it 
is offered to any other party. 
(c) 
Until the earlier of the time that the Commitment Period ends or a Successor Fund 
may be formed pursuant to the first sentence of paragraph 8.3(b), each Affiliated Party or Affiliate thereof 
shall not be permitted to receive and keep any preferred stock, common stock, options or other similar 
instruments to purchase the same of any Partnership portfolio company without the consent of the Advisory 
Committee; provided, however, that the Affiliated Parties may, collectively, invest up to one hundred fifty 
thousand dollars ($150,000) into any Partnership portfolio company that are not Marketable Securities. 
(d) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees that, the Partnership may invest in any 
company in which a Successor Fund or Prior Fund (or any other investment fund managed by any of the 
General Partner, the Affiliated Parties or their Affiliates) holds an interest, whenever the General Partner, in 
its discretion, so determines that an investment in such company would be appropriate for the Partnership; 
provided, however, that without the consent of the Advisory Committee, the Partnership may not make an 
investment of more than five million dollars ($5,000,000) in any such company. In addition, without the 
consent of the Advisory Committee, the Partnership shall not invest in any company in which the Managing 
Members, the General Partner, the Management Company or any of their Affiliates hold a direct interest 
(i.e., an interest not held through a Successor Fund, Prior Fund or other investment fund managed by any of 
the General Partner, the Affiliated Parties or their Affiliates). 
(e) 
Without the prior approval of the Advisory Committee, the Partnership may not 
purchase Securities from or sell Securities to the General Partner, any Parallel Fund or related entity, any 
Affiliated Party, any Thiel Person or an Affiliate thereof or any investment fund managed thereby; provided, 
however, that each Limited Partner hereby agrees that, following the final admission of Limited Partners 
pursuant to paragraph 3.2(b) the Partnership may purchase Securities from or sell Securities to one or more 
Parallel Funds at cost for the purpose of allocating then-existing Securities between such entities in 
proportion to their respective available capital. 
(f) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees that: (i) an Affiliated Party, an Affiliate 
thereof or any member or employee of any of the foregoing, or any investment fund managed thereby may 
invest personally in Securities of any portfolio company where the Securities of such portfolio company are, 
at the time of such investment, Marketable Securities; provided that, the aggregate amount of any such 
investments in the same portfolio company may not exceed 2% of the aggregate cost basis of the 
Partnership's investment(s) in such portfolio company; and (ii) any Successor Fund or Prior Fund (or other 
fund described in paragraph 8.3(b) to the extent the applicable investment does not meet the investment 
objectives of the Partnership) may invest in a portfolio company of the Partnership. 
(g) 
The General Partner shall use its reasonable best efforts to operate the Partnership 
in a manner that will not cause any Partner subject to Section 511 of the Code to recognize unrelated 
business taxable income under Section 512 of the Code or unrelated debt-financed income under Section 
514 of the Code ("UBTF'); provided, however, that the Partnership may, subject to paragraph 8.4(n), 
25. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591722
--- PAGE 33 ---
borrow money pending the due date of a capital call so long as such borrowing would be repaid promptly 
following the delivery of capital due in connection with such capital call and would not create a material 
likelihood that any Limited Partner subject to Section 511 of the Code would incur UBTI. 
(h) 
For so long as "equity participation" in the Partnership by "benefit plan investors" 
is "significant" (as such terms are defined in the DOL Regulations), (i) the General Partner shall use its 
reasonable best efforts to operate the Partnership such that it qualifies as a "venture capital operating 
company" under the DOL Regulations, (ii) at least 30 days prior to the end of the Partnership's "annual 
valuation period" (as such term is defined in the DOL Regulations), the General Partner shall deliver to 
each Limited Partner a certificate, prepared in consultation with counsel to the Partnership, which confirms 
that the Partnership qualifies as a venture capital operating company and will continue to qualify as a 
venture capital operating company immediately following the expiration of the annual valuation period and 
(iii) the General Partner shall notify each Limited Partner as promptly as practicable following any 
determination by the General Partner that there is a material likelihood that the Partnership has ceased to 
qualify as a venture capital operating company. 
(i) 
The General Partner shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to: (w) avoid 
causing any Limited Partner, solely as a result of such Limited Partner's status as a limited partner in the 
Partnership, to be required to file income tax returns other than any return, certification or statement 
necessary to obtain a refund of or reduction in tax in any jurisdiction outside of the United States in 
connection with the Partnership's investment in any portfolio company organized or with its principal place 
of business or primary operations in such jurisdiction; (x) operate the Partnership in a manner that will not 
cause it to be engaged in a "trade or business within the United States" within the meaning of Section 864(b) 
of the Code; (y) avoid the Partnership realizing income that is or is treated as being "effectively connected" 
with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States for United States federal income tax purposes; 
and (z) prevent the Partnership from acquiring any interest in real property located in the United States for 
purposes of Section 897 of the Code or in any company that is at the time of such investment a "United 
States real property holding corporation" within the meaning of Section 897(c) of the Code. 
After the General Partner has used commercially reasonable efforts to avoid the Partnership realizing 
income that is or is treated as being "effectively connected" with the conduct of a trade or business in the 
United States, if the General Partner has actual knowledge that a particular transaction will generate income 
"effectively connected" with a trade or business in the United States (within the meaning of the Code), or 
similar income in another country, the General Partner shall use reasonable best efforts to provide each 
Limited Partner with such information that is reasonably available to the General Partner and which such 
Limited Partner reasonably requests in order to file any federal, state or local tax return in the United States 
or such other country in which such income is generated. 
For transactions causing any Limited Partner, solely as a result of such Limited Partner's status as a limited 
partner in the Partnership, to be required to file income tax returns other than any return, certification or 
statement necessary to obtain a refund of or reduction in tax in any jurisdiction outside of the United States 
in connection with the Partnership's investment in any portfolio company organized or with its principal 
place of business or primary operations in such jurisdiction, the General Partner shall use commercially 
reasonable efforts to provide such Limited Partner with such information that is reasonably available to the 
General Partner and which such Limited Partner reasonably requests in order to file income tax return in 
such jurisdiction. 
Without the prior approval of the Advisory Committee, the Partnership may not 
invest more than five percent (5%) of the Partnership's Committed Capital in a "blind pool" investment 
fund that is managed and controlled by an unaffiliated third party and that pays its manager performance 
based compensation. 
26. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591723
--- PAGE 34 ---
(k) 
Without the prior approval of the Advisory Committee, no more than twenty-five 
percent (25%) of the Partnership's aggregate Capital Commitments (determined on the basis of acquisition 
cost at the time of investment) may be invested in the Securities of, or loaned to, any one (1) portfolio 
company (including, for this purpose, the Affiliates of such portfolio company). 
(I) 
Without the prior approval of the Advisory Committee, not more than fifteen 
percent (15%) of the Partnership's Capital Commitments (determined on the basis of acquisition cost at the 
time of investment) may be invested in Securities that are publicly traded, excluding Securities issued in a 
private offering by an issuer who then also has outstanding publicly-traded Securities. 
(m) 
Without the prior approval of the Advisory Committee and subject to paragraph 
8.4(g), the General Partner may not cause the Partnership to incur debt, or guaranty indebtedness of the 
Partnership's portfolio companies (and including, for this purpose, their respective Affiliates), in an 
aggregate amount exceeding the lesser of (A) ten percent (10%) of the Partnership's Capital Commitments 
(determined on the basis of acquisition cost at the time of investment) and (B) the amount of aggregate 
Capital Commitments of the Partners that have not been contributed to the Partnership as of the date of such 
debt or guaranty indebtedness; provided, however, that amounts borrowed by the Partnership pending the 
due date of a capital call, which are due to be, and are, fully repaid promptly following the delivery of 
capital from the Partners which was due in connection with such capital call shall not be treated as 
indebtedness of the Partnership for purposes of the limitation in this paragraph 8.4(m). 
(n) 
The cumulative aggregate cost basis of portfolio company investments made by 
the Partnership may not exceed one hundred twenty percent (120%) of the aggregate Capital Commitments 
of the Partners. 
ARTICLE 9 
INVESTMENT REPRESENTATION AND TRANSFER 
OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 
9.1 
Investment Representation of the Limited Partners. This Agreement is made with each 
of the Limited Partners in reliance upon each Limited Partner's representation to the Partnership, which by 
executing this Agreement each Limited Partner hereby confirms, that its interest in the Partnership is to be 
acquired for investment, and not with a view to the sale or distribution of any part thereof, and that it has no 
present intention of selling, granting participation in, or otherwise distributing the same, and each Limited 
Partner understands that its interest in the Partnership has not been registered under the Securities Act and 
that any transfer or other disposition of the interest may not be made without registration under the 
Securities Act or pursuant to an applicable exemption therefrom. Each Limited Partner further represents 
that it does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement, or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer, 
or grant participations to such person, or to any third person, with respect to its interest in the Partnership. 
9.2 
Qualifications of the Limited Partners. Each Limited Partner represents that it is an 
"accredited investor" within the meaning of that term as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the 
Securities Act. 
9.3 
Transfer by General Partner. The General Partner shall not sell, assign, mortgage, 
pledge or otherwise dispose of its interest in the Partnership or in its capital assets or property without the 
prior written consent of Two-Thirds in Interest of the Limited Partners. Admissions of new members of the 
General Partner or the transfer of interests in the General Partner by its members shall not be deemed to be 
a sale or other disposition of the General Partner's interest in the Partnership for purposes of this paragraph 
9.3; provided, however, that without the prior consent of a Majority in Interest of the Limited Partners, new 
27. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591724
--- PAGE 35 ---
members may not be admitted to the General Partner, and interests in the General Partner may not be 
transferred, to the extent that the effect of such admissions and transfers would result in fifty percent (50%) 
or more of the interests in the General Partner being owned by persons who are not Managing Members. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the General Partner make any transfer of an interest in the 
Partnership prohibited by the events described in paragraphs 9.5(a) through 9.5(h). 
9.4 
Transfer by Limited Partner. No Limited Partner shall sell, assign, pledge, mortgage, or 
otherwise dispose of or transfer its interest in the Partnership, directly or indirectly, without the prior written 
consent of the General Partner, which consent may be granted or denied in the sole discretion of the General 
Partner (which consent shall not be required in the event of a transfer pursuant to the following sentence of 
this paragraph 9.4). Notwithstanding the foregoing, after delivery of the opinion of counsel hereinafter 
required by this Article 9 (provided, however, that the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, waive the 
requirement of an opinion of counsel), a Limited Partner may sell, assign, pledge, mortgage, or otherwise 
dispose of or transfer its interest in the Partnership, directly or indirectly, without such consent (a) to any 
entity directly or indirectly holding eighty percent (80%) or more of the ownership interests of the Limited 
Partner (including profits or other economic interests) or any entity of which eighty percent (80%) or more 
of the beneficial ownership (including profits or other economic interests) are held directly or indirectly by 
such entity, including any entity of which the Limited Partner holds, directly or indirectly, eighty percent 
(80%) or more of the beneficial ownership (including profits or other economic interests), (b) pursuant to a 
merger, plan of reorganization, sale or pledge of, or other general encumbrance on all or substantially all of 
the Limited Partner's assets, (c) as may be required by any law or regulation, (d) by testamentary 
disposition or intestate succession, (e) to a trust, profit sharing plan or other entity controlled by, or for the 
benefit of, such Limited Partner or one or more of its family members or (f) during the six (6) month period 
immediately following its admission as a Limited Partner, to an Affiliate entity that is also a Limited Partner 
where the sole purpose of such transfer is to adjust the relative holdings of such Affiliate and the original 
Limited Partner. A change in any trustee or fiduciary of the Limited Partner shall not be considered to be a 
transfer, sale, assignment, mortgage, pledge or other disposition under this paragraph 9.4, provided written 
notice of such change is given to the General Partner within a reasonable period of time after the effective 
date thereof. 
9.5 
Requirements for Transfer. No transfer or other disposition of the interest of the Limited 
Partner shall be permitted until the General Partner shall have received an opinion of counsel satisfactory to 
it (or waived such opinion requirement) that the effect of such transfer or disposition would not: 
(a) 
result in the Partnership's assets, or any portion thereof, being considered, in the 
opinion of counsel for the Partnership, as "plan assets" within the meaning of the DOL Regulations, or 
result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 4975 of the Code; 
(b) 
result in a violation of the Securities Act or any comparable state law; 
(c) 
require the Partnership to register as an investment company under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended; 
(d) 
require the Partnership, the General Partner, or any member of the General Partner 
to register as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended; 
(e) 
result in a termination of the Partnership's status as a partnership for tax purposes; 
(t) 
result in a violation of any law, rule, or regulation by the Limited Partner, the 
Partnership, the General Partner, or any member of the General Partner; 
28. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591725
--- PAGE 36 ---
(g) 
cause the Partnership to be deemed to be a "publicly traded partnership" as such 
term is defined in Section 7704(b) of the Code; or 
(h) 
result in a violation of this Agreement. 
Such legal opinion shall be provided to the General Partner by the transferring Limited Partner or the 
proposed transferee. Any costs associated with such opinion shall be borne by the transferring Limited 
Partner or the proposed transferee. Upon request, the General Partner will use its good faith diligent efforts 
to provide any information possessed by the Partnership and reasonably requested by a transferring Limited 
Partner to enable it to render the foregoing opinion. Notwithstanding any provision of this Article 9 to the 
contrary, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, waive the requirement of an opinion of counsel 
provided for in this paragraph 9.5. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in no event shall the 
General Partner consent to any transfer of an interest in the Partnership, or waive the requirement of an 
opinion of counsel with respect to any transfer for which the consent of the General Partner is not required, 
if such transfer would, in the reasonable determination of the General Partner, result in any of the events 
described in paragraphs 9.5(a) through 9.5(h). Any transfer of an interest in the Partnership in violation of 
the requirements of paragraph 9.4 or this paragraph 9.5 shall be null and void ab initio. 
9.6 
Substitution as a Limited Partner. A transferee of a Limited Partner's interest pursuant 
to this Article 9 shall become a substituted Limited Partner only with the consent of the General Partner 
(which consent shall not be required in the event of a transfer pursuant to paragraph 9.4(0) and only if such 
transferee (a) elects to become a substituted Limited Partner and (b) executes, acknowledges and delivers to 
the Partnership such other instruments as the General Partner may deem necessary or advisable to effect the 
admission of such transferee as a substituted Limited Partner, including, without limitation, the written 
acceptance and adoption by such transferee of the provisions of this Agreement. No assignment by a 
Limited Partner of its interest in the Partnership shall release the assignor from its liabilities to the 
Partnership, including but not limited to those liabilities enumerated in paragraph 4.2; provided, however if 
the assignee becomes a Limited Partner as provided in this paragraph 9.6, the assignor shall thereupon so be 
released (in the case of a partial assignment, to the extent of such assignment). 
9.7 
Expenses of Transfer. Any costs or expenses (including but not limited to reasonable 
attorneys' fees) incurred by the Partnership in connection with the transfer of a Partnership interest 
hereunder (including any costs associated with any opinion rendered pursuant to paragraph 9.5 above) shall 
be borne jointly and severally by the transferring Limited Partner and the proposed transferee. 
ARTICLE 10 
DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
10.1 
Extension of Partnership Term. Upon the Termination Date, or such subsequent dates to 
which the Partnership term has previously been extended pursuant to this paragraph 10.1, the General 
Partner in its sole discretion may extend the Partnership term for up to two (2) additional one (1) year 
periods and, thereafter and with the consent of a Majority in Interest of the Limited Partners, for additional 
one ( 1) year periods thereafter. During any such one (1) year extension periods, the General Partner shall 
use its reasonable efforts to convert the Partnership's Nonmarketable Securities into Marketable Securities 
or cash, and all Securities that become Marketable Securities during such period or periods shall be 
promptly distributed by the Partnership. The General Partner shall not purchase the Securities of any new 
issuer in which the Partnership does not already hold an interest during such period; provided, however, that 
the General Partner may (a) purchase additional Securities of a portfolio company if it deems such a 
purchase to be in the best interests of the Partnership, and (b) exchange the Securities of a portfolio 
company for other Securities. The Management Fee for each fiscal quarter during an extension period (i) 
29. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591726
--- PAGE 37 ---
shall be an amount equal to the product of (A) the lower of (I) the cost basis of the portfolio company 
Securities held by the Partnership as of the first day of such fiscal quarter and (II) the fair market value of 
such Securities multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Percentage in effect as of the first day of such fiscal 
quarter (as determined under Article 6), and (ii) shall otherwise be governed by the provisions set forth in 
Article 6. 
10.2 
Early Termination of the Partnership. 
(a) 
The Partnership shall dissolve, and the affairs of the Partnership shall be wound up 
prior to the Termination Date (or such subsequent dates to which the Partnership term has previously been 
extended pursuant to paragraph 10.1): 
(i) 
ninety (90) days after the withdrawal, bankruptcy, or dissolution of the 
General Partner, unless a Majority in Interest of the Limited Partners elect to continue the Partnership 
within such ninety (90) day period; 
upon the election of Two-Thirds in Interest of the Limited Partners within 
sixty days (60) days of the delivery of the notice of Trigger Event; or 
(iii) 
at any time upon the election of Eighty Percent (80%) in Interest of the 
Limited Partners. 
(b) 
In the event that the Partnership is dissolved pursuant to the provisions of this 
paragraph 10.2, a Majority in Interest of the Limited Partners shall elect one or more liquidators to manage 
the liquidation of the Partnership in the manner described in paragraphs 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5. 
10.3 
Winding Up Procedures. 
(a) 
Promptly upon dissolution of the Partnership (unless the Partnership is continued 
in accordance with this Agreement or the provisions of the Act), the affairs of the Partnership shall be 
wound up and the Partnership liquidated. The closing Capital Accounts of all the Partners shall be 
computed as of the date of dissolution as if the date of dissolution were the last day of an Accounting Period 
in accordance with Article 5, and then adjusted in the following manner: 
(i) 
All assets and liabilities of the Partnership shall be valued as of the date of 
dissolution. 
(ii) 
The Partnership's assets as of the date of dissolution shall be deemed to 
have been sold at their fair market values and the resulting Profit or Loss shall be allocated to the Partners' 
Capital Accounts in accordance with the provisions of Article 5. 
(b) 
Distributions during the winding up period may be made in cash or in kind or 
partly in cash and partly in kind; provided, however, that the General Partner or the liquidator, as the case 
may be, shall notify the Limited Partners at least ten (10) business days prior to making a distribution in 
kind pursuant to this paragraph 10.3(b). The General Partner or the liquidator shall use its best judgment as 
to the most advantageous time for the Partnership to sell Securities or to make distributions in kind. All 
cash and each Security distributed in kind after the date of dissolution of the Partnership shall be distributed 
ratably in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 4.2(d), if applicable, but otherwise in accordance 
with Article 7, unless such distribution would result in a violation of a law or regulation applicable to a 
Limited Partner, in which event, upon receipt by the General Partner of notice to such effect, such Limited 
Partner may designate a different entity to receive the distribution, or designate, subject to the approval of 
30. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591727
--- PAGE 38 ---
the General Partner (which may be withheld in the General Partner's sole discretion), an alternative 
distribution procedure (provided, however, that such alternative distribution procedure does not prejudice 
any of the other Partners). Each Security so distributed shall be subject to reasonable conditions and 
restrictions necessary or advisable, as determined in the reasonable discretion of the General Partner or the 
liquidator, in order to preserve the value of such Security or for legal reasons. 
10.4 
Payments in Liquidation. The assets of the Partnership shall be distributed in final 
liquidation of the Partnership in the following order: 
(a) 
to the creditors of the Partnership, including those Partners who are creditors of the 
Partnership, in the order of priority established by law, either by payment or by establishment of reserves; 
and 
(b) 
the balance, if any, to the General Partner and the Limited Partners as if such 
distributions were made pursuant to paragraph 7.4(b) and paragraph 7.5(a), as applicable; provided, 
however, that the General Partner shall be obligated to contribute to the Partnership an amount in cash, or 
Securities (previously distributed in kind from the Partnership) with a fair market value equal to the 
amounts the General Partner is obligated to pay back under paragraph 10.5(a). 
10.5 
Return of Excess Distributions. 
(a) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs 7.3 and 10.4, upon liquidation of the Partnership 
pursuant to this Article 10, the General Partner shall be required to pay back to the Partnership the amount 
by which the Carried Interest Distributions (as defined below in paragraph 10.5(b)) exceeds (i) in the event 
that the First Allocation Hurdle has not been met, 20% of the aggregate distributions made to the Partners 
pursuant to paragraphs 7.5(a)(ii)-(vi), (ii) in the event that the First Allocation Hurdle has been met but the 
Second Allocation Hurdle has not been met, 25% of the aggregate distributions made to the Partners 
pursuant to paragraphs 7.5(a)(ii)-(vi), or (iii) in the event that the Second Allocation Hurdle has been met, 
30% of the aggregate distributions made to the Partners pursuant to paragraphs 7.5(a)(ii)-(vi). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner's payment obligation pursuant to this paragraph 10.5(a) 
shall not exceed the After-Tax Distribution Amount (as defined below in paragraph 10.5(b)). 
(b) 
For purposes of this paragraph 10.5: (i) the "Carried Interest Distributions" shall 
equal all distributions to the General Partner other than distributions made to the General Partner in respect 
of its Partnership Percentage (excluding amounts returned to the Partnership by the General Partner 
pursuant to paragraphs 4.2(d)(ii) prior to final liquidation of the Partnership); and (ii) the "After-Tax 
Distribution Amount" shall be equal to the Carried Interest Distributions, less the gross tax liabilities that 
the General Partner would have incurred on all allocations of taxable income (net of losses) made with 
respect to the General Partner's interest in the Company (other than the portion of its interest attributable to 
its Partnership Percentage) if: (x) at all times the General Partner were subject to the highest blended federal, 
state and local marginal income tax rate then applicable to an individual residing in any state in the United 
States, applied by taking into account the character of the taxable income in question (i.e., long-term capital 
gains, ordinary income, etc.); and (y) all such allocations resulted from fully taxable transactions, plus any 
tax benefit actually received by the General Partner in the year in which the General Partner is required to 
make a payment pursuant to this paragraph 10.5, as reasonably determined by the General Partner, which 
such tax benefit is attributable solely to the making of such payment and which benefit shall be determined 
after first taking all other items of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit of the General Partner (or its direct 
or indirect owners) into account. 
(c) 
In the event that the assets of the General Partner are insufficient to satisfy the 
obligation described in paragraph 10.5(b), each Managing Member and managing member of the General 
31. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591728
--- PAGE 39 ---
Partner shall be severally liable for and shall personally guaranty his or her pro rata share of the General 
Partner's remaining obligation to the Partnership under this paragraph 10.5 by executing a written guaranty 
(in substantially the same form provided to the Limited Partners prior to the date first written above). The 
pro rata shares described in the preceding sentence shall be based on relative distributions received by each 
such Managing Member, or managing member of the General Partner, from the General Partner. The 
General Partner's operating agreement shall contain a provision requiring each newly-admitted managing 
member to personally guaranty his, her or its respective pro rata share of the General Partner's obligation 
under this paragraph 10.5 by executing a written guaranty (in substantially the same form provided to the 
Limited Partners prior to the date first written above). 
(d) 
In addition to the amount to be contributed by the General Partner pursuant to 
paragraph 10.5(a), if, upon liquidation of the Partnership, the cumulative Fee Adjustments applied against 
Management Fees paid pursuant to paragraph 6.1 for all Accounting Periods, exceeds the sum of (i) the 
cumulative Profits of the Partnership for all Accounting Periods less (ii) the cumulative Losses of the 
Partnership for all Accounting Periods (such amount the "Deemed Contribution Shortfall"), then the 
General Partner or its designated Affiliate with a capital contribution obligation shall be required to pay 
back to the Partnership, the lesser of (x) the Deemed Contribution Shortfall and (y) the distributions 
received by the General Partner that are attributable to the cumulative amount of Profit allocated to the 
General Partner pursuant to paragraph 5.I(a)(i), in each case less the gross tax liabilities that the General 
Partner would have incurred on all allocations of taxable income (net of losses) made with respect to the Fee 
Adjustments if: (x) at all times the General Partner or its designated Affiliate were subject to the highest 
blended federal, state and local marginal income tax rate then applicable to an individual residing in any 
state in the United States, applied by taking into account the character of the taxable income in question (i.e., 
long-term capital gains, ordinary income, etc.); and (y) all such allocations resulted from fully taxable 
transactions, plus any tax benefit actually received by the General Partner or its designated Affiliate in the 
year in which the payment is required pursuant to this paragraph 10.5(d), as reasonably determined by the 
General Partner, which such tax benefit is attributable solely to the making of such payment and which 
benefit shall be determined after first taking all other items of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit of the 
General Partner or its designated Affiliate (or their direct or indirect owners) into account. In the event that 
the assets of the General Partner or its designated Affiliate are insufficient to satisfy the obligation 
described in the preceding sentence, all members of the General Partner or its designated Affiliate will on a 
several, but not joint, basis contribute capital to the General Partner or its designated Affiliate in an amount 
equal to each such member's pro rata share of the remaining obligation to the Partnership (based on the 
member's pro rata participation in any Cashless Portion of any capital contributions to the Partnership). 
ARTICLE 11 
FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING, REPORTS AND MEETINGS 
11.1 
Financial Accounting; Fiscal Year. The books and records of the Partnership shall be 
kept in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and otherwise in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles consistently applied, and shall be audited at the end of each fiscal year 
beginning with fiscal year 2016 by an independent public accountant selected by the General Partner. The 
Partnership's fiscal year shall be the calendar year. 
11.2 
Supervision; Inspection of Books. Proper and complete books of account of the 
Partnership, copies of the Partnership's federal, state and local tax returns for each fiscal year, the Schedule 
of Partners set forth in EXHIBIT A, this Agreement and the Partnership's Certificate of Limited Partnership 
shall be kept under the supervision of the General Partner at the principal office of the Partnership. Such 
books and records shall be open to inspection (including by email or other electronic means) by the Limited 
32. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591729
--- PAGE 40 ---
Partners, or their accredited representatives, at not less than three (3) business days' notice, at any 
reasonable time during normal business hours. 
11.3 
Quarterly Reports. The General Partner shall use reasonable best efforts to transmit to 
the Limited Partners, within sixty (60) days after the close of each of the first three quarters of each fiscal 
year beginning with fiscal year 2016, a list of investments then held, together with a valuation of the 
investments then held and unaudited financial statements of the Partnership, including a statement of capital 
accounts. 
11.4 
Annual Report; Financial Statements of the Partnership. Beginning with fiscal year 
2016, the General Partner shall use reasonable best efforts to transmit to the Limited Partners within ninety 
(90) days after the close of the Partnership's fiscal year audited financial statements of the Partnership 
prepared in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and otherwise in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles, including an income statement for the year then ended and a balance sheet 
as of the end of such year, a statement of changes in the Partners' Capital Accounts, and a list of 
investments then held. The financial statements shall be accompanied by a report from the General Partner 
to the Limited Partners, which shall include a status report on investments then held, a summary of 
acquisitions and dispositions of investments made by the Partnership during the preceding quarter and a 
valuation of each such investment. 
11.5 
Website Based Reporting. The General Partner shall be entitled, in its sole discretion, to 
transmit the reports and statements described in paragraphs 11.3 and 11.4 (the "Subject Reports") to one or 
more Limited Partners solely by means of granting such Limited Partners access to a database or other 
forum hosted on a website designated by the General Partner (the "Reporting Site"), with such parameters 
regarding access and availability of information for review as the General Partner deems reasonably 
necessary to protect the confidentiality and proprietary nature of the information contained therein 
(including, but not limited to, establishing password protections for access to the Reporting Site and having 
such Subject Reports available for review for a restricted period of time (but in no event less than thirty (30) 
days from the date the Limited Partners are notified that such Subject Reports are posted on the Reporting 
Site)). The General Partner shall provide each Limited Partner to which it will transmit Subject Reports 
pursuant to this paragraph 11.5 notice of the first date on which a new Subject Report will be posted on the 
Reporting Site for such Limited Partner's review and shall either (i) make each Subject Report printable or 
(ii) upon written request by a Limited Partner, deliver a mailed copy of the Subject Report to such Limited 
Partner. Unless the General Partner exercises its discretion pursuant to and in compliance with paragraph 
15.15(c) to restrict access to certain Confidential Information that may be included in a Subject Report 
posted on the Reporting Site, the Subject Reports posted on the Reporting Site shall contain all of the 
material information included in those Subject Reports transmitted to Limited Partners other than pursuant 
to this paragraph 11.5 and shall be print-capable. The Subject Reports shall be posted on the Reporting Site 
within the same number of days after the end of the applicable fiscal quarter or Fiscal Year as is required 
pursuant to paragraphs 11.3 and 11.4. 
11.6 
Annual Meeting. A meeting of the Partners shall be held annually from the year of 2016. 
Such annual meeting may be held at the principal office of the Partnership (unless otherwise designated by 
the General Partner) or be held by conference call as determined by the General Partner. 
11.7 
Tax Returns. 
(a) 
The General Partner shall endeavor to cause the Partnership's estimated federal, 
state and local tax returns, IRS Form 1065, Schedule K-1 and any other tax information reasonably 
requested by a Limited Partner to be prepared and delivered to the Limited Partners within ninety (90) days 
after the close of the Partnership's fiscal year. 
33. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591730
--- PAGE 41 ---
(b) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees and covenants that it shall not make an 
election under Section 732(d) of the Code with respect to property distributed to it by the Partnership 
without the prior written consent of the General Partner. The General Partner may, but shall not be 
obligated to, cause the Partnership to make an election under Section 754 of the Code or an election to be 
treated as an "electing investment partnership" within the meaning of Section 743(e) of the Code. If the 
Partnership elects to be treated as an electing investment partnership, each Limited Partner shall (i) 
reasonably cooperate with the Partnership to maintain such status, (ii) shall not take any action that would 
be reasonably inconsistent with such election, (iii) provide the General Partner with any information 
necessary to allow the Partnership to comply with its obligations to make tax basis adjustments under 
Sections 734 or 743 of the Code and its tax reporting and other obligations as an electing investment 
partnership, and (iv) provide the General Partner and any such Limited Partner's transferee (if applicable), 
promptly upon request, with the information required under Section 6031(b) of the Code or otherwise to be 
furnished to the Partnership or such transferee, including such information as is reasonably necessary to 
enable the Partnership and such transferee to compute the amount of losses disallowed under Section 743(e) 
of the Code, but in no event shall such Limited Partner be required to provide such information prior to its 
receipt of its Schedule K-I for such taxable year, except to the extent of information, if any, required by the 
Partnership to complete its Schedule K-Is. Whether or not the Partnership makes such election, promptly 
upon request, each Limited Partner shall provide the General Partner with any information related to such 
Partner reasonably necessary to allow the Partnership to comply with (i) its obligations to make tax basis 
adjustments under Sections 734 or 743 of the Code and (ii) any other tax reporting obligations of the 
Partnership. 
11.8 
Tax Matters Partner. The General Partner shall be the Partnership's tax matters partner 
under the Code and under any comparable provision of state law. The General Partner shall have the right 
to resign as tax matters partner by giving thirty (30) days' written notice to each Partner. Upon such 
resignation a successor tax matters partner shall be selected by a Majority in Interest of the Limited Partners. 
The tax matters partner shall employ experienced tax counsel to represent the Partnership in connection 
with any audit or investigation of the Partnership by the Internal Revenue Service and in connection with all 
subsequent administrative and judicial proceedings arising out of such audit. If the tax matters partner is 
required by law or regulation to incur fees and expenses in connection with tax matters not affecting all the 
Partners, then the Partnership shall be entitled to reimbursement from those Partners on whose behalf such 
fees and expenses were incurred. The tax matters partner shall keep the Partners informed of all 
administrative and judicial proceedings, as required by Section 6223(g) of the Code, and shall furnish to 
each Partner, if such Partner so requests in writing, a copy of each notice or other communication received 
by the tax matters partner from the Internal Revenue Service, except such notices or communications as are 
sent directly to such requesting Partner by the Internal Revenue Service. The relationship of the tax matters 
partner to the Limited Partners is that of a fiduciary, and the tax matters partner has fiduciary obligations to 
perform its duties as tax matters partner in such manner as will serve the best interests of the Partnership and 
all of the Partnership's Partners. To the fullest extent permitted by law, but subject to the limitations and 
exclusions of paragraph 15.4, the Partnership agrees to indemnify the tax matters partner and its agents and 
save and hold them harmless, from and in respect to all (a) fees, costs and expenses in connection with or 
resulting from any claim, action, or demand against the tax matters partner, the General Partner or the 
Partnership that arise out of or in any way relate to the tax matters partner's status as tax matters partner for 
the Partnership, and (b) all such claims, actions, and demands and any losses or damages therefrom, 
including amounts paid in settlement or compromise of any such claim, action, or demand. 
11.9 
Partnership Funds. Cash held by the Partnership shall be promptly deposited into an 
account in a reputable bank or financial institution (as determined by the General Partner in its reasonable 
discretion). 
34. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591731
--- PAGE 42 ---
ARTICLE 12 
VALUATION; ADVISORY COMMITTEE 
12.1 
Valuation. Subject to the specific standards set forth below, the valuation of Securities 
and other assets and liabilities under this Agreement shall be at fair market value. Except as may be 
required under applicable Treasury Regulations, no value shall be placed on the goodwill or the name of the 
Partnership in determining the value of the interest of any Partner or in any accounting among the Partners. 
(a) 
The following criteria shall be used for determining the fair market value of 
Securities: 
(i) 
If traded on one or more securities exchanges or the NASDAQ National 
Market System, the value shall be deemed to be the Securities' closing price on the principal of such 
exchanges on the valuation date. 
If actively traded over the counter (other than on the NASDAQ National 
Market System), the value shall be deemed to be the closing price of such Securities on the valuation date. 
(iii) 
If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair market value 
thereof, as determined by the General Partner, taking into consideration the purchase price of the Securities, 
developments concerning the investee company subsequent to the acquisition of the Securities, any 
financial data and projections of the investee company provided to the General Partner, and such other 
factor or factors as the General Partner may deem relevant. 
(b) 
If the General Partner in good faith determines that, because of special 
circumstances, the valuation methods set forth in this Article 12 do not fairly determine the value of a 
Security, the General Partner shall make such adjustments or use such alternative valuation method as it 
deems appropriate. 
(c) 
The General Partner shall have the power at any time to determine, for all purposes 
of this Agreement, the fair market value of any assets and liabilities of the Partnership, subject to paragraph 
12.1(d). 
(d) 
If within thirty (30) days of receipt of a proposed valuation established by the 
General Partner pursuant to this paragraph 12.1, the Advisory Committee notifies the General Partner of an 
objection to such proposed valuation, then, if the General Partner and the Advisory Committee cannot 
otherwise mutually agree on the valuation, the General Partner and the Advisory Committee may each 
appoint an independent securities expert to render a valuation, and the average of such experts valuations 
shall be adopted as the Partnership's valuation. The fees and expenses of any expert retained in accordance 
with this paragraph I2.1(d) shall be borne by the Partnership. 
12.2 
Advisory Conunittee. The General Partner will appoint an Advisory Committee (the 
"Advisory Committee") that will serve as such for the Partnership and the Parallel Funds and shall consist of 
no less than three (3) and no more than seven (7) representatives of the Limited Partners and constituent 
limited partners of Parallel Funds selected by the General Partner from time to time in its reasonable 
judgment; provided, however, that any Limited Partner that is an Affiliate of the General Partner, the 
Management Company, any Managing Member or any of their respective members, employees or 
Affiliates may not be appointed to be a member of the Advisory Committee; provided, further, that if the 
General Partner affirmatively removes a representative of a Limited Partner from serving on the Advisory 
Committee, other than for conduct that the General Partner determines in its reasonable discretion, is 
35. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591732
--- PAGE 43 ---
harmful to the Partnership or a Parallel Fund, then such Limited Partner shall be entitled to appoint a 
replacement member of the Advisory Committee who is reasonably acceptable to the General Partner. The 
duties of the Advisory Committee will include: (a) consideration of any approvals sought by the General 
Partner pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; (b) upon request by the General Partner, advising with 
respect to all matters pertaining to conflicts of interest by the Partnership, the General Partner or any of the 
members of the General Partner; and (c) such advice and counsel as is requested by the General Partner in 
connection with the Partnership's investments and other Partnership matters. 
However, subject to 
paragraph 12.1(d), the General Partner will retain ultimate responsibility for asset valuations and for 
making all investment decisions. The Partnership will reimburse each member for his or her reasonable 
out-of-pocket expenses. All actions, consents or approvals of the Advisory Committee shall require a 
majority of its members serving at the time such action, consent or approval is taken, which actions, 
consents or approvals may be carried out by telephone, facsimile or electronic mail or other means 
reasonably acceptable to the General Partner. 
ARTICLE 13 
PARTNERS SUBJECT TO SPECIAL REGULATION 
13.1 
ERISA Partners. 
Each Limited Partner that is, or whose equity interests are at least partially owned 
by, a "benefit plan investor" within the meaning of, and subject to the provisions of, ERISA, (each, an 
"ERISA Partner") hereby (i) acknowledges that it is its understanding that neither the Partnership, the 
General Partner, nor any of the Affiliated Entities of the General Partner, are "fiduciaries" of such Limited 
Partner within the meaning of ERISA by reason of the Limited Partner investing its assets in, and being a 
Limited Partner of, the Partnership; (ii) acknowledges that it has been informed of and understands the 
investment objectives and policies of, and the investment strategies that may be pursued by, the Partnership; 
(iii) acknowledges that it is aware of the provisions of Section 404 of ERISA relating to the requirements 
for investment and diversification of the assets of employee benefit plans and trusts subject to ERISA; (iv) 
represents that it has given appropriate consideration to the facts and circumstances relevant to the 
investment by that ERISA Partner's plan in the Partnership and has determined that such investment is 
reasonably designed, as part of such portfolio, to further the purposes of such plan; (v) represents that, 
taking into account the other investments made with the assets of such plan, and the diversification thereof, 
such plan's investment in the Partnership is consistent with the requirements of Section 404 and other 
provisions of ERISA; (vi) acknowledges that it understands that current income will not be a primary 
objective of the Partnership; and (vii) represents that, taking into account the other investments made with 
the assets of such plan, the investment of assets of such plan in the Partnership is consistent with the cash 
flow requirements and funding objectives of such plan. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding any provision contained herein to the contrary, each ERISA 
Partner may elect to withdraw from the Partnership, or upon demand by the General Partner shall withdraw 
from the Partnership, at the time and in the manner hereinafter provided, if either the ERISA Partner or the 
General Partner shall obtain an opinion of counsel (which counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to both the 
ERISA Partner and the General Partner) to the effect that, as a result of applicable statutes, regulations, case 
law, administrative interpretations, or similar authority (i) the continuation of the ERISA Partner as a 
Limited Partner of the Partnership or the conduct of the Partnership will result, or there is a material 
likelihood the same will result, in a material violation of ERISA, or (ii) all or any portion of the assets of the 
Partnership constitute assets of the ERISA Partner and are subject to the provisions of ERISA to 
substantially the same extent as if owned directly by the ERISA Partner. In the event of the issuance of such 
opinion of counsel, a copy of such opinion shall be given to all the ERISA Partners, together with the 
written notice of the election of the ERISA Partner to withdraw or the written demand of the General 
36. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591733
--- PAGE 44 ---
Partner for withdrawal, whichever the case may be. Thereupon, unless within ninety (90) days after receipt 
of such written notice and opinion the General Partner is able to eliminate the necessity for such withdrawal 
to the reasonable satisfaction of the ERISA Partner and the General Partner, whether by correction of the 
condition giving rise to the necessity of the ERISA Partner's withdrawal, or the amendment of this 
Agreement, or otherwise, such ERISA Partner shall withdraw its entire interest in the Partnership, such 
withdrawal to be effective upon the last day of the fiscal quarter during which such ninety (90) day period 
expired. 
(c) 
The withdrawing ERISA Partner shall be entitled to receive within ninety (90) 
days after the date of such withdrawal an amount equal to the amount of such Partner's Capital Account as 
of the effective date of such withdrawal. 
(d) 
Any distribution or payment to a withdrawing ERISA Partner pursuant to this 
paragraph may, in the sole discretion of the General Partner, be made in cash, in securities, in the form of a 
promissory note, the terms of which shall be mutually agreed upon by the General Partner and the 
withdrawing ERISA Partner, or any combination thereof. 
(e) 
Any valuation necessary for the purposes of a distribution or payment to a 
withdrawing ERISA Partner pursuant to this paragraph shall be made by the General Partner in good faith 
pursuant to paragraph 12.1. 
13.2 
Governmental Plan Partners. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the 
contrary, any Limited Partner that is either a -governmental plan" as defined in Title 29, Section 1002(32) 
of the United States Code or an employee benefit plan subject to Governmental Plan Regulations (a 
"Governmental Plan Partner") may elect to withdraw from the Partnership, or upon demand by the 
General Partner shall withdraw from the Partnership, if either the Governmental Plan Partner or the General 
Partner shall obtain an opinion of counsel (which counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to both the 
Governmental Plan Partner and the General Partner) to the effect that the Governmental Plan Partner, the 
Partnership, or the General Partner would be in violation, or there is a material likelihood the same would 
result, of any Governmental Plan Regulation, as a result of the Governmental Plan Partner continuing as a 
Limited Partner, and, in the case of an opinion obtained by the General Partner, that such violation would 
have a material adverse effect on the General Partner or the Partnership. In the event of the issuance of the 
opinion of counsel referred to in the preceding sentence, the withdrawal of and disposition of the 
Governmental Plan Partner's interest in the Partnership shall be governed by paragraph 13.1 of the 
Agreement, as if the Governmental Plan Partner were an ERISA Partner. 
13.3 
Private Foundation Partners. Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement to the 
contrary, any Limited Partner that is, or whose equity interests are at least partially owned by, a "private 
foundation" as described in Section 509 of the Code (a "Private Foundation Partner"), may elect to 
withdraw from the Partnership, or upon demand by the General Partner shall withdraw from the Partnership, 
if either the Private Foundation Partner or the General Partner shall obtain an opinion of counsel (which 
counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to both the Private Foundation Partner and the General Partner) to 
the effect that such withdrawal is necessary in order for the Private Foundation Partner to avoid (a) excise 
taxes imposed by Subchapter A of Chapter 42 of the Code (other than Sections 4940 and 4942 thereof), or 
(b) a material breach of the fiduciary duties of its trustees under any federal or state law applicable to private 
foundations or any rule or regulation adopted thereunder by any agency, commission, or authority having 
jurisdiction. In the event of the issuance of the opinion of counsel referred to in the preceding sentence, the 
withdrawal of and disposition of the Private Foundation Partner's interest in the Partnership shall be 
governed by paragraph 13.1, as if the Private Foundation Partner were an ERISA Partner. 
37. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591734
--- PAGE 45 ---
ARTICLE 14 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
14.1 
Accounting Period. An Accounting Period shall be (a) a calendar year if there are no 
changes in the Partners' respective interests in the Profits or Losses of the Partnership during such calendar 
year except on the first day thereof, or (b) any other period beginning on the first day of a calendar year, or 
any other day during a calendar year upon which occurs a change in such respective interests, and ending on 
the last day of a calendar year, or on the day preceding an earlier day upon which any change in such 
respective interests shall occur. 
14.2 
Adjusted Asset Value. The Adjusted Asset Value with respect to any asset shall be the 
asset's adjusted basis for federal income tax purposes, except as follows: 
(a) 
The initial Adjusted Asset Value of any asset contributed by a Partner to the 
Partnership shall be the gross fair market value of such asset at the time of contribution, as determined by 
the contributing Partner and the Partnership. 
(b) 
In the discretion of the General Partner, the Adjusted Asset Values of all 
Partnership assets may be adjusted to equal their respective gross fair market values, as determined by the 
General Partner, and the resulting unrealized profit or loss allocated to the Capital Accounts of the Partners 
pursuant to Article 5, as of the following times: (i) upon distribution by the Partnership to a Partner of more 
than a de minimis amount of Partnership assets, unless all Partners receive simultaneous distributions of 
either undivided interests in the distributed property or identical Partnership assets in proportion to their 
interests in Partnership distributions as provided in paragraphs 7.4, 7.5 and 7.6, and (ii) the grant of an 
additional interest in the Partnership by any new or existing Partner. 
(c) 
The Adjusted Asset Values of all Partnership assets shall be adjusted to equal their 
respective gross fair market values, as determined by the General Partner, and the resulting unrealized 
profit or loss allocated to the Capital Accounts of the Partners pursuant to Article 5, as of the termination of 
the Partnership either by expiration of the Partnership's term or the occurrence of an event described in 
paragraph 10.2. 
14.3 
Adjusted Capital Account Balance. The Adjusted Capital Account Balance for each 
Partner shall be equal to the balance in the Partner's Capital Account as of the end of the relevant 
Accounting Period, after giving effect to the following adjustments: 
(a) 
Credit to such Capital Account any amounts which the Partner is obligated to 
restore (calculated as if all assets of the Partnership were sold for their Adjusted Asset Values and the 
Partnership were in liquidation), including, without limitation, amounts described in paragraph 10.5, or is 
deemed to be obligated to restore pursuant to the penultimate sentence of Treasury Regulations Section 
1.704-1(b)(4)(iv)(0; and 
(b) 
Debit 
to 
such 
Capital 
Account 
the 
items 
described 
in 
Sections 
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5), and 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(6) of the Treasury Regulations. 
14.4 
Affiliate. An Affiliate of any person shall mean (a) any person that directly, or indirectly 
through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by or is under common control with the 
person specified or (b) such person's family members within the same line of direct consanguinity or a first 
degree of collateral consanguinity; provided, however, that for all purposes under this Agreement, no Thiel 
38. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591735
--- PAGE 46 ---
Person shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of any Managing Member, the General Partner or the 
Management Company. 
14.5 
Capital Account. The Capital Account of each Partner shall consist of its original capital 
contribution, (a) increased by any additional capital contributions, its share of income or gain that is 
allocated to it pursuant to this Agreement, and the amount of any Partnership liabilities that are assumed by 
it or that are secured by any Partnership property distributed to it, and (b) decreased by the amount of any 
distributions to or withdrawals by it, its share of expense or loss that is allocated to it pursuant to this 
Agreement, and the amount of any of its liabilities that are assumed by the Partnership or that are secured by 
any property contributed by it to the Partnership. The foregoing provision and the other provisions of this 
Agreement relating to the maintenance of Capital Accounts are intended to comply with Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv), and shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with such 
Regulations. In the event the General Partner shall determine that it is prudent to modify the manner in 
which the Capital Accounts, or any debits or credits thereto, are computed in order to comply with such 
Regulations, the General Partner may make such modification, provided, however, that it is not likely to 
have more than an insignificant effect on the total amounts distributable to any Partner pursuant to Article 7 
and Article 10. 
14.6 
Capital Commitment; Committed Capital. A Partner's Capital Commitment shall 
mean the amount that such Partner has agreed to contribute to the capital of the Partnership as set forth 
opposite such Partner's name on its EXHIBIT A hereto. The Partnership's Committed Capital shall equal 
the sum of the aggregate Capital Commitments of all Partners. 
14.7 
Code. The Code is the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time (or 
any corresponding provisions of succeeding law). 
14.8 
Deemed Gain or Deemed Loss. The Deemed Gain from any in kind distribution of 
Securities shall be equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the Securities distributed (valued as 
of the date of distribution in accordance with paragraph 12.1), over the aggregate Adjusted Asset Value of 
the Securities distributed. The Deemed Loss from any in kind distribution of Securities shall be equal to the 
excess, if any, of the aggregate Adjusted Asset Value of the Securities distributed over the fair market value 
of the Securities distributed (valued as of the date of distribution in accordance with paragraph 12.1). 
14.9 
Reserved. 
14.10 Marketable; Marketable Securities; Marketability. 
These terms shall refer to 
Securities that are (i) (A) traded on a national securities exchange or over the counter or (B) currently the 
subject of an effective Securities Act registration statement, (ii) not subject to underwriter "lockup" or other 
contractual restrictions and (iii) may be sold by each distributee Limited Partner without restriction under 
applicable securities laws of the United States or the applicable laws of the jurisdiction of the exchange on 
which such Securities are actively traded (other than volume limitations imposed under Securities and 
Exchange Commission Rule 144 or similar volume limitations imposed by another jurisdiction). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Security shall not be deemed to be a Marketable Security if, in the good 
faith judgment of the General Partner, the market on which such Security trades is not adequate to permit an 
orderly sale of all shares of such Security held by the Partnership within a reasonable time period. 
14.11 Nonmarkcta hie Securities. Nonmarketable Securities are all Securities other than 
Marketable Securities. 
14.12 Ordinary Income or Ordinary Loss. Ordinary Income or Ordinary Loss shall be an 
amount computed for each Accounting Period as of the last day thereof that is equal to the sum of all 
39. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591736
--- PAGE 47 ---
income received by the Partnership during such Accounting Period from the investment of idle funds in 
Short-Term Securities. 
14.13 Partnership Percentage. The Partnership Percentage for each Partner shall be equal to 
the Capital Commitment of such Partner stated as a percentage of the aggregate Capital Commitments of 
the Partnership, and shall be set forth opposite each Partner's name on its EXHIBIT A hereto. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Partnership Percentage of the General Partner shall not be reduced by any Fee 
Adjustment amounts. 
14.14 Percentage in Interest; Majority in Interest. A specified fraction or percentage in 
interest of the Partners or of the Limited Partners shall mean those partners or limited partners of the 
Partnership and the Parallel Funds whose Capital Commitments to the Partnership and capital commitments 
to the Parallel Funds, stated as a percentage of the aggregate capital commitments of the Partnership and all 
of the Parallel Funds, equal or exceed the required fraction or percentage in interest of all such partners or 
limited partners. A Majority in Interest shall mean more than fifty percent (50%) in interest. Any limited 
partnership interest owned or controlled by the General Partner, the Management Company, the Managing 
Members or any of their employees or Affiliates shall be deemed not to be outstanding for purposes of any 
determination under this Agreement of a particular percentage in interest of the Limited Partners and shall 
be excluded from voting in any vote taken or consent granted by the Limited Partners under this Agreement. 
14.15 Prime Rate. The Prime Rate shall mean an interest rate equal to the floating commercial 
rate of interest published in the Wall Street Journal (or its successors) as its prime rate. 
14.16 Profit or Loss. Profit or Loss shall be an amount computed for each Accounting Period as 
of the last day thereof that is equal to the Partnership's taxable income or loss for such Accounting Period, 
determined in accordance with Section 703(a) of the Code (for this purpose, all items of income, gain, loss, 
or deduction required to be stated separately pursuant to Code Section 703(a)( 1) shall be included in taxable 
income or loss), with the following adjustments: 
(a) 
Any income of the Partnership that is exempt from federal income tax and not 
otherwise taken into account in computing Profit or Loss pursuant to this paragraph shall be added to such 
taxable income or loss; 
(b) 
Any expenditures of the Partnership described in Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) or 
treated as Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) expenditures pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i) and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profit or Loss pursuant to this 
paragraph shall be subtracted from such taxable income or loss; 
(c) 
Gain or loss resulting from any disposition of a Partnership asset with respect to 
which gain or loss is recognized for federal income tax purposes shall be computed by reference to the 
Adjusted Asset Value of the asset disposed of rather than its adjusted tax basis; 
(d) 
The difference between the gross fair market value of all Partnership assets and 
their respective Adjusted Asset Values shall be added to such taxable income or loss in the circumstances 
described in paragraph 14.2; 
(e) 
Items which are specially allocated pursuant to paragraphs 3.2(c), 4.5(b)(vi), 5.2 
and 5.3 shall not be taken into account in computing Profit or Loss; and 
The amount of any Deemed Gain or Deemed Loss on any Securities distributed in 
kind shall be added to or subtracted from (as the case may be) such taxable income or loss. 
40. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591737
--- PAGE 48 ---
14.17 Regulated Partner. Regulated Partner shall refer to each ERISA Partner, Governmental 
Plan Partner, and Private Foundation Partner. 
14.18 Securities. Securities shall mean securities of every kind and nature and rights and options 
with respect thereto, including stock, notes, bonds, debentures, evidences of indebtedness and other 
business interests of every type, including partnerships, joint ventures, proprietorships and other business 
entities. 
14.19 Securities Act. Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
14.20 Short-Term Securities. Short-Term Securities shall mean commercial paper, certificates 
of deposit, treasury bills, and other money market investments with maturities of less than twelve (12) 
months. 
14.21 Thiel Persons. Thiel Persons shall mean Peter Thiel, Peter Thiel's retirement accounts and 
Thiel Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, any wholly owned subsidiary of any of the 
foregoing, and any successor in interest thereto. 
14.22 Treasury Regulations. Treasury Regulations shall mean the Income Tax Regulations 
promulgated under the Code, as such Regulations may be amended from time to time (including 
corresponding provisions of succeeding Regulations). 
ARTICLE 15 
OTHER PROVISIONS 
15.1 
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of 
the State of Delaware as such law would be applied to agreements among the residents of such state made 
and to be performed entirely within such state. 
15.2 
Limitation of Liability of the Limited Partners. Except as required by law or by 
paragraphs 4.2 or 9.7 of this Agreement, no Limited Partner shall be bound by, nor be personally liable for, 
the expenses, liabilities, or obligations of the Partnership in excess of its Capital Commitment to the 
Partnership. 
15.3 
Exculpation. 
(a) 
Neither the tax matters partner, the General Partner, the Management Company, 
the members of the Advisory Committee nor their respective managers, members, partners, principals, 
officers, employees, Affiliates or agents (including solely with respect to the conduct of any member of the 
Advisory Committee, the Limited Partner responsible for the appointment of such member of the Advisory 
Committee) shall be liable, responsible or accountable in damages or otherwise to the Limited Partners or 
the Partnership for honest mistakes of judgment, or for action or inaction, taken in good faith and in the best 
interests of the Partnership, or for losses due to such mistakes, action, or inaction, or to the negligence, 
dishonesty, or bad faith of any employee, broker, or other agent of the Partnership, provided, however, that 
such employee, broker, or agent was selected, engaged, and retained with reasonable care. The General 
Partner and such persons may consult with counsel and accountants in respect of Partnership affairs and be 
fully protected and justified in any action or inaction that is taken in accordance with the advice or opinion 
of such counsel or accountants, provided, however, that (i) they shall have been selected with reasonable 
care, (ii) with regard to the General Partner, such action or in action shall not constitute gross negligence or 
41. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591738
--- PAGE 49 ---
fraud, and (iii) the General Partner or other such persons shall have relied on their advice or opinion in good 
faith. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding any contrary provision in paragraph 15.3(a) above, the provisions 
of this paragraph and the immediately following paragraph shall not be construed so as to relieve (or 
attempt to relieve) any (i) member of the Advisory Committee or any Thiel Person of any liability by reason 
of bad faith, (ii) other person by reason of recklessness, bad faith, gross negligence or intentionally 
wrongful conduct, (iii) person by reason of any material breach by the General Partner of this Agreement or 
of its fiduciary duties to the Partnership that has a material adverse effect upon the economic interests of the 
Limited Partners in the Partnership (in addition to the expense of such indemnity claim) and that remains 
uncured following ten (10) business days' written notice of such material breach to the General Partner, or 
(iv) person to the extent (but only to the extent) that such liability may not be waived, modified, or limited 
under applicable law, but shall be construed so as to effectuate the provisions of such paragraphs to the 
fullest extent permitted by law. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement: (i) to the extent that, 
at law or in equity, an Indemnified Party (as defined in paragraph 15.4) has duties (including fiduciary 
duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the Partnership, any Partner or any other person, such Indemnified 
Party acting under this Agreement shall not be liable to the Partnership, and Partner or any other person for 
breach of fiduciary duty for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this Agreement (or for taking actions 
that are permitted under this Agreement); and (ii) the provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they 
restrict or eliminate the duties (including fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating thereto of an Indemnified 
Party otherwise existing at law or in equity, are agreed by each Partner and the Partnership to replace such 
other duties and liabilities of such Indemnified Party. 
(d) 
Each Partner acknowledges and agrees that: (i) certain Thiel Persons are members 
of the Management Company and/or the General Partner; (ii) one or more Thiel Persons and their Affiliates 
are or may be involved in or have an economic interest in, directly or indirectly, in their capacity as 
managers, advisers, directors, founders, sponsors, partners, members or otherwise, other financial, 
investment and professional activities, and may engage for their own accounts and for the accounts of 
others in any such ventures and activities (without regard to whether the interests of such ventures and 
activities conflict with those of the Partnership); (iii) nothing in this Agreement is intended, or shall be 
deemed, to restrict or in any way limit the Thiel Persons' or their Affiliates' ability to engage in any such 
ventures or activities; (iv) neither the Partnership nor any Partner shall have any right by virtue of this 
Agreement or the existence of the Partnership in and to such ventures or activities or to the income or profits 
derived therefrom; (v) no Thiel Person shall have any fiduciary or other duties to any Partner or the 
Partnership created as a result of, or pursuant to, this Agreement or as a result of the Thiel Activities (as 
defined below), or any duty or obligation to make any reports to any Partner or the Partnership, with respect 
to any such ventures or activities; and (vi) the functions and activities of any Thiel Person with respect to 
the Partnership (the "Thiel Activities") being limited to, as applicable, (x) being a limited partner of the 
Partnership or a Parallel Fund, (y) having any ownership interest the Management Company and/or the 
General Partner, and (z) taking any actions as a result of a Thiel Person's ownership interest in the 
Management Company or the General Partner, (1) shall not alter or impair the limitation on liability of any 
Thiel Person as a limited partner under the Partnership Act, (2) in no event shall the Thiel Activities give 
rise to a conclusion, under Section 17-303 of the Partnership Act or otherwise, that any Thiel Person 
participates in the control of the Partnership, (3) the obligations and responsibilities of the Thiel Persons are 
limited to those of a limited partner, and (4) this Agreement and the documentation contemplated hereby 
shall be interpreted in accordance with the foregoing. 
(e) 
This paragraph 15.3 is intended to apply solely for the benefit of the Limited 
Partners, and in no way shall be construed or interpreted as inuring to the benefit of any other person or 
42. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591739
--- PAGE 50 ---
entity, including, without limitation, creditors of the Partnership, of the General Partner or of the members 
of the General Partner or other third parties. 
15.4 
Indemnification. The Partnership agrees to indemnify, out of the assets of the Partnership 
only (but including amounts that the Partners may be required to contribute pursuant to paragraph 4.2(d)), 
the General Partner, the Management Company, the members of the Advisory Committee (including solely 
with respect to the conduct of any member of the Advisory Committee, the Limited Partner responsible for 
the appointment of such member of the Advisory Committee), the tax matters partner and their respective 
managers, members, partners, principals, officers, employees, Affiliates and agents (each an "Indemnified 
Party" collectively the "Indemnified Parties") to the fullest extent permitted by law and to save and hold 
them harmless from and in respect of all (a) reasonable fees, costs, and expenses, including legal fees, paid 
in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, or demand against the Indemnified Parties that arises 
directly or indirectly out of or in any way relates to the Partnership, its properties, business, or affairs, or any 
other enterprise that such Indemnified Party is or was serving, as a director, officer, employee or otherwise, 
at the request of the Partnership, the General Partner or the Management Company, and (b) such claims, 
actions, and demands described in the preceding clause (a), and any losses or damages resulting from such 
claims, actions, and demands, including amounts paid in settlement or compromise (if recommended by 
attorneys for the Partnership) of any such claim, action or demand; provided, however, that this indemnity 
shall not extend to: (i) any claim or proceeding solely between or among the General Partner, Management 
Company, the Managing Members, or any of their respective managers, members, partners, principals, 
officers, employees, Affiliates or agents; or (ii) any conduct which constitutes bad faith on the part of any 
Advisory Committee member or Thiel Person or any conduct which constitutes recklessness, bad faith, 
gross negligence or intentionally wrongful conduct on the part of any other Indemnified Party or any claim, 
action or demand that arises from any material breach by the General Partner of this Agreement or of its 
fiduciary duties to the Partnership that has a material adverse effect upon the economic interests of the 
Limited Partners in the Partnership (in addition to the expense of such indemnity claim) and that remains 
uncured following ten (10) business days' written notice of such material breach to the General Partner. 
Expenses incurred by any Indemnified Party in defending a claim or proceeding covered by this paragraph 
shall be paid by the Partnership in advance of the final disposition of such claim or proceeding (regardless 
of whether the claim asserts that the Indemnified Party is not entitled to such indemnification pursuant to 
clause (ii) of the proviso of the preceding sentence); provided, the Indemnified Party undertakes to repay 
such amount if it is ultimately determined that such Indemnified Party was not entitled to be indemnified; 
provided, further, that no such advance shall be paid in the case of (A) a claim or proceeding solely between 
or among the General Partner, Management Company, the Managing Members, or any of their respective 
managers, members, partners, principals, officers, employees, Affiliates or agents or (B) any claim or 
proceeding brought by a Majority in Interest of the Limited Partners against an Indemnified Party. The 
provisions of this paragraph 15.4 shall remain in effect as to each Indemnified Party whether or not such 
Indemnified Party continues to serve in the capacity that entitled such person to be indemnified. In the 
event that an Indemnified Party is also entitled to indemnification by a portfolio company of the Partnership, 
the General Partner or the Management Company, the Partners hereby acknowledge and agree that (i) the 
portfolio company shall be the indemnitor of first resort and the Partnership shall be the indemnitor of 
second resort and the General Partner and the Management Company shall be the indemnitors of third 
resort (Le., the portfolio company's obligations to such an Indemnified Party shall be primary, the 
Partnership's obligations to such an Indemnified Party shall be secondary and any obligation of the General 
Partner and/or the Management Company to advance expenses and/or to provide indemnification for the 
same expenses or liabilities incurred by such an Indemnified Party shall be tertiary), (ii) that, to the extent 
such an Indemnified Party is otherwise eligible hereunder for advancement of expenses, the Partnership 
shall be required to advance the full amount of expenses incurred by such an Indemnified Party and shall be 
liable for the full amount of all fees, costs and any other items described in clauses (a) and (b) of the first 
sentence of this paragraph without regard to any rights such an Indemnified Party may have against the 
General Partner or the Management Company and (iii) the Partnership hereby irrevocably waives, 
43. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591740
--- PAGE 51 ---
relinquishes and releases the General Partner and the Management Company from any and all claims 
against such parties for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect of the 
foregoing provisions of this sentence. 
15.5 
Arbitration. 
(a) 
Any claim, dispute, or controversy of whatever nature arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement, including, without limitation, any action or claim based on tort, contract, or statute 
(including any claims of breach), or concerning the interpretation, effect, termination, validity, performance 
and/or breach of this Agreement ("Claim"), shall be resolved by final and binding confidential arbitration 
("Arbitration") before a single arbitrator ("Arbitrator") selected from and administered by Judicial 
Arbitration and Mediation Service Inc. (the "Administrator") in accordance with its then existing 
arbitration rules or procedures regarding commercial or business disputes. The arbitration shall be held in 
San Francisco, California or New York, New York, in the sole discretion of the General Partner. 
(b) 
Depositions may be taken and full discovery may be obtained in any arbitration 
commenced under this provision. 
(c) 
The Arbitrator shall, within fifteen (15) calendar days after the conclusion of the 
Arbitration hearing, issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and 
conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The 
Arbitrator shall be authorized to award compensatory damages, but shall not be authorized (i) to award 
non-economic damages, such as for emotional distress, pain and suffering or loss of consortium, (ii) to 
award punitive damages, or (iii) to reform, modify or materially change this Agreement or any other 
agreements contemplated hereunder; provided, however, that the damage limitations described in parts (i) 
and (ii) of this sentence will not apply if such damages are statutorily imposed. The Arbitrator also shall be 
authorized to grant any temporary, preliminary or permanent equitable remedy or relief he or she deems just 
and equitable and within the scope of this Agreement, including, without limitation, an injunction or order 
for specific performance. 
(d) 
Each party shall bear its own attorney's fees, costs, and disbursements arising out 
of the arbitration, and shall pay an equal share of the fees and costs of the Administrator and the Arbitrator; 
provided, however, the Arbitrator shall be authorized to determine whether a party is substantially the 
prevailing party, and if so, to award to that substantially prevailing party reimbursement for its reasonable 
attorneys' fees, costs and disbursements (including, for example, expert witness fees and expenses, 
photocopy charges, travel expenses, etc.), and/or the fees and costs of the Administrator and the Arbitrator. 
Absent the filing of an application to correct or vacate the arbitration award under Title 10 of the Delaware 
Code sections 5713 through 5717, each party shall fully perform and satisfy the arbitration award within 
fifteen (15) days of the service of the award. 
(e) 
By agreeing to this binding arbitration provision, the parties understand that they 
are waiving certain rights and protections which may otherwise be available if a Claim between the parties 
were determined by litigation in court, including, without limitation, the right to seek or obtain certain types 
of damages precluded by this paragraph 15.5, the right to a jury trial, certain rights of appeal, and a right to 
invoke formal rules of procedure and evidence. 
15.6 
Execution of Documents. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one (1) 
and the same instrument. 
44. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591741
--- PAGE 52 ---
15.7 
Other Instruments and Acts. The Partners agree to execute any other instruments or 
perform any other acts that are or may be reasonably necessary to effectuate and carry on the partnership 
created by this Agreement. 
15.8 
Binding Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon the transferees, successors, 
assigns, and legal representatives of the Partners. 
15.9 
Notices; Electronic Transmission of Reports. Any notice or other communication that 
one Partner desires to give to another Partner shall be in writing, and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) 
upon personal delivery to the Partner to be notified, (b) upon confirmed transmission by electronic mail, 
telex or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, if not, then on the next business day, 
(c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage 
prepaid, or (d) three (3) days after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next 
day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be addressed to the other 
Partner at the address shown on its EXHIBIT A or at such other address as a Partner may designate by ten 
(10) days' advance written notice to the other Partners. In addition to the provisions of paragraph 11.5, the 
General Partner shall be entitled to transmit to the Limited Partners by e-mail the reports required by 
paragraphs 113, 11.4, and 11.7. 
15.10 Power of Attorney. By signing this Agreement, each Limited Partner designates and 
appoints the General Partner its true and lawful attorney, in its name, place, and stead to make, execute, sign, 
and file the Certificate of Limited Partnership and any amendment thereto and such other instruments, 
documents, or certificates that may from time to time be required of the Partnership by the laws of the 
United States of America, the laws of the state of the Partnership's formation, or any other state in which the 
Partnership shall conduct its affairs in order to qualify or otherwise enable the Partnership to conduct its 
affairs in such jurisdictions. Such attorney is not hereby granted any authority on behalf of the Limited 
Partners to amend this Agreement except that as attorney for each of the Limited Partners, the General 
Partner shall have the authority to amend this Agreement and the Certificate of Limited Partnership (and to 
execute any amendment to the Agreement or the Certificate of Limited Partnership on behalf of itself and as 
attorney in fact for each of the Limited Partners) as may be required to effect: 
(a) 
Admission of additional Partners pursuant to Article 3; 
(b) 
Additional capital contributions pursuant to Article 4; 
(c) 
Transfers of Limited Partnership interests pursuant to Article 9; and 
(d) 
Extensions of the Partnership term pursuant to Article 10. 
This power of attorney and the power of attorney referenced in paragraph 4.5(b)(x) granted by each Limited 
Partner shall expire as to such Partner immediately after the dissolution of the Partnership or the 
amendment of the Partnership's EXHIBIT A to reflect the complete withdrawal of such Partner as a Partner 
of the Partnership. 
15.11 Amendment. 
(a) 
Except as provided by the immediately preceding paragraph and subject to 
paragraph 15.11(b), this Agreement may be amended only with the written consent of the General Partner 
and a Majority in Interest of the Limited Partners. 
45. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591742
--- PAGE 53 ---
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph 15.11(a), no amendment to the provisions of Article 13 
may be made without the consent of each ERISA Partner, Governmental Plan Partner and Private 
Foundation Partner who may be materially adversely affected by such amendment, (ii) the General Partner 
may amend this Agreement without the consent of the other Partners to reflect changes validly made in the 
membership of the Partners and the capital contributions of the Partners, and (iii) no amendment to this 
Agreement may modify any provision requiring the consent of more than a Majority in Interest of the 
Limited Partners without the consent of such higher Percentage in Interest. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs 15.11(a) and (b), no amendment of this Agreement 
may modify the method of making Partnership allocations or distributions, modify the method of 
determining the Partnership Percentage of any Partner, reduce any Partner's Capital Account, increase any 
Partner's Capital Commitment to the Partnership, modify any provision of this Agreement pertaining to 
limitations on liability of the Limited Partners or change the restrictions contained in this paragraph 
15.11(c), unless each Partner adversely affected thereby in a manner different than the other Partners has 
expressly consented in writing to such amendment. In addition, the General Partner shall not cause or 
consent to the amendment of paragraphs 8.4(b), 8.4(e), 14.21, 15.2, 15.3, 15.4 or this paragraph 15.11 of 
this Agreement in a manner that would adversely affect a member of the Advisory Committee or a Thiel 
Person without the express written consent of each such member of the Advisory Committee or Thiel 
Person that would be adversely affected thereby. 
(d) 
The Partnership's or General Partner's (or its managers', members' or employees') 
noncompliance with any provision hereof in any single transaction or event may be waived prospectively or 
retroactively in writing by the same Percentage in Interest of the Limited Partners that would be required to 
amend such provision pursuant to paragraphs 15.11(a), (b) or (c). No waiver shall be deemed a waiver of 
any subsequent event of noncompliance except to the extent expressly provided in such waiver. 
(e) 
The General Partner may, without the consent of the Limited Partners, amend this 
Agreement, as the General Partner determines to be advisable to address the effects (or potential effects) of 
legislation that has been enacted, or regulations (whether proposed, temporary or final) that have been 
issued, in either case that change (or, in the General Partner's good faith determination propose to change or 
alter) the tax consequences of the operation of paragraphs 4.3, 5.1, and 6.1 or any other provision of this 
Agreement related to the satisfaction of the General Partner's Capital Commitment through the waiver of 
management fees and related allocations and distributions, so long as any such amendment does not result 
in any material adverse effect on any Limited Partner or delay the timing or reduce the aggregate amount of 
distributions to which any Limited Partner is entitled under this Agreement. 
15.12 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the representations and warranties of 
each Limited Partner set forth in any Subscription Agreement executed by such Limited Partner) and any 
Side Letter (as defined in this paragraph 15.12) constitute the full, complete and final agreement of the 
Partners, and supersede all prior agreements between the Partners with respect to the Partnership. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement or any Subscription Agreement entered into by a Limited 
Partner in connection with its admission to the Partnership, it is hereby acknowledged and agreed that the 
Partnership and the General Partner, on its own behalf or on behalf of the Partnership or a Parallel Fund, 
without the approval of any Limited Partners, may enter into a side letter or similar agreement to or with a 
limited partner of the Partnership or a Parallel Fund (each a "Side Letter"), executed contemporaneously 
with the admission of such limited partner to the Partnership or such Parallel Fund, which has the effect of 
establishing rights with respect to the Partners or the Partnership or supplementing the terms hereof or any 
Subscription Agreement in order to meet certain requirements of such Limited Partner, including, without 
limitation, the Management Fee chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner. The parties hereto agree 
that any terms contained in a Side Letter shall govern, for purposes of this Agreement or any Subscription 
46. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591743
--- PAGE 54 ---
Agreement, and be valid, binding and enforceable as among the Limited Partner that is a party thereto, the 
General Partner and/or the Partnership. 
15.13 Titles; Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience 
only and shall not be considered in the interpretation of this Agreement. 
15.14 Partnership Name. The Partnership shall have the exclusive right to use the Partnership 
name as long as the Partnership continues. Upon termination of the Partnership, the Partnership shall assign 
whatever rights it may have in such name to the General Partner. No value shall be placed upon the name or 
the goodwill attached to it for the purpose of determining the value of any Partner's Capital Account or 
interest in the Partnership. 
15.15 Confidentiality. 
(a) 
This Agreement and all financial statements, tax reports, portfolio valuations, 
reviews or analyses of potential or actual investments, reports or other materials and all other documents 
and information concerning the affairs of the Partnership and its investments, including, without limitation, 
information about the portfolio companies of the Partnership (collectively, the "Confidential 
Information"), that any Limited Partner may receive or that may be disclosed, distributed or disseminated 
(whether in writing, orally, electronically or by other means) to any Limited Partner or its representatives, 
including Confidential Information disclosed to members of the Advisory Committee, pursuant to or in 
accordance with this Agreement, or otherwise as a result of its ownership of an interest in the Partnership, 
constitute proprietary and confidential information about the Partnership, the General Partner and its 
Affiliates and the Partnership's portfolio companies (the "Affected Parties"). Each Limited Partner 
acknowledges and agrees that the Affected Parties derive independent economic value from the 
Confidential Information not being generally known and that the Confidential Information is the subject of 
reasonable efforts to maintain its secrecy. Each Limited Partner further acknowledges and agrees that the 
Confidential Information is a trade secret, the disclosure of which is likely to cause substantial and 
irreparable competitive harm to the Affected Parties or their respective businesses. 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner agrees to hold all Confidential Information in confidence, 
and not to disclose any Confidential Information to any third party without the prior written consent of the 
General Partner. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, each Limited Partner may disclose such 
Confidential Information: (i) to its officers, directors, trustees, wholly-owned subsidiaries, employees and 
outside experts (including but not limited to its attorneys and accountants) on a "need to know" basis, so 
long as such persons are bound by the same duties of confidentiality to the Partnership as such Limited 
Partner, and so long as such Limited Partner shall remain liable for any breach of this paragraph 15.15 by 
such persons; (ii) to the extent that such information is required to be disclosed in connection with any civil 
or criminal proceeding; (iii) to the extent that such information is required (as determined in good faith by 
the disclosing Limited Partner after consultation with counsel) to be disclosed by applicable law in 
connection with any governmental, administrative or regulatory proceeding or filing (including any 
inspection or examination or any disclosure necessary in connection with a request for information made 
under a state or federal freedom of information act or similar law), after reasonable prior written notice to 
the General Partner (except where such notice is expressly prohibited by law); (iv) to the extent that such 
information was received from a third party not subject to confidentiality limitations and such Limited 
Partner can establish that it rightfully received such information from such party other than as a result of the 
breach of this paragraph 15.15; (v) to the extent such information was rightfully in such Limited Partner's 
possession prior to the Partnership's conveyance of such information to such Limited Partner, as evidenced 
by the Limited Partner's prior written records; or (vi) to the extent that the information provided by the 
Partnership is otherwise available in the public domain in the absence of any improper or unlawful action 
on the part of such Partner. Any Limited Partner seeking to make disclosure in reliance on the foregoing 
47. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591744
--- PAGE 55 ---
clauses (ii) and (iii) above shall use its best efforts to claim any relevant exception under such laws or 
obligations which would prevent or limit public disclosure of the Confidential Information and provide the 
General Partner immediate notice upon the Limited Partner's receipt of a request for disclosure of any 
Confidential Information pursuant to such laws or obligations. 
(c) 
Each Limited Partner also agrees that any document constituting or containing, or 
any other embodiment of, any Confidential Information shall be returned to the Partnership upon the 
General Partner's request. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the General 
Partner may withhold disclosure of any Confidential Information (other than this Agreement or tax reports) 
to any particular Limited Partner if the General Partner reasonably determines that the disclosure of such 
Confidential Information to such Limited Partner may result in the general public gaining access to such 
Confidential Information or that such disclosure is not in the best interests of the Partnership or its 
investments; provided, however, that to the extent that any information is not delivered to a Limited Partner 
based on the General Partner's exercise of its discretion under this sentence, such information shall be made 
available for review, but not copying, during regular business hours at a location mutually determined by 
the General Partner and such Limited Partner. In no event shall a Limited Partner be denied access to 
information deliverable pursuant to paragraph 11.7 of this Agreement. 
(d) 
With respect to each Limited Partner that is subject to any "freedom of 
information," "sunshine" or other law, rule or regulation that imposes upon such Limited Partner an 
obligation to make information available to the public, the Partnership hereby requests confidential 
treatment of the Confidential Information, and such Limited Partner shall use commercially reasonable 
efforts to take such action as necessary for such Confidential Information to be exempt from disclosure, to 
the maximum extent permitted under such law, rule or regulation. 
(e) 
With respect to each Limited Partner that is a "fund of funds" or a similar pooled 
investment vehicle (but specifically excluding any pension, retirement or similar benefit plan) (a "Pooled 
Vehicle Partner"), the Pooled Vehicle Partner shall, subject to paragraph 15.15(d), be permitted to make 
disclosure to its direct equity owners (but not to any indirect or other beneficial owners), that are subject to 
a written confidentiality agreement or obligation that provides a degree of protection to the Partnership 
comparable to that provided in this paragraph 15.15, of solely the following Confidential Information: (i) 
the Pooled Vehicle Partner's status as a Limited Partner of the Partnership, (ii) the amount of such Pooled 
Vehicle Partner's Capital Commitment, (iii) the total amount of such Pooled Vehicle Partner's Capital 
Commitment that has been drawn down pursuant to capital calls, (iv) quarterly and annual reports 
summarizing the status of the Pooled Vehicle Partner's investment in the Partnership (except that any 
financial information regarding the Partnership and any information concerning any portfolio company in 
which the Partnership has invested shall not be disclosed and must be redacted), and (v) the name and 
address of the Partnership. 
(f) 
The General Partner agrees to hold the identity of each Limited Partner in 
confidence if requested to do so by such Limited Partner, and not to disclose such identity to any third party 
without the prior written consent of such Limited Partner; provided, however, that the General Partner may 
disclose such identity (i) to its members, Affiliates, employees and outside experts (including but not 
limited to its attorneys and accountants) so long as such persons have an obligation to maintain such 
identity in confidence; (ii) to the extent that such information is required to be disclosed in connection with 
any civil or criminal proceeding; (iii) to the extent that such information is required (as determined in good 
faith by the General Partner) to be disclosed by applicable law in connection with any governmental, 
administrative or regulatory proceeding or filing (including any inspection or examination or any disclosure 
necessary in connection with a request for information made under a state or federal freedom of information 
act or similar law); or (iv) to the extent that the information provided by the Partnership is otherwise 
available in the public domain in the absence of any improper or unlawful action on the part of such Partner. 
48. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591745
--- PAGE 56 ---
(g) 
Each Limited Partner agrees to notify such Limited Partner's attorneys, 
accountants and other similar advisers about their obligations in connection with this paragraph 15.15 and 
will further cause such advisers to abide by the aforesaid provisions of this paragraph 15.15. 
(h) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph 15.15, each Partner 
(and each Affiliate and Person acting on behalf of any such Partner) agrees that each Partner (and its 
attorneys, accountants and other similar advisers) may disclose to appropriate governmental authorities, the 
tax treatment and tax structure of the formation and operation of the Partnership and materials (including 
opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such Partner relating to such tax treatment and tax 
structure. This authorization is not intended to permit and does not authorize the disclosure of any of the 
following Confidential Information or other information relating to the Partnership: (i) any information not 
related to the tax treatment or tax structure of the formation or operation of the Partnership, (ii) the identities 
of Partners or potential investors in the Partnership, (iii) the identities of any portfolio companies or 
potential portfolio companies of the Partnership or a Prior Fund, (iv) the existence or status of any 
negotiations to which the Partnership or its Affiliate is a party, (v) any pricing or financial information 
(except to the extent such pricing or financial information is related to the tax treatment or tax structure of 
the formation or operation of the Partnership), or (vi) any other term or detail not relevant to the tax 
treatment or the tax structure of the Partnership. 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 
49. 
126316015 v3 
EFTA00591746
--- PAGE 57 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Partners have executed this Limited Partnership Agreement as of the 
date first written above. 
GENERAL PARTNER: 
VALAR VENTURES GP III LLC 
By: 
Nr —
James Fitzgerald, Managing Member 
LIMITED PARTNER: 
VALAR VENTURES GP III LLC 
as attorney-in-fact, for and on behalf of each Limited Partner 
c 
- 
By: 
James Fitzgerald, Managing Member 
"THE SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "1933 ACT"), AND 
MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS THERE IS AN 
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 1933 ACT COVERING SUCH 
SECURITIES OR THE GENERAL PARTNER RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE 
HOLDER OF THESE SECURITIES REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE GENERAL 
PARTNER, STATING THAT SUCH SALE, TRANSFER, ASSIGNMENT OR HYPOTHECATION IS 
EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
1933 ACT." 
VALAR GLOBAL FUND III LP 
SIGNATURE PAGE. TO LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
EFTA00591747

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591748.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591748.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mark Jude Tramp. MD, PhD 
Curriculum vitae 
CURRICULUM VITAE 
PART I: General Information 
DATE PREPARED: May I, 2016 
Name 
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D., Ph.D. 
Office Address 
The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
2220 Lynn Road, Suite 300 
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360 
tel: (805)-495.6702 
fax: (805)495.6702 
E-Mail 
mtramo@ucla.edu 
Place of Birth 
Bronx, New York 
Education 
1978, B.A., Yale College 
1982, M.D. (Neurology), Cornell University Medical College 
1998, Ph.D. (Neurobiology), Harvard Graduate School of Arts & Sciences 
Postdoctoral Training 
1982-1983, Intern in Internal Medicine, LA County - USC Medical Center 
1983.1986, Resident in Neurology, The New York Hospital - Cornell University Medical 
Center 
1985, Chief Resident, Neurology Ward, The New York Hospital 
1986, Chief Resident, Neurology Ward, Memorial Hospital - Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center 
1986.1987, Fellow (Cognitive Neuroscience), Dept. of Neurology, The New York Hospital - Cornell 
University Medical Center and Memorial Hospital - Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center 
Academic and Major Professional Appointments 
1987-1988, Assistant Professor of Neurology, Cornell University Medical College 
1988.1992, Assistant Professor of Medicine (Neurology) and of Psychiatry, Dartmouth Medical School 
1993.1999, Instructor in Neurobiology, Harvard Medical School 
2000.2009, Assistant Professor of Neurology, Harvard Medical School 
2000.2005, Faculty, Harvard-M.I.T. Speech & Hearing Bioscience & Technology Graduate Studies Program 
2000.2009, Board of Honors Tutors, Department of Psychology, Harvard University 
2000.2009, Faculty Fellow, Mind Brain & Behavior Interfaculty Initiative, Harvard University 
2002-2009, Teaching Affiliate, Department of Biology (Neurobiology), Harvard University 
2002-current, Director, The Institute for Music & Brain Science, Boston, MA 
2010-current, Lecturer in Ethnomusicology, UCLA Herb Alpert School of Music, 
2012-2016, Assistant Clinical Professor of Neurology, David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA 
2016-current, Associate Clinical Professor of Neurology, David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA 
Hospital and Affiliated Institution Appointments 
July 1987 — June 1988, Attending Neurologist, The New York Hospital, NY, NY 
July 1988 — June 1991, Attending Neurologist, Dartmouth-Hitchcock Memorial Hospital, Hanover, NH 
July 1988 — Sept 1991, Neurology Consultant, Franklin Regional Hospital, Franklin, NH 
July 1992 —Dec 2009, Attending Neurologist, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA 
July 1992 — June 2005, Neurology Consultant, McLean Hospital, Belmont, MA 
EFTA00591748
--- PAGE 2 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
July 1996 — Dec 2009, Research Associate, Eaton-Peabody Laboratory of Auditory Physiology, Massachusetts 
Eye & Ear Infirmary, Boston, MA 
1996.2005, Research Affiliate, Research Laboratory of Electronics, Department of Electrical Engineering & 
Computer Science, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 
1999.2005, Associate Neurologist, Affiliated Staff, Brigham & Women's Hospital, Boston, MA 
2009.2011, Associate Neurologist, Affiliated Staff, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA 
2009.2010, Medical Director, Neurological & Rehabilitation Services, and Staff Neurologist, Good 
Samaritan Hospital, Los Angeles, CA 
2009.2013, Staff Physician, Section of Neurology, Dept of Medicine, Good Samaritan Hospital 
2012-current, Staff Neurologist, Ronald Reagan-UCLAMedical Center, Los Angeles, CA 
2013-current, Staff Neurologist, Los Robles Hospital & Medical Center, Thousand Oaks, CA 
Other Professional Positions and Major Visiting Appointments 
1998-current, Advisory Board, Songs of Love Foundation, New York, NY 
1999.2000, Board, Soldiers Field Park Children's Center, Boston, MA 
2000.2005, Advisory Board, BioMusic Program, National Musical Arts, Washington, DC 
2000, Consultant, Berkshire Hills Music Academy, South Hadley, MA 
2002-current, Scientific Advisory Board, Science Museum of Minnesota, St. Paul, MN 
2004.2007, Science Advisor, Morphonix, Inc., Sausalito, CA 
2007-current, Advisory Board, National Center for Human Performance, Texas Medical Cu, Houston, TX 
2014-current, Board of Directors, University of California Music Experience Research Community 
Initiaitve 
Licensure and Certification 
1983, Diplomate, National Board of Medical Examiners 
1983-current, Drug Enforcement Administration Certification, U.S.A. 
1983.1988, New York State Medical License 
1988-current, Diplomate in Neurology, American Board of Psychiatry and Neurology 
1988.1992, New Hampshire Medical License 
1991-2010, Massachusetts Medical License 
1991-2010, Massachusetts Drug Enforcement Administration Certification 
2009-current, California Medical License 
Hospital and Health Care Organization Service Responsibilities 
1986.1987, Fellow, then Attending, Stroke and Coma Team, The New York Hospital, NY, NY 
1986.1988, Staff Physician, Medical and Neurological Services, Burke Rehabilitation Center, White Plains, NY 
1987-1988, Attending, Neurology Consult Service, Behavioral Neurology Consult Service, Neurology Faculty 
Practice Group, and Neurology Residents Clinic, The New York Hospital 
1988.1991, Attending, Behavioral Neurology Consult Service and Neurology Residents Clinic, Mary Hitchcock 
Memorial Hospital, Hanover, NH 
1988.1991, Neurology Consultant, Franklin Regional Hospital, Franklin, NH 
1992-2009, Attending, Neurology Inpatient Service, General Neurology Consult Inpatient Service, and 
Cognitive/Behavioral Neurology Outpatient Unit, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA 
1995.2005, Neurology Inpatient and Outpatient Consult Services, McLean Hospital, Belmont, MA 
2009.2010, Medical Director, Neurological & Rehabilitation Services, & Staff Neurologist, Good Samaritan 
Hospital, LA, CA 
2012-current, Attending, Neurology Residents Clinic, Reagan-UCLA Medical Center, LA, CA 
2013.2016, Stroke Team, Los Robles Hospital & Medical Center, Thousand Oaks, CA 
2013-current, Staff Neurologist, Los Robles Hospital & Medical Center, Thousand Oaks, CA 
Committee Assignments 
1996.2000, Standing Committee on Neuroscience, Harvard University 
2000-current, Standing Committee on Mind/Brain/Behavior, Harvard University2002-2003, Subcommittee 
on Undergraduate Curriculum, Harvard Mind/Brain/Behavior Interfaculty 
Initiative 
2002, NIH National Institute on Deafness & Other Communication Disorders, Special Emphasis Review 
EFTA00591749
--- PAGE 3 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
Panel, Exploratory/Developmental Research Program 
2003.4, 2008-9, NSF Grant Review Committee 
2004.2007, Large Animal Users Group, Massachusetts General Hospital 
2006.2009, Steering Committee, Mind Brain & Behavior Interfaculty Initiative, Harvard University 
2010.2011, Scientific Organizing Committee, Music Science & Medicine Symposium, New York 
Academy of Sciences 
2013.2016, Stroke Committee, Los Robles Hospital & Medical Center 
2015-current, Board of Directors, University of California Music Experience & Communication Research 
Community Initiative 
Professional Societies 
1983-current, American Academy of Neurology, Member 
1985-current, American Society for Composers, Authors, and Publishers, Writer Member 
1986.2010, Acoustical Society of America, Member 
I989-current, Society for Neuroscience, Member 
1991-1992, Stroke Council, American Heart Association, Fellow 
1992-2007, American Association for the Advancement of Science 
1995.2009, Society for Music Perception & Cognition 
1998.2008 Association for Research in Otolaryngology 
2000.2008, New York Academy of Sciences 
2006.7, Boston Music Research Association 
2009-current, National Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences 
Editorial Boards 
1989-current, Reviewer, Science, Nature Neuroscience Reviews, Neuron, Journal of Neurophysiology, Trends 
in Neurosciences, Journal of the Acoustical Society of America, Cerebral Cortex, Music & Medicine, 
Oxford Univ. Press books (partial list) 
1994.1998, Consulting Editor, Music Perception 
1997-2005, Associate Editor, Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience 
2007-current, Advisory Board, Journal of Interdisciplinary Music Studies 
Awards and Honors 
1974.1978, Joseph Tauber Scholar, Yale University 
1978, Bachelor of Arts cum laude with Honors in the Major (Biology), Yale University 
1978.1982, Joseph Collins Foundation Scholar, Cornell University Medical College 
1981-1982, Vincent Astor Scholar, Cornell University Medical College 
1987-1988, National Research Service Award, Physiology, National Institute of Neurological & 
Communicative Disorders & Stroke, National Institutes of Health 
1988.1991, Program Project Award, Co-Principal Investigator, National Institute of Neurological Disorders & 
Stroke. National Institutes of Health 
1989.1991, Cognitive Science Award, Co-Principal Investigator, Office of Naval Research 
1991-1992, National Research Service Award, National Institute of Mental Health 
1992-1997, Clinical Scientist Development Award, National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication 
Disorders, National Institutes of Health 
1992-1993, Sackler Scholar in Psychobiology, Harvard University 
1993.1994, Alwin M. Pappenheimer Scholar, Harvard University 
1997, Research Award, National Organization for Hearing Research 
1997-1998, Provost's Award for Educational Innovation, Harvard University 
1997-2002, Cognitive Neuroscience Program Award, McDonnell-Pew Foundation 
1998.2002, FIRST Award, National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders, National 
Institutes of Health 
2000, Harvard Medical School Class of 2000 Faculty Award for Excellence in Clinical Teaching (finalist) 
2000.2001, Gordon and Llura Gund Research Award, Mind/Brain/Behavior Interfaculty Initiative, Harvard 
University 
2002-current, Institute for Music & Brain Science 
2009, Performing Arts Medicine Association Richard Lederman Award 
EFTA00591750
--- PAGE 4 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
2009.2010, Grammy Foundation Research Award 
2015.2016, President's Research Catalyst Award, University of California 
PART II: Research, Teaching, and Clinical Contributions 
Report of Teaching 
Local contributions 
The New York Hospital - Cornell Medical Center, 1986.1988 
1986.1988, Neurology Outpatient Clinic, Attending, PGY 2-4 Neurology Residents, 48 hrs/yr 
1986.1988, Cognitive Neuroscience Seminar Series for Neurology Residents, Organizer and 
Lecturer, 36 hrs/yr 
1986.1988, Neurology/Neurosurgery Grand Rounds, I per year 
1987-1988, Neurology Consult Service, Attending, PGY-3 Neurology Resident, 112 hrs/yr 
1987-1988, Third Year Clerkship in Neurology, Tutor, 4 students/yr, 20 hrs/yr 
1987-1988, Fourth Year Neurology Elective in Cognitive Neuroscience, Tutor, 2 students/yr, 40 hrs/yr 
Dartmouth — Hitchcock Medical Center, 1988.1991 
1988-1991, Neurology Outpatient Clinic, Attending, PGY 2-4 Neurology Residents, 60 hrs/yr 
1989, 1990, Neurology/Neurosurgery Grand Rounds, 1 per year 
1988.1991, Resident Research Elective in Cognitive Neuroscience, Tutor, 40 hrs/yr 
1989.1991, Behavioral Neurology Ward Rounds, 12 hrs/yr 
1989.1991, McDonnell-Pew Graduate Studies in Cognitive Neuroscience, Lecturer & Laboratory 
Instructor, 2 students/yr, 60 hrs/yr 
1998.1991, 2nd-Year Scientific Basis of Medicine: Neurology, Lecturer, 10 hrs/yr 
1989.1991, Fourth Year Elective in Cognitive Neuroscience, Tutor, 2 students/yr, 40 hrs/yr 
Harvard Medical School, Graduate School Division of Medical Sciences, and College; Harvard-MIT Division 
of Health Sciences and Technology; and Massachusetts General Hospital, 1992-2009 
1992, Program in Neuroscience Seminar, Wood's Hole 
1992-2009, Neurology Ward or Consult Service, Attending, PGY 1, 2, and 4 Neurology, 
Psychiatry, and Physiatry Residents and Interns, 100+ hrs/yr 
1992-2009, Cognitive/Behavioral Neurology Unit, Attending, PGY 3 Neurology Residents, 
hrs/yr 
1992-current, Neurology Residents Cognitivenkhavioral Neurology Seminar, Attending, 24 hrs/yr 
1993, Second Year Physical Diagnosis in Neurology, Tutor, 4 students/yr, 16 hrs/yr 
1993, HST 722: Brain Mechanisms of Hearing and Speech, Lecturer, 12 graduate students/yr, 4 hrs/yr 
1993, Neurobiology Department Seminar Series, Lecturer, 20 hrs 
1993, 1995, 1997, Neurobiology 208: The Visual System, Lecturer, 10 medical and graduate 
students/yr, 6 hrs/yr 
1994-current, Clinical Clerkship in Neurology, Examiner, 1 medical student/yr, 2 hrs/yr 
1994, 2000, Neurology Residents Neuroscience Seminar, Lecturer, PGY 2-4 Neurology Residents, 5 
hrs/yr 
1995.2004, General Neurology Residents' Clinic, Preceptor, PGY 2-4 Neurology Residents, 30 
hrs/yr 
1995.2007, Tutor, PGY-2 Residents Cognitive Neurology Case Seminar, 40 hrs/yr 
1996,1999,2007, 2m-Year HMS/HDS Course: Human Nervous System & Behavior, Lecturer &Tutor, 
12-20 medical/dental students/yr, 60 hrs/yr 
1997,1998,2005 HST 799, Special Topics Research in the Speech & Hearing Sciences, 1 student/yr, 
120 hrs/yr 
1997, 2001, MGH Neurology Grand Rounds, 1 per year 
1998, 1999, 2001, Neurology Professor's Rounds, PGY 1-4 Neurology, Psychiatry, and Physiatry 
Residents and Interns, 2 hrs/yr 
1998, 2000, 2001, Psychology 987b, Music, Mind, & Brain, 12 undergraduates/yr, 100 hrs/yr 
1999.2001, Mind/Brain/Behavior Thesis Workshop, 12 undergraduates/yr, 15 hrs/yr 
1999, 2000, 2005, 2006 Behavioral Neurology Signs Rounds, PGY 1.4 Neurology, Psychiatry, and 
Physiatry 12 hrs/yr 
2000, Mind/Brain/Behavior Faculty Fellowship Seminar Series, 20 hrs 
EFTA00591751
--- PAGE 5 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
2000.2009, Mortality and Morbidity Conference, PGY 2.4 Neurology Residents, 18 hrs/yr 
2001, Mind/Brain/Behavior Advisory Board Seminar 
2004, 2007, HST 725, Music Perception & Cognition (Co-Instructor), 4-8 students/semester 
2004.2009, General Neurology Residents' Clinic, Attending, PGY 2-4 Neurology Residents, 
240 hrs/yr 
2007, Neurobiology 101, Auditory Neurobiology of Language & Music (Lecture course) 
Good Samaritan Hospital, Neurological & Rehabilitation Inpatient Service 
2010, Neurorehabilitation Inpatient Rounds (twice monthly, 20 PM&Rs, RNs, SpTs, PTs, OTs, RecTs, 
CSWs) 
David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA/Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, 2010-current 
2010, Neurology/Neuroscience Grand Rounds, Functional Brain Organization in Relation to Music 
Cognition 
2012-current, Professors Rounds, Neurology Inpatient Patient Service (semi-annual) 
2012-current, Neurology Residents Outpatient Clinic (monthly) 
UCLA Herb Alpert School of Music 
2010.2012, Ethnomusicology 188: Advanced Topics. Music and the Brain. (annual seminar, 
students/quarter, 150 hrs/yr) 
2013-current, Music Industry 103: Advanced Topics. Music and the Brain. (annual seminar, 
students/quarter, 150 hrs/yr) 
Continuing Medical Education Courses 
1988, Cornell Medical College, Lecturer, Review of Internal Medicine, Lecturer, NY, NY 
1997-2009, Harvard Medical School, Co-Founder, Director (2001, 2007), Co-Director, & Lecturer, Dementia: 
A Comprehensive Update, 80 hrs/yr, Boston, MA 
2016, Mozart & the Mind: An Exploration of Prodigy, Lecturer, SD, CA 
Advisory and Supervisory Responsibilities 
Cornell Medical College 
1987-1988, First Year Student Faculty Advisor, 6 students/yr, 24 hrs/yr 
Harvard Medical School, Graduate School Division of Medical Sciences, and College; Harvard-MIT Division 
of Health Sciences and Technology; and Massachusetts General Hospital 
1995.2007, Psychology 985, Preparation for the Honors Thesis I undergraduate every other yr, 50 
hrs/student 
1995.2009, Psychology 990, Honors Thesis Advisor, 1 undergraduate every other year, 100 
hrs/student 
1995.2007, Psychology 985, Preparation for the Honors Thesis, 1 undergraduate every other yr, 50 
hrs/student 
1997-2000, Psychology 910r, Supervised Reading/Research, 1 undergraduate every other year, 50 
hrs/student 
1998, 2002 Biology 98r, Introduction to Research, 1 undergraduate/yr, 50 hrs/yr 
1998.1999, Biology 99, Honors Thesis Advisor, 2 undergraduates/yr, 100 hrs/student 
1999.2000, Thesis Advisory Committee, HST Speech & Hearing Sciences, 1 graduate student/yr, 16 
hrs/yr 
2000, Thesis Qualifying Examination Committee, HST, Speech & Hearing Sciences 
2000.2001, Psychology Honors Thesis Committee, 2 undergraduates/yr; 20 hrs/student 
2000.2001, Special Concentrations 99, Honors Thesis Advisor, 1 undergraduate/yr, 100 hrs/yr 
2001-2002, Special Concentrations 91r, Supervised Reading and Research, 1 undergraduate, 15 hrs/yr 
2002-2003, PhD Thesis Committee, Cory Miller, Psychology, 20 hrs/yr 
2006.2007, Mentor, Senior Neurology Resident (1), 50 hrs/yr 
2008.2009, PhD Thesis Committee, Aaron Berkowitz, Music, 20 hrs/yr 
David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA/Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center 
2012-2013, Tutor, Senior Resident Research Seminar (Cognitive Neuroscience), 10 hrs/yr 
Regional, national, and international contributions 
1985, Session on Multiple Sclerosis: Clinical Investigation and Therapy, 37th Annual Meeting of the 
American Academy of Neurology 
EFTA00591752
--- PAGE 6 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
1987, Cerebrovascular Disease II: Poster Presentations, American Neurological Association 114th Annual 
Meeting 
1988, Session on Cerebral Metabolism, 40th Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Neurology 
1989, Behavioral Neurology Poster Session, American Neurological Association 114th Annual Meeting 
1989, Interhemispheric Relations Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 19th Annual Meeting 
1989, McDonnell Foundation Summer Institute in Cognitive Neuroscience Faculty and Lecturer (invited) 
1990, Second International Conference on Music and the Cognitive Sciences, Cambridge University, Lecturer (invited) 
1990, Human Behavioral Neurobiology Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 20th Annual Meeting 
1990, First Annual McDonnell-Pew Program in Cognitive Neuroscience Investigators' Workshop, Lecturer (invited) 
1990, Behavioral Neurology Poster Session, American Neurological Association I I 5th Annual Meeting 
1990, McDonnell Foundation Summer Institute in Cognitive Neuroscience Faculty and Lecturer (invited) 
1991, Functional Aspects of Auditory Cortex Symposium, Lecturer, International Brain Research Organization 
Third World Congress of Neuroscience, (invited) 
1991, Music and the Brain Session, Lecturer, Second International Conference on Music Perception and Cognition, 
UCLA (invited) 
1991, Central Auditory Physiology Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 21st Annual Meeting 
1991, Cognitive Neuroscience Session, Co-Chair and Lecturer, 2nd International Conference on Epilepsy and the 
Corpus Callosum (invited) 
1991, Scientific Session, Lecturer, Society for University Neurosurgeon (invited) 
1991, Neurology Grand Rounds, Lecturer, Yale School of Medicine Neurological Study Unit and Yale-New Haven 
Hospital (invited) 
1992, Central Auditory Physiology Slide Session, Society for Neuroscience 22nd Annual Meeting 
1992, Music and the Brain Symposium, Lecturer, Art Institute of Chicago (invited) 
1992, International Conference on the Psychophysiology and Psychopathology of the Sense of Music, Lecturer (invited) 
1993, Central Auditory Physiology Slide Session, Society for Neuroscience 23rd Annual Meeting 
1994, Behavioral Neuroscience Seminar Series, Brigham & Women's Hospital/Beth Israel Hospital (invited) 
1994, Central Auditory Physiology Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 24th Annual Meeting 
1994, Harvard Music Department Seminar Series (invited) 
1996, Functional Aspects of Auditory Cortex Workshop, Lecturer, XXVIth International Congress of Psychology 
(invited) 
1996, Auditory Cortex Physiology - Primates Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 26th Annual Meeting 
1997, Music and the Brain Symposium, Lecturer, International Computer Music Conference, (invited) 
1997, Pedagogical Session: Neurobiology, Lecturer, International Conference on Complex Systems 
(invited) 
1997-2009, Dementia: A Comprehensive Update, Director/Co-Director/Lecturer, Harvard Medical School 
Dept of Continuing Medical Education 
1998, Moderator, Press Conference on Music and the Brain, Society for Neuroscience 28th Annual 
Meeting, LA, CA (invited) 
1998, Auditory Cortex Physiology - Complex Sounds Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 28th 
Annual Meeting 
1998, Harvard Psychology Department Seminar Series, Lecturer, 20 hrs 1999, Auditory Cortex Slide 
Session, 22nd Association for Research in Otolaryngology Midwinter Meeting 
1999, Central Auditory Physiology: Spectrotemporal Coding Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 
29th Annual Meeting 
2000, Biological Foundations of Music, New York Academy of Sciences (invited) 
2000, The Music of Nature and the Nature of Music, Lecturer, Smithsonian Institute, National Musical 
Arts, National Academy of Sciences (invited) 
2000, Association for Research in Otolaryngology: Inner Ear: Normal Structure or Function Poster Session 
2000, 2001, Cambridge Hospital, Neurology Lecture Series (invited) 
2001, 21 Club, Harvard Mind/Brain/Behavior Board Dinner, New York, NY (invited) 
2001, Auditory: Coding, Tuning and Perception Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 31st Annual 
Meeting 
2001, Berklee College of Music, Music Therapy Symposium, Music & The Brain (invited) 
2001, The Harvard Club of Boston: A Saturday of Symposia. Music, Mind, and Brain (invited) 
2002, Learning & The Brain Symposium, Music Education, & The Brain. Cambridge, MA (invited) 
2002, Hudson Theatre, Beth Abraham Music Therapy Program, Music Cognition. NY, NY (invited) 
EFTA00591753
--- PAGE 7 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
2002, Auditory Neuroscience Seminar Series, University of Connecticut at Storrs, Effects of Auditory 
Cortex Lesions on Music Perception (invited) 
2003, Neuroesthetics Symposium, University of California at Berkeley, Widely Distributed Neural Systems 
for Musical Aesthetics (invited) 
2004, Linda and Jack Gill Center for Biomolecular 2004 Symposium and Award, Indiana University (invited) 
2004, Jill S. Titus Lecture, Institute for Mind, Body & Spirituality, Lesley College (invited) 
2004, Special Session of the 501h Annual Meeting of the Acoustic Society of America, Musical Acoustics: 
Neurophysiology of Musical Instrument Playing, New York (invited) 
2004, Carnegie Hall Concert and Symposium, Beautiful Minds, Beautiful Music, New York (invited) 
2005, Neurosciences & Music Symposium, Leipzig, Germay (invited) 
2005, Leibniz Institute, Magdeburg Germany (invited) 
2005, Harvard Club of Fort Lee, FL (invited) 
2005, Roland M. Pinkham Annual Memorial Lecture, Swedish Medical Center, Seattle, WA (invited) 
2006, Harvard Medical Exchange Club, Harvard Club of Boston (invited) 
2006, Neurosciences Institute, Lalolla, CA (invited) 
2006, Arts in Medicine Series, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center (invited) 
2007, National Center for Human Performance, Houston, TX (invited) 
2007, Center for Performing Arts Medicine, Methodist-Cornell Medical Center, Houston, TX (invited) 
2007, Cold Spring Harbor Interdisciplinary Symposium on Memory in Neuroscience & the Humanities 
(invited) 
2008, National Academy of Sciences Annual Meeting, Koshland Science Museum, Music and the Brain: 
Performance and Discussion, Washington, DC (invited) 
2009, Keynote Lecture, Cleveland Clinic, Music and the Brain Symposium, Cleveland, OH (invited) 
2008, Duke University, Opening Lecture, Music and the Brain Sympsosium, Durham, NC (invited) 
2009, Shepherd School of Music, Rice University, Exploring the Mind Through Music Symposium, 
Houston, TX (invited) 
2009, Moderator, Press Conference on Music and the Brain, Society for Neuroscience 39th Annual 
Meeting, Chicago, IL (invited) 
2009, Barrow Neurological Institute, Neurology/Neurosurgery Grand Rounds, Phoenix, AZ (invited) 
2009, International Mind Brain & Education Society Meeting, Panel: Advances in the cognitive 
neuroscience of music: Implications for education, Philadelphia, PN (invited) 
2009, National Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences, Board Meeting, LA, CA (invited) 
2009, International Mind Brain & Education Society Meeting, Panel: Emotion, learning, & the brain: 
Insights from experimental neuroscience & educational approaches to children with neurological 
disease, Philadelphia. PN (invited) 
2009, Michael Ty Memorial Lecture, Brigham & Women's Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital, 
Boston, Massachusetts (invited) 
2009, Richard J. Lederman Keynote Lecture, Performing Arts Medicine Association, Snowmass, CO 
(invited) 
2009, Music & the Brain Symposium, Lincoln Center, New York, NY (invited) 
2010, Music & the Brain Forum, Stanford University Institute for Creativity & the Arts, Palo Alto, CA 
(invited) 
2011, New York Academy of Sciences, Music Science & Medicine Symposium, New York, NY (invited) 
2011, Keynote Speaker, International Society for Quantitative Research in Music & Medicine Symposium, 
Ogden, UT (invited) 
2011, Aspen Ideas Festival. Opening Ceremony: The Big Idea; and Music On the Edge Symposium. Aspen 
CO (invited) 
2012, Integrative Music & Medicine Pain Conference, Louis Armstrong Center for Music & Medicine, 
Beth Israel Medical Center, New York, NY (invited) 
2012, Neuroscience of Music Symposium. Lectures: Neural Coding of Tonal Harmony; Cerebral 
Organization of Music-Related Functions. Workshop: Tonal Harmony. Monte Verita, Ascona, 
Switzerland (invited) 
2012, PainWEEK 2012, Music Therapy Symposium, Effect of Music on Neuromodulation of Pain 
Responses, Las Vegas, NV (invited) 
2013, Mental Notes: Music, Cognition & the Brain Symposium, UCLA (invited) 
EFTA00591754
--- PAGE 8 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
2013, Music & Brain Health: A Forum on Neurology, Song, and the Oral Tradition, Port Townsend, WA 
(invited) 
2014, Convergence: A Multidisciplinary Dialogue on Music, Temporal Dynamics Learning Center & Dept 
of Music, UCSD (invited) 
2015, University of California Multi-Campus Symposium on Music in Relation to Neuroscience, Medicine, 
& Education, Los Angeles, CA (Director, Lecturer) 
2016, Music & the Brain, One Day University, Sacramento, CA (invited) 
2016, University of California Multi-Campus Symposium & Research Workshop on Music Experience & 
Communication (Co-Director) 
2016, Mozart & the Mind: An Exploration of Prodigy, SD, CA (invited) 
Public Education (partial list) 
1995, NBC Nightly News with Tom Brokaw, The New York Times Science Times, Boston Magazine 
1996, BBC 4 Television, Los Angeles Times, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, Young Students Learning Library 
Science Yearbook, American Psychological Association Monitor 
1997, The Washington Post, The Boston Globe Quotes of Note, Fox News Channel 
1998, NBC Today Show, PBS Healthweek, CBS National Radio, Public Radio International, New England 
Cable News, KCBS Radio San Francisco, WAV-FM Radio Tokyo, ZIP-FM Radio Nagoya, LA Times. 
USA Today 
1999, Lifetime Channel, Discovery Science Channel, NPR Living On Earth 
2001, National Geographic TV, WBZ-TV Boston, WCVB-TV Boston, Discovery Channel, NPR The 
Connection, US News & World Report, Discover Magazine, The New York Times Science Times, 
The Boston Globe Health/Science 
2002, WCVB-TV Boston, Canadian Broadcasting Corporation Radio Ideas, People Magazine, ABCnews.com, 
NPR Infinite Mind 
2003, The New York Times, Harvard Medical School Alumni Bulletin, Neurology Today, Edmonton Journal 
2004, Journal of the American Medical Association, PBS-TV Closer To Truth, WiredNews.com, Discover 
2005, CBS-TV Sunday Morning, National Public Radio, Chicago Tribune, Seattle Times 
2005, Swedish Medical Center Roland D. Pinkham, MD Lectureship, Human Brain Organization in Relation 
to Music Cognition 
http://videomedia2.swedish.oremediasiteNiewerfipeid
6d3fdb3628c436a905d933568e43a0c 
2005, Swedish Medical Center Roland D. Pinkham, MD Lectureship, Neurology and Neurophysiology of 
Harmony Perception 
http://videomedia2.swedish.oremediasiteNiewer/?peid=b9153bbe053145a8994131601daabeala 
2006, The Wall Street Journal, US News & World Report, NPR, St Louis Post-Dispatch 
2007, Washington Post 
2007, Radiolah 
2008, Nightline, WABC-TV 
2009, All Things Considered, NPR 
2009, Duke University Music and the Brain Symposium Lecture, 
http://wvirw.youtube.cornAvatch?v=gviCJw3BqfQ 
2010, Stanford University Music and the Brain Forum Lecture, 
http://www.youtube.cornAvatch?v=5zLGrbVLvhg 
2011, Keynote Lecture, ISQRMM, http://www.youtube.comAvatch?v=edUh2w4jCtc 
2011, The Science Network, Functional Brain Organization in Relation to Music Cognition & Emotion, 
http://thesciencenehvork.org/search?speakers=Marlc+Jude+Tramo 
2011, Aspen Ideas Festival, GenConnect, http://www.genconnect.comicareer/harvard-medicals-dr-mark-
tramo-science-of-music-video/ 
2011, Aspen Ideas Festival, Mark Tramo's Big Idea at the 2011 Aspen Ideas Opening, 
http://www.aspenideas.org/session/mark-tramos-big-idea-2011-aspen-ideas-festival-opening 
2014, The Doctors, KCAL-TV, How Music Affects the Brain 
2014, The Science Network, From The Beatles to the Brain, 
http://thesciencenetwork.org/search?speakers=Mark+Jude+Tramo 
PART III. 
EFTA00591755
--- PAGE 9 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
A. Bibliography 
1. Tramo MI, Hainline B, Petito F, Lee B, Caronna J Vertebral artery injury and cerebellar stroke 
while swimming. Stroke 1985; 16:1039.1042 
2. Tramo MI, Schneck MJ, Lee BCP, Rapoport S Evoked potentials and magnetic resonance imaging in 
3, Tramo MI, Hainline B Stroke in sports. In: Jordan B, Tsairis P, Warren R, eds. Sports Neurology. 
Rockville, Maryland: Aspen Publishing Co, 1989:98-115 
the diagnosis of multiple sclerosis. Neurology 1985; 35(Suppl 1):105 
4. Levy DE, Sidtis J, Rottenberg DA, Jarden JO, Strothers S, Dhawan V, Ginos JZ, Tramo MJ, Evans 
AC, Plum F The vegetative state and locked-in states affect cerebral blood flow and glucose 
utilization differently. Annals of Neurology 1987; 22:673.682 
5. Tramo MJ, Sidtis Jl, Dhawan V, Strothers S, Moeller J, Ginos J, Sergi M, and Rottenberg DA 
Variability of regional glucose extraction fraction in the normal resting state. Annals of 
Neurology 1987; 22(Suppl):16IA 
6. Tramo MJ, Gazzaniga MS Discrimination and recognition of complex tonal spectra by the cerebral 
hemispheres: Differential lateralization of acoustic-discriminative and semantic-associative 
functions in auditory pattern perception. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1987; 15:1060 
7. Tramo MI, Baynes K, Volpe B Impaired syntactic comprehension and production in Broca's aphasia: 
CT lesion localization and recovery patterns. Neurology 1988; 38:95.98 
8. Eidelberg D, Tramo M, Strother SC, Moeller JR, Sidtis JJ, Dhawan V, Rottenberg DA Variability in 
regional cerebral metabolic rate for glucose (rCMRG1u) and the consequences for the 
study of neurologic disease with FDG/PET. Neurology 1988; 38(Suppl 1):367 
9. Tramo MI, Gazzaniga MS Recovery patterns in neurobehavioral syndromes. W.H.O. Collaborating 
Centre for Research and Training in Neurosciences, Neuroplasticity of the Nervous System, Beijing, 
10. Jouandet ML, Tramo MJ, Herron DM, Hermann A, Loftus WC, Bazell J, Gazzaniga MS Brainprints: 
Computer-generated two-dimensional maps of the human cerebral cortex in vivo. Journal of 
Cognitive Neuroscience 1989; 1:88-117 
11. Oppenheim JS, Skerry JE, Tramo MJ, Gazzaniga MS Magnetic resonance imaging morphology of the 
corpus callosum in monozygotic twins. Annals of Neurology 1989; 26:100.104 
12. Levy DE, Tramo MJ, Plum F Do positron emission tomographic scans measure quality of life? 
Reply. Annals of Neurology 1989; 2:288 
13. Tramo MJ, Reuter-Lorenz P, Gazzaniga MS Pure alexia: Cognitive and anatomical correlates. Annals 
of Neurology 1989; 26:126 
14. Tramo MJ, Bharucha JJ, Musiek FE Music perception and cognition following bilateral lesions of 
auditory cortex. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience 1990; 2:195-212 
(Abstracted by permission In: Hall III, J., ed. 1991 Year Book of Speech, Language, and Hearing, 
Chicago: Mosby 1991; Chapter IS: Auditory Findings in Pathologies) 
15. Jouandet ML, Tramo MJ, Thomas CE, Newton CH, Loftus WC, Weaver JB, Gazzaniga MS 
Brainprints: Inter- and intro-observer reliability. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1990; 16:1151 
16. Tramo MJ, Guglielmo MA, Reuter-Lorenz P, Gazzaniga MS Functional dissociations in 
hemispatial neglect: Brainprints and quantitative lesion localization. Annals of Neurology 1990; 
28:255 
17. Tramo MJ Current Problems in Neurology: 5, Impact of Functional Imaging in Neurology and 
Psychiatry: Book Review. Neurosurgery 1990; 26:354-355 
18. Tramo MJ Lesion Analysis in Neuropsychology: Book Review. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience 
1990; 2:156-157 
19. Tramo MJ, Bharucha JJ Musical priming by the right hemisphere post-callosotomy. 
Neuropsychologia 1991; 29:313.325 
20. Tramo MJ, Bharucha JJ Cortical networks in associative auditory processing. International Brain 
Research Organization Abstracts 1991; 252 
21. Tramo MJ, Musiek FE, Gazzaniga MS Disruption of interhemispheric integration of complex auditory 
information following focal hemorrhage into the posterior body of the corpus callosum. Society for 
Neuroscience Abstracts 1991; 17:1484 
22. Zatorre RJ, Heffner H, Liegeois-Chavel C, Tramo M, Samson S Functional aspects of auditory 
cortex. International Brain Research Organization Abstracts 1991; 8 
23. Green RL, Tramo MJ, Loftus WC, Thomas CE, Brown PB, Weaver JB, Gazzaniga MS 
EFTA00591756
--- PAGE 10 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
Regional cortical surface area measurements in monozygotic twins discordant for schizophrenia 
suggest a left hemisphere basis for the disease. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1991; 17:455 
24. Baynes K, Tramo MJ, Gazzaniga MS Reading with a limited lexicon in the tight hemisphere of a 
callosotomy patient. Neuropsychologia 1992; 30:187-200 
25. Kussmaul CL, Tramo MI, Mangun GR Investigation of harmonic relationships on auditory event-
related potentials to successive pure tones. Psychophysiology 1992; 29:S47 
26. Baynes K, Tramo, MI, Fendrich R, Reeves AG, Gazzaniga MS Specificity of interhemispheric 
transfer following a partial lesion of the corpus callosum. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1992; 
18:1207 
27. Tramo MJ, Cariani PA, Delgutte B Representation of tonal consonance and dissonance in the 
temporal firing patterns of auditory nerve fibers: Responses to musical intervals composed of pure 
tones vs. harmonic complex tones. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1992; 18:382 
28. Tramo MJ Split-brain studies of music perception and cognition. Contemporary Music Review 1993; 
9:113.121 
29. Loftus WC, Tramo MJ, Thomas CE, Green RL, Nordgren RA, Gazzaniga MS Three dimensional 
quantitative analysis of hemispheric asymmetry in the human superior temporal region. Cerebral 
Cortex 1993; 3:349-355 
30. Delgutte B, Cariani PA, Tramo MJ Neurophysiological correlates of the pitch of complex tones. 
Journal of the Acoustical Society of America, Suppl. 1993; 1, 93:2293-2294 
31. Bharucha JJ, Tramo MJ, Zatorre RJ Abstraction of the missing fundamental following bilateral 
lesions of auditory cortex. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1993; 19:1687 
32. Peretz I, Kolinsky R, Tramo M, Labrecque R, Hublet C, Demeurisse G, Belleville S Functional 
dissociations following bilateral lesions of auditory cortex. Brain 1994; 117:1283-1301 
33. Tramo MJ, Grant A, Braida LD Psychophysical measurements of frequency difference limens for 
relative pitch discrimination reveal a deficit following bilateral lesions of auditory cortex. Society 
for Neuroscience Abstracts 1994; 20: 325 
34. Kussmaul CL, Tramo MJ, Mangun GR ERP measures of musical expectancy: Role of the NI00 and 
other early components. Proceedings of the Herbert von Karajan Symposium, Wien, 1994 
35. Tramo MJ, Loftus WC, Thomas CE, Green RL, Mott LA, Gazzaniga MS Surface area of human 
cerebral cortex and its gross morphological subdivisions. In vivo measurements of monozygotic 
twins suggest differential hemisphere effects of genetic factors. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience 
1995; 7:292-302 
36. Loftus WC, Tramo MI, Gazzaniga MS Cortical surface modeling reveals gross morphometric 
correlates of individual differences. Human Brain Mapping 1995; 3:257-270 
37. Tramo MJ, Baynes K, Fendrich R, Mangun GR, Phelps EA, Reuter-Lorenz PA, Gazzaniga MS 
Hemispheric specialization and interhemispheric integration: Insights from experiments with 
commissurotomy patients. In: Reeves AG, Roberts DW, eds., Epilepsy and the Corpus Callosum II, pp 
263-295, NY: Plenum Press, 1995 
38. Tramo MJ, Bellew BF, Hauser MD Discharge patterns of auditory cortical neurons evoked by species-
specific vocalizations and complex synthetic signals in Macaca mulatto. Society for Neuroscience 
Abstracts 1996; 22:1623 
39. Tramo MJ Neural representations of tonal harmony. International Journal of Psychology 1996; 
31:187 
40. Baynes K, Tramo MJ, Reeves AG, Gazzaniga MS Isolation of a right hemisphere cognitive system in 
a patient with anarchic (alien) hand syndrome. Neuropsychologia 1997; 35:1159-1173 
41. Cariani P, Tramo M, Delgutte B Neural representations of pitch through temporal autocorrelation. 
Proceedings of the Audio Engineering Society, AES Preprint #4583 (L-3), 1997 
42. Tramo MJ, Loftus WC, Stukel TA, Green RL, Weaver JB, Gazzaniga MS Brain size, head size, and 
intelligence in monozygotic twins. Neurology 1998; 50:1246.1252 
43. Patel AD, Peretz I, Tramo M, Labreque R Processing prosodic and musical patterns: A 
neuropsychological investigation. Brain and Language 1998; 61:123-144 
44. Tramo MJ, Moraru D, Hauser MD Representation of species-specific vocalizations in the temporal 
discharge patterns of auditory cortical neurons in alert Macaca mulatto. Society for Neuroscience 
Abstracts 1998; 24:401 
45. Tramo MJ Physiological acoustics. In: Beyer RT, Parker SP, eds., McGraw-Hill 1998 Yearbook of 
Science and Technology, Encyclopedia of Science and Technology, NY:McGraw-Hill , pp 305.307 
ICI 
EFTA00591757
--- PAGE 11 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
46. Green RL, Hutsler II, Loftus WC, Tramo MJ, Thomas CE, Silberfarb AW, Nordgren RA, Gazzaniga 
MS. The caudal infrasylvian surface in dyslexia. Neurology 1999; 53:974-981 
47. Tramo MJ, Cariani PA Receptive field organization in the core area of alert macaque auditory cortex. 
Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1999; 25:395 
48. Tramo MJ, Cariani PA, Moran D Spectrotemporal response properties of auditory cortex neurons in 
the alert macaque. Association for Research in Otolaryngology Abstracts 1999; 22:116-117 
49. Kaas JH, Hackett TA, Tramo MJ Auditory processing in primate cerebral cortex. Current Opinion in 
Neurobiology 1999; 9:164-170 
50. Tramo MJ, McKinney MC, Cariani PA, Delgutte B Physiology of tonal consonance and dissonance. 
Association for Research in Otolaryngology Abstracts 2000; 23:275.276 
51. Litovsky R, Fligor B, Tramo M Functional role of the human inferior colliculus in binaural hearing. 
Association for Research in Otolaryngology Abstracts 2000; 23: 286 
52. Tramo MJ Music of the hemispheres. Science 2001; 291:54-5625. 
53. Tramo MJ, Cariani PA, Delgutte B, Braida LD Neurobiological foundations for the theory of harmony 
in Western tonal music. Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences 2001; 930:92-116 
54. Battelli L, Cavanagh P, Intriligator J, Tramo MJ, Henaff M-A, Michel F, Barton JJS Unilateral right 
parietal damage leads to bilateral deficit for high-level motion. Neuron 2001; 32:985-995 
55. McKinney MF, Tramo, MJ, Delgutte B Neural correlates of the dissonance of musical intervals in the 
inferior colliculus. Association for Research in Otolaryngology Abstracts 2001; 24:54-55 
56. Tramo MJ, Rosenbaum ER, Cariani PA, Hauser MD Differential responses of auditory cortex neurons 
to natural and unnatural vocalizations in alert Macaca mulatto. 
Society for Neuroscience 
Abstracts 2001; 26 
57. McKinney MF, Tramo, MI, Delgutte B 
Neural correlates of musical dissonance in the inferior 
colliculus. In Houtsma AJM, Kohlrausch A, Prijs VF, Schoonhoven R, Eds., Physiological and 
Psychophysical Bases of Auditory Function, Maastricth: Shaker Publishing, pp 71-77, 2001 
58. Gray PM, Payne R, Krause B, Tramo MJ The biology of music. Response. Science 2001; 292:2432-
2433 
59. Tramo MJ Pathoanatomy of amusia: Harmony perception and aesthetics. Journal Watch Neurology 
2001; 3:88 
60. Tramo MJ, Shah GD, Braida LB Functional role of auditory cortex in frequency processing 
and pitch perception. Journal of Neurophysiology 2002; 87:122-139 
61. Litovsky RY, Fligor B, Tramo MJ Functional role of the inferior colliculus in binaural hearing. 
Hearing Research 2002; 165; 177.188 
62. Tramo MI The Brain and Music. Harvard Dictionary of Musk, 4ib Edition. (new entry), Cambridge, 
Harvard Press, 2003 
63. Tramo MJ, Koh CK, Shah GD, Braida LD Effects of bilateral auditory cortex lesions on frequency 
processing and virtual pitch perception. ARO Abstracts 2004; 27:78 
64. Tramo MI Physiology, anatomy, and plasticity of the cerebral cortex in relation to musical instrument 
performance. Journal of the Acoustical Society of America 2004 115; 2590 
65. Tramo MI, Koh CK, Shah GD, Braida LD Functional role of the auditory cortex in virtual pitch 
perception. Society for neuroscience Abstracts 2004 
66. Tramo MJ, Cariani PA, Koh CK, Makris N, Braida LD Neurophysiology and neuroanatomy of pitch 
perception. Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences 2005; 1060:148-174. 
67. Koss AD, Tramo MJ, Flaherty AW, Young AB Effect of auditory stimulation with popular music on 
visuomotor integration and gait in Parkinson's disease. Neurology 2006; 67:114 
68. Tramo MJ, Koh CK, Lense MD, Van Ness CM, Krishnamoorthy KS, Kagan J, Caviness VS Effect of 
auditory stimulation with vocal music on neurophysiologic responses to pain in premature infants. 
Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 2006 
69. Dykstra AD, Braida LD, Koh CK, Tramo MJ Intensity discrimination following bilateral lesions of 
auditory cortex. Cognitive Neuroscience Society Abstracts 2007 #G93 
70. Dykstra AD, Braida LD, Koh CK, Tramo MJ Role of primary auditory cortex in intensity processing and 
loudness perception. Music Language Mind Abstracts 2008 
71. Dykstra AD, Braida LD, Koh CK, Tramo MJ Primary and secondary auditory cortex are necessary for 
fine-grained intensity processing and loudness discrimination. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 
2010 
EFTA00591758
--- PAGE 12 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
72. Tramo MI, Lense M, Van Ness C, Kagan l Effect of music on physiological and behavioral 
responses to pain and stress in premature infants: Clinical trial and literature review. Music and 
Medicine 2011; 3: 72-83 
73. Dykstra AD, Koh CK, Braida LD, Tramo MJ Dissociation of detection and discrimination of pure 
tones following bilateral lesions of auditory cortex. PLoS One 2010; 7: e44602. 
74. Murthy K, Tramo M, Dutta S Hydrocephalus secondary to coccidioidal meningitis resolved by medical 
anti-fungal (azoles) therapy alone: Case Report and review of literature. Neurology 2016; 
86:supplement PI.328 
75. Tramo MI, Mooney S, Lee L, Gazzaniga MS Timbre discrimination and recognition by left and right 
hemispheres of split-brain patients. (submitted) 
76. Tramo MI, Bonn C, Mooney S, Braida LD Effects of bilateral human auditory cortex lesions on pitch 
perception: pure-tones versus harmonic-tones with and with energy at the fundamental frequency. 
(submitted) 
In preparation 
Tramo MI, Cognitive Neuroscience of Music, 2nd Edition. London: Oxford Univ. Press 
B. Educational Material 
1. Tramo MJ Sensory and perceptual systems. In: Cognitive and Behavioral Neurology: Focus on 
Dementia, 1997.8 Course syllabus, Harvard Medical School Department of Continuing Medical 
Education 
2. Tramo MI Psychology 987b, Music, Mind, and Brain, 1998-2006, Course syllabus, Harvard College 
3. Tramo MI, Functional organization of the cerebral cortex. In: Dementia: A Comprehensive Update, 
2001-7 Course syllabus, Harvard Medical School Department of Continuing Medical Education 
C. Thesis 
1. Tramo MJ Neural representations of acoustic information in relation to music and voice perception. 
Harvard University, Cambridge, MA, Ph.D. Dissertation, 1998 (Thesis Advisors: David Hubei, MD 
& Margaret Livingstone PhD) 
D. Nonprint Material 
1. www.BrainMusic.org, The Institute for Music and Brain Science 
END 
EFTA00591759

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591760.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591760.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mark Jude Tramp. MD, PhD 
Curriculum vitae 
CURRICULUM VITAE 
PART I: General Information 
DATE PREPARED: May I, 2016 
Name 
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D., Ph.D. 
Office Address 
The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
2220 Lynn Road, Suite 300 
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360 
tel 
E-Mail 
Place of Birth 
Bronx, New York 
Education 
1978, B.A., Yale College 
1982, M.D. (Neurology), Cornell University Medical College 
1998, Ph.D. (Neurobiology), Harvard Graduate School of Arts & Sciences 
Postdoctoral Training 
1982-1983, Intern in Internal Medicine, LA County - USC Medical Center 
1983.1986, Resident in Neurology, The New York Hospital - Cornell University Medical 
Center 
1985, Chief Resident, Neurology Ward, The New York Hospital 
1986, Chief Resident, Neurology Ward, Memorial Hospital - Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center 
1986.1987, Fellow (Cognitive Neuroscience), Dept. of Neurology, The New York Hospital - Cornell 
University Medical Center and Memorial Hospital - Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center 
Academic and Major Professional Appointments 
1987-1988, Assistant Professor of Neurology, Cornell University Medical College 
1988.1992, Assistant Professor of Medicine (Neurology) and of Psychiatry, Dartmouth Medical School 
1993.1999, Instructor in Neurobiology, Harvard Medical School 
2000.2009, Assistant Professor of Neurology, Harvard Medical School 
2000.2005, Faculty, Harvard-M.I.T. Speech & Hearing Bioscience & Technology Graduate Studies Program 
2000.2009, Board of Honors Tutors, Department of Psychology, Harvard University 
2000.2009, Faculty Fellow, Mind Brain & Behavior Interfaculty Initiative, Harvard University 
2002-2009, Teaching Affiliate, Department of Biology (Neurobiology), Harvard University 
2002-current, Director, The Institute for Music & Brain Science, Boston, MA 
2010-current, Lecturer in Ethnomusicology, UCLA Herb Alpert School of Music, 
2012-2016, Assistant Clinical Professor of Neurology, David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA 
2016-current, Associate Clinical Professor of Neurology, David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA 
Hospital and Affiliated Institution Appointments 
July 1987 — June 1988, Attending Neurologist, The New York Hospital, NY, NY 
July 1988 — June 1991, Attending Neurologist, Dartmouth-Hitchcock Memorial Hospital, Hanover, NH 
July 1988 — Sept 1991, Neurology Consultant, Franklin Regional Hospital, Franklin, NH 
July 1992 —Dec 2009, Attending Neurologist, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA 
July 1992 — June 2005, Neurology Consultant, McLean Hospital, Belmont, MA 
EFTA00591760
--- PAGE 2 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
July 1996 — Dec 2009, Research Associate, Eaton-Peabody Laboratory of Auditory Physiology, Massachusetts 
Eye & Ear Infirmary, Boston, MA 
1996.2005, Research Affiliate, Research Laboratory of Electronics, Department of Electrical Engineering & 
Computer Science, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 
1999.2005, Associate Neurologist, Affiliated Staff, Brigham & Women's Hospital, Boston, MA 
2009.2011, Associate Neurologist, Affiliated Staff, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA 
2009.2010, Medical Director, Neurological & Rehabilitation Services, and Staff Neurologist, Good 
Samaritan Hospital, Los Angeles, CA 
2009.2013, Staff Physician, Section of Neurology, Dept of Medicine, Good Samaritan Hospital 
2012-current, Staff Neurologist, Ronald Reagan-UCLAMedical Center, Los Angeles, CA 
2013-current, Staff Neurologist, Los Robles Hospital & Medical Center, Thousand Oaks, CA 
Other Professional Positions and Major Visiting Appointments 
1998-current, Advisory Board, Songs of Love Foundation, New York, NY 
1999.2000, Board, Soldiers Field Park Children's Center, Boston, MA 
2000.2005, Advisory Board, BioMusic Program, National Musical Arts, Washington, DC 
2000, Consultant, Berkshire Hills Music Academy, South Hadley, MA 
2002-current, Scientific Advisory Board, Science Museum of Minnesota, St. Paul, MN 
2004.2007, Science Advisor, Morphonix, Inc., Sausalito, CA 
2007-current, Advisory Board, National Center for Human Performance, Texas Medical Cu, Houston, TX 
2014-current, Board of Directors, University of California Music Experience Research Community 
Initiaitve 
Licensure and Certification 
1983, Diplomate, National Board of Medical Examiners 
1983-current, Drug Enforcement Administration Certification, U.S.A. 
1983.1988, New York State Medical License 
1988-current, Diplomate in Neurology, American Board of Psychiatry and Neurology 
1988.1992, New Hampshire Medical License 
1991-2010, Massachusetts Medical License 
1991-2010, Massachusetts Drug Enforcement Administration Certification 
2009-current, California Medical License 
Hospital and Health Care Organization Service Responsibilities 
1986.1987, Fellow, then Attending, Stroke and Coma Team, The New York Hospital, NY, NY 
1986.1988, Staff Physician, Medical and Neurological Services, Burke Rehabilitation Center, White Plains, NY 
1987-1988, Attending, Neurology Consult Service, Behavioral Neurology Consult Service, Neurology Faculty 
Practice Group, and Neurology Residents Clinic, The New York Hospital 
1988.1991, Attending, Behavioral Neurology Consult Service and Neurology Residents Clinic, Mary Hitchcock 
Memorial Hospital, Hanover, NH 
1988.1991, Neurology Consultant, Franklin Regional Hospital, Franklin, NH 
1992-2009, Attending, Neurology Inpatient Service, General Neurology Consult Inpatient Service, and 
Cognitive/Behavioral Neurology Outpatient Unit, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA 
1995.2005, Neurology Inpatient and Outpatient Consult Services, McLean Hospital, Belmont, MA 
2009.2010, Medical Director, Neurological & Rehabilitation Services, & Staff Neurologist, Good Samaritan 
Hospital, LA, CA 
2012-current, Attending, Neurology Residents Clinic, Reagan-UCLA Medical Center, LA, CA 
2013.2016, Stroke Team, Los Robles Hospital & Medical Center, Thousand Oaks, CA 
2013-current, Staff Neurologist, Los Robles Hospital & Medical Center, Thousand Oaks, CA 
Committee Assignments 
1996.2000, Standing Committee on Neuroscience, Harvard University 
2000-current, Standing Committee on Mind/Brain/Behavior, Harvard University2002-2003, Subcommittee 
on Undergraduate Curriculum, Harvard Mind/Brain/Behavior Interfaculty 
Initiative 
2002, NIH National Institute on Deafness & Other Communication Disorders, Special Emphasis Review 
EFTA00591761
--- PAGE 3 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
Panel, Exploratory/Developmental Research Program 
2003.4, 2008-9, NSF Grant Review Committee 
2004.2007, Large Animal Users Group, Massachusetts General Hospital 
2006.2009, Steering Committee, Mind Brain & Behavior Interfaculty Initiative, Harvard University 
2010.2011, Scientific Organizing Committee, Music Science & Medicine Symposium, New York 
Academy of Sciences 
2013.2016, Stroke Committee, Los Robles Hospital & Medical Center 
2015-current, Board of Directors, University of California Music Experience & Communication Research 
Community Initiative 
Professional Societies 
1983-current, American Academy of Neurology, Member 
1985-current, American Society for Composers, Authors, and Publishers, Writer Member 
1986.2010, Acoustical Society of America, Member 
I989-current, Society for Neuroscience, Member 
1991-1992, Stroke Council, American Heart Association, Fellow 
1992-2007, American Association for the Advancement of Science 
1995.2009, Society for Music Perception & Cognition 
1998.2008 Association for Research in Otolaryngology 
2000.2008, New York Academy of Sciences 
2006.7, Boston Music Research Association 
2009-current, National Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences 
Editorial Boards 
1989-current, Reviewer, Science, Nature Neuroscience Reviews, Neuron, Journal of Neurophysiology, Trends 
in Neurosciences, Journal of the Acoustical Society of America, Cerebral Cortex; Music & Medicine, 
Oxford Univ. Press books (partial list) 
1994.1998, Consulting Editor, Music Perception 
1997-2005, Associate Editor, Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience 
2007-current, Advisory Board, Journal of Interdisciplinary Music Studies 
Awards and Honors 
1974.1978, Joseph Tauber Scholar, Yale University 
1978, Bachelor of Arts cum laude with Honors in the Major (Biology), Yale University 
1978.1982, Joseph Collins Foundation Scholar, Cornell University Medical College 
1981-1982, Vincent Astor Scholar, Cornell University Medical College 
1987-1988, National Research Service Award, Physiology, National Institute of Neurological & 
Communicative Disorders & Stroke, National Institutes of Health 
1988.1991, Program Project Award, Co-Principal Investigator, National Institute of Neurological Disorders & 
Stroke, National Institutes of Health 
1989.1991, Cognitive Science Award, Co-Principal Investigator, Office of Naval Research 
1991-1992, National Research Service Award, National Institute of Mental Health 
1992-1997, Clinical Scientist Development Award, National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication 
Disorders, National Institutes of Health 
1992-1993, Sackler Scholar in Psychobiology, Harvard University 
1993.1994, Alwin M. Pappenheimer Scholar, Harvard University 
1997, Research Award, National Organization for Hearing Research 
1997-1998, Provost's Award for Educational Innovation, Harvard University 
1997-2002, Cognitive Neuroscience Program Award, McDonnell-Pew Foundation 
1998.2002, FIRST Award, National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders, National 
Institutes of Health 
2000, Harvard Medical School Class of 2000 Faculty Award for Excellence in Clinical Teaching (finalist) 
2000.2001, Gordon and Llura Gund Research Award, Mind/Brain/Behavior Interfaculty Initiative, Harvard 
University 
2002-current, Institute for Music & Brain Science 
2009, Performing Arts Medicine Association Richard Lederman Award 
EFTA00591762
--- PAGE 4 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
2009.2010, Grammy Foundation Research Award 
2015.2016, President's Research Catalyst Award, University of California 
PART II: Research, Teaching, and Clinical Contributions 
Report of Teaching 
Local contributions 
The New York Hospital - Cornell Medical Center, 1986.1988 
1986.1988, Neurology Outpatient Clinic, Attending, PGY 2-4 Neurology Residents, 48 hrs/yr 
1986.1988, Cognitive Neuroscience Seminar Series for Neurology Residents, Organizer and 
Lecturer, 36 hrs/yr 
1986.1988, Neurology/Neurosurgery Grand Rounds, I per year 
1987-1988, Neurology Consult Service, Attending, PGY-3 Neurology Resident, 112 hrs/yr 
1987-1988, Third Year Clerkship in Neurology, Tutor, 4 students/yr, 20 hrs/yr 
1987-1988, Fourth Year Neurology Elective in Cognitive Neuroscience, Tutor, 2 students/yr, 40 hrs/yr 
Dartmouth — Hitchcock Medical Center, 1988-1991 
1988-1991, Neurology Outpatient Clinic, Attending, PGY 2-4 Neurology Residents, 60 hrs/yr 
1989, 1990, Neurology/Neurosurgery Grand Rounds, 1 per year 
1988.1991, Resident Research Elective in Cognitive Neuroscience, Tutor, 40 hrs/yr 
1989.1991, Behavioral Neurology Ward Rounds, 12 hrs/yr 
1989.1991, McDonnell-Pew Graduate Studies in Cognitive Neuroscience, Lecturer & Laboratory 
Instructor, 2 students/yr, 60 hrs/yr 
1998.1991, 2nd-Year Scientific Basis of Medicine: Neurology, Lecturer, 10 hrs/yr 
1989.1991, Fourth Year Elective in Cognitive Neuroscience, Tutor, 2 students/yr, 40 hrs/yr 
Harvard Medical School, Graduate School Division of Medical Sciences, and College; Harvard-MIT Division 
of Health Sciences and Technology; and Massachusetts General Hospital, 1992-2009 
1992, Program in Neuroscience Seminar, Wood's Hole 
1992-2009, Neurology Ward or Consult Service, Attending, PGY I, 2, and 4 Neurology, 
Psychiatry, and Physiatry Residents and Interns, 100+ hrs/yr 
1992-2009, Cognitive/Behavioral Neurology Unit, Attending, PGY 3 Neurology Residents, 
hrs/yr 
1992-current, Neurology Residents Cognitive/Behavioral Neurology Seminar, Attending, 24 hrs/yr 
1993, Second Year Physical Diagnosis in Neurology, Tutor, 4 students/yr, 16 hrs/yr 
1993, HST 722: Brain Mechanisms of Hearing and Speech, Lecturer, 12 graduate students/yr, 4 hrs/yr 
1993, Neurobiology Department Seminar Series, Lecturer, 20 hrs 
1993, 1995, 1997, Neurobiology 208: The Visual System, Lecturer, 10 medical and graduate 
students/yr, 6 hrs/yr 
1994-current, Clinical Clerkship in Neurology, Examiner, 1 medical student/yr, 2 hrs/yr 
1994, 2000, Neurology Residents Neuroscience Seminar, Lecturer, PGY 2-4 Neurology Residents, 5 
hrs/yr 
1995.2004, General Neurology Residents' Clinic, Preceptor, PGY 2-4 Neurology Residents, 30 
hrs/yr 
1995.2007, Tutor, PGY-2 Residents Cognitive Neurology Case Seminar, 40 hrs/yr 
1996,1999,2007, r
d-Year HMS/HDS Course: Human Nervous System & Behavior, Lecturer &Tutor, 
12-20 medical/dental students/yr, 60 hrs/yr 
1997,1998,2005 HST 799, Special Topics Research in the Speech & Hearing Sciences, 1 student/yr, 
120 hrs/yr 
1997, 2001, MGH Neurology Grand Rounds, 1 per year 
1998, 1999, 2001, Neurology Professor's Rounds, PGY 1-4 Neurology, Psychiatry, and Physiatry 
Residents and Interns, 2 hrs/yr 
1998, 2000, 2001, Psychology 987b, Music, Mind, & Brain, 12 undergraduates/yr, 100 hrs/yr 
1999.2001, Mind/Brain/Behavior Thesis Workshop, 12 undergraduates/yr, 15 hrs/yr 
1999, 2000, 2005, 2006 Behavioral Neurology Signs Rounds, PGY 1.4 Neurology, Psychiatry, and 
Physiatry 12 hrs/yr 
2000, Mind/Brain/Behavior Faculty Fellowship Seminar Series, 20 hrs 
EFTA00591763
--- PAGE 5 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
2000.2009, Mortality and Morbidity Conference, PGY 2-4 Neurology Residents, 18 hrs/yr 
2001, Mind/Brain/Behavior Advisory Board Seminar 
2004, 2007, HST 725, Music Perception & Cognition (Co-Instructor), 4-8 students/semester 
2004.2009, General Neurology Residents' Clinic, Attending, PGY 2-4 Neurology Residents, 
240 hrs/yr 
2007, Neurobiology 101, Auditory Neurobiology of Language & Music (Lecture course) 
Good Samaritan Hospital, Neurological & Rehabilitation Inpatient Service 
2010, Neurorehabilitation Inpatient Rounds (twice monthly, 20 PM&Rs, RNs, SpTs, PTs, OTs, RecTs, 
CSWs) 
David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA/Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, 2010-current 
2010, Neurology/Neuroscience Grand Rounds, Functional Brain Organization in Relation to Music 
Cognition 
2012-current, Professors Rounds, Neurology Inpatient Patient Service (semi-annual) 
2012-current, Neurology Residents Outpatient Clinic (monthly) 
UCLA Herb Alpert School of Music 
2010.2012, Ethnomusicology 188: Advanced Topics. Music and the Brain. (annual seminar, 
students/quarter, 150 hrs/yr) 
2013-current, Music Industry 103: Advanced Topics. Music and the Brain. (annual seminar, 
students/quarter, 150 hrs/yr) 
Continuing Medical Education Courses 
1988, Cornell Medical College, Lecturer, Review of Internal Medicine, Lecturer, NY, NY 
1997-2009, Harvard Medical School, Co-Founder, Director (2001, 2007), Co-Director, & Lecturer, Dementia: 
A Comprehensive Update, 80 hrs/yr, Boston, MA 
2016, Mozart & the Mind: An Exploration of Prodigy, Lecturer, SD, CA 
Advisory and Supervisory Responsibilities 
Cornell Medical College 
1987-1988, First Year Student Faculty Advisor, 6 students/yr, 24 hrs/yr 
Harvard Medical School, Graduate School Division of Medical Sciences, and College; Harvard-MIT Division 
of Health Sciences and Technology; and Massachusetts General Hospital 
1995.2007, Psychology 985, Preparation for the Honors Thesis I undergraduate every other yr, 50 
hrs/student 
1995.2009, Psychology 990, Honors Thesis Advisor, 1 undergraduate every other year, 100 
hrs/student 
1995.2007, Psychology 985, Preparation for the Honors Thesis, 1 undergraduate every other yr, 50 
hrs/student 
1997-2000, Psychology 910r, Supervised Reading/Research, 1 undergraduate every other year, 50 
hrs/student 
1998, 2002 Biology 98r, Introduction to Research, 1 undergraduate/yr, 50 hrs/yr 
1998.1999, Biology 99, Honors Thesis Advisor, 2 undergraduates/yr, 100 hrs/student 
1999.2000, Thesis Advisory Committee, HST Speech & Hearing Sciences, 1 graduate student/yr, 16 
hrs/yr 
2000, Thesis Qualifying Examination Committee, HST, Speech & Hearing Sciences 
2000.2001, Psychology Honors Thesis Committee, 2 undergraduates/yr; 20 hrs/student 
2000.2001, Special Concentrations 99, Honors Thesis Advisor, 1 undergraduate/yr, 100 hrs/yr 
2001-2002, Special Concentrations 91r, Supervised Reading and Research, 1 undergraduate, 15 hrs/yr 
2002-2003, PhD Thesis Committee, Cory Miller, Psychology, 20 hrs/yr 
2006.2007, Mentor, Senior Neurology Resident (1), 50 hrs/yr 
2008.2009, PhD Thesis Committee, Aaron Berkowitz, Music, 20 hrs/yr 
David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA/Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center 
2012-2013, Tutor, Senior Resident Research Seminar (Cognitive Neuroscience), 10 hrs/yr 
Regional, national, and international contributions 
1985, Session on Multiple Sclerosis: Clinical Investigation and Therapy, 37th Annual Meeting of the 
American Academy of Neurology 
EFTA00591764
--- PAGE 6 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
1987, Cerebrovascular Disease II: Poster Presentations, American Neurological Association 114th Annual 
Meeting 
1988, Session on Cerebral Metabolism, 40th Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Neurology 
1989, Behavioral Neurology Poster Session, American Neurological Association 114th Annual Meeting 
1989, Interhemispheric Relations Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 19th Annual Meeting 
1989, McDonnell Foundation Summer Institute in Cognitive Neuroscience Faculty and Lecturer (invited) 
1990, Second International Conference on Music and the Cognitive Sciences, Cambridge University, Lecturer (invited) 
1990, Human Behavioral Neurobiology Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 20th Annual Meeting 
1990, First Annual McDonnell-Pew Program in Cognitive Neuroscience Investigators' Workshop, Lecturer (invited) 
1990, Behavioral Neurology Poster Session, American Neurological Association 115th Annual Meeting 
1990, McDonnell Foundation Summer Institute in Cognitive Neuroscience Faculty and Lecturer (invited) 
1991, Functional Aspects of Auditory Cortex Symposium, Lecturer, International Brain Research Organization 
Third World Congress of Neuroscience, (invited) 
1991, Music and the Brain Session, Lecturer, Second International Conference on Music Perception and Cognition, 
UCLA (invited) 
1991, Central Auditory Physiology Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 21st Annual Meeting 
1991, Cognitive Neuroscience Session, Co-Chair and Lecturer, 2nd International Conference on Epilepsy and the 
Corpus Callosum (invited) 
1991, Scientific Session, Lecturer, Society for University Neurosurgeon (invited) 
1991, Neurology Grand Rounds, Lecturer, Yale School of Medicine Neurological Study Unit and Yale-New Haven 
Hospital (invited) 
1992, Central Auditory Physiology Slide Session, Society for Neuroscience 22nd Annual Meeting 
1992, Music and the Brain Symposium, Lecturer, Art Institute of Chicago (invited) 
1992, International Conference on the Psychophysiology and Psychopathology of the Sense of Music, Lecturer (invited) 
1993, Central Auditory Physiology Slide Session, Society for Neuroscience 23rd Annual Meeting 
1994, Behavioral Neuroscience Seminar Series, Brigham & Women's Hospital/Beth Israel Hospital (invited) 
1994, Central Auditory Physiology Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 24th Annual Meeting 
1994, Harvard Music Department Seminar Series (invited) 
1996, Functional Aspects of Auditory Cortex Workshop, Lecturer, XXVIth International Congress of Psychology 
(invited) 
1996, Auditory Cortex Physiology - Primates Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 26th Annual Meeting 
1997, Music and the Brain Symposium, Lecturer, International Computer Music Conference, (invited) 
1997, Pedagogical Session: Neurobiology, Lecturer, International Conference on Complex Systems 
(invited) 
1997-2009, Dementia: A Comprehensive Update, Director/Co-Director/Lecturer, Harvard Medical School 
Dept of Continuing Medical Education 
1998, Moderator, Press Conference on Music and the Brain, Society for Neuroscience 28th Annual 
Meeting, LA, CA (invited) 
1998, Auditory Cortex Physiology - Complex Sounds Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 28th 
Annual Meeting 
1998, Harvard Psychology Department Seminar Series, Lecturer, 20 hrs 1999, Auditory Cortex Slide 
Session, 22nd Association for Research in Otolaryngology Midwinter Meeting 
1999, Central Auditory Physiology: Spectrotemporal Coding Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 
29th Annual Meeting 
2000, Biological Foundations of Music, New York Academy of Sciences (invited) 
2000, The Music of Nature and the Nature of Music, Lecturer, Smithsonian Institute, National Musical 
Arts, National Academy of Sciences (invited) 
2000, Association for Research in Otolaryngology: Inner Ear: Normal Structure or Function Poster Session 
2000, 2001, Cambridge Hospital, Neurology Lecture Series (invited) 
2001, 21 Club, Harvard Mind/Brain/Behavior Board Dinner, New York, NY (invited) 
2001, Auditory: Coding, Tuning and Perception Poster Session, Society for Neuroscience 31st Annual 
Meeting 
2001, Berklee College of Music, Music Therapy Symposium, Music & The Brain (invited) 
2001, The Harvard Club of Boston: A Saturday of Symposia. Music, Mind, and Brain (invited) 
2002, Learning & The Brain Symposium, Music Education, & The Brain. Cambridge, MA (invited) 
2002, Hudson Theatre, Beth Abraham Music Therapy Program, Music Cognition. NY, NY (invited) 
EFTA00591765
--- PAGE 7 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
2002, Auditory Neuroscience Seminar Series, University of Connecticut at Storrs, Effects of Auditory 
Cortex Lesions on Music Perception (invited) 
2003, Neuroesthetics Symposium, University of California at Berkeley, Widely Distributed Neural Systems 
for Musical Aesthetics (invited) 
2004, Linda and Jack Gill Center for Biomolecular 2004 Symposium and Award, Indiana University (invited) 
2004, Jill S. Titus Lecture, Institute for Mind, Body & Spirituality, Lesley College (invited) 
2004, Special Session of the 501h Annual Meeting of the Acoustic Society of America, Musical Acoustics: 
Neurophysiology of Musical Instrument Playing, New York (invited) 
2004, Carnegie Hall Concert and Symposium, Beautiful Minds, Beautiful Music, New York (invited) 
2005, Neurosciences & Music Symposium, Leipzig, Germay (invited) 
2005, Leibniz Institute, Magdeburg Germany (invited) 
2005, Harvard Club of Fort Lee, FL (invited) 
2005, Roland M. Pinkham Annual Memorial Lecture, Swedish Medical Center, Seattle, WA (invited) 
2006, Harvard Medical Exchange Club, Harvard Club of Boston (invited) 
2006, Neurosciences Institute, Lalolla, CA (invited) 
2006, Arts in Medicine Series, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center (invited) 
2007, National Center for Human Performance, Houston, TX (invited) 
2007, Center for Performing Arts Medicine, Methodist-Cornell Medical Center, Houston, TX (invited) 
2007, Cold Spring Harbor Interdisciplinary Symposium on Memory in Neuroscience & the Humanities 
(invited) 
2008, National Academy of Sciences Annual Meeting, Koshland Science Museum, Music and the Brain: 
Performance and Discussion, Washington, DC (invited) 
2009, Keynote Lecture, Cleveland Clinic, Music and the Brain Symposium, Cleveland, OH (invited) 
2008, Duke University, Opening Lecture, Music and the Brain Sympsosium, Durham, NC (invited) 
2009, Shepherd School of Music, Rice University, Exploring the Mind Through Music Symposium, 
Houston, TX (invited) 
2009, Moderator, Press Conference on Music and the Brain, Society for Neuroscience 39th Annual 
Meeting, Chicago, IL (invited) 
2009, Barrow Neurological Institute, Neurology/Neurosurgery Grand Rounds, Phoenix, AZ (invited) 
2009, International Mind Brain & Education Society Meeting, Panel: Advances in the cognitive 
neuroscience of music: Implications for education, Philadelphia, PN (invited) 
2009, National Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences, Board Meeting, LA, CA (invited) 
2009, International Mind Brain & Education Society Meeting, Panel: Emotion, learning, & the brain: 
Insights from experimental neuroscience & educational approaches to children with neurological 
disease, Philadelphia. PN (invited) 
2009, Michael Ty Memorial Lecture, Brigham & Women's Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital, 
Boston, Massachusetts (invited) 
2009, Richard J. Lederman Keynote Lecture, Performing Arts Medicine Association, Snowmass, CO 
(invited) 
2009, Music & the Brain Symposium, Lincoln Center, New York, NY (invited) 
2010, Music & the Brain Forum, Stanford University Institute for Creativity & the Arts, Palo Alto, CA 
(invited) 
2011, New York Academy of Sciences, Music Science & Medicine Symposium, New York, NY (invited) 
2011, Keynote Speaker, International Society for Quantitative Research in Music & Medicine Symposium, 
Ogden, UT (invited) 
2011, Aspen Ideas Festival. Opening Ceremony: The Big Idea; and Music On the Edge Symposium. Aspen 
CO (invited) 
2012, Integrative Music & Medicine Pain Conference, Louis Armstrong Center for Music & Medicine, 
Beth Israel Medical Center, New York, NY (invited) 
2012, Neuroscience of Music Symposium. Lectures: Neural Coding of Tonal Harmony; Cerebral 
Organization of Music-Related Functions. Workshop: Tonal Harmony. Monte Verita, Ascona, 
Switzerland (invited) 
2012, PainWEEK 2012, Music Therapy Symposium, Effect of Music on Neuromodulation of Pain 
Responses, Las Vegas, NV (invited) 
2013, Mental Notes: Music, Cognition & the Brain Symposium, UCLA (invited) 
EFTA00591766
--- PAGE 8 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
2013, Music & Brain Health: A Forum on Neurology, Song, and the Oral Tradition, Port Townsend, WA 
(invited) 
2014, Convergence: A Multidisciplinary Dialogue on Music, Temporal Dynamics Learning Center & Dept 
of Music, UCSD (invited) 
2015, University of California Multi-Campus Symposium on Music in Relation to Neuroscience, Medicine, 
& Education, Los Angeles, CA (Director, Lecturer) 
2016, Music & the Brain, One Day University, Sacramento, CA (invited) 
2016, University of California Multi-Campus Symposium & Research Workshop on Music Experience & 
Communication (Co-Director) 
2016, Mozart & the Mind: An Exploration of Prodigy, SD, CA (invited) 
Public Education (partial list) 
1995, NBC Nightly News with Tom Brokaw, The New York Times Science Times, Boston Magazine 
1996, BBC 4 Television, Los Angeles Times, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, Young Students Learning Library 
Science Yearbook, American Psychological Association Monitor 
1997, The Washington Post, The Boston Globe Quotes of Note, Fox News Channel 
1998, NBC Today Show, PBS Healthweek, CBS National Radio, Public Radio International, New England 
Cable News, KCBS Radio San Francisco, WAV-FM Radio Tokyo, ZIP-FM Radio Nagoya, LA Times. 
USA Today 
1999, Lifetime Channel, Discovery Science Channel, NPR Living On Earth 
2001, National Geographic TV, WBZ-TV Boston, WCVB-TV Boston, Discovery Channel, NPR The 
Connection, US News & World Report, Discover Magazine, The New York Times Science Times, 
The Boston Globe Health/Science 
2002, WCVB-TV Boston, Canadian Broadcasting Corporation Radio Ideas, People Magazine, ABCnews.com, 
NPR Infinite Mind 
2003, The New York Times, Harvard Medical School Alumni Bulletin, Neurology Today, Edmonton Journal 
2004, Journal of the American Medical Association, PBS-TV Closer To Truth, WiredNews.com, Discover 
2005, CBS-TV Sunday Morning, National Public Radio, Chicago Tribune, Seattle Times 
2005, Swedish Medical Center Roland D. Pinkham, MD Lectureship, Human Brain Organization in Relation 
to Music Cognition 
http://videomedia2.swedish.oremediasite/Viewer/?peid
d3fdb3628c436a905d933568e43a0c 
2005, Swedish Medical Center Roland D. Pinkham, MD Lectureship, Neurology and Neurophysiology of 
Harmony Perception 
http://videomedia2.swedish.oremediasite/Viewed?peid=b9153bbe053145a8994b1601daabeala 
2006, The Wall Street Journal, US News & World Report, NPR, St Louis Post-Dispatch 
2007, Washington Post 
2007, Radiolab 
2008, Nightline, WABC-TV 
2009, All Things Considered, NPR 
2009, Duke University Music and the Brain Symposium Lecture, 
http://wv.rw.youtube.com/watch?v=gviCJw3BqfQ 
2010, Stanford University Music and the Brain Forum Lecture, 
http://www.youtube.corn/watch?v=5zLGrbVLvhg 
2011, Keynote Lecture, ISQRMM, http://wv.rw.youtube.com/watch?v=edUh2w4jCtc 
2011, The Science Network, Functional Brain Organization in Relation to Music Cognition & Emotion, 
http://thesciencenehvork.org/search?speakers=Marlc+Jude+Tramo 
2011, Aspen Ideas Festival, GenConnect, http://www.genconnect.com/career/harvard-medicals-dr-mark-
tramo-science-of-music-video/ 
2011, Aspen Ideas Festival, Mark Tramo's Big Idea at the 2011 Aspen Ideas Opening, 
http://www.aspenideas.org/session/mark-tramos-big-idea-2011-aspen-ideas-festival-opening 
2014, The Doctors, KCAL-TV, How Music Affects the Brain 
2014, The Science Network, From The Beatles to the Brain, 
http://thesciencenetwork.org/search?speakers=Mark+Jude+Tramo 
PART III. 
EFTA00591767
--- PAGE 9 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
A. Bibliography 
1. Tramo MJ, Hainline B, Petito F, Lee B, Caronna J Vertebral artery injury and cerebellar stroke 
while swimming. Stroke 1985; 16:1039.1042 
2. Tramo MI, Schneck MJ, Lee BCP, Rapoport S Evoked potentials and magnetic resonance imaging in 
3, Tramo MI, Hainline B Stroke in sports. In: Jordan B, Tsairis P, Warren R, eds. Sports Neurology. 
Rockville, Maryland: Aspen Publishing Co, 1989:98-115 
the diagnosis of multiple sclerosis. Neurology 1985; 35(Suppl 1):105 
4. Levy DE, Sidtis J, Rottenberg DA, Jarden JO, Strothers S, Dhawan V, Ginos JZ, Tramo MJ, Evans 
AC, Plum F The vegetative state and locked-in states affect cerebral blood flow and glucose 
utilization differently. Annals of Neurology 1987; 22:673.682 
5. Tramo MJ, Sidtis Jl, Dhawan V, Strothers S, Moeller J, Ginos J, Sergi M, and Rottenberg DA 
Variability of regional glucose extraction fraction in the normal resting state. Annals of 
Neurology 1987; 22(Suppl):16IA 
6. Tramo MJ, Gazzaniga MS Discrimination and recognition of complex tonal spectra by the cerebral 
hemispheres: Differential lateralization of acoustic-discriminative and semantic-associative 
functions in auditory pattern perception. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1987; 15:1060 
7. Tramo MI, Baynes K, Volpe B Impaired syntactic comprehension and production in Broca's aphasia: 
CT lesion localization and recovery patterns. Neurology 1988; 38:95.98 
8. Eidelberg D, Tramo M, Strother SC, Moeller JR, Sidtis ii, Dhawan V, Rottenberg DA Variability in 
regional cerebral metabolic rate for glucose (rCMRGIu) and the consequences for the 
study of neurologic disease with FDG/PET. Neurology 1988; 38(Suppl 1):367 
9. Tramo MI, Gazzaniga MS Recovery patterns in neurobehavioral syndromes. W.H.O. Collaborating 
Centre for Research and Training in Neurosciences, Neuroplasticity of the Nervous System, Beijing, 
10. Jouandet ML, Tramo MJ, Herron DM, Hermann A, Loftus WC, Bazell J, Gazzaniga MS Brainprints: 
Computer-generated two-dimensional maps of the human cerebral cortex in vivo. Journal of 
Cognitive Neuroscience 1989; 1:88-117 
11. Oppenheim JS, Skerry JE, Tramo MJ, Gazzaniga MS Magnetic resonance imaging morphology of the 
corpus callosum in monozygotic twins. Annals of Neurology 1989; 26:100.104 
12. Levy DE, Tramo MJ, Plum F Do positron emission tomographic scans measure quality of life? 
Reply. Annals of Neurology 1989; 2:288 
13. Tramo MJ, Reuter-Lorenz P, Gazzaniga MS Pure alexia: Cognitive and anatomical correlates. Annals 
of Neurology 1989; 26:126 
14. Tramo MJ, Bharucha JJ, Musiek FE Music perception and cognition following bilateral lesions of 
auditory cortex. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience 1990; 2:195-212 
(Abstracted by permission In: Hall III, J., ed. 1991 Year Book of Speech, Language, and Hearing, 
Chicago: Mosby 1991; Chapter 15: Auditory Findings in Pathologies) 
15. Jouandet ML, Tramo MJ, Thomas CE, Newton CH, Loftus WC, Weaver JB, Gazzaniga MS 
Brainprints: Inter- and intra-observer reliability. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1990; 16:1151 
16. Tramo MJ, Guglielmo MA, Reuter-Lorenz P, Gazzaniga MS Functional dissociations in 
hemispatial neglect: Brainprints and quantitative lesion localization. Annals of Neurology 1990; 
28:255 
17. Tramo MJ Current Problems in Neurology: 5, Impact of Functional Imaging in Neurology and 
Psychiatry: Book Review. Neurosurgery 1990; 26:354-355 
18. Tramo MJ Lesion Analysis in Neuropsychology: Book Review. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience 
1990; 2:156-157 
19. Tramo MJ, Bharucha JJ Musical priming by the right hemisphere post-callosotomy. 
Neuropsychologia 1991; 29:313.325 
20. Tramo MJ, Bharucha JJ Cortical networks in associative auditory processing. International Brain 
Research Organization Abstracts 1991; 252 
21. Tramo MJ, Musiek FE, Gazzaniga MS Disruption of interhemispheric integration of complex auditory 
information following focal hemorrhage into the posterior body of the corpus callosum. Society for 
Neuroscience Abstracts 1991; 17:1484 
22. Zatorre RJ, Heffner H, Liegeois-Chavel C, Tramo M, Samson S Functional aspects of auditory 
cortex. International Brain Research Organization Abstracts 1991; 8 
23. Green RL, Tramo MJ, Loftus WC, Thomas CE, Brown PB, Weaver JB, Gazzaniga MS 
EFTA00591768
--- PAGE 10 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
Regional cortical surface area measurements in monozygotic twins discordant for schizophrenia 
suggest a left hemisphere basis for the disease. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1991; 17:455 
24. Baynes K, Tramo MJ, Gazzaniga MS Reading with a limited lexicon in the right hemisphere of a 
callosotomy patient. Neuropsychologia 1992; 30:187-200 
25. Kussmaul CL, Tramo MI, Mangun GR Investigation of harmonic relationships on auditory event-
related potentials to successive pure tones. Psychophysiology 1992; 29:S47 
26. Baynes K, Tramo, MI, Fendrich R, Reeves AG, Gazzaniga MS Specificity of interhemispheric 
transfer following a partial lesion of the corpus callosum. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1992; 
18:1207 
27. Tramo MJ, Cariani PA, Delgutte B Representation of tonal consonance and dissonance in the 
temporal firing patterns of auditory nerve fibers: Responses to musical intervals composed of pure 
tones vs. harmonic complex tones. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1992; 18:382 
28. Tramo MJ Split-brain studies of music perception and cognition. Contemporary Music Review 1993; 
9:113.121 
29. Loftus WC, Tramo MJ, Thomas CE, Green RL, Nordgren RA, Gazzaniga MS Three dimensional 
quantitative analysis of hemispheric asymmetry in the human superior temporal region. Cerebral 
Cortex 1993; 3:349-355 
30. Delgutte B, Cariani PA, Tramo MJ Neurophysiological correlates of the pitch of complex tones. 
Journal of the Acoustical Society of America, Suppl. 1993; 1, 93:2293.2294 
31. Bharucha JJ, Tramo MJ, Zatorre RJ Abstraction of the missing fundamental following bilateral 
lesions of auditory cortex. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1993; 19:1687 
32. Peretz I, Kolinsky R, Tramo M, Labrecque R, Hublet C, Demeurisse G, Belleville S Functional 
dissociations following bilateral lesions of auditory cortex. Brain 1994; 117:1283.1301 
33. Tramo MJ, Grant A, Braida LD Psychophysical measurements of frequency difference limens for 
relative pitch discrimination reveal a deficit following bilateral lesions of auditory cortex. Society 
for Neuroscience Abstracts 1994; 20: 325 
34. Kussmaul CL, Tramo MJ, Mangun GR ERP measures of musical expectancy: Role of the NI00 and 
other early components. Proceedings of the Herbert von Karajan Symposium, Wien, 1994 
35. Tramo MJ, Loftus WC, Thomas CE, Green RL, Mott LA, Gazzaniga MS Surface area of human 
cerebral cortex and its gross morphological subdivisions. In vivo measurements of monozygotic 
twins suggest differential hemisphere effects of genetic factors. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience 
1995; 7:292-302 
36. Loftus WC, Tramo MJ, Gazzaniga MS Cortical surface modeling reveals gross morphometric 
correlates of individual differences. Human Brain Mapping 1995; 3:257-270 
37. Tramo MJ, Baynes K, Fendrich R, Mangun GR, Phelps EA, Reuter-Lorenz PA, Gazzaniga MS 
Hemispheric specialization and interhemispheric integration: Insights from experiments with 
commissurotomy patients. In: Reeves AG, Roberts DW, eds., Epilepsy and the Corpus Callosum II, pp 
263-295, NY: Plenum Press, 1995 
38. Tramo MJ, Bellew BF, Hauser MD Discharge patterns of auditory cortical neurons evoked by species-
specific vocalizations and complex synthetic signals in Macaca mulatta. Society for Neuroscience 
Abstracts 1996; 22:1623 
39. Tramo MJ Neural representations of tonal harmony. International Journal of Psychology 1996; 
31:187 
40. Baynes K, Tramo MJ, Reeves AG, Gazzaniga MS Isolation of a right hemisphere cognitive system in 
a patient with anarchic (alien) hand syndrome. Neuropsychologia 1997; 35:1159.1173 
41. Cariani P, Tramo M, Delgutte B Neural representations of pitch through temporal autocorrelation. 
Proceedings of the Audio Engineering Society, AES Preprint #4583 (L-3), 1997 
42. Tramo MJ, Loftus WC, Stukel TA, Green RL, Weaver JB, Gazzaniga MS Brain size, head size, and 
intelligence in monozygotic twins. Neurology 1998; 50:1246.1252 
43. Patel AD, Peretz I, Tramo M, Labreque R Processing prosodic and musical patterns: A 
neuropsychological investigation. Brain and Language 1998; 61:123-144 
44. Tramo MJ, Moraru D, Hauser MD Representation of species-specific vocalizations in the temporal 
discharge patterns of auditory cortical neurons in alert Macaca mulatta. Society for Neuroscience 
Abstracts 1998; 24:401 
45. Tramo MJ Physiological acoustics. In: Beyer RT, Parker SP, eds., McGraw-Hill 1998 Yearbook of 
Science and Technology, Encyclopedia of Science and Technology, NY:McGraw-Hill , pp 305.307 
I0 
EFTA00591769
--- PAGE 11 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
46. Green RL, Hutsler JJ, Loftus WC, Tramo MJ, Thomas CE, Silberfarb AW, Nordgren RA, Gazzaniga 
MS. The caudal infrasylvian surface in dyslexia. Neurology 1999; 53:974-981 
47. Tramo MJ, Cariani PA Receptive field organization in the core area of alert macaque auditory cortex. 
Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 1999; 25:395 
48. Tramo MJ, Cariani PA, Moran D Spectrotemporal response properties of auditory cortex neurons in 
the alert macaque. Association for Research in Otolaryngology Abstracts 1999; 22:116-117 
49. Kaas JH, Hackett TA, Tramo MJ Auditory processing in primate cerebral cortex. Current Opinion in 
Neurobiology 1999; 9:164-170 
50. Tramo MJ, McKinney MC, Cariani PA, Delgutte B Physiology of tonal consonance and dissonance. 
Association for Research in Otolaryngology Abstracts 2000; 23:275.276 
51. Litovsky R, Fligor B, Tramo M Functional role of the human inferior colliculus in binaural hearing. 
Association for Research in Otolaryngology Abstracts 2000; 23: 286 
52. Tramo MJ Music of the hemispheres. Science 2001; 291:54.5625. 
53. Tramo MJ, Cariani PA, Delgutte B, Braida LD Neurobiological foundations for the theory of harmony 
in Western tonal music. Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences 2001; 930:92-116 
54. Battelli L, Cavanagh P, Intriligator J, Tramo MJ, Henaff M-A, Michel F, Barton JJS Unilateral right 
parietal damage leads to bilateral deficit for high-level motion. Neuron 2001; 32:985-995 
55. McKinney MF, Tramo, MJ, Delgutte B Neural correlates of the dissonance of musical intervals in the 
inferior colliculus. Association for Research in Otolaryngology Abstracts 2001; 24:54-55 
56. Tramo MJ, Rosenbaum ER, Cariani PA, Hauser MD Differential responses of auditory cortex neurons 
to natural and unnatural vocalizations in alert Macaca mulatto. 
Society for Neuroscience 
Abstracts 2001; 26 
57. McKinney MF, Tramo, MI, Delgutte B 
Neural correlates of musical dissonance in the inferior 
colliculus. In Houtsma AJM, Kohlrausch A, Prijs VF, Schoonhoven R, Eds., Physiological and 
Psychophysical Bases of Auditory Function, Maastricth: Shaker Publishing, pp 71.77, 2001 
58. Gray PM, Payne R, Krause B, Tramo MJ The biology of music. Response. Science 2001; 292:2432-
2433 
59. Tramo MJ Pathoanatomy of amusia: Harmony perception and aesthetics. Journal Watch Neurology 
2001; 3:88 
60. Tramo MJ, Shah GD, Braida LB Functional role of auditory cortex in frequency processing 
and pitch perception. Journal of Neurophysiology 2002; 87:122-139 
61. Litovsky RY, Fligor B, Tramo MJ Functional role of the inferior colliculus in binaural hearing. 
Hearing Research 2002; 165; 177.188 
62. Tramo MJ The Brain and Music. Harvard Dictionary of Music, 4rb Edition. (new entry), Cambridge, 
Harvard Press, 2003 
63. Tramo MJ, Koh CK, Shah GD, Braida LD Effects of bilateral auditory cortex lesions on frequency 
processing and virtual pitch perception. ARO Abstracts 2004; 27:78 
64. Tramo MI Physiology, anatomy, and plasticity of the cerebral cortex in relation to musical instrument 
performance. Journal of the Acoustical Society of America 2004 115; 2590 
65. Tramo MI, Koh CK, Shah GD, Braida LD Functional role of the auditory cortex in virtual pitch 
perception. Society for neuroscience Abstracts 2004 
66. Tramo MJ, Cariani PA, Koh CK, Makris N, Braida LD Neurophysiology and neuroanatomy of pitch 
perception. Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences 2005; 1060:148-174. 
67. Koss AD, Tramo MJ, Flaherty AW, Young AB Effect of auditory stimulation with popular music on 
visuomotor integration and gait in Parkinson's disease. Neurology 2006; 67:114 
68. Tramo MJ, Koh CK, Lense MD, Van Ness CM, Krishnamoorthy KS, Kagan J, Caviness VS Effect of 
auditory stimulation with vocal music on neurophysiologic responses to pain in premature infants. 
Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 2006 
69. Dykstra AD, Braida LD, Koh CK, Tramo MJ Intensity discrimination following bilateral lesions of 
auditory cortex. Cognitive Neuroscience Society Abstracts 2007 #G93 
70. Dykstra AD, Braida LD, Koh CK, Tramo MJ Role of primary auditory cortex in intensity processing and 
loudness perception. Music Language Mind Abstracts 2008 
71. Dykstra AD, Braida LD, Koh CK, Tramo MJ Primary and secondary auditory cortex are necessary for 
fine-grained intensity processing and loudness discrimination. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts 
2010 
EFTA00591770
--- PAGE 12 ---
Mark Jude Tramo, M.D. Ph.D. 
Curriculum vitae 
72. Tramo MJ, Lense M, Van Ness C, Kagan l Effect of music on physiological and behavioral 
responses to pain and stress in premature infants: Clinical trial and literature review. Music and 
Medicine 2011; 3: 72-83 
73. Dykstra AD, Koh CK, Braida LD, Tramo MJ Dissociation of detection and discrimination of pure 
tones following bilateral lesions of auditory cortex. PLoS One 2010; 7: e44602. 
74. Murthy K, Tramo M, Dutta S Hydrocephalus secondary to coccidioidal meningitis resolved by medical 
anti-fungal (azoles) therapy alone: Case Report and review of literature. Neurology 2016; 
86:supplement PI.328 
75. Tramo MJ, Mooney S, Lee L, Gazzaniga MS Timbre discrimination and recognition by left and right 
hemispheres of split-brain patients. (submitted) 
76. Tramo MJ, Bonn C, Mooney S, Braida LD Effects of bilateral human auditory cortex lesions on pitch 
perception: pure-tones versus harmonic-tones with and with energy at the fundamental frequency. 
(submitted) 
In preparation 
Tramo MJ, Cognitive Neuroscience of Music, 2nd Edition. London: Oxford Univ. Press 
B. Educational Material 
1. Tramo MJ Sensory and perceptual systems. In: Cognitive and Behavioral Neurology: Focus on 
Dementia, 1997.8 Course syllabus, Harvard Medical School Department of Continuing Medical 
Education 
2. Tramo MJ Psychology 987b, Music, Mind, and Brain, 1998-2006, Course syllabus, Harvard College 
3. Tramo MJ, Functional organization of the cerebral cortex. In: Dementia: A Comprehensive Update, 
2001-7 Course syllabus, Harvard Medical School Department of Continuing Medical Education 
C. Thesis 
1. Tramo MJ Neural representations of acoustic information in relation to music and voice perception. 
Harvard University, Cambridge, MA, Ph.D. Dissertation, 1998 (Thesis Advisors: David Hubei, MD 
& Margaret Livingstone PhD) 
D. Nonprint Material 
1. www.BrainMusic.org, The Institute for Music and Brain Science 
END 
EFTA00591771

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591772.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591772.pdf
----------------------------------------
RANDALL ROSENTHAL 
s.=_ Os-• 
In 
■ t
==.3
' 
-11:
1r=7 -. 
rEF-M-
C 
err —a
^-t
11130il 
:=7•"— -== 
Times #8, 2017, acrylic and ink on Vermont White Pine, 12 x 9 34x 1 inch, $18,000 
BERNARDUCCI.MEISEL.GALLERY 
West 57 Street . New York 10019 
bernarducci@meiselgallety.com bernarduccimeisel.com 
EFTA00591772
--- PAGE 2 ---
RANDALL ROSENTHAL 
Slide Box, 2016, acrylic and ink on one block of Vermont White Pine, 8 x 6 V4 x 21 inches, $28,000 
BERNARDUCCI.MEISEL.GALLERY 
West 57 Street . New York 10019 
bernarducci@meiselgallety.com bernarduccimeisel.com 
EFTA00591773
--- PAGE 3 ---
RANDALL ROSENTHAL 
Hush Money #29, 2015, acrylic and ink on one block of Vermont White Pine, 9 11 x 7 x 1 inch, 514,000 
BERNARDUCCI.MEISEL.GALLERY 
West 57 Street . New York 10019 . 
bernarducci@meiselgallety.com bernarduccimeisel.com 
EFTA00591774
--- PAGE 4 ---
RANDALL ROSENTHAL 
Guy Sections, 2015, acrylic and ink on Vermont White Pine. 18 x 16 x 1/2  inch, $18,000 
BERNARDUCCI.MEISEL.GALLERY 
West 57 Street . New York 10019 . 
bernarducci@meiselgallety.com bernarduccimeisetcom 
EFTA00591775
--- PAGE 5 ---
RANDALL ROSENTHAL 
Observer, 2012, acrylic and ink on one block of Vermont White Pine. 30 inches x 3 inches high, dimensions variable. $60.000 
BERNARDUCCI.MEISEL.GALLERY 
West 57 Street . New York 10019 . 
bernarducci@meiselgallety.com bernarduccimeisel.com 
EFTA00591776
--- PAGE 6 ---
RANDALL ROSENTHAL 
Yogi, 2013, acrylic and ink on one block of Vermont White Pine, 121 x 8 kix 1 inch, $7,500. 
BERNARDUCCI.MEISEL.GALLERY 
West 57 Street . New York 10019 
bernarducei@meiselgalloy.corn . bernarduceimeiseteom 
EFTA00591777
--- PAGE 7 ---
RANDALL ROSENTHAL 
Dylan, 2012, acrylic and ink on one block of Vermont White Pine. 12th x 
x 1 inch, $7,500 
BERNARDUCCI.MEISEL.GALLERY 
West 57 Street . New York 10019 . 
bernarducei@meiselgallety.com bernarchweimeisel.com 
EFTA00591778
--- PAGE 8 ---
RANDALL ROSENTHAL 
Marilyn, 2012, acrylic and ink on one block of Vermont White Pine. 1244 x 81/2  x I inch, $7,500 
BERNARDUCCI.MEISEL.GALLERY 
West 57 Street . New York 10019 . 
bernarducci@meiselgallety.com bernarduccimeisetcom 
EFTA00591779
--- PAGE 9 ---
RANDALL ROSENTHAL 
Hemingway, 2004, acrylic and ink on one block of Vermont White Pine, 111/2  x 211/4 x 2 3/4  inches, $25,000 
BERNARDUCCI.MEISEL.GALLERY 
West 57 Street . New York 10019. 
bernarducci@meiselgallety.com bernarduccimeisecom 
EFTA00591780
--- PAGE 10 ---
RANDALL ROSENTHAL 
Sweet Memories, 2008, acrylic and ink on wood, 12 Si x 22 Si x 3 inches, $25,000 
BERNARDUCCI.MEISEL. GALLERY 
West 57 Street . New York 10019 
bernarducci@meiselgallety.com bernarduccimeisecom 
EFTA00591781

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591782.pdf
----------------------------------------
top stitch around perimeter approx 
seams at corners 
welting around perimeter approx Win 
same welting as on cushion 
two top stitch lines running down edges of door 
similar to hermes couch 
EFTA00591782

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591783.pdf
----------------------------------------
BOOTHBAY ABSOLUTE RETURN STRATEGIES, LP 
BOOTHBAY 
JULY 2017 
B I es o MANAGEMENT. LLC 
OVERVIEW 
Boothbay Absolute Return Strategies, LP ('Boothbay') is a market neutral multi-strategy fund that aims to combine non-correlated positive expectancy 
strategies into a cohesive portfolio. which is further enhanced by operational and structural alphas. Boothbay uses a combinavon of proprietary technology 
and experience. to target traditional and non-traditional sources of alpha. 
INVESTMENT PHILOSOPHY 
Boothbay seeks to generate absolute returns with low volatility and low correlations to traditional asset classes through all market conditions. Boothbay 
employs a range of investment strategies with broad industry, sector, style and geographic diversification. Capital is deployed based on strategy edge, 
background, volatility and correlations to the market and to other strategies. Live aggregated data allows for risk and capital allocations to be dynamically 
managed. 
COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES 
• Differentiated approach through 'open architecture' increases talent spectrum available, including niche strategies with structural edges 
• Selection process involves customized terms and risk parameters for every manager 
• Includes 'First-Lose allocations 
• Position-level transparency enables greater risk oversight in the pursuit of absolute net returns 
• Proprietary portfolio allocation and optimization tools used for manager selection and to distribute allocations 
• Risk management framework assesses and monitors risk at multiple levels including market or factor based hedging overlay 
FOUNDER BIOGRAPHY 
As Managing Member of Boothbay. Mr. Glass oversees all allocation and portfolio construction decisions. Prior to Boothbay, Mr. Glass served as President 
from 2007-2009 of a multi-strategy hedge fund. Platinum Management From 2000-2007. Mr. Glass sewed as the COO of 'Tiger Cub" Intrepid Capital 
Management Inc. (intrepid,. a $2.5 billion hedge fund seeded by Soros Fund Management At Intrepid, Mr. Glass oversaw all non-portfolio related activities. 
In 2004. Mr. Glass launched Intrepid Associates LLC, an affiliated entity that added fund managers to Intrepid's platform, including sector funds in the 
healthcare and global utilities spaces. From 1998-2000 Mr. Glass was an executive at Vector Capital Management. a quantitative hedge fund and broker-
dealer. Previously, he worked at Coopers & Lybrand LLC 0995-1998) and at Prudential Securities (1994-1995). 
MONTHLY NET RETURNSla 
JAN 
FEB 
MAR 
APR 
MAY 
JUN 
JUL 
AUG 
SEPT 
OCT 
NOV 
DEC 
YTD 
ITO 
2017 
1.63% 
-0.50% 
136% 
0.66% 
-0.56% 
0.81% 
020%' 
4.26% 
21.03% 
2016 
-0.53% 
0.34% 
4.21% 
0.56% 
1.80% 
-015% 
131% 
0.39% 
1.27% 
0.39% 
1.27% 
-014% 
3.84% 
2015 
0.81% 
1.54% 
146% 
042% 
1.75% 
0.06% 
0.52% 
0.75% 
0.67% 
0.34% 
0.89% 
0.50% 
10.13% 
2014 
-0.28% 
0.28% 
-034% 
-0.49% 
1.00% 
1.34% 
1.51% 
. Cialen wont. a ulnae 
PERFORMANCE STATISTICS' 
FUND SU AMARY 
07/01/2014 - 07/31/2017 
Boothbay 
S&P 500 Index!
Find AUM 
$236M4
Cumulative Net Total Return 
21.03% 
26.02% 
Class F&A 
5195M 
Average Annualzed Net Return 
6.39% 
7.79% 
Management Fee 
1.0% 
Percentage of Up Months 
73% 
59% 
incentNe Allocation 
14.0% 
Percentage of Down Months 
27% 
41% 
High Water Mark 
Yes 
Best Month Net Return 
1.80% 
8.30% 
Administrator 
NAV Consulting 
Worst Month Net Return 
-1.21% 
-626% 
Auditor 
KPMG 
Standard Deviation 
2.58% 
10.19% 
Legal 
Kleinberg. Kaplan. Wolff 8 Cohen 
Sharpe Ratio 
2.24 
0.74 
PIN* Brokers 
BNP Partas. Goldman Sachs. UBS 
Sortino Retie 
6.00 
1.31 
CONTACT 
Calmar Ratio 
4.56 
028 
Frederick Richardson 
Largest CieradOese (Month to Month) 
4.40% 
.8.89% 
Beta (to VIP 500) 
-0.01 
1.00 
212.332.2676 
Pagel 
EFTA00591783
--- PAGE 2 ---
BOOTHBAY ABSOLUTE RETURN STRATEGIES, LP 
JULY 2017 
BETA SUMMARY' 
Boothbey Portfolio 
500 Index 
-0.01 
Russel] 2000 Index 
0.02 
HFRX Absolute Return 
034 
HFRX Global Fund 
0.14 
B 
BOOTHBAY 
UM/ MANAGIMEN1'. LLC 
RISK ADJUSTED RETURNS3
Annuarced Net Rebon 
10% 
5% 
0% 
Boothbay 
• 
MX absolute 
Return 
H1RXGIOba1 
• 
Hedge Fund 
a 
(-de.< 
• 
Russe112000 Index 
0.0% 
5.0% 
10.0% 
NZ% 
20.0% 
Annuaked Stand/lid Donation 
PERFORMANCE GROWTH CURVELL3
130% 
125% 
120% 
115% 
110% 
105% 
100% 
95% 
—8cotbbray 
.xtr.
S - ri; f•Un'Egf?f?kNFUrg
ic itfgfrifil
l ik 
$$*$$**;*1* 
MONTHLY RETURNS WHEN 
500 IS DOWN"'
a 
• Beall:ray 
a 
a
•• 
500 inaa 
RETURN DiSTRIBUT1ONI23
In
a 
• Bo:Abbey 
OM 500 Index 
■ 
.1% to .05% 
435% to 0% 
Returns 
0% to 0 
I 
• 
I 
Page 2 
EFTA00591784
--- PAGE 3 ---
BOOTHBAY ABSOLUTE RETURN STRATEGIES, LP 
JULY 2017 
B 
BOOTHBAY 
FUND MANAGEMENT. LLC 
ANALYTICS 
Exposure' 
% of NAV 
Total Equity Positions 
Exposure 
% of Risk-Adjusted Investment" 
Long 
169% 
>1500 
Strategy Type 
Long 
Short 
Goss 
Net 
Short 
-167% 
>1500 
Fundamental US 
169% 
-168% 
336% 
1% 
Net 
2% 
OuantltalJve 
241% 
-241% 
482% 
0% 
Goss 
336% 
>3000 
Other 
65% 
-58% 
123% 
7% 
Total (% of NAW 
169% 
-167% 
336% 
2% 
lauuretnea excoLiscsevoudna Lest rost-sacanco 
Perkananee 
Attribution a 
MTh 
'no 
Iptite Wised erpones. CaltOrg ant bat elbctlion 
Market Yak* by Region' 
Strategy Type 
Region 
Long 
Short 
Total 
Fundamental US 
0.33% 
1.60% 
US & Canada 
44% 
-34% 
78% 
Quantitative 
-0.40% 
-2.04% 
Asia 
7% 
10% 
Other 
0.42% 
2.97% 
Europe 
6% 
8% 
First Loss 
0.45% 
1.72% 
Other 
2% 
-1% 
4% 
Net Performance 
0.80% 
416% 
Total 
59% 
-41% 
100% 
'Stan/ correbillon loM1Ord YTO roOkm spaogrebn Iti corliituOan c. 
riJ,.W 
lo To Iola not 
reaarnbourd on ittierml mettrodcloge Pony *to •ndnit• 
Number of Managers 
Inclals Inn las Obvlo, 
Market Capitalization' 
Multi-Strategy 
Strategy Type 
Large 
Mid 
Small 
NYherd daro-Saatedra.) 
4108 
528 to $108 
428 
First Loss 
Fundamental L/5 
53% 
30% 
18% 
Total 
Quantitative 
42% 
36% 
22% 
Other 
43% 
16% 
41% 
First Loss 
39% 
28% 
33% 
Total 
47% 
28% 
25% 
"Equti toesambrearamerms -rietaclivIrek. aborica 
RISK-ADJUSTED CAPITAL ALLOCATION FOR MULTI-STRATEGY AND HYBRID MANAGERS 
Managers 
Managers 
Managers 
Page 3 
EFTA00591785
--- PAGE 4 ---
BOOTHBAY ABSOLUTE RETURN STRATEGIES, LP 
JULY 2017 
B BOOTH BAY 
FUND MANAGEMENT. LLC 
MS DOCUMENT IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY INTERESTS IN BOOTHBAY ABSOLUTE RETURN STRATEGIES. LP OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
(TOGETHER 'THE FUNCI') AN OFFERING OF INTERESTS WILL BE MADE ONLY BY MEANS OF A CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE OFFERING MEMORANDUM (TIE 'MEMORANDUM, AND ONLY TO 
QUALIFIED INVESTORS IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE PERMITTED BY LAW. 
An investment in the Fund is speculative and imams a high degree of risk. The Fund will have lirnitatians on investors' ability to withdraw or transfer their investments. and no secondary market 
for the Fund's interests exists a will develop. Certain of these risk& and other important rota. are desaibed n detail in the Fund's Memorandum. Prospective investors are strongly urged to 
review the Memorandum carefully and consult with their own financial. legal and tax advisors. before investng. 
There can be no assurances that the Fund vN have a return on invested capital similar to the retain of other accounts managed by Ari Gass or &abbey Fund Management LLC (together with 
thew ',nines. "Eiccebenn because. among other reasons there may be differences n investment pubes. economic conditions. regulatory climate. portfolio size. patrol* managers. leverage 
and expenses. In addition there is no guarantee that Boothbay will succeed in attractig portfolio managers a that it will be able to construct a successful platform of portfolio managers. The 
fact that the Fund or other accounts managed by An Glass or Boothbay have realized gains in the past is not an indication that the Fund will rersize any germ it the future. Prior performance is 
not necessarily indicative of future results. 
This investor presentation contains certain forward looking statements and projections_ Such statements and projections ale subject to a number of assumptions. risks and uncertainties which 
may cause actual results. performance or achievements to be materially afferent from future results. performance or achievements expressed or Implied by these (award.looking statements and 
projections_ Prospeckw investors are cautioned not to invest based on these fonvardlcolung statements and projections. 
The information in this hwesta presentation is current as of the date listed on the cover page and is subject to change or amendment. The delivery of the investor presentation at any lone does 
not imply that the information contained herein is correct at anytime subsequent to such date. Certain information contained herein has been suppled to Boothbay byoutside spaces. While 
Boothbay believes such sources are reliable. it cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any such information. 
DSO:titian of this investor presentation to any person other than the person to ivhorn this Informationwas originally delivered or to such person's acNisors is unauthorized and any reproduction 
of these materials. in whole a in part. or the enclosure of any of the contents. without the express. peter written consent of Boothbay n each such instance is prohibited. 
ENONOTES 
t All returns at the investor presentation are net of a I% management fee and a 14.0% incentive allocation. Such returns are net of expenses including but not limited to trader performance and 
reflect the reinvestment of drip:lends. capital gains and other commgs and assumes 'new Sues' eligibility. These returns assume an investment et inception. Performance for an indwidual 
investor may differ due to. among other things. the tienng of subscriptions and withdrawal& applicable management fees and incentive compensation rates. and the extent to which an investor 
may participate in 'new issues.' Past performance is not indicative of future romans. For Sharpe Ratio calculation and Sorts Ratio cakulation. m
onth UBOR a set as the target return rate. 
Assorting Class 2A's 16.5%. instead of theassumed 14% incentive allocation the Fund's ITD net return would be 20.05%. and annual net returns for each of 2014. 2015 2016 and 2017 (YTD) 
would be 1.46%. 9.84%. 3.74% and 3.83%. respectiveN. 
2. The 2014. 2015 and 2016 annual returns are calculated using audited data and assuming a 14.0% ncentwe allocation Al 2017 returns are based on unaudited data and assuming a 14.0% 
incentive accation. 
3. The SW 500 is an American stock market index based on the market captanations of 503 large compass having common Mock listed on the NYSE or NASDAQ. Comparisons to indices 
have limitations because the composition of indices Ifor example. in terms of number and type of securities) and the volatility and other material characteristics of indices may differ substantially 
from the Fund. In addition. unike the Fund which is acbvely managed and may periodically flatten cash positions. indices. such as the SPX index. are unmanaged and are fully invested. 
Therefore. performance of the Fund may differ substantially from the performance of an index. Because of these differences. an index's returns should not be vowed as a representation that the 
Fund's portfolio a comparable to the SCartibet comprising such index and should not be relied upon as an accurate measure of companion. 
4. AUM is estimated and includes el Share Classes including First Loss Share Can. 
5. Anaylas are based on the month-end partfolnesbmates. 
6. Strategy type exposures arecalculated by taking the beta.adjusted exposureper strategy type divided by the riskadjusted investment per strategy type. Volablityarbarage managers beta. 
adjusted exposures are calculated using EICCeiblYS proprietary options beta model. and portfolio level hedges are allocated pro rata with net risk exposures by strategy type. Excludes SPACs, 
convertible bends and preferred securities. 
7. Based en the horning of the month NAV. 
8. Strategy level performance a provided for airstream purposes only. We do not generally calculate separate net asset values. performance information. expenses or fees for each of the 
strategy categories (Strategtes) set forth in this chart. No irelwelual investor's cao4al account is Notated to a 'Ingle Strategyand therefore the performance attributable to any particular 
investor's account would not match the performance of any particular Strategy. Strategy contribution to M7D and YTD return approxmates the contribution of each strategy to the total net 
return. It wen calculated internally. based CO available data and carton good faith assumptions For more information on how Strategy Level performance wm calculated. Obese contact us 
9. The strategy type exposure charts should not beconstrued as provicIng any assurance or guarantee as to the composition of the Fund's portfolios in the future. Actual portfolio cornposibon 
may. and at times will. differ from such Intoncal exposures. Percentages reflect average risk-adjusted capital atocation and does not include First Loss asocations. 
Page 4 
EFTA00591786

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591787.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591787.pdf
----------------------------------------
Offshore Marine 
8185 SUBBASE - ST. THOMAS, US VIRGIN ISLANDS - 00802 - 
WWW.OFFSHOREVI COM 
QUOTATION 
DATE: 10/31/2017 
PREPARED BY: 
Harald Tapp 
FOR: LITTLE ST. JAMES, LLC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS B-3 
ST. THOMAS, 
VI 
00802-1348 
QUOTE #: 
PHONE: 
FAX: 
COR 775-8100 or 
775-2528 
ITEM NUMBER 
DESCRIPTION 
QTY 
AMOUNT 
300-1039706 
YAMAHA 
F300BETX 
$22,012.00 
$0.00 
6CE-45211-10-8D 
EXTENSION 
$367.66 
6AW-44366-00-00 
DAMPER, WATER SEAL 
$1.30 
93608-16M16-00 
PIN,DOWEL 
$2.40 
63P-45378-00-00 
NIPPLE, HOSE 
$1.43 
93210-07540-00 
0-RING 
$0.65 
6CE-45321-00-00 
PLATE 
$6.05 
93106-10001-00 
OIL SEAL 
$2.83 
6CE-44150-10-00 
SHIFT CAM ASSY RH 
$83.03 
6CE-45501-10-00 
DRIVE SHAFT COMP. 
$269.04 
6CE-44362-0O-00 
WATER TUBE 2 
$4.91 
6AW-44365-00-00 
DAMPER, WATER SEAL 
$1.94 
6AW-44312-00-00 
COVER, WATER PUMP HO 
$1.88 
QUOTED PRICE IS FOR ENGINE ONLY - US SPEC. 
EXTENDED FROM 25 TO 30". 
INSTALLATION WILL BE DONE ON A PARTS/LABOR BASIS 
AND INVOICED SEPARATELY. 
QUOTE VALID FOR 30 DAYS. 
WE LOOK FORWARD TO BEING OF SERVICE TO YOU. 
DISCOUNT 
INSTALLATION/LABOR 
RIGGING SUPPLIES 
QUOTE TOTAL 
SINCERELY, 
$0.00 
$196.00 
$0.00 
$23,071.71 
SIGNED 
DATED 
Harald Tapp 
EFTA00591787
--- PAGE 2 ---
Offshore Marine 
8185 SUBBASE - ST. THOMAS, US VIRGIN ISLANDS - 00802 - 
- WWW.OFFSHOREVLCOM 
QUOTATION 
DATE: 10/31/2017 
PREPARED BY: 
Harald Tapp 
FOR: LITTLE ST. JAMES, LLC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS B-3 
ST. THOMAS, 
VI 
00802-1348 
QUOTE #: 
PHONE: 
FAX: 
COR 775-8100 or 
775-2528 
ITEM NUMBER 
DESCRIPTION 
QTY 
AMOUNT 
300-1039706 
YAMAHA 
F300BETX 
$22,012.00 
6AW-44363-00-00 
WATER TUBE3 
58.35 
90116-10041-00 
BOLT, STUD 
$75.24 
90201-10048-00 
"WASHER, PLATE 
$2.52 
90170-10009-00 
NUT 
$17.34 
90119-10009-00 
BOLT, WITH WASHER 
$8.40 
90119-10008-00 
BOLT, WITH WASHER 
$8.74 
QUOTED PRICE IS FOR ENGINE ONLY - US SPEC. 
EXTENDED FROM 25 TO 30". 
INSTALLATION WILL BE DONE ON A PARTS/LABOR BASIS 
AND INVOICED SEPARATELY. 
QUOTE VALID FOR 30 DAYS. 
WE LOOK FORWARD TO BEING OF SERVICE TO YOU. 
DISCOUNT 
INSTALLATION/LABOR 
RIGGING SUPPLIES 
QUOTE TOTAL 
SINCERELY, 
$0.00 
$196.00 
$0.00 
$23,071.71 
SIGNED 
DATED 
Harald Tapp 
EFTA00591788

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591789.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Sun. 15 January 2017 09:41:59 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page 1 of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Samoa 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Ticket DL 0067938061111-15JAN 
Ticket DL 0067938061112-15JAN 
Tuesday 17 Jan 17 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Delta Air Lines 
DL 676 
Charlotte Amalie, 
New York. 
02:42 PM 
05:59 PM 
Terminal 4 
J Business Class 
1C. 1O 
Cyril E King Airport 
John F Kennedy International 
Loyalty Program 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 17 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 757-200/3O0 
Meal 
Lunch 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
2PC 
DL 
9209114272 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary POAAUZ 
i
iiii
iCAN
E<PRESS 
EFTA00591789
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Additional Messages 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available* 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a $100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at 111\1'.3mericanexp --,, , . ., ii I 
To book your stay, visit amerIcanexpress.comiffir or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cat Centurion Travel Service for details 
•• Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
For more information on benefits and eligibility, please visit: 
• Centurion Hotel Program: centunon.com 
• FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: amextravel.comIhr 
• The Hotel Collection: arnericanexnresc rhrorusirreitit<a en c..h.^-, fos,c,,hi ht•rolAl-c 
ctionzprwm[nr-goto 
• International Aire-ms Program: lac amenranexnrecszera 
• Cruise Privileges Program: aine_ace.nexprie55..P9MiguSePaLl
will 
• Platinum Destinations Vacations: amencanexpress.comrustredit-cardubenefitsidetattclatinum-destinations-vacationsolatinum 
• Pay with PcMts: amercanexpress.comreavwithpoints 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any lodge's'. tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of American Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively. 'Amex") has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
imposed charges. itcluding. but not tinned to. dairy resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-out You may wish to inquire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at 
'. Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
lakannal Travel nricumentatInn and Informatinn• 
Travelers desiring transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining al necessary travel documents and complying with all govemment travel 
requirements. You must present all eXit entry and other documents rectiared by law. Amex shat not be responsible to you for any loss or expense due to your failure to 
comply with such reqUrements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carriage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable lava. regulations. orders. 
demands. or requirements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibikty to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your journey. Many 
countries requie that your passport be vabd for up to six (6) months from you' date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign country. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at ItiL ,,:ra-el state csavrcontenTcassr,- . 
• ;.i•Arn•intrs.. tarn( Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclams any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on the foregoing 
website. 
• 
Air Transportation 
Page 2 of 3 
Itinerary POAAUZ 
~A.VE RYAN 
ID<PRESS 
EFTA00591790
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of3 
Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. Please visit littptsamoreqauavelaalstalsdporiditions for more 
information. 
Airline Notice on Hazardous Materials 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of S250000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solds. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried WI your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further 
information contact your airline representative or visit htues./inven fan gpvratoirteneiativeyhavmac.afere 
Liability Statement 
You understand and agree that American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affikates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex,. 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. diectly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or failures of 
equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil unrest. 
strikes. riots. theft. disease. accidents or failures related to the pubbc intemet. telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party technology systems. a any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex 
Intermediary Disclosure 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itneraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets a other goals, and from tine to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to ow marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier proffirris and services. From tine to time we may enter into other business relabonships with suppliers and 
these arrangements, including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommendig itineraries. we 
may consider a number of factors, including supplier availatility and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
State-Sped& noselniiinie; 
a 
Upon cancellation of the transportation or travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled n violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier. 
without obtaining a refund and such other provider fails to prov.de the agreed-upon transportation a service. In this situation. the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establishing the disbursement of the customer payment. and if disbursed to a registered wholesaler of 
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seder of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in Cakfomia at the time of payment. Efigble passengers may file a claim with the 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than S50 for transportation a travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when requred. The maximise amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed S15.000. A claim must be submitted to the TCRF will*, 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A clam 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the clan and a S35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to wane their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating seder of travel for matters arisng out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRFIr website at aww tcrcinfoorq. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation a other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thily (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
HAWAII: Please visit 
.SCI3/06/consun 
edt for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which maintains our tra,e acenr 
s: account is Bank of 
Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue. Honolulu. HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account 
California C.51111022318. Washington UBIt600.469-694. Iowa Trlus669. 
Page 3 of 3 
Itinerary POAAUZ 
iA
 :I 
BCPRESS 
EFTA00591791

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591792.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591792.pdf
----------------------------------------
VALAR 
VLNYURLU 
Valor Global Fund III LP Capital Call 
July 20, 2017 
Dear Southern Trust Company, Inc., 
Thank you again for your partnership in Valor Global Fund III LP (the Fund). The Fund is calling 
capital from you in the amount of $4,250,000.00, which represents 17% of your total commitment 
of $25,000,000.00. This capital contribution is due on or before Thursday August 3, 2017. 
After this capital contribution, you will hove contributed 60% of your total commitment with a 
remaining 40% of total unfunded commitment, which is detailed below. 
Total Commitment: 
Total Contributions as of August 3, 2017: 
Total Unfunded Commitment: 
$25,000,000.00 
$15,000,000.00 
$10,000,000.00 
Please wire your funds in accordance with the following instructions: 
Due Date: 
Amount Due: 
Bank Name: 
ABA#: 
Beneficiary Name: 
Beneficiary Account: 
Thursday August 3, 2017 
$4,250,000.00 
Silicon Valley Bank 
121140399 
Valor Global Fund III LP 
3301520427 
If you should have any questions regarding this information, please feel free to contact me at 
reuben@valar.com. 
Sincerely, 
Reuben Kobulnik 
COO/CFO 
Valor Ventures LLC 915 Broadway Suite 1101 New York, New York 10010 www.volor.eom 
EFTA00591792

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591793.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591793.pdf
----------------------------------------
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
SULLIVAN & CROMWELL LLP 
July 12, 2017 
Via E-mail 
MEMORANDUM TO: Ada Clapp 
Barry J. Cohen 
Bradley J. Wechsler 
(Elysium Management LLC) 
FROM: Charles T. Dowling 
Elizabeth A. Kubanik 
RE: Leon Black Estate Planning 
This memorandum summarizes our high-level thoughts on Leon Black's 
estate planning based upon the information and documents that have been provided to us 
and our discussions with you. As a general matter, we have been very impressed by 
Leon's planning to date, which we found to be creative, sophisticated and thorough. 
I. 
CLAT Planning 
a. Overview 
We believe the proposed CLAT planning would be a very effective means 
to minimize estate tax on Leon's estate and preserve assets for Leon's descendants. We 
see no reason not to implement this planning now as flexibility can be maintained to take 
into account potential tax changes by providing that the CLATs will be funded only in 
the event there is an estate tax upon Leon's death. Funding the CLATs with interests in 
Black Family Partners, L.P. ("BFP") has the potential to make the CLATs very 
successful in building value for the remainder beneficiaries as such interests are highly 
EFTA00591793
--- PAGE 2 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
appreciable and eligible for a valuation discount upon creation of the CLATs. As 
described more fully below, we considered the "self-dealing" and "excess business 
holdings" rules which, although complicated, do not present an impediment to funding 
the CLATs with BFP interests or artwork that cannot be managed. In addition, the use of 
CLATs in Leon's estate planning should not have any impact on benefits available under 
the Tax Receivable Agreement ("TRA"). 
b. Self-Dealing Rules 
We considered application of the self-dealing rules to an exchange of 
Apollo Operating Group ("AOG") units for Apollo Class A stock after Leon's death 
when BFP is controlled by the CLATs, and whether an exchange between BFP and APO 
Corp. would be an act of indirect self-dealing between a "controlled organization" and a 
"disqualified person." BR' would be a controlled organization because, as the owners of 
the general partner of BR', the Trustees of the CLATs could require BFP to enter into an 
exchange. On the other side of the transaction, APO Corp. would not be a disqualified 
person. 
Disqualified persons with respect to the CLATs include, among others, 
Leon, certain of Leon's family members, the Trustees of the CLATs and corporations, 
partnerships, trusts and estates in which such persons own more than 35% of the 
combined voting power, profits interests or beneficial interests, respectively. Leon 
currently owns 33.3% of the voting control of APO Corp. through his interest in BRH 
Holdings GP, Ltd. ("BRH GP")) Upon Leon's death, his successor will be appointed to 
Leon and the other principals, through BRH GP, together own the only 
outstanding Class B share which represents 57.94% of the total voting power 
based on Apollo's 2016 10-K. In reality, the principals have 100% voting control 
-2-
EFTA00591794
--- PAGE 3 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
the Executive Committee of BRH GP and automatically will succeed to Leon's interest in 
BRH GP pursuant to the Agreement Among Principals. Therefore, the CLATs will not 
have any voting control over APO Corp. Even if a disqualified person is designated as 
Leon's successor on the Executive Committee, that individual would succeed to Leon's 
33.3% voting control and would not meet the 35% threshold in order to make APO Corp. 
a disqualified person with respect to the CLATs. Therefore, exchanges should not be 
considered indirect self-dealing transactions. 
Self-dealing issues could arise if the loans that Leon has received from 
family trusts are repaid in kind with BFP interests or artwork after the death of the 
survivor of Leon and Debra. However, the "estate administration" exception generally 
can be utilized to exempt such transactions from the self-dealing rules if such repayments 
are made prior to funding the CLATs and certain other requirements set forth in the 
Treasury Regulations are satisfied, including Surrogate's Court approval of the proposed 
repayments.2 Alternatively, reliance on the estate administration exception would not be 
because AGM Management, LLC, which is owned and controlled by the 
principals through BRH GP, will manage all of Apollo's operations and activities 
and have discretion over significant corporate actions as long as the "control 
condition" is satisfied (j.e., the principals, their affiliates, and certain other 
insiders continue to own at least 10% of the aggregate number of votes). The 
Agreement Among Principals specifically contemplates a three-person Executive 
Committee of BRH GP and accordingly Leon's voting interest would remain at 
33.3% as long as the control condition is satisfied. 
The relevant requirements of the "estate administration" exception include: (i) the 
executor of the estate or trustee of the revocable trust possesses the power of sale 
with respect to the property or has the power to reallocate the property to another 
beneficiary; (ii) such transaction is approved by the probate court having 
jurisdiction over the estate or trust; (iii) such transaction occurs before all 
remaining interests of the estate or trust are charitable; (iv) the estate or trust 
receives at least fair market value consideration; and (v) such transaction results 
-3-
EFTA00591795
--- PAGE 4 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
necessary if the estate raises sufficient liquidity through the sale of artwork and 
exchanges of AOG units to satisfy the loans in cash. 
Payment of CLAT annuity payments to the Leon Black Family 
Foundation (the "Foundation") in kind with BFP interests or artwork also raises self-
dealing issues. The transfer of BFP interests or artwork to the Foundation would be 
treated as a deemed sale between the Foundation and the CLAT, a disqualified person 
with respect to the Foundation as a substantial contributor to the Foundation. Therefore, 
exchanges of AOG units or sales of artwork would be necessary to the extent there is not 
sufficient liquidity in the CLAT to satisfy an annuity payment with cash. Alternatively, 
artwork could be paid in kind to public charities based on a fair market value appraisal. 
c. Excess Business Holding Rules 
We considered whether the CLATs' holdings in BFP would constitute 
excess business holdings that must be disposed of within five years of receipt. A CLAT 
has excess business holdings to the extent that it, together with all disqualified persons, 
owns in the aggregate more than 20% of the profits interest of an unincorporated business 
enterprise, such as a partnership. The foregoing limitation is increased to 35% if the 
business enterprise is effectively controlled by one or more non-disqualified persons. 
The term "business enterprise" does not include a trade or business which derives at least 
95% of its gross income from passive sources. If a CLAT owns an interest in a business 
enterprise through an intermediate holding company, the CLAT is treated as owning its 
proportionate share of the interests in the business enterprise. 
in the foundation receiving an interest or expectancy at least as liquid as the one 
given up. 
_4_ 
EFTA00591796
--- PAGE 5 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
The CLATs' interests in BFP should not qualify as an interest in a 
business enterprise because BFP has more than 95% passive income. AOG units owned 
through BFP would be considered interests in a business enterprise that would be 
attributed to the CLATs in proportion to their interests in BFP. After Leon's death, 
assuming a non-disqualified person is designated as Leon's successor on the Executive 
Committee of BRH GP, non-disqualified persons would effectively control AOG. (Even 
if a disqualified person is designated as Leon's successor, however, AOG should still be 
under the effective control of non-disqualified persons because the other two principals 
(or their successors) would have control.) Accordingly, the threshold for excess business 
holdings in AOG units should be 35%. Under the current ownership structure, BFP owns 
21% of the profits interests in AOG, 33.9% of the profits interests in Fund IV and 26.2% 
of the profits interests in Fund V.3 Accordingly, BFP's profits interests in AOG, 
including the two Heritage Funds, should not exceed the 35% threshold for excess 
business holdings. 
d. Tax Receivable Agreement 
The use of CLATs in Leon's estate planning should not have any impact 
on benefits available under the TRA. The CLATs would be entitled to the same TRA 
payments upon making exchanges of AOG units for Apollo Class A stock that Leon 
These percentages were arrived at by applying Leon's Sharing Percentage (44%) 
and Heritage Points Percentages (71% for Fund IV and 55% for Fund V) under 
the Agreement Among Principals to the 47.79% of AOG units owned by Leon 
and the other two principals as of February 8, 2017 based on Apollo's 2016 10-K. 
Leon's profits interests in AOG units, Fund IV and Fund V likely differ somewhat 
from the percentages provided herein as we understand the other principals have 
made exchanges since entering into the Agreement Among Principals which 
would have resulted in an adjustment of the Sharing Percentages and Heritage 
Points Percentages. 
-5-
EFTA00591797
--- PAGE 6 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
would be entitled to during his lifetime. Under the Exchange Agreement, there are two 
types of exchanges — "A Exchanges" for gratuitous transfers of Apollo stock to charity, 
which are nontaxable exchanges that do not give rise to TRA payments, and "B 
Exchanges" for sales of Apollo Class A stock in the market, which are taxable exchanges 
that trigger TRA payments. The transfer of BFP interests from Leon's estate to the 
CLATs would not be considered a nontaxable A Exchange because the CLATs 
themselves are not charities and no AOG units would be exchanged for public stock as 
part of the transfer. As exchanges are made by the CLATs in order to raise liquidity, the 
CLATs would opt to make taxable B Exchanges and receive the corresponding TRA 
payments. 
e. CLAT Calculations 
If Leon determines to proceed with CLAT planning, we would 
recommend rerunning the CLAT calculations at that time in order to fine tune the terms 
of the CLATs before they are finalized. 
II. 
Generation-Skipping Transfer Tax Planning 
While Leon's estate planning has been very successful in moving 
substantial assets out of his taxable estate, under current law significant generation-
skipping transfer ("GST") taxes will be owed on the death of Leon's children without 
further planning. Accordingly, we recommend that consideration be given now to 
planning to address the GST tax. For example, Leon could set up a "mirror" Heritage 
Trust that is exempt from GST tax.4 Such trust would be funded with Leon's remaining 
In order to preserve GST-exempt assets for future generations of Leon's 
descendants, the GST-Exempt Heritage Trust should not include any provision for 
-6-
EFTA00591798
--- PAGE 7 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
exemption amount (and Debra's remaining exemption amount, if desired) and the assets 
currently held in the Black Family 1997 GST Exempt Trust.5 The GST-exempt Heritage 
Trust could then purchase interests in BFP, or other assets with appreciation potential, 
from one or more of the non-exempt trusts in exchange for a promissory note bearing 
interest at the applicable federal rate ("AFR"). The GST-exempt trust's purchase money 
financing would be supported by the initial equity seed capital received by the GST-
exempt trust as well as by further credit support in the form of guaranties from one or 
more of the non-exempt trusts (other than the selling trusts). For example, the GST-
exempt Heritage Trust could purchase a 19.72 % limited partnership interest in BFP 
worth approximately $470 million6 from the APO-01 Declaration and the Black 2011 
Family Trusts in exchange for a Note that would be guaranteed by the APOI Agreement 
and APO2 Declaration? All returns and appreciation in value on the purchased assets in 
excess of the AFR would be captured by the GST-exempt trust. Value accumulating in 
the GST-exempt trust could be used to make additional purchases from the non-exempt 
payment of assets to Legacy Trusts for the children. Instead, the Legacy Trusts 
should be funded with non-exempt assets. 
We understand that the Black Family 1997 GST Exempt Trust holds GST tax-
exempt assets. Because that trust does not include the more tailored governance 
provisions of the Heritage Trust, it may be desirable to consolidate the GST 
exempt assets in a single trust. 
As of December 31, 2016. 
In Part III.a. below, we recommend pouring the assets of certain family trusts that 
Leon has created into the Heritage Trust or into one or more other trusts 
incorporating the governance provisions of the Heritage Trust. If the GST 
planning described above is implemented, a trust that is an obligee under the Note 
from the GST-exempt Heritage Trust would not be consolidated into a trust that is 
a guarantor of such Note. 
-7-
EFTA00591799
--- PAGE 8 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
trusts for AFR notes. Over time, such planning has the potential to shift substantial 
value from the non-exempt trusts to the GST-exempt trust. 
III. 
Governance Considerations 
a. Conforming Governance Provisions Across Trusts 
The Heritage Trust contains well thought-out, detailed governance 
provisions which provide the children with the opportunity to participate in trust 
governance by recommending that the trust invest in business "Ventures" with which 
they are involved, and by serving as Trustees after Leon's death. In order to achieve 
Leon's goals uniformly with respect to all of the trust assets, the governance provisions 
of the other family trusts that Leon has created should be conformed to the Heritage 
Trust. Specifically, the assets of the APO-01 Declaration, Publishing Trust, APOI 
Agreement and APO2 Declaration could be poured into the Heritage Trust now, or into 
one or more other trusts incorporating the governance provisions of the Heritage Trusts
Funding the Heritage Trust now would provide an opportunity for the 
Trustees to engage with the beneficiaries and educate them regarding trust matters during 
Leon's lifetime. We would encourage the Trustees to consider having regular meetings 
with the beneficiaries which will help to prepare them for the greater governance role 
they will take on after Leon's death. In addition, if the Heritage Trust is funded now Q.e., 
with assets from the existing trusts), the Legacy Trusts for the children could be funded 
It would not be appropriate for the assets of the 1992 and 1999 Insurance Trusts 
or the Black 2011 Family Trusts to be poured into the Heritage Trust as the 1992 
and 1999 Insurance Trusts each hold a joint and survivor policy and Debra is not 
a beneficiary of such trusts, and the Black 2011 Family Trusts already are divided 
into separate shares for the children. As described in Part II above, we would 
recommend pouring the assets of the Black Family 1997 Trust into a "mirror" 
GST-Exempt Heritage Trust. 
-8-
EFTA00591800
--- PAGE 9 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
from the Heritage Trust during Leon's lifetime, upon the children's reaching the specified 
ages, so that the assets may be available to them during Leon's lifetime, including for the 
purchase of a principal residence as contemplated by the terms of the trust. Leon could 
still maintain substantial control over the Heritage Trust if it is funded during his lifetime, 
including retaining the right to remove and replace the Trustees and to substitute assets of 
the trust. 
b. Trust Governance 
1. General Considerations 
As a general matter, in long-term trust planning there is a tension between 
vesting ultimate control over a trust in independent Trustees or in family Trustees after 
the settlor's death. Traditionally in trust planning ultimate control was vested in an 
independent Trustee, but it has now become much more typical to empower the trust 
beneficiaries as a check on the Trustee's control. Some of our clients have chosen to give 
their descendants ultimate control over trusts they have created by granting their adult 
descendants (acting either unanimously, by majority or by a majority of the family lines) 
a power to remove and replace the Trustees with independent Trustees (or specified 
categories of independent Trustees). Other clients have chosen to moderate their 
descendants' level of control by putting in place a system of "checks and balances" that 
gives the family as a whole some degree of control over independent Trustees without 
enabling any particular family members to assume control. For example, the settlor's 
children, acting unanimously, could be granted the right to remove an independent 
Trustee and replace him or her with another independent Trustee selected from a group of 
three potential successor independent Trustees nominated by the outgoing independent 
-9-
EFTA00591801
--- PAGE 10 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Trustee. Such a structure would preserve a measure of independence of the Trustees and 
can mitigate against the risk of one or more "insider" beneficiaries dominating the 
"outsider" beneficiaries by putting in place a hand-picked candidate who potentially may 
favor their interests over those of the outsider beneficiaries. There are many variations of 
such systems of "checks and balances." 
2. Heritage Trust and Legacy Trust Trustee Provisions 
Currently, Richard Ressler9 and John Hannan are serving as the Trustees 
of the Heritage Trust and the Legacy Trusts.1° Upon Leon's death, each of Leon's 
children is designated as an additional Trustee of the Heritage Trust (with two votes 
shared among the four of them) and as an additional Trustee of the Legacy Trust for his 
or her benefit (upon reaching age thirty-five). Either now or in the future one additional 
Trustee of the Heritage Trust could be appointed by the individual (i.e., non-institutional) 
Trustees, acting unanimously, as there can be as many as seven Trustees (including 
Richard, John and the four children). There can be as many as five Trustees of each 
Legacy Trust, and each of the children has the right to remove and replace the Trustees of 
the Legacy Trust for his or her benefit with independent Trustees upon reaching age 
forty. These Trustee provisions are not uniform across the various family trusts. For 
After Leon's death, Richard Ressler's service as a Trustee would attract 
California income tax based on the proportion of California and non-California 
resident Trustees. The trusts also would owe New York income tax on all of their 
income as long as any of the Trustees is a New York resident, the trusts hold New 
York situs property or have New York source income. It is likely the trusts will 
have New York source income as long as they hold interests in AOG. 
Barry Cohen recently resigned as Trustee without designating a successor. We 
were provided with Barry's resignations from all of the other trusts of which he 
was serving as Trustee other than the 1992 Insurance Trust. Barry also is 
designated as an Executor under Leon's Will, with Debra and Richard, and as 
Leon's successor Manager of the General Partner of BFP. 
-10-
EFTA00591802
--- PAGE 11 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
example, under the APO-01 Declaration, which we understand holds interests in BFP, 
John Hannan and Debra will serve as Trustees after Leon's death, and there can be as 
many as eight Trustees of such trust. 
As originally designed, the Heritage Trust structure appears to 
contemplate that there would be three independent Trustees having a majority vote over 
matters in which the family trustees can participate. Based on the current designations, 
however, there will be two independent Trustees and four family Trustees (having two 
votes in the aggregate) after Leon's death. The independent Trustees of the Heritage 
Trust have sole authority with respect to discretionary distributions of trust income and 
principal to and among the beneficiaries (other than for a beneficiary's health, education, 
maintenance and support), and in determining whether to invest in, or lend funds in 
support of, entrepreneurial Ventures of the beneficiaries. Other trust investment 
decisions will be made by the majority vote of all of the Trustees. 
3. Other Heritage Trust Governance Provisions 
The Heritage Trust includes very detailed guidelines regarding the 
independent Trustees' determination to make Venture investments and loans in support 
of the entrepreneurial endeavors of the beneficiaries, including for example a limitation 
to three Ventures per beneficiary. It may be preferable to set forth such guidelines in a 
detailed Letter of Wishes from Leon to the independent Trustees or in a resolution of the 
independent Trustees rather than hardwiring such provisions into the trust so that they 
may be changed over time as future events unfold. 
-11-
EFTA00591803
--- PAGE 12 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
IV. 
Loans from Family Trusts 
The outstanding amounts of Leon's loans from certain family trusts at the 
time of his death will be debts of his estate and, as such, will be deductible for estate tax 
purposes. Given the very substantial size of the loans, it can be expected that the IRS 
will wish to examine carefully the transactions in which the Notes were issued by Leon. 
There likely will be a very long timeframe between the issuance of the Promissory Notes 
and Leon's death, and accordingly it will be important for Leon's Executors to be able to 
provide contemporaneous evidence that full and adequate consideration was received by 
Leon in exchange for the Notes in order to substantiate the estate tax deduction. 
V. 
Bank of America Loan 
Based on the most recent loan agreement we have reviewed, the Bank of 
America Loan matures on July 31, 2017. We understand an extension of the term is 
being negotiated with Bank of America. Tab C of the Estate and Trust Administration 
presentation dated November 16, 2016 contemplates in the event of Leon's death that the 
loan will be repaid within eighteen months of Leon's death. To minimize pressure to 
liquidate artwork immediately after Leon's death, it obviously would be highly desirable 
to bargain for a reasonable grace period after Leon's death to repay the loan. 
VI. 
Fiduciary Compensation 
It appears to us that the fiduciary compensation provisions of Leon's Will 
and the various trusts may need to be conformed in order to avoid any ambiguity in their 
application. For example, the Will and Revocable Trust provide for different amounts of 
compensation which seem to apply to both the Executors and the Trustees of the 
Revocable Trust during the period of estate administration, and each document appears to 
-12-
EFTA00591804
--- PAGE 13 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
state that it controls. The LB Heritage and Legacy Trust Agreement provides for a third 
compensation amount for services as Trustee of the Heritage Trust, the Legacy Trust 
"and of any other trusts created by the Grantor," which would seem to include the 
Revocable Trust. 
VII. 
Probate Considerations 
We recommend consideration be given to retitling substantial assets into 
the name of the Revocable Trust during Leon's lifetime in order to avoid the need for 
probate, to provide an uninterrupted succession of control in the event of Leon's death, 
and to maintain confidentiality with respect to Leon's estate. 
VIII. Art Use Agreement 
Under the current Art Use Agreement, Debra has been permitted the rent-
free use of artwork held under the APOI Agreement as a beneficiary of such trust. If 
Debra predeceases Leon, the use of such artwork after Debra's death will need to be 
addressed. Leon is not a beneficiary under the APO1 Agreement and his use of the 
artwork without compensation to the trust would result in inclusion of such artwork in his 
taxable estate. If Leon wishes to continue to enjoy the artwork after Debra's death, he 
should enter into a lease arrangement with the Trustees under which he pays fair market 
value rent to the trust. Given the value of the art collection, we would expect the required 
rental payments would be quite large. 
* 
* 
* 
-13-
EFTA00591805
--- PAGE 14 ---
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
We would be pleased to discuss any questions or comments you may have 
on the topics discussed in this memorandum or any other aspect of Leon's estate 
planning. 
C.T.D. 
E.A.K. 
cc: 
Leon D. Black 
Alan S. Halperin 
(Paul, Weiss, Riflcind, Wharton & Garrison LLP) 
-14-
EFTA00591806

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591807.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591807.pdf
----------------------------------------
9:35 AM 
10/03/17 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
January through December 201 5 
Date 
Num 
Name 
Memo 
Amount 
50000 • General 
50080 • Gifts 
50099 • Sue 
01/12/2015 
Frederic Fekkal & Co. 
Sue 
235.13 
01/12/2015 
Frederic Fekkal & Co. 
Sue tip 
43.55 
01/14/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Warren Tricomi - Sue hair 
288.42 
01/14/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
cleanere5 
500.55 
01/14/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
The New School - education 
500.00 
01/14/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
food -jan 2015 statement 
1,604.80 
01/14/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
GYM 
193.00 
01/14/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Fekkal - hair 
306.99 
01/14/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
medical - DR Elhavweinstein - phyc... 
2,100.00 
01/14/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
City MD - medical 
125.00 
01/14/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Nails 
52.00 
01/14/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Walgreens. dydes 
3,036.09 
01/14/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Leatheir SPA 
80.28 
01/14/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Yoga 
170.00 
01/14/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
hg 
33.26 
01/14/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
taxi - Jan 2015 statement 
1,129.30 
01/14/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Sue clothes - Bloomingdales and ot... 
353.84 
01/3012015 
Thomas J. Magnani ... 
Sue 
645.00 
02110/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
(tunes 
3.99 
02110/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
An supplies - Utrecht Art 
209.57 
02110/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
cleaners 
74.40 
02/10/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
flowers 
21.65 
02110/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
food - feb statement 
326.32 
02110/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
GYM and Yoga feb statement 
230.28 
02110/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Taxi - Feb statement 
808.88 
02110/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
travel 
99.10 
03112/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
An supplies - UtrechArt and Blick Art 
850.92 
0311212015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
books - Bames & Noble 
118.04 
03112/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Cleaners 
311.80 
03112/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Bloomingdales - beauty supplies 
262.26 
03112/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Apple - Sue new computer 
2,546.54 
03112/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Flowers 
97.99 
03112/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Food - Sue March statement 
2,687.25 
03112/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Equinox and JlVamukti 
370.99 
03112/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
HG 
95.23 
03112/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
City MD - Medical 
125.00 
03112/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Movies 
44.44 
0311212015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Pharmacy supplies 
172.27 
0311212015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Gervaise Gerstner MD - Skin doctor 
440.00 
0311212015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Warren Tdcomi - SPA 
288.42 
0311212015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
FF - Sue hair 
344.01 
03112/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
An supplies and office supplies 
288.79 
03112/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
taxi - Sue march statement 
1,500.41 
03123/2015 
EFT 
The New School Op... 
Sue tuition Spring 2015 
22,215.00 
04123/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Books 
152.26 
04123/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Cleaners -April statement 
427.95 
04123/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
food - April statement 
1,084.90 
04123/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
GYM 
193.00 
04123/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
'tunes - April statement 
105.86 
04123/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Medical - Shield medical 
275.00 
04123/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Adobe System - software for Sue 
261.17 
04123/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Amazon. UtrechlAn supplies - April ... 
290.35 
04123/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Taxi - April statement 
850.76 
04123/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
clothes --
37.50 
05114/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Amazon, misc 
601.09 
05114/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
art supplies 
28.13 
05114/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
doctor S Yale 
750.00 
05114/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Flowers 
47.87 
05114/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Fekkai - hair 
376.67 
05114/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
(tunes 
42.90 
05114/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
nails 
104.00 
05114/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Gym and yoga 
224.00 
05114/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
cleaners 
336.70 
05114/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
food 
2,035.59 
05114/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
pharmacy 
378.48 
Page 1 
EFTA00591807
--- PAGE 2 ---
9:35 AM 
10/03/17 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
January through December 201 5 
Date 
Num 
Name 
Memo 
Amount 
05/14/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
taxi 
758.66 
06117/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Elhav W. - doctor 
2,100.00 
06117/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
cleaners 
703.70 
06117/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Flowers for Sue 
217.75 
06117/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Food for Julia/Suer= 
473.70 
06117/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Food for Sue june statement 
1,167.12 
06117/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
GYM 
318.18 
06117/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
online tutorial for School 
37.50 
06117/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Kites of the Harbor - Julia and Sue tr... 
130.32 
06117/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Polo - Sue clothes 
109.30 
06117/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
supplies 
83.82 
06117/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
movies 
8.99 
06117/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
nails 
12.60 
06117/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Julia and Sue parking 
53.74 
06117/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Pharmacy supplies for Sue 
505.20 
06117/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
School of visual 
750.00 
06117/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
AutoDesk software 
250.41 
06117/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Taxis 
781.39 
07/15/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Bloomingdales- Beauty supplies 
172.02 
07/15/2015 
= 
American Express 3... 
Hertz car rental for Julia. Sue, Juggl... 
358.14 
07/15/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
cleaners 
403.95 
07/1512015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
clothes 
302.47 
07/1512015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
food 
3,635.41 
07/1512015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
GYM 
198.00 
07/1512015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Medical 
568.00 
07/15/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
pharmacy supplies 
399.75 
07/15/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Taxi 
758.84 
07/15/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Best Buy - new TV for Sue, old TV ... 
2.177.49 
07/15/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Elhavwe - medical doctor Sue 
1,400.00 
07115/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Apple. Amazon. Auto Desk supplies 
651.01 
07/23/2015 
EFT 
The New School Op... 
Sue Fall 2015 tuition 
22.706.00 
08111/2015 
Thomas J. Magnanl ... 
Sue 
1,130.00 
08118/2015 
Julia 
American Express 3... 
flowers for Sue 
136.09 
08121/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Bloomingdales - beauty supplies 
341.16 
08121/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Books 
33.04 
08121/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Cleanere6 
454.40 
08121/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Clothes - Bameys, Polo 
1,200.05 
08121/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Apple. Best Buy 
241.62 
08121/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Food - August statement 
3,149.49 
08121/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
GYM 
481.08 
08121/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Hair 
288.42 
08121/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
HG 
402.89 
08121/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
itunes 
18.89 
08121/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
massage 
75.00 
08121/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Medical -psychologist, pharmacy 
2,940.05 
08121/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
nails 
67.60 
08121/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
pharmacy 
196.93 
08121/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Subscriptions.. 
230.66 
08121/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Taxi - August 2015 statement 
1,254.60 
09/24/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
hg, rill= 
2,582.54 
09/24/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Cleaners 
326.86 
09/24/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
clothes credit 
-284.42 
09/24/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
entertainment 
247.44 
09/24/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
flowers 
420.30 
09/24/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
food 
3,635.39 
09/24/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
GYM 
198.00 
09/24/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
HG 
292.99 
09/24/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
museum 
36.00 
09/24/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
nails 
30.10 
09/24/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
pharmacy 
278.81 
09/24/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Office supplies 
56.60 
09/24/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
taxi 
852.84 
10/20/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
clothes 
2,097.96 
10/20/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
food 
1,778.15 
10/20/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
GYM 
198.00 
10/20/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
massage 
75.00 
10/20/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
radical 
2,160.00 
10/20/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
netflix 
8.99 
Page 2 
EFTA00591808
--- PAGE 3 ---
9:35 AM 
10/03/17 
Accrual Basis 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
January through December 2015 
Date 
Num 
Name 
10/20/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
10/20/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
10./20/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
11/25/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
11/25/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
11/25/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
11/25/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
11/25/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
11/25/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
11/25/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
11/25/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
11/25/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
11/25/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
11/25/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
11/25/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
11/25/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
11/25/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
11/25/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
11/25/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
11/25/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
12/16/2015 
EFT 
The New School Op... 
12/21/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
12/21/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
12/21/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
12/21/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
12/21/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
12/21/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
12/21/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
12/21/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
12/21/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
12/21/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
12/21/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
12/21/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
12/21/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
12/21/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
12/21/2015 
Sue 
American Express 3... 
Memo 
Amount 
pharmacy 
45.32 
hg misc supplies 
919.54 
taxi 
1,081.77 
hg misc ?? 
831.04 
beauty supplies 
13.98 
cleaners Newtop. hallak. Js 
535.50 
clothes Bameys 
130.65 
digital walet 
128.75 
flowers 
27.22 
food Nov statement 
2,107.73 
GYM 
198.00 
'tunes 
43.93 
massage 
75.00 
medical 
1,750.00 
museums 
150.51 
nails 
33.50 
netftix 
8.99 
pharmacy 
235.80 
rig 
615.41 
taxi Nov 2015 statement 
1,087.66 
Sue Spring 2016 tuition (750 financ... 
23,294.00 
books 
179.52 
cleaning 
47.03 
computer programs 
47.50 
flight baggage charges 
803.10 
Food Dec 2015 statement 
1,549.62 
Guggenheim 
68.60 
Halloween 
64.04 
Staples inc 
96.59 
manicure 
84.00 
Pacific Premier Group - 3 charges a... 
6,281.30 
flowers 
21.50 
Netflix 
8.99 
stationary 
205.96 
Taxi Dec 2015 statement 
1,550.34 
hg Sue 
531.71 
Total 50099 • Sue 
169,216.02 
Total 50080 • Gifts 
169,216.02 
Total 50000 • General 
169,216.02
TOTAL 
169,2102 
Page 3 
EFTA00591809

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591810.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591810.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00591810

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591811.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591811.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00591811

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591812.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
A Insured Aircraft Title Service Inc. 
T 
BANK: 
CREDIT: 
S 
P.O. Box 19527 .Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73144 • 
FAX 
WIRE INSTRUCTIONS FOR USD PAYMENTS TO 
INSURED AIRCRAFT TITLE SERVICE, INC. 
AT 
BANK OF AMERICA, OKLAHOMA CITY: 
BANK OF AMERICA 
OK 1 -100-02-08 
211 N. ROBINSON 
OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73102-7109 
USA 
ABA: 0260 0959 3 
INSURED AIRCRAFT TITLE SERVICE, INC 
4848 S.W. 36th STREET 
OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73179 
USA 
ACCOUNT NO.: 0028 6358 5210 
REFERENCE: 
(AIRCRAFT SERIAL NO. &/OR REGISTRATION) 
FUNDS HELD IN ESCROW ARE NON-INTEREST BEARING 
ESCROW FEES MUST BE PAID AT CLOSING 
ESCROW DEPOSITS RECEIVED ARE CONSIDERED REFUNDABLE TO THE DEPOSITOR 
UNTIL WE ARE NOTIVIED OTHERWISE BY THE DEPOSITOR OR UNTIL WE ARE IN 
RECEIPT OF A PURCHASE AGREEMENT THAT HAS BEEN EXECUTIED BY BOTH 
PURCHASER AND SELLER OUTLINING THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FUNDS 
HELD IN ESCROW 
A MINIMUM $150.00 FEE WILL BE ASSESSED FOR UNSUCCESSFULLY CLOSED 
ESCROWS 
EFTA00591812

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591813.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591813.pdf
----------------------------------------
FRIENDS VENTURES LLC 
Basis
 CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
I 
value 
r purchase 
price + sates 
JP
tax 
Friends 
Value of LDB 
LDB % Ownership 
Ownership 
Interest in Entity 
Interest 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss on 
100% of Work 
50%1 
12.500,0001 
SCHW ITT ERS. KURT pa-Was?-Bild 
24,500.0001 
25,000.0001 
500.0001 
EFTA00591813

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591814.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591814.pdf
----------------------------------------
JOINTLY OWNED 
Title 
Owner 
Artist 
Joint 
Joint 
Basis 
11.300,000 
40,000,000 
50.00% 
20,000,000 
28,700,000 
1.350,000 
3.500,000 
50.00% 
1.750,000 
2,150.000 
19.000,000 
50.000,000 
50.00% 
25.000,000 
31,000,000 
31,650,000 
93,500,000 
46,750,000 
61,850,000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
price + sales 
tax 
LDB % 
Ownership 
Interest 
Value of LDB 
Ownership 
Interest 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
on 100% of 
Work 
BECKMANN. MAX 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Self-portrait with horn 
Stehendes Madchen, Karyatide 
Beliner Strassenszene 
Joint 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
EFTA00591814

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591815.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591815.pdf
----------------------------------------
NOEL CALB LLC 
Owner 
Artist 
e
I 
Title 
Basis 
IrRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
price + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Noel Calb 
BAULE MASK 
Ivory Coast 
1,575,000 
1,500,000 
(75,000) 
Noel Calb 
COROT. JEAN-BAPTISTE- 
CAMILLE 
Portrait of Mlle. Jeanne Farochon 
1,000,000 
1,500,000 
500,000 
Noel Calb 
COROT. JEAN-BAPTISTE- 
CAMILLE 
Rome, La Vasque de la Villa Medici (La Vasque de 
'Academie de France) 
550,000 
600,000 
50,000 
Noel Calb 
DAUMIER, HONORE 
Apres ('audience 
1,200,000 
1,200,000 
Noel Calb 
DAUMIER, HONORE 
La Defense 
325,000 
350,000 
25,000 
Noel Calb 
DEGAS, EDGAR 
Femme au bain 
2,000,000 
1,000,000 
(1,000,000) 
Noel Calb 
DELACROIX, EUGENE 
Mariee juive a Tanger 
1,100,000 
1,500,000 
400,000 
Noel Calb 
DENIS. MAURICE 
Jeunes filles cueillant des tleurs devant la mer 
570.000 
850.000 
280.000 
Noel Calb 
DORER, ALBRECHT 
Adam and Eve 
1,200,000 
750,000 
(450,000) 
Noel Calb 
DORER, ALBRECHT 
Knight. Death and the Devil 
600.000 
800,000 
200,000 
Noel Calb 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Melancolia I 
800.000 
900,000 
100,000 
Noel Calb 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Saint Eustace 
1,100.000 
1.200,000 
100.000 
Noel Calb 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Saint Jerome in his Study 
1.000.000 
1.000,000 
Noel Calb 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Four Horsemen from: The Apocalypse 
375.000 
600,000 
225.000 
Noel Calb 
FRAGONARD, JEAN- 
HONORE 
Paysage au double escalier 
650.000 
1,000,000 
350,000 
Noel Calb 
GAUGUIN, PAUL 
Autoportrait 
5,000.000 
1.750,000 
(3.250.000) 
Noel Calb 
GROSZ. GEORGE 
L'uomo nuovo 
1,400.000 
1,500,000 
100,000 
Noel Calb 
INGRES, JEAN-AUGUSTE- 
DOMINIQUE 
Portrait presume de Gioachino Rossini 
770,000 
800,000 
30,000 
Noel Calb 
INGRES, JEAN-AUGUSTE- 
DOMINIQUE 
Portrait de Monseigneur Gabriel Cortois de Pressigny 
180,000 
500,000 
320,000 
Noel Calb 
KELLY, ELLSWORTH 
Diagonal with Curve XVI 
1,670,000 
1,750,000 
80,000 
Noel Calb 
KIEFER, ANSELM 
Isis on the Way 
1,625,000 
1,000,000 
(625,000) 
Noel Calb 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG Wettertannen 
1,400,000 
1,500,000 
100,000 
Noel Calb 
KLEE, PAUL 
Chinesische II 
1,300.000 
1.000,000 
(300,000) 
Noel Calb 
KLEE, PAUL 
Exotische Flusslandschaft 
1,300.000 
1,000,000 
(300.000), 
(125,000) 
60,000 
Noel Calb 
KLEE, PAUL 
Frauenportrait in Rot (Bertha) 
1,375.000 
1,250,000 
Noel Calb 
KLEE, PAUL 
Gegensatze Abends (Blau and Orange) 
1,440.000 
1,500,000 
Page 1 
EFTA00591815
--- PAGE 2 ---
NOEL CALB LLC 
I 
Title 
ile 
Basis 
' CHIRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
price + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Owner 
Artist 
Noel Calb 
KLEE, PAUL 
Tief-Ebene 
1,900,000 
2,000,000 
100,000 
Noel Calb 
KLEE, PAUL 
Die Schlange 
1,000,000 
1,250,000 
250,000 
Noel Calb 
LIOTARD, JEAN-ETIENNE 
Portrait de Jacques de Chapeaurouge 
800,000 
1,000,000 
200,000 
Noel Calb 
MARDEN, BRICE 
Long Letter 1 
1,000,000 
1,500,000 
500,000 
Noel Calb 
MATISSE, HENRI 
Autoportrait. 1900-05 (3XJGY) 
270.000 
150,000 
(120,000) 
Noel Calb 
MATISSE, HENRI 
La Danse 
430.000 
400,000 
(30,000) 
Noel Calb 
MATISSE, HENRI 
Auto•ortrait. 1944 3XJH3 
270,000 
500,000 
230,000 
Noel Calb 
MATISSE, HENRI 
Jeune fille a la mantille (Etude pour l'espagnole aux fleurs) 
415,000 
650,000 
235,000 
Noel Calb 
NOGUCHI, ISAMU 
Personnage III (Ningen 3) 
2,000,000 
1,500,000 
(500,000) 
Noel Calb 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Etude de personnages (Etude pour 'Composition: les 
Paysans') 
1,300,000 
1,250,000 
(50,000) 
Noel Calb 
PURYEAR, MARTIN 
Untitled (work on floor) 
1,500,000 
1,250,000 
(250,000) 
Noel Calb 
RICKEY, GEORGE 
Two Lines Up Excentric - Twelve Feet 
760,000 
500,000 
(260,000) 
Noel Calb 
RICKEY, GEORGE 
Triple L Excentric Gyratory Gyratory 
700.000 
500,000 
(200.000) 
Noel Calb 
ROTHKO. MARK 
Black, White, Blue 
5,400.000 
4.000,000 
(1.400.000) 
Noel Calb 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Olson 
540.000 
700,000 
160.000 
Noel Calb 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Conrad 
540.000 
1.000.000 
460.000 
Noel Calb 
SEURAT, GEORGES 
Cavalier sur une route 
1.575.000 
1.250,000 
(325.000) 
Noel Calb 
TOULOUSE-LAUTREC, 
HENRI DE 
Au bal de ('opera 
11,000.000 
10,000,000 
(1.000,000) 
62,905,000 
57,700,000 
(5,205,000) 
Page 2 
EFTA00591816

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591817.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591817.pdf
----------------------------------------
PENT HOLDINGS INC. 
.i6 CHRISTIE'S 
5:11:16 
appraised value 
or purchase 
Unrealized 
Basis 
price + sales tax 
Gain Loss 
Pent Holdings 
TURNER. JOSEPH WILLIAM 
ii.i1ALLORD 
Seascape: Folkestone 
15,000,000 
80,000,000 
65,000,000 
EFTA00591817

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591818.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591818.pdf
----------------------------------------
Preliminary Budget for Dining Room & Painting of 
Various Rooms, Revision One 
PROJECT: 
Dining Room at Townhouse 
LOCATION: 
East 71st Street, New York, NY 
2016.10.24 
DESIGNER: Alberto Pinto Interior Design 
ARCHITECT: N/A 
TRADE SUMMARY BREAKDOWN 
GENERAL REQUIREMENTS 
$101.925 
SITE WORK 
$8,690 
CONCRETE 
NIC 
MASONRY 
NIC 
METALS 
$9,160 
WOOD AND PLASTIC 
$214.600 
THERMAL AND MOISTURE PROTECTION 
NIC 
DOORS & WINDOWS 
$26.200 
FINISHES 
$316.230 
SPECIALTIES 
$24.730 
EQUIPMENT 
NIC 
FURNISHINGS 
$7,470 
SPECIAL CONSTRUCTION 
NOT USED 
CONVEYING SYSTEMS 
NOT USED 
MECHANICAL 
$600 
ELECTRICAL 
$33.660 
SUBTOTAL 
$743.265 
OVERHEAD & PROFIT 
$104.057 
INSURANCE 
$21.180 
TOTAL BID PRICE 
$868,502 
KEY 
F/I 
Furnish and Install 
I/O 
Install Only 
RIO 
Remove Only 
F/O 
Furnish Only 
D/F 
Design and Furnish 
NIC 
Not In Contract 
TBD 
To Be Determined (NIC) 
FBO 
Furnished By Owner (NIC) 
ALT 
Alternate (Add/Deduct) (NIC) 
Allowance 
"' 
Note 
DOCUMENTS 
Refer to the list of the bidding documents 
in the bottom of proposal 
1/14 
EFTA00591818
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00591819
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00591820
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00591821
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00591822
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00591823
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00591824
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00591825
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00591826
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00591827
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00591828
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00591829
--- PAGE 13 ---
EFTA00591830
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00591831

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591832.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591832.pdf
----------------------------------------
Atoms, LLC 
Current Date: 
Total Return since 14/12: 
T12M Return: 
190 Day Return: 
130 Day Return: 
Current Long Exposure @ Cost 
C urrent S hort Exposure @ Cost 
Net Exposure: 
Starling Capital: 
Current NAV: 
5/30/2014 
89.17% 
37.34% 
1.12% 
1.78% 
5,754,375 
(425,809 
5,328,566 
1,000,000 
1,891,702 
5/30/2014 
Change on Day: 
0.34% 
NIS C I World Change I 
Day 
0.11% 
No of Positions 
(+MTM) on Day 
264 
No of Positions WTI 
on Day 
146 
Current No. of 
Positions: 
436 
Current Leverage 
(Gross Exposures): 
3.27 
Profit Factor: 
Win Ratio: 
T24M (+) NAV Days 
T24M Avg. Daily NAV (+) Change 
T24M Avg. Daily NAV (.) Change 
Target Vol.AdJ. R isk Listed Equities 
Target Vol•AdJ. R isk Global Macro 
Targeted Max Loss (ex•Leverage) 
Leverage Target At Inception: 
Notes on Leverage: 
724M Sharpe Ratio: 
S harpe Since 1/1/12: 
H istmica I S ha rpe & Notes: 
Historically 2.25X • 3.25X, depending on measurement interval 
40% • 50% historically 
53% 
0.99% 
-0.91% 
50.00% 
50.00% 
10.00% 
2X 
We implement leverage of 2X, in other words at inception we ups ize our positions by 
factor two time greater than our volatility adjusted position sizing. Leverage levels ca 
customized to eac h investor. 
1.19 
1.29 
Historical sharpe ratio is in excess of 2.0X (backtest from 1995, see Investor Present,: 
Our sharpe ratio increases materially during market downturns In excess of 20 days o 
realized volatility. Since we generate positive returns in these environments, the varia 
our downside volatility is materially less than broader markets. R ecesslons, which ger 
result in market directionality in excess of 20 days of volatility are significant alpha car 
opportunities for us. Additionally, by never dollar cost averaging and concurrently add 
our winners we have an inherent assymetry in our volatility profile. 
2,000,000.00 
1.800.000.00 
1.600.000.00 
1.400.000.00 
1.200.000.00 
1.000.000.00 
800,000.00 
60000000 
—S eries 1 
eee 
ft. 
eeeeeeeeeee 
41. 
ev  
c. 
c. 
4' 4 
A\ 
_0. 
4' s, 
4' 4 At' 4 
N, 4 4' 
EFTA00591832
--- PAGE 2 ---
Atoms, LLC 
5/30/2014 
Sacuft 
Notional 
% of Total. Notional 
Security 
PATM G aln % Total NAV 
Positions 
21.00% 
Positions 
25.72% 
DIS CA US Equity 
(6,841) 
0.11% 
MDY US Equity 
5,184 
0.27% 
DUK US Equity 
(6,884) 
0.11% 
BETSY CREDIT 
5,474 
0.29% 
TGT US Equity 
(8,574) 
0.14% 
AZN US Equity 
5,538 
0.29% 
IBOV Index 
(8,977) 
0.15% 
AZN LN Equity 
5,630 
0.30% 
CO1 Comdty 
(9,568) 
0.15% 
XLF US Equity 
5,870 
0.31% 
XAG Curncy 
(15,640) 
0.25% 
NVS US Equity 
5,913 
0.31% 
S PG S C ITR Index 
(15,645) 
0.25% 
1N.1 US Equity 
5,938 
0.31% 
INDEXCF Index 
(21,271) 
0.34% 
HON US Equity 
6,218 
0.33% 
XAU Comdty 
(25,211) 
0.41% 
AE X Index 
6,230 
0.33% 
JP_TSY CREDIT 
(32,078) 
0.52% 
UTX US Equity 
6,337 
0.34% 
SHCOMP Index 
(34,398) 
0.56% 
ROG VX Equity 
6,604 
0.35% 
SE_TSY CREDIT 
(44,333) 
0.72% 
XLI US Equity 
6,699 
0.35% 
BE_TSY CREDIT 
79,771 
1.29% 
ACA FP Equity 
6,919 
0.37% 
AU_TSY CREDIT 
81,398 
1.32% 
FTSEMIB Index 
6,979 
0.37% 
AT_TSY CREDIT 
81,569 
1.32% 
DAI GR Equity 
7,380 
0.39% 
FR_TSY CREDIT 
82,246 
1.33% 
NOVN VX Equity 
7,471 
0.39% 
NL_TSY CREDIT 
82,865 
1.34% 
SXXP Index 
7,497 
0.40% 
DE_TSY CREDIT 
84,524 
1.37% 
SXSE Index 
7,757 
0.41% 
FI_TSY CREDIT 
85,645 
1.39% 
SX6P Index 
7,866 
0.42% 
MX_TSY CREDIT 
87,928 
1.42% 
S MI Index 
7,985 
0.42% 
GB_TSY CREDIT 
89,647 
1.45% 
MAERSKB DC Equity 
8,223 
0.43% 
US_TSY CREDIT 
100,443 
1.63% 
MDT US Equity 
8,505 
0.45% 
MY_TSY CREDIT 
103,107 
1.67% 
BE L20 Index 
8,523 
0.45% 
CA_TSY CREDIT 
109,559 
1.77% 
TMO US Equity 
8,578 
0.45% 
PRU LN Equity 
8,653 
0.46% 
IT_TSY CREDIT 
8,882 
0.47% 
HEX Index 
9,264 
0.49% 
MMM US Equity 
10,007 
0.53% 
NAV Impact of MT M by Category & E xposure 
DAX Index 
10,206 
0.54% 
Listed Equity Long 
0.200% 
SXAP Index 
10,716 
0.57% 
Listed Equity Short 
0.020% 
IBEX Index 
10,916 
0.58% 
E quityC om Long 
0.042% 
S XOP Index 
10,955 
0.58% 
E quityC om Short 
0.046% 
ES_TSY CREDIT 
11,200 
0.59% 
G2O Rates Long 
0.058% 
KFX Index 
11,483 
0.61% 
G2O Rates Short 
0.019% 
TYC US Equity 
11,946 
0.63% 
NDX Index 
11,947 
0.63% 
T12M Contribution to Yr/IVIC I1BT/F 2 9 Tf020428tiALP Apad Apa• A%0WPR 
R PCAPO'A%alaDa f ik4th AP PAPA 
EFTA00591833
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00591834
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00591835
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00591836
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00591837
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00591838
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00591839
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00591840
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00591841
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00591842
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00591843
--- PAGE 13 ---
EFTA00591844
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00591845
--- PAGE 15 ---
EFTA00591846
--- PAGE 16 ---
EFTA00591847

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591848.pdf
----------------------------------------
4041 
international jet 
i
T
E
R 
i
O
R
S 
2221 SIAITIITOWN AVENUE. LONG ISLAND MACARTHUR AIRPORT. RONKONKOIAA. NEW YORK 11779 
www.inillet.com 
May 12, 2017 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Plan D, LLC 
6100 Red Hood Quarters B3 
St Thomas USVI 00802 
Proposal ER017007R4 
Gulfstream 550, 
Serial No. 5173, 
Registration No. N415LM 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Thank you for the opportunity to present our revised proposal to refurbish your Gulfstream 550. 
We pride ourselves on being a distinctive, custom refurbishment center that provides one-on-one 
attention as we produce couture-like craftsmanship for each project we execute. 
We pro-actively communicate with our clients and deliver an extraordinary experience. 
Please review this proposal to ensure that we have identified all the items you would like to have included 
in your work scope. 
We look forward to being of service to you by providing extraordinary personal service and quality 
workmanship at an exceptional value. 
If you have any questions regarding this proposal, please do not hesitate to call me. 
Sincerely, 
Eric H. Roth 
President 
EHR/du 
EFTA00591848
--- PAGE 2 ---
Floor Plan 
Financial Summary: 
$ 303,794 
Proposal (includes $9,000 hangar / ramp cost) 
$ 
16,760 
Option 1 - Metal Plating 
$ 
27,610 
Option 2 — Cabin Chair Footrests 
MATERIAL ALLOWANCES: 
Material Allowances 
Materials included in this proposal are based on the following allowances: 
$ 18.00 
$ 18 00 
$135.00 
$ 88.00 
$ 88.00 
$300.00 
$ 45.00 
$ 18.00 
per square foot 
per square foot 
per linear yard 
per linear yard 
per linear yard 
per square yard 
per square foot 
per square foot 
Leather (cabin seats, potty's. crew trim) 
Suede Leather (divans) 
Fabric (window line. lower side panels, bulkheads) 
Fabric (headliner) 
Grospoint (baggage and closets) 
Carpet (floor covering) 
Wood Veneer 
Solid Surface (Cohan or equal) 
EFTA00591849
--- PAGE 3 ---
COCKPIT AREA 
208 
Crew Seats $11,230 
The crew seats will be stripped of existing materials. The seats will be function-checked for proper 
operation. The customer will be notified of any additional costs required to repair or replace broken 
parts for approval. All exposed areas of the seat frames will be prepped and painted to color 
coordinate. The cushions, arm rests and related sections will be upholstered with customer-
approved material on the bottom and back cushions. The existing seat and shoulder harness 
assemblies will receive new color-coordinating webbing using the existing hardware. 
211 
Crew Privacy Curtain $2,022 
The crew privacy curtain will be replaced. Fabricate one (1) curtain with customer-approved 
material. The curtain will be retained through use of rare earth magnets and an embedded metal 
strip in the curtain to keep the curtain tight against the bulkhead. 
209 
Control Column Boots $1,460 
Fabricate and install new control column boots in leather to color coordinate. 
225 
Floor Covering (Cockpit) $4,419 
A 100% wool custom carpet will be fitted, cut and installed for the cockpit floor. All unfinished edges 
will be serged as required or aesthetically pleasing. The rudder heel plates will be cleaned and 
brushed or polished. 
ENTRYWAY AREA 
314 
Forward Lavatory Potty Seat & Shroud $2,533 
The forward lavatory potty seat and surround(s) will be stripped and upholstered with customer-
approved leather. 
320 
Jump Seat $8,425 
The pull out jump seat will be stripped of existing materials. The seat will be function-checked for 
proper operation. The customer will be notified of any additional costs required to repair or replace 
broken parts for approval. All exposed areas of the seat frame will be prepped and painted to color 
coordinate. The cushions, arm rests and related sections will be upholstered with customer-
approved material. The existing seat and shoulder harness assemblies will receive new color-
coordinated webbing using the existing hardware. 
325 
Floor Covering (Entryway) $1,272 
A 100% wool custom carpet will be fitted, cut and installed for the entry floor. One (1) entry area 
throw mat will be cut. serged and provided. 
MAIN CABIN AREA 
409 
Lower Side Panels $14,730 
The main cabin area lower side panels will be stripped and laminated with 0.12T foam as required. 
The panels will be covered in customer-approved material. 
417 
Aft Cabin Curtain $2,580 
The aft cabin will be replaced. Fabricate one (1) curtain with customer-approved material. The 
curtain will be retained through use of rare earth magnets and an embedded metal strip in the 
curtain to keep the curtain tight against the bulkhead. 
420 
Cabin Single Seats $91,580 
The six (6) 16g cabin single chairs will be stripped of existing materials. The chair frames will be 
cleaned and exposed areas will be prepped and painted to match the dress cover material. 
EFTA00591850
--- PAGE 4 ---
Cushions will be fabricated with multiple density DAX foam to coordinate with the upholstery design. 
The cushions, arm rests and related parts will be upholstered in customer-approved leather. The 
existing seat belts will receive new color-coordinated webbing using the existing hardware. Seats 
will be fire blocked as per Item 803 of this proposal. The two (2) aft cabin chairs will be styled 
differently than the forward four cabin chairs. 
Note: 
Cabin seats will be removed and functionally tested for proper operation, and the 
customer notified of any discrepancies identified and options for repairs. 
422 
Divan(s) 43,190 
The two (2) mid cabin 16g divan(s) will be stripped of existing materials. Cushions will be fabricated 
with multiple density DAX foam to coordinate with the upholstery design. The cushions, center arm 
rests (if any), and related parts, will be upholstered in customer-approved suede. The existing seat 
and shoulder harness belts will receive new color-coordinated webbing using the existing hardware. 
Seating will be fire blocked as per Item 803 of this proposal. 
423 
Divan End Arm Cabinets $4,392 
New, taller fwd and aft divan end arm rest pads will be fabricated and upholstered in the same 
suede as the divan. 
424 
Credenza $ 2,560 
Fabricate one (1) new padded leather credenza cover to replace existing. 
425 
Floor Covering (Main Cabin) $27,923 
A 100% wool custom carpet will be fitted, cut and installed throughout the main cabin to include 
seat bases and side heat ducts. All unfinished edges will be serged as required or aesthetically 
pleasing. One (1) set of throw mats for the main cabin seating areas will be cut, serged and 
provided. 
GALLEY AREA 
502 
Aft R/H Galley $2,870 
Replace the see through plexiglass doors in the upper hutch with new composite door sliders 
laminated in wood veneer. Finish wood veneer in a high build finish. 
503 
Aft Uhl Galley $2,320 
Replace the see through plexiglass doors in the upper hutch with new composite door sliders 
laminated in wood veneer. Finish wood veneer in a high build finish. 
525 
Floor Covering (Galley) $636 
A decorative vinyl flooring (TBD) will be fitted, cut and installed in the aft galley area. 
AFT LAVATORY AREA 
606 
Aft Lavatory Potty Seat & Shroud $2,980 
The aft lavatory potty seat and surround(s) will be stripped and upholstered with customer-
approved leather. 
625 
Floor Covering (Aft Lavatory) $848 
A 100% wool custom carpet will be fitted, cut and installed in the aft lavatory. All unfinished edges 
will be serged as required or aesthetically pleasing. 
EFTA00591851
--- PAGE 5 ---
MISCELLANEOUS 
801 
Incoming Inspection / Remove Interior $5,490 
Prior to any work being performed on the aircraft after its arrival, the interior will be evaluated as it 
relates to the Work Scope. Cabin lighting. cabinetry, seating, and other interior furnishings will be 
function-checked prior to removal of the interior. All items of damage or any discrepancies-
including flight squawks reported by the flight crew, will be listed and a plan of action determined. 
All interior furnishings and components will be removed as required to facilitate the Work Scope. 
802 
Install Interior / Detail Interior $7,610 
All equipment and/or furnishings included in this Work Scope that have been removed, refurbished, 
fabricated new, and / or procured for this aircraft will be installed. 
803 
Fire Blocking $41,960 
The belted aircraft cushions will be 'fire blocked" to comply with F.A.R. 25.853 (c) Appendix F, 
Part II. FAA conformity and burn test procedures will be performed. An approved FAA Form 
8110-3 certifying compliance will be provided. Price includes two (2) dress cover materials for the 
seats and one (1) dress cover material for the divan. 
804 
Composite Burn Certification $5,044 
All materials as required will be tested to comply with F.A.R. 25.853 (a) Amdt. 25-116 Appendix F 
Part I (a) (1) (ii). FAA conformity and burn test procedures will be performed. Provide approved 
FAA Form(s) 8110-3 certifying compliance. 
808 
Placards $0 
Affected areas of the aircraft interior will be placarded in accordance with applicable Federal 
Aviation Regulations. All placards unless specified otherwise will be self-adhesive type and in the 
English language. 
829 
Engineering / Certification $1,700 
Modifications to the aircraft, including newly designed and installed interior furnishings will all be 
engineered to meet the appropriate Federal Aviation Regulations. This work will be approved by a 
Designated Engineering Representative(s) of the F.A.A. and approved on FAA Form 8110-3 and 
FAA Form 337. 
836 
Exterior Paint $5,020 
Customer will be contracting with a 3'd party for exterior paint. IJI will ballast and ready the aircraft 
for flight to the paint facility. 
Total Cost for these Items....$ 303,794 
Authorized Acceptance: 
for 
Plan D, LLC 
Date 
EFTA00591852
--- PAGE 6 ---
OPTION 1 
809 
Metal Plating 
Exposed metal surfaces for the cabin area seating will be removed, disassembled as required, 
metal plated (satin / polished nickel or equal) reassembled and reinstalled. Plated parts will 
include, but are not limited to, seat hardware and seat belt hardware. Cockpit, aft baggage 
compartment hardware and CMS switch panels are not included. 
*Note: The existing Cabin Management System / switch panels are not included and will be priced 
separately after an inventory of pieces, part numbers and manufacturer have been completely identified. 
Additional cost for this Option....$ 16,760 ' (does not Include CMS) 
Authorized Acceptance: 
for 
Plan D, LLC 
Date 
OPTION 2 
420 
Cabin Single Seats 
The #2 R/H and #2 UH 16g chairs will be modified to incorporate recliner footrests in accordance 
with manufacturers Service Bulletin for 16g certification. 
-2- Base Assemblies 
-2- Base Shrouds 
-2- Seat Frame Shroud Assemblies 
-2- Legrest Assemblies 
-2- Swivel Stops 
-2- Spring Assemblies (Arms to be reworked) 
-2 Recline Levers 
-1- Service Bulletin 
Additional cost for this Option....$ 27,610 
Authorized Acceptance: 
for 
Plan D, LLC 
Date 
1000 SCHEDULE 
1001 
Schedule 
The schedule is dependent upon elected work scope and lead time to procure materials, 
commence burn certification and required engineering to complete the work scope. Estimated 
down time is ten (10) weeks (May 19th — July 30th 2017.) 
EFTA00591853
--- PAGE 7 ---
PROPOSAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
101 
Work Scope 
These specifications are for the anticipated work to be performed in the refurbishment as outlined 
within. The quoted price(s) include all known basic items to enable the specified installations to 
perform their intended function based on this specification. 
102 
Change Orders 
If Customer requests changes to the work scope as outlined herein or discrepancy repair conditions 
are found, Customer will be provided with a Change Order or such other pricing summary as 
International Jet Interiors may deem appropriate. The Change Order / similar will state the change 
or addition to the scope of work and will inform Customer of the impact this change has to price 
and the estimated delivery date. The Change Order(s) will reference and amend this Proposal. 
Customer will be required to sign the Change Order(s) before the work scope change or additional 
work will begin. Any delay in Customer signing the Change Order / similar may result in a minimum 
of one (1) additional day added to the estimated delivery date for each day the Change Order 
remains unsigned and unreturned to International Jet Interiors. 
103 
Incoming Evaluation 
Prior to any work being performed on the aircraft after its arrival, the interior will be evaluated as it 
relates to the Work Scope. Cabin lighting, cabinetry, seating and other interior furnishings will be 
function checked prior to removal of the interior. All items of damage or any discrepancies, including 
flight squawks reported by the flight crew, will be listed and a plan of action determined. 
104 
Correction of Discrepancies 
This Proposal does not include repairs to the Aircraft resulting from discrepancies in the Aircraft 
discovered during the performance of the agreed Work Scope. Correction of discrepancies 
pursuant to this provision will be preceded in writing by an International Jet Interiors Change Order, 
submitted for Customer approval with an estimate of cost and time delay in delivery, if any. 
107 
Representation / Access 
The customer's representatives will have access to the premises during regular working hours in 
order to inspect the aircraft, check the results of the work performed. and investigate the progress 
of the work. 
108 
Documentation / Federal Aviation Administration Acceptance 
All installations will be made in accordance with specifications stated herein and will be FAA 
approved by FAA Form 337 or other form of Federal Aviation Administration approval in compliance 
with applicable FAA regulations. It is the intent of International Jet Interiors to approve modifications 
utilizing FAA Form 337 unless otherwise stated and this work has been quoted predicated upon 
this assumption. If a 337 approval is unacceptable to the FAA, an STC may be required. The 
additional cost and downtime for certification effort required to generate an STC is not included in 
this proposal and will be quoted separately subject to Customer approval. 
The following documentation will be supplied by International Jet Interiors upon delivery of the 
aircraft where applicable to installations and modifications performed: 
a. FAA Form 337 covering work accomplished on the aircraft. 
b. A copy of the certification of all fabrics and materials that state that they meet the applicable 
Federal Aviation Administration requirements. 
109 
Test Flight(s) 
International Jet Interiors will provide all necessary personnel to perform in flight inspections if 
elected by the customer. The customer will be responsible for all fuel, pilots, oil, and related 
EFTA00591854
--- PAGE 8 ---
operating expenses to perform test flights. The test flight(s) will be limited to those necessary to 
evaluate the installations and modifications made by International Jet Interiors. 
110 
Refurbishment: General 
a. All interior finish items will be selected for durability and ease of maintenance with weight a 
primary consideration. The interior layout and arrangement, color schemes, and finish material 
selections will be in accordance with the customer approved sample(s) / presentation(s). 
Engineering and the choice of construction materials and fabrication techniques will be the 
responsibility of International Jet Interiors and will be in accordance with the accepted and 
current aircraft procedures and practices. 
b. All fabrics and materials not inherently flame resistant will be treated with a fireproofing 
protection process in accordance with applicable FAA specifications. International Jet Interiors 
will be responsible for flammability testing and certification of materials. 
c. My existing wiring or tubing made obsolete by the Work Scope will be capped and stowed. 
Wiring or tubing removal, if requested by the Customer, will be at an additional charge. 
d. Removed equipment that is not to be reinstalled as part of this contract will become the property 
of International Jet Interiors unless stated otherwise. 
e. International Jet Interiors reserves the right to photograph and/or take video of the interior and 
exterior of the aircraft for general marketing purposes. International Jet Interiors is authorized 
to copyright, use and publish the photographs and / or video in print and / or electronically and 
will make commercially reasonable efforts to not name the owner(s) and if applicable, lessor(s), 
and or lessee(s) or show any identifying information. 
f. International Jet Interiors shall have the right to subcontract any portion of the work scope. 
g. This Proposal has been prepared based on customer furnished information, equipment, 
furnishings and avionics equipment list(s). It may be subject to change pending review of 
aircraft specific information including wiring diagrams, avionics software and inspection of 
aircraft and interior configuration. This proposal does not include any additional costs which 
may be incurred from service bulletin /mod status upgrades or repairs to units sent out for 
modification to return them to serviceability as discovered on incoming bench check. 
h. Unless specifically outlined in this Proposal, pricing does not include relocation of existing 
equipment such as antennas, controls etc. to accommodate new components and will be 
quoted separately subject to Customer approval. 
i. 
This Proposal is contingent upon the Customer supplying, within lead times or upon induction, 
all avionic, electrical, system, interior or structural drawings, diagrams, analysis and records, 
which accurately represent the current condition of the aircraft, as approved by the relevant 
aviation authority, and which are required by International Jet Interiors, Inc. to conduct the work 
scope. If any of the above pertinent data is not available in a timely manner, I.J.I. will re-create 
the missing information as required to support the Work Scope on a time and material charge 
basis to the Customer. Please note that the aircraft schedule and/or downtime may also be 
adversely affected by lack of this data. 
j. The Customer is responsible for all specific preservation tasks related to the Aircraft, its engines 
or systems that are required or may become required while the Aircraft is at International Jet 
Interiors facility for the elected work scope. 
k. This Proposal is contingent on all work being accomplished during a single, coordinated 
maintenance visit. 
106 
Statement of Warranty 
Upon delivery and acceptance of the refurbished aircraft, International Jet Interiors warrants its 
goods and services supplied to be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal 
use for a period of 1,500 aircraft flying hours or three (3) years, whichever occurs first. 
No Warranty applies to Services related to the refinishing of existing woodwork where the veneer 
is not replaced; previous coating integrity cannot be ensured and is therefore not warrantable. 
EFTA00591855
--- PAGE 9 ---
International Jet Interiors warrants that the services performed hereunder will comply with 
applicable FAA regulations in effect as of the date the work is performed (as interpreted by the FAA 
office having jurisdiction over the facility at which the work is performed), and will be free from 
defects in workmanship and material. The warranty on all new and used components shall be 
limited to the warranty provided by the supplying manufacturer or vendor, if any. This warranty 
does not apply to (i) normal wear and tear, (ii) the consequences of accidents, negligence, abuse 
or misuse, or of repair, removal, reinstallation or alteration other than by International Jet Interiors 
and. (iii) to Customer furnished parts or equipment or to work which, at Customer's direction, was 
not performed in accordance with International Jet Interiors standard operating procedures. The 
sole and exclusive remedy of customer, and International Jet Interiors' sole exclusive 
liability, with respect to this warranty is limited to repair or replacement (at International Jet 
Interiors option) of the nonconforming or defective work or component. Such repair or 
replacement shall be performed at International Jet Interiors facility and customer shall be 
responsible for all transportation costs. THE FOREGOING WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF, AND THE 
CUSTOMER HEREBY WAVES, ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE. 
In no event shall International Jet Interiors be liable for any special, incidental, consequential and/or 
punitive damages, including, without limitation, loss of profits, loss of goodwill, loss of use, loss of 
time, diminution of value, or inconvenience, even if informed of the possibility of such damages. In 
the event International Jet Interiors physically damages Customer's property, Customer's sole and 
exclusive remedy, and International Jet Interiors' sole and exclusive liability, is limited to the repair 
or replacement (at International Jet Interiors' option) of the damaged portion of the property. 
International Jet Interiors will use reasonable efforts to complete the Work Scope in a timely 
manner. Any completion or promised date is merely an estimated completion date and is not 
guaranteed. International Jet Interiors will not be liable to Customer for any failure to meet its 
obligations under the Agreement or this Proposal due to any cause beyond its reasonable control, 
including, without limitation, (i) government embargoes or other governmental acts that interfere 
with International Jet Interiors' performance, (ii) any other acts or failure to act of any government, 
including delays, failure, or refusal to grant approval(s) by the FAA or other aviation authority, (iii) 
blockades, (iv) seizure or freeze of assets, (v) fires, earthquakes, floods, severe weather conditions, 
or any other acts of God, (vi) labor strikes or lockout, (vii) riots, strife, insurrection, civil 
disobedience, armed conflict, terrorism, or war (declared or not), or impending threat of any of the 
foregoing if reasonably expected to cause injury to people or property, or (viii) shortages of or 
inability to obtain materials or supplies. 
If the work performed in connection with this is to be performed at International Jet Interiors facility 
in New York, the Agreement and this Proposal shall be subject to and interpreted in accordance 
with the laws of the State of New York, irrespective of its choice of law principles. Customer agrees 
that any dispute regarding the Agreement or this Proposal shall be resolved exclusively in the either 
Federal or State court in New York and hereby consents to exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in 
New York to resolve any disputes regarding this Proposal. 
Upon entering into the Agreement, the Agreement and this Proposal and all of the terms and 
conditions set forth therein are binding on and enforceable by and against the parties, their 
successors, legal representatives, and assigns. No part of this Proposal or the Agreement shall 
be affected if any other part of it is held invalid or unenforceable. The Agreement and this Proposal 
shall constitute the sole agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the matters set forth 
in the Agreement and this Proposal, superseding any and all prior oral and written agreements or 
understandings. The Agreement and this Proposal may only be modified by a written addendum 
specifically referencing the Agreement and this Proposal which is signed by the parties. 
To secure Customer's obligations to make full payment to Company, Customer grants to Company 
a security interest in the aircraft designated on the face hereof and all other aircraft of Customer 
EFTA00591856
--- PAGE 10 ---
being repaired or reconditioned by Company, until all invoices pertaining to all such aircraft are fully 
paid. Company is hereby authorized to sign Customers name on any documents necessary to 
perfect this security interest. This security interest shall be in addition to any common law or 
statutory repairman's or similar possessory lien, and any other liens granted or permitted by the 
laws of the State of New York or the jurisdiction in which the work is performed. as applicable, each 
of which liens and rights thereunder are expressly reserved by Company. In no event shall the 
aircraft or work be delivered to or be deemed in the possession of Customer (including during any 
ground and flight acceptance test), until such time as Company has been paid all amounts due 
Company under the provisions of this Work Authorization. All of Company's rights and remedies 
shall be cumulative and in addition to all other rights and remedies provided by law and equity, 
including all rights and remedies of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code. 
111 
Proposal Acceptance Instructions 
In order to accept the proposal, client shall sign this document in the space(s) provided, including 
any elected options as outlined within and return executed document by means of electronic mail. 
Signatory attests they have full legal authority to sign this Proposal and Agreement on behalf of 
Customer and represents, warrants and affirms that he or she is an AUTHORIZED AGENT OF 
THE AIRCRAFT OWNER(S). and if applicable, lessor(s), and or lessee(s) with full authority to enter 
into this Agreement. 
112 
Payment Terms and Conditions 
a. Fifty percent (50%) non-refundable deposit of the contract total is due upon acceptance of this 
proposal. 
b. Twenty-Five percent (25%) due after five (5) weeks (estimated completion mid-point). 
c. Total balance due upon completion and acceptance of work performed by wire transferred 
funds prior to delivery of aircraft. 
d. Aircraft maintenance and refurbishment is SALES TAX EXEMPT in New York State. 
e. All funds must be in U.S. Dollars. 
f. 
The prices contained in this Proposal shall remain firm for a period of thirty (30) days. 
114 
Remittance Instructions 
Wire Transfer 
International Jet Interiors. Inc. 
Instructions: 
2221 Smithtown Avenue 
Long Island MacArthur Airport 
Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
Bank Identifiers: 
Bank 
Instructions: 
Jericho Triangle 
Jericho. New York 11753 
Account No. 9852497537 
Fedwire Routing No. (ABA) 022000046 
Note: 
Please reference one of the following (as applicable): 
• 
Invoice Number 
• 
Work Order Number 
• 
Aircraft Registration & Serial Number 
EFTA00591857
--- PAGE 11 ---
ill has been 
featured tn..• 
international jet 
EXPERIENCE 
SOMETHING 
EXTRAORDINARY 
letroin/ 
et 
/ed 
• 
E litNewNark ems 
•t• 
• 
ENT•NTAINI•I. 
mkt Ansloke.teltemore Spam 
it3.114Y4 
•-•— • e-. - ••••• • 
1HE WALL STREILKILINAL 
EFTA00591858

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591859.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591859.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN 
AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: CACE 15-000072 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and PAUL G. 
CASSELL, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant, 
PROPOSAL FOR SETTLEMENT PURSUANT TO 
RULE 1.442, FLORIDA RULES OF CIVIL PROCEDURE 
AND 4768.79, FLORIDA STATUTES 
Plaintiff, Paul G. Cassell, by and through his undersigned counsel, states that at 
least ninety (90) days have passed since service of process on this Defendant, and there are at 
least forty-five (45) days remaining before the date set for trial or the first day of the docket on 
which this case is set for trial, whichever is earlier. 
THEREFORE, Plaintiff hereby serves this proposal for settlement pursuant to Florida 
Rule of Civil Procedure 1.442 and F.S. 768.79. This proposal for settlement must be accepted in 
writing, within thirty (30) days or it shall be deemed rejected. The Proposal for Settlement is as 
follows: 
1. 
PARTY MAKING PROPOSAL: Paul G. Cassell. 
2. 
PARTY TO WHOM THE PROPOSAL IS BEING MADE: Alan M. 
Dershowitz. 
EFTA00591859

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591860.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591860.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN 
AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: CACE 15-000072 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and PAUL G. 
CASSELL, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant(s). 
NOTICE OF SERVING PROPOSAL FOR SETTLEMENT 
Plaintiff, PAUL G. CASSELL, by and through his undersigned counsel, and hereby 
provides notice that he served upon the Defendant, Alan M. Dershowitz, a Proposal for 
Settlement on this date. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this  23" day of  tS.),„ye 
 , 2015. 
Jack S 
Flo 
• 
a 
a Bar No.: 169440 
996rney E-Mail: jsx@searcylaw.com and 
Aep@searcylaw.com 
Primary E-Mail: _scarolateam@searcylaw.com 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phon 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 
EFTA00591860

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591861.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591861.pdf
----------------------------------------
Black Family Partners, L:P. 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 
WHEREAS, the undersigned, Leon D. Black, as Trustee of the APO] 
GRAT (the "Assignor") under Agreement dated October 25, 2013 (the "Agreement"), 
owns a limited partnership interest (the "Partnership Interest") in Black Family Partners, 
L.P. (the "Partnership"). 
WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.1 of the Partnership's Agreement of 
Limited Partnership dated May 17, 2007, as amended (the "Partnership Agreement"), a 
partner may assign, exchange, transfer or otherwise dispose of such partner's interest at 
any time, without the prior written consent of any other partner, provided however that 
the transferee of such interest shall become a partner and a substituted limited partner of 
the Partnership only with the written consent of Black Family GP, LLC, the general 
partner (the "General Partner") of the Partnership and upon such transferee's assumption 
of the terms and conditions of the Partnership Agreement. 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Assignor is 
required to pay to Leon D. Black (the "Assignee") the Annuity Amount (as defined in 
paragraph 3 below) as of the date hereof. 
WHEREAS, in partial satisfaction of the Annuity Amount, the Assignor 
has paid to Leon D. Black the Cash Distribution (as defined in paragraph 3 below). 
WHEREAS, the Assignor wishes to assign such portion of its Partnership 
Interest as shall equal the In-Kind Annuity Amount (as defined in paragraph 3 below) 
together with the corresponding portion of the Assignor's capital account pertaining 
thereto (the "In-Kind Annuity Interest"), to the Assignee. 
NOW THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 
1. 
The Assignor hereby irrevocably assigns to the Assignee the In-Kind 
Annuity Interest. 
2. 
The Assignee, hereby acknowledges receipt of the In-Kind Annuity 
Interest, accepts the same and agrees to be bound by all the terms and conditions of the 
Partnership Agreement, with the same force and effect as, and as if, the Assignee was 
originally a partner thereof. 
3. 
For all purposes hereunder: 
a. 
The words "Annuity Amount" shall mean an amount equal to 
56.06642% of the Funding Amount (as defined in this paragraph 3), as divided by four 
(4). 
EFTA00591861
--- PAGE 2 ---
b. 
The words "Cash Distribution" shall mean the sum of Twenty 
Million Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($20,200,000). 
c. 
The words "Funding Amount" shall mean an amount equal to the 
fair market value of a 37.75% limited partnership interest in the Partnership as of October 
25, 2013, as determined by Empire Valuation Consultants. 
d. 
The words "In-Kind Annuity Amount" shall mean an amount 
equal to the Annuity Amount reduced by the Cash Distribution. 
4. 
The Assignee is entitled to share in distributions from the Partnership in 
respect of the In-Kind Annuity Interest commencing as of the date hereof. 
5. 
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, 
without giving effect to the choice of law provisions thereof, and shall be binding upon 
the undersigned, their heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereby execute this Assignment 
and Assumption Agreement as of the 24th day of January, 2015. 
APOI GRAT, Assignor 
By: 
Leon'15. Black, Trustee 
Leon D. Black, Assignee ( 
The Manager, on behalf of Black Family GP, LLC, the General Partner of Black Family 
Partners, L.P., hereby consents to the admission of Leon D. Black as a partner of the 
Partnership and recognizes Leon D. Black as a substituted limited partner with respect to 
the In-Kind Annuity Interest as of the date of this Assignment and Assumption 
Agreement. 
Black Family GP, LLC, General Partner 
By:  
 75/
Leont. Black, Manager 
Assipment from APOI DRAT to Lean D. Black 
EFTA00591862

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591863.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591863.pdf
----------------------------------------
csnr4.0.4% 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL 
ERIC T. SCWIEJ0ENJAR 
DIVISION OF SOCIAL JUSTICE 
ATTORNEY GENERAL 
CHARITIES BUREAU 
03/I 8/20I5 
Jeffrey Epstein, President 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, Suite B7 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
Re: 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc. 
Organization ID 0: 
44-75-82 
Registrant Type: 
EXEMPT 
Filing ID. 
F201503180000101 
Dear Sir or Madam: 
We reviewed the registration material, annual filing and/or other material you submitted to the Attorney General's Charities Bureau. Based 
on our review of the material, we have determined that the above organization is exempt from registration with the Charities Bureau for the 
reasons listed below: 
Article 7-A. 
I. Does not solicit or receive charitable contributions from NYS. 
naL 
2. Does not conduct activity in NYS 
If you included a payment with your submission, you will be contacted under separate cover about the processing of a refund, which you 
should receive within 90 days. 
If, in the future, the organization's purposes and/or activities change arid it becomes subject to registration, you must contact the Charities 
Bureau immediately to notify us of the change(s) and to request a new determination of its registration status. 
If you have any questions about registration requirements, please consult the forms and instructions available on the Charities Bureau 
website. 
Very truly yours, 
Charities Bureau, Registration Section 
L.201503 D30000147 
120 Broadway, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10271.0332. Phon 
www.chontesnyscom 
OT FOR SERVICEOF PAPERS 
EFTA00591863
--- PAGE 2 ---
STATE OF NEW YORK 
OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL 
ADWAY 
NEW YORK, 
10271-0332 
CO
Co
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter 
Suite B3 
ST.Thomas, United States Virgin Islands 00802 
Ann: Jeffrey Epstein, President 
CHARITIES BUREAU 
C'OE1O2$i34S 
u.s.pcsTAGE;>FITNEyso%sv.s 
$000.48°
000.480
'4 
ZIP 10271 
1395467MAR IS 2015 
EFTA00591864

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591865.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591865.pdf
----------------------------------------
INVOICE 
INVOICE NO. 
TRADE-AIR AIRLINE SUPPORT LTD. 
J.E.G.E. INC 
INV\00148013\DP 
The Malin Centre. County Oak Way. Gatwick Airport. 
1514 PERIMETER 
ROAD 
%yew- 
ow, -o nrt tvn 
PALM BEACH INTERNATIONAL C/P 
Tel 
SUIT 105A 
ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE 
W. PALM BEACH 
TO GUIDELINES OF (FAR 
Accounts 
FL 33406 
PART 21) (CAA I.Ps 1-8) 
AND (EASA PART 145) 
U.S.A. 
AIRWORTHINESS 
ISO 9001 
RECIIITEINDPIRM 
Queries: accountsgtrade-alr.co.uk 
Your 
Order No. 
N908JE 
Delivery 
I 
Date 
/ 10/ 2012 
,Date 
Invoice 
/ 10/ 2012
KtUULA I IONS. 
Account: 1877
Quantity
Unit 
Part Number 
Description 
Serial No. 
Incoming Release Document No. 
GRN No. 
Condition 
Unit Price 
Total Price 
TO SUPPLY N908JE B727 WHILST AT ATC LASHAM 
1.00 
EACH 
11922-00-111102 
FMS 1D+ NCU 
112 
133646 
MOD 
$ 
13908.00 S 
13908.00 
12R90907 
SUPPLIED ON FLAT EXCHANGE BASIS FOR FITMENT TO YOUR B727 
A/C N908JE WHILST AT ATC LASHAM AS REQUESTED BY LES 
ROWARK 
URGENT SHIPPING CHARGES FROM ARIZONA TO MIAMI 
$ 
93.11 
' 
FEDEX CHARGES FROM MIAMI TO ATC LASHAM 
$ 
159.16 
FEDEX CHARGES FROM GATWICK TO ARIZONA 
$ 
142.33 
Ir .ail)
Memo man dawn Penedo to: TrecleAir Airline Support u. 
Exchange 
is should be returned within 30 days. 
Sub-Total 
$ 
14302.60 
REMARKS: 
SHIPPED VIA FEDEX ON ACC 1884 9428 5 ALL 
Pie: 
n. an extra charge of 10°A of the manufacturers 
CHARGES PRE—PAID VALUE FOR CUSTOMS $1121.36 
w is ale price per month or pan hereof will be 
0.00 
$ 
0.00 
to cover the non return of exchange units. 
VAT@ 
USD 
s previously agreed in writing by Trade-Air. 
TERMS 30 DAYS NET 
TOW 
$ 
14302.60 
ALL PARTS AND TRANSACTIONS ARE GOVERNED BY THE COMPANY CONDITIONS OF 
_ UPPLIED UNDER THE TERMS OF YOUR END 
MADE PAYABLE TO TRADE-AIR AIRLINE SUPPORT LTD. 
For exchange transactions please see over note 2.1 
INVOICE Nam
 \ 0014801 3 \Dp 
Your VAT No: NONE 
VAT Reg. No. GB 323 7185 65 
erns - 
ays Ne 
Page 1 
ollars 
EFTA00591865

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591866.pdf
----------------------------------------
Donations to Bard College VIA Wire Transfer 
Bard welcomes donations via wire transfer. To make a gift via wire transfer, instruct 
your brokerage or bank office to arrange for the transfer of funds electronically to Bard's 
account at JP Morgan Chase. The information is as follows: 
JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. New York 
4227 Albany Post Road 
Ilyde Park, NY 12538 
Phone: 845.229.7111 
Beneficiary: Bard College 
ABA Routing number: 021000021 
Beneficiary Account number: 301177039665 
International SWIFT Code: CEIASUS33 
Memo: (purpose of gift) 
To ensure proper crediting of your donation: 
You must email, fax or mail a copy of the instructions you send to your broker or bank 
officer, along with any special instructions regarding the purpose of the gift to Bard 
College: 
Email 
Fax: 
Bard College 
Attn: Gift Recorder 
Office of Development 
PO Box 5000 
Annandale-on-Hudson, NY 12504-5000. 
Recorder, Sus 
oben Laity at 
Office of Development if you have any questions. 
or by email to 
email at 
in the 
8/8/2012 9:09 AM 
EFTA00591866

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591867.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591867.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Sat. 14 February 2015 16:44:42 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page 1 of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
AgentDetails 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing authorization is received. Please contact your 
travel office by 9:00 PM on February 21. or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Sunday 01 Mar 15 
CITIZENS OF SWITZERLAND MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF SWITZERLAND- MUST BE VALID FOR PERIOD OF INTENDED STAY 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Emirates 
EK205 
Milan. Malpensa 
New York. John F Kennedy International 
03:40 PM 
07:00 PM 
Terminal 1 
Terminal 4 
I Business Class 
8K 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 20 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 777-300Er 
Meal 
Meals 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 3 
Itkierary JHOLHV 
m
i
lO 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00591867
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Travel Details 
Wednesday 11 Mar 15 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Ilia 
Ira 
EK206 
New York. John F Kennedy International 
Milan, Malpensa 
10:20 PM 
11:15AM/12 Mar 2015 
Terminal 4 
Terminal 1 
I Business Class 
BK 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Tme 
Hrs 55 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 777-300Er 
Meal 
Meals 
Number of Slops 
Non-stop 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCUFtACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY BE SUBJECT 
TO AN INCREASE IN FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
• 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 72 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS - 
• 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
• 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centwion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Roca Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a $100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at aver amencaneyorP-s 
To book your stay, visit amerIcanexpress.corndhr or call your Travel Office. 
• WWII room categories are MN eligible for upgrade: cal Centurion Travel Service for details 
** Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wvnv.allianzcorn. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includiv. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
Page 2 of 3 
Ittieraty JHOLHV 
AMERIcAN 
OCPRE SS 
EFTA00591868
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your tnp regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation Important Stine ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit http:llmyamextravel.corn:static.,condtions for more information 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in you' luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit rittp:PenvwJaaciov/aboutiinitiativesitiazm at sale:y,. 
• Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbocking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations, accidents a 
failures of equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the pubbc internel. telecommunications lines or facilites. or third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
• Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you n finding travel suppliers and maths arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppbers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
cedar. suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements. ricluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are sutiect to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppbers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to toward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A daim must include sufficient documentation to prove your dem 
and a $35 processng fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: www.tcrenfo.org. 
VVASHIN_GI_Qti: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thily (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser un!ess the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product andior date. 
REvADA; 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of travel services or a 
vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To Wan information relating to your nghts under the Recovery 
Fund and the fling of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Find. you may contact the Consumer Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at 
the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue. Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104. Phone: 
Far 
e-mail: 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Nietzke Lane. Building B. Suite 113. Reno. Nevada 89502. Phone: 
California CSTS1022318, Washington UBI/I600-469-694, Iowa TAII002. Nevada NVAI2001-0126. 
Fax: 
. e-mail: 
Page 3 of 3 
Itinerary JHOLHV 
Z
ER 
;AN
ExP
EFTA00591869

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591870.pdf
----------------------------------------
VIRGIN ISLANDS PORT AUTHORITY 
Post Office Box 301707 
ST. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00803-1707 
Tel: (340)774-1629 Fax (340) 774-0025 
MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING 
Airport Operations Area Access 
PURPOSE 
This Memorandum of Understanding serves as an understanding between the Virgin Islands Port 
Authority, P.O. Box 301707, Charlotte Amalie, St Thomas, VI 00803-1707 and Thomas World Air LLC, 
hereinafter referred to as the Tenant. 
1. 
The intended purpose of this understanding is to establish clear procedures and guidelines 
for 
access to the Airport Operations Area (AOA) from any gate or door in the Cyril E. King Airport 
Terminal and from any location with access points to the Airport Operations Area (AOA) through 
Terminal Gates, Terminal Doors, and other Vehicle access points. 
2. 
This MOU includes methods for preventing the entry of unauthorized persons and ground vehicles 
onto the AOA, and establishes clear accountability for payment and settlement of any 
Fees, 
Penalties or other monetary Fines or disciplinary actions levied against the Tenant or 
Employee of the Tenant who fail to comply with the Airport Security Plan and 49 CFR 1542. 
3. 
All persons who are authorized to access the AOA, or are required to monitor the access of 
persons entering the AOA through designated access points at their Leased premises or through 
authorized Terminal Gates, will be responsible for any Fees, Penalties or other Monetary Fines, 
levied against them by the VIPA and the TSA, whenever there is a breach or security violation at 
that location. 
4. 
The Virgin Islands Port Authority will not incur any monetary fees, penalties or fines that are 
levied against any Airport Tenant, Airport FBO, Airport Employee or other Unauthorized persons 
who gain entry from a Passenger Gate, Fixed Base Operator(FBO) Access Gate, or other area 
that is under the control of the Airport Tenant, Airline or Fixed Base Operator (FBO). 
It is further understood that the Tenant (Airline or Fixed Based Operator) will implement and maintain the 
following Security Measures in accordance with the Cyril E. King Airport Security Plan (ASP) as required 
under 49 CFR 1542: 
The Tenant (Airline or FBO) is delegated the authority to control access through Gate(s) and/or Door(s) 
numbered or lettered or otherwise described as TA-2, TP-3, during such times that the Gate(s) and or 
Door(s) are being utilized by the Airline or Tenant in accordance with this Memorandum of Understanding 
for the purpose of authorized persons gaining entry or access to the Airport Operations Areas (AOA). 
EFTA00591870
--- PAGE 2 ---
MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING 
Page 2 
APPLICABILITY: 
It is understood that the Tenant (Airline or FBO) will implement and maintain the following security 
measures detailed below: 
1. 
Said Gate(s) or Door(s) shall only be utilized by the Airline or Tenant and shall monitor and 
control access through the Gate(s) or Door(s) 
2. 
At all times while using the Gate(s) or Door(s), the Airline or Tenant shall monitor and control 
access through the Gate(s) or Door(s). 
3. 
While using the Gate(s) or Door(s), the Airline or Tenant shall not allow any other person access 
through the Gate(s) or Door(s) unless the person is an employee or a contracted passenger of 
the Carrier or Tenant who is duly authorized to enter the AOA. No other persons shall be given 
entry through the Gate(s) unless that person displays a V.I. Port Authority Identification Badge 
and has been cleared by the Safety and Security Office. 
4. 
If, while the Gate(s) or Door(s) are under the control of the Airline or Tenant, an unauthorized 
person gains entry through the Gate(s) or Door(s), the Airport Manager's Office and the VIPA 
Police Office shall be notified immediately. 
5. 
Any penalties, fines, or other monetary or disciplinary actions shall be assessed against the 
Employee of the Airline or Tenant who incurred the infraction and the Employer. The Virgin 
Islands Port Authority will not be responsible for, and will be held harmless, from any penalties 
or fines assessed against the Tenant or the Employee as a result of a Security Breach or any 
violation of 49 CFR 1542. 
6. 
During the hours of daylight, designated access points will be locked or manned by personnel 
assigned by the Airline or Tenant. During the hours of night-time, designated access points will 
be locked and secured by the Airline or Tenant. And during the periods that the Airline or Tenant 
are closed, the access points will remain locked. 
7. 
All persons who obtain a VIPA Security Identification Badge will be advised of personnel access 
to all areas of the airport, including Terminal Areas, Restricted Areas, Airport Operations Areas 
and USCBP Zones. The employees of the Airline or Tenant will be indoctrinated on specific 
security responsibilities and procedures, as well as all TSA mandates and USCBP regulations in 
the Security Identification Display Area (SIDA) class. 
8. 
Tenant personnel will immediately notify the Airport Manager or his designee and the VIPA 
Police each time a suspicious action on the Airport Operations Area (AOA) is observed or 
whenever they have a question regarding activities on the Airport Operations Area (AOA). 
EFTA00591871
--- PAGE 3 ---
MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING 
PAGE 3 
9. 
Whenever an Airline or Tenant is unable to comply with all of the stipulations in this 
Memorandum of Understanding (MOU), the Airline or Tenant will immediately notify the 
Airport Manager and the VIPA Police, who will take immediate corrective action to establish the 
required Security levels at the Airport. 
10. 
Airline Employees or Tenants will challenge all persons recognized as unauthorized or not 
properly displaying the proper Airport SIDA Identification Badge in the required Challenge 
Procedure and will immediately notify the Airport Manager and VIPA Police of the infraction. 
It is further understood that THOMAS WORLD AIR LLC, hereinafter referred to as the Tenant, will 
hold the Virgin Islands Port Authority harmless, for the payment or settlement of any Fees, Penalties, 
or other Monetary Fines levied against the Tenant or Employee of the Tenant, for any infraction caused 
by a violation of any VIPA Rules and Regulations, Policies, Airport Security Plan or FAA or TSA Mandates 
related to Access to Airport Operations Areas (AOA) as outlined in 49 CFR 1542. 
Acknowledged and Signed by: 
A2A 
Airport Manager or Designee 
Date 
Airline/Tenant Representative 
Date 
EFTA00591872

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591873.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591873.pdf
----------------------------------------
POLIO PAKISTAN 
BACKGROUND BRIEFS FOR BMGF SECURITY AND ACCESS 
STRATEGY SESSION: PAKISTAN 
1. Drivers of insecurity and conflict 
NB: Because of the sensitive nature of 
the 
subject matter, 
information 
denoted with an asterisk (*) is 
confidential and can be elaborated 
upon in oral briefings with Pl. 
Pakistan was close to 
complete polio eradication 
when a combination of 
external 
circumstances 
(conflict, terrorism, US 
drones 
and 
anti-US 
sentiment, 
killing 
of 
Osama 
bin 
Laden 
& 
preceding fake vaccination 
campaign, 
a 
Taliban-
imposed anti-polio drops 
ban, and attacks on health workers) 
as well as management issues 
(relating to massive corruption, 
accountability, misreporting, too 
exclusive a focus on polio eradication 
to the detriment of other routine 
immunizations, poor infrastructure, 
Army operations) created again a 
continuing increase in the number 
polio cases, mainly in the tribal and 
adjacent areas. 
Key groups involved in the nexus of 
insecurity and conflict differ in the 
four provinces, and there is no 
monolithic Pakistan Taliban entity. 
The Tehreek Taliban Pakistan are a 
grouping of major Taliban and allied 
groups, with over 40 sub- and 
splinter groups. Some are purely 
criminal 
structures, 
others 
are 
IRAN 
AF OHANISTAN 
LNKA. 
ols4nEsi 
&TIORINNADRStAN 
AMIT,WN 
KANO/FM 
14LVAI4) 
Own OIA l
oapaCia 
SALCONTIAAI 
PAKISTAN 
INDIA 
traditional clan-based allies, whose 
services are used by many, as 
required.* The 
mainly Pashtun 
Taliban have links not only with 
different Taliban and other groups in 
Afghanistan, but also with non-
Pashtun allies, both from other 
Pakistani provinces especially the 
Punjab, as well as with many foreign 
groups such as those from the Arab 
world, Central Asia, Caucasus, and 
Europe. There is evidence of the 
involvement of external state actors 
as well.* 
CONFIDENTIAL- DO NOT CIRCULATE 
IPI 
INTERNATIONAL 
PEACE 
INSTITUTE 
HIGHLIGHTS 
• The unstable security situation 
along the Af/Pak border makes 
access difficult. 
• Despite the hostile environment, 
experience shows that local leaders 
can be convinced not to block polio 
eradication efforts. 
• Obstructing 
polio 
eradication 
efforts is often used as leverage for 
achieving other objectives. 
• A high profile for polio eradication 
in a region that has so many other 
problems makes it a target for anti-
Western/anti-government attacks. 
• Post-election 
developments 
in 
Afghanistan will have an impact on 
stability in the border regions with 
Pakistan, and therefore on polio 
eradication. 
EFTA00591873
--- PAGE 2 ---
POLIO PAKISTAN 
The demands and grievances of the 
key domestic groups vary, although 
they invariably use the rhetoric of 
Islam, sharia and jihad. In practice, 
however, they are characterized by a 
clear pragmatism. After ploughing 
through the obligatory rhetoric, the 
bottom 
line 
is 
about 
justice, 
corruption, jobs, basic services and 
infrastructure. 
The 
appointment 
of 
Maulana 
Fazlullah of Swat to head the Pak 
Taliban, 
a 
departure from all 
previous such appointments, should 
not be over-emphasized in relation 
to polio. In his Swat years, he had set 
up many illegal radio channels and 
broadcast 
fiery jihad 
sermons, 
earning 
the 
nickname 
"Mullah 
Radio? 
However, the post 9/11 
history of Pakistan Army-Taliban 
deals 
show 
that 
these 
have 
invariably been violated by the 
former. * 
The polio eradication ban was 
imposed in June 2011 by a Taliban 
group closely allied to the Pakistan 
Government, i.e. by the "good 
Taliban". Extensive field research by 
IPI shows that the ban and parental 
refusal have both less to do with 
Islam, and more with holding the 
authorities 
hostage 
to 
their 
demands, 
including 
electricity, 
roads, stoppage of drone attacks, 
and a spectrum of health services 
beyond anti-polio drops. There is 
little difficulty in delivering the anti-
polio drops as part of routine 
vaccinations 
— the high profile 
accorded to polio often becomes 
counter-productive. 
Sometimes 
remote hamlets are bypassed using 
parental refusal as an excuse. 
It cannot be baldly stated that the 
ban "holds in Waziristan" — but 
mainly in those areas of North 
Waziristan 
Agency 
where 
the 
Taliban hold power, or where there is 
no security; in South Waziristan 
Agency, the difficulty is only in 
Taliban-controlled 
pockets. 
In 
October/November 
2013, 
a 
madrassa close to the Taliban issued 
a fatwa stating that all vaccinations 
were fully compliant with Islam. The 
Taliban have not taken issue or 
pronounced themselves on this 
fatwa, a positive sign. 
Parental 
refusals have also been recently 
recorded in provinces far outside the 
Taliban sphere of influence. 
AFGHANISTAN 
Miran Shah C Mir AMC 
NORTH WAZIRISTAN 
:TRArmak 
malomnG 
CtAcIno .Sasivora 
Am 
°Sham 
SOUTH WAZIRISTAN 
WonaC 
Jandaall 
TANK 
HANGB 
BANNU 
LAKKI MARWAT 
DERA ISMNL KHAN 
Nalb-Wen 
Frontier Province 
ri Palm* 
"""AdWITRAWOlid 
Mb& Ann 
taking place between the main 
Taliban grouping and a committee 
composed of members nominated 
by both the Govemment and the 
Taliban. This is a rocky path and 
many interruptions can be expected. 
The current suicide operations and 
attacks on health staff are being 
carried out by splinter Taliban and 
allied groups who (i) are not part of 
the mainstream Taliban, (ii) have 
little to gain and nothing to lose by a 
successful 
outcome, 
and (iii) are sabotaging 
the talks. 
KOHAT 
PAKISTAN 
INDIA 
Trends 
By mid-2013, as a result of efforts, 
including by IPI, there was a 
noticeable softening in the Taliban 
position, although the ban was not 
officially lifted.* However, in the 
second half of 2013, the situation 
was worsened by the following 
factors: 
the 
newly-elected 
Government still has not in any 
concrete 
manner 
pushed 
polio 
eradication; 
corruption 
has 
continued; and a number of Taliban 
leaders, 
including 
the 
head 
Hakimullah Mehsud, were droned to 
death, which led to a new cycle of 
Taliban suicide and other attacks 
against 
the 
Army 
and 
Army 
operations against the Taliban. 
Consultations and negotiations are 
CONFIDENTIAL- DO NOT CIRCULATE 
Impact 
When attacks on health 
workers are analyzed, it 
emerges that about a 
quarter 
are 
directly 
related to the polio 
eradication campaign. 
The majority are a mix 
of 
attacks 
on 
the 
security 
and 
other 
militias accompanying 
health 
workers 
(a 
declared target of the 
Taliban), retaliation for unrelated 
issues, selection of health workers 
(hence wages) based on exclusion of 
many groups and sub-tribes; and 
some attacks are related to property 
issues. 
EFTA00591874
--- PAGE 3 ---
POLIO PAKISTAN 
Prospects for 2014 & 2015 
Even if the current negotiations 
eventually bring positive outcomes, 
there is no guarantee that all the 
sub- and splinter groups will fall in 
line. If the talks fail, will the Pakistan 
Army undertake targeted or broader 
operations in the North Waziristan 
Agency? This, too, depends on what 
happens 
across the border in 
Afghanistan and whether the post-
election Kabul regime will be 
considered friendly to Pakistan or 
not. * 
All the militant and allied groups in 
the tribal belt are also waiting to see 
developments in Afghanistan as of 
mid-zoM onwards. There will be 
continued pockets of insecurity on 
the Pakistan side of the tribal belt, 
exacerbated by an inflow of Afghan 
Pashtun refugees from the provinces 
bordering Pakistan — all these factors 
will have a negative effect on the 
very geographic areas where access 
is a problem. 
There 
are 
reports 
that 
the 
Government is preparing for a worst-
case scenario with 3 million Afghans 
fleeing into Pakistan over the 
summer. 
CONFIDENTIAL- DO NOT CIRCULATE 
Recommendations 
• First and foremost, while BMGF is a 
very high-profile donor and seen as 
a 
perpetual 
benefactor 
(jobs, 
funds) the Foundation should 
refrain from taking any kind of 
high-profile role in security-related 
issues. It should obviously continue 
its financial support and discreet 
pressure 
on 
the 
civilian 
Government, but not in a manner 
which reaches the media and 
irritates not only the Taliban but all 
who 
have 
issues 
with 
"the 
Americans".* 
• BMGF should encourage, in fact 
insist, that the Pakistan national 
authorities pay equal attention to 
all routine immunizations, and not 
simply to polio — this is a huge 
irritant 
among 
recipient 
communities which see diseases 
which kill being ignored in favor of 
one which "merely cripples" . 
• In particular, BMGF should insist on 
better 
accountability 
and 
transparency in the use of the 
massive donor funding for polio 
eradication. * 
EFTA00591875

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591876.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591876.pdf
----------------------------------------
TFP WEEKENDS 
Sleight of Mind 
Why We All Need a Daily Dose of Brain 
Magic 
Website: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/keith-barry/ted-talk-hypnosis b 3728458.html 
Once, when my youngest child was still in kindergarten, I stumbled onto the scene of a disaster. 
The ship was sinking and drowning passengers were flung far and wide, except for the lucky few 
who had made it into the laundry basket. Oops, I mean the life boat. 
"How the heck do you expect me to make lunches today, if you use up my sandwich bags?" I 
demanded. 
My son Aidan looked up from the couch where he was conducting emergency rescue operations 
with all 28 of his stuffed animals. "But Mom, this is the Titanic!" he said. 'The passengers need 
those bags to breathe!" 
I looked again. Sure enough, some of the smaller animals had been stuffed into sandwich bags 
on the wide blue carpet, or rather, on the wide blue sea. The bags were life preservers, complete 
with oxygen. 
The first lesson of parenthood is that imagination can be a messy business. The second lesson --
and the most important one -- is that your imagination can create a kind of brain magic that is 
the essential ingredient for happiness. 
I was reminded of this recently when I watched the joyful Irish illusionist Keith Barry conduct a 
TEDTalk where he creatively deceives us into thinking he can perform feats like drive a car at 
top speed while blindfolded, shatter a coke bottle with a shard of glass and a dash of negative 
energy, and accurately predict where a spike was hidden beneath a series of paper cups. Barry is 
brilliant at convincing us that such things are possible, despite the fact that he admits right up 
front that "magic is all about directing attention." 
Why do we let him manipulate our minds so easily? Because we want to be deceived. Each of us 
desperately hopes, in some dark secret corner of our hearts, that there really is such a thing as 
second sight or voodoo magic. This isn't only because we love to be entertained, but because we 
long to be transported into other worlds. Worlds, perhaps, where we don't have bills to pay, 
nagging spouses, job deadlines, or whining children. Worlds where we are heroic and miracles 
happen. 
Page I 1 of 2 
EFTA00591876
--- PAGE 2 ---
The thing is, we all have the power to make our own brain magic. I do this every day as a 
novelist, sitting for hours at a time and making up stories, letting my mind roam free and getting 
myself in that weird zone where my characters take over. I might not be driving a speeding car 
blindfolded, but I effectively have "second sight" and see through somebody else's eyes just like 
Barry, as my characters read to situations on the page -- situations I throw at them, mind you --
in ways I wouldn't necessarily read myself. 
I know many people who are lucky enough to unleash their brain magic in various ways. My 
husband, a software engineer who works on tall red robots, spends his days imagining these 
robots working alongside humans. He has literally stepped into the world he once inhabited by 
reading science fiction writers like Heinlein and Asimov as a kid. My brother, a ballroom dancer, 
transports himself every Friday night by donning a white shirt and red sash for his tango 
lessons, unleashing his own brain magic to transform himself from being a new dad and mild 
university employee into a macho bullfighter or lusty Spanish lover. One of my good friends 
transports herself -- and her audience -- playing roles as varied as schoolgirls and Greek 
goddesses on stage. 
Those of us who have children can see how this brain magic develops. Young kids think they're 
invisible when they dose their eyes and firmly believe in the tooth fairy. They imagine 
themselves as pony princesses, flowers, and eagles despite the relentless monotony of 
schoolwork and endless commands from adults to "grow up" or "stop acting silly." If we're lucky, 
we -- and our children -- hang onto our brain magic anyway, through creative jobs or artistic 
outlets, or through loving other people who allow us to unleash our inner illusionists. 
In my favorite summer movie this year, Before Midnight, Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy play a 
couple in a relationship that has hit a rocky stretch. Yet, even in the throes of an argument over 
seemingly insoluble issues, the characters are able to use a little brain magic to role play and 
transport themselves quite literally into another scene -- one with a much happier ending. I 
could feel everyone in the audience around me willing them to make it, just as we cheer Barry on 
as he performs his magic, hoping he really can take those corners blindfolded. 
When we're able to hang onto our brain magic, we can effectively thwart our own feelings of 
failure and unhappiness by revising our own narratives. Instead of mourning the marriage that 
fell apart or the real estate deal that soured, we're able to redirect our minds toward the positive 
lessons learned from bad decisions, failures, rejections, and even grief. We can blissfully imagine 
ourselves not in laundry baskets of soiled socks and T-shirts, but in life rafts floating among 
magical talking animals, as in Life of Pi. 
Instead of falling victim to our sinking egos or sorrowful memories, with brain magic we are able 
to see ourselves as heroes ready to risk it all for love or laugh in the face of danger. We know on 
a profound level that, as humans, we are flawed creatures, yet we still have faith in ourselves, 
love for one another, and a passion for whatever adventures our brilliant imaginations can 
conjure, no matter how messy they might be. 
Page I 2 of 2 
EFTA00591877

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591878.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591878.pdf
----------------------------------------
WEEKENDS 
The Neuroscientific Answer to 
'How Did He Do That?' 
By: Katja Brow 
Keith Barry, skilled magician that he is, doesn't give away his tricks but he does give the 
audience a clue when he says "magic is all about directing attention." 
How did he do that? 
Neuroscientists have long known that attention plays a key role in perception, and yet, we still 
don't fully understand the details of how attention works and what neural mechanisms are 
involved. Only a small fraction of the information that comes in through our eyes is actually 
perceived by our conscious brains. Attention is the filter that directs what is most salient in our 
environment to our conscious awareness. Almost all magic tricks somehow take advantage of 
loopholes in attention. For instance, a key strategy for magicians taps into something which 
cognitive neuroscientists call "inattentional or perceptual blindness", our inability to notice an 
object or feature in a visual scene because attention is directed elsewhere. You have experienced 
this phenomenon yourself. Your brain is constantly bombarded with stimuli, and it is impossible 
to pay attention to them all. While your attention is focused on one thing -- neuroscientists call 
this the "attentional spotlight"-- your ability to perceive objects outside this focus area is 
compromised. Indeed, if we could record the activity of the neurons in your brain that track to 
the visual scene, the neural responses for those areas outside the attentional spotlight would be 
dampened. The magician takes advantage of this phenomenon. By distracting your attention 
with sly hand movements, lively banter, humor, or skillful shifts of gaze, he can move your 
"attentional spotlight," while manipulating the action elsewhere, all without your knowing it and 
indeed while you think you are paying close attention! 
EFTA00591878
--- PAGE 2 ---
So, there you have it -- the neuroscientific answer to "how did he do that?" But, the fact that 
there is a logical, brain-based explanation behind the magician's tricks is not so surprising. The 
more interesting question is, if neuroscience can explain magic, can magic teach us anything 
about neuroscience? 
At least some cognitive neuroscientists think so. For instance, cognitive neuroscientists Susanna 
Martinez-Conde and Stephen Macknik study visual perception and awareness in their labs but 
they've also developed a side venture in "neuromagic." (Check out their very cool book, Sleights 
of Mind: What the Neuroscience of Magic Reveals about our Everyday Deceptions.). 
Neuroscientists interested in visual perception have had a long standing interest in visual 
illusions and how they can "trick the mind," and we've learned a lot about how the mind 
translates an external visual scene into conscious perception by studying illusions. Martinez-
Conde and Macknik make a case for similarly using magic as a tool to study cognition more 
broadly and perhaps even as an inroad to consciousness. A key goal for neuroscience is to 
understand the circuits and the neural mechanisms that mediate cognition. We still know 
relatively little about the details of the circuits and detailed mechanisms that underlie cognitive 
processes like attention and memory (and we know less about how these processes go awry in 
disorders of the mind). Collaborating with magicians like Penn and Teller to learn from them 
how the mind can be tricked and even learning to be magicians themselves, Martinez-Conde and 
Macknik then take some of these tricks back to the lab to study their neural underpinnings. 
Why are some memories more labile and others more sticky? Attention may also play a role 
here. 
-- Katja Brose 
Magic shows us how easily the mind can be fooled but it isn't just visual perception and 
attention that the magician plays with, but also memory and decision making. Many magic 
tricks also take advantage of the ability of the mind to be readily distracted with false 
information. In thinking about Keith Barry's show and wondering "how did he do that" you will 
try to jog your memory, to remember where you got distracted and missed something, but, in 
actuality, because Barry skillfully used these same attentional sleights of mind to manipulate 
your memory systems, you will only be able to remember what he tricked you into seeing. Your 
brain is not like a computer that records and stores away every input. Memory is selective and 
also honed by attention. It's also well known that the memory is particularly malleable and the 
phenomenon of false memories is increasingly being viewed as a significant cognitive 
phenomenon with ramifications for all sorts of life events, big and small, from misplacing the 
keys to your car even when you are sure you knew where you put them to the high level of 
unreliability of expert witness testimonies. Why are some memories more labile and others 
more sticky? Attention may also play a role here. 
Attention also intersects with how we make choices and decisions. For instance, the last trick of 
the show, with the cups and spikes, shows that decision making and even the perception of 
personal choice can also be manipulated. Berry again and again prodded the participant that it 
was his decision which cup to choose, but was it really his choice? Of course, the fact that 
decisions can be manipulated and that attentional mechanisms contribute should not be a huge 
EFTA00591879
--- PAGE 3 ---
surprise -- we see this every day in advertising and media strategies that are designed to distract 
our rational decision-making minds. 
By understanding the neural mechanisms for cognitive processes, like attention, memory and 
decision making and how they can be tricked, we can learn a lot how our brains work. We may 
also gain insights into conditions where the brain isn't working the way it should or situations 
where the brain even "tricks" itself, for instance, in neuropsychiatric disorders like 
schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, autism, anxiety/PTSD. By understanding how perception and 
cognition go awry in these disorders, with any luck, we may even someday be able to correct 
some of these conditions. 
As a final thought, one might ask whether knowing how the trick is done takes away some of the 
magic and the awe that comes with suspension of disbelief. Is magic less magical because we can 
explain it with neuroscience? I would argue not. In science we see this time and time again -- it 
is those "ah-ha" moments of understanding and insight, the times when we finally figure out 
how something really works, that are truly magical. 
Ideas are not set in stone. When exposed to thoughtful people, they morph and adapt into their most potent form. 
TEDWeekends will highlight some of today's most intriguing ideas and allow them to develop in real time through 
your voice! Tweet *TEDWeekends to share your perspntive or email tedweekends@huffingtonpost.com to learn 
about future weekend's ideas to contribute as a writer. 
*IN** 
EFTA00591880

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591881.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591881.pdf
----------------------------------------
Keith Barry 
Keith Patrick Barry (born 25 October 1976) is an Irish Mentalist, Hypnotist, 
Magician and Activist for the Elderly. 
Early life 
Born in Waterford city, Ireland, Barry's interest in magic began at the age of 14 when he 
purchased a book entitled Magic for the Complete Klutz. 
Magic 
Barry's television career began with a 
series entitled Close Encounters with 
Keith Barry, which ran from 2003-2005. 
The show originally aired in Europe and 
has since aired in 
countries 
worldwide. 
In 2004, Barry performed in an MTV 
television special entitled Brainwashed. 
2005 ended with Barry performing a live 
Christmas special in Europe. Keith Barry 
Live With Friends featured various 
celebrities such as magician 
Billy 
McComb, Jim Corr of The Corrs, and The Conway Sisters. 
Barry's success throughout Europe coupled with his MTV special led to a four year 
multi-special deal with CBS. His first special with CBS debuted on 12 May 2006 and was 
entitled Keith Barry: Extraordinary. The special later aired on New Year's Eve 2006 on 
The CW and on New Year's Day 2007 on TV3 in New Zealand and the Arena channel in 
Australia. 
In the Keith Barry: Extraordinary special, he performed various illusions and striking 
mental feats. In one trick, which he referred to as "Black Ops Hypnosis", he made a host 
from Entertainment Tonight forget that he had torn a specific page from a book and 
sealed it in an envelope in the span of roughly five minutes. In another, he made a 
blindfolded man lift his arm when he thought others stopped touching him. Barry first 
used suggestion to make the man "concentrate" and lied that he was touching the man. 
The man imagined the touch and lifted his arm, but Barry and another member of the 
audience only moved their hand afar. 
Page I 1 of 3 
EFTA00591881
--- PAGE 2 ---
Following a successful Irish tour along with a week in Dublin's Vicar Street, Barry and 
his longtime manager Eamonn Maguire were badly injured in a car crash on the Belfast 
to Newry road on 1 March 2007. Barry suffered severe trauma to his left leg and only 
returned to the stage later the same year at Vicar Street. 
Barry's TED Talk is in the top 12 Most Viewed TED Talks of all time and follows from his 
first ever live stage performance which was at TED in Monterey, California in 2004. He 
returned to TED in 2005 and was the special guest performer then on the opening night. 
On 29 December 2007, Barry performed in a live Saturday night prime-time special on 
ITV in the UK titled Keith Barry - The Escape Live. The finale of the show featured an 
escape from a shed rigged with explosives. Barry was tied to a chair with thick ropes by 
two members of the audience. One of these was Glen Gathard, noted for hoping that 
Keith Barry would not make it out of the explosion. Participants lit a fuse, started a two 
minute countdown, and carried the chair into the shed. Workmen hammered additional 
wood to cover the door and windows from the outside, then left the scene when one 
minute remained on the countdown. After the countdown was complete, the shed 
exploded, then the camera changed to reveal Keith safely on top of a gantry some 
distance away. 
Barry has performed live on The Ellen DeGeneres Show four times and The Paul 
O'Grady Show four times. 
In February 2010, Barry finished a pilot for a new series on The Discovery Channel in 
the US. The show is called Deception with Keith Barry and the pilot aired in July 2010. 
The show was picked up for a season and premiered on 31 May 2011 with 4 one hour 
shows, Black Ops, Used Car Salesman, Cops and Robbers, and Daring and Dating. The 
show premiered on 6 October 2011 in Taiwan, 1 November in Japan, 3 November on 
Quest in the UK, on 7 December in Southeast Asia and Hong Kong, 13 December in 
Australia and New Zealand and in India February 2012. 
Also in 2010 and 2011, Keith toured extensively with his live show "The Asylum" which 
finished its run in May 2011. On this tour, Keith set the record as the most successful 
solo act ever to play The Olympia Theatre in Dublin. On 13 July 2011, his "Keith Barry -
Deadly Sins" show opened to critical acclaim and a standing ovation at the Olympia 
Theatre in Dublin and ran for 5 weeks setting new box office records during the run. It 
was followed by a national tour in Jan/Feb 2012 with shows in almost every county in 
Ireland. 
In June 2012, Barry stated his disapproval of TV3's late-night anti-intellectual offering 
Psychic Readings Live and challenged one of its presenters, Psychic Wayne to prove his 
psychic powers.. 
Page 12 of 3 
EFTA00591882
--- PAGE 3 ---
Keith's hit show "The Dark Side" launched with a 31 date sold out tour in Jan/Feb 2013 
and continued with a 12 night run at the Olympia in Dublin in July 2013. On 23rd July, 
Keith took time out to give a talk at the Science Gallery in Dublin. With UK mentalist, 
Pete Turner, the two of them very effectively demonstrated the techniques of cold 
reading and explained how "psychics" can convince so many people that they can read 
minds. 
Acting 
As an actor, Barry performed in the "Open Water" episode of CSI: Miami in 2006. 
Presenting 
In 2009, Barry hosted the Irish version of Deal or No Deal on 1'V3. 
Activism against elderly abuse 
Barry's grandfather, 82, was attacked in his home in Waterford by burglars in 2009, 
later dying of his wounds. Barry and his father launched a high-profile campaign to 
stamp out abuse against the elderly in their homes, said the government was "insulting" 
the elderly and said he would "bring the country to a halt" 
Pundits referred to the 
incident in discussions of laws about the actions people can legally take to defend 
themselves in their homes. 
***** 
Page 13 of 3 
EFTA00591883

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591884.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591884.pdf
----------------------------------------
POLITICS 
U.S. Budget Deficit Down 37.6 Percent 
Through July: CBO 
WASHINGTON The government on Malay reported a $97.6 billion deficit for July but remains on 
track to post its lowest annual budget gap in five years. 
July's figure raises the deficit so far for the 2013 budget year to $607.4 billion, the government says. 
That's 37.6 percent below the $973.8 billion deficit for the first 10 months of the 2012 budget year. 
The Congressional Budget Office has forecast the annual deficit will be $670 billion when the 
budget year ends Sept. 30, far below last year's $1.09 trillion. It would mark the first year that the gap 
between spending and revenue has been below $1 trillion since 2008. 
Steady economic growth, highetaxes, lower government spending and increased dividends from 
mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have helped shrink the deficit 
EFTA00591884
--- PAGE 2 ---
Still, looming budget fights in Congress are complicating the picture. When lawmakers return from their 
recess in Sptember, they will need to increase the government's borrowing limit They will also have to 
approve a spending plan for the budget year that begins Oct 1. Republicans and Democrats remain far 
apart on both measures. 
Republicans want President Ba rack (Mato accept deeper cuts in domestic government programs and 
in expensive benefit programs such as Medicare and Social Security. Obama has argued that R epublicans 
must be willing to accept higher taxes on the higheatning Americans. 
Conservative Housitepublicans have signaled a willingness to force a partial government shutdown as 
a way of defunding O bama's universal health care law, which they oppose. 
A possible compromise would be to approve a stopgap budget to keep the government operating after 
Oct. 1 while both sides seek a permanent solution. 
Obama has vowed not to negotiate with Congress over raising the borrowing limit as he did in 2011. But 
some Republicans want to test the president's resolve even if it rattles financial markets. Investors f 
doomsday scenario in which the country would default on its debt, which it has never done. 
Through 
by, the government collected $2.29 trillion in revenue, up 13.9 percent from the same 10 
months last year. Government spending during this period totaled $2.89 trillion, down 2.9 percent from 
a year ago. That decline reflects, in part, automatic governrepetiding cuts that began taking effect 
March 1. 
Collectively, the government's deficits increase the national debt now at $16.7 trillion. 
EFTA00591885

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591886.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591886.pdf
----------------------------------------
POLITICS 
North Carolina Voter ID Bill Signed Into 
Law By Gov. Pat McCrory, Sparking 
Lawsuits 
By Luke Johnson: 8/12/13 
North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory (R) signed a bill Monday 
requiring photo identification at the polls and eliminating a 
slew of voting measures designed to protect against voter 
disenfranchisement. 
The governor, eschewing a more traditional signing 
ceremony, announced by way of a YouTube video that he 
had signed House Bill 589. 
The bill will require voters to show photo identification -- a 
driver's license, passport, veteran's ID, tribal card --
beginning in the 2016 elections. Student IDs are not an 
acceptable form of identification. The bill also reduces early 
voting by a week, eliminates same-day registration, ends pre-registration for 16-and-17 
year-olds and a student civics program, kills an annual state-sponsored voter 
registration drive and lessens the amount of public reporting required for so-called dark 
money groups, also known as 501(c)(4)s. 
The bill does provide for a "free ID" to be offered at DMVs, though the state estimates 
that between 203,351 and 318,643 voters registered in North Carolina lack ID, and that 
providing them with one would cost $834,200 in 2013 and 2014, and $24,100 every two 
years after that. 
McCrory said the bill was necessary even if there are very few reported cases of voter 
fraud. "Even if the instances of misidentified people casting votes are low, that shouldn't 
prevent us from putting this non-burdensome safeguard in place," he said in a Raleigh 
News and Observer op-ed. "Just because you haven't been robbed doesn't mean you 
shouldn't lock your doors at night or when you're away from home." 
Just hours after McCrory's signature, the ACLU of North Carolina and a coalition of 
other groups filed a lawsuit against the bill, charging that it violates the Constitution's 
Equal Protection Clause and the Voting Rights Act of 1965. The North Carolina NAACP 
and Advancement Project followed shortly after, filing another lawsuit. 
Page I loft 
EFTA00591886
--- PAGE 2 ---
The latest bill comes after the Supreme Court struck down the core of the Voting Rights 
Act, which required Southern states with a history of racial discrimination -- including 
North Carolina -- to have their laws cleared by the Department of Justice. The Justice 
Department could still try to invalidate the recent North Carolina law on the grounds 
that it deliberately discriminates against voters, a much higher standard than merely 
proving it disproportionately affects minority voters. 
The bill has the potential to reduce turnout for key Democratic constituencies --
minorities, the elderly and students -- with the slew of new requirements, even beyond 
the new measures for identification. President Barack Obama narrowly won North 
Carolina in 2008 but lost it in 2012, and in 2016, the state is likely to be a battleground. 
The legislation, passed by the Republican-controlled legislature over the objections of 
Democrats before heading to McCrory's desk, is the latest of a string of conservative 
legislation signed into law in the state. McCrory has also signed measures introducing 
new restrictions for abortion clinics (attached to a motorcycle safety bill), expanding 
concealed-carry permits to bars and restaurants, and cutting unemployment benefits. 
***** 
Page 12 of 2 
EFTA00591887

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591888.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591888.pdf
----------------------------------------
1;iSsEl POLITICS 
Paul Ryan Spending Cuts Face Backlash 
From Moderate Republicans 
By ANDREW TAYLOR: 08/12/13 
WASHINGTON -- Midway between the 2012 and 2014 election campaigns, moderate Republican 
conservatives are beginning to foment a revolt of their own — a backlash to anti-spending tea party 
shrillness as budget cuts begin to significantly shrink defense and domestic programs. 
Tea party forces may have dominated the House GOP's approach to the budget so far, but pragmatists 
in the party have served notice they won't stand idly by for indiscriminate spending cuts to politically 
popular community development grants, education programs and even Amtrak. 
Voting in the spring for the tea party budget developed by Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., who was Mitt 
Romney's vice presidential running mate last year, was one thing. But as long as a Democrat occupies 
the White House, Ryan's budget is little more than a nonbinding wish list — cutting Medicaid, Medicare 
and food stamps and slashing budgets for domestic agencies funded annually through appropriations 
bills. 
Many tenured Republicans, particularly members of the House Appropriations Committee, have viewed 
Ryan's sweeping cuts as unworkable all along. When more than $4 billion in entirely new cuts came to 
the House floor in the form of an actual bill for funding transportation and housing programs, House 
Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, confronted shaky support from less ardently conservative Republicans 
and decided to pull the $44 billion package on July 31. 
That sparked a frustrated outburst from the committee chairman, Rep. Harold Rogers, R-Ky. He called 
for abandoning the Ryan budget and starting bipartisan negotiations that would provide appropriators 
with "a realistic spending level to fund the government in a responsible — and attainable — way." 
"Attainable" is code for something that can pass the Senate and get signed by President Barack Obama. 
That's rarely a recipe for tea party fun. 
The House has passed just four of 12 appropriations bills that are all supposed to be on the president's 
desk by Sept. 30. The Senate hasn't passed any, though it also tried and failed last week to advance its 
version of a transportation-housing bill. 
The four House-passed bills largely embrace Obama's funding levels for homeland security, the 
Pentagon and veterans' programs. The House has yet to pass one with significant spending cuts in the 
mold of the Ryan budget. 
Page I 1 of 3 
EFTA00591888
--- PAGE 2 ---
"When it came time for the general (Republican) conference to affirm the Ryan budget in the form of 12 
appropriations bills, the conference balked," said Rep. Jack Kingston, R-Ga. "We need to regroup and 
say, 'OK, was your vote for the Ryan budget a serious vote or was that just some political fluke that you 
don't intend to follow up on?'" 
On the night before the transportation bill was pulled, the House restored, with little debate and a voice 
vote, some money for Community Development Block Grants that had been cut in half to $1.6 billion, 
the lowest level since the program began in 1975. 
Mayors love the flexibility of block grants. They can be used for almost anything, from sewer projects 
and revitalizing slumping downtown business districts to paying for homeless shelters and community 
health centers. Rep. Shelley Moore Capito, R-W.Va. stepped in with an amendment to add $350 million 
back. 
"This program has provided much-needed help for our senior citizens, for road repairs and our homeless 
shelters," she said. "Our local governments need this funding." 
Voices of GOP pragmatists such as Rogers and Capito had been drowned out largely since early in the 
year when Boehner scheduled a succession of votes on bills advancing Democrats' priorities and raising 
tea partyers' hackles — a $600 billion-plus tax increase on the wealthy, a Superstorm Sandy relief bill and 
a liberalized renewal of the Violence Against Women Act. 
Each of those bills passed the House in contradiction of a practice instituted by former GOP Speaker 
Dennis Hastert to only bring up bills that are supported by a majority of Republicans. Since then, 
Boehner has walked lightly and catered to the party's conservative wing when scheduling legislation. 
The most recent squabble is a prelude of what's to come in the fall. When Congress returns in 
September, it has only nine working days to figure out at what level to temporarily fund federal agencies 
beyond Sept. 30. 
The alternative is a government shutdown that only the most strident tea partyers want to use as a 
bargaining chip to "defund" Obama's health care overhaul about to go into top gear. GOP leaders like 
Boehner oppose that idea but have been unwilling to publicly condemn the effort. 
In the Senate, the GOP's pragmatic wing includes John McCain of Arizona, Lindsey Graham of South 
Carolina, Bob Corker of Tennessee and Johnny Isakson of Georgia. They've been meeting frequently with 
White House staff chief Denis McDonough and other top Obama aides seeking ways to replace deep, 
nondiscretionary automatic cuts known as sequestration with gentler, more targeted cuts. 
Graham and McCain are chiefly motivated by a desire to restore Pentagon cuts they say will cripple the 
military. Other Senate Republicans like Susan Collins of Maine are going to bat for domestic programs. 
Of course, Congress could simply keep the government on autopilot at current funding levels, continuing 
the automatic spending cuts that kicked in last March. One veteran Congress-watcher says passing it in 
the 435-member House might again require violating Hastert's practice. 
Page 12 of 3 
EFTA00591889
--- PAGE 3 ---
"What Boehner has done successfully in the past, is you have to write it to levels that actually get 
support in the Senate and get some Democrats in the House," said former Rep. Steve LaTourette, R-
Ohio. 
Some conservatives among the House's 233 Republicans may "then squeal ...," LaTourette said, "but if 
they're not going to supply the votes to get to 218 in a way that makes everybody in the (GOP) 
conference comfortable, then that's the strategy that's left to them. And I think that's probably where 
we're headed." 
Page 13 of 3 
EFTA00591890

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591891.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591891.pdf
----------------------------------------
POLITICO August 14, 2013 
America's shifting suburban 
battlegrounds 
By: Alan Berube and Elizabeth Kneebone 
America is defined by its suburbs. Since the mid-20th century — when highways, the GI 
Bill and the Federal Housing Administration opened up a new residential frontier for the 
Baby Boom generation — suburbs have served as the backdrop for the middle-class 
American dream. 
Not surprisingly, suburbs define our politics, too. While city dwellers overwhelmingly vote 
Democratic, and residents of small towns and rural areas vote for Republicans by large 
margins, suburbs are the quintessential political battlegrounds. In the 113th Congress, 
nearly half of all House districts,199 of 435, are essentially suburban — a majority of their 
populations live in the suburbs of one of the nation's 100 largest metro areas. They are 
represented almost equally by Republicans (101 districts) and Democrats (98 districts). As 
the suburbs go, so goes political control of Congress. 
But now suburbs are helping define another American phenomenon: poverty. Over the 
past decade, America's major suburbs have become home to the largest and fastest-
growing poor population in the country. Between 2000 and 2011, the number of poor 
residents in suburbia grew by almost two-thirds, or 64 percent — more than double the 
Page I 1 of 3 
EFTA00591891
--- PAGE 2 ---
pace of poverty growth in the large cities that anchor these regions. For the first time, 
more poor people in America live in suburbs than in big cities. 
A number of factors converged to drive this shift. The collapse of the housing market in 
the late 2000s pummeled many metropolitan economies across the country, particularly 
those in the Sun Belt, like Phoenix, Las Vegas and much of central Florida, where the 
housing market had boomed the most. At the same time, many Rust Belt metro areas 
suffered greatly from the decline of manufacturing jobs throughout the 2000s. 
The Great Recession is only one piece of the story, however. Although the downturn 
pushed the poor population to record levels and accelerated the shift of poverty toward 
suburbia, more poor people lived in suburbs than cities even before the market crashed. 
In fact, poverty began growing faster in suburbs than in cities as early as the 1980s. 
Suburbia was increasingly home to more low-wage jobs, more new immigrants and more 
aging housing, all of which led to growth in its poor population, too. 
The rapid rise in suburban poverty during the 2000s cut across the blue and red political 
divide. More than 80 percent of districts represented by Democrats and more than 90 
percent of those represented by Republicans experienced an increase in their poor 
populations across the decade. Some of the fastest growth occurred in Republican 
districts in Sun Belt regions hit hard by the housing market collapse, including Phoenix 
(AZ-5), Las Vegas (NV-3) and Atlanta (GA-7). At the same time, the biggest increases in 
suburban poverty rates occurred in Democratic districts in Midwestern manufacturing 
regions, like Indianapolis (IN-7) and Detroit (MI-13). 
Despite poverty's increasing suburbanization and bipartisan character, it is not exactly 
catching fire as a key issue on Capitol Hill. One recent debate in which poverty has 
surfaced most prominently concerns the reauthorization of the Supplemental Nutrition 
Assistance Program, with the House GOP leadership advancing a proposal to cut $40 
billion in spending over 10 years. The burden of those cuts would fall more squarely on 
suburbs than ever now that 55 percent of SNAP participants in major metro areas live in 
suburbs. Programs like SNAP, the Earned Income Tax Credit and Medicaid already 
deliver the majority of their benefits to suburban communities, many of which are squarely 
in the GOP column. 
As we approach the 50th anniversary of the War on Poverty in 2014, however, both sides 
should admit that the federal anti-poverty infrastructure from that era is outdated. Much of 
the $82 billion Washington spends annually to address poverty through "place-based" 
policies and programs originally was designed largely to assist the inner-city and remote 
rural locations that defined American poverty in the 1960s. The ways in which the current 
system approaches initiatives such as neighborhood economic development, community 
health centers and affordable housing construction are often a poor fit for suburban areas 
where poverty is more spread out, public and nonprofit capacity is thin and hundreds of 
small municipalities routinely compete with one another rather than collaborate to address 
shared challenges like growing poverty. 
Page 12 of 3 
EFTA00591892
--- PAGE 3 ---
Fortunately, innovative organizations in both red and blue areas of the country are working 
around the current system to address poverty in smarter ways across urban and suburban 
lines. In the Houston area, Neighborhood Centers helps more than 400,000 residents per 
year — particularly new American citizens — access training, transportation and support 
that advance the well-being of families and the Houston regional economy. In the Seattle 
area, the Road Map Project brings together six suburban school districts with schools in 
south Seattle to close the achievement gap and help prepare all students in the region for 
college and career success. In our recent book, we recommend that federal policymakers 
repurpose a fraction of existing anti-poverty spending to support these types of strategies 
through a Metropolitan Opportunity Challenge. This program would award funding to 
states through a competitive process for regional initiatives that increase access to 
opportunity for low-income residents and places. 
Challenging states and regions to adopt these broader, cross-jurisdictional models for 
poverty alleviation won't address the full scale of the poverty problem in America today, 
but it could help stretch limited resources much further. For Republicans, it would 
represent an opportunity to move away from outdated formulas and legacy programs 
toward more outcome-driven strategies that improve efficiency and cut bureaucratic red 
tape. For Democrats, it's a chance to use scarce federal dollars to get local and state 
governments, as well as the private sector and philanthropy, to put more of their own 
resources behind poverty-fighting initiatives. 
Over the past few decades, poverty has become an increasingly structural feature of the 
American economy. In all likelihood, suburban poverty is here to stay. The battleground 
character of suburbs could set the stage for more ideological trench warfare and gridlock 
over federal anti-poverty policy and a suburban replay of the challenges that have 
beleaguered our inner cities over the last few decades. Or it could spur a bipartisan effort 
to convert top-down federal programs of old into support for new bottom-up solutions to 
urban and suburban poverty alike. The future of suburbs — as an American ideal and 
political keystone — may hang in the balance. 
Page 13 of 3 
EFTA00591893

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591894.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591894.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 1 of 14 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-80736-CIV-MAFtRA 
JANE DOE #1 and JANE DOE #2, 
petitioners, 
VS. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
respondent. 
FILED by 
D.C. 
JUN 1 8 2013 
STEVEN M LARIMORE 
CLERK U S DST. L., 
S. D. of FLA - 
, 
ORDER DENYING GOVERNMENT'S MOTION TO DISMISS 
FOR LACK OF SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION & 
ORDER LIFTING STAY OF DISCOVERY 
THIS CAUSE is before the court on the government's motion to dismiss for lack of subject 
matter jurisdiction [DE 119], the petitioners' response in opposition [DE 127] and the government's 
reply [DE 147]. For reasons stated below, the court has determined to deny the motion. 
I. Preface 
The petitioners in this action seek to vacate a "non-prosecution agreement" ("the agreement") 
between the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida (USAO/SDFL) and 
Jeffrey Epstein (Epstein) pursuant to the Crime Victims' Rights Act of 2004 (CVRA), 18 U.S.C. 
§3771. Under the agreement, Epstein agreed to (1) plead guilty to two then pending state court 
charges, solicitation of prostitution and solicitation of minors to engage in prostitution (a charge 
requiring him to register as a sex offender), in violation of Fla. Stat. §§796.07 and 796.03 and 
(2) make a binding recommendation for an eighteen-month sentence in county jail followed by 
twelve months of community control. In exchange for Epstein's performance, the USAO/SDFL 
agreed to (1) defer prosecution of related federal offenses against Epstein which had been 
EFTA00591894
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 2 of 14 
investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) ' in favor of prosecution by the State of 
Florida and (2) refrain from instituting criminal charges against certain alleged co-conspirators 
of Epstein. Further, the USAO/SDFL and Epstein expressed their "anticipat[ion]" that the 
"agreement will not be made part of any public record. " Additionally, the USAO/SDFL promised 
to provide Epstein advance notice before disclosing the agreement in response to a Freedom of 
Information Act request or compulsory process commanding disclosure [DE 48-5, pp. 2-15]. 
IL Factual Background 
As outlined in their CVRA petition and supplemental pleadings filed in this action, 
petitioners allege the following sequence of events, which the court assumes to be true at the motion 
to dismiss stage:2
1. In 2006, the Federal Bureau of Investigation opened an investigation into allegations that 
Epstein had been inducing minor females to engage in commercial sexual activity over the preceding 
five year period of time. The United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida 
accepted the case for prosecution, and in June, 2007 and August, 2007, the FBI issued standard 
The agreement enumerated certain federal offenses which the FBI and the United States 
Attorney's Office determined may have been committed by Epstein between 2001 through 2007, 
including conspiracy to use and the use of facilities of interstate commerce to persuade, induce or 
entice minor females to engage in prostitution in violation of 18 U.S.C. §2422(b); conspiracy to 
travel and travel in interstate commerce for purpose of engaging in illicit sexual conduct with minor 
females in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2423(b); knowingly recruiting, enticing and obtaining persons 
under the age of eighteen years to engage in commercial sex acts in violation of 18 U.S.C. 
§1591(a)(1). 
See Cole v. United States, 755 F.2d 873 (IP' Cir. 1985)(in reviewing motion to dismiss for lack 
of subject matter jurisdiction under Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(b), reviewing court must assume as true all 
"factual" allegations in the complaint). 
EFTA00591895
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 3 of 14 
victim notification letters to the petitioners Jane Doe No. 1 and Jane Doe No. 2. 
2. On September 24, 2007, the USAO/SDFL entered into the above-described non-
prosecution agreement with Epstein without first conferring with petitioners, and without alerting 
them to the existence of the agreement either before or promptly after the fact.' Petitioners claim 
they were kept in the dark about the agreement for roughly nine months - with no mention of the 
federal deal made in intervening correspondence and verbal communications between petitioners, 
the FBI and the local United States Attorney's Office.' 
3. On June 27, 2008, the Assistant United States Attorney assigned to the Epstein case 
contacted petitioners' counsel to advise that Epstein was scheduled to plead guilty to certain state 
court charges on June 30, 2008, without mentioning that the anticipated plea in the state court was 
a term of the pre-existing non-prosecution agreement with the federal authorities. 
4. On July 3, 2008, petitioners' counsel sent a letter to the USAO/SDFL advising that Jane 
'The government appears to concede the non-conferral, stating in its reply brief: 
While it may be true that the USAO-SDFL did not inform Petitioners and confer with 
them about the Non-Prosecution Agreement before it signed that agreement, the 
USAO-SDFL had conferred with both of the Petitioners about the potential 
prosecution of Epstein and was aware that Jane Doe #1 wished to see Epstein 
prosecuted and that, at that time, Jane Doe #2 had expressed open hostility toward 
any prosecution of Epstein. 
[DE 147, page 31]. 
The post-agreement communications are alleged to include a May 30, 2008 letter from the 
USAO/SDFL to a recognized victim advising that the case "is currently under investigation" and that 
"it can be a lengthy process and we request your continued patience while we conduct a through 
investigation." In addition, the USAO/SDFL allegedly sent a letter to the victims' counsel in June, 
2008, asking them to submit a letter expressing the victims' views on why federal charges should 
be filed against Epstein -- without mentioning that the USAO/SDFL had already entered into the 
non-prosecution agreement. 
EFTA00591896
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 4 of 14 
Doe No. I wished to see federal charges brought against Epstein. 
HI. Procedural History 
5. On July 7, 2008, Jane Doe No. I filed an "emergency" petition under the CVRA, 
contending that Epstein was currently involved in plea negotiations with the USAO/SDFL, which 
"may likely result in a disposition of the charges in the next several days." [CVRA Petition, DE 1, 
¶3]. Claiming to be wrongfully excluded from those discussions, Jane Doe 1 asserted the violation 
of her CVRA rights to confer with federal prosecutors; to be treated with fairness; to receive 
timely notice of relevant court proceedings and to receive information about her right to restitution. 
As relief, she requested entry of an injunction directing the United States Attorney's Office to 
"comply with the provisions of the CVRA prior to and including any plea or other agreement with 
[Epstein] and any attendant proceedings." 
6. On July 9, 2008, the government filed its response, disclaiming application of the CVRA 
to pre-charge negotiations with prospective defendants. Alternatively, the government contended 
it did use its "best efforts" to comply with CVRA notice and conferral requirements in its dealings 
with Jane Doe I. 
7. On July 11, 2008, the court entertained a hearing on the initial petition. During the course 
of that proceeding, the court allowed an amendment of the petition to include Jane Doe No. 2 as a 
complainant. The government acknowledged at that time that both petitioners met the definition 
of "crime victims" under the CVRA. 
EFTA00591897
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 5 of 14 
8. Over the course of the next eighteen months, the CVRA case stalled as petitioners 
pursued collateral civil claims against Epstein. The CVRA case was administratively closed on 
September 9, 2010, and then re-opened at petitioners' request on October 28, 2010. Since then, 
petitioners have submitted a "Motion for Finding of Violations of the CVRA" and a supporting 
statement of facts [DE 48]. 
9. On September 26, 2011, the court entered its order partially granting the petitioners' 
motion for a finding of violations of the CVRA, recognizing that the CVRA can apply before 
formal charges are filed against an accused. The court deferred ruling on the merits of the motion 
pending development of a full factual record, and authorized petitioners to conduct limited 
discovery in the form of requests for production of documents and requests for admissions directed 
to the U.S. Attorney's Office, with leave for either party to request additional discovery as 
appropriate [DE 99]. 
10. On November 8, 2011, the government moved to dismiss the entire CVRA proceeding 
for lack of subject matter jurisdiction [DE 119], and successfully sought a stay of discovery pending 
resolution of that motion [DE 121, 123]. In its current motion to dismiss, the government first 
contends that "even assuming that the CVRA was violated as petitioners claim, petitioners lack 
standing to seek redress for those violations" because the remedy petitioners seek- - a vacating or 
re-opening of the non-prosecution agreement — is not a legally viable option at this juncture. 
Alternatively, the government argues that petitioners' CVRA claims are not "constitutionally ripe" 
because petitioners have a present ability to confer with prosecutorial authorities in other 
jurisdictions, namely the United States Attorney's Offices of the District of New Jersey and New 
York, which share jurisdiction and venue over the federal offenses potentially chargeable against 
EFTA00591898
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 6 of 14 
Epstein for crimes committed in this District. Thus, the government asserts that it is premature and 
speculative for petitioners to bring a claim for the prospective denial of CVRA conferral rights, 
rendering their current claims constitutionally unripe. These arguments are addressed, in turn, in the 
discussion which follows. 
IV. Discussion 
"[T]he core component of standing is an essential and unchanging part of the case-or-
controversy requirement of Article III." Lujan v. Defenders of Wildlife, 504 U.S. 555, 560, 112 S. 
Ct. 2130, 119 L.Ed.2d 351 (1992). To satisfy Article III's minimum standing requirements, a 
plaintiff must generally show (1) it has suffered an injury in fact — i.e. the invasion of a legally 
protected interest that is concrete and particularized, as well as actual or imminent; (2) the injury 
is fairly traceable to the challenged action of the defendant, and (3) it is likely, as opposed to merely 
speculative, that the injury will be redressed by a favorable decision. Id. at 560-561. 
Here, the government contends petitioners are unable to satisfy the third prong of this test 
on the theory it is legally impossible for petitioners to obtain the relief which they seek - the 
vacating of the non-prosecution agreement as a predicate to the full and unfettered exercise of their 
CVRA conferral rights — and that they are therefore unable to show a likelihood that the CVRA 
injury alleged will be redressed by a favorable decision in the case. More specifically, the 
government contends that rescission of an otherwise valid plea or non-prosecution agreement (i.e. 
an agreement containing no illegal terms or conditions) is prohibited by constitutional Due Process 
guarantees - even if entered in violation of the CVRA. Alternatively, the government argues that 
even if the court could set the agreement aside and order the government to confer with petitioners 
before arriving at a final prosecutorial decision regarding Epstein, the gesture would be futile. The 
EFTA00591899
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 7 of 14 
government claims that the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida 
would still be legally bound to abide by the terms of the September 24, 2007 agreement,' 
eliminating the possibility that exercise of petitioners' conferral rights under the CVRA might lead 
to a different federal charging outcome. 
The court disagrees. As a threshold matter, the court finds that the CVRA is properly 
interpreted to authorize the rescission or "re-opening" of a prosecutorial agreement - including a 
non-prosecution arrangement — reached in violation of a prosecutor's conferral obligations under 
the statute. Clearly, the statute contemplates such a result where, under the "enforcement and 
limitations" provision, § 3771(d)(5), the conditions under which "[a] victim may make a motion to 
re-open a plea or sentence" in order to remedy a failure to afford a right provided under the CVRA 
are specifically prescribed. If the government's theory was correct, i.e. that no otherwise valid plea 
may be disturbed, notwithstanding a CVRA violation, as a matter of constitutional due process 
guarantees -- the statutory prescriptions for "re-opening" a plea or sentence reached in violation 
of the CVRA would effectively be nullified. The court will not embrace such a strained construction 
of the statute. 
The government acknowledges that the USAO/SDFL has been recused by the Department of 
Justice for prospective responsibility of any further criminal investigation or potential prosecution 
of Epstein relating to his alleged sexual activities with minor females in the Southern District of 
Florida, and that responsibility for any future prosecutorial action arising out of Epstein's alleged 
criminal activity in this district has now been assigned to the United States Attorney's Office for the 
Middle District of Florida [Government Motion to Dismiss, page 8, n. 8][DE 119]. However, it 
contends, without explanation, that the September 24, 2007 non-prosecution agreement would still 
constrain the Middle District of Florida United States Attorney's Office "due to that office's recusal-
based derivative prosecutorial responsibilities in the Southern District of Florida" [Government 
Motion to Dismiss, page 12, n. 13][DE 119]. 
EFTA00591900
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 8 of 14 
Although this particular statutory enforcement provision expressly refers to the re-opening 
of a "plea" or "sentence"— events falling in the post-charge stage of criminal proceedings — the court 
concludes that the statute is properly interpreted impliedly to authorize a "re-opening" or setting 
aside of pre-charge prosecutorial agreements made in derogation of the government's CVRA 
conferral obligations as well. 
First, the court concludes that the "reasonable right to confer ... in the case " guaranteed by 
the CVRA at §3771(a)(5) is properly read to extend to the pre-charge stage of criminal 
investigations and proceedings, certainly where -- as here-- the relevant prosecuting authority has 
formally accepted a case for prosecution. The case law and legislative history of the statute support 
such an expansive reading of the statutory mandate. See United States v. BP Products North 
America, Inc., 2008 WL 501321 at * 11-15 (S.D. Tex. 2008)(unpub), citing 150 Cong. Rec. 52460, 
54268 (daily ed. Apr 22, 2004)(statement of Senator Feinstein)(explaining that the right to confer 
was "intended to be expansive," applying to "any critical state or disposition of the case") and United 
States v. Heaton, 458 F. Supp. 2d 1272 (D. Utah 2006)(govemment motion to dismiss charge of 
using facility of interstate commerce to entice minors to engage in unlawful sexual activity would 
not be granted until government consulted with victim); United States v. Ingrassia, 2005 WL 
2875220 at *17 n. 11 (Senate Debate supports view that contemplated mechanism for victims to 
obtain information on which to base their input was conferral with prosecutor concerning any critical 
stage or disposition of the case), and United States Department of Justice, Attorney General 
Guidelines for Victim and Witness Assistance 30 (2005)("Responsible officials should make 
reasonable efforts to notify identified victims of, and consider victims' views about, prospective 
plea negotiations.") 
EFTA00591901
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 9 of 14 
In short, there is no logical reason to treat a "non-prosecution agreement" which the 
government employs to dispose of contemplated federal charges any differently from a "plea 
agreement" employed to dispose of charged offenses in interpreting remedies available under the 
CVRA. Where the statute expressly contemplates that a "plea" may be set aside if entered in 
violation of CVRA conferral rights, it necessarily contemplates that a "non-prosecution" agreement 
may be set aside if entered in violation of the government's conferral obligations. 
Thus, in their petition and supplemental pleadings, Jane Doe 1 and 2 have identified a 
remedy which is likely to redress the injury complained of— the setting aside of the non-prosecution 
agreement as a prelude to the full unfettered exercise of their conferral rights at a time that will 
enable the victims to exercise those rights meaningfully. See BP Products North America, supra 
at *14 ("Section 3771(c)(1) requires government officials to use best efforts to give victims notice 
of their rights under subsection (1), including the right to confer, at a time that will enable the 
victims to exercise these rights meaningfully"). Thus, petitioners do not lack constitutional standing 
because of an inability to identify a remedy for their alleged injury. 
Nor is the court persuaded by the government's "futility" argument, derived from its stated 
perception that the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida (and 
derivatively the United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Florida) would be 
constrained to honor the terms of the September 24, 2007 agreement even if the court were to set it 
aside and order the government to confer with the victims before reaching a final charging decision. 
EFTA00591902
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 10 of 14 
The fallacy with this strand of the government's standing argument derives from its misidentification 
of the alleged injury sought to be remedied in the case: The victims' CVRA injury is not the 
government's failure to prosecute Epstein federally — an end within the sole control of the 
government. Rather, it is the government's failure to confer with the victims before disposing of 
contemplated federal charges. This injury can be redressed by setting aside the agreement and 
requiring the government to handle its disposition of the Epstein case in keeping with the mandates 
of the CVRA, including the pre-charge conferral obligations of the government. 
The court rejects the notion that a victim must show the likelihood or at least a possibility 
of a prosecution as a pre- requisite to demonstrating standing for redress of conferral rights under 
the CVRA - which is the fundamental premise of the government's futility argument. What the 
government chooses to do after a conferral with the victims is a matter outside the reach of the 
CVRA, which reserves absolute prosecutorial discretion to the government. 18 U.S.C. §3771 
(d)(6)("Nothing in this chapter shall be construed to impair the prosecutorial discretion of the 
Attorney General or any officer under his direction"). 
While the law of standing does require, as a general proposition, that a federal plaintiff show 
some logical nexus between the asserted injury and the claim sought to be adjudicated (i. e. a 
likelihood that the relief sought is likely to vindicate the injury), Linda R.S. v. Richard D., 410 U.S. 
614, 93 S. Ct. 1146, 35 L.Ed. 2d 536 (1973), these requirements apply only in the absence of a 
statute expressly conferring standing. Id. at 617 n. 3 ("[] Congress may enact statutes creating leal 
rights, the invasion of which creates standing, even though no injury would exist without the 
statute"), citing Trafficante v. Metropolitan Life Ins. Co., 409 U.S. 205, 212, 93 S. Ct. 364, 368, 34 
L.Ed. 2d 415 (1972). It is apparent, through the passage of the CVRA, that Congress has enacted 
EFTA00591903
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 11 of 14 
a statute expressly conferring certain legal rights upon "crime victims," the invasion of which 
creates standing to seek relief under the CVRA, even though no cognizable injury would exist 
without the statute. It is also apparent that the petitioners in this case meet the definition of "crime 
victims" conferred with standing to assert the subject CVRA claims. 
The CVRA at §3771(e) defines a "crime victim" as " a person directly and proximately 
harmed as a result of the commission of a Federal offense." In the Eleventh Circuit, a two-part test 
is employed to determine whether an individual qualifies as a crime victim under this statute: First, 
the court must identify the behavior constituting the "commission of a Federal offense." Second, 
the court must identify the direct and proximate effects of that behavior on parties other than the 
United States. In re Stewart, 552 F.3d 1285 (II" Cir. 2008). If the criminal behavior causes a party 
direct and proximate harmful effect, the party is considered a victim under the CVRA. Id at 1288. 
The non-prosecution agreement at issue refers to five distinct federal sex offense crimes 
involving minors contemplated against Epstein, the direct and proximate harmful effects of which 
were allegedly visited upon the petitioners, plainly qualifying them as crime victims within the 
meaning of the CVRA. As such, they have standing to assert rights under the CVRA, as they have 
done in this case. See e.g. United States v. Thetford, 
F. Supp. 2d 
, 2013 WL 1309851 
(N.D. Ala. 2013). Presented with these claims, the court is obligated to decide whether, as crime 
victims, petitioners have asserted valid reasons why the court should vacate or re-open the non-
prosecution agreement reached between Epstein and the USAO/SDFL. Whether the evidentiary 
proofs will entitle them to that relief is a question properly reserved for determination upon a fully 
EFTA00591904
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 12 of 14 
developed evidentiary record. 6
In sum, the petitioners' standing is expressly conferred by the CVRA, which limits its 
protections to "crime victim(s)," defined as "person[s] directly and proximately harmed as a result 
of the commission of a Federal offense ..." 18 U.S.C. §3771(e). The court finds and the government 
does not dispute that petitioners are persons "directly and proximately harmed" as the result of 
federal offenses allegedly committed by Epstein. This concludes the proper confines of the standing 
inquiry. 
Recognizing the need for a developed evidentiary record, the court accordingly rejects the 
government's related "estoppel" argument as an independent attack on petitioners' constitutional 
standing to sue. In this vein, the government argues that the petitioners are legally precluded from 
seeking rescission of the non-prosecution agreement under any scenario because they had, but 
forfeited, an opportunity to press for rescission at an early stage in these CVRA proceedings--
before Epstein performed his part of the bargain (i.e. before he served jail time on the two state 
charges). 
Due to petitioners' counsel's initial "indecision" on whether to seek rescission, as 
expressed at an earlier hearing held in August 2008, the government argues that "[elven assuming 
arguendo that the CVRA would allow a victim to seek rescission of a non- prosecution agreement 
between the government and an uncharged individual, petitioners' action would legally preclude 
them from obtaining such a remedy in these proceedings." 
Whether petitioners are estopped from seeking vindication of their CVRA conferral rights 
via the vehicle of rescission or a "re-opening" of the non-prosecution agreement due to an earlier 
litigation posture assumed in this case-- as the government contends -- implicates a fact-sensitive 
equitable defense which must be considered in the historical factual context of the entire interface 
between Epstein, the relevant prosecutorial authorities and the federal offense victims — including 
an assessment of the allegation of a deliberate conspiracy between Epstein and federal prosecutors 
to keep the victims in the dark on the pendency of negotiations between Epstein and federal 
authorities until well after the fact and presentation of the non-prosecution agreement to them as a 
fait accompli. As with threshold questions going to the existence of the alleged CVRA violations, 
questions pertaining to this equitable defense are properly left for resolution after development of 
a full evidentiary record. 
EFTA00591905
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 13 of 14 
B. Ripeness 
The "ripeness doctrine," under which a plaintiff lacks standing if his claim is not ripe, aims 
to prevent the courts, through avoidance of premature adjudication, from entangling themselves in 
abstract disagreements over administrative policies. Pashby v. Delia, 709 F.3d 307 (4th Cir. 2013); 
Brennan v. Roman Catholic Diocese of Syracuse New York, Inc., 322 Fed. Appx. 852, 2009 WL 
941765 (11th Cir. 2009)(unpub). 
In this case, the government contends that the petitioners' CVRA conferral claims are not 
constitutionally ripe because petitioners do not allege they have sought and have been denied 
conferral with all federal prosecutorial authorities having potential jurisdiction over Epstein's 
federal sex crimes in the Southern District of Florida. Specifically, the government argues that the 
United States Attorney's Office of the Districts of New Jersey and New York share jurisdiction with 
the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida over federal sex offenses 
allegedly committed by Epstein in the Southern District of Florida, and that petitioners' CVRA 
conferral claims are not ripe unless and until all other relevant prosecutorial authorities refuse or fail 
to confer with them regarding federal offenses chargeable against Epstein. 
The court summarily rejects this argument. Petitioners have alleged a violation of their 
CVRA conferral rights against a federal prosecutorial authority which formally accepted the case 
against Epstein for prosecution. Whether conferral rights do or do not exist with prosecutorial 
authorities in some other jurisdiction does not detract from the ripeness of this claim against a local 
federal prosecutorial authority which did actively investigate potential charges against Epstein in 
this district and formally resolved those charges with the challenged non-prosecution agreement at 
EFTA00591906
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 189 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/19/2013 Page 14 of 14 
issue in this action. 
III. Conclusion 
Based on the foregoing, it is ORDERED AND ADJUDGED: 
I. The government's motion to dismiss for lack of subject matter jurisdiction [DE 119] is 
DENIED. 
2. The stay of discovery pending ruling on the government's motion to dismiss entered 
November 8, 2011 [DE# 123] is LIFTED. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Florida this 18th day of June, 
2013. 
Kenneth A. Marra 
United States District Judge 
cc. All counsel 
_SEALED 
/..<N0T SEALED 
EFTA00591907

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591908.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591908.pdf
----------------------------------------
Wells Fargo Combined Statement of Accounts 
Primary account number: 
February 1. 2015 - February 28. 2015 ■ Page 1 of 6 
LDB FOUNDATION 
AKA JEWISH LIVES 
931 CASANUEVA PL 
STANFORD CA 94305-1001 
Your Business and Wells Fargo 
The plans you establish today will shape your business far into the future. The 
heart of the planning process is your business plan. Take the time now to build a 
strong foundation. Find out more at wellslargoworks.comistarUbusiness-planning 
Questions? 
WELLS 
FARGO 
Available by phone 24 hours a day. 7 days a week: 
Telecommunications Relay Services calls accepted 
1-800-CALL-WELLS (1800.225.5935) 
T 
Online: wellstargo.comtiz 
Write: Wells Fargo Bank. N.A. (114) 
P.O. Box 6995 
Portland. OR 97228-6995 
Account options 
A check mark in the box indicates you have these convenient 
services with your account(s). Go to vngsfargo.corntiz or 
catt the number above id you have questions or it you would 
like to add new services. 
Business Online Banking 
Online Statements 
Business Bill Pay 
Business Spending Report 
Overdraft Protection 
Summary of accounts 
Checking/Prepaid and Savings 
Ending balance 
Ending balance 
Account 
Page 
Amawatibaraner 
last statement 
this statement 
P1atrturn Business Services Package 
49.981.67 
42.521.10 
Business High Yield Savings 
40.01 
0.00 
Total deposit accounts 
$50,021.88 
$42,521.10 
Sheet Sag .0132057 
Sheet 00001 al 00003 
EFTA00591908
--- PAGE 2 ---
Primary account number: 
■ February 1. 2015 - February 28. 2015 ■ Page 2 of 6 
WELLS 
FARGO 
Platinum Business Services Package 
Activity summary 
Beginning balance on 2/1 
Deposits/Credits 
Withdrawal&Debits 
$49981.67 
80.83 
- 7.541.40 
Ending balance on 2/28 
Average ledger balance this penad 
$42,521.10 
$46263.11 
Account number: 
LDB FOUND/ 
AKA JEWISH UVES 
California account terms and conolbons Bp* 
For Direct Deposit use 
Routing Number (RTN): 121042882 
For Wire Transfers use 
Routing Number (RTN): 121000248 
Overdraft Protection 
This account is not currently covered by Overdraft Protection. If you would like more information regarding Overdraft Protection and eligibility requirements 
please call the number listed on your statement or visit your Wells Fargo store. 
Interest summary 
Interest paid this statement 
Average cotected balance 
Annual percentage yield earned 
Interest earned this statement period 
Interest paid this year 
Total interest paid in 2014 
$0.82 
$46263.11 
0.02% 
$0.82 
$1.99 
$18.39 
Transaction history 
Check 
Date 
Number Description 
Depose's/ 
Credits 
VVehdrawals/ 
Debits 
Ending daily 
balance 
2/3 
Deposit Made In A 8ranchrStore 
80.01 
50,061.68 
2/6 
1029 Check 
1.730.00 
48,331.68 
2/9 
Purchase authorized on 02/05 Delta Air 006757 New York NY 
3005036691332525 Card 3923 
548.70 
2/9 
Purchase authorized on 02/135 American Ai 001757 New York NY 
5165036691850436 Card 3923 
1.36240 
2/9 
Purchase authorized on 02/05 Jett4ue 279757 New York NY 
3285036692401201 Card 3923 
49.01 
46,371.57 
2/12 
Purchase authorized on 02/10 Valerie Wilson Tra 888-955-5455 
NY 3585041692364931 Card 3923 
100.00 
46,271.57 
2/13 
Purchase authorized on 02/11 Amtrak Telep042792 Washington 
DC 5385042587705679 Card 3923 
300.00 
45.971.57 
2/23 
Purchase authorized on 02/19 Morgans Hotel New York NY 
3305050551753671 Card 3923 
1.051.29 
2/23 
1031 Check 
2.400.00 
42.520.28 
2127 
Interest Payment 
0.82 
42.521.10 
Ending balance on 228 
42521.10 
Totals 
$80.83 
$7.541.40 
The Ending Daily Balance does nor reflect any pending withdrawals or holds on deposited funds that may have been outstanding on your account when your 
transactions posted. If you had insufficient available funds when a transaction posted. fees may have been assessed. 
EFTA00591909
--- PAGE 3 ---
Primary account number: 
■ February 1, 2015 - February 28, 2015 • Page 3 of 6 
WFS 
m 
FARGO 
Summary of checks written 
(checks listed are also displayed in the preceding Transaction history) 
Number 
Dare 
Amount 
Number 
Date 
1029 
2:6 
1.73000 
1031 •
123 
' Gap in check sequence. 
Monthly service fee summary 
Amount 
2.400.00 
For a complete list of fees and detailed account information. please see the Wells Fargo Fee and Information Schedule and Account Agreement applicable to 
your account or talk to a banker. Go to wellsfargo.com/feefaq to find answers to common questions about the monthly service fee on your account. 
Fee period 02/01/2015 - 02/2812015 
Standard monthly service fee $40.00 
You paid $0.00 
How to avoid the monthly service fee (complete I AND 2) 
Minimum required 
This fee period 
1) Have any ONE of the following account requirements 
• Average ledger balance 
$25.000.00 
$46.263.00 0 
• Combined balances 11 linked accounts. which may include 
$40.000.00 
- Average ledger balances in business checking. savings. and time accounts 
- Most recent statement balance of business credit card. Wells Fargo Secured 
Credit Card. BusinessLine° line of credit Secured BusinessLine° Inca of credit. 
Wells Fargo Express Equity line of credit. and Wells Fargo BusinessLoan° term 
loan 
- Combined average daily balances from the previous month for Business 
PrimeLoanw. Wells Fargo Express Equity° loan. Wells Fargo Express Ref is loan. 
Welk; Fargo Purchase Advantage. loan. Wells Fargo Small Business Advantage 
line of credit. Equipment Express loan. and Equipment Express° Sigler Even t 
loan 
2) Complete the package requirements 
• Have qualifying rnked accounts or services in separate categories' 
'Includes Wells Fargo business accounts and services such as debit card, savings accounts. active Online Banking. credit card, loans and lines of credit. 
MOW 
Account transaction fees summary 
Service charge description 
Transactions 
Total service charges 
Units 
Excess 
Service charge per 
Total service 
Units used 
included 
urns 
excess units ($) 
charge ($) 
500 
0.50 
0.00 
IMPORTANT ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
The following information is provided to help clarify an existing fee waiver associated with Overdraft fees. The benefit has not 
changed. At the end of our nightly processing. it both your ending daily account balance and your available balance are overdrawn by 
$5 or less, any overdraft fee(s) will be waived. This fee waiver is associated with your total overdrawn balance. not the dollar size of the 
transaction(s) contributing to the overdrawn balance. 
$0.00 
Sher, Sea - 0132058 
Sher. C00O2 ol 00003 
EFTA00591910
--- PAGE 4 ---
Primary account number: 
■ February 1. 2015 - February 28. 2015 • Page 4 of 6 
WELLS 
FARGO 
We want to tell you about an upcoming change to your Platinum Business Sennces Package Checking account. Effective April 6. 2015. 
your checking account will be named Platinum Business Checking. 
Effective as of your April. 2015 statement dated on or after April 6. 2015. you will no longer need to "complete the package 
requirements" to waive the Platinum Business Checking monthly service lee. To waive this lee. you will only need to meet ONE of the 
account requirements listed in the "Monthly service fee summary' section of your checking account statement. 
II you have questions about this change, please contact your local banker or call the number listed on your account statement. Please 
note. the Business Account Fee and Information Schedule and the Business Account Agreement. as amended. continue to apply. 
Business High Yield Savings 
Activity summary 
Beginning balance on 2/1 
Depositstredits 
Withdrawalstebrts 
$40.01 
40.00 
80.01 
Closing balance on 2/3 
Average ledger balance this period 
$0.00 
S60.01 
Interest summary 
Interest paid this statement 
Average collected balance 
Annual percentage yield earned 
Interest earned this statement period 
Interest paid this year 
Total interest paid in 2014 
$0.00 
S80.01 
0.00% 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.01 
Account number: 
LDB FOUNDATION 
AKA JEWISH LIVES 
California account terms and conditions apply 
For Direct Deposit use 
Routing Number (RN): 121042882 
For Wire Transfers use 
Routing Number (RN): 121000248 
Transaction history 
1'
Date 
Description 
2/3 
Monthly Service Fee Reversal 
213 
Monthly Service Fee Reversal 
2/3 
Withdrawal Made In A BranchStore 
Ending balance on 2/28 
Deposits/ 
Credits 
Withdrawals' 
Debits 
Ending daily 
balance 
20.00 
20.00 
80.01 
0.00 
0.00 
Totals 
$40.00 
$80.01 
The Ending Daily Balance does not reflect any pending withdrawals or holds on deposited funds that may have been outstanding on your account when your 
transactions posted. If you had insufficient available funds when a transaction posted. fees may have been assessed. 
IMPORTANT ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
We want to inform you of upcoming changes to your Wells Fargo Business High Yield Savings account. 
EFTA00591911
--- PAGE 5 ---
Primary account number 
■ February 1. 2015 - February 28, 2015 • Page 5 of 6 
WELLS 
FARGO 
Effective April 6. 2015. the monthly service lee on this account will decrease from 520 to $10. In addition. the balance required to waive 
the monthly service lee will decrease from $25.000 minimum daily balance or $50.000 average collected balance to $8.000 minimum 
daily balance. 
II you have questions about these changes, or would like a complimentary financial review to ensure Thal you have the right accounts 
to meet the financial goals of your business. please contact your local banker or call the phone number listed al the lop of your 
statement. 
Sheet Sag - 0I32059 
Sheet 00003 el 00003 
EFTA00591912
--- PAGE 6 ---
Primary account number: 
■ February 1, 2015 - February 28, 2015 ■ Page 6 of 6 
WELLS 
FARGO 
General statement policies for Wells Fargo Bank 
■ Notice: Wells Fargo Bank N.A. may furnish information about accounts 
belonging to individuals, including sole proprietorships, to consumer 
reporting agencies. If this applies to you, you have the right to dispute the 
accuracy of information that we have reported by writing to us at: Overdraft 
Collections and Recovery. P.O. Box 5058. Portland. OR 97208-5058. 
You must describe the specific information that is inaccurate or n dispute 
and the basis for any dispute with supporting documentation. In the case of 
information that relates to an identity theft, you MI need to provide us with 
an identity theft report. 
Account Balance Calculation Worksheet 
1. Use the following worksheet to calculate your overall account balance. 
2. Go through your register and mark each check. withdrawal. ATM 
transaction. payment. deposit or other credit listed on your statement. 
Be sure that your register shows any interest paid into your account and 
any service charges, automatic payments or ATM transactions withdrawn 
from your account during this statement period. 
3. Use the chart to the right to list any deposits, transfers to your account. 
outstandilg checks. ATM withdrawals. ATM payments or any other 
withdrawals (including any from previous months) which are listed in 
your register but not shown on your statement. 
ENTER 
A. The encing balance 
shown on your statement 
S 
ADD 
B. Any deposits listed in your 
register or transfers into 
your account which are not 
shown on your statement. 
CALCULATE THE SUBTOTAL 
(Add Parts A and B) 
$ 
Tara S 
TOTAL $ 
SUBTRACT 
C. The total outstanding checks and 
withdrawals from the chart above 
 - $ 
CALCULATE THE ENDING BALANCE 
(Part A + Part B - Part C) 
This amount should be the same 
as the current balance shown 
your check register 
4. 
02010 weft Falco Bait NA. Al r•Pcsoteinved Member FDIC. NMSR 10399801 
Number 
items Outstanding 
Amount 
Total amount $ 
EFTA00591913

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591914.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591914.pdf
----------------------------------------
Wells Fargo Combined Statement of Accounts 
Primary account number: 
• February 1, 2015 - February 28.2015 • Page 1 of 5 
LDB FOUNDATION 
AKA JEWISH LIVES BIOGRAPHY PROJECT 
931 CASANUEVA PL 
STANFORD CA 94305-1001 
Your Business and Wells Fargo 
The plans you establish today will shape your business far into the future. The 
heart of the planning process is your business plan. Take the time now to build a 
strong foundation. Find out more at wellslargoworks.comistarUbusiness-planning 
Questions? 
WELLS 
FARGO 
Available by phone 24 hours a day. 7 days a week: 
Telecommunications Relay Services calls accepted 
1-800-CALL-WELLS (1800.225.5935) 
TTY:1.800.877.4833 
En °span& 1-877-337-7454 
Online: wellslargo.corntiz 
Write: Wells Fargo Bank. N.A. (114) 
P.O. Box 6995 
Penland. OR 97228-6995 
Account options 
A check mark in the box indicates you have these convenient 
services with your account(s). Go to vnallsf argo.cornbz or 
cat the number above it you have questions or it you would 
like to add new services. 
Business Online Banking 
Online Statements 
Business Bill Pay 
Business Spending Report 
Overdraft Protection 
O 
Summary of accounts 
Checking/Prepaid and Savings 
Ending balance 
Ending balance 
Account 
Page 
last statement 
this statement 
Wells Fargo Simple Business Checking 
Business Market Rate Savings 
ill 
18.096.15 
501.03 
15.28940 
501.04 
Total deposit acco 
$18,597.18 
$15,790.44 
Sheet Sag .0051179 
Sheet 00001 el 00003 
EFTA00591914
--- PAGE 2 ---
Primary account number: 
 !
■ February 1. 2015 - February 28. 2015 
• Page 2 of 5 
WELLS 
FARGO 
Wells Fargo Simple Business Checking 
Activity summary 
Beginning balance on 2/1 
Deposits/Credits 
WithdrawalsiDebits 
$18.096.15 
0.00 
2.806.75 
Ending balance on 2/28 
Average ledger balance this period 
$15,289.40 
$16.106.22 
Account number: 
LDB FOUNDA 
AKA JEWISH LIVES BIOGRAPHY PROJECT 
California account tams and condemns apply 
For Direct Deposit use 
Routing Number (RTN): 121042882 
For Wire Transfers use 
Routing Number (RTN): 121000248 
Overdraft Protection 
This account is not currently covered by Overdraft Protection. If you would like more information regarding Overdraft Protection and eligibility requirements 
please call the number listed on your statement or visit your Wells Fargo store. 
Transaction history 
Check 
Date 
Number Description 
Deposits/ 
Credits 
Withdrawals/ 
Debits 
Ending daily 
balance 
2/9 
4265 Check 
2.560.75 
15.535.40 
2110 
Transfer to Ldb Foundation Business Checking Ref #Ope5M257J5 
mcxxxx8932 
200.00 
15,335.40 
2/13 
Purchase authorized on 02112 Fedex 807527124522 
800-4633339 TN 6385042015710462 Card 6378 
43.00 
15,292.40 
2/24 
Purchase authorized on 02/23 Mailchimp Mailchimp.Com GA 
6465054776457933 Card 6378 
3.00 
15.289.40 
Ending balance on 2)28 
15,289.40 
Totals 
$0.00 
$2,806.75 
The Ending Daily Balance does not reflect any pending withdrawals or holds on deposited funds that may have been outstanding on your account when your 
transactions posted. If you had msufficent available funds where a transaction posted. fees may have been assessed. 
Summary of checks written 
(checks listed are also displayed in the preceding Transaction history) 
Number 
4265 
2/9 
2.560.75 
Date 
Amount 
Monthly service tee summary 
For a complete list of fees and detailed account information. please see the Wells Fargo Fee and Information Schedule and Account Agreement app!icable to 
your account or talk to a banker. Go to wellslargo.comneefaq to find answers to common questions about the monthly service fee on your account. 
Fee period 02,01/2015 - 02/28:2015 
How to reduce the monthly service fee by $5.00 
Have any ONE of the following account requirements 
• Average ledger balance 
Monthly service fee discount(s) (applied when box is checked) 
Online only statements ($5.00 discount) 
01101 
Standard monthly service fee $10.00 
Minimum required 
$1,000.00 
You paid $0.00 
This lee period 
$16,106.00 0 
EFTA00591915
--- PAGE 3 ---
Primary account number: 
February 1, 2015 - February 28, 2015 • Page 3 of 5 
WELLS 
FAUN() 
Account transaction fees summary 
Units 
Excess 
Service charge per 
Total service 
Service charge description 
Units used 
included 
units 
excess units (S) 
charge (S) 
Transactions 
0.50 
0.00 
Total service charges 
$0.00 
IMPORTANT ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
The following information is provided to help clarify an existing fee waiver associated with Overdraft fees. The benefit has not 
changed. At the end of our nightly processing. it both your ending daily account balance and your available balance are overdrawn by 
$5 or less. any overdraft fee(s) will be waived. This fee waiver is associated with your total overdrawn balance, not the dollar size of the 
transaction(s) contributing to the overdrawn balance. 
Business Market Rate Savings 
Activity summary 
Beginning balance on 2/1 
$501.03 
Deposits:Credits 
0.01 
Withdrawalstebrts 
- 0.00 
Ending balance on 2/28 
$501.04 
Average ledger balance this period 
$501.03 
Interest summary 
Interest paid this statement 
$0.01 
Average coSected balance 
$501.03 
Annual percentage yield earned 
0.03% 
Interest earned this statement period 
$0.01 
Interest paid this year 
$0.03 
Total interest paid in 2014 
$0.23 
Account number: 
LDB FOUNDATI 
JEWISH LIVES BIOGRAPHY PROJECT 
California account terns and conditions apply 
For Direct Deposit use 
Routing Number (RTN): 121042882 
For Wire Transfers use 
Routing Number (RTN): 121000248 
Sheet Sag - 0351180 
Street 000O2 ol 00303 
EFTA00591916
--- PAGE 4 ---
Primary account number: 
February 1, 2015 - February 28.2015 a Page 4 of 5 
Me 
WELLS 
FARGO 
Transaction history 
Deposits/ 
Withdrawals/ 
Ending daily 
Date 
Description 
Credits 
Debits 
balance 
2;27 
Interest Payment 
Ending balance on MS 
Totals 
50.01 
$0.00 
0.01 
501.04 
501.04 
The Ending Daily Balance does not reflect any pending withdrawals or holds on deposited funds that may have been outstanding on your account when your 
transactions posted. If you had insufficient available funds when a transaction posted. fees may have been assessed. 
Monthly service fee summary 
For a complete fist of fees and detailed account information. please see the Wells Fargo Fee and Information Schedule and Account Agreement applicable to 
your account or talk to a banker. Go to wellsfargo.comdeefaq to find answers to common questions about the monthly service fee on your account. 
Fee period 02/01/2015 - 02/2812015 
Standard monthly service fee $6.00 
You paid $0.00 
How to avoid the monthly service fee 
Minimum required 
This fee period 
Have any ONE of the following account requirements 
• Average collected balance 
$500.00 
$501.00 g 
• Total automatic transfers from an efigiole Weis Fargo busi-iess checking account 
00.00 
$0.00 0 
YOTC 
EFTA00591917
--- PAGE 5 ---
Primary account number: 
■ February 1, 2015 - February 28, 2015 ■ Page 5 of 5 
WELLS 
FARGO 
General statement policies for Wells Fargo Bank 
■ Notice: Wells Fargo Bank N.A. may furnish information about accounts 
belonging to individuals, including sole proprietorships, to consumer 
reporting agencies. If this applies to you, you have the right to dispute the 
accuracy of information that we have reported by writing to us at: Overdraft 
Collections and Recovery. P.O. Box 5058. Portland. OR 97208-5058. 
You must describe the specific information that is inaccurate or n dispute 
and the basis for any dispute with supporting documentation. In the case of 
information that relates to an identity theft. you wil need to provide us with 
an identity theft report. 
Account Balance Calculation Worksheet 
1. Use the following worksheet to calculate your overall account balance. 
2. Go through your register and mark each check. withdrawal. ATM 
transaction. payment. deposit or other credit listed on your statement. 
Be sure that your register shows any interest paid into your account and 
any service charges, automatic payments or ATM transactions withdrawn 
from your account during this statement period. 
3. Use the chart to the right to list any deposits, transfers to your account. 
outstandilg checks. ATM withdrawals. ATM payments or any other 
withdrawals (including any from previous months) which are listed in 
your register but not shown on your statement. 
ENTER 
A. The encing balance 
shown on your statement 
S 
ADD 
B. Any deposits listed in your 
register or transfers into 
your account which are not 
shown on your statement. 
CALCULATE THE SUBTOTAL 
(Add Parts A and B) 
r $ 
Tara S 
TOTAL $ 
SUBTRACT 
C. The total outstanding checks and 
withdrawals from the chart above 
 - $ 
CALCULATE THE ENDING BALANCE 
(Part A + Part B - Part C) 
This amount should be the same 
as the current balance shown 
your check register 
4. 
02010 weft Fenn Belt. NA. Al ryU)reenved Member FDIC. NMSR 10399801 
Number 
Items Outstanding 
Amount 
Total amount $ 
Sher. Sep - 0061181 
Street 03033 of 00000 
EFTA00591918

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591919.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591919.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXISTING FLOOR PLAN 
POCKET 00012 
ASSEMBLY 
NEW FLOOR PLAN 
POCKET DOOR 
ASSEMBLY 
OPEN OFFICE 
MASTER SUITE 
80El. 73,700 
FOR 
AIRO 
I New .1 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN BBJ 
OUPLICSi 
FOR FM MOVER OMER I. 
TYR FM 
ir tS 
WIRIGUT 
ORAN. LOAM 
1.117378B.1.1.1.1 
FREEr 
I of I 
OtreANT 
INIERWMOI.Jer INIIRIORA 
SME . 
rolormum are 
V. .60, 
EFTA00591919
--- PAGE 2 ---
MODIFIED FLOOR PLAN 
with open office 
POCKET DOOR 
ASSEMBLY 
POCKET DOOR 
ASSEMBLY 
OPEN OFFICE 
MASTER SUITE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN BBJ 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS 
PROPRIETARY TO INTERNATIONAL JET 
INIF-TSCRS. INC. 2110 MOLL 501 DEE USED. 
DUPLICATED. OR FURTHER DISSEMINATED 
FOR ANY PURPOSE OMER WWI DEW FOR 
%TIMM IT IS FLRNSEED. WITHOUT WRITTEN 
CONSENT OF INTERNAM:WM.11T INTERIORS. INC. 
international jet 
222, S-nroar.+Mut 
146.100.41.1.1.-41114,.. 
.290106.0.0.,..V.11179 
AC Tv.". 
BOEING 737.700 
29273 
I Rev • I 
11" 1: 
FLOOR PLANS 
ORMAN &DATE: 
04. 02.15 
MVO NO.: 
MEET. 
IJI737BEIJJE.FP1 
I of I 
SCALE: WA 
Telerwcas are within 
AO' 
EFTA00591920
--- PAGE 3 ---
MODIFIED FLOOR PLAN 
with open office 
POCKET DOOR 
ASSEMBLY 
POCKET DOOR 
ASSEMBLY 
OPEN OFFICE 
MASTER SUITE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN BBJ 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS 
PROPRIETARY TO INTERNATIONAL JET 
INTF_IDCR.S. INC. AND SMALL NOT SEE USED. 
DUPLICATED. OR FURTHER DISSEMINATED 
FOR ANY PURPOSE OTHER HINT TKA1 FCR 
WHICH IT IS FUME:IRO. WITHOUT WRITTEN 
CatSENT OF INTERNATIONALJET INTERIORS. INC. 
6"..p 
222, 
S-repone......./.,ut 
atm laani lAmArlha Amen 
international jel 
Rontortione..**Tork 11779 
. . . . .
. o .. . 
'LC TYPE- 
BOEING 737.700 
444 
29273 
TITLE: 
FLOOR PLANS 
Rov • 1 
DRUM. &DATE. 
04.02.15 
DWG NO.: 
IJI737BBJJE.FPI 
slat 
of 1 
SCALE: WA 
Telanwicall are within , J• .6CE 
EFTA00591921

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591922.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591922.pdf
----------------------------------------
T 8c P Pavers Inc. 
Estimate 
15511 Ocean Breeze Ln 
Wellington, FL 33414 
Phone 4 
Fax a 
www.tandppavers.co I
358 El Brillo 
Palm Beach, Fl 
janusz53@me.com 
(NY 
4/14/2015 
1751 
EIS 
Project 
Cost 
Total 
Tear out Concrete ... Remove and dispose of existing Concrete Squares in 
10.560.00 
Driveway and walks Approx 5,280 SF 
Concrete Sales 
Form and Pow Approx 330 4' x 4' Concrete Slabs with 2" 
space between each for Chatahocee Rock Approx 5,280 SF 
I C( I.. I. M(11 
150,000.00 
Concrete Sales 
Supply and Install Spray Deck Topping on all Concrete 
26.400.00 
Drain sales 
Approx 5,280 SF 
Town of Palm Beach might require a Palm Beach Drain 
system if required Price will Follow 
Brick: Paver Systems 
Color: TBD 
Shape: 
Border. 
Pattern: 
Penults will be charged at cost plus 475.00 (if required). 
Suitable water and electric must be available at job site. 
Foreman in charge of installation will not deviate from plans 
without a signed extra work order. My deviation from 
plans will be charged at $35.00 per ma hour. T & P will 
not be responsible for underground utilities, sprinklers, 
damaged tile or concrete during excavation. Plants, sod, 
irrigation. landscaping or anything not specified in this 
contract. Balance due upon completion of work. Please 
sign and return to us. 
Call Ron with any Questions, 561-436-4378 
Total 
S186,960.00 
EFTA00591922

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591923.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591923.pdf
----------------------------------------
PATIOS POOLS DRIVEWAYS, INC. 
OFFICE # 561.488.5000 
PROPOSAL 
Dear Neptune LLC, 
Good day to you. Here is your proposal for work at the address listed below. If you decide to move ahead 
with the job and you agree with the terms below, then a contract will be prepared for you. Here is a 
breakdown of the services: 
-Driveway: 
Remove & replace up to 5o 4X4 concrete pads (All that are cracked or broken) 
Prep the surface area which may include pressure washing-acid washing-grinding, & crack 
preparation, we will apply a texture coating with color of choice to match existing marble step. We 
will seal the entire surface with a concentrated coat of sealer and slip guard. 
Cost = $16,800.00 
YEAR WARRANTY 
RESEAL EVERY 3 YEARS FOR $0.75 PER SQ. FT. 
RENEW WARRANTY 
Payment schedule TBD. Payments will be sent to the following address: 9825 Marina Blvd. Suite loo-G, 
Boca Raton, FL 33428. If you have any questions or comments, please call Roger ® 954793.5526, the 
office @ 561.488.5000 or email us back. Have a good rest of the day. 
Regards, 
PPD 
Airof our work is pelformedulthe 
highest quality mania& craftsmanship. 
andanistic talent in this market. 
Mof our workis perfortneln/ the 
highest quality materials. craftsmanship. 
and artimc talent in Mu market. 
Date of document:
2Ol§s 
NAME 
Neptune LLC 
ADDRESS 
358 El Brillo Way 
Palm Beach, FL (No Gate) 
PHONE
561.818.8361 
EMAIL 
All of our work is 
performed with 
the highest 
quality materials, 
craftsmanship, 
and artistic talent 
in this market. 
LIC fiCGC152171.5 
EFTA00591923

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591924.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591924.pdf
----------------------------------------
Colorcrete cciund ccT: 
Colorcrete sealer is a unique blend of 100% acrylic resins that 
provides exceptional durability, abrasion resistance, and water 
resistance. Color sealer will leave a hard, semi-gloss film protecting 
interior and exterior concrete surfaces. Easy clean up with water! 
Colorcrete Standard Colors » 
OYSTER WHITE 
KOOL WHITE 
BUFF 
NUDE 
SANDY BEACH 
CLOUD 
CEMENT GRAY 
PEARL 
BATTLESHIP GRAY 
SMOKE 
GULL GRAY 
PEWTER 
CREAMY BEIGE 
SEMINOLE TAN 
TAUPE 
MAUVE 
TROPIC BUFF 
SLATE 
SEAFOAM 
LIGHT 
BUTTERNUT 
CHOCOLATE 
CHOCOLATE 
GOOD EARTH 
TERRA COTTA 
RED 
CORAL COVE 
CINNAMON 
Also Available: WHITE, BLACK and CLEAR 
ROSE 
REDSTONE 
Colors may appear different when applied due to variations in cement and 
method of application. 
EFTA00591924

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591925.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591925.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE TAX FREE ENTITY UNDER THE U.S. FLAG: 
A UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS EXEMPT COMPANY 
By William L. Blum, Esq. 
It will come as a surprise to many practitioners that the Internal Revenue Code provides an 
international tax planning tool with one very unusual feature: a corporate entity which enjoys all 
the non-tax advantages of incorporation in a United States jurisdiction, but without any federal or 
local income tax. The entity, known as a United States Virgin Islands exempt company, was 
authorized by the 1986 amendments to Section 934(b) of the Internal Revenue Code. Implementing 
legislation was thereafter adopted by the Legislature of the Virgin Islands. This article discusses 
generally how territorial tax policy is formulated, the historical and policy background of the 
exempt company provisions, their technical application and requirements, and their practical 
application as a tax planning mechanism for selected non-United States owners. 
I. Historical, Policy and Legislative Background 
Formulation of Territorial Policy and Territorial Tax Policy 
The United States has sovereignty over several offshore areas located in the Eastern Caribbean 
and in both the North and South Pacific Ocean. These offshore areas are usually referred to as 
territories or possessions. The most economically and politically important of these territories are 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, 
and American Samoa. Under the U.S. Constitution, Congress is responsible for enacting laws 
regarding the territories. For the most part, Congress has provided for each of the above territories 
to be self-governing: each has authority to elect its own governor and legislature; and each has the 
authority to enact its own laws except in the few areas where Congress has withheld, and retained 
for itself, such authority. Although rarely exercised, Congress also retains its Constitutional power 
to invalidate laws enacted by territories. 
Congress also assists the territories in meeting their budgetary and fiscal needs. Generally there 
are three methods used to accomplish this: (1) continuing appropriations which are often tied to 
particular federal tax collections or other indicators; (2) annual appropriations that are either tied 
to specific projects or which may be applied by a territory to its general budget; and (3) 
participation in various federal programs which are specifically made applicable to the territories. 
While the levels of assistance in the second category were substantial historically, in the budget 
conscious years of the late seventies and eighties, the amount of assistance in this category has 
been steadily reduced and is now minimal. As the agency primarily responsible for holding the 
territorial purse strings, particularly in respect of the federal appropriations in the first two 
categories listed above, the Office of Territorial and International Affairs ("TIA") of the U.S. 
Department of Interior is generally responsible for most areas of territorial policy making and 
territorial-federal relations. TIA also has a separate budget for technical assistance grants to the 
territories which are typically used for such projects as computerization of territorial records or 
implementation of improvements to territorial government accounting systems and the like. 
Aside from these direct responsibilities in overseeing federal expenditures for territorial projects, 
EFTA00591925
--- PAGE 2 ---
TIA's role in territorial policy making also extends to advocating positions with other federal 
agencies, and with Congress, which are favorable to the territories. TIA's success in such efforts 
with other agencies usually depends on the significance of the issue involved and the relative 
political power of TIA or the Department of Interior as compared to that of the other agency 
involved. Of course, as the territories have gained political maturity, and particularly since they 
began electing governors in the 1970's, they have come to rely less and less on TIA's assistance 
with other agencies and have undertaken the responsibility to advocate their own positions directly 
with the agencies as well as with Congress. Again, the extent of a territory's self reliance (and 
success) in such areas can vary widely from issue to issue and from territory to territory. 
In the area of territorial tax policy, however, the relatively powerful Department of the Treasury 
(specifically the Assistant Secretary for Tax Policy) usually has the final say on the administration 
position. As a result, neither TIA nor the territories themselves have had substantial influence in 
this area, at least with respect to influencing the administration position. TIA's views are rarely 
expressed on tax policy matters, and, if they are expressed, they generally do not differ 
substantially from those of Treasury. While the territories themselves have, particularly in recent 
years, conducted a dialogue on territorial tax policy issues with the Assistant Secretary for Tax 
Policy, as will be seen below, their success, where it has come at all, has usually resulted from 
their direct contact with Congress. 
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 contained several provisions making significant changes in the 
income tax systems of the U.S. territories other than Puerto Rico. With a few exceptions, .934(b) 
being one of them, these provisions largely reflected the administration's tax policy toward the 
territories in the mid- 1970's to the mid-1980's, as expressed by the Treasury Department. This 
policy consisted of three main elements: maintaining or increasing territorial income tax revenues 
so as to reduce reliance on federal finding sources, elimination of fraud and abuse, and 
elimination of the so-called "mirror systems" of territorial taxation. All three of these elements are 
reflected in the Tax Reform Act of 1986 provisions relating to Guam, American Samoa, and the 
Northern Marianas, as well as the U.S. Virgin Islands, but the provisions relating to the U.S. Virgin 
Islands are substantially different from those which apply to the other three territories. In short, the 
Virgin Islands has retained the mirror system but has enacted special provisions allowing the 
elimination of tax on companies that meet certain relatively simple requirements, while the other 
territories are considering enactment of entirely new tax systems. 
The 1986 legislation relating to Guam, American Samoa, and the Northern Marianas was almost 
solely a reflection of Treasury's tax policy toward the territories and was both proposed and 
enacted without a substantial amount of either support or objection from these territories. The 
difference in treatment for the Virgin Islands is primarily a result of that territory's mostly 
successful effort in the early 1980's to influence the federal formulation of territorial tax policy 
relating to the Virgin Islands. So that the Tax Reform Act of 1986 provisions relating Virgin 
Islands, and particularly to Virgin Islands exempt companies, may be put in the proper historical 
and policy context, a brief outline of the Tax Reform Act of 1986 provisions applying to the other 
three territories follows. 
EFTA00591926
--- PAGE 3 ---
Guam, American Samoa, and the Northern Marianas: 
No Quick End to the Mirror Systems 
Very generally, for the purposes of United States taxation, the Tax Reform Act of 1986 treats 
corporations organized in Guam, American Samoa and the Northern Marianas as foreign 
corporations, while individual U.S. citizens resident in those jurisdictions are taxed by the United 
States on their worldwide income except that income from territorial sources is exempt. While not 
directly eliminating the mirror systems in these territories, this legislation clearly encouraged their 
elimination by suggesting that the respective territorial legislatures adopt new tax systems to 
replace them. To date, however, none has done so. Guam which has recently drafted a proposed 
new tax code which would replace the mirror system appears to be headed in that direction 
American Samoa has locally adopted the mirror system as its tax law; and the Northern Marianas 
continues to use the mirror system along with a special rebate for residents. 
The new rules contained in the Tax Reform Act of 1986, and any new tax law to be adopted by one 
of these territories, will not take effect until the effective date of an implementing agreement 
between the territory and the United States; in the meantime the mirror systems continue to operate. 
The implementing agreement is designed to facilitate the sharing of tax information and the 
elimination of double taxation, and to end any evasion or avoidance "permitted or facilitated" by a 
territory. Of the three territories to which these provisions apply, only one, American Samoa, has 
an implementing agreement that is in effect. The effective date of Guam's agreement has been 
indefinitely delayed to provide the Guam Government additional time for approving a new tax 
code, and the Northern Marianas has never approved an agreement. 
In theory at least the 1986 legislation relating to Guam, American Samoa, and the Northern 
Marianas was to have encouraged these territories to move significantly toward Treasury's goal of 
disentangling them from the perceived problems and abuses of the mirror system. In so doing these 
territories and their taxpayers would be treated for U.S. tax purposes almost identically to foreign 
countries and foreign persons, respectively. Whether or not the mirror systems actually caused 
territorial revenue shortfalls or abuse problems, or whether perhaps their elimination was 
proposed for these territories so that Treasury could avoid the need to deal with several recurring 
mirror system administrative problems, the mirror systems certainly have not yet been eliminated, 
notwithstanding Treasury policy and the Tax Reform Act of 1986. In the meantime, the details of 
any new tax systems for these three territories has not yet been determined. 
U.S. Virgin Islands: Mirror System "Repair" and New Opportunities 
For a variety of reasons, during the consideration of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, the Virgin 
Islands took a more pro-active stand than did its sister territories. First, the Virgin Islands wanted 
to ensure that a politically significant local policy, that of maintaining substantial local control 
over the administration of the Virgin Islands tax system, was not abrogated in the federal 
legislation. The Treasury Department, on the other hand, was very concerned that a 
well-publicized loophole, known as a "Section 28(a) company", would be legislatively 
eliminated; the Virgin Islands Government had no objection to this, but was concerned that its 
views as to accomplishment of this goal be given consideration. Third, as a policy matter, the 
Virgin Islands took the position that, so long as federal authorization was in place to allow 
EFTA00591927
--- PAGE 4 ---
elimination of certain inequities and administrative problems, the mirror system ought to continue 
as the territory's tax system. Finally, the Virgin Islands viewed the Tax Reform Act as a vehicle for 
the expansion of its financial services industry -- specifically, that it should contain provisions 
authorizing the establishment of tax exempt companies in the territory. 
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 contained three major substantive changes relating to the Virgin 
Islands: the loophole closing provisions referred to above, a new code section substantially 
eliminating most of the adverse effects of the mirror system on individuals, while retaining the 
mirror system generally, and the provision authorizing the establishment of the U.S. Virgin Islands 
exempt company. Of major importance to the Virgin Islands Government was the fact that it would 
be permitted to continue to administer its own tax system without federal interference, and that the 
system would still be the mirror, but now an "improved" mirror. Unlike the treatment accorded the 
other territories, the maintenance of the mirror system was seen by the Virgin Islands as a means of 
continuing a familiar (albeit admittedly complex) system, with familiar forms, regulations, and 
rulings, and without the need to endure the political and economic upheaval that could be wrought 
by having to write a new tax code. 
The first mirror improvement is that for the purposes of individual taxation, the United States is 
deemed to include the Virgin Islands and the Virgin Islands is deemed to include the United States. 
This change alone eliminated a substantial portion of the administrative and interpretative 
headaches for both taxpayers and the respective tax administrations. For example, prior to the 
enactment of these deeming provisions, U.S. citizens had been treated for Virgin Islands tax 
purposes (disadvantageously, in most instances) as if they had been non- resident aliens, but the 
new provision restored their "tax citizenship." 
The other most significant mirror system improvement was the provision authorizing exempt 
companies: The strict mirror rule that a Virgin Islands taxpayer must pay the same amount of tax as 
his counterpart in the United States, was eliminated for the first time since 1960 in respect to 
income from sources outside the Virgin Islands and not effectively connected with a trade or 
business in the Virgin Islands. This broad authorization of tax reductions for non-U.S. source 
income, was designed to provide a new "product" to stimulate the growth of the financial services 
sector in the U.S. Virgin Islands and to provide the Virgin Islands government with a potential 
source of new revenue. 
The section of the Tax Reform Act of 1986 providing the authorization for Virgin Islands exempt 
companies could only become effective upon the effective date of an implementation agreement 
between the Virgin Islands and the United States. As with the implementation agreements to be 
adopted by the other three territories, the Virgin Islands implementation agreement is designed to 
facilitate the sharing of tax information and the elimination of double taxation, and to end tax 
evasion or improper avoidance. As the Virgin Islands was particularly eager to begin its exempt 
company program, it was the first of the four territories to negotiate and approve an 
implementation agreement. The Virgin Islands implementation agreement, along with the exempt 
company federal authorization provision, became effective on February 24, 1987. 
EFTA00591928
--- PAGE 5 ---
II. Benefits and Requirements 
Federal Benefits and Requirement 
The federal authorization for the establishment of Virgin Islands exempt companies is contained in 
Code section 934(b). This section excepts "qualified foreign corporations" from the section 934(a) 
prohibition against reduction in mirror system income tax liability by the Virgin Islands 
government with respect to income derived from sources outside the United States and not 
effectively connected to a United States trade or business. A corporation is "qualified" for the 
purposes of section 934(b) if it is a foreign corporation and if less than 10% of the voting power 
and value of its stock is owned by United States persons. A foreign corporation includes a Virgin 
Islands corporation. United States persons include U.S. citizens and residents, as well as 
corporations incorporated under the laws of the United States, any of the 50 states, or the District 
of Columbia. For the purpose of determining ownership by United States persons, the attribution 
rules of section 958 are to be applied. 
Any exempt company that meets the definition of a qualified foreign corporation under .934(b), and 
which is therefore eligible for the reduction in Virgin Islands mirror system income tax liability 
with respect to its non-U.S. source income, will be exempt from United States income taxes on 
such income under the rules generally applicable to foreign corporations under the Code. While 
earning U.S. source income will not necessarily prevent an exempt company from being eligible 
for the tax exemption with respect to its non-U.S. source income, the company will still be liable 
for tax on its U.S. source income. 
Virgin Islands Benefits and Requirements 
Shortly after the Tax Reform Act of 1986 was signed into law, the Virgin Islands Legislature 
approved legislation to provide for the establishment of exempt companies pursuant to the federal 
authorization. This legislation, known as the Virgin Islands Exempt Company Law, became 
effective on February 24, 1987, the date that the Virgin Islands implementation agreement became 
effective. 
U.S. Virgin Islands exempt companies must be incorporated in the Virgin Islands and are generally 
subject to the Virgin Islands corporation law. Because the Virgin Islands corporation law is based 
on Delaware law, it is familiar to many practitioners. The requirements generally applicable to 
corporations formed in the U.S. Virgin Islands are as follows: 
Minimum of three directors, none of whom need be resident. 
Minirraun of three officers: a President, a Secretary, and a Treasurer. 
Registered shares only. 
Minimum capital of $1,000. 
Appointment of a resident agent in the Virgin Islands upon whom legal process may be served. 
Filing of an annual report and payment of the annual franchise tax. 
EFTA00591929
--- PAGE 6 ---
The Exempt Company Law provides that exempt companies are not subject to any of the following 
local taxes: 
Virgin Islands income taxes on all income from sources outside the United States and the Virgin 
Islands. 
Virgin Islands gross receipts taxes. 
Virgin Islands withholding taxes on dividends, interest and all other types of passive income 
paid to shareholders and other persons. 
An exempt company, other than an exempt international banking facility and an exempt insurer, 
also need not obtain a Virgin Islands business license. An exempt company may obtain a twenty-
year contract from the Virgin Islands Government guaranteeing that its tax benefits will not be 
reduced. 
In addition to providing for exemption from all local taxes except the annual franchise tax, the 
Exempt Company Law includes provisions designed to prevent persons engaged in local business 
from using an exempt company as a means of avoiding local taxes. An exempt company may not 
conduct business in either the United States or the Virgin Islands unless it qualifies as an exempt 
international banking facility or an exempt insurer. An exempt company which so qualifies may 
conduct business in the Virgin Islands if it obtains the appropriate license from the Commissioner 
of Banking and Insurance. The Exempt Company Law also prohibits Virgin Islands persons from 
both owning and controlling 10% or more of the stock of an exempt company; however, this 
restrictions does not prohibit a Virgin Islands person from having voting control of an exempt 
company so long as the person does not also own 10% or more of the company's stock. Thus, a 
Virgin Islands person may serve as a voting trustee of an exempt company. Finally, the Virgin 
Islands ownership limitation does not prohibit one exempt company from owning another exempt 
company. 
Exempt companies are required to file a simplified annual report form and to pay a flat annual 
franchise tax of $1,000. The annual report, which may be inspected by the public, requires 
certification of compliance with the Exempt Company Law (including its ownership requirements) 
and the reporting of the company's address and the names and addresses of its officers and 
directors. It does not require that stockholders be identified. 
Unless an exempt company earns income from United States or U.S. Virgin Islands sources, or 
income that is effectively connected to a trade or business in one of those jurisdictions (i.e., 
income which is not exempt from tax), an income tax return need not be filed with either the Virgin 
Islands Bureau of Internal Revenue or the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
Establishment of a U.S. Virgin Islands Exempt Company 
Organizing a U.S. Virgin Islands exempt company is simple and may usually be accomplished 
within one or two business days. A Virgin Islands company is established by the filing of articles 
of incorporation with the Office of Lieutenant Governor of the Virgin Islands and the payment of 
EFTA00591930
--- PAGE 7 ---
the incorporation fee. In the case of an exempt company, this fee is $400. The incorporation papers 
must be accompanied by a consent signed by the appointed resident agent of the company. 
To be eligible for exempt company benefits, a company must also elect that status. This is most 
easily accomplished by including in the articles of incorporation a statement to the effect that the 
company shall be considered an exempt company under the Exempt Company Law. 
After organization, the directors and officers should be elected and the minimum capital of $1,000 
should be paid in exchange for the company's stock While the identity of the stockholders is not 
required to be disclosed in the annual report or otherwise on the public record, the stockholder's 
identity may have to be revealed to the tax authorities in the Virgin Islands or the United States 
should the company ever be required to prove that at least 90% of the shares of the company are 
owned by persons who are not United States or Virgin Islands persons. Likewise, the 
implementation agreement between the Virgin Islands and the United States provides that any 
Virgin Islands corporation owned or controlled by a person whose beneficial ownership is 
undisclosed (such as through bearer shares) is to be treated as owned, to that extent, by United 
States persons. While no regulations interpreting this provision have been promulgated to date, 
regulations are anticipated which will provide that a presumption of ownership by a United States 
person may be rebutted if a local resident agent maintains records proving that the exempt 
company is beneficially owned by persons who are not United States persons and such records are 
made available to the tax authorities on proper demand. Failure to maintain such records, or to 
make them available, could result in the loss of tax exempt status. Of course, another way to avoid 
this problem is to ensure that an exempt company is not used in a corporate structure where any of 
the companies in the tiers above the exempt company are bearer share companies. 
III. Practical Applications 
General Considerations. 
In considering where and how to properly use a Virgin Islands exempt company it is essential to 
consider the benefits and limitations of this type of entity. The one benefit offered by an exempt 
company that can be obtained in no other jurisdiction is certainly the most important: the U.S. 
Virgin Islands exempt company is the only type of tax free entity which may be established under 
the United States flag. The need for an entity with United States nationality, therefore, will usually 
be a key factor in choosing a Virgin Islands exempt company and, as will be explained below, this 
status can prove beneficial in numerous ways. 
For some potential owners of Virgin Islands exempt companies, the most important trade off for 
United States status will be the inability to completely shield the identity of the beneficial owner. 
As explained above, while the owner's identity may be shielded from the public eye, it may be 
required to be revealed to the United States or Virgin Islands tax authorities in order to maintain 
the company's tax exempt status. Therefore, if complete secrecy is an important factor, then a 
different jurisdiction should be considered. 
The government fees for the establishment and maintenance of a Virgin Islands exempt company 
make it generally competitive with other offshore jurisdictions. For example, while it costs 
EFTA00591931
--- PAGE 8 ---
somewhat more in annual fees to maintain a U.S. Virgin Islands exempt company than a British 
Virgin Islands International Business Corporation, the cost is substantially less than the annual fee 
for a Bermuda company. Establishment and management fees will, of course, vary depending on 
the type of services desired. 
Special Types of Exempt Companies. 
The law provides for two special types of exempt companies Exempt International Banking 
Facilities and Exempt Insurers. 
Exempt International Banking Facilities 
The Virgin Islands Exempt Company Law established a new type of banking entity called an 
Exempt International Banking Facility ("EIBF"). EIBF's must be owned by a bank or bank holding 
company, which may, but need not be licensed to do business in the Virgin Islands. In the case of 
foreign owned banks which want to establish an EIBF, it is most likely that the corporate entity to 
be utilized will be an exempt company. 
The Virgin Islands EIBF law is patterned on the Federal Edge Act and EIBF's have the power to 
perform many of the same types of activities as do Edge Act Corporations. Most banking activities 
of EIBF's, however, may not be conducted with Virgin Islands persons. EIBF's powers include the 
power to borrow and lend money (but not to Virgin Islands persons); purchase, sell, discount, and 
negotiate notes, drafts, checks, bills of exchange, and other evidences of indebtedness; finance 
foreign exchange transactions; receive deposits from other than Virgin Islands persons; issue 
letters of credit, bonds, debentures, and promissory notes to other than Virgin Islands persons; 
purchase and sell securities; and "exercise such powers ... as may be usual in connection with the 
transaction of the business of financial operations in the places other than the Virgin Islands in 
which it shall transact business . . . ." 
EIBF's mist be licensed by the Lieutenant Governor of the Virgin Islands -- Division of Banking 
and Insurance; however, a streamlined licensing procedure is available to a stockholder bank 
which is licensed in the United States or which maintains its head office in a jurisdiction which 
subjects banks to a form of regulation substantially similar to that of a bank chartered in the United 
States. The annual license fee is US $4,000 and an annual report to the Division of Banking and 
Insurance is required. EIBF's which are established as exempt companies and are properly 
licensed by the Division of Banking and Insurance have the authority to conduct business in the 
Virgin Islands. 
Exempt Insurers 
Exempt insurers are also known as "captive" insurance companies. They are permitted to establish 
business operations in the Virgin Islands but may not insure Virgin Islands risks. They must be 
licensed by the Lieutenant Governor of the Virgin Islands -- Division of Banking and Insurance. 
Annual license fees range from US $3,000 to US $6,000. Exempt insurers are subject to a 
streamlined form of regulation by the Division of Banking and Insurance. The combination of 
minimal regulation and no income tax makes the exempt insurer an ideal alternative for foreign 
EFTA00591932
--- PAGE 9 ---
companies that would otherwise be considering self-insurance as a means of reducing insurance 
expense, especially if the tax law of the home jurisdiction permits the deduction of premiums paid 
to captives. 
While an exempt company is the preferred corporate vehicle for establishing a foreign (non-U.S.) 
owned exempt Insurance Company in the U.S. Virgin Islands, an exempt insurer may also be 
established by a United States person using a standard U.S. Virgin Islands corporation. However, 
it should be noted that changes in federal tax law in the 1980's, and the imposition of an excise tax 
on insurance premiums paid by United States persons to foreign insurers, have made it much more 
difficult for United States companies to take advantage of the tax benefits for which captive 
insurance companies were traditionally created. 
Offshore Investment Companies - General Applications for United States Virgin Islands Exempt 
Companies 
Aside from the specialized areas of banking and insurance discussed above, there are many other 
applications for U.S. Virgin Islands exempt companies. A U.S. Virgin Islands exempt company 
should generally be utilized, rather than an offshore entity formed in another jurisdiction, when 
United States flag protection is either desirable or essential to the purposes of the company, so 
long as the exempt company ownership requirements can be met. 
For example, foreign persons who want to register their aircraft with the United States Federal 
Aviation Administration in order to obtain an "N" registration number, must use an entity 
incorporated in the United States as the ownership vehicle and the entity must be controlled by 
United States persons. The only United States incorporated entity that is not subject to U.S. income 
tax is a Virgin Islands exempt company, malting it an ideal choice for this purpose. In order to meet 
the domestic control requirement of the Federal Aviation Administration regulations, a voting trust 
is usually created to hold the stock of the aircraft- owning exempt company. 
Another use for a Virgin Islands exempt company is as a holding company for assets located in a 
foreign country where there is a fear that the assets might be expropriated by an unfriendly 
government. Holding such assets through an exempt company would protect them from 
expropriation under United States laws and treaties. 
In various situations a foreign person may wish to obtain the benefits of a treaty of friendship, 
commerce and navigation ("FCN treaty") entered into between the United States and a third 
country. Prior to the availability of U.S. Virgin Islands exempt companies, such benefits could only 
be obtained by establishing a domestic corporation in one of the United States and suffering the 
attendant U.S. tax consequences. However, United States FCN treaties apply to the United States 
Virgin Islands (and companies incorporated there) -- but not to any other jurisdiction where 
beneficial tax exemptions are available. Therefore a non-American investor may establish an 
exempt company in the United States Virgin Islands to take advantage of the United States FCN 
treaty with a third country while avoiding any United States or U.S. Virgin Islands tax 
consequences. 
Another use for an exempt company is where there is a desire to have access to United States 
EFTA00591933
--- PAGE 10 ---
courts for dispute resolution. The United States courts located in the Virgin Islands generally have 
jurisdiction over disputes involving a company incorporated in the U.S. Virgin Islands 
notwithstanding the fact that its business activities take place elsewhere. 
Exempt companies are also useful as financing entities for foreign persons who are required by 
banks to keep accounts in U.S dollars in order to borrow money. This would be particularly 
appropriate if the country where the investment is to be made requires local entities to keep 
accounts in local currencies. 
Aside from the above specialized examples, numerous other uses may be developed for exempt 
companies. These include many of the uses to which offshore entities established in other 
jurisdictions have traditionally been put, such as the offshore accumulation of income from foreign 
investments in order to avoid tax on repatriation to the home country. They may also include, quite 
simply, situations where a company incorporated in another offshore jurisdiction, which is 
actively engaged in commercial activities, finds that its ability to do business with United States 
companies is hampered by the place of its incorporation. 
IV. Conclusion 
The United States Virgin Islands exempt company is a unique and useful international tax planning 
tool for a person (other than a United States person) who requires a United States entity for 
primarily non-tax reasons and who is not establishing the entity to shield his identity. The 
availability of the U.S. Virgin Islands exempt company for this purpose is the result of a concerted 
effort by the Virgin Islands public and private sectors to expand the Virgin Islands' economic base 
through legislative means. U.S. Virgin Islands exempt companies have numerous applications for 
foreign owners and their role in offshore tax planning is likely to expand as practitioners develop 
new applications and as the entities become more widely known and accepted in the marketplace. 
[Originally published in the Journal of Corporate Taxation, Autumn 1993 Edition] 
[Author's Note: This article has not been revised to account for certain changes in the USVI 
corporate law since it was first published. Please look to other resources for details especially 
with regard to EIBPs abd exempt insurers. WLB, December, 2014.] 
EFTA00591934

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591935.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591935.pdf
----------------------------------------
USVI EXEMPT COMPANIES 
MEMORANDUM 
Subject: United States Virgin Islands Exempt Companies as Investment Vehicles 
From: William L. Blum, Esq.' 
The United States Virgin Islands Exempt Company 
The United States Virgin Islands is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the 
Caribbean Sea near the island of Puerto Rico. Even though it is not a state of the United States, most 
U.S. federal laws apply in the United States Virgin Islands. While the federal tax law applies in the 
United States Virgin Islands, it is not administered by the Internal Revenue Service. Rather, it applies 
as separate local tax code known as the "mirror system" and it is exclusively administered by the local 
Virgin Islands Bureau of Internal Revenue ("BIR"). In 1986, the U.S. Congress granted the U.S. Virgin 
Islands legislature authority to allow the establishment of tax free companies in the territory. 
Implementing legislation was immediately enacted to provide for a tax- free entity known as a U.S. 
Virgin Islands exempt company. 
A U.S. Virgin Islands exempt company pays no U.S. or U.S. Virgin Islands taxes of any kind with 
respect to income earned anywhere in the world (other than in the United States or the U.S. Virgin 
Islands) except for a $1,000 annual franchise fee to the U.S. Virgin Islands government. Also, the 
stock of such a company is not subject to any U.S. federal or U.S. Virgin Islands estate, gift, or 
inheritance taxes if the donor/decedent is a non-resident non-citizen of the United States. 
For most U.S. source passive income earned by a U.S. Virgin Islands exempt company, such as 
dividends, most types of interest, royalties, and the like, the United States would impose a 30% 
withholding tax at the source. This is the same rate as would be imposed with respect to payments of 
such income made to companies incorporated in other countries with which the United States has no 
tax treaty. The U.S. Virgin Islands imposes no such withholding tax on passive income of a U.S. 
Virgin Islands exempt company. Capital gains earned by a U.S. Virgin Islands exempt company from 
the sale of U.S. stocks or other securities are not subject to tax in either jurisdiction. 
Requirements 
U.S. Virgin Islands exempt companies may be formed swiftly and inexpensively. The government 
'Mr. Blum is a partner with the law firm of Solomon Blum Heymann LLP which maintains 
offices in the United States Virgin Islands and New York City. He specializes in international taxation 
and was the draftsman of the United States Virgin Islands exempt company law as well as various 
other tax related measures. 
EFTA00591935
--- PAGE 2 ---
incorporation fee is $400 and service providers fees are reasonable. Incorporation can usually be 
accomplished within 24 to 48 hours. 
An exempt company must have three officers. None of the directors or officers need to be residents of 
the U.S. Virgin Islands. There must be at least a president, a secretary, and a treasurer. The president 
must be a director but the other officers do not need to be directors. The president and the secretary 
may not be the same person. One person may hold no more than two offices. If the beneficial owner 
does not wish to provide directors or officers, service providers can usually provide nominees. An 
exempt company must appoint a local resident agent for service of process. 
A U.S. Virgin Islands exempt company must have a minimum capital of $1,000 and a typical capital 
structure consists of 1,000 shares without par value. No bearer shares are allowed. U.S. Virgin 
Islands exempt companies are generally inappropriate for U.S. persons as such persons may not own, 
directly or indirectly, ten percent or more of the stock of the exempt company measured by either 
vote or value. 
Annual filing requirements are minimal. No tax return is required but a simple franchise tax return 
must be filed by June 30 of each year. The return requires the signature of the resident agent or an 
officer or director. The current officers and directors must be listed on the return but the shareholder's 
identity need not be revealed. 
Redomiciliation 
It is possible to relocate the domicile of a company formed in another jurisdiction to the United 
States Virgin Islands. This is usually accomplished by filing with the U.S. Virgin Islands a certificate 
of domestication and amended articles of incorporation, which will serve as the companis articles 
after the change of domicile, along with a copy of the memorandum and articles of association or 
similar document that created the corporation in its jurisdiction of origin. After filing these 
documents, along with a $500 filing fee, the foreign corporation is treated for U.S. Virgin Islands 
purposes as if it were established there. This technique is particularly useful for clients who have an 
existing offshore company in a jurisdiction, such as the British Virgin Islands, which permits 
outbound redomiciliations and who desire to take advantage of the benefits of a U.S. Virgin Islands 
exempt company without having to transfer ownership of assets from the existing company. 
Secrecy 
The only information on the public record for a U.S. Virgin Islands exempt company is the names and 
addresses of its officers and directors. The identity of the shareholders is not part of the public record. 
The U.S. Virgin Islands tax authorities may inquire as to the identity of the beneficial owner of an 
exempt company; however, such an inquiry would generally be for the purpose of determining 
whether the owner is a United States person and proof that the owner is not such a person can often 
be provided without revealing the owner's identity. Should a foreign government desire information 
about an exempt company which is not on the public record, its inquiry must be directed to the 
sovereign authority, that is, the United States government. (It should be noted in this regard that the 
U.S. Virgin Islands is specifically excluded from every U.S. tax treaty and nearly every tax exchange of 
EFTA00591936
--- PAGE 3 ---
information agreement to which the United States is a party. Also, the US. Virgin Islands does not 
have any tax treaties of its own). The United States government, in turn, would have to request the 
information from the U.S. Virgin Islands government pursuant to the administrative agreements 
which are in place between the two governments. The release of any information would be limited to 
the types that are covered by the agreements. While this arrangement by no means prevents the 
release of information to a foreign government, the information is not nearly so accessible as it would 
be in the case of two countries which have in effect a tax treaty or a tax exchange of information 
agreement. Of course, however, there can be no assurance of absolute secrecy and a US. Virgin 
Islands exempt company is not recommended if such an assurance is required. 
Further Information 
For further information on the use of U.S. Virgin Islands exempt companies as investment vehicles, 
general information on exempt companies, or advice or assistance with respect to the formation of a 
U.S. Virgin Islands exempt company, please contact the author as follows: William L. Blum, Esq., 
Solomon Blum Heymann LLP, 40 Wall Srrrrr ts^Flnnr 
5; e-mail: 
wblum@solblum.com; telephone 
Originally published August 9, 2010 
Revised December 15, 2014 
EFTA00591937

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591938.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591938.pdf
----------------------------------------
Charter Sales Contact: 
Associated Aircraft Group, Inc 
charter@flyaag.com 
ASSOC,A7E0 
AIRCRAF1 
GROUP 
Quote for Aircraft Services 
Quoted For: 
Freedom Air 
Quote Number: 
6643 
Contact: 
Visoski, Larry 
Date Quoted: 
Jul 2013 
Address: 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
Phone: 
10022 
USA 
Aircraft: 
SK-76C+ 
Fax: 
Tail #: 
N7679S 
Email: 
Date of trip: 
Jul 2013 to 31 Jul 2013 
LEG 
DATE 
ETD 
DEPARTURE CRY 
ARRIVAL CITY 
ETA 
PAX STAT MILES 
ETE 
TLC 
Jul 2013 
12:21pm 
POUGHKEEPSIE. NY (KPOU) 
NEW YORK. NY (6N5) 
12:45pm 
00:24 
Jul 2013 
1:00pm 
NEW YORK. NY (6N5) 
ISLIP. NY (KISP) 
1:18pm 
00:18 
Jul 2073 
2:15pm 
ISLIP. NY (KISP) 
RED HOOK. NY (HBAR) 
2:51pm 
00:36 
Jul 2013 
7:00pm 
RED HOOK. NY (HBAR) 
NEW YORK. NY (6N5) 
7:30pm 
00:30 
Jul 2013 
7:45pm 
NEW YORK. NY (6N5) 
POUGHKEEPSIE. NY (KPOU) 
8:09pm 
00:24 
351 
02:12 
QUANTITY 
RATE 
AMOUNT 
Aircraft Charter 
02:12 
4.950.00 /hr 
10.890.00 
Fuel Surcharge 
02:12 
400.00 
880.00 
Standby 
01:00 
1.000.00 Air 
1.000.00 
SUBTOTAL 
11770.00 
H6N5:Landing Fee 
600.00 
1.200.00 
KISP: Landing Fee 
65.00 
65.00 
Segment Tax 
3.90 
117.00 
SUBTOTAL 
14.15100 
Federal 
1.052.63 
GRAND TOTAL 
$15,204.63 
By signing and returning this Quote for Aircraft Services you are agreeing to Associated Aircraft Groups 
Terms and Conditions of Aircraft Charter. 
Approved by name: 
Signature.
Company Name: 
Date: 
AAG, Inc. 
(eag_quote - Rev. 3.8.5) 
PRINTED: 31 Jul 2013 10:46 
EFTA00591938
--- PAGE 2 ---
Charter Sales Contact: 
charter@flyaag.com 
Associated Aircraft Group, Inc 
Quote for Aircraft Services 
ASSOCIATED A IR C 
GRCU
Quoted For: 
Contact: 
Freedom Air 
Visoski. Larry 
Quote Number: 
Date Quoted: 
6643 
Jul 2013 
"VMS ANIWOralITIONS Oa 
rf CIIA kit! 
EY samaiinj Sc Chan bonlinjConfmnawn WV art admiral. a nevem to the relloverat mitts ad o.4slitims (de 'Tents ,W CoNll.Mla Ira Cann. AwXlsic4 NN' OM. IM 
Dela 
fit Ilex Thais ad C:tradawns mka 
(want celannse earriresthe Kaman mats Asa Wdefirwi as Micron 
"Ana" 
mama mad o halt is dm *Lauf of Oa Chan Aafarikel. 
"Carrot" mons AssonanIAiraili Glow. he a <manna barns a she leaf a Sc Dridas Canty Anal. 32 Griffith Way. Traffeeetn 1Mb. NY 12393 
Therkr IMMm fae aunty of an dell aA RIM new by the Cana to theChaim Ise the prepaid Vail awvollaplo 
Flikah1Salwdalw 
'Tharkan" num. 
waradaa pawn. norm, Ut ismchalennt. it agoxna br chars M Alma Iran the Caner. 
"(Take Antornant" Tent any anima pal Plum, the Carnet and the lianas Ire the Chao of Sc Anna Item Sc Cana a ak<OfiSatHS wnh be Claw Boa:at Cadmium. what shall be abart to there Terms 
Cenhions. 
"Char.. thralIrm Cuallnandoe meat the dearth of& Clines Apemanberm. Fe Can ad the dun.mathgth 
fliMA Scbethde as Olen Tenw. and Conhltarc 
"Canto Price" waw the year male In roe Clamp for theChan a aenfal a at Cara Swam, Coal. arum hadm rruy be Wasted III aWfdalAC nth Oat Tana ad Cadsteml. 
"Thdhl Sebald*" mean dm AO,. or ay anon of theta awed brines the Cann and the Chaneyer ad as um cur m IM Chan Bodnar Calinnahrn I noluelat yhat. 4 denture yhet. 4 de4aitaba any Agana 
MM. diptetillt araf anal tan,want tomes and any aWlilicasl ea nullify wake. of !WPM io be Vera./ bY the Cann/. ono 
"tent Maltart" seas any fame ftesaning the Came Mtn penman ay or all of ea nblaratas Much orna from or 
alinholable to ts
 earns. caranias of widens aloof Ira rotonak antra 4 the Cana 
nalarhan. xnhw Itenuramt Stan. Wart. or oda mammal Apnea (whether awe/hag the Cane, outlaw/ a 
any rots id ial pay,. at 
of 04 twat 
ac raft nano. OilTflISIPX In and lath rota arty 
mpathle Paean 
dotnear SOYSTIVKILII nadtion er roan arlother 
int II (fines 
W maid. Mrs. non. acoldnent <4 Ina hairy. of maw!) sotItT.Taict 
CillaISSESS1 
2I Th Cana full ItewJe for Sc Chasers we. the Nara Ruud and mpayred for the polonluett of the Illati Mad* 
TIC Carn“ All tra al Matra* dans to Conine Sc 'IMO Stilf Jilt in wwwluww ash Sc OW0 Pookira Caltmutim liellikiat a peonnia by afalnare ho end alai.. reptilian. ImoldO/. 
tan the 
Cana sWl te naiad to death Man Sc Plied SCiable, SWAMI Wight,. II n amts, 
in as sale &atom ea nth awn is torsnaly neetnny la the earn tat be Camel *Pans Irma da Hitt &110/M0 in 
aawjaaerM Orr Pa aerial II my matbaul e‘paser Osaaeby fa, for Imlay. hstrany. naraalma. nomad Napa envoy. ontona nal anal seedy/. t shit ti the truarruhrla 
(Tunny 
The dn./non' ac Annan rain dull undI tame. le foal In royal of aY latta mranamal innra 
alltabilanitalallit. 
II 
Shedd dry Aural An any wawa °Alt 
berme a 
eller the rauneaanea of the Hi*, Scholia:et bonne nranble W waintaws, ov nohow:ay all if pal of Poe AMA Sthaule. die Canter ma. in
 4sundam 
f *COM of er Mac Waal of the ,amt of statist ary and Sc row halls of Sc (later naeramt fain yob WWII) babe Mallorca anal,
II WI ay ham Sc Antra is arena loan any *Wall or donterioa shorn a da Moja SOW.* as auger at/11M. the Carnet trill be *ma& in hay ornabol oith as oarsman mkt Sc flint Anson ram 
' Saila ...bee= aura' untenlistenhiv te ham of the Ilya &Ankle. 
I 
Petave Ceased In 4 barterer 
di 
II the polonntore 
the Flight Satoh* n artsvaal el delayed by ay at et salmon 4 Sc Outface er ayetx max as OWnol a WIN ml its hall 11MIWW1f. tritha hasamm. any Malian antra ha tw rot 
S aguia a einboal by the wacdalol *paw tract Ilw Caner ,,Y) al et. shah &aware. art walnut hartha 
6.1.1 *pa m ...WAN wthnsi hada: in or lot any porayerr Da carnal. a 
all debn &flame los red mina ita. Chain haw in which 'At Ow Cimino aril be hate funk alaborrel tam of ac alhionsl one se lac trona rahrha elvret ran Ilya I in (Ann 'ISimina( nnaL.
a the ClUlltlitf. i.W and 4 a. parmans. la noredo i0 W4112•41g 
tIldedgalfl AM, Onl titan 
rte, Ira seleJard deplane be. the Cam dull any be upon. al neurally era Chain A ',maw oaf the Dar wit, 
shall he luck I.e as tamed/ion eta ga wine* in Pausath l haw 
Usaaamairlianar. 
A the yam of asty •sraam 4 eh ROM I &bead( al the CluilmaY reepesL die Cann shall ow mama./ cloth to areratanfrie wit ranai.. be* is mkt an 
hi ammoniac ado Vital,. 
If the CiTa 
arommus1 nes the (Tartan's roaont,11.Chnier shallNy1ot an) ,Mind flying al Nall., use hi Sc Canla's roan pablr/WO 4ball(a faros pit ha lath/ ARMCO] 
fatlAtuass 
Al lhe Chino Pee ialohs ad saran °wan oats Ice the arced Her &1St 
intiber we* all Ina Nab Sc OCCIMal of a 7 n 
Pedahl Eanre Tat 11 110lHaWl. left° awl scrap than, W Ira Cana al Sc Ilni 
of IS9ac of 4w Cianw ewlinj Vollireano. 
Ada nee* thst irate are are massed .mare adilanlll COSIS to the Carnet in CCatallon serie kis wilorinvia nab m otrlipalitn. wA ex (lane. Sc Clerk' may flea & miff 
of much onctran wilt Chaim ad the anon Playmate by the Mann shaman. uturdnay.
Uttar marrow wind on ottani In the Caner. ay as Charon m well a man, Canna rill he saran to YTS.. tilallkiins. cards mar ad 'mond in mundane war Carocer mum ends adeurnionon 
PairY 
The Carnet dull guy the mwxt WWII/ al aathcate has ova* ihny 
fusion. das of *a &vet ita mom/ re a abaci to r redo avowal as releterred n Parana. 
dart 
II Ira Cheerer facets die Claim dui amersat 4 the Chart Pax ralatmo, in Parapath ?labor .till biome innwaniely die atd payable 
AI Mantra *hall be mac in vnow slots Dons .nsom alma ikOniita 
At 
II Sc (hand lags 10 pay oS Sc On • hie any sling& eta,11 a mate to dm Cana wan the Chart Ana (mot then nth wand Amami 'lull he* lettfcg limn lin doe Esc trail meant is tae in lull. a Sc hat of 
I b11. far math WM rer arata) or Sc fratirnm arrant formalby la 
Al 11 the Chant" Okra le Ny ra) alruml due with a Credit cad to anordarat oah Camel's Antonioni toCluese °eat Cral Ina. Sin Cliancfa will WI/ an admiustranv Ise 44% of As mamma (ewe 
• 
CantellatInaltallarlent 
?Iambic piny may. eon awlia men nit 
<amyl the Chao top to sway. ion cmlowKw to Sc sdaddol *paw are 
MG, Inc. 
(aeg_quote - Rev. 3.8.5) 
PRINTED: 31 Ju12013 10:46 
EFTA00591939
--- PAGE 3 ---
Charter Sales Contact: 
~Sin 
charter@flyaag.com 
Associated Aircraft Group, Inc 
Quote for Aircraft Services 
ASSOCIATED AIRCRAFT GROUP 
A $ficrtecy CONOWY 
Quoted For: 
Freedom Air 
Quote Number: 
6643 
Contact: 
Visoski, Larry 
Date Quoted: 
Jul 2013 
Shield Ile Chelan tan the Clan in annlatre nib Panty* 7 I now. Cameo slain whey tbe (liana of ay adman non mewed in edam he de Nana and Jae Chinn Mal make [myna« ke aVa 
e Winn in ant
.< M 
Pangnp% C.3 .Ane 
Clnallailtil try Se Chamfer m ler ban nary re I24) bars amnia name den to ne %tented detainee Sr nil reel a lit 
OW INN dr ennegre 
WI 
No Attica° dwo 
Kan ol 4 Char Paw. 
ib) 
lø San 24 beam wire` 
. 
heryl nine Chan Pen 
• but inn dun we I II net May seaktof Lae al *Panne 
I 
Banal and I linanin a Cantu» 
8.1 lte pnlu N ter: Aron dull haw ~Cur discenier 
III Infant any }award an heitlenr,
ICU Wider& clue load Nary le caned on dr Arena and bro dread he nankin.. 
8.I.3 »dank .44.4 • and okra a Ilista nay be wkly and hall> ~high 
Mi *tenant elite atd WKS ihe Ann* 
tr laldetad 
815 In rann el all Ina«, reheat lo elte ryas* a ne ~COIL 
b ine twit ilut 'be (lame is we <nap!~ in auk ee in pan lot shy e/ 4 nese masers. Creamer dull MM an Wail«, le 4 (lumen TIM Chamfer shall be heidi lo pay we all e grins Wined Iry the Cale, in 
(omulla Ula the Minn at4 lasun run el alt 
drrienned III ay 1. lhe Can *warn. a in Se (heir Pew and mbied anent, tat and payale under this Navin K2 nil be lad in 'be 
Jane »lam me. 
blaUl/IX 
The Conn shell moron a lull knead din, Minim ikons ci Or Chmul Or ~Inf. lateafte 
9I an air in nail ane ~rail hall. 
(annal kudy abreact inand 
epniela 
die Arend] 
E2CLCSIICI. 
The Can« dal we be *end in be in Mean el the Omer Agunwei. or Merunse hank in the Oaten, n any magnet Winarn la an laden or delay in Mining ss 'regain. 
fl inty AVeellWil die to 
Fare Mmease 
la he 
ø 
kaa Or Mean B. 
omejlelnl n nbrh ut In pel fn any mats recling liens hew Mane. the Cunene dull be balk a> pay be all earnsn maned by ilec Cann n caurciein nib tee 
Chart and Inabpm a4 (Tanet /pi In bra pry lonr.O1 
ad) lbe Cana* ~wan a  w 
C" ,e, Pnee ens read allna due ..•4 lahree "I 
be rd m4.lunFal <" mene. 
II 
&Sat 
The Channef NJ in, be Moiled Wania IN. Mall'« any adreed Claw or (lance &McMinn a any alla~nuliltalibf *aka tara el 'be Cann 
Stud" 
In 4 ettul Obi ay own meet et the pentanes of lb: China Apemen 1 e1Seer. tee de anima a dealt line Tents ad Corinna dull foe any ream te hell la te *nand. Neal. n oneetneetle. 4 
remised 
Nonni, a Pr Clime Apumeu nail be induced am, «4 ~aka *gel. et weaken** ~on 
Nall be Mare,  lya  inn" 
Nainatle Newnan. MNb. bent rain hid. end urfaut. 
<ran «sea In ihe 
~ea 
glebe Mw^ enilnlwrip Ihe invadrbryiel. or unifineade rennin 
Xvileck. 
Any 'nil tare co be onm mike in Chew, Ametemem dd lw animal if “e1 by «NOW meal, onmareuul wane,. (maanate 
cavil. n eecb saw .• min antra. fawn& ameba on crud dikauteon 
s 
be Chine, 
in
Pking (banan a). et srych one anta. la and: Hunkreac and aelleen asa haw Inn primes by llta« by Oita pay in Ube oihr pain 
la 
~MIS nM Il~table 
hrtIOnn 
Any Mania <1 ide Chow, Agnew«. tittle/um. IN de nentre 
Pan. new Tern ard Canna aka. if (tChibled a utalltacuth IA ay ,pilkub,ipai till 
a to unte wre n'wn. be Kennon in the en 
el rich 
pnnitabn e umnIrrceadny tenon rinlaceum the ertramia (tonnes; bend Tn 'be tan MINIS try What* lea. eat et Or CVO« aid 'be Man« bera' nano,  re *tamen of aNdleable Inc ann. Mena 
way porn» hand inland. nml.nekkn ay want 
NaWatt 
No *lay et anemicre the actor a ennentat et any tiøai ea earn boar:Jet try end panY shed be Connind ar wren a net nfaa a  rend) 
Ad Knit" 
"Oh. • 
canned bann nall be anabine aJnn naiad,' evYune. aral s wSlebni he allurin men and need.. one. Sin prey pannear 
ta (wily 
iwes. abdomen ad anent< eca 
Id 
roallahludir. 
nu, Adman« dull be narrpiecoll in andare nil the inn brylin warn( et num.. rid the onsinrceen Onyx( Yawn be ximaimed by the lan et lie Shia or New Yen. 
d Sian of Amena wens need co n. 
Conn,. ol I iu pfonsai. 
hrlins. I IMITATION OF I MINIM" 
II .1 
tiuxte as ex pro.sly Mn 141 it d414 Inn. ad Cantinas. ihe Cairn ha. alldarn ad nit terrine .leatdadaJe ca. meal," glifaluts. alla«,. ~amen. ntereown awnis and anicanen shall we be liable co the 
Charter Ire ay Ins re donee el any lard whanaver Oahe, than don on penned erywy earner fen 4 
Carnal airs nedlipeaw n adllul mkmdall reladler of when= seek he. er claur 
longed in ocean 
a in rinaaditt 
m«
 Whiny « 
ol 
Waal, I. ariett 
a n canon aid the tican 
tie Chan« Ad/cream r 
lance. In 4 
cobtre 
dralr thew Tons N4 Canna» la ihe 
-.mane a duke. Or Gen«. Ye 'inhale.. ad dre roamer nambakn. natter anion. caner. nanwerh ninlown. non end «memo Ad net be liable in (Twine, (m mey lobiect nrlJ.vd. icoeul 
r eqnmul darn, ~a 
pincer damages el efe kind or allure cadet any oinntacd siren can al et it «fetal.' nab dac (hand 
ihe Chary A$I1Vetlen ImIWIN. lull the a onert el babe. dew Tenn,  ata1 
I/2 
The Cann beery «duks e ihe feller erna penniabk n len. all ornerier orann al winnings. ewerers lithe, Ikr dune an on en be Ounce Arran/en a naiad array. va nanny or Mama. 
whkhulfn na e tc lawn. nnI4 ncre try ihe benetr el de Ornate 
I/ 
The flannel tall a all km bad lank. ad ad:nun, ihe Cam. n areletin. end nee, enastne drawn. <awen emelo,m. awn and erect... ern ad arcane all clan d 
nano• limeade), k(n, lee, 
and con) in rani ol any nighty a ne Cann he Mid Funs linhang kne no honed to mweryen) he any low or (knew slant ea el any • toNalul 
nasal ol 
(limner. in nth,m, ,saws. cognac 
nr 
any parsenn awned by womanly of die Ounce, 
AAG. Inc. 
(aeg_quote - Rev. 3.8.5) 
PRINTED: 31 Jul 201310:46 
EFTA00591940

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591941.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591941.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gulfstream 
PRODUCT SUPPORT 
PROPOSAL 
Prepared for 
Presented by 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 5173 
Rusty Cramer 
JEGE, LLC 
Regional Sales Manager, Gulfstream Aerospace 
Mr. La, Visoski 
Gulfstream Proposal k 7037536 ROO 
July 2017 
EFTA00591941
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
PART I. Workscope Description 
A. Interior Refurbishment 
B. Avionics Cabin Electronics 
C. Mechanical 
D. Paint 
PART II. Contingencies and Assumptions of Proposal Offer 
A. Estimated Leadtime 
B. Estimated Downtime 
C. Pricing And Scheduling Terms 
D. General Contingencies 
E. Addendum To Proposal And Work Authorization Terms And Conditions  
PART III. Payment Terms and Remittance Instructions  
PART IV. Executive Summary and Proposal Acceptance 
EFTA00591942
--- PAGE 3 ---
..insircatii (.1 
r
k 
ID e 7037536 R00 
July 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 5173 
AGE, LLC 
PART I. Workscope Description 
A. INTERIOR REFURBISHMENT 
Not Requested 
B. AVIONICS / CABIN ELECTRONICS 
II
Not Requested 
C. MECHANICAL 
Not Requested 
D. PAINT 
1. Aircraft Paint 
1.1 Option 1- Full Paint 
$269,462 
The preparation and application of the exterior paint will be applied in accordance with the procedures and 
specifications outlined in the Gulfstream Aerospace Material and Process Specification (CAMPS 4000) and will 
include the following Customer specified elements: 
• 
The existing paint will be removed from the aircraft. 
• 
Composite surfaces will be scuff sanded to remove the gloss from the existing paint. 
• 
The main entrance Airstair door, Airstair door jamb, and baggage door jamb will be painted to match the primary 
fuselage color. 
• 
The inside of the landing gear doors will be painted with the same base color as the outside surface. 
• 
The landing gear will be cleaned. 
• 
Wing walks will be applied in accordance with approved data. 
• 
A new radome boot will be applied. 
• 
All antenna leading edges will have erosion tape applied. 
• 
Previously polished metal surfaces will be buffed. 
• 
The inside surfaces of the airbrakes will be painted. 
• 
Atter completion of the exterior paint, a weight and balance will be performed on the aircraft. 
• 
Any items not listed above will be quoted on a per item basis by the Gulfstream facilities Paint Operations 
Manager, including labor and materials on a Work Change Request (WCR). 
In addition to the paint specifications listed above, the following standard Gulfstream Aerospace Paint Specifications 
will be incorporated: 
• 
The existing paint will be removed from the aircraft. 
• 
Composite surfaces will be scuff sanded to remove the gloss from the existing paint. 
• 
The main entrance Airstair door, Airstair door jamb, and baggage door jamb will be painted to match the primary 
fuselage color. 
• 
The inside of the landing gear doors will be painted with same base color as the outside surface. 
• 
The landing gear will be cleaned. 
• 
Wing walks will be applied in accordance with approved data. 
• 
A new radome boot will be applied. 
• 
All antenna leading edges will have erosion tape applied. 
• 
Previously polished metal surfaces will be buffed. 
• 
The inside surfaces of the air brakes will be painted. 
• 
Atter completion of exterior paint, a weight and balance will be performed on the aircraft. 
• 
Any items not listed above will be quoted on a per item basis by the Gulfstream facility's Paint Operations 
Manager, including labor and materials on a Work Change Request (WCR). 
Page 3 of 13 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
TJAsm.c 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. Ape' 21.2017 
EFTA00591943
--- PAGE 4 ---
C1
ID e 7037536 R00 
July 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 5173 
JEGE, LLC 
PART I. Workscope Description (continued) 
D. PAINT (continued) 
1. Aircraft Paint (continued) 
1.2 Option 2 - Fuselage and Tail Paint 
$218,167 
The preparation and application of the exterior paint will be applied in accordance with the procedures and 
specifications outlined in the Gulfstream Aerospace Material and process specification (GAMPS 4000) and will include 
the following Customer specified elements: 
• 
The fuselage will be painted in a single customer selected non-pearl type color. 
• 
Two (2) aircraft registration markings will be applied. 
• 
The existing paint will be scuff sanded to remove the gloss from the existing paint. 
• 
Composite surfaces will be scuff sanded (where required) to remove the gloss from the existing paint. 
• 
The main entrance Airstair door. Airstair door jamb, and baggage door jamb will be painted to match the fuselage 
color. 
• 
The landing gear will be cleaned. 
• 
A new radome boot will be applied. 
• 
All antenna leading edges will have erosion tape applied. 
• 
Previously polished metal surfaces will be buffed. 
• 
After completion of the exterior paint, a weight and balance will be performed on the aircraft. 
• 
Any items not listed above will be quoted on a per item basis by the Gulfstream facilities Paint Operations 
Manager, including labor and materials on a Work Change Request (WCR). 
Note: This proposal assumes that the existing paint in all areas to be painted is in such condition that allows for the 
process of sanding and then painting. 
If upon evaluation by GAC it is found that the existing paint does not meet this requirement, stripping of the existing 
paint will be required. Consequently additional labor and materials will be required and addressed via Time & 
Materials. GAC does not recommend stripping of the fuselage only and cannot guarantee that the stripping chemicals 
will not adversely affect the existing wing paint. 
In addition to the paint specifications listed above, the following standard Gulfstream Aerospace paint specifications 
will be incorporated: 
• 
The existing paint will be removed from the aircraft. 
• 
Composite surfaces will be scuff sanded to remove the gloss from the existing paint. 
• 
The main entrance Airstair door, Airstair door jamb, and baggage door jamb will be painted to match the primary 
fuselage color. 
• 
The inside of the landing gear doors will be painted with the same base color as the outside surface. 
• 
The landing gear will be cleaned. 
• 
Wing walks will be applied in accordance with approved data. 
• 
A new radome boot will be applied. 
• 
All antenna leading edges will have erosion tape applied. 
• 
Previously polished metal surfaces will be buffed. 
• 
The inside surfaces of the airbrakes will be painted. 
• 
Atter completion of the exterior paint, a weight and balance will be performed on the aircraft. 
• 
Any items not listed above will be quoted on a per item basis by the Gulfstream facilities Paint Operations 
Manager, including labor and materials on a Work Change Request (WCR). 
• 
Any items not listed above will be quoted on a per item basis by the Gulfstream facility's Paint Operations 
Manager, including labor and materials on a Work Change Request (WCR). 
Page 4 of 13 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
TJA sire 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. Ape' 21.2017 
EFTA00591944
--- PAGE 5 ---
n.dl: i r ;iii 
. e.) .) 
ID a 7037536 ROO 
July 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 5173 
JEGE, LLC 
PART I. Workscope Description (continued) 
D. PAINT (continued) 
1. Aircraft Paint (continued) 
Composite Surfaces: 
• 
All composite parts will be scuff sanded to remove the gloss from the existing paint. Composite surfaces that 
exhibit pre-existing cracking, peeling, or extensive erosion may require strip sanding at additional expense. 
Composite components that require repairs over and above normal sanding will be evaluated and quoted 
separately. 
• In the event the Customer does not wish to approve the WCR from the paint manager to properly strip sand the 
composite surfaces due to the specified reasons, Gulfstream will not warranty adhesion of any newly applied 
primer or paint to composite surfaces due to a failing preexisting primer and paint system. 
Excessive Paint Thickness: 
Gulfstream Aerospace material specifications provides limitations on total paint thickness (MIL'S) which is critical for 
paint quality and long life. Surfaces that have extensive existing paint thickness may require additional steps to 
remove the existing topcoat. Depending upon the extent of the additional steps required, total cost and down time may 
be affected. 
Hazardous Waste Fees: The quoted amount includes the hazardous waste stripper disposal fee. 
Exterior Paint Warranty Provisions: 
All paint applications, excluding pearl (mica, pearl, and metallic) paint, furnished and installed by Gulfstream will be 
warranted to be free from defects of workmanship for a period of 1200 aircraft flying hours or two (2) years (whichever 
occurs first). This warranty does not apply to any normal paint erosion or wear caused by forces of nature. 
Gulfstream's liability covers repainting a part or parts at a Gulfstream facility. 
Deposit Prior To Scheduling: 
A non-refundable deposit of $50,000 must be received prior to the scheduling of an aircraft to be stripped and 
repainted. If a deposit is not received within fourteen (14) days after proposal acceptance, the slot will be forfeited. 
Deposits must be received in one (1) week it there are fewer than forty-five (45) days until induction. 
Page 5 of 13 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
TJA/smc 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. Ape' 21. 2017 
EFTA00591945
--- PAGE 6 ---
I ill:aln•:u'i 
. e.) e.) 
ID 0; 7037536 R00 
July 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 5173 
JEGE, LLC 
PART I. Workscope Description (continued) 
D. PAINT 
1. Aircraft Paint (continued) 
1.3 Exterior Paint Additional Options 
See Below 
The following optional items will be additional to the standard base paint price: 
Single Color Fuselage with A Pearl Type Paint 
$74,651 
Two (2) Tone Fuselage with Both Colors Being Non-Pearl Colors 
$13,901 
Two (2) Tone Fuselage with One (1) Pearl and One (1) Non-Pearl Color 
$37,325 
Two (2) Tone Fuselage with Both Colors Being Pearl Type Paint 
$88,552 
Two (2) Tone Tail 
$7,072 
Paint Tail with Pearl Paint 
$29,305 
Two (2) Tone wings 
$7,950 
Paint wings with pearl paint 
$34,678 
Add Additional Stripes with non-pearl paint (Each) 
$7,009 
Add Additional Stripes with pearl paint (Each) 
$13,761 
Upper Wing National Registration 
$5,191 
Lower Wing National Registration 
$5,191 
Temporary Registrations (Covers All Registration Markings) 
$2.418 
Additional flags (each) 
$4,268 
Additional Writings (Each) 
$5,191 
Additional Logos (Each) 
$6,369 
Paint Landing Gear 
$12,555 
Paint Gear Wells 
$40,666 
Apply Thrust Reverser Clear Coat 
$12,555 
Clean and Touchup Wing Rear Beam 
$24,815 
Paint the Boiler Room Door and Jamb 
$1,331 
Paint Inside the Engine Cowls 
$12,920 
Paint Inside of External Access Covers 
$12,555 
Strip Sanding of Composite Components 
$30,407 
Apply Protective Teflon Coating 
$7,875 
2. Photographic Documentation 
2.1 Photographic Documentation 
No Charge 
Photographic Documentation at no charge to Customer may be taken in accordance with the following agreement 
between the Customer and Gulfstream. 
Should the Customer like to participate in this Photographic Documentation, please review the following agreement 
and authorize by accepting this item on the proposal summary page. 
Agreement: 
Gulfstream reserves the right to photographically document the outfitting process and the refurbished aircraft. All 
Photographic Documentation is accomplished at Gulfstream's discretion. 
Gulfstream reserves the right to use in advertising, on the Gulfstream Internet sites, Gulfstream Videos, promoting or 
otherwise supporting the business of Gulfstream, including without limitation copying, reproduction, publishing in a 
Before and Atter coffee table book, in whole or in part, individually or in conjunction with other materials. 
The aircraft and ownership information will not be included in any public publication. 
Buyer is provided with the following photography after aircraft delivery: 
• 
One (1) electronic copy of aircraft photography 
Page 6 of 13 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
TJA/smc 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. Apia 21.2017 
EFTA00591946
--- PAGE 7 ---
wait' 
e )• 
 ) 
) 
ID a 7037536 ROO 
July 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 5173 
JEGE, LLC 
PART II. Contingencies and Assumptions of Proposal Offer 
Unless expressly stated otherwise in writing, this proposal and the Workscope pricing information included in Part I 
Workscope, (-Proposer) is based upon the following contingencies and assumptions associated with the activity and work 
required for the work scope defined in Part I Workscope (-Work-). Additional charges for any Customer-approved Work 
ultimately performed on Gulfstream G550 aircraft, Serial Number 5173 (-Aircraft"), which is beyond the scope of this 
Proposal will be billed on a time and materials basis, except as otherwise expressly agreed in writing between the parties. 
The term Customer shall refer to JEGE, LLC ("Customer) in this Proposal. 
A. ESTIMATED LEADTIME 
This Proposal provides for leadtimes. Leadtime is an estimate expressed in calendar days to allow for planning and 
scheduling of the Aircraft service visit. Leadtimes commence upon Gulfstream's receipt of Customer's signed Proposal 
and material callout selections. Leadtimes may be addressed by other relevant contingencies set out in this Proposal. 
B. ESTIMATED DOWNTIME 
This Proposal provides for downtime. Any downtime estimates included in this Proposal are based upon Gulfstream's 
general understanding of the time required to accomplish the work outlined in this Proposal. Said understanding is in turn 
based upon Customer satisfying any leadtime requirements. Estimated downtime may be adjusted depending on the final 
induction schedule and mutually agreed facility selected for completion of the Work. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
expression of downtime is only provided as an estimate. This estimate is not a contractual commitment by Gulfstream. 
Estimated downtime is stated in working days, defined as Monday through Friday, excluding applicable recognized local 
holidays. If additional Work is required beyond that specifically identified in this Proposal, then the estimated downtime 
may be extended by Gulfstream. Estimated downtime may increase or decrease depending upon the availability of the 
mutually agreed facility selected for completion of the Work. 
C. PRICING AND SCHEDULING TERMS 
This Proposal is contingent on all Work being accomplished during a single coordinated maintenance visit. 
The quoted prices contained herein are valid (i) if the Proposal is signed and returned to Gulfstream within ninety (90) 
days of the date of the Proposal, and (ii) the Work is scheduled to be accomplished at a mutually agreeable facility and 
time within six (6) months from the date of this Proposal, and within the same calendar year as the date of this Proposal. 
Gulfstream reserves the right to adjust the pricing in this Proposal it the foregoing conditions are not satisfied. 
Unless otherwise indicated on the face of this Proposal, any proposal for Work in a Gulfstream US facility is valid for each 
Gulfstream US facility. Proposals for work at any non-US Gulfstream facilities are specific and binding only as to the 
facility identified on the Proposal. 
Overtime: Gulfstream will not charge overtime for the Work required in this Proposal, unless there are (i) Discovered 
Discrepancies as addressed below, (ii) Changes documented on Work Change Requests (WCRs) as described below, or 
(iii) Customer requests to accelerate the estimated downtime for any Work. Customer must approve all overtime activity 
prior to Gulfstream performing and billing for overtime. 
Discovered Discrepancies: Except as specifically identified in PART I Workscope, this Proposal does not include repairs 
to the Aircraft resulting from discrepancies in the Aircraft (including without limitation corrosion) discovered during the 
performance of the agreed Workscope. All discovered discrepancies will be corrected upon request at additional charge 
and with additional downtime. This process is further described in the Changes (-WCRs") paragraph. 
Page 7 of 13 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
TJksmc 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. Apnl 21.2017 
EFTA00591947
--- PAGE 8 ---
t 'Ansi wan' 
ID v 7037536 ROO 
July 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 5173 
JEGE, LLC 
PART II. Contingencies and Assumptions of Proposal Offer (continued) 
C. PRICING AND SCHEDULING TERMS (continued) 
Changes ("WCRs"): This Proposal is subject to further financial and schedule modification, which will be documented on 
work change requests ("WCRs-) presented to the Customer for approval, if any of the following occurs: 
• 
Subsequent to the date of this Proposal, a relevant aviation regulatory authority or OEM (including Gulfstream) 
publishes any change in relevant technical documentation which affects the Workscope. 
• 
Additional billable work, which is not specifically delineated in the Workscope, is required to perform the quoted 
Workscope. This additional work may include by way of example relocation of existing aircraft equipment, beyond 
that already defined in the Workscope, due to space limitations. 
Consumables: There will be a 4.0% charge for consumables, to a maximum of $5,000, on all work orders containing 
labor revenue charges. This charge will be calculated based on the total labor revenue man-hours invoiced on the work 
order. Only invoices defined as 'Road Trip Invoice" will be exempt from this charge. 
CFE, Drop Shipments and Handling Fees: Customer furnished parts or equipment ('CFE") and drop shipments made 
by the Customer to Gulf stream will be subject to a handling fee of 15% based on current manufacturer list price of the part 
or item furnished. The handling fee will not apply to parts originally purchased from Gulfstream. Proof of purchase from 
Gulfstream must be shown to waive the handling fee. 
Third Party Vendors: Any estimates given for vendor parts, materials, or services provided to Gulfstream by outside 
vendors, whether for repair, calibration, overhaul, exchange or the like, are subject to adjustment based upon the actual 
charges billed to Gulfstream by such outside entity. 
Excluded fees, taxes, etc.: All prices stated herein are exclusive of freight, fuel, flight costs, environmental fees, and/or 
any applicable taxes. 
Exchange Services — Retention of Removed Equipment: Any parts exchanged as part of the Workscope, and related 
price adjustments will be governed by Gulfstream's then current parts exchange program. Except as specifically identified 
in PART I Workscope, equipment removed as part of the Workscope will become the property of Gulfstream. 
PlaneParts©: Except as specifically identified in a PART I Workscope. this Proposal does not take into account any parts 
r
ovided under Gulfstream's PlaneParts© orooram. To enroll or learn more about the PlaneParts() program please visit 
D. GENERAL CONTINGENCIES 
Requirement for Customer Furnished Records: This Proposal is based upon the Aircraft being in the configuration, 
and containing the equipment, as indicated in Gulfstream CMP records and any records supplied by Customer to support 
this Proposal. 
This Proposal is also contingent upon the Customer supplying, upon induction or within leadtimes, all avionic, electrical, 
system, interior or structural drawings, diagrams, analysis and records, which accurately represent the current condition of 
the aircraft ("Customer Records"), as approved by the relevant aviation authority, and which are required by Gulfstream to 
conduct the Work. 
Any changes which are required to be made by Gulfstream to the Customer Records, or due to the inadequacy of the 
Customer Records, in connection with the Work, will be subject to additional charges. These additional charges will be 
documented pursuant to the Changes ("WCRs") clause and subject to Customer approval. 
Page 8 of 13 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
TJA sirc 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. April 21. 2017 
EFTA00591948
--- PAGE 9 ---
'Ansi wan' r
l  
k 
e ) 
) 
I 
ID 0; 7037536 ROO 
July 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 5173 
JEGE, LLC 
PART II. Contingencies and Assumptions of Proposal Offer (continued) 
D. GENERAL CONTINGENCIES: (continued) 
General Exceptions: Except as specifically identified in PART I Workscope: 
• 
Aircraft Preservation: This Proposal does not include any preservation tasks related to the Aircraft, its engines 
or systems. Customer is responsible for making certain that all specific preservation tasks related to the Aircraft, 
its engines or systems, which are required or may become required while the Aircraft is at Gulfstream's facility for 
the Workscope. are identified on the Work Order. 
• 
Certification Basis: All Work to be accomplished by Gulfstream under the Workscope, assumes the Aircraft is 
operated in compliance with FAR Part 91 or the equivalent not-for hire operating rules of the relevant aviation 
authority. 
• 
Non-standard Equipment: Gulfstream is not responsible for vendor to vendor incompatibilities which may be 
discovered during the course of the installation. 
• 
Manuals — Modifications: Changes to the Aircraft's Completion Center Maintenance Handbook (CCMH) or 
Cabin Operating Manual (COM) are not included as part of this Proposal. Should a modified CCMH or COM be 
requested by the Customer, it may be provided at additional charge. Any changes to the Aircraft's Minimum 
Equipment List ("MEL") are the Customer's responsibility and are not included herein. 
• 
Access, Closure, Removal and Replacement: Access and closure, removal and replacement required to 
perform the Workscope are not included as a part of this Proposal. 
Touch-Up Paint: For aircraft with standard Gulfstream paint schemes (one (1) base color and two (2) stripes), the sealing 
and touch-up (by brush) of panels is included in the Workscope. Aircraft with non-standard paint schemes will be subject 
to an additional charge for the additional time required to complete the paint touch-up. 
Unused Wiring: Any existing wiring or tubing made obsolete by the Work will be capped and stowed. Wiring or tubing 
removal, if requested by the Customer, will be at additional charge. 
Termination after acceptance of Proposal: Unless the Customer has specifically directed otherwise, once the Proposal 
is signed and returned to Gulfstream, and prior to the Workscope being scheduled in accordance with Section C Pricing 
and Scheduling Terms, this Proposal shall be binding upon Gulfstream as to the prices set forth herein. All preliminary 
engineering materials and components ordered to support the Workscope, any labor expended, any restock charges 
incurred, and any other direct costs supporting the Workscope are chargeable to the Customer if the proposed 
Workscope is thereafter canceled by the Customer. If materials or components cannot be returned to their respective 
vendor(s), Customer will be billed in full for these items. In such case, the materials and components become the property 
of the Customer. If the Work is rescheduled for a later arrival, these charges will be applied to the rescheduled visit, as 
appropriate. 
Confidentiality: This Proposal and any related documents are strictly confidential between Gulfstream and Customer and 
will not, without the prior written consent of the other party, be disclosed by either party, in whole or in part, to any third 
party except to such party's accountants, lawyers, and bankers, and Gulfstream's suppliers, provided such third parties 
agree to confidentiality as may be necessary for either party to carry out its obligations or enforce its rights pursuant to this 
Proposal. 
E. ADDENDUM TO PROPOSAL AND WORK AUTHORIZATION TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Not Applicable 
Page 9 of 13 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
TJA srre 
GAC Rev. Apia 21.2017 
Return to Table of Contents 
EFTA00591949
--- PAGE 10 ---
ID # 7037536 R00 
July 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 5173 
JEGE, LLC 
PART III. Payment Terms and Remittance Instructions 
For customers with available credit, and except as set forth below, payment terms are net 30 days from date of invoice. Unless 
otherwise agreed in writing, for Work estimated to exceed One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00) but less than Three 
Million Dollars ($3.000.000). Customer agrees to make progress payments on the following schedule: 50% of the estimated 
amount prior to commencement of Work on the Aircraft, and final payment of the remaining 50% 30 days from the date of final 
invoice. For Work estimated to exceed Three Million Dollars ($3.000,000), Customer agrees to make progress payments on the 
following schedule: 30% of the estimated amount prior to commencement of Work on the Aircraft, 30% at the midpoint of the 
Work as reasonably established by Gulfstream. 30% 30 days prior to the date of projected delivery as reasonably established by 
Gulfstream. Additional deposits may be required for long-lead or special purchased pans, which are not refundable, should the 
visit be cancelled or work scope changed to eliminate those items. Additional deposits may also be requested if there is a 
significant amount of growth in the scope of the Work, including significant material costs. If any portion of an invoice is 
disputed. then Customer shall nevertheless pay all undisputed amounts per this schedule. In any and all cases. Gulfstream 
shall not be required to release Customer's Aircraft to depart if Customer's total outstanding balance owed to the Gulfstream 
Parties exceeds the lesser of One Hundred Fifty Thousand ($150.000.00) or Customer's available credit limit. All sums past due 
bear interest at the lesser of 1.5% per month, or the maximum rate allowable by law, plus reimbursement for attorney fees and 
other costs of collection. For customers without available credit, including those without open credit terms (cash in advance, 
cash on delivery. etc.). as additional items are added to the Work, additional progress payments may be required to continue 
Work on the Aircraft and all remaining outstanding balances must be paid prior to Aircraft departure. 
See the Work Authorization terms and conditions for further details on payment terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Gulfstream has been requested to perform Aircraft/Records and Condition Survey 
and/or other inspections associated with the Customer's due-diligence or appraisal inspection prior to closing of an 
aircraft sales transaction (together referred to as the "Pre-buy Survey") the following payment terms apply: Payment of 
fees and costs incurred for the Pre-Buy Survey are payable in advance of the inspection and/or any related activity being 
performed. Acceptable methods of payment related to the Pre-Buy Survey and supporting aircraft sales transactions include 
payment via wire transfer/ACH, certified check and Gulfstream accepted credit card. All costs incurred in remediation of 
discrepancies documented during the Pre-Buy Survey or required in conjunction with the supporting aircraft sales transaction 
are due immediately upon completion of the Pre-Buy Survey and all associated Work and prior to the departure of the aircraft. 
This Section III applies to all Customers. including those who have available credit. Prior to conducting any Pre-Buy Survey 
activities, the owner of the Aircraft subject to the activities must acknowledge its approval for the activities to occur, and its 
acceptance of the Pre-Buy Survey Work Authorization Addendum and hold harmless agreement and the payment terms above. 
Notwithstanding the Pre-Buy Survey payment terms above. Gulfstream maintains its right to assert a lien against the aircraft for 
any unpaid services to extent provided by applicable law. 
Remittance can be made to the following: 
CHECKS: 
aalstream Aerospace Corporation 
M. Box 730349 
14800 Frye Road 
Ft. Worth. TX 76155 
(Overnight) 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation (Box #730349 
c/o JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA 
Dallas. TX 75373-0349 
Attn: Dallas National Wholesale Lockbox TX1-0029 
WIRE TRANSFERS: 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA 
Bank One Plaza 
Chicago. IL 60670 
Account No. 10-15825 
Reference your Five (5) Digit Customer Number (XX-XXX) 
BANK IDENTIFIERS 
Fedwire Routing No. (ABA) 021 000 021 
S.W.I.F.T CHASUS33 
ACH Credit Routing No. (ABA) 071 000 013 
Note: Please reference the Quote ID Number and one of the following (as applicable): 
• Invoice Number 
• Sales Order Number 
• Job or Work Order Number 
• Aircraft Serial or Registration Number 
• Customer Account Number 
Page 10 of 13 
This proposal is confidential between Gulf stream and the Customer. 
TJAsmc 
GAC Rev. Apo' 21.2017 
Return to Table of Contents 
EFTA00591950
--- PAGE 11 ---
ID w 7037536 ROO 
July 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 5173 
AGE, LLC 
PART IV. Executive Summary and Proposal Acceptance 
Please select items in Accept/Decline columns. Once an item is accepted, the amount will auto populate the total. (Please 
note that quoted dollars and downtime may vary based on concurrent work with accepted/declined items.) 
A. INTERIOR 
B. AVIONICS I CABIN ELECTRONICS 
C. MECHANICAL 
D. PAINT 
(USD) 
Accept 
Decline 
a 
_Exterior Paint 
1.1 
Option 1 Full Paint 
$269,462 
1.2 
Option 2 Fuselage and Tail Paint 
$218,167 
1.3 
Exterior Paint Additional Options 
See Below 
Single Color Fuselage with A Pearl Type Paint 
$74,651 
Two (2) Tone Fuselage with Both Colors Being Non-Pearl Colors 
$13,901 
I 
Two (2) Tone Fuselage with One (1) Pearl and One (1) Non-Pearl Color 
$37,325 
Two (2) Tone Fuselage with Both Colors Being Pearl Type Paint 
$88,552 
j 
Two (2) Tone Tail 
$7,072 
j 
Paint Tail with Pearl Paint 
$29,305 
Two (2) Tone wings 
$7,950 
Paint wings with pearl paint 
$34,678 
Add Additional Stripes with non-pearl paint (Each) 
$7,009 
Add Additional Stripes with pearl paint (Each) 
$13,761 
Upper Wing National Registration 
$5,191 
Lower Wing National Registration 
$5,191 
Temporary Registrations (Covers All Registration Markings) 
$2,418 
Additional flags (each) 
$4,268 
Additional Writings (Each) 
$5,191 
j 
Additional Logos (Each) 
$6,369 
Paint Landing Gear 
$12,555 
Paint Gear Wells 
$40,666 
Apply Thrust Reverser Clear Coat 
$12,555 
Clean and Touchup Wing Rear Beam 
$24,815 
Paint the Boiler Room Door and Jamb 
$1,331 
Paint Inside the Engine Cowls 
$12,920 
Paint Inside of External Access Covers 
$12,555 
Strip Sanding of Composite Components 
$30,407 
Apply Protective Teflon Coating 
$7,875 
Photographic Documentation 
2.1 
Photographic Documentation 
No Charge 
QUOTED WORKSCOPE TOTAL BASED ON CUSTOMER ACCEPTED ITEMS 
'Default value is set to SO until Customer selections have been made above. 
Page 11 of 13 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. Ape' 21.2017 
EFTA00591951
--- PAGE 12 ---
odcsir,,,„„ lir 5. 5A) 
ID $r 7037536 ROO 
July 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 5173 
JEGE, LLC 
PART IV. Executive Summary and Proposal Acceptance (Continued) 
Schedule Planning 
Estimated Days 
Estimated Leadtime 
See Note 
'The above leadtime is an estimate expressed in calendar days to allow for planning and scheduling of the Aircraft service visit and will 
commence upon Gulfstream's receipt of Customer's signed Proposal and material callout selections. Leadtimes may be addressed by 
other relevant contingencies set out in this Proposal. 
Note: Estimated leadtime for paint is 42 calendar days. Please contact your Regional Sales Manager for paint slot availability. 
Estimated Downtime2 
Working Days 
2The above downtime estimate is based upon Gulfstream's general understanding of the time required to accomplish the work outlined 
in this Proposal. Said understanding is in turn based upon Customer satisfying any leadtime requirements. Estimated downtime may be 
adjusted depending on the final induction schedule and mutually agreed facility selected for completion of the Work. For the avoidance 
of doubt, any expression of downtime is only provided as an estimate. This estimate is not a contractual commitment by Gulfstream. 
Estimated downtime is stated in working days, defined as Monday through Friday. excluding applicable recognized local holidays. If 
additional Work is required beyond that specifically identified in this Proposal. then the estimated downtime may be extended by 
Gulfstream. Estimated downtime may increase or decrease depending upon the availability of the mutually agreed facility selected for 
completion of the Work. 
Gulfstream Savannah 500 Gulfstream Road 
Savannah, Georgia 31408 
Main Phone: +1-912-965-3000 
Note: Changes to facility input may affect downtime. Please contact your Regional Sales Manager. 
Quote Validity 
Pricing contained in this proposal is valid for 90 days from the date of this proposal. 
For further details/definition, see Part II Section C or click here) 
1=1 
Pricing Notes 
A non-refundable deposit of $50,000 must be received prior to the scheduling of an aircraft to be stripped and repainted. If 
a deposit is not received within fourteen (14) days after proposal acceptance, the slot will be forfeited. Deposits must be 
received in one (1) week if there are fewer than forty-five (45) days until induction. 
Page 12 of 13 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
TJA:smc 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. Apnl 21.2017 
EFTA00591952
--- PAGE 13 ---
ID v 7037536 R00 
July 2017 
Gulfstream G550 Serial Number 5173 
JEGE, LLC 
PART IV. Executive Summary and Proposal Acceptance (continued) 
Upon acceptance of this Proposal, the prices and quotes stated herein (subject to all contingencies or other stated 
assumptions) constitute a formal Fixed Price Quote, which is included in Gulfstream's standard Work Authorization 
Agreement Terms and Conditions. Your acceptance of all or any portion of this Proposal confirms your acknowledgement 
that you have read and express agreement to be bound by these terms. 
This Proposal expressly incorporates by reference and is subject to Gulfstream's standard Work Authorization Agreement 
Terms and Conditions which are attached hereto as ATTACHMENT A. The Work Authorization, which will include a Work 
Order which details all items of Work to be accomplished during the service visit, including those items selected and 
documented by Customer from this Proposal, will constitute the agreement between the parties and will supersede this 
Proposal when executed by both parties. The Work Authorization will be signed at the Aircraft's induction into the agreed 
Gulfstream Service Center. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Proposal to be executed by their duly authorized representatives. 
Copies of a fully executed agreement. emailed between the parties will be effective as an original signed agreement. 
JEGE. LLC 
("Customer-) 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORPORATION 
("Gulfstream") 
By: 
By: 
Name:  
Name: Rusty Cramer 
Title: 
Title: 
Regional Sales Manager, Product Support Sales 
Date: 
Date: 
July 2017 
Please complete and return all pages of PART IV via fax (+1-912-963-0248) or email 
Page 13 of 13 
This proposal is confidential between Gulfstream and the Customer. 
TJA/smc 
Return to Table of Contents 
GAC Rev. Apo' 21.2017 
EFTA00591953
--- PAGE 14 ---
ATTACHMENT A 
WORK AUTHORIZATION AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1. AGREEMENT. 
This Work Authorization Agreement, including documents incorporated by reference, (the 
"Agreement") identifies the services and materials (the "Work") to be provided by Gulfstream. its employees, agents. 
representatives, and contractors, (collectively "Gulfstream") to the aircraft identified on the first page of this Agreement 
(the "Aircraft") plus the associated terms and conditions of the Agreement. "Customer" means collectively the customer 
identified on the first page hereof, and all owners, operators. lessors, lessees and insurers of the Aircraft. "Gulfstream 
Parties" means Gulfstream, General Dynamics Corporation and each of their affiliates, including without limitation the Jet 
Aviation companies ("Jet Aviation"), and all such entities' employees, agents. representatives and contractors. This 
Agreement is the parties' entire agreement concerning the Work and replaces prior verbal or written agreements with 
respect thereto. This Agreement's terms and conditions (but excluding changes in the scope of the Work and overtime 
authorizations) may not be altered except by a writing that expressly references this Agreement and is signed by 
authorized representatives of both parties. 
2. WORK CHANGES. Customer authorizes Gulfstream to expend labor and materials reasonably appropriate to the 
mutually agreed Work. Work changes (including requests for overtime) require mutual agreement of the parties. 
Customer's oral changes increasing the scope of the Work or approving overtime are binding (unless otherwise provided 
by law). Customer payment of the invoice for any additional Work item is customer acknowledgement that the additional 
item was mutually agreed upon as part of the Work. 
3. PRICING. Except as otherwise specifically agreed between the parties in writing, all Work (including engineering 
services) performed under this Agreement is on a TIME AND MATERIALS BASIS unless expressly subject to a formal 
fixed-price quote signed by both Gulfstream and Customer. ESTIMATES OF EXPECTED HOURS/MATERIAL 
COSTS ARE NOT QUOTES AND ARE BILLED SOLELY ON A TIME AND MATERIALS BASIS. For time and 
materials Work: (a) labor (including engineering services) is billed according to the rates set forth in the Gulfstream 
Aircraft Services Rate Letter in effect as of the date the Work is performed; and (b) materials are billed according to 
Gulfsueam's standard prices in effect on the date the material is used. Any incremental charge under Gulfsueam's 
Component Exchanged Program will be billed by supplementary invoice. 
4. PAYMENT TERMS. For customers with available credit, and except as set forth below, payment terms are net 30 
days from date of invoice. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, for Work estimated to exceed One Hundred Thousand 
Dollars ($100,000.00) but less than Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000). Customer agrees to make progress payments on 
the following schedule: 50% of the estimated amount prior to commencement of Work on the Aircraft, and final payment 
of the remaining 50% 30 days from the date of final invoice. For Work estimated to exceed Three Million Dollars 
($3,000,000). Customer agrees to make progress payments on the following schedule: 30% of the estimated amount prior 
to commencement of Work on the Aircraft. 30% at the midpoint of the Work as reasonably established by Gulfstream, 
30% 30 days prior to the date of projected delivery as reasonably established by Gulfstream. Additional deposits may be 
required for long-lead or special purchased parts, which are not refundable, should the visit be cancelled or work scope 
changed to eliminate those items. Additional deposits may also be requested if there is a significant amount of growth in 
the scope of the Work, including significant material costs. If any portion of an invoice is disputed. then Customer shall 
nevertheless pay all undisputed amounts per this schedule. In any and all cases. Gulfstream shall not be required to release 
Customer's Aircraft to depart if Customer's total outstanding balance owed to the Gulfstream Parties exceeds the lesser of 
One Hundred Fifty Thousand ($150,000.00) or Customer's available credit limit. All sums past due bear interest at the 
lesser of 1.5% per month, or the maximum rate allowable by law, plus reimbursement for attorney fees and other costs of 
collection. For customers without available credit, including those without open credit terms (cash in advance, cash on 
delivery, etc.). as additional items are added to the Work, additional progress payments may be required to continue Work 
on the Aircraft and all remaining outstanding balances must be paid prior to Aircraft departure. 
5. TAXES. Customer is responsible for all Federal. State. local and foreign taxes, fees, levies. penalties, excises, 
charges, surcharges, import and export charges and other duties and tariffs ("Taxes") applicable to the Work performed 
hereunder, the materials used or transportation (other than taxes on income of Gulfstream) and Customer shall indemnify 
and hold Gulfstream harmless with respect thereto. 
5.1 Any and all payments by the Customer under the terms of this Agreement shall be exclusive of any Taxes. Customer 
shall bear, and shall indemnify Gulfstream for any such Taxes in the event they are or become due at any time in 
accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. Should customer be required by applicable law to withhold or deduct 
any Taxes from such payments, then the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required 
deductions, Gulfstream receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made. 
Rev. lune 16.2016 
of 4 
EFTA00591954
--- PAGE 15 ---
6. WARRANTY. 
6.1 GENERAL. Gulfstream warrants that the Work conforms to the pertinent specifications prescribed by the applicable 
aircraft/component manufacturer, and that any components or other items supplied hereunder (but excluding Customer-
furnished items) are free from defects in material and workmanship. This warranty extends to defects discovered within 
twelve (12) months, or one thousand (1.000) flight hours, whichever comes first, after completion of the Work; except that 
the warranty period for any Work performed as warranty work is equal to the pre-existing unexpired warranty period. 
Pans qualifying for the "Exclusive Gulfstream Parts Warranty Extension" Program, or other extended published 
Gulfstream warranty programs. if any, are entitled to an extended warranty period pursuant to the terms of such programs 
as they exist on the date this Agreement is executed. To the extent that any Work is being performed as warranty work 
under a service center warranty originally extended by a Gulfstream Party to a prior owner or operator of the Aircraft, then 
this Agreement shall constitute an assignment of such original warranty to Customer except that the terms and conditions 
thereof shall be those in this Agreement (including Sections 7, 8 and all other disclaimers and limitations in this 
Agreement). 
6.2 REMEDY. Gulfstream's sole obligation for breach of warranty for Work other than inspection activities, and 
Customer's sole remedy. is limited to the repair. replacement or correction (at Gulfstream's reasonable discretion) of the 
defective Work. All parts and labor required for disassembly. removal, installation and reassembly of the defective item 
are Gulfstream's expense. but only if the Work is performed at a Gulfstream or Jet Aviation facility authorized to work on 
the applicable aircraft model. Gulfstream is not responsible for any costs or expenses associated with transporting the 
Aircraft or warranted items to any repair facility. Gulfstream's sole obligation for negligent or otherwise defective 
inspection activities, including any damage to an Aircraft that results from any alleged negligent inspection. and 
Customer's sole remedy, is limited to refund of any payments made by Customer for that portion of such inspection that 
was defective. 
ADDITIONAL REMEDY FOR COLLATERAL AIRCRAFT DAMAGE. 
63.1 
In addition to the warranty remedy provided in Section 6.2. but subject to Section 6.3.2 below, if any defective 
Work, negligence or willful misconduct of a Gulfstream Party related to performance of this Agreement causes damage to 
the Aircraft within the warranty period set out in Section 6.1. then as Customer's sole remedy Gulfstream will repair at no 
charge (as further described below) any such Aircraft damage that is directly and immediately caused by a Gulfstream 
Party. Such repairs will be accomplished at a Gulfstream or Jet Aviation facility authorized to work on the aircraft model, 
and on the same terms and conditions hereof (excluding payment obligations) using methods selected by Gulfstream in its 
reasonable discretion: provided, however, if Gulfstream reasonably deems the Aircraft to be damaged beyond economical 
repair, then the sole remedy is for Gulfstream to pay Customer the Aircraft's pre-damage fair market value and for 
Gulfstream to receive clear title thereto. 
63.2 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement. Gulfstream's remedy obligations under this Agreement shall 
not include Aircraft damage that either (a) allegedly is caused by a negligent inspection where the damage occurs after 
completion of the Work or (b) is caused by a Right Operations Accident (as defined below) even if such accident is 
allegedly caused by a Gulfstream Party (including negligence of a Gulfstream employed flight crew member on the 
Aircraft). "Flight Operations Accident" means an accident or incident occurring between ramp movement for flight 
through takeoff. flight, landing, taxi and parking in which the Aircraft suffers damage from contact with the earth or other 
objects. 
6.4 TERMINATION OF WARRANTY. The warranties and Gulfstream's obligations for the repair of Aircraft 
Damage set forth above in Section 6 are void if either the Aircraft or warranted item have been subjected to maintenance. 
overhaul, installation, storage. operation, or use which is improper or not in accordance with the aircraft/component 
manufacturer's instructions (including failure to comply with approved operating and maintenance manuals, instructions 
or bulletins, or customary maintenance or airmanship practices), or to any accident or casualty that proximately causes or 
contributes to the failure or substandard performance of the warranted item or further damage to the Aircraft. 
6.5 CUSTOMER'S OBLIGATIONS. Gulfstream's warranty obligations hereunder are expressly conditioned upon 
compliance with all of the following: Customer must provide Gulfstream with written notice within 60 days after the 
defect becomes apparent; Customer must return or otherwise dispose of the item at issue as directed by Gulfstream within 
days after receipt of Gulfstream's instructions: and Customer shall maintain and make available to Gulfstream all 
records (including FDR, CVR and other aircraft recorded data) reasonably related to the maintenance, use and condition of 
the item at issue. 
Rev. June 16.2016 
of 4 
EFTA00591955
--- PAGE 16 ---
7. DISCLAIMERS. THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES IN SECTION 6 OF THIS AGREEMENT ARE EXCLUSIVE 
AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES (EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTY OF TITLE) AND 
REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS (INCLUDING FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE) (COLLECTIVELY "EXCLUDED WARRANTIES"). Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, 
Customer, on behalf of itself and all owners, operators, lessors, lessees, and insurers of the Aircraft, hereby waives and 
releases all rights, claims, and remedies (through subrogation or otherwise) with respect to any and all Excluded 
Warranties, duties, obligations, and liabilities in tort or contract arising by law or otherwise from this Agreement or the 
Work, including: (I) liability for a Gulfstream Party's own negligence or (2) strict liability or product liability. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Section 7 does not modify the rights and obligations of Gulfstream and Customer (or owner of 
Aircraft if different from Customer), as expressly stated in any Gulfstream Aircraft Warranty Agreement between the 
parties. 
8. EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER DAMAGES. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, the Gulfstream 
Parties shall not be liable for punitive, special. incidental or consequential damages that arise from or relate in any way to 
this Agreement, or the Aircraft's presence at a Gulfstream Patty's facility as a result of this Agreement. whether arising 
out of contract, warranty, tort or by statute or otherwise. Such excluded damages include damages for loss of use, loss of 
time, inconvenience, diminution in value or commercial loss. THE EXCLUSION OF SUCH DAMAGES AS SET 
FORTH HEREIN SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, 
SHALL BE DEEMED INDEPENDENT OF ALL WARRANTIES, AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS 
AGREEMENT, AND SHALL SURVIVE ANY FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY 
WARRANTY OR LIMITED REMEDY UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
9. INCIDENTAL CUSTOMER PROPERTY. Gulfstream assumes no responsibility or liability for any Incidental 
Customer Property brought or delivered to Gulfstream's premises by Customer, whether on the Aircraft or otherwise. 
"Incidental Customer Property" is any item associated with the Aircraft, its crew, representatives of the Customer, or its 
passengers, that is not a part of the certified Aircraft or directly related to its operation. such as loose aircraft or cabin 
equipment. typical catering supplies, or the like. Gulfstream reserves the right to decline to store any Incidental Customer 
Property on its premises which it deems, in its sole discretion, inappropriate or dangerous. The Customer is responsible 
for importing or exporting of Incidental Customer Property into or out of the boundaries of any nation and must adhere to 
all applicable import or export control laws and regulations. including without limitation Export Administration 
Regulations ("EAR") and International Traffic in Arms Regulations ("ITAR") for entries into and out of the United States. 
The Customer hereby agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold Gulfstream harmless from any and all claims made against 
Gulfstream arising out of Incidental Customer Property brought or delivered to Gulfstream's facilities, including losses 
incurred because of damage or theft, improper shipping or receiving, together with any criminal or civil penalties or other 
duties, imposts, taxes, liens or other obligation imposed by any governmental entity resulting from the presence of 
Incidental Customer Property on Gulfstream's facilities. 
10. LIABILITY TO THIRD PARTIES. The limitations of liability in these terms and conditions will not be 
interpreted to affect in any way a Gulfstream Party's obligations, if any, for third party personal injury, wrongful death or 
property damage other than the Aircraft or its contents. 
U. NO BAILMENT. No bailment is created by this Agreement, and Gulfstream shall not act as insurer of the Aircraft 
or any Incidental Customer Property while the Aircraft or Incidental Customer Property is present at Gulfstream's facility 
or otherwise in Gulfstream's custody or control. 
12. NO DELAY PENALTY. Gulfstream will use reasonable efforts to complete the Work in a timely manner. 
Reasonable efforts does not include overtime unless the Customer agrees to bear overtime charges. Notwithstanding such 
obligation. Gulfstream shall not under any circumstances be liable for damages. late delivery penalty. fee or the like 
should it fail to perform the Work within any period of time specified by the Parties. 
13. ACCEPTANCE OF DELIVERY. Gulfstream will tender the Aircraft to Customer for delivery at the facility 
where the Work was performed. unless otherwise agreed in writing. Customer shall promptly inspect the Work, and, upon 
correction or Customer approved deferral of any discrepancies in such Work, Customer shall accept the Aircraft. 
14. TITLE. Title to all materials installed in the Aircraft under this Agreement does not pass until acceptance and 
payment of the Work by Customer, through delivery of the Aircraft or as otherwise mutually agreed in writing. 
Rev. June 16.2016 
of 4 
EFTA00591956
--- PAGE 17 ---
15. EXCESS STORAGE CHARGE. Unless otherwise agreed between the parties in writing, should Customer's 
Aircraft remain at Gulfstream's facility following completion of the Work for more than five (5) days. for whatever reason 
(including a failure to pay for the Work performed), Gulfstream is authorized by Customer to charge the prevailing rate for 
day storage of aircraft as then charged by Fixed Base Operators for aircraft of similar size on the airport where the Aircraft 
is stored (but not less than $200.00 per day). Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing as part of this Agreement. 
Gulfstream is under no obligation to provide any maintenance services whatsoever to the Aircraft while being stored under 
this provision and any dilapidation of the Aircraft during such storage period shall be Customer's sole responsibility. 
16. SAFETY AND SECURITY. Customer's employees, agents. subcontractors and representatives shall abide by all 
applicable Gulfstream policies, procedures and safety protocols when present on Gulfstream's premises. 
17. INDEMNITY BY CUSTOMER ENTERING GULFSTREANI'S PREMISES FOR PERSONAL INJURY 
AND DAMAGE TO OTHER PROPERTY. Customer assumes the risk of and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless 
the Gulfstream Parties from and against any and all liability, damage, loss, cost and expense, including attorney's fees, on 
account of any claim, suit or action made or brought against a Gulfstream Party (including claims brought against a 
Gulfstream Party because of a Gulfstream Party's own negligence) for the death of or injury to employees, agents. 
representatives and subcontractors of Customer, or damage or destruction of property of Customer, its employees, agents. 
representatives or subcontractors, (other than damage or destruction of the Aircraft upon which Work is performed. which 
is addressed elsewhere under this Agreement) sustained arising from or related to Customer's presence on the Gulfstream 
Party's facilities (including its hangars and ramps but excluding a Gulfstream Party's customer lobby and customer 
briefing rooms) during the course of the Agreement, except for the willful misconduct of a Gulfstream Party or its 
employees acting within the scope of their employment. 
18. ARBITRATION. Any controversy or claim arising out of either this Agreement or Customer's service visit to 
Gulfstream shall be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, without regard for rules concerning conflicts of law, and 
settled by one (1) arbitrator (except if the claim is in excess of Two Million Dollars ($2.000,000.00), then by three (3) 
neutral arbitrators) under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in the City 
where the work hereunder was performed If the arbitration proceedings shall be conducted before a panel of three neutral 
arbitrators, the panel shall be selected using the following process: Within 15 days after the commencement of arbitration. 
each party shall select one person meeting the specified qualifications to act as neutral arbitrator, and the two thus selected 
shall select a third neutral arbitrator meeting the specified qualifications within 15 days of their appointment to act as the 
chair of the arbitration panel. If the arbitrators selected by the parties are unable to or fail to agree upon the third 
arbitrator, the third arbitrator shall be selected by the American AAA. In arbitration with a single arbitrator, the parties 
shall use their best efforts to agree upon an arbitrator(s) within thirty (30) days after service of the claim, and if agreement 
is not reached by such date then either party may request the AAA to appoint an arbitrator(s) in accordance with its rules. 
The United Nations. Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (frequently referred to as the 
"UNCISG") shall not apply. 
19. MISCELLANEOUS. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid under applicable law. such provision will 
be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement. If there is any 
conflict between these terms and conditions hereof and any document incorporated herein by reference. then these terms 
and conditions shall control unless such document expressly states the contrary. The words -include.- "including" and 
variations thereof are not terms of limitation and shall be deemed followed by "without limitation." Exports or re-exports 
of commodities, technology and software provided as part of the Work are subject to the U.S. Export Administration 
Regulations and diversion contrary to U.S. law is prohibited. Customer shall comply with all applicable U.S. export laws 
and regulations. The failure of any of the parties to exercise any right under this Agreement shall not be construed as a 
waiver or relinquishment for the future enforcement of such right at any time 
20. AUTHORIZATION OF AIRCRAFT OWNER/LESSOR/LESSEE. The person signing this Agreement on 
behalf of Customer represents, warrants and affirms that he is an AUTHORIZED AGENT OF THE AIRCRAFT 
OWNER(S), and, if applicable, lessor(s) and/or lessee(s) with full authority to enter into this Agreement and bind such 
owner(s), lessor(s), or lessee(s), with respect to all Work contemplated herein and on behalf of himself and his employer 
agrees to indemnify Gulfstream for all losses arising from any breach of this representation and warranty. 
Customer Acknowledgement: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Rev. June 16.2016 
of 4 
EFTA00591957

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591958.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591958.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 1 of 23 
PRIVILEGE LOG 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #1 
P-000001 
thru 
P-000039 
Box #1 
P-000040 
thru 
P-000549 
File folder entitled "CORR RE GJ 
SUBPOENAS" containing correspondence 
related to various grand jury subpoenas and 
attorney (Villafafia) handwritten notes 
6(e) 
Work Product 
Operation Leap Year Grand Jury Log 
containing subpoenas OLY-01 through OLY-81, 
correspondence and research related to 
enforcement of same, documents produced in 
response to some subpoenas; and attorney 
(Villafafia) handwritten notes 
6(e) 
Work Product 
Contains documents subject 
to investigative privilege 
Also contains documents 
subject to privacy rights of 
victims who are not parties to 
this litigation 
Box #1 
P-000550 
thru 
P-000621 
File folder entitled "Ritz Compact Flash SW" 
containing copies of a sealed search warrant 
application, warrant, and supporting documents 
6(e) 
Contains information subject 
to investigative privilege 
Also contains information 
subject to privacy rights of 
victims who are not parties to 
this litigation 
Box #1 
P-000622 
thru 
P-000693 
File folder entitled "PNY Technologies Compact 
Flash SW" containing copies of a sealed search 
warrant application, warrant, and supporting 
documents 
6(e) 
Contains information subject 
to investigative privilege 
Also contains information 
subject to privacy rights of 
victims who are not parties to 
this litigation 
Box #1 
P-000694 
thru 
P-000781 
File folder entitled "JE Corporations" containing 
attorney research on Epstein-owned corporations 
and prior litigation 
Work Product 
Contains information subject 
to investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-000782 
thru 
P-000803 
File folder entitled "Capital One" 
containing subpoena and correspondence 
6(e) 
Box #1 
P-000804 
thru 
P-000854 
File folder entitled "DTG Operations/Dollar 
Rent-a-Car" containing subpoena and responsive 
documents 
6(e) 
Contains documents and 
information subject to 
investigative privilege 
Also contains documents and 
information subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Page 1 of 23 
EFTA00591958
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 2 of 23 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #1 
P-000855 
thru 
P-000937 
File folder entitled "JP Morgan Chase" 
containing subpoena, correspondence, and 
responsive documents 
6(e) 
Contains documents and 
information subject to 
investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-000938 
thru 
P-000947 
File folder entitled "Washington Mutual" 
containing subpoena, correspondence, and 
responsive documents 
6(e) 
Contains documents and 
information subject to 
investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-000948 
thru 
P-000982 
File folder entitled "Computer Search &" 
containing legal research on computer search and 
handwritten notes on indictment preparation 
Work Product 
Attorney-Client 
Contains information subject 
to investigative privilege. 
Also contains information 
subject to privacy rights of 
victims who are not parties to 
this litigation 
Box #1 
P-000983 
thru 
P-001007 
File folder entitled "Attorney Notes from 
Document Review" containing typed and 
handwritten attorney (Villafafia) notes, target 
letters, correspondence re grand jury subpoena 
Work product 
6(e) 
Contains information subject 
to investigative privilege. 
Also contains information 
subject to privacy rights of 
victims who are not parties to 
this litigation 
Box #1 
P-001008 
thru 
P-001056 
File folder entitled "Notes from Fed Ex Records" 
containing handwritten and typed attorney 
(Villafafia) notes and screen shots of FedEx 
subpoena response electronic file 
Work Product 
6(e) 
Contains information subject 
to investigative privilege. 
Also contains information 
subject to privacy rights of 
victims who are not parties to 
this litigation 
Box #1 
P-001057 
thru 
P-001959 
File folder entitled "Colonial Bank Records" 
containing records received in response to grand 
jury subpoena 
6(e) 
Contains information subject 
to investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-001960 
Thru 
P-002089 
File folder entitled "OLY Grand Jury Log Vol 2: 
OLY-51 THROUGH" containing subpoenas 
numbered OLY-51 through OLY-81 with related 
correspondence 
6(e) 
Contains information subject 
to investigative privilege. 
Also contains information 
subject to privacy rights of 
victims who are not parties to 
this litigation 
Page 2 of 23 
EFTA00591959
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 3 of 23 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #1 
P-002090 
Thru 
P-002169 
File folder entitled "Epstein Corporate Records: 
OLY-51, OLY-52, OLY-53, OLY-54" containing 
subpoenas, records received in response to 
subpoenas, and related correspondence 
6(e) 
Contains information and 
documents subject to 
investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-002170 
Thru 
P-002246 
File folder entitled "Colonial Bank" containing 
subpoenas, correspondence related to subpoenas, 
records received in response to subpoenas 
6(e) 
Contains information and 
documents subject to 
investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-002247 
Thru 
P-002265 
File folder entitled "JEGE & Hyperion from 
Goldberger OLY-46 & OLY-47" containing 
documents received in response to subpoenas 
6(e) 
Contains information and 
documents subject to 
investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-002266 
Thru 
P-002386 
Indictment preparation binder containing: 
Grand jury subpoena log, evidence/activity 
summary chart, witness/victim names and contact 
list, attorney (Villafafia) handwritten notes, 302s, 
portions of state investigative file, attorney 
(Villafafia) typed notes, of individuals listed as 
"Additional victims" 
Work product 
6(e) 
Contains information and 
documents subject to 
investigative privilege. Also 
contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #1 
P-002387 
Thru 
P-002769 
Indictment preparation binder containing: 
Grand jury subpoena log, evidence/activity 
summary chart, witness/victim names and contact 
list, attorney (Villafafia) handwritten notes, 302s, 
portions of state investigative file, attorney 
(Villafafia) typed notes, relevant pieces of grand 
jury materials, telephone records/flight records 
analysis charts, victim/witness photographs, 
DAVID records, NCICs, and related materials for 
persons identified as Jane Does #15, 16, 17, 18, 
19, Past Employees, Misc. Witnesses 
Work product 
6(e) 
Contains information and 
documents subject to 
investigative privilege. Also 
contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #1 
P-002770 
Thru 
P-003211 
Indictment preparation binder containing: 
witness/victim list with identifying information, 
sexual activity summary, telephone call summary 
chart, attorney (Villafafia) handwritten notes, 
302s, portions of state investigative file, attorney 
(Villafafia) typed notes, relevant pieces of grand 
jury materials, telephone records/flight records 
analysis charts, victim/witness photographs, 
DAVID records, NCICs, and related materials for 
persons identified as Jane Does #1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 
Work product 
6(e) 
Contains information and 
documents subject to 
investigative privilege. Also 
contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Page 3 of 23 
EFTA00591960
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 4 of 23 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #1 
P-003212 
Thru 
P-003545 
Indictment preparation binder containing meta- 
analysis charts of telephone/flight/grand jury 
information for a numbe 
' ' 
' 
, an 
Work product 
6(e) 
Contains information and 
documents subject to 
investigative privilege. Also 
contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #1 
P-003546 
Thru 
P-003552 
FBI Reports of March 2008 interviews of 
additional witness/victim located in New York 
Work product 
6(e) 
Contains information and 
documents subject to 
investigative privilege. Also 
contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #1 
P-003553 
Thru 
P-003555B 
Printout of filenames from Federal Express 
subpoena response with Attorney notations 
Work product 
6(e) 
Box #1 
P-003556 
Thru 
P-003562 
Document entitled "Identified Numbers" with 
accompanying handwritten attorney list compiled 
from grand jury materials and attorney analysis of 
records 
Work product 
6(e) 
Contains information subject 
to investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-003563 
Thru 
P-003629 
Folder entitled "Flight Manifests" containing 
manifests received pursuant to grand jury 
subpoena 
6(e) 
Contains information and 
documents subject to 
investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-003630 
Thru 
P-003633 
File folder entitled "Recent Attorney Notes" 
containing handwritten attorney (Villafafia) notes 
regarding document review and case strategy 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Deliberative process 
Box #1 
P-003634 
Thru 
P-003646 
File folder bearing victim name containing FBI 
interview report from May 2008, telephone 
activity report with attorney (Villafanafia) 
handwritten notes, related grand jury material 
Work product 
Attorney-client privilege 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Page 4 of 23 
EFTA00591961
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 5 of 23 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #1 
P-003647 
Thru 
P-003651 
File folder entitled "Summary of Sexual Activity" 
containing chart bearing handwritten title "Sexual 
Activity — Summary" with meta-analysis of 
information, sorted by name of each 
victim/witness, including name and identifying 
information of each victim/witness 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Deliberative process 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
arties to this liti ation 
Box #1 
P-003652 
Thru 
P-003663 
File folder entitled "Victim Civil Suits" 
Not privileged. 
Produced to counsel for 
Petitioners 
Box #1 
P-003664 
Thru 
P-003678 
File folder entitled "Research re JE Websites" 
containing attorney research 
Work product 
Box #1 
P-003679 
Thru 
P-003680 
File folder entitled "Serene Cano (N.Y. AUSA)" 
containing attorney (Villafafia) handwritten notes 
Work product 
Box #1 
P-003681 
Thru 
P-003687 
File folder entitled "Dr. Anna Salter" containing 
attorney (Villafafia) memo to expert witness and 
handwritten attorney notes 
Work product 
Investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-003688 
Thru 
P-003693 
File folder entitled "I[] G[] Interview" containing 
attorney handwritten notes of interview, and 
attorney handwritten notes regarding potential 
charges 
Work product 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information 
subject to privacy rights of 
victims who are not parties to 
this litigation 
Box #1 
P-003694 
Thru 
P-003711 
File folder entitled "Research re Travel for 
Prostitution" containing attorney (Villafafia) 
handwritten notes regarding grand jury 
presentation, chart entitled "Brought to Epstein's 
House" with handwritten notes, Message Pad 
meta-analysis chart, summary of evidence related 
to one victim/witness, and relevant grand jury 
information 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #1 
P-003712 
Empty file folder bearing name of victim/witness 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information 
subject to privacy rights of 
victim who is not a party to 
this liti ation 
Page 5 of 23 
EFTA00591962
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 6 of 23 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #1 
P-003713 
Thru 
P-003746 
File folder entitled "T[] M[]" containing grand 
jury subpoenas, motion and order to compel 
testimony, and correspondence regarding same 
6(e) 
Documents under seal 
pursuant to court order 
Box #1 
P-003747 
Thru 
P-003751 
File folder entitled ' 
containing 
6(e) 
subpoena and correspondence regarding same 
Box #1 
P-003752 
Thru 
P-004295 
File folder entitled "PBPD Investigative File" 
obtained via subpoena 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #1 
P-004296 
Thru 
P-004350 
File folder bearing name of victim/witness 
containing meta-analysis chart showing telephone 
calls, travel, and grand jury materials relevant to 
possible charges 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
arties to this liti ation 
Box #1 
P-004351 
Thru 
P-004381 
File folder entitled ' 
ocuments 
53909-004" containing attorney research related 
to bias issue 
Work product 
Box #1 
P-004382 
Thru 
P-004478 
File Folder entitled "FEDEX" containing 
documents obtained via subpoena 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-004479 
Thru 
P-004551 
File Folder entitled "State of Delaware Records" 
containing documents obtained in preparation for 
indictment 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Work product 
Box #1 
P-004552 
Thru 
P-004555 
File folder entitled "Jet Blue Records" containing 
documents obtained via subpoena 
6(e) 
Work product 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #1 
P-004556 
Thru 
P-004560 
File folder entitled "FL EMPLOYMENT 
RECORDS" containing FDLE records on targets 
and witnesses obtained at attorney request 
Investigative privilege 
Work product 
Page 6 of 23 
EFTA00591963
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 7 of 23 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #1 
P-004561 
Thru 
P-004565 
Filed folder entitled "JANUSZ BANASIAK" 
containing attorney (Villafafia) handwritten notes 
of interview 
Work product 
Investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-004566 
Thru 
P-004716 
File folder entitled "JANUSZ BANASIAK 
RECORDS 23-0001 THROUGH 23-" containing 
documents obtained via subpoena 
6(e) 
Work product 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #1 
P-004717 
Thru 
P-004722 
File folder entitled "IGOR ZINOVIEV" 
containing attorney research regarding witness 
Work product 
Investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-004723 
Thru 
P-004725 
File folder entitled "BEAR STEARNS 
RESEARCH" containing attorney research 
regarding potential witness and subpoena 
recipient 
Work Product 
Investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-004726 
Thru 
P-004819 
File folder entitled "LAWSUITS INVOLVING 
EPSTEIN CORP'S" containing attorney research 
regarding Epstein's past personal and business 
litigative practices 
Work Product 
Investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-004820 
Thru 
P-004959 
Filed folder entitled "SEC RECORDS" 
containing attorney research regarding Epstein 
financial relationships 
Work Product 
Investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-004960 
Thru 
P-005059 
File folder entitled "Message Pads" containing 
selected items from evidence obtained via 
subpoena 
Work Product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #1 
P-005060 
Thru 
P-005081 
File folder bearing name of victim/witness 
containing correspondence with counsel for 
victim/witness, attorney witness outline with 
attorney handwritten notes, attorney handwritten 
notes regarding witness reports and case 
preparation 
Work Product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #1 
P-005082 
Thru 
P-005083 
File folder entitled "New York Trip" containing 
attorney notes re witness interview 
Work product 
Investigative privilege 
Page 7 of 23 
EFTA00591964
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 8 of 23 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
P-005084 thru P-005107 are non responsive 
documents and have been removed 
Box #1 
P-005108 
Thru 
P-005193 
File folder entitled "ANNA SALTER" containing 
attorney research on select expert, use of experts 
at trials in child exploitation cases, and additional 
research materials on offenders and victims 
Work product 
Investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-005194 
Thru 
P-005300 
File folder entitled "Extra Copies" containing 
meta-analysis chart and 302's of victim/witnesses 
used in preparing indictment package 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #1 
P-005301 
Thru 
P-005331 
File folder entitled "JUAN ALESSI 
STATEMENT' containing transcript obtained via 
subpoena 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-005332 
Thru 
P-005341 
File folder entitled "KEN LANNING" containing 
attorney research on select expert, including 
attorney handwritten notes 
Work product 
Investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-005342 
Thru 
P-005387 
File folder entitled "Info re Planes" containing 
correspondence regarding subpoenas and 
documents received in response to subpoenas 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Box #1 
P-005388 
Thru 
P-005442 
File folder entitled "Police Reports & PC 
Affidavit" containing portions of police reports 
with attorney notes, related phone records, a list 
entitled "Victims" with identifying information 
and attorney handwritten notes, photographs and 
DAVID information, and additional attorney 
research regarding Epstein sexual activity 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #1 
P-005443 
Thru 
P-005496 
File folder entitled "[Victim name] Transcript of 
Interview & GJ Transcript" 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #1 
P-005497 
Thru 
P-005556 
File folder entitled "Bear Stearns Subpoena 
Resp." containing material received in response 
to subpoena 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Page 8 of 23 
EFTA00591965
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 9 of 23 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #1 
P-005557 
Thru 
P-005576 
U.S. Attorney's Office Criminal Case File Jacket 
containing file opening documents, expert 
witness payment documents 
Work product 
Deliberative process 
Box #1 
P-005578 
Thru 
P-005583 
U.S. Attorney's Office Asset Forfeiture Case File 
Jacket containing file opening and file closing 
documents 
Work product 
Deliberative process 
Box #1 
P-005584 
Thru 
P-005606 
File folder entitled "6001 Immunity Request" 
containing internal memoranda seeking witness 
immunity and correspondence with counsel for 
witness regarding same 
6(e) 
Work product and 
deliberative process (as to 
internal memoranda) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #2 
P-005607 
Thru 
P-005914 
File folder entitled "MASTER PHONE 
RECORDS" containing meta-analysis of all 
phone, travel, and grand jury data for all 
victim/witnesses for indictment preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #2 
P-005915 
Thru 
P-005977 
File folder bearing name of victim/witness 
containing meta-analysis of all phone, travel, and 
grand jury data related to that victim/witness for 
indictment preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #2 
P-005978 
Thru 
P-006050 
File folder bearing name of victim/witness 
containing meta-analysis of all phone, travel, and 
grand jury data related to that victim/witness for 
indictment preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #2 
P-006051 
Thru 
P-006065 
File folder bearing name of victim/witness 
containing meta-analysis of all phone, travel, and 
grand jury data related to that victim/witness for 
indictment preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Page 9 of 23 
EFTA00591966
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 10 of 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #2 
P-006066 
Thru 
P-006220 
File folder entitled "JANE DOE #4" containing 
meta-analysis of all phone, travel, and grand jury 
data related to that victim/witness for indictment 
preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #2 
P-006221 
Thru 
P-006222 
File folder entitled 'JANE DOE #12" containing 
meta-analysis of all phone, travel, and grand jury 
data related to that victim/witness for indictment 
preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #2 
P-006223 
Thru 
P-006522 
File folder entitled "CORRECTED PHONE 
RECORDS 5/31/07" containing meta-analysis of 
all phone, travel, and grand jury data related to all 
victims/witnesses for indictment preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #2 
P-006523 
Thru 
P-006802 
File folder entitled "[Victim Name] Phone 
Records" containing telephone records received 
in response to subpoena 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #2 
P-006803 
Thru 
P-006860 
File folder entitled "Lists of Identified Phone 
Numbers" containing charts of information culled 
from grand jury materials, interviews, and other 
investigation, with attorney handwritten notes, 
and information to issue follow-up grand jury 
subpoena 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #2 
P-006861 
Thru 
P-007785 
File folder entitled "EPSTEIN, 
CELL 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
PHONE RECORDS" containing documents 
received via subpoena with attorney handwritten 
notes and highlighting 
Page 10 of 23 
EFTA00591967
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 11 of 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #2 
P-007786 
Thru 
P-008120 
Folder entitled "OLY GRAND JURY LOG: 
OLY-01 THROUGH OLY-50" containing 
subpoenas, correspondence regarding same, 6(e) 
letters, attorney handwritten notes regarding 
records received in response to subpoenas 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #2 
P-008121 
Thru 
P-008139 
Handwritten flight logs received in response to 
subpoena 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Box #2 
P-008140 
Thru 
P-008298 
Grand jury presentation folder containing 
attorney handwritten notes, typed outline with 
additional handwritten notes, complete indictment 
package dated 2/19/2008, victim list with 
identifying information, photographs, and 
summary of activity 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Box #2 
P-008299 
Thru 
P-008363 
File folder entitled "FINAL AGREEMENTS" 
containing subfolder entitled "Agrmts Filed in 
State Court" (P-008300-P-008327 [not being 
withheld as privileged — have been produced to 
opposing counsel]); signed Non-Prosecution 
Agreement, Addendum, and operative portion of 
12/19/2007 Sanchez-Acosta letter (P-008328-P-
008343 [not being withheld as privileged — have 
been produced to opposing counsel]); subfolder 
entitled "12/19/07 Acosta-Sanchez Ltr" 
containing unredacted copies of that letter (P-
008344-P-008363 [pursuant to Court's Order, not 
being withheld as privileged — will be produced 
to opposing counsel upon lift of stay by 11ih
Circuit 
Box #2 
P-008364 
Thru 
P-008382 
File folder entitled ' 
Immunity Request" 
6(e) 
Work Product 
Deliberative Process 
Investigative privilege 
containing internal memoranda, Justice 
Department documentation, and subpoena 
regarding immunity request 
Box #2 
P-008383 
Thru 
P-008516 
File folder containing March 18, 2008 grand jury 
presentation materials, including "Operation Leap 
Year Revised Indictment Summary Chart (by 
victim)," grand jury materials, draft indictments, 
victim reference list, grand jury subpoena log 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Deliberative process 
Also contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this litigation 
Page 11 of 23 
EFTA00591968
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 12 of 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #2 
P-008517 
Thru 
P-008535 
6/25/2007 Letter from Gerald Lefcourt to Jeffrey 
Sloman and Andrew Lourie 
[pursuant to Court's Order, not being withheld as 
privileged — will be produced to opposing counsel 
upon lift of stay by 11'" Circuit] 
Box #2 
P-008536 
Thru 
P-008542 
Handwritten attorney notes to prepare for 
interview of Jane Doe #2 
Work product 
Investigative Privilege 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this suit 
Box #2 
P-008543 
Thru 
P-008549 
Handwritten attorney notes regarding May 8, 
2007 grand jury presentation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this suit 
Box #2 
P-008550 
Thru 
P-008615 
File folder entitled "Most Recent Indictment & 
Good Cases" containing draft indictment and 
legal research 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Deliberative process 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this suit 
Box #2 
P-008616 
Thru 
P-008686 
File folder entitled "FBI Summary Charts" 
containing chart prepared at direction of AUSA, 
containing victim names, identifying information, 
summary of activity, and other information 
relevant to indictment 
Work product 
Attorney-Client Privilege 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this suit 
Box #2 
P-008687 
Thru 
P-008776 
File folder entitled "[Victim name]/Jane Doe #4" 
containing phone records and meta-analysis of all 
phone, travel, and grand jury data related to that 
victim/witness for indictment preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Contains information and 
documents subject to privacy 
rights of victims who are not 
parties to this suit 
Box #2 
P-008777 
Thru 
P-008808 
File folder entitled "[Victim name]/Jane Doe #5" 
containing handwritten notes and meta-analysis 
of all phone, travel, and grand jury data related to 
that victim/witness for indictment preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this suit 
Page 12 of 23 
EFTA00591969
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 13 of 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #2 
P-008809 
Thru 
P-008847 
File folder entitled "[Victim name]/Jane Doe #6" 
containing meta-analysis of all phone, travel, and 
grand jury data related to that victim/witness for 
indictment preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this suit 
Box #2 
P-008848 
Thru 
P-008862 
File folder entitled "[Victim name]/Jane Doe #7" 
containing meta-analysis of all phone, travel, and 
grand jury data related to that victim/witness for 
indictment preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this suit 
Box #2 
P-008863 
Thru 
P-008890 
File folder entitled "[Victim name]/Jane Doe #8" 
containing meta-analysis of all phone, travel, and 
grand jury data related to that victim/witness for 
indictment preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this suit 
Box #2 
P-008891 
Thru 
P-009103 
File folder entitled "Certified Copy of State Case" 
containing certified copy of Epstein state criminal 
cases and change of plea transcript [not being 
withheld as privileged — copy provided to 
opposing counsel] 
Box #2 
P-009104 
Thru 
P-009111 
File folder entitled "Meeting Timeline" 
containing Villafafia typed notes summarizing 
meetings with opposing counsel prepared at 
request of R. Alexander Acosta, with handwritten 
correction and t 
d uideline estimate 
Work product 
Deliberative process 
Box #2 
P-009112 
Thru 
P-009113 
11/26/2008 Email from Roy Black to A. Marie 
Villafafia and Karen Atkinson re Jeffrey Epstein 
(work release) 
[pursuant to Court's Order, not being withheld as 
privileged — will be produced to opposing counsel 
upon lift of stay by 11th Circuit] 
Box #2 
P-009114 
Thru 
P-009115 
7/3/2008 Email from A. Marie Villafafia to Col. 
M. Gauger at PBSO re Epstein work release with 
attachment [not being withheld as privileged —
produced to opposing counsel] 
Box #2 
P-009116 
Thru 
P-009125 
12/6/2007 Letter from Jeffrey Sloman to Jay P. 
Lefkowitz re Jeffrey Epstein (victim notification) 
[pursuant to Court's Order, not being withheld as 
privileged — will be produced to opposing counsel 
upon lift of stay by 1 l th Circuit]) 
Page 13 of 23 
EFTA00591970
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 14 of 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #2 
P-009126 
Thru 
P-009134 
File folder entitled "[Victim name]/Jane Doe #9" 
containing meta-analysis of all phone, travel, and 
grand jury data related to that victim/witness for 
indictment preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this suit 
Box #2 
P-009135 
Thru 
P-009141 
File folder entitled "[Victim name]/Jane Doe 
#13" containing meta-analysis of all phone, 
travel, and grand jury data related to that 
victim/witness for indictment preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this suit 
Box #2 
P-009141A 
Thru 
P-009141C 
File folder entitled "[Victim name]/Jane Doe 
#12" containing meta-analysis of all phone, 
travel, and grand jury data related to that 
victim/witness for indictment preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this suit 
Box #2 
P-009142 
Thru 
P-009152 
File folder entitled " 
containing meta-analysis of all phone, travel, and 
grand jury data related to that individual for 
indictment preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this suit 
Box #2 
P-009153 
Thru 
P-009156 
File folder entitled' 
' 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this suit 
containing meta-analysis of all phone, travel, and 
grand jury data related to that individual for 
indictment preparation 
Box #2 
P-009157 
Thru 
P-009208 
File folder entitled "[Victim name]/Jane Doe #1" 
containing meta-analysis of all phone, travel, and 
grand jury data related to that victim/witness for 
indictment preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this suit 
Box #2 
P-009209 
Thru 
P-009213 
File folder entitled "[Victim name]/Jane Doe #2" 
containing meta-analysis of all phone, travel, and 
grand jury data related to that victim/witness for 
indictment preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this suit 
Page 14 of 23 
EFTA00591971
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 15 of 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #2 
P-009214 
Thru 
P-009271 
File folder entitled "[Victim name]/Jane Doe #3" 
containing meta-analysis of all phone, travel, and 
grand jury data related to that victim/witness for 
indictment preparation 
Work product 
6(e) 
Investigative privilege 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this suit 
Box #2 
P-009272 
Thru 
P-009354 
File folder entitled "Purpose of Travel Cases" 
containing attorney research and handwritten 
notes 
Work product 
Box #2 
P-009355 
Thru 
P-009403 
File folder entitled "Interstate Commerce Cases" 
containing attorney research and handwritten 
notes 
Work product 
Box #2 
P-009404 
Thru 
P-009536 
File folder entitled "Attorney Conflict Research" 
containing attorney research and handwritten 
notes 
Work product 
Box #2 
P-009537 
Thru 
P-009574 
File folder entitled "Mann Act/Travel to Have 
Sex w/Minor" containing attorney research and 
handwritten notes 
Work product 
Box #2 
P-009575 
Thru 
P-009603 
File folder entitled "Travel Act" containing 
attorney research and handwritten notes 
Work Product 
Box #2 
P-009604 
Thru 
P-009711 
File folder entitled "Florida 
Prostitution/Lewdness Statutes" containing 
attorney research and handwritten notes 
Work Product 
Box #2 
P-009712 
Thru 
P-009819 
Booklet entitled "Attorney General Guidelines for 
Victim and Witness Assistance" [not being 
withheld as privileged — produced to opposing 
counsel] 
Box #2 
P-009820 
Thru 
P-009965 
File folder entitled "Corporate Liability Rsrch" 
containing attorney research and handwritten 
notes 
Work Product 
Box #2 
P-009966 
Thru 
P-010096 
File folder entitled "Research re Knowledge of 
Age Unnecessary" containing attorney research 
and handwritten notes and copy of grand jury 
subpoena 
Work Product 
6(e) 
Page 15 of 23 
EFTA00591972
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 16 of 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #2 
P-010097 
Thru 
P-010276 
File folder entitled "Money Laundering" 
containing attorney research and handwritten 
notes 
Work Product 
Box #2 
P-010277 
Thru 
P-010394 
File folder entitled "1960 & Aiding/Abetting" 
containing attorney research and handwritten 
notes 
Work Product 
Box #2 
P-010395 
Thru 
P-010488 
File folder entitled "18 USC § 2255 Cases" 
containing attorney research and handwritten 
notes 
Work Product 
Box #2 
P-010489 
Thru 
P-010509 
File folder entitled "Research re Overt Acts & 
Witness Testimony" containing attorney research 
and handwritten notes 
Work Product 
Box #2 
P-010510 
Thru 
P-010525 
File folder entitled "Extradition" containing 
attorney research and handwritten notes 
Work Product 
Box #2 
P-010526 
Thru 
P-010641 
File folder entitled "Rsrch re Crime Victims 
Rights" containing attorney research, handwritten 
notes, draft victim notification letter, and draft 
correspondence to Jay Leflcowitz 
(Also contains a November 28, 2007 letter from 
Kenneth Starr to Alice S. Fisher; and a November 
29, 2007 letter from Jay Lefkowitz to R. 
Alexander Acosta (P-010528 thru P-010530 and 
P-010556 thru P-010559). Pursuant to the 
Court's Order, these will be produced to opposing 
counsel upon lift of stay by 11th Circuit) 
Work Product 
Deliberative Process 
Box #2 
P-010642 
Thru 
P-01650 
Box #2 
P-010651 
Thru 
P-010659 
File folder entitled "Immunity" containing 
attorney research on granting immunity to 
witnesses 
Work Product 
File folder entitled "Research re G.J. Transcript" 
containing attorney research and draft pleadings 
re compelling production of grand jury transcript 
with sub 
na 
Work Product 
6(e) 
Deliberative process 
Box #2 
P-010660 
Thru 
P-010757 
File folder entitled "Research re GJ Transcript" 
containing grand jury subpoena, 6(e) letters, 
attorney research and correspondence related to 
subpoena 
Work Product 
6(e) 
Page 16 of 23 
EFTA00591973
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 17 of 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #2 
P-010758 
Thru 
P-010793 
File folder entitled "Original Proposed Ind." 
containing draft indictment 
Work Product 
6(e) 
Deliberative process 
Box #2 
P-010794 
Thru 
P-010829 
File folder entitled "Epstein" containing sample 
indictments and attorney research re potential 
charges with attorney notes 
Work Product 
Box #2 
P-010830 
Thru 
P-010853 
File folder entitled "1591 & Money Laundering" 
containing attorney research and handwritten 
notes 
Work Product 
Box #2 
P-010854 
Thru 
P-010876 
File folder entitled "18 USC 2425" containing 
attorney research and handwritten notes 
Work Product 
Box #2 
P-010877 
Thru 
P-010920 
File folder entitled "Knowledge of Age" 
containing attorney research and handwritten 
notes 
Work Product 
Box #2 
P-010921 
Thru 
P-011049 
File folder entitled "2423(b) Constitutionality and 
Purpose of Travel" containing attorney research 
and handwritten notes 
Work Product 
Box #2 
P-011050 
Thru 
P-011212 
File folder entitled "Mistake not a 
Defense" containing attorney research and 
handwritten notes 
Work Product 
Box #2 
P-011213 
Thru 
P-011237 
File folder entitled "Research re `Pandering—
containing attorney research and handwritten 
notes 
Work Product 
Box #2 
P-011238 
Thru 
P-011319 
File folder entitled "Research re Grand Jury 
Instructions" containing attorney research and 
handwritten notes 
Work Product 
6(e) 
Box #2 
P-011320 
Thru 
P-011361 
File folder entitled "Telephone = Facility of 
Commerce" containing attorney research and 
handwritten notes 
Work Product 
Box #2 
P-011362 
Thru 
P-011374 
File folder entitled "Def of Prostitution" 
containing attorney research and handwritten 
notes 
Work Product 
Page 17 of 23 
EFTA00591974
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 18 of 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #2 
P-011375 
Thru 
P-011456 
File folder entitled "Relevant Florida Statutes" 
containing attorney research and handwritten 
notes 
Work Product 
Box #2 
P-011457 
Thru 
P-011626 
File folder entitled "Unit of Prosecution 
Research" containing attorney research and 
handwritten notes 
Work Product 
Box #3 
P-011627 
Thru 
P-011662 
File folder entitled "Attorney Notes" containing 
attorney handwritten and typed notes 
Work Product 
Box #3 
P-011663 
Thru 
P-011698 and 
P-012189 thru 
P-012361 
(gap was 
scanning error) 
File folder entitled "Drafts" containing draft 
indictments with attorney handwritten notes, draft 
internal memoranda, relevant witness interview 
reports and grand jury material and attorney 
handwritten notes 
6(e) 
Work Product 
Deliberative Process 
Investigative Privilege 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this 
Box #3 
P-011699 
Thru 
P-011777 
File folder entitled "6/9/09 Signed Indictment" 
containing signed indictment package dated 
6/9/2009 with corrections 
6(e) 
Work product 
Deliberative process 
Box #3 
P-011778 
Thru 
P-011788 
File folder entitled "6/12/09 Victim Notif. Log" 
containing chart with victim contact information 
and attorney notes regarding dates and type of 
contacts 
Work product 
Box #3 
P-011789 
Thru 
P-011879 
File folder entitled "Breach Memo" containing 
memorandum analyzing breach of Non- 
Prosecution Agreement with attachments 
Work product 
Deliberative process 
Box #3 
P-011880 
Thru 
P-011922 
File folder entitled "Overt Act Lists" containing 
handwritten notes cross-checking all overt acts 
alleged in draft indictment by victim and typed 
overt act summary charts for indictment 
preparation 
Work product 
Attorney-client privilege 
Deliberative process 
6(e) 
Page 18 of 23 
EFTA00591975
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 19 of 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #3 
P-011923 
Thru 
P-011966 
Folder entitled "Responses to Arguments from JE 
Counsel" containing: 
■ 7/13/2007 letter from Lilly Ann Sanchez 
to Andrew Lourie with handwritten 
attorney (Lourie) notes; 
■ 6/25/2007 letter from Gerald Lefcourt to 
Jeffrey Sloman, Matt Menchal, Andrew 
Lourie, 
and 
Marie 
Villafafia 
with 
handwritten attorney (Villafafia) notes; 
■ 6/25/2007 email from Andrew Lourie to 
Matt 
Menchel 
and Marie 
Villafafia 
entitled "Thoughts on Lefcourt's letter" 
Handwritten and typed attorney (Villafafia) notes 
regarding main themes raised by Epstein counsel 
Work product 
Deliberative process 
6(e) 
Attorney-Client Privilege 
Box #3 
P-011967 
Thru 
P-012016 
Composition book entitled "Operation Leap 
Year" containing attorney handwritten notes 
regarding investigation and case strategy 
Work product 
Investigative privilege 
6(e) 
Contains information subject 
to privacy rights of victims 
who are not parties to this 
litigation 
Box #3 
P-012017 
Thru 
P-012055 
Motion of Jeffrey Epstein to Intervene and to 
Quash Grand Jury Subpoenas and Incorporated 
Memorandum of Law 
6(e) 
Box #3 
P-012056 
Thru 
P-012088 
Affidavit of Roy Black, Esq. in Support of 
Motion of Jeffrey Epstein to Intervene and to 
Quash Grand Jury Subpoenas 
6(e) 
Box #3 
P-012089 
Thru 
P-012129 
United States' Response to Motion of Jeffrey 
Epstein to Intervene and to Quash Grand Jury 
Subpoenas and Cross-Motion to Compel 
6(e) 
Box #3 
P-012130 
Thru 
P-012150 
Declaration of Joseph Recarey 
6(e) 
Box #3 
P-012151 
Thru 
P-012167 
Ex Parte Declaration Number One in Support of 
United States' Response to Motion to Quash 
Subpoenas 
6(e) 
Investigative Privilege 
Also contains information 
subject to privacy rights of 
victims who are not parties to 
this litigation 
Page 19 of 23 
EFTA00591976
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 20 of 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #3 
P-012168 
Thru 
P-012170 
Ex Parte Declaration Number Two in Support of 
United States' Response to Motion to Quash 
Subpoenas 
6(e) 
Investigative Privilege 
Box #3 
P-012171 
Thru 
P-012173 
Supplement to Ex Parte Declaration Number One 
in Support of United States' Response to Motion 
to Quash Subpoenas 
6(e) 
Investigative Privilege 
Also contains information 
subject to privacy rights of 
victims who are not parties to 
this litigation 
Box #3 
P-012174 
Thru 
P-012176 
Draft of September 2009 letter from Marie 
Villafafia to Roy Black regarding breach of Non 
Prosecution Agreement with handwritten attorney 
(Villafafia) notes 
Work Product 
Attorney-Client Privilege 
Deliberative Process 
Box #3 
P-012177 
Thru 
P-012178 
Undated handwritten attorney (Villafafia) notes 
regarding negotiations and allegations 
Work Product 
Attorney-Client Privilege 
Deliberative Process 
Box #3 
P-012179 
Thru 
P-012188 
File Folder entitled "FBI G.J. Log" containing 
copy of FBI grand jury subpoena log with 
attorney (Villafafia) handwritten notes 
6(e) 
Work Product 
Investigative Privilege 
Also contains information 
subject to privacy rights of 
victims who are not parties to 
this litigation 
Box #3 
P-012362 
Thru 
P-012451 
File folder entitled "Key Documents" containing 
correspondence between AUSA and case agent 
regarding indictment prep questions, victim 
identification information, corrections to draft 
indictment, indictment preparation timeline, key 
grand jury material 
6(e) 
Work Product 
Attorney-Client privilege 
Investigative Privilege 
Also contains information 
subject to privacy rights of 
victims who are not parties to 
this litigation 
Box #3 
P-012451 
Thru 
P-012452 
File folder entitled "Victim List" containing list 
of victims with dates of birth and age information 
Work Product 
Investigative Privilege 
Also contains information 
subject to privacy rights of 
victims who are not parties to 
this litigation 
Page 20 of 23 
EFTA00591977
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 21 of 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #3 
P-012453 
Thru 
P-012623 
Complete indictment package marked "Originals 
12/12/07" 
Work-product 
Deliberative process 
6(e) 
Also contains documents 
subject to investigative 
privilege 
Also contains documents 
subject to privacy rights of 
victims who are not parties to 
this litigation 
Box #3 
P-012624 
Thru 
P-012653 
Folder entitled "(Victims) Additional 302's" 
containing reports of interviews conducted in 
June 2007, October 2007, and March 2008. 
Investigative Privilege 
Also contains documents 
subject to privacy rights of 
victims who are not parties to 
this litigation 
Box #3 
P-012654 
Thru 
P-012864 
3-ring binder entitled "Child Molesters: A 
Behavioral Analysis" with attorney (Villafafia) 
handwritten notes 
Work-product 
Box #3 
P-012865 
Thru 
P-013226 
Indictment preparation binder containing: 
witness/victim list with identifying information, 
sexual activity summary, telephone call summary 
chart, attorney (Villafafia) handwritten notes, 
302s, portions of state investigative file, attorney 
(Villafafia) typed notes, relevant pieces of grand 
jury materials, telephone records/flight records 
analysis charts, victim/witness photographs, 
DAVID records, NCICs, and related materials for 
persons identified as Jane Does #9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 
Work Product 
Deliberative Process 
6(e) 
Also contains documents 
subject to investigative 
privilege 
Also contains documents 
subject to privacy rights of 
victims who are not parties to 
this litigation 
Box #3 
P-013227 
April 23, 2008 Memo from Jeffrey Sloman to 
Office of Professional Responsibility re Self 
Reporting, Corrected Version of the previously 
submitted April 21, 2008 Letter to OPR 
Privacy Act 
Box #3 
P-013226 
Thru 
P-013230 
April 21, 2008 Letter from Jeffrey Sloman to 
Office of Professional Responsibility re Self 
Reporting 
Privacy Act 
Box #3 
P-013231 
Thru 
P-013239 
April 22, 2008 Letter from A. Marie Villafafia to 
Office of Professional Responsibility re Self-
Report of Allegation of Conflict of Interest 
Privacy Act 
Page 21 of 23 
EFTA00591978
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 22 of 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #3 
P-013240 
Thru 
P-013247 
April 21, 2008 Letter from Jeffrey Sloman to 
Office of Professional Responsibility re Self 
Reporting with attachments 
Privacy Act 
Box #3 
P-013248 
Thru 
P-013251 
Emails between 
Richard Sudder, Assistant 
General Counsel, Executive Office for United 
States Attorneys, and Benjamin Greenberg, First 
Assistant U.S. Attorney, Southern District of 
Florida, regarding Formal Notice of Office-wide 
Recusal of Southern District of Florida dated 
August 24 and August 29, 2011 
Attorney-Client Privilege 
Box #3 
P-013252 
Thru 
P-013253 
Emails between 
Richard Sudder, Assistant 
General Counsel, Executive Office for United 
States Attorneys, and Benjamin Greenberg, First 
Assistant U.S. Attorney, Southern District of 
Florida, regarding Recusal matter, dated July 28, 
August 3, and August 24, 2011 
Attorney-Client Privilege 
Box #3 
P-013254 
Thru 
P-013257 
Emails between 
Richard Sudder, Assistant 
General Counsel, Executive Office for United 
States Attorneys, and Benjamin Greenberg, First 
Assistant U.S. Attorney, Southern District of 
Florida, regarding Formal Notice of Office-wide 
Recusal of Southern District of Florida dated 
August 24 and August 29, 2011 
Attorney-Client Privilege 
Box #3 
P-013258 
Thru 
P-013259 
Emails between 
Richard Sudder, Assistant 
General Counsel, Executive Office for United 
States Attorneys, and Benjamin Greenberg, First 
Assistant U.S. Attorney, Southern District of 
Florida, regarding Formal Notice of Office-wide 
Recusal of Southern District of Florida dated July 
and August 3, 2011 
Attorney-Client Privilege 
Box #3 
P-013260 
Thru 
P-013262 
Email from Richard Sudder, Assistant General 
Counsel, Executive Office for United States 
Attorneys, to Wifredo Ferrer (U.S. Attorney, 
SDFL), Robert O'Neill (U.S. Attorney, MDFL), 
Benjamin Greenberg, (FAUSA, SDFL), and Lee 
Bentley (FAUSA, MDFL) regarding Formal 
Notice of Office-wide Recusal of Southern 
District of Florida dated August 24, 2011. CC's 
David Margolis (ODAG), Jay Macklin (USAEO), 
Thomas Anderson (USAEO), Michelle Tapken 
(USAEO), James Read (USAEO) 
Attorney-Client Privilege 
Page 22 of 23 
EFTA00591979
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 212-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/19/2013 Page 23 of 
Bates Range 
Description 
Privilege(s) Asserted 
Box #3 
Emails between 
Richard Sudder, Assistant 
Attorney-Client Privilege 
P-013263 
General Counsel, Executive Office for United 
Deliberative Process 
Thru 
States Attorneys, and Benjamin Greenberg, First 
Work Product 
P-013271 
Assistant U.S. Attorney, Southern District of 
Florida, regarding recusal of Southern District of 
Florida, dated July 29, 2011, with attached 
memorandum from A. Marie Villafafia to 
Benjamin 
Greenberg 
summarizing 
Jeffrey 
Epstein Investigation 
Box #3 
Emails between Peter Mason, Executive Office 
Attorney-Client Privilege 
P-013272 
Thru 
for United States Attorneys, and Dexter Lee, 
Southern District of Florida, seeking advice 
P-013278 
regarding office-wide recusal, dated December 16 
and 17, 2010, with attached letter from Paul 
Cassell to Wifredo A. Ferrer, dated December 10, 
2010 
Page 23 of 23 
EFTA00591980

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591981.pdf
----------------------------------------
MSP Film Fund — Funds Flow Diagram 
I 
C 
C
U 
a{t C 
C 
C 
U
U 
U 
C 
U 
a 
EFTA00591981

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591982.pdf
----------------------------------------
AT&T Has LIT Small Cells 'in the Lab' 
THE ULTIMATE RESOURCE FOR IT, BY IT 
Unlimited access to comprehensive research and analysis reports 
AT&T's HSPA+ metrocells are getting ready for nationwide prime time, with the operator testing 
combo LTE/3G & Wi-Fi units in the lab 
By Dan Jones Light Reading 
April 04, 2013 
URL: http://wonv.liohtreadino.com/at-tiatt-has-Ite-small-cells-in-the-lab/240152270 
AT&T Inc now has sma➢ cells in the lab that combine 3G, 4G and Wi-Fl and is gearing up for a nationwide hunch of 
the technology that will be part of its HSPA+ network. 
'Small cells" has been the blanket term for a new breed of tiny base station that can be used to increase data speeds, 
voice coverage and network density as data traffic grows. As you'll see, for AT&T these little radios wi➢ cony in 
several flavors. 
The operator's senior VP of small cells, Gordon Mansfield, was on hand at AT&Ts Innovation Showcase in downtown 
New York on Thursday morning to give fight Reading Mobile some more insight into the operator's ambitions. (See 
AT&Ts Armada: 4G Sma➢ Cells & More.)
'They're currently in my lab," Mansfield says of the combo LTEBG/Wi-Fi small cells. AT&T defines these units as a 
Multi-Standard Metrocell (MSM). The operator intends for these multirnode units to be deployed in public venues with 
indoor and outdoor versions that support up to 64 simultaneous ca➢s. 
LR Mobile asked Mansfield when the MSM units will start to move out of the lab and onto the network. "It would be 
foolish to think less than a year" but probably won't take two years, he said. 
Metrocells that wi➢ increase voice coverage and data speeds on AT&Ts HSPA+ network, which it markets as "4G", 
are coming much sooner. 'We've got a significant portion of the country updated," Mansfield says. 
AT&T defines a "Metrocell" as a "4G" unit that can be deployed in big offices or neighborhoods, with indoor and 
outdoor versions that can support up to 32 simultaneous calls. At the showcase event, AT&T was boasting that the 
metrocells have achieved nearly 100 percent outdoor coverage in Crystal Park Lake, Mo. The Crystal Park Lake area 
is a Missouri Class 4 city with a population of around 470 that covers an area of 64 acres. AT&T has also been testing 
sma➢ cells in an enterprise setting in the Milwaukee metro area and a high-rise business setting in NYC. 
AT&T had an Alcatel-1 urea 9364 version 2 outdoor microce➢ on show at the event. Mansfield said that he is looking 
for both the MSM and metroce➢ deployments to be multivendor 
Ahead of the nationwide switch-on for the HSPA+ metroce➢ deployment, AT&T has been working to update its data 
EFTA00591982
--- PAGE 2 ---
centers and roll out updates to its mobile switching centers (MSCs) in its core network. The MSCs manage call services 
for phones roaming in its area. 
This is necessary for the phone to work as the user would expect when roaming across the small-cell network. "If they 
dial 911, it better route to 911 and not somewhere eke," Mansfield notes. 
'That's coming pretty soon," Mansfield says of these updates. 
AT&T has famously -- or maybe infamously -- said that it will deploy 40,000 small cells through the end of 2015. So, 
we asked Mansfield how he sees that target moving along. 
"At this point I see no reason to believe that we won't hit that number ... and we could revise it next year," he said. 
— Dan Jones, Site Editor Light Reading Mobile 
Copyright © 2012 United Business Media LLC. All rights reserved. 
EFTA00591983

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591984.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Sat. 04 February 2017 14:54:23 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page I of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator EDFVEN 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
MISHI/A 
SILINN 
Ticket DL0067944171619-04FEB 
Ticket DL0067944171620-04FEB 
Travel Details 
Wednesday 08 Feb 17 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Delta Air Lines 
Flight 
DL 2370 
Origin 
New York La Guardia, La Guardia 
Destination 
West Palm Beach. 
Palm Beach International 
Departing 
06:25 PM 
Sullying 
09:51 PM 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal D 
Class 
T Economy Class 
Seats 
26A, 26B 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Loyalty Program 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 26 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing (Douglas) Md-88 
Meal 
Refrshmnt/Pur 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
NIL 
DL 
9017764433 
Additional Messages 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary EDFVEN 
EFTA00591984
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available• 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at vole am =r r mete --is. -rtn.t-
To book your stay. visit amertcanexpress.comlfhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Cenein room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cat Centurion Travel Service for details 
•• Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
For more information on benefits and eligibility, please visit: 
• Centurion Hotel Program: zelluOCalCs710 
• FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS: ams.tratOMtr 
• The Hotel Collection: 
zanexpress.corniusicredit-cardsthenefitsidetatthe-hotel-collectionipremier-oold 
• International Airline Program: .a
inericanexpress.com 
• Cruise Privileges Program: amenrnnexoress comrcrutseorrtnieves 
• Platinum Destinations Vacations: amenciAPtcprnss comlivVrtocla-cArdvbennMAteleMitlolallnum-deslmallons-varatinnsplat nt ice 
• Pay with Ports: amercanexpress.cokpa 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and condibons set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any lodging, tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of American Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries or affiliates (colectively. 'Amex") has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
impoeed charges. including. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-out. You may wish to inquire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optimal travel insurance can be purchased at wwtv alharz cc ^t. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
thanualsnal Trays' nnrumnntatinn and Information; 
Travelers desiring transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining al necessary travel documents and complying with all government travel 
requirements. You must present all exit, entry and other documents rectisred by law. Amex shall not be responsible to you for any loss or expense due to your failure to 
comply with such reckrements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carnage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws, regulations. orders. 
demands. or requirements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibikty to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your journey. Many 
countries require that your passport be valid for up to six (6) months from your date of entry or planned departure date from tne foregn country. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at http 
sate gomcoment,. 
. Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on the foregoing 
website. 
• Air Transportation 
Airlines reserve the right to change your seats at any time due to operational needs/aircraft reconfiguration. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important 
notices apply to air transportation. Please visit I:dtpc•,,mynntextrayel ram:Vlatir:rnnwdLon• for more information. 
• 
Airline Notice on Hazardous Materials 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carnage of hazardous materials aboard akeraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids, oxidizers, 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials corned on your person. For further 
information contact your airline representative or visit https:.,.towNtaa.ctoviab.,ucin natives.thazmat safety:. 
• Liability Statement 
Page 2 of 3 
Itinerary EDFVEN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00591985
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
You understand and agree that Amencan Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affikates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex"). 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons a property resulting. diectly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of omissions of travel suppbers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or failures of 
equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil unrest. 
strikes. riots. theft, disease. accidents or failures related to the public intemet. telecommunications lines or facilities. a third party technology systems. IX any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a bduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets a other goals, and from tine to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to ow marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From tine to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and 
these arrangements, including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries. we 
may consider a number of factors, including supplier available), and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
SiMP-SDae jilt Disclosures' 
CALIFORNIA; Upon cancellation of the transportation or travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled kr violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier. 
without obtaining a refund and such other provider fads to provide the agreed-upon transportation a service. In this situation. the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records estabieshing the disbursement of the customer payment. and if disbursed to a registered wholesaler d 
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seder of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in Cafrfornia at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with the 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than S50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when requied. The maximum amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed S15.000. A claim must be submitted to the TCRF wither 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A clam 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the clan and a 535 processing fee. Claimants must agree to wane their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating seler of travel for matters aristrg out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRF's websrte at xrww tcrcinfo gat 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
HAWAII: Please visit r 
nvliidesi201 106{censuff 
t; nit for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which maimacs cur travel agency trust account is Bank of Hawaii. Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue. Honolulu. HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account 
California CS1r1022318. Washington USIN6e0469-694. Iowa TA0669. 
Page 3 of 3 
Itinerary EDFVEN 
EFTA00591986

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591987.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591987.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
and L.M., individually, 
Defendant. 
MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 
COMES NOW Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. (FJW) and 
Gary M. Farmer, Jr., Steven R. Jaffe, Matthew D. Weissing, Mark S. Fistos and Seth M. 
Lehrman individually, through counsel and pursuant to Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.280(c), 
and hereby file this Motion for Protective Order regarding the documents and information sought 
by Plaintiff Jeffrey Epstein in the Deposition Duces Tecum served on Bradley J. Edwards, and as 
grounds states as follows: 
1. 
EPSTEIN served a Notice of Deposition Duces Tecum on Bradley Edwards, 
requesting documents and information that are clearly protected by attorney-client and work 
product privilege and/or which are the private property of FJW or their clients or request 
information that is not reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence. 
2. 
The FJW firm and its individual members move for the entry of a Protective 
Order related to the subpoena duces tecum served upon Brad Edwards. 
EFTA00591987
--- PAGE 2 ---
3. 
Movants have been apprised of a recently issued subpoena duces tecum served by 
Jeffrey Epstein upon Brad Edwards personally. The request infringes upon the privacy rights of 
FJW and FJW's members all of whom are non-parties to the litigation. 
4. 
Likewise the request infringes upon the privacy rights of FJW clients, also non-
parties to the litigation. 
5. 
Specifically, Epstein has requested Edwards to bring to his deposition copies of 
FJW tax returns, distributions, schedule K-Is, and any other documents related to gross income 
of FJW for the past 4 calendar years; copies of all documentation related to all settlements, 
attorneys' fees awards, jury verdict awards, and arbitration/mediation income of FJW; income 
tax records for 2013 of FJW; and the FJW partnership agreement. 
6. 
These requests invade the proprietary interests of the law firm, infringe upon the 
individual privacy rights of each of its members (also non-parties to the suit), as well as the 
privacy of each of the firms' clients (also non-parties to the suit). 
7. 
As has been Epstein's strategy from the onset of this litigation, he continues to 
tactically game the system in order to harass Edwards and FJW, despite the fact that his requests 
bear no relevance whatsoever to the pending action. 
8. 
The information requested of this non-party to the litigation is highly confidential 
and must be protected from disclosure in this action. 
9. 
In addition to the extreme and unprecedented infringement on the privacy rights 
of FJW and its members, compliance with such an outrageous request would be overly 
burdensome and would impact upon the Firm's attorney-client and work-product privileges. 
10. 
If the privacy rights of FJW clients are to be infringed, then FJW will be required 
to undertake the onerous task of locating and notifying those clients that their claims, recoveries 
EFTA00591988
--- PAGE 3 ---
and other personal information is being disclosed to Jeffrey Epstein, a known pedophile, as well 
presumably to other unknown and unidentified third parties. 
11. 
The affected FJW clients must be afforded the opportunity to appear and be heard. 
why their private information should not be disclosed/revealed to third parties. 
12. 
Safeguards and Court Orders will have to be created and put in place on a case by 
case basis to ensure that information which has previously been private is protected against 
public disclosure, dissemination to unauthorized persons, inclusion in databases, or other 
invasions of the privacy of the uninvolved clients. 
13. 
Should this Honorable Court determine that disclosure of non-parties' financial 
information is appropriate, Florida law requires that prior to disclosing 
that financial 
information, the Court must perform an In Camera review of all financial information and hold 
an evidentiary hearing regarding the propriety of disclosing that financial information . 
14. 
The far-reaching discovery and disclosure of the financial information of third 
parties not involved in this litigation should be prevented. 
WHEREFORE, FJW and its members, respectfully move this Court to enter an Order of 
Protection precluding EPSTEIN from obtaining the discovery he is seeking in his Subpoena Duces 
Tecum to Bradley Edwards. 
CERTIFICATE RE: E-FILING AND E-SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that this Motion for Protective Order was filed electronically in 
compliance with Florida Rules of Judicial Administration 2.515 and 2.516(e). 
I FURTHER CERTIFY that this Motion for Protective Order was served electronically in 
compliance with Florida Rule of Judicial Administration 2.516(b)(2)(A) to the SERVICE LIST, 
this 30th day of April, 2013. 
EFTA00591989
--- PAGE 4 ---
I FURTHER CERTIFY for purposes of service of any documents after initial process that 
staff.efile©pathtojustice.com is primary, no secondary. 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSINO, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, PL 
Attorneys for Plaintiff(s) 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301 
a
LcEPHONE 
matt@pathtojustice.com 
BY: 
SING 
FLO 
AR #559792 
EFTA00591990
--- PAGE 5 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
jgoldberger@agwpa.com; 
smahoney@agwpa.com 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
33401 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Fred Haddad, Esquire 
Dee®FredHaddadLaw.com; 
haddadfm®aol.com 
Fred Haddad, P.A. 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
tonja@tonjahaddad.com; 
Debbie®Tonjahaddad.com 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
301 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack Scarola, Esquire 
jsx®searcylaw.com; mep®searcylaw.com 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
Marc S. Nurik, Esquire 
marc®nuriklaw.com 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
orneys br Seen Kothstein 
EFTA00591991

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00591992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00591992.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL & PROPRIETARY 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (the "Agreement') dated as of June 7, 2007, 
between each of the assignors listed on Annex A hereto under the heading "Name of Assignor" 
(each, an "Assignor") and Black Family Partners, 
(the "Assignee"). 
Recitals:
A. 
Each Assignor is currently a limited partner of the limited partnerships listed opposite its 
name on Annex A hereto under the heading "Name of Limited Partnership" (the 
"Partnerships") and holds a limited partner interest in each such Partnership (a 
"Partnership Interest'). 
B. 
Each Assignor is currently a member of the limited liability companies listed opposite its 
name on Annex B hereto under the heading "Name of Company" (the "LLCs") and holds 
a limited liability company interest in each such LW (an "LLC Interest"). 
C. 
Each Assignor is currently a stockholder of the companies listed opposite its name on 
Annex C hereto under the heading "Name of Company" (the "Companies") and holds 
shares of stock in each such Company (the "Stock"). 
D. 
The Assignors desire to set over, assign and transfer 100% of their Partnership Interests 
in the relevant Partnerships (each, a "Transferred Partnership Interest) to the Assignee 
pursuant to the Transfer Provisions (as defined below) of the respective limited 
partnership agreements of each such Partnership (such limited partnership agreements are 
set forth in Annex A under the heading "Partnership Agreement" and are collectively 
referred to herein as the "Partnership Agreements'), with effect on the books and 
records of such Partnership as of June 7, 2007 (the "Effective Date"), and the Assignee 
desires to hereby assume the obligations of each Assignor as a limited partner of the 
respective Partnership with respect to the applicable Transferred Partnership Interest 
pursuant to the terms of the applicable Partnership Agreement, with effect as of the 
Effective Date. 
E. 
The Assignors desire to set over, assign and transfer 100% of their LLC Interests in the 
relevant LLCs (each, a "Transferred LLC Interest') to the Assignee pursuant to the 
Transfer Provisions of the respective limited liability company agreements of each such 
LLC (such limited liability company agreements are set forth in Annex B under the 
heading "Limited Liability Company Agreements" and are collectively referred to herein 
as the "LLC Agreements"), with effect on the books and records of such LLC as of the 
Effective Date, and the Assignee desires to hereby assume the obligations of each 
Assignor as a member of the respective LLC with respect to the applicable Transferred 
LLC Interest pursuant to the terms of the applicable LLC Agreement, with effect as of the 
Effective Date. 
F. 
The Assignors desires to set over, assign and transfer 100% of their Stock in each of the 
Companies (the "Transferred Stock" and, together with the Transferred Partnership 
EAST 7795002 
EFTA00591992
--- PAGE 2 ---
Interests and the Transferred LLC Interests, the "Transferred Interests") to the Assignee 
pursuant to the Transfer Provisions of the respective organizational documents of each 
such Company (such organizational documents are set forth in Annex B under the 
heading "Charter Document' and are collectively referred to herein as the "Charter 
Documents"), with effect on the books and records of such Company as of the Effective 
Date, and the Assignee desires to assume the obligations of each Assignor as a 
stockholder of the respective Company with respect to the applicable Transferred Stock 
pursuant to the terms of the applicable Charter Documents, with effect as of the Effective 
Date. 
G. 
The assignment and assumption effected by this instrument are permitted pursuant to the 
Transfer Provisions of the respective Partnership Agreements, LLC Agreements, and the 
Charter Documents. 
"Transfer Provisions" shall mean, collectively, the transfer 
provisions of each Partnership Agreement, LLC Agreement and Charter Document set 
forth in Annex A, Annex B, and Annex C under the heading "Transfer Provisions." 
Now, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein, the parties hereby 
agree as follows: 
1. 
Assignment 
The Assignors hereby assign, transfer, convey and deliver to the Assignee such 
Assignor's respective Transferred Interests, together with all associated rights, privileges, 
restrictions and obligations related to each such Transferred Interest, with effect as of the 
Effective Date. Each Transferred Interest is transferred and assigned to the Assignee, as 
of the Effective Date, free and clear of any liens, claims or encumbrances except for such 
restrictions as are imposed by the applicable Partnership Agreement, LLC Agreement or 
Charter Document Each of the Assignors and the Assignee acknowledges and agrees 
that, upon the substitution of the Assignee in place of the Assignor as a limited partner in 
the relevant Partnership (a "Limited Partner"), a member in the relevant LW (a 
"Member") or a shareholder in the relevant Company (a "Shareholder") with respect to a 
Transferred Interest, the Assignee shall be recorded on the relevant entity's books and 
records as the owner of such Transferred Interest with effect as of the Effective Date and 
the Assignor shall thereafter be released from all obligations arising in respect of such 
Transferred Interest and shall cease to be a Limited Partner, Member or Shareholder to 
the extent of such Transferred Interest. 
2. 
Assumption 
The Assignee hereby accepts the assignment of the Transferred Interests and hereby (a) 
agrees to become a substitute Limited Partner in the Partnership with respect to the 
applicable Transferred Partnership Interest in the place and stead of each Assignor and to 
join in and be bound by all of the terms of the applicable Partnership Agreement, (b) 
agrees to become a substitute Member in the LLC with respect to the applicable 
Transferred LLC Interest in the place and stead of each Assignor and to join in and be 
bound by all of the terms of the applicable LLC Agreement, (c) agrees to become a 
substitute Shareholder in the Company with respect tb the applicable Transferred Stock in 
EAST 7795002 
EFTA00591993
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00591994
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00591995
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00591996
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00591997
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00591998
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00591999
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00592000
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00592001
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00592002
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00592003
--- PAGE 13 ---
EFTA00592004
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00592005
--- PAGE 15 ---
EFTA00592006
--- PAGE 16 ---
EFTA00592007
--- PAGE 17 ---
EFTA00592008
--- PAGE 18 ---
EFTA00592009
--- PAGE 19 ---
EFTA00592010
--- PAGE 20 ---
EFTA00592011
--- PAGE 21 ---
EFTA00592012
--- PAGE 22 ---
EFTA00592013
--- PAGE 23 ---
EFTA00592014
--- PAGE 24 ---
EFTA00592015
--- PAGE 25 ---
EFTA00592016
--- PAGE 26 ---
EFTA00592017
--- PAGE 27 ---
EFTA00592018
--- PAGE 28 ---
EFTA00592019
--- PAGE 29 ---
EFTA00592020
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA00592021
--- PAGE 31 ---
EFTA00592022
--- PAGE 32 ---
EFTA00592023
--- PAGE 33 ---
EFTA00592024
--- PAGE 34 ---
EFTA00592025
--- PAGE 35 ---
EFTA00592026
--- PAGE 36 ---
EFTA00592027

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592028.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592028.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL & PROPRIETARY 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (the "Agreement') dated as of June 7, 2007, 
between each of the assignors listed on Annex A hereto under the heading "Name of Assignor" 
(each, an "Assignor") and Black Family Partners, L.P. (the "Assignee"). 
Recitals:
A. 
Each Assignor is currently a limited partner of the limited partnerships listed opposite its 
name on Annex A hereto under the heading "Name of Limited Partnership" (the 
"Partnerships") and holds a limited partner interest in each such Partnership (a 
"Partnership Interest'). 
B. 
Each Assignor is currently a member of the limited liability companies listed opposite its 
name on Annex B hereto under the heading "Name of Company" (the "LLCs") and holds 
a limited liability company interest in each such LW (an "LLC Interest). 
C. 
Each Assignor is currently a stockholder of the companies listed opposite its name on 
Annex C hereto under the heading "Name of Company" (the "Companies") and holds 
shares of stock in each such Company (the "Stock"). 
D. 
The Assignors desire to set over, assign and transfer 100% of their Partnership Interests 
in the relevant Partnerships (each, a "Transferred Partnership Interest) to the Assignee 
pursuant to the Transfer Provisions (as defined below) of the respective limited 
partnership agreements of each such Partnership (such limited partnership agreements are 
set forth in Annex A under the heading "Partnership Agreement" and are collectively 
referred to herein as the "Partnership Agreements'), with effect on the books and 
records of such Partnership as of June 7, 2007 (the "Effective Date"), and the Assignee 
desires to hereby assume the obligations of each Assignor as a limited partner of the 
respective Partnership with respect to the applicable Transferred Partnership Interest 
pursuant to the terms of the applicable Partnership Agreement, with effect as of the 
Effective Date. 
E. 
The Assignors desire to set over, assign and transfer 100% of their LLC Interests in the 
relevant LLCs (each, a "Transferred LLC Interest') to the Assignee pursuant to the 
Transfer Provisions of the respective limited liability company agreements of each such 
LLC (such limited liability company agreements are set forth in Annex B under the 
heading "Limited Liability Company Agreements" and are collectively referred to herein 
as the "LLC Agreements"), with effect on the books and records of such LLC as of the 
Effective Date, and the Assignee desires to hereby assume the obligations of each 
Assignor as a member of the respective LLC with respect to the applicable Transferred 
LLC Interest pursuant to the terms of the applicable LLC Agreement, with effect as of the 
Effective Date. 
F. 
The Assignors desires to set over, assign and transfer 100% of their Stock in each of the 
Companies (the "Transferred Stock" and, together with the Transferred Partnership 
EAST 7795002 
EFTA00592028
--- PAGE 2 ---
Interests and the Transferred LLC Interests, the "Transferred Interests") to the Assignee 
pursuant to the Transfer Provisions of the respective organizational documents of each 
such Company (such organizational documents are set forth in Annex B under the 
heading "Charter Document' and are collectively referred to herein as the "Charter 
Documents"), with effect on the books and records of such Company as of the Effective 
Date, and the Assignee desires to assume the obligations of each Assignor as a 
stockholder of the respective Company with respect to the applicable Transferred Stock 
pursuant to the terms of the applicable Charter Documents, with effect as of the Effective 
Date. 
G. 
The assignment and assumption effected by this instrument are permitted pursuant to the 
Transfer Provisions of the respective Partnership Agreements, LLC Agreements, and the 
Charter Documents. 
"Transfer Provisions" shall mean, collectively, the transfer 
provisions of each Partnership Agreement, LLC Agreement and Charter Document set 
forth in Annex A, Annex B, and Annex C under the heading "Transfer Provisions." 
Now, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein, the parties hereby 
agree as follows: 
1. 
Assignment 
The Assignors hereby assign, transfer, convey and deliver to the Assignee such 
Assignor's respective Transferred Interests, together with all associated rights, privileges, 
restrictions and obligations related to each such Transferred Interest, with effect as of the 
Effective Date. Each Transferred Interest is transferred and assigned to the Assignee, as 
of the Effective Date, free and clear of any liens, claims or encumbrances except for such 
restrictions as are imposed by the applicable Partnership Agreement, LLC Agreement or 
Charter Document Each of the Assignors and the Assignee acknowledges and agrees 
that, upon the substitution of the Assignee in place of the Assignor as a limited partner in 
the relevant Partnership (a "Limited Partner"), a member in the relevant LW (a 
"Member") or a shareholder in the relevant Company (a "Shareholder") with respect to a 
Transferred Interest, the Assignee shall be recorded on the relevant entity's books and 
records as the owner of such Transferred Interest with effect as of the Effective Date and 
the Assignor shall thereafter be released from all obligations arising in respect of such 
Transferred Interest and shall cease to be a Limited Partner, Member or Shareholder to 
the extent of such Transferred Interest. 
2. 
Assumption 
The Assignee hereby accepts the assignment of the Transferred Interests and hereby (a) 
agrees to become a substitute Limited Partner in the Partnership with respect to the 
applicable Transferred Partnership Interest in the place and stead of each Assignor and to 
join in and be bound by all of the terms of the applicable Partnership Agreement, (b) 
agrees to become a substitute Member in the LLC with respect to the applicable 
Transferred LLC Interest in the place and stead of each Assignor and to join in and be 
bound by all of the terms of the applicable LLC Agreement, (c) agrees to become a 
substitute Shareholder in the Company with respect tb the applicable Transferred Stock in 
EAST 7795002 
EFTA00592029
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00592030
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00592031
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00592032
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00592033
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00592034
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00592035
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00592036
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00592037
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00592038
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00592039
--- PAGE 13 ---
EFTA00592040
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00592041
--- PAGE 15 ---
EFTA00592042
--- PAGE 16 ---
EFTA00592043
--- PAGE 17 ---
EFTA00592044
--- PAGE 18 ---
EFTA00592045
--- PAGE 19 ---
EFTA00592046
--- PAGE 20 ---
EFTA00592047
--- PAGE 21 ---
EFTA00592048
--- PAGE 22 ---
EFTA00592049
--- PAGE 23 ---
EFTA00592050
--- PAGE 24 ---
EFTA00592051
--- PAGE 25 ---
EFTA00592052
--- PAGE 26 ---
EFTA00592053
--- PAGE 27 ---
EFTA00592054
--- PAGE 28 ---
EFTA00592055
--- PAGE 29 ---
EFTA00592056
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA00592057
--- PAGE 31 ---
EFTA00592058
--- PAGE 32 ---
EFTA00592059
--- PAGE 33 ---
EFTA00592060
--- PAGE 34 ---
EFTA00592061
--- PAGE 35 ---
EFTA00592062
--- PAGE 36 ---
EFTA00592063

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592064.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592064.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL & PROPRIETARY 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (the "Agreement') dated as of June 7, 2007, 
between each of the assignors listed on Annex A hereto under the heading "Name of Assignor" 
(each, an "Assignor") and Black Family Partners, L.P. (the "Assignee"). 
Recitals:
A. 
Each Assignor is currently a limited partner of the limited partnerships listed opposite its 
name on Annex A hereto under the heading "Name of Limited Partnership" (the 
"Partnerships") and holds a limited partner interest in each such Partnership (a 
"Partnership Interest'). 
B. 
Each Assignor is currently a member of the limited liability companies listed opposite its 
name on Annex B hereto under the heading "Name of Company" (the "LLCs") and holds 
a limited liability company interest in each such LW (an "LLC Interest). 
C. 
Each Assignor is currently a stockholder of the companies listed opposite its name on 
Annex C hereto under the heading "Name of Company" (the "Companies") and holds 
shares of stock in each such Company (the "Stock"). 
D. 
The Assignors desire to set over, assign and transfer 100% of their Partnership Interests 
in the relevant Partnerships (each, a "Transferred Partnership Interest) to the Assignee 
pursuant to the Transfer Provisions (as defined below) of the respective limited 
partnership agreements of each such Partnership (such limited partnership agreements are 
set forth in Annex A under the heading "Partnership Agreement" and are collectively 
referred to herein as the "Partnership Agreements'), with effect on the books and 
records of such Partnership as of June 7, 2007 (the "Effective Date"), and the Assignee 
desires to hereby assume the obligations of each Assignor as a limited partner of the 
respective Partnership with respect to the applicable Transferred Partnership Interest 
pursuant to the terms of the applicable Partnership Agreement, with effect as of the 
Effective Date. 
E. 
The Assignors desire to set over, assign and transfer 100% of their LLC Interests in the 
relevant LLCs (each, a "Transferred LLC Interest') to the Assignee pursuant to the 
Transfer Provisions of the respective limited liability company agreements of each such 
LLC (such limited liability company agreements are set forth in Annex B under the 
heading "Limited Liability Company Agreements" and are collectively referred to herein 
as the "LLC Agreements"), with effect on the books and records of such LLC as of the 
Effective Date, and the Assignee desires to hereby assume the obligations of each 
Assignor as a member of the respective LLC with respect to the applicable Transferred 
LLC Interest pursuant to the terms of the applicable LLC Agreement, with effect as of the 
Effective Date. 
F. 
The Assignors desires to set over, assign and transfer 100% of their Stock in each of the 
Companies (the "Transferred Stock" and, together with the Transferred Partnership 
EAST 7795002 
EFTA00592064
--- PAGE 2 ---
Interests and the Transferred LLC Interests, the "Transferred Interests") to the Assignee 
pursuant to the Transfer Provisions of the respective organizational documents of each 
such Company (such organizational documents are set forth in Annex B under the 
heading "Charter Document' and are collectively referred to herein as the "Charter 
Documents"), with effect on the books and records of such Company as of the Effective 
Date, and the Assignee desires to assume the obligations of each Assignor as a 
stockholder of the respective Company with respect to the applicable Transferred Stock 
pursuant to the terms of the applicable Charter Documents, with effect as of the Effective 
Date. 
G. 
The assignment and assumption effected by this instrument are permitted pursuant to the 
Transfer Provisions of the respective Partnership Agreements, LLC Agreements, and the 
Charter Documents. 
"Transfer Provisions" shall mean, collectively, the transfer 
provisions of each Partnership Agreement, LLC Agreement and Charter Document set 
forth in Annex A, Annex B, and Annex C under the heading "Transfer Provisions." 
Now, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein, the parties hereby 
agree as follows: 
1. 
Assignment 
The Assignors hereby assign, transfer, convey and deliver to the Assignee such 
Assignor's respective Transferred Interests, together with all associated rights, privileges, 
restrictions and obligations related to each such Transferred Interest, with effect as of the 
Effective Date. Each Transferred Interest is transferred and assigned to the Assignee, as 
of the Effective Date, free and clear of any liens, claims or encumbrances except for such 
restrictions as are imposed by the applicable Partnership Agreement, LLC Agreement or 
Charter Document Each of the Assignors and the Assignee acknowledges and agrees 
that, upon the substitution of the Assignee in place of the Assignor as a limited partner in 
the relevant Partnership (a "Limited Partner"), a member in the relevant LW (a 
"Member") or a shareholder in the relevant Company (a "Shareholder") with respect to a 
Transferred Interest, the Assignee shall be recorded on the relevant entity's books and 
records as the owner of such Transferred Interest with effect as of the Effective Date and 
the Assignor shall thereafter be released from all obligations arising in respect of such 
Transferred Interest and shall cease to be a Limited Partner, Member or Shareholder to 
the extent of such Transferred Interest. 
2. 
Assumption 
The Assignee hereby accepts the assignment of the Transferred Interests and hereby (a) 
agrees to become a substitute Limited Partner in the Partnership with respect to the 
applicable Transferred Partnership Interest in the place and stead of each Assignor and to 
join in and be bound by all of the terms of the applicable Partnership Agreement, (b) 
agrees to become a substitute Member in the LLC with respect to the applicable 
Transferred LLC Interest in the place and stead of each Assignor and to join in and be 
bound by all of the terms of the applicable LLC Agreement, (c) agrees to become a 
substitute Shareholder in the Company with respect tb the applicable Transferred Stock in 
EAST 7795002 
EFTA00592065
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00592066
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00592067
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00592068
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00592069
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00592070
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00592071
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00592072
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00592073
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00592074
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00592075
--- PAGE 13 ---
EFTA00592076
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00592077
--- PAGE 15 ---
EFTA00592078
--- PAGE 16 ---
EFTA00592079
--- PAGE 17 ---
EFTA00592080
--- PAGE 18 ---
EFTA00592081
--- PAGE 19 ---
EFTA00592082
--- PAGE 20 ---
EFTA00592083
--- PAGE 21 ---
EFTA00592084
--- PAGE 22 ---
EFTA00592085
--- PAGE 23 ---
EFTA00592086
--- PAGE 24 ---
EFTA00592087
--- PAGE 25 ---
EFTA00592088
--- PAGE 26 ---
EFTA00592089
--- PAGE 27 ---
EFTA00592090
--- PAGE 28 ---
EFTA00592091
--- PAGE 29 ---
EFTA00592092
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA00592093
--- PAGE 31 ---
EFTA00592094
--- PAGE 32 ---
EFTA00592095
--- PAGE 33 ---
EFTA00592096
--- PAGE 34 ---
EFTA00592097
--- PAGE 35 ---
EFTA00592098
--- PAGE 36 ---
EFTA00592099

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592100.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592100.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL & PROPRIETARY 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (the "Agreement') dated as of June 7, 2007, 
between each of the assignors listed on Annex A hereto under the heading "Name of Assignor" 
(each, an "Assignor") and Black Family Partners, L.P. (the "Assignee"). 
Recitals:
A. 
Each Assignor is currently a limited partner of the limited partnerships listed opposite its 
name on Annex A hereto under the heading "Name of Limited Partnership" (the 
"Partnerships") and holds a limited partner interest in each such Partnership (a 
"Partnership Interest'). 
B. 
Each Assignor is currently a member of the limited liability companies listed opposite its 
name on Annex B hereto under the heading "Name of Company" (the "LLCs") and holds 
a limited liability company interest in each such LW (an "LLC Interest). 
C. 
Each Assignor is currently a stockholder of the companies listed opposite its name on 
Annex C hereto under the heading "Name of Company" (the "Companies") and holds 
shares of stock in each such Company (the "Stock"). 
D. 
The Assignors desire to set over, assign and transfer 100% of their Partnership Interests 
in the relevant Partnerships (each, a "Transferred Partnership Interest) to the Assignee 
pursuant to the Transfer Provisions (as defined below) of the respective limited 
partnership agreements of each such Partnership (such limited partnership agreements are 
set forth in Annex A under the heading "Partnership Agreement" and are collectively 
referred to herein as the "Partnership Agreements'), with effect on the books and 
records of such Partnership as of June 7, 2007 (the "Effective Date"), and the Assignee 
desires to hereby assume the obligations of each Assignor as a limited partner of the 
respective Partnership with respect to the applicable Transferred Partnership Interest 
pursuant to the terms of the applicable Partnership Agreement, with effect as of the 
Effective Date. 
E. 
The Assignors desire to set over, assign and transfer 100% of their LLC Interests in the 
relevant LLCs (each, a "Transferred LLC Interest') to the Assignee pursuant to the 
Transfer Provisions of the respective limited liability company agreements of each such 
LLC (such limited liability company agreements are set forth in Annex B under the 
heading "Limited Liability Company Agreements" and are collectively referred to herein 
as the "LLC Agreements"), with effect on the books and records of such LLC as of the 
Effective Date, and the Assignee desires to hereby assume the obligations of each 
Assignor as a member of the respective LLC with respect to the applicable Transferred 
LLC Interest pursuant to the terms of the applicable LLC Agreement, with effect as of the 
Effective Date. 
F. 
The Assignors desires to set over, assign and transfer 100% of their Stock in each of the 
Companies (the "Transferred Stock" and, together with the Transferred Partnership 
EAST 7795002 
EFTA00592100
--- PAGE 2 ---
Interests and the Transferred LLC Interests, the "Transferred Interests") to the Assignee 
pursuant to the Transfer Provisions of the respective organizational documents of each 
such Company (such organizational documents are set forth in Annex B under the 
heading "Charter Document' and are collectively referred to herein as the "Charter 
Documents"), with effect on the books and records of such Company as of the Effective 
Date, and the Assignee desires to assume the obligations of each Assignor as a 
stockholder of the respective Company with respect to the applicable Transferred Stock 
pursuant to the terms of the applicable Charter Documents, with effect as of the Effective 
Date. 
G. 
The assignment and assumption effected by this instrument are permitted pursuant to the 
Transfer Provisions of the respective Partnership Agreements, LLC Agreements, and the 
Charter Documents. 
"Transfer Provisions" shall mean, collectively, the transfer 
provisions of each Partnership Agreement, LLC Agreement and Charter Document set 
forth in Annex A, Annex B, and Annex C under the heading "Transfer Provisions." 
Now, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein, the parties hereby 
agree as follows: 
1. 
Assignment 
The Assignors hereby assign, transfer, convey and deliver to the Assignee such 
Assignor's respective Transferred Interests, together with all associated rights, privileges, 
restrictions and obligations related to each such Transferred Interest, with effect as of the 
Effective Date. Each Transferred Interest is transferred and assigned to the Assignee, as 
of the Effective Date, free and clear of any liens, claims or encumbrances except for such 
restrictions as are imposed by the applicable Partnership Agreement, LLC Agreement or 
Charter Document Each of the Assignors and the Assignee acknowledges and agrees 
that, upon the substitution of the Assignee in place of the Assignor as a limited partner in 
the relevant Partnership (a "Limited Partner"), a member in the relevant LW (a 
"Member") or a shareholder in the relevant Company (a "Shareholder") with respect to a 
Transferred Interest, the Assignee shall be recorded on the relevant entity's books and 
records as the owner of such Transferred Interest with effect as of the Effective Date and 
the Assignor shall thereafter be released from all obligations arising in respect of such 
Transferred Interest and shall cease to be a Limited Partner, Member or Shareholder to 
the extent of such Transferred Interest. 
2. 
Assumption 
The Assignee hereby accepts the assignment of the Transferred Interests and hereby (a) 
agrees to become a substitute Limited Partner in the Partnership with respect to the 
applicable Transferred Partnership Interest in the place and stead of each Assignor and to 
join in and be bound by all of the terms of the applicable Partnership Agreement, (b) 
agrees to become a substitute Member in the LLC with respect to the applicable 
Transferred LLC Interest in the place and stead of each Assignor and to join in and be 
bound by all of the terms of the applicable LLC Agreement, (c) agrees to become a 
substitute Shareholder in the Company with respect tb the applicable Transferred Stock in 
EAST 7795002 
EFTA00592101
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00592102
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00592103
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00592104
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00592105
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00592106
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00592107
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00592108
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00592109
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00592110
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00592111
--- PAGE 13 ---
EFTA00592112
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00592113
--- PAGE 15 ---
EFTA00592114
--- PAGE 16 ---
EFTA00592115
--- PAGE 17 ---
EFTA00592116
--- PAGE 18 ---
EFTA00592117
--- PAGE 19 ---
EFTA00592118
--- PAGE 20 ---
EFTA00592119
--- PAGE 21 ---
EFTA00592120
--- PAGE 22 ---
EFTA00592121
--- PAGE 23 ---
EFTA00592122
--- PAGE 24 ---
EFTA00592123
--- PAGE 25 ---
EFTA00592124
--- PAGE 26 ---
EFTA00592125
--- PAGE 27 ---
EFTA00592126
--- PAGE 28 ---
EFTA00592127
--- PAGE 29 ---
EFTA00592128
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA00592129
--- PAGE 31 ---
EFTA00592130
--- PAGE 32 ---
EFTA00592131
--- PAGE 33 ---
EFTA00592132
--- PAGE 34 ---
EFTA00592133
--- PAGE 35 ---
EFTA00592134
--- PAGE 36 ---
EFTA00592135

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592136.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592136.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL & PROPRIETARY 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (the "Agreement') dated as of June 7, 2007, 
between each of the assignors listed on Annex A hereto under the heading "Name of Assignor" 
(each, an "Assignor") and Black Family Partners, L.P. (the "Assignee"). 
Recitals:
A. 
Each Assignor is currently a limited partner of the limited partnerships listed opposite its 
name on Annex A hereto under the heading "Name of Limited Partnership" (the 
"Partnerships") and holds a limited partner interest in each such Partnership (a 
"Partnership Interest'). 
B. 
Each Assignor is currently a member of the limited liability companies listed opposite its 
name on Annex B hereto under the heading "Name of Company" (the "LLCs") and holds 
a limited liability company interest in each such LW (an "LLC Interest). 
C. 
Each Assignor is currently a stockholder of the companies listed opposite its name on 
Annex C hereto under the heading "Name of Company" (the "Companies") and holds 
shares of stock in each such Company (the "Stock"). 
D. 
The Assignors desire to set over, assign and transfer 100% of their Partnership Interests 
in the relevant Partnerships (each, a "Transferred Partnership Interest) to the Assignee 
pursuant to the Transfer Provisions (as defined below) of the respective limited 
partnership agreements of each such Partnership (such limited partnership agreements are 
set forth in Annex A under the heading "Partnership Agreement" and are collectively 
referred to herein as the "Partnership Agreements'), with effect on the books and 
records of such Partnership as of June 7, 2007 (the "Effective Date"), and the Assignee 
desires to hereby assume the obligations of each Assignor as a limited partner of the 
respective Partnership with respect to the applicable Transferred Partnership Interest 
pursuant to the terms of the applicable Partnership Agreement, with effect as of the 
Effective Date. 
E. 
The Assignors desire to set over, assign and transfer 100% of their LLC Interests in the 
relevant LLCs (each, a "Transferred LLC Interest') to the Assignee pursuant to the 
Transfer Provisions of the respective limited liability company agreements of each such 
LLC (such limited liability company agreements are set forth in Annex B under the 
heading "Limited Liability Company Agreements" and are collectively referred to herein 
as the "LLC Agreements"), with effect on the books and records of such LLC as of the 
Effective Date, and the Assignee desires to hereby assume the obligations of each 
Assignor as a member of the respective LLC with respect to the applicable Transferred 
LLC Interest pursuant to the terms of the applicable LLC Agreement, with effect as of the 
Effective Date. 
F. 
The Assignors desires to set over, assign and transfer 100% of their Stock in each of the 
Companies (the "Transferred Stock" and, together with the Transferred Partnership 
EAST 7795002 
EFTA00592136
--- PAGE 2 ---
Interests and the Transferred LLC Interests, the "Transferred Interests") to the Assignee 
pursuant to the Transfer Provisions of the respective organizational documents of each 
such Company (such organizational documents are set forth in Annex B under the 
heading "Charter Document' and are collectively referred to herein as the "Charter 
Documents"), with effect on the books and records of such Company as of the Effective 
Date, and the Assignee desires to assume the obligations of each Assignor as a 
stockholder of the respective Company with respect to the applicable Transferred Stock 
pursuant to the terms of the applicable Charter Documents, with effect as of the Effective 
Date. 
G. 
The assignment and assumption effected by this instrument are permitted pursuant to the 
Transfer Provisions of the respective Partnership Agreements, LLC Agreements, and the 
Charter Documents. 
"Transfer Provisions" shall mean, collectively, the transfer 
provisions of each Partnership Agreement, LLC Agreement and Charter Document set 
forth in Annex A, Annex B, and Annex C under the heading "Transfer Provisions." 
Now, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein, the parties hereby 
agree as follows: 
1. 
Assignment 
The Assignors hereby assign, transfer, convey and deliver to the Assignee such 
Assignor's respective Transferred Interests, together with all associated rights, privileges, 
restrictions and obligations related to each such Transferred Interest, with effect as of the 
Effective Date. Each Transferred Interest is transferred and assigned to the Assignee, as 
of the Effective Date, free and clear of any liens, claims or encumbrances except for such 
restrictions as are imposed by the applicable Partnership Agreement, LLC Agreement or 
Charter Document Each of the Assignors and the Assignee acknowledges and agrees 
that, upon the substitution of the Assignee in place of the Assignor as a limited partner in 
the relevant Partnership (a "Limited Partner"), a member in the relevant LW (a 
"Member") or a shareholder in the relevant Company (a "Shareholder") with respect to a 
Transferred Interest, the Assignee shall be recorded on the relevant entity's books and 
records as the owner of such Transferred Interest with effect as of the Effective Date and 
the Assignor shall thereafter be released from all obligations arising in respect of such 
Transferred Interest and shall cease to be a Limited Partner, Member or Shareholder to 
the extent of such Transferred Interest. 
2. 
Assumption 
The Assignee hereby accepts the assignment of the Transferred Interests and hereby (a) 
agrees to become a substitute Limited Partner in the Partnership with respect to the 
applicable Transferred Partnership Interest in the place and stead of each Assignor and to 
join in and be bound by all of the terms of the applicable Partnership Agreement, (b) 
agrees to become a substitute Member in the LLC with respect to the applicable 
Transferred LLC Interest in the place and stead of each Assignor and to join in and be 
bound by all of the terms of the applicable LLC Agreement, (c) agrees to become a 
substitute Shareholder in the Company with respect tb the applicable Transferred Stock in 
EAST 7795002 
EFTA00592137
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00592138
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00592139
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00592140
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00592141
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00592142
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00592143
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00592144
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00592145
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00592146
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00592147
--- PAGE 13 ---
EFTA00592148
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00592149
--- PAGE 15 ---
EFTA00592150
--- PAGE 16 ---
EFTA00592151
--- PAGE 17 ---
EFTA00592152
--- PAGE 18 ---
EFTA00592153
--- PAGE 19 ---
EFTA00592154
--- PAGE 20 ---
EFTA00592155
--- PAGE 21 ---
EFTA00592156
--- PAGE 22 ---
EFTA00592157
--- PAGE 23 ---
EFTA00592158
--- PAGE 24 ---
EFTA00592159
--- PAGE 25 ---
EFTA00592160
--- PAGE 26 ---
EFTA00592161
--- PAGE 27 ---
EFTA00592162
--- PAGE 28 ---
EFTA00592163
--- PAGE 29 ---
EFTA00592164
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA00592165
--- PAGE 31 ---
EFTA00592166
--- PAGE 32 ---
EFTA00592167
--- PAGE 33 ---
EFTA00592168
--- PAGE 34 ---
EFTA00592169
--- PAGE 35 ---
EFTA00592170
--- PAGE 36 ---
EFTA00592171

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592172.pdf
----------------------------------------
AGENDA July 15, 2011 
Schedules 
Budgets 
Main Compound 
wall east off lil bath 
grading pool site (terrace east to cottage)trees 
terrace to wall grading/sod? 
Bench at landing 
terrace liting approve layout 
Locate pool ladder 
Bang uett 
Pool shower 
Tree lites 
Flagpole 
Walls at stairs and south review 
Road and it's Wall review 
Landscape concept with !gala 
Locate pool ladder 
Exterior building color 
Marble in bath 
Ceiling of shower 
Commode, confirm walls 
EFTA00592172
--- PAGE 2 ---
Venetian in living room for Ion ceiling? 
PALMS 
Review plans 
Gutter ? 
Interior plaster , venetian or cottage finish 
ION to paint ? 
Millwork ? big bookcase across back 
EFTA00592173
--- PAGE 3 ---
ID 
O 
Flask Name 
Flagpole Pool 
Main House Pool 
Cottage #4 
Relax Room 
Relax Restroom 
Paint Desal 
Desal Roof Waterproofing 
Mechanical Sitework 
Decommission Mechanical 
Terrace Wall 
Terrace Sea Wall 
Upper Terrace 
Roundabout 
Basket-Intersection Road 
Flagpole Road 
Helipad Road 
Five Palms 
Dock Shelters 
Managers Cottage 
East Shelter 
Staff Restroom 
Helipad Wall 
Top of the Hill 
Tiki Kitchen 
Duration 
Start 
Finisq( 
I 
June 
/0// :1 /1 / 
5122 
5/29 
days 
Sun 5/29/11 
Fri-9/30/Yr 
days 
Sun 5/29/11 Mon 10/10/11 
120 days 
Sun 5/29/11 
Thu 11/10/11 
days 
Sun 5/29/11 
Fri 7/29/11 
days 
Mon 7/4/11 
Fri 9/23/11 
days 
Sun 5/29/11 
Thu 7/21/11 
days 
Fri 8/12/11 
Thu 9/8/11 
days 
Fri 9/9/11 
Thu 11/3/11 
days 
Fri 11/4/11 
Thu 12/8/11 
days 
Sun 5/29/11 
Thu 7/21/11 
1101011001101 
days 
Fri 7/22/11 
Thu 9/1/11 
days 
Fri 7/8/11 
Thu 8/18/11 
days 
Fri 8/19/11 
Thu 9/29/11 
days 
Fri 9/30/11 
Thu 11/10/11 
days 
Fri 10/7/11 
Thu 11/17/11 
days 
Fri 11/18/11 
Thu 12/15/11 
days 
Fri 7/22/11 
Thu 11/17/11 
days 
Mon 9/26/11 
Fri 11/18/11 
days 
Mon 8/22/11 
Fri 11/11/11 
days 
Mon 10/3/11 
Fri 11111/11 
days 
Fri 11/11/11 
Thu 1/5/12 
days 
Fri 7/22/11 
Thu 8/18/11 
days 
Fri 7/29/11 
Thu 11/3/11 
days 
Fri 8/19/11 
Thu 9/29/11 
/4441)
03-11-- 
1),a7
/2-tetvi 
EFTA00592174

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592175.pdf
----------------------------------------
Osborne 
CONFIDENTIAL 
PHONE HACKING LITIGATION 
We would advise you to retain one of the specialist UK media lawyers who are 
pursuing cases against News International Limited. We can handle all day to day 
aspects of coordinating with lawyers, and we know how this should be pursued in 
a UK context. 
The firms that have specialised in this are: 
• 
Mark Thomson of Atkins Thomson — he acted for Sienna Miller in the first 
major settlement, and is currently acting for Keira Knightley, Kate Winslet 
and Marco Pierre White; 
• 
Charlotte Harris of Mishcon de Reya — she acted for Max Clifford in what 
was the first million pound settlement out of court in 2007, and currently 
represents five of the 24 active cases before the High Court; 
• 
Tamsin Allen of Bindmans — she acts for former Deputy Prime Minister 
Lord Prescott, Members of Parliament Chris Bryant and Tessa Jowell, 
who have been instrumental in uncovering the evidence against NI, and 
former Met police commander Brian Paddick. 
First, the priority is to establish whether your name or telephone numbers appear 
in the extensive records the Metropolitan Police have recovered from NI and their 
private investigators, principally Glenn Mulcaire. 
Senior Met officers have told the House of Commons Home Affairs Select 
Committee that 11,000 numbers appear in these records, which correspond to 
approximately 4,000 names. Of these, the Met have to date only notified 170 
probable victims. 
Our belief is that your details will likely appear in these records. If they do not, it is 
possible to pursue a case but your claim will not be part of the fast track process 
currently moving through the High Court. The presiding judge, Mr Justice Vos, 
has agreed a fast tracked process for claimants whose details appear in these 
records. 
As we discussed, there are two possible scenarios open to you — and our belief is 
that you should reserve judgement as to which is more advantageous until we 
know more. 
The first scenario is that you pursue the claim in the High Court, at which juncture 
you will be offered a confidential settlement by NI. In negotiations, you achieve 
the same settlement as Sienna Miller where not only do NI pay compensation 
and costs, but that they undertake to not pursue any questionable investigations 
into you going forwards. 
If the Met disclose that your details are listed in the Mulcaire papers, the second 
scenario is that you can prove that NI phone hacking targeted US nationals, and 
reached well beyond the UK borders. 
EFTA00592175
--- PAGE 2 ---
Osborne 
This is dynamite, because the evidence can strengthen the FBI investigation 
announced yesterday, and exposes News Corporation to sustained and much 
more expensive litigation in the US courts. At this point, you can either pursue a 
high profile test case against the company, or you can enter into confidential talks 
with senior management — Rupert Murdoch personally — and reach a settlement 
that precludes all News Corp. publications from targeting you. 
It is important to move swiftly, because the Met will be inundated with requests to 
cross check names and numbers against the Mulcaire records, and the speed at 
which you can pursue this in the courts is directly linked to the disclosures by the 
Police Service. 
With your consent, we will interview two or three of the above mentioned lawyers, 
and appoint one within the next few days — and their first action will be to file the 
request with the Met. 
Osborne & Partners LLP 
July 2011 
EFTA00592176

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592177.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592177.pdf
----------------------------------------
JAN. 22. 2008 12:06PW 
HSBC BANK USA, N. A. 
PIO. 448 
V. 6 
RESCISSION OFRP:QUM FOR WITK0RAWALOP LIMITED PARINERSIIIP INTEREST 
O2. Zaire Special Opponent= Fund, L.P. 
do D.B. Zwim Painters, LLC 
745 Fifth Avenue, le Floor 
New York New York 10151 
Arm: Investor Relations 
Dew SitiMadam: 
The undersigned limited 
the 'Limited Par) 
of D.B. Zwim Special Opportunities Pend. L.P. (the 
"Pistriershipl or  
rrieli)2007 made a written request (the "Request) that the Partnership withdraw 
from the Limited Patna's capital account in the Partnerably (the 'Capital Ammar) and pay to the Limited Partner 
(please check the appropriate tpace below and fill in the conga information) 
e entire balance of the Limited Farmer's Capital Account 
the entire balance of the Limited Parrot's Capital Account related to the investment® made on 
 200 
a portion of Limited Petner's Capital Account having a net asset value at the tint of withdrawal of 
S 
for withdrawal on the next available withdrawal date following receipt of the Request. 
Notwithstanding the Request or any other communications the Limited Partner may bate had with the PrenertsidP. 
D.D. Zwim Pans, LLC, D.B. Zwim & Co, L.P., or any representative of any of the foiegoing, the Limited 
Parma hereby revokes, withdraws and rescinds the Request with respect 4(04 of the portten of the Capital 
Account mquected to be withdrawn pursuant to the Regent, and informs the Parteerthip that the Rentest should be 
treated as null end void with limpet to suchliD°A. The Limited Partner makes such rcvocatien, withdrawal and 
rescission notwithstanding the fact that (1) the Request stated that the Request was unconditional and (2) the 
Request stated that she Request was irrevocable. 
The Limited Partner hereby reaffirms its agreement to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited 
Rarmaship dated May 27, 2005 of the Prutnership (the "Partnethip Agreeircoti and 84 subsaiptIon agreement(s) 
with the Partnership, and the Limited Pamir understateds that any (nave request the Limited Parma: may make for • 
withdrawal from its Capital Attaird will be 'object to all the terms of the Pntnathip Agreement and such 
subscription agreement(s), without regard to the Request 
The Limited Partner has executed this dotanneau by its duly reelected signatory ths.<52a 
day of January, 2008. 
anif 
110 
* CO CP Wa t) 
li ft.t
1orq.TOI r d 
Name of Limited Partner 
By: --)139,k9h. 
efinLIS 
Name: 
Tide. 
STEPHEN COSTELLO 
AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE 
Acknowledged and accepted: 
D.B. Zwim Pan 
LW. Ramon partner of the Partnalhip 
lliF 
Name 
Title: 
Confidential Treatment Requested 
by Fried Frank Harris Striver & Jacobson LLP 
01/22/2008 12:13PM (GMT-05:00) 
DBZ 0037542 
EFTA00592177

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592178.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592178.pdf
----------------------------------------
INVOICE 
FOR JULY, 2011 
SERVICE LITTLE ST.JAMES 
GARY KERNEY 
6501 Redhook Piz. 
St.Thomas VI 00802-1301 
JULY 1 THRU JULY 31 
$24,295.40 
PLEASE WIRE FUNDS TO 
BB&T 
055003308 
0005256459819 
SIGNED GARY Kj RNEY 
7/15/2011 
EFTA00592178

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592179.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592179.pdf
----------------------------------------
New York Times 
July 15, 2011 
Libya Rebels Get Formal Backing, and $3o Billion 
By SEBNEM ARSU and STEVEN ERLANGER 
ISTANBUL — The United States formally recognized the rebel leadership in Libya as the country's 
legitimate government on Friday, allowing the rebel government access to $30 billion in Libyan assets 
held in the United States. It is not yet clear how and when the money would be released. 
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said at an international gathering held to discuss the Libyan 
conflict that Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi's government no longer had any legitimacy, and that the United 
States would join more than 30 countries in extending diplomatic recognition to the main opposition 
group, known as the Transitional National Council. 
"We will help the T.N.C. sustain its commitment to the sovereignty, independence, territorial integrity and 
national unity of Libya," Mrs. Clinton said, "and we will look to it to remain steadfast in its commitment to 
human rights and fundamental freedoms." 
The decision by Washington not only increased diplomatic pressure on Colonel Qaddafi to step down, but 
also held the prospect of funneling money to rebels to propel an offensive that has proceeded in fits and 
starts. 
Although American officials expressed hope that the newly recognized Transitional National Council 
would use the money for traditional public services — to pay for health care and electrical power, for 
example — one of the council's immediate priorities is arming and training its fighters so they can finally 
defeat the forces loyal to Colonel Qaddafi. 
But even a major increase in financing for the rebel war effort is not expected to yield immediate results 
on the battlefield, according to senior officials involved in the NATO-led air campaign against Colonel 
Qaddafi. The rebels are severely lacking in training as well as equipment, and NATO has been frustrated 
by the rebels' inability to organize themselves into a force strong enough to topple the government, even 
with thousands of airstrikes on Colonel Qaddafi's strongholds. 
With a "no boots on the ground" policy in Libya, Western nations have found it hard to dislodge Colonel 
Qaddafi from power, as his forces have dug in around the capital, Tripoli, and other strategic cities where 
he retains at least some support among the civilian populations. Possibly reflecting their frustrations, 
several countries, including Britain and France, have sent arms, ammunition and other military supplies to 
the rebels in an effort to accelerate the development of their war-fighting capacity. 
While the opening of the money spigots holds out some hope that the rebels can eventually turn the 
military tide against Colonel Qaddafi, it has also raised concerns about controls on the money and the 
potential for corruption. 
"The Transitional National Council, in its discussions today, did pledge that this assistance would be 
delivered in a transparent manner and that it would indeed be inclusive in how it was delivered to the 
Libyan people," said Mark C. 
Toner, the State Department's deputy spokesman. 
Mr. Toner acknowledged that there was "a sense of urgency" in transferring funds to the rebel group, and 
he stressed that the Departments of State and Treasury would keep watch to ensure "that accountability 
and transparency and monitoring is in place." 
In the early stages of the war, Western nations were reluctant to extend recognition to the rebels, 
uncertain of who they were and worried about possible ties to Al Qaeda and other militant groups. Over 
Page I 1 of 3 
EFTA00592179
--- PAGE 2 ---
New York Times 
the months, though, those fears have been assuaged, and most nations are lining up behind the 
transitional government. 
Mahmoud Shammam, a rebel spokesman, tried to address the concerns of Western nations, saying that 
the Transitional Council had 'assured them in many ways that we are heading towards a democratic 
state, and with the support of allies, friends we would make that happen." 
Colonel Qaddafi lashed back in a speech on Friday night, dismissing the significance of the broad 
recognition of the rebel government. 
"Trample on those recognitions, trample on them under your feet," he told thousands of supporters in a 
speech broadcast to a televised rally in the coastal city of Zlitan, news agencies reported. "They are 
worthless." 
The Transitional Council issued a statement after the Istanbul meeting emphasizing Colonel Qaddafi's 
loss of legitimacy. It said: "Qaddafi has not yet realized that Libyans have moved on. His rhetoric focuses 
on aggression and intimidation but no one is interested. We have had 42 years of looking over our 
shoulder in fear and now we want to face forwards in hope for a great Libya." 
One chronic problem for the anti-Qaddafi coalition is that its various members have not always spoken 
with one voice, diplomats said. The Istanbul meeting provided an opportunity, they said, to try to forge a 
consensus on the core elements of a Western negotiating position: what will happen to Colonel Qaddafi 
and his family, the mechanics of a political transition and the formation of a unity government. 
The intention of the gathering was also to stop Colonel Qaddafi from trying to play one country off against 
another, by dealing separately with the French, the African Union, the Turks and the Russians, the 
diplomats said. 
Some countries appear willing to have Colonel Qaddafi and his family remain in Libya if they give up 
power either to the rebel council or to a new, negotiated national unity government. In other words, there 
seems to be a new distinction being made between giving up power and going into exile. 
While everyone speaks of Colonel Qaddafi's "leaving" or "going," they are much vaguer now about 
whether he must leave Libya, or whether leaving power is sufficient. The Libyan government has made 
similar overtures in the past, with the proviso that Colonel Qaddafi's son Seif succeed his father — a 
condition that is absolutely unacceptable to the rebels, and to the Western powers. 
How that fits with the indictment of Colonel Qaddafi on war-crimes charges by the International Criminal 
Court, or with the United Nations Security Council resolution calling on all member states to bring him to 
trial, is unclear. But as the war drags on in Libya, and Colonel Qaddafi remains in power in Tripoli, there is 
more pressure to find a negotiated solution. 
Matters seemed simpler in the rebel-held city of Zintan, on the high plateau of the mountains in western 
Libya, where a group of elderly men sat in the shade beside the main mosque. 
They were buoyed by the news from Istanbul, which all of them had heard. 
'The recognition of America has opened a door for us, from Africa to the world," said one of them, 
Mohammed el-Judaya. 
Beyond the geopolitics, the men made it clear that they still had practical concerns. Much of the 
mountainous area is short of food, fuel and water, phone service has been mostly cut off and the Qaddafi 
forces are not far away. The war goes on, with life stalled and hardships ahead. 
"We have no money for Ramadan," which begins Aug. 1, said another man at the mosque, Muftah 
Benghazi. "This is difficult for us." 
Page 12 of 3 
EFTA00592180
--- PAGE 3 ---
New York Times 
Sebnem Arsu reported from Istanbul, and Steven Erlanger from Paris. Reporting was contributed byJ. David Goodman from 
New York; C. J. Chiuers from Elmore, Libya; kareem Pahim from Amman, Jordan; and Thom Shanker from Washington. 
Page 13 of 3 
EFTA00592181

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592182.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592182.pdf
----------------------------------------
.ftjc ;New Uork Zhu co 
New Force Behind Agency of Wonder 
Michael Temchine for The New York Times 
LEADER Regina Dugan of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. 
By JOHN MARKOFF 
Published: April 12.2010 
ARLINGTON, Va. — The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency is different from other 
federal agencies. For one thing, the agency, known as Darpa, created the Internet (really). For 
another, it is probably the only agency ever to offer a $40,000 prize for a balloon hunt, a contest 
that was inspired by Regina Dugan, a 47-year-old expert in mine detection, who took over last 
summer as its director. 
NEW TACK Regina Dugan, director of Darpa, with Brig. Gen. Robert F. Hedelund before 
testifying in Congress. She is the first woman to lead the agency. 
Dr. Dugan, who has a Ph.D. in mechanical engineering from the California Institute of 
Technology, is the first woman to be the director of Darpa, and those who know her say she has 
a knack for inspiring, and indeed insisting on, creative thinking. 
EFTA00592182
--- PAGE 2 ---
Last December's balloon hunt, otherwise known as the Darpa Network Challenge, is a good 
example. In marking the 40th anniversary of the connecting of the first four nodes of the Internet 
in 1969, the agency offered a $40,000 prize to the first team of volunteers able to locate 10 large 
red balloons hidden around the country. 
The task only sounds frivolous. It was actually something that experts agreed was impossible 
using traditional intelligence techniques. The challenge was designed to test new methods, 
involving the use of social networks. 
The idea for the balloon search came out of Dr. Dugan's insistence that a group of Darpa fellows 
— rising military stars — who had been posted to the agency for several months do something 
more innovative and useful than taking the usual field trips and meet and greet sessions. With her 
repeated prodding, the fellows — captains, majors and colonels — designed and organized the 
contest. 
The balloon hunt, which would ultimately attract almost 500 teams of volunteers from around 
the world, was won by a group of M.I.T. experts in the analysis of social networks. The results 
suggested the potential of these new ways of gathering intelligence. For Dr. Dugan, it was a great 
example of how Darpa can contribute to what she has called a "renaissance of wonder." 
Her biggest challenges, however, lie ahead. She must orchestrate the work of the military, 
contractors and universities around a set of ideas to produce scientific and technological 
breakthroughs. Darpa is built around specific projects undertaken by elite scientists and 
engineers who sign on for several years to provide service to the country. It is results oriented 
and not meant to be a long-term home for researchers. 
In the past, Darpa has supported the design of the ARPAnet, the forerunner of the Internet and 
many of the technologies that define the modem computer age, as well as military systems 
including the stealth fighter, unmanned drone aircraft the global positioning satellite system, and 
even the M16 rifle. 
The agency has also spawned controversy. During the 1990s it became a lightning rod for a bitter 
political debate over the question of whether the United States should have an industrial policy to 
invest in hand-picked industries and technologies. 
In 2002, Dr. Dugan's predecessor, Tony Tether, set off a firestorm of opposition from civil 
liberties advocates when he created Darpa's Information Awareness Office run by a former 
Reagan national security adviser, Adm. John Poindexter. Admiral Poindexter wanted to build a 
computerized data mining system to look for potential terrorists, and Congress responded by 
cutting financing for the project. 
More recently Darpa has been criticized as focusing too closely on "deliverables" for the nation's 
soldiers, in the process forgoing the high-risk technology gambles that originally were the 
agency's trademark. 
EFTA00592183
--- PAGE 3 ---
Dr. Dugan must try to redress that balance. Under her direction Darpa is focusing on areas as 
diverse as advanced manufacturing, biological sensors and the rapid development of vaccines, as 
well as cyberecurity. 
Her ability to see the world in nontraditional ways has impressed Gen. James E. Cartwright of 
the Marines and vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, who has begun working closely with 
Dr. Dugan in the past four months. 
"Watching her work with the service chiefs has been really amazing," General Cartwright said. 
"They listen for 10 or 15 minutes and you can feel lights start to come on and then they're 
hooked." 
She has also won strong initial backing outside of the military. 
Not long after taking the position last year she toured five of the nation's leading universities in 
an effort to address the chill that had set in between Darpa and the universities during the eight 
years that Dr. Tether ran the agency. 
"We did a deep dive and we tried to understand what the universities were experiencing and 
what they were expressing," she said. What she found was that not only had financing declined 
but that there were also a variety of indirect effects crucial to the basic research community, like 
the ability to include foreign nationals in research, the freedom to publish and the limits placed 
by export control regulations. 
"We came to a better understanding of what the agency needs to do, and then we went to the 
university community with a challenge for their side as well," she said, "which is to bring their 
best and brightest to the table to work on defense problems." 
The new approach has paid off in enthusiastic reviews from many of the agency's recent critics. 
"She came to attract brilliant faculty to become program managers as opposed to selling a 
research agenda," said Randy Katz a University of California computer scientist and former 
Darpa program manager. "My immediate impression was that when she arrived she commanded 
the room." 
Within the agency she has started recruiting the next generation of managers. The man she has 
chosen to run the Information Processing Techniques Office — which has had a huge influence 
on the computer industry in the last four decades — Dan Kaufman, is a unique choice, even by 
Darpa standards. 
Mr. Kaufman is a veteran Silicon Valley lawyer who has run a video game company and has also 
been the chief operating officer at DreamWorks Interactive, a joint venture between the movie 
company and Microsoft.
Dr. Dugan created the Transformational Convergence Technology Office to focus on a range of 
technologies, including social networks, synthetic biology and machine intelligence. For that 
EFTA00592184
--- PAGE 4 ---
office, she tapped Peter Lee, the chairman of the computer science department at Carnegie 
Mellon University. 
Both men said they had taken office director jobs because they were captivated by Dr. Dugan's 
vision of a reinvigorated Darpa and the opportunity to contribute to the development of 
transformative technologies. 
For Dr. Lee, it has been an intense experience so far. He said that Darpa had been collegial, but 
that he had been struck by the challenges that he had been put under by the director. 
"It's what I imagine it's like working for Steve Jobs," he said. "The amount of intellectual 
pressure we're put under all day, every day is significant and beyond anything in my professional 
experience." 
It pays off, he said. 
He described what he referred to as the "four stages of Regina Dugan" that occur when trying to 
meet her insistence on thinking in new ways. They are: being a little scared, really scared, 
frustrated and then enlightened. 
This is Dr. Dugan's second tour at the agency, and her first time may give an idea of what is to 
come. 
She came to Darpa in 1996 as a program manager charged with developing sensor technologies 
that could be used to detect land mines. She has long had a reputation as a scientist who likes to 
roll up her sleeves and get directly involved in problems. 
In 1998 her penchant for field experience led to a "small international incident," when the State 
Department decided that she was missing-in-action while on a mine clearing exercise in 
Mozambique. She led a team in mine detection exercises, but to do so she needed to gain real-
world experience. 
"I would go to the 'no-kidding' operational field once a year and I would bring them back the 
stories from those experiences," she said. "That's how I ended up in places like Bosnia and 
Africa." 
Clearing mines in Mozambique was done by a giant vehicle with huge metal wheels and a V-
shaped hull designed by the South African military. "We would drive these vehicles through the 
live mind fields and purposefully blow up the mines," she said. On the trip she frequently drove 
the lead vehicle on an expedition. Every fifth mine was a "jumper" — explosives that pop into 
the air to detonate at waist-level. 
"You never quite get used to the jumpers," she said. "Because when they go there is an explosion 
right in front of the vehicle and then the rat-tat-tat of the shrapnel on the windshield." 
EFTA00592185
--- PAGE 5 ---
A communications mix-up led to the concern that she was missing. Even though she was soon 
located, when she returned to the United States, Larry Lynn, the Darpa director at the time, told 
her that if he had known what she was doing, he would never have approved the trip. 
"Exactly!" she responded. 
EFTA00592186

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592187.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592187.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15th JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Judge David F. Crow 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
PlaintifKounter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
and L.M., individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiffs. 
/ 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S RESPONSE TO 
DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF BRADLEY J. EDWARDS' REQUEST FOR 
PRODUCTION SERVED JUNE 9.2011 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), by and through his undersigned 
counsel and pursuant to Rule 1.350, of the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, files this his 
Response to the Request for Production from the Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley J. 
Edwards' ("Edwards"), Request for Production Served June 9, 2011, and would state as follows: 
1. 
Since Epstein has not be able, due in large part to the objections of Edwards to 
obtain all relevant documents that would reflect, suggest, or relate to Edwards' knowledge of 
Rothstein's conduct, it is not possible to to produce all documents responsive to this request. 
However, exhibits to the deposition of A.J. Discala, Dean Kretschmar, and Michael Legamaro 
due fit and are responsive to this request. In addition, the documents that are exhibits to 
Epstein's Motion to Use Confidential Documents are also responsive. 
2. 
See Response to Number 1 above. 
3. 
Undetermined at this time. 
FOWLER WHITE BURNEUTIMI. • 901 PHILLIPS POINT WEST, 777 SOUTH FLAGLER DR/VE, WEST PALM BEACH. FLORIDA 33401 • (561) 802.9044 
EFTA00592187
--- PAGE 2 ---
Epstein v Rothstein, et al. 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Epstein's Response to Edwards' RFP Served June 9, 2011 
4. 
Objection. Work product. See Grinnel Corp. v. Palms 2100 Ocean Boulevard 
Limited, 924 So 2d 887 (Fla. 4th DCA 2006). 
5. 
Objection. Work product. See Grinnel Corp. v. Palms 2100 Ocean Boulevard 
Limited, 924 So 2d 887 (Fla. 4th DCA 2006). 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was mailed this 
144
 of July, 2011 to: Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, E., 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012; Marc S. Nurik, 
Esq., Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik, One East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700, Fort Lauderdale, 
FL 33301; Jack Scarola, Esq., Searcy Denney Scarola et al., 2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard, 
P.O. Drawer 3626, West Palm Beach, FL 33409; and Martin G. Weinberg, Esq., 20 Park Plaza, 
Suite 1000, Suffolk, MA 02116. 
Respectfully submitted, 
2se:h  Ackerman, Jr. 
914-6
Fla. Bar No. 235954 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT, 
901 Phillips Point West 
777 South Flagler Drive 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
WA80743NRESPON37-Epssein's Response to alwardt FtFP 64.1 I -.ILA.docx 
- 2 - 
FOWLER WHITE BURNF.17. • 901 PHILUPS POINT WEST, 777 SOWN FLA0L.ER DRIVE, WEST PALM BEACH. FLORIDA 33401 • (560 802.9044 
EFTA00592188

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592189.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592189.pdf
----------------------------------------
CILMI a 
ASSOCIATES PLLC 
Attorneys and Counsellors at Law 
Thirty-Nine Broadway 
Twelfth Floor 
New York New York 10006 
Tel: 
Fax: 
vnvw.cihnilenv.com 
2040 Victory Boulevard 
Staten Island, Ncw York 10314 
Sender's email: 
Dituara 
July 13, 2011 
Via Overnieht Courier 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
301 East 66th Street, 10B 
New York, New York 10065 
Attn: Darren K. Indyke, Esq. 
Re: 
12-14 East 72nd Street Residential Construction Project 
Complaint re: 9 E71g Street 
Dear Mr. Indyke: 
313 South Avenue 
Suite 204 
Fanwood, New Jersey 07023 
We are in receipt of your letter, dated July 10, 2011, in which you advise your client 
is experiencing certain conditions in purported connection with the work our client is 
performing at their East 72" Street project. 
While we are in the process of seeking all information relating to your client's 
complaint, it appears from a preliminary review of materials and data available that the 
equipment used to monitor activity during the excavation phase report readings within 
acceptable parameters. Should our further investigation into this matter unearth anything to 
contradict the above, our client and their representatives, contractors and subcontractors 
will take all appropriate measures. 
Should you have any additional information you would like to share, we would 
appreciate your forwarding such information to our attention. Please call me should you 
have any questions. 
Thank you. 
Very trul 
ours, 
CIL 
hoc 
u, PLLC 
Noah L. Pusey 
EFTA00592189

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592190.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592190.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 
a I 
James Hagerty 
From: 
Sent: 
Tuesday. May 08. 2007 9:49 AM 
To: 
James Hagerty 
Subject: GIVSP 
Dear James. 
as discussed on the phone please find the information below. 
Brgds. Patrick 
AIRCRAFT. INFORMATION 
AS OF 05 MAY 2007 
AIRCRAFT MNUFACTURE: 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORP. 
AIRCRAFT MODEL: 
G - IV SP. 
AIRCRAFT MANUFACTURE DATE: 
AUG. 1999 
AIRCRAFT TOTAL TIME: 
1568.9 HRS 
AIRCRAFT CYCLES: 
798 
ENGINES MANUFACTURE: 
ROLLS-ROYCE 
ENGINE'S MODEL: 
TAY 611 - 8 
LIE ENGINE SERIAL NO.: 
16887 
LIE ENGINE MANUFACTURE DATE 
JUNE 1999 
UR ENGINE TOTAL TIME: 
1568.9 !IRS 
R/H ENGINE SERIAL NO.: 
16888 
RAI ENGINE MNUFACTURE DATE: 
JULY 1999 
Hill ENGINE TOTAL TIME: 
1568.9 liRS 
A.P.U. MANUFACTURE: 
A.P.U. MODEL: 
A.F.U. SERIAL NO. : 
A.P.U. MANUFACTURE DATE: 
A.P.U. TOTAL TIME TSN: 
ALLIED SIGNAL 
GTCP 36-100 (G) 
P - 798 
JUNE 1999 
1578.0 HRS 
MAINTENANCE PROGRAM: 
MSG-3 
LAST MAINTENANCE DATE: 
MARCH 2007 
"C" OF "A" RENEWAL DATE: 
OCTOBER 2007 
MAINTENANCE LOCATION: 
JET AVIATION - BASEL 
** ALL MAINTENANCE AND TECHNICAL RECORDS ARE AVAILABLE 
6/28/2007 
EFTA00592190

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592191.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592191.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010 Page 1 of 14 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
OMNIBUS ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court on the following motions: (1) Plaintiff's Motion to 
Compel Answers to Plaintiff's First Request for Production(D.E. #194 and #210); (2) 
Plaintiff's Motion to Compel Answers to Plaintiffs First Request for Admissions (D.E. #195 
and #211); and, (3) Plaintiff's Motion to Compel Answers to Interrogatories (D.E.#196 and 
#212). 
In this case, which has been consolidated for purposes of discovery, Plaintiffs are 
former under-age girls who allege they were sexually assaulted by Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein ("Epstein"), at his Palm Beach mansion home. The scheme is alleged to have 
taken place over the course of several years in or around 2004-2005, when the girls in 
question were approximately 16 years of age. As part of this scheme, Epstein, with the 
help of his assistant 
allegedly lured economically disadvantaged minor girls 
to his homes in Palm beach, New York and St. Thomas, with the promise of money in 
EFTA00592191
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010 Page 2 of 14 
exchange for a massage. Epstein purportedly transformed the massage into a sexual 
assault. 
The three-count Complaint alleges sexual assault and battery (Count I), 
intentional infliction of emotional distress (Count II), and, coercion and enticement to sexual 
activity in violation of 18 U.S.C. §2422 (Count III). 
In 2008, Epstein entered into a Non-Prosecution Agreement with the United States 
Attorney General's Office for the Federal Southern District of Florida and the State 
Attorney's Office for Palm Beach County. Under the terms of the Non-Prosecution 
Agreement, any criminal prosecution against Epstein is deferred as long as he abides by 
the certain terms and conditions contained therein. If at any time the United States 
Attorney's Office has reason to believe Epstein is in breach of the Agreement, it need only 
provide Epstein's counsel with notice of the breach and then move forward with Epstein's 
prosecution. Accordingly, the mere fact the Government and Epstein have entered into 
a Non-Prosecution Agreement does not mean that Epstein is free from future criminal 
prosecution. 
In each of these motions Plaintiff Jane Doe seeks to compel answers to certain 
requests for admissions, interrogatories and requests for production that were propounded 
on Defendant Epstein. Defendant has responded by asserting several objections, the 
primary one of which is an assertion of his Fifth Amendment privilege. 
The Fifth Amendment serves as a guarantee against testimonial compulsion and 
provides, in relevant part, that "[n]o person...shall be compelled in any Criminal Case to be 
a witness against himself? Id. In practice, the Fifth Amendment's privilege against self-
incrimination "permits a person not to answer official questions put to him in any other 
proceeding, civil or criminal, formal or informal, where the answers might incriminate him 
in future criminal proceedings? Edwin v. Price, 778 F.2d 668, 669 (11th Cir. 1985)(citing 
EFTA00592192
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010 Page 3 of 14 
Lefkowitz v. Turley, 414 U.S. 70, 77 (1973)). 
The privilege is accorded liberal 
construction in favor of the right it was intended to secure," Hoffman v. United States, 341 
U.S. 479, 486 (1951), and extends not only to answers that would in themselves support 
a criminal conviction, but extends also to those answers which would furnish a link in the 
chain of evidence needed to prosecute the claimant for a crime. Id.; Blau v. United States, 
340 U.S. 159 (1950). Thus, information is protected by the privilege not only if it would 
support a criminal conviction, but also in those instances where "the responses would 
merely 'provide a lead or clue' to evidence having a tendency to incriminate." United States 
v. Neff, 615 F.2d 1235, 1239 (9th Cir.), cert. denied, 447 U.S. 925 (1980). 
The Fifth Amendment's privilege against self-incrimination comes into play only in 
those instances where the witness has "reasonable cause to apprehend danger from a 
direct answer." Hoffman, 341 U.S. at 486 (citing Mason v. United States, 244 U.S. 362, 365 
(1917)). 'The claimant must be 'confronted by substantial and 'real,' and not merely trifling 
or imaginary, hazards of incrimination." United States v. Apfelbaum, 445 U.S. 115, 128 
(1980). 
When the Fifth Amendment privilege is raised as a bar to discovery, a blanket 
refusal to answer questions or to produce documents is improper. Anglada v. Sprague, 822 
F.2d 1035, 1037 (11th Cir. 1987). Instead, the privilege must be asserted in response to 
a particular question, and in each instance the burden is on the claimant to justify 
invocation of the privilege. Id. Once a particularized showing has been made, "[i]t is for the 
court to decide whether a witness' silence is justified and to require him to answer if it 
clearly appears to the court that the witness asserting the privilege is mistaken as to its 
validity." In re Morganroth, 718 F.2d 161, 166-67 (6th Cir. 1983). In making this 
determination the judge is instructed to view the facts and evidence presented on a case-
EFTA00592193
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010 Page 4 of 14 
by-case basis, and "must be governed as much by his perception of the peculiarities of the 
case, as by the facts actually in evidence." Hoffman, 341 U.S. at 487. 
The law is well established that the Fifth Amendment privilege may not apply to 
specific documents `even though they contain incriminating assertions of fact or belief, 
because the creation of those documents was not 'compelled' within the meaning of the 
privilege? United States v. Hubbell, 530 U.S. 27, 35-36 (2000). However, in certain 
instances, "'the act of production' itself may implicitly communicate 'statements of fact."' 
Id. For this reason the Fifth Amendment privilege also encompasses the circumstance 
where the act of producing documents in response to a subpoena or production request 
has a compelled testimonial aspect Id. Thus, in those instances where the existence 
and/or location of the requested documents are unknown, or where production would 
"implicitly authenticate" the requested documents, the act of producing responsive 
documents is considered testimonial and is protected by the Fifth Amendment. In re Grand 
Jury Subpoena 1 F.3d 87, 93 (2d Cir. 1993); see also Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 
391, 410 (1976)(issue expressed as whether compliance with a document request or 
subpoena "tacitly conceded" the item's authenticity, existence or possession by the 
defendant). 
The Court begins with an analysis of the Fifth Amendment privilege as applied to 
each request or category of requests. In the event the Court determines that a certain 
request does not infringe upon Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege, Epstein's additional 
objections to that request shall be addressed. Where appropriate, the Court looks to 
Epstein's Response Memorandum for more particularized objections, rather than relying 
solely on Epstein's objections as initially stated, which in some cases are less specific in 
nature. 
EFTA00592194
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010 Page 5 of 14 
REQUESTS FOR ADMISSIONS 
The Admission Requests at issue herein, Request Numbers 1-9 and 21-23, all 
essentially seek admissions relating to the same general subject matter, namely, 
Defendant's financial history: Epstein's net worth (Requests 1-5, and 23); fraudulent 
conveyances (Requests 6, 9, 21 and 22); real estate ownership (Requests 7-8). Epstein 
argues, and this Court agrees, that to force him to respond to these requests would involve 
compelled statements that could reasonably furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed 
to prosecute Epstein in future criminal proceedings or even support a criminal conviction. 
Accordingly, Epstein's objection to responding to these requests on the basis of his Fifth 
Amendment Right against self incrimination is upheld and Plaintiffs Motion is denied. 
As noted previously, the Fifth Amendment privilege against self incrimination is 
accorded liberal construction," Hoffman, 341 U.S. at 486, and extends not only to answers 
that would in themselves support a criminal conviction, but extends also to those answers 
which would furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed to prosecute the claimant for 
a crime. Id. Thus to be afforded protection, the answer need not necessarily be enough 
to support a criminal conviction; it is enough if the response merely provides a lead or clue 
to evidence having a tendency to incriminate. Neff 615 F.2d at 1239. 
In asserting his Fifth Amendment privilege, Epstein expresses a concern that these 
requests for admissions, if answered, may result in compelled testimonial communications 
from Epstein regarding his financial status and history and would require him to waive his 
right to decline to respond to other inquiries related to the same subject matter in this case, 
the related cases and those matters outlined in Epstein's in camera submissions at D.E. 
#s 282 and 283. Given the allegations raised in the various Complaints and the elements 
EFTA00592195
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010 Page 6 of 14 
required to convict Epstein of a crime, and considering the background facts underlying the 
case, these concerns are reasonable, real and not unjustified. It goes without saying that 
being forced to admit, deny and/or identify the existence of the information sought by virtue 
of an admission or denial is tantamount to forcing testimonial disclosures that would 
communicate statements of fact. Finding that such admissions or denials present a real 
and substantial danger of self-incrimination in this case, in other related cases, and relative 
to potential federal claims of violations, the Court concludes the subject requests are 
subject to Epstein's assertion of his Fifth Amendment privilege against self incrimination. 
INTERROGATORY REQUESTS 
The interrogatories at issue here fall into three general categories: contention-type 
interrogatories seeking information such as the facts upon which Defendant relies in 
support of his affirmative defenses and pleading allegations and the anticipated testimony 
of certain witnesses (Interrogatories 12 and 23); financial history information such as what 
assets Epstein has, where such assets are located, and whether such assets have been 
transferred or fraudulently concealed (Interrogatories 2-7 and 13-15); and one identity 
information interrogatory seeking the names, addresses and phone numbers of Epstein's 
current accountants, financial planners or money managers (Interrogatory 17). For the 
following reasons Epstein's objections on the basis of his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against self-incrimination are upheld and Plaintiffs Motion to Compel the subject 
Interrogatory Requests is denied. 
As with the Admission Requests, Epstein argues, and this Court agrees, that to 
force Epstein to answer the above-stated Interrogatories would involve compelled 
statements that could reasonably furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed to 
EFTA00592196
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010 Page 7 of 14 
prosecute Epstein In future criminal proceedings or even support a criminal conviction. 
Asking Epstein to identify persons or witnesses who may have knowledge of the events 
In question, to state the facts upon which he relies in support of his affirmative defenses, 
and to give an accounting of all of his assets and list all actions taken by him and those 
retained by him with reference to those assets, would violate the Fifth Amendment in that 
Epstein would be forced to incriminate himself in the commission of crimes. Further, such 
an order would constitute compelled testimonial admissions that could potentially provide 
a link in the chain of evidence having a tendency to Incriminate Epstein and would threaten 
to invade his privilege against being required to produce or testify. Rudy-Glanzer v. 
Glanzer, 232 F.3d 1258, 1263 (9"' Cir. 2000). Accordingly, finding the sought after 
information would result in testimonial disclosures that would communicate statements of 
fact which in turn would present a real and substantial danger of self-incrimination in this 
case and other related cases as well as in areas that could result in criminal prosecution, 
Epstein's objection to responding to these requests on the basis of his Fifth Amendment 
privilege against self incrimination is upheld and Plaintiff's Motion is denied. 
PRODUCTION REQUESTS 
The production requests at issue here fall Into four general categories: requests for 
documents the federal government gave to Epstein in the course of its plea discussions 
with him (Requests 7, 9 and 10); requests for financial information documents (Requests 
8, 11, 14 and 15); requests for personal tax returns from 2002 to the present and for a copy 
of Epstein's passport (Requests 12 and 13); and Epstein's medical records from Dr. 
Stephen Alexander (Request 16). Each of these categories of requests shall be addressed 
in turn. 
EFTA00592197
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010 Page 8 of 14 
Plaintiff's Motion to Compel as it relates to the first category of documents, 
consisting of documents the federal government gave to Epstein in the course of its plea 
discussions with him (Requests 7, 9 and 10), is granted. The law is well established that 
the Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination does not extend to documents 
whose existence is known to the government or is a foregone conclusion. Fisher, 425 U.S. 
at 410; United States v. Hubbell, 530 U.S. 27, 44 (2000); United States v. Ponds, 454 F.3d 
313, 325 (D.C. Cir. 2006). Thus, while the Fifth Amendment covers situations where the 
act of producing documents has "communicative aspects of its own wholly aside from 
contents of the papers produced" Fisher, 425 U.S. at 410, the doctrine does not apply 
where the government has "prior knowledge of either the existence or the whereabouts of 
the...documents ultimately produced...:' Hubbell 530 U.S. at 44. 
Requests 7, 9 and 10 seek production of documents the government itself gave to 
Epstein, making the government's prior knowledge of the documents sought an obvious 
and undeniable "foregone conclusion." As such, Epstein can not reasonably and in good 
faith argue that in producing these documents to Plaintiff he will somehow be incriminating 
himself. In re Grand Jury Subpoena, 383 F.3d 905, 910 (9" Cir. 2004) (noting there can 
be no self-incrimination by production where the "existence and location of the documents 
... are a 'foregone conclusion' and [the claimant) ... adds little or nothing to the sum total 
of the Government's information by conceding that he in fact has the documents."). 
In an attempt to get around this settled principle of law, Epstein argues that forcing 
him to give Plaintiff the discovery produced by the government would implicate the Fifth 
Amendment in that such production might disclose witnesses helpful to Plaintiff. Epstein 
Resp., p.7. This argument misses the point. As Plaintiff correctly observes, the question 
is not whether the government's documents have information that might be harmful to 
EFTA00592198
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010 Page 9 of 14 
Epstein's defense, indeed, a reasonable presumption would be that the documents do 
contain information harmful to Epstein and that is precisely why the government was 
showing Epstein the documents in the first place; Instead, the only pertinent question is 
whether turning over the government's documents to Plaintiff somehow forces Epstein to 
provide 'testimony' to the government in contravention of the privilege against self 
incrimination guaranteed by the Fifth Amendment. This question can only reasonably be 
answered in the negative. 
Also without merit is Epstein's argument that these requests are the same requests 
the undersigned previously found subject to the Fifth Amendment. Epstein Resp., pp.7-8. 
This is not the case. The earlier requests referenced by Epstein were significantly broader 
than the narrow requests at issue here, including for example, a request for all documents 
"relating to" the federal non-prosecution agreement, all documents "relating to" Epstein's 
Florida guilty plea, and all documents obtained in Investigation relating to" either the 
federal or state criminal investigations. These requests would have required Epstein to pick 
and choose which documents were responsive and in this way force Epstein to effectively 
make "use of the content of his mind," an action that would undeniably implicate the Fifth 
Amendment. See Hubbell, 530 U.S. at 43. 
Epstein also raises objections on the basis of the work product doctrine and the 
attorney client privilege. objections on the basis of the attorney client privilege and the 
work product doctrine are rejected out of hand. The attorney-client privilege protects 
"confidential communications" between a lawyer and his client for the purpose of obtaining 
legal advice. Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 403 (1976); U.S. v. Schaltenbrand, 
930 F.2d 1554, 1562 (11th CIr.), cert. denied, 112 S.Ct. 640 (1991); In re Grand Jury 
Subpoena (Bierman), 788 F.2d 1511, 1512 (11th Cir. 1986). Under the rule, only material 
EFTA00592199
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010 Page 10 of 14 
involving confidential communications between the attorney and the client which fall within 
the purview of the privilege are rendered immune from discovery. Fisher, 425 U.S. at 403. 
The documents at issue here were given by the Government to Epstein, and as such are 
clearly not confidential communications protected by the attorney client privilege. The work 
product doctrine, which protects from disclosure documents and tangible things prepared 
in anticipation of litigation by or for a party or by or for that party's attorney acting for his 
client, Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(b)(3)'; In re Grand Jury Proceedings, 601 F.2d 162, 171 (5th Cir. 
1979), is also not implicated as the subject documents were not created by Epstein's 
attorneys. Id. 
Finally, Epstein argues the information sought is protected from disclosure by Rules 
408 and 410 of the Federal Rules of Evidence governing the admission into evidence of 
documents involving settlement discussions and plea negotiations. Plaintiffs acknowledge 
that Request Number 10 might, at some point, be implicated by the Rule, but they are 
correct when they avail themselves of the broad federal discovery rules and argue that the 
information sought, while it may ultimately be barred from use at trial, is nonetheless 
subject to disclosure at the instant discovery stage. See Oppenheimer Fund, Inc. v. 
Sanders, 437 U.S. 340. 352 (1978). 
Accordingly, Epstein is ordered to produce the 
documents subject to these Requests within ten (10) days from the date hereof. 
Plaintiff's Motion to Compel as it relates to the second category of documents, 
financial information documents (Requests 8,11,14 and 15), is denied on the basis of the 
Fifth Amendment. In sustaining Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege, the Court has 
considered the facts alleged in the Complaints, the elements needed to convict Epstein of 
' Rule 26(b)(3) was adopted in 1970 to codify the holding in Hickman v. Taylor, 
329 U.S. 495 (1947). 
EFTA00592200
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010 Page 11 of 14 
a crime, the particularized showing made in Epstein's Response Brief and in camera 
submission, and drawn upon the Court's knowledge of the cases at issue. On this basis 
the Court finds the privilege raised as to these Requests valid, and asserted by Epstein 
only with reference to "genuinely threatening questions? United States v. Goodwin, 625 
F.2d 693, 701 (5th Cir. 1980). 
In ruling as it does, the Court finds that ordering Epstein to produce the information 
sought, information which relates to potential violations of federal law and claims, 
constitutes testimonial disclosures that would communicate statements of fact and present 
a real and substantial danger of self-incrimination in both this case and other related cases 
that could result in criminal prosecution. Fisher, 425 U.S. at 410 (noting that the Fifth 
Amendment covers situations where the act of producing documents has "communicative 
aspects of its own wholly aside from contents of the papers produced"). The danger 
Epstein faces by being forced to testify in this instance is "substantial and real, and not 
merely trifling or imaginary" as required. Apfelbaum, 445 U.S. 128. Accordingly, finding 
the subject requests involve compelled statements that would furnish a link in the chain of 
evidence needed to convict Epstein of a crime, the Court finds Epstein's Fifth Amendment 
privilege claim validly asserted. Accordingly, Epstein's objection is sustained and he need 
not produce documents subject to these Requests. 
The third category of documents requested consists of Epstein's personal tax 
returns for the year 2002 through the present (Request No. 12) and a copy of Epstein's 
U.S. Passport (Request No. 13). Plaintiffs' Motion as it relates to both these requests is 
granted. Once again, the Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination does not 
extend to documents whose existence is known to the government or is a foregone 
conclusion. Fisher, 425 U.S. at 410; Hubbell, 530 U.S. at 44; Ponds, 454 F.3d at 325 (D.C. 
EFTA00592201
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010 Page 12 of 14 
Cir. 2006). In this instance the Government, namely the IRS, already has Epstein's tax 
returns, so it can hardly be incriminating for Epstein to produce them. Id. The same is true 
of Epstein's U.S. Passport. Since Epstein is required to show his Passport to Government 
officials every time he travels outside the United States, the Government undeniably has 
"prior knowledge" of the Passport's existence, and its whereabouts is a `foregone" 
conclusion. Hubbell, 530 U.S. at 44. 
Even more persuasive Is the fact that tax records and passports, considered by the 
courts to be "required records," are as a matter of law deemed not subject to Fifth 
Amendment protection. See, e.q., Rajah v. Mukasey, 544 F.3d 427, 442 (2d Cir. 
2008)("Just as a taxpayer's W-2 forms are required records not subject to the Fifth 
Amendment because they are a mandatory part of a civil regulatory regime, so too are the 
passports...at issue in the current case.'); In re Doe, 711 F.2d 1187, 1191 (2d Cir. 
1983)(ordering production of W-2 forms over Fifth Amendment objection on grounds of 
required records exception); In re Doe, 97 F.R.D. 640, 644-45 (S.D. N.Y. 1982)(same). 
Epstein's reliance on 26 U.S.C. §6103, governing the confidentiality of tax returns, 
does little to aid Epstein's cause. The same federal statute Epstein cites was cited by the 
claimant of the privilege in the cases referred to above and in each of them the court's 
ruled that the confidentiality provided by the IRS statute was properly overridden by the 
broad federal discovery rules. Id. Accordingly, Epstein's Fifth Amendment claim of 
privilege as it relates to these Requests is rejected and Epstein has ten (10) days from the 
date hereof to provide the discovery subject to these Requests. 
The last category of documents concern Epstein's medical records from Dr. Stephen 
Alexander (Request 16). Epstein raises several objections to this category of Requests 
from relevancy concerns to privilege claims. Because Plaintiff has failed to articulate any 
EFTA00592202
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010 Page 13 of 14 
reasonable basis for obtaining the documents in question, Plaintiffs' Motion as it relates to 
this request is denied. While the scope of discovery is broad, it is not without limits. 
Washington v. Brown & Williamson Tobacco, 959 F.2d 1566, 1570 (11th Clr. 1992). 
Indeed the 2000 Amendment to Rule 26 has effectively limited the scope of discoverable 
information to those matters which are relevant to a claim or defense in the lawsuit. 
Dellacasa, LLC v. John Moriarty & Ass. Of Florida, Inc., 2007 WL 4117261 at *3 (S.D. Fla. 
2007). Courts have long held that "[w]hile the standard of relevancy [in discovery] is a 
liberal one, it is not so liberal as to allow a party to 'roam in the shadow zones of relevancy 
and to explore matter which does not presently appear germane on the theory that it might 
conceivably become so.' " Food Lion, Inc. v. United Food & Commercial Workers Intern. 
Union. 103 F.3d 1007, 1012-13 (C.A. D.C. 1997)(quoting Broadway and Ninety Sixth Street 
Realty Co. v. Loew's Inc., 21 F.R.D. 347, 352 (S.D. N.Y. 1958)); Donahay v. Palm Beach 
Tours & Transp., Inc., 2007 W.L. 1119206 at *1 (S.D. Fla. 2007). Accordingly, Plaintiffs' 
Motion as it relates to Request No. 16 is denied. Epstein has raised detailed objections 
to the request, among other things calling into question the relevancy of his medical 
condition in this case where, according to him, he has not placed his medical condition at 
issue. This particular objection was met by Plaintiffs with silence. In light of the objection 
made by Epstein, Plaintiffs were obligated to come back in their reply and articulate some 
rational basis for seeking the records requested. Having failed in this regard, Plaintiffs' 
Motion as it relates to Request No. 16 is denied and Epstein need not produce documents 
responsive to this request. 
In accordance with the above and foregoing, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: 
EFTA00592203
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010 Page 14 of 14 
(1) Plaintiff's Motion to Compel Answers to Plaintiff's First Request for Production 
(D.E. #194 and #210) is GRANTED IN PART AND DENIED IN PART in accordance with 
the terms herein; 
(2) Plaintiff's Motion to Compel Answers to Plaintiff's First Request for Admissions 
(D.E. #195 and #211) is DENIED; and, 
(3) Plaintiffs Motion to Compel Answers to Interrogatories (D.E.#196 and #212) Is 
DENIED. 
DONE AND ORDERED this February 4, 2010, in Chambers, at West Palm Beach, 
Florida. 
o 
LINNEA R. J 
ON 
UNITED STA 
S MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
CC: 
The Honorable Kenneth A. Marra 
All Counsel of Record 
EFTA00592204

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592205.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592205.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Tue. 07 February 2017 15:04:36 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page 1 of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket AA 0017944964032-07FEB 
Travel Details 
Thursday 09 Feb 17 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
A VISA IS REQUIRED FOR ENTRY INTO USA 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
American Airlines 
Flight 
AA 943 
Origin 
Charlotte Amalie, 
Cyril E King Airport 
Destination 
Miami. 
Miami International 
Departing 
02:30 PM 
Arriving 
04:40 PM 
Class 
V Economy Class 
Seats 
26A 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 10 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 737-800 
Meal 
Food For Purchase 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
NIL 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary GOHUYX 
E RICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00592205
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Additional Messages 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival, when available* 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a $100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at l/AS' . americanexpress.ccaO—. 
To book your stay, visit amerloanexpress.cornffhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cat Centurion Travel Service for details 
•• Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
For more information on benefits and eligibility, please visit: 
• Centurion Hotel Program: centunon.com 
• FINE HOTELS E RESORTS: amextravel.comIhr 
• The Hotel Collection: amAr,canexnresc cornrucicrecirt-rarrisehenefaspeia 
nrimorprAminr-gold 
• International Aline Program: lap amenranexorecs 
• Cruise Privileges Program: amencanexpress romkruseorivinces
• Platinum Destinations Vacations: amencanexpress.comrusicredit-cardubeneMsrdetaiVolatinum-desbnations-vacationsisolatinum 
• Pay with Pouts: ameroanexpress.conVpaywithpoints 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and con:lbws set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any lcdgi-ig, lour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services includng. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of American Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively. 'Amex") has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
impceed charges, ncluding, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-out. You may wish to inquire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at ww v 'Mary cr-^1 Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
bneannel Travel nricumentatinn and Information. 
Travelers dewing transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining al necessary travel documents and complying with all govemment travel 
requirements. You must present all eXit entry and other documents requred by law. Amex shall not be responsible to you for any loss or expense due to your failure to 
comply with such rethirements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carriage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws. regulations. orders. 
demands. or requirements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibikty to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your jotrney. Many 
countries require that your passport be valid for up to six (6) months from you date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign country. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at luiL 
govirnotontdn-screr, . 
' I=.Arnonto• html Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclanis any Viability for arty inaccurate or incomplete information contained on the foregoing 
website. 
• 
Air Transportation 
Page 2 of 3 
Itinerary GOHUYX 
:
AMERICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00592206
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
Airlines reserve the right to change your seats at any time due to operational needs/aircraft reconfiguration. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important 
notices apply to air transportation. Please visit haps.,',,myarrextravel.constalic corc airs for more nformation. 
Airline Notice on Hazardous Materials 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of $250000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5120). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and scbds. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further 
information contact your airline representative or visit htinswwww fan gpvinhairtanniatives,ha7macafart 
Liability Statement 
You understand and agree that American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affikates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex,. 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shal not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons a property resulting. diectly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or failures of 
equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil unrest. 
strikes. riots. theft. disease. accidents or failures related to the public intemet. telecommunications lines or facilities. or third party technology systems. a any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex 
Intermediary Disclosure 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itneraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and from tine to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to or marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addrlica, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other business relafionships with suppliers and 
these arrangements, including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommendig itineraries. we 
may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
Stele %with- DiRrincllma• 
CAI IEORNIS; Upon cancellation of the transportation or travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled n violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier. 
without obtaining a refund and such other provider fails to prove the agreed-upon transportation a service. In this situation. the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establishing the disbursement of the customer payment. and if disbursed to a registered wholesaler of 
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seder of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Efigble passengers may file a claim with the 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than S50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when requied. The maximum amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed S15.000. A claim must be submitted to the TCRF with." 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A clam 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the clan, and a 335 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating raker of travel for matters arisng out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRF's website at laww.tcrcinfo.orn 
WASHINGTON: If transportation a other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within dirty (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
HAWAII: Please visit 
013106/consun- 
aril for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which monlauss our trase ;enc 
s: account is Bank of 
Waikiki Branch, 2222 Kalakaua Avenue. Honolulu. HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account 
California CSTil 1022318. Washington UBI1600.469-694. Iowa TAc669. 
Page 3 of 3 
Itinerary GOHUYX 
AMERICAN 
ECPRE SS 
EFTA00592207

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592208.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592208.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Haze Trust 
MEMORANDUM 
To 
From: 
Value Date: 
Vahe 
Darren K. Indyke 
November 23, 2016 
Debit Account # : 
N4G-024943 
************************************************************************ 
Please wire Twenty Five Million Dollars (25,000,000) from the above account to: 
Bank: Bank of America 
135 S. Lasalle Street, Chicago, IL 60603 
ABA: 
026009593 
Credit: 
CDEC Clearing Account 
Account #: 
5201904546 
Further Credit To: 
Trust Account No: 543270 
Trust Name: AP Narrows Holding LP/BMO Trustee 
Telephone confirmation: 
Chicago Deferred Exchange Company, LLC 
(312)580-9640 
Attn: James Barrios 
EFTA00592208
--- PAGE 2 ---
Bank: 
ODE C 
Chicago Deferred Exchange Company.
HAze TioF 
125,000,022. 
WIRE 
TRANSFER 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Bank of America 
135 S. LaSalle Street 
Chicago, 11 60603 
ABA 
026009593 
Credit: 
COEC Clearing Account 
Account No.: 
5201904546 
Further Credit To: 
Trust Account No.: 543270 
Telephone Confirmation: 
Trust Name: AP Narrows Holding LP/BMO Trustee 
Chicago Deferred Exchange Company, LLC 
(312) 580-9640 
Attn: James Barrios 
WINW.CDECIO3I.CON 
CHICAGO 
NEW YORK 
SAN OIEGO 
SAN FRANCISCO 
(866)677 1031 
(877) 449 1031 
(8771446 1031 
(877)448 1031 
EFTA00592209
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: Darren Indyke 
Subject: Fwd: images 
Date: November 23.2016 at 8.06 AM 
To: Richard Kahn 
6? 
See attachments to Heather's email below. Haze is just purchasing 
Giacometti for $25MM and Braque FOR $5MM. Two separate wires -
$25MM with reference to 
AP Narrows for Giacometti and 
$5MM with reference to LDB 2011 LLC for the Braque. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Heather Gray 
Date: November 22. 2016 at 4:00:53 PM EST 
To: Darren Indyke 
Cc: jeffrey E. 
Subject: RE: images 
div> 
Hi Darren, 
Attached for your review are draft Bills of Sale for the Giacometti, the Schiele and the Braque. I need 
to know the name and address of the buyer for each document, and also where each work will be 
shipped. 
Also attached are the wire transfer instructions, which I will attach to the respective Bills of Sale once 
they are ready to be finalized. Both payments are going to the same account, but the reference will 
be different for each (AP Narrows for the Giacometti payment, LDB 2011 LLC for the Schiele and 
Braque payments). 
As I told Jeffrey and as the Bills of Sale indicate, his payments must be in the CDEC bank account by 
noon tomorrow in order for these deals to be completed, so he will need to send wire transfers first 
thing in the morning. Please have someone send me the fed wire reference numbers once the 
payments have been made. 
Please let me know if you have any questions or comments on the Bills of Sale. 
Best, 
Heather 
Heather Gray 
EFTA00592210
--- PAGE 4 ---
To: Heather Gray 
Subject: Re: images 
pleaes send all documents to darren 
On Tue. Nov 22, 2016 at 3:26 PM, Heather Gray e
> wrote: 
' Jeffrey. 
1-lere are image and descriptions of the works: 
Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue 
Suite 1401 
New York. NY 10022 
646-589-0315 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: Tuesday, November 22, 2016 3:33 PM 
; Darren Indyke <
> 
I 
I 
Georges Braque 
Le Gueridon 
signed 'Braque' (on the reverse) 
oil on canvas 
x 13 in. 
Painted in 1911 
EFTA00592211
--- PAGE 5 ---
12Cozov✓ 
Alberto Giacometti 
I Figure moyenne H 
signed and dated 'A. Giacometti 1947' (on the top of the 
base); inscribed with foundry mark 'Alexis Rudier 
I ondeur Paris' (on the back of the base) 
bronze with golden brown patina 
in. high 
Executed in 1947 
I 
Patin gehiele 
EFTA00592212
--- PAGE 6 ---
Flusslandschaft mit zwei Bitumen 
signed and dated 'EGON SCHIELE 1913' (lower left) 
oil on canvas 
x 35 3/8 in. 
Painted in 1913 
Best, 
Heather 
Heather Gray 
Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue 
Suite 1401 
New York. NY 10022 
EMS 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please noti 
us immediate! by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof. 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
:®
Giacometti Bill of Sale - 
CDECRE to buyer.doc 
Schiele Bill of Sale - 
CDECRE to Buyer.doc 
EFTA00592213
--- PAGE 7 ---
From: Jeffrey E joevacation&gmancom 
Subject: haze 
Date: November 23. 2016 at 5:11 AM 
To: Richard Kahn 
Darren Indyke OKIESCWaol corn 
ok to wire the 30 million. to darren directions 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notif us immediate) by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00592214
--- PAGE 8 ---
BILL OF SALE 
Dated: November 23, 2016 
Sold by: 
CDECRE Artwork EAT LLC 
do Chicago Deferred Exchange Company 
135 S. LaSalle Street, Suite 1940 
Chicago, IL 60603 
Sold to: 
[JEE ENTITY] 
[ADDRESS] 
[ADDRESS] 
Work Sold: 
Artist: 
Alberto Giacometti 
Title: 
Figure moyenne II 
Medium: bronze with golden brown patina 
Size: 
in. high 
Date: 
1947 
Signed: 
signed and dated 'A. Giacometti 1947' (on 
the top of the base); inscribed with foundry mark 
'Alexis Rudier Fondeur Paris' (on the back of the 
base) 
Purchase Price: 
$27,000,000 
$0 NY sales tax (out of state delivery to Buyer) 
$27,000,000 
Payable in full: 
No later than 12:00 pm on November 23, 2016 
("Seller") 
("Buyer") 
("Work") 
("Purchase Price") 
Seller hereby agrees to sell the Work to Buyer, and Buyer agrees to buy the Work 
from Seller, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. Upon receipt of the Purchase 
Price in Seller's Bank Account (as defined on Schedule A) in good and immediately available 
funds on or before 12:00 pm Eastern Daylight Time on November 23, 2016, Seller will sell, 
transfer and convey to Buyer the Work, and all right to possession and all legal and equitable 
ownership of the Work, to have and to hold the Work unto Buyer, its successors and assigns, 
forever. Notwithstanding anything in this Bill of Sale to the contrary, if the Purchase Price 
is not received in Seller's Bank Account in good and immediately available funds by 12:00 
pm Eastern Daylight Time on November 23, 2016, the sale will be cancelled, title to the 
Work will not pass to Buyer, this Bill of Sale shall be automatically terminated and neither 
party shall have any further obligation or liability to the other. 
Seller represents and warrants that: (i) Seller is the sole and legal owner of the 
Work; (ii) Seller has the full right and legal authority to execute and deliver this Bill of Sale and 
to transfer exclusive and unrestricted possession of the Work and good, valid and marketable 
title to the Work to Buyer, free and clear of all claims, liens or other encumbrances; and (iii) the 
Work is the same work of art that is described above. 
EFTA00592215
--- PAGE 9 ---
Seller agrees to arrange for delivery of the Work to Buyer at Buyer's premises in 
Paris, France. Seller's representations and warranties will survive completion of the transactions 
contemplated by this Bill of Sale and shall be binding upon Seller and its successors, assigns and 
legal representatives and shall inure to the benefit of Buyer and its successors, assigns and legal 
representatives. This Bill of Sale represents the entire understanding of the parties hereto, 
supersedes all other and prior agreements between the parties with regard to the Work and 
declares all such prior agreements between the parties null and void. The terms of this Bill of 
Sale may not be modified or amended, except in a writing signed by both parties. This Bill of 
Sale shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of 
New York without regard to conflict of law principles. Any dispute arising hereunder shall be 
resolved in the New York State Supreme Court, New York County, or in the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of New York, and the parties hereto consent to the 
personal jurisdiction of those courts. This Bill of Sale may be executed in counterparts, and 
delivered by facsimile or PDF, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have set their hands and seals the 
day and year first above written. 
SELLER 
CDECRE Artwork EAT LLC 
By: CDECRE, LLC 
Its: Sole Member 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
BUYER 
PEE ENTITY] 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
EFTA00592216
--- PAGE 10 ---
SCHEDULE A 
SELLER'S BANK ACCOUNT 
"Seller's Bank Account" shall mean the bank account indicated on the attached wire transfer 
instructions. 
EFTA00592217

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592218.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592218.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 38604576 E-Filed 03/04/2016 10:11:25 AM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND 
FOR 
BROWARD 
COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
Case No. 15-000072 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and PAUL G. 
CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs/Counterclaim Defendants, 
vs. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ„ 
Defendant/Counterclaim Plaintiff. 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE AND NOTICE OF DESIGNATION OF PRIMARY AND 
SECONDARY E-MAIL ADDRESSES FOR SERVICE OF PLEADINGS AND PAPERS 
Charles H. Lichtman, Esq. and the law firm of Berger Singerman LLP hereby notify the 
Court and all interested parties of its appearance as counsel of record for Defendant, Alan 
Dershowitz. Please direct all further notices, Orders, pleadings and correspondence to the 
undersigned as indicated below. 
In addition, Berger Singerman LLP, in compliance with Florida Rule of Judicial 
Administration 2.516(b)(1)(A), designates the following e-mail addresses for service of all 
pleadings and papers in this action: 
Primary: 
Secondary: 
6982527-I 
EFTA00592218
--- PAGE 2 ---
Dated: March 4, 2016 
BERGER SINGERMAN LLP 
350 E Las Olas Blvd. 
Suite 1000 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-4215 
Phone: 954-525-9900 
Fax: 954-523-2872 
Attorneys for Defendant, Alan Dershowitz 
By: Charles H. Lichtman 
Charles Lichtman 
Florida Bar 
Direct line 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
The undersigned certifies that on March 4, 2016, a true and correct copy of the foregoing 
was filed with the Clerk of Court via the E-Portal which will electronically serve a copy to all 
parties on the attached Service List. 
By: Charles H. Lichtman 
Charles Lichtman 
6982527-I 
EFTA00592219
--- PAGE 3 ---
SERVICE LIST 
Thomas E. Scott, Esq. 
Steven R. Safra, Es. 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, 
Dadeland Centre H, 14th Floor 
9150 South Dadeland Blvd. 
Miami, FL 33156 
Phone: 305-350-5300 
Fax: 305-373-2294 
Richard A. Simpson, Esq. 
Mary E. Boija, Esq. 
Ashley E. Eiler, Esq. 
Nicole Audet Richardson, Esq. 
WILEY REIN LLP 
1776 K. Street LLP 
Washington, DC 20006 
Phone: 202-719-7000 
Fax: 202-719-7049 
Co-Counsel for Alan Dershowitz 
Bruce S. Rogow, Esq. 
BRUCE S. ROGOW, M. 
100 NE 3rd Ave., Suite 1000 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-767-8909 
Fax: 954-764-1530 
Co-Counsel for Alan Dershowitz 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
FARMER JAFFE WEISSING EDWARDS 
FISTOS LEHRMAN 
425 N Andrews Ave Ste 2 
Ft Lauderdale, FL 33301-3268 
Phone: 954-524-2820 
Fax: 954-524-2822 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
SEARCY DENNEY SCAROLA BARNHART 
& SHIPLEY, M. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakles Blvd., 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Phone: 561-686-6300 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
Joni J. Jones, Esq. 
jonijones@utah.gov 
Assistant Utah Attorney General 
160 East 300 South 
Salt Lake City, Utah 84114 
Counsel for Plaintiff Paul G. Cassell 
Sigrid S. McCawley, Esq. 
BOLES SCHILLER & FLEXNER L L P 
401 E Las Olas Blvd Ste 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-2211 
Phone: 954-356-0011 
Fax: 954-356-0022 
6982527-1 
EFTA00592220

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592221.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592221.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XX)C<MBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
REOUEST TO PRODUCE TO JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Bradley J. Edwards by and through his undersigned counsel, requests, pursuant to Rule 
1.350 of the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, that Jeffrey Epstein produce and permit Bradley J. 
Edwards to inspect and copy each of the following documents•: 
Any and all documents• reflecting or relating to any expenditure of time, effort or money 
by you or on your behalf to influence directly or indirectly your public image or reputation 
including but not limited to: 
1. expenditures directed at overcoming, counter-balancing, or 
suppressing adverse media attention focused on any criminal 
charges lodged against you; 
2. communications relating to your desire for privacy or 
confidentiality; 
EFTA00592221

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592222.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592222.pdf
----------------------------------------
ISLAND CAPITAL GROUP LLC 
717 Fifth Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAI, 
March 31, 2015 
VIA EMAIL 
Bryan Slotkin 
Goldman, Sachs & Co. 
2121 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 2600 
Los Angeles, CA 90067 
Jim Collins 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 
1585 Broadway 
New York. NY 10036 
Re: 
Indication of Interest -C&W Group, Inc. 
Gentlemen: 
Island Capital Group (Island" or "Island Capital"), on behalf of its controlled affiliate C-III Capital 
Partners LLC ("C-Ill'), is pleased to submit this indication of interest in leading and/or participating in a 
potential transaction (a "Potential Transaction") to acquire C&W Group, Inc. ("C&W' or the 
"Company"). 
Founded by Island Capital in 2010, C-III is a private, real estate finance, investment and services 
company that in 2014 generated net cash flow of approximately $147 million. C-Ill has liquidity of 
approximately $230 million and negligible outstanding obligations of only $86 million. C-III is owned 
primarily by a series of feeder vehicles (all of which are controlled by Island Capital) comprised of the 
following firms and/or principals or affiliates of these firms: Harvard Management Company (the 
manager of The Harvard University Endowment), Och-Ziff, York Capital, Pershing Square Capital 
Management, Wells Fargo, TIAA-CREF, CaISTRS, PSERS, New York Private Bank & Trust, Tinicum, 
Malkin Properties and Eminence Capital among others. These firms, family offices and other investors 
have provided approximately $1.6 billion of equity capital to C-III and its managed funds over the course 
of the past 5 years. This investor group continues to be available to finance C-Ill's corporate and 
investment management businesses as they grow and evolve in the future. 
C-Ill's Operating Platform 
C-Ill is engaged in a broad range of real estate related activities, including primary and special loan 
servicing, loan origination, commercial real estate services (brokerage, investment sales marketing and 
auction, multifamily property management and title agency services) and fund management and principal 
investment — each, as described below: 
EFTA00592222
--- PAGE 2 ---
Primary and Special Servicing: C-III controls portfolios of controlling classes of securities in numerous 
CMBS trusts, which in the aggregate own approximately $107 billion of commercial mortgages. C-III 
Asset Management ("C3AM") is a highly rated loan servicer (primary and special) of commercial real 
estate loans and is one of the largest special servicers of commercial mortgages in the United States. 
C3AM is rated "strong" for special servicing and "above average" for primary servicing by 
and 
"CSSI" and "CPS2" by Fitch for special servicing and primary servicing, respectively. C3AM also has 
the highest ranking from Morningstar for special servicers, "MOR CSL". C-III is the named special 
servicer for the vast majority of the CMBS trusts for which it has any affiliation. It also provides special 
servicing for various trusts controlled by third parties with which C-Ill has joint venture arrangements. 
CRE Lending: C-III Commercial Mortgage LLC ("C3CM"), formed by C-III in late 2010, is a 
commercial real estate lender providing fixed and floating rate mortgages, mezzanine loans and other 
subordinated debt financing. Since inception, C3CM has originated or referred over $2.5 billion of loans 
and participated in approximately 23 new issue CMBS securitizations. C3CM primarily operates as a 
conduit lender, by originating loans through its borrower relationships and selling those loans to 
securitization vehicles. C3CM also originates and retains floating rate loans on its balance sheet. 
Diversified Real Estate Services: C-III's Diversified Real Estate Services Division owns a series of real 
estate services companies including: 
(1) U.S Residential Group, acquired by C-III in 2011, which manages 178 properties in 19 states, 
comprising approximately 37,000 units in multifamily properties; 
(2) C-Ill Realty Services, its captive commercial real estate investment sales brokerage arm, which 
has sold over $5 billion in commercial real estate since its formation by C-III in mid-2011; 
(3) Real Capital Markets (RCM), acquired by C-III in 2013, which provides on-line commercial real 
estate marketing and investment sales services with a proprietary database of over 40,000 buyers 
of commercial real estate; RCM has been instrumental in the sale of more than 38,000 properties 
representing more than $1.4 trillion in value since 1 
and has a commercial real estate auction 
platform that competes with companies like 
(4) NAI Global, acquired by C-III in January 2012, which is the largest network of commercial real 
estate services firms in the world and has 164 member firms operating out of 379 offices globally, 
which firms in turn employ approximately 6,600 commercial real estate professionals in 36 
countries worldwide and have been involved in approximately $20 billion of commercial real 
estate transactions annually over the past 10 years; and 
(5) Zodiac Title, formed by C-Ill in 2011, which is an approved agent for three national title insurers 
and provides its services throughout the United States. In 2014 alone, Zodiac executed 845 
insured title service orders relating to $5.1 billion of real estate assets. 
C-Ill Investment Management: C-III owns an institutional commercial real estate investment management 
business, C-III Investment Management ("C3IM"), which has raised in excess of $1 billion of equity 
from major U.S. institutional and private investors over the past 3 years. According to a Cambridge 
Associates 3Q2014 real estate fund benchmark report, C-HI's equity funds have generated average 
IRRs in excess of 30%, placing it r d out of the 43 reporting institutional real estate investment 
funds in the United States. C-Ill and its affiliates also have sponsored and currently manage five 
commercial real estate debt funds that have delivered equally superior performance to its investors. 
EFTA00592223
--- PAGE 3 ---
Backeround and Experience 
The principals of Island Capital and C-M were also the founders and managers of Insignia Financial 
Group, Inc. ("Insignia"). Insignia was started from scratch in 1990 as a private real estate opportunity 
fund and in just six years (by 1996) it had become one of the largest fully-integrated real estate services 
companies in the United States — it was the largest owner and operator of multifamily residential housing, 
and among the largest commercial property services companies. 
During its 13-year history, Insignia structured, oversaw or otherwise participated in real estate refinancing 
and acquisition transactions involving more than 225 multifamily and 20 office/retail properties in which 
more than $1.7 billion of capital was raised. Insignia completed over 50 merger and acquisition 
transactions, establishing itself as both a successful pioneer in the restructuring of the real estate industry 
and the leading operator of real estate in the United States. During the course of Insignia's growth it 
acquired the Edward S. Gordon Company which was, at the time, the preeminent commercial real estate 
brokerage firm in New York and arguably the United States. In order to facilitate its growth trajectory, 
Insignia was a sizable and constant procurer of key strategic brokerage talent internationally. Insignia was 
also one of the original participants in the real estate debt securitization industry. From 1992 to 2003, 
Insignia was involved in refinancing transactions in which approximately $1.4 billion of real estate debt 
secured by mortgages on or other interests in properties controlled and/or managed by Insignia and its 
affiliates was securitized. 
Insignia sold its non-New York multifamily residential assets and business operations to Apartment 
Investment and Management Company, a Denver-based real estate investment trust, in October 1998 in a 
"spin-off' transaction. Following that transaction, the new Insignia that emerged became an international 
real estate services company operating in more than 150 offices throughout the United States, the United 
Kingdom, continental Europe, Asia and Latin America, primarily focusing on commercial property 
services and financial services worldwide, and residential property services in the New York City 
metropolitan area. Insignia sold the residential business to an affiliate of Prudential Real Estate in March 
2003; and in July 2003, the remaining Insignia businesses were merged with CB Richard Ellis, creating 
the world's largest commercial real estate services company. 
Response to C&W Request for Indicative Proposal 
As a result of all of the above, and in light of the current lines of business and meaningful strategic 
growth goals articulated by C&W in the Confidential Information Memorandum ("C/M"), we believe 
Island Capital's depth and breadth of experience in acquiring, operating, integrating and managing 
businesses like those of the Company make Island and C-III a meaningful strategic partner and value 
enhancer to the eventual new owner of C&W. It is within this context that we present this response to 
your request for an indicative proposal. 
Island and C-Ill believe that C&W can and should compete on the global stage and take its place as one 
of the top commercial real estate services and investment firms in the world. We believe management of 
C&W has done an excellent job in positioning the firm to accomplish just that in the coming years and 
Island believes that it and C-III can make a major contribution to that effort independently or in joint 
venture with any major financial investor. 
We believe that the maximization of value of the C&W platform for any owner will involve the 
deployment of capital in many of the ways described in the CIM; but we also believe that paramount to 
successfully deploying over $500 million in the next three years (as called for in the CIM) and positioning 
the Company to compete globally will require a material diversification and expansion of C&W's 
business lines and the development of a robust investment sales and commercial real estate investment 
management business. As C-III already owns and operates very successful businesses in these areas, 
EFTA00592224
--- PAGE 4 ---
partnering with C-III represents an opportunity for the next owners of C&W to enter these businesses 
immediately and with zero lead time (i.e., C-III's businesses in this regard are "plug and play" for C&W). 
C-Ill's special servicing volume over the next several years represents a meaningful potential incremental 
revenue opportunity for C&W, adding to the achievable synergies of the two companies. Additionally, C-
III provides access to and credibility with some of the most prominent investors in the world. From a 
financial perspective, C-III' s virtually unlevered balance sheet, considerable cash and liquidity and a 
proven ability to generate significant net cash flow through fee based services and investment returns can 
both help to finance C&W's growth and mitigate the negative net cash flow projected early in the C&W 
projections model. As mentioned above, C-III's current liquidity ($230 million), modestly leveraged 
balance sheet and operating cash flow production ($147 million in 2014) could provide significant 
financial flexibility to a combined enterprise. 
We believe that this presents an extraordinary investment thesis. Together, along with the 
experience of the management teams of these two firms, C-III and C&W can quickly create a 
global real estate services, investment management and securitization platform without equal. We 
believe that such an enterprise would maximize value for the eventual buyer of C&W as the scale of 
the combined business would position the Company to create excess equity returns to any investor 
and allow for an eventual IPO exit. We do believe it is clear that the ability to execute this 
investment thesis should permit any investor in C&W to justify the highest possible price for the 
Potential Transaction. 
Based on the information available to us at this time, our indication of the enterprise value for the 
Company is $2.1 billion. We do believe, though, that combining C-III and C&W pursuant to the 
strategy contemplated above could result in $2.5 billion of equity value to the non-C-III participant 
in the combined enterprise (which could be the existing shareholders of C&W should they desire to 
participate). 
The above indications of value assume the availability of no less than 5.25x leverage on the 
underwritten LTM EBITDA of the combined enterprise. Additionally, the $2.5 billion indication of 
equity value reflects that the combined enterprise realizes approximately $50 million of enhanced 
annual EBITDA contribution from both cost savings and revenue synergies, although we believe 
the actual realized synergies are much higher. A portion of the debt proceeds realized in the 
transaction would be used to pay cash consideration to the existing shareholders of the Company. 
The $2.5 billion indication also contemplates the execution of an IPO of the combined enterprise in 
2017, which we believe is imminently achievable given the viability of the investment thesis and the 
breadth and scale of the combined enterprise. 
Sources of Funds 
C-Ill would finance its purchase of the Company using a combination of (i) debt proceeds of 
approximately $1.8 billion as described above; (ii) available cash and liquidity of $230 million; and (iii) 
operating cash flow. In addition, Island and C-Ill are highly confident that the institutional investors, 
family offices and other investors, including those identified above, that have invested with and supported 
Island's business endeavors for many years will support this and other opportunities that Island is 
pursuing and supporting. 
Process 
C-III has a team of experienced commercial, legal and financial due diligence advisors from reputable 
institutions standing ready to promptly engage in due diligence and negotiation of documentation for the 
Potential Transaction. 
Members of C-Ill's investment committee, applicable executives of C-Ill's 
EFTA00592225
--- PAGE 5 ---
external manager and a dedicated team of other investment analysts and associates will be involved in the 
due diligence process. 
Due Diligence 
Attached hereto as Exhibit A is C-Ill's initial due diligence request list. 
Contact Information 
Contact details for the primary C-III contact are as follows: 
Jeffrey P. Cohen 
President, Island Capital Group LLC 
Executive Managing Director, C-III Capital Partners LLC 
717 Fifth Avenue 
New 
Tel: 
Ema011i
S 
Management Presentations 
Employees of Island and C-Ill are available to attend management presentations during the afternoon 
session (1:00pm to 5:00pm) on all of the contemplated dates except April 13, 2015 and April 16, 2015. 
C-Ill's Approval Process 
The Potential Transaction would be subject to review and approval only by an internal investment 
committee of C-III and its external manager, all of the members of which would be closely involved in 
the acquisition process, enabling us to make swift investment decisions. I am the Chairman of both of 
these committees. 
We look forward to hearing from you regarding the next steps. 
Respectfully submitted, 
rinAeace 7."4O 
Andrew L. Farkas 
Chief Executive Officer 
EFTA00592226
--- PAGE 6 ---
Exhibit A 
Initial Due Diligence Request List 
(attached) 
EFTA00592227

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592228.pdf
----------------------------------------
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Pent 
Holdings 
Artist 
TURNER. JOSEPH 
WILLIAM MALLORD 
Title 
Seascape: Folkestone 
Basis 
15,000.000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
80,000.000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
65.000,000 
Unrealized Gain 
65,000.000 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Le Château Noir 
11,500.000 
50.000.000 
38.500,000 
38,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral 
MONDRIAN, PIET 
Composition C with Grey and Red 
2,700.000 
40,000.000 
37.300,000 
37,300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MALEVICH, KAZIMIR 
Extended Plane (Plan en extension) 
15,500.000 
50,000.000 
34.5O0,000 
34,500.000 
Joint 
KIRCHNER. ERNST 
LUDWIG 
Beliner Strassenszene [LDB owns 50% of this 
work. The appraised value shown is for the entire 
work.) 
19,000.000 
50,000.000 
31.000,000 
31,000.000 
APO-01 
MALEVICH, KAZIMIR 
Plane in Rotation (Black Circle) 
20,000.000 
50,000.000 
30.0O0,000 
30,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BRANCUSI. 
CONSTANTIN 
La Muse 
10,500.000 
40,000.000 
29.500,000 
29,500.000 
Joint 
BECKMANN. MAX 
Self-portrait with horn [LDB owns 50% of this work. 
The appraised value shown is for the entire work.) 
11.300.000 
40.000.000 
28.700,000 
28,700.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
La carriere de Bibernus 
7.500.000 
35.000.000 
27.500.000 
27,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LEGER. FERNAND 
Femme courant 
16.000.000 
40.000.000 
24.000.000 
24.000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BRANCUSI. 
CONSTANTIN 
Oiseau dans l'espace 
27.500.000 
50.000.000 
22.500,000 
22,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MONET, CLAUDE 
Nympheas 
22,500.000 
45,000.000 
22.500,000 
22,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Grenade et poires dans une assiette 
3,500.000 
25,000.000 
21.500,000 
21,500.000 
AP Narrows LICHTENSTEIN, ROY 
Nude with Abstract Painting 
4,300.000 
25,000.000 
20.700,000 
20,700.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Buste de femme 
9,500.000 
30.000.000 
20.500,000 
20,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MUNCH. EDVARD 
Melancholy 
11.000.000 
30.000.000 
19.000,000 
19,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Femme nue (painting) (3YKD2) 
11.000.000 
30.000.000 
19.000,000 
19.000.000 
EFTA00592228
--- PAGE 2 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
Artist 
TURNER. JOSEPH 
WILLIAM MALLORD 
Title 
Goldau 
Basis 
1,300.000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
20,000.000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
18.700,000 
Unrealized Gain 
18,700.000 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Fernande Olivier (sculpture). 1909 (3XJHP) 
2,750.000 
20.000.000 
17.250,000 
17,250.000 
Narrows 
GOGH, VINCENT VAN Jardin de fleurs 
8,500.000 
25,000.000 
16.5O0,000 
16,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Crane sur une draperie (recto): Arbres et rochers a 
Bibemus (verso) 
1,750.000 
17,500.000 
15.750,000 
15,750.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
An old bearded man, seated 
2,450.000 
18,000.000 
15.550,000 
15,550.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Marocaine en jaune (Zorah en jaune) 
10,000.000 
25,000.000 
15.0O0,000 
15,000.000 
APO-01 
GOGH, VINCENT VAN Carriere pits de Saint-Remy 
46,000.000 
60,000.000 
14.000,000 
14,000.000 
APO-01 
DEGAS. EDGAR 
Les chevaux de courses 
8.300.000 
20.000.000 
11.700.000 
11.700.000 
Narrows 
MICHELANGELO 
The Risen Christ (recto): Figure studies (verso) 
13,300.000 
25,000.000 
11.7O0,000 
11,700.000 
AP Narrows MATISSE. HENRI 
Amphitrite 
6.000.000 
17.500.000 
11.500,000 
11,500.000 
2011 LLC 
MONDRIAN. PIET 
Composition with Color Planes and Grey Lines 1 
8.800.000 
20.000.000 
11.200,000 
11,200.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Le Jardinier Vallier; Le Marin 
49.000.000 
60.000.000 
11,000,000 
11.000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
RODIN, AUGUSTE 
Iris. messagere de Dieux 
1.000.000 
12.000.000 
11.000,000 
11,000.000 
2011 LLC 
SCHIELE. EGON 
Flusslandschaft mit zwei Baumen 
24,000.000 
35.000.000 
11.000.000 
11,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KANDINSKY. 
WASSILY 
Improvisation 8 
25.000.000 
35.000.000 
10.000,000 
10,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DEGAS. EDGAR 
Danseuses 
11.000.000 
20.000.000 
9.000,000 
9,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MANET. EDOUARD 
Huitres 
6,000.000 
15,000.000 
9.000,000 
9,000.000 
Promised 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Torqued Ellipse IV [LDB owns 50% of this work. 
The appraised value shown is for the entire work.] 
1.000.000 
10,000.000 
9.000,000 
9,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MIRO. JOAN 
Corde et personnages II 
6.500.000 
15.000.000 
8.500,000 
8,500.000 
Page 2 
EFTA00592229
--- PAGE 3 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SERRA, RICHARD 
Double Torqued Ellipse II 
1.500.000 
10.000.000 
8.500,000 
8,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DE CHIRICO. 
GIORGIO 
La Surprise 
4.200.000 
12,500.000 
8.300,000 
8,300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BECKMANN, MAX 
Tanzerin mit Tamburin 
1,825.000 
10,000.000 
8.175,000 
8,175.000 
Promised 
BRONZINO, AGNOLO Seated Male Nude [LDB owns 50% of this work. 
The appraised value shown is for the entire work.) 
2,000.000 
10,000.000 
8.000,000 
8,000.000 
Promised 
SMITH, DAVID 
Sentinel [LDB owns 66.67% of this work. The 
appraised value shown is for the entire work.) 
2,275.000 
10,000.000 
7.725,000 
7,725.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MIRO. JOAN 
Oiseau 
1,000.000 
8,500.000 
7.5O0,000 
7,500.000 
Promised 
BRAOUE. GEORGES 
La table [LDB owns 50% of this work. The 
appraised value shown is for the entire work.) 
2,650.000 
10,000.000 
7.350,000 
7,350.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
RAPHAEL 
(RAFFAELLO SANZIO) 
Head of a Muse 
43,000.000 
50,000.000 
7.000,000 
7,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Betwixt the Torus and Sphere 
2,600.000 
9,000.000 
6.400,000 
6,400.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MUNCH, EDVARD 
Kiosterudgarden (Aasgaardstrand) 
2,250.000 
8,500.000 
6.250,000 
6,250.000 
AP Narrows WARHOL. ANDY 
Nine Multicolored Marilyns (Reversal Series) 
2.300.000 
8.500.000 
6.200.000 
6.200.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CHARDIN. JEAN- 
SIMEON 
Panier de p€ches. raisin blanc et noir avec 
rafraichissoir et verre a pied 
2.300.000 
8.000.000 
5.700,000 
5,700.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DEGAS. EDGAR 
Le Repos 
3.800.000 
8,500.000 
4.700,000 
4,700.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GAUGUIN. PAUL 
Cylinder with Two Figures 
8,000.000 
12,500.000 
4.5O0,000 
4,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MOORE. HENRY 
Two-Piece Reclining Figure: Points 
4,000.000 
8,500.000 
4.500,000 
4,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SMITH, DAVID 
Voltri-Bolton I 
2,500.000 
7,000.000 
4.5O0,000 
4,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Tete 
a la pipe 
1,600.000 
6,000.000 
4.400,000 
4,400.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Jeannette III 
1.650.000 
6.000.000 
4.350,000 
4.350.000 
Page 3 
EFTA00592230
--- PAGE 4 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Study for 'Nude with Drapery' 
700.000 
5,000.000 
4.300,000 
4,300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Le grand juge 
1.200.000 
5,000.000 
3.800,000 
3,800.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
RODIN, AUGUSTE 
Le Penseur, petit modele 
250.000 
4,000.000 
3.750,000 
3,750.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DELACROIX, EUGENE Choc de cavaliers arabes 
8,300.000 
12,000.000 
3.700,000 
3,700.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LEONARDO DA VINCI Madonna del Gatto 
3,400.000 
7,000.000 
3.600,000 
3,600.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MIRO. JOAN 
Femme poignardee par le soleil recitant des 
poemes fuses en formes geometrigues du vol 
musical chauve-souris crachat de la mer 
1,400.000 
5,000.000 
3.600,000 
3,600.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Study for 'Head for Nude with Drapery' 
475.000 
4,000.000 
3.525,000 
3,525.000 
2011 LLC 
CALDER. ALEXANDER Portrait de Fernand Leger 
1,000.000 
4,500.000 
3.5O0,000 
3,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KANDINSKY, 
WASSILY 
Entwurf zu "Komposition VII" 
1,500.000 
5,000.000 
3.5O0,000 
3,500.000 
Promised 
LEYDEN. LUCAS VAN The Angel Gabriel for an Annunciation [LDB owns 
44.22% of this work. The appraised value shown is 
for the entire work) 
3,000.000 
6.500.000 
3.500,000 
3,500.000 
APO-01 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Figure decorative (Grand nu assis, accoude sur 
cube) 
14,000.000 
17,500.000 
3.500,000 
3,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SCHIELE, EGON 
Zwei Akte 
600.000 
4,000.000 
3.400,000 
3,400.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Bouteille et verre 
700.000 
4.000.000 
3.300,000 
3,300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
POLLOCK. JACKSON Number 8. 1951 
1.250.000 
4.500.000 
3.250.000 
3,250.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Jeannette IV 
1.800.000 
5.000.000 
3.200.000 
3,200.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MAILLOL. ARISTIDE 
L'Air (premier eta!) 
825.000 
4.000.000 
3.175.000 
3,175.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CANALETTO 
(ANTONIO CANAL) 
The annual visit of the Doge to the Church of Santa 
Maria della Salute. Venice 
900.000 
4,000.000 
3.100,000 
3,100.000 
Page 4 
EFTA00592231
--- PAGE 5 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
Artist 
BRUEGEL THE 
ELDER. PIETER 
Title 
The Drunkard Pushed into the Pigsty 
Basis 
5,000.000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
8,000.000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
3.000,000 
Unrealized Gain 
3,000.000 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DEGAS. EDGAR 
Etude de nu pour 'La petit danseuse de quatorze 
ans' 
1,000.000 
4,000.000 
3.000,000 
3,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral)._ 
GORKY. ARSHILE 
Two Figures in an Interior (Agony) 
3,000.000 
6,000.000 
3.000,000 
3,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LEGER, FERNAND 
Dessin pour 'L'escalier' 
1,100.000 
4,000.000 
2.900,000 
2,900.000 
APO-01 
BRANCUSI. 
CONSTANTIN 
Le Baiser 
9,700.000 
12,500.000 
2.800,000 
2,800.000 
APO-01 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Acrobate 
3.250.000 
6.000.000 
2.750.000 
2.750.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KLEE, PAUL 
Konigsburg 
1,300.000 
4,000.000 
2.700,000 
2,700.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
TURNER. JOSEPH 
WILLIAM MALLORD 
The Grand Canal. with Santa Maria della Salute, 
from near the Hotel Europa 
850.000 
3,500.000 
2.650,000 
2,650.000 
Promised 
GRAF. URS 
A mercenary holding the banner of the Canton 
Glarus [LDB owns 50% of this work. The appraised 
value shown is for the entire work.] 
475.000 
3,000.000 
2.525,000 
2,525.000 
AP Narrows MANZONI, PIERO 
Achrome, 1958-1959 
70.000 
2,500.000 
2.430,000 
2,430.000 
APO-01 
GAUGUIN. PAUL 
Le peintre Roy 
2.600.000 
5.000.000 
2.400,000 
2,400.000 
2011 LLC 
MONDRIAN. PIET 
Church Façade 4 (Domburg) 
1.600.000 
4.000.000 
2.400.000 
2.400.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO 
DE 
Maya y Celestina 
650.000 
3.000.000 
2.350,000 
2,350.000 
APO-01 
LEGER. FERNAND 
Les fumees sur les toits 
1.650.000 
4.000.000 
2.350,000 
2,350.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Blue White 
2.250.000 
4.500.000 
2.250,000 
2,250.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Jeannette V 
2.750.000 
5.000.000 
2.250,000 
2,250.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Groupe 
1,300.000 
3,500.000 
2.200,000 
2,200.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REDON. ODILON 
Bouquet de fleurs 
2,800.000 
5,000.000 
2.200,000 
2,200.000 
Joint 
KIRCHNER. ERNST 
LUDWIG 
Stehendes Madchen. Karyatide [LDB owns 50% of 
this work. The appraised value shown is for the 
entire work.] 
1,350.000 
3.500.000 
2.150,000 
2,150.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SEURAT. GEORGES 
La Nourrice 
850.000 
3,000.000 
2.150,000 
2,150.000 
Page 5 
EFTA00592232
--- PAGE 6 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LEONARDO DA VINCI Old woman with beetling brow, wearing a tall pointy 
hat. in bust-length profile 
360.000 
2.500.000 
2.140,000 
2,140.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LEONARDO DA VINCI Snub-nosed man with a cowled hat. in bust-length 
profile 
360.000 
2,500.000 
2.140,000 
2,140.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Baigneuses 
930.000 
3,000.000 
2.070,000 
2,070.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOYA, FRANCISCO 
DE 
Gimiendo y Ilorando (Weeping and Wailing) 
940.000 
3,000.000 
2.060,000 
2,060.000 
APO-01 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Figure surrealiste 
950.000 
3.000.000 
2.050.000 
2.050.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LEGER, FERNAND 
Contraste de formes 
1,500.000 
3,500.000 
2.000,000 
2,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
RAPHAEL 
(RAFFAELLO SANZIO) 
Head of a Young Apostle 
48,000.000 
50,000.000 
2.000,000 
2,000.000 
APO-01 
SEVERINI. GINO 
II tango Argentino 
530.000 
2,500.000 
1.970,000 
1,970.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DAVID. JACQUES- 
LOUIS 
Portrait de Francois-Antoine Rasse, Prince de 
Gavre 
2.100.000 
4.000.000 
1.900,000 
1,900.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Tete de Fernande (sculpture), 1906 (3XY2L) 
625.000 
2.500.000 
1.875,000 
1,875.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOGH. VINCENT VAN Les toils. Arles 
1.250.000 
3.000.000 
1.750,000 
1.750.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
FRIEDRICH. CASPAR 
DAVID 
Das grosse Gehege, bei Dresden 
1.300.000 
3.000.000 
1.700,000 
1,700.000 
2011 LLC 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Deux femmes 
2,300.000 
4.000.000 
1.700,000 
1,700.000 
AP Narrows PICASSO, PABLO 
La femme qui pleure 
1.300.000 
3.000.000 
1.700,000 
1,700.000 
Promised 
LEONARDO DA VINCI Sketches for the movement of water: Standing 
Hercules. holding a club, seen from the front: and a 
Man sheathing or unsheathing a sword (recto); 
Standing Hercules holding a club (verso) [LDB 
owns 50% of this work. The appraised value shown 
is for the entire work.] 
330.000 
2,000.000 
1.670,000 
1,670.000 
APO-01 
ARP. JEAN 
Fantome flairant un nombril 
1,400.000 
3.000.000 
1.600,000 
1,600.000 
2011 LLC 
SEURAT. GEORGES 
Le chien noir (Etude pour 'Un Dimanche a la 
Grande Jane') 
1,400.000 
3.000.000 
1.600,000 
1,600.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO 
DE 
Three people round a dying man 
475.000 
2,000.000 
1.525,000 
1,525.000 
Page 6 
EFTA00592233
--- PAGE 7 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BLAKE, WILLIAM 
God Blessing the Seventh Day 
2.000.000 
3.500.000 
1.500,000 
1,500.000 
APO-01 
BURRI. ALBERTO 
Bianco cretto 
1.000.000 
2.500.000 
1.500,000 
1,500.000 
APO-01 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Les bons juges 
1.500.000 
3.000.000 
1.500,000 
1,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO 
DE 
La culpa es tuya (It's all your fault) 
2,500.000 
4,000.000 
1.500,000 
1,500.000 
AP Narrows MATISSE. HENRI 
Nu aux souliers roses 
2.500.000 
4.000.000 
1.500.000 
1.500.000 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Christ Healing the Sick: The Hundred Guilder Print' 
2,000.000 
3,500.000 
1.500,000 
1,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BONNARD. PIERRE 
Jeunes femmes au jardin 
2.600.000 
4.000.000 
1.400,000 
1,400.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MANET. EDOUARD 
Portrait de Constantin Guys 
1,600.000 
3,000.000 
1.400,000 
1,400.000 
APO-01 
SEURAT. GEORGES 
Le manteau blanc (Promeneuse au parapluie) 
1,600.000 
3,000.000 
1.400,000 
1,400.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
RODIN, AUGUSTE 
Les Bourgeois de Calais 
630.000 
2.000.000 
1.370,000 
1,370.000 
AP Narrows BURNE-JONES. 
EDWARD 
L'Amor the muove it Sole e l'altre Stelle (The love 
that moves the sun and the other stars), Dante: 
Paradiso. XXXIII 
135.000 
1,500.000 
1.365,000 
1,365.000 
AP Narrows AVERY. MILTON 
Conversation 
650.000 
2.000.000 
1.350.000 
1.350.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO 
DE 
A Boy with a Blind Woman 
650.000 
2.000.000 
1.350.000 
1.350.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO 
DE 
A Prisoner 
650.000 
2.000.000 
1.350,000 
1.350.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MIRO. JOAN 
Spanish Dancer 
8.650.000 
10.000.000 
1.350,000 
1,350.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
COROT. JEAN- 
BAPTISTE-CAMILLE 
Le Rageur, For& de Fontainebleau 
700.000 
2,000.000 
1.300,000 
1,300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SEURAT. GEORGES 
Rayons 
700.000 
2,000.000 
1.300,000 
1,300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SEURAT. GEORGES 
Arbres et bateaux 
1,750.000 
3,000.000 
1.250,000 
1,250.000 
AP Narrows DEGAS. EDGAR 
Le pas battu 
2.300.000 
3.500.000 
1.200.000 
1.200.000 
APO-01 
FONTANA, LUCIO 
Concetto spaziale 
1.300.000 
2.500.000 
1.200,000 
1,200.000 
Page 7 
EFTA00592234
--- PAGE 8 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Narrows 
Artist 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO 
Title 
Grande table hexagonate aux arbres (SRZJC) avec 
modele de chaise (8) (6367238) 
Basis 
1.000.000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
2,200.000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
1.200,000 
Unrealized Gain 
1,200.000 
Unrealized 
Loss 
AP Narrows PICASSO. PABLO 
La Minotauromachie 
1.300.000 
2.500.000 
1.200,000 
1.200.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
TANSEY. MARK 
Homage to Susan Sontag 
50.000 
1.250.000 
1.200.000 
1.200.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO 
DE 
La Bouillie: beggars eating mash 
375.000 
1.500.000 
1.125.000 
1.125.000 
APO-01 
DELAUNAY. ROBERT Tour Eiffel 
230.000 
1.250.000 
1.020,000 
1,020.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Sous-bois (recto); Chapeau et fleurs dans une 
bouteille (verso) 
3,000.000 
4,000.000 
1.000,000 
1,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DEGAS. EDGAR 
Aux courses 
1,000.000 
2,000.000 
1.000,000 
1,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO 
DE 
Young woman fainting, surrounded by witches 
400.000 
1,400.000 
1.000,000 
1,000.000 
Promised 
INGRES. JEAN- 
AUGUSTE- 
DOMINIQUE 
Virgil reading the Aeneid to Augustus, Livia, and 
Octavia drawing [LDB owns 40% of this work. The 
appraised value shown is for the entire work.] 
600.000 
1,600.000 
1.000,000 
1,000.000 
AP Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Paysage^ 
2.500.000 
3.500,000 
1.000.000 
1,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PONTORMO (JACOPO 
CARUCCI) 
Study of a seated youth (redo); Study of a lower 
torso and legs (verso) 
9,000.000 
10,000.000 
1.000,000 
1,000.000 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Christ Crucified Between Two Thieves (The Three 
Crosses), third state (4GXJF) 
1.500.000 
2.500.000 
1.000,000 
1,000.000 
AP Narrows MUNCH. EDVARD 
Vampyre II 
265.000 
1.200.000 
935.000 
935.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SIGNORELLI. LUCA 
Study for a Seated Prophet 
900.000 
1.800.000 
900,000 
900.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
FRAGONARD. JEAN- 
HONORE 
La lecture 
650.000 
1.500.000 
850,000 
850.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. 
ALBERTO 
Earthenware fireplace surround 
400.000 
1,250.000 
850,000 
850.000 
AP Narrows MOORE. HENRY 
Seated Woman on Bench 
160.000 
1.000.000 
840,000 
840.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
ARP. JEAN 
Constellation de quatre formes blanches et 
no 
450.000 
1.250.000 
800.000 
800.000 
Page 8 
EFTA00592235
--- PAGE 9 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BALDUNG, HANS 
Head of a man, in three-quarter-profile to the left 
(recto): Heraldic sketches (verso) 
3.700.000 
4,500.000 
800,000 
800.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DAUMIER, HONORE 
La Parade 
1.200.000 
2.000.000 
800,000 
800.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Venus a la coquille II 
700.000 
1,500.000 
800,000 
800.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
THIEBAUD. WAYNE 
Pink Swirl 
120.000 
900.000 
780,000 
780.000 
Promised 
GAUGUIN. PAUL 
Paysage et etudes de Pont-Aven [LDB owns 50% 
of this work. The appraised value shown is for the 
entire work.) 
725.000 
1,500.000 
775,000 
775.000 
APO-01 
FRAGONARD. JEAN- 
HONORE 
Le petit parc (Les jardins de la villa =) 
1,250.000 
2,000.000 
750,000 
750.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PRUD'HON. PIERRE- 
PAUL 
Study for an Allegory of the Rhine River 
450.000 
1,200.000 
750,000 
750.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
TOULOUSE- 
LAUTREC, HENRI DE 
La Coiffure 
1,000.000 
1,750.000 
750,000 
750.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
VAN DYCK. SIR 
ANTHONY 
Two Studies of a Bearded Man 
7,250.000 
8,000.000 
750,000 
750.000 
Promised 
CALLOT. JACQUES 
Louis de Lorraine-Guise. Prince de Phalsbourg 
[LOB owns 50% of this work. The appraised value 
shown is for the entire work.) 
285.000 
1,000.000 
715,000 
715.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Portrait du fits de ['artiste (recto): Scene illustrant 
un 'tit romantique (verso) 
800.000 
1.500.000 
700,000 
700.000 
AP Narrows LIOTARD. JEAN- 
ETIENNE 
Femme Turque au tambourin 
1,300.000 
2,000.000 
7O0,000 
700.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Femme assise en blouse roumaine motifs de 
broderie 
3,300.000 
4,000.000 
700,000 
700.000 
2011 LLC 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Jeune homme et cheval 
1.800.000 
2.500.000 
700.000 
700.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PRUD'HON. PIERRE- 
PAUL 
A woman seated holding a distaff (Clotho The 
Spinner). with two dogs at her feet 
500.000 
1.200.000 
700,000 
700.000 
AP Narrows BECKMANN. MAX 
Kleines Rosenstilleben mit blauem Spiegel 
325.000 
1.000.000 
675,000 
675.000 
AP Narrows GERICAULT. 
THEODORE 
Black Stallion in a Stable 
325.000 
1.000.000 
675,000 
675.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SCHWITTERS. KURT 
Ohne Titel: Kurt Schwitters. Schriftsteller 
200.000 
850.000 
650.000 
650.000 
Page 9 
EFTA00592236
--- PAGE 10 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Promised 
FRIEDRICH. CASPAR 
DAVID 
View of the Island of Rugen with a Shepherd and 
his dog (LDB owns 50% of this work. The 
appraised value shown is for the entire work] 
375.000 
1.000.000 
625,000 
625.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CASTELLANI. ENRICO Superficie bianca 
400.000 
1.000.000 
600,000 
600.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LORRAIN. CLAUDE 
(CLAUDE GELLEE) 
Landscape 
900.000 
1.500.000 
600.000 
600.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Arlequin moustachu a la guitare 
650.000 
1.250.000 
600,000 
600.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Femme nue (drawing). 3XJH6 
650.000 
1,250.000 
600,000 
600.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Christ Crucified Between Two Thieves (The Three 
Crosses), fourth state (4GXJG) 
1,400.000 
2,000.000 
600,000 
600.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
TIEPOLO, GIOVANNI 
BATTISTA 
The Firing Squad 
225.000 
800.000 
575,000 
575.000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO Lustre prevu pour l'entree du Musee Picasso a 
l'Hotel Sale (chandelier) 
1.450.000 
2.000.000 
550,000 
550.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SCHIELE. EGON 
Selbstbildnis 
150.000 
700.000 
550.000 
550.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KLEE. PAUL 
Hexen-scene 
335.000 
850.000 
515.000 
515.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Le Jardin des Lauves: Vue sur Aix et le Cathedrale 
de Saint Sauveur 
5.500.000 
6,000.000 
500,000 
500.000 
Noel Calb 
COROT. JEAN- 
BAPTISTE-CAMILLE 
Portrait of Mlle. Jeanne Farochon 
1,000.000 
1,500.000 
500,000 
500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DEGAS. EDGAR 
Autoportrait 
300.000 
800.000 
500,000 
500.000 
APO-01 
GOYA. FRANCISCO 
DE 
Bajan Rinendo (They go down Quarreling) 
4,000.000 
4,500.000 
500,000 
500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
INGRES. JEAN- 
AUGUSTE-
DOMINIQUE 
Raphael and the Fornarina 
1,500.000 
2,000.000 
500,000 
500.000 
2011 LLC 
KOONING. WILLEM 
DE 
Woman 
3,000.000 
3,500.000 
5O0,000 
500.000 
Noel Calb 
MARDEN, BRICE 
Long Letter 1 
1.000.000 
1.500.000 
500.000 
500.000 
Page 10 
EFTA00592237
--- PAGE 11 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
APO-01 
PARMIGIANINO. IL 
(MARIA FRANCESCO 
GIROLAMO MAZZOLA) 
Composition studies for La Madonna dal Collo 
Lungo (recto and verso) 
1,000.000 
1,500.000 
500,000 
500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Etude pour l'acteur and deux profits de Fernande 
1,000.000 
1.500.000 
500,000 
500.000 
Friends 
SCHWITTERS, KURT Ja-Was?-Bild [LDB owns 50% of Friends Ventures 
LLC. the entity that owns this work. The appraised 
value shown is for the entire work.] 
24.500.000 
25.000.000 
500,000 
500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
TURNER. JOSEPH 
WILLIAM MALLORD 
Kilgarren Castle. Pembrokeshire 
700.000 
1.200.000 
500.000 
500.000 
AP Narrows GOYA. FRANCISCO 
DE 
The Bulls of Bordeaux: the set of four 
715.000 
1.200.000 
485.000 
485.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DELACROIX. EUGENE Tigre se lechant la patte 
225.000 
700.000 
475,000 
475.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GUARDI. 
FRANCESCO 
A regatta on the Grand Canal (recto); The Grand 
Canal with the Rialto Bridge (verso) 
1,025.000 
1,500.000 
475,000 
475.000 
Noel Calb 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Conrad 
540.000 
1.000.000 
460.000 
460.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GRIS. JUAN 
Nature mode 
400.000 
850.000 
450,000 
450.000 
Promised 
VAN DYCK. SIR 
ANTHONY 
Landscape with a tree and a farm building [LDB 
owns 50% of this work. The appraised value shown 
is for the entire work.] 
250.000 
700.000 
450,000 
450.000 
AP Narrows GORMLEY. ANTONY 
Seeing and Showing 
10.000 
450.000 
440.000 
440.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MILLET. JEAN- 
FRANCOIS 
La ravaudeuse (Madame Millet) 
570.000 
1.000.000 
430,000 
430.000 
Noel Calb 
DELACROIX. EUGENE Mariee juive a Tanger 
1,100.000 
1,500.000 
400,000 
400.000 
AP Narrows GAINSBOROUGH. 
THOMAS 
Portrait of Caroline. 4th Duchess of Malborough 
2,600.000 
3,000.000 
400,000 
400.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MILLET. JEAN- 
FRANCOIS 
Cooper tightening staves on a barrel 
300.000 
700.000 
400,000 
400.000 
APO-01 
MUNCH. EDVARD 
Madonna (Liebendes Weib) 
2.100.000 
2.500.000 
400.000 
400.000 
AP Narrows PENONE. GUISEPPE 
Tra scorza e scorza (Between Bark and Bark) 
1.600.000 
2.000.000 
400,000 
400.000 
Page I I 
EFTA00592238
--- PAGE 12 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
APO-01 
REDON. ODILON 
Visage derriere les barreaux 
850.000 
1.250.000 
400,000 
400.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MOREAU. GUSTAVE 
Galatee 
215.000 
600.000 
385,000 
385.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
WATTEAU. JEAN- 
ANTOINE 
Tete 
coifee 
chapeau, vue de profit et 
tournee vers la droite: une main droite levee; une 
main auche tenant une canne 
415.000 
800.000 
385.000 
385.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
RODIN, AUGUSTE 
L'Age 
, petit modele 
25.000 
400.000 
375,000 
375.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DAUMIER. HONORE 
La chanson a boire 
640.000 
1.000.000 
360.000 
360.000 
AP Narrows BURGKMAIR. HANS 
Lovers Surprised by Death (7HWG8)* 
650.000 
1.000.000 
350,000 
350.000 
APO-01 
FRA BARTOLOMMEO Study of the kneeling Magdalen 
1,150.000 
1,500.000 
350,000 
350.000 
Noel Calb 
FRAGONARD, JEAN- 
HONORE 
Paysage au double escalier 
650.000 
1,000.000 
350,000 
350.000 
AP Narrows GORMLEY. ANTONY 
Landing 
100.000 
450.000 
350,000 
350.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Femme se reposant 
350.000 
700.000 
350,000 
350.000 
APO-01 
GRIS. JUAN 
Homme au chapeau haut-de-forme (Esquisse pour 
'I'homme au café') 
870.000 
1.200.000 
330.000 
330.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
A vagrant couple with a dog (recto): Unidentified 
studies in black chalk (verso) 
670.000 
1.000.000 
330.000 
330.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MOREAU. GUSTAVE 
Le jeune homme et la mod (Hommage a 
Chasseriau) 
275.000 
600.000 
325.000 
325.000 
Noel Calb 
INGRES. JEAN- 
AUGUSTE- 
DOMINIQUE 
Portrait de Monseigneur Gabriel Cortois de 
Pressigny 
180.000 
500.000 
320.000 
320.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
FUSELI. HENRY 
The Confederates Arriving at the Rutli 
90.000 
400.000 
310,000 
310.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
FRA BARTOLOMMEO A double-sided sheet of studies of heads 
1,900.000 
2.200.000 
300,000 
300.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO Console a double plateaux. modele a grenouilles, 
3XJFS 
100.000 
400.000 
300,000 
300.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO Console a double plateaux. modele a grenouilles, 
3XJFP 
100.000 
400.000 
300.000 
300.000 
Page 12 
EFTA00592239
--- PAGE 13 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
APO-01 
Artist 
GOLTZIUS. 
HENDRICK 
Title 
The artist's right hand 
Basis 
4,700 000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
5,000.000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
300,000 
Unrealized Gain 
300.000 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KANDINSKY, 
WASSILY 
Oben and links (Above and left) 
5,700.000 
6,000.000 
300,000 
300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REDON, ODILON 
Poinsettia (La fleur rouge) 
200.000 
500.000 
300,000 
300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SCHIELE, EGON 
Liegender Weiblicher Akt 
100.000 
400.000 
300,000 
300.000 
APO-01 
SCHLEMMER. OSKAR Rote Leiber 
2,700.000 
3,000.000 
300,000 
300.000 
2011 LLC 
SEURAT. GEORGES 
Au divan Japonais (Café-Concert) 
7,700.000 
8,000.000 
300,000 
300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
STRADANUS. IL (JAN 
VAN DER STRAET) 
Book of drawings: An album of 16 illustrations to 
Dante, with accompanying texts; original binding 
1,700.000 
2,000.000 
300,000 
300.000 
AP Narrows VUILLARD. EDOUARD A fond de train' 
100.000 
400.000 
300,000 
300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REDON, ODILON 
L'Araignee qui pleure 
560.000 
850.000 
290,000 
290.000 
Noel Calb 
DENIS. MAURICE 
Jeunes filles cueillant des fteurs devant la mer 
570.000 
850.000 
280,000 
280.000 
AP Narrows BECKMANN. MAX 
Kasbek (3XJJ4) 
75.000 
350.000 
275.000 
275.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GORMLEY. ANTONY 
Together and Apart 
80.000 
350.000 
270,000 
270.000 
APO-01 
NOGUCHI. ISAMU 
Bindu 
730.000 
1.000.000 
270,000 
270.000 
APO-01 
CORNELL. JOSEPH 
Magic Soap Bubble Set 
5,250.000 
5.500.000 
250,000 
250.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DAUMIER, HONORE 
Parade de saltimbanques 
1,500.000 
1,750.000 
250,000 
250.000 
AP Narrows DAVIS. STUART 
Study for Proposed Mural, United Nations 
Conference Room 3 
50.000 
300.000 
250,000 
250.000 
Noel Calb 
KLEE. PAUL 
Die Schlange 
1.000.000 
1.250.000 
250.000 
250.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MIRO. JOAN 
Pastorale 
1,000.000 
1,250.000 
250,000 
250.000 
2011 LLC 
NEWMAN, BARNETT 
Untitled 
3,250.000 
3,500.000 
250,000 
250.000 
AP Narrows ROSSETTI, DANTE 
GABRIEL 
Sir Lancelot in Queen Guinevere's Chamber 
150.000 
400.000 
250,000 
250.000 
Page 13 
EFTA00592240
--- PAGE 14 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Promised 
Artist 
SAINT-AUBIN, 
GABRIEL DE 
Title 
The Triumph of Pompey (LDB owns 50% of this 
work. The appraised value shown is for the entire 
work.) 
Basis 
200.000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
450.000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
250,000 
Unrealized Gain 
250.000 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SPRANGER. 
BARTHOLOMAEUS 
Adam and Eve 
250.000 
500.000 
250.000 
250.000 
AP Narrows GORKY. ARSHILE 
Nighttime. Enigma and Nostalgia 
160.000 
400.000 
240,000 
240.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REDON, ODILON 
La chute de Phaeton 
360.000 
600.000 
240,000 
240.000 
Noel Calb 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Jeune fille a la mantille (Etude pour l'espagnole aux 
flaws) 
415.000 
650.000 
235.000 
235.000 
Noel Calb 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Autoportrait, 1944 (3XJH3) 
270.000 
500.000 
230,000 
230.000 
AP Narrows BRUEGEL THE 
ELDER. PIETER 
The Rabbit Hunt 
675.000 
900.000 
225,000 
225.000 
Noel Calb 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Four Horsemen from: The Apocalypse 
375.000 
600.000 
225.000 
225.000 
AP Narrows MAILLOL. ARISTIDE 
Eve a la pomme 
75.000 
300.000 
225,000 
225.000 
Noel Calb 
Los Caprichos 
580.000 
800.000 
220,000 
220.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
TIEPOLO. GIOVANNI 
BATTISTA 
The Calling of St. Peter 
185.000 
400.000 
215,000 
215.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MONDRIAN, PIET 
Chrysanthemum 
140.000 
350.000 
210,000 
210.000 
AP Narrows BEARDSLEY, AUBREY The Achieving of the Sangreal 
175.000 
375.000 
200,000 
200.000 
AP Narrows BLAKE, WILLIAM 
Christ the Mediator': Christ Pleading Before the 
Father for Saint Mary Magdalene 
1,000.000 
1,200.000 
200,000 
200.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BURNE-JONES, 
EDWARD 
The Wise and Foolish Virgins 
800.000 
1,000.000 
200,000 
200.000 
APO-01 
DOESBURG. THEO 
VAN 
Compositie 
1.800.000 
2,000.000 
200,000 
200.000 
Noel Calb 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Knight. Death and the Devil 
600.000 
800.000 
200,000 
200.000 
AP Narrows GAINSBOROUGH. 
THOMAS 
Study of a Lady. Possibly for the Richmond Water- 
Walk 
3,000.000 
3,200.000 
200,000 
200.000 
AP Narrows GHEYN II, JACQUES 
DE 
A birds eye view of a canal with an arched bridge 
1,400.000 
1,600.000 
200,000 
200.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LELY. PETER 
A standing figure of a gentleman from the 
Procession of the Order of the Garter 
1,800.000 
2,000.000 
2O0,000 
200.000 
Page 14 
EFTA00592241
--- PAGE 15 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Noel Calb 
LIOTARD. JEAN- 
ETIENNE 
Portrait de Jacques de Chapeaurouge 
800.000 
1,000.000 
200,000 
200.000 
APO-01 
WATTEAU, JEAN- 
ANTOINE 
Feuille 
: personnages assis au sol de dos, 
flutiste assis de profil a droite, main tenant un 
eventail term& reprise de cette main 
400.000 
600.000 
200,000 
200.000 
Narrows 
BEARDSLEY, AUBREY Lady Gold's Escort (from The Yellow Book Vol. III) 
45.000 
240.000 
195,000 
195.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. 
ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele 'grande feuille', version fine 
15.000 
200.000 
185,000 
185.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. 
ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele 'grande feuille'. version fine 
15.000 
200.000 
185.000 
185.000 
Promised 
GERICAULT. 
THEODORE 
Deux tetes 
. un mameluck debout 
175.000 
350.000 
175.000 
175.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REDON. ODILON 
Caliban 
325.000 
500.000 
175.000 
175.000 
Narrows 
BOILLY. LOUIS- 
LEOPOLD 
Preparatory study for 'Le Jeu 
140.000 
300.000 
160,000 
160.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MIRO. JOAN 
Untitled. 1933 (3XJH9) 
540.000 
700.000 
160,000 
160.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Bacchus et jeune femme nue 
90.000 
250.000 
160,000 
160.000 
Noel Calb 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Olson 
540.000 
700.000 
160.000 
160.000 
AP Narrows BURGKMAIR. HANS 
Lovers Surprised by Death (7HWG9)• 
650.000 
800.000 
150,000 
150.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DAVID. JACQUES- 
LOUIS 
Paris et Helene 
450.000 
600.000 
150,000 
150.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. 
ALBERTO 
Autoportrait 
100.000 
250.000 
150,000 
150.000 
AP Narrows HARTLEY. MARSDEN Calla Lilies 
150.000 
300.000 
150.000 
150.000 
AP Narrows HUGO. VICTOR 
A figure passing in the horizon. a Gothic chapel in 
the foreground 
150.000 
300.000 
150.000 
150.000 
AP Narrows KLIMT. GUSTAV 
Sitzender Akt mit hoher Frisur 
25.000 
175.000 
150,000 
150.000 
AP Narrows MASTER LZS 
The Temptation of Christ 
350.000 
500.000 
150.000 
150.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MIRO. JOAN 
Oiseau lunaire 
3,850.000 
4,000.000 
150,000 
150.000 
Page 15 
EFTA00592242
--- PAGE 16 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Le singe et le masque 
350.000 
500.000 
150,000 
150.000 
APO-01 
ROMANO. GIULIO 
GIULIO PIPPI) 
Bacchus as Autumn 
100.000 
250.000 
150,000 
150.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SCHAUFELEIN THE 
ELDER. HANS 
A landsknetcht turned to the left carrying a halberd 
(recto): Two studies of coats of arms (verso) 
350.000 
500.000 
150,000 
150.000 
AP Narrows SERRA. RICHARD 
Solid No. 11 
200.000 
350.000 
150,000 
150.000 
AP Narrows SERRA. RICHARD 
Solid No. 3 
200.000 
350.000 
150.000 
150.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. 
ALBERTO 
Lampe modele letoiles (a pair) 
60.000 
200.000 
140,000 
140.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO Lampe hibou (a pair) 
165.000 
300.000 
135,000 
135.000 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Jan Lutma, Goldsmith 
870.000 
1,000.000 
130,000 
130.000 
AP Narrows SERRA. RICHARD 
Solid No. 13 
220.000 
350.000 
130,000 
130.000 
Narrows 
SIGNAC. PAUL 
La Salis. Antibes 
45.000 
175.000 
130,000 
130.000 
Promised 
TIEPOLO. GIOVANNI 
BATTISTA 
The head of a Moor 
170.000 
300.000 
130,000 
130.000 
AP Narrows DAVIS. STUART 
Artist in Search of a Model 
75.000 
200.000 
125.000 
125.000 
AP Narrows DEGAS. EDGAR 
Danseuse mettant son bas 
275.000 
400.000 
125,000 
125.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO Table basse aux caryatides 
175.000 
300.000 
125,000 
125.000 
AP Narrows LONG. RICHARD 
Sun Line 
325.000 
450.000 
125.000 
125.000 
AP Narrows TISSOT. JAMES 
La Soeur Ainee 
125.000 
250.000 
125.000 
125.000 
APO-01 
BECKMANN. MAX 
The Last Duty of Perseus 
130.000 
250.000 
120,000 
120.000 
Narrows 
REDON. ODILON 
Satyre 
180.000 
300.000 
120.000 
120.000 
APO-01 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Etude pour 'La Coiffure' 
590.000 
700.000 
110,000 
110.000 
AP Narrows AVERY, MILTON 
Beach Umbrellas 
17.000 
125.000 
108,000 
108.000 
Narrows 
DROUAIS. JEAN- 
GERMAIN 
Marius a Minturnes 
45.000 
150.000 
105,000 
105.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BAROCCI. FEDERICO Studies of angels and children's heads (recto); 
Studies of legs and angels (verso) 
500.000 
600.000 
100,000 
100.000 
AP Narrows BECKMANN. MAX 
Acrobat 
50.000 
150.000 
100,000 
100.000 
Page 16 
EFTA00592243
--- PAGE 17 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
APO-01 
DELACROIX. EUGENE Etude de fleurs: marguerites blanches et zinnias 
700.000 
800.000 
100,000 
100.000 
Noel Calb 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Saint Eustace 
1.100.000 
1.200.000 
100,000 
100.000 
Noel Calb 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Melancolia I 
800.000 
900.000 
100,000 
100.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral 
GERICAULT. 
THEODORE 
Episode de la guerre coloniale: noir sur un cheval 
cabre 
1,400.000 
1,500.000 
100,000 
100.000 
Noel Calb 
GROSZ. GEORGE 
L'uomo nuovo 
1.400.000 
1.500.000 
100.000 
100.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Untitled 
3,400.000 
3,500.000 
100,000 
100.000 
Noel Calb 
KIRCHNER. ERNST 
LUDWIG 
Wettertannen 
1,400.000 
1,500.000 
100,000 
100.000 
Noel Calb 
KLEE. PAUL 
Tief-Ebene 
1.900.000 
2.000.000 
100.000 
100.000 
LDB 
MIERIS. FRANS VAN 
The unwelcome news 
200.000 
300.000 
100,000 
100.000 
APO-01 
PIRANESI. GIOVANNI 
BATTISTA 
The 'Veduta Interna della porta della Citta the 
dimonstra tutte le Bottege' in Pompei 
900.000 
1,000.000 
100,000 
100.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
VASARI. GIORGIO 
Christ giving the keys to St. Peter 
600.000 
700.000 
100.000 
100.000 
Narrows 
REDON. ODILON 
Satan dominant le monde 
160.000 
250.000 
90,000 
90.000 
APO-01 
VASARI. GIORGIO 
Saint Eustace 
315.000 
400.000 
85.000 
85.000 
AP Narrows BECKMANN. MAX 
Selbstbildnis mit steifem Hut 
120.000 
200.000 
80.000 
80.000 
LDB 
BLAKE. WILLIAM 
Illustrations of the Book of Job (6384687) 
50.000 
130.000 
80,000 
80.000 
Narrows 
CONSTABLE. JOHN 
A View in Borrowdale 
70.000 
150.000 
80.000 
80.000 
Narrows 
Collateral 
DAVID, JACQUES- 
LOUIS 
The ghost of Septimius Severus appearing to 
Caracalla. after the murder of his brother Geta
520.000 
600.000 
80,000 
80.000 
Noel Calb 
KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Diagonal with Curve XVI 
1,670.000 
1,750.000 
80,000 
80.000 
Narrows 
KHNOPFF, FERNAND De animalite 
120.000 
200.000 
80,000 
80.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO Pedestal a I'oiseau 
325.000 
400.000 
75,000 
75.000 
APO-01 
GROSZ. GEORGE 
Der Fund in der Vorstadt. 'Verwesung' 
325.000 
400.000 
75.000 
75.000 
Narrows 
KHNOPFF, FERNAND Dessin 
75.000 
150.000 
75,000 
75.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REDON, ODILON 
Le Cube (L'Oeil) 
325.000 
400.000 
75,000 
75.000 
Page 17 
EFTA00592244
--- PAGE 18 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
'figure' 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. 
ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele 
130.000 
200.000 
70,000 
70.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. 
ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele 'figure' 
130.000 
200.000 
70,000 
70.000 
Narrows 
ROSSETTI, DANTE 
GABRIEL 
Studies for the Head of the Farmer in Found 
30.000 
100.000 
70,000 
70.000 
AP Narrows BECKMANN. MAX 
Sacre-Coeur 
20.000 
85.000 
65.000 
65.000 
Noel Calb 
KLEE. PAUL 
Gegensatze Abends (Blau and Orange) 
1.440.000 
1.500.000 
60.000 
60.000 
Narrows 
ROSSETTI. DANTE 
GABRIEL 
The Sun May Shine and We Be Cold 
35.000 
90.000 
55.000 
55.000 
AP Narrows AVERY. MILTON 
Man, Rocks and Sea 
50.000 
100.000 
50,000 
50.000 
AP Narrows BLAKE. WILLIAM 
Illustrations of the Book of Job (7N6Q6) 
50.000 
100.000 
50.000 
50.000 
AP Narrows BONNARD. PIERRE 
Marthe sur un divan 
300.000 
350.000 
50,000 
50.000 
AP Narrows BRESDIN. RODOLPHE A battle scene 
100.000 
150.000 
50,000 
50.000 
AP Narrows BRESDIN. RODOLPHE A lion hunt 
100.000 
150.000 
50.000 
50.000 
Noel Calb 
COROT. JEAN- 
BAPTISTE-CAMILLE 
Rome. La Vasque de la Villa Medici (La Vasque de 
l'Acadernie de France) 
550.000 
600.000 
50.000 
50.000 
Narrows 
DELACROIX. EUGENE Cavalier mamelouk au galop 
150.000 
200.000 
50.000 
50.000 
AP Narrows ENSOR. JAMES 
Mon atelier 
35.000 
85.000 
50,000 
50.000 
Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
La puce 
50.000 
100.000 
50,000 
50.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO Lampe en forme bougeoir (a pair) 
30.000 
80.000 
50,000 
50.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Portrait of Elie Faure 
800.000 
850.000 
50,000 
50.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REDON. ODILON 
La gloire noyee 
450.000 
500.000 
50,000 
50.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
RUBENS. SIR PETER 
PAUL 
Nicodemus 
950.000 
1.000.000 
50,000 
50.000 
APO-01 
RUISDAEL. JACOB 
ISAACKSZ. VAN 
A shepherd and his flock approaching farm 
buildings among trees 
250.000 
300.000 
50.000 
50.000 
Narrows 
DIX. OTTO 
Bautzen VI 
15.000 
60.000 
45,000 
45.000 
Narrows 
ZIMMERMAN. ELYN 
Stalled Cairn 
80.000 
125.000 
45.000 
45.000 
AP Narrows CLEMENTE. 
FRANCESCO 
Untitled (Jamaican Watercolor) 
45.000 
85.000 
40,000 
40.000 
Page 18 
EFTA00592245
--- PAGE 19 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
AP Narrows DAVIS. STUART 
The Sidelong Glance 
20.000 
60.000 
40,000 
40.000 
Narrows 
LIN. MAYA 
Wire landscape 
30.000 
70.000 
40.000 
40.000 
Narrows 
MENZEL, ADOLPH 
VON 
Studies of a man eating from a bowl 
30.000 
70.000 
40,000 
40.000 
Narrows 
MILLER. HARLAND 
Love and Other Crimes 
20.000 
60.000 
40.000 
40.000 
Narrows 
DELACROIX. EUGENE Three male nudes 
25.000 
60.000 
35,000 
35.000 
AP Narrows DOVE. ARTHUR 
Untitled Centerport V 
25.000 
60.000 
35,000 
35.000 
AP Narrows DUBUFFET. JEAN 
Table au couvert dresse 
90.000 
125.000 
35.000 
35.000 
AP Narrows GROTJAHN. MARK 
Untitled (Solid Cream Butterfly Drawing in Two 
Parts) 
315.000 
350.000 
35,000 
35.000 
Narrows 
JORDAENS. JACOB 
Study of a man seen from behind 
315.000 
350.000 
35.000 
35.000 
AP Narrows KLEE, PAUL 
Invention 2 - Der Held mit dem Fitigel 
115.000 
150.000 
35,000 
35.000 
APO-01 
BRESDIN. RODOLPHE The exterior of an inn (L'Auberge Normande) 
170.000 
200.000 
30.000 
30.000 
AP Narrows DONGEN. KEES VAN Femme a sa toilette 
55.000 
85.000 
30.000 
30.000 
Noel Calb 
INGRES. JEAN- 
AUGUSTE-
DOMINIQUE 
Portrait presume de Gioachino Rossini 
770.000 
800.000 
30,000 
30.000 
Narrows 
MENZEL. ADOLPH 
VON 
Hand of a woman holding a cane 
20.000 
50.000 
30.000 
30.000 
AP Narrows NOLDE. EMIL 
Junges Paar (3XJHK) 
150.000 
180.000 
30,000 
30.000 
APO-01 
NOLDE. EMIL 
Der Prophet 
50.000 
80.000 
30.000 
30.000 
Narrows 
RANSON, PAUL 
Jeune femme a sa toilette 
20.000 
50.000 
30,000 
30.000 
AP Narrows VERWER. JOHANN 
Study of climbing plants on a tree-trunk 
470.000 
500.000 
30,000 
30.000 
AP Narrows BELLOWS, GEORGE 
WESLEY 
The Pool-Player 
3.500 
30.000 
26,500 
26.500 
Narrows 
BOTERO. FERNANDO El guitarrista 
10.000 
35.000 
25.000 
25.000 
Noel Calb 
DAUMIER, HONORE 
La Defense 
325.000 
350.000 
25,000 
25.000 
AP Narrows LONG. RICHARD 
Cornish Slate Cross 
325.000 
350.000 
25,000 
25.000 
AP Narrows MALEVICH, KAZIMIR 
Composition in Dissolution: Composition 10a 
25.000 
50.000 
25,000 
25.000 
AP Narrows CHIRINO. MARTIN 
°elm 
7.000 
30.000 
23.000 
23.000 
Narrows 
ISABEY. JEAN- 
BAPTISTE 
Portrait de Talleyrand 
7.000 
30.000 
23,000 
23.000 
AP Narrows MUNCH. EDVARD 
Eifursucht II (grosse Fassung) 
48.000 
70.000 
22.000 
22.000 
Page 19 
EFTA00592246
--- PAGE 20 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Narrows 
BONHEUR. ROSA 
RAYMOND 
Study for The Horse Fair' 
8.500 
30.000 
21,500 
21.500 
AP Narrows BECKMANN. MAX 
Kasbek (drypoint) (3XJJ3) 
30.000 
50.000 
20,000 
20.000 
AP Narrows BRUEGEL THE 
ELDER. JAN 
Fishing vessels on a calm sea off a distant 
promontory 
280.000 
300.000 
20.000 
20.000 
AP Narrows HARTLEY. MARSDEN The Fish 
80.000 
100.000 
20.000 
20.000 
AP Narrows KIRCHNER. ERNST 
LUDWIG 
Madchen im Raum (Ema) 
230.000 
250.000 
20,000 
20.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MODIGLIANI. 
AMEDEO 
Caryatide de face. mains derriere la tete 
380.000 
400.000 
20,000 
20.000 
AP Narrows NOLDE. EMIL 
Junges Paar (3XJHH) 
230.000 
250.000 
20,000 
20.000 
AP Narrows NOLDE. EMIL 
Junges Paar (4D9JL) 
230.000 
250.000 
20,000 
20.000 
AP Narrows VUILLARD. EDOUARD Dr. Ouiserne 
30.000 
50.000 
20,000 
20.000 
Narrows 
KAHN. WOLF 
Toward Blue Woods 
4.000 
20.000 
16.000 
16.000 
AP Narrows BOURDELLE. EMILE- 
ANTOINE 
Heracles archer 
110.000 
125.000 
15,000 
15.000 
AP Narrows COROT. JEAN- 
BAPTISTE-CAMILLE 
Vue de Volterra 
85.000 
100.000 
15,000 
15.000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI, REZA 
Dark Soil I (from Sand Painting Series) 
10.000 
25.000 
15,000 
15.000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI, REZA 
Dark Soil II (from Sand Painting Series) 
10.000 
25.000 
15,000 
15.000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI. REZA 
Dark Soil III (from Sand Painting Series) 
10.000 
25.000 
15.000 
15.000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI. REZA 
Dark Soil IV (from Sand Painting Series) 
10.000 
25.000 
15.000 
15.000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI, REZA 
Dark Soil V (from Sand Painting Series) 
10.000 
25.000 
15,000 
15.000 
AP Narrows DIX. OTTO 
Marry, auf einem Stuhl sitzender weiblicher Akt 
110.000 
125.000 
15,000 
15.000 
AP Narrows KUBIN. ALFRED 
Untitled (Forwards) 
70.000 
85.000 
15,000 
15.000 
Narrows 
VON STUCK, FRANZ 
Steam Power 
6.500 
20.000 
13,500 
13.500 
APO-01 
KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 10 - Drohendes Haupt 
69.000 
80.000 
11,000 
11.000 
AP Narrows BECKMANN. MAX 
In der Trambahn 
5.000 
15.000 
10.000 
10.000 
Page 20 
EFTA00592247
--- PAGE 21 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
AP Narrows BECKMANN. MAX 
Schlangendame, from: Der Jahrmarket 
5.000 
15.000 
10,000 
10.000 
Narrows 
BERNARD. EMILE 
Deux femmes 
2.500 
12.500 
10.000 
10.000 
Narrows 
BRESDIN, RODOLPHE Le Bon Samaritain 
90.000 
100.000 
10,000 
10.000 
AP Narrows GAINSBOROUGH. 
THOMAS 
Wooded landscape with figures outside a cottage 
190.000 
200.000 
10,000 
10.000 
LDB 
GHEYN II, JACQUES 
DE 
Marcus Curtius Leaping on Horseback into the 
Abyss (redo): Further studies of the same (verso) 
60.000 
70.000 
10,000 
10.000 
LDB 
GOLTZIUS. 
HENDRICK 
Mars and Venus (recto); Two female nudes, with 
cupid and a vase (verso) 
240.000 
250.000 
10,000 
10.000 
Narrows 
GORMLEY. ANTONY 
Base 
2.500 
12.500 
10,000 
10.000 
Narrows 
GORMLEY. ANTONY 
Home of the Head IV 
2.500 
12.500 
10,000 
10.000 
Narrows 
GORMLEY. ANTONY 
Sense 
2.500 
12.500 
10,000 
10.000 
Narrows 
KAHN, WOLF 
Late Fall Haze 
20.000 
30.000 
10,000 
10.000 
AP Narrows VUILLARD. EDOUARD Le Mannequin 
60.000 
70.000 
10,000 
10.000 
Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Le combat des demons (Diables rossant anges et 
archanges) (4D9JV) 
2.000 
10.000 
8,000 
8.000 
APO-01 
HECKEL. ERICH 
Schlafender Matrose (Sleeping Sailor) 
27.000 
35.000 
8.000 
8.000 
AP Narrows BELLOWS, GEORGE 
WESLEY 
Old Billiard Player 
2.500 
10.000 
7,500 
7.500 
Narrows 
GRAHAM. JOHN 
Horse and Rider 
5.000 
12.500 
7.500 
7.500 
Narrows 
NOLDE. EMIL 
Salomo and seine Frauen 
4.500 
12.000 
7,500 
7.500 
Narrows 
BOLOTOWSKY. ILYA 
Untitled. 1973 (4GXK2) 
1.500 
7.000 
5,500 
5.500 
AP Narrows BECKMANN. MAX 
Fastnacht 
5.000 
10.000 
5,000 
5.000 
AP Narrows BOILLY, LOUIS- 
LEOPOLD 
La partie de cartes 
15.000 
20.000 
5,000 
5.000 
AP Narrows BURNE-JONES, 
EDWARD 
Sir Galahad 
245.000 
250.000 
5,000 
5.000 
Narrows 
DELACROIX, EUGENE Recontre de cavaliers Maures 
5.000 
10.000 
5,000 
5.000 
Narrows 
DENIS, MAURICE 
Maternite aux cypres 
5.000 
10.000 
5.000 
5.000 
Page 21 
EFTA00592248
--- PAGE 22 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
AP Narrows GILLOT. CLAUDE 
Celebration in honor of the god Pan 
215.000 
220.000 
5,000 
5.000 
Narrows 
KAHN. WOLF 
Evening Light 
5.000 
10.000 
5.000 
5.000 
APO-01 
KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 4 - Komiker 
75.000 
80.000 
5.000 
5.000 
AP Narrows KUBIN. ALFRED 
Spielender Knabe 
80.000 
85.000 
5,000 
5.000 
Narrows 
MAILLOL. ARISTIDE 
Modele nu de dos 
20.000 
25.000 
5.000 
5.000 
Narrows 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Deux femmes batifolant sur un matelas de plage. 
Series 347. Plate 285 
3.000 
8.000 
5,000 
5.000 
Narrows 
RIVERA. DIEGO 
Cabeza de una tehuana (Retrato de juchiteca) 
35.000 
40.000 
5.000 
5.000 
Narrows 
SAINT-AUBIN. 
GABRIEL DE 
Victory of Tarquin over the Sabines and Etruscans 
25.000 
30.000 
5.000 
5.000 
AP Narrows AVERY. MILTON 
Birds and Sea 
4.000 
8.000 
4.000 
4.000 
Narrows 
CRAWFORD, 
ELIZABETH 
The Great Game 
1,000 
4.500 
3.500 
3.500 
AP Narrows BARYE. ANTOINE- 
LOUIS 
Lion qui marche 
5.000 
8.000 
3.000 
3.000 
AP Narrows BARYE. ANTOINE- 
LOUIS 
Tigre qui marche 
5.000 
8.000 
3.000 
3.000 
AP Narrows BECKMANN. MAX 
Vor dem Auftritt (Akrobate) 
3.000 
6.000 
3.000 
3.000 
Narrows 
ELIZONDO. ARTURO 
Ardores clandestinos 
4,000 
7.000 
3.000 
3.000 
Narrows 
KAHN. WOLF 
Barn in Fog 
1,000 
4.000 
3,000 
3.000 
Narrows 
KAHN. WOLF 
Returning to Harbor (in Martha's Vineyard) 
2.000 
4.000 
2.000 
2.000 
AP Narrows AVERY. MILTON 
Nude Meditating 
1.200 
3.000 
1,800 
1.800 
AP Narrows AVERY. MILTON 
Striped Drape 
2.200 
4.000 
1,800 
1.800 
AP Narrows AVERY. MILTON 
Two Nudes 
1.500 
3.000 
1.500 
1.500 
Narrows 
HARTLEY. MARSDEN Twisted Roots (Tree Study) 
7.000 
8.500 
1.500 
1.500 
Narrows 
RUSKIN. JOHN 
Spur of Piazzetta Shaft. Venice 
6.500 
8.000 
1,500 
1.500 
AP Narrows AVERY. MILTON 
Head of a Man 
250 
1.500 
1,250 
1.250 
AP Narrows BASKIN. LEONARD 
Dutch Artist 
1.500 
2.500 
1.000 
1.000 
Narrows 
CAVALLON. GIORGIO Untitled. 1950 (3XJKF) 
8.000 
9.000 
1,000 
1.000 
Narrows 
CAVALLON, GIORGIO Untitled. 1950 (3XJKG) 
8.000 
9.000 
1,000 
1.000 
Narrows 
CAVALLON. GIORGIO Untitled. 1951 (3Y47P) 
8.000 
9.000 
1,000 
1.000 
AP Narrows DERAIN. ANDRE 
Femme nue 
2.000 
3.000 
1.000 
1.000 
Page 22 
EFTA00592249
--- PAGE 23 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Narrows 
DINE, JIM 
Self-Portrait Head 
1200 
a000 
800 
800 
Children 
SHIRAZ SCHOOL 
(LATE 16TH 
CENTURY) 
A feast in a garden: Illustration from a poetic 
manuscript 
1200 
1.750 
550 
550 
Children 
ISFAHAN SCHOOL 
(MID-17TH CENTURY) 
Khusraw while hunting with his falcon encounters 
Shirin; Illustration from a manuscript. probably a 
Khamsch of Nizami 
1.200 
1.250 
LDB 
ALDEGREVER, 
HEINRICH 
Self-portrait aged 35' 
35.000 
35.000 
LDB 
ALTDORFER. 
ALBRECHT 
The Holy Family at the Fountain' 
60.000 
60.000 
LDB 
ANDREANI. ANDREA 
(AFTER ANDREA 
MANTEGNA) 
The Triumph of Julius Caesar' 
50.000 
50.000 
AP Narrows ASPERTINI. AMICO 
(ATTRIBUTED TO) 
Allegory with Adam and Eve expelled from 
Paradise' 
15.000 
15.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
AVERCAMP. HENDRIK Vessls off the shore, a Gallows in the middle 
distance and the City of Amsterdam beyond (from 
Paul Russell) 
1.011.588 
1.011.588 
Children 
AVERY. MILTON 
Orange Rocks' 
400.000 
400.000 
Children 
AVERY. MILTON 
Sentinels' 
300.000 
300.000 
LDB 
AVERY. MILTON 
Orange Vase 
450.000 
450.000 
Narrows 
AVERY. MILTON 
Dark Trees. Pale Mountain' 
15.000 
15.000 
LDB 
BALDUNG. HANS 
St. Sebastian 
245.000 
245.000 
LDB 
BALDUNG. HANS 
Adam and Eve' 
20.000 
20.000 
AP Narrows BARBARI. JACOPO 
DE' 
Triton and Nereid 
149.703 
149.703 
AP Narrows BARYE. ANTOINE- 
LOUIS 
Guerrier tartare arretant son cheval 
10.000 
10.000 
AP Narrows BARYE. ANTOINE- 
LOUIS 
Thesee combattant le centaur Bienor (esquisse) 
10.000 
10.000 
Narrows 
BARYE. ANTOINE- 
LOUIS 
Lion Marchant (6360902)' 
10.000 
10.000 
Children 
BASKIN. LEONARD 
Seated Birdman' 
7.000 
7.000 
LDB 
BEHAM. BARTHEL 
The Madonna by the Window' 
80.000 
80.000 
Page 23 
EFTA00592250
--- PAGE 24 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
LDB 
BEHAM. HANS 
SEBALD 
The Lovers' 
80.000 
80.000 
Narrows 
BELLOWS, GEORGE 
WESLEY 
Nude Reclining' 
15.000 
15.000 
LDB 
BERNINI. GIOVANNI 
LORENZO 
Portrait of Ottaviano Castelli 
250.000 
250.000 
2011 LLC 
BLAKE. WILLIAM 
The Parable of the Wise and Foolish Virgins 
2.500.000 
2.500.000 
LDB 
BLOEMAERT, 
ABRAHAM 
Head and arm studies of young men (redo); A 
draped figure wearing a mitre (verso) 
400.000 
400.000 
AP Narrows BOILLY, LOUIS- 
LEOPOLD 
La partie de dames 
20.000 
20.000 
Children 
BOLOTOWSKY, ILYA 
Untitled. 1966 (4GWYK)* 
17.500 
17.500 
Children 
BOLOTOWSKY. ILYA 
Double Column' 
15.000 
15.000 
Narrows 
BONNARD. PIERRE 
Nature mode aux fruits 
70.000 
70.000 
AP Narrows BRANCUSI, 
CONSTANTIN 
Atelier 
256.401 
256.401 
APO-01 
BRUEGEL THE 
ELDER. PIETER 
Wooded landscape with Travelers 
10,000.000 
10,000.000 
LDB 
BURGKMAIR. HANS 
Lovers Surprised by Death (6406290) 
650.000 
650.000 
LDB 
BURGKMAIR. HANS 
The Apocalypse' 
40.000 
40.000 
LDB 
BURGKMAIR. HANS 
Wie de jung weiss kunig' 
25.000 
25.000 
LDB 
CALDER. ALEXANDER Untitled (6350654)' 
3.000 
3.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CALDER. ALEXANDER Spunk of the Monk 
18,000.000 
18,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CALDER. ALEXANDER Jenny Sargent McKean 
1,088.750 
1,088.750 
AP Narrows CAMPAGNOLA, 
GIULIO & DOMENICO 
Three Shepherds and a Shepherdess in a 
Landscape' 
100.000 
100.000 
LDB 
CARRACCI. 
ANNIBALE 
Return of the Prodigal Son 
340.000 
340.000 
LDB 
CARRACCI. 
ANNIBALE 
Venus and a Satyr' 
12.000 
12.000 
Page 24 
EFTA00592251
--- PAGE 25 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
2011 LLC 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Bouteilles, Pots, Rechaud A Alcoa, Pommes - 90% 
undivided interest (pd sales tax on 45 purchase 
price because 2011 LLC did no trade-in) 
48.993.750 
48.993.750 
AP Narrows CEZANNE, PAUL 
Portrait de Vallier de Prof il (pd sales tax on the 5 
difference between Giacometti at 25 and Cezanne 
at 30) 
30,443.750 
30,443.750 
Narrows 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Bouteilles, Pots, Rechaud a Alcoa, Pommes - 10% 
undivided interest (pd no sales tax because 
Narrows traded-in Braque at 5 for 10% undivided 
interest in Cezanne worth 5) 
5.000.000 
5.000.000 
Narrows 
CHUN, KWANG 
YOUNG 
Aggregation 05-J003' 
125.000 
125.000 
Narrows 
CHUN, KWANG 
YOUNG 
Aggregation 05-F011* 
125.000 
125.000 
LDB 
Collectibles 
John Lennon's Gibson acoustic guitar 
2.615.000 
2.615.000 
LDB 
Collectibles 
John Lennon. -A Day in the Life" lyrics 
1.310.000 
1.310.000 
LDB 
Collectibles 
Beatles Rickenbacker guitar 
660.000 
660.000 
LDB 
Collectibles 
Godfather script 
20.000 
20.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CONSTABLE. JOHN 
View on the Stour near Dedham. full-scale sketch 
(w/out use tax because BOFA uses # w/out tax for 
collateral; w/ut = $20.410,387) 
18.746.624 
18.746.624 
Narrows 
CORBETT. EDWARD 
Untitled' 
4.500 
4.500 
Narrows 
CORBETT. EDWARD 
Washington. DC April 1965 #14' 
8.000 
8.000 
Narrows 
CORBETT. EDWARD 
Washington, DC 1970' 
8.000 
8.000 
AP Narrows CORREGGIO 
Study of an Apostle 
657.878 
657.878 
AP Narrows COSSIERS. JAN 
The head of a young man. in profile to the left 
71.008 
71.008 
AP Narrows CRABBE VAN 
ESPLEGHEM. FRANS 
Saint John the Baptist preaching' 
15.000 
15.000 
LDB 
CRANACH THE 
ELDER. LUCAS 
Saxon Prince on a Boar Hunt' 
30.000 
30.000 
Page 25 
EFTA00592252
--- PAGE 26 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
LDB 
Artist 
CRANACH THE 
ELDER. LUCAS 
Title 
The Sermon of Saint John the Baptist' 
Basis 
30.000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
30.000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
LDB 
CRANACH THE 
ELDER. LUCAS 
Marcus Curtius Plunging into the Chasm' 
15.000 
15.000 
Narrows 
CUEVAS, JOSE LUIS 
Self-portrait like Rimbaud in Charenton' 
4.000 
4.000 
APO-01 
DALI. SALVADOR 
The Ants (Las Hormigas) 
1.000.000 
1.000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DAUMIER. HONORE 
Galerie de tableaux (Les amateurs de tableaux) 
3.500.000 
3.500.000 
Noel Calb 
DAUMIER. HONORE 
Apres ('audience 
1.200.000 
1.200.000 
Narrows 
DAVID. JACOUES- 
LOUIS 
Portrait 
revolutionnaire de profit gauche 
250.000 
250.000 
AP Narrows DAVIS. STUART 
Woman Standing in the Alley (Hoboken Series) 
20.000 
20.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DEGAS. EDGAR 
Femme s'essuyant les cheveux' 
350.000 
350.000 
APO-01 
DELACROIX, EUGENE A bound sketchbook of scenes from Morocco 
1,800.000 
1,800.000 
Narrows 
DERAIN. ANDRE 
Cheval' 
40.000 
40.000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI. REZA 
Black Figs' 
125.000 
125.000 
APO-01 
DESPREZ. JEAN- 
LOUIS 
La Chimere de Monsieur Desprez 
100.000 
100.000 
AP Narrows DURER. ALBRECHT 
Hierinn sind begriffen vier bucher von menschilcher 
proportion 
140.000 
140.000 
AP Narrows DURER. ALBRECHT 
Saint Jerome in Penitence' 
80.000 
80.000 
AP Narrows DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Holy Family with a Butterfly' 
80.000 
80.000 
AP Narrows DURER. ALBRECHT 
A Knight on Horseback and Lansquenet' 
70.000 
70.000 
AP Narrows DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Adoration of the Magi 
60.000 
60.000 
AP Narrows DURER. ALBRECHT 
Hercules and the Molionide Twins' 
50.000 
50.000 
AP Narrows DURER. ALBRECHT 
St. George on Horseback 
140.960 
140.960 
AP Narrows DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Rhinoceros 
1,200.000 
1.200.000 
AP Narrows DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Sea Monster' 
120.000 
120.000 
AP Narrows DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Martyrdom of Saint Catherine' 
60.000 
60.000 
APO-01 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Samson rending the Lion 
700.000 
700.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Engraved Passion' 
200.000 
200.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Nativity' 
200.000 
200.000 
Page 26 
EFTA00592253
--- PAGE 27 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Ravisher' 
180.000 
180.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Hercules. or The Effects of Jealousy' 
150.000 
150.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Coat of Arms with a Cock' 
70.000 
70.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Saint Jerome in his Cell' 
60.000 
60.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Sudarium held by two Angels' 
60.000 
60.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Madonna and Child on a Crescent Moon' 
50.000 
50.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Holy Family with Saints Joachim and Anna 
under a Tree' 
40.000 
40.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Dream of the Doctor 
218.000 
218.000 
Noel Calb 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Saint Jerome in his Study 
1.000,000 
1.000.000 
AP Narrows DUVET. JEAN 
The King pursued by a Unicorn' 
120.000 
120.000 
AP Narrows DUVET. JEAN 
Saint Sebastian between Saints Anthony and 
Roch' 
80.000 
80.000 
Narrows 
ERNST. JIMMY 
Landscape Variation no. 6' 
1,000 
1.000 
Narrows 
ERNST. JIMMY 
Into Night' 
12.500 
12.500 
Narrows 
ERNST. MAX 
Masques' 
5.000 
5.000 
Narrows 
ERNST. MAX 
Rhythms' 
2.000 
2.000 
Narrows 
ERNST. MAX 
Hibou-Arlequin' 
3.500 
3.500 
APO-01 
FRAGONARD, JEAN- 
HONORE 
Portrait of Francois-Henri, 5th duc 
. half- 
30,000.000 
30.000.000 
length and looking over his shoulder to the left 
Narrows 
FRATIN. 
CHRISTOPHE 
Le cavalier arabe attaque par un lion (La chasse au 
lion)' 
15.000 
15.000 
AP Narrows GALLE, PHILIPS 
(AFTER PIETER 
BRUEGEL THE 
ELDER) 
The Parable of the Wise and Foolish Virgins' 
8.000 
8.000 
LDB 
GALLE, PHILIPS 
(AFTER PIETER 
BRUEGEL THE 
ELDER) 
The Alchemist' 
50.000 
50.000 
AP Narrows GAUGUIN. PAUL 
Oviri 
230.000 
230.000 
AP Narrows GERICAULT. 
THEODORE 
Study for the father in the Raft of the Medusa 
(recto): Two Studies for the figure seated at the foot 
of the mast (verso) 
700.000 
700.000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL 
(15TH CENTURY) 
Saint Christopher' 
350.000 
350.000 
Page 27 
EFTA00592254
--- PAGE 28 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL 
(15TH CENTURY) 
The Virgin and Child on a Crescent Moon 
180.000 
180.000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL 
15TH CENTURY) 
Adam and Eve: St. Sebastian' 
40.000 
40.000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL 
(15TH CENTURY) 
The Temptation of Christ' 
40.000 
40.000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL 
(15TH CENTURY) 
The Virgin with Child holding a Flower' 
40.000 
40.000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL 
(15TH CENTURY) 
The Adoration of the Magi* 
30.000 
30.000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL 
(15TH CENTURY) 
Woman with a Rose, a Banderole and a Lap Dog' 
30.000 
30.000 
AP Narrows GHEYN II, JACQUES 
DE 
A large beech. partly in leaf 
2,000.000 
2.000.000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. 
ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele leuille-
200.000 
200.000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. 
ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele 'osselet. deuxieme version' 
200.000 
200.000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO Console avec deux crapauds et deux moineaux I'un 
avec les ailes deployees* (6350649) 
600.000 
600.000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI, DIEGO Table a oiseau et coupelle' 
400.000 
400.000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI, DIEGO Fauteuil aux totes de lionnes. seconde version. 
pieds anterieurs en griffes et lions (a pair)' 
150.000 
150.000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO Fauteuil aux totes de lionnes. seconde version. 
pieds anterieurs en griffes et lions (a pair)' 
150.000 
150.000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO Table carcasse basse avec harpie' 
150.000 
150.000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO Crapaud (sitting on console table 6350649)' 
15.000 
15.000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO Table feuilles aux oiseaux et grenouilles' 
300.000 
300.000 
LDB 
GILLOT, CLAUDE 
Le tombeau de Maitre Andre 
153.000 
153.000 
Page 28 
EFTA00592255
--- PAGE 29 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
AP Narrows GOYA. FRANCISCO 
DE 
La Tauromaquia 
1,100.000 
1,100.000 
LDB 
GRAF. URS 
Passio domini nostri Jesu Christi - Die Figuren der 
Passion oder des Leidens Christi' 
25.000 
25.000 
LDB 
GREUZE. JEAN- 
BAPTISTE 
Portrait of a young gentleman 
450.000 
450.000 
Narrows 
GUSSOW. ROY 
Isomorphic Pair' 
2.500 
2.500 
AP Narrows HEYDEN. PIETER VAN 
DER. AFTER 
HIERONYMUS BOSCH 
The Ship of Fools. or: Die blau Schuyte' 
90.000 
90.000 
AP Narrows HEYDEN. PIETER VAN 
DER. AFTER PIETER 
BRUEGEL THE ELDER 
The Land of Cockaigne 
47.783 
47.783 
AP Narrows HEYDEN. PIETER VAN 
DER. AFTER PIETER 
BRUEGEL THE ELDER 
The Last Judgment' 
20.000 
20.000 
AP Narrows HEYDEN. PIETER VAN 
DER. AFTER PIETER 
BRUEGEL THE ELDER 
The Wedding of Mopsus and Nisa. or: The Dirty 
Bride' 
60.000 
60.000 
LDB 
HIRSCHVOGEL. 
AUGUSTIN 
Castle Yard' 
60.000 
60.000 
LDB 
HIRSCHVOGEL. 
AUGUSTIN 
Landscape with a Church' 
40.000 
40.000 
AP Narrows HOFFMANN. HANS 
Bird Feathers 
816.563 
816.563 
AP Narrows JORDAENS. JACOB 
The head of a piper: study for 'As the Old Sang. So 
the Young Pipe" 
200.000 
200.000 
Narrows 
KAHN. WOLF 
#50. Black Barn. White Dwelling' 
20.000 
20.000 
Narrows 
KAHN. WOLF 
Vineyard Sunset' 
2.000 
2.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KANDINSKY, 
WASSILY 
Skizze fur sintflut II (Sketch for Deluge II) 
30,000.000 
30,000.000 
AP Narrows KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Balcony. Belle-Ile-en-Mer 
17.059 
17.059 
Page 29 
EFTA00592256
--- PAGE 30 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
AP Narrows KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Doorway Shadow. Spencertown 
17.059 
17.059 
AP Narrows KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Hanger Doorway, St. Barthelemy 
17.059 
17.059 
AP Narrows KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Stairway. St. Martin 
17.059 
17.059 
AP Narrows KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Broken Window, Paris 
17.059 
17.059 
AP Narrows KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Movie Screen, Waterbury 
17.059 
17.059 
AP Narrows KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Wall. Majorca 
17.059 
17.059 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KIEFER. ANSELM 
Ho Velimir Khlebnikov: Die Lehre vom Krieg: 
Seeschlachten (w/out use tax brc BOFA doesn't 
include use tax in collateral; w/ut = $3.406.524) 
3.125.252 
3,125.252 
AP Narrows KIRCHNER. ERNST 
LUDWIG 
Tanzerin mit gehobenem Rock 
100.000 
100.000 
LDB 
KIRCHNER. ERNST 
LUDWIG 
Steigendes Pferd mit Reiter 
147.000 
147.000 
APO-01 
KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 3 - Jungfrau in Baum 
150.000 
150.000 
APO-01 
KLEE. PAUL 
Drei sanfte Narrenworte (The Three Gentle Words 
of a Fool) 
500.000 
500.000 
Narrows 
KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 7 - Ein Mann versinkt vor der Kronoze' 
200.000 
200.000 
Children 
KOONING. WILLEM 
DE 
Untitled' 
125.000 
125.000 
Narrows 
LAUGE. ACHILLE 
Landscape' 
5.000 
5.000 
LDB 
LAUTENSACK. 
HANNS SEBALD 
Landscape with a Fortress and a big Stairway' 
70.000 
70.000 
Narrows 
LEE. JENNY 
Half-Note No. 8' 
2.000 
2.000 
Narrows 
LEE. JENNY 
Song for a Sculptor' 
2.000 
2.000 
AP Narrows LEYDEN. LUCAS VAN The Fall of Man (6363306)' 
120.000 
120.000 
AP Narrows LEYDEN. LUCAS VAN Susanna and the Elders' 
100.000 
100.000 
Page 30 
EFTA00592257
--- PAGE 31 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
HHRHHTHHH: 
H:HHHH: :pp:::Hed 
:HU: 
OH 
H3UHH0H.SH pHHH H 
Unr:::::::::1 
Unr::::::c1 
AP Narrows LEYDEN. LUCAS VAN The Fall of Man (6363305)' 
2.000 
2.000 
Narrows 
LONGHI. PIETRO 
Two standing women 
150.000 
150.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LORENZO DI CREDI 
Drapery study with the Christ Child standing on the 
Madonna's left knee 
1.000.000 
1.000.000 
LDB 
LOWER RHENISH OR 
FLEMISH SCHOOL 
(15TH CENTURY) 
A Letter of Indulgence: Christ as the Man of 
Sorrows standing in the Tomb, with the instruments 
of the Passion. behind Him at left Saint Bernhard of 
Clairvaux, at right an unidentified Bishop' 
60.000 
60.000 
LDB 
MASTER BXG 
Saint Anthony visiting Saint Paul the Hermit' 
200.000 
200.000 
AP Narrows MASTER ES 
An Oblong Ornamental Panel with Women Fighting 
for Breeches' 
700.000 
700.000 
AP Narrows MASTER ES 
The Madonna and Child on a Grassy Bench 
between Saints Barbara and Dorothy (the Small 
Hortus Conclusus)' 
200.000 
200.000 
LDB 
MASTER M. 
Aristotle and Phyllis* 
40.000 
40.000 
LDB 
MASTER M. 
The Embrace' 
30.000 
30.000 
LDB 
MASTER OF THE 
AACHEN MADONNA 
The Man of Sorrows standing with Symbols of the 
Passion' 
150.000 
150.000 
LDB 
MASTER OF THE 
DUTUIT MOUNT OF 
OLIVES 
The Agony in the Garden' 
40.000 
40.000 
LDB 
MASTER OF THE 
MARTYRDOM OF THE 
TEN THOUSAND 
Christ and the Woman of Samaria' 
40.000 
40.000 
LDB 
MECKENEM. ISRAHEL 
VAN 
The Life of the Virgin' 
400.000 
400.000 
LDB 
MECKENEM. ISRAHEL 
VAN 
Ornament with Morris Dancers' 
250.000 
250.000 
LDB 
MECKENEM. ISRAHEL 
VAN 
Ornament with seated Lovers. Birds and Beasts' 
200.000 
200.000 
LDB 
MECKENEM. ISRAHEL 
VAN 
An upright ornamental Panel with scrolling Foliage 
and eight naked Figures' 
180.000 
180.000 
LDB 
MECKENEM. ISRAHEL 
VAN 
The Dance at the Court of King Herod' 
150.000 
150.000 
Page 31 
EFTA00592258
--- PAGE 32 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
LDB 
MECKENEM. ISRAHEL 
VAN 
The Couple Seated on the Bed' 
100.000 
100.000 
LDB 
MECKENEM. ISRAHEL 
VAN 
The Lutenist and the Harpist' 
80.000 
80.000 
LDB 
MECKENEM. ISRAHEL 
VAN 
The Organ Player and his Wife' 
40.000 
40.000 
Narrows II 
MUNCH. EDVARD 
The Scream 
130.000.000 
130.000.000 
LDB 
MUNIZ. VIK 
Happy View 
11.000 
11.000 
LDB 
NESHAT. SHIRIN 
Untitled (Hands)' 
6.000 
6.000 
AP Narrows NORTHERN ITALIAN 
SCHOOL (15TH 
CENTURY) 
Saint Nicholas of Myra' 
100.000 
100.000 
AP Narrows OAKES. TREVOR AND 
RYAN 
Have no Narrow Perspectives; The Bean 
180.000 
180.000 
LDB 
ORSI. LELIO 
Apollo and Marsyas 
833.000 
833.000 
AP Narrows ORSI. LELIO 
(ATTRIBUTED TO) 
Jonas rejected by the whale 
40.000 
40.000 
APO-01 
PENONE. GUISEPPE Pella del monte 
243.000 
243.000 
Narrows 
PETERDI. GABOR 
Seed and Rock IV' 
400 
400 
Narrows 
PETERDI. GABOR 
La Grande Bataille' 
500 
500 
Narrows 
PETERDI. GABOR 
Pacific II' 
2.000 
2.000 
Narrows 
PETERDI. GABOR 
The Blue Veil of Distance' 
500 
500 
Narrows 
PIAZZETTA. 
GIAMBATTISTA 
Standing Male Nude (recto); Seated Male Nude 
(verso) 
260.000 
260.000 
Children 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Nu assis' 
1.000.000 
1.000.000 
Narrows 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Buste de femme (Marie-Therese) 
125,206.250 
125.206.250 
LDB 
POBLET, MABEL 
Susurro (Whisper) 
4.900 
4.900 
LDB 
POBLET. MABEL 
Acorn anada (Accompanied) 
2.700 
2.700 
LDB 
POBLET, MABEL 
Susurro II (Whisper II) 
1.100 
1.100 
LDB 
POLIDORO DA 
CARAVAGGIO 
The Virgin Mary and the Holy Women 
300.000 
300.000 
AP Narrows REDON. ODILON 
A Edgar Pee (7VY99) 
215.000 
215.000 
AP Narrows REDON, ODILON 
Captive Pegasus 
143.565 
143.565 
Narrows 
REDON. ODILON 
Le cerf volant 
200.000 
200.000 
Page 32 
EFTA00592259
--- PAGE 33 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
AP Narrows 
Artist 
REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Title 
Saint Jerome in an Italianate Landscape' 
Basis 
800.000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
800.000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Entombment' 
750.000 
750.000 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Jupiter and Antiope' 
500.000 
500.000 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Abraham Francen, Apothecary' 
250.000 
250.000 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Ephraim Bonus. Jewish Physician' 
150.000 
150.000 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Bearded Man in a Velvet Cap with a Jewel Clasp' 
60.000 
60.000 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Jews in the Synogogue' 
60.000 
60.000 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Flute Player 
315.738 
315.738 
LDB 
REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Adoration of the Shepherds with the Lamp' 
(6362926) 
180.000 
180.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Agony in the Garden' 
350.000 
350.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Christ at Emmaus: the Larger Plate' 
250.000 
250.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Descent from the Cross by Torchlight' 
120.000 
120.000 
Page 33 
EFTA00592260
--- PAGE 34 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Own:r 
LDB 
Art::: 
REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
TH: 
The Triumph of Mordecai* 
Bras 
100.000 
HI1RH:THHH: 
HT:::: apHrtHsed 
WILI: 
OH 
pUHHIIFISH pH::: H 
HEIHS :FM 
100.000 
UnraHH:c1 
Ho11:Los: 
Unr:::::c1 H:11 
Unr:::::cl 
Lo:: 
LDB 
REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Virgin and Child with the Cat and Snake' 
100.000 
100.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Little Jewish Bride (Saskia as Saint 
Catherine)' 
75.000 
75.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Adam and Eve' 
70.000 
70.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Christ driving the Money Changers from the 
Temple' 
50.000 
50.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Jan Cornelis Sylvius. Preacher' 
30.000 
30.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Goldsmith' 
30.000 
30.000 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Self-Portrait in a Fur Cap 
136.094 
136.094 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Self-Portrait in a Heavy Fur Cap 
136.094 
136.094 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Self-Portrait in a Soft Cap 
136.094 
136.094 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Self-Portrait drawing at a Window 
136.094 
136.094 
AP Narrows RUBENS, SIR PETER 
PAUL 
Scipio Africanus welcomed outside the gates of 
Rome, after Giulio Romano 
1,706.616 
1,706.616 
APO-01 
RUBENS, SIR PETER 
PAUL 
Meleager and Atalanta hunting the Boar 
6,000.000 
6,000.000 
Page 34 
EFTA00592261
--- PAGE 35 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
RUBENS. SIR PETER 
PAUL 
Two nude men dragged down by demons and lifted 
up by three partly robed figures, after Michelangelo 
2.000.000 
2.000.000 
AP Narrows RUBY. STERLING 
PALE. PC. 
88.088 
88.088 
AP Narrows RUBY. STERLING 
BL. RGB. 
88.088 
88.088 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD. 
URSULA VON 
Sunrises Thin Rays. GL10463 
13.000 
13.000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD, 
URSULA VON 
Untitled. GL 10213 
13.000 
13.000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD, 
URSULA VON 
Untitled. GL 10267 
13.000 
13.000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD, 
URSULA VON 
Untitled. GL10214 
13.000 
13.000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD, 
URSULA VON 
Untitled. GL10462 
13.000 
13.000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD, 
URSULA VON 
Untitled. GL10464 
13.000 
13.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
RYDINGSVARD. 
URSULA VON 
Untitled 
558.350 
558.350 
LDB 
SACKS. PETER 
Township 1 
152.600 
152.600 
LDB 
SAINT-AUBIN, 
GABRIEL DE 
L'Incendie de l'Hotel-Dieu en 1772 
462.000 
462.000 
LDB 
SAMARAS. LUCAS 
Box #4 
644.000 
644.000 
AP Narrows SARTO. ANDREA DEL Etude de tete 
(recto): Etude 
(verso) 
4.502.586 
4.502.586 
Narrows 
SAUNDERS. DAVID 
Untitled' 
2.500 
2.500 
AP Narrows SCARPITTA. 
SALVATORE 
Tishamingo (for Franz Kline) 
1.087.500 
1.087.500 
AP Narrows SCHIELE. EGON 
Selbstportrat als heiliger Sebastian 
3.500.000 
3,500.000 
AP Narrows SCHONGAUER, 
MARTIN 
The Road to Calvary' 
200.000 
200.000 
AP Narrows SCHONGAUER. 
MARTIN 
Saint Michael Slaying the Dragon 
230.271 
230.271 
AP Narrows SCHONGAUER. 
MARTIN 
The Crucifixtion with Four Angels 
1.000.000 
1.000.000 
Page 35 
EFTA00592262
--- PAGE 36 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
AP Narrows SCHONGAUER, 
MARTIN 
A Foolish Virgin. Half Length' 
900.000 
900.000 
AP Narrows SCHONGAUER, 
MARTIN 
The Nativity' 
400.000 
400.000 
AP Narrows SCHONGAUER, 
MARTIN 
The Flight into Egypt' 
250.000 
250.000 
LDB 
SCHONGAUER, 
MARTIN 
The Dormition of the Virgin 
436.000 
436.000 
LDB 
SCHONGAUER, 
MARTIN 
The Wise and Foolish Virgins' 
1,200.000 
1,200.000 
LDB 
SCHONGAUER, 
MARTIN 
The Coronation of the Virgin' 
400.000 
400.000 
LDB 
SCHONGAUER. 
MARTIN 
Saint John on Patmos' 
350.000 
350.000 
APO-01 
SCHWITTERS. KURT 
Ohne Titel 
1.959.750 
1.959.750 
APO-01 
SERRA, RICHARD 
Ramble 4-3 
245.250 
245.250 
APO-01 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Ramble 4-4 
245.250 
245.250 
LDB 
SERRA, RICHARD 
London Cross (purchase in progress: $1.6 million 
paid to date) 
1.600.000 
1,600.000 
AP Narrows SESTO. CESARE DA 
A young, partly draped, woman with the head of a 
bull (recto): Eleazar. after Michelangelo (verso) 
149.703 
149.703 
Narrows 
SMITH. HOUGHTON 
CRANFORD 
Helm and Pulleys' 
500 
500 
Narrows 
SMITH. HOUGHTON 
CRANFORD 
Rigging' 
500 
500 
AP Narrows SOUTH GERMAN 
SCHOOL 
The Nativity' 
400.000 
400.000 
LDB 
STRUTH. THOMAS 
The Black Family' 
225.000 
225.000 
AP Narrows SZE. SARAH 
Dark Matter (ceramic and metallic glaze) 
65.250 
65.250 
AP Narrows TIEPOLO. GIOVANNI 
BATTISTA 
Head of a boy in a cap. looking up to the left, his 
left hand to his cheek 
770.440 
770.440 
AP Narrows TITIAN 
The Submersion of Pharoh's Army in the Red Sea 
818.196 
818.196 
Narrows 
TITIAN 
Study of a Kneeling Man 
6.866.000 
6.866.000 
Page 36 
EFTA00592263
--- PAGE 37 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
AP Narrows VAN DYCK. SIR 
ANTHONY 
Self Portrait' 
80.000 
80.000 
AP Narrows VAN DYCK. SIR 
ANTHONY 
Adam van Noon' 
50.000 
50.000 
AP Narrows VAN DYCK, SIR 
ANTHONY 
Jan Brueghel the Elder' 
50.000 
50.000 
AP Narrows VAN DYCK, SIR 
ANTHONY 
Justus Sustermans' 
50.000 
50.000 
AP Narrows VAN DYCK. SIR 
ANTHONY 
Pieter Brueghel the Younger' 
50.000 
50.000 
AP Narrows VAN DYCK. SIR 
ANTHONY 
Frans Franken the Elder' 
40.000 
40.000 
AP Narrows VAN DYCK. SIR 
ANTHONY 
Frans Snyders' 
40.000 
40.000 
AP Narrows VAN DYCK. SIR 
ANTHONY 
Jan de Wael' 
40.000 
40.000 
AP Narrows VAN DYCK. SIR 
ANTHONY 
Joos de Momper' 
40.000 
40.000 
AP Narrows VAN DYCK. SIR 
ANTHONY 
Lucas Vorsterman' 
40.000 
40.000 
AP Narrows VAN DYCK, SIR 
ANTHONY 
Paul de Vos' 
40.000 
40.000 
AP Narrows VAN DYCK. SIR 
ANTHONY 
Philippe le Roy' 
40.000 
40.000 
AP Narrows VAN DYCK, SIR 
ANTHONY 
Willem de Vos' 
40.000 
40.000 
AP Narrows VAN DYCK, SIR 
ANTHONY 
Jan Snellinck' 
35.000 
35.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
VOIJET. SIMON 
Portrait of a woman with a veil 
400.000 
400.000 
AP Narrows ZUCCARO, TADDEO 
Projet de decor de chapelle avec une Annonciation 
entournee de saint Paul. saint Georges. saint 
Augustin et un autre saint 
103.187 
103.187 
Narrows 
LEIGHTON, 
FREDERIC (LORD) 
Studies for "The Arts of Industry as Applied to War" 
7.400 
7.200 
(200) 
(200) 
AP Narrows REDON, ODILON 
Poemes (Poemes, Les Soirs, Flambeaux Noirs) 
2.700 
2.500 
(200) 
(200) 
Page 37 
EFTA00592264
--- PAGE 38 ---
ALL ART - 3119/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
AP Narrows ENSOR. JAMES 
Insectes singuliers 
13.000 
12.000 
(1,000) 
(1.000) 
Narrows 
PASCIN. JULES 
Turkish Dancers 
3.000 
2.000 
(1.000) 
(1.000) 
Narrows 
LEE. JENNY 
Half-Note 
3.500 
2.000 
(1.500) 
(1.500) 
AP Narrows CHIRINO. MARTIN 
Espiral 
7.000 
5.000 
(2,000) 
(2.000) 
Narrows 
PETERDI. GABOR 
Big Blue Eclipse 
3.500 
1.200 
(2.300) 
(2.300) 
LDB 
POBLET, MABEL 
Narciso/Narcissus (from the series tesapariencial 
6.500 
4.000 
(2,500) 
(2.500) 
AP Narrows KUBIN, ALFRED 
Fenfzehn Facsimiledrucke (The Weber Portfolio) 
5.000 
2.000 
(3,000) 
(3.000) 
Narrows 
MARSH. REGINALD 
Does Your Nose Clog Up Al 
5.000 
2.000 
(3.000) 
(3.000) 
Narrows 
SAUNDERS. DAVID 
The Afterlife of Things 
5.500 
2.250 
(3,250) 
(3.250) 
Narrows 
ERNST. MAX (AFTER) The Ocean 
5.500 
2.000 
(3,500) 
(3.500) 
Narrows 
ERNST. JIMMY 
Untitled 
8.000 
4.000 
(4,000) 
(4.000) 
APO-01 
JOHNS. JASPER 
Regrets 
39.000 
35.000 
(4.000) 
(4.000) 
APO-01 
JOHNS. JASPER 
Regrets 
39.000 
35.000 
(4,000) 
(4.000) 
Narrows 
MARSH. REGINALD 
Woman Walking 
5.000 
1.000 
(4.000) 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 1 
10.000 
6.000 
(4.000) 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 2 
10.000 
6.000 
(4,000) 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 3 
10.000 
6.000 
(4.000) 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 4 
10.000 
6.000 
(4.000) 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 5 
10.000 
6.000 
(4.000) 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 6 
10.000 
6.000 
(4,000) 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 8 
10.000 
6.000 
(4.000) 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 9 
10.000 
6.000 
(4,000) 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 10 
10.000 
6.000 
(4,000) 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 11 
10.000 
6.000 
(4.000) 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 12 
10.000 
6.000 
(4.000) 
(4.000) 
Narrows 
BONHEUR. ROSA 
RAYMOND (AFTER) 
Crouching Lion 
5.000 
700 
(4.300) 
(4.300) 
AP Narrows DERAIN. ANDRE 
Profil de femme 
5.500 
1.000 
(4,500) 
(4.500) 
Narrows 
BONNARD. PIERRE 
Nu a la baignoire 
55.000 
50.000 
(5.000) 
(5.000) 
Narrows 
BRESDIN, RODOLPHE Paysan au pied ■ 
arbre 
65.000 
60.000 
(5,000) 
(5.000) 
LDB 
COYPEL, CHARLES- 
ANTOINE 
Etude de tete 
80.000 
75.000 
(5,000) 
(5.000) 
AP Narrows ENSOR. JAMES 
Alimentation doctrinaire: First Plate. 69KC8 
125.000 
120.000 
(5,000) 
(5.000) 
Page 38 
EFTA00592265
--- PAGE 39 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
AP Narrows ENSOR. JAMES 
Les Bains 
125.000 
120.000 
(5,000) 
(5.000) 
AP Narrows GERICAULT. 
THEODORE 
La Procession de SiIke (recto): Etude de Femme 
Nue Assise (verso) 
225.000 
220.000 
(5,000) 
(5.000) 
APO-01 
GROSZ. GEORGE 
Eigenbr0delei (Kaffeehausszene) 
130.000 
125.000 
(5,000) 
(5.000) 
Narrows 
KURTEN. STEFAN 
Northern Sky (Everybody's Happy Nowadays) 
15.000 
8.500 
(6.500) 
(6.500) 
AP Narrows AVERY. MILTON 
Mottled Hills 
27.000 
20.000 
(7,000) 
(7.000) 
Narrows 
INGRES. JEAN- 
AUGUSTE-
DOMINIQUE 
Gabriel Cortois de Pressigny 
17.000 
10.000 
(7,000) 
(7.000) 
Narrows 
MAILLOL. ARISTIDE 
Esquisse pour 'La Mediterranee 
20.000 
12.500 
(7.500) 
(7.500) 
AP Narrows BARYE, ANTOINE- 
LOUIS 
Cheval Turc 
30.000 
20.000 
(10,000) 
(10.000) 
AP Narrows BELLOWS, GEORGE 
WESLEY 
A Stag at Sharkey's 
130.000 
120.000 
(10,000) 
(10.000) 
AP Narrows BELLOWS, GEORGE 
WESLEY 
Dempsey and Firpo 
130.000 
120.000 
(10,000) 
(10.000) 
LDB 
KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Melon Leaf (Feuille de Melon) 
15.000 
5.000 
(10,000) 
(10.000) 
AP Narrows KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 9 - Greiser Phoenix 
130.000 
120.000 
(10.000) 
(10.000) 
Narrows 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Femme nue debout 
60.000 
50.000 
(10,000) 
(10.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
POTTER. PAULUS 
A bull (from Paul Russell) 
165.000 
151.738 
(13.262) 
(13.262) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
ROGHMAN. 
ROELANDT 
Castle of Kapelle (from Paul Russell) 
165.000 
151.738 
(13,262) 
(13.262) 
AP Narrows GORKY. ARSHILE 
Study after Picasso (Study for Blue Figure in Chair) 
(4GPRM) 
65.000 
50.000 
(15,000) 
(15.000) 
Narrows 
KAHN. WOLF 
The Towpath 
35.000 
20.000 
(15,000) 
(15.000) 
AP Narrows KUBIN. ALFRED 
Weeping Trees 
215.000 
200.000 
(15,000) 
(15.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BOTH. JAN 
Study of a man holding a basket (from Paul 
Russell) 
193.000 
177.028 
(15,972) 
(15.972) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
HOOGSTRATEN, 
SAMUEL VAN 
John the Baptist in prison receives Christ's answer 
(Matthew II: 2-6) (from Paul Russell) 
193.000 
177.028 
(15,972) 
(15.972) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MAES. NICOLAES 
Figure studies (from Paul Russell) 
193.000 
177.028 
(15,972) 
(15.972) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MAES. NICOLAES 
Study of Hamar pleading with Esther (from Paul 
Russell) 
193.000 
177.028 
(15,972) 
(15.972) 
Narrows 
QUINN. MARC 
The Blind Still Leading the Blind 
40.000 
22.500 
(17,500) 
(17.500) 
Page 39 
EFTA00592266
--- PAGE 40 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BORCH. GERARD 
TER 
Study of the head of a young man (from Paul 
Russell) 
220.000 
202.318 
(17,682) 
(17.682) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BOSSCHAERT, 
AMBROSIUS 
Untitled (from Paul Russell) 
220.000 
202.318 
(17,682) 
(17.682) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DOOMER. LAMBERT 
Farmhouse near Nantes (from Paul Russell) 
220.000 
202.318 
(17,682) 
(17.682) 
AP Narrows CHIRINO. MARTIN 
Cabeza 
25.000 
7.000 
(18.000) 
(18.000) 
AP Narrows ENSOR. JAMES 
Le combat des demons (Diables rossant anges et 
archanges) (7SLV8) 
170.000 
150.000 
(20,000) 
(20.000) 
Narrows 
FUSELI. HENRY 
A Threatening Head 
35.000 
15.000 
(20,000) 
(20.000) 
AP Narrows GORKY. ARSHILE 
Study after Picasso (Study for Blue Figure in Chair) 
(3YKCM) 
65.000 
45.000 
(20.000) 
(20.000) 
AP Narrows KIRCHNER. ERNST 
LUDWIG 
Kopf Ludwig Schames 
100.000 
80.000 
(20,000) 
(20.000) 
AP Narrows KIRCHNER. ERNST 
LUDWIG 
Die Siesta 
55.000 
35.000 
(20,000) 
(20.000) 
AP Narrows KIRCHNER. ERNST 
LUDWIG 
Billiardspieler 
110.000 
90.000 
(20,000) 
(20.000) 
AP Narrows KLEE, PAUL 
Invention 8 - Perseus (Der Witz hat uber das Leid 
gesiegt) 
90.000 
70.000 
(20,000) 
(20.000) 
AP Narrows KUBIN. ALFRED 
Carnival 
270.000 
250.000 
(20.000) 
(20.000) 
Narrows 
LIN. MAYA 
Silver River - Hudson 
90.000 
70.000 
(20,000) 
(20.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Femme assise dans un fauteuil 
720.000 
700.000 
(20,000) 
(20.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
WIERINGEN. 
CORNELIS CLAESZ. 
VAN 
Seascape (from Paul Russell) 
300.000 
278.187 
(21,813) 
(21.813) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PIJNACKER. ADAM 
Bridge in an Italianate landscape (from Paul 
Russell) 
275.000 
252.897 
(22,103) 
(22.103) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DOOMER. LAMBERT 
Landscape near Arnhem, the Netherlands (from 
Paul Russell) 
250.000 
227.607 
(22,393) 
(22.393) 
APO-01 
DE WAAL. EDMUND 
The city & desire 
150.000 
125.000 
(25,000) 
(25.000) 
AP Narrows EECKHOUT. 
GERBRAND VAN DEN 
A seated African holding a parasol 
725.000 
700.000 
(25,000) 
(25.000) 
AP Narrows ENSOR. JAMES 
La Vengeance de Hop Frog 
125.000 
100.000 
(25,000) 
(25.000) 
Page 40 
EFTA00592267
--- PAGE 41 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
AP Narrows KIRCHNER. ERNST 
LUDWIG 
Stehender Madchenakt mit verschrankten Armen 
50.000 
25.000 
(25,000) 
(25.000) 
AP Narrows KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 1-II. Weib and Tier-Fassung 
275.000 
250.000 
(25,000) 
(25.000) 
LDB 
PARDO. JORGE 
Untitled (set of five glass lamps) 
115.000 
90.000 
(25,000) 
(25.000) 
AP Narrows SCHONGAUER, 
MARTIN 
Virgin and Child on a Grassy Bench 
325.000 
300.000 
(25,000) 
(25.000) 
AP Narrows SMITH. DAVID 
Untitled 
450.000 
425.000 
(25.000) 
(25.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
ASSELIJN. JAN 
Preparatory study for the famous print series 
depicting Rome of G. Perelle no. 4 (from Paul 
Russell) 
330.000 
303.476 
(26,524) 
(26.524) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BEERSTRATEN. JAN 
ABRAHAMSZ 
Untitled (from Paul Russell) 
330.000 
303.476 
(26,524) 
(26.524) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
VENNE. ADRIAEN 
PIETERSZ VAN DE 
Couple (from Paul Russell) 
330.000 
303.476 
(26,524) 
(26.524) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
VISSCHER. 
CORNELIS 
Moor with an Arrow (from Paul Russell) 
330.000 
303.476 
(26,524) 
(26.524) 
AP Narrows BOURDELLE. EMILE- 
ANTOINE 
Penelope 
60.000 
30.000 
(30,000) 
(30.000) 
AP Narrows CONSTABLE, JOHN 
Cloud Study (recto); Suffolk Landscape with a 
Cloudy Sky (verso), 4GWYM 
380.000 
350.000 
(30,000) 
(30.000) 
AP Narrows ENSOR. JAMES 
Mon Ore mort 
100.000 
70.000 
(30.000) 
(30.000) 
AP Narrows KIRCHNER. ERNST 
LUDWIG 
Artistenkind (Hatbakt) 
80.000 
50.000 
(30,000) 
(30.000) 
AP Narrows KIRCHNER. ERNST 
LUDWIG 
Strassenszene mit Omnibus 
60.000 
30.000 
(30,000) 
(30.000) 
AP Narrows KIRCHNER. ERNST 
LUDWIG 
Liegende akt auf dem Sofa 
70.000 
40.000 
(30,000) 
(30.000) 
AP Narrows LA FOSSE. CHARLES 
DE 
A mounted soldier, seen from behind 
430.000 
400.000 
(30,000) 
(30.000) 
Noel Calb 
MATISSE. HENRI 
La Danse 
430.000 
400.000 
(30.000) 
(30.000) 
Narrows 
MENZEL, ADOLPH 
VON 
Christmas Eve 
100.000 
70.000 
(30,000) 
(30.000) 
Narrows 
MILLET. JEAN- 
FRANCOIS 
Study of a reclining female nude or sleeping nude 
(recto): Study of a female nude and studies for a 
portrait (verso) 
280.000 
250.000 
(30,000) 
(30.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Tete de taureau 
630.000 
600.000 
(30,000) 
(30.000) 
Page 41 
EFTA00592268
--- PAGE 42 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CUYP, ALBERT 
Cow (from Paul Russell) 
385.000 
354.056 
(30,944) 
(30.944) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
VELDE. JAN VAN DE 
Landscape (from Paul Russell) 
385.000 
354.056 
(30,944) 
(30.944) 
AP Narrows GIMHONGSOK 
Canine Construction 
125.000 
90.000 
(35,000) 
(35.000) 
AP Narrows KUBIN, ALFRED 
The Volcano 
175.000 
140.000 
(35,000) 
(35.000) 
AP Narrows TWACHTMAN. JOHN 
HENRY 
Irises 
55.000 
20.000 
(35,000) 
(35.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
VELDE. ADRIAEN VAN 
DE 
Two female nudes (from Paul Russell) 
441.000 
404.635 
(36.365) 
(36.365) 
Narrows 
KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Brushstrokes Cut into Thirty-Five Squares and 
Arranged by Chance 
290.000 
250.000 
(40.000) 
(40.000) 
Narrows 
MARIN, JOHN 
From Crotch Isle, Maine 
60.000 
20.000 
(40,000) 
(40.000) 
AP Narrows MASTER ES 
The Virgin with the Rosary on the Crescent 
190.000 
150.000 
(40.000) 
(40.000) 
Narrows 
NOLDE. EMIL 
Segelboat 
60.000 
20.000 
(40,000) 
(40.000) 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Self-Portrait with Plumed Hat and Lowered Sabre 
260.000 
220.000 
(40,000) 
(40.000) 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Diana at the Bath 
220.000 
180.000 
(40,000) 
(40.000) 
Narrows 
RIBOT, THEODULE 
AUGUSTIN 
Les eplucheuses de pommes de terre 
65.000 
25.000 
(40,000) 
(40.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral 
MAES. NICOLAES 
A View on Dordrecht (from Paul Russell) 
496.000 
455.215 
(40,785) 
(40.785) 
AP Narrows DURER. ALBRECHT 
Nemesis - The Great Fortune 
245.000 
200.000 
(45.000) 
(45.000) 
AP Narrows ENSOR. JAMES 
Alimentation doctrinaire: Second Plate 
125.000 
80.000 
(45,000) 
(45.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BOL, FERDINAND 
A View on Dordrecht (from Paul Russell) 
551.000 
505.794 
(45,206) 
(45.206) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOLTZIUS, HENDRIK Goats (recto and verso) (from Paul Russell) 
551.000 
505.794 
(45,206) 
(45.206) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LIEVENS. JAN 
Portrait, probably of the well-known poet Joost van 
den Vondel (from Paul Russell) 
551.000 
505.794 
(45,206) 
(45.206) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
HAARLEM. CORNELIS 
VAN 
Studies of Figures for a Representation of the 
Flood (The Flood. redo: Studies of figures, verso) 
(from Paul Russell) 
606.000 
556.373 
(49,627) 
(49.627) 
AP Narrows BALLA. GIACOMO 
Volo di Rondini 
650.000 
600.000 
(50,000) 
(50.000) 
Page 42 
EFTA00592269
--- PAGE 43 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
LDB 
BOUCHER. 
FRANCOIS 
Sheet of studies of a turbanned head. a foot and 
hands holding a sword and a stick
850.000 
800.000 
(50,000) 
(50.000) 
AP Narrows CHASSERIAU. 
THEODORE 
Petit Coulon hi. feint 
(Jenne algerien 
250.000 
200.000 
(50,000) 
(50.000).
(50.000) 
i
J 
e(verso) 
turcl ue(recto):p 
 pay sage 
APO-01 
GOGH, VINCENT VAN Portrait du Docteur Gachet 
300.000 
250.000 
(50,000) 
AP Narrows INGRES. JEAN- 
AUGUSTE- 
DOMINIQUE 
Mother and child (Study for the 'Martyrdom of Saint 
Symphorien') 
200.000 
150.000 
(50,000) 
(50.000) 
AP Narrows KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Oak 
300.000 
250.000 
(50,000) 
(50.000) 
AP Narrows KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Wild Grape 
300.000 
250.000 
(50,000) 
(50.000) 
AP Narrows KLEE, PAUL 
Invention 5 - Charme 
100.000 
50.000 
(50,000) 
(50.000) 
APO-01 
MAGRITTE. RENE 
Le bain de cristal 
1.800.000 
1.750.000 
(50.000) 
(50.000) 
Promised 
MANET. EDOUARD 
Apres le bain 
200.000 
150.000 
(50,000) 
(50.000) 
2011 LLC 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Verre. pipe et pacquet de tabac 
1.300.000 
1.250.000 
(50.000) 
(50.000) 
Noel Calb 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Etude de personnages (Etude pour 'Composition: 
les Paysans') 
1,300.000 
1,250.000 
(50,000) 
(50.000) 
APO-01 
PIRANESI. GIOVANNI 
BATTISTA 
Invenzioni Capric di Carceri (Imaginary Prisons) 
450.000 
400.000 
(50,000) 
(50.000) 
APO-01 
REDON. ODILON 
L'Araignee 
150.000 
100.000 
(50,000) 
(50.000) 
Narrows 
ROMANO. GIULIO 
(GIULIO PIPPI) 
Satyr crowned with vine leaves 
250.000 
200.000 
(50,000) 
(50.000) 
AP Narrows SACKS. PETER 
Aftermath (Mandela) 
140.000 
90.000 
(50,000) 
(50.000) 
Promised 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Transparency #2 
175.000 
125.000 
(50.000) 
(50.000) 
Promised 
UECKER. GUNTHER 
Chair II 
1.300.000 
1.250.000 
(50,000) 
(50.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
WATTEAU. JEAN- 
ANTOINE 
Landscape. after Campagnola 
550.000 
500.000 
(50,000) 
(50.000) 
AP Narrows ENSOR. JAMES 
Le Combat des pouilleux Deir et Rissole 
125.000 
70.000 
(55,000) 
(55.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KONINCK. PHILIPS 
View of Zijpe (from Paul Russell) 
716.000 
657.532 
(58,468) 
(58.468) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
RUYSDAEL. JACOB 
ISAACKSZ. VAN 
Panoramic view of Wageningen (recto): Sketch of a 
river landscape with boats (verso) (from Paul 
Russell) 
716.000 
657.532 
(58,468) 
(58.468) 
Page 43 
EFTA00592270
--- PAGE 44 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
APO-01 
Artist 
COURBET. GUSTAVE 
Title 
Portrait de Francois Sabatier 
Basis 
130.000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
70.000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
(60,000) 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
(60.000) 
AP Narrows ENSOR. JAMES 
The Entry of Christ into Brussels in 1889 on the 
Day of Mardi Gras 
180.000 
120.000 
(60,000) 
(60.000) 
AP Narrows ENSOR. JAMES 
Le Christ aux Enters 
70.000 
8.000 
(62,000) 
(62.000) 
APO-01 
RODIN. AUGUSTE 
Femme nue 
150.000 
85.000 
(65,000) 
65.000 
AP Narrows SERRA. RICHARD 
Transparency #3 
190.000 
125.000 
(65.000) 
(65.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GHEYN. JACQUES DE Studies of a woman (recto): Studies of hands 
(verso) (from Paul Russell) 
825.000 
758.691 
(66,309) 
(66.309) 
AP Narrows DURER. ALBRECHT 
Saint Anthony reading 
420.000 
350.000 
(70,000) 
(70.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
VIGEE-LE BRUN. 
ELISABETH 
Self-portrait in a feathered hat 
570.000 
500.000 
(70,000) 
(70.000) 
LDB 
ZUCCARO, TADDEO 
A study of a standing male figure, a prophet 
830.000 
760.000 
(70,000) 
(70.000) 
Noel Calb 
BAULE MASK 
Ivory Coast 
1.575.000 
1.500.000 
(75.000) 
(75.000) 
AP Narrows ENSOR. JAMES 
La Belgique au XIXe siecle 
125.000 
50.000 
(75.000) 
(75.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
OSTADE. ADRIAEN 
VAN 
Untitled (from Paul Russell) 
936.000 
859.850 
(76,150) 
(76.150) 
AP Narrows DERAIN. ANDRE 
Paysage avec figures 
430.000 
350.000 
(80,000) 
(80.000) 
APO-01 
GUERCINO. IL 
(GIOVANNI BATISTA 
BARBIERI) 
Landscape 
580.000 
500.000 
(80,000) 
(80.000) 
AP Narrows LEYDEN. LUCAS VAN The Dance of Saint Mary Magdalene 
360.000 
280.000 
(80,000) 
(80.000) 
AP Narrows REDON. ODILON 
A Edgar Poe (3Z3DZ) 
160.000 
80.000 
(80.000) 
(80.000) 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Landscape with an Obelisk 
430.000 
350.000 
(80,000) 
(80.000) 
AP Narrows WESSELMANN. TOM Nude with Floral Wall (Large. Black) 
385.000 
300.000 
(85,000) 
(85.000) 
AP Narrows HECKEL. ERICH 
Mannerbildnis 
240.000 
150.000 
(90,000) 
(90.000) 
Narrows 
MONET. CLAUDE 
Les nympheas avec saule 
340.000 
250.000 
(90,000) 
(90.000) 
AP Narrows BAROCCI. FEDERICO Head of a young girl 
700.000 
600.000 
(100,000) 
(100.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
FRAGONARD. JEAN- 
HONORE 
Lite 
(La Fête a Rambouillet) 
2,600.000 
2,500.000 
(100,000) 
(100.000) 
Page 44 
EFTA00592271
--- PAGE 45 ---
ALL ART - 3119/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
LDB 
GERARD. BARON 
FRANCOIS PASCAL 
SIMON 
Cupid and Psyche 
200.000 
100.000 
(100,000) 
(100.000) 
APO-01 
GERICAULT. 
THEODORE 
Lion devouring a horse 
400.000 
300.000 
(100,000) 
(100.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
INGRES. JEAN- 
AUGUSTE-
DOMINIQUE 
Portrait de Mlle. Jeannette Hayard 
1.100.000 
1.000.000 
(100.000) 
(100.000) 
Narrows 
REDON. ODILON 
Dans le (eve 
200.000 
100.000 
(100.000) 
(100.000) 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Adoration of the Shepherds with the Lamp 
(7XFLR) 
750.000 
650.000 
(100,000) 
(100.000) 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Three Trees 
700.000 
600.000 
(100,000) 
(100.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SCHIELE, EGON 
Sitzender Akt mit lila Strilimplen 
3.100.000 
3.000.000 
(100,000) 
(100.000) 
AP Narrows BECKMANN. MAX 
Bei der Toilette 
150.000 
45.000 
(105,000) 
(105.000) 
Narrows 
BONINGTON. 
RICHARD PARKES 
Landscape with Harvesters at Sunset 
135.000 
30.000 
(105,000) 
(105.000) 
APO-01 
PIRANESI. GIOVANNI 
BATTISTA 
Study of a standing man seen from behind 
260.000 
150.000 
(110,000) 
(110.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
AVERCAMP. HENDRIK Ice Scene (from Paul Russell) 
1,377.000 
1,264.485 
(112,515) 
(112.515) 
AP Narrows DURER. ALBRECHT 
Coat of Arms with a Skull 
470.000 
350.000 
(120.000) 
(120.000) 
Noel Calb 
GOYA. FRANCISCO 
DE 
Los Proverbios 
200.000 
80.000 
(120,000) 
(120.000) 
Noel Calb 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Autoportrait, 1900-05 (3XJGY) 
270.000 
150.000 
(120,000) 
(120.000) 
AP Narrows RUSCHA. ED 
Egg 
570.000 
450.000 
(120,000) 
(120.000) 
LDB 
ZUCCARO. TADDEO 
A Bacchic procession with drunken Silenus 
370.000 
250.000 
(120.000) 
(120.000) 
Noel Calb 
KLEE. PAUL 
Frauenponrait in Rot (Bertha) 
1.375.000 
1.250.000 
(125.000) 
(125.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REDON. ODILON 
Sujet allegorique (David et Goliath) 
475.000 
350.000 
(125.000) 
(125.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
STIMMER, TOBIAS 
Saul Threatening David with a Spear 
2.000.000 
1.875.000 
(125.000) 
(125.000) 
Page 45 
EFTA00592272
--- PAGE 46 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Own:r 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
Art::: 
POUSSIN, NICOLAS 
T:::H 
Phedre amoureuse et Pegase. 
['antique 
EtHas 
730.000 
HliFt:HTHH: 
HHI:::::pray:sed 
WILIH 
OH 
plifilH.SH pr'::: H 
HHH.s Har 
600.000 
Urny::::Hd 
Han:Los: 
(130,000) 
Urnyn::::cl Han 
Urny::::Hcl 
Lis:: 
(130.000) 
AP Narrows BALDUNG. HANS 
Group of Seven Horses 
185.000 
50.000 
(135,000) 
(135.000) 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. 
ALBERTO 
Jean-Paul Sartre 
385.000 
250.000 
(135,000) 
(135.000) 
APO-01 
RUNGE. PHILIPP 
OTTO (AFTER) 
The Four Times of the Day 
385.000 
250.000 
(135,000) 
(135.000) 
AP Narrows MASTER M. 
A Tournament 
325.000 
180.000 
(145.000) 
(145.000) 
AP Narrows SCHINKEL. KARL 
FRIEDRICH 
Gothic Church behind Trees 
325.000 
180.000 
(145,000) 
(145.000) 
APO-01 
BONTECOU. LEE 
Untitled 
500.000 
350.000 
(150,000) 
(150.000) 
AP Narrows RAUSCHENBERG. 
ROBERT 
Spring Clearance 
450.000 
300.000 
(150,000) 
(150.000) 
Noel Calb 
GOYA. FRANCISCO 
DE 
Los Desastres de la Guerra 
275.000 
120.000 
(155.000) 
(155.000) 
AP Narrows ZHANG HUAN 
Broomcorn Field (from the Memory Door series) 
200.000 
45.000 
(155,000) 
(155.000) 
AP Narrows ZHANG HUAN 
Handicraftsman (from the Memory Door series) 
200.000 
45.000 
(155,000) 
(155.000) 
AP Narrows ZHANG HUAN 
Stairs (from the Memory Door series) 
200.000 
45.000 
(155,000) 
(155.000) 
AP Narrows KUBIN, ALFRED 
Der Schwarm 
300.000 
140.000 
(160,000) 
(160.000) 
AP Narrows KLIMT. GUSTAV 
Liegende mit angewinkelten Armen 
345.000 
175.000 
(170.000) 
(170.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PIRANESI. GIOVANNI 
BATTISTA 
Architectural fantasy with a colossal obelisk 
870.000 
700.000 
(170,000) 
(170.000) 
AP Narrows ROBERT. HUBERT 
The Stairs of the Farnese villa at Caprarola 
385.000 
200.000 
(185,000) 
(185.000) 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Landscape with three gabled Cottages beside a 
Road 
540.000 
350.000 
(190,000) 
(190.000) 
AP Narrows CONSTABLE. JOHN 
Cloud Study. 69KCZ 
600.000 
400.000 
(200,000) 
(200.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DELACROIX. EUGENE Portrait de Schmareck. tanneur a Tanger - Janvier 
1832 
800.000 
600.000 
(200,000) 
(200.000) 
AP Narrows DUCHAMP. MARCEL 
de ou par Marcel Duchamp ou Rrose Selavy (La 
Boite-en-valise) (Series A): Untitled 
3,200.000 
3.000.000 
(200,000) 
(200.000) 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. 
ALBERTO 
Paire de chenets a boule 
300.000 
100.000 
(200,000) 
(200.000) 
Page 46 
EFTA00592273
--- PAGE 47 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain/Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Unrealized 
Loss 
APO-01 
LORRAIN. CLAUDE 
(CLAUDE GELLEE) 
A wooded landscape 
6,700.000 
6,500.000 
(200,000) 
(200.000) 
AP Narrows MASTER ES 
The Letter 'M' from: The Figure Alphabet 
1.000.000 
800.000 
(200,000) 
(200.000) 
APO-01 
MUNCH. EDVARD 
Evening. Melancholy I 
1.700.000 
1.500.000 
(200,000) 
(200.000) 
APO-01 
PERUZZI. 
BALDESSARE 
Allegory with an Mist 
2,000.000 
1,800.000 
(200,000) 
(200.000) 
APO-01 
REDON. ODILON 
Les epines rouges 
1.200.000 
1.000.000 
(200.000) 
(200.000) 
Noel Calb 
RICKEY. GEORGE 
Triple L Excentric Gyratory Gyratory 
700.000 
500.000 
(200,000) 
(200.000) 
APO-01 
RUBENS. SIR PETER 
PAUL 
Samson and Delilah 
5.700.000 
5.500.000 
(200.000) 
(200.000) 
APO-01 
SCHIELE, EGON 
Stadt am blauen Fluss (Krumau) 
3,200.000 
3,000.000 
(200,000) 
(200.000) 
2011 LLC 
WATTEAU, JEAN- 
ANTOINE 
Study of a seated woman 
1,400.000 
1,200.000 
(200,000) 
(200.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
WRIGHT OF DERBY. 
JOSEPH 
A Grotto in the Gulf of Salerno, Morning: A Grotto 
in the Gulf of Salerno. Evening 
1.400.000 
1.200.000 
(200,000) 
(200.000) 
Narrows 
GAUGUIN. PAUL 
Te Faruru (Here we love) 
520.000 
300.000 
(220,000) 
(220.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral 
CARRACCI. 
ANNIBALE 
A Young Man lying on his back in a landscape 
2,525.000 
2,300.000 
(225,000) 
(225.000) 
Narrows 
DAUMIER. HONORE 
L'amateur 
315.000 
70.000 
(245.000) 
(245.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KLEE, PAUL 
Was fehlt ihm? 
4,250.000 
4,000.000 
(250,000) 
(250.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MICHELANGELO 
The head and torso of a man looking down to the 
left/Study of his left shoulder and two studies of his 
right shoulder (recto): The musculature of the hip 
and thigh of the right leg/architectural profile (verso) 
5,250.000 
5,000.000 
(250,000) 
(250.000) 
AP Narrows PRUD'HON. PIERRE- 
PAUL 
Portrait de Madame Pearl de Saint-Gilles 
450.000 
200.000 
(250,000) 
(250.000) 
AP Narrows PURYEAR. MARTIN 
Untitled (work hanging on wall) (7SLW4) 
2,000.000 
1.750.000 
(250,000) 
(250.000) 
Noel Calb 
PURYEAR. MARTIN 
Untitled (work on floor). 6356900 
1,500.000 
1.250.000 
(250,000) 
(250.000) 
AP Narrows VALDES. MANOLO 
Ariadna I 
700.000 
450.000 
(250.000) 
(250.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CUYP. ALBERT 
Preparatory study for Albert Cuyp painting in 
Dulwich College, England (from Paul Russell) 
3.085.000 
2.832.446 
(252,554) 
(252.554) 
Noel Calb 
RICKEY. GEORGE 
Two Lines Up Excentric - Twelve Feet 
760.000 
500.000 
(260,000) 
(260.000) 
AP Narrows ZHANG HUAN 
Ash Skull No. 14 
350.000 
90.000 
(260,000) 
(260.000) 
AP Narrows KLIMT. GUSTAV 
Liegende nach rechts 
570.000 
300.000 
(270.000) 
(270.000) 
AP Narrows REDON. ODILON 
Beatrice 
870.000 
600.000 
(270,000) 
(270.000) 
Page 47 
EFTA00592274
--- PAGE 48 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
HliFt:HT:::: 
:HUH 
OH 
pUHH0H.SH H3H:HH H 
Unr:rt::::cl 
Unr::::::d 
AP Narrows NOLDE. EMIL 
Junges Paar (73LR3) 
525.000 
250.000 
(275,000) 
(275.000) 
Narrows 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Taureau et cheval 
470.000 
175.000 
(295.000) 
(295.000) 
Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Self Portrait 
500.000 
200.000 
(300.000) 
(300.000) 
Promised 
JOHNS, JASPER 
Untitled 
2,700.000 
2.400.000 
(300,000) 
(300.000) 
Noel Calb 
KLEE. PAUL 
Chinesische II 
1.300.000 
1.000.000 
300.000 
300.000 
Noel Calb 
KLEE, PAUL 
Exotische Flusslandschaft 
1.300.000 
1.000.000 
(300,000) 
(300.000) 
AP Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LORRAIN. CLAUDE 
(CLAUDE GELLEE) 
View of Civitavecchia with a Draughtsman and 
Figures: View of Santa Marinella with Riders on 
Horseback^ 
2.300.000 
2.000,000 
(300.000) 
(300.000) 
APO-01 
RYMAN. ROBERT 
Versions X 
1,300.000 
1,000.000 
(300,000) 
(300.000) 
Noel Calb 
SEURAT. GEORGES 
Cavalier sur une route 
1,575.000 
1,250.000 
(325,000) 
(325.000) 
APO-01 
MARDEN. BRICE 
Untitled 
1.600.000 
1.250.000 
350.000 
350.000 
AP Narrows REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Jan Uytenbogaert, Preacher of the Remonstrants 
435.000 
85.000 
(350,000) 
(350.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
TINTORETTO 
(JACOPO ROBUSTI) 
Study of male nude lying on the ground 
860.000 
500.000 
(360,000) 
(360.000) 
AP Narrows SCHLEMMER. OSKAR Drei am Gelander 
1,225.000 
850.000 
(375,000) 
(375.000) 
AP Narrows GUERCINO. IL 
(GIOVANNI BATISTA 
BARBIERI) 
Reclining nude youth seen from behind 
1,400.000 
1,000.000 
(400,000) 
(400.000) 
AP Narrows KAPOOR. ANISH 
Untitled 
1.650.000 
1.250.000 
(400,000) 
(400.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KLEE, PAUL 
WI (In Memoriam) 
2.400.000 
2.000.000 
(400,000) 
(400.000) 
AP Narrows MASTER ES 
The Letter V' from: The Figure Alphabet 
1.000.000 
600.000 
(400,000) 
(400.000) 
AP Narrows MASTER ES 
The Letter "C from: The Figure Alphabet 
1.000.000 
600.000 
(400.000) 
(400.000) 
APO-01 
KLINE. FRANZ 
Untitled 
600.000 
175.000 
(425,000) 
(425.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REMBRANDT 
HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Josef pulled out of the well by his brothers (from 
Paul Russell) 
5.000.000 
4.552.145 
(447,855) 
(447.855) 
LDB 
CARRACCI. 
LUDOVICO 
St. John the Evangelist 
950.000 
500.000 
(450,000) 
(450.000) 
Noel Calb 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Adam and Eve 
1.200.000 
750.000 
(450.000) 
(450.000) 
AP Narrows ALTDORFER. 
ALBRECHT 
A Landscape with two Pine Trees in the Center 
540.000 
80.000 
(460,000) 
(460.000) 
Page 48 
EFTA00592275
--- PAGE 49 ---
ALL ART - 3/19/17 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
511:16 appraised 
value 
or 
purchase price + 
Unrealized 
Unrealized 
sales tax 
Gain Loss 
Unrealized Gain 
Loss 
EFTA00592276
--- PAGE 50 ---
EFTA00592277
--- PAGE 51 ---
EFTA00592278

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592279.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dale 
Description 1 
Description 2 
TOTAL 
NO SALES TAX 
BRONZES 
NO SALES TAX 
FINE ART 
NO SALES TAX NO SALES TAX 
ADD'L 
JEWELRY 
0945 
NO SALES TAX 
SALES TAX 
NARROWS 
2/12/2014 Gisela Croes 
Bronze 
Fine Art 
2.722.138.49 
2.722.138.49 
2/21/2014 JAR'S 
Jewelry 
417060.00 
417.060.00 
1/5/2014 JAR'S 
Jewelry 
93411.40 
93411.40 
3/1912014 Hotel des Ventes 
Le Brun 
Fine Art 
521106.40 
521106.40 
4/162014 Chrislies 
Ensors 
Fine Art 
280566.07 
280566.07 
6152014 DeBayser 
Gerard 
Fine Art 
179.218.00 
179.218.00 
7/7/2014 Gisela Croes 
Bronze 
Fine Art 
231000.00 
231.000.00 
7/7/2014 Gisela Croes 
Bronze 
Fine Art 
484.000.00 
484.000.00 
7/82014 JAR'S 
Jewelry 
110.256.00 
110.256.00 
7/82014 JAR'S 
Jewelry 
172300.00 
171300.00 
7/82014 JAR'S 
Jewelry 
261.858.00 
261.858.00 
7/82014 JAR'S 
Jewelry 
376357.80 
376.357.80 
7/12/2014 N. Stodgon 
Various 
Fine Art 
2.900.040.00 
2.900.040.00 
7/14/2014 Profiles in History 
Books 
Fine Art 
147.660.00 
147%60.00 
7/17/2014 Gisele Croes 
Bronze 
Fine Art 
500.000.00 
500.000.00 
7/26/2014 Christie's 
Slimmer 
Fine Art 
1.875.000.00 
1.875.000.00 
9:15r2014 Delatande 
Canes 
Fine Art 
165.036.50 
165.036.50 
W17/2014 BoleIla 
Lamps 
Fine Art 
649350.00 
64%750.00 
10./6/2014 Phillips 
Light 
Fine Art 
226566.82 
10/7/2014 Cartier 
Jewelry 
124433.23 
124.43123 
1014/2014 Gisele Croes 
Bronze 
Fine Art 
1.566.430.00 
1.566.430.00 
1027/2014 Delatande 
Cane - Opium 
Fine Art 
25.832.00 
11/13/2014 Christie's 
Jewelry 
3.664.241.16 
3.664.241.16 
11/14/2014 Kunstharcllung 
Rembranl 8 Schongauer 
Fine Art 
98%710.00 
98%710.00 
11/14/2014 JAR'S 
Jewelry 
118.655.00 
118.655.00 
11/14/2014 JAR'S 
Jewelry 
970000.00 
970.000.00 
12/82014 Alex Vervoot 
Furniture 
Fine Art 
109.679.33 
109.679.33 
3/1912014 Christie's 
Le Christ Aux Enters (Christ in Embers) 
65%87.37 
65%87.37 
3/262014 Christie's - Paris 
La Vierge en Parnoison Secouvre par Les Sainte: 
273462.40 
273462.40 
12/31/2014 Christie's 
Mars and Venus 
222.718.65 
222.718.65 
12/31/2014 Christie's 
Marcus 
53378.85 
53378.85 
SEE DETAIL 
APO 1 - NARROWS 
36.434.362.70 
5.503.568.49 
7.816.766.30 
6.308.572.59 
615.547.27 
36.434.362.70 
8.8750% 
8.8750% 
8.8750% 
8.8750% 
8.8750% 
488441.70 
691738.01 
559.88582 
54.629.82 
3.233.549.69 
TO BE PAID BY APO 1 
BRONZES 
488441.70 
FINE ART 
691738.01 
apo 1 
1.255.717.27 
JEWELRY 
559%85.82 
apo 2 
261.812.50 
FINE ART 
54%29.82 
PAID BY LOB 
1.796.695.35 
ITEMS PURCHASED IN 2014 FOR WHICH NO SALES TAX WAS COLLECTED AT SALE 
APRIL 6 2015 
EFTA00592279
--- PAGE 2 ---
APO1 / NARROWS 
ART SOLD IN 2014 
COST 
• Fragonard - Port Francois-Henri 
$ 
28,058,081 
• Barocci - Christ blessing angel 
$ 
6,400,000 
• Barocci - Head of young Girl 
658,761 
• Guercino - Reclining Nude Youth 
$ 
1,317,521 
$ 
36,434,363 
EFTA00592280

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592281.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592281.pdf
----------------------------------------
ID rask Name 
Duraban 
Start 
RnIsh 
• 
Mae'(
May8,1 I 
May15, 'Il 
I May 22, Il 
I Mat 29 Il 
I Jun 5,11 
I Jun 12/11 
I. 
:g ilT7ftN1 T1 IF is :grav
IWIT1 IFIS 
MIT WITIFIS 99AiT ANTIFISISPAITMATIFISISPAITMATIF ISISIMITIVATIF ISISIMITIVATIF IS! 
iie
wie
mi•
U 
benign t Solution 
15days 
Yen 4/18/11 
Fd 5/6/11 
i 
i 
See design 
days 
Mon 4/18111 
Fri &si i 
See drains 
days 
Mon 4/18/11 
Fri 5841 
Site lighting 
days 
Mon 018/11 
Frl &Gill 
I 
i 
i~p--i--
o 
Rabat 
days 
Mon 4/18/11 
Fri «an I 
Shower enckeure 
days 
Mon 4/18/11 
Fri SM I 
PlurnOing lindras 
days 
Mon 4/18111 
Fri SM I 
• 
i
i
ElectrIcal lidas 
days 
Mon 4/18/11 
Fri &Gill 
Peking / Ordning 
days 
mon 4/18/11 
Fil 8/17/11 t 
i
i
See design 
days 
Mon Milt 1 
Fri 5,27/1 I 
Pooltik 
days 
Mon 4/18111 
Wed ornn i 
Site dräps 
days 
Mon 59/11 
Fri 8110'11 : 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
Und ale 
days 
Mon 4/18111 
Fri 5,20/11 i 
i 
i 
i 
See lighting 
SO days 
Mon W11 
Fri 8/17/1 I 
I 
I 
IB 
Rabat 
days 
Mon 4/25111 
Fri %HI 
CMU 
days 
Mon 018/11 
Fri 4/22/11 i
i 
Doorafternes/Shusers 
days 
Mon 4/18/11 
Fri 5,27111 
Inleder doors 
days 
Mon 4/18/11 
Fri 8427/11 
. 
Finish hardware 
days 
Mon 4/18111 
Fri 5,27/11 
• 
Reol Parning 
days 
Mon 4118/11 
Fri %/1I 
Molins essembly 
days 
Mon 4/18111 
Fri 5113111 
Upper queen 
days 
Mon 4/18/11 
Fri 5/13/11 
Shower enclosure 
days 
Mon Stlitl 1 
Frl &Yl I 
Coral floodng 
days 
Mon 4/18111 
Fri 5420,11 
Vanly/Tops 
days 
Mon 4/1811 
Fri 5,27/11 I__ 
I 
• 
Plumbing listas 
days 
Mon 59/11 
Fd arm i 
I 
• 
AC Systems 
SO days 
Mon 411541 
Fri 5,27/1 I 
' 
. 
Elen:tal Sames 
days 
Mon 5/9/11 
Fri 8/17/II i 
Rulett. Procurernere MaInHouse 18Ap 
Date. Mon 4/18,11 
Task 
SA•810110 
• 
Eslagnai Taska 
ii
i 
smit 
n imm 'Hmw 'Hmw i tt., 
Sunes:arv 
EX•flial Mikeitle • 
Progress 
Projed Summary 
V 
Deadline 
e. 
Page 1 
EFTA00592281

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592282.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592282.pdf
----------------------------------------
MgniS 2 822222222
122,12,,
cbrA2 7 7 : : 7 O *, . 4 C. U. a 
W N+" 
g 
Electrical fixtures 
L Plumbing finites 
L Kitchen equipment 
—I 
Shower enclosure 
Finish hardware 
wasn't 1001d 
I 
r 
Site lighting 
Trench drain 
rising / Ordering 
Numbing fixtures 
E Cabinets 1 Tops 
L
Bathroom the 
Design /Selection 
Site lighting 
Pool tiles 
Roof tiles 
Task Name 
Task 
ti 
Milestone 
• 
External Tasks 
' 
Split 
Summary 
I•p 
External Milestone 4 
Progress 
Project Summary 
V 
Deadline 
• • 
Mon aianfl 
Mon 4/1IEVI I 
Mon 4/1IEVI I 
Fri 4129/I II 
Thu 412&'I 
Finish 
ga 
r O 
m a 
A.
0‘
g f 
I 
g 
i 
ell' 
I Uzi 
• 
g' 
;
F 
m
i 
U' 
f . 
2a 
S it 
U
m 
i s
F 
3g 
I
I
a a 
P" 
' 
w g 
(9 
i _. 
I 
R i 
I 
888828G888 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
8aaRrn-.. r,,s8a 
r..-
1111111111111 
r..- r..- r..- rn- rn- r.- r.. N
in- col 
ii)
t.
..„, 
g 
FIFEEEFEEEEFFFFIFEgi 
i
iiii
ii
"&
i t i "
_Q____
__QQQQ 
W
Qn 
e RRRR 
. - 
e 
- 
e 
- 
e 
- 
LLL 
0 0 
&Lt. 
W 
R ! 
:" 
er,eije
— ee;es 
:I-Its :1100
;S
:" :". T m 11. T 21
7":4
7":4
m 
P2 
:C; 
21e 2
m 
fi
TIZI ZI
M 
eee 
i di 
.4 
0.0.0.0.0.0.0.
0.0..
e 0.0. 
f 
 TITITITITITI 
il il al
rd 
i 
Tim 
g £' 
7-
1.-_.. 
R
ros_ 
-'-' 
7ccnz 
if 
;_. 
,•:-. 
x
KA 
vo.
‘'-: 
ca - i - 
Er' 
- i : : 
i 15
":.• 
—tea 
—7 -; 
-Ti 
VI' 
co c.. 
t'S 
-i 
rs 
w - 
7—
;7 
- - - 
_ 
- - 
- 
• • - - 
- 
[ 
---  
__ 
____ -- 
_ 
4 
-  
- 
I T4- 4-4-1-1-T 
- - -  
— 
---- 
-.-.-  
_ 
EFTA00592282

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592283.pdf
----------------------------------------
.1 . 3 
t644*.C..0 930. 
%st 
1.9.0.•
0a.e. 
sp. 
tibatfiri 
...r. 
HUM 
nnsnil 
- -M—d-/S/Ltal~lnlialnandinnanliekinnlånand 
T~ 
Ha. 
VnaY.l 
-i 
fallil 
^
I
I 
I 
X. 
Caltin 
• 
Un 44411 
X I <ni 
. 
.....e. 
nn *n 
Un a• 
scon 
•••• 
••• 
14x...,•. 
n.... 
lx...r..... 
na 
N.la.l 
n0111 
• 
°a.. 
X 4,4 
Vin allo I 
ro I. %X 
'V 
0Inin N 
0~ 
Ve 
ib., 
NYA 
X.,444.1 
n. o I X I 
i 
X 
'X 
lanfra~ 
tbx 
V. 4,4 0 
X [XI 
• 
0~. 
0~ 
Ve
I
e, 
XX 
it 
Cabin nya 
A.10. 
V. 4,4 0 
X Ilki 
I 
i 
II~In
ix
imi 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
a 
CX 
Y 
11.1~•••• 
0~ 
NxiilliT 
X 
AC Fyn 
»d.. 
V. 4,4 0 
røra,' 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
p. 
4, 
ciatannme 
MC.. 
V. 4,4 0 
X4114 
q 
I 
~X 
N 4In. ~XIX 
?nitti 
I" 
lå 
~Ib 
PrIrd• 
unn* it 
~i 
al. 
un...sunne 
»lyn 
Ve ~IT 
X 
XX X* ow 
fl ir 
Vin »XI 
n. SCOI I 
X 
/0141.4k roe 
511.14” 
Vin &XII' 
IN 4X -I 
104•.• 
XXX** 
NOV. M•111,11 
X 
•••••• 
thyr 
~spil 
ngen I 
1.
1~
1.». 
~ras 
Wlax 
~Ia 
X falsi 
A 
Gnr...nag 
15~ 
XXIX« 
IX,' 
0% 
Owe. 
Nar 
_nu 
rs man 
new. 
t~w11
X 
iiiiiami• 
.1.14x 
14~ 
ISFX4X 4 
1.~. 
5•01 
~Slø 
Y 
Onnan• 
IX gioX 
~XXXI 
Poolen 
" 
n *n 
svann 
f•••••11 
1/4~1:14U 
11~ 
Vin 4‘• 0 
XXXI 
X 
~i xs exa. 
.1.104 
~40 
n• 4 Ill 
X 
M4.. 
Nar 
Vin fatel I 
n01011 I,
ra 
Gror ~P. 
ura 
ve, nn ( 
04•1111 
at 
IX stu åen 
]t4. 
linasxf 
runn 
4, 
Ø/w 
nar 
us, 4, 3,11 
XXXI 
r... 
ra 
Case i iii hi 
&d4. Vin X Ini 
n1, 114 
1~i~ 
~Mfl, 
~7,0 ,I 
. - 
14...inn 
e 
/vinn, 
~e 
San 
~ra« 
n 401 
X
n.iV.irr 
/Syl 
~I% 
ir 
XXII 
10~ 
ON 
~XX» 
3.14”A
Vin•ail I 
~i 0IVII 
$5 an 
X 
~ein XI 
Id 4,4 
hannant 
[onn 
.1.
4.• 
Odar 
Ta nr 
0% 
11~.440..• 
fl ir 
~M.M 
W•• ~I 
I 
at 
LI 
Cabin •Tien 
ty. 
hannant 
X »i 
4.w..• 
a Oix 
nini nr 
9% 
Pa 
ri 
~nam« 
1.391 •••• mene 
Mnal- 
inn!~ 
44~ 
Tu7alf 
~bild 
X 
InMO5.4 
111 
unnt« 
IR 
s, 
~y
tt .' 
ny. 
ni inn e 
~nil 
åen.. 
St.. 
— MO 
041•I 
a, 
Orebb~ 
XXX 
~Ialt 
./.4 
. 
un 
ar,”" 
tir" 
gan 
P 
Omn/ net 
OYA 
nv• e, e 
NY.IINI. 
. n n 
n. 
I.
. 
nMON.I 
MObll 
...-~ 
~XXX 
XXIX XX 
DS ~lalla I I 
max.= 
................ 
0~ 
C 
MW 
1.8 
ert 
Gab.144 ~n 
Lav/ XX., •1111111.1.1.11111 
X*0~4. 
•
II 
• 
in n toonntol 
~søk 
b ia 
tael~ 
Ort•IfIl 
iiiiiiiiiiiiiinii 
~ta 
• 
Lente 
•,
•• 
t.....Tras 
—I 
EFTA00592283

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592284.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592284.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXHIBIT B 
EFTA00592284
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 186-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010 Page 1 of 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800)OOCXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
and L.M., individually, 
Defendants, 
ANSWER AND COUNTERCLAIM OF DEFENDANT, BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Defendant, BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, by and through his undersigned 
attorneys files his Answer and Counterclaim to the Complaint filed by Plaintiff, JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN, in the above-styled matter on December 7, 2009 as follows: 
ANSWER 
GENERAL ALLEGATIONS 
1. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 1 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
2. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits the allegations contained in Paragraph 2. 
3. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits the allegations contained in Paragraph 3. 
4. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits the allegations contained in Paragraph 4. 
EFTA00592285
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 186-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010 Page 2 of 
Epstein v. Rothstein: Answer and Counterclaim of Edwards 
Page 2 of 16 
5. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 5 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
6. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits that he is an individual residing in Broward 
County, Florida and is licensed to practice law in the State of Florida, otherwise Defendant, 
EDWARDS, denies the balance of the allegations contained in Paragraph 6 and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
7. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits that Defendant, L.M. is an individual residing in 
Palm Beach County, Florida represented by RRA and EDWARDS in a civil lawsuit against 
Epstein, and is now represented by EDWARDS but no longer represented by RRA. Otherwise 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the balance of the allegations contained in Paragraph 7 including 
but not limited to the allegation that L.M. was ever represented by ROTHSTEIN and demands 
strict proof thereof. 
8. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits that non-party RRA was a Florida Professional 
Service Corporation, with a principal address of 401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1650, Ft. 
Lauderdale, FL 33401, and it conducted business and filed lawsuits on behalf of clients in Palm 
Beach County, Florida; however, RRA never filed a lawsuit on behalf of L.M., nor did it file 
lawsuits on behalf of other victims against EPSTEIN. Those lawsuits were filed by EDWARDS 
prior to any association with or knowledge of RRA. Otherwise Defendant, EDWARDS, denies 
the balance of the allegations contained in Paragraph 8 and demands strict proof thereof. 
EFTA00592286
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 186-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010 Page 3 of 
Epstein v. Rothstein: Answer and Counterclaim of Edwards 
Page 3 of 16 
9. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 9 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
10. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits that RRA held itself out as legitimately and 
properly engaging in the practice of law, otherwise Defendant, EDWARDS is without 
knowledge to either admit or deny the balance of the allegations contained in Paragraph 10 and 
thereby denies these allegations and demands strict proof thereof. 
11. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 11 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
12. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 12 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
13. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 13 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
14. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 14 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
15. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 15 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
EFTA00592287
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 186-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010 Page 4 of 
Epstein v. Rothstein: Answer and Counterclaim of Edwards 
Page 4 of 16 
16. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 16 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
17. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits the allegations contained in Paragraph 17. 
18. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 18 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
19. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 19 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
20. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 20 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
21. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 21 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
22. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 22 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
23. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits that the identity of claimants against Epstein was 
shielded through the use of initials. All other allegations of Paragraph 23 are denied and 
Defendant demands strict proof thereof. 
EFTA00592288
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 186-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010 Page 5 of 
Epstein v. Rothstein: Answer and Counterclaim of Edwards 
Page 5 of 16 
24. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits that he represented claimants against Epstein on 
behalf of RRA. All other allegations of Paragraph 24 are denied and Defendant demands strict 
proof thereof. 
25. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 25 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
26. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 26 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
27. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 27 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
28. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 28 except that EDWARDS admits the evidence against 
Epstein was, in fact, real. 
29. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 29 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
30. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 30 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
31. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 31 except that EDWARDS specifically denies that he 
engaged in or had knowledge of any of the alleged unethical or illegal conduct. 
EFTA00592289
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 186-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010 Page 6 of 
Epstein v. Rothstein: Answer and Counterclaim of Edwards 
Page 6 of 16 
32. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 32 except that EDWARDS specifically denies that he 
engaged in or had knowledge of any of the alleged unethical or illegal conduct. 
33. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 33 except that EDWARDS specifically denies that he 
engaged in or had knowledge of any of the alleged unethical or illegal conduct. 
34. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 34 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
35. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 35 except that EDWARDS specifically denies that he 
engaged in or had knowledge of any of the alleged unethical or illegal conduct. 
36. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits that he deposed three of Epstein's pilots, and 
sought the deposition of a fourth pilot, otherwise Defendant denies the balance of the allegations 
of Paragraph 36 and demands strict proof thereof. 
37. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 37 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
38. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits the allegations contained in Paragraph 38, except 
that EDWARDS denies that he sought to subpoena Tommy Mattola. 
EFTA00592290
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 186-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010 Page 7 of 
Epstein v. Rothstein: Answer and Counterclaim of Edwards 
Page 7 of 16 
39. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 39 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
40. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits the allegations contained in Paragraph 40. 
41. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 41 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
42. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 42 (a) and 
(b) and demands strict proof thereof. Defendant, EDWARDS, admits that he, Berger and Russell 
Adler (another named partner in RRA) all attended Epstein's deposition, otherwise Defendant, 
EDWARDS, denies the balance of the allegations contained in Paragraph 42 (c). Defendant, 
EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 42 (d) and demands strict proof 
thereof. Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 42 (e) and 
demands strict proof thereof, except that EDWARDS admits that he addressed the Court on July 
31, 2009, and the best evidence of the content of his statements is the official transcript of that 
proceeding. Defendant, EDWARDS, admits that he filed a Motion for Injunction Restraining 
Fraudulent Transfer of Assets, Appointment of a Receiver to Take Charge of Property of 
Epstein, and to Post a $15 million Bond to Secure Potential Judgment, in Jane Doe v. Epstein, 
Case No. 08-CV-80893-Marra/Johnson. The motion was reported in the press. Defendant, 
EDWARDS, admits that the motion was denied. The balance of the allegations contained in 
Paragraph 42 (f) are denied and Defendant demands strict proof thereof. Defendant, 
EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the allegations contained in Paragraph 
(g) and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict proof thereof. Defendant, 
EFTA00592291
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 186-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010 Page 8 of 
Epstein v. Rothstein: Answer and Counterclaim of Edwards 
Page 8 of 16 
EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 42 (h) and demands strict proof 
thereof. Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 42 (i) and 
demands strict proof thereof. Defendant, EDWARDS, admits the allegations contained in 
Paragraph 42 (j). Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 42 (k) and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. Defendant, EDWARDS, admits that they knew what it said and they knew the 
civil provisions in the agreement had no impact whatsoever on the three pending Civil Actions. 
The concept behind certain civil provisions in the NPA was to allow an alleged victim to resolve 
a civil claim with Epstein, maintain her complete privacy and anonymity and move on with her 
life, otherwise, Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
balance of the allegations contained in Paragraph 42 (1) and therefore denies the balance of the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 42 (1) and demands strict proof thereof. 
43. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 43 and thereby denies these allegations and demands strict 
proof thereof. 
44. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 44 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
45. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 45 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
46. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 46 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
EFTA00592292
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 186-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010 Page 9 of 
Epstein v. Rothstein: Answer and Counterclaim of Edwards 
Page 9 of 16 
47. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits that 
gave a sworn taped statement to the 
FBI and a subsequent deposition in the civil proceedings. The best evidence of the content of 
these statements is the transcript of each. 
48. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 48 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
49. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 49 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
50. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 50 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
51. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 51 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
52. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 52 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
53. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 53 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
Count I—Violation of $$772.101, et seq., Fla. Stat.—Florida Civil Remedies for Criminal 
Practices Act—Against All Defendants 
54. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits or denies the allegations contained in Paragraphs 
1-53 as previously set forth herein. 
55. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 55 and 
demands strict proof thereof 
EFTA00592293
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 186-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010 Page 10 of 
Epstein v. Rothstein: Answer and Counterclaim of Edwards 
Page 10 of 16 
56. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, 
demands strict proof thereof. 
57. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, 
demands strict proof thereof. 
58. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, 
demands strict proof thereof 
59. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, 
demands strict proof thereof. 
Count II—Florida RICO—"Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act" 
Pursuant to §§895.01, et seq., Fla. Stat. (2009). Against All Defendants 
denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 56 and 
denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 57 and 
denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 58 and 
denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 59 and 
60. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits or denies the allegations contained in Paragraphs 
1-53 and 55-59 as previously set forth herein. 
61. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 61 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
62. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 62 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
63. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 63 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
64. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, is without knowledge to either admit or deny the 
allegations contained in Paragraph 64 except Defendant, EDWARDS, admits that as of the filing 
of this Complaint, criminal charges have only been brought against ROTHSTEIN, otherwise 
EFTA00592294
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 186-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010 Page 11 of 
Epstein v. Rothstein: Answer and Counterclaim of Edwards 
Page 11 of 16 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the balance of the allegations contained in Paragraph 64 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
65. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 65 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
66. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 66 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
67. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 67 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
68. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 68 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
Count HI—Abuse of Process—Against All Defendants 
69. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits or denies the allegations contained in Paragraphs 
1-53, 55-59 and 61-68 as previously set forth herein. 
70. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 70 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
71. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 71 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
72. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 72 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
Count IV—Fraud—Against All Defendants 
73. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits or denies the allegations contained in Paragraphs 
1-53, 55-59, 61-68 and 70-72 as previously set forth herein. 
EFTA00592295
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 186-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010 Page 12 of 
Epstein v. Rothstein: Answer and Counterclaim of Edwards 
Page 12 of 16 
74. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 74 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
75. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 75 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
Conspiracy to Commit Fraud—Against All Defendants 
76. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, admits or denies the allegations contained in Paragraphs 
1-53, 55-59, 61-68, 70-72 and 74-75 as previously set forth herein. 
77. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 77 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
78. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 78 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
79. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, denies the allegations contained in Paragraph 79 and 
demands strict proof thereof. 
80. 
Defendant, EDWARDS, has retained the undersigned attorneys to defend this 
action against him and has agreed to pay them a reasonable fee and costs. 
81. 
All allegations not otherwise expressly addressed are denied. 
WHEREFORE, having fully answered the claims against him, EDWARDS demands 
judgment in his favor and an award of fees and costs pursuant to the prevailing party provisions 
of the applicable statutes pursuant to which Epstein has brought his claims. 
COUNTERCLAIM 
Bradley J. Edwards (EDWARDS) sues Jeffrey Epstein (EPSTEIN) and alleges: 
EFTA00592296
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 186-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010 Page 13 of 
Epstein v. Rothstein: Answer and Counterclaim of Edwards 
Page 13 of 16 
1. 
This is an action for damages in an amount in excess of the minimum 
jurisdictional limits of this Court. 
2. 
Counter/plaintiff, EDWARDS, is sui juris, resides in Broward County, Florida, 
and is an attorney licensed to practice in the State of Florida at all times material hereto. 
3. 
Counter/defendant, EPSTEIN, is sui juris and is a resident of Palm Beach County, 
Florida. 
4. 
EPSTEIN is a convicted felon having entered into a plea agreement pursuant to 
which he effectively conceded his having engaged in illicit sexual activity with a large number of 
female children over an extended period of time in violation of both State and Federal criminal 
laws. 
5. 
EPSTEIN was sued civilly by a large number of his victims. Many of the cases 
against him have been settled and others remain pending, as a consequence of which EPSTEIN 
continues to face the potential of huge civil judgments for both compensatory and punitive 
damages in favor of many victims of his depraved criminal exploitation of children including 
victims represented by EDWARDS. 
6. 
In the face of overwhelming evidence of his guilt, EPSTEIN repeatedly asserted 
his Fifth Amendment Right against self-incrimination and refused to answer any substantive 
questions regarding his sexual exploitation of his minor victims. Lacking any substantive 
defense to the claims against him, EPSTEIN sought to avoid his compensatory and punitive 
liability by employing the extraordinary fmancial resources at his disposal to intimidate his 
victims into abandoning their legitimate claims or resolving those claims for substantially less 
than their just value. 
EFTA00592297
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 186-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010 Page 14 of 
Epstein v. Rothstein: Answer and Counterclaim of Edwards 
Page 14 of 16 
7. 
In some circumstances, EPSTEIN's tactics have proven successful, while other 
victims have thus far withstood this continued assault upon them and have persisted in the 
prosecution of their claims. EDWARDS' clients are among those who continue the prosecution 
of their claims. 
8. 
While prosecuting the legitimate claims on behalf of his clients, EDWARDS has 
not engaged in any unethical, illegal, or improper conduct nor has EDWARDS taken any action 
inconsistent with the duty he has to vigorously represent the interests of his clients. EPSTEIN 
has no reasonable basis to believe otherwise. 
9. 
Nevertheless, EPSTEIN has filed the claims herein against EDWARDS and 
EDWARDS' client, 
for the sole purpose of further attempting to intimidate EDWARDS, 
el., and others into abandoning or settling their legitimate claims for less than their just and 
reasonable value. 
10. 
EPSTEIN has in his Complaint directly alleged that EDWARDS was a knowing 
participant in a civil theft and criminal enterprise when EPSTEIN was well aware that there is 
absolutely no evidence whatsoever to support such false assertions. Indeed, his Complaint is 
replete with speculation, conjecture, and innuendo and is entirely devoid of factual support for 
his spurious allegations. Indicative of his total disregard for the lack of any predicate for his 
claims, EPSTEIN has ignored the statutory requirement for written notice prior to the initiation 
of a civil theft claim. 
11. 
EPSTEIN has ulterior motives and purposes in exercising such illegal, improper, 
and perverted use of process. His real purpose was to put pressure on EDWARDS, 
and 
EFTA00592298
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 186-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010 Page 15 of 
Epstein v. Rothstein: Answer and Counterclaim of Edwards 
Page 15 of 16 
other victims by publishing what amounts to nothing more than a press release issued under the 
cloak of protection of the litigation privilege. 
12. 
As a result of EPSTEIN's wrongful conduct as alleged, EDWARDS has suffered 
and will continue to suffer damages including but not limited to injury to his reputation, 
interference in his professional relationships, the loss of the value of his time required to be 
diverted from his professional responsibilities, and the cost of defending against EPSTEIN's 
spurious and baseless claims. 
WHEREFORE, EDWARDS demands judgment against EPSTEIN for compensatory 
damages, costs, and such other and further relief as the Court may deem appropriate under the 
circumstances. Counter/plaintiff, EDWARDS, reserves the right to assert a claim for punitive 
damages upon satisfying the applicable statutory prerequisites. 
Counter/plaintiff, EDWARDS, further demands trial by jury. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been furnished by 
Fax and U.S. Mail to all counsel on the attached list, this  cRilit day of December, 2009 
ola 
a Bar No.: 169440 
cy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys or a en ant, EDWARDS 
EFTA00592299
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM Document 186-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010 Page 16 of 
Epstein v. Rothstein: Answer and Counterclaim of Edwards 
Page 16 of 16 
COUNSEL LIST 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq. 
Michael J. Pike, Esq. 
Burman Critton Luther & Coleman 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone 
Fax 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
EFTA00592300

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592301.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592301.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 35470082 E-Filed 12/11/2015 06:05:31 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: CACE 15-000072 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and 
PAUL G. CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs/Counterclaim Defendants, 
vs. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant/Counterclaim Plaintiff. 
DEFENDANT/COUNTERCLAIM PLAINTIFF ALAN DERSHOWITZ'S 
FOURTH SET OF DOCUMENT REQUESTS TO 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTERCLAIM DEFENDANT BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Defendant/Counterclaim Plaintiff Alan Dershowitz ("Dershowitz") requests that 
Plaintiff/Counterclaim Defendant Bradley J. Edwards ("Edwards" or "You"), pursuant to Fla. R. 
Civ. P. 1.350, produce for inspection and/or copying, at the offices of undersigned counsel, the 
following documents: 
I. 
All documents* concerning** any written or oral statements 
made to the Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI"), including but not limited to the statement 
cited by your counsel, Jack Scarola, in the October 15, 2015 deposition of Dershowitz in the 
following line of questioning: 
Mr. Scarola: 
Do you have a copy of the statement that 
made to the FBI? 
Mr. Dershowitz: 
I don't have it here, no. 
Mr. Scarola: 
Have you seen it? 
Mr. Dershowitz: 
Her statement to the FBI? 
Mr. Scarola: 
Yes. 
See Dershowitz Deposition, Oct. 15, 2015, Volume I, Page 113, Lines 17-22. 
EFTA00592301
--- PAGE 2 ---
"Document(s)" means any and all written, typed, printed, recorded or graphic 
matter, however produced, reproduced or stored, whether an original or a copy, 
and whether prepared, published or released by any person or entity, including but 
not limited to letters, reports, agreements, correspondence, intra-office or inter-
office correspondence, telegrams, minutes or records of meetings, reports or 
summaries, expressions or statements, lists, drafts and revisions, invoices, 
receipts, original and preliminary notes, sketches, records, ledgers, contracts, bills 
of lading, bills, inventories, financial data, maps, memoranda, accounting and 
financial records, diaries, journals, calendars, statements, work papers, 
videotapes, photographs, pamphlets, brochures, advertisements, trade letters, 
press releases, drawings, recaps, tables, articles, summaries of conversations, 
computer cards, tapes, diskettes, or other means of electronically or magnetically 
maintaining information, and printouts. 
The term "Document(s)" also includes electronically stored data from which 
information can be obtained either directly or by translation through detection 
devices or readers; any such document is to be produced in a reasonably legible 
and usable form. The term "Document(s)" includes all drafts of a Document and 
all copies that differ in any respect from the original, including any notation, 
underlining, marking, or information not on the original. The term also includes 
information stored in, or accessible through, computer or other information 
retrieval systems (including any computer archives or back-up systems), together 
with instructions and all other materials necessary to use or interpret such data 
compilations. 
Without limitation on the term "control" as used in the preceding paragraph, a 
Document is deemed to be in Your control if You have the right to secure the 
Document or a copy thereof from another person. 
** 
"Concerning" means relates to, refers to, contains, describes, embodies, mentions, 
constitutes, constituting, supports, corroborates, demonstrates, proves, evidences, 
shows, refutes, disputes, rebuts, controverts, and contradicts. 
EFTA00592302
--- PAGE 3 ---
Respectfully submitted, 
/s/ Steven R. Safra 
Thomas E. Scott, Esq. 
Florida Bar IskLkt
Steven R. Safra, Esq. 
Florida Bar No. 057028 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Dadeland Centre II, 14th Floor 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33156 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Richard A. Sim son 
ro hac vice) 
Mar E. Bo 'a ro hac vice) 
Ashle E. Eiler 
ro hac vice) 
Nicole Audet Richardson 
ro hac vice) 
WILEY REIN LLP 
1776 K Street, NW 
Washin ton DC 20006 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Counsel for Alan M. Dershowitz 
EFTA00592303
--- PAGE 4 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing has been electronically filed through 
the Clerk of Broward County by using the Florida Courts eFiling Portal and thus served by 
electronic mail (email) at email address: 
to: Jack Scarola, Esq, Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A., Counsel for Plaintiff, 2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., West Palm Beach, Florida 33409, as 
well as 
to: Joni J. Jones, Esq., Assistant Utah Attorney General, Counsel 
for Plaintiff Cassell, 160 East 300 South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84114, as well as 
to: Sigrid McCawley, Esq, Boies, Schiller & Flexner LLP, 401 East 
Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301, this 11th day of December, 2015. 
By: s/Steven R. Safra 
STEVEN R. SAFRA 
FBN: 057028 
EFTA00592304

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592305.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592305.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 35470082 E-Filed 12/11/2015 06:05:31 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: CACE 15-000072 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and 
PAUL G. CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs/Counterclaim Defendants, 
vs. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant/Counterclaim Plaintiff. 
DEFENDANT/COUNTERCLAIM PLAINTIFF ALAN DERSHOWITZ'S 
FIFTH SET OF DOCUMENT REQUESTS TO 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTERCLAIM DEFENDANT PAUL G. CASSELL 
Defendant/Counterclaim Plaintiff Alan Dershowitz ("Dershowitz") requests that 
Plaintiff/Counterclaim Defendant Paul G. Cassell ("Cassell" or "You"), pursuant to Fla. R. Civ. 
P. 1.350, produce for inspection and/or copying, at the offices of undersigned counsel, the 
following documents: 
I. 
All documents* concerning** any written or oral statements 
made to the Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI"), including but not limited to the statement 
cited by your counsel, Jack Scarola, in the October 15, 2015 deposition of Dershowitz in the 
following line of questioning: 
Mr. Scarola: 
Do you have a copy of the statement that 
made to the FBI? 
Mr. Dershowitz: 
I don't have it here, no. 
Mr. Scarola: 
Have you seen it? 
Mr. Dershowitz: 
Her statement to the FBI? 
Mr. Scarola: 
Yes. 
See Dershowitz Deposition, Oct. 15, 2015, Volume I, Page 113, Lines 17-22. 
EFTA00592305
--- PAGE 2 ---
"Document(s)" means any and all written, typed, printed, recorded or graphic 
matter, however produced, reproduced or stored, whether an original or a copy, 
and whether prepared, published or released by any person or entity, including but 
not limited to letters, reports, agreements, correspondence, intra-office or inter-
office correspondence, telegrams, minutes or records of meetings, reports or 
summaries, expressions or statements, lists, drafts and revisions, invoices, 
receipts, original and preliminary notes, sketches, records, ledgers, contracts, bills 
of lading, bills, inventories, financial data, maps, memoranda, accounting and 
financial records, diaries, journals, calendars, statements, work papers, 
videotapes, photographs, pamphlets, brochures, advertisements, trade letters, 
press releases, drawings, recaps, tables, articles, summaries of conversations, 
computer cards, tapes, diskettes, or other means of electronically or magnetically 
maintaining information, and printouts. 
The term "Document(s)" also includes electronically stored data from which 
information can be obtained either directly or by translation through detection 
devices or readers; any such document is to be produced in a reasonably legible 
and usable form. The term "Document(s)" includes all drafts of a Document and 
all copies that differ in any respect from the original, including any notation, 
underlining, marking, or information not on the original. The term also includes 
information stored in, or accessible through, computer or other information 
retrieval systems (including any computer archives or back-up systems), together 
with instructions and all other materials necessary to use or interpret such data 
compilations. 
Without limitation on the term "control" as used in the preceding paragraph, a 
Document is deemed to be in Your control if You have the right to secure the 
Document or a copy thereof from another person. 
** 
"Concerning" means relates to, refers to, contains, describes, embodies, mentions, 
constitutes, constituting, supports, corroborates, demonstrates, proves, evidences, 
shows, refutes, disputes, rebuts, controverts, and contradicts. 
EFTA00592306
--- PAGE 3 ---
Respectfully submitted, 
/s/ Steven R. Safra 
Thomas E. Scott, Esq. 
Florida Bar IskLkt
Steven R. Safra, Esq. 
Florida Bar No. 057028 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Dadeland Centre II, 14th Floor 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33156 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Richard A. Sim son 
ro hac vice) 
Mar E. Bo 'a ro hac vice) 
Ashle E. Eiler 
ro hac vice) 
Nicole Audet Richardson 
ro hac vice) 
WILEY REIN LLP 
1776 K Street, NW 
Washin ton DC 20006 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Counsel for Alan M. Dershowitz 
EFTA00592307
--- PAGE 4 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing has been electronically filed through 
the Clerk of Broward County by using the Florida Courts eFiling Portal and thus served by 
electronic mail (email) at email address: 
to: Jack Scarola, Esq, Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A., Counsel for Plaintiff, 2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., West Palm Beach, Florida 33409, as 
well as 
to: Joni J. Jones, Esq., Assistant Utah Attorney General, Counsel 
for Plaintiff Cassell, 160 East 300 South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84114, as well as 
to: Sigrid McCawley, Esq, Boies, Schiller & Flexner LLP, 401 East 
Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301, this 11th day of December, 2015. 
By: s/Steven R. Safra 
STEVEN R. SAFRA 
FBN: 057028 
EFTA00592308

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592309.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592309.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 35469862 E-Filed 12/11/2015 05:54:44 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, 
IN AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
Case No.: CACE 15-000072 
EDWARDS, et at, 
Plaintiffs / Counterclaim Defendants, 
vs. 
DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant / Counterclaim Plaintiff. 
DEFENDANT ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ'S 
OPPOSITION TO EMERGENCY MOTION TO SEAL 
Defendant Alan M. Dershowitz ("Dershowitz") respectfully files this opposition to non-
party 
("a") 
Emergency Motion to Seal, which seeks to hide from the 
public records a supporting Affidavit exhibit filed by Dershowitz as an attachment to his Motion 
in Limine. That Motion in Limine recounts communications between Dershowitz and counsel 
for non-party a, 
David Boies, among others, and seeks a ruling on the admissibility of that 
evidence. Non-party 
contends that the communications at issue were "settlement 
communications." 
The relevant meetings between Dershowitz and counsel for non-party 
David 
Boies, that are at issue and the subject of Dershowitz's Affidavit were not settlement discussions 
but rather were an attempt to resolve factual disputes between Dershowitz and a, 
who are 
not directly involved in litigation with each other. However, even assuming that 
characterization of the discussions as "settlement discussions" were correct, which it is not, there 
is absolutely no basis on which "settlement communications" qualify for filing under seal. The 
I 
EFTA00592309
--- PAGE 2 ---
Court rules on whether such discussions are admissible, but the evidence, admissible or not, is 
part of the public record. 
As Plaintiffs' recently argued in persuading this Court to deny Dershowitz's motion to 
file under seal allegations that had been stricken by the United States District Court for the 
Southern District of Florida: 
To be sure, Florida Rule of Judicial Administration 2.420 allows for the sealing of 
"confidential" materials. But the Rule begins by recounting the overarching principle 
that "[t]he public shall have access to all records of the judicial branch of government, 
except as provided below." Fla. R. Jud. Admin. 2.420(a). This rule is a codification 
of the Florida Supreme Court's admonition that "a strong presumption of openness 
exists for all court proceedings. A trial is a public event, and the filed records of 
court proceedings are public records available for public examination." Barron v. 
Florida Freedom Newspapers, Inc., 531 So.2d 113, 118 (Fla. 1988) (emphasis 
added). In light of this presumption of openness, "[t]he burden of proof in [closure] 
proceedings shall always be on the party seeking closure." Id. To obtain a sealing 
order, the party seeking sealing must carry a "heavy burden." Id. 
See Pls. Resp. to Dershowitz's Mot. To Determine Confidentiality of Court Records, filed on 
Nov. 23, 2015 at 2. 
This Court agreed, ruling that: "Documents should not be sealed. Presumption of 
openness trumps any desire to seal the documents." 
makes no pretense of attempting to carry her "heavy burden." 
fails to 
cite a single applicable exception to the "presumption of openness" that might somehow justify 
her motion.' Indeed, 
repeatedly has invoked the presumption of openness by repeatedly 
I Under Florida Rule of Judicial Administration, in addition to records made confidential by statute, law, and other 
limited provisions, courts may allow certain court documents to be deemed confidential and filed under seal where 
confidentiality is required to: 
(i) prevent a serious and imminent threat to the fair, 
impartial, and orderly administration of justice; 
(ii) protect trade secrets; 
(iii) protect a compelling governmental interest: 
(iv) obtain evidence to determine legal issues in a case; 
(v) avoid substantial injury to innocent third parties; 
(vi) avoid substantial injury to a party by disclosure of 
matters protected by a common law or privacy right not generally inherent in the 
EFTA00592310
--- PAGE 3 ---
filing affidavits that contain allegations that the federal court has stricken as "lurid" and 
impertinent. Her public filings in this case contain the most heinous accusations against 
Dershowitz. Yet, she is attempting in this motion to prevent him from publicly filing a sworn 
statement which has the effect of answering those charges. Regardless, 
motion must 
be denied because it simply abdicates altogether her heavy burden to show why the Motion in 
Limine and supporting exhibits, including the Affidavit of Alan M. Dershowitz, must be filed 
under seal. 
Instead, 
confuses the concept of "admissibility" at trial with the concept of 
"discoverability." The cases 
relies upon — Sea Cabin, Inc. v. Scott, Bark, Royce & 
Harris, P.A., 496 So.2d 163 (Ha. 4th DCA 1986), and Stamm v. Stamm, 489 So. 2d 851 (Fla. 5th 
DCA 1986), are both quoted in 
motion for the proposition that settlement proposals are 
not admissible into evidence for the purposes of proof of liability. Putting aside the fact that 
there is no settlement proposal reflected in Dershowitz's affidavit, there is also no issue before 
the court of admission of that affidavit into evidence for the purpose of proving liability. Instead, 
the issue presented in the motion is whether 
baseless objections to the discovery before 
trial of those communications between Dershowitz and Boies and others as somehow 
"privileged" should be overruled. The cases on which 
relies did not seal anything; they 
simply held that evidence in the public record could not be admitted at trial. 
also fails to comply with the Amended Administrative Order As To Circuit Civil 
And County Civil Emergency Matters because she fails to show "irreparable harm, death or 
result in a manifest injury if immediate relief is not afforded." As demonstrated in Dershowitz's 
specific type of proceeding sought to be closed; [or] 
(vii) comply with established public policy set forth in the Florida or United States Constitution or statutes or 
Florida rules or case law[.] 
Fla. R. Jud. Admin. 2.420(c)(9)(A). 
EFTA00592311
--- PAGE 4 ---
Motion in Limine, the disputed objections was made by 
during Dershowitz's deposition 
on October 15 and 16. 
counsel asserted that she would bring the objection to the 
attention of the Court, and then failed to do so for nearly two months. That is the exact opposite 
of any "emergency." 
CONCLUSION 
The Court should deny Non-Party 
Robert's Emergency Motion to place Plaintiff 
Alan Dershowitz's Affidavit exhibit filed as an attachment to his Motion in Limine under seal. 
Respectfully submitted, 
/s/ Steven R. Safra 
Thomas E. Scott, Esq. 
Florida Bar No. 14 100 
Steven R. Safra, Esq. 
Florida Bar No. 057028 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Dadeland Centre II, 14th Floor 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard 
Miami, Florida 33156 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Richard A. Sim son 
ro hac vice) 
Mar E. Bo 'a 
ro hac vice) 
Ashle E. Eiler 
ro hac vice) 
Nicole Audet Richardson 
ro hac vice) 
WILEY REIN LLP 
1776 K Street, NW 
Washin tom DC 20006 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Counsel for Alan M. Dershowitz 
EFTA00592312
--- PAGE 5 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing has been electronically filed through 
the Clerk of Broward County by using the Florida Courts eFiling Portal and thus served by 
electronic mail (email) at email address: 
to: Jack Scarola, Esq, Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A., Counsel for Plaintiff, 2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., West Palm Beach, Florida 33409, as 
well as 
to: Joni J. Jones, Esq., Assistant Utah Attorney General, Counsel 
for Plaintiff Cassell, 160 East 300 South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84114, as well as 
to: Sigrid McCawley, Esq, Boies, Schiller & Flexner LLP, 401 East 
Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301, this 11th day of December, 2015. 
By: s/Steven R. Safra 
STEVEN R. SAFRA 
FBN: 057028 
EFTA00592313

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592314.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592314.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:16-cv-03989-RJS Document 20 Filed 06/29/16 Page 1 of 3 
THE MINTZ FRAADE LAW FIRM, P.C. 
COUNSELORS AT LAW 
271 MADISON AVENUE, 12th FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10016 
Til [MOW 
OF COUNSFI. 
EDWARD C. KRAMER 
JON M. PROBSTEIN 
SEYMOUR REITKNECIfr 
FELECOPIER 
JOSEPI I J. TOMASEK 
June 29, 2016 
Via E-mail 
Hon. Richard J. Sullivan, D.J. 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
Thurgood Marshall United States Courthouse 
Foley Square, Room 2104 
New York. New York 10007 
Re: Steven Jude Hoffenberg v. Jeffrey E. 
Epstein, et al. (Index No. 1:I6-ev-03989) 
Dear Judge Sullivan: 
Reference is made to the Defendants' letter to the Court (the "Defendants' Letter") which 
was filed yesterday, June 28, 2016, via the Electronic Case Filing system for the Southern 
District of New York. We totally disagree with the facts and conclusions which were raised in 
the Defendants' Letter. 
To properly resolve the issues raised in the Defendants' Letter, we believe that it is 
necessary to evaluate the long history between Mr. Jeffrey E. Epstein and Mr. Steven J. 
HofTenberg and their involvement in Towers Financial Corporations' ("TFC") Ponzi fraud, 
which includes many fraudulent securities offerings of promissory notes and bonds by TFC, (the 
Page 1 of 3 
EFTA00592314
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:16-cv-03989-RJS Document 20 Filed 06/29/16 Page 2 of 3 
"TFC Ponzi Fraud"). It is Mr. Hoffenberg's position that Mr. Epstein's fraudulent actions and 
engagement in the TFC Ponzi Fraud with Mr. Hoffenberg and TFC resulted in over 200,000 
victims and damages of over one billion ($1,000,000,000) dollars directly or indirectly from the 
purchase of fraudulent securities consisting of promissory notes and bonds from TFC, (the "TFC 
Victims") and from Mr. Epstein's original and subsequent actions. 
Moreover, the Defendants' Letter raises several issues which demand joining the TFC 
Victims in this litigation as co-plaintiffs with Mr. Hoffenberg. 
Councilman George Cushingberry, Jr., Esq., for the City of Detroit, who was the 
Chairman of the Appropriations Committee for the City of Detroit until 2010, originally 
introduced Mr. Hoffenberg to the Retirement System City of Detroit, which is now one of the 
TFC Victims. Mr. Hoffenberg has been in constant communications with Councilman 
Cushingberry, Jr., Esq.'s Legislative Aide, and friend of Mr. Hoffenberg, Mr David Cavanagh, 
who recently advised Mr. Hoffenberg that the Retirement System City of Detroit may join this 
pending lawsuit before this Court to recover over one hundred twenty-five million 
($125,000,000) dollars in damages from Mr. Epstein for his fraudulent actions pursuant to the 
TFC Ponzi Fraud set forth in the Complaint. 
Page 2 of 3 
EFTA00592315
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:16-cv-03989-RJS Document 20 Filed 06/29/16 Page 3 of 3 
In view of the upcoming Fourth of July holiday weekend, we respectfully request 
additional time until July 12, 2016, to respond to the Defendants' Letter in further detail with 
respect to this matter in order to ensure that the interests of the TFC Victims are protected. 
Respectfully submitted, 
The Mintz Fraade Law Firm, PC 
APF/Ilk 
Cc: 
Gary H. Baise, Esq. 
Mr. Steven Hoffenberg 
Bennet J. Moskowitz, Esq. 
Alan P. Fraade 
Page 3 of 3 
EFTA00592316

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592317.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592317.pdf
----------------------------------------
Non-binding Effect; 
Governing Law and 
Jurisdiction 
This letter is not intended to be legally binding, and prepared for discussion 
purposes only, as a statement of the Investor's present intent, with the exception 
of this 
paragraph 
and 
the 
paragraphs 
entitled 
`Exclusivity' 
and 
`Confidentiality', which are binding upon the parties hereto and shall be 
governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel. The 
parties hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the competent courts of 
the Tel Aviv District in Israel, and hereby waive any objection regarding 
jurisdiction or forum. 
Acknowledged and agreed: 
INVESTOR: 6
o.
Print Name: ehud barak 
By: 
FOUNDERS: 
Dr. Gideon Levita 
Title: 
Date: 
Date: 12.7.2016 
COMPANY: 
Levitection Ltd. 
By: 
Title: 
Date: 
10555%4\1\82 
Mr. Raviv Levita: 
Date: 
EFTA00592317

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592318.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592318.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:13-cv-08563-PKC Document 5 Filed 01/16/14 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
200,000 TOWERS INVESTORS 
RESTITUTION VICTIMS IN PENSION 
FUNDS, MUTUAL FUNDS, THE COUNTRY 
OF CAPE VERDE, CORPORATE 
EMPLOYEE PENSION UNIONS, 
CHURCHES, AND INDIVIDUAL 
INVESTORS IN TOWERS FINANCIAL 
CORP. WHO ARE THE BENEFICIARIES OF 
STEVEN HOFFENBERG'S JUDGE SWEET 
ORDERED $475 MILLION RESTITUTION 
THAT IS NOW UNDER TWO BILLION 
DOLLARS PLUS ACCRUED INTEREST, 
-against-
USDS SDNY 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOC I; 
DATE FILED: fie 
Petitioners, 
Civ. 8563 (PKC) 
ORDER 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA BY THE 
U.S. PROBATION OFFICE NEW YORK 
CITY STAFF BREACH OF THE CRIME 
VICTIMS ACT, 
Respondent. 
CASTEL, District Judge: 
This Court's Order of December 18, 2013 ordered "Petitioners and Alan Fraade 
of the Jinn of Mintz & Fraade, 
... to show cause in writing by January 17, 2014, why this 
action should not be dismissed and sanctions imposed under Rule 11(b), Fed. It Civ. P., with 
petitioners' counsel disqualified from representing petitioners." Petitioners and Fraade have 
responded and seeks to withdraw the petition without opposition from the respondent. 
Rule 11(O(2), Fed. R. Civ. P., provides a safe harbor petiod during which an 
attorney may withdraw an offending document without suffering sanctions, after having been 
placed on notice by opposing counsel. Rule Il(c)(3) contains no equivalent safe harbor for a 
Court initiated sanction proceeding. For this reason, court initiated sanctions proceedings are 
EFTA00592318
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:13-cv-08563-PKC Document 5 Filed 01/16/14 Page 2 of 2 
-2-
governed by a higher standard, and require subjective bad faith on the part of the attorney. 
Muhammad v. Walmart Stores East. L.P., 732 F.3d 104 (2d Cir. 2013). 
Because Mr. Fraade is withdrawing the offending pleading without objection 
from the respondent within the time set by this Court to respond to the Order to Show Cause, the 
Court, in the exercise of discretion and without adjudicating the merits of the sanctions issue, 
declines to proceed further with proceedings under Rule 11(cX3). 
The action is dismissed and the case is closed. 
SO ORDERED. 
P. Kevin Castel 
United States District Judge 
New York, New York 
January 16, 2014 
EFTA00592319

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592320.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592320.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 1 of 36 
Dc5Whofl 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
x 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
v. 
STEVEN HOFFENBERG , 
Defendant. 
Before: 
CR 213 (RWS) 
New York, N.Y. 
December 5, 2013 
2:05 p.m. 
HON. ROBERT W. SWEET, 
District Judge 
APPEARANCES 
PREET BHARARA 
United States Attorney for the 
Southern District of New York 
RICHARD COOPER 
Assistant United States Attorney 
GARY H. RAISE 
Attorney for Defendant 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592320
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 2 of 36 
Dc5Whofl 
(Case called) 
THE COURT: Please be seated. 
MR. COOPER: Good morning, your Honor. Richard 
Cooper, for the government. With me at counsel table is U.S. 
Probation Officer Michael Cox and supervising U.S. Probation 
Officer Paul Wodeshick. 
MR. RAISE: Your Honor, Gary Baise, Olsson Frank, 
Washington, D.C., for Mr. Steven Hoffenberg. I'm accompanied 
by Mr. Hoffenberg and counsel for Towers Investors and one of 
the investors, Mr. Ed Kramer, from Mintz & Fraade. 
THE COURT: Let me just be sure that we're all on the 
same page as to where we are and what's happening. The 
judgment in this case, and the sentence, was entered on March 
7, 1997. Mr. Hoffenberg was released from federal custody on 
October 11, this year. The probation officer sought to conduct 
a home visit in connection with the supervised release, three 
years' supervised release. The terms and conditions with 
respect to that supervised release were contained in the 
judgment. There were some difficulties, question of counsel, 
the involvement of counsel, and whatever. 
The probation officer informed me of that, sent me a 
report, which was dated on the 15th of November, and, as a 
result of that report, I asked that we all get together and 
deal with these issues. 
I think the problem that we face is the conditions are 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592321
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 3 of 36 
Dc5Whofl 
a matter of judgment, so to speak, and laid out in the 
judgment. There are some, I gather, from the materials I've 
gotten from the defendant, that there may be some requests with 
respect to certain matters relating to those conditions, and 
the probation officer has also asked that there be some 
additional conditions under the conditions of supervision. 
that's where we are, I think. 
Parenthetically, I've been familiar with this case 
since 1994, and I recognize that its history has been extremely 
difficult right from the get-go, and there's no sense 
rehearsing any of the procedural problems, of which there were 
many. However, what I hope we can do is to work this out in a 
fashion that will be clear and we won't have any difficulties. 
Having said that, I think what I would suggest, unless 
somebody's got a better way of going about this, is to find out 
what the defense thinks, what modification in the standard 
conditions of supervision the defense wants, see what the 
government thinks about that, and then what the government 
wants and see what the defense thinks about that. That's the 
way I would suggest we go forward, unless somebody has a 
different idea. 
MR. BAISE: Your Honor, Gary Baise, for 
Mr. Hoffenberg. 
I was just presented, although Mr. Cooper advises me 
he sent this document by e-mail yesterday to me, I was 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592322
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 4 of 36 
Dc5Whofl 
traveling yesterday and did not see it until just about ten 
minutes ago, which is the document that was placed under seal, 
and I guess I'm a little puzzled now, after reviewing this 
document, as to why it was placed under seal and why the 
defendant and his counsel are at a bit of disadvantage. 
THE COURT: What would you like to do as a result of 
that? 
MR. BAISE: As a result of that, I would like to, 
after consulting with my client here, have an opportunity to 
review exactly what it is the government is seeking in terms of 
the new conditions to the standard 13 conditions that your 
Honor has imposed. 
THE COURT: I think we can find that out quite easily. 
I guess the government can tell us. In the report, the 
requests which they gave me --
MR. BAISE: Is there still something under seal, your 
Honor? 
THE COURT: Who knows? I don't know. 
MR. BAISE: Is this now out from under seal, 
Mr. Cooper, since you e-mailed it to me? 
THE COURT: I haven't --
MR. BAISE: Or Mr. Chan? I'd asked both your deputy 
and Mr. Cooper for a copy of this and they said at the time it 
was under seal, but Mr. Cooper didn't have a copy of it. 
THE COURT: Let's back up a little bit. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592323
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 5 of 36 
Dc5Whofl 
MR. RAISE: Yes. 
THE COURT: Why was this sealed? 
MR. COOPER: Your Honor, it's my understanding that 
when either violation reports or other reports related to 
supervision are submitted to the Court by the probation office, 
they are, as a matter of course, placed under seal until 
judicial action is taken. 
THE COURT: As a result of the conference. yes. 
The action I took, based on what -- it is, 
parenthetically, to protect the defendant, that's the point the 
whole thing. But never mind. 
MR. BAISE: Okay. 
THE COURT: Never mind. That's the explanation. 
MR. RAISE: In terms of protecting him, I clearly 
would have waived, and I'm sure Mr. Hoffenberg would have 
waived, because there's nothing in here that's embarrassing to 
him, at least that I have read to date. 
THE COURT: "For these reasons stated above, we're 
also requesting the Court modify the conditions of supervision 
to include both the financial disclosure special condition and 
a search special condition. We're also requesting the Court to 
enter order a mental health assessment and evaluation to 
determine the defendant's current mental state." Okay? 
MR. BAISE: And Mr. Hoffenberg would waive that. The 
only thing I would say, Mr. Cooper and I have not talked about 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592324
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 6 of 36 
Dc5Whofl 
this, but it seemed to me any of these suggested additions, 1 
don't know if they're restrictions, go that far just yet, as 
your Honor knows, have to be put in such a way as there's a 
reasonably direct relationship between what they're asking for 
and the crime that he was convicted of, and it would seem to me 
what we were going to talk about today were some of these 
restrictions, and I haven't had a chance to fully read it. 
THE COURT: What do you want to do about that? Do you 
want to put this over until tomorrow? Do you want to put it 
over until two? What do you want to do about it? 
MR. BAISE: I think putting it over until 2:00 will be 
an excellent idea, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Done. 
MR. BAISE: Done. 
(Luncheon recess) 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592325
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 7 of 36 
Dc5Whofl 
AFTERNOON SESSION 
2:00 III. 
THE COURT: I hope you all had a pleasant luncheon. 
What would the defense like to accomplish this 
afternoon? 
MR. BAISE: Three items, your Honor. 
First, your Honor, I have had an opportunity to read 
what was purportedly the sealed document, and I have some 
comments on it. 
Secondly, there are some travel restriction issues 
that I would like to talk about, and, thirdly, talk about some 
mechanics as it relates to the restitution issue and the 
individual or individuals Mr. Hoffenberg can discuss. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. RAISE: And a fourth point; that is, with regara 
to procedure and this Court's schedule, depending on 
Mr. Cooper's schedule, of course, I would like to respond to 
this sealed document formally rather than just off-the-cuff 
comments, since this is a status hearing today, not a 
full-blown hearing. 
THE COURT: We'll wait and see how this all 
materializes as to that. 
MR. BAISE: Sure. 
THE COURT: Yes, I think you're correct. The 
probation officer did not ask for a hearing on what might have 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592326
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 8 of 36 
Dc5Whofl 
been charges but were not set down as charges. We're at a 
preliminary stage, I agree. Okay. Tell me what you would like 
to tell me. 
MR. BAISE: What §§§ like to address initially is the 
visitation issue because I think, in part, I generated this 
issue in my conversations with Mr. Cox. 
In the sealed document -- is the document now 
unsealed? 
THE COURT: I don't care. 
MR. BAISE: You don't care? 
THE COURT: You don't care. You've got it. 
What's the government's view? 
MR. COOPER: I don't know whether it's sealed or not, 
but everybody, I think, has the document. 
THE COURT: Everybody that needs it has got it. 
MR. BAISE: I now have it, so as long as it's public, 
that's fine. 
THE COURT: Sure. 
MR. BAISE: That document includes a letter written by 
one of my associates, after I had left to go overseas, and III 
like to make two points clear with regard to that letter. One, 
I am not saying Mr. Hoffenberg has any right to counsel at 
these visits. I understand what the law says and what the 
Second Circuit has ruled. So he does not have a right to 
counsel at these visits. This says we're demanding a right to 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592327
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 9 of 36 
Dc5Whof 1 
counsel. I'm not. 
THE COURT: I understand. 
MR. BAISE: Okay. 
THE COURT: That's helpful. 
MR. BAISE: That takes care of that issue and takes it 
off the table. 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MR. BAISE: There's a subsidiary issue. I had said to 
Mr. Cox that I would like to have a person there when the 
supervised release officers came by to see him mainly to 
protect Mr. Hoffenberg from himself, from saying something that 
he probably shouldn't say. But there's nothing in these 
supervised release 13 provisions that you set forth that said 
he could not have someone there. So my first request, and I 
can put this in a memorandum to you or we can do an order to 
show cause as to why they believe no one should be there. 
Now, the argument Mr. Cox and Mr. Wodeshick and 
counsel make, it is for the safety of the officers that there 
not be someone there. That strikes me as counterintuitive, 
your Honor. The whole reason we have videotaping in police 
cars is to protect the officers. Only in the letter did my 
colleague suggest maybe we would consider videotaping just to 
protect both parties. So that is an issue M'§ like to bring 
before the Court today. May he have a person, next-door 
neighbor, and it does appear from what these papers say, to me, 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592328
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 10 of 36 
Dc5whof 1 
they want to come at any hour of the day or night. Well, most 
of the cases deal with sex offenders, people using computers 
for computer crimes, be able to drop in on the defendant. It 
strikes me Mr. Hoffenberg was convicted of securities fraud. 
i 
don't understand why 
have to just be able to drop in any 
time. 
I'm not asking you to make a decision on that today. 
We will address that in formal papers, if that is acceptable to 
you. But it just struck me as a bit odd for the government to 
say they don't want anyone there for their own safety. Here's 
a fellow 69 years of age. I don't think that he constitutes 
much of a physical entity of safety to a fellow like 
Mr. Wodeshick or Mr. Cox because he realizes what 
have 
the power to do; I'm sure 
do something untoward as to 
that. So that issue I wanted to address. 
Secondly, travel. 
THE COURT: I'm sorry? 
MR. RAISE: Secondly, travel. 
THE COURT: Oh, yes. 
MR. BAISE: The travel restriction. 
The way this is written and it's just the common term 
and just a form, I am told that he can't -- well, actually, the 
document says you can't travel outside the judicial district. 
As we have reported to the Court, he has a wife that is in very 
serious condition with regard to cancer down in Philadelphia. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592329
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 11 of 36 
Dc5whof1 
He has been told, I'm told, verbally that he can go. He would 
like to have that in writing. So III like to have today a 
change on the travel restriction, and that would include, I'm 
told, he could even go over to --
Where is it, Ed? Queens? 
MR. KRAMER: That would be Queens, Brooklyn, Staten 
Island, Fort Lee, New Jersey, anywhere very close. 
THE COURT: Let's be specific about it. 
MR. RAISE: Yes. 
THE COURT: I understand Philadelphia. Are there 
other places? I don't think you have this problem in 
Washington, but, you see, we do. We have this across-the-river 
problem, so if there's some reason to go to a particular place 
in the Eastern District, fine, I'm pleased to hear it. But 
just to open it up to another judicial district, let's be 
precise. 
MR. BAISE: Precisely would be Philadelphia any time 
he wants to go to Philadelphia. 
THE COURT: We'll have to work that out, but probably. 
MR. BAISE: On something like that, would you prefer 
that I propose to Mr. Cooper a written amendment to the travel 
item? 
THE COURT: I think we can work these things out. 
MR. BAISE: Okay. 
THE COURT: What we can't work out, then we'll have to 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592330
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 12 of 36 
Dc5whof 1 
struggle with. But let me just suggest, I make no secret of 
it, I have great respect for our probation officers and the 
work they do. Mr. Hoffenberg may not believe it, but they're 
trying to help, and that is their purpose. They also want to 
be sure that all the conditions are fulfilled, and so on. I 
think as a general rule, it's very useful if you can work with 
the probation officer and work out these things consensually, 
if that can be done. If it can't be done, of course, I'm here. 
MR. BAISE: And I would agree with your Honor. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. BAISE: In fact, I was pretty surprised. I had to 
go to Rome and I thought Mr. Cox and I agreed that we were 
going to attempt to do exactly what your Honor outlined. 
THE COURT: Maybe we can work it all out. 
MR. BAISE: Okay. 
THE COURT: What else? 
MR. BAISE: We can work out 
THE COURT: Do you want to take a moment and tell me 
where? I won't say why would anybody want to go to Staten 
Island, that would be inappropriate. But where do you want to 
go? 
MR. BAISE: There was one other item that I mentioned 
in my letter, that he wanted to travel to China. 
THE COURT: That's a horse of a different color. 
MR. RAISE: A horse of a different color, I 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592331
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 13 of 36 
Dc5Whofl 
understand. But I would raise that when you say be specific. 
I have been specific. 
THE COURT: Philadelphia, I understand. The other 
places in New York, do you want to tell me what that's all 
about? 
MR. BAISE: I do not think we're prepared to provide 
all of the areas. Just limiting to this district, I thought, 
was, and he thought 
THE COURT: China, I understand. Anything else? 
MR. BAISE: Yes. For example, and this is just a 
practical problem, your Honor, he feels he cannot go out to JFK 
to pick up his daughter, something silly like that. So it's 
household type issues that he has brought up to me. I remember 
the airport issue, but it's common sense, I guess, exemptions, 
if you will, from just the judicial district. 
THE COURT: Okay. Anything else? 
MR. RAISE: Yes. Let's talk about the restitution 
issue. 
It has been represented to me by Mr. Hoffenberg that 
he feels, in his discussions with Mr. Wodeshick and Mr. Cox, he 
is unable to talk to any victims. That's No. 1. 
No. 2, Mr. Kramer is here representing victims. 
No. 3, it seems given his requirement for restitution, 
$475 million, that he needs to have considerable latitude in 
obtaining restitution for those individuals. Part of that 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592332
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 14 of 36 
Dc5whof 1 
1; 
involves a personality I'm sure your Honor is familiar with, 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein. 
THE COURT: I'm not. 
MR. RAISE: You're not? 
THE COURT: That's because -- you're a young fellow 
I'm old and I'm not hip. 
MR. BAISE: Well, I'm not hip either. In fact, I was 
just talking to Mr. Hoffenberg last night. He couldn't believe 
I'm 72, so I may look young, I guess I do. But I'm not far 
behind you. 
THE COURT: I think it's your necktie. 
MR. BAISE: It's got a little white on it. 
Anyway, what we would like today to have from your 
Honor is a direction on the record that he can deal with the 
appropriate individuals with regard to obtaining the 
restitution of this 475 million of which Mr. Epstein, I'm told, 
and Mr. Kramer may want to address this in more specifics, but 
Mr. Epstein is a critical player here. So, yes, I would like a 
direction from his Honor that we can deal with Mr. Epstein. I 
make the representation that he feels that he can't deal with 
him, we obviously have not put anybody on the witness stand to 
see what Mr. Hoffenberg believes is correct with Mr. Wodeshick 
or Mr. Cox, but certainly I would like to have that direction 
from the Court today. 
THE COURT: Anything else? 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592333
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 15 of 36 
Dc5whof 1 
MR. BAISE: With regard to coming into the house at 
any hour. 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MR. RAISE: I had mentioned that. 
THE COURT: You did. And you mentioned that 
like to have somebody there. 
MR. BAISE: That's part of it. That's half of the 
argument. And as your Honor knows better than I, coming in at 
any time and certainly when you have, as I said, a sex offender 
or computer crime guy, absolutely, but it would seem to me, and 
I've requested this in my letter to his Honor, or Mr. Chan, 
that during normal working hours could we just have sort of 
that limitation on it, not just any time, any hour? He is 
trying to get back into normal life, and, again, the whole 
purpose of the Sentencing Reform Act of '94, I guess it was, is 
to see how we can rehabilitate and get these folks back into 
the community, at the same time protecting the interests of the 
community. So it seems to me that a limitation, reasonable 
one, make it from six to six, but just sort of reasonable 
business hours, and again, they don't have to notify him, that 
that is clear. But, yes, I guess I would like, not guess, I 
would like to have that as a direction from your Honor today. 
Finally, between Mr. Cooper and me, I would like X 
number of days, not many, a week or eight or nine days, because 
we obviously know we're getting into the holiday period, to 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592334
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 16 of 36 
Dc5whof 1 
have at least a written response to all that is asserted in 
this paper, because while we don't think he's any threat to 
society, secondly, we do not believe these travel restrictions 
should be quite as stringent as they are, as we've talked 
about, and this idea, your Honor, of bringing up some of these 
items in the document, which I'll address if you permit me to 
file a response here, going back and dredging up incidents that 
occurred when this gentleman was 22 years old strikes me as a 
bit over the top. The theft issue of the diamond ring when he 
was a youngster, causing problems in the prison system tells me 
that that was about ten years ago, these are not reasonable 
grounds for seeking some of the restrictions Mr. Cox and 
Mr. Wodeshick are seeking here. 
We're trying to, at the end of the day, at the end of 
the day, obtain, through him and his resources, 475 million for 
the victims, and I think anything, in fact, there is a comment, 
I think at the bottom of page five, top of page six, that 
suggests to me that the U.S. Department of Justice's victim 
witness coordinator, communication information regarding the 
offender's status, says that, relative to the repayment of 
restitution should only be conducted through their office. 
That seems to me and seems to Mr. Hoffenberg to be a quite 
limiting factor in terms of restitution, and maybe there's case 
law for that, but there is certainly nothing in the 13 
requirements that you signed off on, and he agreed to, that 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592335
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 17 of 36 
Do5whof1 
would seem to suggest that he run everything through the office 
on what he's attempting to do. 
At the end of the day, it seems to me that the 
public's interest is best served here by him obtaining the 
money through the sources he thinks still owe him funds, and 
that's why I bring up this Mr. Epstein's name in seeking your 
permission today for him to be able to have contact with 
Mr. Epstein. As we know and what got him into difficulty was 
his expertise in collection work, but that was a securities 
violation. There is no problem with his actual collection 
work. It was the securities side that brought him into 
disrepute and caused him to be punished to the extent he has 
been punished. 
So, Mr. Epstein, travel, and some reasonableness with 
regard to coming to his place, could there be someone there. 
Sometimes if they come unannounced he probably wouldn't be able 
to have someone there. But again, I feel, as I started this 
argument out here, this conversation with you, I may have 
started this in my conversation with Mr. Cox in suggesting §§§ 
like to have someone present when Mr. Wodeshick and Mr. Cox are 
there, and they've taken that as a threat, I don't know why, 
because a second person there helps ensure their safety as far 
as I'm concerned. 
THE COURT: That's it? 
MR. BAISE: Mr. Kramer, do you have anything that you 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592336
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 18 of 36 
Dc5whof 1 
H 
would like to say with regard to the victims? 
THE COURT: No, no, no. 
MR. RAISE: You don't want to hear from him? 
THE COURT: Thanks. I'm delighted to have you, sir, a 
great pleasure, but you're not a party to this proceeding. 
MR. BAISE: But this is just a status conference. We 
understand that. And fourthly, may we set some date by which 
we'll respond. 
THE COURT: We'll see. We'll see. 
MR. BAISE: Again, on a quick turnaround. 
THE COURT: Just a second. 
MR. RAISE: You bet. 
THE COURT: Anything else? 
MR. BAISE: I think that's all I ought to comment or 
today, to the extent we're at a status conference. 
THE COURT: Appreciate it. 
What's the government's reaction to this? 
MR. COOPER: Your Honor, the government will take each 
of those points in turn. 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MR. COOPER: First, with respect to the request that 
somebody be present during home visits, and Officer Cox, I'm 
sure, has a view on this and can speak to it as well, the 
government believes that that is impractical in the context of 
the goals of supervised release where the ability not to have 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592337
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 19 of 36 
Dc5Whofl 
advance notification of the time of a visit is very important 
to the officers, the ability to have direct contact and 
flexible contact with the releasee, to see what's going on in 
the releasee's life, whether they remain a danger to the 
community, whether there are other conditions that are required 
and, frankly, how to respond to requests like the ones that 
defense counsel's making now, for all those reasons, it's very 
important for a probation officer to have direct, unmitigated 
contact with a releasee. 
One comment with respect to the safety issue, it's my 
understanding that the primary reason to have that direct 
contact is not for safety reasons, although I would note in the 
defendant's Bureau of Prisons file, there is a write-up with 
respect to an assault that occurred on corrections staff. So 
there are potential safety concerns, but really our core 
position on that is that it's just inconsistent with the 
purposes and with the methods of supervision. 
On travel, your Honor, the defendant was given oral 
permission to travel to Pennsylvania, and I believe we would be 
fine with advance notification and approval of the probation 
department with that type of travel. 
With respect to other locations, as your Honor already 
said, it's a fact-specific issue that the defendant can 
certainly raise with the probation officer, to the extent 
there's any disagreement, that could be elevated to the Court, 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592338
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 20 of 36 
Dc5whof 1 
but I don't know that we need a direction now with respect to 
other locations. 
On restitution, the probation office has asked the 
Court to direct the defendant not to have any contact with the 
victims, and the government believes that that is appropriate 
under the circumstances. As your Honor, I'm sure, is much more 
familiar with the facts of this case than I am, this was a half 
billion dollar Ponzi scheme, thousands upon thousands of 
victims, and it's unclear why contact with those victims would 
further the gathering of restitution over and above merely 
re-victimizing those same victims in the process. Without a 
particular showing of why the defendant would need to have 
contact with those victims and what could be done to mitigate 
the risks, we oppose that request. 
With respect to the specific requests for this 
Mr. Epstein, it's unclear why the defendant needs that contact 
or who this Mr. Epstein is, but I presume that that also can be 
worked out between the probation office and the defendant, and 
to the extent that it can't be worked out, it can be brought 
before your Honor. 
On the repayment of restitution, it's my understanding 
that restitution payments are made through the clerk of the 
court here and not through the U.S. Attorney's office or the 
probation officer. 
THE COURT: Yes. By the way, I take it it's not 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592339
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 21 of 36 
Dc5whof 1 
necessary for us to worry about this today, but what's your 
understanding of the normal procedure, or if you want to check 
on it -- I have never, oddly enough, gotten into a problem 
about restitution because, I guess, it happens relatively 
rarely. But what's your understanding? Let's assume that 
Mr. Hoffenberg can accomplish this and finds $100 million 
wherever he finds it and wants to provide that in restitution. 
What is your view? 
MR. COOPER: I believe, and I can confirm this for 
your Honor, the process would be for the defendant to write a 
check essentially or make payment to the clerk of the court 
here and then the clerk of court, once the money goes above a 
certain threshold, distributes that to the victims. 
THE COURT: Thank you. 
MR. COOPER: Last, on time limitations --
THE COURT: I'm sorry? 
MR. COOPER: On the defense's request that your Honor 
impose limitations on the times and days that the officer can 
conduct home visits. 
THE COURT: Oh, yes. Working hours. 
MR. COOPER: Exactly. A few points on that. That, 
too, is inconsistent with the need to be flexible and to visit 
the defendant at times when he's home, when there might be 
things that the probation officer needs to observe in the home. 
It's inconsistent with the flexibility that the probation 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592340
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 22 of 36 
Dc5whof 1 
office requires. To restrict it to working hours in a 
situation where the defendant is intending to go back to work 
would also seem to be unreasonable, given that those would be 
the hours that he would be out of the house, so home visits 
would place an undue burden on the probation office because the 
defendant just wouldn't be home. 
I believe I've addressed all the defense's issues. As 
your Honor is aware, there are other additional conditions that 
the probation office had wanted to add. I can address those 
separately, if your Honor would like. 
THE COURT: Tell the defense what you want. 
MR. COOPER: As laid out in the probation office's 
request for conference, a financial disclosure special 
condition, a search special condition. 
THE COURT: When you say financial disclosure, what 
practically does that mean? 
MR. COOPER: One moment, please, your Honor. 
Your Honor, it's my understanding, based on the 
officer, that the probation office provides the defendant with 
certain forms to complete about assets, things like that. 
THE COURT: There are, I take it, like every good 
government agency, standard forms. 
MR. COOPER: I believe there are standard forms. 
THE COURT: And that's what you're talking about? 
MR. COOPER: To be supported by underlying documents, 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592341
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 23 of 36 
Dc5whof 1 
like bank statements and otherwise. 
THE COURT: That's one. 
MR. COOPER: No. 2 is a search special condition with 
respect to the search of the premises. 
THE COURT: What's that? 
MR. COOPER: It's the ability for the probation office 
to go into the premises at a reasonable time and at a 
reasonable hour to ensure that there is no illegal conduct, no 
contraband, no issues. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. COOPER: There's no contact with victims. We've 
already addressed that. 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MR. COOPER: A request that the Court direct the 
defendant not to seek employment at his previous company, 
Towers. 
has told 
resume a 
It's our understanding, based on what the defendant 
the probation office, that the defendant intends to 
position at Towers, and we believe that poses a risk 
to the community. 
THE COURT: Anything else? 
MR. COOPER: The probation office has requested that 
the defendant be directed to do community service of a hundred 
hours or more. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. COOPER: Mental health assessment. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592342
--- PAGE 24 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 24 of 36 
Do5whof 1 
2, 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. COOPER: And, lastly, that the Court direct the 
defendant, or presumably his agents, not to videotape or record 
probation home visits. 
THE COURT: Right. 
MR. COOPER: That's all. Unless your Honor has any 
questions, that's all we have. 
THE COURT: No. That's fine. 
MR. COOPER: Thank you. 
THE COURT: Does the defense want to be heard any 
further on those matters or any of the others? 
MR. BAISE: Yes, your Honor. With regard to what 
counsel referred to as an assault, the rest of the story, as 
they would say, the assault was on Mr. Hoffenberg. It was 14 
years ago. I don't think he is much of a threat in terms of 
safety to these officers, and to use that as your pretext 
strikes me as a tad weak. 
No. 2, with regard to the travel to Philadelphia, 
Mr. Hoffenberg asked for written authority, in part, because I 
ask him to always get things in writing, the authority 
allegedly for that trip was oral. 
THE COURT: Was what? 
MR. BAISE: Oral. 
THE COURT: Yes, okay. 
MR. BAISE: That, frankly, was not sufficient, and so 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592343
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 25 of 36 
Dc5Whofl 
it strikes me as a situation where it would have been very easy 
for the probation officer or supervised release officer to 
provide written confirmation. Why not? So that's why I asked 
for a little bit more leniency with regard to the travel. 
Regarding restitution, the victims, in part, I am 
advised, call him wanting to know what he's doing. And it is 
his responsibility, as ordered by this Court, to go about 
collecting money owed to him by third parties. And so that's 
why I made the request with regard to this Mr. Epstein in 
particular because there are business arrangements, which I am 
unaware of and this Court presumably is unaware of, that lead 
him to believe that he can, in part, fulfill the obligation 
imposed by this Court on him with regard to the 475 million. 
With regard to the mental health examination, I'm 
jumping ahead just a tad, we find that a bit amusing, your 
Honor. Here's a fellow who's been in jail 18 years and never 
had a mental health examination. No one apparently thought it 
was sufficient or required to have a mental health evaluation 
for 18 years in a federal penitentiary. That strikes us as 
maybe a bit of retaliation for my simply requesting that 
someone accompany him when the supervisory officers came by. 
Maybe it's not, but that one strikes me as very odd. 
With regard to the employment, what counsel apparently 
is referring to is Towers Financial. 
THE COURT: Is what? 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592344
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 26 of 36 
Dc5Whofl 
MR. RAISE: Towers Financial. There is no such thing 
as Towers Financial now. I mean, Mr. Hoffenberg is devoting 
his time and effort, as I understand it from him and his 
colleagues, full time attempting to seek restitution of a 
partial amount or all of the amount of this 475 million. 
Now, again, the supervisory release is to help 
integrate this fellow back into society and there's a 
concomitant requirement, obviously, looking out for the 
protection of the public. Strikes me he has learned his 
lesson, that the danger that he would pose to the public which 
is an issue that I've raised in my letter, didn't bring up 
today because I think it's better dealt with in written papers 
to your Honor, and that's what I call the scarlet letter, and 
that is and what I couldn't figure out, nor other counsel, with 
all the phone calls that he is making, presumably letters that 
he's writing, it would appear to me that the supervised release 
officers are wanting him to report every one of those to their 
office. And not only do you report, they have the opportunity 
to call up the person he is talking to and say, Hey, do you 
know this guy's a crook, do you know what he did? 
I think most people who operate in this area know what 
Mr. Hoffenberg did, and he's very up front. In fact, he tells 
those who are unaware, and I think I proposed maybe written 
confirmation that the person sign, but it strikes me as I look 
at the case law in this area, this trying to keep tabs of him 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592345
--- PAGE 27 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 27 of 36 
Do5whof 1 
as he's trying to reintegrate himself back into the community, 
trying to collect this money is a bit of, as I said, a scarlet 
letter and the court cases, as you know, talk about this a 
great deal, particularly in the Second Circuit. 
The financial disclosure forms, again, strikes me that 
that is a little uncertain. He's certainly willing to fill out 
financial disclosure forms. He has an account at Chase 
Manhattan. If they want to see that, fine. This is not as if 
he's stealing from Chase Manhattan, but it involves all the 
efforts that he is attempting to undertake with regard to 
obtaining restitution. That does strike us as not assisting 
him in reintegrating himself, paying his debt to society, which 
he's already paid in large portion, but he's committed to 
restitution of a large sum of money as well. 
But going back and saying that he is a danger because 
he assaulted someone, I'm not sure where that came from. I 
certainly don't blame counsel for bringing that up, but I do 
find it puzzling that it's turned against him and these 
officers are suggesting mentally and through an incident that 
occurred 14 years ago upon him, utilized to protect them, it 
strikes me that is a bit disingenuous, your Honor. 
If counsel wishes to respond, if I'm incorrect on my 
facts, I'll stand corrected. 
THE COURT: That's all right. Anything else you want 
to tell me? 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592346
--- PAGE 28 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 28 of 36 
Dc5Whofl 
MR. BAISE: No. Thank you. 
THE COURT: Anything from the government with respect 
to your requests? 
MR. COOPER: Yes, your Honor, briefly, just to clarify 
a few things. 
One, with respect to the mental health evaluation, the 
presentence report refers to various issues that give rise to 
that request. So that's the source of that. 
Second, just to clarify the record, the government is 
not using the assault in the BOP as a pretense for getting this 
condition or for opposing the request that somebody always be 
present. It's primarily a matter of flexibility and the need 
not to preschedule the home visits that gives rise to that 
position. 
On financial disclosure forms, it's my understanding 
from the officers that nowadays with respect to financial 
crimes that special condition is somewhat routinely imposed. 
It was not in this case because the judgment was imposed in 
1997, when it wasn't as frequent a condition. 
With respect to the third-party risk and the probation 
office notifying third parties of the defendant's status, 
again, it's my understanding from the officer that in the 
normal course, the probation officer discusses with the 
defendant what the defendant is doing with respect to business, 
to try to get back into the working world and then makes a 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592347
--- PAGE 29 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 29 of 36 
Dc5whof 1 
determination, based on those conversations, whether there's a 
potential risk. This is not the situation where on receiving a 
list of people that the defendant is working with the probation 
office in a blunderbuss fashion contacts everybody to announce 
the releasee's status as someone who's been convicted of a 
crime. 
I believe that's all, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. COOPER: Thank you. 
THE COURT: Thank you all very much. I think this has 
been fruitful and I hope we can work out a supervised release 
for Mr. Hoffenberg that is going to benefit him and ensure that 
the process is an appropriate one. 
With respect to the issue of time of the inspections, 
it's standard in the district, it's standard in the office, not 
to announce the time of the visits, and there will be no 
requirement of any announcement. That obviously will not 
prevent the defense, if at any time they feel that this has 
been abused, from bringing it to my attention, but I don't 
expect that that will be the case. 
As far as who is in the house, anybody can be in the 
house at any time. I certainly am not going to take any 
position on that at all, and if there's somebody there, fine. 
If there isn't somebody there, that's fine, too. 
With respect to travel, Mr. Hoffenberg is permitted to 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592348
--- PAGE 30 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 30 of 36 
Dc5whof 1 
travel to Philadelphia on any occasion that he deems 
appropriate to visit his wife, and the only condition there 
will be that he notify the probation office in advance that he 
wants to go. That is also true with respect to any travel 
within the City of New York that is related to meeting somebody 
at the airport or something of that kind. On the other hand, 
an airport's an airport, and so the probation office should 
also be notified of those visits. 
MR. BAISE: In writing, your Honor, or orally? 
THE COURT: No. Telephone calls. 
MR. BAISE: Just telephone call? 
THE COURT: Sure. That's fine. 
There's no serious request at the moment concerning 
China, so we won't even worry about that for now. 
The question of restitution and the past history is a 
sensitive issue, and I recognize that, because of the nature of 
the crime and the present circumstance, so there will be no 
direct contact with any of the victims. If Mr. Hoffenberg 
wants to talk to Jamie Dimon or Jeremy Epstein or Volker or 
anybody else about getting some money back, that's fine. 
Obviously, he can do that. 
Here's the point. If this is going to be a 
satisfactory supervised release, Mr. Hoffenberg has to work 
with the probation office and indicate to them what he intends 
to do about employment and the restitution. He's got to be 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592349
--- PAGE 31 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 31 of 36 
Dc5whof1 
candid about that. And as far as the employment is concerned, 
if the company is defunct, which I assume it is, whatever 
employment he gets into, he must be candid and forthright with 
the probation department for the obvious reason that he has a 
history, and that depends on what the proposed employment is. 
I think that takes care of those matters. 
For the moment, I think we'll pass the community 
service. Perhaps at a later stage, that might be something 
appropriate, but if in good faith Mr. Hoffenberg seriously 
wants to devote himself to trying to work to be in a position 
to make restitution, that certainly should be encouraged, and 
we'll see how that works out. At the moment, I think, 
community service, at this early stage in the supervised 
release -- it may be appropriate later -- at this point I would 
say it's not necessary. 
The mental health assessment will be done. There is a 
history. 
There will be no recording of the probation officer's 
statements or videotaping or anything of that kind. 
I think that covers everything. 
Procedurally, hopefully, this will all work itself 
out, the conditions, mandatory conditions of the sentence, the 
standard conditions. 
I didn't do the financial. Yes, financial disclosure, 
standard financial disclosure. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592350
--- PAGE 32 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 32 of 36 
Dc5Whofl 
The way in which any changes in the situation will 
result will come, I guess, one of two ways. One, the probation 
officer, if it's necessary, will advise me if he thinks a 
hearing is necessary, with respect to a violation of any of the 
provisions of supervised release. Alternatively, if the 
defense wants to raise any issue with me of some change that 
seems to be appropriate, I certainly am -- you may not 
recognize this possibility, but I intend to be Santa Claus and 
I'm going to be Santa Claus from December 12 to January 12. 
Other than that, I'm available to hear anything, and if 
anything is critical during that period, which I certainly hope 
will not be the case, but if it is, it is, I can always be 
reached and deal with whatever it is in some appropriate 
fashion. 
Is there anything else that we can profitably do 
today? 
Yes, sir. I'll defer to the defense. 
MR. BAISE: Thank you, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Only because of your age. 
MR. BAISE: Yes, of course. Of course. 
One comment. You keep referring to, your Honor, 
probation. 
THE COURT: I say probation office. 
MR. BAISE: Supervised release and you know as well as 
I do, there's a clear differentiation there, so that's just one 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592351
--- PAGE 33 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 33 of 36 
Dc5Whofl 
comment. 
Secondly, with regard to the mental health issue, 
Mr. Hoffenberg would prefer hiring his own person to do that. 
THE COURT: That's something that might work out. 
Depends on who it is and how it's done. That's something that 
could be discussed. But there will be an assessment. 
MR. BAISE: Okay. 
THE COURT: And one that seems appropriate to the 
probation officer. 
MR. BAISE: And he will pay for it. He's volunteered 
to do that. 
THE COURT: Who will pay for it? 
MR. BAISE: Mr. Hoffenberg will pay for it. 
THE COURT: I don't know, I guess. 
Who pays? 
MR. RAISE: Obviously, Mr. Hoffenberg would like to 
have flexibility, if that is indeed 
THE COURT: If he comes up with somebody that's 
satisfactory, I take it that that would be okay. 
MR. COOPER: I believe, if the individual is 
satisfactory to the probation office, then it's satisfactory. 
THE COURT: You're from Washington, but you don't 
understand we have psychiatrists in New York around every 
corner. 
MR. BAISE: We have them in Washington, too. We need 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592352
--- PAGE 34 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 34 of 36 
Dc5whof 1 
them down there. 
THE COURT: And some of them are very good. 
MR. BAISE: Let's hope they are. 
THE COURT: If he finds such a person, I'm sure it 
will work out. 
MR. COX: Your Honor. 
THE COURT: Excuse me. 
Anything else? 
MR. BAISE: The only item, when you said, no contact 
with the victims --
THE COURT: Now, look. 
MR. BAISE: 
we have counsel here. 
THE COURT: Obviously, he cannot prevent somebody from 
calling him up. 
MR. RAISE: Calling him, okay, fine. 
THE COURT: Obviously, he can't prevent that, and any 
such contacts would be appropriate to report to the probation 
officer. But, again, as I say, there's got to be full 
disclosure of what this effort for restitution is all about. 
MR. BAISE: And we do not have any problem with that, 
although that's not an area that I am covering at this point. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. BAISE: He has counsel for that, but I just want 
the record to show that during his incarceration, he advises me 
that a number of people called him saying, How are you going to 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592353
--- PAGE 35 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 35 of 36 
Dc5whof 1 
help repay our funds, which is only a natural reaction from the 
person who, I want to be able to respond. 
THE COURT: He's in a position to say I cannot discuss 
that with you because I have been told not to contact any of 
the victims. 
MR. BAISE: He wouldn't be contacting them, they would 
be contacting him. 
THE COURT: Yes. I'm saying, but he doesn't, I think. 
I hope that's clear. 
MR. BAISE: It is, and particularly in dealing with 
one of the third parties, Mr. Epstein, and he's not a victim, 
so I just want to make that clear to the probation officer or 
the supervised release officer, he could not cut off any 
contact. 
Thank you very much, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Anything further from the government.' 
MR. COOPER: There was one request for a search 
special condition. 
THE COURT: I don't think that's necessary. I mean, I 
think the probation officer as a matter of law is entitled to 
search. But, if there is any question about it, the answer is 
yes, he may. 
MR. BAISE: There's some law that goes both ways on 
that. You have to have a mere suspicion, according to the 
Supreme Court, in a 1996 case, mere suspicion, but we'll bring 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
(212) 805-0300 
EFTA00592354
--- PAGE 36 ---
Case 1:94-cr-00213-RWS Document 150 Filed 01/08/14 Page 36 of 36 
Dc5whof 1 
that up in a memorandum that we will address to the Court. 
MR. COOPER: Lastly, your Honor, I'm advised that the 
probation office would like a release to speak with whatever 
mental health provider does the evaluation after that provider 
is approved by the office. 
THE COURT: Sure. Of course. 
MR. COOPER: With that, nothing else from the 
government. Thank you, your Honor. 
MR. BAISE: The defense agrees with that. 
THE COURT: That's fine. Good luck. I hope it works 
out and that we never have to meet again on this subject. 
Is there anything else? Thank you, all. 
MR. RAISE: Not from the defense. Thank you, your 
Honor. 
THE COURT: By the way, written record, it's here. We 
have the best court reporter in the business. All you have to 
do is pay her. 
MR. KRAMER: Your Honor, I noticed the portrait in the 
back of Judge Thomas. 
THE COURT: It's my father. 
MR. KRAMER: That's what I wanted to know. 
THE COURT: You can tell, there is a reason for those 
two gentlemen being there. Never trust a man with a moustache. 
Thank you. 
(Adjourned) 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592355

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592356.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA 
FOURTH DISTRICT, 1525 PALM BEACH LAKES BLVD., WEST PALM 
BEACH, FL 33401 
June 23, 2014 
CASE NO.: 4D14-2282 
L.T. No.: 
502009CA040800XXXXM 
B 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and SCOTT 
ROTHSTEIN 
Appellant / Petitioner(s) 
Appellee / Respondent(s) 
BY ORDER OF THE COURT: 
The jurisdiction of this court was invoked by filing of a Notice of Appeal in the lower 
tribunal. The $300.00 filing fee, or a circuit court clerk's determination of indigent status, did not 
accompany the Notice of Appeal as required in Florida Rules of Appellate Procedure 9.110(b) 
and 9.140(a). The filing fee is due and payable at the time of filing REGARDLESS OF 
WHETHER THE APPEAL IS LATER DISMISSED VOLUNTARILY OR ADVERSELY. 
ORDERED, appellant shall pay the $300.00 filing fee or file the circuit court clerk's 
determination of indigent status in this Court within ten (10) days from the date of the entry of 
this order. Failure to comply within the time prescribed will result in dismissal of this cause and 
may result in the court sanctioning of any party, or the party's attorney, who has not paid the 
filing fee. The attorney filing the notice of appeal has a duty to tender the filing fee to the 
appellate court when the appeal is initiated. See In Re Payment of Filing Fees, 744 So. 2d 1025 
(Fla. 4DCA 1997). Failure of the attorney to pay will result in referral to the Florida Department 
of Banking and Finance for collection. 
"NOTE: This order does not toll the time for filing any pleadings necessary to prosecute 
this appeal and no extensions of time will be entertained. Once the fee is paid, it is not 
refundable. Except for dismissal, this court will take no action in this appeal until the filing fee is 
paid or until a circuit court clerk's determination of indigent status is filed. 
Served: 
cc: 
Fred Haddad 
William B. King 
Tonja Coleman 
tw 
W. Chester Brewer 
Jack Alan Goldberger 
LONN WEISSBLUM, Clerk 
Fourth District Court of Appeal 
Philip M. Burlington 
Mark Nurik 
Clerk Palm Beach 
EFTA00592356
--- PAGE 2 ---
Fourth District Court of Appeal 
1525 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
(561) 242-2000 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF NEW CASE 
DATE: June 23, 2014 
STYLE: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and SCOTT 
ROTHSTEIN 
4DCA#: 14-2282 
The Fourth District Court of Appeal has received the Notice of Appeal reflecting a filing date of June 19. 2014. 
The county of origin is Palm Beach. 
The lower tribunal case number provided is 502009CA040800XXXXMB. 
The filing fee is DUE. 
Case Type: 
Civil 
Other 
Final 
The Fourth District Court of Appeal's case number must be utilized on all pleadings and correspondence filed in 
this cause. Moreover, ALL PLEADINGS MUST INCLUDE THE ATTORNEY'S FLORIDA BAR NUMBER and a 
physical address. 
As of May 1, 2013, attorneys are required to electronically file all documents at 
eDCA.4DCA.org. 
cc: 
Fred Haddad 
W. Chester Brewer 
Philip M. Burlington 
William B. King 
Jack Alan Goldberger 
Mark Nurik 
Tonja Coleman 
tw 
EFTA00592357
--- PAGE 3 ---
FOURTH DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL 
NOTICE TO ATTORNEYS AND PARTIES 
REVISED AUGUST 21,2013 
Please read the following court policies and requirements concerning the appeal or petition you have filed. 
MANDATORY ELECTRONIC FILING BEGINS MAY 1, 2013 
Mandatory electronic filing by attorneys begins May 1,2013. 
Please go to our website www.4dca.org for details and administrative orders. 
Pro se parties may not file electronically and must continue to file documents in paper. 
Attorneys may request a hardship waiver from the court to continue to file paper documents. 
1. MOTIONS: Ha. R. App. P. 9.300. Excessive motion practice is strongly discouraged. Any record material 
supporting a motion shall be contained in an appendix with the motion. Motions concerning preparation of the 
record or brief, extensions of time (see paragraph 2 below), or to reschedule oral argument, shall contain a certificate 
that opposing counsel has been consulted and shall state whether opposing counsel has an objection to the motion. 
Attempts to contact opposing counsel are not sufficient. Any response to a motion shall be promptly filed, and in any 
case not later than 10 days after service. Motions for extension of time or to supplement the record may be ruled on 
without waiting for a response. No reply to the response will be considered unless specifically authorized by this 
Court. Any unauthorized reply will be stricken without consideration. 
2. EXTENSIONS OF TIME: Fla. R. App. P. 9.300. Limited extension for initial and answer briefs will be granted by 
the clerk, unless the motion certifies that the opposing party opposes the motion. Extensions of time for preparation 
of the transcript or the record on appeal automatically extend the time for service of the initial brief. The court may 
limit extensions in any appeal. See paragraph 1 above for motion requirements. Additionally, in lieu of an agreed 
motion for extension of time to file an initial, answer or reply brief, pursuant to Fla. R. App. P. 9.300(a), the court 
will accept a notice from a party that the parties have agreed to a specific extension of time. An agreed notice will be 
accepted for up to a total of 120 days for an initial or answer brief, and 60 days for a reply brief. The notice need not 
be signed by both parties. No order will issue from the court: please check the docket entry. This procedure shall 
apply to criminal and civil appeals, including dissolutions of marriage. It shall not apply to appeals from adoptions, 
dependency, termination of parental rights, non-final orders, or any expedited or emergency appeal. See 
Administration Order No. 2011-2 on the court's website for details as to the form of the notice. 
3. SERVICE OF FILINGS: Fla. R. App. P. 9.420. All filings, c.g., motions, petitions, notices, briefs, appendices. 
etc., must contain a certificate of service. All certificates of service, including those on notices of appeal, must 
contain the name and physical address of the attorney or party served, not just the email address. 
4. EMERGENCY FILINGS: Every motion or petition filed in this court designated as an - emergency" by the filer 
must contain a certificate certifying the existence and nature of the emergency. The filer must notify the court 
immediately in the event the emergency no longer exists. 
5. STATUS INQUIRIES: Any request for the current status of a pending case must be made to the clerk's office and 
may not be made to a judge of the court or the personal staff of any judge. Case dockets are available online at 
www.4dca.org.
6. RELATED CASES: All parties shall promptly bring to the court's attention the pendency in this court of any 
related case, or any case involving related issues. In criminal cases where multiple defendants participated in a joint 
trial, the parties shall notify the court of any other appeals, whether pending or concluded, from the same trial. 
7. TRANSCRIPTS: All transcripts submitted as pan of the record must appear as one page of transcript per page. 
Four pane transcripts (four pages of transcript on a page) will be rejected. 
8. PHYSICAL EXHIBITS: No physical evidence (excluding documents) or outsized exhibits shall be included in the 
record on appeal without the party first requesting permission of the court. It is the responsibility of the party to 
insure that the circuit court clerk has included any relevant documentary evidence introduced at trial in the record on 
appeal. 
EFTA00592358
--- PAGE 4 ---
9. SUPPLEMENTAL AUTHORITY: Fla. R. App. P. 9.225. A copy of the newly discovered authority should be 
attached to the notice. The notice should also designate clearly the issue to which the supplemental authority is 
pertinent. Absolutely no argument or comment on the authority will be accepted. 
10. ORAL ARGUMENT: Fla. R. App. P. 9.320. A request for oral argument shall be a separate filing, clearly 
designated as such, and shall contain no other subject. It shall not be made as part of a brief or appendix. The 
request must contain a specific but brief reason as to why oral argument is necessary. It may contain a designation of 
10, 15 or 20 minutes as the amount of time requested for oral argument. Oral argument for each side shall not exceed 
minutes. At any time before oral argument the court in its discretion may dispense with, limit or expand the time 
for oral argument as it deems appropriate to the issues raised. Cases without oral argument are subject to the same 
review, analysis and consideration by a three judge panel as are cases that are orally argued. 
11. SCHEDULING CONFLICTS: Calendar conflicts shall be resolved in accordance with Florida Rule of Judicial 
Administration 2.550. "Notices of Unavailability" are unauthorized and will be automatically stricken. Requests 
for continuances of oral argument must be based on either a substantial commitment preexisting the receipt of the 
oral argument calendar or an emergency situation. 
12. REHEARING: Although motions for rehearing are permitted by Fla. I. App. P. 9.330, they should be rare. See 
Lawyers Title Insurance Corporation v. Reims, 631 So.2d 1100 (Fla. 4Th DCA 1993) and 631 So.2d 1101 (Fla. 4'h 
DCA 1994). The court strongly discourages the practice of routinely filing such motions or the filing of those which 
merely re-argue the merits or question the court's decision. Where there has been an award of attorney's fees on 
appeal in connection with our decision on the merits, additional fees will be awarded upon a denial of a motion for 
rehearing. 
13. RIGHTS OF CHILDREN: Fla. R. App. P. 9.146. Cases involving adoption, termination of parental rights, and 
those involving families and children in need of services are expedited. Consult the rule for the time and procedure 
requirements. Cases relating to child custody, visitation privileges, or other substantial interests of children will be 
expedited upon proper motion. 
14. ATTORNEYS NOT LICENSED IN FLORIDA: Attorneys who are members in good standing in other 
jurisdictions may be granted permission by court order to appear in proceedings in this court. See Fla. R. App. P. 
9.440(a) and the requirements contained in Florida Rule of Judicial Administration 2.510 (formerly Florida Rule of 
Judicial Administration 2.061). Pursuant to Section 35.22(3Xa), Florida Statutes, the clerk is required to collect a 
$100 filing fee from each attorney appearing pro hac vice, an order for the payment of which will be issued when and 
if the motion to appear is granted. An additional fee of $250 is required by the Florida Bar. 
IS. CONFIDENTIAL APPELLATE JUDGE FEEDBACK FORM FOR ATTORNEYS: Please go to our website, 
www.4dca.ore, click on "Clerk's Office", then click on "Appellate Judge Feedback Form for Attorneys" for the link 
to the information on The Florida Bar website. 
16. CHANGE OF ADDRESS OF ATTORNEYS OR PARTIES: All attorneys representing parties in this court and 
parties representing themselves must promptly notify this court of any change of address. 
17. DROP BOX: The Court does not maintain a physical drop box. If you are pro se or an attorney exempt from 
electronic filing and would like your paper filing to be clocked-in and filed for the previous business day, you must 
file the document at the Clerk's Office BEFORE 9:00 M. If it is after 9:00 
no filings will be clocked-in for 
the previous business day. 
IMPORTANT: The drop box does not extend jurisdictional time limits. See Capone v. Fla. Board of Regents, 774 
So.2d 825 (Fla. 4'h DCA 2000). Petitions for original writs, notices of appeal, and notices to invoke discretionary 
jurisdiction will be clocked-in for the date they are electronically filed or received as a paper filing in the Clerk's 
Office. 
18. AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT: If you are a person with a disability who needs any 
accommodation in order to participate in this proceeding, you are entitled, at no cost to you, the provision of 
certain assistance. Please contact the Marshal, Daniel DiGiacomo, 4Th District Court of Appeal, 1525 Palm 
Beach Lakes Blvd., West Palm Beach, Florida 33401, telephone (561)242-2000; 1-800-955-8771(TDD): or I-
800-955-8770(V) via Florida Relay Service, at least 7 days before your scheduled court appearance, or 
immediately upon receiving this notification if the time before the scheduled appearance is less than 7 days; if 
you are hearing or voice impaired, call 711. 
EFTA00592359
--- PAGE 5 ---
DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL, FOURTH DISTRICT 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
NOTICE 
To All Unregistered Attorneys 
December 11, 2013 
In order to receive electronic notification of documents filed in or issued by this Court, 
all attorneys in cases before this Court are required to register with the Court's 
electronic filing system, eDCA. 
Pursuant to Administrative Order 2013-1, attorneys were required to register with 
eDCA on May 1, 2013 and are required to file all pleadings electronically. Letters of 
acknowledgment, court orders, court opinions, and court mandates are issued to 
registered users through electronic Casemail ONLY with no paper copies being mailed 
to registered users. 
Additionally, registered users will receive electronic Casemail 
when a document is filed by counsel, court reporter, lower tribunal. etc. Unless a 
hardship waiver of the registration requirement has been obtained, the Clerk of the 
Court shall cease mailing paper copies of all communications from the Court. 
DO NOT MISS RECEIVING NOTICES OF IMPORTANT COURT 
AND OTHER ACTIONS IN THIS CASE 
To register with eDCA, attorneys must visit the Court's website, www.4dca.orq, and 
click on the "eDCA" link at the top of the page. That link will take users to a log-in page 
which allows registered users to log in to eDCA and instructs unregistered users how 
to register. Registrations are processed during regular business hours of the clerk's 
office. 
LONN WEISSBLUM, Clerk 
Fourth District Court of Appeal 
EFTA00592360

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592361.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Tue. 28 April 2015 09:57:55 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page I of 4 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator AKMMLX 
AgentDetails 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing authorization is received. Please contact your 
travel office by 11:59 PM on April 29, or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Thursday 30 Apr 15 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES- PASSPORTS MUST BE VALID FOR AT LEAST 6 MONTHS BEYOND THE RETURN 
DATE OF TRAVEL 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
ea 
AA207 
Milan. Malpensa 
Miami. Miami International 
10:10 AM 
02:50 PM 
Terminal 1 
V Economy Class 
38B 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Hrs 40 Mins 
Boeing 767-300/300E, 
Lunch Snack 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 4 
Itinerary AKMMLX 
"' EFtICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00592361
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 4 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Ines 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Class 
Seats 
AA2379 
Miami. Miami International 
Charlotte Amalie, Cyril E King Airport 
06:20 PM 
08:56 PM 
V Economy Class 
34D 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Monday 04 May 15 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 36 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 757-200/300 
Meal 
Food For Purchase 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
American Airlines 
AA198 
New York. John F Kennedy International 
Milan. Malpensa 
06:00 PM 
08:25 AM / 05 May 2015 
Terminal 8 
Terminal 1 
N Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 25 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 767-300/300E( 
Meal 
Dinner Continental Bfast 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-----------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
• 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 72 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
• 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
Page 2 of 4 
Itinerary AKMMLX 
E R I C A IV 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00592362
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 4 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival, when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at www mencanexpress ccoafi-
To book your stay, vlsk amerIcanexpress.cornlfhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories am not eligible for upgrade: cat Centurion Travel Samoa for details 
•• Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at www.allianzcan. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise, accommodaticos, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includng. without limitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodicary review vivew V mac entr al. con) for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel 
destination. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Air Transportation Important akline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit http://myamextravelcomIstaticiconffitions fa more information 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5120). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids, oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints, lighter fluid. fireworks, tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in you' luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit http:.,,a,ww fas.o 
aboutanit 
 vesThazmat safety). 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Senrices Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. irvury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly. from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbocking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or 
falures of equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public internet telecommunications lines or facires. or third party technology systems. IN any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you ki finding travel suppliers and makng arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel supplers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certan suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to tine may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supportng technology initiatives. In addibon, we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppbers and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation and incenbves we receive. are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including suppler availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppbers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than 550 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider a such matey was not refunded to you when required. The 
rim:ilium amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your claim 
and a $35 processeig fee. CAaimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 600t: Larkspur. CA 91977-6001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: www.tcronfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
Page 3 of 
Itinerary AKMMLX 
Z
ERI
EXP
EFTA00592363
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of 4 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product andfior date. 
USDA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a steer of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of travel services or a 
vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information relating to your rghts under the Recovery 
Fund and the fang of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fwd. you may contact the Consumer Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at 
the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue. Suite 101, Las Vegas, Nevada 89104. Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
NORTHERN NEVADA. 4600 Kietzke Lane. Building B. Suite 113. Reno, Nevada 89502. Phone: 
California CSTS1022318. Washington UM/1600-469-694. Iowa TA11002. Nevada NW/2001-012e. 
Fax: 
. e-mail: 
Page 4 of 4 
Itinerary AKIAMLX 
Z
.• E RICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00592364

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592365.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592365.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Mon. 27 April 2015 18:21:21 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page 1 of 4 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
AgentDetails 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing authorization is received. Please contact your 
travel office by 11:59 PM on April 28, or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Thursday 30 Apr 15 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES- PASSPORTS MUST BE VALID FOR AT LEAST 6 MONTHS BEYOND THE RETURN 
DATE OF TRAVEL 
Flight Information 
Aldine Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
irlines 
AA207 
Milan. Malpensa 
Miami. Miami International 
10:10 AM 
02:50 PM 
Terminal 1 
B Economy Class 
38B 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Hrs 40 Mins 
Boeing 767-300/300a 
Lunch Snack 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 4 
Itinerary AKMMLX 
AMERICAN 
EGRESS 
EFTA00592365
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 4 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Class 
Seats 
American Airlines 
AA2379 
Miami. Miami International 
Charlotte Amalie. Cyril E King Airport 
C6:20 PM 
08:56 PM 
V Economy Class 
34D 
Travel Details 
Monday 04 May 15 
Flight Information 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 36 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 757-200/300 
Meal 
Food For Purchase 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
er can AIrllnes 
AA198 
New York. John F Kennedy International 
Milan. Malpensa 
C6:00 PM 
08:25 AM / 05 May 2015 
Terminal 8 
Terminal 1 
S Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated lime 
Hrs 25 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 767-300/300Er 
Meal 
Dinner Continental Bfast 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-----------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
• 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 72 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
• 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
•---
Page 2 of 4 
Itinerary AKMMLX 
A, E RICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00592366
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 4 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival, when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at www mencanexpress ccoafi-
To book your stay, vlsk amerIcanexpress.cornlfhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories am not eligible for upgrade: cat Centurion Travel Samoa for details 
•• Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at www.allianzcan. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise, accommodaticos, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includng. without limitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodicary review vivew V mac entr al. con) for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel 
destination. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Air Transportation Important akline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit http://myamextravelcomIstaticiconffitions fa more information 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5120). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids, oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints, lighter fluid. fireworks, tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in you' luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit http:.,,a,ww fas.o 
aboutanit 
 vesThazmat safety). 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Senrices Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. irvury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly. from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbocking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or 
falures of equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public internet telecommunications lines or facires. or third party technology systems. IN any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you ki finding travel suppliers and makng arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel supplers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certan suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to tine may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supportng technology initiatives. In addibon, we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppbers and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation and incenbves we receive. are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including suppler availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppbers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than 550 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider a such matey was not refunded to you when required. The 
rim:ilium amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your claim 
and a $35 processeig fee. CAaimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 600t: Larkspur. CA 91977-6001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: www.tcronfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
Page 3 of 
Itinerary AKMMLX 
Z
ERI
EXP
EFTA00592367
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of 4 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product andfior date. 
USDA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a steer of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of travel services or a 
vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information relating to your rghts under the Recovery 
Fund and the fang of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fwd. you may contact the Consumer Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at 
the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue. Suite 101, Las Vegas, Nevada 89104. Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
NORTHERN NEVADA. 4600 Kietzke Lane. Building B. Suite 113. Reno, Nevada 89502. Phone: 
California CSTS1022318. Washington UM/1600-469-694. Iowa TA11002. Nevada NW/2001-012e. 
Fax: 
. e-mail: 
Page 4 of 4 
Itinerary AKIAMLX 
Z
.• E RICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00592368

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592369.pdf
----------------------------------------
H3ulgiva 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
x 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
Before: 
Civ. 7433 (RWS) 
Oral Argument 
New York, N.Y. 
March 31, 2017 
12:08 p.m. 
HON. ROBERT W. SWEET, 
District Judge 
APPEARANCES 
BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
BY: SIGRID S. McCAWLEY, ESQ. 
MEREDITH L. SCHULTZ, ESQ. 
S.J. QUINNEY COLLEGE OF LAW AT THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH 
For Plaintiff 
BY: PAUL G. CASSELL, ESQ. 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, FISTOS, LEHRMAN, P.L. 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
BY: BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, ESQ. 
HADDON, MORGAN AND FOREMAN, P.C. 
Attorneys for Defendant 
BY: JEFFREY S. PAGLIUCA, ESQ. 
LAURA A. MENNINGER, ESQ. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592369
--- PAGE 2 ---
H3ulgiva 
(Case called) 
THE COURT: We have a problem, folks. By my count 
and of course one can count differently depending on how you 
treat these matters, but one count I have is that we have 45 
motions before me. That may not be entirely accurate, but it's 
not too far off. 
Here's my suggestion. Well, first of all, I think, 
though you have shown absolutely no mercy to me, I am prepared 
to show a little mercy to you. Translated, if you want to, we 
can schedule this so you can have lunch. On the other hand, if 
you don't want lunch, that's okay. I can endure. 
By the way, the Epstein motion will go over to 
tomorrow because we were told, if I understand it correctly, 
that they didn't know it was on for today. How that ignorance 
exists, I don't know, but anyhow, we'll put that over to 
tomorrow. 
So what I would suggest is that today -- and today 
ends, for our joint effort, at 3:30 -- the defendant's motion 
with respect to the supplemental reports of Jansen and Kliman; 
the 302 motion; and there are three that seem to me to go 
together -- the references to the Florida action, the CVRA 
action; the Epstein plea agreement and nonprosecution, and 
registration; and the victim notification letter. Seems to me 
all those present same of the same basic problems, and I'll 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592370
--- PAGE 3 ---
H3ulgiva 
hear those together. And then the defendant's motion with 
respect to 
sexual history and the 
motion on 
Maxwell's involvement with Epstein's activities. 
So that's my thought. We could go say until 1:30 and 
then break for lunch, resume at 2:30 and go another hour, or go 
straight through. Why don't you all confer, see what you want 
to do. And the remainder, we can do tomorrow. We'll start at 
10:00. Do you all want to confer for a moment and see what you 
want to do? 
MS. McCAWLEY: Well, your Honor, on our part, we want 
to spend as much time getting through this today as we can, so 
we would prefer not to take a lunch break because there are so 
many things we need to get through, we'd want to try to utilize 
as much of your time as we can. 
THE COURT: Okay. No lunch. Go. Defendant's motion 
with respect to the supplemental reports. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Your Honor, could I just have one point 
of clarification. I'm sorry. With respect to plaintiff's 
omnibus motion, we were planning to argue that today. That has 
several subparts. 
THE COURT: Well, why don't we leave that for 
tomorrow. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, I would like to leave it 
for tomorrow. There was a 60-page reply that was served on 
Monday night and so if we could just have until tomorrow on 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592371
--- PAGE 4 ---
H3ulgiva 
that, I would appreciate it. 
There was a 60-page reply filed on that motion on 
Monday night. 
THE COURT: Does that surprise you? Doesn't surprise 
re. 
MS. MENNINGER: No. It doesn't. 
THE COURT: Well, okay. 
MS. MENNINGER: But if we could do it tomorrow, I'd 
appreciate it. 
THE COURT: Well, I was planning to, wasn't I? Yes. 
MS. MENNINGER: I agree with your Honor. 
THE COURT: Yes. Okay. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Good afternoon again, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Good afternoon. 
Yes. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Your Honor, with regard to the motion 
on the late-disclosed supplemental report of Jansen and the 
video exhibit of Dr. Kliman, first, I'd like to start with 
Kliman, if I could. 
Dr. Kliman is a summary witness who has no firsthand 
knowledge about the facts associated with this case. He's been 
proffered as an expert in psychiatry. And the majority of his 
opinions don't really relate to psychiatry; they relate to 
credibility issues of the plaintiff in this case. Replete 
through the opinion, original opinion that he offered, are a 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592372
--- PAGE 5 ---
H3ulgiva 
number of what I deem to be improper vouching. 
THE COURT: Let's get to the supplemental reports. 
I've read the papers on the Daubert aspect and I have some 
familiarity with the report, but let's get to the supplemental. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: I will, your Honor. And I start there 
because that is a primary problem with the -- it's not a 
supplemental report. I mean, what happened was, in terms of 
the backdrop here 
THE COURT: Let me see if I can shorthand this. What 
you're complaining about is not the video of 
but the 
summary. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: I'm complaining about both, your Honor. 
And let me explain why. 
THE COURT: Okay. Forget about the summary for a 
moment. You didn't get the video at the time the report was 
filed. You got the report, I think it was September, whenever 
it was. You didn't get the video, but you did get it before 
the deposition. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Here's the distinction I need the Court 
to understand. What we got after the report was filed was 
approximately four hours of video conducted over a two-day time 
frame. So there's a large portion of video conducted over a 
two-day time frame. When I arrived at Dr. Kliman's office on 
November 17th, I believe it was --
THE COURT: Well, you were in San Francisco, so what's 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592373
--- PAGE 6 ---
H3ulgiva 
wrong with that? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: I love San Francisco, if I could 
actually spend some time there, but going from an airport to a 
hotel and Dr. Kliman's office was not my idea of a good time. 
So we get there, and I get a 15-megabyte flash drive, 
which has a lot of things on it, including something I've never 
seen before. 
THE COURT: By the way, so was that as a result of a 
request of yours? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Yes. 
THE COURT: Oh. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Yes. We had requested, and in fact 
issued a subpoena, for all of Dr. Kliman's materials, and, you 
know, I don't mind things coming in a little bit late in these 
regards because I can prepare for the deposition. But the 
problem, your Honor, is, the morning of the deposition, I get 
this --
THE COURT: No. I know. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Okay. And it is not simply a --
THE COURT: I understand. You got it right just 
before. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: But your Honor, this is not clear in 
the papers, and indulge me, please, for one moment. The video 
that I get when I get there is a professionally edited video, 
and it takes different segments of what I was previously 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592374
--- PAGE 7 ---
H3ulgiva 
provided and it compiles it in, you know, almost a documentary 
fashion, if you will. And so we have the plaintiff, in 
different clips, from different days, and different times, 
saying things --
THE COURT: Of course the other problem is, so that's 
in September. When was this, late September? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: No. November 17th
THE COURT: November. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: So the reports are due in September, we 
get this in --
THE COURT: It would have been nice to have this issue 
raised then, not now. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Well, your Honor, I said to them at the 
time, you know, I don't believe this is admissible and I don't 
need to do anything about it. So it's not my -- they're the 
ones who are not in compliance with the rule, not me. And so 
if you want to do something about it, I think you need to be 
prophylactic. 
THE COURT: Okay. Anything else you want to tell me? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Yes, your Honor. Embedded in this 
edited footage are nine separate statements, advocacy 
statements by Kliman, such as calling Ms. Maxwell a 
perpetrator, someone he's never met before, but he feels free 
to call her a perpetrator in the middle of this videotape. He 
feels free to opine, you know, in these editorial comments of 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592375
--- PAGE 8 ---
H3u1giva 
his that --
THE COURT: That's a whole different issue. Right? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Yes. I agree. 
And finally, your Honor, on this Kliman issue, it 
seems to me that all of this is -- well, let me back up. Here 
are the reasons why it's prejudicial, and I don't think we can 
just say, this is a videotape, so what? I never had the 
opportunity, because the deadlines expired for experts, to give 
the edited version to any other expert to analyze the footage, 
to compare it to the original footage, to see how it was 
filmed; never had the opportunity to give it to any 
psychological expert to examine those particular clips and how 
they were put together. 
THE COURT: Of course, we could have extended the 
deadlines if you had wanted. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Your Honor, again, I'm not the person 
who didn't comply with the rule. It's not on me to do that, in 
my view. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: So that's Kliman, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Well, and by the way, it's also 
cumulative testimony. I don't believe that it would be 
appropriate for the plaintiffs to testify, then have Kliman 
testify, and then during Kliman's testimony there's this staged 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592376
--- PAGE 9 ---
H3ulgiva 
presentation in front of Kliman that he gets to then comment 
on. And so really what we're doing is we're trying to clean up 
the in-court testimony by an out-of-court statement to this 
psychologist that he then gets to stop and opine on for the 
jury during the middle of all of this. That seems to be 
cumulative. It's also prejudicial, and it also denies my 
ability to confront and cross-examine a witness who is 
appearing for the camera and acting. So that's Kliman. 
Jansen, your Honor, is a true new report. Dr. Jansen 
issued his report. We then issue a rebuttal report to 
Dr. Jansen in which our expert points out that Dr. Jansen 
didn't record any of the data that he purportedly relies on. 
So right after we issue our rebuttal report, we get new data 
from Dr. Jansen, and it's curious because the report by Jansen 
is written on September 9th but the data that we then get, in 
response to our subpoena, is November 2nd. That's fine. I 
go take his deposition, and during his deposition I'm asking 
him questions about, well, you know, how do you come up with 
this number? And he can't give me an answer, because he 
doesn't have any of the material that he purportedly relied on 
to issue the opinion. So I'm feeling pretty good about all 
this when we leave because I have a guy who issues a report 
that doesn't have any underlying data to support it and can't 
explain to me what these different numbers are and where they 
came from. You know, two weeks later, I get in the mail, or 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592377
--- PAGE 10 ---
IC 
H3ulgiva 
email, a supplemental report that is materially different than 
the report that I deposed this person on. And, you know, 
materially how? I mean, they want to say, oh, no, he's just 
doing ongoing work here. Well, the alleged number of articles 
has more than doubled in his review. The alleged unique users, 
which is his phrase for somebody who went on a website 
somewhere, is more than 10 million more, and the other number, 
which is the number of publications, has also more than 
doubled. So, you know, that is patently unfair, your Honor, to 
have somebody go redo their report after they've been 
cross-examined and come up with different opinions that I've 
never been able to depose anyone on. That's the problem. They 
should live with their opinion if it is admissible at all. 
MS. SCHULTZ: Your Honor, this is Meredith Schultz for 
I'll address the Dr. Kliman report first. And what 
defendant's briefing and what oral argument didn't make clear 
is that in advance of the deposition, Dr. Kliman provided 
defense counsel the entire videotaped interview with Ms. 
. They had all the footage already. 
THE COURT: Wait. In fairness, in advance of the 
deposition by ten minutes. 
MS. SCHULTZ: Sorry, your Honor. No. I think that's 
a misunderstanding. What they received "ten minutes before" 
were clips of the video. The entire video was produced well in 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592378
--- PAGE 11 ---
H3ulgiva 
advance of the deposition. What they're complaining about is 
that from that entire video certain segments were produced. So 
they already had that material already. They just didn't have 
it in a clip form. 
THE COURT: So you say that the production of the 
entire video was timely. 
MS. SCHULTZ: Yes, your Honor. And I would also say 
that the supplement was timely too. What was on that flash 
drive, 98 percent of that had already been produced before 
because they had the full-length video. It did include clips 
that Dr. Kliman made with subtitles. And then also it had some 
new billing statements that were more updated that were 
produced in accordance to Rule 26's requirements to supplement 
reports. So they had the long-form video ahead of the 
deposition. The clips of the videos that they already had is 
what they're complaining about here, and I don't think the 
briefing makes that clear. 
With regard to Dr. Jansen, I think there are also some 
misunderstandings there. The bottom line is that it is very 
reasonable to get the results that he did in his supplement. 
And it's based on how search engines index web content. So in 
the briefing, it says, oh, the supplemental report has articles 
from before the first report and so it's illegitimate. That's 
not a correct argument. And I think it's easily confused 
because of how search engines work. Basically documents that 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592379
--- PAGE 12 ---
H3ulgiva 
are the supplemental report, articles prior to September 9th, 
you know, if one does two searches on different days on a 
search engine, it's very reasonable to retrieve results during 
the second search that were published prior to the first 
search. It all depends on when the search engine added that 
content to its search index. So that's how search engines 
work. It's not going to have every single article on that day. 
It has to be added to the index. So the methodology employed 
was exactly the same as was employed in the first report. No 
expert has stated otherwise. And its methodology is rock 
solid. 
Counsel for defendant complained about no underlining 
data, but that's a little -- it's a misstatement. The expert 
provided what traffic services were used, provided the website 
domains, the URLs, provided the traffic numbers as well. So 
the data is there. So employing the exact same methodology to 
supplement the report, it's no surprise that additional 
articles are going to come up. For example, search engines 
will take a major website like the New York Times and crawl 
that multiple times a day to get new articles. Articles on 
more obscure websites won't be crawled by the search engine at 
the same rate. So doing a search on two different days, you 
are necessarily going to have two different results. And it 
will even pick up results that predate the first search, 
because it hasn't been crawled yet by the search engine that 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592380
--- PAGE 13 ---
H3ulgiva 
you're using. 
I know this is a little bit hypertechnical, but I 
think that understanding is important to understand why a 
supplemental report varies from the original report. If you 
did one today, you'd probably have even more articles. 
THE COURT: Anything else? 
MS. SCHULTZ: That's all I have. 
THE COURT: Okay. Let me ask you, defense 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Yes, your Honor. 
THE COURT: -- I gather from that, if I understand it, 
that it's the edited version on the flash drive, or whatever 
you call it, that's the one that you want excluded. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Correct. Your Honor, as I understand 
it, that is a proposed trial exhibit, although we haven't had 
an exhibit list yet. That is a specific rule that relates to 
trial exhibits. And to be clear, your Honor, there were four 
separate video clips that were late provided that I didn't 
complain about because I had them in advance of the deposition. 
Those four video clips total roughly four hours, give or take. 
From that four hours there was a professionally made exhibit 
that -- there are different camera angles displayed in this, 
the plaintiff has makeup on, the plaintiff is dressed in a 
suit. It is clearly edited to be an advocacy piece, your 
Honor. And so that is what was given to me the morning of and 
I didn't have an opportunity to look at it or cross-examine on 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592381
--- PAGE 14 ---
1: 
H3ulgiva 
it or give it to anybody to evaluate. That's the problem. 
THE COURT: Okay. Do you want to add anything on 
the --
MR. PAGLIUCA: On Jansen? 
THE COURT: Jansen? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Yes. I'm not mistaken and there is no 
misunderstanding here, your Honor. Jansen redid his report to 
try to take care of the deficiencies in the original report, 
the deficiencies pointed out in his deposition, and he ended up 
with substantially different results. That's point number one. 
Point number two is, it is not accurate to say that 
the additional 170 articles or multiples of sites postdated his 
deposition because in the reply -- and it's a bit of a 
confusing chart, I might add, your Honor. We have the dates of 
these publications which all show that they predate his 
deposition and his report, or the majority of them. So there's 
no excuse for it. 
THE COURT: Thank you. 
Next. 302. 
MS. MENNINGER: Good afternoon, your Honor. 
As you know, the 302 statement we're talking about 
here purports to be from an interview with the FBI in 2011 
about events supposedly occurring in 1997 through 2002, so some 
years later, and the report itself was purportedly written 
two years after the interview, in 2013. It is so heavily 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592382
--- PAGE 15 ---
H3ulgiva 
redacted, we have no idea who the author of the report is. 
THE COURT: What's the provenance of this report that 
we're talking about? 
MS. MENNINGER: It showed up in my discovery. 
THE COURT: You mean the plaintiff had it? 
MS. MENNINGER: Plaintiff had it, plaintiff provided 
it to us in discovery, plaintiff has not explained where it 
came from. 
THE COURT: End of story. 
MS. MENNINGER: Right. The author is redacted, your 
Honor. I don't know who authored the report. 
THE COURT: Right. All we know about it is that she 
had a copy of it. 
MS. MENNINGER: Apparently someone did and put it into 
the discovery. I don't know who had it or where they got it. 
THE COURT: Well, yes. Okay. All right. 
MS. MENNINGER: So, you know, alluding to that point, 
your Honor, there are so many redactions, it's unclear who 
wrote the report, but more importantly, the content of the 
report is so heavily redacted, we don't know what she's saying. 
I mean, there are pages where there are just sentence 
fragments. And so the problem, your Honor, which seems clear 
to me, is that, to the extent there are statements in there, 
they are hearsay statements. They are out of court. And so we 
raised that in our motion in Iimine, your Honor. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592383
--- PAGE 16 ---
H3ulgiva 
In response, the plaintiffs submitted that they're not 
trying to offer this report for the truth. They're offering it 
for the fact that their client, they say, reported this 
information to law enforcement, in 2011. Well, you don't need 
the report for her to get on the stand and testify that she met 
with FBI agents in 2011. She can just say that without the 
report itself coming in. And even if it were to come in, it's 
unclear why anything in the report is relevant to a disputed 
fact in our case. We don't know what she reported. We don't 
see the names of people in there. We can't tell what she said. 
And because of the redactions, we don't know who she said it 
to, etc. So we can't talk to that unknown person that's 
redacted. She apparently must know who she talked to, and she 
didn't disclose that person, for example, in her Rule 26 
disclosures, your Honor, so if she talked to someone about the 
facts of this case, didn't put them in her Rule 26 disclosures, 
then, your Honor, she's denied us the ability to get in touch 
with that person. 
As a backup and completely different argument to 
"we're not offering it for the truth of the matter," 
plaintiff's second argument is that they are offering it for 
the truth of the matter as a public record under 803(8). Your 
Honor, we already discussed for you why the document lacks 
trustworthiness. The source of the information is her. It's 
self-serving, to the extent it is a statement of fact, because 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592384
--- PAGE 17 ---
H3ulgiva 
I can't tell what it says. It would be self-serving. So your 
Honor, it essentially puts plaintiff in the position of getting 
on the stand and trying to say what she said to the FBI agent 
and denying us the ability, because of the redactions, to 
cross-examine her about what she actually said because the 
redactions cover up the content for the most part. 
Your Honor, prior consistent statements, I think our 
law is clear in the brief that it has to be a specific 
statement of fact and it has to be predating the motive to lie. 
This statement came after she had already sold her story to the 
reporter -- about a month later, I believe. So your Honor, her 
motive to lie had already arisen at the time it says that this 
interview was given, and that's all we really know about it. 
Because the interview with the reporter is actually containeci 
in the FBI statement. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Good morning, your Honor. It's Sigrid 
McCawley on behalf of 
Your Honor, this is not some obscure document that the 
Court would not recognize. I'd like to pass up some copies for 
your Honor. This is an FBI 302 report. It contains the seal 
of the FBI at the top of it. It contains the date. Can I 
approach, please. 
It's a document that's commonly used when FBI agents 
are conducting their investigations; in fact, it's required. 
It indicates that the signer of the document, the recorder of 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592385
--- PAGE 18 ---
H3ulgiva 
the document, was the individual who conducted the interview. 
And I'd like to clarify. A statement was made that we 
have not indicated who was involved in this FBI 302. We 
produced email traffic about the meeting and about the FBI 
agents involved in this meeting in discovery, probably nine 
months ago, your Honor. This FBI 302 has all of the 
trustworthiness that goes along with one of these documents. 
Again, it has the seal and everything that is required. Your 
Honor, it did come to us as a result of a FOIA request that we 
sent. It is, your Honor, produced in accordance with how the 
FBI 302s are typically kept. This is a public record under 
803(8)(a), your Honor. 
To be clear, it's actually a case that the defendants 
cited in their brief, Upstate Shredding, which is a Southern 
District of New York case, your Honor, that holds that these 
types of reports do come into evidence under the public record 
exception. Similarly, the Spanierman case, which is also, your 
Honor, a Southern District of New York case, similarly holds 
FBI records like the one that we are seeking to introduce are 
entered into evidence under this public records exception. 
So let's take a look at it. Again, at the top 
right-hand corner you're going to see the FBI seal, you're 
going to see the date, and you are going to see a lot of detail 
about the client's interview during this interview. And as you 
know, your Honor, this comes into play because the FBI was 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592386
--- PAGE 19 ---
H3ulgiva 
continuing to investigate Epstein. They flew to Australia to 
interview our client. She gave her witness statement to them 
along with other evidence that she produced to them, and that's 
recorded in this. And why is that important? That's important 
because in this very case, the defendants have claimed that 
other witnesses who did not report to law enforcement is 
problematic. So we want to be able to show this jury that yes, 
our client did report this to law enforcement, she gave a 
detailed statement to the FBI about what happened to her during 
her time with the defendant and Epstein, and it does outline 
those details, as you'll see looking through it. Of course 
there are redactions, but that doesn't make the document 
something that shouldn't be shown to the jury. In fact, it 
needs to be shown to the jury to show that our client did 
report her allegations to law enforcement and cooperated with 
law enforcement. So your Honor, it comes in for that, which is 
a nonhearsay purpose, to show simply that she did report to 
authorities, but it also comes in under the hearsay exception 
of 803(8)(a), so that it can come in as a public record. 
And let's just look at the prongs of that test. A 
requires that it was an office activity. This is something 
that the FBI regularly does. It regularly conducts 
investigations, meetings with individuals and then records them 
in these 302s. It was a matter done under their legal duty to 
report. The FBI is required to have these forms, and that is 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592387
--- PAGE 20 ---
H3ulgiva 
why it was recorded in this manner, your Honor. And it also 
has no indications of a lack of trustworthiness. Again, it 
says that the writer of the report, on the final page, was the 
interviewee. They make hay about the dates when the interview 
was versus the date of recording. That's not unusual either, 
your Honor. In the course of their work they will record 
information, interview witnesses, and then make their official 
recording at the time that it's needed, and that is what 
happened here, your Honor. So it meets all of the 
trustworthiness prongs that are necessary for an 803 public 
record, your Honor, and we believe that it should come in both 
under that as a hearsay exception and as nonhearsay to show 
that Ms. 
did report her allegations to law enforcement 
and cooperated with law enforcement. 
Thank you, your Honor. 
MS. MENNINGER: What you did not just hear is 
well, 
we don't have the FOIA request. We just have counsel 
testifying that they issued a FOIA request and got this 
document. We don't know who redacted the document. We don't 
know whether that was plaintiff's counsel or some other person 
before they got the document. We don't know when they got it. 
She's sitting here and telling your Honor she wants to 
introduce it for the fact that it was reported to law 
enforcement. Your Honor, this was supposedly a 2011 interview 
talking about events that happened, as I just mentioned, in 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592388
--- PAGE 21 ---
H3ulgiva 
1997 through 2002, so this is not some contemporaneous report 
to law enforcement. We're talking about, at a minimum, an 
11-year gap between some report to law enforcement. And you 
don't need the document. Plaintiff can testify that she talked 
to the FBI agents when she gets on the stand and she can say 
she did that in March 2011. But the 
but hearsay offered for the truth of 
Honor. I find it wholly improbable, 
report itself is nothing 
the matters asserted, your 
the testimony -- and I'll 
call it testimony -- by plaintiff's counsel that it's "not 
unusual" for the FBI to delay writing a report for two years. 
Your Honor, I practice in this area. I can tell you, it is 
quite unusual, in my experience, to have an FBI report 
generated two years after an interview. Was it generated from 
a recording, or was it generated from memory? Was it generated 
from notes? We have no idea, because you know what, we don't 
know who it is that wrote the report that plaintiff says she 
wants to introduce, and she hasn't provided that person's name. 
Counsel said that there is no indications of a lack of 
trustworthiness. In addition to the fact that we don't know 
its provenance or where it came from, we don't know who wrote 
it, we don't know when 
what it actually says, 
two eyes that the vast 
it was written or how, we don't know 
because your Honor can see with your own 
majority of the content is crossed out. 
So if they introduce this evidence, we're going to have 
plaintiff saying, well, what it says beneath that redaction is 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592389
--- PAGE 22 ---
H3ulgiva 
XYZ, and I'm going to have no way, your Honor, of 
cross-examining her with regard to what's underneath the 
redaction because we don't have it. 
So your Honor, for all those reasons, it does not meet 
the test for 803(8)(a). They have asserted, without any 
substance or proof, that this was pursuant to an authorized 
investigation. They have asserted that it was prepared in due 
course after two years. There's no proof. We don't know who 
wrote it. We don't know what was said. I can't really picture 
a less reliable document, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Okay. The CVRA action and the plea and 
prosecution and so on, and the victim notification letter. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Your Honor, we've broken this up, but 
when I stop, Ms. Menninger can -- I'll tag her and she can come 
into the ring. 
THE COURT: That's fine. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Your Honor, I'm addressing the CVRA 
litigation motion, 669. I have to start with first, your 
Honor, one of my apparently pet peeves in this litigation is 
the point of all of the pleadings that are being referenced in 
this particular motion are drafted and filed by the lawyers 
that are sitting in this room, and it is troubling to me, 
because when we're arguing about the admissibility of this and 
what goes to the jury, it seemed inescapable to me that we are 
then in the position of, whether it's by document or from the 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592390
--- PAGE 23 ---
H3ulgiva 
witness stand or from the podium, having lawyers offer facts to 
a jury, statements to a jury, that they are going to be then 
arguing are credible, and so we have this joinder motion, 
drafted by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Cassell, that they would like to 
introduce into evidence, whole cloth into evidence, that 
contains the legal arguments and the statements of lawyers, 
these lawyers, in a motion in another courtroom, of which they 
will then be arguing to a jury that's all true. And so I don't 
see how that's any different than a lawyer testifying in court, 
and so that's, to me, part of the backdrop to this. 
I also submit, your Honor, that the vast majority --
well, frankly, all of these pleadings are not relevant to this 
action, and I say that because the plaintiffs continue to turn 
the issue of what's at issue in this case around. They have 
the burden of proving that what Ms. Maxwell said was false. 
That's what is at issue. We have to look at Ms. Maxwell's 
statement issued by Barden and Gow and then go backwards from 
there. And the burden on the plaintiff is proving falsity of 
that statement. It is not the situation where -- which is what 
they're trying to do is to say we have to prove what we said 
was true, what we the lawyers said was true, and therefore, we 
get to prove whatever we want to in connection with this 
litigation. And so it seems to me that we have turned all of 
this on its head, because instead of saying, the issue is, can 
the plaintiff meet its burden to prove the statement issued by 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592391
--- PAGE 24 ---
H3ulgiva 
Gow and Barden on Maxwell's behalf was false, they are now 
saying, we want to prove whatever we want to prove is true and 
that needs to be the focus of this litigation. 
So with that as the context and the backdrop, your 
Honor, I simply don't understand or see how any of these 
pleadings are (A) relevant to this case, and (B) I don't see it 
or understand how they're simply not self-serving 
lawyer-vouchered statements, and I haven't heard any reason 
from the plaintiff, either orally or in writing, as to exactly 
how the introduction of these documents would be relevant to 
prove that Ms. Maxwell's statement was false. 
THE COURT: But look, the problem obviously is that 
this is the document to which the defendant was responding, or 
at least portions of it. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Can I respond to that, your Honor? 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: I think that that's what they would 
like everyone to believe, but indeed, what the plaintiff was 
responding to were communications from the media about a 
document, these documents, that she had never seen, and so the 
factual backdrop here is that -- I mean, this doesn't get 
dropped on Ms. Maxwell's doorstep in December of 2014. She's 
getting calls from the media about, What do you have to say 
about this thing that these lawyers filed in this case in 
Florida? She is I think in England at the time. I don't 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592392
--- PAGE 25 ---
H3ulgiva 
recall, frankly, but I believe she was in England; or her 
agents certainly are in England who are issuing this release. 
And so it's not that Ms. Maxwell reads this and then the 
lawyers issue their statement. So what she's responding to are 
press reports and calls from the media. I think that's pretty 
clear by Mr. Barden's declaration in the summary judgment 
paperwork as well as Mr. Gow's deposition. 
The other thing that I have been pondering, your 
Honor, because this is a large problem for this case, is, 
assume for a moment, your Honor, what you just said is 
absolutely true, that she's responding to this pleading. 
Well --
THE COURT: But she refers to 
statement, or 
allegations. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Right. 
THE COURT: And so it's those allegations that she's 
responding to. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Well, the difficulty I have, your 
Honor, and I think it's going to be a difficulty we're living 
with here --
THE COURT: But that's what the statement is. And 
MR. PAGLIUCA: You asked a question during the summary 
judgment hearing, and it's a great question: What are the 
allegations? And I think that's at the heart of dealing with 
the difficulty in a lot of these issues because as I stand here 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592393
--- PAGE 26 ---
H3ulgiva 
today, a year plus into this case, I don't know what they were. 
And --
THE COURT: But we do know in this instance. We know 
exactly what they are. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Well, but let me push back on this for 
a second, your Honor, because what we're talking about is not a 
statement by the plaintiff. If that's what we're talking 
about. If we're talking about this joinder motion, the Jane 
Doe 102 joinder motion is a legal pleading filed by these two 
lawyers. And there are no quotation marks in this thing --
THE COURT: Of course. That's what an allegation is. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Yes, but there are no quotation marks 
in this. There are no direct quotes. There is a lot of legal 
hyperbole and conjecture throughout the entire pleading. There 
are statements by counsel contained in the pleading. And so I 
asked a question rhetorically: What's she responding to? Is 
she defaming Mr. Edwards or Mr. Cassell, or is she defaming the 
plaintiff? When you parse through this pleading, you could be 
defaming all of these people, if that's what the allegation is. 
So I think it's problematic to say this is the pleading that is 
the allegation, because what happens is, this pleading gets 
filed --
THE COURT: But this is an allegation of hers. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Of who? 
THE COURT: Of the plaintiff's. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592394
--- PAGE 27 ---
H3ulgiva 
lawyers. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Well, filed on her behalf by her 
THE COURT: Come on. It's hers. It's her allegation. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: And she is Jane Doe 102 and it is filed 
by her lawyers, and that's what they are saying on her behalf. 
That's what I can say about that, your Honor. 
THE COURT: I do understand how these documents are 
prepared. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: I know you do. 
THE COURT: This much I got. I've got that. But it's 
her statement. Come on. 
Similarly, Ms. Maxwell's statement is her statement, 
regardless of how it was prepared. So I know the motive issue 
and all that. Now whether it should be in some form, but your 
client does not say, "The allegations with respect to me are 
false." 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Well, I disagree with that, your Honor. 
I mean, I believe --
THE COURT: They're all false. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: But I believe a fair reading of that 
document, the press release by Barden and Gow, is that she's 
talking about the allegations against her, Maxwell, and she 
includes Dershowitz, and that's essentially it. I mean, she's 
not parsing through the 102 pleading and saying, you know, this 
is wrong and that is wrong. And the fundamental reason for it 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592395
--- PAGE 28 ---
H3ulgiva 
is, she's never read the document prior to Barden and Gow 
issuing the statement, and what she is reacting to are people 
calling her and saying, you know --
THE COURT: Well, whatever she knew. Well, okay. All 
right. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: That's it. 
THE COURT: I guess we're as far as we can go on that. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: It is whatever she knew. But what is 
in the document is way broader, much broader, than her base of 
knowledge, or Barden's or Gow's, at the time this press release 
issued. So I think that's point number one. 
Point number two is, they apparently want to introduce 
a lot more information from the Jane Doe 102 CVRA litigation 
than this simple document, and we can address those as we go 
along. If the Court were to deem portions of this relating to 
Ms. Maxwell and Mr. Dershowitz relevant to this matter, we had 
proposed, as part of our pleadings, a redacted version of this, 
which is also to your point just now, your Honor. 
And my colleague points me directly to the statement, 
your Honor -- the first line, second sentence. "The 
allegations made by," and then it says Victoria 
, which 
is inaccurate by the drafter, "against Ghislaine Maxwell are 
untrue." And then it follows. But that is the backdrop to 
this. And she's responding to things about herself, not about 
anybody else that are contained in this pleading. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592396
--- PAGE 29 ---
H3ulgiva 
MR. CASSELL: And we have a point of agreement here, 
your Honor, now. We agree with the last point. The 
allegations that Ms. 
made against Maxwell are what's at 
issue in this case, not allegations against, you know, third 
Maxwell and of course Epstein, those kinds of things, but not 
other irrelevant players. But I think your Honor was exactly 
right. 
THE COURT: Well, so you would have no objection to 
the introduction of the motion to intervene, the portions that 
describe Maxwell or talk about Maxwell. 
MR. CASSELL: And Epstein, of course. 
MS. MENNINGER: No. 
MR. CASSELL: And Epstein. Because Maxwell isn't 
running around recruiting girls just for herself; she's running 
around recruiting girls for Epstein. So the allegation is 
against Maxwell and Epstein. The allegation that Ms. 
made was that Maxwell was recruiting girls to give to her 
boyfriend Epstein, so the allegations against Maxwell --
THE COURT: So you would not object to the redaction 
of everything else in that motion. 
MR. CASSELL: The principle is correct. The devil, of 
course, is in the details, because when you look at what 
they've redacted, here's one of the things they want to redact. 
Maxwell -- they want to redact this: "was a primary 
co-conspirator in Epstein's sexual abuse and sex trafficking 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592397
--- PAGE 30 ---
H3ulgiva 
scheme." They want to redact, She recruited in a manner --
this is what they want to redact, "in a fashion very similar to 
the manner in which Epstein and his co-conspirators coerced 
dozens of other children." So they want to redact everything 
that provides the context for what the allegations are. 
Ms. 
wasn't saying, hey, on one Tuesday I happened to 
bump into Maxwell and something happened. She was alleging a 
broader pattern of activity, that she was recruited into, as 
your Honor well knows, sex trafficking by Maxwell and Epstein. 
And so what I think --
THE COURT: Well, her allegation is that Maxwell was a 
co-conspirator. 
MR. CASSELL: Correct. 
THE COURT: We're not talking about --
MR. CASSELL: Yes, we are talking --
THE COURT: In our case, in our case, there's no crime 
charged. I mean, I understand the underlying --
MR. CASSELL: Sure. 
THE COURT: -- facts. So it would be anything, in the 
motion to intervene, that dealt with obviously Maxwell directly 
or a co-conspirator. 
MR. CASSELL: That's right. And the main 
co-conspirator here would be Epstein, of course. These girls 
were not being recruited, you know, just for Maxwell's personal 
consumption but for, obviously, Epstein, to satisfy Epstein's 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592398
--- PAGE 31 ---
H3ulgiva 
sexual desires. When you look at what they're trying to 
redact, I think they're trying to make a mismatch out of the 
original allegations so it will be difficult for us to explain 
to the jury, well, why was this woman running around recruiting 
young girls if we can't mention, well, she was recruiting the 
young girls to take the sexual pressure off her and to satisfy 
the sexual desires of Mr. Epstein. That's why there was this 
vast --
THE COURT: Anything else you want to tell me? 
MR. CASSELL: Yes, your Honor. I mean, it's critical 
to use the context here. As your Honor is pointing out -- and 
I think you're even getting pushback from them on this basic 
point. This is the core of the case. These were the original 
allegations that Ms. 
made, and they say this wasn't 
what she was responding to. If you look at, for example, their 
pleading on June 6 of last year, there was only one public 
statement that existed on January 2nd to which Ms. Maxwell 
was responding. The document is the joinder motion filed in 
the Crime Victims' Rights Act case on behalf of plaintiff. 
That's what they said. That's what we said. We want to show 
to the jury the one document that set off this whole defamatory 
backlash, and what they want to do then is to redact it and 
essentially take out things like references to Maxwell being a 
co-conspirator, which means we won't be able to explain to the 
jury the appropriate context here. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592399
--- PAGE 32 ---
H3ulgiva 
Also, the other point that's I think important to 
remember is we're going to be seeking not just compensatory 
damages but punitive damages, and when we get to that point, 
which will be part of the initial phase -- I know the financial 
issues may be different, but we're going to be arguing our 
punitive damages case in the initial portion of the trial -- we 
have to prove that she acted with actual malice. Her state of 
mind is obviously a critical issue. And so the jury's going to 
be wondering, well, why would she do this? One of the points 
that we need to make is, why was Ms. 
trying to get into 
this case in Florida? It was a Crime Victims' Rights Act case. 
It was designed to rip up a plea agreement, a nonprosecution 
agreement. And that agreement said all of Epstein's 
co-conspirators get a free pass from criminal prosecution in 
Florida. Which directly goes to Ms. Maxwell's motivation for 
all this. 
THE COURT: How do we know that? 
MR. CASSELL: Well, because we're going to be arguing 
that. We have --
THE COURT: No. Arguing. How do we know that the 
nonprosecution agreement gave immunity to Ms. Maxwell? 
MR. CASSELL: Because it says it extends immunity to 
any of the "potential co-conspirators of Epstein." And we will 
introduce ample evidence at trial from which a reasonable jury 
could conclude that one of the potential co-conspirators of 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592400
--- PAGE 33 ---
H3ulgiva 
Epstein was Maxwell. In fact, she was the number two, the most 
likely co-conspirator that benefited from that; his right-hand 
girl. His right-hand woman. I'm sorry. Ms. Maxwell. And so 
who got the benefit of that immunity provision? We're going to 
present to the jury it's Maxwell who got the benefit of the 
immunity provision. So why was it that she came out all guns 
blazing when Ms. 
filed a motion to join, to rip up the 
nonprosecution agreement? Because she had a horse in that 
race. She was trying to protect immunity 
And so again, we bear the burden 
acted with actual malice, that is, from a 
for herself. 
of proving that she 
vindictive motive 
rather than for benign reasons. And of course trying to keep 
yourself immune from crimes you've committed is a classic 
example of acting with actual malice. And that again is just 
one of the arguments, and we're going to be able to connect all 
those links in the chain through cross-examining Maxwell, 
through cross-examining Epstein, and by also introducing ample 
documents, presenting evidence of her direct involvement in 
criminal offenses. And I realize crimes haven't been charged, 
but we're going to show that there are going to be ample crimes 
that could have been charged, which is why she needed the 
immunity that was extended by the nonprosecution agreement. 
And which is why she attacked Ms. 
to make her allegations seem noncredible. 
And, I mean, if I understood the motion, they were 
in an effort to try 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592401
--- PAGE 34 ---
H3ulgiva 
sort of just saying, well, we're not really sure whether she's 
a victim or not. That's going to have to be proven to the 
jury. Fair point. We have no objection saying, look, these 
documents are coming in because they show the initial 
allegations that Ms. 
made. It's up to the plaintiffs 
to introduce evidence and to prove that's all true. We're 
going to shoulder that burden at trial. But what this motion 
seems to be designed to do, in our point of view, is to take 
out things like the allegation that Ms. 
was a 
co-conspirator of Epstein. They don't want the jury to hear 
that, and of course that is a pivotal part of our case. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: They used the term "actual malice." 
_ 
use the term "actual nonsense," your Honor. 
You know, I first have to say, unless we're going to 
close the courtroom or I get to respond in kind, half of what 
this argument is is in violation of the protective order right 
here. And it's lawyer argument. And there are no facts to 
back it up. 
Let's talk about the nonprosecution agreement. It is 
absolutely factual, Ms. Maxwell was never, not once, ever, 
contacted by the Palm Beach Police in reference to this 
investigation. She was never, not once, contacted by the FBI 
or the U.S. Attorney's Office in reference to this 
investigation. She testified in her deposition that she didn't 
hire a lawyer because she wasn't at risk in any of this. She 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592402
--- PAGE 35 ---
H3ulgiva 
didn't even know about any of this, your Honor. That's the 
evidence in this case. There is zero evidence that will be 
produced at trial to put Ms. Maxwell in any of this, in any of 
the investigation. The lead detective, Recarey, never spoke to 
her, never tried to call her. And when I asked him questions 
about, you know, what did you know about Ms. Maxwell when you 
were doing this investigation, his answer was, "Nothing." So 
that's the backdrop to this. 
There are in fact certain individuals named directly 
as co-conspirators of Epstein's in the nonprosecution 
agreement. Maxwell is not one of them. She had absolutely no 
hand in crafting that agreement; none whatsoever. She never 
talked to anybody; she never had a lawyer talk to anybody on 
her behalf. So to start with the proposition that she then has 
to eat this nonprosecution agreement in this case is absolute 
nonsense. You want to take the backdrop to this in terms of 
what the investigation was, there were a number of individuals 
that were presented to the Florida State grand jury as a result 
of the state investigation. Maxwell was not one of them. Not 
at all. Never on anybody's radar about any of this. She 
didn't need to participate in this and she didn't know anything 
about it. That makes this nonprosecution agreement wholly 
irrelevant as it relates to Ms. Maxwell. 
And the entire argument you just heard is these two 
lawyers' argument in the CVRA litigation that they now want to 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592403
--- PAGE 36 ---
H3ulgiva 
present from here to this jury during the course of this trial, 
which is, again, wholly improper. 
There is no evidence -- and in fact direct testimony 
is contrary to this -- that Ms. Maxwell knew about a 
nonprosecution 
knew about any 
goes to actual 
agreement, knew about Epstein's plea agreement, 
of these things. So the idea that somehow this 
malice is, again, actual nonsense. Because in 
order for it to be malice, in some fashion you have to know 
about it. And they have no evidence, they can present no 
evidence that she knew about any of these things. There will 
be no witness who gets on the witness stand who says Maxwell 
knew about the nonprosecution agreement, Maxwell knew about 
Epstein's immunity, Maxwell knew about Epstein's deal. Not 
one. So the notion that they can then say, oh, you know, this 
has something to do with her motive, well, all of the case law, 
all of the case law on this issue, on introducing these kinds 
of things to prove knowledge, requires that the person you're 
introducing against actually knew about it. There is not one 
case that they can cite, and they haven't cited, that says, I'm 
going to introduce it for notice or knowledge. Well, you have 
to know about it. The person has to know about it for it to be 
introduced as notice or knowledge. 
Again, I have to go back to the statement, your Honor. 
What they're trying to do is very selectively say, we like this 
evidence so, oh, yeah, that's something that is part of what 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592404
--- PAGE 37 ---
H3ulgiva 
we're going after; we don't like this evidence so of course 
that's not what was at issue here. The statement doesn't say 
Epstein in this statement. Not one mention of Epstein in this 
statement. And I vigorously dispute the notion that because 
lawyers put in a pleading, called someone a co-conspirator, 
these two lawyers put in their pleading identifying somebody as 
a co-conspirator when there's no evidence of that, that they 
then, these two same lawyers, get to come into a courtroom and 
give that to a jury and say, see, that was in this pleading 
here. Well, there's no evidence of that. And they're not 
going to produce any evidence of that. 
And, by the way, your Honor, what we have to talk 
about here are factual assertions, in a defamation case. We're 
not talking about opinions. And what is the determination of 
whether someone is a co-conspirator or not, your Honor? First 
of all, it's a legal decision that certainly a layperson is not 
qualified to make. You have conducted 801(d)(2)(E) hearings 
for, you know, as long as I've been alive, I think, and you're 
the one who's making those determinations after the 
consideration of evidence. So to say that somebody can say 
someone is a co-conspirator and then you issue a press release 
that doesn't say, "I deny being a co-conspirator," that doesn't 
talk about that document at all other than to say Jane Doe 3 is 
to then say we get to introduce a bunch of 
evidence because we said she was a co-conspirator against her 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592405
--- PAGE 38 ---
H3ulgiva 
stands this case right on its head. That is not a factual 
assertion by Ms. 
that my client is a co-conspirator; 
that's opinion. And what we are concerned about here, I think 
as you pointed out in the very beginning of this case, is that 
we're not dealing with opinions, we're dealing with facts and 
factual assertions, which are at the heart of the defamation 
claim, not lawyer opinions in a pleading. 
Thank you. 
MR. CASSELL: May I just briefly respond, your Honor? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: You know, this is my motion, and I 
don't think he gets that. 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MR. CASSELL: All right. Thank you, your Honor. 
THE COURT: I take it that that concludes everything 
anybody wants to say about the Epstein plea and his 
registration. 
MR. EDWARDS: No, your Honor. I was going to address 
that separately. I don't know if there's an additional 
argument from counsel. It was their motion, so if it is, 
then --
THE COURT: Yes. Okay. 
MR. EDWARDS: And by the way, this is Brad Edwards on 
behalf of Ms. 
but I believe it's their up. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, a couple more points. 
They are related to what was just articulated for your Honor. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592406
--- PAGE 39 ---
H3ulgiva 
But I think they are somewhat distinct. 
With respect to the plea agreement, what we're talking 
about here is Mr. Epstein entered a plea agreement with the 
state of Florida, the district attorney's office. Again, as my 
co-counsel just articulated, there's no evidence that 
Ms. Maxwell had any participation in, knowledge of, etc., with 
regard to that plea agreement. The same is true with respect 
to the nonprosecution agreement, which was the federal side. 
And then finally, he also moved to exclude any references to 
Mr. Epstein's sex offender registration. All of these are 
out-of-court statements. These documents are out-of-court 
statements that they would like to introduce, they say in their 
papers, for the "effect on the hearer," which, again, your 
Honor, requires that the hearer actually have heard of them or 
have seen them, and they have no evidence whatsoever that 
Ms. Maxwell ever had possession of those documents. In fact, 
when they asked her about this at deposition, she said that she 
had not actually ever seen those documents. 
The documents that were produced in discovery are 
incomplete, by the way. I don't even have some of the 
documents they reference in their response. They're talking 
about lists of victims that were attached to some plea 
agreements. It hasn't been given to me. It hasn't been given 
to us. I still haven't seen it to this day. 
And finally, your Honor, they claim, again, this 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592407
--- PAGE 40 ---
H3ulgiva 
notion that this somehow goes to Ms. Maxwell's state of mind. 
And that reflects right back, your Honor, on counsel's argument 
that we just had, which is, you can't have an effect on a state 
of mind if you've never actually seen the document. 
I had a couple more comments on the notification, the 
victim notification letter, your Honor. While I'm here, I'll 
just add those to it. 
THE COURT: Sure. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, the victim notification 
letter, if you will, as it's been called in this litigation, 
was purportedly sent to plaintiff in 2008, which is three years 
before that FBI interview we were just talking about a minute 
ago, in 2011. So at the time this so-called victim 
notification letter says it was sent, plaintiff had never even 
spoken to law enforcement. So it is entirely unclear on what 
basis anybody reached a legal conclusion that plaintiff was the 
victim of a federal crime. Even looking at the document 
itself, your Honor, the document doesn't say on what grounds 
anyone determined her to have been a victim. It doesn't say 
who decided that. It doesn't say what evidence they looked at. 
Doesn't say when they reached that conclusion. And more 
importantly, it says she was identified as a victim of crimes 
by Mr. Epstein. You can scour that document in vain trying to 
find any reference to Ms. Maxwell. It's not in there. 
Your Honor, at the same time that particular document 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592408
--- PAGE 41 ---
H3ulgiva 
was supposedly sent to plaintiff, the US attorney at the time, 
Mr. Acosta, also sent a letter saying that he believed it was 
preferable to have engaged in that kind of plea bargaining with 
Mr. Epstein because they had a risk of not winning at trial. 
In other words, your Honor, he didn't believe he had sufficient 
evidence for a conviction against Mr. Epstein, thereby 
undermining anybody's suggestion that that victim notification 
letter actually was any type of adjudication or determination 
that Ms. 
was in fact a victim. There is no grounds 
within the letter or outside the circumstances of the letter to 
explain who reached a conclusion, why or when. It is, your 
Honor, inadmissible hearsay. It does not meet the 
trustworthiness requirement for an 803(8) public record. Even 
if, for example, a person could come in and authenticate the 
record and explain its provenance, no such witness has been 
identified by plaintiff to do that. And I submit, your Honor, 
they cannot. 
THE COURT: The problem that I see is that, I 
understand the argument about the truth of the notification, 
whether or not she's a victim. I get that. But it is an 
explanation of her standing or her view of her standing in the 
CVRA litigation. 
MS. MENNINGER: Well, your Honor, that's an 
interesting point. The letter does itself talk about, there's 
been a challenge to the way in which victims have been 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592409
--- PAGE 42 ---
H3ulgiva 
notified, and if you want any more information about that, 
here's a lawyer you can get in touch with. So supposedly she 
got this letter in 2008, right? When, your Honor -- pop quiz 
here -- did she file a joinder motion trying to join that CVRA 
litigation? December 30, 2014. So we have in excess of a 
six-year gap between being notified that there is some kind of 
CVRA litigation and her effort to join that litigation. And in 
the interim, your Honor, she had counsel. Not these two 
counsel. She did get them in 2011. But in 2009 she had her 
own lawyer, who is identified in that letter. And so what we 
have is a letter, we don't know the provenance of it, but it 
does give her some notice about her rights in the CVRA 
litigation, telling her who to contact. She doesn't do that 
for six years. 
I think, your Honor, we are looking at having an 
entire -- I don't even want to call it a sideshow, just an 
entire CVRA litigation in this courtroom, because if that 
letter comes in, then we are necessarily going to have to 
explain a whole lot of law, a whole lot of facts to this jury 
that are not pertinent to the statement issued by Ms. Maxwell's 
counsel and press agent. We are going to have jury 
instructions about what the Crime Victims' Rights Act means, 
we're going to have Judge Marra's order explaining why did 
someone wait six years and put in all these allegations about 
nonparties like Ms. Maxwell, Mr. Dershowitz, and striking them. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592410
--- PAGE 43 ---
H3ulgiva 
And I mean striking them. You can't go on Pacer right now and 
get that joinder motion because he struck them. So we're 
talking about then taking all of that information, that legal 
discussion and factual discussion -- there's other Jane Does, 
we're talking about 404(b) there, some other things we'd move 
to redact, there was a Jane Doe 4 who also wasn't allowed to 
join who has completely different allegations. We're talking 
about things that are in those documents and law and rulings 
that are frankly, you know -- Ms. Maxwell certainly wasn't a 
part of the CVRA litigation so we haven't had an opportunity to 
even get all this information. We've had to subpoena these 
counsel for information, and they've moved to quash all of 
those subpoenas, your Honor. Even when we're asking, what is 
it that you even have from that litigation that relates to our 
litigation? They don't even want to provide that. But they 
want to come in here and bring in letters and plea agreements 
and all this other stuff that they've been litigating against 
Epstein but Ms. Maxwell has had no part of because she was not 
one of the people accused, by anybody else, except this 
plaintiff. 
THE COURT: The difficulty, obviously, is the -- and 
we're back to where we were some moments ago, of allegations. 
MS. MENNINGER: It's not really that difficult because 
we've had depositions of people like Ms. Maxwell. We've had 
depositions of Mr. Gow. You know, they've had an opportunity 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592411
--- PAGE 44 ---
H3ulgiva 
to develop this factual record. And guess what? No facts have 
supported that anybody gave a copy of that CVRA joinder motion 
to Ms. Maxwell. They didn't send it to her. They sent it to 
the press. They called the press and told the press, cover 
this motion. But they didn't send it to Ms. Maxwell. So they 
don't have any evidence that she actually had the document. 
What they have evidence of, Mr. Gow testified to, is she was 
getting calls and he was getting calls from the press asking 
for a response and, frankly, suggesting that there was a new 
person out there who was making allegations against 
Ms. Maxwell, when it turned out no other person has made 
allegations against Ms. Maxwell, only plaintiff has done that. 
And so the very first line of the statement, your Honor, is, 
this is not a new person, this is the same person from 2011 
that I already issued a statement about, and it talks directly 
about, the allegations against Ghislaine Maxwell are untrue. 
It doesn't say the allegations against Jeffrey Epstein are 
untrue. It doesn't say the allegation about being a 
co-conspirator, that part's untrue. It just talks about the 
allegations against Ms. Maxwell. 
THE COURT: But correct me if I'm wrong. There were 
no allegations prior to this time of misbehavior by 
Ms. Maxwell. 
MS. MENNINGER: That's untrue, your Honor. Plaintiff 
sold her story to Sharon Churcher. When she sold her story to 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592412
--- PAGE 45 ---
H3ulgiva 
Sharon Churcher, she made some allegations against Ms. Maxwell 
then. 
THE COURT: Oh, all right. 
MS. MENNINGER: And you know what? Ms. Maxwell issued 
a press release, an actual one that's out on the wires back in 
2011, so when she's referring in this one to "already been 
responded to," she's got that prior statement that's out, 
still. You can go on the internet yourself right now and get 
it. 
THE COURT: So there were statements in the initial 
story about Ms. Maxwell. 
MS. MENNINGER: They were different. I mean, that was 
part of this point is that over time the statements from 2011 
were more minimal, and then by 2014, they had grown. That's 
one of the points that was actually made in the --
THE COURT: What were they? 
MS. MENNINGER: At first she says she was the one, 
that Ms. Maxwell was the one who introduced her to Epstein but 
it was a different woman who led her upstairs to engage in 
sexual contact with Mr. Epstein and that that other person is 
the one who actually showed her and trained her how to be a 
masseuse. That's what she said in the Sharon Churcher 
published articles. 
THE COURT: And that's the only reference to Maxwell 
in the Churcher articles. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592413
--- PAGE 46 ---
H3ulgiva 
MS. MENNINGER: In the first Churcher article. But 
your Honor, Ms. Churcher ran a series of articles in 2011 that 
she had a, you know, an exclusive contract for a certain period 
of time to keep publishing different stories. So that was the 
first one. It got bigger and bigger as time went on. 
MR. EDWARDS: Your Honor, Brad Edwards on behalf of 
Ms. 
. I prepared notebooks for a separate hearing, but 
this hearing has evolved into a need for these notebooks, so 
may I approach, your Honor? I believe it will help all of us 
to focus on the issues. 
And your Honor, I took the liberty to highlight 
portions of it, and if by any means somebody believes, in 
reading more of what is in this notebook, that other portions 
may be helpful, then that's okay. But just to kind of focus 
what this case is about. And for me, the parameters of this 
case are defined by the statements and by the law governing 
defamation. And if we start with, under Tab 1, Ms. Maxwell's 
statement, line 1 is, "The allegations made against Ms. Maxwell 
are untrue." So we are in agreement -- it's the allegations 
made against Ms. Maxwell. Sentence two: "The original 
allegations are not new and have been fully responded to and 
shown to be untrue." So we have to first find the allegations 
against Ms. Maxwell that she's responded to, and then for the 
second sentence, what were the original allegations, and that 
she fully responded to and shown to be untrue, and that's where 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592414
--- PAGE 47 ---
H3ulgiva 
we go to -- Tab 2 is the CVRA motion, and within that motion 
there are allegations about Ms. Maxwell. There are also 
allegations about others. We agree; the allegations that are 
exclusively about others and are not related to Ms. Maxwell or 
do not provide context for the allegations against Ms. Maxwell 
are not relevant to this action. We go to the second sentence 
of Ms. Maxwell's statement, which refers to the original 
allegation, and we find the original allegations -- your Honor 
just asked the question, were there previous allegations, and 
there were. And under Tab 3, Jane Doe 102 v. Epstein, which 
has been referred to today in this hearing, that was an action 
that was filed by 
in 2009. Those were the 
first allegations about Ms. Maxwell. And again, they're 
THE COURT: But there's no evidence, or is there, cf 
Maxwell's knowledge of that case or those allegations. 
MR. EDWARDS: There is, and I will explain. Beginning 
in paragraph 17 of the Jane Doe 102 complaint through 
paragraph 19, there are -- yeah, 17 through 19 -- there are 
allegations about Ms. Maxwell. 
In 2011, which is Tab 4 and 5, two articles come out. 
If we start with Tab 4, that is one of the articles that was 
being referred to by Ms. Maxwell, and the first line, the title 
of the article is, "Prince Andrew and the 17-year-old girl his 
sex offender friend flew to Britain." The next line down says, 
reveals she is Jane Doe 102 in the Epstein 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592415
--- PAGE 48 ---
H3ulgiva 
action." It's talking about the original allegations from Jane 
Doe 102. That is in the body of the 2011 article. 
And there are more allegations within these articles 
paraphrasing what was in Jane Doe 102 as well as elaborating 
upon them through an interview that 
had, and 
it results in a second article, a few days later, issued 
March 7, 2011, that is entitled, "Epstein's Girl Friday fixer," 
and the article is about Ms. Maxwell. And after that article, 
a few days later, Ms. Maxwell issues a statement saying, "The 
allegations against me are abhorrent and entirely untrue," 
which she adopts in the first statement. 
So this book contains the universe of statements --
THE COURT: Yes, I understand that obviously she was 
responding to this Churcher article, but there's nothing to me 
that indicates that she was responding to the Epstein 
complaint. 
MR. EDWARDS: Well, she's responding to what she says 
are the original allegations. The original allegations were in 
Jane Doe 102 that's referred to in the Churcher articles. So 
for certain, by 2011, she's looking at Jane Doe 102 to learn 
THE COURT: Well, that's a leap. 
MR. EDWARDS: Well, it may be, and she can get on the 
stand and say, I saw that, that it said Jane Doe 102. This was 
my boss who had gone to jail, who had been sued. 
And so let me go into the second part of this, which 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592416
--- PAGE 49 ---
H3ulgiva 
deals with the admissibility of things like the nonprosecution 
agreement, Jeffrey Epstein's plea, his sex offender 
registration, because if it relates to Ms. Maxwell's statement 
or the statement that Ms. Maxwell refers to, then it's 
relevant. Or it goes to an element of defamation. If it does 
not, then it cannot. And so the thing that I will tell you 
about those documents is, Ms. Maxwell has admitted she was 
employed by Mr. Epstein from a time period well before he went 
to jail until 2009, until he's out of jail. She's on flight 
logs with him. She's his number one employee. In fact, when 
we took, in a separate case, Mr. Dershowitz' deposition on 
specifically the topic of what did Jeffrey Epstein tell you 
about 
allegations, or what did Ms. Maxwell tell 
you --
THE COURT: Give me a break. This I don't need, do I? 
MR. EDWARDS: Well, I'm only bringing it up for the 
last point, which is, he says: There was a joint defense 
agreement in place during the 2005-2006 allegations between 
Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein. Therefore I can't give 
you the answers. So we're talking about --
THE COURT: As far as I know, there's no evidence 
available to me of a joint defense agreement. 
MR. EDWARDS: Okay. I only know what was testified to 
in sworn testimony, so I presume --
THE COURT: But it's not in this case. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592417
--- PAGE 50 ---
rC1 
H3ulgiva 
MR. EDWARDS: Okay. 
THE COURT: So problems enough I've got. 
MR. EDWARDS: I understand. I understand, your Honor. 
So at a time when Jeffrey Epstein is investigated, Ghislaine 
Maxwell is flying on his plane, she's vacationing with him. We 
have flight logs, we have photographs that were taken during 
that time. 
THE COURT: So what --
MR. EDWARDS: So she knows --
THE COURT: -- relative to what we're dealing with? 
MR. EDWARDS: So she knows that he's pleading guilty. 
THE COURT: You mean because she was on the plane I 
can say she knows that he pled guilty? 
MR. EDWARDS: She knows her employer went to jail 
while --
THE COURT: Okay. She knows the employer went to 
jail. So? 
MR. EDWARDS: It's a public record that --
THE COURT: Okay. So? 
MR. EDWARDS: -- that he's on the sex offender 
registration. 
THE COURT: Okay. Agreed. 
MR. EDWARDS: So at the time --
THE COURT: So? 
MR. EDWARDS: So at the time she issues her statement 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592418
--- PAGE 51 ---
H3ulgiva 
in 2015, which is, all of these allegations that deal with 
Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell, all of those allegations 
are untrue, she has the ability to know all of the public 
information that would tell her this is factually true. 
THE COURT: But that's not -- okay. All right. 
MR. EDWARDS: She can definitely --
THE COURT: It doesn't wash. You know it doesn't 
wash. You must know it doesn't wash. 
MR. EDWARDS: I'm not saying she can't get on the 
stand and say she doesn't know. I get that. But for her to be 
the main employee and not know what's going on in his life when 
everybody knows --
THE COURT: Well, okay. All right. What's next? 
MS. SCHULTZ: Your Honor, I'd like --
MR. PAGLIUCA: I'd like to respond to this joint 
defense agreement issue just raised by Mr. Edwards. 
You're going to see a pleading later today that is 
going to have the actual Dershowitz transcript testimony in 
this, and this is now, again, I say lawyer testimony here, 
unsupported by the facts. There is no joint defense agreement 
between Maxwell and Dershowitz. I've told these lawyers that 
ten times now. When you go back to the Dershowitz transcript, 
which I have appended the portions of the pages they're now 
talking about, Dershowitz is asked a question by -- not 
Mr. Edwards, who's the defendant in that case, your Honor, ann 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592419
--- PAGE 52 ---
H3ulgiva 
the plaintiff and counterclaimant are the defendant in that 
case. Who's in the room. Dershowitz is asked a question: Did 
you talk to Maxwell? And Dershowitz says: Gee, I think that 
may be privileged and I'm not going to answer. And I'm 
paraphrasing, but you will have this testimony. There's then 
an objection by the lawyer who's representing Mr. Edwards, 
about: Is this a legitimate assertion of joint defense 
privilege? Dershowitz then says: Well, you know, I know that 
I talked to people who were alleged as co-conspirators, and 1 
think that comes under Epstein's privilege. Mr. Edwards, in 
the transcript, who is a party litigant, says: She wasn't a 
co-conspirator. That's what he says in this transcript, which 
you will see. He makes that affirmative representation to the 
special master and Dershowitz. Then Dershowitz says: Gee, 
this was a long time ago. I may be wrong about that, but I'm 
going to err on the side of invoking the privilege. And the 
special master says: Well, we can figure all this out later. 
If there is a joint defense agreement, you know, produce it and 
they can complain about it. They've taken that and 
disingenuously represented in pleadings and now again in court 
that there is some joint defense agreement with my client, 
which is emblematic of the problem of having lawyers as 
witnesses in this case, your Honor. 
MS. SCHULTZ: Your Honor, just to respond specifically 
with regard to the victim notification letter, if your Honor 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592420
--- PAGE 53 ---
H3ulgiva 
will allow, I'd like to approach and give you a copy of it. 
Your Honor, you have the briefing in front of you so 
you have our reasons why this should be admissible at trial. 
would just like to add to that we have a witness who can 
authenticate this letter as well. It's Jeffrey Epstein. He 
can authenticate what went into this letter, who it went to, 
and why it did when he testifies. 
I would also add that the chronology of events here is 
really relevant and this victim notification letter comes into 
play. You can see Ms. 
received this in 2008. Several 
months later, she filed suit against Jeffrey Epstein pursuant 
to this letter in the Jane Doe 102 complaint. Paragraph 29 of 
that complaint references this specific letter, and of course 
that complaint is referenced in the Churcher articles, which is 
referenced by Ms. Maxwell's first public statement about 
Ms. 
in 2011. So almost like a Russian nesting doll, 
all this information is contained in the next document and the 
next document and the next document. 
This letter actually should also come in under 803(8) 
as a public record. 
THE COURT: Forgive me. What does Churcher say about 
the Jane Doe complaint? 
MS. SCHULTZ: She says that 
is the 
Jane Doe of that complaint, and that complaint says that 
Maxwell was a recruiter and abuser, and that complaint also 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592421
--- PAGE 54 ---
H3ulgiva 
says that Ms. 
received the victim notification letter. 
Okay. It says: In her civil writ against him, under 
a pseudonym, Jane Doe 102, she alleged that her duties included 
being sexually exploited by Epstein's adult male peers, and it 
says what her real name is, and of course these articles to 
which defendant responded mention defendant as well. 
THE COURT: Yes. Ms. Maxwell is not saying that the 
article was false with respect to the filing of that complaint, 
right? 
MS. SCHULTZ: I'm sorry. I apologize, your Honor. 
_ 
don't think I follow your question. I think that Ms. Maxwell 
knew about the Churcher article, which told her about the 
litigation against Epstein. 
THE COURT: It told her there was a complaint. 
MS. SCHULTZ: Your Honor, this is also a public record 
that should come in under 803(8). This came from a public 
office, the United States Department of Justice. It contains 
findings of a legally authorized investigation into the sex 
crimes of Epstein. Defendant cannot make a showing that it 
lacks trustworthiness. She does not cite to any cases in which 
a victim notification letter has been excluded. Defendant has 
in her briefing tried to recharacterize this as a witness 
notification letter, but that's not what this is. It says 
right at the top, Jeffrey Epstein, 
Notification of Identified Victims, not identified witness. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592422
--- PAGE 55 ---
H3ulgiva 
The Seventh Circuit case cited by defendant can be 
distinguished because in that case someone was trying to show 
that he wasn't a criminal and that he was a victim instead. 
That's not the situation here. So this has all the components 
to warrant admission under 803(8). 
And one more point. Alex Acosta never said he didn't 
have enough evidence to convict Epstein. He said it was a risk 
to go to trial. Every trial is a risk, and a decision not to 
go to trial against someone does not mean that any of these 
victims were not victims. It's a decision an attorney made 
about whether to go to trial or to seek restitution in a 
different manner. 
That's all I have on that. 
THE COURT: Tell me again why you think this is 
relevant. 
MS. SCHULTZ: I think, your Honor, that it goes to the 
state of mind that Maxwell had when she issued her defamatory 
statement. She knew that Ms. 
had brought this claim 
against Epstein and the rubric under which she brought it 
because she knew about the Churcher article, alerted her to it. 
She had that knowledge for nearly five years. This was 2011. 
She made a defamatory statement in 2015. 
THE COURT: She knew that a case had been brought by 
against Epstein, right? 
MS. SCHULTZ: Yes, sir. Yes, your Honor. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592423
--- PAGE 56 ---
H3ulgiva 
Ms. 
THE COURT: More than that? 
MS. SCHULTZ: It also shows that she knew about 
standing under the CVRA joinder motion, because 
that's also in this letter. And defendant did testify that she 
knew why her boyfriend went to jail. She testified that she 
knew about that. So it's kind of disingenuous to say that 
defendant had no idea what was going on and all of a sudden in 
2015 --
THE COURT: Well, she knew that he went to jail, and 
presumably she knew --
MS. SCHULTZ: For sex crimes with minors. 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Your Honor, could I just add one point. 
I'm sorry. Just one point of clarification with respect to the 
Jane Doe 102 complaint, which is May 4th of 2009. Defendant 
testified she was still working for Epstein in 2009, and this 
has, if you turn in your binder, paragraph 17, specific 
allegations about Maxwell leading her up to the room, about the 
abuse she suffered by Maxwell, about how she engaged in that 
abuse. I mean, there's no way to say Maxwell did not know 
about the allegations in a complaint in 2009 when she's still 
working for Epstein that specifically talk about her abusing 
somebody. Taking off clothes 
I mean, it goes into grand 
detail about the abuse. 
THE COURT: But that's an assumption. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592424
--- PAGE 57 ---
H3ulgiva 
MS. McCAWLEY: Well, we're entitled to ask her on the 
stand; we're entitled to ask Jeffrey what he told her. 
THE COURT: That's a different issue. That's a 
different issue. I mean, that's a wholly different thing. 
You're talking about your affirmative case. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Thank you, your Honor. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, in the binder behind Tab 6 
is the statement issued by Ms. Maxwell in 2011, which says, 
"Ghislaine Maxwell denies the various allegations about her 
that have appeared recently in the media." It doesn't 
reference Jane Doe 102. There's no evidence that she even had 
a copy of the complaint or knew anything about the complaint 
that 
had filed as an anonymous person back in 
2011. That's a statement she issued in response to the 
articles behind Tabs 4 and 5. 
I don't even understand the argument that Jeffrey 
Epstein can authenticate this victim notification letter. I 
really don't. I'm struggling. 
And I also struggle with the Russian nesting dolls, 
because to say that one thing gives you notice to another 
thing, that gives you notice to another thing, it really kind 
of just eliminates the rules of evidence, your Honor. 
THE COURT: In the interest of humanity, we will have 
a short break. 
(Recess) 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592425
--- PAGE 58 ---
H3ulgiva 
(In open court) 
THE COURT: Much as I'd like to move on, I do have one 
other question. Is there going to be evidence of settlement of 
Jane Doe, from the defense? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: You anticipate this answer, your Honor. 
It kind of depends on what happens in the plaintiff's case in 
chief. You know, that's as best as I can answer it. I mean, 
it is not my present intention to introduce that evidence 
during the course of the trial, I think is the best way I can 
say it, but it's obviously going to depend on what happens in 
the first part of the case. I mean, you know, if this thing 
busts wide open, then it may be a donnybrook here about all 
this stuff. 
THE COURT: Well, and I thought that the information 
chat I have about that came from the defense. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: It may be. I think we filed a motion 
in limine to preclude the plaintiff from introducing it in 
their case in chief. I think that's why you have that 
information. 
THE COURT: Ah. And is that --
MS. McCAWLEY: Yes, your Honor. 
THE COURT: That's part of the --
MS. McCAWLEY: It's a separate motion, your Honor. 
_ 
can give you the docket entry. No. 6 --
THE COURT: Where is it? I mean, we don't have it 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592426
--- PAGE 59 ---
H3ulgiva 
today. 
MS. McCAWLEY: They moved for an extension of time to 
respond to that. So it's their motion, the defendant's motion. 
They moved to exclude the Jane Doe 102 complaint and the Jane 
Doe settlement. Docket entry 663. We opposed that, in part, 
and then they asked for an extension. I believe they're 
supposed to be filing their reply to that this evening, so we 
can argue that -- I'm happy to argue it now, but --
THE COURT: No, no. Thanks very much. It is 
conceivable that that would solve many of the problems that we 
just talked about, however. 
Okay. Where are we? Yes. Evidence of Maxwell's 
involvement. 
MR. CASSELL: Is this 686? 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MR. CASSELL: Yes, your Honor. Paul Cassell for 
Ns. 
. I'm arguing this motion. 
As you know, the motion was an affirmative motion to 
avoid disputes arising in the middle of trial, and so we set 
out at the beginning of the pleading 
and I won't recount all 
of it here, but -- illustrative types of evidence that we were 
going to produce. And this, of course, is going to be evidence 
that goes directly to proving the allegations that we've been 
talking about today. For example, we're going to produce Tony 
Figueroa, who's going to say that Epstein's assistants 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592427
--- PAGE 60 ---
H3ulgiva 
regularly called him asking him to bring girls over for 
Epstein, and in fact the defendant once or twice called him 
personally asking him to bring girls over. Epstein and the 
defendant were always with each other --
MR. PAGLIUCA: Your Honor, this is all subject to the 
protective order, and I guess I don't know -- if we're throwing 
it out the window, we're throwing it out the window and I will 
respond in kind, but, you know, I just put it out there so that 
there can be a fair response. This is a defamation case. I 
think I'm entitled to a fair response to these comments, but 
don't want to be hamstrung by the protective order in 
responding to these claims. 
THE COURT: Well, look, and this goes to all counsel. 
This would be part of the trial --
MR. CASSELL: Yes. 
THE COURT: -- except that you chose to bring it now, 
and I'm not critical of that. That's perfectly all right by 
me. But this is really part of the trial. And so I think the 
defense comment is an appropriate one -- I mean, noting the 
fact that the order is no longer in effect. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: That's all fine with me, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Well, I understand, but just so we all 
know where we are. I mean, as I understood it, you all had 
agreed -- now maybe I'm wrong -- that anything that was 
introduced or anything that, absent a particular application, 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592428
--- PAGE 61 ---
H3ulgiva 
anything that occurred in the trial is open. And this is part 
of the trial. It isn't, but it is. And so what I'm saying is, 
I think it is part of the trial, even though it's in the in 
limine motion. It would be made during the trial. Now of 
course it would not be made in front of a jury, but it would be 
public. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: The only reason I'm raising this issue, 
your Honor, is twofold. 
THE COURT: No. I think it's useful. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: I don't want to be in violation of your 
order. 
THE COURT: No, no. Understood. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: But the other is, we have these 
arguments, and then after the fact plaintiff's counsel moves to 
redact things that they don't like from the transcripts when, 
you know -- it's like either it is or it isn't part of the 
record. 
THE COURT: Well, that we don't have today. I mean, 
that issue we don't have today. But I've already said what 1 
think about it. And, I mean, it's not written in stone, 
obviously. I'd be pleased to have any authority that anybody 
wants to give me on it. But that's my reaction, that this is 
part of the open record, just so we all know where we are. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Great. 
MR. CASSELL: If I could just make a note about two 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592429
--- PAGE 62 ---
H3ulgiva 
points. One would be, there are minor victims of sexual 
assaults who are not parties to this case. 
THE COURT: Well, now, you can't have it both ways. 
Okay? If there's somebody you want to talk about whose 
identity you want concealed, I thought we had understood that 
that was fine. Make an application, we'll deal with that. 
We'll deal with that. Absent that --
MR. CASSELL: It's going to be my practice to refer to 
under-age victims of sexual assault by initials rather than 
their full names, and I would hope defense counsel would agree 
to follow the same approach. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: No. 
MR. CASSELL: Then we would make an oral application 
that the names of minor victims of sexual assault be referred 
to by their initials, because it's not like --
THE COURT: Well, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. One 
of the problems I have at the moment is trying to bring order 
out of chaos, and I think we had agreed that if there's going 
to be an application for that kind of relief, it should be made 
and we'll deal with it. I don't want to do it on the fly, 
suddenly, without any notice to anybody about anything, and so 
if you want to do that, I'm not prejudging it at all. That's 
fine with me. But I think where we are at the moment is that 
anything that's referenced now is open. That's the way I look 
at it. Okay. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592430
--- PAGE 63 ---
H3ulgiva 
MR. CASSELL: Thank you, your Honor. For example, I'm 
going to refer, in the next bit of evidence, which is in our 
reply brief, to a woman who I will identify by the initials SR. 
She described defendant as "the main right-hand woman of 
Epstein" in connection with recruiting girls. She described a 
rotation. She said the rotation was organized by defendant. 
Every single day defendant would go to another girl and say, 
"It's your turn." 
THE COURT: Well, wait, wait, wait. Maybe I'm 
wrong -- which, parenthetically, I have been wrong on a number 
of occasions, which I regretfully report -- but this is the 
kind of an argument that somebody gets on the stand and they 
begin to testify and somebody makes an objection. And isn't 
that the case here? I mean, I don't know. I guess I'm saying, 
is this a proper in limine motion? I mean, we can't try the 
case twice. 
MR. CASSELL: Right. But your Honor, the reason we 
brought this to your Honor's attention early is, this is going 
to permeate a number of the significant witnesses in the case. 
And rather than doing it on the fly in the middle of the trial 
with the jury here, since the issue can be clearly framed for 
your Honor at this point, there's no dispute as to what kind of 
evidence we're going to try to produce at trial, and I think 
there's obviously no dispute the defendant is going to oppose 
it, we wanted to surface the issue --
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592431
--- PAGE 64 ---
H3ulgiva 
THE COURT: Yes, but what you just said, you see, it 
will be a question of what time frame are we talking about, of 
what was the witness' access. I mean, there are a lot of 
foundational questions that will come up, it seems to me. I 
mean, what I'm hoping is, as we proceed, we'll have an idea of 
who's going to testify and a rough idea of what their testimony 
is going to be, and at that point I'm perfectly prepared to sit 
with counsel and deal with it, but I'm not sure that we can go 
through witness by witness now. Does that make sense? 
MR. CASSELL: It does very much, your Honor. I was 
simply offering in our brief -- as you know, our papers offered 
illustrative examples of an issue that your Honor is certain to 
face at trial so that we could get your guidance pretrial as to 
how --
THE COURT: If you have a witness who's going to 
testify that Ms. Maxwell did in fact do the things that she 
says 
said she did, that --
MR. CASSELL: That's all we're looking for. 
THE COURT: Well, that's the case, isn't it? 
MR. CASSELL: As you know, it seems like in this case, 
what's being --
THE COURT: Well, let me ask the defense: What's your 
view of all this? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Well, your Honor --
THE COURT: There's a propriety of trying to deal with 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592432
--- PAGE 65 ---
H3ulgiva 
this now. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: We pointed this out in the papers, 
which is precisely this problem you're struggling with. In the 
response that we filed, we pointed out that they haven't 
complied with Rule 404(b) and they haven't complied with 
Rule 415 because, you know, the allusion to this testimony are 
things like these bullet points on page 3 of their application: 
"Ms. 
will introduce testimony from a female," 
unidentified. "Ms. 
intends to introduce testimony of 
another witness." There is no time frame, there's no identity. 
We have a bullet point that is literally three sentences long 
for each of these. So there's no context for the Court to rule 
on any of this. 
So I agree with you, your Honor. I think, though, it 
is going to be an issue that is going to be struggled with 
during the course of this trial, in my view. And there are 
competing 404(b) motions here, in essence, your Honor. They 
have filed a 404(b) motion to introduce evidence and we have 
filed a 404(b) motion to exclude evidence. Frankly, we don't 
know what the evidence is that they're talking about in this 
application to introduce the evidence, and we don't believe 
that they have complied with the rules, and so as a matter of 
pretrial ruling, it should just be denied and, you know, if 
there is some evidence then that we need to discuss, we need to 
discuss it. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592433
--- PAGE 66 ---
H3ulgiva 
But for example, there are specific requirements under 
Rule 404(b) that has to be offered for a specific purpose. You 
know, we have to be able to separate out the impermissible 
inference from the appropriate purpose. There has to be a 
finding by the Court under HuddIeston, and so on and so forth. 
And unless the plaintiffs can provide you with sufficient 
information that can then be challenged, we're just spinning 
our wheels here, because we're talking about things that we 
don't know about. 
Similarly, Rule 415 has specific requirements that 
have to be complied with for the proponent of the evidence. 
None of those have been complied with here. 
So my suggestion is that this motion at this point be 
denied, and if there's a specific evidentiary foundation that 
the Court can have that would allow the Court to make a ruling 
after argument, that's fine, but right now we just have 
counsel's representations in papers and in court and no actual 
evidence before your Honor. 
MR. CASSELL: Your Honor, may I approach briefly, 
because with regard to compliance with the rules, it requires 
notice of the specific testimony at issue, and we included an 
appendix, I believe it's approximately a 25-page-long document, 
so --
MS. MENNINGER: Is that in your reply? 
MR. CASSELL: Appendix A? 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592434
--- PAGE 67 ---
H3ulgiva 
MS. MENNINGER: You provided the notice in the reply? 
MR. CASSELL: Your Honor, I'm happy to argue, but I 
don't believe counsel should be interjecting in the middle of 
my argument. I'd like to just provide this document to your 
Honor at this time. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Well, the point of what Ms. Menninger 
is saying, your Honor 
MR. CASSELL: Your Honor, is it my turn to speak? 1 
would request that I be given an opportunity to make my case 
now. 
THE COURT: Well, wait a minute. I'm trying to 
MS. MENNINGER: Can you give us a copy. 
THE COURT: I'm trying to figure out whether I'm going 
to hear any of this now. 
Well, there we are. I take it under 415 there are 
certain requirements. 
MR. CASSELL: Yes, your Honor. And that's what 
Appendix A is. 
THE COURT: Witness' statements or summary of the 
expected testimony. 
MR. CASSELL: Yes, your Honor. That's what Appendix A 
is designed to do. It's a 20-page summary of approximately 1 
believe ten different witnesses. We've asked in our pleading 
to have Appendix A construed as the appropriate notice under 
Rule 415(b). If your Honor were to rule today that that notice 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592435
--- PAGE 68 ---
H3ulgiva 
is not adequate, we would certainly provide additional notice. 
We notice, by the way, that 415 requires notice 15 days in 
advance of trial. 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MR. CASSELL: So today, one of the things I'm trying 
to make certain isn't overlooked is that we provided fair 
notice to the other side. 
THE COURT: That's fine. You say Appendix A. 
MR. CASSELL: I believe your law clerk has it right in 
front of you. 
THE COURT: Ah, okay. 
On the question of whether this is ripe, let me ask 
the defense, what do you think about Appendix A? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: The first thing I would point out, your 
Honor, is that it wasn't proffered as part of their motion; it 
was proffered as part of the reply, and very recently, and we 
haven't had the time to respond to it. That's point one. 
Point two is, the cited transcript testimony, frankly, 
is the subject of a number of other objections and motions that 
are pending for a lot of these witnesses. And so the testimony 
that's being proffered is also -- I know, because I wrote some 
of the objections -- being objected to for other reasons. So 
if we're going to talk about this testimony as the proffer, I'd 
like an opportunity to respond to it. But it also makes some 
sense to me that this would be put in abeyance until after we 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592436
--- PAGE 69 ---
H3ulgiva 
rule on some of the other motions, including issues 
specifically related to the questions and answers in the 
deposition, because that may impact the Court's ruling on this. 
THE COURT: Okay. Now what else do we have? I think 
I know what we're doing tomorrow. Ah. Oh, so with this, we're 
going to deal with that. Right? 
MS. MENNINGER: Correct. 
THE COURT: So that makes some kind of sense to me. 
I understand that you believe some of the designated 
testimony is inadmissible for various reasons, and that we'll 
deal with on the 5th, and I think maybe it would be 
appropriate -- and tell me if you agree or disagree -- that on 
the 5th, if you have any other objections to the notice element 
in the rules, raise them then and then we'll decide whether we 
want to pursue this now or hold it for trial. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: That makes perfect sense to me, your 
Honor. 
THE COURT: How does that sound to the plaintiffs? 
MR. CASSELL: I think that's satisfactory, your Honor. 
I would just point out that the notice is not due until 15 days 
before trial. 
THE COURT: No. I understand that. 
MR. CASSELL: But we are planning to supplement this 
notice, particularly in light of, we continue to hear 
objections today that this isn't sufficient, so I'm planning to 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592437
--- PAGE 70 ---
H3ulgiva 
provide a supplemental notice. 
THE COURT: Well, when will your notice be complete? 
And of course you're entitled to say not until 15 days before 
trial. 
MR. CASSELL: I'm the one who will be preparing the 
notice. I'm out of town until I get back in my office next 
Tuesday, and so I can have it ready for you by Wednesday night, 
of next week. 
THE COURT: But you heard what I said, that --
MR. CASSELL: Right. 
THE COURT: -- that's it? 
MR. CASSELL: We would then have what we think is a 
sufficient notice by next Wednesday night. 
THE COURT: No, no, no. But that's not quite what I'm 
saying. 
MR. CASSELL: I'm sorry. 
THE COURT: What I'm saying is, do you want to use the 
entire period that is available to you --
MR. CASSELL: No. 
THE COURT: All right. Well, then you tell us. What 
date will you make your final --
MR. CASSELL: Next Wednesday night. Because I think 
we're here next Wednesday, and Thursday it could be argued. 
THE COURT: All right. So then obviously we won't be 
able to deal with this question of the notice until the 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592438
--- PAGE 71 ---
H3ulgiva 
following week. 
MR. CASSELL: Are we here next Wednesday and Thursday 
or --
THE COURT: I don't know. Oh, yes. Well, but you're 
also going to be here on the 10th. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: We're here next Wednesday, not next 
Thursday. 
MR. CASSELL: Oh, I'm sorry. 
THE COURT: I don't know. Wednesday, Thursday? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: We're here next Wednesday, not next 
Thursday. And just to this point, I'd rather not get a notice 
either Tuesday night or Wednesday --
THE COURT: Oh, no. Of course. I understand that. 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Thank you. 
THE COURT: Oh, yes. Okay. So next Wednesday is the 
drop dead date for the notice under 415. And we will consider 
it, and defense will let us know if they have any objections to 
the notice qua notice. 
MR. CASSELL: Right. 
THE COURT: And then at that point we'll determine 
whether we want to hear it in advance of trial or save it for 
the trial. Okay? 
MR. CASSELL: The only thing that we would request is, 
if the defense says, your notice is defective on point A or B, 
since we don't have to finally file it until 15 days before, we 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592439
--- PAGE 72 ---
H3ulgiva 
would then request leave to have a chance to fix it. We want 
to --
THE COURT: Well, that's just exactly what I was 
trying to avoid. So look, okay, you want to take your full 
time, go ahead, take it. Obviously we will not be able to deal 
with this until 15 days before the trial. Which is okay. 
MR. CASSELL: All right. Thank you, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Okay. All right. So where are we now? 
What's the plaintiff's plan? 
MS. McCAWLEY: I think you said the next motion that 
you wanted to hear was defendant's motion prohibiting 
questioning regarding defendant's sexual activities, which 
is --
THE COURT: 675? No. 
MS. McCAWLEY: -- 665. 
MS. MENNINGER: I have 675, as your Honor had 
indicated. 
THE COURT: Yes. 
Forgive me. Maybe you all know where we are on the 
415 problem, timingwise, but I don't. 
MS. MENNINGER: I don't. 
MS. McCAWLEY: You mean what you were just discussing, 
your Honor, for our notice? We'll provide the notice within 15 
days prior to trial. Is that what you're asking? 
THE COURT: Okay. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592440
--- PAGE 73 ---
H3ulgiva 
MS. McCAWLEY: That's how we'll do that. 
THE COURT: So you won't do anything before then. 
Okay. 
MS. McCAWLEY: So I'm sorry. I confused you. I 
thought you were asking about -- when you gave the list at the 
beginning of the hearing, I think what you said, one of the 
ones you wanted to hear was DE 665, which is defendant's motion 
in limine to prohibit questions regarding defendant's adult 
sexual activities. 
THE COURT: The only ones --
MS. McCAWLEY: That's fully briefed. 
THE COURT: Yes. Okay. It's Maxwell's motion. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Yes, your Honor. 
MS. MENNINGER: Are you talking about 665 or 675? 
THE COURT: I think 675? 
MS. McCAWLEY: Or -- oh, do I have the number wrong? 
I'm sorry. 
MR. EDWARDS: 665 is --
MS. MENNINGER: I have 675, which is our motion in 
limine to permit questioning regarding plaintiff's sexual 
history and reputation. 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MS. McCAWLEY: Oh. But you also have a motion in 
limine to prohibit questions regarding defendant's adult sexual 
activity. That's 665. That's defendant's motion in limine. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592441
--- PAGE 74 ---
H3ulgiva 
THE COURT: Well, you want to do that? It's the same 
problem. Well, no, it isn't. No, it isn't. 
Okay. So let's do 675. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, I will say that it is my 
reading of Rule 412 that any hearing that is based upon in part 
Rule 412 is supposed to be conducted in a in camera setting. 
MS. SCHULTZ: Counsel for Ms. 
has no objection 
to that. 
MS. MENNINGER: It's our position that the materials 
are not barred by 412, but I am trying to be cautious here, 
your Honor. 
THE COURT: Well, let me ask you a dumb question. 
This is not a sex offense case. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, in fact, the notes, the 
committee notes in regard to Rule 412 specifically exclude 
defamation actions involving statements concerning sexual 
misconduct, which is pretty directly on point, I think. 
THE COURT: Oh, yes. Okay. All right. Okay. Is 
there anybody in the courtroom that is not part of the 
litigation team? Okay. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, there is counsel for a 
witness who happens to be present who is covered by the 
protective order, but I believe there are other people who are 
not related to the trial team. 
UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: I am not part of the 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592442
--- PAGE 75 ---
H3ulgiva 
litigation, but I wanted to read something. Our attorney said 
to read something in the courtroom. 
(Reporter interrupted for clarification) 
THE COURT: Will the lawyers get this sorted out. 
MR. CASSELL: It's a --
MR. EDWARDS: I think it's the press objecting to the 
court proceedings. She wants to put something on the record 
for the press. That's what I understand. 
UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: Yes. Exactly. 
THE COURT: Thanks very much but no thanks. The 
courtroom will be closed. 
(Unidentified member of the press excused from the 
courtroom) 
MS. McCAWLEY: He's with our firm over there. 
MS. MENNINGER: Your Honor, I hope I'm being clear, 
but I'm going to say it one more time. I do not believe that 
Rule 412 bars the evidence that we seek to admit by virtue of 
this motion. However, we filed this motion in an abundance of 
caution. I was directing your Honor to the advisory committee 
notes that actually say that 412 does not bar this kind of 
evidence in a defamation action involving statements concerning 
sexual misconduct, which this case clearly is. 
Your Honor, there are four categories of evidence that 
we would like to introduce and we believe are not precluded by 
Rule 412 or any of the other rules of evidence, and so that's 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592443
--- PAGE 76 ---
H3ulgiva 
what the point of my motion is. The first one relates to 
plaintiff's allegations that prior to ever meeting Mr. Epstein 
or Ms. Maxwell, she was the victim of sex trafficking by an 
individual named Ronald Eppinger. Mr. Eppinger apparently was 
indicted in Florida for some sex crimes, and plaintiff's 
counsel took Mr. Eppinger's sex crimes information, his 
indictment, his arrest, neither of which mentioned plaintiff, 
by the way, but they took those materials and gave them to 
their psychiatric expert, Dr. Kliman, who made the video we 
talked about earlier. Dr. Kliman also administered a number of 
tests to plaintiffs to figure out whether she had any 
preexisting mental health conditions, in particular 
posttraumatic stress disorder. In response to plaintiff's 
claims that she had posttraumatic stress disorder, she 
described a period of time when she says she was victimized by 
Mr. Eppinger, and she attributed her PTSD to that time period. 
Then, in Dr. Kliman's report, he describes both Mr. Eppinger's 
criminal charges and also -- and this is very important, your 
Honor -- plaintiff claims that when she first met Mr. Epstein 
and Ms. Maxwell, she told them about Ron Eppinger, that she 
said she had previously been the victim of sex crimes by this 
Ron Eppinger, and she said she told them that so they knew that 
she was a vulnerable victim. And she attributes that 
conversation to the very first time she met Ms. Maxwell and 
Mr. Epstein. She not only has put that into her book 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592444
--- PAGE 77 ---
H3ulgiva 
manuscript but she told that to her psychiatrist, who was the 
expert endorsed by her in this case. So Dr. Kliman, at his 
deposition, was asked about any preexisting conditions that 
Ms. 
has, and he found that she already had PTSD from 
this Eppinger event prior to ever meeting Mr. Epstein or 
Ms. Maxwell. And he also said that she needs treatment for the 
fact that she had already been trafficked; she needs 
psychiatric treatment going forward for that prior event, even 
without any alleged defamatory statement. In other words, he 
said that even if this statement had never been made, he would 
also have recommended that she continue to have treatment going 
forward. And then, as you know, from reading all of the 702 
motions, he has said she needed a certain dollar value of 
treatment going forward. 
So for us, now she's got a claim for PTSD from the 
alleged defamatory statement, or at least she's claiming her 
prior PTSD was exacerbated by the defamatory statement. 
There's no way to talk about her preexisting condition without 
talking about the fact that she says she was sexually 
trafficked before meeting Epstein and Maxwell, and also she 
says she told them about it in their first meeting. There's 
simply no way to cross-examine her about either her condition 
or her story as it relates to Epstein and Maxwell without 
getting into this alleged prior sex trafficking. Plaintiff in 
their response said they want to keep it out. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592445
--- PAGE 78 ---
H3ulgiva 
It also was a part of her story in those Sharon 
Churcher articles, your Honor now has in a book in front of 
you, that we talked about a little bit earlier, so it is 
plaintiff who publicized to the entire world the fact that she 
says she was sexually trafficked prior to Epstein and Maxwell. 
She put that into her Sharon Churcher story. She got paid for 
that story. And so one of the issues in our case are her 
damages to her reputation. And if she's the one who was 
affirmatively selling that story to the press, publicizing it 
to the world, it is impossible for us to cross-examine her with 
regard to what her reputation was like in advance of any 
supposed statement that she claims is defamatory. So in other 
words, Rule 412 excludes 
even if your Honor were to find 
that it applies for some reason, it explicitly excludes 
evidence offered to show the defamatory statement did not 
damage her reputation, if the victim puts her reputation in 
issue. That's in the plain language of the rule. 
The second category of evidence we seek to introduce 
at trial, your Honor, relates to testimony by her fiancé 
Michael Ostrich and her boyfriend Tony Figueroa. The facts on 
this, your Honor, are that Ms. 
met Mr. Ostrich, he was 
the brother of someone she was in rehab with, she was in drug 
rehab from the ages of 14 to 15, and she made a friend there 
and it turned out to be Mr. Ostrich's sister, so when she got 
out of drug rehab in 1999, she moved in with Mr. Ostrich's 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592446
--- PAGE 79 ---
H3ulgiva 
family, met him and became engaged to him. While she was 
engaged to him, she and he -- and he described at the 
deposition, he got down on one knee and proposed to her and 
gave her a ring. They then moved back in with plaintiff's 
parents for a while. And again, your Honor, this all predates 
when she says that she met Ms. Maxwell or Mr. Epstein. She 
moved back in with her parents with her fiancé. Both of her 
parents talked about her having this fiancé and living in the 
trailer outside of their home. And then ultimately she -- I'm 
sorry. There was a period of time she and this fiancé lived 
apart in another city, in an apartment, and then later they 
moved back in with plaintiff's parents, and then they got their 
own apartment near her parents' house, and she says that when 
she was living in this apartment is when she met Mr. Epstein 
and Ms. Maxwell. 
Your Honor, we seek -- I did not ask Mr. Ostrich 
questions about any particular sexual acts. I asked him 
questions about her being engaged to him and living with him 
during the period of time she claims she was a sex slave of 
Mr. Epstein. So Mr. Ostrich has relevant testimony regarding 
the time period, his observations, his conversations with her, 
and the fact that he was her fiancé at that period of time. 
don't think any of that implicates Rule 412, the fact that she 
was engaged to and living with her boyfriend, but plaintiffs 
have taken a different view in their response, somehow claiming 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592447
--- PAGE 80 ---
H3ulgiva 
that a 16 year old can't legally be engaged and therefore it's 
somehow a commentary on her sex life. I don't get it. She's 
engaged, she's living with a guy, and she's presenting herself 
to her parents and the world as being engaged to him. 
Secondly, your Honor, she held herself out to 
Ms. Maxwell as being engaged to this individual, by her own 
account. So she told Ms. Maxwell she was engaged. One of the 
issues in this case is the age at which she met Ms. Maxwell, 
etc., but certainly if you're talking about an individual's 
state of mind, if they are presented as an engaged person 
when's living alone with their fiancé, it certainly suggests 
that they are 18 or older. Because it does not relate to any 
evidence of her sexual behavior or predisposition, I don't 
think Rule 412 covers it either. 
Finally, your Honor, there are two instances -- and 
your Honor has heard about these obliquely during the course of 
litigation in this case -- where plaintiff made prior false 
allegations of sex assault, when she was 14 years old. And in 
those same committee notes, your Honor, that I just referred 
you to under Rule 412, is the following statement: "Evidence 
offered to prove allegedly false prior claims by the victim is 
not barred by Rule 412." So right there in the committee 
notes, which the Supreme Court has directed are to be given 
weight, controlling weight, and authority, prior false claims 
are not covered by the rule. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592448
--- PAGE 81 ---
H3ulgiva 
There were two instances, your Honor. One was in 
1998, when plaintiff was a runaway from home, using drugs and 
alcohol, and while she was living with Tony Figueroa, she went 
out partying with two boys, and later, after she was in rehab, 
weeks later, after she was in rehab -- not voluntarily, by the 
way, her mother took her against her will and put her in 
rehab -- she made an allegation that that incident involved 
nonconsensual sexual contact. That was made in about February 
of 1998. There was a ten-month investigation. The boys were 
interviewed. And ultimately the DA in that case found that 
Ms. 
lacked credibility and they had a low likelihood of 
success at trial and they decided to drop the charges against 
the boys. And that came after they had interviewed her a 
number of times. 
The second incident, your Honor, is a police report 
from November of 1997. Again, plaintiff was drinking with her 
friends, skipped school, according to her mother, she dropped 
her off, and she went drinking and hanging out with her 
boyfriend, who was a few years older. I think he was 17 or 18. 
And she was found by the police, after some complaints by 
neighbors, drunk in the backyard of a home. And she was on the 
ground in a simulated sex act with her boyfriend, the person 
she described as her boyfriend, and later said that she had a 
consensual sexual relationship with. When she was found, she 
was extremely intoxicated. And she made two statements that 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592449
--- PAGE 82 ---
H3ulgiva 
are noteworthy on this topic. When the police came, she said 
to one of them, "If you don't tell my parents, I will," and she 
used an expletive, basically saying, I'll engage in sexual 
contact with you, Mr. Police Officer. That was one statement 
made in the police reports. Later, when she was in the 
ambulance, going to the hospital for her intoxication, she made 
an allegation that she had been subjected to nonconsensual 
penetration by her friends, or one of the boys there. It's a 
little unclear. And your Honor, she later was interviewed by 
the police and recanted that allegation. She said that she had 
not been subjected to any nonconsensual penetration. 
Your Honor, I understand that these are not pleasant 
topics, but these are two instances in which plaintiff, prior 
to ever meeting Ms. Maxwell or Mr. Epstein, made very serious 
allegations about individuals and either, in the first case, 
the DA found she lacked credibility or, in the second case, she 
changed her mind and said it didn't happen, what she had 
earlier said did happen. Your Honor, she did not disclose any 
of these to her psychiatrist, who, as I just mentioned, had 
found that she had preexisting PTSD, and so it is also 
important to note that in the findings he has made about 
possible sources of PTSD, it did not include this information. 
However, I believe that Rule 412 specifically allows for 
evidence of false prior claims by the victim and so I believe 
that's what we have here. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592450
--- PAGE 83 ---
H3ulgiva 
It also is important for a jury to understand, because 
they might not, that someone who is 14 years old or 15 years 
old can lie about these things. Not only did she lie about 
this. Her boyfriend, for example, Mr. Ostrich -- or excuse 
me -- her fiancé, Mr. Ostrich, said that she had been lying to 
him at that time. She had been lying about where she was. She 
told him she was working, and she wasn't; she was with Tony 
Figueroa. Tony Figueroa later became her boyfriend. She broke 
up with Mr. Ostrich and Tony Figueroa moved into her apartment. 
So Tony Figueroa is someone plaintiff had a consensual sexual 
relationship with during the same time she claims that she was 
sexually trafficked. And so these people are percipient 
witnesses to what plaintiff did or didn't say or places she did 
or didn't go, but they are also people to whom plaintiff held 
herself out, in Mr. Ostrich's case, as her fiancé; in Tony 
Figueroa's case, as her boyfriend. We would ask that the 
evidence related to the Eppinger materials, Ostrich, Figueroa, 
and these two police incidents, be admitted at trial. 
THE COURT: As to Ostrich, did I understand correctly 
that what you want to present there is statements by the 
plaintiff during the period that this relationship, while she 
was, according to her, in the employ of Epstein? 
MS. MENNINGER: Exactly. He is someone who she was 
living with and engaged to at the time she says she met Maxwell 
and Epstein and she didn't tell him about being a sex slave, I 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592451
--- PAGE 84 ---
H3ulgiva 
think is the fairest way to characterize the evidence. 
THE COURT: Yes. Okay. 
MS. SCHULTZ: Your Honor, this is a classic Rule 412 
situation here. Defendant is doing an old routine trying to 
blame the victim by introducing evidence of other sexual 
conduct. These tactics are expressly forbidden by Rule 412's 
rape shield law. 
Let's take a moment to talk about the committee notes 
there. Defendant did not issue a statement alleging sexual 
misconduct here. She was denying Ms. 
allegations of 
being abused by her, so this is not a situation where someone 
says, "that woman is a prostitute," and then to prove the truth 
of that statement, you have to introduce evidence of her being 
paid for sex. That's not what's going on here. And none of 
these things that counsel for defendant seeks to introduce 
makes it more or less probable that defendant was telling the 
truth when she issued her defamatory statement, which is the 
claim at issue here. 
The first thing I would like to address specifically 
is the Eppinger experience. Plaintiff is not relying on that, 
nor relying on Kliman's evaluation of that, to claim damages. 
She's not relying upon that at trial and not presenting that 
that at trial. The only claim for damages in this case relates 
to defamation in 2015 perpetrated by defendant. Any marginal, 
peripheral value, probative value here is highly outweighed by 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592452
--- PAGE 85 ---
H3ulgiva 
the prejudicial effect because it makes her look like a person 
of ill repute. Frankly, they're trying to paint her as a 
promiscuous person. So we're not presenting anything on that 
at trial. 
THE COURT: Well, you're presenting Kliman. 
MS. SCHULTZ: We're presenting Kliman but not his 
opinion with regard to Eppinger. And we're not claiming 
damages on that. 
THE COURT: But it's in the report. 
MS. SCHULTZ: He did a full psychiatric report of 
Ms. 
She's not claiming damages for every single 
psychiatric event that happened in her life. She's claiming 
damages for one. 
THE COURT: Counsel said, and it was my recollection 
as well, that she did indicate that she had previous PTSD. 
MS. SCHULTZ: Right. For which we're not claiming 
damages. Plaintiff could have all kinds of problems, but 
that's not what the case is about. 
THE COURT: Hold on just a second. You're telling me 
you're not claiming PTSD? 
MS. SCHULTZ: Not where Eppinger is the source of 
that. We're claiming damages only related to defendant's 
defamation. 
THE COURT: Yes, yes, but you understand their 
position -- okay. That's one thing, defamation. Yes. But 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592453
--- PAGE 86 ---
H3ulgiva 
there's another cause for this. 
MS. SCHULTZ: I think you have to keep in mind that 
this is defamation --
THE COURT: No. 
MS. SCHULTZ: Sorry. 
THE COURT: The value as against the prejudice, that's 
a different argument. I understand that. 
MS. SCHULTZ: And also, your Honor, the PTSD that 
arose out of the Eppinger event was something 17 years ago. 
The psychological damage from defamation is something that 
arose two years ago. That goes to the weight of the evidence 
as well. 
THE COURT: Well, yes. All right. 
MS. SCHULTZ: With regard to the Churcher articles - 
THE COURT: The point about Eppinger -- it's probably 
in the papers -- what age? 
MS. MENNINGER: She said 1999, your Honor, which is 
also when she said she met Mr. Epstein and Ms. Maxwell. 1999. 
THE COURT: What? 
MS. SCHULTZ: She was 15 years old in the police 
report. It says she was later identified as 
and she was in fact 15 years old. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MS. SCHULTZ: So we're also dealing with a child, 
which is obviously something that would be very prejudicial. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592454
--- PAGE 87 ---
H3ulgiva 
With regard to the argument that you heard from 
defendant's counsel regarding Churcher articles, where this is 
mentioned, again, the prejudicial effects of admitting this far 
outweigh any probative value. These are peripheral issues. 
wouldn't even categorize them as that. These are so far afield 
of the case that's being tried that they're not relevant. 
They're being introduced to make her look like a bad kid. 
Also, with regard to her romantic relationships as a 
young teenager with Mr. Figueroa and Mr. Ostrich, you know, of 
course Ms. 
would not object to evidence showing her 
whereabouts, but defendant wrote an entire brief and just 
presented about her cheating on one of them with the other. 
That testimony about cheating comes squarely under 412, and any 
probative value is far outweighed by the prejudicial effect. 
Again, this is a 2015 defamation claim related to sexual abuse 
by defendant. The shifting affections of a teenager with her 
boyfriend and another boyfriend is peripheral at best. It's of 
no probative value here. It does not prove the truth or 
falsity of defendant's statement. 
With regard to the police report, first of all, there 
is no exception to the hearsay rule that would allow those to 
be admitted into evidence at this trial. So already I think 
that's a nonstarter right off the bat. But most importantly is 
that these are not false allegations of rape. The police 
reports of course speak for themselves. And if your Honor were 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592455
--- PAGE 88 ---
Ea 
H3ulgiva 
to allow questioning about this at trial, Ms. 
could 
prove that she was raped here at 14. You heard defendant's 
counsel say that she was intoxicated to the point where she 
needed treatment. The police report goes a little bit further. 
It says she could not walk. A person that intoxicated cannot 
give consent to sex under Florida law or, frankly, any law that 
I know of, any state law. Excuse me. There are also signs of, 
you know -- she's also 14 years old, so we have statutory rape 
implications there. There's evidence in the police report of 
forcible rape, including internal blood and external abrasions 
and physical injuries around areas of penetration. So here you 
have a person lacking the capacity to consent because of 
extreme intoxication and age and signs of forcible rape, and 
Ms. 
can -- I think the document speaks for herself that 
she could prove at trial that this is a true statement that she 
gave that she did not have sex according to her own volition 
there. 
And that would take the trial down a very different 
road. It would waste time, proving that this is true, and it 
would be confusing to the jury, because the perpetrator is 
not -- police reports are not part of this case. 
The same thing with the second one. You heard 
defendant say that a DA, a district attorney, found that she 
was not credible. That's not what the police report says. 
That is a conjecture by defendant's counsel. She has no idea 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592456
--- PAGE 89 ---
H3ulgiva 
who made that determination, when, based on what evidence or 
anything like that. 
That circles back to the hearsay problems that are 
inherent in these two police reports. There are no exceptions 
under which they come in. Defendant's brief is silent on that. 
Another thing that defendant's briefs are silent on is 
the fact that there are no other cases, in all these pages of 
briefing, where a court has allowed this type of evidence to 
come in. This is a classic Rule 412 case, trying to dirty up 
the victim of sexual assault, and it's prohibited by law. And 
defendant's counsel said, oh, this isn't about sexual assault. 
I heard you question that as well. But the underlying claim 
here is that defendant defamed Ms. 
when she called her 
a liar about speaking out about her sexual abuse. So sexual 
abuse and sexual misconduct is central to this case. I don't 
think you can take that away. 
So I think that the Rule 412 absolutely applies in 
this case, but even if it doesn't, this is a tangent, to say 
the least, and should be precluded under both Rule 401 and 
Rule 403 because it's nothing more than just trying to make her 
look like a bad child in front of the jury and to distract from 
the issues that actually go to the claim of this case. 
MS. MENNINGER: Plaintiff brought a lawsuit based on 
defamation, based on a statement that her claims about being a 
sexual abuse victim were not true. She took Eppinger materials 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592457
--- PAGE 90 ---
H3ulgiva 
and gave them to her expert Dr. Kliman, and Dr. Kliman included 
them in his report. She also included her story about Ron 
Eppinger in stories that she sold to the media. So your Honor, 
reflect for one minute. Do you remember an hour ago when 
plaintiff's counsel handed you a book that had the Sharon 
Churcher articles in and they argued to you, hey, that Jane Doe 
102 is mentioned in that Sharon Churcher article and therefore, 
Ms. Maxwell's denial about that statement somehow related to 
the Jane Doe 102? Do you remember that argument? That's the 
same article that has Ron Eppinger in it. So what plaintiff 
would like to do, I guess, is, when we start talking about the 
Sharon Churcher article, they're just going to scratch out the 
part where plaintiff herself told the story about Ron Eppinger 
and Ms. Maxwell denied it in a pleading and then they gave that 
same information to their expert and we'll just ignore that 
part of his report that relied on it. I don't understand this 
kind of litigation, your Honor. If you're going to bring a 
lawsuit, put your reputation at issue -- and by the way, all of 
this stuff that's available on the internet goes to her 
reputation, and whether her reputation was damaged by any 
statement from Ms. Maxwell. You're going to put all that story 
on the internet, you're going to give it to your expert, and 
then you don't want us to be able to cross-examine about it and 
say well, wait a second, you already had PTSD, didn't you, and 
you're the one who said you already had PTSD when you talked to 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592458
--- PAGE 91 ---
H3ulgiva 
your expert in a video clip? You know, that's been put in with 
his commentary. 
Your Honor, secondly, saying that the Churcher 
articles are prejudicial, in a defamation case -- and she's the 
one that incited that entire media spectacle on herself by 
getting paid to give those stories 
just belies common sense 
and the rules of evidence. 
Your Honor, the police reports -- I think I just heard 
Ms. Schultz say that I was inaccurately reciting what they 
said, so I will just read from the document itself, a certified 
copy, according to the sheriff of Palm Beach. It says, "I 
received a letter from assistant state attorney Teresa Bowman 
concerning the filing disposition on this case. Bowman's 
letter said that this case is no-filed due to the victim's lack 
of credibility and no substantial likelihood of success at 
trial." So I don't believe I have misconstrued the state 
attorney's letter. I'm reading from the document that is a 
certified copy. 
I believe there was mention of hearsay rules, your 
Honor. Admissions by a party are not hearsay under the rules, 
your Honor, so all of Ms. 
statements in these police 
reports are admissions by a party. They are not, your Honor, 
hearsay by definition. 
Another important point, your Honor, and it goes to 
plaintiff's reputation, the 1998 event I just talked about, 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592459
--- PAGE 92 ---
2 
H3ulgiva 
that was also in a news article published in February of 2015. 
The information was apparently obtained by a news reporter and 
published on the internet. And the title of the article I 
think was, "Friends describe a sex kitten," and it goes into 
the fact that Ms. 
was found not credible by the state's 
attorney's office. So again, your Honor, when plaintiff 
chooses to sell her story to the internet and then she 
publicizes her story and she gives it to her expert and she 
talks about her boyfriends and her fiancé and she talks about 
her sexual history and she's asking a jury to decide whether 
her reputation has been damaged, the jury has every right to 
hear everything else that was on the internet, including Ron 
Eppinger and sex kitten and police reports at which she was 
found to lack credibility. 
The import of all of these rules, including 405(b), 
are that when someone puts their reputation at issue and 
they're asking for damages to their reputation, a lot more 
things come into evidence than otherwise might be the case. 
This is exactly that kind of case, your Honor. This is a case 
that turns on plaintiff's claim that she was a victim of sex 
abuse by my client, Ms. Maxwell, and here we have evidence: (1) 
that challenges her damages calculation by Dr. Kliman; (2) that 
challenges her reputation on the internet and whether there was 
any reputation that could be harmed by a statement by 
Ms. Maxwell; and (3) we're talking about whether or not she had 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592460
--- PAGE 93 ---
H3ulgiva 
preexisting conditions. Those are the at-issue points that 
plaintiff chose when she brought this particular lawsuit, your 
Honor, and the evidence challenging those assumptions are what 
we are seeking to introduce. 
THE COURT: Thank you. I look forward to seeing you 
tomorrow morning. 
ALL COUNSEL: Thank you, your Honor. 
(Adjourned) 
MR. INDYKE: Your Honor? Your Honor, may I please 
approach. My name is Darren Indyke. I'm an attorney admitted 
in New York and the general business attorney for Mr. Epstein. 
I'm sorry I'm late and I'm sorry I came after you had gone 
through that beginning decision about the issue, but I only 
found out this morning -- and ran here from New Jersey -- that 
this case was going to be heard today. The lawyers had filed 
the motion to quash, Martin Weinberg and Jack Goldberger. Jack 
Goldberger is a Florida lawyer. He's in Palm Beach right now. 
Martin is in Boston. Martin, I think he sent an email to 
chambers. And what he told me before I came here -- and turned 
off my cellphone so I haven't had further discussions with 
him -- was that he had a medical appointment tomorrow but if he 
absolutely had to, he could find a way to cancel it, but he was 
not really comfortable with doing a hearing without having any 
kind of prior notice of it and would prefer if we could do it 
at the first opportunity in April. 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592461
--- PAGE 94 ---
H3ulgiva 
THE COURT: Do I understand you represent Epstein? 
MR. INDYKE: As a general basis. I'm not a litigator. 
I don't really do this sort of thing. And I apologize if I'm 
stumbling. I just don't do this --
THE COURT: It just shows that you're a very smart 
lawyer not to be a litigator. 
MR. INDYKE: Thank you. 
THE COURT: On Epstein's behalf, you're asking that 
the motion to quash be adjourned a week, is that correct? 
MR. INDYKE: Yes, your Honor. 
THE COURT: Well, what do you all say? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: We don't object, your Honor. 
MR. EDWARDS: Sure, no objection, your Honor. 
THE COURT: The 5th
MR. INDYKE: Thank you, your Honor. 
MR. EDWARDS: Your Honor, I'm sorry. Do you have ten 
seconds for me to answer a question that you asked me earlier 
and I wasn't able to answer? It only relates to whether or not 
I'm making a leap that Ghislaine Maxwell knew of the sex 
offender registration and the plea agreement. Both the fact 
that Jeffrey Epstein was a registered sex offender and the plea 
agreement, the fact that he pled and what he pled to and the 
number of charges are in the Churcher articles in 2011 to which 
she responded. And that's all I wanted to add to that point, 
that it was less of a leap. Thank you, your Honor. (Adjourned) 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C. 
EFTA00592462

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592463.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592463.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mercedes-Benz Manhattan, Inc. 
MERCEDES-BENZ 
770 11th AVENUE 
• NEW YORK.' 10019 ' 
212 • 829.1800 SALES 
NYS DLR. LIC. NO. 7003635 
VEHICLE 
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
P# 
3116840 
BUYER 
NES LLC 
SALESPERSON GARY MANN 
STREET 9 EAST 71ST STREET 
PHONE-RES. 
cm( 
NEW YORK 
STATE NY 
ZIP CODE 10021 
PHONE-RES. 
LESSEE 
NO VERBAL COMMITTAIENTS 
WERE MADE OTHER THAN 
WHAT IS WRITTEN ON THIS
ORDER. 
PHONE-BUS. ( 
) 
-
ADDRESS - 
PHONE-BUS. 
DRIVER'S NAME RICHARD KAM 
ADDRESS - 
FAX-BUS. 
( 
) 
- 
REGISTRANT 
ADDRESS 
E-MAIL richardkahn12@gnail.com 
CLIENT 
SALES REP 
I ORDER AND AGREE TO PURCHASE FROM YOU, ON THE TERMS CONTAINED ON BOTH SIDES OF THIS AGREEMENT. THE FOLLOWING VEHICLE: 
YE6 
In NEW 
USED 
DEMONSTRATOR 
lit
CEDES-BENZ 
°TA( 
TY4SESEDAN 
EgaNeR COLOR 
kli rllAr
itXCL. L1W 
STOCK NO, 
10021 
oary
208ATE 
VIN lsODUX7GBOGA174352 
Annual Miles: 
. . 
„. 
BUYER'S INSURANCE BROKER 
.. ,, . 
- ' 
DELIVERY 
IF THE ABOVE 
DANCE WITH 
DELIVERY 
CANCEL THE 
DATE 
/CUSTOMERS INITIALS 
ABOVE 
HAS THE 
NAME: 
WRING/ VENUE HAS SOT BEEN IEUYERED IN ALCOR. 
THIS CONTRACT WITHN 5 DAYS Of THE 
DATE. THE CONSUMER AND DEALERSHIP 
CONTRACT WITHOUT NOTICE. 
REFERENCED 
RIGHT TO 
ADDRESS 
PHONE: 
POLICY NO: 
VEHICLE PRICE 
CO 
$ 192775.00 
Moron VEHICLE DEPT, INF.ORMATION. ..., 
FACTORY INSTALLED ERIII2MENTACIEALI INSTALLED EQUIPMENT (OR) 
PIANO BLACK LACQUER WO 
(4 ) 
LIENHOLDER: CASH DEAL 
19" TWIN 5-SPOKE WHEEL 
ADDRESS: NY 
BLACK NAPPA HEADLINER 
PANORAMA ROOF 
LIEN NO. NA 
LANG & OLUFSEN SOUND SYST 
ONEW PLATES • O lifFer
n SIT . 0 SELF REG. . O TRANS. CH D PITS. 
SW 
DESCRIPTION OF TRADE IXX 
PURCHASE . 
YEAR 
2015 
MILEAGE 
850 
mUJNILLAc 
IBLA0E 
TRANSPORTATION TO DEALER 
(+) 
VIN 1GYS4UK,J1FR584952 
TRACEN IS CLEAR OF ALI LENS IDACEPT: 
50427 
OW 
$ 
AMOUNT 
ED 
GAS GUZZLER TAX 
C9 
1700.00 
4. 
' (BASIS FoR LUXURY TAX) SUB-TOTAL 
192775.00 
SPEC/AL 
F. TIMER THE LAW OF THE STATE OF 
BUYER SHOULD BE SMILED TO A REFUND 
ANY VEHICLE BUYER MAY HAVE TRADEIMN 
SHALL NOT BE ThE VALUE LISTED IN THE 
ON THE NATIONAL AUTO DEALERS ASSOCIATION 
APPROVED BY THE COMMISIONER OF 
AND ANY MAJOR PHYSICAL OR MECHANICAL 
NOTICE TO CONSUMER 
NEW TORN CONTROLLING 
IN CONNECTION WITH 
(IF TEE salve OCOSES 
nm SALE OF USED MOTOR VEHICLES. 
THIS TRANSACTION, THE VALUE OF 
NOT TO RERAN TT TO BUYER) 
THE VALUE WU- BE DETEFUAIHEO BASED 
WHOLESALE VALUE OR OTHER GUIDE 
FOR MILEAGE IN PROVENENTS 
SERVICE CONTRACT 
(4) 
SUPPLEMENTAL TITLING FEE 
(4.) 
DOCUMENT, INSTEAD 
USED C.AR GUIDE 
MOTOR VEHICLE& AND ADJUSTED 
DEFECT& 
LESS 
(BUYER SEE
TRADE.IN 
AND 5(b) ON BACK) 
85000.00 
CASH PRICE 
107775.00 
USED VEHICLE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT THE INFORMATION BUYER SEES ON 
THE WINDOW FORM FOR THIS VEHICLE IS PART OF THIS CONTRACT. 
ON THE WINDOW FORM OVERRIDES ANY CONTRARY PROVISIONS IN THE CON- 
TRACT OF SALE. 
SALES TAX 
8.875 % (4) 
9565.03 
INSPECTION FEE 
(*) 
10.00 
WASTE TIRE RECYCLING FEE 
(+) 
12.50 
IF 
IS CONTRACT IS CANCELLED BY ME WITHOUT YOUR CONSENT. I UNDER- 
S 
!ABLE TO YOU FOR LIQUIDATED DAMAGES IN 
HREE (3) ON REVERS£ SIDE. 
REGISTRATION FEE (ESTIMATE) 
(+) 
275.00 
DOC FEE 
(+) 
75.00 
TOTAL DELIVERED PRICE 
(l.) $ 117712.53 
TO USED CAR BUYER-a) STATE LAW REQUIRES THAT 
ND HAND CARS CERTIFY IN WRITING TO THE BUYER THAT 
EAC 
IS 
FE CONDITION AT THE TIME OF SALE. (b)THIS 
IS.A. 
In THAT THE CAR IS IN SAFE CONDITION AT THE TIME OF SALE. 
. , 
it} 
i! RIGHT TO REQUEST THE DEALER TO REPAIR OR TO PAY IN 
ANY UNSAFE CONDITION IN THE CAR WHICH DOES NOT 
TiFICAllON. (d) THIS BUSINESS IS LICENSED BY THE 
Or 
AFFAIRS, 42 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10004.
'COMP. 
NriPticiNE: 212 
487-4444. 
NYC • 
DCA Lic.114eess 
ktsjADEPTar„ ORDER 
(-) 
2500.00 
PLUS BALANCE OWING 
ON TRADE-IN 
(+) 
FINANCE CONTRACT 
OR LESSOR RECEIVABLE 
et 
DUE ON DELIVERY $ 115212.53 
ONLY BANK CERTIFIED CHECK OR WIRE TRF 
ave read 
e terms on the back of this agreement and have received a completed copy of tett agreement 
X 
04/27/15 
 X 
DATE 
BUYER'S SIGNATURE 
04/27/15 
SELLERS APPROVAL 
TITLE 
DATE 
SEE OTHER SIDE FOR ADDITIONAL TERMS 
THIS ORDER IS NOT VAUD UNLESS SIGNED AND 
ACCEPTED BY AN AUTHOR2E0 MANAGER. 
IF YOU AGREE TO ASSIST ME IN OBTAINING FINANCING FOR ANY PORTION OF THIS AGREEMENT THEN THIS CONTRACT IS NON-BINDING IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION "Z" UNTIL ALL TRUTH IN LENDING DISCLOSURES HAVE BEEN GIVEN TO AND ARE ACCEPTED BY ME. NAG 
EFTA00592463

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592464.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592464.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
INVOICE 
Generated: Tue. 28 April 2015 12:04:01 
Page I of 4 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
AgentDetalls 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
The Baggage Rules of American Airlines apply to this itinerary, and can be accessed by visiting 
http,VillyarnextravOLCOM.,Daqqage 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Thursday 30 Apr 15 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES- PASSPORTS MUST BE VALID FOR AT LEAST 6 MONTHS BEYOND THE RETURN 
DATE OF TRAVEL 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
American Airlines 
AA207 
Milan. Malpensa 
Miami. Miami International 
10:10 AM 
02:50 PM 
Terminal 1 
V Economy Class 
38B 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Hrs 40 Mins 
Boeing 767-300/300E, 
Lunch Snack 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 0 
Invoice AKMMLX 
AN• E RICAN 
EGRESS 
EFTA00592464
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 4 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
er canAirlines 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Class 
Seats 
AA2379 
Miami. Miami International 
Charlotte Amalie. Cyril E King Airport 
86:20 PM 
08:56 PM 
D Business Class 
4A 
Travel Details 
Monday 04 May 15 
Flight Information 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 36 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 757-200/300 
Meal 
Dinner 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
American Airlines 
AA198 
New York. John F Kennedy International 
Milan. Malpensa 
06:00 PM 
08:25 AM / 05 May 2015 
Terminal 8 
Terminal 1 
I Business Class 
SD 
Travel Details 
Thursday 30 Apr 15 
Flight Information 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 25 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 767-300/300E( 
Meal 
Dinner Continental Blast 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
nes 
Flight 
AA207 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal 1 
Class 
R Business Class 
Seats 
Unassigned 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Milan. Malpensa 
Miami. Miami International 
10:10 AM 
02:50 PM 
Additional Messages 
Waitllsted 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Hrs 40 Mins 
Boeing 767-300/300E( 
Lunch Snack 
Non-stop 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
Page 2 of 4 
Invoice AKMMLX 
ERJOUsi 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00592465
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of4 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centwion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at 'I/AV imPricanP,,nr.as rcolft—
To book your stay. visit arnerIcanexpress.comffhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: calf Centurion Travel Service for details 
•• Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at www.alfianzcan. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise, accommodations, transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includng, without limitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wsh to squire with the hotel before your tnp regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
F ntry and Fxn Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review oww VisnrPoiral rpm for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel 
destination. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability fa any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Alr Transportation Important aline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit httpirmyamextravelcomistaticeconditions fa more information 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5120). Hazardous materials include expbsrves. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet arbdes carried in yow luggage and certain snicking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit Mtn" ,V 
•[n..== .11,umat -f,== 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or 
failures of equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God, fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities, civi 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents a failures related to the public internet telecommunications lines or faciMies. a third party technology systems. a any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you ri finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppbers to you and recommending specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and succoring technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express produrts to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppbers and these arrangements. including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive. are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppbers we identify and the rtineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a dam with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A daim must include sufficient documentation to prove your dam 
and a $35 processng fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001; Larkspur. CA 90977-6001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: www.tcronfo.org. 
Page 3 of 0 
Invoice AXMMLX 
ERKAN 
BCPRESS 
EFTA00592466
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of 4 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom tie services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to tie vendor, tie hinds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA:
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seder of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of travel services or a 
vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information relating to you rights under the Recovery 
Fund and the Ming of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Find. you may contact the Consumer Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at 
the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue. Suite 101, Las Vegas, Nevada 89104. Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
NORTHERN NEVADA. 4600 Nietzke Lane. Building B. Suite 113. Reno. Nevada 89502. Phone: 
California CSTa1022318. Washington UBI/500-469-694. Iowa Tika002. Nevada NVa2001.0126.
Fax: 
. e-mail: 
Page 4 of 4 
Invoice AKMNILX 
IE.:P
RICA
RES
EFTA00592467

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592468.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592468.pdf
----------------------------------------
QUOTE 
TBD 
Bill To Information 
Customer  Mr. J. Epstein 
Customer POC 
Customer Phone 
SBI 
Eel West 
SBI 
. Phone 360.381.0086 
Email
Quote # 
Quote Date 1 72014 
DESCRIPTION: Training for 2 days for up to 5 students 
with one instructor. Training areas shall include, but 
not limited to Team Coordination, Seamanship, Boat 
Handling, Emergency Procedures, Navigation, Mission 
Oriented Operations. 
Item 
UOM 
a Men 
See UOM 
Rate 
Total 
Comments 
TRAVEL 
Airfare 
RT 
$1.500.00 
$1.500.00 Flight from Seattle to SI Thomas 
Airport Parking 
Day 
$45.00 
$180.00 
Mileage 
RT 
$69.44 
$69.44 To and From SEATAC 
Tolls 
RT 
$5.25 
$5.25 
Daily Transportation 
Day 
$60.00 
$240.00 
Hotel 
Day 
$325.00 
$975.00 
Total Travel 
$2,969.69 
LABOR 
Inslructor Labor 
Day 
$1,250.00 
$2.500.00 
Travel Labor 
Day 
5800.00 
$1.600.00 
Per 0:ern 
Day 
$89.00 
$356.00 Per GSA Daily Rates 
Total Label 
54.456.00 
OTHER ODC's 
Graduation Gear! Swag 
Student 
$15.00 
$75.00 Certificates. hats 
Total ODC's 
$75.00 
Sub Total 
$7.500.69 
Tax 
Plus applicable sales tax 
Total Training Price 
Taxes will be added at time of training agreement 
EFTA00592468

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592469.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592469.pdf
----------------------------------------
ESTIMATE - S8904KS 
12/03/2013 
TO: 
SHIP : 
SIR Designs 
Jeffery Epstein 
301 East 66th Street 
Ncw York. NY 
# 14 G 
New York. NY 10065 
Tel: 
9174855.3363 
Tel: 9174155.3363 
Attention: 
Sarah 
Project: Gulfeream 
To supply the following goods: 
Quality: Custom Hand Knotted Tibetan Carpet. Made in Nepal. 100% Real Silk. 100 
knots. 4mm pile height 
Color: Navy Blue 
Size: 47' X 12' = 564 square feet 
CREDIT ON ACCOUNT 
••Priee is net sum for goods** 
Note: FOB Long Island City. NY 
S/M: SLX/Gulfstrem/Carpet 
To order, kindly sign and return with 50% deposit. 
FOB additional. 
Ne N
SACCO 
53,580.00 
-11,337.75 
Net Total: 
$53,580.00 
Deposit Rec.: 
$-11,337.75 
Freight: 
S0.00 
Sales Tax (0.0000%) : 
Amount Due: 
$42,242.25 
7, 
‘KE NCI CASH BEFORE SHIPPING of NIIRCHANDISE. FALB %N0 alt PREVAILING TAXES ARE DBMONAL 
otherunse thew will be an a4Idinonalchalge. Custom Ocder‘ ate no. subleclx.cancellawn. 
Customer Signature 
Date 
Kin, Stellhe 
SACCO CARPET. LW'. 
520 BROADWAY 
6Th ROOK 
NEW YORK. NY MN 2 
EFTA00592469

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592470.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Sehrend Dr Ste.55 !NC 08-03-69 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
Travel Details: 
Wednesday July 2, 2014 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES-PASSPORTS MUST BE VALID FOR AT LEAST 6 MONTHS BEYOND THE RETURN TRAVEL DATE 
THE BAGGAGE FEES/RULES OF AMERICAN AIRLINES/AMERICAN AIRLINES. INC. APPLY TO THIS ITINERARY AND MAY BE ACCESSED BY 
VISITING WWW.AEAIRWEB.COM/MYTRAVELARRANGEMENTS/AIRLINEBAGGAGEPOLICIES.JSP 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas Ca/ Collect 
Agent ID 14 
INVOICE 
Generated: July 1.2014 05:50 PM 
Page 1 of 2 
Travel Details: 
Thursday July 3, 2014 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AMERICAN AIRLINES 
Flight: 
1074 
Departure: 
1:35 pm 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Arrival: 
6:00 pm 
New York JFK. NY 
Arrival Termnal: 
TERMINAL 8 
Seat 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Economy 
ASSIGNED SEATING IS RESTRICTED TO AIRPORT CHECK IN 
Additional Information: 
Aldine Record Locator 
Equipment: 
Boeing 757 
Esbmated Time: 
HR 25 MIN 
Distance: 
1.623 Mies 
Meal: 
Food for purchase 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
-------------------
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
THE AMOUNT OF GOVERNMENT TAXES/AIRLINE-IMPOSED FEES SET FORTH ON THIS 
INVOICE MAY INCLUDE AIRLINE-IMPOSED FUEL SURCHARGES: CUSTOMERS CAN 
CONTACT THEIR TRAVEL COUNSELOR(S) FOR AN ITEMIZED BREAKDOWN OF THIS 
AMOUNT. 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
lam 
EFTA00592470
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 2 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures cr advertisements desalt:4,g any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the teams and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. iicluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your hip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public Internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or. a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
California CSTa1022318.10. Rhode Island ML#1192. Washington UBIII600.469894, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00592471

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592472.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592472.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN 
EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 /NC 08-03-69 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas Ca Collect 
Agent ID: J4 
ITINERARY 
Generated: June 30.2014 03:06 PM 
Page 1 of 2 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing 
authorization is received. Please contact your travel office by 11:59 PM on July 01,or this entire reservation 
will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details: 
Wednesday July 2, 2014 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES-PASSPORTS MUST BE VALID FOR AT LEAST 6 MONTHS BEYOND THE RETURN TRAVEL DATE 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AMERICAN AIRLINES 
Flight: 
1074 
Departure: 
1:35 pm 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Arrival: 
6:00 pm 
New York JFK. NY 
Arrival Termcial: 
TERMINAL 8 
Seat 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Economy 
Additional Information: 
Airline Record Locator 
MNDNTA 
Equipment 
Boeing 757 
Estimated Time: 
HR 25 MIN 
Distance: 
1.623 Mies 
Meal: 
Food for purchase 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-------------------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
Thank you 
you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00592472
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 2 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures cr advertisements desalt:4,g any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the teams and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. iicluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your hip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public Internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or. a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
California CSTa1022318.10. Rhode Island ML#1192. Washington UBIII600.469894, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00592473

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592474.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592474.pdf
----------------------------------------
ALAN IL SCHWARTZ PE CONSULTING ENGINEERS 
353 W. 481" STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10096 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
July 26, 2013 
Dear Mr. Kahn, 
Re: 
East 71st Street 
New York, NY 
Engineering Report 
The following is based on our investigation of the conditions in the 3" 
floor bedroom in the above space. The purpose of the investigation is 
to attempt to remedy any adverse comfort conditions the space. The 
investigation consisted of a review of the existing design drawings for 
the building, the modification of the bedroom system previously 
completed, and an inspection of the cellar and 6" floor mechanical 
rooms as well as a non-destructive inspection of the bedroom and 
surrounding area. 
1) Based on the existing drawings the return air in the sitting room 
and bedroom totals 1670 cfm. The air originally supplied to those 
two rooms totaled 2735 cfm. With the addition of the 10 ton air 
handler, the supply air into the bedroom had increased by an 
additional 1000 cfm, resulting in a total difference of over 2000 
cfm. The original return was designed as a "plenum return;" the 
return duct collects air above the ceiling, requiring the air to 
migrate to the space above the ceiling thru architectural slots 
above the bedroom crown molding. 
We recommend: 
a) increasing the quantity of return air to the space by installing 
a booster fan in the return ductwork to match the increased air flow 
generated by the supply air handler. The booster fan should be 
installed as far away from the bedroom as possible (potentially near 
the service stair) to minimize any sound generated from the fan. 
b) Reroute the ductwork in the corridor to allow the return air to 
be collected below the ceiling, but above the crown molding. 
c) The above recommendations for duct modification are based on 
review of the existing DESIGN drawings and visual inspection of all 
conditions below the ceiling. The as built conditions above the 
sheetrock ceiling could not be determined; the design may need to be 
modified once the actual conditions are determined. 
2) The 10 ton air handler is a pre-manufactured unit that was designed 
to provide a design temperature in the bedroom of 60 degrees F. At 
that temperature, the dehumidification capacity of the unit is 
limited. The amount of humidity that can be removed from the space 
is inversely proportional to the supply temperature coming off of 
the cooling coil; the lower the supply temperature, the more 
humidity can be removed from the room. This unit can only produce a 
EFTA00592474
--- PAGE 2 ---
• Page2 
July26,2013 
temperature of approximately 55 degrees. While this is adequate for 
cooling, this cannot bring the RH in the space below 70% when the 
room temperature is 60 degrees. 
We recommend: 
a) obtaining a custom built unit which has a chilled water coil 
that can produce a discharge temperature of approximately 48 
degrees F. This temperature can bring the humidity in the 
space down to 50% or lower, which is within the comfort range. 
With air temperature this low, it is likely that the space 
would be overcooled. A hot water heating coil should be added 
to the unit AFTER the cooling coil. This would raise the 
temperature 
of 
the 
supply 
air, 
without 
affecting 
the 
dehumidifying capacity of the unit, and enable us to regulate 
the temperature of the bedroom. There will be some additional 
piping modifications to the piping system required by this 
installation. Depending on the unit selected, the chilled 
water requirement may be increased. 
The pump that presently 
feeds chilled water to the air handler may be inadequate and 
need to be replaced as well. 
3) We were informed of another potential option discussed being the 
installation of a Mitsubishi split system in the closed adjacent to 
the bedroom. 
We have reviewed this at this time do not recommend this for the 
following reasons: 
a) The minimum published indoor operating temperature for the 
Mitsubishi unit is 59 Degrees F. This is very close to our 
standard room temperature of 60 Degrees. As with the chilled 
water units, the lower the space temperature, the more 
difficult it is to dehumidify. While there is no data from 
Mitsubishi concerning this reduction, a similar system(Daikin) 
has the moisture removal capacity reduced to 1/3 of its 
nominal total when the space temperature is lowered from 70 
degrees to 61 degrees(lowest published data point). We are not 
confident that this type of system will significantly reduce 
the moisture in the room. 
b) The proposed location of the indoor unit is close to the 
bedroom. Although the Mitsubishi fan coils are very quiet, 
they still generate some sound. With the unit that close to 
the bedroom, there will not be an adequate length of ductwork 
installed to achieve significant sound attenuation. 
c) the Mitsubishi unit will be subject to maintenance on a 
regular basis. The original design concept of the residence 
was to have all mechanical equipment remote from the living 
area, either on the 6th floor or the cellar. 
d) The split system concept requires piping run from the 3" floor 
closet up to the roof. This will result in substantial general 
conditions construction (carpentry, painting, etc) over and 
above the mechanical work. The work for the chilled water 
design all be completed in the mechanical spaces; the return 
duct revisions will require some duct modification in a few 
local areas. 
EFTA00592475
--- PAGE 3 ---
• Page3 
July26,2013 
Let me know if you have any questions or comments 
Very truly yours, 
Alan R. Schwartz PE 
EFTA00592476

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592477.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592477.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
INVOICE 
Generated: Tue. 24 November 2015 16:16:21 
Page I of 4 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
ORCKMH 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket Information for 
Charges 
Airline Name 
Delta Air Lines 
Ticket Date 
2411112015 
Total Charged to American Express 
901.36 
Ticket Number 
7698190400/01 
Invoice 
2324846 
Electronic 
Yes 
Ticket Base Fare 
597.00 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
304.36 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
901.36 
The Baggage Rules of KLM Royal Dutch Airlines apply to this itinerary, and can be accessed by visiting 
https;amyamoxtrayolcomlbaggago 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Saturday 05 Dec 15 
CITIZENS OF SOVIET UNION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines 
KL900 
Moscow. Sheremetyevo 
Amsterdam. Schiphol 
05:40 AM 
07:15 AM 
Terminal E - International 
L Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 35 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 737-800 
Meal 
Meals 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 4 
Invace ORCKMH 
:
AV E RICAN 
E<PRESS 
EFTA00592477
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 4 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Operated By 
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines 
KL6031 
Amsterdam. Schiphol 
Boston. Logan International 
10:30 AM 
12:47 PM 
Terminal E 
V Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Delta Air Lines Inc 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Wednesday 09 Dec 15 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 17 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A330-300 
Meal 
Lunch 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Operated By 
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines 
KL7311 
Charlotte Amalie, Cyril E King Airport 
Atlanta. Hartsfield-jackson Atlanta international 
03:08 PM 
06:19 PM 
Terminal South 
V Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Delta Air Lines Inc 
Flight Information 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 11 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 757-200/300 
Meal 
Food For Purchase 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Operated By 
M
al Dutch Airlines 
KL6012 
Atlanta. Hartsfield-jackson Atlanta International 
Amsterdam. Schiphol 
08:26 PM 
10:50 AM/ 10 Dec 2015 
Terminal Maynard Jackson Intl Term 
H Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Delta Air Lines Inc 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 24 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A330-300 
Meal 
Dinner 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Page 2 of 4 
Invoice 0RCKMH 
EFTA00592478
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 4 
Travel Details 
Thursday 10 Dec 15 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines 
Flight 
KL903 
Origin 
Amsterdam. Schiphol 
Destination 
Moscow. Sheremetyevo 
Departing 
11:40 AM 
Arriving 
05:O0 PM 
Arrival Terminal 
Terminal E - International 
Class 
K Economy Class 
Seats 
Unassigned 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 20 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 737-800 
Meal 
Meals 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Hotel Offers 
Amencan Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel desti-taban! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In. when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival, when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a $100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at ...et wamencanexpress ccolth,. 
To book your stay, visit amerIcanexpress.cornifhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cal Centurion Travel Samos for details 
** Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for delails. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wvnv.allianz.com. Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans, please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise, accommodations, transportation or other services, and to any and all conclibcos contained in documents for any such 
services including, without limitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to, daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your slay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to anguire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review yiww.Visacentral.com(amex for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requrements for your travel 
destrtation. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Page 3 of 4 
Invoice ORCKMH 
il
l E
'z  
MEAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00592479
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of 4 
Air Transportation Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit Mtps:llmyamextraveLoorritstaticiconditions for more information 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on you' person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit hitpsi,www.faa.coviaboxinthativesha zfr 
sa`ety.'. 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense a damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly. from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancslabon of services. cessation of operations. accidents or
failures of equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of govemmental authorities. civil 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease. accidents a failures related to the pubic internel, telecommunications lines or facikties. or third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you n finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppbers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certan suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncenbves for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to tine may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppbers and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation ant incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relabonstups we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppbers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located ki California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your claim 
and a $35 processeig fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001; Larkspur, CA 94977-6001: a by 
visiting TCRC's website at: wonv.tcrenfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
sated between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser uness the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
California CSTI1022318, Washington UBI4500-469-694. Iowa TA.4669. 
Page 4 of 4 
Invoice ORCKMH 
EFTA00592480

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592481.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592481.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 335 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/24/2015 Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO: 08-80736-CIV-MARRAMATTHEWMAN 
JANE DOE #1 AND JANE DOE #2, 
Petitioners, 
vs. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Respondent. 
RESPONSE TO COURT ORDER OF JULY 6, 2015 AND 
UNITED STATES' NOTICE OF PARTIAL COMPLIANCE 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq., of Podhurst Orseck, P.A., files this pleading on behalf of his 
former clients ("Settled Victims" )t in response to the Court's Order of July 6, 2015 [DE 330] and 
the Government's pleading of July 20, 2015 [DE 333]. 
The Settled Victims do not consent to their identities being revealed to the Petitioners. 
Pursuant to their Settlement Agreements, the CVRA, and their Federal and State rights to 
privacy, they insist that they maintain their anonymity. 
To the extent that the Government and/or Jeffrey Epstein and/or others are aware of their 
identity, they, the Settled Victims, request that their identities not be further disseminated. The 
addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers of some of the Settled Victims may be outdated. 
The Settled Victims have specifically and adamantly demanded that their counsel not update any 
One of counsel's former clients is currently a Jane Doe Plaintiff in these proceedings. Therefore, she is not 
included in this class of "Settled Victims". 
EFTA00592481
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 335 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/24/2015 Page 2 of 4 
CASE NO: 08-80736-CIV-MARRAMATTHEWMAN 
information regarding their whereabouts to the Government, any law enforcement agency, the 
Petitioners, Jeffrey Epstein, and/or anyone else. 
Respectfully submitted, 
PODHURST ORSECK, 
Attorneys for Settled Victims 
City National Bank Bldg. 
W. Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, Florida 33130 
Telephone 
Facsimile: 
By: 
/s/ Robert C. Josefsberg 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
Fla. Bar No.: 040856 
EFTA00592482
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 335 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/24/2015 Page 3 of 4 
CASE NO: 08-80736-CIV-MARRA/MATTHEWMAN 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on July 24, 2015, I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document 
is being served this day on all counsel of record, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic 
Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those counsel or parties 
who are not authorized to receive electronically Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Robert C. Josefsberg 
ROBERT C. JOSEFSBERG 
EFTA00592483
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 335 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/24/2015 Page 4 of 4 
CASE NO: 08-80736-CIV-MARRAMATTHEWMAN 
SERVICE LIST 
Brad Edwards, Esc' 
Farmer Jaffe, Et Al. 
425 N. Andrews Avenue 
Suite 2 
Ft. Lauder 
- 268 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Attorneys for Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
S.J. Quinney College of Law 
University of Utah 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 85112 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Attorneys for Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 
A. Marie Villafafia, Esq. AUSA 
United States Attorney's Office 
500 S. Australian Avenue 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
EFTA00592484

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592485.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592485.pdf
----------------------------------------
Department of Homeland Security 
H.S. Citizenship and immigration Services 
Form I-797C, Notice of Action 
THIS NOTICE DOES NOT GRANT ANY IMMIGRATION STATUS OR BENEFIT. 
REQUEST FOR APPLICANT TO APPEAR FOR INITIAL INIERNtW 
WS TYPE 
FORM I-48 5, APPLIC AI ION I 0 REGISTER PERMANENT RESIDENCE OR ADJUST STATUS 
SHINIAK 
du M ARDA BESKARDES 
M ARDA BESKARDES ESQ 
417 BERGNA sTREET 
BROOKLYN NV 11217 
FiftilVIDDAIT 
July_30, 2014
December
re
pa
11, 2014 
MOW, OW 
MY 30, 2014 
loft 
IIIIIIMIIIIIMIII 
You zse hereby notified to appear for the interview appointment. as scheduled below. *or the completion of your Application to Regisinr 
Permanent Residence or Adjust Status (Form )-48.5) and any supporting applications or pettier*. Falk* to *dear for this tnterivew and/or *du( e 
fo Ivies; Me /taw fisted item saghtte_sro/f 
the denial 0:Vie  anotication  RCERICLUadj1311 
_ _ — _ 
Vibe shot/ done with you? 
▪ 
tour 
le based on vow mania:le. your husband or vein? mind cominajayOU to the inteiview. 
If you do not speak English fluently, you should bring an istapreier. 
LI Your attorney or authorized representative may come with you lo the interview 
o it your eligibility is basal on a parenifoinld relatienship and the rhild is a minor the petitioning Parent aid the chid must appear for the in to
'NM: Every Walt toyer 18 yeas of age) vita comes to the interview oust hang Government-issued plioto identification, such as a drivers license or ID cad, 
in order to enter the buidng and to veiny hisher identity al the timed the intanew. You do not eed lo bring your children unless eternise insOucted 
Please been lint, hue GO not arrive more avail 30 Meurer; early. We may record or videotape your interview. 
YOU MIST BRING 1W FOLLOWING ITEMS WFIN YOU: (Please use as a chedilist to pupae for your inteivieve) 
R This Interview Notice and you; Cuiewintent issued photo Wenficaticn. 
DAC/load medcaleammalterl I.F0171-682da.vivracrinaliorisopplemeoun a sealed envelope (unless already suandecg. 
o A oomph:red Affidaiii(s) of Support (Form I864)wth all requited evidence, inctiing the Idiolving,lor ggitof yimaponsont (Untss.Sakealy &brained): 
K Federal Warne Tax returns end W-2's. or SAKI IRS printouts. for the rnxt recent tax year, 
o Letters from each anent employer, retying current roc spay and average weekly hours. and pay stubs for the past 2 months: 
Evidence et your sponsors ander co-sponsors United Stales Cakertat p or Lairdol Pemtanent Resident status, 
O All dodumentatioriestablisdng you; eligivity for Lawful Permanent Rosidad stains. 
• 
Li My iranigratiOnielated (lamentation error issued to you, including any &ploy:mail Authaintion DeXatea (EAD) aW any Authorization for Advance 
Parole (Form 1,512) 
U All travel documents used to enter the United States, including Paespcns, Advance Parole documents (1.512) and I-94s (furivaalepattee Catteill). 
o Yaw OM Certificate. 
U Yaw petitioners Stith Colifeate aid your petitioners evidence oi United Slates Citizenship Or Lade! Parranent Resident Status. 
O I you have children, bring a Birth Cedificale for each of your dildren. 
• 
your eligsMity is based on yore marriage, in &ikon to your spouse caning be Vie interview with you, 
A teethed copy of your Manage Document issued by Ihe apeman* civil authority. 
o your spouse's Oath Catikale aid your vcrinsp's evidenced United Rates Craze-whipor Lawful Permanent Resident status; 
TIll either you or your spouse were ever marisl before, al theme dr:Gees/death certificates to each prior maniagdomier spouse; 
o Birth Certlinates for al chidnen of Ns marriage, and =lady papers for your children and for your spouse's ChiCnne nol living with you; 
D Supporting evidenced your relationship, such as copies 01 any doonnenution regrading joint assets or lignites you aid your spouse may have together. 
This may include. tasreibimarberiaeletarrenisnieswairrea4tiouraeresioary file, Aea}, plepenratalltitTebitar. truu.e, etekrenlatapreemerna entity bins, 
aedit muds, COMMAS, leaser, photos. correspondence ardor any other documents you loci may subslannato yar n2latirms .1) 
LI Original and copy dead, supportng document that you submitted with yaw application. Otherwise, we may keep your anginas forcer remoras. 
O I you have ever been anested, bring the related Police Report and the original or testified Final Court Disposition for east antst oval lithe chiges have 
been dismissed or expunged. If no court record is available. being a leiter from the court with Misdeed', irritating this. 
n A waned English tiaislation ler each kreign language document. The translator must certify that uhe is fluent in both languages, and that the translaton 
in its entirely is complete and accurate. 
MUST APPEAN FOS Ma lfran
f 
day. If an onagers, such as your min illness or a dose relative's hospitatration prevents warfront appeiling. mill the
Cttzenship 
and Immigration Samosa (USCIS) National Customer Sena* Center at 1-800-3754283 as soon as possible. Please be advised that 
rtschedu ling Hilt slay processing of applicatiortfralioe and may requir spire steps lo be repeated It may also affect your Mightily for other immigration 
benefits white this appliCaliOn is pending. 
if you have questions, please call the USC1S National Customer Service Center at 1400.3754283 (heating impaired TOO service is 1400.767-1833). 
PLEASE COME TO: U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services 
ON: Friday, January 16, 2015 
FEDERAL Fl IVA 
AT: 09:00 AM 
4TH FLOOR ROOM 4-437 
NEW YORK NY 10278 
REPRESENTATIVE COPY 
tfahir i. z,interim cr Moment-1 appoIntmrntrovirc. pime see hr bac' of this notice for Imondnat Informnen. 
Pont. I-797C 07111114 Y 
EFTA00592485
--- PAGE 2 ---
Notice to Applicant: If you have ever been arrested or detained by any law 
enforcement officer for any reason, you must bring the following to your 
adjustment of status interview. 
NOTE 
You do not need to bring any documentation relating to any traffic fines and incidents that were 
not alcohol or drug related and did not involve an actual arrest if the only penalty was a fine of 
less than $500 and/or points on your driver's license. 
You do need to bring documentation if you were involved in any traffic incidents that were 
alcohol or drug related or you were arrested for the incident, or if the penalty resulted in a fine of 
more than $500 and/or points on your driver's license. 
If you have ever been arrested or detained bluany_law enforeemrt officer for any reason and no 
charges were filed, bring: 
• 
An original official statement by the arresting agency or applicable court order 
confirming that no charges were filed. 
If you have ever been arrested or detained by a law enforcement officer for any reason, and 
charges were filed, or if charges were filed against you without an am*, bring: 
• 
An original or court-certified copy of the complete arrest record, and/or disposition for 
each incident (e.g., dicrnissal order, conviction record or acquittpl order). 
If you have ever been convicted or placed in an alternative sentencing grogram or rehabilitative 
program (such as drug treatment or community service program), bring: 
• 
An original or court-certified copy of the sentencing record for each incident, and 
evidence that you completed your sentence, specifically.
o An original or certified copy of your probation or parole record, or 
o Evidence that you completed an alternative sentencing program or rehabilitative 
program. 
— If you have ever.had-anyarrestar convietion.vantyt, se. asidersealod,.e.xpungezt or-otherwise . - 
removed from your record, bring: 
• 
An original or court-certified copy of the court order vacating, setting aside, sealing, 
expunging or otherwise removing the arrest or conviction, or an original statement from 
the court that no record exists of your arrest or conviction. 
EFTA00592486

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592487.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592487.pdf
----------------------------------------
DCPRESS 
EFTA00592487
--- PAGE 2 ---
I 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00592488

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592489.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592489.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
INVOICE 
Generated: Mon. 08 December 2014 10 27 58 
Page 1 of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
AgentDetalls 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket Information for 
Charges 
Anne Name 
Lufthansa 
Ticket Date 
08/12/2014 
Total Charged to American Express 
0.00 
Ticket Number 
7511715452 
Invoice 
1267096 
Electronic 
Yes 
Ticket Base Fare 
4341.00 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
635.10 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
4976.10 
Ticket Exchange 
Original Fare/Ticket Credit - 9458 
(4976.10) 
New Fare/Ticket - 7511715452 
4976.10 
Amount Charge/Credit 
0.00 
The Baggage Rules of Lufthansa apply to this itinerary, and can be accessed by visiting 
I' .<1I' 
vor.com/bacmaae 
Travel Details 
Saturday 17 Jan 15 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF POLAND MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
A VISA IS REQUIRED FOR ENTRY INTO VISA REQUIRED 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF POLAND- PASSPORT MUST BE VALID FOR 6MTHS PAST RETURN 
Page 1 of 3 
Invoice KAJWTS 
ERKAN 
EXPIRE SS 
EFTA00592489
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locato 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Lufthansa 
LH401 
New York. John F Kennedy International 
Frankfurt. Frankfurt International 
03:55 PM 
05:30 AM / 18 Jan 2015 
Terminal 1 
Terminal 1 
Business Class 
5.A 
Travel Details 
Sunday 18 Jan 15 
Flight Information 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 35 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A340-600 
Meal 
Meals 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Lunn ansa 
LH1346 
Frankfurt. Frankfurt International 
Warsaw. Frederic Chopin 
07:25 AM 
09:05 AM 
Terminal 1 
Business Class 
3A 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hr 40 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 737-300 
Meal 
Snack 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY BE SUBJECT 
TO AN INCREASE IN FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise, accommodations, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services including, without limitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its af liates. subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
• Air Transportation Important ailine ticket terms and condtions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit http://myamextravel.com:statictconditions for more information. 
Page 2 of 3 
Invo.ce KAJWTS 
Dc RE55 
EFTA00592490
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. imury. expense cc damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly. from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations, accidents or 
failures of equipment or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public intemet telecommunications lines or facikties. or third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you n finding travel suppliers and maltrig arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppliers to you and reconmendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certan suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncenbves for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supportivg technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppler& and these arrangements. nduding levels and types of compensation and incenbves we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including suppler avalability and your preferences. The relationstips we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located ri California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maxnum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your claim 
and a $35 processeig fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001; Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: wiwricrenfo.org. 
WASHINGTON. If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of travel services or a 
vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtan information relating to your rights under the Recovery 
Fund and the fang of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund. you may contact the Consumer Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at 
the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue. Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104. Phone: 
Fax 
e-mail: 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kietzke Lane. Building B. Suite 113. Reno. Nevada 89502. Phone 
California CST#1022318. Washington UBINS00-469-694. Iowa TA#002. Nevada NV#2001.0126. 
Fax: 
. e-mail: 
Page 3 of 3 
Invoice KAJWTS 
CMS
EXP
EFTA00592491

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592492.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592492.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
INVOICE 
Generated: Thu. 13 November 2014 18:02:01 
Page 1 of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
AgentDetails 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket Information for 
Charges 
Airline Name 
Lufthansa 
Ticket Date 
13/11/2014 
Total Charged to American Express 
(1257.00) 
Ticket Number 
7507289458 
Invoice 
1198877 
Electronic 
Yes 
Ticket Base Fare 
4341.00 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
6.35.10 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
4976.10 
Ticket Exchange 
Original Fare/Ticket Credit • 4352 
(8233.10) 
New Fare/Ticket • 7507289458 
4976.10 
Amount Charge/Credit 
(1257.00) 
The Baggage Rules of Lufthansa apply to this Itinerary, and can be accessed by visiting 
htto://mvamextravel.com/baaoacie 
Travel Details 
Saturday 13 Dec 14 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF POLAND MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
A VISA IS REQUIRED FOR ENTRY INTO VISA IS REQUIRED 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF POLAND- PASSPORTS MUST BE VALID FOR AT LEAST 6 MONTHS BEYOND THE RETURN 
Page 1 of 3 
Invoice KAJWTS 
• ■ 
EFTA00592492
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Lufthansa 
LH401 
New York. John F Kennedy International 
Frankfurt. Frankfurt International 
03:55 PM 
05:30 AM / 14 Dec 2014 
Terminal 1 
Terminal 1 
Z Business Class 
5K 
Travel Details 
Sunday 14 Dec 14 
Flight Information 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 35 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A340-600 
Meal 
Meals 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Lufthansa 
LH1346 
Frankfurt. Frankfurt International 
Warsaw. Frederic Chopin 
07:25 AM 
09:05 AM 
Terminal 1 
Z Business Class 
3A 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hr 40 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 737-300 
Meal 
Snack 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY BE SUBJECT 
TO AN INCREASE IN FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise, accommodations, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services including. without limitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its af liates. subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Neese be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
• Air Transportation Important *line ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit http://myamextravel.comistaticiconditions for more information. 
Page 2 of 3 
Invade KAJWTS 
a 
EFTA00592493
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. imury. expense cc damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly. from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations, accidents or 
failures of equipment or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public intemet telecommunications lines or facikties. or third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you n finding travel suppliers and maltrig arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppliers to you and reconmendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certan suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncenbves for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supportivg technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppler& and these arrangements. nduding levels and types of compensation and incenbves we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including suppler avalability and your preferences. The relationstips we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located ri California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maxnum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your claim 
and a $35 processeig fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001; Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: wiwricrenfo.org. 
WASHINGTON. If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of travel services or a 
vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtan information relating to your rights under the Recovery 
Fund and the fang of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund. you may contact the Consumer Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at 
the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue. Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104. Phone: 
Fax 
e-mail: 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kietzke Lane. Building B. Suite 113. Reno. Nevada 89502. Phone 
California CST#1022318. Washington UBINS00-469-694. Iowa TA#002. Nevada NV#2001.0126. 
Fax: 
. e-mail: 
Page 3 of 3 
Invoice KAJWTS 
CMS
EXP
EFTA00592494

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592495.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 of 3 
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Mon. 19 June 2017 09:13:10 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locato 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Ticket AA 0018631277627-19JUN 
Travel Details 
Wednesday 21 Jun 17 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
er can Airlines 
Flight 
AA 936 
Origin 
New York. 
Destination 
Charlotte Amalie, 
Departing 
09:30 AM 
Sullying 
01:39 PM 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal 8 
Class 
L Economy Class 
Seats 
20F 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Additional Messages 
John F Kennedy International 
Cyril E King Airport 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 9 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 757-200/300 
Meal 
Food For Purchase 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
NIL 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Page 1 of 3 
Itnerary CFIVVL2 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00592495
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property. such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at v.ww a me rica nexpress ccovR 
To book your stay, visit amerkanexpress.corriffhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cat Centurion Travel Seneca for details 
" Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
For more information on benefits and eligibility, please visit: 
• CENTURION FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: centurion.com 
• FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: anyixtraver ("anti& 
• The Hotel Collection: amencanexoress corniimirredit-rarrivbinefitsfiletalfthe-hotel-rrilertinn/ommier-ajO 
• International Arnie Program: isp_amencenfr&P.CesSCOrn
• Cruise Privileges Program: amencanexpress.comkruiseonnledes 
• Platinum Destinations Vacations: amencanexpresscomAss/credit-cardsibenefitskletailioLstinum-deslinabons-vacationsiolatinum 
• Pay will 
'-,CePS5 comnaywitnnamic 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any lodging. tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services include's,. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of American Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries or affiliates (colectively. 'Amex") has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
imposed charges. ncluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-out You may wish to inquire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at vAvvrathanzspm. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
International Travel Documentation and Information: 
Travelers desiring transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining al necessary travel documents and complying with all government travel 
requirements. You must present all exit. entry and other documents recnired by law. Amex shall not be responsible to you for any loss or expense due to your failure to 
comply with such requirements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carriage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws. regulations. orders. 
demands. or requirements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibikty to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your journey. Many 
countries require that your passport be vaid for up to six (6) months from you date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign cowry. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at http :rarels:ate.gpwcontent,passpW1ke^gush;cemtry.h:r.'.I. Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disdains any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on the foregoing 
website. 
Cuba Travel 
By traveling on your itrierary. all travelers are attesting that they are a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident and their travel to Cuba is authorized under the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations. and falls within one of the approved categories. For more information on each of the categories. please see Part 515.560 of the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations at http://vnverecfr.qov. Additional information can be found at hapslimvw.treasurv.qov/resource-centerisanctionsProcrams/Pagestuba.aspx. Travel for 
traditional tourist activities is prohibited, and travelers are expected to maintain a full schedule of activities related to their category of travel. If providing any insteance 
benefits under the American Express policy would violate U.S. economic or trade sanctions, then the policy will be void. 
Air Transportation 
Airlines reserve the right to change your seats at any time due to operational needs/aircraft reconfiguration. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important 
notices apply to air transportation. Please visit Imusi2myatextravel ramstatir;rnrylittoic for more information. 
Airline Notice on Hazardous Materials 
Page 2 of 3 
Itneraly CFIVVL2 
:
VER/CAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00592496
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carnage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oAdizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioacbve materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases, oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles earned n your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further 
information contact your airline representative or visit htipsitwaafea.00yabauvnibatiyesthazmat safety/. 
Liability Statement 
You understand and agree that American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affikates and representatives (collectively 'Amex"). 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shal not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. diectly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of omissions of travel suppers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or failures of 
equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil unrest. 
strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the pubic intemet. telecommunications lines or tedi ies. or third party technology systems. IN any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex 
Intermediary Disclosure 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppbers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itneraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets a other goals, and from tine to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to ow marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addrtico, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From tie to time we may enter into other business relationships with tm:kers and 
these arrangements, including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommendrig dineranes. we 
may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
State-Snecific Dice Insures: 
CALIFORNIA' Upon cancellation of the transportation or travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled n violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier. 
without obtaining a refund and such other provider fails to provide the agreed-upon transportation a service. In this situation. the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establishing the disbursement of the customer payment, and if disbursed to a registered wholesaler d 
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seder of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in Cakfomia at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with the 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when requred. The mai:intro amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed 515,000. A claim must be submitted to the TCRF will*, 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A clan 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the clan and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to warns their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating seller of travel for matters ailing out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRF's websde at v,ww keel nf o.org. 
WASHINGTON' If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contraa between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within Ihrly (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, 
or rf the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser untess the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
• HAWAII: Please visit http://cca.hawatkoov/pWfilesr2013:1361consumer nghts.pdf for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which maintains our travel agency trust account is Bank of Hawaii. Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue. Honolulu. HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account. 
California C61'41022318. Washington USW-60469-694. Iowa TA*669. 
Page 3 of 3 
itinerary CFIVVL2 
AMERICAN 
BCPRESS 
EFTA00592497

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592498.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 185 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/12/2013 Page 1 of 8 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 08-80736-Civ-Marra/Johnson 
JANE DOE #1 and JANE DOE #2 
v. 
UNITED STATES 
JANE DOE #1 AND JANE DOE #2'S SUPPLEMENTAL AUTHORITY IN SUPPORT OF 
MOTION FOR COURT TO DENY THE GOVERNMENT'S MOTION TO DISMISS 
BASED ON EXISTING PLEADINGS OR, AT A MINIMUM, ALLOW LEAVE TO FILE 
A SUR-REPLY 
COME NOW Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 (also referred to as "the victims"), by and 
through undersigned counsel, to file this supplemental authority in support of their Motion for 
the Court to Deny the Government's Motion to Dismiss Based on the Existing Pleadings or, at a 
Minimum, Allow Leave to File a Sur-Reply. As the Court is aware, the victims argued in that 
motion that their existing pleadings provide ample grounds for denying the Government's 
motion to dismiss, as the Government has not proven that this Court stands powerless to craft a 
remedy for deliberate violations of the CVRA. The motion further explained, however, that if 
the Court would like further information on the new issues and new legal authorities the 
Government advances in its 35-page "reply" memorandum, the Court should provide the victims 
with a fair opportunity to file a sur-reply. The victims now file supplemental authorities in 
support of these arguments. 
EFTA00592498
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 185 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/12/2013 Page 2 of 8 
BACKGROUND 
As the Court knows, on November 7, 2011 — more than three years after this case began' 
-- the Government filed a sealed motion to dismiss, alleging essentially that the victims lack 
standing to pursue this case and therefore that the Court somehow does not possess "jurisdiction" 
over the matter. 
For example, the Government argued in its 13-page pleading that the 
Constitution does not allow this Court to set aside even an illegal plea agreement. Mot. to 
Dismiss at 3. Indeed, the Government even argued that the Court could not provide any remedy 
to the victims whatsoever. Id. 
On December 5, 2011, the victims responded with a 25-page pleading addressing the 
Government's arguments.2 The victims provided numerous remedies that they were seeking 
which were within the court's power in this case, including an open-ended request for any 
remedy that might be just and proper. Victims' Resp. to Government's Sealed Mot. to Dismiss 
(DE #127) at 14-15 (listing 19 separate remedies that are possible in this case).; The victims 
also explained that they had already filed extensive case law supporting one particular remedy --
the remedy that illegal plea agreements were unenforceable and could be set aside. Id. at 8-9 
(collecting cases). The victims also observed that the Government appeared to be deliberately 
refusing to respond to these cases and raised a concern that they were about to be "sandbagged": 
And, apparently not coincidentally, the same day that the Government was obligated to 
begin producing discovery to the victims that was ordered by this Court. 
The victims also filed a brief sealed response touching on the sealed aspects of their 
requests for relief. 
Additional remedies are listed in the victims' parallel, sealed pleading responding to 
the Government's motion to dismiss. 
EFTA00592499
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 185 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/12/2013 Page 3 of 8 
As the victims have previously explained, however, ample precedent supports the 
power of this Court to set aside the agreement if it was arrived at illegally. See 
Victim's Motion for Finding of Violation of Rights (DE #48) at 37-39 (collecting 
case law on setting aside illegal plea agreements). The Government studiously 
ignores these arguments in its newly-filed motion to dismiss. 
Should the 
Government attempt to "sandbag" the victims by raising new arguments for the 
first time in its reply brief, the victims would then respectfully seek leave to file a 
sur-reply to these new arguments. 
Victims' Resp. to Government's Sealed Mot. to Dismiss (DE #127) at 8 & n.1. 
Sure enough, the sandbagging the victims feared came to pass. After three extensions (all 
of which the victims consented to), seven weeks later on January 26, 2012 the Government filed 
a 35-page "reply" memorandum. Many of the arguments advanced in the memorandum did not 
in fact reply to anything that the victims had said in their response, but were instead entirely new, 
affirmative arguments by the Government. For example, the Government argued — for the first 
time — that "actions that Petitioners have taken since learning of the Non-Prosecution Agreement 
legally preclude them for seeking rescission of the Non-Prosecution Agreement." Gov't Reply 
in Support of Mot. to Dismiss for Lack of Subject Matter Jurisdiction at 9-12.4 In addition, the 
reply contained eleven pages of detailed discussion of the case law surrounding setting aside plea 
agreements — including the cases that the victims noted were being studiously ignored in the 
Government's opening pleading. See Gov't Reply in Support of Mot. to Dismiss for Lack of 
Subject Matter Jurisdiction at 4-14. The "reply" pleading also raised a host of new issues and 
Of course, this is not a "jurisdictional" argument and thus has nothing to do with the 
other alleged "jurisdictional" arguments raised in the Government's initial pleading. And, of 
course, this argument is a factual argument, for which the Government did not provide any 
proper factual record — much less give the victims an opportunity to provide their own facts on 
the question. 
EFTA00592500
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 185 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/12/2013 Page 4 of 8 
new arguments that the victims had not seen before in the three-and-a-half years that this case 
has been litigated. 
The victims then filed under seal a Motion for Court to Deny the Motion to Dismiss 
Based on Existing Pleadings or, at a Minimum, Allow Leave to File a Sur-Reply. That motion 
explained that the Government was raising frivolous new arguments in support of its motion to 
dismiss. The victims asked that the Government's motion to dismiss be summarily denied or, in 
the alternative, that they be allowed to file a reply brief. The victims also asked that the time for 
filing any sur-reply not begin to run until the Court had granted the victims' motion to unseal the 
Government's pleadings, so that they could consult with other experts on victims' rights 
regarding the pleadings. This victims' motion has now been pending for more than a year. 
Also relevant is the fact that on December 6, 2012, the victims filed a Motion for Prompt 
Ruling Denying the Government's Motion to Stay (DE #179). On March 14, 2013, the victims 
filed a Motion to Compel Production of Court-Ordered Discovery and for a Prompt Ruling on 
the Motion (DE #183). The Government did not respond to this later motion, and thus it 
continues to stand in an unopposed posture. In addition to ignoring the victims' motion to 
compel, more generally the Government has also refused to comply with Court-ordered 
discovery for more than 18 months, even though its motion for a stay of discovery obligations 
has never been granted. 
On March 29, 2013, the Court entered an order granting both of the victims' motions — 
i.e., DE #179 and DE #183 -- "to the extent the Court hopes and intends to resolve these matters 
in the relatively near future." DE #184. 
EFTA00592501
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 185 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/12/2013 Page 5 of 8 
DISCUSSION 
For all the reasons that the victims have previously explained, the Court should 
summarily deny the Government's frivolous and belatedly-raised argument that this Court 
somehow "lacks jurisdiction" over a case that has been before it for nearly five years. As the 
Court is aware, the victims have raised serious, supported, and substantial arguments that the 
Government and a convicted sex offender agreed to a secret non-prosecution agreement and then 
contrived to keep the victims from learning about it — all in violation of the CVRA. If the Court 
simply denies the Government's motion to dismiss, then the case can move forward with 
discovery and a factual record properly developed and available to the public in this case.5
Likewise, for all the reasons the victims have previously explained, in the alternative, the Court 
should deny the Government's motion to dismiss based on the fact that the bulk of the arguments 
for dismissal were raised by the Government for the first time in its reply brief. 
In addition to the authorities that the victims previously filed on this point, the victims 
now proffer supplemental authorities supporting their position. 
The Court should reject all of the new arguments raised by the Government in its reply 
memorandum. This Court has recently explained the proper approach for this Court to take with 
arguments raised for the first time in a reply memorandum is to "reject[] those arguments out of 
The victims would also note that they long ago filed a motion explaining why the 
Government refusal to provide any discovery to them — including information that is highly 
relevant to their motions — violates its obligations under the CVRA, including the Government's 
obligation to treat the victim with fairness. Doc. #50. The victims also argued that the 
Government has "Brady" obligations to crime victims not less than criminal defendants that 
apply regardless of any discovery obligations. Id. This Court has reserved ruling on this motion. 
Doc. #99 at 11. By simply denying the Government's motion to dismiss, the Court could 
continue to reserve ruling on this motion. 
EFTA00592502
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 185 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/12/2013 Page 6 of 8 
hand." Guest v. Carnival Corp., ---F.Supp.2d---, ---, 2012 WL 6879069 at *6 (S.D. Fla. Nov. 7, 
2012) (opinion of Torres, M.J.) (citing Fromm—Vane v. Lawnwood Med. Ctr., Inc., 995 F.Supp. 
1471, 1475 (S.D.Fla.1997)). 
Supplemental authority from this Court in the last few months 
confirms that "Wudges in this district have repeatedly rejected attempts by parties to raise new 
arguments in reply memoranda. See, e.g., Flamenbaum v. Orient Lines, Inc., No. 03-22549-Civ, 
2004 WL 1773207, at *14 (S.D.Fla. July 20, 2004); Plante v. USF & G Speciality Ins. Co., No. 
03-23517-Civ, 2004 WL 741382, at *5 n. 3 (S.D. Fla. 2004); Martinez v. Weyerhaeuser 
Mortgage Co., 959 F.Supp. 1511, 1515-16 (S.D.Fla.1996)." Felicia v. Celebrity Cruises, Inc., 
2012 WL 6869829 at *2 (S.D. Fla. Nov. 30, 2012) (opinion of Snow, M.J.). Quite recent 
authority from the Eleventh Circuit also confirms that a party who fails to address an issue in an 
opening brief has "abandoned" it. Topping v. U.S. Dept of Education, 2013 WL 656786 at *2 
(11th Cir. Feb. 22, 2013) (citing Timson v. Sampson, 518 F.3d 870, 874 (11th Cir.2008)). 
As the Court is aware, this case presents important issues about whether crime victims 
whose CVRA rights have been deliberately violated will be able to obtain an effective remedy. 
The straightforward way for the Court to proceed is to deny the Government's motion to dismiss 
and allow the victims limited discovery to develop the fact surrounding this case. These 
supplemental authorities support that conclusion. 
CONCLUSION 
In light of these supplemental authorities, the Court should simply deny the 
Government's pending motion to dismiss. 
EFTA00592503
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 185 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/12/2013 Page 7 of 8 
DATED: June 12, 2013 
Respectfully Submitted, 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, M. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone 
Facsimile 
Florida B 
E-mail: 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone 
Facsimile: 
E-Mail: 
Attorneys for Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 
EFTA00592504
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 185 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/12/2013 Page 8 of 8 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
The foregoing document was served on June 12, on the following using the Court's 
CM/ECF system: 
Dexter Lee 
A. Marie Villafafia 
Assistant U.S. Attorneys 
500 S. Australian Ave., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
(561) 820-8711 
Fax: (561) 820-8777 
E-mail: Dexter.Lee@usdoj.gov 
E-mail: ann.marie.c.villafana@usdoj.gov 
Attorneys for the Government 
Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr. 
Fowler White Burnett PA 
777 S. Hagler Drive, West Tower, Suite 901 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Criminal Defense Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
(courtesy copy of pleading via U.S. mail) 
EFTA00592505

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592506.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592506.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN 
THE 
CIRCUIT 
COURT OF 
THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT 
ROTHSTEIN, 
individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
EL, individually, 
Defendant. 
MEMORANDUM IN SUPPORT OF BRADLEY J. EDWARDS' 
MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 
Bradley Edwards has moved for protection against the discovery of personal financial 
information sought by Jeffrey Epstein in discovery. Epstein supports his broad ranging requests 
on the grounds that the information sought is reasonably calculated to lead to admissible 
evidence regarding the economic loss Mr. Edwards claims to have suffered as a consequence of 
the tortious conduct to which Epstein subjected him. To justify his attempted broad intrusion into 
Mr. Edwards' economic privacy, the economic privacy of Mr. Edwards' law firm, and the 
economic privacy of Mr. Edwards' clients, Epstein misrepresents, mischaracterizes, or simply 
fails 
to 
understand 
the 
nature 
of 
the 
losses 
Mr. 
Edwards 
is 
claiming. 
EFTA00592506

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592507.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592507.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
NOVODE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 MrC 08-03-69 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
Toll Free) 
When Overseas Ca Collect 
Agent ID. VE 
INVOICE 
Travel Arrangements for: 
Generated: May 31. 2013 02.45 PM 
Page 1 of 3 
CHARGES 
TICKET INFORMATION: SIKORSKAIPOLINA 
Total charged to American Express 
793.40 
Airline Name: 
AIR FRANCE 
Ticket Date: 
5:3112013 
Ticket Base Fare: 
597.00 
Ticket Number: 
7232334565 
Invoice: 
6578804 
Gov't Taxes/Aidine Imposed Fees: 
196.40 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
793.40 
Travel Details: 
Monday June 10, 2013 
CITIZENS OF UKRAINE MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AIR FRANCE 
Airline Record Locator 
Y7ZOMI 
Flight: 
1837 
Equipment 
73n 
OPERATED BY UKRAINE INTL AIRL 
Departure: 
6:40 am 
Kiev Borispol. UKRAINE 
Estimated Time: 
3HR 30 MIN 
Arrival: 
9:10 am 
Paris De Gaulle. FRANCE 
Distance: 
1,268 Mies 
Meal: 
Breakfast 
Departure Terminal: 
TERMINAL D - INTERNATIONAL 
Arrival Termial: 
AEROGARE 2 TERMINAL D 
Seat 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Economy 
Travel Details: 
Friday June 14, 2013 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AIR FRANCE 
Airline Record Locator 
Y7ZOMI 
Flight: 
1252 
Equipment 
Airbus A319 
Departure: 
12:45 pm 
Pans De Gaulle. FRANCE 
Estimated Time: 
3HR 5 MIN 
Arrival: 
4:50 pm 
Kiev Borispol. UKRAINE 
Distance: 
1.268 Mies 
Meal: 
Meal service 
Departure Terminal: 
AEROGARE 2 TERMINAL E 
Arrival Termial: 
TERMINAL D - INTERNATIONAL 
Seat 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Economy 
Additional Information: 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
-------------------
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
EFTA00592507
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
THE AMOUNT OF GOVERNMENT TAXES/AIRLINE-IMPOSED FEES SET FORTH ON THIS 
INVOICE MAY INCLUDE AIRLINE-IMPOSED FUEL SURCHARGES: CUSTOMERS CAN 
CONTACT THEIR TRAVEL COUNSELOR(S) FOR AN ITEMIZED BREAKDOWN OF THIS 
AMOUNT. 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels & 
Resorts program - an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check-in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Four Seasons Hotel George V 
avenue George V 
Paris. 75008. France 
Hotel Fouquet's Barriere 
Avenue George V 
Paris. 75008. France 
Le Royal Monceau Raffles Paris 
Avenue Hoche 
PARIS. 75008. France 
Park Hyatt Paris-Vendome 
rue de la Paix 
Paris. 75002. France 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00592508
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise, accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including, without limitation, all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. ncluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public interne!, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: •. 
Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 949774001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA:
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 702.486.7355 Fax' 702 486 7371, e-mai: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 775.688.1800, Fax: 775.688.1803, e-mall: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
Califomia CST#1022318.10, Rhode Island Mi_41192. Washington UBl#600.469-694, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00592509

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592510.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592510.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 PAM 08-0349 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
Toll Free) 
When Overseas Ca Collect 
Agent ID. GB 
ITINERARY 
Generated: May 30. 2013 03.41 PM 
Page 1 of 3 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing 
authorization is received. Please contact your travel office by 11:59 PM on June 02,or this entire reservation 
will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details: 
Monday June 3, 2013 
CITIZENS OF ROMANIA MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
CITIZENS OF ROMANIA- VISA REQUIRED EXCEPT FOR HOLDERS OF 1-512 FORM 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AMERICAN AIRLINES 
Flight: 
655 
Departure: 
7:50 am 
New York JFK. NY 
Arrival: 
11:55 am 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Departure Terminal: 
TERMINAL 8 
Seat 
35A 
Class: 
Economy 
Travel Details: 
Monday June 10, 2013 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AMERICAN AIRLINES 
Airline Record Locator 
HHOUDH 
Flight: 
404 
Equipment 
Boeing 757 
Departure: 
1:00 pm 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Estimated Time: 
HR 25 MIN 
Arrival: 
5:25 pm 
New York JFK. NY 
Distance: 
1.623 Mies 
Meal: 
Food for purchase 
Arrival Termcial: 
TERMINAL 8 
Seat 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Economy 
SEATING AVPJALBLE AT AIRPORT CHECK IN ONLY 
Airline Record Locator 
HHOUDH 
Equipment 
Boeing 757 
Estimated Time: 
HR 5 MIN 
Distance: 
1.623 Mies 
Meal: 
Food for purchase 
Additional Information: 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-------------------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
Mil -neat 
tat
ionat 
EFTA00592510
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels 8 
Resorts program - an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check-in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out: and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Caneel Bay. A Rosewood Resort 
North Shore Road 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
The Ritz-Carlton St. Thomas 
6900 Great Bay 
St Thomas, 00802, Virgin Islands US 
The Westin St. John Resort 8 Villas 
300a Chocolate Hole 
Great Cruz Bay 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00592511
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise, accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including, without limitation, all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. ncluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public interne!, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: •. 
Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 949774001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA:
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 702.486.7355 Fax' 702 486 7371, e-mai: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 775.688.1800, Fax: 775.688.1803, e-mall: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
Califomia CST#1022318.10, Rhode Island Mi_41192. Washington UBl#600.469-694, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00592512

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592513.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592513.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUMMARY OF OUTSTANDING BALANCES 
Dates 
Outstanding Amounts 
Description 
4/10/06 - 10/15/08 
$4,273,011.29 
Loan Payable by NYSG to JEE, 
representing outstanding 
balance of transfers during 
the period of 4/2006 through 
10/2008 by JEE to NYSG to 
fund NYSG's Operations 
11/6/2007 
$3,458,416.55 
FTC transfer to DKI Attorney 
Trust Account used to pay off 
non-recourse promissory note 
of DKI in favor of The Wexner 
Children's Trust II, Reflected 
on FTC's books as a Loan 
Payable from DKI. 
1/19/05 - 12/4/07 
$1,135,000 
Balance of NYSG Officer's 
Loan account indicating a loan 
payable by DKI to NYSG (See 
Timeline on next page for 
description of transfers and 
account adjustments creating 
the $1,135,000 balance of this 
loan payable) 
6/18/03 
$1,047,000 
Transfer from JEE to DKI 
Trust Account for KCAC, LLC, 
and booked as JEE investment 
in KCAC. On K-1 for 2011 JEE 
capital account shown as 
$1,047,000; Michelle Saipher 
capital account shown as 
$763,000 
1/27/03 
3/6/03 
$698,000 based on the 
following: 
$100,000 
$598,000 
As per Alan Dlugash treat as 
loan payable by DKI to JEE 
Transfer from JEE to the Trust 
Account of Seller's counsel as 
1st Deposit in connection with 
purchase of DKI Home 
Transfer from JEE to DKI Atty 
Trust Account to Pay 2nd 
Deposit in connection with 
purchase of DKI home 
EFTA00592513
--- PAGE 2 ---
TIMELINE OF TRANSFERS 
1/27/03 
$100,000 
Transfer 
from 
JEE 
to 
Counsel 
for 
Seller, 
representing 1st Deposit 
on purchase of 
DKI's 
home. 
As 
per Alan 
Dlugash, should be loan to 
DKI. 
Also reflected on 
books as a loan to 
DKI 
3/6/03 
$598,000 
Transfer from JEE to DKI 
Attorney Trust Account 
for KCAC, representing 2nd 
Deposit on Purchase of 
DKI's home. Reflected as a 
loan to DKI on 
books, 
which 
is 
how 
Alan 
Dlugash advises it should 
be treated. 
The full 
$698,000, plus additional 
contributions made 
by 
Michelle are reflected as 
capital 
contributed 
by 
Michelle to KCAC. 
6/18/03 
$1,047,000 
Transfer from JEE to DKI 
Attorney Trust Account 
for 
KCAC, 
reflecting 
payment of purchase price 
balance 
(not 
including 
additions which Michelle 
paid for). Booked as JEE 
investment in KCAC. K-1s 
for KCAC currently show 
JEE capital account at 
$1,047,000 and Michelle's 
capital 
account 
at 
$763,000. 
12/19/03 - 11/18/04 
$990,000 
Several Transfers to NYSG 
from DKI 
reflected on 
NYSG's 
books 
as 
a 
$990,000 
balance 
of 
officer's 
loans 
then 
EFTA00592514
--- PAGE 3 ---
payable by NYSG to DKI 
12/29/04 
$1,100,000 
Transfer from JEE to DKI 
Attorney Trust Account, 
reflected in 
books as 
a loan payable by DKI to 
JEE. No records of what 
this payment was for. 
1/19/05 
$1,100,000 
Transfer from NYSG to 
DKI 
Attorney 
Trust 
Account, 
reflected 
on 
NYSG's 
Officer's 
Loan 
account as reducing the 
$990,000 
loan 
balance 
payable to 
DKI 
to a 
$110,000 loan receivable 
from DKI. This Transfer 
shows up on 1/20/05 on 
the transaction report for 
DKI 
Attorney 
Trust 
Account as being a loan 
from 
JEE, but is not 
reflected on 
DKI 
Loan account 
Since a 
payment to you in the 
same amount was made a 
week later on 1/28/05, it 
appears 
that 
it 
was 
transferred from NYSG to 
be used to repay your loan 
account 
for 
the 
$1,100,000 
loan 
transferred to the DKI 
Attorney Trust Account in 
December 2004. 
1/28/05 
$1,100,000 
Check from DKI Attorney 
Trust Account 
to 
JEE 
indicated on the memo 
section of check as Loan 
Repayment Reflected as 
loan repayment on 
DKI Loan Account 
9/12/05 
$75,000 
Payment from NYSG to 
NYS 
Estimated 
Income 
Tax (tax payment for DKI). 
EFTA00592515
--- PAGE 4 ---
Created 
a 
-$75,000 
balance 
on 
NYSG's 
Member's Equity account 
12/31/2005 
$1,078,000 
Check from DKI Attorney 
Trust 
Account. 
Transaction report for DKI 
Attorney Trust Account 
shows this as a check to 
Merrill Lynch, but our 
office can find no records 
of what that check was for. 
Alan Dlugash thinks this 
could be used to explain 
or reduce loans payable 
by NYSG to You or loans 
payable by me to NYSG. 
1/31/06 
$250,000 
Transfer from NYSG to 
DKI. 
Decreased NYSG's 
Member's Equity account 
balance to -$325,000. 
4/11/06 
$250,000 
Transfer from NYSG to 
DKI. 
Decreased NYSG's 
Member's Equity account 
balance to -$575,000 
5/24/06 
$200,000 
Transfer from NYSG to 
DKI. 
Decreased NYSG's 
Member's Equity account 
balance to -$775,000 
10/20/06 
$100,000 
Transfer from NYSG to 
DKI. 
Decreased NYSG's 
Member's Equity account 
balance to -$875,000 
12/31/06 
$875,000 
Adjustment 
to 
NYSG's 
Member's Equity account 
to increase the balance to 
$0 and adjustment to 
NYSG's 
Officer's 
Loan 
account 
to 
increase 
NYSG's loan receivable 
from DKI to $985,000. 
12/4/2007 
$150,000 
Transfer from NYSG to 
DKI, increasing NYSG's 
loan receivable from DKI 
to 
$1,135,000. 
Not 
reflected on NYSG's tax 
EFTA00592516
--- PAGE 5 ---
return as a distribution, 
but 
DKI's 
accountant 
reflected this as other 
Schedule C income on 
DKI's tax return for 2007. 
11/6/07 
$3,458,416.55 
Transfer from FTC to DKI 
Attorney Trust Account 
and transfer from DKI 
Attorney Trust Account to 
Account of The Wexner 
Children's 
Trust 
II, 
representing 
repayment 
in full of non-recourse 
promissory note by DKI in 
favor of The 
Wexner 
Children's Trust II. Funds 
from that promissory note 
were loaned on a non-
recourse basis by The 
Wexner Children's Trust II 
to DKI and were used by 
DKI 
to 
purchase 
the 
majority NYSG interest 
from Jeff Schantz US 
owned 
approximately 
98% and I owned only 
approximately 2%) 
EFTA00592517

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592518.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592518.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mr. Jeffrey EPSTEIN 
East 71 Street 
NEW YORK 
NY 10001 
RE: 9 East 71 Street 
STATEMENT DATED OF 29/05/2017 
TRAVEWNG EXPENSES AND SHIPPING 
SUMMERS 
DESCRIPTION 
TTCIEUROS) 
AIR France 
Mr Huguen 's travel 
0/03/2016 - Paris/ NYC/ Parb 
0022,91E 
AIR France 
Mr Dufour's travel 
0/03/2016 - Paris/ NYC / Parkt 
022,91 E 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
0/03/2016 to 01/00/2016 
400,13 E 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Dufour 's hotel 
0/03/2016 to 01/04/2016 
090,01 E 
IA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen and Mr Vilette's travels 
8/09/2016 - Paris/ NYC / Patis 
6793,40E 
LE PARKER MERIDIEN 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
8/09/2016 to 20/09/2016 
960,86 E 
LE PARKER MERIDIEN 
Mr Vilette 's hotel 
8/09/2016 to 20/09/2016 
956,65 E 
IA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen and Mr Vilette's travels (Extra cost) 
0/11/2016 - Paris / NYC / Parks 
600,00E 
IA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen and Mr Vilette's travels 
4/12/2016 - Paris / NYC / Paris 
3397,60E 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
4/12/2016 to 16/12/2016 
2069,77E 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Vilette's hotel 
4/12/2016 to 16/12/2016 
785,01 E 
SIMON JONES 
Shipping for the collection, export packing and road transportation I atristies - Lot 496 
695,88E 
PHELIPPEAU 
PkeliPPeau's staff travels 
March to April 2017 
12460,00E 
IA COMPAGNIE 
Mr Huguen 's travel 
0/04/2017 to 13/04/2017 
299,19 E 
THE MARK Hotel 
Mr Huguen 's hotel 
0/04/2017 to 13/04/2017 
072,15 E 
IR 
Pickup In Pads, handling and crating in the warehouse custom expo formaities and delivery to Roissy 
924,65 E 
IR 
Pickup In Parb, handling and crating in the warehouse custom expo formaities and delivery to Roissy 
2465,00E 
TOTAL (EVROS) 
216,12 E 
Invoices to he paid : 27 916.87 f' 
EFTA00592518

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592519.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592519.pdf
----------------------------------------
Z! 
3' 
;Cy
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
290 Broadway 
New York, N.Y. 10007-1867 
S:'/IALL BUSINESS/SELF-EMPLOYED DIVISION 
Date: March 31, 2016 
Estate & Gift Tax Attorney - Lawrence Falk 
Badge # - 13; 
Teleph 
Fax # 
e-mail -I 
Leon D. Black 
760 Park Avenue 
New York, N.Y. 10021 
Gift Tax Return — 2013 Tax Period 
Donor - Leon D. Black 
Dear Mr. Black, 
The 2013 gift tax return has been selected for examination. If you would prefer to be 
represented by an attorney or accountant, please have the enclosed power of 
attorney form completed and forwarded to the address listed above. Please provide 
the following items and information: 
1) Schedule A, Part 3, #7 — The gift amount related to the economic benefit of 
split dollar life insurance of the Leon D. Black 1999 Life Insurance Trust #1, 
was listed at $91,380. Please provide a detailed account as to how this amount 
was arrived at; and 
2) Schedule A, Part 3, #8— The gift amount related to the economic benefit of 
split dollar life insurance of the Leon D. Black 1999 Life Insurance Trust #2, 
was listed at $19,879 . Please provide a detailed account as to how this 
amount was arrived at; and 
3) Schedule A, Part 3, #9 — The Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC, appraisal, on 
page 64, analyzed the lack of control discount regarding the transfer of the 
donor's 37.75% Limited Partnership Interest in Black Family Partners, L.P. The 
appraisal cited iviergerstat Review 2013 and stated that the control premiums in 
Mergerstat corresponded to a discount for lack of control of 27%. The appraisal 
then cited Mergerstat's Third Quarter 2013 Control Premium Study and stated 
that the control premiums corresponded to lack of control discounts of between 
25% and 32.4%. The appraisal also cited Closed End Investment Funds and 
stated the average discounts to be 11.3%. Based on the above, it appears that 
the minority/lack of control discount would be between 11.3% and 32.4%. 
Regarding an appropriate marketability discount, the appraisal, on page 70 
EFTA00592519
--- PAGE 2 ---
stated that as a result of its analysis of restricted stock studies, a reasonable 
restricted stock equivalent discount for Black Family Partners, LP, would be 
13.9%. The appraisal then applied a range of private equity discount 
increments to the selected restricted stock equivalent discount of 13.9% and 
concluded that a reasonable discount for lack of marketability would range from 
21% to 27% with a mid-point of 24%. However, the appraisal, on page 70, 
concluded that the combined minority/marketability discount should be a total of 
15%. Please have Empire provide a detailed explanation as to how a total 15% 
discount was arrived at as their appraisal leads to the conclusion that a much 
higher total discount was warranted; and 
4) Schedule A, Part 3, #10 — The Empire Valuation Consultants, LLC, appraisal, 
on page 64, analyzed the lack of control discount regarding the transfer of the 
donors 34.53% Limited Partnership Interest in Black Family Partners, L.P. The 
appraisal cited Mergerstat Review 2013 and stated that the control premiums in 
Mergerstat corresponded to a discount for lack of control of 27%. The appraisal 
then cited Mergerstat's Third Quarter 2013 Control Premium Study and stated 
that the control premiums corresponded to lack of control discounts of between 
25% and 32.4%. The appraisal also cited Closed End Investment Funds and 
stated that the average discounts to be 11.5%. Based on the above, it appears 
that the minority/lack of control discount would be between 11.5% and 32.4%. 
Regarding an appropriate marketability discount, the appraisal, on page 70 
stated that as a result of its analysis of restricted stock studies a reasonable 
restricted stock equivalent discount for Black Family Partners, LP, would be 
13.9%. The appraisal then applied a range of private equity discounts 
increments to the selected restricted stock equivalent discount of 13.9% and 
concluded that a reasonable discount for lack of marketability would range from 
21% to 27% with a mid-point of 24%. However, the appraisal, on page 70, 
concluded that the combined minority/marketability discount should be a total of 
15%. Please have Empire provide a detailed explanation as to how a total 15% 
discount was arrived at as their appraisal leads to the conclusion that a much 
higher total discount was warranted; and 
5) Please provide documentation for the above GRATS that payment was made 
for each of the two years. If payment was made in closely held stock, please 
provide a copy of the appraisal(s) at the distribution date(s). 
Please forward the items and information requested above by May 12, 2016. 
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions regarding this 
matter. 
Enclosures: 
Publication 1 and Notice 609 
Form 2848 — Power of Attorney Form 
Lawrence Falk 
Estate & GM Tax Attorney 
EFTA00592520
--- PAGE 3 ---
Fort 2048 
Acv 
2015) 
Power of Attorney 
and Detlwation of Representative? 
OMB No. 1545-0150 
For IRS Un On 
Lnaparnscul the Treasury 
mine Severn Senn 
> Information about Form 2848 and its Instructions Is at trenviagov/form2848. 
Name 
Part I 
Pow 
of Attorney 
Isephaw 
Caution: A separate Form 2848 must be completed for each taxpayer. Form 2848 will not be honored 
Function 
for any purpose other than representation before the IRS. 
Data 
/ 
/ 
Taxpayer Information. Taxpayer must sign arid date this form on page 2, line 7. 
Taxpayer name and address 
Taxpayer Identification number(s) 
BLac%, Leon D 
056-38-1069 
Daytime telephone number —1 Plan nurrber for applicable) 
hereby appoints the following representative(s) as attorney(s)4n-fact 
Represeritetne(s) must sign and date this form on page 2. Part II. 
Nainf and address 
Chem': if to be sent copies of notices and communications 
CAF No.  
rnti 
Telephone No. 
Fax No.  
Check If new: Address O W
Telephone NO 0 
Fax No. O 
Narni and address 
CAF No.  
PTIN 
Fax No. 
Cheei if to be seat copies of notices and communications r 
Check if newt Addren 
Telephone No. ■ 
Fax No. ■ 
Nank and address 
CAF No. 
Pull 
Telephone No. 
Fax No.  
Note: IRS sends notices and corrrnu mations to only twoapresentatives 
Check if new: Address O 
T 
No. 
Fax No. ■ 
Name and address 
CAF No.  
P71N 
Telephone No. 
Fax No.  
(Note: IRS sands notices and communications to • 
two 
esentatives 
Check new: Address O 
NO. ff
Fax No. ■ 
to rep resent the taxpayer before the Internal Revenue Service and perform the following acts: 
Acts authorized you we required to comp** this hie 3). WM the exception of the acts described in Ina 5b. I authorize my representertive(s) to receive and 
inspect my confidential tax ir4ormation and to perfcrm acts that I can perbrm with respect lo the tax matters described belay. Fa example. my representave(s) 
shall have the authority to sir sew agnomen* cosents, a Ann documents Nee Inebustkins tor Ss 5a for authorizing a representative to sign a iron. 
Desc bat of Mater acome. Employment, Par* Excise. Estate. Celt. Whisesbbvila 
Pr otiose Dscupline. RA, FCUL Ovi Peron Sec. 5000A Sawed Respnbily 
Parer,. Sec 498G1 Shared ReePoraibily Parent, ax.) (see nstructionel 
Tax Form Number 
(1040, 941, 720, etc.) (If npreirabie) 
Yearis) or Period* (if applicable) 
(see instructions) 
Specific use not recorded on Centralized Authorization 
(CAF). If the power of attorney is for a specific use not recorded on CAF, 
check this box. See the instructions for Unit 4. Specific Use Not Recorded on CM  
•• O 
irmi 
Additional sets authottted ii  addition to the acts lend or tine 3 above, l authorize my rephessntative(S) to perform the following acts (see 
Inettuctons for line Sa for more information): 
O Authaica cesciosure to thrd panes; 
O Substitute or ada representative(s): O Sign a return; 
O Other acts authorized: 
For Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see the instructions. 
Oat. No. 1195W 
Form 2848 (tiov 12.2015) 
EFTA00592521
--- PAGE 4 ---
Form NUS (Rev. 12-2015) 
Page 2 
b Specific acts not authorized. My representative(s) is (are) not authorized to endorse a otherwise negotiate any check (including directing or 
accepting payment by arty means. electronic or othenvise. Into an account owned or controlled by the representatives) or any film or caner 
entity with whom the representative(s) is (are) associated) issued by the government in respect of a federal tax liability. 
list any other specific deletions to the acts otherwise authorized n this power of attorney (see instructions for Ire 5b): 
FtetentlorthrovocatIon of prior power(s) of attorney. The fling of this power of attorney automatically revokes all earlier power(s) of 
attorney on file with the Internal Revenue Service for the same matters and years or periods covered by this document. If you do not want 
to revoke a prior power of attorney, check here  
 > 
K 
YOU MUST ATTACH A COPY OF ANY POWER OF ATTORNEY YOU WANT TO REMAIN IN EFFECT. 
Signature of taxpayer. Mates motto concern a year In Mich a pint ream was fled, each spouse must file a separate power of attorney even 
it they are apporMIng the some representallve(s). lf signed by a corporate officer. partner, guardian, tax matters partner, executor. recover, 
admi inflator, or trustee on behalf of the taxpayer. I artily that I have the legal authority to execute this foal on behalf of the taxpayer. 
C> IF NOT COMPLETED, SIGNED, AND DATED, THE IRS WILL RETURN THIS POWER OF ATTORNEY TO THE TAXPAYCR. 
•••••••••• 
Signature
Dote 
Title (if applicable) 
PrInt Hume 
Pent nand tax Byer from Ino 1 M other then lixividual 
ma Declaration of Representative 
Order penalties of perjury, by my signature below I declare that: 
• I am not currentfy suspended or disbarred from practice, a ineigible for practice. before the Internal Revenue Service: 
craft subject to regulations contained in Circular 230 (31 CFR Subtitle A. Part 10), as amended. governing practice before the Internal Revenue Service: 
• I an authorized to represent the taxpayer identified in Part I for the matters) specified there: and 
elan, one of the following: 
a Attorney—a member in good standing of the bar of the highest court of the jurisdiction shown below. 
b Certified Public Accountant —ecensed to practice as a certified pubic accountant is active in the jurisdiction shown below. 
c Enrolled Agent —enrolled as an agent by the Internal Revenue Service per the requirements of Circular 230. 
d Officer —a bona fide officer of the taxpayer organization. 
e tut-Time Employee—a tuff-time employee of the taxpayer. 
f Family Member—a member of the taxpayers immediate family (spouse. parent. child, grandparent. grandched, stepparent, step-child, brother, or sister). 
g Emoted Actuary—enrolled as an actuary by the Joint Board for the Enrollment of Actuaries under 29 U.S.C. 1242 (the authority to practice before 
tin Interns Revenue Service is tinned by section 10.3(of) of Circular 230). 
h Unenroaed Return Preparer —Authority to practice before the IRS Is limited. An unenrolled return preparer may represent, provided the preparer (1) 
prepared and signed the return or claim for refund (or prepared if there is no signature space on the form}; (2) was eligible to sign the return or
(kern to refund; (3) has a valid PTIfil: and (4) possesses the required Annual Filing Season Program Record of Cornplefion(s). See Special Rules 
Lrid Requirements for Unweaned Return Preparers in the instructions for additional information. 
It Student Attorney a CPA—receives permission to represent taxpayers before the IRS by virtue of his/her status as a law. business. or accounting 
student working in an UTC or STCP. See instructions for Part II for additional Information and reckirements, 
 Enrolled Retirement Flan Agent—enrolled as a retirement plan agent under the requirements of Circular 230 (the authority to practice before the 
Internal Revenue Service is limited by section 10.3(e)). 
tir 
ta -A.AnAnom OF REPAESENTATIVE iS NOT COMPLETED, SIGNED, AND DATED, THE IRS WILL RETURE 
POWER OF ATTORNEY. REPRESENTATIVES MUST SIGN IN THE ORDER LISTED IN PART I, LINE 2. 
:hats. For designations d-f, enter your title, position, or relationship to the taxpayer in the *Licensing jurisdiction' column. 
Dort ignation— 
km ern above 
%Ter (a4). 
Licensing MiredictIon 
(Stat"
othir
kcensing sulhonly 
(if applicable). 
Bar, scene. cereal:aeon, 
registration, a enrollment 
number p implcable). 
Signature 
Date 
EFTA00592522

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592523.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592523.pdf
----------------------------------------
PROMISSORY NOTE 
$28,500,000.00 
March 27, 2017 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Plan D LLC, a U.S. Virgin Islands 
limited liability company (the "Maker"), hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the 
order of Leon Black, with an address at do Elysium Management LLC, 445 Park 
Avenue, Suite 1401, New York, NY 10022 (the "Holder"), the principal amount of 
Twenty Eight Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($28,500,000.00) Dollars, 
together with interest on the unpaid principal balance at the rate of One and one 
hundredths percent (1.01%) per annum (the "Interest Rate"), payable as hereinafter 
provided: 
The unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all accrued interest thereon, shall 
be due and payable by no later than 5:00 PM Eastern Standard Time on March 26, 2018. 
The unpaid principal balance of this Note and all accrued interest thereon may be 
prepaid, in full or in part, at any time or from time to time without premium or penalty. 
All payments of principal and interest hereunder shall be made in lawful money 
of the United States, in immediately available funds at do Elysium Management LLC, 
445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401, New York, NY 10022 (or at such other place as the 
Holder may designate in writing to the Maker). 
1. Events of Default. 
(a) 
If any of the following events shall occur during the term hereof, such 
events shall be deemed a default by the Maker hereunder (each an "Event of Default"): 
(i) 
The Maker shall have defaulted in the payment of principal or 
interest under this Note as and when the same shall have become due and payable in 
accordance with the terms hereof; or 
(ii) 
There shall have been entered any order, judgment or decree by a 
court of competent jurisdiction for relief in respect of the Maker under any applicable 
Federal or state bankruptcy law or similar law, or appointing a receiver, assignee or 
trustee of all or a substantial part of the Maker's property, assets or revenues; or 
(iii) 
The filing by the Maker of a petition or consent to a petition 
seeking relief under Title 11 of the United States Code, as now or hereafter constituted, 
or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or the 
consent by the Maker to the institution of proceedings thereunder or to the filing of any 
such petition or to the appointment or taking of possession by a receiver, liquidator, 
assignee, trustee or custodian, of any substantial part of the property, assets or revenues 
of the Maker, or the making by the Maker of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or 
the inability of the Maker to pay its debts as they become due and payable; or 
EFTA00592523
--- PAGE 2 ---
(iv) 
The earliest to occur of the cessation of activities in the ordinary 
course, the winding down and dissolution of the Maker. 
(b) 
In the case of an Event of Default, without any demand, presentment, 
protest or other notice whatsoever to the Maker, or other statutory or other rights of 
redemption, or any other action by the Holder, all of which are hereby expressly waived 
by the Maker, the unpaid principal amount hereof and all accrued interest shall become 
due and payable in full upon the occurrence of any such event and the Holder may 
exercise simultaneously or seriatim any or all of such other rights and remedies as may be 
lawfully permitted under Federal law or state law and any and all of the remedies of the 
Holder set forth herein. 
(c) 
All payments made hereunder shall first be applied to accrued interest and 
then to principal. 
2. 
Loss, Etc. of Note. 
Upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Maker of the loss, theft, 
destruction or mutilation of this Note, and of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the 
Maker, if lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated, the Maker shall execute and deliver to the 
Holder a new note identical in all respects to this Note. 
3. 
Collection Costs. 
In the event that it becomes necessary to enforce the provisions of this Note 
against the Maker in order to collect any amounts due hereunder, all costs, fees and 
expenses of such enforcement, including, without limitation, all attorneys fees and 
disbursements and all fees and disbursements of other professionals relating to the 
enforcement of any obligations under this Note, when incurred shall be deemed to be 
additions to principal and shall become immediately due and payable hereunder. 
4. 
Non-Waiver. 
The Maker hereby expressly waives presentment for payment, demand for 
payment, notice of dishonor, protest, notice of protest, notice of non-payment, and all 
lack of diligence or delays in collection or enforcement of this Note. The Holder may 
extend the time of payment of this Note, postpone the enforcement hereof, release any 
collateral securing this Note, or grant any other indulgences whatsoever without affecting 
or diminishing the Holder's rights under this Note, which rights are hereby expressly 
reserved. Any waiver of any provision hereof must be in writing. No failure on the part 
of the Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or privilege under 
this Note shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any 
right, power or privilege under this Note preclude any other or further exercise thereof or 
EFTA00592524
--- PAGE 3 ---
the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The remedies herein provided are 
cumulative and not exclusive of any and all other remedies provided by law. 
5. 
Succesors and Assigns. 
This Note is binding upon the Maker and its successors and assigns; provided, 
however, that the Maker shall not be entitled to assign or delegate any rights or 
obligations under this Note without the prior written consent of the Holder. 
6. 
Amendment and Modification. 
This Note may be amended, modified or supplemented only by written agreement 
signed by the Holder and the Maker. 
7. 
Notices.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered by 
personal delivery, reputable overnight courier service, certified mail (postage pre paid, 
return receipt requested), by email or by telecopy, as follows: 
If to the Maker: 
Leon Black 
do Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue, Suite 1401 
New York, NY 10022 
Fax: 
Email: 
If to the Holder: 
Plan D, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Fax: (340) 775-2528 
Email: dkicsq' 
Any party hereto may change the address to which notices, requests, demands and 
other communications to such party shall be given hereunder by giving notice thereof to 
the other party hereto in the manner herein provided. Notices shall be deemed given at 
the time they are delivered personally; if by overnight courier, the next business day 
following the delivery thereof to such courier (or such later date as is demonstrated by a 
bona fide receipt therefor); if given by certified mail (postage pre-paid, return receipt 
'T ested), three days after deposit in the mail; or if given by email or facsimile prior to 6 
. on a business day, on the business day on which the email or facsimile transmission 
is transmitted (receipt confirmed). 
EFTA00592525
--- PAGE 4 ---
8. 
Governing Law. 
THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE 
TO CONTRACTS TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY THEREIN, WITHOUT GIVING 
EFFECT TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS APPLICABLE THEREIN. 
9. 
Waiver of Jury Trial. 
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE MAKERS AND THE 
HOLDER HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY. 
10. 
Faxed and Scanned Signatures. 
Signatures of this Note transmitted by fax, or scanned and then transmitted by 
email transmission shall have the same effect as original signatures. 
LAN D, LLC 
Maker 
On March 27, 2017, before me, the undersigned, personally appeared Jeffrey Epstein, 
personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the 
individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that 
he executed the same in his capacity as Sole Member of Plan D, LLC, a U.S. Virgin Islands 
limited liability company, and that by his signature on the instrument, Plan D, LLC executed 
the instrument. 
athhthe 0,0q1/2".
'Notary Public 
NAME AVDIU 
NOTARY PUBLIC-STATE OF NEW YORK 
No. 01AV6313116 
Qualified in Richmond County 
My Commission Expires October 14, 2018 
Epstein, S r e Mem r 
EFTA00592526

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592527.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592527.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jaredian Design Group 
PHYSICAL ADDRESS: No. 6333 Raadets Gade, Suite 14, St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 008024902 
MAILING ADDRESS: Post Office Box 8218, St Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 008044218 
Telephone 
• Fax 
BILL TO: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
GREAT ST. JIM, LLC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, SUITE 83 
ST. THOMAS, U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 00802 
VIA: 
ERIKA A. KELLERHALS, ESQ. 
101 
RELATED TO PERMIT 
VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Term 
Amounts 
Date 
14-Jul-17 
Invoice No. 
16-011.4 
Project No. 
16-011 
ACTIVITIES 
Amount of 
this Sling 
FOR GREAT ST. JIR 
KELLERHALS, 
ROYAL PALM 
9053 ESTATE 
ST. THOMAS, 
PROJECT: ARCHITECTURAL
GREAT ST. 
FERGUSON, KROBLIN PLLC 
PROFESSIONAL BUILDING, SUITE 
THOMAS 
VIRGIN ISLANDS 00802 
-ENGINEERING SERVICES 
JAMES CAY, ST. THOMAS, U.S. 
DESCRIPTION 
Amounts 
Previously Bled 
Site Study 
TBD 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Due Diligence Process 
TBD 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Preliminary Layouts and Land-Use Modifications 
TBD 
$12,225.00 
$46,804.00 
Pre-Design Services 
TBD 
$0.00 
$7,730.00 
TOTALS 
$0.00 
$12,225.00 
$54,534.00 
Contract Amount 
TBD 
Amount Earned 
$66,759.00 
LESS: Amount Previously Earned 
$54,534.00 
AMOUNT DUE 
$12,225.00 
This is to 
ACCEPTED BY: 
certify that this Is 
invoice and no ominous payment has been effected. otedited ono:calved forth* amounts ssquested brain. 
Joh 
Woods, ALA, NCARB, Principe 
Ja 
n Design Group 
Jeffrey Epstein, Owner 
Great St. Jim, LLC 
EFTA00592527
--- PAGE 2 ---
JDG 
JAREDIAN DESIGN GROUP 
Architects. Engineers and ConsInchon Managers 
5333 Rootlets God., SuIfs 14 
St. Thomas. U. S. Virgin Islands 00802.6900 
MAN-HOUR WORKSHEET OF DESIGN SERVICES 
Project/No.: 
GREAT ST. JAMES/16-011 
Client: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Via: 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, SUITE 83 
St THOMAS, U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 00802 
KELLERHALS, FERGUSON, KROBLIN PLLC 
ATTN -ATTORNEY ERIKA A. KELLERHALS 
Period: 
June 7 - July 14, 2017 
Invoice No.: 
16-011.4 
Date: 
7/14/2017 
Services provided by: 
Principol(s) 
Protect manager Still Architect CADD Toch. 
Aclm,in. Asst. 
Roles per hour: 
5225.00 
$150.03 
$100.00 
$75.00 
$70.00 
TOTALS 
DESCRIPTION OF DIRECT SALARIES: 
1. SITE STUDY 
Hours 
Subtotal 
$0.60 
$0.O0 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.03 
2. DUE DILIGENCE PROCESS 
Hours 
Subtotal 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
3. PRELIMINARY LAYOUTS AND LAND-USE 
MODIFICATIONS 
Hours 
Subtotal 
$12,225.00 
$5425.00 
$6,600.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
4. PRE-DESIGN SERVICES 
Flours 
Sub-total 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
S. Totals by Al Servkes: 
GRAND TOTAL $12,225.00 
EFTA00592528

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592529.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592529.pdf
----------------------------------------
ROBEFtT 
1001 RMILAVENUE 
NEW YoRK,... 10028 
*** 
FAX: 
June 15, 2017 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
6100 Redhook 
St Thomas, VI 00802 
Dear Mr. Epstein, 
Our records indicate that you are due for your next ophthalmic examination in July. 
Please contact this office at your earliest convenience so that we can schedule an appointment for 
you. 
Sincerely, 
Robert Friedman,M. 
'For your convenience, please note that we have an in-house optician as well as the ability to order 
your contact lenses to be delivered directly to your home or office. 
ACUVUE 
g
d11:1C:11401:S:1(31 
CooperVision 
Soo better. Live hotter. 
Live Eze)htly. 
ClEt46;)VISION Iwo' 
OPTICS 
EFTA00592529

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592530.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592530.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
CASE NO. 17 Civ 616 (JGK) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN GHISLAINE 
MAXWELL, 
LE 
GROFF, AND 
NOTICE OF MOTION FOR SANCTIONS 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE, that Defendants Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") and Lesley Groff 
("Groff") (together, "Defendants"), upon the pleadings and prior proceedings had herein, and on 
the grounds stated below, intend to move this Court before the Honorable John G. Koeltl at the 
United States Courthouse, 500 Pearl Street, New York, New York, for an Order pursuant to 
Fed.R.Civ.P. 11(c), sanctioning Plaintiff and Plaintiff's counsel, together with such other relief 
as this Court deems just and proper. 
The grounds for sanction are as follows. 
First, on January 26, 2017, the Plaintiff filed a Complaint in the above-captioned matter. 
Second, on May 15, 2017, the Defendants served a letter on Plaintiff detailing the many 
deficiencies in the Complaint, including, but not limited to, the failure of the Complaint to a) 
allege a legally sufficient claim as to either Defendant, b) identify the statutes allegedly violated 
by the Defendants, c) establish that the claims in the Complaint are not barred by applicable 
statute of limitations, d) establish personal jurisdiction over the Defendants, and e) establish that 
venue is properly laid in this District ("Deficiency Letter"). 
EFTA00592530
--- PAGE 2 ---
Third, on June 5, 2017, the Plaintiff filed and served the First Amended Complaint 
("FAC"). The FAC failed to correct any of the deficiencies in the Complaint that were described 
in detail in the Deficiency Letter, including, but not limited to, the following: 
a) the allegations in the FAC do not support a plausible claim that Plaintiff is a 
victim of sex trafficking, as opposed to a willing participant in an adult 
relationship in which she received an Upper East Side lifestyle and other 
benefits; 
b) the FAC fails to allege facts sufficient to support any violation of the statutes 
alleged; 
c) the claim in the FAC is barred by the longest possible statute of limitations; 
d) the FAC fails to establish that the Court possesses personal jurisdiction over the 
Defendants; and 
e) the FAC fails to establish that venue is properly laid in the Southern District of 
New York. 
Finally, Plaintiff's deposition testimony, and the documents that she produced, in the 
action captioned 
v. Maxwell, No. 15 Civ. 7433 (RWS) (the a 
action") further 
demonstrate that the FAC should be dismissed for the reasons set forth above and in the 
Deficiency Letter, and that Plaintiff and Plaintiff's counsel filed the FAC for improper purposes. 
PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, pursuant to Rule 11(c)(2), Plaintiff has a 
period of 21 days within which to take corrective action and voluntarily dismiss the FAC with 
prejudice before Defendants file their Rule 11 motion seeking all appropriate relief, including, 
but not limited to, an order dismissing the FAC and holding each of the Plaintiff and her counsel 
EFTA00592531
--- PAGE 3 ---
liable for all of Defendants' reasonable attorneys' fees and costs incurred in connection with the 
Complaint and the FAC and directing Plaintiff and her counsel to pay the same. 
Dated: July 21, 2017 
STEPTOE & JOHNSON, LLP 
By /s/ Michael C. Miller 
Michael C. Miller 
Justin Y.K. Chu 
Michael Keough 
Attorneys for Defendants 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN & LESLEY GROFF 
To: 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
Brad Edwards 
Attorney for Plaintiff 
Jane Doe 43 
ALSTON & BIRD, LLP 
Alexander S Lorenzo 
John E. Stephenson, Jr. 
(Application for admission 
pro hoc vice pending) 
Attorneys for Defendant 
EFTA00592532

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592533.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592533.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLED Docket 06/02/2017 Page 1 of 63 
GOVERNMENT 
EXHIBIT 
EFTA00592533
--- PAGE 2 ---
12/11/2001 11' 9 Eat 
037/099 
uase 9:us-cv-sui36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 2 of 63 
2007-04-75 
TXT 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURI VI rill FIFIEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
TN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
stArt OF FLORIDA 
STATE OF FLORIDA, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
TRANSCRIPT OF TAPED STATEMENT OF
4-24-O7 
iS 
rransillbed by: 
vicki S. woodham. court. Reporter 
Notary Public, State of rlorida 
concur & Associates 
1655 Palm Beach lakes Boulevard, Suite 500 
West Palm 'Peach, florida 33401 
Phone - 561.682.0N05 
• 
Faye 1 
EFTA00592534
--- PAGE 3 ---
12/11/2007 11 49 FAX 
Ql038/099 
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 3 of 63 
1007-04 2i 
TXT 
IR 
1!) 
• 
(Taped statement as follows:) 
AGENT RICHARDS: 
this is Special Agent Jason 
RiChards with the fnt along with Special Agent 
Nesbit Kirkendul and Assistant united StAteS 
Attorney Marie eilafonia here to conduct an 
interview with ms. a 
Also present is 
her attorney, Jim Eisenberg and Carrie Sheehan. 
MR. EISENOFRG: And we are here -- This is Jim 
FiSenbcrg and my investigator. Ms. Sheehan is here, 
And we're here pursuant to a suhpuena that was 
served on me for TIIMM 
and that's why we're 
here. So Ms. eilafonia. it's your show. 
MS. B1LAFONTA: Okay, treat. 
AGENI RICUARDS: 
I also want to add that the 
dale is 4-24-07. and the time by my watch is 4:21 
p.m. 
St AGENT RICHARDS: 
Q. 
Tatum, we just wail to start off and 
lead 
off first. we just want to get some basic info about 
you, simple stuff. I've gut your date of birth aS 
7.26-68: is that correct? 
A. 
Yes. sir. 
Q. 
I just want to yet like your hasics like that 
stuff first. your current address? 
A. 
Page 2 
Royal Palm Beach, 
EFTA00592535
--- PAGE 4 ---
12/11/2007 11:50 FAX 
IQ 039/099 
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 4 of 63 
200?-04-25 
33411. 
Q. 
You have a cell phone or --
A. 
561 
• 
Q. 
And home phone? 
S 
A. 
only cell. 
Q. 
Only cell, okay. Now have you had other cell 
phone numbers in the past and do you know any of those? 
a 
A. 
S 
that'S the only one I can remember. 
Q. 
Okay. But you had some others? 
A. 
uh-huh. 
It 
Q. 
Okay. 
BY N.S. RIIAFONIA: 
Q. 
who's your service provider? 
1.4 
A. 
metro. 
Q. 
Metro. And for that other number as well? 
A. 
Yes. 
BY AGCHT elCumtps: 
Q. 
Where did you go to high school? 
A. 
Q. 
And what year did you graduate? 
A. 
dropped out in eleventh. 
Q. 
what year was that that you dropped out , do you 
remember? 
A. 
No. 
0. 
what year were you supptrNed w 0raduate, your 
ragc 3 
EFTA00592536
--- PAGE 5 ---
12/11/2007 11:50 FAX 
ylo4o/os9 
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 5 of 63 
2007 04-75 IIIIIlltu 
class7 
A. 
'06. 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
I had got my GPO. 
Q. 
when did you get thar? 
A. 
About three months ago. 
0. 
And are you going to college anywhere 
• 
currently? 
tl 
A. 
Not right now. 
Q. 
Plans? 
A. 
I have plans. 
(IV MS. SILAFONIA: 
ti 
Q. 
Where are you thinking about going? 
A, 
III not positive what I want to do. There's a 
lot of things on my mind, but right now III focusing on 
my son. 
T have a two year old so right now III just 
working. 
IX 
AGENT RICHARDS: Ne i n a handful? 
lg 
THE WITNESS: Yeah. 
AGENT RICHARDS: I have one. tou. 
THE WITNESS: Yeah. So in the future. I'm 
definitely going to go to college. I'm going 
definitely going to go to school. Rut I have, you 
know, a modeling career gOing on right now that's 
Page 4 
EFTA00592537
--- PAGE 6 ---
12/ 1/2 0t. 1150 wt. 
lease :Lial-cv-idu (36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pag!64016939
7007-04-7S 
lxr 
hopefully going to -- some o you will notice me, 
• 
• 
hopefully, and that would be great, but 1 don't 
know. 
BY MS. BILAFUNIA: 
Q. 
Where else are you working? 
S 
A. 
T work for Advanced Cleaning Systems. They 
clean carpets. 
AGENT RICHARDS: Advanced what WAS it? 
THF WITNESS: System cleaning. 
BY MS. 6ILAFONIA: 
Q. 
And where are they located? 
A. 
tas Palmas, 11 Swanee, S-w-a-n -e-e, swin. 
Drive. 
O. 
Are you working in an office there or do you go 
out to people's homes? 
IS 
A. 
I work in an office there. 
BY AGrNT RICHAB0S: 
Q. 
Obviously, you know why we're here and what we 
IS 
want in talk about. So let me just kind of lead into do 
You know Jeffrey Epstein? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Tec, of course, you do. NOW when did you meet 
Jeff? Does he go by Jeff or Jeffrey or 
A. 
Jeffrey. 
Page 5 
EFTA00592538
--- PAGE 7 ---
12/1 /2 Ot 11 80 EVL 
Case
9:06-u-8u/36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pagerci/B9
/007-04-25 =Mi 
Tr!' 
• 
O. 
Okay. when did you meet. 
you ro )effrev? 
him and who introduced 
A. 
My girlfriend, Carolyn. introduced me to 
Jeffrey. 
Q. 
Do you know her last name? 
A. 
NO. she was a friend of one of my friends, so 
really didn't know her. 
BY MS. BILAIONIA: 
Q. 
when was that? 
A. 
t really couldn't tell you. T don't even 
remember. It's been so long ago. 
BY AGEN7 RICHAKOS: 
O. 
So Carolyn introduced you to him, was it at a 
party setting or how did you guys meet? 
A. 
NO. She came to me and she said hey, would you 
like to make a couple dollars and I said sure. I said 
doing what? She said, well. I know this 'Jeffrey. lie 
lives on Palm Beach island and I bring girls there and he 
likes massages and 1 was like okay. So T asked her, t 
said well, what about. my age? And she said well, just 
make sure that you tel l him that you're 18. And I had a 
fake IP at the time and we went there. 
Q. 
okay. And about what time period was it that 
rage li 
EFTA00592539
--- PAGE 8 ---
12/ 1/2 el IL 50 E&K. 
lease 9:08-cv-80 t36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pagleg4OlgY 
• 
• 
/007-04-25 S 
lxi 
2.2 
yuu went uver there first, do you remember',
A. 
what t ime period? 
'14 
Q. 
Yes. A5 tar 35 what year was that that you 
were in :school? 
A. 
I WAS 16.
Q. 
Sixteen. 
BY MS. BILArONIA: 
Q. 
were you a freshman or a sophomore, do you 
remember? 
A. 
couldn't roll you. 
couldn't tell you 
Probably a sophomore. 
K 
0. 
Now you said that carolyn told you that he 
likes massages. Did she elaborate on what types of 
massages? 
A. 
She 
sometimes he likes topless massages, 
but you don't have to do anything you don't want to do. 
He just likes massages. 
O. 
And de you know whether Carolyn had given him 
M41504.JCS? 
A. 
Yeah, she said she's done it before. 
Q. 
And do you know whether Carnlyn had taken Any 
IS 
other qirIS Over CO see Jeffrey? 
A. 
Y0S, She probably did. 
Q. 
Did she cell how much you wuuld make? 
Page 7 
EFTA00592540
--- PAGE 9 ---
12/11/200/ 11:51 FAX 
10I044/099 
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 9 of 63 
• 
2007-04.25 ~ 
UT 
A. 
yes. 
Q. 
what did she tell you? 
A. 
we go there and we make 5100 in 30 minutes. 
Q. 
NOW you said that you asked her, you know, what 
do I need to be worried about my aye. why did you ask 
her that? 
A. 
Because 1 don't want to be -- you know. it was 
like I was underaye and I was young and 1 was pretty 
stupid and I didn't want to yet -- t didn't want to get 
S 
in trouble, SO T always made sure -- I had a fake ID, 
anyways, saying that I was 18. And she just said make 
sure you're 18 because Jeffrey doesn't want any underage 
girls, 
BY AGENT RICHARDS: 
Q. 
NOW Carolyn. did she -- where did you meet her 
at? In school? what setting? 
A. 
T was at a friend's house, my girlfriend's 
house. I don't know what girlfriend':; house it was. 
Everybody was just hanging out. And she said -- she came 
up to me and she asked me. She said, do you want to make 
a couple bucks and I said sure. 
0. 
And atter the first time ihat she took you over 
IX 
there to meet Mr. Epstein. did she ever call you again to 
Page 8 
EFTA00592541
--- PAGE 10 ---
17711/2007 11:51 FAX 
4,045/093 
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 10 of 
2007-04-15 
set up any appointments with him or anything like that7 
A. 
NV. 
Q. 
Did she ever call you un the phone is what ■ 
asking? 
A. 
NO. T gave Jeffrey my number. And I said, you 
know, any time you want me to give you A massage again, 
2S 
I'll more than welcome to. 
• 
BY MS. BILAFONTA: 
Q. 
SO Carolyn took you that first rime, hut then 
after that you communicated directly with Jeffrey? 
A. 
uh-huh. 
Q. 
Tell us about that first time that you went to 
his house, who • - how did you get there? 
A. 
One of Carolyn's friends and they dropped us 
off and then we went. You know, we got escorted up to 
the massage room and he told me everything. de said, 
Listen. I like massages. And we had the whole massage 
table laid out, the lotions and everything. And she was 
In there for the first like five minutes. And the first 
time I gave him a massage. the left the room and 1 gave 
him a massage. And she told me. .The says he likes women 
topless massages. so .t willingly the first time took off 
my lop 
I gave him a massage and nothing more than 
that. It was just a hack massage and neck MA%%491. And 7 
Page 9 
EFTA00592542
--- PAGE 11 ---
12/11/2007 11:51 FAX 
IA 048/099 
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 11 of 
2007-04-25 
WEIS Out of there. 
Q. 
okay. let me just ask you a rouplr of 
tol low-op questions. You said that someone escoried you 
up to the room. Do ynu know who that was? 
A. 
One of -- what's her name? Actually, Sara, 
Sara just said, you know, it's up there and she just told 
me where it was. 
O. 
And then you said that you and Carolyn went 
• 
upstairs together? 
A. 
Uh-huh. 
Q. 
And carolyn stayed in there for the first tew 
minutes? 
S 
A. 
tlh-huh. 
Q. 
was 3effrey already in the room by the time 
Carolyn left? 
A. 
Yeah, he was in the room. 
l) 
O. 
Okay. was he there when you guys showed up in 
the room or did he come in after you were already there? 
1] 
A. 
He was in the room already. 
O. 
And you said that you took your top off. pid 
anybody ask you to take it ott. like did Carolyn say WA 
time for you to take it off? 
A. 
No, she wasn't in the room. 
rage 10 
EFTA00592543
--- PAGE 12 ---
12/11/2007 1.1 51 FAX 
Rb047/088 
case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 12 of 
• 
• 
/007-04-25 
TXT 
O. 
Ky the time you took it off, okay. 
A. 
said, i told ieffrey. I heard you like 
massages topless. And he's like, yeah, he said, but you 
don't have to do anything that you don't reel comfortable 
with. And t said okay, but I willingly took it off. 
Q. 
Okay. And during that rirst massage, you said 
thar you gave him a shoulder and neck massage? 
A. 
Neck, back, shoulder, yeah. 
U. 
Was he face down the entire time that he got 
his massage? 
A. 
Yeah. 
q. 
And what did you do during the massage? Did 
you talk or - 
A. 
Yeah, we talked. 
S 
9. 
And what would you talk about with him? 
A. 
Well, we were just getting to know each other. 
we Iai
 about how my lifestyle was, what he did fur a 
living and just all positive things, really nice things. 
q. 
Okay. what was he wearing when you first came 
in the room? 
II 
A. 
I'm sorry. when he first -- when he first came 
in the room, he was fully clothed. And then he said, you 
know, wait a second. I'm going to go on the massage 
table and he put a towel over him just like a normal 
rage 11 
EFTA00592544
--- PAGE 13 ---
12/11
007 11:51 Fa. 
lill048/099 
L2
ease 9:08-cv-au736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 13 of 
2007-04-)5 -.TXT 
1S 
masseuse would do. 
Q. 
Did he undress and put a towel around him? 
A. 
uh huh. 
O. 
okay. 
A. 
Yeah, I didn't see anything. It was just back, 
neck and shoulders. 
Q. 
And after the massage was over. you received 
the $200? 
A. 
lit gives money right away. 
Q. 
III sorry. was that before you started the 
2S 
massage or after the massage he gave you? 
• 
• 
A. 
The first time, he gave me the money right 
away. 
U. 
okay. And he's the person that paid you the 
$200? 
A. 
No, it's always Sara. 
G. 
Sara gave you the money? 
A. 
Uh-huh. 
BY AGENT itict-lxkos: 
Q. 
what's Sara's last name, do you know? 
A. 
I don' t know. 
Mk. EISENBERG! You can't look at papers. At 
you think you know, you know. If you don't know, --
Pawl 12 
EFTA00592545
--- PAGE 14 ---
12/11[2007 11:51 FAX 
W1049/095 
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 14 of 
2007-04-25 
TAT 
THE WITNESS: No, I don't know. I don't know 
sara's last name. HQ does. 
BY MS. 8ILAFONIA: 
Q. 
okay. The only thing III confused about is you 
said that sara didn't even take you upstairs. She just 
told you where you should go? 
A. 
oh-huh. 
Q. 
SO when did she pay you the money? 
A. 
She paid me then and there when I first walked 
in the door, me and Carolyn. 
BY AGENT. RICHAIWS: 
Q. 
she paid you before you went upstairs? 
A. 
Yes. 
• 
BY MS. BILAFONIA.: 
Q. 
And how much was Carolyn paid? 
A. 
Everybody got paid 5200. 
Q. 
And after -- so after the Ilssage was finished, 
you said that you had already been paid. who asked you 
for your name and telephone number? 
A. 
Jeffrey said, well. III like to see you again. 
Can I have your number? From what I remember. III pretty 
sure he asked me for my numher and T gave him my number. 
Q. 
Okay. 
BY AGM Al(HAAWN: 
rage 13 
EFTA00592546
--- PAGE 15 ---
12/11/2007 11:52 FAX 
050/492 
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 15 of 
2007-04-25 S 
ixt 
Q. 
Did he write it down upstairs? He had a pen 
handy. I hope? 
A. 
Uh-huh. 
IS 
MY Ms. ATLAFONIA: 
t6 
Q. 
on that first massage, you said that you worked 
on him topless. Nut when you first started, did you take 
-- what were you wearing? 
A. 
was wearing a shirt. a normal shirt and 
jeans. And I started to do a massage and I said well, I 
heard you like topless massages. And, of course, he 
2> 
thought I was 18. And he's like yeah. T do. I prefer 
that. And who wouldn't, you know? So I said okay and I 
took it off. 
Q. 
And you took oft your bra as well? 
• 
A. 
VQS. 
Q. 
And you left your jeans on? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Okay. So you gavr him a massage. Did he 
request you do anything sprrial in the massage? 
A. 
NO. 
Q. 
And he never turned over in that first massage? 
A. 
NO. 
Q. 
SO you said that that day you gave your name 
page 14 
EFTA00592547
--- PAGE 16 ---
12/11/2007 11 52 FAX 
10,051/099 
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 16 of 
2007-04 25 
7xl 
and number to Jettrey. when was your next cnritaCt from 
him or anybody who worked fur him? 
1/ 
A. 
The next day, he had called me and he said 
would like to come out again and t'd like to see you 
again. I said sure. 1 Wok a taxi there and 7 went 
there again. 
Q. 
The FOllOwing day,
A. 
The next day. 
Q. 
okay. And you said that Jeffrey is the person 
who called you for that appointment? 
A. 
NO. Jeffrey did not, no. Sara. Sara actually 
cal led me. ream what 11 remember, Sara actual ly cal led 
in.:. 
Q. 
okay. And she said Jeffrey says he wants to 
5ee you again? 
A. 
Yes. 
• 
I 
O. 
And then you said you took a taxi? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Is that huw you would normally got to and tram 
his house? 
A. 
uh-huh, if 1 didn't have friends because 1 
don't drive, yeah. 
BY AGENT RICHARDS: 
Q. 
How did you get home the first time when 
rage 15 
EFTA00592548
--- PAGE 17 ---
12/11.42ifili IA 52 FAX 
vietsu 9:u8cv-ou736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 PaVn
s
7007-04.25 IIIIIIIIrxr 
Carolyn took you over? Did she get a taxi? 
A. 
NO, our friend came back and picked us up. 
Q. 
which friend was that? 
A. 
nis name was Brian. I don't know his last 
name. t really didn't know Carolyn and I didn't know her 
friends or whatever, but I met Jeffrey. And once I met 
1S 
Jeffrey, he was a very awesome guy and t just -- I don't 
know. I ended up giving him my number so r could --
didn't want Carolyn ur Brian to drive me anymore. I 
would rather go to him on my own. 
kV MS. BLLAIONIA: 
Q. 
when you would take the taxis to and from, 
would he III for them? 
11. 
A. 
Uh-huh. 
Q. 
And he would pay when you arrived? 
A. 
uh-huh. 
Q. 
And then he would just oive you extra money 
• 
when you left to pay for the taxi? 
A. 
No, nn. I never asked him for extra money, so 
lt just paid for my own taxi. 
Q. 
okay. So From the money that he paid you for 
the massage? 
A. 
two hundred, yeah. 
Page 16 
EFTA00592549
--- PAGE 18 ---
12/11/2001 11'52 FAX 
053/UYS 
case 9:ug-cv-so736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 18 of 
• 
2007-04.15 
TXI 
Q. 
where were you living at the timcY 
A. 
I was living at 
located on Okeechobee. so I would take, you know, 
straight Okeechobee down to where I lived. 
Q. 
Ou you remember about how much that taxi faro 
w45 each way? 
A. 
Twenty dollars. 
t4 
Q. 
And did you always use the same taxi service 
or 
A. 
Ho, 1 used different taxis all the time. so --
Q. 
And you would just call and have them come to 
your house? 
A. 
Uh-huh. I used a whole bunch of different 
taxis, whatever is available. 
Q. 
SO you mentioned that the second mas sago, was 
it any different than the first one? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
How was it different? 
A. 
When x went there, I went there by myself. And 
went up to the massage room and Jeffrey was just like 
regular like he was before on his stomach and he had a 
towel over and we started the massage and I had my top 
off willingly. And after the massage. he asks me the 
whole time. He says, Are you comfortable with me Joh) 
Page 17 
EFTA00592550
--- PAGE 19 ---
12211/2007 11.52 FAX_ 
case 9:08-cv-8u /36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pagigi.V099
200.7-04-25 IIIIIIITXJ 
this and I said yes and he turned around. And this was 
like at the end of the massage. our 30-minutes massage. 
X 
usually it was even shorter than that. And he 
masturbated at the end of the massage and it was like two 
seconds and 1 was just tool'''. 
Q. 
And when he turned over, then did he touch you 
at all or was he just --
A. 
NO. I did not touch him. He did not touch me. 
we didn't even want --
Q. 
Yott didn't like continue the massage while he 
was masturbating or anything? 
A. 
NO. 
IS 
Q. 
Okay. T rut you off. YOu said he didn't even? 
A. 
He didn't want me to touch him and he didn't 
touch me at all. 
O. 
Did he ever ask you to rub his chest or rub his 
nipples during the massage? 
A. 
Actually. later on 
because I saw him For a 
long time. tater on. I asked him. you know, and I asked 
him -- 1 would give him -- you know, I would rub his 
• 
chest or whatever and massage him while he was 
masturbating. yeah. 
Q. 
So eventually you would continue the massage 
page 18 
EFTA00592551
--- PAGE 20 ---
12/1112007 1_1 -53 F.A1 
4,95)/OBB 
case 9:u8-cv-au736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 2u of 
2007 04 25 IIIIIIIItxt 
and he would masturbate at the same time? 
A. 
Yeah. but it wasn't on his lower area. 
Q. 
no, you never touched his penis? 
A. 
Right. 
Q. 
Okay. so that was during the second massage. 
You were paid 5200 again? 
IQ 
A. 
Always. 
Q. 
Always? Every time you went there? 
A. 
Always. 
BY AGENT RICHARDS: 
0. 
was it always Sara that paid you? 
A. 
sometimes Jeffrey would and sometimes Sara 
would. 
BV MS. B1LAIONIA: 
/8 
Q. 
was it usually before or after the massage? 
A. 
After the first time, it was always after. I 
would go downstairs and t'd get paid. 
Q. 
So just sort of tell us, when a massage ended. 
which I assume was after he ejaculated? 
A. 
it wasn't all the time that he did, though. 
0. 
Okay. 
A. 
It wasn't like every time we went there he 
• 
released. sometimes he just wanted his feet massaged. 
sometimes he just wanted a hack massage. 
Page 19 
EFTA00592552
--- PAGE 21 ---
12/lease79:wo-cv 
1/200 11.53 -b736
/36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Fade W6/99
2007-04-25 
rxr 
Q. 
okay. But when the massage was over however it 
ended, you would just get dressed and yo downstairs by 
S 
yourself or did take you downstairs? 
A. 
Yeah. the chef would make us food and it'd be 
great. And Jeffrey would get dressed and he'd come down 
with us sometimes or, you know, it wasn't -- we had fun. 
• 
rt was all positive. 
In 
Q. 
okay. mow many massages do you think that you 
gave Jeffrey? 
A. 
gave Jeffrey a lot of macsaqvc 
r can't tell 
you. I saw him fur a good year. 
Q. 
And how many times -- would you see him weekly 
Is 
or more than once a week? 
A. 
yeah. 
Q. 
More than once a week? 
A. 
I personally would or I'd bring girls. 
Q. 
okay. But either you would or either a girl 
that you brought? 
A. 
Yeah, uh ,huh. 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
But after a while. it wasn't me anymore. I had 
brought girls, but t got paid $200 to bring girls. 
Q. 
okay. so let's talk lust about when you were 
Page 20 
EFTA00592553
--- PAGE 22 ---
12/11.420_ 1,1;.53.5AX 
case79:uo-cv-ou736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pa6Tir 
2007-04-25 
txt 
performing the massages. what other sorts of things 
would happen? You said that sometimes he would just like 
his feet massaged. what case would happen during those 
massage sessions? 
S 
A. 
Nothing. everything I told you. 
Q. 
Okay. So sometimes a back massage? 
A. 
sometimes he liked back massages. sometimes he 
like feet massages. Sometimes he like his head massaged. 
He liked his head massaged a lot. sometimes leg 
massages, yeah. And it wasn't every time that we went 
there he masturbated. 
I? 
Q. 
okay. Any idea half and half or less than half 
the time that he masturbated? 
A. 
Less the time he masturbated. 
IS 
Q. 
Did you always perform topless? Did you ever 
get completely naked towards the end or in the middle and 
remove all of your clothing? 
A. 
I Would wear panties. willingly one time 
because we were making jokes and everything and willingly 
one time I had, yes, I was totally nude, but t was fine 
with it. 
O. 
okay. 
A. 
Totally fine with it. 
Q. 
And how did that massage go? 
A. 
Actually, it was a foot massage and he was 
• 
rage Z1 
EFTA00592554
--- PAGE 23 ---
12/111200 
lA 53 FAX 
uase79:u8-cv-bu736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 PaATO139
2007-04-25 
lAl 
1.1 
sitting on the couch. we didn't even have the massage 
'able out and I gave him a Foot rub and I was nude. 
Q. 
And how much were you paid Fur that? 
A. 
Two hundred every single time. 
Q. 
Did he at any point kiss you. touch you, show 
any kind of affection towards you? 
A. 
Never, never. 
Q. 
okay. 
RV AGENT alCilARDS: 
AO 
Q. 
why not? 
A. 
why not? why would he? 
Q. 
you seem like a nice young lady, attractive. 
He never had any urges to --
A. 
I asked him, 1 said, when are you going to get 
IS 
married? when arc you going to get married, :Jeffrey? He 
said, I'm never getting married. He has, you know. 
beautiful women all the time. why would he -- no, 
huh-uh. 
BY MS. RILAFONIA: 
Q. 
He never pulled you closer to him in a sexual 
way? 
A. 
I wish. no, no. never, ever, ever, no, never. 
3effrey is an awesome man, no. 
Q. 
Okay. Now you said that at some point you 
started bringing other girls over? 
• 
rage 22 
EFTA00592555
--- PAGE 24 ---
12/118W 91.60avF-66736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 PaN:114/899
2007 04 25 -.TXT 
1. 
A. 
Oh-huh. 
Q. 
now did that start? 
A. 
we likes to see different faces. 
f). 
so he asked you if you had friends that you 
could bring over or other girls? 
A. 
uh-huh. 
Q. 
And how did you decide who you would ask to 
S 
come over? 
A. 
All of my good-looking girlfriend% and if ihvy 
had friends. It's all about, you know, we were just 
making money and Jeffrey is an awesome guy. we just, you 
know -- I would tell my girlfriends just like Carolyn 
approached me. make sure you tel l him you're 18. well, 
these girls that 1 brought, I know that they were 18 or 
or 20. And the ()iris that t didn't know and T don't 
know it they were lying or not, 1 would say make sure 
that you tell him you're IS. 
Q. 
okay. what exactly would you tell them about 
what would happen after you got to the house? 
A. 
I said he likes massages, but he prefers 
topless massages. BUT if you're nut comfortable, then 
)2 
don't do it and it won't matter. 
O. 
And did any of them tell you what happened 
after that? 
A. 
Always, always, I even asked them. 
• 
emit? 23 
EFTA00592556
--- PAGE 25 ---
12/16g8791h5di 
V 6U/36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 PagVglocr 9
• 
2007-04-25 
O. 
Okay. And with the other girls, was it the 
same as what you did or different? 
A. 
Yeah, yeah. t mean, well. I was more willingly 
to do more. you know. Like I said, I went nude for him 
one time. But the other girls. they practically were 
topless and that's all that they were willing to do. 
some girls didn't want to go topless and Jeffrey didn't 
mind. 
Q. 
were there girl!: that you brought back multiple 
JO 
times? 
A. 
A couple, a couple, but he really liked to see 
different faces. 
Q. 
okay. I'm just wondering are there some girls 
he really liked and others he didn't like or did he have 
any preferences in terms of blondes, brunettes? 
A. 
He liked girls like me. 
O. 
Okay. Thin and attractive? 
A. 
t guess. yeah. very attractive women. And he 
didn't say girls. He said women all the time. 
Q. 
Did you ever briny anybody he didn't care for? 
Zl 
A. 
Huh-uh. 
Q. 
Yeah? 
A. 
Yeah. 
Q. 
now was she different than the others? 
ZS 
A. 
Black. I screwed up. 
Page 24 
EFTA00592557
--- PAGE 26 ---
12/ 1tagg9k1O6vfeS736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pa*N
/dt98
2007-04 - 2S 
. 'XI 
Q. 
How did you know you screwed up? 
A. 
He doesn't like black women, obviously. 
Q. 
So he let you know? He told you that? 
A. 
Yeah, bur he was still nice and he still gave 
her her 200 even though he didn't even have a massage by 
her. 
Q. 
How did he 
he paid you 5200 for bringing 
';4th girl? 
A. 
Uh-bug. 
IQ 
Q. 
And when he told you that. I mean, that's what 
he told you that he would III you 5200 for bringing the 
girls? 
A. 
Yeah. He said if you bring me -- if you bring 
me girls, I'll definitely, you know, give you money, 
1S 
compensate you for your time and willing to do that for 
me, yeah. 
Q. 
And you said at that point you stopped 
performing massages for him? 
A. 
At that point. 1 didn't -- it would he 
sporadically like. Usually. I had so many girlfriends at 
the time that. you know, there were some new Faces to be. 
saw. And if no one was avai lable. then T 
would go. 
Q. 
I got you. 
A. 
SO --
Q. 
po you know some of the girls that you brought, 
• 
Page 15 
EFTA00592558
--- PAGE 27 ---
12/11.220QT9:uo-c 
case 
v-uu736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pan
iar 
7007-04-25 
/XV 
?i 
some of the their names? 
A. 
don't remember, really. They were like not 
even friends. They were just associates, you know. If 
• 
anything. 
be friends of friends, so no. 
Q. 
We have -- I don't know. We have some messages 
I guess that some girls' names that would call Jeffrey 
and leave a massage. There's some girls names that are 
referenced. we were just wondering if you knew them? 
A. 
If you name them. T can probably remember. 
MS. BILAIONIA: Jason, do you have that? 
BY AGENT RICHARDS: 
Q. 
V 
is one. 
A. 
I don't know v_. 
OO you know her lint 
name? 
MS. BILAFONTA: we were hoping you did. 
°rue WITNESS: No, X don't. 
DV AGENT RICHARDS: 
Q. 
A. 
No, that sounds like a black girl's 
name. 
Q. 
Well, you brought a black girl. what was her 
name? 
?3 
A. 
I don't know. uon't ask me. 
0. 
SEIM 
Pdge /0 
EFTA00592559
--- PAGE 28 ---
12/1122007 
Etta_ 
ease 9:uo-cv-aur36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 PA °ler 
2C 
A, 
s 
2007 04 25 
yeah, I brought 5 
• 
• 
Q. 
A. 
who is she? 
tel l us about Still. 
s 
we look just alike, if that's the girl 
I'm thinking about. we went to school together and I 
brought her one time and then she ended up moving so she 
S 
couldn't come with me. 
Q. 
were you guys in the same grade or --
A. 
No, she was older than me. 
Q. 
A year or two? 
A. 
she was -- Actual ly, she was like 1K. I don't 
know. she was older. She was like, you know, two ranks. 
two grades ahead of me. 
Q. 
So when you were a sophomore. she was a senior? 
A. 
I just met her in school and I told her. 
BY MS. BILAFONIA: 
Q. 
what was her last name? 
A. 
T don't know. 
BY AGENT RICHARDS: 
L8 
Q. 
Do you know where she lived? 
A. 
I just 
met her in school and I told her about it. 
Q. 
You told her about it at school? is that where 
your discussion was or --
A. 
Well. I said gilo. me your number. I said you 
can make a couple of dollars. it's real easy. And if 
Page 27 
EFTA00592560
--- PAGE 29 ---
12/11120V 14 SA R44( 
e.atse.9Liaev
736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pa6110/6199
• 
2007-04-25 
you're comfortable with it, give me a call. 
Q. 
Was that at school or at a party? 
was? 
A. 
No, at school. 
0. 
At school. You're not sure what her last name 
A. 
t have no idea. 
0. 
Do you know where she 
or anything like 
that, what car she drove? 
A. 
No. 
S 
Q. 
what'd she look like? 
A. 
what she looked like? 
Q. 
Yeah. 
A. 
Like me, everything, blonde hair. blue OyeS. 
(Start Side Fs of tape.) 
AGENT RICHARDS: Time recorder is being 
restarted is approximately 4:50 III 
li 
SY MS. BILAFONIA: 
High at the 
A. 
Q. 
Y. 
A. 
And that's where S 
went to school. 
U. 
what about a girl 
rag 
q, 
we were talking about s 
YoU were at 
NO, I was at 
time? 
EFTA00592561
--- PAGE 30 ---
12/1 ViaW910856v186736-KidA Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pa64°Seiel99
2007-04-2S 
TXT 
A. 
who? 
BY MANI RICHARDS: 
Q
.
O
l
d
you bring 
A. 
I brought a couple 
ns 
Q. 
I want to know about every one you brought 
A. 
well. one of them died recently, so --
Q. 
what was her name? In a car accident or 
something? 
A. 
NO, she 
unfortunately, she got shot in 
the head. von guys probably heard it on the news. She 
clot shot in the head by 
his guy. 
f don't want to even 
talk about it because 
cry. 
tiv rte., EILAION1A: 
O. 
Let's talk about the other u 
A. 
I don't even know. 1 don't know. I don' t 
know, There were some girls that just 1 would take one 
time and then I would never talk to again, so 1 don't 
know. 
O. 
Now many girls do you think you brought to 
Jeffrey's house? 
A. 
ThOt'S a good question. I bring a lot, like 
maybe
I don't know, maybe 30. maybe 30. 
IL was al l 
about the money to me at that time. 
U. 
wow any of the girls that you brought , did any 
Page 29 
EFTA00592562
--- PAGE 31 ---
12/112007 
Ax 
uase 9:wotvF-idu736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 PalVM./8?9
2007-04-2s IIIIIIIIrxr 
of them leave their names And numbers and then they would 
get appointments directly from Jeffrey or did they alw.iys 
gn through you? 
A. 
'hey went through me, hopefully. 
2S 
Q. 
So you don't know,
!sY AGENT RICHARDS: 
Q. 
You weren't getting paid, right? 
A. 
I told them. I Said, Don't give him your 
number. 
RY MS. BILAFON/A: 
0. 
If you brought the same girl more than once, 
would you yet paid each time you brought them or lust get 
the initial S.200? 
A. 
Fvery Single time I brought a girl, okay, or 1 
referred a girl, t Always got 4700, always. 
Q. 
Even if she came a second time? 
A. 
Ye:. 
Q. 
you would get. 5100 every time she came/ 
A. 
yes. 
Q. 
Good deal . okay. what abour a 
If, 
A. 
C 
who? 
Q. 
Any C-that 
you brought ro mr. rpclein's 
IS 
house. 
• 
Page 30 
EFTA00592563
--- PAGE 32 ---
12/1e388791j318114"-
ocu /36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pagif Ygoiss
i00/-04-)5 
A. 
I brought a c 
Q. 
wM. where die she CIO to school? 
A. 
she didn't go to school. 
Q. 
Okay. flow did you know 
A. 
CMS 
been my -- she's my friend in the 
Z4 
past. mow did i meet C 
al a party or she was my 
)5 
-- Actually, she was my baby's father's girlfriend at the 
• 
time and I met her at a party. 
Q. 
You asked her if she'd be wi l l ing to go to 
Jeffrey's house? 
A. 
uh-huh. 
Q. 
And when -- do you remember when that would 
have been? 
A. 
Actually, a couple weeks, a couple weeks. I do 
remember her. A couple weeks after I met him. 
Q. 
So you brought her pretty soon after you met 
ieffrey? 
A. 
uh-huh. 
Q. 
And how old was C 
IIIIIIIV 
A. 
Seventeen, 17. 
O. 
And what happened when you brought a 
is 
A. 
The same thing. 
Q. 
okay. well. I know that sometimes you said 
that the girls would tell you what happened? 
Page 31. 
EFTA00592564
--- PAGE 33 ---
12/11/200
A 5 A 
Fx 
case79:Iu8-scv -au736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pali
/or 
2007-04-25 IIIIIIIITxt 
A. 
She went in there, she had a massage 
she 
gave a massage on his back. She went a couple times. He 
/0 
liked her. She went a couple times. The first time she 
told me that he didn't 
it was just like me the first 
time. me didn't climax at al l , nothing happened. It was 
just a massage. And then she went, I chink, like two 
times after that. And yeah, he masturbated, but no 
touching. She didn't -- there's no touching of him. No 
touching of her. 
None of my girls ever had a problem and 
call me. 
beg me. you know, for us to go to 
ieffrey's house because they love Jeffrey. Jeffrey is a 
• 
respectful man. He really is. I mean, and he all 
thought we were of age, always. this is what's so sad 
about it. 
Q. 
How would -- how would you make appointments 
for girls to go over there? 
A. 
All call them and they Say hi. do you want to 
go to Jeffrey's house? And 
say yes or no and 
call a taxi. 
Q. 
HOW would you know when leffrey was going to be 
in town? 
A. 
leffrey was 'in town, Sara would cal l me. 
I5 
Q. 
Did she always call when they were already in 
Page 3/ 
EFTA00592565
--- PAGE 34 ---
1211 tigg 79:1585&-W736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Penn" 
2007.04-25 
town or would she -- how for in AdVArif l• would she call 
I/ 
you? 
A. 
They only called me when they were in Palm 
Beach. They never called me from anywhere. They've 
never called me from anywhere else. It was always when I 
was in Palm Beach. They'd say hi, we're down here. If 
you want to come and see Jeffrey, you're more than 
welcome to. 
Q. 
So you wouldn't have like a specitic time when 
you would go over, like be here at 11 or he here at two? 
A. 
well, I'd tell them, I'd say -- well, I mean, 
I'd have to work around his schedule. He'd have to work 
around mine. Yeah, we'd say T'll he there at three. 
I'll be there at four, whatever. 
S 
Q. 
DO you -- I know that you said you talked to 
Sara on the phone. was there anybody else that you would 
• 
talk to on the phone? 
A. 
At Jeftrey wasn't there like it A'd call him to 
see how he was doing or whatever, you know, he had -- his 
chef would answer the phone. HiS maid would answer the 
ft 
phone. That's --
I? 
O. 
But was Sara the only one you talked to about 
1.3 
making appointments? 
A. 
Uh-huh. yeah. well, yeah. if ieffrey wasn't 
Page 33 
EFTA00592566
--- PAGE 35 ---
12/11'20079:u 
lA 55 FAD( 
case 
8-cv-oru736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Paatai6o2o°iss
2007-04-25 
available, t 
you know, he said, the chef or you 
Ih 
know, whoever. said )cffrey will get hack to you. Yeah, 
Sara made the appointments. 
is 
q. 
so when you were calling to talk to Jeffrey. 
you were calling the house phone over in Palm reach? 
A. 
Oh-huh, yeah. 
Q. 
And how often would you talk ro Jeffrey on the 
phone as opposed to talking to one of his assistants? 
A. 
Me and Jeffrey hardly ever talked on the phone. 
Pe was always busy. It was mostly tiara. we'd talk when 
would ger there, you know 
so ii was like hey, do you 
• 
I 
wont to come in? Yes, cool, you know. come 
no. 
cool, bye. 
Q. 
Do you know someone who works for Jeffrey named 
A. 
I chink I met her one time. 
q. 
And what do you know about her? 
A. 
She was there. And the person 
, I think, 
not positive, okay. I'm pretty sure she said that 
she's from New York and she travels with Jeffrey. but I 
ID 
think 7 met her one time, if that's the girl that ring, 
the bell, you know, in my head. Nadia 7 think is that 
one person I mel nns time. 
Page 34 
EFTA00592567
--- PAGE 36 ---
12/1 ase 9l
1420o7 A 
AX 
:u8--cAu736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pa6Pgd/809
2002 04 25 =M. IK1 
Q. 
Now you said that you had teased Jeffrey about 
whether he was gett ing married. Did you ever know him to 
have a girlfriend or a steady? 
A, 
No, he [old me he's never been married. He's 
never had a girlfriend and hr doesn' t want to have a 
IS 
girlfriend. 
Q. 
were you ever asked to bring a girl for someone 
else like to give a massage to somebody else or to anyone 
other than ieffrey? 
A. 
NO. T gave Sara a massage before. 
Q. 
And how 
did that happen? 
A. 
only gave Sara a massage like once or twice, 
once or twice, not that often. 
• 
0. 
Nut anybody else, either any friends that were 
in town or --
A. 
No. See, my mother is a masseuse and I have 
experience massaging and he always liked my massages. so 
he told Sara about my massages and she said. yeah, I want 
a massage so I'd go over there. 
T think it was one or 
two times and i gave her a massage. 
Q. 
Now when the girls were upstairs with Jeffrey 
in the bedroom, what would you do? 
A. 
the chef would make me carved tomatoes. out 
some crab meat in it and l'd just cat, wine and din,'. 
TI 
Page 35 
EFTA00592568
--- PAGE 37 ---
12/114207 14,-;fie 644-, 
ease 9:uia-cv-aur 36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pagr@ Wer s
100/-04-25 
was wonderful, great. 
Q. 
And when you would talk to the chef --
A. 
0. 
-- would anybody else from the house be there? 
A. 
Yes. 
t don't know their names. I can't 
remember. There were like all these foreign girls from 
-- like they're beautiful, beautiful models that are from 
different -- they have accents. And no, but it was real 
interesting because we'd talk. And, you know, III learn 
a lot trom them and 
learn a lot from me just being 
American. And no, every time, r went there it was a good 
time. And t ocually just are or ■ 
go and suntan or 
something near the pool. 
Q. 
And how long you would the other girl he 
3; 
upstairs normally? 
A. 
Twenty, 25. 20 to 30 minutes. 
RY AGENT RICHARDS: 
Q. 
Hack to 
wM 
is there anything else 
about her that you can remember? You were friends with 
her. She went three times, you think? Did she go back 
without going through you to set up any appointments that 
you know about') 
A. 
I don't know. 
• 
Page 36 
EFTA00592569
--- PAGE 38 ---
12/11/2007 1356 FAA_ 
usins9 
case 9:08-cv-auf36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pagif ild or 
2007-04-25 IIIIIIIIFTx1 
Q. 
Okay. were there any ot er a 
that you 
brought? I know you brought other la 
or multiple 
BIIIIIIF 
A. 
Yeah. I don't know. It you would $3y like a 
last name, then i would probably remember. but I don't. 
Q. 
Any Gill'? Did you bring a 
A. 
CM. yeah, that sounds familiar. Yeah. 
tom, yeah. 
A. 
oh-huh. 
0. 
what can you tell me about her? Mow old was 
she? 
A. 
she's older than me. 
Q. 
Do you know her from school or -. 
A. 
No. where did i meet her? I met her in my 
neighborhood and I asked her if she wanted to go and 
• 
yeah, GE. she was only there one time, though. 
Q. 
Did she tell you how it went with him upstairs? 
A. 
Yeah. 
p. 
what'd she say? 
A. 
she said -- she's like ah, I don't know. 
q. 
She freaked out or someohing? 
A. 
No, no, but he didn't want her ogain. De likes 
rai l, slender and she was like short. 
Page 37 
EFTA00592570
--- PAGE 39 ---
12/1112007 4.45R 
case-9:uio=cwoo736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 PaVid ior 
2007-04 25 -.TXT 
O. 
What did she say about him? 
A. 
she had fun. 
Q. 
she had fun? 
A. 
Oh-huh. 
Q. 
What did she say happened up there? 
A. 
she was topless and just gave a massage. He 
didn't, you know, climax or anything. 
BY MS. 8ILAPowIA: 
Q. 
Did you ever, either when you gave him a 
massage or any of the girls, did you ever use a big back 
massager or it was only manual massage? 
A. 
NO. it was only my hAnds, we never used 
anything else. 
Q. 
Now when you were working for him, when you 
were going over to Jeffrey's house to give massages, did 
you have a boyfriend? 
A. 
yeah, yeah. 
I. 
Q. 
okay. How did he feel ahout you going to 
Jeffrey's house? 
A. 
He was a jealous little boy, but he didn't 
care. Bring home the bacon. 
Q. 
what's your boyfriends? 
A. 
• 
Page 313 
EFTA00592571
--- PAGE 40 ---
12/11/2007 11:56 FAX 
W1075/0,3 
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 40 of 
• 
• 
2007-04-25 
s iXT 
Q. 
Now T know you that you mentioned that you had 
a baby. 
Is that the baby's father? 
A. 
No, no, thank God. 
Q. 
who is the baby's father? 
A. 
SM" 
0. 
okay. 3 
SM. 
And were you still going 
to Jeffrey's when you were pregnant? 
A. 
I would bring girls there when I was pregnant. 
IS 
Q. 
So did -- so did J 
have concerns about 
what you were doing at Jeffrey's house? 
A. 
NO, he talked to Jeffrey over the phone. 
Jeffrey actually threw me my baby shower and he got me 
furniture and a nice rattle for my son and just really 
nice things, i love mommy frames. 
Q. 
was the shower at his house and did he attend? 
A. 
No, nu, at my house, at my house. And no. 
Jeffrey wasn't there. He just sent Sara to bring me 
gifts for the baby. 
2S 
Q. 
Oh, okay. 
RV AGENT RICHARDS: 
Q. 
Did J 
ever go over there with you? 
A. 
NU. 
Q. 
He stayed away. 
A. 
NO, he didn't go, no. 
Page 39 
EFTA00592572
--- PAGE 41 ---
12/116tre19%.5-Cvl-g736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 PaVa in
s
• 
• 
2007-04.25 
BY MS. RTIAFONIA: 
Q. 
Did Jeffrey ask you about boyfriends? I mean, 
was he curious about --
A. 
Yeah, we always talked about everything, yeah. 
Do you have a boyfriend, yeah, no. you know, we talked 
like -friends. I don't know. Just about our lite 
stories, You know, he probably knows my whole life 
story. 
Hy AGENT RICHARDS: 
Q. 
Now do you still have contact with him or 
A. 
who? 
Q. 
Jeffrey. 
lF 
A. 
No, no one's allowing me. 
DV MS. AltAFONIA: 
Q. 
Did he know that you wanted to be a model or 
that's what you were aspiring to be? 
A. 
Yes, I told him. Yes. I've always wanted to be 
a model, yes. 
Q. 
nid he ever say IIII help you? 
2S 
A, 
oh-huh, yeah. And I was -- like I said, I was 
at the time and X felt -- like he said, you know. You 
can - • I will definitely take you and bring you to New 
York and everything because he had models there, but 
Page 40 
EFTA00592573
--- PAGE 42 ---
12/111M791601v516736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pa*MY(9(39
always turned it down because I was 16 and I didn't want 
that to get our. 
Q. 
What did you say to him? now did you put him 
off? 
A. 
I don't know. Oh, well. 7 don't know. No, he 
wasn't like begging me or anything, me asked me a couple 
times and 1 said -- 1 just -- there was like no say about 
it. I just -- I didn't yo. And it wasn't like he asked 
me all the time. Me just it's a couple times he asked. 
me said i'll briny you to New York or whatever we do and 
we can, you know, try to fulfill your dreams, but 
always said no because. I was young and I didn't want to 
screw up the 18 thine. 
O. 
Did -- when you got pregnant, did he react in 
any way? 7 mean, did he tell you if you want to be a 
model, you know, this is going to mess with your chances 
as a model or otter any --
A. 
NO. 
0. 
I'm wondering like how much was he giving you 
advice? now much stuff were you really -- what did you 
talk about? 
A. 
After the baby, we didn't really even talk. 'I 
• 
I 
was , 
A was totally -- I ch—. 
YOu know. 1 was a bad 
little girl and I totally changed. My whole litc 
Page 41 
EFTA00592574
--- PAGE 43 ---
l(/l l/J0U( ii.01 hAA 
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Rag@ W64ss 
• 
• 
• 
7007 04-25 
.TX1 
changed. A couple times after I had the baby, 1 brought 
a couple girls there. It was like two times. And then 
me and Jeffrey really stopped talking. we just stopped 
talking. I had my own life and he had his. so 1 don't 
know. 
BY AGENT RICHARDS: 
Q. 
uid hr ever make any arrangements knowing that 
you wanted to be a model or were modeling? Ne has a lot 
of connections with photographers and stuff. I mean. did 
he ever Set up any photo shoots or anything like that? 
A. 
NO. No. because he asked me if I would like to 
l4 
go to pursue what I wanted to do, but like 1 said, for 
the second time --
Q. 
mean in town here, not to travel to New York 
for a shoot or anything? 
A. 
NO. No, because t always like stood back from 
that because i didn't want him to know that T was 16. 
BY MS. BItAFONIA: 
Q. 
Did you ever get money from )effrey when you 
didn't either give a massage or bring a girl over? 
:3 
A. 
YeS. 
Q. 
Okay. When did that happen? 
A. 
I had to pay rent and I was late on my rent. 
rage 42 
EFTA00592575
--- PAGE 44 ---
12/16W9kiaVEM736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Paditqld/d189
2007.04 25 li=.TxT 
Thic was before the baby. An I asked him -- I asked him 
for like 300. He gave me 5500. 
t don't -- I couldn't 
tell you how I got it. if anything. I think I went to 
the house and got it. 
O. 
was he there 
you went to gel the money? 
A. 
NO. 
O. 
Oo you know was he in town or did you call him? 
A. 
I don't even -. I can't remember, but I just 
remember he did give me 1.500 for rent. 
Q. 
was that the only time that he gave you money 
It 
that wasn't connected either to a massage or to bringing 
a girl? 
A. 
NO bought gifts for the baby shower. 
r can't
remember now. NOt off the top of my head, no. t never 
asked him for anything because I just felt -- III not 
like that, you know. I'm not a user and I'm not -- I 
don't like that. I've never asked him for money, so --
Q. 
what about presents, either birthday presents? 
you mentioned gifts tor the baby. Any other gifts that 
he gave you? 
A. 
Yeah, he gave me a -- he had went to Brazil and 
he came back with a whole hunch of bikinis and he told me 
to choose one. so T chose one. 
Q. 
Any other gifts. Christmastime or birthdays or 
anything like that' 
• 
P491: 43 
EFTA00592576
--- PAGE 45 ---
12/lea87915lal!vpdU /36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pad@ IlliSeis9
2007-04-/S IIIIIIITXI 
A. 
NO. 
Q. 
old he give any of your friends that you 
brought gifts? 
A. 
Yeah, the girl who died, B-. 
He gave her 
a bathing suit, too, from Brasil . 
Q. 
We have some telephone numbers that we wanted 
to ask you about. 
BY AGENT RICHARDS: 
Q. 
Just to see if you recognize these or if you 
ever used any of these numbers that might have been old 
telephone numbers for you at some point. T don't know 
how many cell phones you may have had through the years. 
See if you recognize any of 'hose. 
A. 
was my number. 
BY MS. BILAF0NIA: 
Q. 
what was AIIIII.g number? 
A. 
s? 
Q. 
Yeah. 
A. 
what. my baby's father? 
Q. 
Yeah. 
A. 
oh, I never knew his. always I just, you know, 
called him and I never knew his number. 
BY AGENT RICHARDS: 
Q. 
It was programmed in your phone? 
A. 
veah. Su i don't know. T just know 
• 
Page 44 
EFTA00592577
--- PAGE 46 ---
1211 Vigg79:138PMe736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pa WV Ors
• 
• 
2007-04-o I
.TXT 
be(auso that was my old number like a long time ago. 
NY MS. BILAFONIA: 
Q. 
At the time that you wore bringing girls over 
to the house, were you also working a regular job? 
A. 
T worked at City Pizza for a little while, hut 
no. kind of retired and splurged. I didn't have any 
hills to pay. I saved. 1 put money in the hank. so --
ft 
Q. 
we had talked about C 
will betore. Do 
you know someone named C 
A. C' I 
uh huh. 
lI 
Q. 
And who is that? 
A. 
I brought her a couple times. who is that? 
Q. 
T. mean, did you go to school with her or how 
did you know her? 
A. 
oh, I had asked one of my friends. 1 said do 
you have any -- It was a guy friend. I said do you have 
I7 
any girls that are willing to give massages and I met up 
with her. I called her. I talked to her on the phone. 
met up with her and she said yeah. cool. 
Q. 
And you said you took her over there A couple 
of times? 
A. 
Yeah, she went over there more. she went over 
there more than a couple times. 
Q. 
Rut you brought her every time that she went 
over there? 
• 
rage 45 
EFTA00592578
--- PAGE 47 ---
12/11/2007 1.3.50 Fitt 
C
 /36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pa
cifiridr9
• 
• 
• 
2007 04-25 aXT 
A. 
That I know of. That t know or, yeah. 
O. 
okay. Did you ever tell any of the girls that 
they would be going over to model lingerie? 
A. 
No. 
T told them we were going to go Jeffrey's 
S 
house and it's going to be a topless massage pretty much. 
Anything you don't want to do, you don't have to do and 
it's S200, badda-bing, badda-boom. You make $200 in 30 
S 
minutes. 
Q. 
Old any of the girls complain about what 
happened after they left there? 
A. 
NO. You asked me that question. No, everybody 
loved Jeffrey. 
q. 
No one called you and said, I think that you 
should call -- I think that we should call the police? 
IS 
A. 
No. 
O. 
No one told you that? 
A. 
No. no, oh, my Cod. And who is that coming 
trom7 
O. 
We just have phone calls that seem to 
contradict what you're telling us? 
A. 
Oh, so you think that people came to me and 
said that I'm to call the police on Jeffrey? 
BY AGENT RTCHARDS: 
Q. 
Was there anyone that thought that what Mr. 
Lpstein was doing was inappropriate and was concerned 
Page 46 
EFTA00592579
--- PAGE 48 ---
tviegv
9ligm4AL 
our36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Fade GIEM488 
7.007.04-25 
IXT 
about that? 
A. 
Every girl that T brought to Jeffrey. they said 
• 
• 
they were fine with it. And like. for instance. c 
c 
4III, a lot of girls begged me In bring them 
back. They wanted to come back for the money. And as 
far as I know, we all had fun there. we ate al l the 
food. He gave us free bikinis. NO, nothing about any 
cops. 
O. 
I mean, was there anyone that thought what he 
was doing may have been a little bit wrong? Not wanting 
to report to the police, but just saying. you know. 
that's kind of weird? 
A. 
we talked about it like because we were 
underage, but he thought that we were 18. we were like 
IS 
hopeful ly that no one finds out. Hopefully, Jeffrey 
doesn't find out our age. Rut other than that. not 
calling the cops. 
1$ 
tlY MS. tittAfottIA: 
Q. 
was anybody upset that he was masturbating? I 
know that you said you told them that they would possibly 
do the massage topless. They might have expected that. 
was somebody shocked --
A. 
yeah. of course. I mean, he always told them, 
okay. and I told them. too. I said if you're going to go 
there, then you don't have to do anything that you're not 
Page 47 
EFTA00592580
--- PAGE 49 ---
12/11/2007 Lt 58 E au 
AJL 
case 9:08-cv- 
/36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pagi@Vitit99
• 
• 
• 
2001 04 75 
Txr 
comfortable with. A couple girls when they did come out 
of there, they're l ike oh, my God. I wasn't expecting all 
of that, but he always asked them and I asked them. 
they'd say that, you know, he asked me are you 
comfortable with this and 
say yes. Maybe they 
were scared, who know:. But yeah, they came out of there 
like oh, my trod. that was kind of weird, you know, yeah. 
Q. 
were any of them upset about it? 
A. 
On they like regret it or something? 
BY AGCNT RtcmakOS: 
1.1 
Q. 
lust shaken up, you know, just kind of shocked? 
A. 
A couple of girls -- well, see, we were So 
young and Ieffrey didn't know that. Like the whole rhinq 
was shooken up when t brought them there. And see. 1 
don't know 
thought that they were, you know, mast of 
the girls that 1 did firing there, they were 18. 19, 20. 
But I remember there was a couple times that I had 
brought like maybe 16 year olds or something, my age. 
And they -- 1 dun's know. It's like they were scared to 
say that they were 18. They were like what if he finds 
Zl 
out? And they were a little shook up about. that, the age 
thing. But and afterwards like if he climaxed or 
whatever• if they were like shooken up, III like it's 
okay, you know. And they were like oh, I wasn't 
rage 48 
EFTA00592581
--- PAGE 50 ---
12/11/2007 11 58 FAL 
Case 9:08-cv-8L f36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pag@ WM" 
• 
• 
• 
)007 n4-2S 
TXT 
expecting that, but they tol!IIIR ley that, you know, 
they were comfortable with it. tf anything, you know. 
maybe they were scared and they felt like obligated, like 
they didn't want ro say. T was thinking that they didn't 
want to say like no, you know, 1 don't want to do that, 
so who know:. I wasn't up there with them, so I couldn' t 
tell you. 
CV AGENT RTOIAROS: 
Q. 
who were the ladies who mentioned that to you 
who were kind of shocked? 
A. 
usually. the girls that I would bring l ike one 
rime and I wouldn't even see them again. 
Q. 
Can you help me out with some names, though? 
A. 
Huh-uh. no. i can't remember her name. She't, 
on the cop or my 
oh, my cod. 1 don't remember. I 
IS 
can't remember. 
BY MS. RT/ArONIA' 
0. 
None of the girls wanted to go to the 
authorities? Nobody was that uW.el that called you or 
spoke to you that was upset wi th what had happened to the 
7(1 
point that they wanted ro report it? 
A, 
No, no. If anything. thank you. TS 
so much 
because I really could use the money. 
>3 
8Y AGFNU RICHARD'S; 
Page 49 
EFTA00592582
--- PAGE 51 ---
12/1142asW. 91:uo
FAX 
e
.1k5S-cv-au736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 PaV81/499
2007-04 2S -.TXT 
U. 
Do you know the names of some of the girls that 
you brought? 
• 
A. 
uuh? 
Q. 
Do you know the name of some of the girls you 
brought other than the ones that we've talked about right 
now? 
A. 
like I said. I can't remember because usually 
there --
Q. 
There's about 30 of them, co you've got to 
know --
A. 
No, I don't know because there were girls that 
I didn't IIII know so, you know. T just asked them. 
1.1 
said, Hey, would you like to make some money? Here's my 
number. Do you want to III! money? Here's my number, 
you know, and that's how it went. 50 I don't remember 
the names and t real ly didn't' tare in know their names. 
anyway. 
Q. 
Do you know their phone numbers? 
A. 
Now? 
Q. 
Yeah. 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
Do you know any of their phone numbers? 
A. 
No, no, no. that was years ago. 
Page 50 
EFTA00592583
--- PAGE 52 ---
12/11/2007 11'53 FJOL 
case 9:08-cv-au /36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 PadCIE49129
• 
• 
• 
2007-04-25 
2? 
Q. 
we're just trying to find any other ladies out 
there that we haven't already seen and you brought 30 of 
them and we're just trying to -
A. 
I don't know if t brought 30 of them. 
Q. 
Approximate? 
A. 
yeah. No. I have nn clue, no idea. 
RV MS. RILAFONIA: 
Q. 
Did you stay in touch with any of the girls 
that you brought? 
A. 
Huh-uh. 
Q. 
al. 
any of the girls that we've 
talked about? Did you ever when you were either bringing 
girls or when you were giving massages. did you ever 
drink anything or take any drugs, whether it was 
prescription drugs? 
A. 
I heard this on the news, no. It's ridiculous. 
Q. 
You never took any drugs? 
A. 
Never. 
0. 
Did any of the girls take drugs? Did you know 
that they were talking drugs? 
A. 
There was no alcohol. there was no drugs, no. 
0. 
None of the girls that you brought were using 
drugs? 
A. 
NO. 
Page 51 
EFTA00592584
--- PAGE 53 ---
12/1L/20 
11'5S TAY 
eas07 
e 9:u8cv-su736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pa*Ig45499
• 
• 
• 
2007-04-75 
IXi 
71. 
Q. 
And just so you know, Ta. we're not talking 
about necessarily crack cocaine. we're wondering if 
?3 
anybody was taking any prescription mediration? 
A. 
I don't know if they were taking prescription 
medication. That's their problem. I don't know. 
t 
Q. 
And you didn't give anybody else any 
prescription drugs? 
A. 
Nu, no. when I was 16, t smoked pot, hut no. 
(Start of Tape 2.) 
MK. EISENBERG: okay. gang, back on the record. 
And L assume you mean prescription medication not 
for prescription purposes? 
B 
THE WITNESS: I thought you meant like for 
prescription. prescribed. No, I don't know. 
AGENT RIcHARDS: okay. 
it 
BY MS. BItAFON/A: 
Q. 
But you weren't taking any anti-depressantt. or 
1.5 
pills nr anything? 
A. 
No, no, I just smoked pot. Hut I mostly lilt 
there sober. t was comfortable with Jeffrey. Jeffrey 
always made me feel so comfortable. I thought 1 was a 
big girl. I was 16. 
O. 
You said that you stopped. why did you stop 
Page 52 
EFTA00592585
--- PAGE 54 ---
12/11/2007 .1'59 FAx 
ease 9:1u8-cv-ou736-KikNA Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pa*Wildr 8
2007-04-7S 
Txr 
going over there? Thu said !!!, n baby and you 
changed? 
A. 
Yeah. 
Q. 
What happened? 
A. 
rverything changed in my life, everything. 
ended up getting a job and I just stopped. I just 
stopped. I don't know. 
S1 
• 
Q. 
Rut if you felt so comfortable, why did you 
stop going over there? 
A. 
just stopped because I have a son now and 7 
didn't feel like it was right. First off, I was a 
stay-at-home mommy, okay. And what am I going to do, 
bring my son over there to Jeffrey's, no. you know. So I 
focused on my son. I had a beautiful baby boy that was 
my pride and joy. I didn't care for anything else. 
didn't care to tell friends. I dropped all my friends. 
Like he asked me do 7 have any numbers, no, you know. 7f 
anybody does call me. that's my mother. Like it was just 
me and my baby boy and it's been like that ever since. 
BY AGENT RICHARDS: 
Q. 
Having a baby is a life-changing expericnce. 
isn't it? 
A. 
Having a baby? 
l7 
Q. 
Yes. i i's tull-time. 
page S3 
EFTA00592586
--- PAGE 55 ---
12(1112007 
EAI 
case 9:08-cv-au736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 PaatIgieP9
• 
• 
• 
2007 04 25 
TXT 
Ig 
A. 
Awesome, I love it. I love it. 
Q. 
yeah, he'll be two in August. 
A. 
mine will he two in June. 
RV MS. gtiArowtA: 
Q. 
Is that when you started working with the 
company you're working for now? 
A. 
Well. I was -- the whole time I was pregnant. I 
was taken can of by my baby's father. Then I was a 
SZ 
stay at-home mommy for eight months. After that, I 
worked at LA fitness, Romeo Pizza. It's been a year now. 
And what do you mean, is that why I'm working? 
O. 
No. t. just didn't know where you were working. 
I thought you said you had gotten a job afterwards, after 
the baby waS born? 
A. 
veah, I worked at the laundromat for a couple 
of days. I just like to -- I wanted to soak in my son. 
That's all t did and I was like a hermit crab in the 
house, you know. And if anybody -- I told -- 1 told 
Sara. 7 said. you know, I have a baby now and you know, 
III rather stay at home with my baby. My old man was 
taking care of me. I didn't care about money. 
Everylhing was good. so a new life.
RV AGENT RICHARDS: 
Page 54 
EFTA00592587
--- PAGE 56 ---
1"1/3in79!(38W5t5736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Paid1
• 
• 
• 
2007-04 25 
1'x7 
if) 
Q. 
speaking of work, w en you set up appointments 
with sara. did she refer to what the girls were doing as 
work, like would they go over to ieftrey's to work for 
t9 
massage or 
A. 
NO. 
Q. 
-- how did she -- were any terms used nr just 
in general? Did she ask you it you had any girls that 
can work or did you have any girls that can come over? 
Do you have any girls I'll can give a Jeffrey a massage? 
2S 
now did she ask for these appointments? 
A. 
all of the above: lx) you have any girls that 
would like to come over? uo you have any girls that 
would like to work? Yeah, all of the above, really. 
mean, me and Sara were really -- it's like a friend 
relationship. she's fun. No. it wasn't like a specific 
like hey, you know, du you want to come over and work, 
no. It was all different: massage, work, whatever. 
H 
Q. 
Okay. 
BY NS. BILAFONIA: 
Q. 
you said that you and Sara had developed a 
friendly relationship. Did Sara ever tell you what types 
of girls Jeffrey wanted or I think you said that 
sometimes she would say he likes this girl or III sorry. 
he likes this girl? 
Paco s5 
EFTA00592588
--- PAGE 57 ---
12/1t06 79!808vEN5736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pa64 / 17/899
7007 04-25 
TxT 
A. 
Yeah. 
Q. 
what exactly -- what guidance did she give you 
about recruiting the girls? 
A. 
She didn't give me 'I'll'''. Jeffrey from the 
1') 
get-go, I really like women like you. SO when I would go 
searching to make money or whatever or my girlfriends, 1 
know what an attractive person looks like and I would --
would bring them, you know. I didn't bring any 
overweight people. I lust knew what Jeffrey lila you 
know. 
Q. 
Did you ever talk to Sara massages when you 
• 
• 
gave them, what you did, what you would do? 
A. 
muh-uh. I didn't know it she knew or not. 
Q. 
T have a picture of someone and I'm just 
wondering if you recognize this person? 
A. 
NO. Was she a girl that was over there? 
Q. 
Just a face that we wanted to 
A. 
Okay. No. I don't know. 
BY AGENT RICHARDS: 
Q. 
when you would ask the ladies if 
like to 
go over to see Jeffrey, what was the percentage? How 
many people would say sure. that sounds good. let'S go 
do it. And how many would just say, no, I'm not 
nage 56 
EFTA00592589
--- PAGE 58 ---
12/1 1/2007 12:08-:00 FAX 
case 9
cv-au736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 PaVeg/SP9
2007-On-2S 
Tn 
1.3 
. T mean, do you have -- how often when you 
would ask the girls --
A. 
Tr was usually girls thai t brought, the girls 
that 1 had brought like first five girls, say. T would 
say. Listen, you know, recruit your girlfriends and it 
would go down the line. Recruit your girlfriends and 
will pay you guys. So if t was off the wall, say I was, 
you know, at a club or something and .L was like hey. 
girl, do you want to -- 
be like you're crazy, you 
know. 
O. 
That's what t wondered, when you approached 
them what was the reaction? 
ZS 
A. 
Rut when t talked to them over the phone, if it 
5S 
• 
.t 
was one of my girlfriends' friends or one of their 
friends, r would tell them exactly and 
be like 
okay. you know. And some girls weren't comfortable with 
it. YOU know, how your murals are or whatever, if you're 
S 
comfortable with your body, if you're comfortable with 
giving an old man a massage for 5200. 
Q. 
For 30 minutes. 
A. 
You know, everybody is a diff
PerSon. 
Q. 
Sure. 
A. 
Rut most of the girls were 
they were like 
Ll 
yeah, sure, yeah. 
Page 57 
EFTA00592590
--- PAGE 59 ---
iz/11/Z0ur lz 00 t&A, 
Case 9:08-cv-
1736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 PaVgY8r 
• 
• 
• 
2007-04-25 
.TxT 
RY l4S. BILAFONIA: 
Q. 
Did you ever say anything about, you know, be 
careful who you talk to about this or 1 guess III 
wondering why, you know, were rumors going around at 
school or how did everything keep under wraps? 
A. 
Everybody knew. 
i don't know. Everybody made 
la 
jokes about it. like it was not in school. It was more 
like in my neighborhood. They would call me meidi Heish 
and everybody just made jokes about it. I don't know. 
it wasn't -- but I didn't care. 
Q. 
Right. 
A. 
You know, it wasn't if you didn't get nut 
• it 
wasn't really a big thing to me at all. 
Q. 
I guess III just wondering, you know• kind of 
SG 
the way that this all came out was finally a parent tound 
out about it --
A. 
Yeah, I heard. 
Q. 
-- and went ballistic. mow did you keep these 
S 
girls. parents from finding out? 
A. 
I don't know, prohably embarrassing. They 
obviously liked 3effrey that much that they didn't tell 
S 
anyone. 
Q. 
Did anybody hassle you at school? Did anybody 
Page 58 
EFTA00592591
--- PAGE 60 ---
12/11/200 
1.2 00 F.AY_ 
ease79:u8-cy-sor36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Padi1031099 
• 
• 
• 
2007-04 25 IiiiiiITxT 
cal l you Heidi Fleish at schoo . 
A. 
No. no, no, I was out of school by then. No. 
0. 
why did you drop out of school? 
A. 
well, actually, -- why? 
Q. 
I'm Sorry. I interrupted you. 
A. 
Because -- no, you didn't. well, my mother had 
Iti 
took me me put. of school to home-school me. And then 
had went bark to a school because I was really behind 
because she didn't home-school me and I had got pregnant, 
that's why. And that's in the eleventh grade, that's 
2O 
when I gut cwt because I was pregnant. And A decided 
that I was -- I mean. I didn't know what I was doing. I 
wanted to have a house. I said I'm going to have this 
baby. I need to have a house, a car, and I set out all 
my goals and that's what happened. 
But then I ended up 
vetting my GED and I have a life. 
BY AGENT RICHARDS: 
Q. 
were there ever any girls that came to you 
wanting to work over there that said hey. ■ 
like to go 
work over there and make $200 bucks? Did you have any of 
that? 
A. 
uh-huh. 
Q. ' Do you remember any of their names or were they 
classmates or 
Page 59 
EFTA00592592
--- PAGE 61 ---
12/112200 
EAS 
ease79:uo-cv-au736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Pa0 149/098
• 
• 
1007 04 25 
A. 
It wasn't --Tt wasn't involved in the school so 
much. Tt was just that r 
girl in the school. 
It 
Q. 
okay. so she was really the only like 
school-related --
A. 
Like person from school, yeah. 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
Rut it was mostly out of school. So I wasn't 
really hanging out with the best crowd. And all the 
people that I did hang out with, they were dropouts. So 
Is 
it wasn't anything in school. It was mostly like the 
neighborhood people or my friend. one of my guy friends' 
girlfriend or whatever, you know. we were all young and 
stupid, but --
2? 
BY MS. BILAVONIA: 
Q. 
Anything else? Do you have any questions for 
any of us, for me or --
A. 
No, but T hope -- I hope Jeffrey, nothing 
happens to Jeffrey because he's an awesome man and it 
would really be a shame. It's a shame that he has to go 
through this because he's an awesome guy and he didn't do 
nothing wrong, nothing. 
Q. 
Are you in love with him at all? 
A. 
My nod, no. 1 love him as a friend. I love 
Page 60 
EFTA00592593
--- PAGE 62 ---
12/1162m 91:6A pI a, 
biu
c 
736-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 PaWgY8P 
2007 04 2S111111[W 
him as a friend. He has done so much for me. No. I'm 
not in love with him. 
tell 3effrey. do you want to 
marry me with all of the money that you have. 
ill 
AGENT RICHARDS: All right. At this lime, 
we're going to conclude the interview. It is 5:34 
by my watch. 
MR. EISENSERG: ;he only thing we'll correct is 
that there might have been a reference to an old guy 
at 50 and we'll just say a more mature individual 
who may be in his 50s. Thank you. 
(End of the tape.) 
IS 
21. 
2S 
CERTIFICATE 
The State of Florida. ) 
• 
Pane 61 
EFTA00592594
--- PAGE 63 ---
12/11/2007 UL01 DUL 
case 9:us-cv-su /36-KAM Document 403-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Padt tinffs9
2001-04-25 
Txt 
county of palm Reach. ) 
$ 
i. vicki S. woodham. Notary Public. do hereby 
Certify that T was authorized to and did listen to and 
stenographically transcribe the foregoing tape-recorded 
1.3 
proceedings and that the transcript is a true record to 
the best of my ability. 
IS 
Dated this 26th day of April. 7007. 
vicki s. wnndham 
My Commission Expires: 
December 08, 2010 
IS 
COMMisci0O NO.: no617559 
• 
rage 62 
EFTA00592595

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592596.pdf
----------------------------------------
Buyer's and Seller's Combined Closing Statement 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON 
KROBLIN PLLC 
NOTE: This form is li
ed to give you a statement of actual settlement costs. Amounts paid to and by the settlement agent are shown. 
Items marked "( 
" were paid outside the closing; they are shown here for informational purposes and are not included in the totals. 
NAME OF BUYER: 
Great Saint Jim, LLC 
ADDRESS OF BUYER: 
9100 Port of Sale Mall Suite 15, St Thomas, VI 00802 
NAME OF SELLER: 
ADDRESS OF SELLER: 
NAME OF LENDER: 
ADDRESS OF LENDER: 
PROPERTY 
LOCATION: 
, VI 
SETTLEMENT AGENT 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
9100 PORT OF SALE MALL, SUITE 15, ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 (340) 779-2564 
PLACE OF SETTLEMENT 
9100 PORT OF SALE MALL, SUITE 15, ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 
SETTLEMENT DATE- 
SUMMARY OP BUYER'S I HANSA I 
SUMMARY OF SELLER'S i RANSAL 1 ION 
100. GROSS AMOUNT DUE FROM BUYER 
400. GROSS AMOUNT DUE TO SELLER 
101,Contract sales price 
22.500A00.00 401. Contract sales rice 
500.000.00 
102. Personal properly 
402. 
103 Buyer's Expenses fronlmit klinc 1400 
443 600.00 403. 
104. 
_ 
105. 
405.
Adjustmensfor it
s eaid_by seller in advance 
Adjustments for items peal by seller in advance 
106. Citvitown taxes 
to 
406. City/town taxes 
to 
197 County taxes 
t0 
407. County taxes 
J08..AVISSONOIS 
to 
1 As, 
to 
109. 
to 
409. 
to 
to 
410. 
to 
..110. 
111. 
to 
411. 
to 
112. 
to 
412. 
to 
120. GROSS AMOUNT DUE FROM BUYER 
Do 
22,943,600.00 420. GROSS AMOUNT DUE TO SELLER 
IP 
22,500,000.00 
200. AMOUNTS PAID BY OR IN BEHALF OF BUYER 
500. REDUCTIONS IN AMOUNT DOE TO SELLER 
201. Deposit or earnest money 
2,250,000.00 50 L Excess &visit (see instructions) 
1.575.000.00 
2_92,9rincipal amount of new loan(s) 
502. Settlementsharges to scller(line 1400) 
381.250,00 
203. Existing loan(s) taken subject to 
503. Existingtoan(s) taken subject to 
204_ 
504. Payoff of first mortgage loan 
205„_ 
505. Payoff of second mortgage loan 
296. Principal amount of seller financing 
506. Principal amount of
 linancing 
207 _ 
507 Amount_of Deposit retaixtedbylimker 
208. 
_ 
508. 
_ 
_675.000.00 
209. 
509. 
__ 
2998 
5090 
2996 
509b 
AdjUMIllents M°
ims unpaid by seller 
Adjustments lor items unpaid by seller 
210 uty. 
taxes 
t9 
519 citykomm taxes 
to 
/1,1_,_Cmanty taxes 
to 
511Sounly taxes 
to 
212. Assessments 
to 
512. ASSessmenis 
to 
213. 
to 
513. 
to
214. 
to 
514. 
215. 
to 
515. 
to 
216. 
to 
516. 
to 
217. 
to 
Ms 
to 
218. 
to 
518. 
to 
219. 
to 
519. 
to 
220. B.YIAL AMOUN IS PAID 
RY OR IN BEHALF OF BUYER 
an 
2,250,000.vir 520. !VIAL REDI.K.i IONS IN 
AMOUNT DUE SELLER 
2,631,250.00 
300. CASH AT SETTLEMENT FROMITO BUYER 
600. CASII AT SETTLEMINT TO/FROM MIER 
301. Gross amount due from buyer (line 120) 
22,943,600.00 601. Gross amount due to seller (line 420) 
22500.000.00 
302. Less amounts paid by/for buyer (line 220) 
2,250,000.00 602. Less reductions in amount due seller (line 5201 
2.631.250.00 
303. CASH tol From r ! To BUYER 
ilt. 
20,693,600.00 603. CASH 
x: To 
. From 
SELLER lo. 
19,868,750.00 
PAGE I 
9100 PORT OF SALE MALL 
SUITE 15 
ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 
S)Uten. Inc (643174.34S5S Lar Garroted 
CSJ 
EFTA00592596
--- PAGE 2 ---
PAGE 2 
Buyer's and Seller's Combined Closing Statement
coM 
• tett on pr= 
22•5103•000.00S__ 
BUYER'S 
EXPENSES 
SELLER'S 
EXPENSES 
_700—TO_TALSALES/BEDKI.IrS 
Division_orCommissinafollows: 
701 
225.000.00 
to Eri8aA. Kellerhah 
- 
702. 
459,000.00 
to__April_NevilandReal Estate 
paid at Settlement 
(67.5000.006.75.000.00-00) _ 
_703. _Commission 
704 
to 
SOU. Items Payable In Connection With Loan 
1101._Loan Origination Fee 
% 
to 
102- Loan Discount 
% 
to 
-
Appraisal Fee 
to 
.803. 
804. Credit Report 
to 
805. Lender'sInspection Fee_ 
to 
806. Mortgage Insurance Applicakonlee 
to 
807. 
to 
808. 
in
/09. 
____M
. 
to 
.110. 
to 
.111. 
to 
.112. 
113. 
to 
8.19. . 
_ __to 
jo 
. Items Required By Lender to Be Paid In Advance 
901. Interest from 
1/302016_ 
to 
2/1/2016 
i.rt, 
May 
902._t 
for
months to 
903.. 
years 
to 
for 
to_ 
_years 
Reserves 
CPO ete 
en er 
1001. Hazard insurance 
monthse. 
_per month__ 
1002. Mortgage insurance 
month srl 
per month
1003. City_propeny taxes 
month 
per month 
1004—County.propenytaxes____ 
month r, 
—permonth_ 
1005 
assessments_ 
i 
__per.month_______ 
_Annual 
.months 
1006.. 
month
_months 
__per 
1007. 
per month 
_months 
1008. 
month 
- .Months 
_per 
, 
ifthl.• Title Charles 
I I 01._ Settlement or closing fee 
to 
1102
or title search 
to 
-Abstract 
_ _ 
1103-11tle examination 
to_ 
.1104.. Title insurance binder 
___Jo___ 
.1105._Document preparation _ 
to
Notary fees 
to 
• 
• 
.1101. 
1102. 
lees 
to____ 
_Attorney's 
(includes above items numbers: 
-_ 
- 
1108. Title insurance 
WPM, Indies Title, I r
3_2,75(mto 
_ - 
. _ __ . __ _ _ _ 
_to 
(includes abovs:_items numbers: 
1109..1Autleesemerage: 
INS AMT. 
1110.thearfs_CoicratIP: 
INS AMT: 22.3bix6o0.66 _ 
II 10a 
_. 
__ 
—
to 
_W.1 
1112 
to 
_ 
to 
113 
20D. Government Recording and Transfer Chants 
1201-Recording Fees: Deed S 
• 6 . " •  LeMottgage(s)_;S-Ntortgagc(s)-4-Rolooscs 
22.600 00 
i
ts tax/stamps-
Ntortgage(s) 1 S-Mon(1 0)
1201 State tax/stamps.. 0 .- • ii •7401vu II ;Letvtongaggs,
S-i 
lax! 
381.2.50.00 
381.250.00 
1204. 
IN: Additional Settlement Charges 
J391-Survey 
to 
1102 Pest Inspection 
to 
to 
1304 
to
393attxtflosporation 
1105 
to 
1106. 
to 
— 
1307. 
In 
_— 
1308. 
to 
1306. 
to 
1400. Total Settlement Charges 
(enter on Buyer line 103, and on Seller line 502, Page I ) 
Illo 
443,600.00 
381,250.00 
CPRTIPICATI(hvr
A 
I have carefully reviewed this Settlement Statement and to the best of my knowledge ana nem. it is a true and accurate statement of all receipts and 
disbursements made on my account or by me in this transaction. I runlier certify that I have received a copy of this Settlement Statement. 
Great Saint Jim, LW 
R 
Erika Kellerhals, Manager 
Buyer 
Buyer 
016 
- 
Seller 
- 
Seller 
DATE:  1110)2016 
GSJ 
EFTA00592597
--- PAGE 3 ---
BUYER: Great Saint Jim. LLC 
SELLER: 
PROPERTY ADDRESS: 
, VI 
BALANCE SHEET 
FILE NUMBER: GSJ 
SETTLEMENT DATE: 
1/30/2016 
SCHEDULE OF INCOMING FUNDS 
Due From Buyer 
TOTAL INCOMING 
S 
20,693,600.00 
FUNDS 
20,693,600.00 
SCHEDULE OF DISBURSEMENTS 
CK NO 
PAYEE 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
West Indies Title LLC 
Government of the Virgin Islands 
Title Insurance 
39,750.00 
Record Deed 
22,600.00> 
785,100.00 
Deed Documentary Stamps 
762.500.00/ 
SALES PROCEEDS 
19,868,750.00 
TOTAL OUTGOING FUNDS 
20,693,600.00 
LOAN SUMMARY 
SELLER CLOSING STATEMENT SUMMARY 
LOAN AMOUNT 
Leas Items Held By 
Lender 
SUBIOTAL 
Plus Deposits Paid To 
Lender 
AMT DEP BROKER RETAINED 
*MT DEP LEFT IN ESCROWS 
PLUS BAL DUE SELLER 
SUBTOTAL 
LESS SELLER EXPENSES 
22,500,000.00 
22,500,000.00 
2,631,250.00 
NET CASH TO SELLER 
PLUS HUD 40.1404 & 405 
19,868,750.00 
NET LOAN PROCEEDS 
TOTAL DUE TO SELLER 
19,868,750.00 
ITEMS IN CONNECTION WITH LOAN THAT 
I.ENDER REQUIRES TO BF. DISBURSED 
FROM NET LOAN PROCEEDS 
BUYER CLOSING STATEMENT SUMMARY /CASH RECAP 
BUYER EXPENSES 
LESS BUYER CREDITS 
22,943,600.00 
2,250,000.00 
TRANSACTION SUMMARY 
NET DUE FROM BUYER 
LESS LOAN &/Cift CREDITS 
SUBTOTAL 
PLUS LOAN EXPENSES TO BE 
PAID FROM NET PROCEEDS 
20,693,600.00 
20,693,600.00 
i OTAL INCOMING FUNDS 
i O IALOUTGOING FUNDS 
20,693,600.00 
20,693,600.00 
BALANCE IN ESCROW 
.00 
FUNDS DUE FROM BUYER 
20,693,600.00 
EFTA00592598

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592599.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592599.pdf
----------------------------------------
Table of Contents 
As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 23,2009 
Registration No. 333-150141 
UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
Amendment No. 2 
to 
FORM S-1 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 
APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Delaware 
(State or other jurbdiction or 
incorporation or oryranica(isO 
tExaci name of registrant ax specified in its charter) 
6282 
tPrimary Standard Industrial 
Classification Code Numberl 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
West 57th Street, 43rd Floor 
New York. New York 10019 
20.8880053 
0.R S. Employer 
Identification Numberl 
(Add rm. including tip code. and telephone number. including area code. or registrant's principal executive ollices) 
John J. Suydam, Esq. 
Chief Legal Officer 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
West 574b Street, 43rd Floor, 
New York. New York 10019 
(Name. address. including zip code, and telephone number, including area code. or agent for ttnivei 
Copies of Communications to: 
Monica K. Thurmond, Esq. 
O'Melveny & Myers LLP 
Times Square 
New Yo 
New York 10036 
Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement. 
If any securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. 
check the following box. ❑x 
If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list 
the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. K 
If this Fonn is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities 
Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. K 
If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities 
Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. K 
If delivery of the prospectus is expected to be made pursuant to Rule 434. check the following box. K 
The Registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the 
registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance 
with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting 
pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. 
EFTA00592599
--- PAGE 2 ---
Exhibit 10.27 
FIRST AMENDMENT AND JOINDER. dated as of August 18.2009 (this "Amendment- ), to the SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT 
(the "Agreement") of APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, LLC. a Delaware limited liability company (the "Company"), dated as of July 13. 2007. 
by and among the Company. AP Professional Holdings. L.P., BRH Holdings. L.P., Black Family Partners, L.P., MJR Foundation LLC, Leon D. Black, 
Marc J. Rowan, and Joshua J. Harris. and, solely in connection with Article VII of the Agreement. APO Corp.. APO Asset Co.. LLC, Apollo 
Principal Holdings I, L.P.. Apollo Principal Holdings II, L.P., Apollo Principal Holdings III. L.P.. Apollo Principal Holdings IV. L.P. and Apollo 
Management Holdings. L.P. 
WHEREAS, the Company. the Principals and the holders of the majority of the outstanding Registrable Securities (collectively, the 
"Amending Parties-) wish to amend certain terms of the Agreement relating to (i) the indemnification obligations of the Company Indemnifying 
Parties, (ii) the manner by which Shareholders may become party to the Agreement and (iii) the definition of Registrable Securities for purposes of 
Section 8.8(a) of the Agreement: 
WHEREAS, MJH Partners. L.P., a Delaware limited partnership and a member of JH's Group ("MJH Partners"), has acquired an 
ownership interest in Holdings and agrees to become party to the Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof: 
WHEREAS, each of Apollo Principal Holdings V, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. Apollo Principal Holdings VI, L.P., a Delaware 
limited partnership. Apollo Principal Holdings VII. L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, Apollo Principal Holdings VIII. L.P.. a 
Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership and Apollo Principal Holdings IX, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership have become 
members of the Apollo Operating Group and Section 7.3 of the Agreement requires the Company to cause any new member of the Apollo 
Operating Group to agree to be bound by Article VII of the Agreement: and 
WHEREAS. APO (FC), LLC. an Anguilla limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. has acquired 
ownership interests in each of Apollo Principal Holdings VII. L.P. and Apollo Principal Holdings IX, L.P. and agrees to be bound by Article VII of 
the Agreement. 
EFTA00592600
--- PAGE 3 ---
NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the terms of Section 8.8(a) of the Agreement, and in consideration of the above premises, and for 
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Amending Parties agree as follows: 
1.1 Defined Terms. 
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Agreement. 
1.2 Amendments.
(a) The Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating Section 7.1 of the Agreement to read in its entirety as follows: 
"Section 7.1 Indemnification of Principals. The Company Indemnifying Parties hereby agree to indemnify, jointly and severally, to the 
fullest extent permitted by law. each Principal (and each member of such Principal's Group) for all amounts (including all costs and expenses 
incurred or paid by such Principal that relate to investigating the basis for, or objecting to any claims made in respect of, such Principal's 
guaranties) that such Principal is required to pay pursuant to such Principal's (A) personal guaranties of the obligations of the general 
partners of Apollo Investment Fund IV, L.P. (together with its Co-Investing Entities (as defined in the limited partnership agreement of 
Apollo Investment Fund IV, L.P.), "Fund IV"). Apollo Investment Fund V. L.P. (together with its Co-Investing Entities (as defined in the 
limited partnership agreement of Apollo Investment Fund V. L.P.). "Fund V") and Apollo Investment Fund VI. L.P. (together with its Co-
Investing Entities (as defined in the limited partnership agreement of Apollo Investment Fund VI. L.P.), "Fund VI") to repay incentive income 
received by the Company or any of its Affiliates, whether received before or after the date hereof, in the event certain specified return 
thresholds are not ultimately achieved by such Fund, and (B) obligation to repay loans made to such Principal by the general partner of Fund 
IV. Fund V or Fund VI, as applicable, with proceeds from certain loans made or to be made in lieu of carried interest distributions otherwise 
payable by Fund IV, Fund V or Fund VI to its respective general partner. BRH shall reasonably determine whether a loan was made in lieu of 
carried interest distributions otherwise payable by Fund IV, Fund V or Fund VI to its respective general partner for purposes of this 
Section 7.1. The Company shall advance to the Principals any amount payable pursuant to this Section 7.1; provided, that if the Principal 
pays any such amount directly. the Company shall reimburse each Principal for such amount paid by such Principal within two business 
days of receiving reasonable evidence from such Principal that he has paid any amount that is covered by the indemnification set forth in 
this Section 7.1.-
(b) The Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating Section 7.2 of the Agreement to read in its entirety as follows: 
"Section 7.2 Indemnification of Other Professionals. The Company Indemnifying Parties hereby agree to indemnify, jointly and 
severally, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each Other Professional for such Other Professional's Indemnifiable Percentage of all 
amounts (including all costs and expenses incurred or paid by such Other Professional that relate to investigating the basis for, or objecting 
to any claims made in respect of, such Other Professional's guaranties) that such Other Professional is required to pay pursuant to such 
Other Professional's (A) personal guaranties of the obligations of the general partners of Fund IV. Fund V. and Fund VI to repay incentive 
income received by the Company or any of its Affiliates, whether received before or after the date hereof, in the event certain specified return 
thresholds are not ultimately achieved by such Fund and (B) obligation to repay loans made to 
EFTA00592601
--- PAGE 4 ---
such Other Professional by the general partner of Fund IV, Fund V or Fund VI, as applicable, with proceeds from certain loans made or to be 
made in lieu of carried interest distributions otherwise payable by Fund IV, Fund V or Fund VI to its respective general partner. BRH shall 
reasonably determine whether a loan was made in lieu of carried interest distributions otherwise payable by Fund IV, Fund V or Fund VI to 
its respective general partner for purposes of this Section 7.2. The Company shall advance to the Other Professionals any amount payable 
pursuant to this Section 7.2: provided, that if the Other Professional pays any such amount directly, the Company shall reimburse each Other 
Professional for such indemnifiable amount (pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence) paid by such Other Professional within two 
business days of receiving reasonable evidence from such Other Professional that he has paid any amount that is covered by the 
indemnification set forth in this Section 7.2." 
(c) The Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating Section 7.3 of the Agreement to read in its entirety as follows: 
"Section 7.3 Company Actions. The Company shall (i) cause any new member of the Apollo Operating Group to agree to be bound by 
this Article VII and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any indemnification payments made by the Company Indemnifying 
Parties hereunder to be made (A) first, jointly and severally, by Apollo Principal Holdings I. L.P. and Apollo Principal Holdings III, L.P. prior 
to any other Company Indemnifying Party making any indemnification payment, (B) second, jointly and severally, by Apollo Principal 
Holdings II, L.P., Apollo Principal Holdings IV, L.P., Apollo Principal Holdings V, L.P., Apollo Principal Holdings VI, L.P., Apollo Principal 
Holdings VII, L.P., Apollo Principal Holdings VIII, L.P. and Apollo Principal Holdings IX, L.P. (and any new member of the Apollo Operating 
Group formed to serve as holding vehicles for Apollo carry vehicles or other entities formed to engage in the asset management business) 
prior to any other Company Indemnifying Party making any indemnification payment, (C) third, by Apollo Management Holdings. L.P. prior 
to any other Company Indemnifying Party making any indemnification payment. and (D) fourth, jointly and severally, by the other Company 
Indemnifying Parties." 
(d) The Agreement is hereby amended to include a new Section 2.5, which will read in its entirety as follows: 
"Section 2.5 Additional Shareholders. Subject to the terms herein, any Person not originally a Shareholder may, in the sole discretion of 
the Company. become a Shareholder under this Agreement by executing a joinder pursuant to which such additional Shareholder agrees to 
be bound by the terms of this Agreement. which joinder shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Company and effective upon 
execution by the Company." 
(e) The Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating Section 8.8(0 of the Agreement to read in its entirety as follows: 
"Section 8.8 Amendments: Waivers. 
(a) No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived unless such amendment or waiver is in writing and signed. (i) in the 
case of an amendment, by the Company. the Principals and the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Registrable 
EFTA00592602
--- PAGE 5 ---
Securities (solely for purposes of this Section 8.8(a), Registrable Securities shall also include any Operating Group Units exchangeable for 
Class A Shares (whether or not such Operating Group Units are vested or subject to transfer restrictions)), and (ii) in the case of a waiver, by 
the party against whom the waiver is to be effective; provided, that such amendment or waiver which adversely affects any party to this 
Agreement and is prejudicial to such party relative to all other parties (other than the Company) cannot be effected without the consent of 
such party." 
1.3 Joinder to the Agreement. 
(a) NOB Partners hereby agrees that upon execution of this Amendment, it shall become a party to the Agreement and shall be fully 
bound by, and subject to, all of the covenants, terms and conditions of the Agreement as though an original party thereto. 
(b) Pursuant to Section 7.3 of the Agreement, each of Apollo Principal Holdings V. L.P., Apollo Principal Holdings VI. L.P., Apollo 
Principal Holdings VII, L.P., Apollo Principal Holdings VIII. L.P., and Apollo Principal Holdings IX. L.P hereby agrees to become a party to the 
Agreement solely in connection with Article VII of the Agreement and shall be fully bound by. and subject to. all of the covenants, terms and 
conditions of Article VII of the Agreement (as amended hereby) as though an original party thereto and shall be deemed a member of the "Apollo 
Operating Group" and a "Company Indemnifying Party" for all purposes thereof. 
(c) APO (FC), LLC hereby agrees to become a party to the Agreement solely in connection with Article VII of the Agreement and shall 
be fully bound by. and subject to. all of the covenants. terms and conditions of Article VII of the Agreement (as amended hereby) as though an 
original party thereto and shall be deemed a "Company Indemnifying Party" for all purposes thereof. 
1.4 No Other Amendments or Waivers; Integration. 
Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, enforceable in accordance with 
its terms. Except as specifically set forth herein, this Amendment is not a consent to any waiver or modification of any other term or condition of 
the Agreement or any of the instruments or documents referred to in the Agreement and shall not prejudice any rights that the parties thereto may 
now or hereafter have under or in connection with the Agreement or any of the instruments or documents referred to therein. Except as specifically 
set forth herein, this Amendment shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with the terms of the Agreement. 
1.5 Governing Law. 
THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF 
DELAWARE (WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF). 
1.6 Counterparts and Facsimile Execution. 
This Amendment may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts. including by facsimile transmission, and each 
such counterpart hereof shall be deemed to be an original instrument, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one agreement. 
EFTA00592603
--- PAGE 6 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered, all as of the date first set forth 
above. 
AP PROFESSIONAL HOLDINGS, L.P. 
By: 
By: 
BRH Holdings GP. Ltd. 
its General Partner 
/s/ John J. Suydam* 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President 
/s/ Leon D. Black 
Leon D. Black 
/s/ Marc J. Rowan 
Marc J. Rowan 
/s/ Joshua J. Harris 
JoshuaJ. Harris 
MJH PARTNERS, L.P. 
By: 
MJH Family. LLC 
its General Partner 
By: 
Is/ Joshua J. Harris 
JoshuaJ. Harris 
Member 
Acknowledged and Agreed: 
APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, LW 
By: AGM Management. LLC. 
its Manager 
By: BRH Holdings GP. Ltd.. 
its Sole Member 
By:  Is/ John J. Suydam* 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President 
EFTA00592604
--- PAGE 7 ---
Agreed and acknowledged solely in connection with 
Article VII of the Agreement: 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS I, L.P. 
By: Apollo Principal Holdings I GP. LW. 
its General Partner 
By: /5/ John J. Suydam* 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President and Secretary 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS H L.P. 
By: Apollo Principal Holdings II GP. LW, 
its General Partner 
By:  /s/ John J. Suydam* 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President and Secretary 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS HI L.P. 
By: Apollo Principal Holdings III GP, LLC, 
its General Partner 
By: /s/ John J. Suydam* 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President and Secretary 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS IV L.P. 
By: Apollo Principal Holdings IV GP. LW. 
its General Partner 
By:  /s/ John J. Suydam* 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President and Secretary 
EFTA00592605
--- PAGE 8 ---
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS V, L.P. 
By: Apollo Principal Holdings V GP. LLC, 
its General Partner 
By: Is/ John J. Suydam* 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS VI, L.P. 
By: Apollo Principal Holdings VI GP, LLC, 
its General Partner 
By:  /s/ John J. Suydam* 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS VII, L.P. 
By: Apollo Principal Holdings VII GP, Ltd., 
its General Partner 
By: /s/ John J. Suydam* 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President 
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS VIII, L.P. 
By: Apollo Principal Holdings VIII GP. Ltd.. 
its General Partner 
By: /s/ John J. Suydam* 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President 
EFTA00592606
--- PAGE 9 ---
APOLLO PRINCIPAL HOLDINGS IX, L.P. 
By: Apollo Principal Holdings IX GP. Ltd.. 
its General Partner 
By: Is/John J. Suydam* 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President 
APOLLO MANAGEMENT HOLDINGS, L.P. 
By: Apollo Management Holdings GP. LLP. 
its General Partner 
By:  /s/ John J. Suydam* 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President and Secretary 
APO ASSET CO., LLC 
By: /s/ John J. Suydam* 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President and Secretary 
APO CORP. 
By: /s/ John J. Suydam* 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President and Secretary 
APO (PC), LLC 
By: /s/ John J. Suydam* 
John J. Suydam 
Vice President and Secretary 
* The undersigned executes this amendment on behalf of each of the entities listed above with an asterisk following his name, solely in his 
capacity as an officer of such entities. 
/s/ John J. Suydam 
John J. Suydam 
EFTA00592607

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592608.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592608.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL OF FLORIDA 
FOURTH DISTRICT 
CASE NO. 4D15-4527 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Appellant, 
v. 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and 
PAUL G. CASSELL, 
Appellees. 
APPEAL FROM THE SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF 
FLORIDA IN AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY 
INITIAL BRIEF OF APPELLANT 
PAUL MORRIS 
Law Offices of Paul Morris, P.A. 
9350 S. Dixie Highway 
Suite 1450 
i 
Florida Bar No. 
Counsel for Appellant 
EFTA00592608
--- PAGE 2 ---
INDEX 
TABLE OF CITATIONS.  
 ii 
STATEMENT OF THE CASE AND FACTS.  
SUMMARY OF THE ARGUMENT. 
ARGUMENT. 
THE TRIAL COURT SHOULD HAVE QUASHED THE 
SUBPOENA SERVED UPON EPSTEIN BASED UPON THE 
NONRESIDENT IMMUNITY RULE; ALTERNATIVELY, THE 
MATTER SHOULD BE REMANDED FOR AN EVIDENTIARY 
HEARING. 
CONCLUSION 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE.  
CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE. 
i 
EFTA00592609
--- PAGE 3 ---
TABLE OF CITATIONS 
CASES 
Allan v. Hill, 502 So. 2d 7 (Fla. 4th DCA 1986). 
 1, 5 
Curran v. Curran, 362 So. 2d 1042 (Fla. 4th DCA 1978) 
Edwards v. Epstein, No. 4D14-2282, 2015 WL 7008070 (Fla. 4th DCA Nov. 12, 
2015).  
Garfinkel v. Katzman, 76 So. 3d 40 (Fla. 4th DCA 2011) 
Keveloh v. Carter, 699 So. 2d 285 (FIa. 5th DCA 1997) 
 7, 8, 9 
Latta v. Latta, 654 So. 2d 1043 (Fla. 1st DCA 1995). 
Lawson v. Benson, 136 So. 2d 353 (FIa. 3d DCA 1962).  
Lee v. Stevens of Florida, Inc., 578 So. 2d 867 (FIa. 2d DCA 1991). 
McDougald v. Jenson, 786 F.2d 1465 (11th Cir. 1986) 
Minick v. Minick, 111 Fla. 469, 149 So. 483 (1933). 
Munsell v. Bludworth, 474 So. 2d 1286 (Fla. 4th DCA 1985) 
Panama City Gen? Partnership v. Godfrey Panama City Investment, LLC, 109 So. 
3d 291 (Fla. 1st DCA 2013).  
Rorick v. Chancey, 130 Fla. 442, 178 So. 112 (1937), vacated on other grounds on 
rehearing, 142 Fla. 298, 195 So. 422 (1939). 
Snyder v. McLeod, 971 So. 2d 166 (FIa. 5th DCA 2007). 
State ex rel. Cox v. Adams, 148 Fla. 426, 4 So.2d 457 (1941) 
EFTA00592610
--- PAGE 4 ---
Stokes v. Bell, 441 So. 2d 146 (Fla. 1983).  
Talton v. CU Members Mortg., 126 So. 3d 446 (FIa. 4th DCA 2013) 
Texas v. Florida, 306 U.S. 398, 59 S.Ct. 563, 83 L.Ed. 817 (1939).  
Walker v. Harris, 398 So. 2d 955 (Fla. 4th DCA 1981). 
Wolfe v. Foreman, 128 So. 3d 67 (Fla. 3d DCA 2013). 
OTHER AUTHORITIES 
Fla. R. App. P. 9.130(a)(3)(C)(i). 
Section 61.021, Florida Statutes 
Section 61.052(2), Florida Statutes. 
iii 
EFTA00592611
--- PAGE 5 ---
STATEMENT OF THE CASE AND FACTS 
Appellant Jeffrey Epstein appeals a non-final order entered by the Broward 
County Circuit Court. (App. 1-2). The order, which denies Epstein's motion to quash 
a subpoena issued in a Broward County case in which he is not a party, determines 
jurisdiction over his person. This Court has jurisdiction. See Fla. R. App. P. 
9.130(a)(3)(C)(I); see also Garfinkel v. Katzman, 76 So. 3d 40 (Fla. 4th DCA 2011); 
Allan v. Hill, 502 So. 2d 7 (Fla. 4th DCA 1986). 
Epstein and Appellee Bradley J. Edwards are opposing parties in an unrelated 
Palm Beach County Circuit Court case in which summary judgment was entered in 
favor of Epstein.' Epstein was ruled entitled to attorney's fees. Mediation was held 
in Palm Beach County in an attempt to settle the attorney's fees matter. At the 
mediation, Edwards served Epstein with a subpoena duces tecum to appear for a 
deposition and produce documents in reference to Edwards v. Dershowitz, a case 
pending in Broward County Circuit Court in which Edwards is a plaintiff. (App. 3-6). 
Epstein is not a party in the Broward County case which is unrelated to the Palm 
' In granting summary judgment, the trial court ruled in pertinent part that 
Edwards' malicious prosecution claim against Epstein was barred by the litigation 
privilege pursuant to Wolfe v. Foreman, 128 So. 3d 67 (Fla. 3d DCA 2013).On 
appeal by Edwards, this Court reversed, certifying conflict with Wolfe. See 
Edwards v. Epstein, No. 4D14-2282, 2015 WL 7008070 (Fla. 4th DCA Nov. 12, 
2015). 
EFTA00592612
--- PAGE 6 ---
Beach County case. Epstein moved to quash the subpoena on the ground that as a 
resident of the United States Virgin Islands attending a court proceeding in Palm 
Beach County, he was immune from service in an unrelated Broward County case. 
(App. 7-26). Edwards filed no response. 
At the hearing on Epstein's motion to quash held October 22, 2015, Edwards 
acknowledged that Epstein is "legally domiciled" in the United States Virgin Islands. 
(App. 34). Nevertheless, Edwards argued that Epstein was served "in a county and 
state in which he regularly resides, so he has not been served outside of the area of 
his residence." Id. In purported support of his argument, Edwards contended that 
Epstein testified in a deposition that he owns residences in various locales, including 
Palm Beach, and provided the trial judge with a "partial transcript" of the deposition. 
(App. 34, 37-8). Epstein offered to provide the court with an affidavit he recently 
signed stating he is a legal resident of the United States Virgin Islands. (App. 38). 
The trial judge responded: "I don't know. Let me take a look and I'll let you know." 
Id. 
On October 27, 2015, the trial judge's judicial assistant sent an electronic 
communication to the parties that the motion to quash was denied on the ground of 
insufficient evidence of nonresidency and requesting that Epstein submit a proposed 
written order. (App. 40). On October 30, 2015, Epstein moved for reconsideration and 
EFTA00592613
--- PAGE 7 ---
provided the trial court with documentary and testimonial proof of his residency in 
the United States Virgin Islands. (App. 41-63). The proof included the deposition 
testimony referenced by Edwards at the hearing on the motion to quash in which 
Epstein testified in the Palm Beach County case as follows: 
Q. Would you please state your full name and your current residence 
address? 
A.
 Jeffrey Edward Epstein. And my residence is 6100 Red Hook 
Boulevard in Virgin Islands. 
Q. Do you maintain any other residences presently? 
A. I have vacation homes in New Mexico, Palm Beach, New York, and 
Paris. 
(App. 55) (emphasis supplied). 
Epstein also provided an affidavit attesting; he is a legal resident of the United 
States Virgin Islands and has been for many years; he owns vacation homes in Florida 
and elsewhere but his permanent residence is in the United States Virgin Islands; 
when he was served, he was not a resident of Palm Beach County and had no 
intention of making it his domicile; and his current and valid driver's license and 
voter registrations cards reflect his United States Virgin Islands residency. (App. 60-
1). Epstein submitted his United States Individual Income Tax Returns for 2010 and 
2011 (reflecting his residence as 6100 Red Hook, St. Thomas, United States Virgin 
Islands) (App. 56-7), voter's registration card (same) and driver's license (same) 
(App. 62-3), and the Final Judgment entered in the Palm Beach County case stating 
EFTA00592614
--- PAGE 8 ---
his United States Virgin Islands address. (App. 58). 
On November 2, 2015, the trial judge entered a written order denying the 
motion to quash "due to insufficient proof that Mr. Epstein is a non-resident." (App. 
1-2). On November 9, 2015, the trial court entered a written order summarily denying 
Epstein's motion for reconsideration without stating any reason. (App. 64-5). Epstein 
timely filed his notice of appeal on November 23, 2015. 
SUMMARY OF THE ARGUMENT 
The undisputed evidence establishes that Epstein's permanent residence and 
domicile is in the United States Virgin Islands. The undisputed evidence also 
establishes that Epstein was served with a subpoena duces tecum to testify and 
provide evidence in a case in Broward County in which he is not a party, and that 
service was effected while Epstein was attending mediation in an unrelated Palm 
Beach County Circuit Court case. Service was invalid pursuant to the nonresident 
immunity rule which provides that a nonresident who enters the jurisdiction to attend 
a judicial proceeding either as a party or witness is immune from service of process 
while attending the proceeding and for a reasonable time before and after going to the 
proceeding and in returning to his home. Reversal of the denial of Epstein's motion 
to quash is therefore warranted. 
EFTA00592615
--- PAGE 9 ---
ARGUMENT 
THE TRIAL COURT SHOULD HAVE QUASHED THE SUBPOENA SERVED 
UPON EPSTEIN BASED UPON THE NONRESIDENT IMMUNITY RULE; 
ALTERNATIVELY, THE MATTER SHOULD BE REMANDED FOR AN 
EVIDENTIARY HEARING! 
The well-settled nonresident immunity rule is that a nonresident who enters the 
jurisdiction to attend court either as a party or witness is immune from service of 
process while attending court and for a reasonable time before and after going to 
court and in returning to his home. Stokes v. Bell, 441 So. 2d 146 (Fla. 1983); State 
ex rel. Cox v. Adams, 148 Fla. 426, 4 So.2d 457 (1941); Rorick v. Chancey, 130 Fla. 
442, 178 So. 112 (1937), vacated on other grounds on rehearing, 142 Fla. 298, 195 
So. 422 (1939); Lawson v. Benson, 136 So. 2d 353 (Fla. 3d DCA 1962). The rule 
applies to attendance at an alternative dispute resolution proceeding, see, e.g., Lee v. 
Stevens of Florida, Inc., 578 So. 2d 867 (Fla. 2d DCA 1991), service of a subpoena 
duces tecum, see, e.g., Allan v. Hill, supra, and service of an investigative subpoena, 
see, e.g., Munsell v. Bludworth, 474 So. 2d 1286 (Fla. 4th DCA 1985).3
Standard of Review: See Talton v. CU Members Mortg., 126 So. 3d 446, 
446 (Fla. 4th DCA 2013) ("A trial court's ruling on a motion to quash service of 
process is a question of law subject to the de novo standard of review.") 
An exception to the rule allows service of process in litigation incidental or 
correlated with subject matter of the proceeding at which the nonresident is 
served. Munsell, 474 So. 2d at 1286. "This exception is strictly limited, however, 
EFTA00592616
--- PAGE 10 ---
Epstein was attending a mediation in connection with the Palm Beach County 
case wherein Epstein and Edwards are parties when Edwards served him with a 
subpoena duces tecum in connection with Edwards v. Dershowitz, an unrelated case 
pending in Broward County Circuit Court in which Epstein is not a party. Epstein 
moved to quash the subpoena on the ground that he is a resident of the United States 
Virgin Islands and therefore immune from service under the nonresident immunity 
rule. At the hearing on the motion to quash, Edwards correctly stated that Epstein's 
domicile was in the United States Virgin Islands, but incorrectly argued that Epstein 
was properly served at the mediation because Epstein testified at a deposition that he 
owns a "residence' in Palm Beach. Epstein offered to provide to the trial judge proof 
of his permanent residency in the United States Virgin Islands. The trial judge 
indicated he would "take a look" and reserved ruling. Shortly thereafter, the judge's 
judicial assistant emailed the parties that the judge was denying the motion based 
upon insufficient evidence of Epstein's nonresidency and requested a proposed 
written order from Epstein. 
Epstein filed a motion for reconsideration and submitted his tax returns, voter's 
to instances in which there is an identity of parties and issues between the two 
proceedings." Id. The exception does not apply here. Epstein is not a party to the 
Broward County case. Moreover, the claims and issues in that case and those in 
the Palm Beach County case are fundamentally different. 
EFTA00592617
--- PAGE 11 ---
registration card, affidavit, and driver's license, all reflecting that he is a resident of 
the United StatesVirgin Islands. Epstein also provided his deposition testimony in 
which he explained that he resides in the United States Virgin Islands but maintains 
vacation homes (and not "residences" as claimed by Edwards) in Palm Beach and 
elsewhere. The trial court thereafter entered a written order denying Epstein's motion 
to quash based upon insufficient evidence of nonresidency, followed by a written 
order denying the motion for reconsideration without stating any reason.' Reversal 
is warranted because the record establishes that Epstein's permanent legal residence 
and domicile is the United States Virgin Islands. Epstein was therefore immune from 
service in the Broward County case in which he is not a party, while attending 
mediation in the unrelated Palm Beach County case. 
In Keveloh v. Carter, 699 So. 2d 285 (Fla. 5th DCA 1997), a father obtained 
a temporary custody order in Florida. The mother, a resident of Illinois, moved to 
quash the order and dismiss the father's proceeding for lack of personal and subject 
matter jurisdiction. When the mother appeared at the courthouse in Florida to attend 
'The original nonfinal order denying the motion to quash and the order 
denying reconsideration are both properly before this Court for review as both 
were filed within 30 days of the trial court's original nonfinal order. See Panama 
City Gen? Partnership v. Godfrey Panama City Investment, LLC, 109 So. 3d 291 
(Fla. 1st DCA 2013). 
EFTA00592618
--- PAGE 12 ---
an evidentiary hearing on her motion, she was served with process. The trial court 
denied her motion and entered an order determining paternity and custody. 
On appeal by the mother, the Fifth District, citing the nonresident immunity 
rule, held that because the mother appeared specially in Florida to contest the 
jurisdiction of the Florida courts, "it would be incongruous to allow service of 
process during this time." Id. at 288. In determining the mother was not a Florida 
resident, the Fifth District engaged in the following analysis: 
A person may have several temporary local residences but can have only 
one legal residence. Walker v. Harris, 398 So. 2d 955 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1981). A legal residence or "domicile" is the place where a person has 
fixed an abode with the present intention of making it his or her 
permanent home. Minick v. Minick, 111 Fla. 469, 149 So. 483 (1933); 
Latta v. Latta, 654 So. 2d 1043 (Fla. 1st DCA 1995); Walker. Once 
established, a domicile continues until it is superseded by a new one. A 
domicile is presumed to continue, and the burden of proof ordinarily 
rests on the party asserting the abandonment of one domicile to 
demonstrate the acquisition of another. Texas v. Florida, 306 U.S. 398, 
S.Ct. 563, 83 L.Ed. 817 (1939); McDougald v. Jenson, 786 F.2d 
1465 (11th Cir.), cert. denied, 479 U.S. 860, 107 S.Ct. 207, 93 L.Ed.2d 
137 (1986). 
Keveloh, 699 So. 2d at 288. Finding that the record evidence showed the mother was 
an Illinois resident, which evidence included her Illinois driver's license, the Fifth 
District concluded that the father failed to show that the mother "changed her 
domicile to Florida" or that her visits to Florida "prove[d] a settled intention to make 
Florida her permanent home." Id. at 289. 
EFTA00592619
--- PAGE 13 ---
Similarly here, for the purpose of determining personal jurisdiction, Epstein 
can have only one legal residence or domicile, defined by where he has fixed an 
abode with the present intention of making it his permanent home. Edwards was 
correct in stating that Epstein is domiciled in the United States Virgin Islands. That 
Epstein maintains vacation homes in Palm Beach and elsewhere fails to show that he 
changed his domicile to Florida or that he has a settled intention to make Florida his 
permanent home, thereby rendering service invalid under the nonresident immunity 
rule. Keveloh.5
Alternatively, in the event this Court determines there is a good faith dispute 
as to any material fact, the order under review should be reversed and the cause 
remanded with directions to conduct an evidentiary hearing. 
Keveloh was quoted with approval in Snyder v. McLeod, 971 So. 2d 166 
(Fla. 5th DCA 2007) in which the court observed: "The issue of residency most 
often arises in divorce cases because section 61.021, Florida Statutes, requires that 
one of the parties must reside in Florida for six months before a dissolution 
petition can be filed. The analysis in dissolution cases is therefore instructive. 
Under section 61.021, Florida residency is defined as an `actual presence in 
Florida coupled with an intention at that time to make Florida the residence. Thus, 
temporarily residing in Florida without a present intention to make Florida one's 
legal residence is not sufficient to establish Florida residency. E.g., Curt-an v. 
Curt-an, 362 So. 2d 1042 (Fla. 4th DCA 1978). Additionally, section 61.052(2) 
provides that proof of a valid Florida driver's license and voter registration may be 
used to corroborate the Florida residency requirement in section 61.021." Id. at 
169. Epstein's driver's license and voter registration card list the United States 
Virgin Islands as his place of residence. 
EFTA00592620
--- PAGE 14 ---
CONCLUSION 
Epstein requests reversal of the order under review and remand with directions 
to quash the subpoena duces tecum. Alternatively, Epstein requests reversal and 
remand with directions to conduct an evidentiary hearing. 
Respectfully submitted, 
LAW OFFICES OF PAUL MORRIS, M. 
9350 S. Dixie Highway 
Suite 1450 
111.1
Fla. Bar No. 
(primary) 
(secondary) 
s/ Paul Morris 
PAUL MORRIS 
Counsel for Appellant 
EFTA00592621
--- PAGE 15 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of this brief was emailed to the counsel listed 
below this 7th day of January, 2016. 
SERVICE LIST: 
Jack Scarola, Esquire 
Counsel for Appellees 
Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Trial Counsel for Appellant 
Kendall B. Coffey, Esquire 
Thomas Scott, Esquire 
Steven Safra, Esquire, 
Richard A. Simpson, Esquire 
Kenneth A. Sweder, Esquire 
Mary Borja, Esquire 
s/ Paul Morris 
PAUL MORRIS 
II 
EFTA00592622
--- PAGE 16 ---
CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that this brief is submitted in Times New Roman 14-
point font. 
s/ Paul Monis 
PAUL MORRIS 
EFTA00592623

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592624.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592624.pdf
----------------------------------------
Luna 
r DATE 
Matthew Kieffer 
8168 Crown Bay Marina 
310 480 
St. Thomas. VI 00802 
MIL 
BILL TO 
Great St. Jim, LLC. 
Erika A. Kellerhals 
Member 
Kellorhals Ferguson Kroblin PLLC 
9100 Pod of Sale Mall Suite 15 
Si ThnmsK VI nc1A(12 
Invoice 
DATE 
INVO CE 
02/22/2016 
1051 
ACTIVITY 
Week starting 0210712016 
02/12/2016 Project Management 
Project Forman Additional Work: 3 Days 0 8 Hours - 24hrs @ S2i2ehr (Dates 2/10. 2/11. VI 2) 
02/13/2016 Reimbursement 
Boal Fuel 
Week starting 02/14/2016 
02/16/2016 Reimbursement 
Two Replacemenl Fenders I Damaged From Dock Rough Seas O GSJ Dock Overnights 
02/16/2016 Reimbursement 
Parking 
02/18/2016 Project Management 
GSJ Final Weeks (Less 224,16 payment of $1.250.00) 
02/19/2016 Project Management 
Project Forman Additional Work: 4 Days O 8 Hours - 32hrs 
620,1hr (Dates 2/16. 217. 2,18. 2n9) 
TERMS 
Net 30 
AMOUNT 
480.00 
173.41 
170.32 
58.00 
3.750.00 
640.00 
$5.271.73 
EFTA00592624

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592625.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592625.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
INVOICE 
Generated: Mon. 01 February 2016 17:03:29 
Page t of 2 
Invoice 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
Invoice Information 
Ticket Date 
Invoice 
Customer Number 
Feb 2016 
47607 
0312002713 
Invoice Passenger Name(s) 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03.69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Your invoice contains ticketed airline information. Please see your itinerary for full trip details. 
The Baggage Rules of NORWEGIAN AIR apply to this itinerant. and can be accessed by visiting 
httOS://mvarnextravel.conVbalciacit 
Payment Detail 
Invoice Total 
USD457.10 
Flight Information 
Charge by American Express Travel 
Charges 
457.10 
Ticket Number 
7748743408 
Passenger Name 
Airline 
NORWEGIAN AIR 
Original Ticket Numbor(s): 7745475372 
Flight Details 
Feb 2016 DY7016 B Class 
New York-Kennedy/London-Gatwick 
Credit Card Information 
Ticket Base Fare 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
Total Ticket Amount 
332.00 
0.10 
457.10 
Charged to Card 
PA )0000000000(3001 
Amount 
USD 457.10 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at vrvnv.allianzcom. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Page 1 of 2 
Invoice UXSVSD 
- ERKAN 
M.4PRESS 
EFTA00592625
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 2 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise. accommodations, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services including. without limitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your tnp regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Fntry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you pedodcaty review www.Visacentratcomramex for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel 
destesation. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any hatility for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Alr Transportation Important arsine ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit https://myamextravelcomistatic/conditions for more information. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard stash in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include expbsives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles tamed in yo.:• luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your online representative or visit 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or 
failures of equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fees. earthquakes, floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease. accidents or failures related to the pubic internet, telecommunications lines or facilities. or third party technology systems, or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppliers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as ricenbves for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing channels. participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppiers and these arrangements. ricluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppiers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a daim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than 550 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A daim must include sufficient documentation to prove your claim 
and a 535 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: wiwricrcido.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within dirty (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
California CST#1022318. Washington UBISE00-469-694. Iowa TA4669. 
Page 2 of 2 
Invoice UXSVSD 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00592626

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592627.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592627.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Fri. 22 January 2016 11:02:39 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page 1 of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 06-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Ticket DY 3287745475372-21JAN' 
Thursday 04 Feb 16 
CITIZENS OF ITALY MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Meal 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Norwegian Air Shuttle 
DY7016 
New York. 
John F Kennedy International 
London. 
London Gatwick 
10:30 PM 
10:00 AM / 05 Feb 2016 
Terminal 1 
Terminal South 
V Economy Class 
11G 
Additional Messages 
- Spec Request 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 30 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 787-8 
Meal 
Food-Bev/Pur 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
2PC 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary UXSVSD 
Z
2,,VE
EXP
EFTA00592627
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival, when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a $100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at 'LeIIW atm-r 
f.--
To book your stay. visit amertcanexpress.comlfhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cal Centurion Travel Service for details 
•• Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at www.allianzcom. Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includng, without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your tip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Fntry and Fxit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review wiew Visacential cnmrames for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit reoirements for your travel 
destnation. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Air Transportation Important Stine ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit https://myamextravelconVstatic/conditions for more information 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carnage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. conceives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases, oxygen bottles. and radio-pharrnactivticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of meckcina' arc,. toilet articles carried in you' luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit 
' at'
 zrrat_s ‘Pt',.' 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense a damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations, accidents or 
failures of equipment or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fees. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the pubic intemet telecommunications lines or facilities. or third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you n finding travel suppliers and malting arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppers to you and recommendie specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
oaten suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to tore may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them 
access to our marketing channels. participating in marketing programs and succoring technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppler& and these arrangements, ncluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are sited to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
• 
ORM& This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located rh California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a dam with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed $15.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your claim 
and a $35 processee fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 600t: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: unwricrcido.org. 
Page 2 of 3 
Itinerary UXSVSD 
AMERICAN 
BCPRE SS 
EFTA00592628
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thity (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless tie 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
California CST#1022318. Washington USIt600d69-694. Iowa TAg669. 
Page 3 of 3 
Itinerary UXSVSD 
AMERI h,
EXPRESS 
EFTA00592629

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592630.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592630.pdf
----------------------------------------
A. Settlement Statement 
us. Department of Housing 
A INia 
and Urban Development 
, r
OMB Approval No. 2502-0265 
B. Type of Loan 
In FHA 2.1'] FmHA 3. NI Cony. Unins. 
4.O VA 
5.O Cony. Ins. 
6. File Number 
CERGE-97SMITHBY 
7. Loan Number 
8. Mortgage Insurance Case Number 
C. NOTE: This form jaarnislied to give you a statement of actual settlement costs. Amounts paid to and by the -ettlement agent are shown. 
Items marked "if=.1" were paid outside tie closing: they are shown here for informational purposes and are not included in the totals. 
D. NAME OF BORROWER: 
Ann M. Rodriquez 
ADDRESS OF BORROWER: 6014 Estate Smith Bay, St Thomas, VI 00802 
E. NAME OF SELLER: 
Inger Cerge and Shandra M. Brown and Caeli A. William and Derrick Edmund Cerge 
ADDRESS OF SELLER: 
lin. Box 2594, St Thomas, VI 00803 
F. NAME OF LENDER: 
ADDRESS OF LENDER: 
C. PROPERTY 
Parcel No. 97 Estate Smith Bay 
LOCATION: 
St Thomas, VI 00802 
H. SETTLEMENT AGENT: 
BIRCH DE JONGH & HINDELS,_PLLC 
1330 ESTATE TAARNEBJERG, ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 (340) 774-1100 
PLACE OF SETTLEMENT: 
1330 ESTATE TAARNEBJERG, ST. THOMAS, VI 00802 
I. SETTLEMENT DATE: 
it 
I 
K. SUMMARY 01. SELLER S I RANSAL I ION 
1(81 GROSS AMOUNT DUE FROM BORROWER 
40() (ROSS AMOUNI DUI: TO SELLER 
101 Contract sales price 
300 000 00 401 Contract sales price 
300 000 (R0 
102. Personal property 
402. Personal property 
103. Settlement charges to borrower (line 14001 
3,456.00 403. 
104. 
404. 
105. 
Adjustments for items paid by seller in advance 
Adjustments for items paid by seller in advance 
106. City/town taxes 
to 
406. City/town taxes 
to 
107. County taxes 
to 
407. County taxes 
to 
108. Assessments 
to 
408. Assessments 
to 
109. 
to 
409. 
to 
110 
to 
410. 
to 
III 
to 
411. 
to 
II/ 
to 
412 
to 
120. GROSS AMOUNT DUE FROM BORROWER 
303,456.00 420. GROSS AMOUNT DUE TO SELLER 
300,000.00 
200. AMOUNTS PAID BY OR IN BEHALF OF BORROWER 
500. REDUCTIONS IN AMOUNT' DUE TO WI t FR 
201. Deposit or earnest money 
000.00 501. Excess -... it see instructions 
000.00 
202. Principal amount of new loan(s) 
474 00 
203 Existing 'califs) taken subiect to 
204 
205 
206 Principal amount of seller financing 
207. 
000 00 
208. 
209. 
209a 
20% 
Adjustments for items unpaid by seller 
210. City/town taxes 
to 
211. County taxes 
to 
212. Assessments 
to 
213.2017 Prop Taxes 
1/1/2017 to 
2/9/2017 
194.48 
I 
I 
I 
194.48 
214._ 
to 
215. 
to 
216_ 
to 
217. 
to 
218 
to 
3E. 
to
' 
LOCAL AMOUN IS PAR) 
BY OR IN BEHALF OF BORROWER 
30,194.48 
II 1 4 NI 1 
• 
AMOUNT DUE SELLER 
37,668.48 
300. CASH AT SETTLEMENT FROM) TO BORROWER 
6(X) CASH AT SETTLE.SIENT TO/FROM SELLER 
301. Gross amount due from borrower (line I 0) 
303 456 00 601. Gross amount due to seller (line 420) 
300 000 00 
Levis amounts paid by/for borrower (line /01 
194 48 60/ Less reductions in amount due seller (line POI 
668 48 
303. CASH gl From O To BORROWER 
00. 
273,261.52 603. CASH 
Ng To 
O From 
SELLER po. 
262,331.52 
PAGE I 
01061Dithq Spas. Ise. (MI) 70-5555. le Ciativlad 
HUD-I (346) RESPA. HB 4305.2 
EFTA00592630
--- PAGE 2 ---
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT 
SETTLEMENT STATEMENT 
PAGE 2 
L. Settlement Charges 
700 TOTAL SALES/BROKER'S COM based on puce 
300 000 00 @ 
6.00 % — 
18000 00 
Paid From 
Borrower's 
Rinds At 
Settlement 
Paid From 
Seller's 
Rinds At 
Settlement 
Division of Commission (line 700) as follows' 
701 
00000 
to SeaGlassPropertiee 
702 
to 
703. Conumssion_paid at Setdement 
(18000 OILJ8000.00
.00) 
to 
M. Items Payable In Connection With Loan 
SO I 
I ou Origination Fee 
% 
to 
802 Loan Discount 
% 
to 
joi_A p 'raise' Fee 
CO 
804 Credit Re ort 
to 
805 Lender's lhsncctton Fee 
to 
Fee 
to 
_806Mortgagelisurance_Applirminn 
1107 
808 
to 
809 
to 
810 
to 
to 
_811 
ill 
to 
813 
to 
814 
to 
o 
Items Required By Lender To Be Paid In Advance 
901 Interest from 
2/9/2017 
to 
1IlP017 
(I 
/day 
902. Mortgage Insurance Premium for 
months to 
903 Hazard Insurance Premium for 
years 
to 
904 
years 
to 
years 
to 
alll. Reserves Deposited With Lender 
1001. Hazard insurance 
months@ 
per month 
1007 Mortgage insurance 
months® 
per month 
1003 City property taxes 
months® 
per month 
1004. County
 taxes 
months® 
per month 
1005 
Annual 
assessments 
months® 
per month 
1006. 
months@ 
per month 
1007 
months® 
per month 
1008. 
months@ 
per month 
it ..._ 
I i Title Charges 
1101. Settlement or closing fee 
to 
1102 Lbstnct or title search 
to 
Hal Title. examination 
to 
1104 Title insurance_binder 
to
1105 Document preparation 
to 
1106.  Notary fees 
to 
1107 Attorneyifees 
to Ruck de Iongh & Huidels.P1-Le 
445.00 
(includes above items numbers. 
IJncludes Expenses: 5951 
1108 Title insurance 
to West Indies Title 
I 1 I" 
(includes above items
1109. Lender's Coverage: 
INS AMT: 
Mt 
1110 Owner's Coverage. 
INS AMT. 300.000.00
IIIGa 
till 
to 
1112. 
to 
1113 
to 
Government Recordina an 
er 
rats 
■elnelurlot• 
Ineti Pf)A 
BA 
1201. Recording Fees- Deed 5316.00; L-Mortgagets) 
• S-Mortgage(s) 
• Releases 
316.00 
29.00 
1202._Cityleountvaxistamx:Deed __a) 
1/03 Sit tinslamps• famed So 00.0aLsMorrgagew4Sattortgaggs) 
00000 
1204. 
11303. Additional Settlement Charges 
1301—Bayer:s_Atty_Fees/Costs 
to Kellelvds Ferguson Kmhlin PT T C 
1102 Rnyer cnrvey - As Ruilt 
to Marvin Ftemin • 
Accoriatec 
.1;fr 
1303. 
to 
BM 
to 
1305 
to 
1306 
to 
1307 
to 
1308. 
to 
1309. 
to 
1400. Total Settlement Charges 
(enter on lines 103. Section J and 502. SectionK) 
3,456.00 
7,474.00 
** 
CERGE.97SMITHBY 
EFTA00592631
--- PAGE 3 ---
HUD-1 Settlement Statement Signature Page 
Certification 
I have carefully reviewed the HUD-1 Settlement Statement and to the best of 
my knowledge and belief, it is a true and accurate statement of all receipts and 
disbursements made on my account or by me in this transaction. I further certify that I 
have received a copy of the HUD-1 Settlement Statement. 
Ann M. Rodriquez 
Borrower 
inf
owieggis,AAsii rlifor loges rg 
ta 
DeCnIeteamund Cerge 
Seller 
The HUD-1 Settlement Statement which I have prepared is a true and accurate 
account of this transaction. I have caused or will cause the funds to be disbursed in 
accordance with this statement. 
BIRCH, DE JONGH & HINDELS, PLLC 
Settlement Agent 
02/09/17
bate 
WARNING: 
It is a crime to knowingly make false statements to the United 
States on this or any other similar form. Penalties upon conviction can include a fine 
and imprisonment. For details see: Title 18 U.S. Code Section 1001 and Section 1010. 
File #: 
CERGE-97SMITHBY 
Loan #: 
Mortgage Ins. Case #: 
EFTA00592632
--- PAGE 4 ---
BALANCE SHEET 
BUYER: Ann M. Rodriquez 
FILE NUMBER: CERGE-97SMITHB1 
SELLER: Inger Cerge and Shandra M. Brown and Caeli A. William and Derrick Edmund 
SETTLEMENT DATE: 
219/2017 
Cerge 
PROPERTY ADDRESS: 
Parcel No. 97 Estate Smith Bay 
St Thomas. VI 00802 
SCHEDULE OF INCOMING FUNDS 
Due From Buyer 
TOTAL INCOMING 
$ 
273261.52 
FUNDS 
273,261.52 
SCHEDULE OF DISBURSEMENTS 
CK NO 
PAYEE 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
Kellehals Ferguson Kroblin PLLC Buyer's Any Fees/Costs 
2265.00 
875.00 
316.00 
6,000.00> 
29.00 
6345.00 
I .445.00 
262.331.52 
FUNDS 
273,261.52 
West Indies Title, LLC 
Premium 
Government of the VI 
Record Deed 
Deed Documentary Stamps 
Sellers' POA 
___ 
Birch. de Jongh & Hindels. PLLC Attorneys Fees 
Inger Cerge and Shandra M. Brown and Cae 
SALES PROCEEDS 
TOTAL OUTGOING 
LOAN SUMMARY 
SELLER CLOSING STATEMENT SUMMARY 
WAN AMOUNT 
Less Items Held By 
Lender 
SUBTOTAL 
Plus Deposits Paid To 
Lender
AMT DEP BROKER RETAINED 
AMT DEP LEFT IN ESCROWS 
PLUS BAL DUE SELLER 
meanoco 
SUBTOTAL 
300,000.00 
LESS SELLER EXPENSES 
37.668.48 
NET CASH TO SELLER 
262,331.52 
PLUS HUD 403.404 & 405 
NET LOAN PROCEEDS 
TOTAL DUE TO SELLER 
262,331.52 
ITEMS IN CONNECTION WITH LOAN THAT 
LENDER REQUIRES TO BE DISBURSED 
FROM NET LOAN PROCEEDS 
BUYER CLOSING STATEMENT SUMMARY / CASH RECAP 
BUYER EXPENSES 
303,456.00 
LESS BUYER CREDITS 
30.194.48 
TRANSACTION SUMMARY 
NET DUE FROM BUYER 
273,261.52 
LESS LOAN &/OR CREDITS 
SUBTOTAL 
273,261.52 
PLUS LOAN EXPENSES TO BE 
PAID FROM NET PROCEEDS 
I aTAL INCOMING FUNDS 
273,261.52 
I DIAL OUTGOING FUNDS 
273,261.52 
BALANCE IN ESCROW 
.00 
FUNDS DUE FROM BUYER 
273,261.52 
EFTA00592633

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592634.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592634.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 337 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/31/2015 Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:08.80736-Civ-Marra/Johnson 
JANE DOE #1 and JANE DOE #2 
v. 
UNITED STATES 
JANE DOE NO. 1 AND JANE DOE NO. 2'S NOTICE OF WITHDRAWAL OF 
REQUEST FOR FURTHER NAMES FROM THE GOVERNMENT 
COME NOW Jane Doe No. I and Jane Doe No. 2 (the "petitioners"), by and through 
undersigned counsel, to file this notice that that they have conferred with the Government and 
obtained the information that they need, at this time, about the names of individuals that the 
Government confirmed to be Jeffrey Epstein's sex abuse victims at the time it negotiated the non-
prosecution agreement (NPA). 
The Court had ordered the Government to confer with petitioners' counsel regarding 
disclosure of Jeffrey Epstein's victims' names. DE 330 at 24. The Government conferred with 
counsel, and that conferral confirmed, in general terms, that petitioners' counsel already had 
knowledge of the names of the persons the Government identified to be victims. And, indeed, the 
conferral indicated that petitioners' counsel had knowledge of the names of many other victims as 
well. The Government, however, believes it needs additional direction from the Court before 
producing a formal list of victims' names. The Government has advised the Court, without 
supporting legal argument or citation of authority, that disclosing the names to petitioners' counsel 
would violate state and federal law. DE 332 at 4. The Government also informed the Court that 
EFTA00592634
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 337 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/31/2015 Page 2 of 4 
"to avoid unnecessary litigation," it was "attempting to determine whether any of the named 
individuals will consent to the disclosure of their names and whether the petitioners are already 
aware of some (or all) of the names." DE 332 at 4. 
The reason for alerting the Court to this development is that on July 24, 2015, counsel for 
several sex abuse victims of Jeffrey Epstein, filed a statement that they did not want their identities 
disclosed to petitioners' counsel at this time. DE 335 at 1. In light of that statement, on July 27, 
2015, the Court entered a supplemental order indicating that the Government need not disclose the 
names of victims to petitioners' counsel until the Court has evaluated the Government's position 
that doing so would violate federal and state law. DE 336 at 2. 
In the interest of avoiding the need for the Government to draft a brief on this issue, for the 
petitioners to respond, and for the Court to rule, petitioners' counsel now notifies the Court that 
they are withdrawing their request for further production of names from the Government at this 
time. Petitioners now believe that their list of victims includes all of those identified by the 
Government, and then some, making this debate unnecessary. 
The petitioners do not concede that disclosure of the names would violate any (unspecified) 
federal or state law.' In fact, it is essential that petitioners have the names of each identified victim 
for the purposes of completely and adequately prosecuting this action. And, should a future dispute 
or other circumstance making a missing name relevant to these proceeding arise, the petitioners 
With regard to federal law, court-ordered disclosure of sex abuse victims names to legal 
counsel occurs regularly, for example when the name is provided to defense counsel in a sex abuse 
case. And with regard to state law, the Supremacy Clause, U.S. Const. art. VI, would necessarily 
dictate that a federal court order requiring production would supersede any conflicting state law. 
Petitioners' counsel would request that opportunity to provide additional briefing on these points 
should the Court wish to rule on these issues. 
EFTA00592635
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 337 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/31/2015 Page 3 of 4 
reserve the right to reassert their request for the names to be formally provided by the Government. 
But at this juncture, it appears that no further litigation on this point is required.2
CONCLUSION 
In light of Jane Doe No. 1 and Jane Doe No. 2's withdrawal of their request for the 
Government to produce names to their counsel, the petitioners respectfully submit that the Court 
need not take any further action on this issue. 
DATED: July 31. 2015 
Respectfully Submitted, 
/s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, ■. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone 
Facsimile 
E-mail: 
And 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah' 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake it 
4112 
Telephone 
Facsimile: 
E-Mail: 
Attorneys for Jane Does No. 1, 2, 3 and 4 
The Court has also ordered that "under no circumstances shall [a] victim's name appear 
in nay court document unless filed under seal." DE 336 at 2. Petitioners' counsel are aware of 
this order and will, of course, scrupulously abide by it. 
This daytime business address is provided for identification and correspondence purposes 
only and is not intended to imply institutional endorsement by the University of Utah 
EFTA00592636
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 337 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/31/2015 Page 4 of 4 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document was served on July 31, 2015, on the following using the 
Court's CM/ECF system and/or U.S. mail: 
Dexter Lee 
A. Marie Villafafia 
500 S. Australian Ave., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Fax:U 
E-mail: 
E-mail 
Attorneys for the Government 
And on 
Robert C. Josefsbea 
Podhurst Orseck, 
City National Bank Bldg. 
W. Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
Attorneys for Settled Victims 
/s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00592637

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592638.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592638.pdf
----------------------------------------
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
FOI/PA 
DELETED PAGE INFORMATION SHEET 
FOI/PA# 1203982-1 
Total Deleted Page(s) = 503 
Page 1 - b3; 
Page 2 - b3; 
Page 3 - b3; 
Page 4 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 5 
b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 6 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 7 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 8 
b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 9 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 10 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 11 
b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 12 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 13 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 14 - b3; 
Page 15 - b3; 
Page 16 - b3; 
Page 17 - b3; 
Page 18 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 19 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 20 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 21 - b3; 
Page 22 - b3; 
Page 23 - b3; 
Page 24 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 25 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 26 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 27 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 28 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 29 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 30 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 31 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 32 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 33 - b3; 
Page 34 - b3; 
Page 35 - b3; 
Page 36 - b3; 
Page 37 - b3; 
Page 38 
b3; 
Page 39 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 40 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 41 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 42 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 43 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 44 - b3; b6; b7C; 
Page 45 - b3; 
Page 46 - b3; 
Page 47 - b3; 
Page 48 - b3; b6; b7C; 
EFTA00592638

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592639.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592639.pdf
----------------------------------------
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
FOI/PA 
DELETED PAGE INFORMATION SHEET 
FOI/PA# 1203982-1 
Total Deleted Page(s) = 2 
Page 1 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Page 2 - b6; b7C; b7D; 
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX 
X 
Deleted Page(s) 
X 
X 
No Duplication Fee X 
X 
For this Page 
X 
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX 
EFTA00592639

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592640.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592640.pdf
----------------------------------------
Untail - Hetteroads 
Page I of I 
Gm 
Betteroads 
message 
Mon ue Ha 
<moniqueharry@hotrnal corn> 
To 
<Isi island©gmail corn> 
Hope this help 
Betteroads field measurement used to produce quote 
160 x 14 = 2240' 
x 14 = 840' extended entrance 
460 x 14 = 6440' 
9520 sq fti9 = 1057 77 sq yard 
they rounded it to 1060 sq yard 
Asphalt will take 3 days 
Concrete will take 5 days 
the boss gave me 14 x 150 = 2100 sq ft 9 = 234 sq yard (gym road) 
MONIQUE HARPY 
7),IX/4Vd CA1 
AINQ 
,U 
Cr 
IX
Fn Sep 7 2012 at 2:06 PM 
Ao to Nesk 4 (id daie EQ
9/7/2012 
EFTA00592640

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592641.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592641.pdf
----------------------------------------
WV
.
PRO-FORMA INVOICE 
INVOICE NO. 
INVOICE DATE 
I14541 
10/19/2017 
ORDER NO. SALESPERSON PROJECT 
TYPE 
TERMS 
VIA 
R23954 
Martin Grubman 9 East 7 I st Street 
BILL TO 
Della Cruz 
East 71st Street 
New York, NY 10021 
212-249-1122 
SHIP TO 
Della Cruz 
East 71st Street 
New York, NY 10021 
212-249-1122 
Ordr Ship UOM 
Cat No. 
Description 
Hand Finish 
Unit Price 
Total 
Each 
22424 
No. 2424 Knot Knob - 2 114" fit to own spindle. 
Polished 
Brass No 
Lacquer 
$850.00 
$1700.00 
SALES TAX AUTHORITY SALES TAX RATE 
RESALE 
New York City 
.08875 
TOTAL DUE 
Invoice Notes: 
RE: M. Guerin Hardware Estimate, 9 East 71st Street, Revision 0 
SUBTOTAL 
$1,700.00 
DISCOUNT 
Less 20% 
SHIPPING 
$40.80 
NYS TAXABLE TOTAL 
S1,400.80 
SALES TAX 
$124.32 
LESS PAYMENTS 
$0.00 
PROCESSING FEE 
$0.00 
$1,525.12 
CHARGES MADE FOR MODELS, PATTERN 
ThOLS IX) NOT CONVEY THERic:Kr TO REMOVE111P.M FROM OUR POSSESSION 
CLAIMS FOR DFSICIENCIES MUST BE MADE WITHIN FIVE DAYS AFTER RECEIPT OF GOODS. NO ALLOWANCE FOR BREAKAGE. 
A STORAGE CHARGE OF I4,% Will. BE APPIJED AFTER SIXTY IMO DAYS 
P. E. Cur 
JANE &nor, NKr Yon, NY 10014 
PI/OusRLOON 
Myr Yon 
O.c&oo 
SAN Pwasco 
Los ANGERS 
Daum 
PAM Bum 
EFTA00592641

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592642.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592642.pdf
----------------------------------------
DEFENDANT BRADLEY J. EDWARDS'S STATEMENT OF UNDISPUTED FACTS 
Epstein v. Edwards, et al. 
Case No.: 50 2009 CA 040800.1OOO34BAG 
EXHIBIT EE 
EFTA00592642
--- PAGE 2 ---
.3
,3 
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
I 
• 
F 
DATE 
TIME 
je 
01/1 
4-teer 
.. ••-• M. 
OF 
PHONE/ 
MOBILE 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
. RUSH 
RETURNED YOURCAU_ 
' 
SPECIAL ATTENTION. 
MESSAGE  
_L. need cy ht 
JyOLS byI 1 do J. 
• 
a 
SIGNED 
I 
 1164 
EFTA00592643
--- PAGE 3 ---
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
e 
3.2. 
DATE 
TIME 
M 
a. 
OF 
ra0893 a# 116 -I / CO ,e) 
Ceti 
TELEPHONED 
a PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
At 
t 5ittAmti L 
MESSAGE 
Fl
AC " , ,2264-n 
x Cy, 600i 
(or 
vou an/ me pi, a 
I. 
11,41 
P. -, 
you 
SIGNED 
Eli
184 
EFTA00592644
--- PAGE 4 ---
I 
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
e 
4141-/, 
/OS 
T1/ME03, Wgti
DATE _A 
M 
wee S 
ion 
/Or>, aV -> 
OF 
MI 
E/ 
M  
VOL.( 
ha. Ve . i 
MOBII r 
f 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL. 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
j
MESSAGE 
-Pf, 
C IA 3 e 
WE I/1sµ
64 L  i
I 
SIGNIrD 
)184 
EFTA00592645
--- PAGE 5 ---
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
fi
fi
l
DATE 25- 04/
ri 0V5-  TIME 11.•43 
. ir /3-) 
1, ,x4e..,,, 0 
r 
OF 
PHONE/ 
HOME 
TE1EPH0NF_D 
K 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
hSPEC1AL ATTENTION 
letEssitay/ 
Ade 
0.3 
-A 
e 
her? 
itAe for 74
thr
tn-17-friefril ha
-.3 
n.1-
A,C,--  
, 7 
if_jc I' 
/ 
ka-5 
nti rn dce i Ls-
a 
SIGNED 
H664 
EFTA00592646
--- PAGE 6 ---
1
a 
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
ye 
i
l
r 
DATE 
fl i R-
TIME C2_31-1 
M !toyer 27,L (1 c se I-117 ei fri 
OF 
_ 
PHONE/ 
MOBILE 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MF 
nr 
C741 5 ..
vin 
rTaer,67 
,
a 
SIGNED 
ii /34 . 
EFTA00592647
--- PAGE 7 ---
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
DATE  
gli
°  f D --SC 
 TIME 
M  6. n. 
PM 
OF 
PHONE/ 
MOBILE 
TELEPHONED 
1"SSE CALL
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WI 
CALLAGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSHLL 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE  ./}40/4.6:2 
cleoe 
e 
al 
a_l 
SIGNED 
lb 
••• 
••• 
• 
••• 
1154 
;. 
EFTA00592648
--- PAGE 8 ---
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR  /ere)/ 
DATE C 22/
57
-  
 TIME L-71Ln 
kt_e.Z:eala -  
c. 
OF 
PHONE/ 
y ,
Cq 
• 
1„7„__ 
MOBILE 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
• 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE 
CO/in 
• 
ornc. c-,;_t L2,-) , _ _ 
otAtcpcLi4 
SIGNED  
• 
a 
178 
EFTA00592649
--- PAGE 9 ---
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
J: 
-
ir 7 
.DATE 
/ 2  eyoS" 
nta It 40 cie 
141 arocge Ali-hilt/ 
OF 
' 
.PHONE/ 
MOBILE 
TELEPHONED 
I PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE 7 e 1 a fro 
ea n 
SAO2966 
. 
sioNgo- • Tr :
1184 
• 
EFTA00592650
--- PAGE 10 ---
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
Y. C. . 
DATE  
) 3.I t? 5 
 nut 91
 ''.;2 :6 g? 
PA  
Vid
"2/2 
rs 
OF 
MOBILE 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME 70 SEE YOU/ - 
WILL CALL AGAIN
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH • 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE 
:He 
is nOl evadable 
hi  
)hl 
n&w 
kV/ I I r4l1 IN it M. 
7___kt 0_44 rs 
EFTA00592651
--- PAGE 11 ---
I 
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
DATE  
7 
-  
 TIME 
JA,'L4A_RELS
C
C 
OF 
• 
`2h 
PHONE/ 
MOBILE 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
r
_.
WANTS TQ SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
_ SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE 
EFTA00592652
--- PAGE 12 ---
' [IMPORTANT NMtSSAGE. 
FOR 
- S . 
• 
M 
DATE 
‘ \ 2. 2 
') 
To.% 
. 
a 
AM.
M Y 
.I> 
IA, C 
CO )9"
,
f Cr jce) 
i A 
OF 
PHONE/ 
MOBILE 
TELEPHONED 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
fi
~
CALL 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
I PUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
' • 
MESSAGE 
. 
% T S . 
• 
. .. 
• 
J 
v 
—3 ecl< roA 
• . 
. 
a 
WNW 
• 
• 
' 
AO 
EFTA00592653
--- PAGE 13 ---
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
DATE 
TIME 
PM 
C. 
IN,  e.v. le, 
OF 
PHONE 
MOBILE 
TELEPHONED 
' PLEASE CALL 
■ 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
■ 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
■ 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
■ 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE 
1.--\ {2, Ld_lrw t a. v, lc . .vr.., 
V-v•ok, NJ,. M i-Gif ok \.1,e, 
-, 
Loi,3 6 
.v..t..ft , 
ell-ol 19y 1I
A_ 23:cs
bz,de
f-A_ 
a 
SIGNED 
IIM 
EFTA00592654
--- PAGE 14 ---
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
TELEPHONED
a
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS ID SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RE-TURNED YOUR CMS 
SPECIALATTENTION 
EFTA00592655
--- PAGE 15 ---
IMPORTANT MESSAGE. 
FOR 
µ5.•-1 
• 
DATE 
Li i CIO 5
- 
11ME 
Z  
Mr 
CO-1/1  lL)eNc kne‘•-• 
OF 
PHONE/ 
( 
\ tn., \4 kv co., 
i t\ el 
MOBILE 
c? h NA...5V 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURN® YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE 
P\C
- c-JSG r an lnyv% 
• 
(-11 Q- .s s 
,1 "   QC 0 Y3 P i ) 
SIGNED 
SI 0: 
EFTA00592656
--- PAGE 16 ---
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
Ji st 
DATE 
: • 
• 0 
TIME 
M 0 
Ce 
. 
OF C-6 I 
PHONE/ 
MOBILE_ 
TELEPHONED 
iPLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
i RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE 
?kers G . 1 c,e.,IA 
..yyi 
. a 
SIGNED 
• 
1184 
EFTA00592657
--- PAGE 17 ---
I
:
NT MESSAGE 
F 
DA' 
TIME ' 
OF 
PHONE/ 
MOBILE 
• 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
atf 
• 
C 
cY 
ja/fr
Si".., Ay 
c.)-3 
--te-4,-.---liire cob-vt 
• 
p* t css 
C 
SAO2949
a 
SIGNED— 
1184 
EFTA00592658
--- PAGE 18 ---
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
A M 
DATE 
TIME 
PAI 
M 
t 
OF 
------ t{ 
PHONE/ 
C.•
MOBILE 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE 
L-C2 AM. 
COW)
• 
AC MatigSoCan 
ab 
SIGNED 
• 
um 
EFTA00592659
--- PAGE 19 ---
IMPORTANT. MESSAGE 
FOR 
4,"/ 
DATE  EN 
M  / 1 1 • (0 
 eta
/ 
TIME aC 
PPM. 
OF 
PHONE
MOB! 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALLAGAIN
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE 
M
f  
/15 v at) 7`(-..4.4-
. Voti eta;) /ea (17 Air,-
wF hom e 
it 
SIGNED 
SAO2864 
EFTA00592660
--- PAGE 20 ---
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
Fon 
DATE 
TIME 4 1  We
a
M 
OF 
PHO 
MOBILE 
TILE 
C 
■ 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
■ 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 5RUSH 
■ 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPEC/AL AT
/
■ 
*MESSAGE -The, 2 117 'via be 
1-Ac $0-1Say - 310 corn c 
and. c, Cc si)6,..r. --71)(
Aho,..) 
Sit2 n i , 
,C? 
re • 30 • 
SIGNED' 
a 
/um 
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
DATE  
f/Qf 
V 5- 
 TIME  Oa 
ail, 
OF 
PHONE) 
MOBILE 
• • • 
TELEPHONED 
)(PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL. CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CA11 
---.I
- '. 
__• 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE 
.• • 
SIGNED 
SA02861 
EFTA00592661
--- PAGE 21 ---
I; 
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
7-- 
A.M. 
TIME  
-5 30" A' 
OF 
E/ 
MOBILE
PHON
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL
CAME TO §-EE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
• 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE 
r 141 ai
li e
12/le r l r•-• 
e'er 
at yo 00-0•47
SIGNED 
11114 
EFTA00592662
--- PAGE 22 ---
IMPO&TANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
DATE _20 LW 
nm€ 
OF 
PHONE/E  
Ia..-- 
MOBIL
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTIQ 
MESSAGE  fink a T 
LAQRy 
1ME DAILy 
TLICHT 
Ta 
PS Peale,-) 
a1.
e 41, 1 
(ivy 73 rn'l 
. 
)f.OU ( 
NS 011/3 
JAL
visit rick 
i 
- 
ay.
tu -TF ;\ 
.1 
vu. 
r )H-2'; 
rPeott 
sistim
EFTA00592663
--- PAGE 23 ---
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
a; 
t 051 E i N 
DATE bilt
i l 1 °I I 
TME g  ' ` d  An
M 
OF 
CIO fi•t4 t LA CO t " i f % 
. • : 
) 
PHONE/ 
• ; 
i • 
if 4,1 :- i. .
MOBILE 
•• t 
, 
''''` 
! 
• 
• 
• 
TELEPHONED 
Pt.ASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WE- CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL • 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE 
• • SAN 
a 
' t . Atittb re
• 
L ,•./ 
•t;,_;f 
. .• ( 
.);1 ti 
L. 
. 7,4 t 
: I. (• 
(i i•- .t i I..: 
,1/4
••
• 
. 
, 
. 
, 
,.. 
• 
a 
• 
SIGNED 
:.:.": 'M  ; 
EFTA00592664
--- PAGE 24 ---
O 
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR tS rill
-
DATE 
idr
0
4*
P.M. 
M 
rMIE
, cr ui 
O t1.41 1 
iii) 
P 
MORI
CCHOI=.1 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE 
i% • , 
SA02842 
• 
allo 
SIGNED 
1164 
EFTA00592665
--- PAGE 25 ---
I
RTA N T MESSAGE] 
• 
FOR 
DATE 
TtME a' 
I 
/ 
OF 
PHONFJ 
MOBILE 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPE 
ATTENTION 
MESSAGE 
t 
* aipoii 
14 9 
CO 
lq 
s -
ef 
t ate, 
c 141 
as 
SIGNED 
1184 
EFTA00592666
--- PAGE 26 ---
I 
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR --Y rf CCCL...,
DATE 
TIME 
IA Cit elictn
il in ( 
OF
PHONE/.
MOBILE 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE you 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR 'CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE 
QC-La lib 
--tha
ewl 
C, C:n't At, 
-haQS:a. 
TrArn 3x.o.th - Vt.-cico....) kb e*Ckl-A 
bt
i .
31.19IC
k. 
- 
S....
rm..
esiceSc t.,h1-1/4-‘ 1'1h% Alto n P . 
• 
SA02830
SIGNED.
. . 
. 
- 
EFTA00592667
--- PAGE 27 ---
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR ft
ricii...., . 
DATE ii-/ I/ 445 
TIME 6 ' 4 eff.,..1[ 
? 
0CA - ZUG 
OF 
PHONE/ 
MOBII E 
TELEPHONED 
C 
CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
{ LEASE 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE h ie +v.& 1-;.-, 
-inc 
Chatn tx b 0 LAP 
Va I ky iv tamp J 
;T., incis,..f 4 1 ski, Pc.ca Idotar , ou, 
it CO4.1 -bc 
t n.
,  fed 
bail 
• t as 
have 1-0 mon_ , 1 ft. cfr A 
i j.31 , nip ;VA/  of Pi z fna r i 
A ht t 4 
((An 
cstrat, sic a t fe" el'. 
siGNE0yOO 1 
-sex 
//)4. 
ab 
m 
f 
EFTA00592668
--- PAGE 28 ---
, • 7grir's 
4,1•11-.1r 
ie 
illle 
a 
it-
00, 
ti-
lam: 
' 
F.
• 
[ 
r 
. 
: 
. 
t. 
F. 
' 
• r: 
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
7ifirty
FOR 
DATE /2q 
° I/ Pr
TIME 
! ot fel 
,„, 
an - ziLe.. 
of 
PHON
MOB r. 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
fr -
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNEO YOUR CAII 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE 
1) Wi t- he ccbil ed 
ce,;-‘ 
:-. 
a 
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
r cg 
• 
ei3/ 
.:. 
DATE /4/ 5- 
TIME 
PM 
-_:. 
M 
"OW 
-. Zi. / C.- 
OF 
PHON 
MOBIL 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE --ticac 
(CAE hi froi 
i 0_ dr Gt) 
Soon
,
cc 3 
/ 
51.6-(e • fit 3 ve 
iinvorlo_ni-
EFTA00592669
--- PAGE 29 ---
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
eir
f
7„. 
? *0? 
DATE 
il
l/ 
e-5 -  
TIME 1.4 - 
V 
A.M. 
P.M. 
OF.
PHONE/ 
MOBILE 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
L WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
- 
I RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
L SPECIAL ATTENTION 
rs 
€ He h c.s a. -fr u iffier 
or 
Voix „ t I o -lea( .1 . y of  . 
kph( 4-0  s-pvck.,4 11.1.1.lit an. 
Stier CS e 
S) leans ' c> / cl_ 
/Pei ei rarSe . .4-530,-11; C-C-Ve 
Tired 
Ovii 0 1  void 1 ce41 
h u.v 4' 
A Ado/ 
li t  ity at, 
SciNED 
 eig 
lin 
EFTA00592670
--- PAGE 30 ---
[IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
DATE 
Et1/71.2D 
TIME 64, 
OF 
PHONE/ 
MOBILE 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
'WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETUNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL AMMON 
• 
e is i4 _colour) 
MESSAGE 
am; eG5arecion 44041-
011/4
4.) 
• c 
oeeds ya, ;pie c../.5..0-1. 
SIGNED 
aE 
1184 
EFTA00592671
--- PAGE 31 ---
, 
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 6
- h .1:3 (a /nC 
DATE 2 /
510f 
TIME 
 -0"' PM 
M 
lia/re 
-Air
OF 
PHONE/ 
yo
u
ha
v
e 
I. 
MOBILE
TELEPHONED 
C
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTDITION 
Thi,t1 1  
1) e 
califed 
MESSAGE/I 
. r:incd 
4e 
.?,sk,:;y. 
6y 
4112 
C.
,  rr. 
. 
JO, 
//Oil cafe--r iny 
/V hyy 
r-A4, a 
Sire, 
_so 
_et  . 2 1 1 
• 
SIGNED 
le 
EFTA00592672
--- PAGE 32 ---
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
.FOR  
y 
DATE 
211dr 
 TIME .3:ffic';* 
Crtadi 
OF 
PHONE/ -
MOBILE 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALI. AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
-
RliflITINED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
RP/ 
Jed 
SIGNED 
a. 
1184 
EFTA00592673
--- PAGE 33 ---
IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
7: it  
' 
DATE 
3171)b< 
TIME .1 : /3.-Se  4 
M 
/ 
tatS b Ie . bt/eider 
OF 
PHONE/ ' 
• 
" 
MOBILE ' ' 
. 
TELEPHONED 
PLEASE CALL 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
. 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
MESSAGE
_ 
. .. 
SIGNED 
I 
EFTA00592674
--- PAGE 34 ---
.IMPORTANT MESSAGE 
FOR 
DATE 
TIME 4-tv PMA
M 
dive 
of 
• 
PHONE 
mow F 
TELEPHONED 
PI Par  CALL 
CAME TO SEE 'YOU 
V
WILL CALL AGAIN 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RUSH 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
SPECIAL ATT9MON 
MESSAGE. °le /A tuts 
ed 
fall 
nrAsee. otrd he Is (4-4- -h e 
__A_pa_liCroo4S-p..cl "-Thcy 
howe joikeci ay. PqR4-0,4A 
an ci• etet 
iv 
ha.) 
line ‘n 14 
cam-7v7 e,o). b-, -this 
c 
f 
I-1-e- 
on 
ton A 
a 
1184 
• 
EFTA00592675

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592676.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592676.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mar-20-2008 02:37pa 
From-
T-714 
P.002/005 
F-865 
Message Book Entries Refuting Inducement 
Date 
Time 
For 
From 
Phone 
Message 
Book ft 
is it O.K. for ano 
stop 
9/4/2005 
9:08AM 
JE 
by and drop something? 
Book 1 
9/4/2005 
9:08AM 
JE 
Is it O.K. fointo 
stop 
by and drop something? 
Book 7 
1/25/2005 12:45 PM 
JE 
Called again about working
today 
- Book 2 
1/25/2005 12:00AM 
JE 
She is asking if you want 
her work today? The best 
time will be 2pm or 9:45pm Book 4 
1/26/2005 
1:20PM 
JE 
She said that instead of 
1:45 she'll be at 2:00pm 
Book 4 
2/1/2003 
9:06PM 
JE 
y i 
Wants to know if she 
hould bring her friend 
olly with tonight 
Book 3 
ants to know if she 
should bring hei friend 
2/1/2003 
9:06PM 
JE 
Holly with tonignt 
Book 7 
2/18/2003 
2:55PM 
JE 
Please call 
Book 3 
2/18/2003 
6:45PM 
JE 
It's really Important, she 
needs you to call her back. Book 3 
2/21/2003 
7:25PM 
JE 
Book 3 
3/15/2003 
5:04PM 
Please call 
Book 3 
1/30/2003 
3:50 
5:30PM 
2:00PM 
JE 
JE 
JE 
Book 3 
Book 3 
Book 3 
9/16/2004 8:00 PM 
JE 
Her friend Kristen would 
like to meet Win. 
Book 2 
10/9/2004 
3:40PM 
JE or 
Book 1 
Pls. call her 
Book 4 
12/4/2004 
2:40PM 
Return 
call 
Book 4 
12/6/2004 
1:00PM 
Please call her 
Book 4 
9/4/2005 12:55 PM 
JE 
She would like to 
reschedule her time 
Book 7 
3/16/2003 
6:27PM 
JE 
She wants to work 
Book 3 
Was wondering if she could 
work tonight she couldn't 
work yesterday b/c her 
Book 
4:16PM 
JE 
mom had to go to hospital 
Book 3 
EFTA00592676
--- PAGE 2 ---
Mar-20-2008 02:384m 
From-
1-714 
P.000/008 
F-865 
7/6/2004 
1:20 PM 
3:15 PM 
3:15 PM 
7/30/2004 
11/6/2004 
12/13/2004 
12/13/2004 
3:15PM 
6:30PM 
9:36PM 
9:36PM 
1/26/2005 
5:45 PM 
2/3/2005 
10:12PM 
2/15/2005 12:35PM 
2/25/2005 
4/9/2005 
4/10/2005 
9:42 AM 
12:04 PM 
12:50 PM 
1/13/2005 
7:30PM 
2/19/2003 
5:50PM 
11/7/2004 12:45PM 
10:00 AM 
1/24/2005 
4:15 PM 
1/26/2005 
1:30PM 
Adria 
3:50PM 
JE 
7:00 
3/16/2003 11:45AM 
3/15/2003 
3:00PM 
JE 
I need a work, I need cash, I 
don't love money. Do 
have work for me ? 
t
ants to work 
ants to work 
I like to work for him today. 
Please call him 
"Just tell him that I called" 
"Just tell him that I called" 
Please call as soon as 
possible 
Please call her back 
She would like to speak 
with you 
Very impt. Please call 
Please call her 
What time would you like 
her to come over 
She would like to see you 
tomorrow. 
She wants to confrim at 11 
tomorrow 
She wants to confrim at 11 
tomorrow 
Just that she called 
She is confirming for 
5:30PM
Book 4 
Please call her 
Book 4 
Wondering if you want her 
to work tomorrow & what 
time 
Book 4 
Wants to see you 
Book 3 
Please call - massage 
possible tomorrow 
Book 3 
She doesn't want to come 
to the movies, but call her 
if you want a massage 
before or after the movie. 
Book 1 
Book 2 
Book 2 
Book 7 
Book 4 
Book 4 
Book 4 
Book 7 
Book 2 
Book 4 
Book 4 
Book 6 
Book 5 
Book 
Book 4 
Book 4 
Book 3 
Book 4 
Book 2 
Book 7 
Book 2 
Book 2 
Book 7 
Book 2 
EFTA00592677
--- PAGE 3 ---
Mar-20-2008 02:38pa 
Froa-
4:30 
4:30 
JE 
JE 
12:00PM 
JE 
3/31/2005 
5:06 PM 
JE 
4/1/2005 
12:30 
JE 
1/6/2005 
8:30AM 
JE 
2/22/2005 12:45PM 
JE 
3:25 
JE 
3:25 
JE 
5/6/2005 
4:11 PM 
JE 
5/2/2004 
4:15 PM 
JE 
5/2/2004 
4:15 PM 
JE 
7/17/2004 
6:55 PM 
JE 
12/7/2004 6:15 PM 
JE 
3/18/2005 
7:33PM 
JE 
3/18/2005 
6:15 
JE 
3/18/2005 
6:15 
JE 
3/19/2005 
8:26AM 
JE 
4/20/2005 1:10 PM 
9/8/2005 
4:50PM 
JE 
9/8/2005 
4:50PM 
JE 
IMO 
T-714 
P.004/005 
F-865 
wondering if she can work 
tomorrow 
Book 5 
wondering if she c3R4ork 
tomorrow 
Book 7 
What time would you like 
me to come by? 
Book 3 
he called If you would like 
or her to work. She is 
vailable tomorrow til noon 
aand Mon - Fri 
Book 6 
she called again if she could 
work anytime mon -fri 
Book 6 
Please call her. 
Book 4 
Book 2 
Please! Call her. 
Book 4 
Her friend got Into a car 
accident Friday and she 
didn't have any minutes left 
on her phone. She couldn't 
call long distance. Do you 
want her to work? 
Book 2 
Her friend got into a car 
accident Friday and she 
didn't have any minutes left 
on her phone. She couldn't 
call long distance. Do you 
want her to work? 
Book? 
wants to work if you are in' 7Book 5 
Book 2 
Book 7 
Me & 
can come 
tomorrow any time or 
tatum alone 
Book 7 
Please call her 
Book 7 
Please! Call her 
Book 1 
She can be tomorrow here 
from 2pm to whenever. 
Book 1 
She can be tomorrow here 
from 2pm to whenever. 
Book 7 
Book 1 
left her tel 
Book 7 
Her new phoa 
Book 1 
Her new phone 
Book 7 
EFTA00592678
--- PAGE 4 ---
Bar-20-2008 02:38pu 
ha—
T-714 
P.005/005 
F-865 
10/1/2005 10:15 AM 
JE 
10/2/2005 12:30 PM 
8/2/2004 
12:45 PM 
JE 
SF 
8/2/2004 12:45 PM 
JE 
8/20/2005 12:40 PM 
JE 
12/19/2004 9:45 PM 
2/12/2005 
5:50PM 
1/1/2005 10:44 AM 
JE 
Book 7 
Book 7 
ey are available all 
eekend and maybe.. 
too 
Book 2 
They are available all 
weekend and maybe= 
too 
Please call her 
Please call her to set up 
time for tomorrow 
Mailed 
Book 7 
Book 7 
Book 7 
Book 4 
Book 2 
EFTA00592679

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592680.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIRCUIT CIVIL DIVISION AG 
CASE NO. 502009CA0408003OOOCMB 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiffs. 
ORDER DENYING DEFENDANT/COUNTER-PLAINTIFF, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS'. MOTION TO STAY PROCEEDINGS 
PENDING COMPLETION OF ADDITIONAL DISCOVERY 
THIS CAUSE came before the court on Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, BRADLEY J. 
EDWARDS', Motion to Stay Proceedings Pending Completion of Additional Discovery and the 
court, having reviewed the motion and being otherwise fully advised in the premises it is: 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff, BRADLEY J. 
EDWARDS', Motion to Stay Proceedings Pending Completion of Additional Discovery is 
DENIED. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm 
ounty, Florida, this 3rd day 
of February, 2015. 
Copies furnished to: 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
250 Australian Ave. South, Ste. 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
DONALD 
Circuit Jud to 
Page 1 of 2 
EFTA00592680
--- PAGE 2 ---
Marc Nurik, Esq. 
East Broward Blvd., Ste. 700 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Ste. 2 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Fred Haddad, Esq. 
Financial Plaza, Ste. 2612 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
315 SE 7th St., Ste. 301 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
William B. King, Esq. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Burlington & Rockenbach, ■ 
Courthouse Commons, Ste. 350 
444 West Ralroad Ave. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Page 2 of 2 
EFTA00592681

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592682.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 305 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 1 of 12 
IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE 1 and JANE DOE 2, 
Plaintiffs, 
v. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Defendant. 
NON-PARTIES THE PALM BEACH POST AND PALM BEACH DAILY NEWS' 
MOTION TO INTERVENE TO OPPOSE INTERVENOR EPSTEIN'S MOTION 
FOR ENTRY OF A SUPPLEMENTAL PROTECTIVE ORDER (DOC. 261) 
The Palm Beach Post and Palm Beach Daily News ("Media Intervenors")' 
respectfully move this Court to intervene for the limited purpose of responding to 
Intervenor Jeffrey Epstein's Motion for a Supplemental Protective Order (Doc. 261). 
In connection therewith, Media Intervenors respectfully submit this incorporated 
Memorandum of Law in support of their Motion to Intervene, in opposition to Epstein's 
Motion for a Supplemental Protective Order (Doc. 261), and in response to the Court's 
Order inquiring whether there is justification for the request in Epstein's motion that an 
entire category of documents be filed under seal. (Doc. 286.) 
INTRODUCTION 
This matter involves claims by two Jane Doe Plaintiffs against the United States, 
alleging that the Government violated the Crime Victims' Rights Act in connection with 
entering into a non-prosecution agreement with Intervenor Jeffrey Epstein in exchange 
for his offer to plead guilty to certain Florida state offenses. As the Media Intervenors 
' The Palm Beach Post and Palm Beach Daily News are both owned by Cox Media 
Group, LLC, which is itself owned by Cox Enterprises, Inc., a privately held corporation. 
EFTA00592682
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 305 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 2 of 12 
understand it, part of the evidence in this case will focus on plea negotiations between 
Epstein and the Government and contemporaneous correspondence relating to those 
negotiations. Such plea negotiation correspondence will be relevant to the central issue 
in this case — whether the Plaintiffs were afforded their rights under the Crime Victims' 
Rights Act notwithstanding Intervenor Epstein's wealth and access to influential legal 
representation. As such, the evidence will bear on a question of profound public concern: 
in this instance, did our justice system live up to its commitment to treat all who come 
before it with basic fairness and dignity? 
After the Eleventh Circuit affirmed this Court's ruling that the correspondence 
was not privileged under the numerous grounds proffered by Epstein and other 
intervenors (Doc. 254), the Court granted in part Intervenor Epstein's motion for a 
discovery protective order. (See Doc. 255.) However, in connection with the protective 
order, Epstein filed a supplemental motion to "require that any party would be required to 
file under seal any portion of the plea negotiation correspondence between the 
Government and Epstein's counsel, whether offered as an exhibit or quoted from in the 
content of a pleading or motion." (Doc. 261 at I.) In response, the Court appropriately 
requested justification for such a sweeping order, which would require the parties to 
submit filings "setting forth the extraordinary circumstances or particularized needs 
necessitating a seal in this case." (Doc. 286 at 1.) 
Because Intervenor Epstein's proposed order improperly reverses the burden of 
proof with respect to the sealing of court records and is in direct conflict with the 
presumption of public access to records filed with the court, Media Intervenors 
respectfully request that the Court permit them to intervene for the limited purpose of 
EFTA00592683
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 305 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 3 of 12 
responding to the issues raised by Epstein's Motion and further request that the Court 
deny Epstein's Motion in its entirety. 
ARGUMENT AND CITATION OF AUTHORITY 
I. 
It is Well-Established that the Press Has a Right to Intervene to Oppose the 
Sealing of Records. 
Pursuant to well-established authority from the United States Supreme Court and 
the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals, the media has a right to intervene in criminal and 
civil actions to oppose the sealing of records and the closure of court proceedings. In 
Globe Newspaper Co. v. Superior Court, 457 U.S. 596, 609 n. 25 (1982), the Supreme 
Court held that "representatives of the press and general public `must be given an 
opportunity to be heard on the question of their exclusion' from access to court 
proceedings and records. Globe Newspaper Co. v. Superior Court 457 U.S. 596, 609 n. 
(1982) (atgi Gannett Co. v. DePasquale 443 U.S. 368, 401 (1979) (Powell, J., 
concurring)). 
Based on such authority, the Eleventh Circuit has repeatedly and consistently 
recognized the appropriateness of allowing the public and the press to intervene in 
connection with the sealing of records or closure of court proceedings. See Brown v. 
Advantage Engineering, Inc., 960 F.2d 1013, 1016 (11th Cir. 1992) ("Because it is the 
rights of the public .. . that are at stake, any member of the public has standing to . . . 
unseal the court file in the event the record has been improperly sealed."). In re Petition 
of Tribune Co. 784 F.2d 1518, 1521 (11th Cir. 1986) ("The press has standing to 
intervene in actions to which it is otherwise not a party in order to petition for access to 
court proceedings and records."); Newman v. Graddick, 696 F.2d 796, 800 (11th Cir. 
EFTA00592684
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 305 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 4 of 12 
1983) ("This Court has upheld the press's standing to seek access in suits to which it is 
not a party.") 
Based on this well-established authority, Media Intervenors request that they be 
permitted to intervene in this action. 
II. 
The First Amendment Provides the Public and Press With a Presumptive 
Right of Access to Court Records, Which Epstein Improperly Seeks to 
Reverse. 
As this Court has previously recognized (see Doc. 286), pursuant to the First 
Amendment to the United States Constitution and well-established federal case law, the 
public's right of access to judicial proceedings and records is beyond dispute. See 
generally Press-Enterprise Co. v. Superior Court 478 U.S. 1 (1986) ("Press-Enterprise 
II"); Press-Enterprise Co. v. Superior Court, 464 U.S. 501 (1984) ("Press-Enterprise I");
Globe Newspaper Co. v. Superior Court, 457 U.S. 596 (1982); Richmond Newspapers, 
Inc. v. Virginia 448 U.S. 555 (1980). "Once a matter is brought before a court for 
resolution, it is no longer solely the parties' case, but also the public's case." Brown 960 
F.2d at 1016. 
As the Eleventh Circuit explained in an opinion by then Chief Judge Roney, 
"open judicial proceedings serve many important purposes." Newman 696 F.2d at 801. 
Among the many benefits of access are: "informed public opinion critical to effective 
self-government," "public understanding of the legal process and citizens' rights within 
it," the "quality and . . . integrity of the factfinding process," "heightented] respect for the 
judicial process(,] by fostering an appearance of fairness," "a check on the judiciary, such 
checks being the distinctive feature of our constitutional form of government," and 
providing "security for testimonial trustworthiness." Id. (citations omitted). 
EFTA00592685
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 305 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 5 of 12 
Moreover, this right of access extends to all records filed with the court in 
connection with pretrial motions addressing substantive issues raised by the lawsuit. See 
Chicago Tribune Co. v. Bridgestone/Firestone, Inc., 263 F.3d 1304, 1311 (11th Cir. 
2011) ("Beyond establishing a general presumption that criminal and civil actions should 
be conducted publicly, the common-law right of access includes the right to inspect and 
copy public records and documents.") 
Any party seeking to seal judicial records bears a substantial burden. As set forth 
in Bridgestone/Firestone, "[w]here the trial court conceals the record of an entire case, 
making no distinction between those documents that are sensitive or privileged and those 
that are not, it must be shown that `the denial [of access] is necessitated by a compelling 
governmental interest, and is narrowly tailored to that interest.' Bridgestone/Firestone. 
Inc., 263 F.3d at 1311 (quoting Wilson v. American Motors Corp. 759 F.2d 1568, 1571 
(11th Cir. 1985).) Such scrutiny is necessitated when "pleadings, docket entries, 
orders...." are sealed. Id. (citation omitted). See also Newman 696 F.2d at 802 
("where, as in the present case, the [court] attempts to deny access [to judicial 
proceedings] in order to inhibit the disclosure of sensitive information, it must be shown 
that the denial is necessitated by a compelling governmental interest, and is narrowly 
tailored to that interest") (quoting Globe Newspaper Co. v. Superior Court, 457 U.S. 596 
(1982)). 
Where parties seek a more isolated sealing in connection with substantive 
motions, courts are instructed to engage in a Rule 26(c) "good cause" analysis i.e. 
undertaking an examination into whether the party seeking to seal the record has brought 
a valid ground for the issuance of a protective order and can show that its interest in 
EFTA00592686
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 305 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 6 of 12 
confidentiality outweighs the public's interest in access. Bridgestone/Firestone. Inc. 263 
F.3d at 1313. However, even in such instances, the law is clear that the threshold 
presumption is that the public and press will be given access to the records of the Court. 
As the Eleventh Circuit has explained, any record filed with "[a] motion that is 'presented 
to the court to invoke its powers or affect its decisions,' whether or not characterized as 
dispositive, is subject to the public right of access." Romero v. Drummond Company, 
Inc. 480 F.3d 1234, 1246 (11th Cir. 2007) (quoting United States v. Amodeo 71 F.3d 
1044, 1050 (2d Cir. 1995).) See also id., 480 F.3d at 1245 ("[m]aterial filed in 
connection with any substantive pretrial motion, unrelated to discovery, is subject to the 
common law right of access"); Federal Trade Commission v. Abbvie Products 713 F.3d 
54, 64, (11th Cir. 2013) ("[W]e determine whether a document is a judicial record [and 
therefore subject to the presumption of public access] depending on the type of filing it 
accompanied. A complaint and its exhibits, which are integral to the 'judicial resolution 
of the merits of any action,' are surely 'subject to the common law right."') (quoting 
Bridgestone/Firestone. Inc., 263 F.3d at 1312).) 
By his Motion, Epstein requests that the Court enter an order that would 
systematically require "any party ... to file under seal any portion of the plea negotiation 
correspondence between the Government and Epstein's counsel, whether offered as an 
exhibit or quoted from in the content of a pleading or motion." (Doc. 261 at 1.) Under 
Epstein's proposal, all such correspondence would be filed under seal without regard to 
its specific content and without individual consideration by the Court. Only after a 
record was filed under seal would a party or Intervenor have an opportunity to ask the 
EFTA00592687
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 305 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 7 of 12 
Court to unseal the record. See Doc. 261-1 at 2 (proposed order requiring filings be 
made under seal with later opportunity to unseal).) 
This improperly reverses the burden of proof and would effectively put the Court 
in an impossible administrative position. The plea negotiation correspondence would be 
filed under seal by the parties, and the press would soon be insisting that it be unsealed, 
but the Court would have no detailed and specific basis explain its sealing in the first 
place. The sealing would have occurred in a sweeping fashion without any proper, 
particularized showing in the record to justify the sealing at the outset. By seeking a 
blanket sealing order, regardless of the nature of the communication and regardless of the 
type of motion to which it is attached, Epstein is attempting to reverse the burden of 
proof and circumvent the law requiring that he show "good cause" for the sealing of any 
court records.2 This is simply improper. See Davis v. Prince 753 F. Supp.2d 561, 567 
Va. 2010) (rejecting proposed protective order which would allow the parties to 
determine "good cause" without a prior determination by the court). The Court's Order 
correctly observed that it needs "extraordinary circumstances" and "particularized needs" 
to justify sealing records, and Epstein cannot attempt to meet that burden with a sweeping 
request that everything pertaining to the negotiation correspondence be systematically 
sealed at the outset. 
While Intervenor Epstein characterizes the requested sealing as limited and subject to 
the "good cause" standard, given Plaintiffs' statements as to the importance of the 
correspondence to their action and likely frequency of reference, it is unclear at this time 
whether the "good cause" or higher "compelling interest" standard would apply as these 
records begin to be filed. 
EFTA00592688
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 305 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 8 of 12 
III. 
There is No Basis for Intervenor Epstein's Sweeping Order. 
Even if Epstein were not attempting to reverse the burden of proof in an 
improperly sweeping fashion, Epstein has also failed to show "good cause." It is 
undeniable that the public's interest in this case is significant and legitimate. Indeed, the 
Government's communications with Epstein's counsel and the Plaintiffs go to the "heart 
of the interest protected by the right of access: `the citizen's desire to keep a watchful eye 
on the workings of public agencies ...[and] the operation of government.'" Romero 480 
F.3d at 1246 (quoting Nixon v. Warner Communications, Inc., 435 U.S. 589, 598 
(1978)). The public is understandably interested in the evidence that the Government 
claimed to have in connection with its investigation of Epstein, how the Government 
chose to negotiate a just resolution based on that evidence, and what the Government 
chose to communicate to the alleged victims. These are issues that go to the core of the 
fairness of our justice system. They are matters of legitimate public concern. 
In contrast to the readily apparent public interest in this matter, Epstein has 
offered no valid interest in sealing these records. In Epstein's Response to the Court's 
Order (Doc. No. 295), Epstein spends a significant portion of his brief challenging the 
tactics of Plaintiffs' counsel, which is curious given that Plaintiffs' counsel consented to 
Epstein's motion until the Court raised its concerns. More importantly, the Eleventh 
Circuit has previously rejected the argument that concerns about future abusive filings 
can justify sealing. See Federal Trade Commission 713 F.3d at 64 (observing that Rule 
sanctions, actions for wrongful civil proceedings, and a district court's authority to 
strike scurrilous pleadings provide "sufficient remedies" to address" the "potential for 
abuse"). 
EFTA00592689
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 305 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 9 of 12 
Epstein then resorts to arguing that because plea negotiations usually are not 
public and are generally covered by Fed. R. Evid. 410, that too should justify sealing. 
(See Doc. No. 295 at 11-13.) But, the Eleventh Circuit has already rejected at length the 
argument that evidentiary rules about admissibility can be stretched into privileges to 
conceal such records generally. See Eleventh Circuit Slip Op. at 19 ("Rule 410 does not 
bar disclosure of the correspondence written by the attorney-intervenors.") (Doc 188). 
Epstein is, of course, correct that the communications between defense attorneys and 
prosecutors are not routinely disclosed to the public in a typical criminal case, but that is 
no justification to seal them in the rare circumstances present before the Court in which 
such records become relevant evidence in a civil action challenging the fairness of our 
justice system's treatment of alleged sexual assault victims. See id. at 3 ("Not only did 
the United States neglect to confer with the victims before it entered into the agreement 
with Epstein, it also failed to notify them of its existence for at least nine months."). See 
also Unites States v. Haller 837 F.2d 84, 86-87 (2d Cir. 1988) (finding a right of access 
to plea agreements and hearings which "allow[s] public scrutiny of the conduct of courts 
and prosecutors" in connection with the "most common form of adjudication of criminal 
litigation"). 
Stripped of overstated rhetoric about the "landscape of criminal settlement 
negotiations," the true source of Epstein's objection to the disclosure of the plea 
negotiation correspondence appears to be concerns about his reputation. (ate Doc 295 at 
(objecting to an earlier release of the correspondence that was purportedly done "to 
satisfy a craving for what is sensation and scandalous").) However, courts have 
repeatedly concluded that reputational concerns do not justify sealing of records. See,
EFTA00592690
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 305 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 10 of 12 
t,L, Wilson 759 F.2d at 1570-71 ("[S]imply showing that the information would harm 
the company's reputation is not sufficient to overcome the strong common law 
presumption in favor of public access.") (citation omitted); Doe v. Frank, 951 F.2d 320, 
323 (11th Cir. 1992) (risk that a plaintiff may suffer some embarrassment is not enough" 
to overcome the "customary and constitutionally-embedded presumption of openness in 
judicial proceedings"); Kamakana v. City and County of Honolulu, 447 F.3d 1172, 1179 
(9th Cir. 2006) ("The mere fact that the production of records may lead to a litigant's 
embarrassment, incrimination, or exposure to further litigation will not, without more, 
compel the court to seal its records.") (cited and quoted in State Farm Mut. Auto. Ins. 
Co. v. Altamonte Springs Diagnostic Imaging, Inc. 2013 WL 1212818, at *2 (M. Fla. 
March 25, 2013)); Davis v. Reynolds 890 F.2d 1105 (10th Cir. 1989) (holding that 
witnesses' interest in preserving privacy and preventing embarrassment was not an 
"overriding interest" to justify closure); Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp. v. F.T.C. 
710 F.2d 1165, 1179 (6th Cir. 1983) ("A naked conclusory statement that publication of 
the Report will injure the bank in the industry and local community falls woefully short 
of the kind of showing which raises even an arguable issue as to whether it may be kept 
under seal."). 
Because Intervenor Epstein's requested protective order reverses the burden of 
proof and offers no legitimate justification for sealing of any kind, the Media Intervenors 
respectfully request that Intervenor Epstein's Motion be denied. 
EFTA00592691
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 305 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 11 of 12 
CONCLUSION 
For the foregoing reasons, Media Intervenors request that Intervenor Epstein's 
Motion for a Supplemental Protective Order be denied. 
DATED this 2nd day of February, 2015. 
Respectfully submitted, 
s/Rachel E. Fugate 
Rachel E. Fugate 
Florida Bar No. 0144029 
Thomas & LoCicero PL 
601 South Boulevard 
Tampa, Florida 33606 
Telephon 
Facsimile 
OF COUNSEL 
Thomas M. Clyde (pro hac application 
forthcoming) 
Lesli N. Gaither (pro hac application 
forthcoming) 
Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP 
Suite 2800 
1100 Peachtree Street 
Atlanta, Geo is 303094530 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Counsel for Media Intervenors The Palm 
Beach Post and Palm Beach Daily News 
II 
EFTA00592692
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 305 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 12 of 12 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on February 2, 2015, I electronically filed the 
foregoing with the Clerk of the Court by using the CM/ECF system and which will be 
electronically notified to all counsel of record and is available for viewing and 
downloading from the Court's CM/ECF system by all counsel of record. 
s/ Rachel E. Fugate 
EFTA00592693

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592694.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 304-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/30/2015 Page 1 of 3 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA 
JANE DOE #1 and JANE DOE #2, 
Petitioners, 
vs. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Respondent. 
DECLARATION OF FBI SPECIAL AGENT TIMOTHY R. SLATER 
TIMOTHY R. SLATER declares as follows: 
1. 
I am a Special Agent, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), currently assigned as a 
Section Chief at FBI Headquarters, Washington, D.C. I was appointed a Special Agent in May 
1999. Upon graduation from the FBI Academy at Quantico, Virginia, in September 1999, I was 
assigned to the Detroit Field Office. I was subsequently transferred to the FBI Miami Field 
Office in May 2006. 
2. In 2006, I was assigned to work on an investigation of Jeffrey Epstein, who was 
accused of sexually abusing many young girls under the age of 18. In the course of our 
investigation, the FBI identified many potential victims of sexual abuse by Epstein. We obtained 
names by speaking to other victims, who frequently knew of friends who had also been paid 
money by Epstein to provide sexual services to him. 
3. One of the victims identified was 
In January — February 2007, I 
used various computer indices to try and locate Ms. 
By using these indices and other 
means, I found two international phone numbers which 1 believed were being used by Ms. 
Govt Exhibit D 
Case No. 08.80736-CIV•MARRA 
EFTA00592694
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 304-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/30/2015 Page 2 of 3 
4. Sometime during January — February 2007, I called the one of the numbers, in an 
attempt to speak to Ms. 
Also in my office was FBI Special Agent Nesbitt E. 
Kuyrkendall, the lead agent for the investigation of Jeffrey Epstein. I was not using a 
speakerphone when I spoke with Ms 
asked S/A Kuyrkendall to be present because 
she, as the lead agent, was thoroughly versed in the details of the entire investigation, and I might 
need her assistance to respond to a question posed by Ms. 
that I was unable to answer. 
5. When I dialed the number, a young woman answered the phone. I told her my name, 
identified myself as a Special Agent with the FBI, and asked if she was 
She 
said yes. I used a technique which I employ when speaking to people on the phone, who might 
question whether I am truly an FBI agent. I provided her with the phone number of the FBI 
Field Office in Miami, Florida, and told her she could hang up and verify the number. She 
could then call me back at the number, and her call would be routed to me. Ms. 
said that 
would not be necessary. 
6. I told Ms. 
about our investigation ofJeffrey Epstein, and the allegations that 
Epstein had sexually abused many underage young girls. I told her we believed she might be a 
victim of sexual abuse by Epstein. 
7. Ms. 
answered basic questions, telling me that she did know Jeffrey Epstein. 
She quickly became uncomfortable, telling me she moved away to distance herself from this 
situation, and expressing her desire to "let this be in my past." She asked that I not bother her 
with this again. 
8. I thanked Ms. 
and told her I appreciated her time. I provided my name and 
encouraged her to call the FBI Miami Field Office, if she had any questions or needed assistance. 
Govt Exhibit D 
Case No. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA 
EFTA00592695
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 304-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/30/2015 Page 3 of 3 
The entire phone conversation only last several minutes. 
9. I did not hear from Ms. 
again. In mid-March 2007,1 reported for my new 
assignment at FBI Headquarters in Washington, D.C. 
10. 1 declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct. 
Executed on January 26, 2015. 
TIMOTHY R. SLATER 
Section Chief 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Washington, D.C. 
Govt Exhibit D 
Case No. 08.80736-CIV•MARRA 
EFTA00592696

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592697.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ada Clapp 
From: 
Ada Clapp < 
Sent: 
Friday, October 24, 2014 11:12 AM 
To: 
Richard Ressler 
Cc: 
Jeffrey Epstein; Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: 
Art Purchases by the trusts 
Attachments: 
doc0251052014102016063S.pdf; ATT00001.txt 
Follow Up Flag: 
Follow up 
Flag Status: 
Flagged 
Good morning Richard 
Attached is what we would propose in connection with art purchases by the trusts. Please let me know what you think. 
Thank you. 
Best regards. 
EFTA00592697
--- PAGE 2 ---
MEMORANDUM 
To: 
From: 
Re: 
Barry J. Cohen, John J. Harman and Richard Ressler; Trustees of the APOI Agreement 
Leon D. Black 
Suggested Art Purchases 
This is to memorialize my advice to you in September 2014 that as Trustees of the Discretionary Trust 
under the APOI Agreement (the "Trust") you consider purchasing several works by the artist Peter 
Sacks that were then available for purchase from Robert Miller Gallery, namely: 
1. AF7'ERATH (MANDALA) [SAC-0023] 
2. ULYSSES 1, 2013 [SACK-0044] 
3. ULYSSES 2, 2013 [SACK-0037] 
4. ULYSSES 3, 2013 [SACK-0038] 
5. ULYSSES 4, 2013 [SACK-0043] 
6. ULYSSES .5, 2013 [SACK-0036] 
7. ULYSSES 6, 2013 [SACK-0035] 
8. ULYSSES 8, 2013 [SACK-0042] 
9. ULYSSES 9, 2013 [SACK-0045] 
10. ULYSSES 10, 2013 [SACK-0046] 
11. ULYSSES 11, 2013 [SACK-0040] 
12. ULYSSES 12, 2013 [SACK-0039] 
Peter Sacks is a living artist whose works are represented in private and public collections 
internationally, including the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Museum of Fine Arts Boston, and the 
Museum of Fine Arts Houston. Accordingly, it was my opinion the above works would be worthwhile 
additions to the Trust's portfolio. In addition, I advised that you consider purchasing the referenced 
works as the Trust owned only one work of Contemporary Art at the time, that being Ed Ruscha's Egg. 
Therefore, the referenced works by Peter Sacks would help to diversify the Trust's fine art portfolio. 
EFTA00592698
--- PAGE 3 ---
TRUSTEES RESOLUTION 
APOI AGREEMENT 
The undersigned, representing all of the Trustees (the "Trustees") of the 
Discretionary Trust created under Clause FIRST of the APO I Agreement (the "Trust") made as 
of October 25, 2013 by and between the Trustees and Leon D. Black, as Grantor, do hereby 
resolve in relation to the Trust, as follows: 
CONSIDERED: 
The Trustees considered: 
1. The terms of the APOI Agreement (the "Agreement") and 
the beneficiaries of the Trust. 
2. The Trustees' decision to invest a portion of the Trust's assets 
in fine art. 
3. The attached memorandum by Leon D. Black that the works 
of art by Peter Sacks listed on the attached invoice dated 
September 9, 2014 from Robert Miller Gallery (the "Works") 
would be a good addition to the Trust's existing fine art 
portfolio. 
4. That Mr. Black is one of the world's leading art collectors 
who possesses extensive knowledge of the art market and 
unparalleled access to top art dealers and galleries that often 
present Mr. Black with unique opportunities for purchasing 
fine art. 
RESOLUTION: 
Pursuant to the authority granted to them in Clause NINTH (A) of 
the Agreement, the Trustees hereby resolve to invest the principal of 
the Trust in the acquisition of the Works for the purchase prices 
listed on the attached invoice (including applicable tax). 
DETERMINATION: The Trustees determine, in accordance with the authority granted to 
them in Clause NINTH of the Agreement, that in light of the 
considerations noted above, the aforesaid purchases will enhance the 
Trust's portfolio and are in the best interests of the beneficiaries. 
EFTA00592699
--- PAGE 4 ---
COUNTERPARTS: 
This Resolution may be signed in counterparts, which, taken 
together, may constitute an original instrument, and facsimile copies 
may be acceptable as originals, and shall be effective as of 
September 9, 2014. 
John J. Hannan, Trustee 
Richard Ressler, Trustee 
Barry J. Cohen, Trustee 
Recorded and Filed with the Books and Records of 
the APOI AGREEMENT 
By: 
Date: 
APO I Trustees Resolution-Works by Peter Sacks 
EFTA00592700

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592701.pdf
----------------------------------------
GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
BEFORE THE DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
DIVISION OF COASTAL ZONE MANAGEMENT 
IN THE MATTER OF 
THE DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND 
NATURAL RESOURCES, COMMISSIONER 
DAWN L. HENRY, ESQUIRE, 
) NOVA 04-16-STT 
) ) ) 
) 
) NOTICE OF FAILURE TO CURE 
COMPLAINANT, 
) BREACH OF SETTLEMENT 
) AGREEMENT AND 
vs. 
) ENFORCEMENT OF SETTLEMENT 
) AGREEMENT 
GREAT ST. JIM, LLC 
) 
) 
) 
) 
RESPONDENT. 
) 
) 
SUPPLEMENTAL CONSENT AGREEMENT 
WHEREAS, the Complainant, the Department of Planning and Natural Resources 
(DPNR), is responsible for the administration and enforcement of laws and regulations 
pertaining to the protection and preservation of the coastal resources of the United States Virgin 
Islands, including the Coastal Zone Management Act (the "CZM Act"), Title 12, Chapter 21, of 
the Virgin Islands Code, and the Division of Coastal Zone Management ("CZM") is a division 
thereof; and 
WHEREAS, the Complainant, commenced an administrative enforcement proceeding by 
serving Respondent on April 25, 2016 with Notice of Violation No. NOVA-04.16-STT dated 
April 22, 2016 ("NOVA"); and 
WHEREAS, on or about August 4, 2016, respondent entered into a Settlement 
Agreement ("Settlement Agreement") with DPNR regarding issues pertaining to the NOVA; and fr
EFTA00592701
--- PAGE 2 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-16-SI 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 2 of 7 
WHEREAS, on or about November 4, 2016, Complainant served Respondent with a 
Notice to Cure Breach of Settlement Agreement ("Notice") requiring Respondent within ten (10) 
days to remove all unpermitted development and structures and failure to comply will subject 
Respondent to further enforcement action pursuant to V.I. Code Ann. Tit. 12 § 913 and Section 
3(d) of the Settlement Agreement; and 
WHEREAS, on or about December 15, 2016, Complainant served Respondent with a 
Notice of Failure to Cure Breach of Settlement Agreement and Enforcement of Paragraph 3(d) of 
the Settlement Agreement ("Failure to Cure") requiring Respondent to pay DPNR the remaining 
penalty balance of Two Hundred Ten Thousand Dollars ($210,000,00); and 
WHEREAS, Complainant and Respondent are collectively referred to herein as the 
Parties; and 
WHEREAS, the Parties agree that: (a) settlement of the matters set forth in the NOVA, 
Settlement Agreement, Notice and Failure to Cure arc in the best interest of the Parties and the 
public; (b) entry of this Supplemental Consent Agreement without litigation is the most 
appropriate means of resolving this matter; and (c) by entering into this Supplemental Consent 
Agreement, Respondent neither agrees with nor admits to any of the foregoing recitals but agrees 
that this Supplemental Consent Agreement shall be enforceable in the event Respondent fails to 
comply with the provisions contained herein; and 
WHEREAS, the Panics recognize that this Supplemental Consent Agreement (the 
"Agreement") has been negotiated in good faith and that it is fair, reasonable, and in the public 
interest. 
EFTA00592702
--- PAGE 3 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-16-Si f 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 3 of 7 
NOW THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows: 
The Respondent agrees to fund the following Supplemental Environmental Project 
("SEP") in Lieu of Stipulated Penalties of not less than One Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars 
($160,000.00): Construction of the Raveling Wall at Fort Christian located on St. Thomas in the 
Coastal Zone (the "Project"). 
1. 
Escrow Requirements: 
A. Within five business (5) days of receipt of the fully executed Supplemental Consent 
Agreement, Respondent shall pay to DPNR to be deposited into the Reclamation 
Fund not less than One Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00). The purpose 
of the deposited funds is solely for the benefit of the SEP. 
B. In the event the cost of the SEP funds exceeds the cost of the Project, any and all 
remaining funds shall be utilized for other projects in Fort Christian at the full 
discretion of DPNR. 
2. SEP Management 
Due to the historical and preservation nature of the project, DPNR-State Historic 
Preservation Office will oversee the implementation of the SEP, to include but not 
limited to design of the Raveling wall, selection of contractor(s), management, 
approval of work and payment requests. 
EFTA00592703
--- PAGE 4 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-16-S'fT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 4 of 7 
3. 
Compliance with Applicable Laws 
This Agreement in no way relieves Respondent of its responsibility to comply with any 
other applicable federal or territorial laws, regulations and permits not specifically 
mentioned herein, and compliance with this Agreement shall not constitute a defense to 
any action pursuant to said laws, regulations, or permits raised by any territorial or 
federal agency other than DPNR. 
4. 
Release 
Upon compliance with all terms and conditions of this Agreement, DPNR fully and 
unconditionally releases and discharges Respondent and its successors, assigns, members, 
managers, employees, affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, representatives and attorneys 
(hereinafter "Respondent Parties"), except as specifically provided in Paragraph 6 of this 
Agreement, from any and all claims, demands, liens, causes of action, suits, damages, 
judgments, debts or liabilities whatsoever, both at law or in equity, which DPNR and any 
of its successors or assigns may have now against Respondent relating to any alleged 
violation indicated herein or in the Notice of Violation Assessment NOVA-04-16-STT, 
Settlement Agreement, Notice, and Failure to Cure. 
5. Covenant Not to Sue 
In consideration of the actions that will be performed by Respondent under the terms of 
this Agreement, and except as specifically provided in Paragraph 6 of this Agreement, 
EFTA00592704
--- PAGE 5 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-16-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 5 of 7 
DPNR covenants not to sue or to take further administrative action against Respondent 
for alleged violations of the Act, relating to any alleged violation indicated herein or in 
the Notice of Violation Assessment NOVA-04-1 6-STT, Settlement Agreement, Notice, 
and Failure to Cure now known. These covenants not to sue are conditioned upon 
satisfactory performance by Respondent of its obligations under this Agreement. 
6. Reservations of Rights by DPNR-CZNI 
DPNR reserves and this Agreement is without prejudice to, all rights against Respondent 
with respect to all matters not expressly included within the Covenants Not To Sue in 
Paragraph (5). Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, DPNR reserves, 
and this Agreement is without prejudice to, all rights against Respondent with respect to: 
(a) 
Liability for failure of Respondent to meet a requirement of this Agreement; 
(b) 
Liability for costs incurred or to be incurred by the United States Virgin Islands 
not specifically covered by this Agreement or unbeknownst to the Complainant; 
(c) 
Liability for future violations (occurring after the Commissioner's approval of this 
Agreement); and 
(d) 
Liability for damages for injury to, destruction of, or loss of natural resources, and 
for costs of any natural resource damage assessments not specifically covered by this 
Agreement or unbeknownst to the Complainant. 
EFTA00592705
--- PAGE 6 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04-16-STT 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 6 of 7 
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to be or shall be construed as a release, covenant 
not to sue, or compromise of any claim or cause of action, administrative or judicial, civil 
or criminal, past or future, in law or in equity, which the Government of the Virgin 
Islands may have against any person, firm, corporation or other entity not a signatory to 
this Agreement, other than Respondent Parties. 
This Supplemental Settlement 
Agreement does not limit or affect the rights of Respondent or the Government of the 
Virgin Islands against any third parties not named herein, nor the rights of third parties 
not parties to this Agreement against any other parties, other than Respondent Parties. 
7. No Admission 
Neither this Agreement nor the furnishing of the consideration for this Agreement shall 
be deemed or construed at any time for any purpose as an admission by Respondent of 
any liability, unlawful conduct of any kind or violation by Respondent of any law. 
8. Modification 
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties relating to the 
subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior agreements, representations and 
understanding, whether written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof. Prior drafts 
of this Agreement shall not be used in any action involving the interpretation or 
enforcement of this Agreement. All modifications to this Agreement shall be in writing 
and signed by the Parties hereto. 
EFTA00592706
--- PAGE 7 ---
Great St. Jim 
NOVA-04- r6-srr 
Supplemental Consent Agreement 
Page 7 of 7 
9. Jurisdiction 
This Agreement shall be construed and its performance enforced under the laws of the 
United States Virgin Islands. 
10. Representations 
Each person executing this Agreement represents that the party hereto on whose behalf 
the person is executing this Agreement has duly authorized the execution of this 
Agreement and that such person is authorized to execute this Agreement on behalf of 
such party. 
JE 
L. ORIOL 
D' 
or — Coastal Zone Management 
Lindberg Bay, Suite #61 
Cy E. King Airport 
Terminal Building, 2nd Floor 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
J FFER 
GREAT St JIM, LLC 
Popular, Inc., Sole Member, President 
SO ORDERED THIS OS DAY OF  3tine..
,   2017 
ABLE DA7N L. HENRY, COMMISSIONER 
DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
EFTA00592707

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592708.pdf
----------------------------------------
LAN KLER SIEFERT & WOHL LLF. 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW 
33.15 FLOOR 
500 FIFTH AVENUE 
NEW YORK, N. Y. I0110-3398 
WWW.LSWLAW.CON 
February 24, 2011 
BY E-MAIL AND FEDEX 
The Honorable Anthony J. Carpinello 
JAMS 
620 Eighth Avenue, 34th Floor 
New York, New York 10018 
TELEPHONE 
TELEFAX 
Re: 
Fortress VRF I LLC and Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC v. Jeepers, Inc. 
JAMS Ref. No. 1425006537 
Dear Judge Carpinello: 
Third-Party Respondents Daniel B. Zwim, D.B. Zwim & Co. L.P. ("DBZ"), DBZ GP, 
and Zwirn Holdings, LLC submit this letter in response to Third-Party Claimants Financial Trust 
Company, Inc. and Jeepers, Inc.'s (collectively, "Jeepers") request for permission to depose 
Perry Gruss, DBZ's former Chief Financial Officer. 
We submit that Jeepers has not met its burden to show good cause why Mr. Gruss's 
deposition should be taken, and Your Honor should deny permission to take his deposition.' 
In its February 14, 2011 letter, Jeepers tries to portray Mr. Gruss as indispensible to its 
case. A fair reading of Jeepers' claims reveals that the proffered testimony is—at best—
tangential and would lead to a diversion from the central issues in the case. 
The primary issue in this case is when Jeepers was entitled to redeem its investment in 
the D.B. Zwirn Special Opportunities Fund (the "Fund"). Jeepers alleges that during a 
conversation with Mr. Zwim on November 13, 2006, Jeffrey Epstein, Jeepers' owner, asked to 
redeem Jeepers' entire investment (worth approximately $135 million at that time). Jeepers 
alleges that Mr. Zwim promised that if Mr. Epstein sought to redeem only $80 million of 
Jeepers' investment, that request would be honored quickly.2 We contend that Mr. Epstein's 
allegations arc a recent fabrication and that Mr. Zwim made no such promise to Mr. Epstein. 
Jeepers further claims that it was permitted to redeem its entire investment on November 13, 
2006, which the Third-Party Respondents also dispute. 
I We note that the standards for discovery in this arbitration are very different from those in federal or state court 
litigation. In their partnership agreement, the panics specifically agreed that "prearbitration discovery shall be 
limited to the greatest extent provided by the rules ofJAMS," which provide that parties are limited to one 
deposition of an opposing party. The test for additional depositions is not mere relevance; rather, as Your Honor 
stated during our February 8, 2011 conference call, "good cause" must be shown. Jeepers has not met that burden. 
See Jeepers' Third-Party Complaint at Paragraph 37. 
EFTA00592708

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592709.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAUL, WEISS, RIFKIND, WHARTON 6' GARRISON LLP 
1288 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10019.5054 
TELEPHONE 12121373-3030 
LLOYD K. GARRISON I 19415. 99999 
RANDOLPH C. PAUL 0540-15501 
SIMON H. RIFKIND 
111/30.11105) 
LOUIS S. WEISS 
I HEa7-I0110) 
JOHN F. WHARTON 
11127.111771 
WRITER'S DIRECT OPAL NUMBER 
WRITER'S DIRECT FACSIMILE 
WRITER'S DIRECT EMAIL ADDRESS 
BY EMAIL 
UNIT 31101. FORTUNE PLAZA *Ince TOWER A 
NO. 7 DON. SANHUAN ZHONGLU 
CHAO YANG D STRICT 
BEIJING 100020 
PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA 
I•ONt 
I 2TH FLOOR, HONG KONG CLUB BUILDING 
3A 
ROAD. CENTRAL 
HONG KONG 
TELCIIHEINE 
Hon. Anthony J. Carpinello (Ret.) 
Arbitrator, JAMS 
620 Eighth Avenue, 34th Floor 
New York, NY 10019 
ALDER CASTLE 
NOME STREET 
TELEPHONE 
•uKOKU Sawn BUILDING 
UCHISAIWAICHO 2Emomg 
CluTODA•Ru. TOKYOMilli
TELEPHONE 
2001 IC annex NW 
WASHINGTON. OC 200003.1047 
TELEPHONE I 
500 DELAWARE AVENUE. Sun E 200 
POST Or VICE BOA 32 
WILMINGTON. 
I0022-0032 
TELEPHONE 
February 24, 2011 
A
MATTN 
HEJ . A
W W. *rASNOOTY 
/ALLAN
ROBERT A AMMO 
LSINiN B. ATM "'
DANIEL! SELLER 
MiNgliLtr.a0 
MARK 
BERGMAN 
BRUCE 2pg0EHNING
N. CHRIST 
ELITAGET
 R MCOOLM 
DAVID 
A 
LO 
INC 
MARK • MONO
JAMES L. 'TeX 
ReAVM.? 
STEIN 
JEAN 
K. cKIAN 
YVON E V. F. CHAN 
WEN 
.mt 
P R 
Il V eAr= cf.LAYTON 
DANIEL J. KRAMER 
STEPHEN  R 
LAKH 
LAM)'
P 
JOHN c. kArigi 
DANIEL J. LE FELL 
XIACITU GREG 1.41 
JEFFREY 0 MA 
LL 
MARCO V MASO 
I 
EDWIN S MAYNARD 
LSOHN 
JOHN 
TOW( 
blYERwN 
CATHERINE NYARADY 
IRA ?MI 
LLEY 
• 
KER.
551.1E"2: r.treass... 
MARK r PowinAnn 
mivesk 
5.EISN
 hI t&WAN 6 R 
WALTER G. •ICLARDI 
CARL L. 
THOMAS V tIE LA illASTIDC III 
WALTER RIEMAN 
JAMES M. DUBIN 
PET 17  R0THENglia°
Ili; 
/tliS tIgI CATON 
AND 
W C. FINCH 
ROBERTO 'Hal 
talTERRICF.1P-EnDER 
MARTIN FLUMENBAUM 
ANDREW). FOLEY 
HARRIS 
PREIDUS 
MANUEL B. FREY 
KENNETH A. GALLO 
MICHAEL 
DC 
OMAN 
PAUL 0. GINS° RG 
ROBERTA M
t 1141JM 
218 8.0MW4 
CHARLES H. GODGE. JR. 
ANDREW 0 GORDON 
BRUCE A 
2ta€1.°MALPara III 
CLAUDIAC H 
 HAMMERMAN 
BRIAN S. HEIIMMNN 
PATIVITtisill HIRSH
JOYCE B. HUANG 
DAVID S. HUNTINGTON 
ROM BOOM. J. KANE 
EERTA A. KAPLAN 
J
AA N
R NIVEDY 
ALAN W. KORNBERG 
•NOT ADMITTED TO M 
NEW YORK OAR 
ARIEL J. DE RELBAUM 
RICA
 A ROSEN 
L 
Lit GORDON FAGEN 
R 
NA L M 
NA 
ALW'HE 
STEIN 
JEFFREY 
SAMUELS 
WA 
WHINER 
KENNETH N. SCHNEIDER 
ROBERTS ,_SCHUMER 
JAMES 
SCHWAB 
'TEENER J. ITHIMSHAK 
Ph„
Rtit ta
ltr"
JOSEPH J,RIMONS 
MARILYNtsgA`ViART 
MOAN er 
sop 
tg. 
tilZER6PISRy 
OANIEEL
JUDITH R. THOYER 
IMARK A. 
RO 
t75`41ii
itteny 
THEOCKIR 
WELL,. JR. 
113
 WILKINSON 
STEVEN J. WILLLEMS 
LAWRENCE I. WITOORCHIC 
JORDAN
 Win 
KmaN. YOSHINO 
TRACEY A. LACCONE 
T. ROBERT ZOCHOWSIO. JR. 
REICH 
JACK..NE ; 
Iry 
VRF I LLC v. Jeepers. Inc.. JAMS Ref. No. 1425006537 
Dear Judge Carpinello: 
On behalf of Claimants VRF 1 LLC and Fortress Value Recovery Fund 1 LLC 
(together, "Claimants"), we write to object to the request of Financial Trust Company, Inc. 
and Jeepers, Inc. (together, "FTC") for permission to take the deposition of third-party 
witness Perry Gruss. As discussed further below, Claimants do not believe that the facts 
support, or the law authorizes, the issuance of a subpoena for Mr. Gruss's pre-hearing 
deposition. 
Background 
As Your Honor is aware, Claimants are involved in this matter as the inheritors 
of a dispute that began before Claimant Fortress VRF I LLC became the Managing Member 
of Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC (formerly known as D.B. Zwim Special 
Opportunities Fund, L.P. prior to its conversion from a Delaware Limited Partnership to a 
Delaware LLC on June 1, 2009) (the "Fund"). Claimants' sole interest in this dispute is to 
resolve the matter of whatever obligations are owed to FTC under the Fund's relevant 
documents, and to do so in a way that does not unfairly prejudice the interests of the Fund's 
other investors who are entitled to share in the limited proceeds available from the Fund's 
liquidation. 
EFTA00592709
--- PAGE 2 ---
PAUL, WEISS, RIFKIND, WHARTON & GARRISON LLP 
The central issue in this case is whether FTC was entitled to redeem its 
investments in the Fund at an earlier date, and, if so, by what amount. Claimants believe, 
based upon their review of the relevant withdrawal notices, the governing Fund documents, as 
well as the Fund's policies and practices concerning investors' withdrawal and redemption 
rights, that FTC's notices for withdrawal were invalid on their face. FTC alleges, however, 
that an oral conversation may have occurred prior to Claimants' involvement that FTC 
believes affects the validity of those notices. Claimants view discovery in this case as an 
opportunity to learn about that alleged conversation (and potentially other relevant 
information). 
FTC's "Fraud" Theory 
The only possible relevance of Mr. Gruss's testimony would be to explore a 
"fraud" theory that bears no relevance to the central issue in this case as described above. 
Respondents do not allege that Mr. Gruss knows anything about FTC's notices for 
withdrawal, investors' withdrawal and redemption rights generally, or any conversation that 
may or may not have taken place between the parties regarding, or to alter, those rights. 
Respondents thus appear to seek Mr. Gruss's testimony solely in order to 
determine what Daniel Zwim knew about certain financial improprieties impacting the Fund 
and when he knew about them. These issues do not bear on Mr. Epstein's (or FTC's) 
withdrawal rights. To the contrary, they raise issues that would affect all investors equally 
and thus ultimately have no effect on the relative amounts due from the Fund to each investor 
through the Fund's liquidation. FTC's claim seeks to shift a greater relative portion of the 
limited liquidation proceeds available from the other investors to Mr. Epstein. 
As a result, from the Fund's point of view, Mr. Gruss's testimony about his 
experiences as the former Chief Financial Officer of the Fund amount to nothing more than a 
sideshow that threatens to derail and distract the parties from the real issues at hand. The 
threat that Mr. Gruss's testimony may well create a sideshow is evidenced by Respondents' 
own letter, in which Respondents acknowledge that one of their purposes for seeking to 
depose Mr. Gums is to "point FTC to the critical issues" in the more than 15 million pages of 
documents produced by Zwim to the SEC. This will no doubt require the Zwim parties to 
respond in kind, either in discovery or at trial, in defense of Mr. Zwirn's behavior. 
The Fund thus believes that, for the purpose of resolving any claims against the 
Fund, the "fraud" issue is a potentially burdensome and dilatory sideshow. 
The Parties' Agreement Limits Depositions 
In addition, allowing the deposition of Mr. Gruss is contrary to the partnership 
agreement and the JAMS Rules governing the parties to this proceeding, which are both 
designed to ensure a speedy and efficient dispute resolution process. 
In the partnership agreement, the parties specifically agreed that "prearbitration 
discovery shall be limited to the greatest extent provided by the rules of JAMS." See Section 
15.2 of the Highbridge/Zwim Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. Limited Partnership 
EFTA00592710
--- PAGE 3 ---
PAUL, WEISS, RIFKIND, WHARTON & GARRISON LLP 
Agreement dated May 1, 2003. Rule 17(b) of JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules & 
Procedures provides that the parties are limited to one deposition of an opposing party. Thus, 
FTC's request for the deposition of Mr. Gruss far exceeds that limitation, particularly given 
the already now agreed-upon depositions of Jeffrey Epstein, Daniel Zwirn, Glenn Dubin, 
Harry Beller, and David Lee. 
The Arbitrator's Authority to Compel Mr. Gruss's Deposition 
Putting aside the issue of the relevance of Mr. Gruss's testimony and the 
propriety of taking his deposition under the governing contract, we believe that Respondents 
are not entitled, either under Federal or New York law, to depose Mr. Gruss because Your 
Honor lacks the authority to compel the deposition testimony of a witness who is not (unlike 
the witnesses listed above) either a representative of, or under the control of, one of the 
parties. 
Both Federal and New York law are quite clear on this point. Under the 
Federal Arbitration Act (the "FAA"), because individuals "who are not parties to the 
arbitration[] never bargained for or voluntarily agreed to participate in an arbitration[,]... . an 
arbitrator does not have the authority to compel nonparty witnesses to appear for pre-
arbitration depositions." Integrity Ins. Co. v. Am. Centennial Ins. Co., 885 F. Supp. 69, 70 
(S.D.N.Y. 1995). The Second Circuit expanded the holding of Integrity in Life Receivables 
Trust v. Syndicate 102 at Lloyd's of London, 549 F.3d 210, 216-17 (2d Cir. 2008), in which 
the Court held that arbitrators cannot compel pre-hearing discovery of any kind from third-
parties, whether in the form of depositions or document production. 
As the Integrity Court noted, while the arbitrator's authority over the parties to 
the arbitration stems from both the arbitration agreement and the FAA, because "parties to a 
contract cannot bind nonparties . . . an arbitrator's power over nonparties derives solely from 
the FAA," which the Court found provided no authority for pre-hearing depositions of third 
parties. Integrity, 885 F. Supp. at 71. Additionally, the Court pointed to the burdens that 
would be imposed on the non-party by allowing such a deposition. The Court pointed out that 
"the nonparty may be required to appear twice—once for deposition and again at the hearing. 
That a nonparty might suffer this burden in a litigation is irrelevant; arbitration is not 
litigation, and the nonparty never consented to be a part of it." Id. at 73. Moreover, the Court 
reasoned "as the deposition is not held before the arbitrator, there is nothing to protect the 
non-party from harassing or abusive discovery." Id. 
New York law is to the same effect. "[A]rbitrators d[o] not have the authority 
to order discovery." Berg v. Berg, 873 N.Y.S.2d 231, 2008 WL 4155652, at *9 (Sup. Ct. 
Kings Co. 2008); see also DaSapio v. Kolmeyer, 35 N.Y.2d 402, 406 (1974) ("Under the 
CPLR, arbiters do not have the power to direct the parties to engage in disclosure 
proceedings."); Goldsborough v. New York State Dept of Corr. Servs., 628 N.Y.S.2d 813, 
814 (2d Dep't 1995) (same). While CPLR § 7505 does confer upon the arbitrator the power 
to issue subpoenas, "[t]he subpoena power conferred by CPLR 7505 is limited to the 
procuring of evidence for the hearing or trial of the dispute. Depositions or other forms of 
pretrial discovery are not ordinarily contemplated in arbitration proceedings." Vincent C. 
Alexander, Practice Commentaries, CPLR 7505 McKinney's (1998) (emphasis added). As a 
EFTA00592711
--- PAGE 4 ---
PAUL, WEISS, RIFICIND, WHARTON 6' GARRISON LLP 
third party not under the control of any party in this case, Mr. Gruss cannot be compelled to 
testify at a pre-hearing deposition. 
For the foregoing reasons, Claimants respectfully request that Your Honor 
deny Respondents' request for the deposition of Mr. Gruss. 
Respectfully submitted, 
cc: 
Harry P. Susman (counsel for Financial Trust Company, Inc. and Jeepers, Inc.) 
John Siffert (counsel for Daniel B. Zwirn), 
William O'Brien (counsel for D.B. Zwim Partners, LLC; D.B. Zwim & Co., L.P.; 
DBZ GP, LLC; and Zwim Holdings, LW) 
EFTA00592712

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592713.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
CASE NO.: 502009CA0408003OOOCMBAO 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
.1., individually, 
Defendants. 
/ 
COUNTER-PLAINTIFF EDWARDS' MOTION TO OVERRULE 
COUNTER-DEFENDANT EPSTEIN'S OBJECTIONS 
AND TO COMPEL ANSWERS TO INTERROGATORIES 
Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley Edwards ("Edwards"), pursuant to Florida Rule of Civil 
Procedure 1.380, moves for an order overruling the blanket attorney-client privilege objections 
raised by Counter-Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), in answers to interrogatories, and 
compelling Epstein to answer the interrogatories, and states: 
Background 
1. 
Epstein is a convicted felon for having engaged in illicit sexual activity with 
numerous underaged girls over a period of years. 
2. 
Edwards represented three of Epstein's victims in connection with criminal 
investigations and civil lawsuits. 
3. 
In an effort to avoid compensatory and punitive damage liability, to deter 
cooperation in the ongoing criminal investigations, and to intimidate his victims and their 
EFTA00592713

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592714.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 298 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/26/2015 Page 1 of 8 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 9:08-cv-80736-ICAM 
JANE DOE #1 and JANE DOE #2. 
Petitioners, 
vs. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Respondent. 
VICTIMS' RESPONSE TO ORDER REQUESTING JUSTIFICATION 
FOR ESPTEIN'S UNOPPOSED MOTION FOR 
A SUPPLEMENTAL PROTECTIVE ORDER 
COME NOW petitioners Jane Doe No. I and Jane Doe 2, as well as movants Jane Doe 
No. 3 and Jane Doe No. 4 ("the victims"'), to respond to the Court's Order Requesting 
Justification for Intervenor Epstein's Unopposed Motion for a Protective Order (DE 286). The 
victims believe that the motion should be denied. The only reason the victims' did not oppose 
the motion earlier was their (perhaps mistaken) belief that the Court had already directed that 
they were not to file the most recently-disclosed plea bargain correspondence in the public court 
file and that they must agree on protective order language with Epstein's attorneys. But in light 
of the Court's recent request for justification, the victims wish to reassert their position that the 
correspondence should be cited in the open court file. The victims also believe that Epstein's 
' As promised in their pending motion to join (DE 280), Jane Doe No. 3 and Jane Doe No. 4 do not seek 
to expand the number of pleadings filed in this case. If allowed to join this action, they would simply 
support the pleadings already being filed by Jane Doe No. I and Jane Doe No. 2 — including this pleading. 
EFTA00592714
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 298 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/26/2015 Page 2 of 8 
recent pleading makes clear that there is no basis for keeping the correspondence in the most 
recent pleading out of the public court file. 
By way of background, the Court will recall that it previously ruled that correspondence 
between prosecutors and defense attorneys in this case was not confidential. DE 188.2 Epstein 
then took an interlocutory appeal to the Eleventh Circuit, which affirmed this Court's ruling. See 
Jane Doe No. I v. U.S., 749 F.3d 999, 1008 (1 1 th Cir. 2014) ("No privilege prevents the 
disclosure of the plea negotiations."). Following that ruling, the U.S. Attorney's Office provided 
some new correspondence to victims' counsel, and Epstein moved for a protective order 
preventing its disclosure. DE 247. The victims opposed that motion and argued that the parties 
to this case should be able to cite correspondence regarding the non-prosecution agreement in 
their public court filings. DE 251. The Court then entered a brief order, granting in part and 
denying in part Epstein's motion for a protective order. The Court's order contained this 
passage: 
Epstein argues that good cause exists for protecting the correspondence because 
this is a "high profile" case, and petitioners' counsel has made numerous 
comments to the press about this case in the past. See Motion, Ex. 2-4 (DE 247-2 
— 4). The Court finds that Epstein has shown good cause to prevent potential 
dissemination of the correspondence between the government and the intervenors 
to the press for the purposes of generating publicity. Accordingly, the provisions 
that would limit disclosure of the correspondence in question to the proposed list 
of people are acceptable. However, the Court finds the proposed requirement to 
seek leave of Court to seal the filing every time a party files a motion is overly 
restrictive and that it will inhibit the administration of this case. Any party may 
file any document subject to the limited protective order in connection with any 
All of the procedural history surrounding the correspondence is recounted at greater length in DE 251 at 
1-7. 
EFTA00592715
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 298 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/26/2015 Page 3 of 8 
motion when such document is relevant to the prosecution or defense of any 
motion. 
DE 255 at 4-5. 
In light of this passage, Epstein's counsel contacted victims' counsel and requested entry 
of a broad protective order that placed all correspondence under seal, even in Court filings. 
Epstein's counsel persuaded victims' counsel that this was the fair reading of the order and 
intention of the Court. 
Perhaps misunderstanding the Court's order (and particularly its 
admonition directing counsel to agree to the terms of protective order), the victims' counsel did 
not oppose the terms of the protective order proposed by Epstein's counsel, and counsel for 
Epstein then submitted the protective order as an unopposed motion (DE 261). It is this 
unopposed motion that the Court has requested be justified. 
The victims respect the Court's previous brief order on the confidentiality of the 
correspondence, and indeed may have read that order as extending more broadly than the Court 
intended it to extend. The victims do not wish to question any earlier court ruling. But so that 
the record remains clear, the victims continue to assert all their arguments that they previously 
advanced against keeping the correspondence under seal. See generally DE 251 at 1-18. As the 
Court will recall, the victims argued that it was already the "law of the case" that some 
correspondence could be included in public court filings (id. at 7-8), 3 that sealing the 
The victims cited DE 188, in which the Court had ruled that it "finds no legitimate compelling interest 
which warrants the continued suppression of this evidentiary material under seal in this proceeding." DE 
188 at 9-10. Under this order, some of the correspondence associated with the non-prosecution 
agreement is part of the public record, while other, more recently-produced correspondence remains at 
issue. 
EFTA00592716
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 298 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/26/2015 Page 4 of 8 
correspondence would prevent the public from learning about matters of considerable public 
concern (id. at 8-11), and that Epstein has failed to establish either a legal basis or factual "good 
cause" for a protective order (id. at 11-16). 
Epstein's latest filing attempting to justify a protective order (DE 295) only makes clearer 
any lack of justification for keeping the correspondence under seal when included as part of an 
otherwise public court filing. Epstein's pleading begins by reciting various Eleventh Circuit 
cases which he suggests should "guide" the Court's inquiry in this area. DE 295 at 4. But not 
included among these relevant cases is Jane Doe No. 1 v. U.S., 749 F.3d 999 (11th Cir. 2014), 
which ruled that the very correspondence at issue in this case is not privileged. 
Epstein then goes on to attempt to establish "good cause" for keeping the correspondence 
under seal, even in publicly-filed court pleadings. Epstein contends that the plea correspondence 
is "confidential" even if it is not privileged. But Epstein does not discuss this Court's earlier 
order — DE 188 — which specifically found the correspondence was not confidential and directed 
the victims "to file unreduced pleading, including attached correspondence, in the open court 
file." DE 188 at 10. 
Epstein also never grapples with the fact that the correspondence between his defense 
attorneys and the prosecutors is central to this lawsuit. As victims had discussed at length 
earlier, "what the defense attorneys and prosecutors discussed and agreed to lies at the heart of 
this case." DE 251 at 12. If Epstein's protective order is entered, much of the litigation will 
essentially have to be carried on in secret, as the victims will file correspondence under seal, and 
then the Government or putative intervenors (i.e., Epstein, Dershowitz, or others) will file 
responding correspondence under seal. 
EFTA00592717
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 298 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/26/2015 Page 5 of 8 
Epstein argues that there is a "real" danger that correspondence will simply be "dumped 
as purported exhibits to motions even when not relevant" to issues at hand. Yet in spite of six-
and-a-half years of litigation to choose from, Epstein can find only a single example to prove his 
point: a pleading that does not involve him. In a recently-filed pleading, the victims quoted from 
correspondence written by one of Epstein's attorneys (Alan Dershowitz) in connection to 
responding to a motion for intervention by Dershowitz. See DE 291 at 38. The victims also 
attached the entire letter in which Dershowitz wrote those words to avoid any suggestion that his 
words were wrenched out of context. Epstein now contends that the letter was attached "to 
satisfy a craving for what is sensational or scandalous." DE 295 at 14. But as the Court can 
quickly verify by reviewing the letter, it does not contain "scandalous" material. Instead, the 
letter makes only a very few factual representations about Epstein's sexual abuse — one of which 
is quoted by the victims — and then makes extensive legal arguments about whether federal 
prosecution is warranted.4 Without quoting from the letter in this public court filing, the Court 
can easily verify that the first part of the letter discusses congressional purpose of various federal 
statutes, the second part provides an overview of various statutes, the third part reviews statutory 
text, the fourth part makes an argument about the breath of a particular statute, the fifth part 
makes arguments about other reasons why the statute is inapplicable to the case, and the sixth 
part offers a conclusion about how the statutes apply in this case. The letter then finishes with a 
Epstein contends that there are "exhibits" attached to the twenty-three page letter, but this is incorrect. 
The only thing that the victims attached was the letter itself. 
EFTA00592718
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 298 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/26/2015 Page 6 of 8 
plea for prosecutorial leniency. The letter is thus hardly salacious, but does provide valuable 
insight into the issues which the victims were addressing in their pleading.5
Epstein concludes by asserting that "Epstein and a host of other individuals have been the 
subject of the most outlandish and offensive attacks, allegations, and plain inventions." DE 295 
at 16. But Epstein does not indicate which, if any, of the alleged "attacks" in the current 
pleadings are untrue or are otherwise "inventions." To the extent that Epstein is criticizing the 
victims' pleadings, the victims stand prepared to prove their assertions as the case progresses. 
Indeed, as the Court is well aware, the victims have sought thousands of pages of documents 
(currently before the Court for in camera review) which will help in that effort. 
The victims have now obtained the full text of correspondence between the defense 
attorneys and the prosecutors. As the Court knows, the victims have previously alleged that (for 
example) the defense attorneys pushed prosecutors to agree to a confidentiality provision that 
illegally kept the non-prosecution agreement secret from the victims — and the public. Allowing 
that issue to be litigated in public pleadings does not "ratify private spite or promote public 
scandal" (DE 295 at 16) but rather promotes public confidence that these important issue are 
being handled appropriately by the Court. See In re Hearst Newspapers, LLC., 641 F.3d 168, 
177 (5th Cir. 2011) (conducting criminal proceedings without the public present "breed[s] 
suspicion of prejudice and arbitrariness, which in turn spawns disrespect for the law"). 
CONCLUSION 
The victims would have no objection to only a few pages of the letter being entered into the public 
court file if the Court believes that other, surrounding pages are not required for context. 
EFTA00592719
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 298 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/26/2015 Page 7 of 8 
For all these reasons, the victims request that the Court deny Epstein's motion for a 
supplemental protective order (DE 261) and instead enter an appropriate order allowing all of the 
parties to quote from the correspondence in their public pleadings in this case and to attach 
unsealed exhibits relating to filed pleadings. 
DATED: January 26. 2015 
Respectfully Submitted, 
/s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, M. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone 
Facsimile 
E-mail: 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah.
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone 
Facsimile: 
E-Mail: 
Attorneys for Jane Does Nos. 1, 2, 3, and 4 
This daytime business address is provided for identification and correspondence purposes only and is 
not intended to imply institutional endorsement by the University of Utah 
EFTA00592720
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 298 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/26/2015 Page 8 of 8 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document was served on January 26, 2015, on the following 
using the Court's CM/ECF system: 
Dexter Lee 
A. Marie Villafafia 
500 S. Australian Ave., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Attorneys for the Government 
Roy Black, Esq. 
Jackie Perczek, Esq. 
BLACK, SREBNICK, KORNSPAN 
& STUMPF, ■. 
201 South Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 1300 
Miami, Florida 33131 
Tele hone 305 371-6421 
Fax 
Martin G. Weinberg, Esq. 
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, 
Park Plaza 
Suite 1000 
Boston, MA 02116 
Tele hone: 617 227-3700 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
/s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00592721

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592722.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Mon. 26 January 2015 18:31:25 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page I of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
AgentDetalls 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing authorization is received. Please contact your 
travel office by 11:59 PM on January 27. or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details 
Thursday 29 Jan 15 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES ARE REQUIRED TO CARRY A CERTIFIED BIRTH CERTIFICATE WITH A PICTURE ID 
OR A PASSPORT. 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES- VALID GOVERMENT ISSUED ID 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
er can Airlines 
Flight 
AA986 
Origin 
Charlotte Amalie, Cyril E King Airport 
Destination 
Miami. Miami International 
Departing 
03:57 PM 
Arriving 
06:00 PM 
Class 
L Economy Class 
Seats 
Unassigned 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 3 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 757-200/300 
Meal 
Food For Purchase 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY BE SUBJECT 
TO AN INCREASE IN FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary ANLJKI 
EFTA00592722
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
• 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 72 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS - 
• 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
• 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property. such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at 
To book your stay, visit 
or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain MOM categories are not eligible for upgrade: cat Centurion Travel Service for details 
•' Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at 
Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans, please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise. accommodations, transportation or other SeNiCeS, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services in cludng. without limitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandator/ hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your slay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your tnp regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation Important Stine ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit 
for more information 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carnage of hazardous materials aboard Swart in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants, lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in you luggage and certain snicking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your aidine representative or visit hitp:,,,%ww.faa.gov,abouQinttiati,e5.,hazmat_sale:y,. 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operation, accidents or 
failures of equipment. or changes in fares. itineranes or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods, climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities, cad 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft, disease. accidents or failures related to the public internet telecommunications lines or facikties. or third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you ki finding travel suppliers and makng arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppbers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
oaten suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supportng technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppler& and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppbers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction rs covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located ki California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a dam with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than 550 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maxi-num amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15.000. A 
Page 2 of 3 
Itinerary ANLJKI 
:
WV E RICAN 
ECPR E SS 
EFTA00592723
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your dam 
and a $35 processeig fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim forrn by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: S 
Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: iinwricrenfo.org. 
MMIOTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within Italy (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to tie vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless tie 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA; 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of travel services or a 
vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To Wail information relating to your rights under the Recovery 
Fund and the fang of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund. you may contact the Consumer Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at 
the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue. Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104. Phone: 
Fax: 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kietzke Lane. Building B. Suite 113. Reno. Nevada 89502. Phone: 
California CST#1022318. Washington UBIft600-469-694. Iowa TA$002, Nevada NVAI2001-0126. 
Fax: 
. 
Page 3 of 3 
Itinerary AINILIKI 
6m
- FAIN 
RE 55 
EFTA00592724

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592725.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592725.pdf
----------------------------------------
FOURTH DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
CASE NO.: 4D14-2282 
L.T. Case No.: 502009CA040800 
Appellant, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Appellee. 
/ 
APPELLEE'S OBJECTION TO APPELLANT'S APPENDIX 
Appellee, Jeffrey Epstein, objects to the Appendix which was filed with the 
Appellant's Initial Brief on December 30, 2014. 
As an attachment to the 
Appendix, the Appellant filed a document dated February 6, 2014 which is entitled 
as a Motion for Reconsideration. The state of the Record concerning this February 
6, 2014 document is not at all clear and this document may not be properly before 
this court. In any event, the Record indicates that the trial court's order granting 
summary judgment was entered on May 21, 2014, which was almost five months 
after the February 6, 2014 Motion for Reconsideration. Appellee, Jeffrey Epstein, 
therefore reserves the right to make appropriate arguments regarding this document 
and to do so within his Answer Brief when that document becomes due for filing. 
EFTA00592725
--- PAGE 2 ---
I certify that the foregoing has been furnished electronically to the following 
this 9th day of January, 2015: 
William B. King 
Searcy Dennyicarola Barnhart 
& Shipley, .. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
W. Chester Brewer, Jr. 
W. Chester Brewer, Jr. M. 
250 S. Australian Ave., Ste. 1400 
West Palm Beach FL 33401 
Mark Nurik 
Law Offices of Mark S. Nurik 
I E. Broward Blvd., Ste. 700 
Ft. Lauderdale FL 33301 
Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad, M. 
315 SE 7th Street, Ste. 301 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Philip M. Burlington 
Burlington & Rockenbach, M. 
Courthouse Commons/Suite 350 
444 W. Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Fred Haddad 
Fred Haddad, M. 
Financial Plaza, Ste. 2612 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Jack Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, MI. 
250 S. Australian Ave., Ste. 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissizgi Edwards, 
Fistos & Lehrman, M. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Ste. 2 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
EFTA00592726
--- PAGE 3 ---
/s/ John Beranek 
JOHN BERANEK 
Fla. Bar No.: 0005419 
Ausley & McMullen 
Post Office Box 391 
Tallahassee, FL 32302 
facsimile) 
ATTORNEYS FOR APPELLEE, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EFTA00592727

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592728.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592728.pdf
----------------------------------------
FOURTH DISTRICT COURT OF APPEAL 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
CASE NO.: 4D14-2282 
L.T. Case No.: 502009CA040800 
Appellant, 
RECEIVED, 1/21/2015 5:37 PM, Clerk, Fourth District Court of Appeal 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Appellee. 
NOTICE OF AGREED 30-DAY EXTENSION 
The undersigned, as counsel for Appellee, Jeffrey Epstein, has agreed with 
opposing counsel, Philip M. Burlington, that the time for serving the Appellee's 
Answer Brief may be extended for 30-days to February 25, 2015. 
I certify that the foregoing has been furnished electronically to the following 
this 21st day of January, 2015: 
William B. King 
Searcy Dennylcarola Barnhart 
& Shipley, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach. FL 33409 
W. Chester Brewer, Jr. 
W. Chester Brewer, Jr. E. 
250 S. Australian Ave., Ste. 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Philip M. Burlington 
Burlington & Rockenbach, 
Courthouse Commons/Suite 350 
444 W. Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach FL 
1 
Fred Haddad 
Fred Haddad, M. 
Financial Plaza, Ste. 2612 
Ft. Lauderdale FL 33301 
EFTA00592728
--- PAGE 2 ---
Mark Nurik 
Law Offices of Mark S. Nurik 
I E. Broward Blvd., Ste. 700 
Ft. Lauderdale FL 33301 
Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad, E. 
315 SE 7th Street, Ste. 301 
Ft. Lauderdale FL 33301 
Jack Goldberger 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, E. 
250 S. Australian Ave., Ste. 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Bradley J. Edwards 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weississit Edwards, 
Fistos & Lehrman, .. 
425 N. Andrews Ave., Ste. 2 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33301 
/s/ John Beranek 
JOHN BERANEK 
Fla. Bar No.: 0005419 
Ausley & McMullen 
Post Office Box 391 
Tallahassee, FL 32302 
facsimile) 
ATTORNEYS FOR APPELLEE, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EFTA00592729

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592730.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592730.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 91 Filed 04/11/16 Page 1 of 3 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
X 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
X 
15-cv-07433-RWS 
Motion To Exceed Page Limits For Reply In Support Of 
Defendant's Motion To Compel 
Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell, through counsel, hereby requests that the Court permit the 
filing of a reply memorandum in excess of the 10 pages permitted pursuant to this Court's 
Practice Standard 2D. As grounds, she further avers as follows: 
Defendant was forced to bring her Motion to Compel as to each and every one of 
Plaintiff's interrogatory responses and each and every one of her responses to the Request for 
Production. 
The issues raised in the Motion to Compel are at once novel (Plaintiff asserts, for 
example, a "public interest privilege" which is unavailable to individual, non-governmental 
litigants) and mundane (Plaintiff completely refused to answer interrogatories, even though they 
comply with the Federal and Local Rules). 
Because of the breadth of the issues raised, Defendant's obligations in fully and fairly 
responding to Plaintiffs intransigence and creative litigation tactics could not be amply be set 
forth in 10 pages. 
EFTA00592730
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 91 Filed 04/11/16 Page 2 of 3 
Further, Plaintiff "incorporated by reference" her response to Defendant's Motion for a 
Protective Order for purposes of attempting to explain her refusal to respond to proper 
interrogatories, thus causing her "response" to well-exceed 25 pages. 
WHEREFORE, Defendant respectfully requests the Court's indulgence in permitting an 
page reply memoranda which is necessary to fully and fairly set forth rebuttal to Plaintiff's 
Response to the Motion to Compel. 
Dated: April 11, 2016 
Respectfully submitted, 
/s/ Laura A. Menninger 
Laura A. Menninger (LM-1374) 
Jeffrey S. Pagliuca 
HADDON, MORGAN AND FOREMAN, P.C. 
150 East 10th Avenue 
Denver, CO 80203 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell 
EFTA00592731
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 91 Filed 04/11/16 Page 3 of 3 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that on April 11, 2016, I electronically served this DEFENDANT'S MOTION 
FOR LEAVE TO EXCEED PAGE LIMITS via ECF on the following: 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
BOTES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER, LLP 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Ste. 1200 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Is/ Nicole Simmons 
Nicole Simmons 
EFTA00592732

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592733.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592733.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 23082060 E-Filed 01/28/2015 02:43:13 PM 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
and BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
individually. 
Defendants. 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XVOCMBAG 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S MOTION FOR AN 
ORDER OF PROTECTION AND INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"), by and through his 
undersigned counsel and pursuant to Rule 1.280(c) of the Florida Rules of Civil 
Procedure, hereby requests that this Court enter an Order of Protection from 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Bradley Edwards's ("Edwards") January 21, 2015 Notice of 
Taking Deposition (videotaped) of Jeffrey Epstein and Edwards's January 21, 2015 
Requests for Production to Epstein. In support thereof, Epstein states: 
INTRODUCTION 
On May 19, 2014, this Court granted Epstein's Motion for Summary Judgment as 
to both counts of Edwards's Complaint. This Court entered Final Judgment in favor of 
Epstein on May 27, 2014. On June 2, 2014, Epstein filed his Motion for Costs and 
Attorneys' Fees pursuant to §768.79 of the Florida Statutes and Rule 1.442 of the 
Florida Rules of Civil Procedure. This Motion is still pending, but all issues were fully 
briefed by the parties as requested by this Court as of January 12, 2015. Epstein's 
entitlement to Costs and Attorneys' Fees is a question of law for the Court, as it is the 
Court which must determine whether Epstein's Proposal for Settlement and its attached 
release agreement were in compliance with the applicable Florida Statute and Florida 
Tonja Haddad, 
.
•
315 SE 7th Street, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301• 954.467.1223 
EFTA00592733
--- PAGE 2 ---
Rule of Civil Procedure. There is no basis in law pursuant to which Edwards may now 
seek discovery from Epstein regarding his Proposal for Settlement. 
However, notwithstanding that Final Judgment was entered in this matter, and 
that Epstein's entitlement to costs and attorneys' fees has not yet been decided, Edwards 
served a Notice of Taking Deposition (videotaped) of Jeffrey Epstein and a Request for 
Production to Epstein on January 21, 2015. As demonstrated more fully below, Edwards 
cannot engage in discovery practice while this matter is in its current procedural posture, 
and an Order of Protection in favor of Epstein is required. 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Rule 1.280(c) of the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure affords the Court discretion 
to grant protective orders "for good cause shown" and "to protect a party from annoyance 
embarrassment, oppression, or undue burden or expense that justice requires." FLA. 
R.Civ. P. 1.280(c) (2012); Orlando Sports Stadium, Inc. v. Sentinel Star Company, 316 
So. 2d 607, 610 (Fla. 4th DCA 1975); Gross v. Security Trust Company, 453 So. 2d 944, 
945 (Fla. 4th DCA 1984). Upon the showing of good cause, the court may protect the 
party by issuing an order "that discovery not be had." FLA. R.Cry. P. 1.280(c) (2012). 
It is well settled law that "[a]side from Rule 1.290(b), which is designed to 
preserve testimony, and Rule 1.560 governing depositions in aid of execution, discovery 
under the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure is limited to `pending actions.' Berger v. 
Rivenvind Parking, LLP, 836 So. 2d 1073, 1075 (Fla. 5th DCA 2003); FLA. R.Ov. P 
1.280(b). Likewise, "once the final judgment is entered, the need for discovery is over." 
Id. 
While post-judgment discovery is generally permitted by the courts before an 
evidentiary hearing is held on the amount of an award of costs and attorneys' fees, 
Tonja Haddad, 
•
315 SE 7th Street, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301• 954.467.1223 
EFTA00592734
--- PAGE 3 ---
Epstein submits that because the Court has yet to rule on his entitlement to his costs and 
attorneys' fees, Edwards cannot seek irrelevant discovery at this post judgment stage of 
litigation. In the case at hand, Edwards is impermissibly engaging in post judgment 
discovery practice; seeking both a deposition of Epstein and responses to Requests for 
Production. The only post-judgment issue pending at this time before the Court is solely a 
question of law; to wit: whether Epstein's Proposal for Settlement and its attached 
release agreement were, on their face, in compliance with §768.79 of the Florida 
Statutes, Rule 1.442 of the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, and applicable case law. 
Accordingly, Edwards's Notice of Taking Deposition and Requests for Production must 
be stricken or an Order of Protection entered'. 
Furthermore, even assuming that Edwards had a legal basis upon which to rely in 
seeking discovery and deposition testimony from Epstein at this juncture of the case, the 
information sought by Edwards is irrelevant to both the issue of the validity of Epstein's 
Proposal for Settlement and the issue of the amount of Costs and Attorneys' Fees to 
which Epstein would be entitled. Specifically, Edwards's discovery requests are seeking 
information regarding "expenditures directed at overcoming, counter-balancing, or 
suppressing adverse media attention focused on any criminal charges lodged" against 
Epstein and other similar information that is indisputably not germane to any issue upon 
which post-judgment discovery may be had. Accordingly, there is a requisite showing of 
good cause for the Court to protect Epstein by issuing an Order "that discovery not be 
had." FLA. R.Civ. P. 1.280(c) (2014). 
I Because Final Judgment has already been entered, Epstein is cognizant of the fact that this Court may 
not be permitted to enter any Orders related to these improper discovery requests filed by Edwards, but 
files this Motion only in direct response to Edwards's actions and to preserve any rights or recourse he may 
have regarding same. 
Tonja Haddad, 
.
•
315 SE 7th Street, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301• 954.467.1223 
EFTA00592735
--- PAGE 4 ---
CONCLUSION 
For all of the reasons above, and in reliance upon the case law cited above, 
Epstein respectfully requests that this Court enter an Order of Protection in favor of 
Epstein, and such further and other relief as this Court deems just and proper. 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served 
upon all parties listed below, via Electronic Service, this January 28, 2015. 
Is/ Tonja Haddad Coleman 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
Fla. Bar No.: 0176737 
LAW OFFICE OF TONJA HADDAD, PA 
315 SE Ts Street 
Suite 301 
e, Florida 33301 
(facsimile) 
Tonja Haddad, M. • 315 SE 7th Street, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301• 954.467.1223 
EFTA00592736
--- PAGE 5 ---
SERVICE LIST - CASE NO. S02009CA04080030CXXMBAG 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola et al. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury, Goldberger, & Weiss, PA 
250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Marc Nurik, Esq. 
East Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
Fanner Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos Lehrman 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Fred Haddad, Esq. 
Fred Haddad, PA 
Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
Law Offices of Tonja Haddad, MI. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
William B. King, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola et al. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Burlington & Rockenbach, M. 
Courthouse Commons, Suite 350 
444 West Railroad Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Tonja Haddad, 
• 315 SE 7th Street, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301• 954.467.1223 
EFTA00592737

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592738.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 300 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/28/2015 Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE I and JANE DOE 2, 
Plaintiffs, 
v. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, : 
Defendant. 
EPSTEIN'S REPLY IN SUPPORT OF SUPPLEMENTAL PROTECTIVE ORDER 
There is no doubt that the Eleventh Circuit has held that Epstein's plea negotiation and 
settlement communications are not privileged. We acknowledged this throughout our initial 
filing. However, there also can be no doubt that despite these negotiations not being privileged, 
they are still confidential by longstanding tradition. And confidential material can be filed under 
seal, even if it is relevant, as the plaintiffs say, to an issue in the case. The question is not 
whether the material is relevant, but whether good cause exists to temporarily seal this 
confidential information pending a determination by the court as to whether all or part or none of 
the communications should be made public. 
The best example of good cause for keeping these materials sealed is the claim by the 
plaintiffs that the settlement communications need to be publicly filed because they show that 
Mr. Epstein's lawyers "pushed prosecutors to agree to a confidentiality provision that illegally 
kept the non-prosecution agreement secret from the victims." [DE 298 at 6]. Yet the 23-page 
defense letter that the plaintiffs propose to file publicly with their opposition to Professor 
Dershowitz's intervention makes no mention of any confidentiality agreement or any agreement 
EFTA00592738
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 300 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/28/2015 Page 2 of 4 
to keep the Non-Prosecution Agreement secret. Indeed, the letter makes no mention at all of 
notification to the plaintiffs. Mr. Epstein has a principled basis to distrust the decision-making as 
to what documents the plaintiffs will append to a pleading and therefore contends that a 
temporary sealing order is appropriate under the circumstances of this case.' 
There is good cause to issue the protective order we have requested until the Court can 
make a considered determination of whether these traditionally confidential plea negotiations 
should be made part of this public record. The relief we seek is temporary, to maintain the status 
quo until the Court has determined that the balance weighs in favor of unsealing a letter relating 
to an issue being disputed in good faith. FTC v. Abbvie Prod. LLC, 713 F.3d 54, 63 (11th Cir. 
2013) ("The test for whether a judicial record can be withheld from the public is a balancing test 
The CVRA expressly provides that "Nothing in this chapter shall be construed to impair 
the prosecutorial discretion of the Attorney General or any officer under his direction." 18 U.S.C. 
§ 3771(d)(6). The Act codifies the long-standing principle that "[t]he Attorney General and 
United States Attorneys retain broad discretion to enforce the Nation's criminal laws," United 
States v. Armstrong, 517 U.S. 456, 464 (1996), and that whether to investigate possible criminal 
conduct, grant immunity, negotiate a plea, or dismiss charges are all central to the prosecutor's 
executive function. United States v. Smith, 231 F.3d 800, 807 (11th Cir. 2000). 
Notwithstanding the insinuations by Plaintiffs' counsel, the Non-Prosecution Agreement 
— which is in the public record — was negotiated at arm's length with the largest U.S. Attorney's 
Plaintiffs did not dispute that Mr. Edwards in fact placed many emails and letters of the 
Government side of the correspondence in the state court file as an attachment to an attachment 
to a motion, see DE 295 at 2. 
EFTA00592739
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 300 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/28/2015 Page 3 of 4 
Office in the country. The NPA was approved by the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of 
Florida. When Mr. Epstein's attorneys appealed from some of its provisions and sought its 
modification, his appeals were rejected and the NPA was endorsed at various levels within the 
Department of Justice in Washington. There is no reality to the notion that Epstein somehow 
coerced the United States government into a non-prosecution agreement by improper means. 
There are a number of legal issues that the Court will be called upon to resolve that 
directly affect whether Epstein's plea negotiations are "relevant" or "central" to the Court's 
resolution of the CVRA complaint. Although the Court has issued rulings regarding its view of 
the scope of CVRA rights, [See, e.g. DE 189], none have predetermined whether the plea 
negotiations leading up to the NPA are ultimately deemed to be relevant or irrelevant to any 
disputed issue, whether either plaintiff possesses standing to seek rescission of the NPA, or 
whether the Court would agree that as a matter of law, judicial review of the plea negotiations or 
the NPA itself would impermissibly affect not only Epstein's constitutional and contractual 
rights but also the separation of powers between the executive and judicial branches (as argued 
by the Government, see DE 290 at 11). The plea negotiations should remain sealed until these 
issues are resolved. 
Respectfully submitted, 
BLACK, SREBNICK, KORNSPAN 
& STUMPF, ■. 
201 South Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 1300 
Miami, Florida 33131 
Telephone (305) 371-6421 
Fax (305)358-2006 
By: 
s/Rov Black 
ROY BLACK, ESQ. 
EFTA00592740
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 300 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/28/2015 Page 4 of 4 
Florida Bar No. 126088 
JACKIE PERCZEK, ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 0042201 
On behalf of Jeffrey Epstein 
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, ■. 
Park Plaza 
Suite 1000 
Boston, MA 02116 
Telephone: (617) 227-3700 
Fax: (617) 338-9538 
By: 
s/Martin G. Weinberg 
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, ESQ. 
Massachusetts Bar No. 519480 
On behalf of Jeffrey Epstein 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was filed by my office via 
CM/ECF, this 28ih day of January, 2015. 
By: 
s/Roy Black 
ROY BLACK, ESQ. 
EFTA00592741

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592742.pdf
----------------------------------------
09/13/2016 19:1 
FAX 
base 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 433 Filed 09/15/16 Page 1 of 2 
40002/0003 
• 
BO I E S, 
SCHILLER 
& 
FLEXNER 
LLP 
401 EAST LAS OLAS BOULEVARD • SU:TE 200 • FORT LAuDEROA;..E FL 3330:-22i I • PH. 954.35600H • FAX 954.356.0022 
September 13, 2016 
VIA FASCIMILE 1212-805-79251 
Honorable Judge Robert W. Sweet 
District Court Judge 
United States District Court 
500 Pearl Street 
New York, NY 10007 
Re: 
Giuffre v. Maxwell, 
Case No.: 15-cv-07433-RWS 
Dear Judge Sweet: 
Sigrid S. McCawley, Esq. 
smccawievabsnimeom 
-0) inEOWIE 
\.\ I SEP 1 12016 i 
JUDGE SWEET CHAMBERS 
USDC srwy 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRU:\t- 4. 7t Y FII 
DOC it: 
DATE FILED: fl 
Plaintiff, Virginia Giuffre provides this Court with Notice of Non-Response to the Court's 
July 30, 2016 Order. Specifically, on June 20, 2016, this Court authorized the subpoenas to 
Nadia Marcinkova and Sarah Kellen to be served by alternative means. Ms. Giuffre served 
subpoenas as directed by the Court and set the depositions of Nadia Marcinkova and Sarah 
Kellen for July 21, 2016 at the Boies Schiller & Flexner offices in New York City. Neither of 
the witnesses appeared for their depositions. 
On July 25, 2016, Ms.Giuffre filed Plaintiffs Motion for a Finding of Civil Contempt 
Against Sarah Kellen For Ignoring Subpoena and For Associated Sanctions (308) and Plaintiffs 
Motion for a Finding of Civil Contempt Against Nadia Marcinkova For Ignoring Subpoena and 
For Associated Sanctions (310). In her motions, Plaintiff sought the following relief in order to 
compel the depositions of Nadia Marckinkova and Sarah Kellen: (1) that Nadia Marcinkova and 
Sarah Kellen be directed to appear for deposition (2) that Nadia Marcinkova and Sarah Kellen 
pay Giuffre's costs and reasonable attorney's fees associated with bringing the motion, and that 
(3) Nadia Marcinkova and Sarah Kellen be ordered to pay a civil penalty of $2500 per day for 
each day after which they fail to appear at the rescheduled deposition and any other sanction the 
court believes is just and proper. 
On July 30, 2016 the Court issued the following order: "ORDER: Plaintiffs Motions for 
a Finding of Civil Contempt against Sarah Kellen and Nadia Marcinkova shall be taken on 
submission returnable August 25, 2016. All papers shall be served in accordance with Local 
Civil Rule 6.1 and pursuant to this Courts previous orders. (Signed by Judge Robert W. Sweet 
on 7/30/2016) (cf)". 
WWW.BSFLLP COM 
EFTA00592742
--- PAGE 2 ---
09/13/2016 18:A 
tease1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 433 Filed 09/15/16 Page 2 of 2 
Q0003/0003 
BOIES. 
SCHILLER 
8. 
FLExNER 
LLP 
Honorable Judge Sweet 
District Court Judge 
September 13, 2016 
Page 2 
Neither Nadia Marcinkova nor Sarah Kellen filed any response to the Plaintiffs Motion 
on or before August 25, 2016. 
In light of these facts, Ms. Giuffre provides notice to this Court that Plaintiffs Motion for 
a Finding of Civil Contempt as to Nadia Marcinkova and Sarah Kellen remain pending. As 
indicated in that motion, Ms. Giuffre would respectfully request that the Court Order that (1) that 
Nadia Marcinkova and Sarah Kellen be directed to appear for deposition (2) that Nadia 
Marcinkova and Sarah Kellen pay Giuffre's costs and reasonable attorney's fees associated with 
bringing the motion, and that (3) Nadia Marcinkova and Sarah Kellen be ordered to pay a civil 
penalty of S3
per day for each day after which they fail to appear at the rescheduled 
deposition an any other sanction the court believes is just and proper. 
• 
SSM 
Enclosure 
cc; 
Counsel of Record 
Sincerely, 
Sigrid S. McCat4ley, Esq. 
- as Oci-
Lc/4 
EFTA00592743
--- PAGE 3 ---
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
Virginia L. Giuffre, 
Plaintiff, 
Case No.: 15-cv-07433-RWS 
v. 
Ghislaine Maxwell, 
Defendant. 
PLAINTIFF'S RE-NOTICE OF RULE 45 SUBPOENA AND 
RE-NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION DUCES TECUM OF 
SARAH KELLEN (A/K/A SARA KENSINGTON AND SARAH VICKERS) 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT, pursuant to Rule 30 of the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure, the undersigned counsel hereby provides Notice of Taking the Videotaped Deposition 
Duces Tecum of Sarah Kellen (a/k/a Sara Kensington and Sarah Vickers). Pursuant to Rule 45, 
the undersigned counsel also hereby provides Notice of Service of Subpoena upon Sarah Kellen 
(a/c/a Sara Kensington and Sarah Vickers). A copy of the Subpoena is attached to this Notice. 
NAME: 
Sarah Kellen (aka Sara Kensington and Sarah Vickers) 
DATE AND TIME: 
October 12, 2016 at 1:30 p.m. 
LOCATION: 
Boles Schiller & Flexner, LLP 
575 Lexington Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
The videotaped deposition will be taken upon oral examination before Magna Legal 
Services, or any other notary public authorized by law to take depositions. The oral examination 
will continue from day to day until completed. The deponent is requested to produce the items 
listed on Schedule "A' attached hereto at the time of the deposition. 
This deposition is being taken for the purpose of discovery, for use at trial, or for such 
other purposes as are permitted under the rules of this Court. 
EFTA00592744
--- PAGE 4 ---
Dated: September 26, 2016. 
BOLES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP 
By: /s/ Sigrid McCawley 
Sigrid McCawley (Pro Mac Vice) 
Meredith Schultz (Pro Mac Vice) 
Boies Schiller & Flexner LLP 
401 E. Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
(954) 356-0011 
David Boies 
Boies Schiller & Flexner LLP 
333 Main Street 
Armonk, NY 10504 
Bradley J. Edwards (Pro Hac Vice) 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
(954) 524-2820 
Paul G. Cassell (Pro I lac Vice) 
S.J. Quinney College of Law 
University of Utah 
383 University St. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
(801) 585-5202' 
This daytime business address is provided for identification and correspondence purposes only 
and is not intended to imply institutional endorsement by the University of Utah for this private 
representation. 
EFTA00592745
--- PAGE 5 ---
AO XS.% (Re,. 
4) Si rkV0.1 :0 i tql1\ .11 .1 ikrIONition Ill a CI\ :I Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of New York 
Virginia L. Giuffre 
v. 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
. _ 
Deferukurt 
Civil Action No. 
15-cv-07433-RWS 
SUBPOENA TO TESTIFY AT A DEPOSITION IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: 
SARAH KELLEN (NK/A SARA KENSINGTON AND SARAH VICKERS) 
(Nome of person to whom this subpoena is directed) 
fir Testimony: YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at the time, date, and place set forth below to testify at a 
deposition to be taken in this civil action. If you arc an organization, you must designate one or more officers, directors, 
or managing agents, or designate other persons who consent to testify on your behalf about the following matters, or 
those set forth in an attachment: 
Boies. Schiller & Flexner LLFI 
575 Lexington Avenue 
L 
New York, NY 10022 (954) 356-0011 
Date and Time: 
10/12/2016 1:30 pm 
The deposition will be recorded by this method:  Stenographically and Videotaped 
I Production: You, or your representatives, must also bring with you to the deposition the following documents, 
electronically stored information, or objects, and must permit inspection, copying. testing, or sampling of the 
material: See attached Exhibit A. 
The following provisions of Fed. R. Civ. P. 45 are attached — Rule 45(c), relating to the place of compliance; 
Rule 45(d), relating to your protection as a person subject to a subpoena; and Rule 45(e) and (g). relating to your duty to 
respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so. 
Date: 
09126/2016 
CLERK OF COURT 
Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 
OR 
Attornes‘signa (ure 
The name, address. e-mail address, and telephone number of the attorney representing (name of party)  Virginia Giuffre 
, who issues or requests this subpoena, are: 
Sigrid McCawley, Spies, Schiller & Flexner LLP, 401 E. Las Olas Blvd., #1200, Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301; 954-356-0011; 
Eawroawieyeabst44.40a 
Notice to the person who issues or requests this subpoena 
If this subpoena commands the production of documents, electronically stored information, or tangible things before 
trial, a notice and a copy of the subpoena must be served on each party in this case before it is served on the person to 
whom it is directed. Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(a)(4). 
EFTA00592746
--- PAGE 6 ---
AO NSA (Rev O2/I4) Subpocivs to Te.16 at a Depositton ina CI% it Act:on (Pae:c 
Civil Action No. 15-cv-07433-RWS 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not bead with the court unless required by Fed. R. (iv. P. 45.) 
I received this subpoena for (name of individual and title. t fano  
on Nato 
O I served the subpoena by delivering a copy to the named individual as follows: 
on (date) 
; or 
O I returned the subpoena unexecutcd because: 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents, I have also 
tendered to the witness the fees for one day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
$ 
My fees are $ 
for travel and $ 
Date: 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
for services, for a total of S 
0.00 
Server's signature 
Printed name and title 
Server's address 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc.: 
EFTA00592747
--- PAGE 7 ---
(c) Place of Compliance. 
(I) For a Trial. Hearing. or Deposition. A subpoena may command a 
person to attend a trial, hearing. or deposition only as follows: 
(A) within 100 miles of where the person resides, is employed. or 
regularly transacts business in person. or 
(B) within the slate where the person resides, is employed. or regularly 
transacts business in person. if the person 
(i) is a party or a party's officer: or 
(ii) is commanded to attend a trial and would not incur substantial 
expense. 
(2) For Other Discovery. A subpoena may command: 
(A) production of documents, electronically stored information, or 
tangible things at a place within 100 miles of where the person resides, is 
employed, or regularly transacts business in person; and 
(B) inspection of premises at the premises to be inspected. 
(d) Protecting a Person Subject to a Subpoena: Enforcement. 
(I) Avoiding Undue Burden or Expense; Sanctions. A party or attorney 
responsible for issuing and serving a subpoena must take reasonable steps 
to avoid imposing undue burden or expense on a person subject to the 
subpoena. The court for the district where compliance is required must 
enforce this duty and impose an appropriate sanction—which may include 
lost earnings and reasonable attorneys fees—on a party or attorney who 
fails to comply. 
(2) Command to Produce Materials or Pernik inspection. 
(A) Appearance Not Required. A person commanded to produce 
documents, electronically stored information. or tangible things, or to 
permit the inspection of premises. need not appear in person at the place of 
production or inspection unless also commanded to appear for a deposition. 
hearing. or trial. 
(8)Objections. A person commanded to produce documents or tangible 
things or to permit inspection may serve on the party or attorney designated 
in the subpoena a written objection to inspecting. copying, testing. or 
sampling any or all of the matenals or to inspecting the premises—or to 
producing electronically stored information in the limn or forms requested. 
The objection must be served before the earlier of the time specified for 
compliance or 14 days alter the subpoena is served. If an objection is made. 
the following rules apply: 
(i) At any time. on notice to the commanded person, the serving party 
may move the court for the district when:compliance is required for an 
order compelling production or inspection. 
(ii) These acts may be required only as directed in the order, and the 
order must protect a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer from 
significant expense resulting from compliance. 
(3) Quashing or Modifying a Subpoena. 
(A) When Required. On timely motion, the court for the district where 
compliance is required must quash or modify a subpoena that: 
(I) fails to allow a reasonable time to comply; 
Oil requires a person to comply beyond the geographical limits 
specified in Rule 45(c); 
(iii) requires disclosure of privileged or other protected matter, if no 
exception or waiver applies: or 
(is') subjects a person to undue burden. 
(B) When Permitted To protect a person subject to or affected by a 
subpoena. the court for the district where compliance is required may. on 
motion, quash or modify the subpoena if it requires: 
AO SSA (Rev 02/14) Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition in a Civil Action (Page 3) 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 45 (e), (d), (e), and (g) (Effective 12/1/13) 
(I) disclosing a trade secret or other confidential research. development, 
or commercial information; or 
(ii) disclosing an unretaincd expert's opinion or information that does 
not describe specific occurrences in dispute and results from the expert's 
study that was not requested by a party. 
(C)SpectfringeOMNIONTS at an Alternative. In the circumstances 
described in Rule 45(d)(3)( BE the court may. instead of quashing or 
modifying a subpoena. order appearance or production under specified 
conditions if the serving party: 
(i) shows a substantial need for the testimony or material that cannot be 
otherwise met without undue hardship: and 
(ii) ensures that the subpoenaed person will be reasonably compensated. 
(e) Duties in Responding to a Subpoena. 
(I) Producing Documents or Electronically Stored information. These 
procedures apply to producing documents or electronically stored 
information: 
(A)Doeumenst A person responding to a subpoena to produce documents 
must produce them as they arc kept in the ordinary course of business or 
must organise and label them to correspond to the categories in the demand. 
(B) Form for Producing Electronically Stored Information Not Specyied 
If a subpoena does not specify a form for producing electronically stored 
information. the person responding must produce it in a form or forms in 
which it is ordinarily maintained or in a reasonably usable form or forms 
(Al Electroincallv Stored Information Produced in Only One Form. The 
persun responding need not produce the same electronically stored 
information in more than one form 
(D) inaccessible Electronically Stored Information. The person 
responding need not provide discovery ofelectronically stored information 
from sources that the person identifies as not reasonably accessible because 
of undue burden or cost On motion to compel discovery or for a protective 
order, the person responding must show that the information is not 
reasonably accessible because of undue burden or cost. If that showing is 
made, the court may nonetheless order discovery from such sources if the 
requesting party shows good cause, considering the limitations of Rule 
26(b)I2$C). The court may specify conditions for the discovery. 
(2) Claiming Privilege or Protection, 
(A) Information Withheld A person withholding subpoenaed information 
under a claim that it is privileged or subject to protection as trial-preparation 
material must: 
(i) expressly make the claim: and 
(II) describe the nature of the withheld documents. communications, or 
tangible things in a manner that, without revealing information itself 
privileged or protected. will enable the panics to assess the claim. 
(B) Information Produced If information produced in response to a 
subpoena is subject to a claim of privilege or of protection as 
trial-preparation material, the person making the claim may notify any party 
that received the information of the claim and the basis for it. After being 
notified, a party must promptly return, sequester. or destroy the specified 
information and any copies it has; must not use or disclose the information 
until the claim is resolved; must take reasonable steps to retrieve the 
information if the pasty disclosed it before being notified: and may promptly 
present the information under seal to the court for the district where 
compliance is required for a determination of the claim. The person who 
produced the information must preserve the information until the claim is 
resolved. 
(g) Contempt. 
The court for the district where compliance is required—and also, alter a 
motion is transferred, the issuing court—may hold in contempt a person 
who, having been served. fails without adequate excuse to obey the 
subpoena or an order related to it. 
L 
For access to subpoena materials. sec Fed R. Civ P 4500 Committee Note (2013) 
EFTA00592748
--- PAGE 8 ---
Sarah L. Kellen (a/lc/a Sara Kensington and Sarah Vickers) 
EXHIBIT A 
DEFINITIONS 
Wherever they hereafter appear the following words and phrases have the following 
meanings: 
I. 
"Agent" shall mean any agent, employee, officer, director, attorney, independent 
contractor or any other person acting, or purporting to act, at the discretion of or on behalf of 
another. 
2. 
"Correspondence" or "communication" shall mean all written or verbal 
communications, by any and all methods, including without limitation, letters, memoranda, 
and/or electronic mail, by which information, in whatever form, is stored, transmitted or 
received; and, includes every manner or means of disclosure, transfer or exchange, and every 
disclosure, transfer or exchange of information whether orally or by document or otherwise, 
face-to-face, by telephone, telecopies, e-mail, text, modem transmission, computer generated 
message, mail, personal delivery or otherwise. 
3. 
"Plaintiff" in the above captioned action shall mean the plaintiff Virginia Giuffre 
formerly known as Virginia Roberts. 
4. 
"Defendant" in the above captioned action shall mean the defendant Ghislaine 
Maxwell and her employees, representatives or agents. 
5. 
"Document" shall mean all written and graphic matter, however produced or 
reproduced, and each and every thing from which information can be processed, transcribed, 
transmitted, restored, recorded, or memorialized in any way, by any means, regardless of 
technology or form. It includes, without limitation, correspondence, memoranda, notes, 
notations, diaries, papers, books, accounts, newspaper and magazine articles, advertisements, 
EFTA00592749
--- PAGE 9 ---
Sarah L. Kellen (a/k/a Sara Kensington and Sarah Vickers) 
EXHIBIT A 
photographs, videos, notebooks, ledgers, letters, telegrams, cables, telex messages, facsimiles, 
contracts, offers, agreements, reports, objects, tangible things, work papers, transcripts, minutes, 
reports and recordings of telephone or other conversations or communications, or of interviews 
or conferences, or of other meetings, occurrences or transactions, affidavits, statements, 
summaries, opinions, tests, experiments, analysis, evaluations, journals, balance sheets, income 
statements, statistical records, desk calendars, appointment books, lists, tabulations, sound 
recordings, data processing input or output, microfilms, checks, statements, receipts, summaries, 
computer printouts, computer programs, text messages, c-mails, information kept in computer 
hard drives, other computer drives of any kind, computer tape back-up, CD-ROM, other 
computer disks of any kind, teletypes, telecopies, invoices, worksheets, printed matter of every 
kind and description, graphic and oral records and representations of any kind, and electronic 
"writings" and "recordings" as set forth in the Federal Rules of Evidence, including but not 
limited to, originals or copies where originals are not available. Any document with any marks 
such as initials, comments or notations of any kind of not deemed to be identical with one 
without such marks and is produced as a separate Document. Where there is any question about 
whether a tangible item otherwise described in these requests falls within the definition of 
"Document" such tangible item shall be produced. 
6. 
"Employee" includes a past or present officer, director, agent or servant, including 
any attorney (associate or partner) or paralegal. 
7. 
"Including" means including without limitation. 
8. 
"Jeffrey Epstein" includes Jeffrey Epstein and any entities owned or controlled by 
Jeffrey Epstein, any employee, agent, attorney, consultant, or representative of Jeffrey Epstein. 
EFTA00592750
--- PAGE 10 ---
Sarah L. Kellen (a/k/a Sara Kensington and Sarah Vickers) 
EXHIBIT A 
9. 
"Ghislaine Maxwell" includes Ghislaine Maxwell and any entities owned or 
controlled by Ghislaine Maxwell, any employee, agent, attorney, consultant, or representative of 
Ghislaine Maxwell. 
10. 
"Person(s)" includes natural persons, proprietorships, governmental agencies, 
corporations, partnerships, trusts, joint ventures, groups, associations, organizations or any other 
legal or business entity. 
11. 
"You" or "Your" hereinafter means Sarah L. Kellen (a/k/a Sara Kensington and 
Sarah Vickers) and any employee, agent, attorney, consultant, related entities or other 
representative of Sarah 1,. Kellen (a/k/a Sara Kensington and Sarah Vickers). 
INSTRUCTIONS 
t. 
Production of Documents and items requested herein shall be made at the offices 
of Boies Schiller & Flexner, LLP, 401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200, Ft. Lauderdale, FL, 
33301, no later than five (5) days before the date noticed for Your deposition, or, if an alternate 
date is agreed upon, no later than five (5) days before the agreed-upon date. 
2. 
Unless indicated otherwise, the Relevant Period for this Request is from 1999 to 
the present. A Document should be considered to be within the relevant time frame if it refers or 
relates to communications, meetings or other events or Documents that occurred or were created 
within that time frame, regardless of the date of creation of the responsive Document. 
3. 
This Request calls for the production of all responsive Documents in Your 
possession, custody or control without regard to the physical location of such Documents. 
EFTA00592751
--- PAGE 11 ---
Sarah L. Kellen (a/k/a Sara Kensington and Sarah Vickers) 
EXHIBIT A 
4. 
If any Document requested was in Your possession or control, but is no longer in 
its possession or control, state what disposition was made of said Document, the reason for such 
disposition, and the date of such disposition. 
5. 
For the purposes of reading, interpreting, or construing the scope of these 
requests, the terms used shall be given their most expansive and inclusive interpretation. This 
includes, without limitation the following: 
a) 
Wherever appropriate herein, the singular form of a word shall be 
interpreted as plural and vice versa. 
b) 
"And" as well as "or" shall be construed either disjunctively or 
conjunctively as necessary to bring within the scope hereof any 
information (as defined herein) which might otherwise be construed to be 
outside the scope of this discovery request. 
c) 
"Any" shall be understood to include and encompass "all" and vice versa. 
d) 
Wherever appropriate herein, the masculine form of a word shall be 
interpreted as feminine and vice versa. 
e) 
"Including" shall mean "including without limitation." 
6. 
If You are unable to answer or respond fully to any Document request, answer or 
respond to the extent possible and specify the masons for Your inability to answer or respond in 
full. If the recipient has no Documents responsive to a particular Request, the recipient shall so 
state. 
7. 
Unless instructed otherwise, each Request shall be construed independently and 
not by reference to any other Request for the purpose of limitation. 
8. 
The words "relate," "relating," "relates," or any other derivative thereof, as used 
herein includes concerning, referring to, responding to, relating to, pertaining to, connected with, 
EFTA00592752
--- PAGE 12 ---
Sarah L. Kellen (aAtta Sara Kensington and Sarah Vickers) 
EXHIBIT A 
comprising, memorializing, evidencing, commenting on, regarding, discussing, showing, 
describing, reflecting, analyzing or constituting. 
9. 
"Identify" means, with respect to any "person," or any reference to the "identity" 
of any "person," to provide the name, home address, telephone number, business name, business 
address, business telephone number, e-mail address, and a description of each such person's 
connection with the events in question. 
10. 
"Identify" means, with respect to any "Document," or any reference to stating the 
"identification" of any "Document," provide the title and date of each such Document, the name 
and address of the party or parties responsible for the preparation of each such Document, the 
name and address of the party who requested or required the preparation and on whose behalf it 
was prepared, the name and address of the recipient or recipients to each such Document and the 
present location of any and all copies of each such Document, and the names and addresses of all 
persons who have custody or control of each such Document or copies thereof. 
11. 
In producing Documents, if the original of any Document cannot be located, a 
copy shall be produced in lieu thereof, and shall be legible and bound or stapled in the same 
manner as the original. 
12. 
Any copy of a Document that is not identical shall be considered a separate 
Document. 
13. 
If any requested Document cannot be produced in full, produce the Document to 
the extent possible, specifying each reason for Your inability to produce the remainder of the 
Document stating whatever information, knowledge or belief which You have concerning the 
portion not produced. 
EFTA00592753
--- PAGE 13 ---
Sarah L. Kellen (a/lc/a Sara Kensington and Sarah Vickers) 
EXHIBIT A 
14. 
If any Document requested was at any one time in existence but are no longer in 
existence, then so state, specifying for each Document (a) the type of Document; (b) the types of 
information contained thereon; (c) the date upon which it ceased to exist; (d) the circumstances 
under which it ceased to exist; (e) the identity of all person having knowledge of the 
circumstances under which it ceased to exist; and (0 the identity of all persons having 
knowledge or who had knowledge of the contents thereof and each individual's address. 
15. 
All Documents shall be produced in the same order as they are kept or maintained 
by You in the ordinary course of business. 
16. 
You are requested to produce all drafts and notes, whether typed, handwritten or 
otherwise, made or prepared in connection with the requested Documents, whether or not used. 
17. 
Documents attached to each other shall not be separated. 
18. 
Documents shall be produced in such fashion as to identify the department, 
branch or office in whose possession they were located and, where applicable, the natural person 
in whose possession they were found, and business address of each Document's custodian(s). 
19. 
If any Document responsive to the request is withheld, in all or part, based upon 
any claim of privilege or protection, whether based on statute or otherwise, state separately for 
each Document, in addition to any other information requested: (a) the specific request which 
calls for the production; (b) the nature of the privilege claimed; (c) its date; (d) the name and 
address of each author; (e) the name and address of each of the addresses and/or individual to 
whom the Document was distributed, if any; (t) the tide (or position) of its author; (g) type of 
tangible object, e.g., letter, memorandum, telegram, chart, report, recording, disk, etc.; (h) its title 
and subject matter (without revealing the information as to which the privilege is claimed); (i) 
EFTA00592754
--- PAGE 14 ---
Sarah L. Kellen (a/k/a Sara Kensington and Sarah Vickers) 
EXHIBIT A 
with sufficient specificity to permit the Court to make full determination as to whether the claim 
of privilege is valid, each and every fact or basis on which You claim such privilege; and (j) 
whether the Document contained an attachment and to the extent You are claiming a privilege as 
to the attachment, a separate log entry addressing that privilege claim. 
20. 
If any Document requested herein is withheld, in all or part, based on a claim that 
such Document constitutes attorney work product, provide all of the information described in 
Instruction No. 19 and also identify the litigation in connection with which the Document and the 
information it contains was obtained and/or prepared. 
21. 
Plaintiff does not seek and does not require the production of multiple copies of 
identical Documents. 
22. 
This Request is deemed to be continuing. If, after producing these Documents, 
You obtain or become aware of any further information, Documents, things, or information 
responsive to this Request, You are required to so state by supplementing Your responses and 
producing such additional Documents to Plaintiff. 
EFTA00592755
--- PAGE 15 ---
Sarah L. Kellen (aAd a Sara Kensington and Sarah Vickers) 
EXHIBIT A 
DOCUMENTS TO BE PRODUCED PURSUANT TO THIS SUBPOENA 
1. 
All video tapes, audio tapes, photographs, including film negatives or film slides, 
CD's, or any other print or electronic media depicting You in the presence of Virginia Roberts 
(a/k/a Virginia Giuffre), or in the presence of, or working for, Jeffrey Epstein or Ghislaine 
Maxwell. 
2. 
All video tapes, audio tapes, photographs, including film negatives or film slides, 
CD's, or any other print or electronic media depicting Virginia Roberts. 
3. 
All video tapes, audio tapes, photographs, including film negatives or film slides, 
CD's, or any other print or electronic media depicting Jeffrey Epstein. 
4. 
All video tapes, audio tapes, photographs, including film negatives or film slides, 
CD's, or any other print or electronic media depicting Ghislaine Maxwell. 
5. 
All video tapes, audio tapes, photographs, including film negatives or film slides, 
CD's, or any other print or electronic media depicting any female agent, employee, or 
companion of Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell. 
6. 
All Documents that relate to: Virginia Roberts, Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine 
Maxwell, or any female agent, employee, or companion of Jeffrey Epstein or Ghislaine Maxwell. 
7. 
All Documents relating to communications with Jeffrey Epstein from 1999 — 
present. 
8. 
All Documents relating to communications with Ghislaine Maxwell from 1999 — 
present. 
9. 
All Documents related to communications with Alan Dershowitz from 1999 
present. 
EFTA00592756
--- PAGE 16 ---
Sarah L. Kellen (a/k/a Sara Kensington and Sarah Vickers) 
EXHIBIT A 
10. 
All Documents relating to, and all media depicting, any of the following 
individuals from 1999 — present: Emmy Taylor, Eva Dubin, Glen Dubin, Alan Dershowitz, Jean 
Luc Brunel, Teala Davies, Nadia Bjorlin, Nadia Marcinkova (a/k/a Nadia Marcinko), Cindy 
Lopez, and Michelle Tagliani. 
11. 
All video tapes, audio tapes, photographs or any other print or electronic media 
created at a time when You were at, or nearby, Jeffrey Epstein or Ghislaine Maxwell's 
residences, hotel rooms/suites, automobiles, or aircraft. 
12. 
All Documents relating to Your travel from the period of 1999 — present, when 
that travel was either with Ghislaine Maxwell or Jeffrey Epstein, to meet Ghislaine Maxwell or 
Jeffrey Epstein, or paid for by Ghislaine Maxwell or Jeffrey Epstein, including but not limited to 
commercial flights, helicopters, passport records, records indicating passengers traveling with 
You, hotel records, and credit card receipts. 
13. 
All Documents relating to payments made from Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine 
Maxwell, or any related entity to You, or to any company You own or control. 
14. 
All Documents relating to or describing any work You performed with Jeffrey 
Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell, or any affiliated entity from 1999 — present. 
15. 
All Documents relating to any confidentiality agreements You executed relating 
to Jeffrey Epstein or Ghislaine Maxwell. 
16. 
All Documents relating to any credit cards used that were paid for by Jeffrey 
Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell, or any related entity from 1999 — present. 
EFTA00592757
--- PAGE 17 ---
Sarah L. Kellen (a/k/a Sara Kensington and Sarah Vickers) 
EXHIBIT A 
17. 
All telephone records associated with You, including cell phone records, from 
1999 — present, that show any communications with Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell, or 
Virginia Roberts. 
18. 
All Documents relating to calendars, schedules or appointments for You from 
1999 — present that relate to visits with, or communications with, either Jeffrey Epstein or 
Ghislaine Maxwell. 
19. 
All Documents identifying any individuals to whom You provided a massage. 
20. 
All Documents identifying any individuals who provided Jeffrey Epstein a 
massage. 
21. 
All Documents identifying any females recruited by Ghislaine Maxwell for either 
work or companionship for either Ghislaine Maxwell or Jeffrey Epstein. 
22. 
All Documents relating to any females that You introduced to Jeffrey Epstein or 
Ghislaine Maxwell. 
23. 
All Documents relating to any females paid by Jeffrey Epstein or Ghislaine 
Maxwell to perform any kind of service, including but not limited to, work as an assistant, a 
massage therapist, or companion. 
EFTA00592758

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592759.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592759.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Thu. 29 September 2016 12:11:14 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page I of 4 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator AC IN MV 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Ticket AF 0577866208090-29SEP 
Ticket LH 2207866208091-29SEP 
Friday 30 Sep 16 
CITIZENS OF LITHUANIA MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Unassigned 
Assigned Seating Is Restricted To Airport Check In 
Air France 
AF 1029 
Bologna. 
Paris. 
07:00 AM 
08:45 AM 
Terminal 2 F 
Y Economy Class 
Guglielmo Marconi 
Charles De Gaulle 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Baggage 
Hr 45 Mins 
Airbus Industrie A318 
Snack 
Non-stop 
1PC 
Page 1 of 4 
Itinerary ACININV 
AYEPoCAN 
E<PRESS 
EFTA00592759
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 o14 
Travel Details 
Saturday 01 Oct 16 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Lufthansa 
LH 1041 
Pads. 
Frankfurt, 
06:05 PM 
07:20 PM 
Terminal 1 
Terminal 1 
Y Economy Class 
18A 
Flight Information 
Charles De Gaulle 
Frankfurt International 
Confirmed 
Estimated Tme 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Slops 
Baggage 
Hr 15 Mins 
Airbus Industrie A320 Sharklets 
Snack 
Non-stop 
NIL 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
11:55 PM 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal 1 
Class 
Y Economy Class 
Seats 
7F 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Lufthansa 
LH 888 
Frankfurt, 
Vilnius, 
08:55 PM 
Frankfurt International 
Vilnius 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Baggage 
Hrs 
Airbus Industrie A320 Sharklets 
Snack 
Non-stop 
NIL 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centwion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Roca Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for NCO people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a S100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at WIAV_amencanexpress.ccmllv. 
To book your stay, visit amerIcanexpress.comiThr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are MN eligible for upgrade: cat Centurion Travel Service for details 
"Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Page 2 of 4 
Itinerary ACINMV 
lEi/CAN
IDCPRESS 
EFTA00592760
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 4 
For more information on benefits and eligibility, please visit: 
• Centurion Hotel Program: ,,,ntunon roan 
• FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS: amextravel comb' 
• The Hotel Collection: 
- z.nexpresssomrusicreMtserdsobenefitsidelairthe-hotel-colfectiontpremtersold
• International Aide* Program: ap.amencanexpress.com 
• Cruise Privileges Program: .amencanexpress.comkruseprivdeaes 
• Platinum Destinations Vacations: amenr‘nArpresc comfus,Irrerlit-r.vdthenpMsfrima-trivatintirr-cipstinItinns-vacatinnublnunwo 
• Pay with Ponta* am -r canAxrniss romloarsrthnnists 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures a advertisements describing any ledgeig. tour, cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of American Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively. 'Amex") has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
imposed charges. eicluding. but not tinned to. day resort a facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-out. You may wish to inquire with the hotel 
before your trip regarcing the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at ww v al 
cr.^1. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travelers dealing transportation across any international boundary ere responsible for obtaining al necessary travel documents and complying with all government travel 
requirements. You must present all wit, entry and other documents re:tared by law. Amex shall not be responsible to you for any loss or expense due to your failure to 
comply with such requirements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carriage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws. regulations. orders. 
demands. or requirements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibility to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your journey. Many 
countries require that your passport be valid for up to six (6) months from your date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign country. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at ILIc 
'Pate govicontentioasvonstAnglishrrnuntry html. Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on the foregoing 
website. 
Air Transportation 
Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. Please visit ritzsilmyamextravel conystalickonclit on s for more 
information. 
Airline Notice on Hazardous Materials 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aecraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (4g U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants, lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried ei your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further 
information contact your airline representative or visit Mins-,,Whw (AR gly,Akoiluin natives tazmat_safPri, 
Liability Statement 
You understand and agree that American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex"). 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons a property resulting. directly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. induding but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or failures of 
equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civd unrest. 
strikes. riots. theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public intemet. telecommunications lines or facilities. or third party technology systems. IX any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex 
Intermediary Disclosure 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific ittierwies. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from tine to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to ow marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other Amencan Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From tine to time we may enter into other business relationslips with suppliers and 
these arrangements. including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommender; rtineranes. we 
may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
Stae eirstrifir niirkoursix 
Page 3 of 4 
Itinerary ACINMV 
ae
sP.ERICAN 
BC PRESS 
EFTA00592761
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of 4 
CALIFORNIA: Upon cancellation of the transportation or travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled ki violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. as sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier. 
without obtaining a refund and such other provider fails to provide the agreed-upon transportation cc service. In this situation. the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establishing the disbursement of the customer payment, and if disbursed to a registered wholesaler of 
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in Cakfcmia at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with the 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when required. The maxintrn amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A claim must be submitted to the TCRF with." 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A clam 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the Gain and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waNe their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating seller of travel for matters ariskig out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation: P.O. Box 6001:Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRF's website at wwwlcrcinfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: if transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. at sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within tinny (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
HAWAII: Please visit 
institution which maintains our !rave: agency tr—s: a:cc 
a Client Trust Account 
is pit for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
s ?a-.k c' davway. Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue. Honolulu. HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
California CST#1022318, Washington UEllt/600-469-694. Iowa TAk669. 
Page 4 of 4 
Itinerary ACINAAV 
AMERICAN 
BCPRESS 
EFTA00592762

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592763.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592763.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS 
EXHIBIT 1 
Several press and media articles documenting the rise of South 
Beach as one of the United States' main fashion capitals. 
EXHIBIT 2 
EXHIBIT 3 
EXHIBIT 4 
EXHIBIT 5 
EXHIBIT 6 
EXHIBIT 7 
EXHIBIT 8 
EXHIBIT 9 
EXHIBIT 10 
Press articles regarding the models and actresses who were both 
discovered by and careers were launched by the beneficiary, Jean 
Luc Brunel. 
Several articles regarding the prestigious reputation of Karin Models 
as formerly one of the world's leading agencies. 
A list of all of MC2's clients, including several high-profile campaigns 
featuring some of MC2's fashion models, as well as several press 
clippings regarding this prestigious and reputable modeling agency. 
The beneficiary's, Jean Luc Brunel, impressive curriculum vitae, 
verifying his tremendous accomplishments in both the fashion and 
modeling industries. 
Several articles regarding the 2004 Models New Generation Contest 
(including translations) as well as the beneficiary's leading role within 
this prestigious modeling event. 
Several press articles regarding the prestigious 2006 Models New 
Generation Competition (including translations), as well as the 
beneficiary's Jean Luc Brunel, leading role within the event. 
Letter of Claudia Midolo, President of Modelwork, a renowned 
modeling agency. 
Letter of Alla 
Amantova, Director of Figaro International 
Management. 
Several press articles reflecting the prestige and high circulation rates 
of the mentioned magazines and periodicals which have featured 
and covered the modeling events which the beneficiary, Jean Luc 
Brunel, has organized throughout the years. 
EXHIBIT 11 Information regarding the extremely successful and prestigious 
modeling and fashion association, International Model Talent 
Association (IMTA). 
EFTA00592763
--- PAGE 2 ---
mc2
MODELSMIAMI 
July 25.2014 
Department of Homeland Security 
United States Citizenship and Immigration Services 
Vermont Service Center 
Houghton Street 
Saint Albans, VT 05478 
RE: 
1-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker 
O-1 Extraordinary Ability as an Art Director and Talent Coordinator 
Petitioner: MC2 Models Miami, LLC 
Beneficiary: Jean-Luc Didier Henri-Rene BRUNEL 
Dear Sir / Madam: 
The present letter and its enclosures are submitted in support of the 
attached 0-1 petition of MC2 Models Miami, LLC, on behalf of Mr. Jean Luc 
Brunel. 
The petition is based upon Mr. Brunel's standing as an "Alien of 
Extraordinary Ability in Art Direction and Talent Coordination." Kindly note that 
Mr. Brunel currently holds 0-1 status with our organization. 
The South Florida area and Miami Beach in particular have become a 
mecca for the fashion and modeling industries. As a result, many of the largest 
international modeling agencies such as Ford, Elite, and MC2 have opened 
offices in South Beach and the area has become one of the most important in 
the modeling industry. In fact, Miami Beach has become second only to New 
York City in terms of employment opportunities for fashion models in the United 
States. Attached as EXHIBIT 1, please find several press and media articles 
documenting the rise of South Beach as one of the United States' main fashion 
capitals. 
In 1996, our company. MC2 (formerly Karin Models), established an office 
in the heart of the historic Art Deco District of Miami Beach. "South Beach" has 
truly become one of the world's modeling capitals and we are pleased to be a 
part of it. Our agency has developed a highly distinguished reputation in the 
modeling industry. We specialize in representing numerous models of 
international acclaim. Having discovered faces such as Christy Turlington, and 
molded the careers of celebrities such as Sharon Stone, Estella Warren, Milla 
mc2 models miami • 1674 alton road • suite 500 • miami beach fl 33139 
305 672 8300 • fax 305 531 8330 • administration 305 672 7672 • fax 305 672 6332 
EFTA00592764
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jovovich, Jerry Hall and Rebecca Romijn, who is currently starring in the award-
winning ABC television series, Ugly Betty; MC2 models are among the most 
sought after in the industry, as evidenced by the caliber of their commercial and 
editorial bookings. Many of our fashion models have graced the pages of 
leading fashion magazines of the United States, Europe, Latin America, Africa, 
and Australia such as Vogue, Teen Vogue, Elle, W, Glamour, V, Marie Claire, 
Surface and Cosmopolitan as well as many more throughout the world. In 
addition to our Miami Beach office, MC2 Models has offices in New York City 
and Tel Aviv, Israel. 
As Artistic Director and Talent Coordinator for MC2 Models Miami, LLC, Mr. 
Brunel will be responsible for overseeing the artistic aspects of the agency. By 
overseeing the art department in the agency, Mr. Brunel will direct the visual 
marketing of the models to clients, focusing on the images placed on both the 
model's composite cards and their portfolios. Both of these marketing tools are 
crucial in marketing fashion models to their appropriate catalog, editorial, or 
media clients. As Artistic Director and Talent Coordinator, Mr. Brunel will also 
coordinate the pairing of fashion models with a particular photographer. Clients 
for the agency include a myriad of fashion publications, retail stores, consumer 
product companies, and fashion houses to name but a few. Recruitment of 
talented artistic photographers who have an excellent understanding of the "ins 
and outs" of the modeling and fashion industry is critical to the successful 
running of a top-modeling agency such as MC2 Models. Mr. Brunel will also 
continue with his amazing track record of discovering the world's greatest 
talents and beauties in order to sign them with MC2 Models. Mr. Brunel will 
continue to travel around the world looking for new talents, and to agencies 
around the world in order to establish relationships with those agencies and 
allow MC2 Models Miami, LLC to represent them in the United States. 
Mr. Brunel's impressive qualifications as an Art Director and Talent 
Coordinator, establish eligibility as to the regulatory standards for such 
classification as a top professional in his field. Mr. Brunel meets the 0-1 criteria as 
an individual of extraordinary ability in the Arts and Entertainment field as well as 
a business entrepreneur. MC2 Models Miami, LLC is presently seeking a 
sophisticated art director and talent coordinator. After reviewing his experience 
and accolades, we are confident that the beneficiary, Mr. Jean Luc Brunel, will 
perform said function with outstanding skill and professionalism. 
I. MR. BRUNEL'S QUALIFICATIONS AS THE BENEFICIARY 
In addition to Jean Luc Brunel's extensive business qualifications, his 
career as an individual with artistic vision and creative talents qualifies him as an 
0-1 alien in the Arts and Entertainment Field. His all- encompassing experience 
as an Art Director, Talent Coordinator, international entrepreneur and business 
EFTA00592765
--- PAGE 4 ---
leader in the modeling, fashion, entertainment, public relations, restaurant, and 
tourism industries has made Mr. Brunel internationally renowned in those fields. 
Among his various accomplishments throughout his career are the successful 
modeling agencies he has founded both in Europe and in the United States. For 
example, in 1978, Mr. Brunel founded and grew Karin Models Paris from the 
ground up to become a lead-market a•enc with 
10. 
EFTA00592766
--- PAGE 5 ---
top players in the fashion and entertainment field requested that Mr. Brunel 
function as their exclusive agent and representative. Some of these top former 
and present professional supermodels in the fashion field include, Naomi 
Campbell, Christy Turlington, Rebecca Romijn, Milla Jovanovich, Inez Sastre, 
Melanie Thierry, and Jerry Hall. Attached as EXHIBIT 2, please find press articles 
regarding the models and actresses who were both discovered by and careers 
were launched by the beneficiary, Jean Luc Brunel. Additionally, attached as 
EXHIBIT 3, please find several articles regarding the prestigious reputation of 
Karin Models as formerly one of the world's leading agencies. 
Most recently in October 2005, and after his reign with Karin Models, Mr. 
Brunel launched the prestigious MC2 Model Management worldwide with 
offices in New York, Miami and Tel Aviv. Mr. Brunel started the high-profile MC2 
Model Management in order to represent high fashion models in a boutique 
agency setting. MC2 Model Management is already being lauded by fashion 
insiders as "one of the hottest agencies in North America" as well as 
"prominently positioned to be one of the major players of the Zeros because of 
its insider relationshi s with the most influential photographers around." We invite 
you to visit 
in order to view the high-caliber of models, MC2 
represents. Some of its most recent successful bookings include Liu Dan's 
exclusive contract as the face of the Fall 2007 Guess Campaign and Sammy 
Jo's cover story for Cosmopolitan Magazine. Attached as EXHIBIT 4, please find 
a list of all of MC2's clients, including several high-profile campaigns featuring 
some of MC2's fashion models, as well as several press clippings regarding this 
prestigious and reputable modeling agency. 
Jean Luc Brunel's entrepreneurial spirit is not only contained to the field of 
arts, beauty, and fashion. In 1970, as a result of his business insight, Mr. Brunel 
founded and grew Jean Luc Relations Publique, which specialized in press and 
promotions for tour operators and restaurants in France. During his work through 
Jean Luc Relations Publique, Mr. Brunel represented various key clients and 
collaborated on numerous prestigious events. Some of the prestigious events 
include: Air Tour and Daro Voyages. Jean Luc Relations Publique also promoted 
and marketed La Tour 
a three-star restaurant owned by Claude Terrail 
and, "The Go-Between", a motion picture by George Losey. Other projects 
taken on by Mr. Brunel through his public relations company was his work as 
product agent for Jean Claude Killy, 1968 Winter Olympic Gold Medalist skier, to 
promote Vail, Colorado in France for tourism potential and also directed all of 
the promotion for Finland's Ministry of Tourism. In 1975, Mr. Brunel further invested 
in the Food and Hospitality market by creating and developing "El Mono 
Desnudo"- a legendary, high-end bar on the Iberian Peninsula. This bar was 
known throughout the peninsula as extremely exclusive and attracted a 
celebrity clientele that included actress, Ursula Andress, and the Duchess 
D'Alba. Attached as EXHIBIT 5, please find the beneficiary's, Jean Luc Brunel, 
EFTA00592767
--- PAGE 6 ---
impressive curriculum vitae, verifying his tremendous accomplishments in both 
the fashion and modeling industries. 
II. ELIGIBILITY FOR CLASSIFICATION AS AN ALIEN OF EXTRAORDINARY ABILITY IN 
THE ARTS 
Under the Miscellaneous and Technical Immigration and Nationality 
Amendments of 1991, petitions for classification as an Alien of Extraordinary 
Ability in the Arts must be supported by evidence of "distinction". According to 8 
CFR §214.2(o)(3)(ii), "distinction" means a high level of achievement in the field 
of arts as evidenced by a degree of skill and recognition substantially above 
that ordinarily encountered to the extent that a person described as prominent 
is renowned, leading, or well-known in the fields of arts. This evidence may 
consist of proof that the alien must be recognized as being prominent in his field 
of endeavor as demonstrated by the following according to 8 CFR 
§214.2(o) (3) (iv): 
A. 
Evidence that the alien has been nominated for or has been the recipient 
of significant national or international awards or prizes in the particular field such 
as an Academy Award, an Emmy, a Grammy, or a Director's Guild Award, or 
B. 
At least three of the following forms of documentation: 
(1) Evidence that the alien has performed, and will perform, services as a 
lead or starring participant in productions or events, which have a 
distinguished reputation as evidenced by critical reviews, advertisements, 
publicity releases, publications contracts, or endorsements; 
(2) Evidence that the alien has achieved national or international 
recognition for achievements evidenced by critical reviews or other 
published materials by or about the individual in major newspapers, trade 
journals, magazines, or other publications; 
(3) Evidence that the alien has performed, and will perform, in a lead, 
starring, or critical role for organizations and establishments that have a 
distinguished reputation evidenced by articles in newspapers, trade 
journals, publications, or testimonials; 
(4) Evidence that the alien has a record of major commercial or critically 
acclaimed successes as evidenced by such indicators as title, rating, 
standing in the field, box office receipts, motion picture or television 
ratings, and other occupational achievements reported in trade journals, 
EFTA00592768
--- PAGE 7 ---
major newspapers, or other publications; 
(5) Evidence that the alien has received significant recognition for 
achievements from organizations, critics, government agencies, or other 
recognized experts in the field in which the alien is engaged. Such 
testimonials must be in a form, which clearly indicates the author's 
authority, expertise, and knowledge of the alien's achievements; or 
(6) Evidence that the alien has either commanded a high salary or will 
command a high salary or other substantial remuneration for services in 
relation to others in the field, as evidenced by contracts or other reliable 
evidence; or 
C. 
If the criteria in paragraph (o)(3)(iv) of this section do not readily apply to 
the beneficiary's occupation, the petitioner may submit comparable 
evidence in order to establish the beneficiary's eligibility. 
EVIDENCE THAT THE BENEFICIARY MEETS AT LEAST THREE OF THE PRONGS OF THE 
CRITERIA UNDER SUBSECTION B 
The first prong that the beneficiary satisfies is 8 CFR §214.2(o)(3)(iv)IB)(1) 
which requires evidence that the alien has performed, and will perform, services 
as a lead or starring participant in productions or events which have a 
distinguished reputation as evidenced by critical reviews, advertisements, 
publicity releases, publication contracts, or endorsements. 
As a result of Mr. Brunel's combined expertise in fashion and tourism, he 
decided to create Latin Model Pageants, now known as Models New 
Generation- to cross promote these key industries with international business and 
investment opportunities. Mr. Brunel has promoted and judged various modeling 
contests throughout South America including modeling contests staged in 
countries such as Peru, Ecuador, Brazil, Argentina, and Chile. Conceived in 1987, 
the Latin Model of the World event was a high-end modeling and entertainment 
product that appealed to upscale international audiences, reaching nearly 400-
million television viewers worldwide. Throughout his history as a major 
international event promoter and artistic and talent coordinator, Mr. Brunel has 
orchestrated multi-faceted public relations, advertising and media campaigns 
that incorporated television, magazines, programs, newsletters, and promotions, 
becoming notably lucrative for various major brands as a promotional tool. Mr. 
Brunel's acute knowledge of marketing and promoting skills has turned his 
various international events into highly successful artistic and business ventures 
for various major brands. Latin Model Pageants attracted major brands as 
EFTA00592769
--- PAGE 8 ---
sponsors, such as American Airlines, Ray-Ban, Coca-Cola, Proctor & Gamble, 
and Revlon. 
Mr. Brunel's has continued his ventures as both a promoter and panel 
judge when he founded and created the international modeling contest, 
Models New Generation that took place in Guayaquil, Ecuador in 2004. Mr. 
Brunel sat on a panel with three other professionals in the fashion industry and 
judged over forty-nine young women from over North and South America, Asia, 
and Europe. After ten days of harsh competition, Jean Luc Brunel crowned the 
winner, Alyne Weber, a fifteen year old from Brazil, whom as a result of coming in 
first place was awarded over three hundred thousand dollars worth of modeling 
contracts. The city of Guayaquil, Ecuador was also thrown into the international 
spotlight as the host city for the modeling contest. The Models New Generation 
was broadcasted on numerous television network channels including, Fashion 
TV, which transmits to over 202 countries throughout the globe, the entire 
Association of Television Channels in Ecuador, National Television of China, and 
Rede Globo, Brazil's largest and most popular television network. Attached as 
EXHIBIT 6, please find several articles regarding the 2004 Models New 
Generation Contest as well as the beneficiary's leading role within this 
prestigious modeling event. 
As a result of the tremprijais ;L~F"3~Slfrttuici i` 
in Guayaquil, Ecuador in 2004, Mr. Brunel organized the second 
eneration Contest which was held in 2006 in the Ecuadorian 
In order to select only the very best new models, several 
Dlifying shows were held in different countries of Latin America 
Panama and Peru. The final contest was held in Quito, Ecuador 
Plaza San Francisco. Mr. Brunel sat on a panel with three other 
the fashion industry and judged over forty-eight young women 
iht different countries from North and South America, Asia, and 
en days of harsh competition, Jean Luc Brunel crowned the 
vino, an eighteen year-old, from Latvia, whom as a result of 
lace was awarded over three hundred thousand dollars worth of 
)cts. 
f Quito, Ecuador was also thrown into the international spotlight 
for the modeling contest. Again, just like the immense media 
to the first Models New Generation competition of 2004, the 
Jew Generation competition was broadcast on numerous 
irk channels including, Fashion TV, which transmits to over 202 
es throughout the globe, the entire Association of Television 
Jador, National Television of China, and Rede Globo, Brazil's 
t popular television network. Attached as EXHIBIT 7, please find 
tides regarding the prestigious 2006 Models New Generation 
• 
I 
• 
that took place
Model New G 
capital of Quitc
preliminary, qu,
including Bolivic 
at the historica 
professionals in 
from twenty-eic.
Europe. After t 
winner, Ginta L 
coming in first p 
modeling contr 
The city c 
as the host city 
exposure given 
2006 Models I 
television netwc 
different count' 
Channels in Ec 
largest and ma 
several press cr 
EFTA00592770
--- PAGE 9 ---
Competition, as well as the beneficiary's Jean Luc Brunel, leading role within the 
event. The 2006 Models New Generation program was broadcast in over 202 
countries throughout the world. Mr. Brunel has performed and will most definitely 
continue to perform services as a leading participant in modeling events, which 
have a distinguished reputation and will bring more public international light to 
MC2 Models. 
For the above-mentioned reasons, Mr. Brunel satisfies INA §214.2(o)(3)(iv)(B)(1). 
The 
second 
prong 
that 
the 
beneficiary 
satisfies 
is 
CFR 
B214.2(o)(3)(iv)(B)(2), which requires evidence that the alien has achieved 
national or international recognition for achievements evidenced by critical 
reviews or other published materials by or about the individual in major 
newspapers, trade journals, magazines, or other publications. 
Mr. Brunel holds an international reputation as a visible, strategic 
networker who is able to cultivate expert relationship management skills in order 
to conduct business in a global environment and broker lucrative deals. Mr. 
Brunel has a long history in marketing and advertising major fashion campaigns. 
Throughout his twenty-five year career in the fashion business, Mr. Brunel has 
developed worldwide, exclusive modeling and cosmetic campaigns. Some of 
these major cosmetic campaigns include: Bio Therm with supermodel Elle 
McPherson, PHAS with Rebecca Romijn, Christian Dior with Christina 
Semonnovskaya, Margret Astor with Monica Bellucci, Chanel with Patricia Von 
Rickenheim. Angel Perfume with Thierry Mugler, and Cacharel Perfume with 
Alda Ballestra. Mr. Brunel has also developed major fashion campaigns and has 
developed campaigns and exclusive contracts with some of the world's top 
fashion designers such as Yves Saint Laurent, Chanel, Christian Dior, Gucci, 
Prada, and Marc Jacobs. Please see the enclosed letter of Claudia Midolo, 
President of Modelwork, a renowned modeling agency. EXHIBIT 8. 
As a talent coordinator, Mr. Brunel's success can and should also be 
measured with the successful careers the models, whose careers he launched, 
have achieved. As stated above, Mr. Brunel has discovered and represented 
various super models throughout his career. Christy Turlington, who was 
discovered by Mr. Brunel, has personified unaffected beauty- representing 
Calvin Klein's fragrances since 1987. Turlington, as well as another model 
represented by Mr. Brunel, Naomi Campbell, became one of the few 
supermodels, who managed to make an easy transition from the haute glamour 
of the 1980's to the relaxed simplicity of the following decade. Throughout her 
extensive career, and as a result of Mr. Brunel's "Fashion- Savvy Eye", Christy 
Turlington has graced the cover of hundreds of fashion magazines, such as 
Cosmopolitan, W, Vogue, Shope, Fitness, Elle, Bazaar, Marie Claire, Harper's, 
EFTA00592771
--- PAGE 10 ---
Esquire, and even Time Magazine. 
Please see the enclosed letter of Alla 
Amantova, Director of Figaro International Management. EXHIBIT 9. 
In addition, the modeling events that Mr. Brunel has been organizing 
throughout the years receive not only national, but also international attention 
and appear in multiple publications around the world. One of the most recent 
events he organized, the Models New Generation contest, which took place in 
Ecuador was publicized and transmitted by various television networks and 
appeared on multiple newspapers and magazines, among them Globo 
Television Networks in Brazil, Fashion TV which is broadcast into 202 countries 
throughout the world, El Universo, Cosas, La Razon, El Diario, El Telegrafo, 
Notinorte, Extra, Hoy, El Gron Guayaquil, El Comercio, Semana, and 8 Lideres, to 
name a few. These major publications have a large subscription rate which 
numbers in the many millions of readers. Attached as EXHIBIT 10. please find 
several press articles reflecting the prestige and high circulation rates of the 
above-mentioned magazines and periodicals which have featured and 
covered the modeling events in which the beneficiary, Jean Luc Brunel, has 
organized throughout the years. 
Hence the beneficiary satisfies INA §214.2(o)(3)(iv)(8)(2) for having 
achieved not only national but also international recognition for achievements 
in the modeling industry, by having his work published in major newspapers and 
magazines throughout the world. 
The third prong that the beneficiary satisfies is 8 CFR 8214.2(o)(3)(iv)(B)(4), 
which requires evidence that the alien has a record of major commercial or 
critically acclaimed successes as evidenced by such indicators as title, rating, 
standing in the field, box office receipts, motion picture or television ratings, and 
other occupational achievements reported in trade journals, major newspapers, 
or other publications. 
One of the main reasons that Mr. Brunel has been able to not only survive, 
but also be extremely successful in the ever-changing world of fashion is his 
ability to identify and recruit star-quality talent. As a result of his ability to scout 
major talents, Mr. Brunel was invited to become a member in one of the fashion 
industry's most elite and important associations, the International Model Talent 
Association (hereinafter IMTA). The IMTA is an international association of training 
centers for models and talent. IMTA gives aspiring models, actors, singers, and 
dancers spectacular opportunities to showcase their potential talents, in front of 
top fashion and talent agents from the major markets of the international 
fashion industry. IMTA also provides its association members valuable marketing 
tips and networking events with agents and scouts from around the world. 
Several of todays up and coming actors and models have been discovered at 
EFTA00592772
--- PAGE 11 ---
IMTA: some of these discoveries include world-renowned actors such as, Elijah 
Woods, Ashton Kutcher, Katie Holmes, Eva Longoria, Jessica Biel, and Sean 
William Scott. Attached as EXHIBIT 11, please find information regarding the 
extremely successful and prestigious modeling and fashion association, IMTA. 
Additionally, please find several pages from IMTA's official website documenting 
their discovery of the above-mentioned A-list actors and actresses, whose 
membership in IMTA proved to be the launching pad for very successful and 
highly profitable careers in the film industry. 
Furthermore, as previously mentioned, Mr. Brunel has launched the 
successful careers of many internationally renowned models, who have been 
featured and still are in many international and national fashion magazines. In 
addition, his commercial ventures, especially MC2 Models, formerly Karin 
Models, have been extremely successful generating combined annual revenues 
of twenty five (25) million dollars. Currently MC2 is one of the most successful and 
well-known modeling agencies in the world. Mr. Brunel is one of few people in 
the modeling business that have achieved a similar standing and hove been 
able to maintain it for over twenty-five years. 
For the above-mentioned reasons, Mr. Brunel satisfies INA §214.2(o)(3)(iv) (B) (4). 
EVIDENCE THAT THE BENEFICIARY MEETS 8 CFR $214.2(O)(3)(Iv)(CZ 
The petitioner has submitted a plethora of evidence regarding Mr. Brunel's 
experience in the fashion modeling industry. Mr. Brunel's has established MC2 
Models, formerly Karin Models, which is presently one of the major international 
modeling agencies, with combined annual revenues of twenty five million 
dollars. Only someone with Mr. Brunel's expertise and strong strive for success 
can achieve such international acclamation in the industry and been able to 
maintain his status for over twenty-five years. Mr. Brunel is the one responsible for 
the launch of numerous supermodels' careers, which have been maintained in 
the spotlight for several years. He has worked with renowned fashion designers 
and photographers, who have trusted his work and intuition. In addition, Mr. 
Brunel has orchestrated many international and national successful fashion 
events that have received international acclamation. 
For the above-mentioned reasons, Mr. Brunel in addition to meeting at least 
three of the criteria of 8 CFR §214.2(O)(3)(iv)(B), he also qualifies under 8 CFR 
§214.2(O)(3)(iv)(C). 
III. CONCLUSION 
It is clear from the evidence that Mr. Brunel is eligible for classification as 
an Alien of Extraordinary Ability in Art Direction and Talent Coordination based 
IO 
EFTA00592773
--- PAGE 12 ---
upon his meeting the eligibility requirements under the Immigration and 
Naturalization Act 101(a)(15)(O)(i) and 8 CFR 214.2(o). Mr. Brunel's successful 
career proves that he is a prominent, leading, and well-known person in the field 
of arts. Mr. Brunel's extraordinary ability in the field of arts, in which he will 
continue to work in the United States, has been demonstrated by sustained 
national and international acclaim. Based on the foregoing, we respectfully 
request your kind consideration and favorable determination of this petition, in 
order to accord Mr. Brunel the classification as an Alien of Extraordinary Ability in 
Art Direction and Talent Coordination. Again, kindly note that the beneficiary, 
Mr. Jean Luc Brunel, has held O- I status in the past. 
Wherefore, for the above-stated reasons, we respectfully request your 
favorable adjudication of the O-1 nonimmigrant visa petition submitted by MC2 
Models Miami, LLC on behalf of Mr. Brunel. If you should have any questions or 
require any additional documentation, please do not hesitate to contact our 
office. 
Thank you very much for your kind attention regarding this matter. 
Truly Yours, 
EFTA00592774

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592775.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00592775
--- PAGE 2 ---
Donald M. Pomeranz, D.D.S. 
Balance Sheet 
Accrual Basis 
Payroll Liabilities 
VIESA 
FUTA 
VIWT 
Workers Comp 
As of December 31, 2014 
Dec 31, 14 
346.64 
985.77 
5,747.00 
85.41 
Dec 31, 13 
212.09 
806.32 
3,944.00 
16.78 
Total Payroll Liabilities 
7,164.82 
4,979.19 
Total Other Current Liabilities 
11,516.46 
8,024.90 
Total Current Liabilities 
69,083.86 
45,847.71 
Total Liabilities 
69,083.86 
45,847.71 
Equity 
Common Stock 
1,000.00 
1,000.00 
Paid in Capital 
63.341.00 
63,341.00 
R/E - prior period adjustment 
0.00 
4,102.56 
Retained Earnings 
37,556.25 
24,965.11 
Stockholder Drawing Acct. 
-134,986.99 
-59,843.17 
Net Income 
145,521.64 
68,331.75 
Total Equity 
112,431.90 
101,897.25 
TOTAL LIABILITIES & EQUITY 
181,515.76 
147,744.96 
EFTA00592776
--- PAGE 3 ---
Donald M. Pomeranz, D.D.S. 
Balance Sheet 
Accrual Basis 
ASSETS 
Current Assets 
Checking Savings 
Banco Popular 
First Bank 
Total CheckingSavings 
Accounts Receivable 
As of December 31. 2012 
Dec 31, 12 
2.887 74 
6.958.10 
Dec 31, 11 
26,594.51 
8,792.16 
35.386.67 
9.845.84 
Accounts Receivable 
28,667.50 
22,890.40 
Total Accounts Receivable 
28,667.50 
22,890.40 
Total Current Assets 
38.513.34 
58,277.07 
Fixed Assets 
Fixed Assets - cost 
Leasehold Improvements 
180,248.00 
180,248.00 
Equipment 
143.032.04 
137,184.04 
Leased Equipment 
238,281.90 
238,281.90 
Furniture & Fixtures 
21,356.98 
21.356.98 
Vehicles 
25.010.19 
25,010.19 
Software 
1,200.00 
1,200.00 
Total Fixed Assets - cost 
609.129.11 
603,281.11 
Accumulated Depriciatlon 
-504,486.45 
-493,329.45 
Total Fixed Assets 
104,642.66 
109,951.66 
TOTAL ASSETS 
143,158.00 
188,228.73 
LIABILITIES & EQUITY 
Liabilities 
Current Liabilities 
Accounts Payable 
Accounts Payable 
8,306.74 
7,355.06 
Total Accounts Payable 
8.306.74 
7,355.06 
Credit Cards 
CITI Platinum 
36.705.51 
2.155.74 
Total Credit Cards 
36.705.51 
2,155.74 
Other Current Liabilities 
Gross Rec. Tax Payable 
3,598.84 
5,124.87 
Payroll Liabilities 
VIESA 
109.11 
15.41 
FUTA 
985.69 
202.30 
Workers Comp 
4.144.00 
-6.58 
Total Payroll Liabilities 
5,238.80 
211.13 
Total Other Current Liabilities 
8.837.64 
5,336.00 
Total Current Liabilities 
53.849.89 
14,846.80 
Total Liabilities 
53.849.89 
14,846.80 
EFTA00592777
--- PAGE 4 ---
Donald M. Pomeranz, D.D.S. 
Balance Sheet 
Accrual Basis 
Equity 
As of December 31, 2012 
Dec 31, 12 
Dec 31, 11 
Common Stock 
1.000.00 
1,000.00 
Paid In Capital 
63.341.00 
63.341.00 
Retained Earnings 
89,040.93 
64,745.85 
Stockholder Drawing Acct. 
-155.320.72 
-160,936.08 
Net Income 
91,244.90 
185,231.16 
Total Equity 
89,306.11 
153,381.93 
TOTAL LIABILITIES & EQUITY 
143,156.00 
168,228.73 
EFTA00592778

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592779.pdf
----------------------------------------
Judge tosses 'sex slave' clainis involving Prince Andrew - NY Daily News 
Page 2 of 4 
LL
The 'lax slav*" nians made In the Jelftey Epitel." Can egala« 
the Seds have been 10Sfad by a fiende lody.. 
Prince Andrew is seen levring Vetbar ski rond in Senlarland in January sned the bnivIng na 
'Handel. 
Oershowitz C:led the Ciderns a libelods wiear. and aned ~ro lo Nrow oul the 
tcoultgeOus and impeetneat ediegatens." 
Ir his futtig the Mya nia mn coou 'has CO0 Sgeied Mr. Ikvanewili's 
moments. but JIMS Nal his Nierventon is unnecessary" — at Nine afte Doe 
No Ya lund delnaf • 
in an altdaNI Robens &Utled 
hei angett Welt vent 
OdishOwsli and odens, including 
a vred og gy van Andiew. 
Calle" and other apparevy 
under:ned pins 
'The lacNni deltas regard,ng 
war. veti m and where /N Jane 
Cool engapel in sexual 
aCtvine9 Ve inmalen& aNi 
imperier., to tr., central isalm 
ntieCally COMidering thai 
Inom> detaib invOlve nospar bes 
who we rot 'Valv] to me 
respondent Go... ened These 
winevetfaiy delad, sisu lm 
slocken,' the yJdge wo fre. 
He frisa kund lime 4031 no 
teamet lov the new Does 10 
intatvene fl lhe camp el a 
since 
the apmal No Nano% neo 
Ned 1.1,1 on bred of at ol 
Eptleuth !metas h* yens ago 
Iw Cotan frids Mat justice 
does no: gement ndding new 
prat, elit ide in Ile 
Wattens; the stafett molo 
ond 'd if entrely unneCeStaly 
ter Jon Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 to Inueeed as Porlat In dis achou'
/betydde da ny ale ruinen cOuIC be Cated as *yrastes venen the ene pors 
lo triad 
'The necenert PaniefialiCa OI Jaet* Dos 3 Vid Jane Doe a el this fast can lo 
bablifted by °Kenne meo OmPtalY futtoned — and relevant. adrna.sible. and 
non cunwlattee — ksllmony as *Nedled." Mana stele. 
fems wom 
arrested alt 
btovnorch a 
beef+ 
Ao med mr. a I 
ner tlibe SIM) 
tana • -ib 
South Cato 
~bet 
ds 
atoll& ho: 
Neon 
A leiterely o 
0—a uusc 
oeec Viet • $ 
5C. tog Ml 
Slaget Chef 
minde. of V 
Scott 
vnle sop in 
ebba& wall 
Nods on Tv 
HOMeteSS r 
Sound in sto 
with ment 
Meta roa Ap 
*at bina n e 
Artakt CON 
chatged 
~Neg ovi 
In dlne and 
Th• Ma kw.. 
o. "ene ny 
awew Vant 
Baiwnort g 
member Ta 
gett tedom 
sto:ende 
r04 coembilor 
4.vb ron a 00 
Iblere cia 
Detroit Ann 
enorme 2 c 
in 'artist- i 
& Grym men 
MO .at hats. 
Kiel"... att 
Video show 
'u int sorCii 
fall on bod! 
4/9/2015 
EFTA00592779
--- PAGE 2 ---
Judge tosses 'sex slave' claims involving Prince Andrew - NY Daily News 
Page 3 of 4 
anareweellateersaitialtits 
Alan DeaneWilt wet sensed le twat the judge threw out Ihe `an slave` allagatione and says n• win 
be vindicated 
Dergaterat told the Daily Ncws he pleased win Inc degsion — DU he Ain 
plans on going idler Rotels and her lawyers to. del:oration 
'She was hiding in Colorado 
but we laical he, and sne ew have lo De 
depOsed; ne Said. The end resull i5 that shell go to ja :betihiSe stew 9 repeal 
her his and went be able toprow it end She von end up in pinto' ler perjury.' 
AS far his owr repute. an. 'Or confident Mal M Me ens pit be einotailea end 
eversbody vas uneorsiano Ums IS a COrnplelety mate up Weir' 
Buckingham Palace ha, dined the alreganxiS egonsi Prince Andrew. which. 
had been boallerea tw e pkavn) 01 the printe vein his win wrapped yeund 
Rober$ wrist 
A palate spoke-nu m decined 10 COrnireel On the pd dge's ruing lo The 
Mix -eared Press. 
A lawyer lot he four Does. Bred Edwards. vaned top 
oh wit ele 1gM, Icr 
EpsiernO virtims new Ine NOS nave acknowledged romper et ow cozens 
'We are pmased be the Cei..1'S Nand recording Mil Jar • I.)00 3 and I have a 
&am to participate witroLt Me need for Ion* 
'interventon • he Said 
In a slate/nen% 'Doe T is a. II happy 1.) V! TO pasticipair ,n *is irnOOrlani 
case • 
••••;r5 ernes /p.m.. 
PROMOTED STORIES 
Lane °cyan. Goes Alter Wine's 
Saint With angioAneel 
Cens...en 
Forget GOOftling IPAin.thi• eat 
revaNr cd1 Sung y *Met • naive 
and stew el .none you knew. 
S un non you Wan, legay? 
Mewl Elegises May HT" Tend 
IA 6Wijanialibil.ThOwli flan. 
:5 Oheietemin IDM Wal Vat 
Yoe L.w.n Oul Leoar 
Ca▪ nn', to, inn Greatest 
Munesonall All 
Tem Hanks Reveals SWIM* 
Health MOWS 
A il.n.telty a 
crven6 Mlinn 
.5 pi cl.nr.C.41 
SEE IT. Fla. 
snitched SI 
ocean 
A iTAII Ilona 
own. 
S Div 
tetetey • IA 
Drug. an c 
feed agains 
female Can 
-wheel C 
hlifSIS owe 
wen =are.: 
west Rti 
Oslo 
bent 
ea 
Os se 
mr n 
g Ater 
:ton,
Inn. 
wen: 
r 
lAhn I 
scan 
hAchi 
sane 
APO. 
S... 
won 
sc 
4/9/2015 
EFTA00592780
--- PAGE 3 ---
Judge tosses 'sex slave' claims involving Prince Andrew - ICY Daily News 
Page 4 of 4 
HMI FROM NYDANYKWS 
Michael Stager The S.G. 
alt; F. 
 ..We 
Kennedy Alrporl 
cop who Mid WNW 
7— 'el.; 
rT17: 
passengers left SI 2.550 IT 
San 
I SA checkpoints 
WE RECOMMEND 
Owl Waterproof 
et :ir% 
cancer-0m* 
r
 o li, 
091.ne 
I!!?,011:!4001° 
ACCOariling 
:110 
COWS.. 
COMMENTS 1/ 
POST A COMMEwl 
!Wm a cowetni 
lop Roth IPA 
OncJillicn CoOeLneSi 
JONNNIE DONTGIVEADASIN 
sip 
woods., hv, mach iner had 0 rase re pnge 
gei r. a Imo,' 
;.se 
It.. 
Shan 
MARK 
Geo *pa 
S-10. tcaut iTs nal entirely RN REM mai 14 $l9t SJx thy 97e lace svde 0c4 •^7COL.IC 
rune been lying> Na rot possole at al lora go MCI a Scrod ha? theory ?or to saw oats 
WWI al infest, SIMI Or+ 
bun 
TM O'MALLEY 
inn r,o 
MCPUS Ia cat 
SAW aCCuSS COrenCwIrt 010 SPOON,
SOMFMAS Skv.t 
SHOW MORE COMMENTS 
MOM N.-0001. 
r„ 
„. antral. 
XELJANZ 
•
KIISTNINT salFtlsftuua.IOk 
Att. IWO net krona nroup %We own 
Snut stasi,. Y1 t...//s/ 
.0•01-...•frtion 4..Orr Monied. S 
. . 
/A 
I knit Uet.e 
1.140Yekt• 
L.SeSreSSeS 
Fxt.. Le 
SISAA &a Let 
twac 
Cs weak 
• 
("Ms 
str.P.of ego lepsissysi b. Mg 
av 
t•Chros../S XIS P.I0M, 
to NY.. 
http://www.nydailynews.cominews/national/judge-tosses-sex-slavc-claims-involving-prince... 4/9/2015 
EFTA00592781

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592782.pdf
----------------------------------------
CMG Capital Group 
4141 NE 2 Ave #204-A, Miami, FL 33137 
Tel: 
PROPOSAL LETTER 
Date: 
May 31, 2016 
Lender: 
CMG Capital or its assigns (collectively, the investor" or "Investors") 
Borrower: 
Global Oil 604, Lit. 
Finance Amount: 
$2,250,000.00 (Two Million Two Hundred Fifty United States Dollars) 
Term Facility Amount: Two Million Two Hundred and Fifty Thousand United States Dollars (US$ 
2,250,000.00) 
Type: 
Term Note (the "Note") 
Term: 
Twelve Months (12) Months from Closing (the "Maturity Date"). 
Interest Rate: 
Twelve Percent (12%) per annum payable in advance in cash on monthly basis. 
Three (3) months to be paid in advance with minimum six (6) month interest 
payment guarantee. 
Principal Amortization: N/A 
Collateral: 
Bombardier Inc., model CL-600.26-16 (Challenger 604) Serial Number 5408 and 
FAA Registration Mark N604SA 
Covenants: 
Lender shall finance Borrower the amount of Two Million Two Hundred and 
Fifty Thousand United States Dollars (US$ 2,250,000.00) in exchange for the 
aircraft title, aircraft thereafter to be leased back to Borrower. Fair market 
value of the Aircraft shall be and remain through the term of the Note no less 
than of the amount of the outstanding obligations under the Note as 
determined by Lender. Lender may, at Borrowers expense, conduct a third 
party appraisal of the Aircraft at any time; provided, that, so long as no event of 
default has occurred and is continuing under the Note, Borrower shall only be 
responsible to reimburse a single third-party appraisal per 12 month period. 
Events of Default: 
Standard events of default under Lease 
Documentation: 
Borrower shall provide all documentation reasonably 
requested 
by 
Lender/Lenders counsel for review, including, without limitation, evidence of 
due organization and capitalization, personal financial statement and personal 
guarantee. 
EFTA00592782
--- PAGE 2 ---
CMG Capital Group 
4141 NE 2 Ave 4204-A, Miami, FL 33137 
Tel: 
ww w.cmgciikta I.com 
Insurance: 
The Borrower shall obtain All-Risk Hull Coverage, Third Party General Liability 
Coverage, Passenger Liability Coverage, and any other insurance reasonably 
required by the Lender on the Aircraft, including without limitation, War Risk 
and Allied Peril Coverage Endorsements. All such insurance shall be in amounts, 
with insurers, and under policies, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory 
to the Lender, and contain endorsements naming the Lender, for the benefit of 
Lender, as additional insured and loss payee as appropriate. 
Collateral: 
Lender shall have title to the aircraft 
Guarantor(s): 
Harry Sargeant III / Global Oil 604, LLC 
Aircraft Maintenance 
Limitation of 500 flight hours annually. Borrower shall maintain and operate 
And Operations: 
the Aircraft in accordance with the terms and conditions of the final loan 
Documentation. 
No subleasing of Aircraft or commercial operations for 
compensation or hire without consent of tender, which may include collateral 
assignment of any lease to Lender. 
Appraisal: 
Lender will arrange at Borrower's expense an Aircraft Appraisal which shall be 
acceptable to Lender. 
Confidentiality: 
The information contained herein is confidential and may not be released by 
you or your representatives or agents, in written or verbal form, without the 
prior written consent of Lender. 
Transaction Expenses: Borrower will pay all of its costs and expenses. Borrower also agrees to pay all 
expenses of Lender in connection with this transaction, including, but not 
limited to, processing fees, credit verification and investigation, attorney's fees, 
FAA and Cape Town filing fees and lien searches, whether or not the proposed 
transaction closes ("Lender Expenses"). Assuming all documentation is in order, 
Investor anticipates these fees and expenses to be no more than Ten Thousand 
United States Dollars (US$ 10,000) (the "Fee Estimate), provided that if such 
fees and expenses are in excess of the Fee Estimate as a result of unforeseen 
events, such excess shall also be borne by Borrower. Borrower shall pay at time 
of closing to Lender an origination fee equal to 2.5% of the loan amount. 
Deposit: 
A good faith deposit of Ten Thousand United States Dollars (US$ 10,000.00) (the 
"Deposit"), is payable upon execution of this Proposal Letter, and will be 
credited against the Lender Expenses associated with the loan. In the event that 
EFTA00592783
--- PAGE 3 ---
CMG Capital Group 
4141 NE 2 Ave #204-A, Miami, FL 33137 
Tel: 
the Deposit exceeds the Lender/Lease Expenses, such excess shall be returned 
to Borrower. 
This proposal letter does not set forth all the terms and conditions of the Loan/Lease offered 
herein. Rather, it is only an outline, in summary format, of the major points of understanding that will 
form the basis of the final documentation, which will be prepared by Lender/Lessor. 
The Borrower authorizes the Lender, to file UCC-1 and/or other financing statements covering 
the Collateral naming the Lender as secured party and the Borrower as the debtor, in all appropriate 
jurisdictions, together with any amendments, modifications and substitutions thereto to secure the 
obligations of the Borrower to the Lender contained herein and the cost, if any, incurred in collecting 
such obligations. 
This Proposal Letter is not and shall not be deemed to be a binding agreement by Lender to 
provide the loan as set forth herein. Such agreement will arise only upon the execution and delivery by 
the Borrower of definitive agreements satisfactory in form and substance to Lender and the fulfillment, 
to the satisfaction of Lender, of certain conditions precedent required by Lender and set forth therein. 
In the event the Borrower elects not to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or the 
Borrower is unable for any reason to close the transaction in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of this letter on or before June 10, 2016, the terms of this Proposal Letter, other than Sections entitled 
"Confidentiality," "Transaction Expenses" and "Deposit," shall automatically terminate (unless extended 
in writing in Lenders discretion). 
If the above is acceptable to you, please sign and return to us the enclosed copy of this Proposal 
Letter no later than the close of business on June 2, 2016. 
Name: /4-4--ri SA-260Di 
Title: Merl 
EFTA00592784

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592785.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592785.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Tue. 07 June 2016 13:27:42 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page 1 of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr SIe.55 WC 08.03-69 
Phoenix 
Toll Free 
When Overseas Call Collect 
LACSO/R 
Ticket AA 0017836829929-07JUN 
Travel Details 
Thursday 09 Jun 16 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator AXANCO 
Airline 
American Airlines 
Flight 
AA 1391 
Origin 
Miami. 
Destination 
Charlotte Amalie, 
Departing 
11:29AM 
Sullying 
02:12 PM 
Class 
Economy Class 
Seats 
22C 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Additional Messages 
Miami International 
Cyril E King Airport 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 43 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 737-800 
Meal 
Food For Purchase 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
NIL 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary AXANCO 
E<PRESS 
EFTA00592785
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS ti RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Roca Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at 
To book your stay, visit 
or call your Travel Office. 
' Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cal Centurion Travel Service for details 
"Benefits vac, by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
For more information on benefits and eligibility, please visit: 
• Centurion Hotel Program: 
• FINE HOTELS E RESORTS: 
• The Hotel Collection: 
• International Mine Program: 
• Cruise Privileges Program: 
• Platinum Destinations Vacations: 
• Pay min Points: 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any lodging, tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation o other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services include's,. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of Amencan Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and as parent. subsidiaries or affiliates (colectively. 'Amex') has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
imposed charges. including. but not limited to. daily resort o facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-ouL You may wish to inquire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at 
Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
International Travel Documentation and Information: 
Travelers desiring transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining an necessary travel documents and complying with all government travel 
requirements. You must present all exit. entry and other documents required by law. Amex shall not be responsible to you for any loss or expense due to your failure to 
comply with such requirements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carriage to any passenger vino has not complied with applicable laws. regulations. orders. 
demands. or requirements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibitity to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your journey. Many 
countries requre that your passport be valid for up to six (6) months from your date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign cowry. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at Mtp::i:ravels:ate eov: contenPpassper'S englislYcecntry.hurl. Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on the foregoing 
website. 
• 
Air Transportation 
Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. Please visit 
information. 
for more 
• Airline Notice on Hazardous Materials 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants. lighter fluid, fireworks. tear gases, oxygen bottles, and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further 
information contact your airline representative or visit https./Mmw Ins pov/apouthrutiatninvha7mat_safetyt. 
Liability Statement 
You understand and agree that American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex"). 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shal not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. diectly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. induding but not limited to delays, overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or failures of 
equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil unrest. 
Page 2 of 3 
Itinerary AXANCO 
AMERICAN 
ECPRE SS 
EFTA00592786
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
strikes. riots, theft, disease. accidents or failures related to the public intemet. telecommunications lines or facilities. or third party technology systems. or any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itneraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and from tine to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to or marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier produces and services. From tine to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and 
these arrangements. including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and rectimmendng itineraries. we 
may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
State-Specific Disclosures; 
CALIFORNIA: Upon cancellation of the transportation or travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled n violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier. 
without obtaining a refund and such other provider fails to provide the agreed-upon transportation or service. In this situation. the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establishing the disbursement of the customer payment. and if disbursed to a registered wholesaler of 
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the sober of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with the 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when required. The mammon amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed $15.000. A claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A clam 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the clam soda $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating saber of travel for matters arang out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation: •. 
Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRF's websde at voww.lcreinfo.org. 
• WASHINGTON: If transportation or Other services are canceled by the seller of travel. all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
• HAWAII: Please visit 
gcvpcbrtes,'2013OGnonsumer_nghtspdf for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which matmair.s our travel agency trust account is Bank of Hawaii. Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue. Honolulu. HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account 
California C6741022318. Washington UBW600-469-694, Iowa TA#669. 
Page 3 of 3 
Itinerary AXANCO 
AtEG
EFTA00592787

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592788.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592788.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117 Filed 04/21/16 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
X 
VIRGINIA L. GIUFFRE, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
X 
15-cv-07433-RWS 
Declaration Of Laura A. Menninger In Opposition to 
Renewed Pro Ha Vice Motions of Messrs. Cassell and Edwards 
I, Laura A. Menninger, declare as follows: 
1. I am an attorney at law duly licensed in the State of New York and admitted to 
practice in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. I am a 
member of the law firm Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C., counsel of record for Defendant 
Ghislaine Maxwell ("Maxwell") in this action. I respectfully submit this declaration in 
support of Defendant's Opposition to Plaintiff's Motion for Forensic Examination. 
2. Attached as Exhibit A are true and correct copies of correspondence between 
counsel for Ms. Maxwell and counsel for Ms. Giuffre on April 21, 2016. 
3. Attached as Exhibit B is a true and correct copy of "Plaintiffs and Non-Party 
Virginia Giuffre's Notice Regarding the Parties Joint Stipulation of Dismissal," filed on 
April 11, 2016, in Cassell and Edwards v. Dershowiiz, In and for the Seventeenth Judicial 
District, Broward County, Florida. 
EFTA00592788
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117 Filed 04/21/16 Page 2 of 2 
By: Is/Laura A. Menninger 
Laura A. Menninger 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that on April 21, 2016, I electronically served this Declaration Of Laura A. 
Menninger In Opposition to Renewed Pro Hac Vice Motions of Messrs. Cassell anEdward via 
ECF on the following: 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER, LLP 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Ste. 1200 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
smccawley®bsflIp.com 
/s/ Laura A Menninger 
Laura A. Menninger 
EFTA00592789
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-1 Filed 04/21/16 Page 1 of 13 
Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 11:22:05 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
Subject: Giuffre v Maxwell -[Supplemental Materials] 
Date: 
Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 5:44:02 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
From: 
Laura Menninger 
To: 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
CC: 
Jeff Pagliuca 
Sigrid 
We did not receive any supplemental materials in support of Mr Cassell's pro hac application. 
If materials were submitted to the Court, please provide them to us immediately. 
-Laura 
Page 1 of 13 
EFTA00592790
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-1 Filed 04/21/16 Page 2 of 13 
Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 11:22:05 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
Subject: RE: Giuffre v Maxwell -[Supplemental Materials] 
Date: 
Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 5:44:56 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
From: 
Sigrid McCawley 
To: 
Laura Menninger 
CC: 
Jeff Pagliuca 
My staff is scanning them to you now. You should have them momentarily. 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
Partner 
BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-356-0011 ext. 4223 
Fax: 954-356-0022 
http:/
p.com 
Original Message 
From: Laura Menninger Imailto:Imenning
hmflaw.com
Sent: Thursday, April 21, 2016 5:44 PM 
To: Sigrid McCawley 
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
Subject: Giuffre v Maxwell -(Supplemental Materials] 
Sigrid 
We did not receive any supplemental materials in support of Mr Cassell's pro hac application. 
If materials were submitted to the Court, please provide them to us immediately. 
-Laura 
The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the 
named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client 
privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic 
message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you 
are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly 
prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the 
sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. (v.1] 
Page 2 of 13 
EFTA00592791
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-1 Filed 04/21/16 Page 3 of 13 
Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 11:22:05 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
Subject: Re: Giuffre v Maxwell -(Supplemental Materials) 
Date: 
Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 5:48:25 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
From: 
Laura Menninger 
To: 
Sigrid McCawley 
CC: 
Jeff Pagliuca 
How and when were they provided to the Court? 
On Apr 21, 2016, at 5:45 PM, Sigrid McCawley <Smccawley_@BSFLLP.com> wrote: 
My staff is scanning them to you now. You should have them momentarily. 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
Partner 
BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-356-0011 ext. 4223 
Fax: 954-356-0022 
http://www.bsfllp.com 
Original Message 
From: Laura Menninger (mailto:Imenningg
hmflaw.coml 
Sent: Thursday, April 21, 2016 5:44 PM 
To: Sigrid McCawley 
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
Subject: Giuffre v Maxwell -(Supplemental Materials] 
Sigrid 
We did not receive any supplemental materials in support of Mr Cassell's pro hac application. 
If materials were submitted to the Court, please provide them to us immediately. 
-Laura 
The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the 
named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client 
privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic 
message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you 
are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly 
prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify 
the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. 
[v.1] 
Page 3 of 13 
EFTA00592792
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-1 Filed 04/21/16 Page 4 of 13 
Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 11:22:05 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
Subject: Supplemental Materials 
Date: 
Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 5:49:24 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
From: 
Meredith Schultz 
To: 
Laura Menninger, Jeff Pagliuca 
CC: 
Sigrid McCawley 
Laura/Jeff, 
Please see the attached. 
Thanks, 
Meredith 
The information contained in this electronic message is confidential inforrnabon intended only for the use of the named reament(s) and may contain information that. 
among other protections. is the subject of attorney-client pnvilege. attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under app cable law. if the reader of this electronic 
message is not the named recipient. or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient. you are hereby notified that any dissemination. 
distnbution. copying or other use of this communication is stnctly prohibited and no pnvilege is waived. If you have received this communicatco in error. please 
immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. (v.1) 
Page 4 of 13 
EFTA00592793
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-1 Filed 04/21/16 Page 5 of 13 
Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 11:22:05 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
Subject: Re: Supplemental Materials 
Date: 
Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 5:52:27 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
From: 
Jeff Pagliuca 
To: 
Meredith Schultz 
CC: 
Laura Menninger, Sigrid McCawley 
I would like to know when these were filed with the court. 
Jeff 
On Apr 21, 2016, at 5:49 PM, Meredith Schultz <mschultz@BSFLLP.com> wrote: 
Laura/Jeff, 
Please see the attached. 
Thanks, 
Meredith 
The information contained in this electronic message is confidential inforrnabon intended only for the use of the named recip:ent(s) and may contain 
information that. among other protections. is the subject of attorney-client pnvilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under 
applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named 
recipient. you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution. copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no 
privilege is waived If you have received this communication in error, please immediately nobly the sender by replying to this electronic message 
and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. Ev.11 
<Pages from GM Scanned fax.pdf> 
Page S of 13 
EFTA00592794
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-1 Filed 04/21/16 Page 6 of 13 
Thursday, April 21,2016 at 11:22:05 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
Subject: RE: Giuffre v Maxwell -(Supplemental Materials] 
Date: 
Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 6:02:10 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
From: 
Sigrid McCawley 
To: 
Laura Menninger 
CC: 
Jeff Pagliuca 
I am in the NY office and we gave it to staff for faxing and then scanning. I believe it was about an hour ago. I 
just got the scanned copy and sent it to you. We are also planning to file similar papers on behalf of Brad 
Edwards which we will be sending shortly but it is not complete. 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
Partricr 
1OIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LL' 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-356-0011 ext. 4223 
Fax: 954-356-0022 
http://www.bsflIp.com 
From: Laura Menninger [mailto:Imenninger@hmflaw.com] 
Sent Thursday, April 21, 2016 5:48 PM 
To: Sigrid McCawley 
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
Subject: Re: Giuffre v Maxwell -[Supplemental Materials] 
How and when were they provided to the Court? 
> On Apr 21, 2016, at 5:45 PM, Sigrid McCawley <Smccawley@BSFLLP.com> wrote: 
> My staff is scanning them to you now. You should have them momentarily. 
> Sigrid S. McCawley 
> Partner 
> BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP 
> 401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200 
> Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
> Phone: 954-356-0011 ext. 4223 
> Fax: 954-356-0022 
> httplAvww.bsflIp.com 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Laura Menninger fmailto:Imenninger(ahmflawcom]
> Sent: Thursday, April 21, 2016 5:44 PM 
> To: Sigrid McCawley 
> Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
> Subject: Giuffre v Maxwell -[Supplemental Materials] 
> Sigrid 
Page 6 of 13 
EFTA00592795
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-1 Filed 04/21/16 Page 7 of 13 
> We did not receive any supplemental materials in support of Mr Cassell's pro hac application. 
> If materials were submitted to the Court, please provide them to us immediately. 
> -Laura 
> The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the 
use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject 
of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If 
the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to 
deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying 
or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have 
received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this 
electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1] 
The information contained in this electronic message is confidential inforrnabon intended only for the use of the named recipent(s) and may contain information that. 
among other protections. is the subject of attorney-client pnvilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic 
message is not the named recipient. or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you an hereby notified that any dissemination. 
distribution, copying or other use of this communication is stnctly prohibited and no pnvilege is waived. If you have received this communicatm in error. please 
immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronte message and then deleting his electron message from your computer. (v.1) 
Page 7 of 13 
EFTA00592796
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-1 Filed 04/21/16 Page 8 of 13 
Thursday, April 21,2016 at 11:22:05 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
Subject: Re: Giuffre v Maxwell -(Supplemental Materials] 
Date: 
Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 6:57:29 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
From: 
Jeff Pagliuca 
To: 
Sigrid McCawley 
CC: 
Laura Menninger 
I am assuming you have a time stamp on your fax. It was not part of what you sent to me. Please give me an exact 
time stamp on the filing. 
Jeff 
On Apr 21, 2016, at 6:02 PM, Sigrid McCawley <Smccawley_@BSFLLP.com> wrote: 
I am in the NY office and we gave it to staff for faxing and then scanning. I believe it was about 
an hour ago. I just got the scanned copy and sent it to you. We are also planning to file similar 
papers on behalf of Brad Edwards which we will be sending shortly but it is not complete. 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
Partner 
1OIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LL ' 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-356-0011 ext. 4223 
Fax: 954-356-0022 
http://www.bsfllp.com 
From: Laura Menninger [mailto:lmenninger@hmflaw.com]
Sent: Thursday, April 21, 2016 5:48 PM 
To: Sigrid McCawley 
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
Subject: Re: Giuffre v Maxwell -[Supplemental Materials] 
How and when were they provided to the Court? 
> On Apr 21, 2016, at 5:45 PM, Sigrid McCawley <Smccawley@BSFLLP.com> wrote: 
> My staff is scanning them to you now. You should have them momentarily. 
> Sigrid S. McCawley 
> Partner 
> BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP 
> 401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200 
> Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
> Phone: 954-356-0011 ext. 4223 
> Fax: 954-356-0022 
> mI p:/Avww.bsflIp.com 
Page 8 of 13 
EFTA00592797
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-1 Filed 04/21/16 Page 9 of 13 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Laura Menninger [mailto:Imenninger@hmflaw.com]
> Sent: Thursday, April 21, 2016 5:44 PM 
> To: Sigrid McCawley 
> Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
> Subject: Giuffre v Maxwell -[Supplemental Materials] 
> Sigrid 
> We did not receive any supplemental materials in support of Mr Cassell's pro hac 
application. 
> If materials were submitted to the Court, please provide them to us immediately. 
> -Laura 
> The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information 
intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, 
among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product 
or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is 
not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named 
recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use 
of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have 
received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to 
this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1] 
The information contained in this electronic message is confidential Information intended only for the use of the named recipent(s) and may contain 
information that. among other protections. is the subject of attomey-client pnvilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under 
applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent response/ate to deliver it to the named 
recipient. you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution. copying or other use of this come unicatcn is strictly prohibited and no 
privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately nobly the sender by replying to this electronic message 
and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. Iv.1] 
Page 9 of 13 
EFTA00592798
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-1 Filed 04/21/16 Page 10 of 13 
Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 11:22:05 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
Subject: Re: Giuffre v Maxwell -]Supplemental Materials] 
Date: 
Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 8:17:47 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
From: 
Jeff Pagliuca 
To: 
Sigrid McCawley 
CC: 
Laura Menninger 
I have not received a response to this request. "I believe it was about an hour ago" is not an acceptable response. 
Given that the court converted this issue into a motion hearing it was inappropriate for you to respond by letter and 
fax to the judge. I assume it is because you did not want the adverse party in the Dershowitz matter to have these 
statements available for review. 
Again, please provide me with a fax confirmation sheet that discloses when this communication was sent to Judge 
Sweet. 
Jeff 
On Apr 21, 2016, at 6:57 PM, Jeff Pagliuca <jpsgliucaahmfiaw.com> wrote: 
I am assuming you have a time stamp on your fax. It was not part of what you sent to me. Please give 
me an exact time stamp on the filing. 
Jeff 
On Apr 21, 2016, at 6:02 PM, Sigrid McCawley <Smccawley_@BSFLLP.com> wrote: 
I am in the NY office and we gave it to staff for faxing and then scanning. I believe 
it was about an hour ago. I just got the scanned copy and sent it to you. We are 
also planning to file similar papers on behalf of Brad Edwards which we will be 
sending shortly but it is not complete. 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
Partner 
MIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LIT 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-356-0011 ext. 4223 
Fax: 954-356-0022 
http://www.bsillp.com
From: Laura Menninger [mailtodmenningerahmflaw.com]
Sent: Thursday, April 21, 2016 5:48 PM 
To: Sigrid McCawley 
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
Subject: Re: Giuffre v Maxwell -[Supplemental Materials] 
How and when were they provided to the Court? 
Page 10 of 13 
EFTA00592799
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-1 Filed 04/21/16 Page 11 of 13 
> On Apr 21, 2016, at 5:45 PM, Sigrid McCawley 
<SmccawleyOBSFLLP.com> wrote: 
> My staff is scanning them to you now. You should have them momentarily. 
> Sigrid S. McCawley 
> Partner 
> BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP 
> 401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200 
> Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
> Phone: 954-356-0011 ext. 4223 
> Fax: 954-356-0022 
> sI p://www.bsfflp.com 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Laura Menninger [mailto:Imenninger(ahmflaw.com]
> Sent: Thursday, April 21, 2016 5:44 PM 
> To: Sigrid McCawley 
> Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
> Subject: Giuffre v Maxwell -[Supplemental Materials] 
> Sigrid 
> We did not receive any supplemental materials in support of Mr Cassell's 
pro hac application. 
> If materials were submitted to the Court, please provide them to us 
immediately. 
> -Laura 
> The information contained in this electronic message is confidential 
information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may 
contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-
client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under 
applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named 
recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named 
recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying 
or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is 
waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately 
notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this 
electronic message from your computer. [v.1] 
Page 11 of 13 
EFTA00592800
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-1 Filed 04/21/16 Page 12 of 13 
Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 11:22:05 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named 
recipient(s) and may contain informabon that. among other protections. is the subject of attorney-client pdvdege. attorney work 
product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named reap:eat. or 
the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient. you are hereby noticed that any clisseminatm. 
distnbution. copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no pnvilege is waived. If you have recewed 
this communication in env,. please immediately nobly the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this 
electronic message from your computer. kill 
Subject: FW: fax transmittal 
Date: 
Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 8:39:56 PM Eastern Daylight Time 
From: 
Jeff Pagliuca 
To: 
Laura Menninger 
From: Meredith Schultz <mschultz@BSFLLP.com>
Date: Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 6:07 PM 
To: Jeffrey Pagliuca <jugliucaPhmflaw.com>
Cc: Sigrid McCawley CmccawleyBBSFLLP.com>
Subject: fax transmittal 
Jeff, 
We sent the fax to the Court at approximately 4:30. We were going to serve it to you at that time, but it did 
not get out until later due to a clerical error. You have my apologies for that — it was not intentional. 
My fax transmittal sheet is in error, and says that the fax was sent at 3:31. Again, this is in error. All of the fax 
machines in my firm's New York office are off by approximately 1 hour. It appears that all the fax machines 
were not set reset last month with the "spring forward" time change. Judge Sweet's fax receipt (if set 
correctly) should say the exact time it was received, and it should reflect that it was transmitted around 4:30 
instead of around 3:30. 
I looked at three fax machines in the office from which the fax could have been sent. At present, I don't know 
what machine it was sent from. However, the time displayed by all three fax machines are off by about an 
hour, but all differ a few minutes in what time they read. Because of the discrepancies among the machines, 
and because we don't know at present which fax machine it was sent from, I cannot give you a precise time 
of transmittal at the time. However, all three machines read approximately one hour earlier than it actually is. 
The staff has been made aware of this issue (as you can see from the attached). Also, earlier, we took a 
picture of one of the fax machines with a time-stamp of the photograph, showing the discrepancy — that 
picture is also attached. 
Thanks, 
Meredith 
Meredith L. Schultz 
BOLES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Page 12 of 13 
EFTA00592801
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-1 Filed 04/21/16 Page 13 of 13 
Phone: 954-356-0011 ext. 4204 
Fax: 954-356-0022 
sl p://www.bsfllp.com 
The information contained in this electronic message is confidential informabon intended only for the use of the named recaptent(s) and may contain information that. 
among other protections. is the subject of attorney-client pnvilege. attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under appecable law. tithe reader of this electronic 
message is not the named recipient. or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient. you age hereby notified that any dissemination. 
distnbution. copying or other use of this communication is stncuy prohibited and no pnvilege is waived. If you have received this ccenmunicabon in error. please 
immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your amputee; (v.1) 
Page 13 of 13 
EFTA00592802
--- PAGE 16 ---
Filing #4O09659M; tikkic6407psowpwi :ppoierptet 117-2 Filed 04/21/16 Page 1 of 7 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS. and 
PAUL G. CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs, 
v. 
ALAN DERSHOWITZ. 
Defendant. 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 17th 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR 
BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
CASE NO. CACE 15-000072 
PLAINTIFFS AND NON-PARTY VIRGINIA GIUFFRE'S NOTICE REGARDING THE 
PARTIES' JOINT SITPULATION OF DISMISSAL 
Plaintiffs and Non-Party Virginia Giuffre, by and through undersigned counsel, hereby 
provide the Court with Notice that while the Plaintiff and Defendant submitted a Joint Stipulation 
of Dismissal, on April 8. 2016, there remain issues pending before the Court that requires the 
Court to retain jurisdiction over this matter. Specifically, the Court has specially set for hearing 
on May 12, 2016, non-party Virginia Giuffre's Supplemental Motion to Strike and for Sanctions 
against Defendant Dershowitz. See Exhibit A. The parties agreed that the settlement between the 
Plaintiffs and the Defendant would in no way affect the right of non-party Virginia Giuffre to have 
her pending Motion to Strike and for Sanctions heard by the Court. Accordingly, in an abundance 
of caution, Plaintiffs and Non-Party Giuffre provide this Notice to ensure the Court retains 
jurisdiction over the matter to resolve the remaining pending issues. 
*** FILED: BROWARD COUNTY. FL HOWARD FORMAN. CLERK 4/11/2016 1:52:00 PMS** 
EFTA00592803
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-2 Filed 04/21/16 Page 2 of 7 
Dated: April 11, 2016 
Respectfully submitted, 
4S> 
BOWS, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP 
By: /s/Siarid S. McCawley_ 
Sigrid S. McCawley, Esq. 
Florida Bar No. 129305 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone: (954) 356-0011 
Facsimile: (954) 356-0022 
Attorney for Non-Party Virginia Giuffre 
By: /s/ Jack Scarola 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
SEARCY DENNEY SCAROLA BARNHART 
& SHIPLEY, P.A. 
ISN(aseartzylnw.com 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409-6601 
Attorney for Plaint0 
EFTA00592804
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-2 Filed 04/21/16 Page 3 of 7 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on April II, 2016, a true and correct copy of the foregoing 
was served by Electronic Mail to the individuals identified below. 
By: /s/Sigrid S. McCawley 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
Thomas E. Scott 
1-hoinas.setni'.if c:klegal.corn 
Steven R. Safra 
SteA ti.sali.;I:ct cskicgal.coin 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Richard A. Simpson 
rsimpsonv:( wi levrein.,..)1n 
Mary E. Borja 
niborja covilereip,coni 
Ashley E. Eiler 
9150 S. Dadeland Blvd., Suite 1400 
aeiler,c wilpyrein.con! 
Miami, Florida 33156 
WILEY REIN, LLP 
Renee,nail .i:icskleoal,coin 
1776 K Street NW 
Shell) damboYcsklq/al.ccnn 
Washington. D.C. 20006 
Counsel for Alan Dershowit: 
Counsellor Alan Demhowitz 
Charles H. Lichtman, Esq. 
Bruce S. Rogow, Esq. 
BERGER SINGERMAN LLP 
BRUCE S. ROGOW, P.A. 
350 E. Las Olas Blvd. 
100 NE 3n1 Avenue, Suite 1000 
Suite 1000 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Tel: (954) 767-8909 
Tel: (954) 525-9900 
Fax: (954) 764-1530 
Fax: (954) 523-2872 
Email: brogow(drogolaw.com 
Email: clicli:njainibergersinaerman.com 
Counsel for Alan Dershowitz 
Kenneth A. Sweder, Esq. 
SWEDER & ROSS. LLP 
131 Oliver Street 
Boston, MA 02110 
.,- a 
.  -;.- 
Tel: (6 I 7) 646-4466 
-..-:
".:- 
Email: } i‘, cki,: • O-.weder4bss. Qm 
c..0 
Counsel for Alan Dershowitz 
EFTA00592805
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 1:15=c.v,074.13-RWS_Dacument_U_7-2_Eilad_0_4/2111 s Page 4_of 7
.41/4
CH>" 
OQA
,N4c 
csA 
,4c 
s.s .%4c 
t<sis 
.s* 
• 
"CN- 
• 
•S" 
..."SN' 
• 
•SS' 
CS=',
• 
•,3N--C> 
• 
<SS, ' 
'4 
• 
• .1' 
• 
C  
app 
01/4
, 
e 
, 
e 
e N.4
, # , • ,4 
•N'' 
•.-
44.\ 
ooQo 
c*.r, 
wwo
4A
e
COQ
s"'N' 
c≥t" 
.4•Nt• 
4. 
s) 
• 
v-s> • 
, 
• 
,s> • 
,s> 
,s> • \. 
,s> 
s e 
s e 
s % 
S.> 
1/4
S> 
• 4 41/4 4 01/4 4 <01/4 4.‘ <01/4 isc <01/4 .0 41/4 4 
, 
, 
, 
_cc\ , , 
% 
, 
, 
%-
_„4 
„p. 
<.Ne
4.c 
\  
..„4$ e e 
s 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
1
t 
I 
t 
"is 
I' 
t 
ty 
.,.,.‘ 
I 
e 
, 4A 
I 
I 
..
, 
N. 
N. 
, 
, 
4A 4 
41/4 '4 s 1/4 -:c e „4 e 4 e 4 
< 
• 
• 
',Ss' 4' 
4\ 
s,
cs* 
$
1/4
app 
% 
%St"' 
Nt-- 
'Ss" 
4S.;:‘ 
4.> 
4.>
4\ • 4\ 4.% e • e • e • e • 
Ns, ,,•s 
"P' 
t>- • 
c*, 
• • 4k-1/4 • 41-1/4 • e e • 41/4 • 4\ s ,-1/4
_
t
< 
• 
NO
It) 
`..,§\ 
-1) 
.1) 
Nt 
*I) 
s. 
CZ "‘" 
si> 
EFTA00592806
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-2 Filed 04/21/16 Page 5 of 7 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
17TH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR 
f3ROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, and 
PAUL G. CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs. 
v. 
ALAN DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO. CACE 15-000072 
AMENDED RE-NOTICE OF SPECIAL SET HEARING 
(1 hour ) 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that the following hearing is being rescheduled before 
the Honorable Thomas Lynch, IV, Circuit Court Judge, Seventeenth Judicial Circuit Court, 
Broward County Courthouse, 201 S.E. 6'h Street. Room 950, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301, to 
Thursday, May 12, 2016 beginning at 1:30 p.m., and will address the following matters: 
1) Non-Party Virginia Roberts' Motion to Strike And For Sanctions; 
2) Non-Party Virginia Giuffre's Supplemental Motion to Strike and For 
Sanctions 
3) Defendant Alan Dershowitz's Motion in 'Amine to Overrule Objections 
4) Defendant Alan Dershow•itz.'s Motion to Strike Motion of Non-Party Virginia 
Roberts' Motion for Sanctions 
NOTICE TO DISABLED PERSONS 
If you are a person with a disability who needs any accommodation in order to participate in this proceeding. you arc 
entitled, at no cost to you, to the provision of certain assistance. Please contact the Seventeenth Judicial Circuit's 
ADA Coordinator at 201 S.E. Sixth Street. Fort Lauderdalz, FL 33301, telephone number (954) 831-7721, within 
two (2) working days of receipt of this document. TDD users may also call 1-800-955-8771 for the Florida Relay 
Service. 
EFTA00592807
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-2 Filed 04/21/16 Page 6 of 7 
Dated: March 30, 2016 
Respectfully submitted, 
Bows, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP 
Sigrid S. McCawley, Esq. 
~ntiiaWtle) rz 
cow 
Florida Bar No. 129305 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone: (954) 356-0011 
Facsimile: (954) 356-0022 
ItI..ci _rrhsillit.coin 
Byils/Sigyid S. McCawley 
Sigrid S. McCawley, Esq. 
Attorney for Non-Parry Virginia Giuffre 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served by 
Electronic Mail on March 30, 2016 to the individuals identified on the attached Service List. 
By: /s/Sigrid S. McCawley 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
EFTA00592808
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 117-2 Filed 04/21/16 Page 7 of 
,G 
,. 
:St 
>` 
:. 
.: 
- 
A 
cks‘ > 
A 
<‘ s- 
A 
<‘N'> 
A 
Ne  
O A NeSN 
O A 0 
Ne 
Ne  
'se
aO 
aO 
aO 
- ' 
• 
i  IASI 
AV *1 
• 
• 
4` 
_act 
$S 
le - 
XS( 
i .( 
• 
*N
..,-. 
*. 
a 
a 
*. ' 
# 
%..- 
ap
_,Thomas E. Sett& 
41/4 
e 
Thomas.scotfircsklegal.cont:> 
4, 
Steven
frit, 
',z>-- 
...k
Sitoyoti.$alragzsilaom A.` -- 
• 
CS 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A:. 
•ctiz--
9150 S. Dadeland Blvd., Suite 1400 O<8 '
Miami, Florida 33156 
.- 
Rence.nail(ccesittegal.com 
A
S'hellv.7aml 
cskleeal.com 
*.S.
4:1- 
C.) tz?-Coeinseij:»- A km Dershowitz4:\  
$.<-, 
cc 
. 
-..itz- 
S.,
Charles H. Lichtman, Esq. 
aN0
%-..N 
BERGER SINGERMAN LLP 
350 E. Las Olas Blvd. 
Suite 1000 
1/4 
_,c 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Tel: (954) 525-9900 c. 
41/4 ,‘, 
,. 
Fax: (954)523-2872'N 
,..S'' ,$'
...r ' 
EmaiWgithtman:a blbStingennan. 
•.,-s\  
xcN 
%-' 
Counsel for Alan Dershowit: 
-4\ 
Kenneth A. Sweder, Esq.N\zN..'
SWEDER & ROSS, Tztf 
131 Oliver Street 
.> 
Boston, MA 0'110 
Tel: (617) 646-446% 
Email: 
 kswedea Siveder-ross.ect 
<s* 
Counsel for Alan Dershowitz 
* 
N>S) 
1/4
* 
e~'O~
O4‘.\ 
• 
a •
• 
app 
V 
Richard A. Si 
rsim son 
< Sc, 
aO 
ao 
der % 
aeik 
WILEY REIN, 
1776 K Street NW 
Washington, D.C. 20006 c,O.
Counsel for Alan Dershowitz 
Bruce S. Rogow, Esq. 
BRUCE S. ROGOW, P.A. 
100 NE 3rd Avenue. Suite 1000 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Tel: (954) 767-8909 
Fax: (954) 7(1.-153( .... 
4' 
Email: tiew(a*olazirt5. ?n 
O 
A
eN
.res.  
son 
\ 
rein.com
-• O
",t 
• 
Jack Scarola 
SEARCY DENNEY 5CARRIA BARNHA& 
& SHIPLEY, P.A. 
- 
i,searo. lax\ coni - • 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
se 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409-66th 
Attorney for Planta* 
C\'' 
<:;" 
Q\p<is* 
S
N .S4  
CS* 
• Se  
CS
••.
( \Pe
wwO
41/4
, 
aO
a 
<k-1/4
wwO 
$ 
s. 
43,< 
Vag 
t\
COQ
OQA
wwO 
-a
O 
OQA
O 
~O$
0\4
O 
e&A
aNt
• 
OQA
O 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
EFTA00592809

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592810.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592810.pdf
----------------------------------------
GAGOSIAN GALLERY, INC. 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10075 
Black Family 1997 Trust 
New York, New York 10019 
January 4, 2013 
INVOICE 
Artist: 
Pablo Picasso 
Title: 
Mateu Ferniindez de Soto 
Medium: 
Oil on canvas 
Size: 
1/8 x 15 in. (46 x 38 cm) 
Date: 
1901 
Purchase Price: 
$48,000,000.00 
LESS: 
$46,000,000.00 
Trade-In Credit for: 
Artist: 
Mark Rothko 
Title: 
Untitled 
Medium: 
Oil on canvas 
Size: 
1/8 x 80 1/8 inches 
Date: 
Signed and dated 1961 on reverse 
Balance: 
$2,000,000.00 
PLUS: NY Sales Tax 8.875% 
$177,500.00 
PLUS: Exchange Fee 
$0 
BALANCE due to Gagosian Gallery, Inc.: 
$2,177,500.00 
For delivery by common carrier to: 
New York, New York 10021 
Loan Repayment: 
The transfer of Pablo Picasso, Mateu Fernandez de Soto shall serve as full satisfaction of Gagosian 
Gallery, Inc.'s obligations under the July 10, 2012 Promissory Note. 
document number: NY23823/0001-US-153200611 
EFTA00592810

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592811.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592811.pdf
----------------------------------------
BILLING ADDRESS 
Joscha and Mira Bach 
Cambridge MA 02139 
GERMAN 
INTERNATIONAL 
SCHOOL I Boston 
INVOICE 
SCHOOL YEAR: 2016-2017 
Boston, MA 02134 
Fed. Tax ID 
Invoice Date: 
Invoice Number: 
Mar 2016 
1564 
Date 
Description 
Pre-tax 
Tax 
Amount (USD) 
Student: 
Mar 2016 
Grade 1 
18,450.00 
18,450.00 
Mar 2016 
Enrollment Deposit 
-800.00 
-800.00 
Mar 2016 
Tuition Assistance 
-9,225.00 
-9,225.00 
Student: 
Mar 2016 
Preschool 
18,450.00 
18,450.00 
Mar 2016 
Enrollment Deposit 
-800.00 
-800.00 
Mar 2016 
Tuition Assistance 
-9,225.00 
-9,225.00 
INVOICE TOTAL (USD) DUE 
16,850.00 
LESS PAYMENTS AND CREDITS 
0.00 
AMOUNT DUE 
16,850.00 
German International School Boston 
 Boston. MA 02I3-1 Federal Tax la 
Tel: 
Fax: 
www.gishos.org 
EFTA00592811

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592812.pdf
----------------------------------------
Presented By: 
• 
• 
CUTTINIGEDGE 
Y 
S 
T 
E 
M 
✓✓ELL DONE 
Cutting-Edge Systems, Inc 
Woodhaven, NY 11421. 
swap projector and re-program Crestron 
Epstein 
east 71st street 
New York New York 10021-4102 
Created: 5/7/2012 
Modified: 5/7/2012 
Qty 
Description 
Price 
Media Room 
Client Owned 5 channel 
200 WATTS 5 channel power amplifier 
Client Owned Apple TV 
Apple TV wit online streaming 
Client Owned AV Receiver 
5.1 or 7.1-channel home theater receiver 
Client Owned CP2E 
CP2E control system 
Client Owned Crestron ST-1700C 
1-way rf. compact (5.r) screen color touchpanel. black case 
Client Owned Grafix eye 
4-6 zone lighting system with IR control 
Client Owned HD DVR 
High definition digital video recorder 
Client Owned Shades 
Window shades 
Digital Projection M-Vision Cine 400 (111.148) 
12,995.00 
M-Vision Cine Native 1080P. 500 lumens; 2000:1 contrast ratio; 1.56 
- 1.86 lens 
Chief Manufacturing RPMUBK 
229.00 
Universal ceiling mount for projector 
CES 1"-2" Flange 
30.00 
Flange for projector mount installation 
Cutting-Edge Systems, Inc 
Page: 1 of 3 
EFTA00592812
--- PAGE 2 ---
Proposal 
Oty 
Description 
Price 
Project Subtotal: 
S13,254.00 
Cutting•Edge Systems, Inc 
Page: 2 of 3 
EFTA00592813
--- PAGE 3 ---
 Pro 
Project Summary 
Equipment: 
$13,254.00 
Install Labor: 
$8,720.00 
Sales Tax: 
$1,176.29 
Labor Sales Tax: 
$773.90 
Grand Total: 
$23,924.19 
DATE: 
Owner: 
DATE: 
Contractor: Cutting•Edge Systems, Inc 
Cutting•Edge Systems, Inc 
Page: 3 of 3 
EFTA00592814

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592815.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592815.pdf
----------------------------------------
P.O. Box 15204 
Wilmington. DE ICKSO 
U. S. TRUST'! 
0,-.11.N IrrICIrm.:Ic 
snot, le.r.lev , :t 
Client service information 
0/) 
1.800.U.S.TRUST (1. 
lIII III'll'l 
u 
AJ 
487 271 877 014795 0801 SP 0.500 
TDD/TTY users only: 
APO 1 GRAT NO 2 
En Espanol: 
LEON 0 BLACK. TRUSTEE 
C/O Fl YSIIIM MANA6FM  NT 
k 
bankofamerica.com 
NEWYORK, NY 10019 
Bank of America, NA. 
Your Regular Checking 
for December 1. 2015 to December 31. 2015 
APO 1 GRAT NO 2 
LEON D BLACK. TRUSTEE 
Account summary 
Beginning balance on December 1.2015 
$15.553.00 
Deposits and other additions 
2.076.069.00 
Withdrawals and other subtractions 
-2,091.622.00 
Checks 
-0.00 
Service fees 
-0.00 
Ending balance on December 31, 2015 
50.00 
Tampa,
l22-5118 
Account number: 
Important disclosure information listed on the *Important Information for Bank Deposit Accounts' page. 
P01L: E CYCLE' 14 SPEC: 0 0EMBY: P MC: MACE' A BC NY 
Page 1 of 4 
EFTA00592815
--- PAGE 2 ---
APO 1 GRAT NO 2 I Account e 
December 1.2015 to December 31.201$ 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION: 
BANK DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS 
Updating your contact information - We encourage you to keep your contact information up-to-date. This includes address, email 
and phone number. If your information has changed, the easiest way to update it is by visiting the Help & Support tab of Online 
Banking. Or, you can call our Customer Service team. 
Deposit agreement - When you opened your account, you received a deposit agreement and fee schedule and agreed that your 
account would be governed by the terms of these documents, as we may amend them from time to time. These documents are 
part of the contract for your deposit account and govern all transactions relating to your account, including all deposits and 
withdrawals. Copies of both the deposit agreement and fee schedule which contain the current version of the terms and 
conditions of your account relationship may be obtained at our banking centers. 
Electronic transfers In case of errors or questions about your electronic transfers- If you think your statement or receipt is 
wrong or you need more information about an electronic transfer (e.g.. ATM transactions, direct deposits or withdrawals. 
point-of-sale transactions) on the statement or receipt, telephone or write us at the address and number listed on the front of 
this statement as soon as you can. We must hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent you the FIRST statement on 
which the error or problem appeared. 
- 
Tell us your name and account number. 
- 
Describe the error or transfer you are unsure about. and explain as clearly as you can why you believe there is an error or 
why you need more information. 
- 
Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error. 
For consumer accounts used primarily for personal, family or household purposes, we will investigate your complaint and will 
correct any error promptly. If we take more than 10 business days (10 calendar days If you are a Massachusetts client) (20 
business days if you are a new client, for electronic transfers occurring during the first 30 days after the first deposit is made to 
your account) to do this. we will credit your account for the amount you think is in error. so that you will have use of the money 
during the time it will take to complete our investigation. 
For other accounts, we investigate, and if we find we have made an error, we credit your account at the conclusion of our 
investigation. 
Reporting other problems - You must examine your statement carefully and promptly. You are in the best position to discover 
errors and unauthorized transactions on your account If you fail to notify us in writing of suspected problems or an 
unauthorized transaction within the time period specified in the deposit agreement (which periods are no more than 60 days 
after we make the statement available to you and in some cases are 30 days or less). we are not liable to you for, and you agree 
to not make a claim against us for the problems or unauthorized transactions. 
Divan cleptisits - If you have arranged to have direct deposits made to your account at least once every 60 days from the same 
person or company, you may call us at the telephone number listed on the front of this statement to find out if the deposit was 
made as scheduled. You may also review your activity online or visit a banking center for information. 
Banking products are provided by Bank of America, NA, and affiliated banks. Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of 
Bank of America Corporation. 
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through Bank of America. N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank 
of America Corporation. 
it 2015 Bank of America Corporation 
Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC and 
Equal Housing Lender 
Page 2 of 4 
EFTA00592816
--- PAGE 3 ---
U.S. TRUST
hYY£ 
Wc4,1 L'A's[ 
-k 
APO 1 DRAT NO 2 I Account # 
Deposits and other additions 
Date 
Description 
12/02/15 
WIRE TYPE BOOK IN DATE:151202 TIME:I535 ET TRN:2015120200309929 SNDR 
REF:T520151202030013 ORIG:BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS. L. ID:000001200135 PMT DET:BFP 
DISTRIBUTION 
I December 1. 2015 to December 31.2015 
Your checking account IV 
Amount 
2.076.069.00 
Total deposits and other additions 
$2,076,069.00 
Withdrawals and other subtractions 
Date 
Description 
Amount 
12/03/15 
_ WIRE TYPE:BOOKOUT DATE:151203 TIME:1048 ET TRN:2015120300209906 RELATED 
-16373.00 
REF:TS20151203104745 BNF:MERRILL LYNCH ID:6550113516 PMT DET:REF0280411 8. 
2804487.2804693. 2804916 /ACUEmpire Valuation Consultants //LLC acct#810-07024 
12/03/15 
WIRE TYPE:800K OUT DATE:151203 TIME:1124 ET TRN:2015120300223629 RELATED 
-2.075.249.00 
REF:TS20151203105441 BNF:LEON D BLACK ID 483060826469 PM DET:ANNUITY 
Total withdrawals and other subtractions 
-$2,091,622.00 
To help you BALANCE YOUR CHECKING ACCOUNT, visit bankofamerIcacom/staternentbalance or the Statements and Documents tab 
in Online Banking for a printable version of the How to Balance Your Account Worksheet. 
Page 3 of 4 
EFTA00592817
--- PAGE 4 ---
APO 1 GOAT NO 2 I Account • 
I December 1. 2015 to December 31, 2015 
This page intentionally left blank 
Page 4 of 4 
EFTA00592818

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592819.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592819.pdf
----------------------------------------
Indirizzo fattura 
Pilies 20-5 
01123 Vilnius 
Fattura 
Cliente No. 
Descrizione 
152100276 
115981 
conservatorio 
kucke unibetsborio di musica 
Tassa amministrativa 
Quota annuale 2015 - 2016 Formazione continua 
Condizioni Pagamento 
Relazione bancaria 
svizzera italiana 
bedanchut. I Anne «nie da ra, 
Indirizzo di spedizione 
Gentile
I'aleS 
LT-01123 Vilnius 
Lugano, 10.07.15 
Ns/ Rifenmento 
AMM 
Totale IVA Esclusa 
IVA 
Totale IVA Incl. 
30B netto 
BSCT Bellinzona - Conto No. / IBAN: CH70007643727664C001C 
Scuola Universitaria di Musica, via Soklino 9, CH-6900 Lugano, tel/fax +41 91 960 30 40, 
'.intafangsschein/ Récépissé / Ricevuta  ! Einzahlung Giro 
tanca dello Stato del Cantone Ticino 
501 Bellinzona 
Consenateviola. Svizzera 
Italiana, Lugano 
HF 
1353-4 
Banca dello Stato del Cantone Ticino 
6501 Bellinzona 
Consentatonen. Svizzera 
Italiana, Lugano 
01-1353-4 
CHF 
2 0 0 
1)-1 
r
----
4- 2- 0- 17—
IC 01280 00000 00000 15210 02768 
uskelyte Justina 
>dies 20-5 
)1123 Vilnius 
Versement Virement 
SUPSI 
IVA 
Importo 
CHF 
CHF 
500.00 
Y700.00 
4200.00 
0.00 
4'200.00 
Versamento Girata 
Reut 
;Crn
Das de conexeneons 
Non beividece cmnwaren. 
01280 00000 00000 15210 02768 
I 
Eebeate en /vere par /Veno da 
Pilies 20-5 
01123 Vilnius 
609 
L_ 
0100004200008>100128000000000001 521002768+ 010013534> 
s 
De Antennestele 
L'office de ade 
l'udoo diccendziode 
EFTA00592819
--- PAGE 2 ---
conservatorio 
svizzera italiana 
Sl I P 
ffi
fin 
" 
Pilies 20-5 
01123 Vilnius 
Lugano, 07.07.2015 _FF 
Oggetto: Esito esame di ammissione 
Gentile Signor 
con la presente siamo lieti di confermarle l'ammissione al Conservatorio liSvizzera Italiana per 
il corso di formazione continua 'interpretazione e performance" nella classe 
l M° Pavel Berman. 
In allegato troverà la fattura relativa all'intero anno accademico. Una volta saldato l'importo, 
l'iscrizione sarà confermata. 
Gli studenti di nazionalità straniera, non domiciliati in Svizzera, che intendono soggiornare in 
Svizzera durante il corso di studi, sono tenuti a fare richiesta del Permesso di Dimora a scopo di 
Studio all'Ufficio Regionale degli Stranieri. Per informazioni, la preghiamo di rivolgersi alla 
Segreteria Didattica. 
Rimanendo a sua disposizione per eventuali chiarimenti, cogliamo l'occasione per porgerle i nostri 
più cordiali saluti. 
CONSERVATORIO-dgå 
SVIZZERA-ITALIANA 
o Favoroso 
Responsabile Segreteria Didattica 
EFTA00592820

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592821.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592821.pdf
----------------------------------------
FINAL 
Patient Information 
Epstein,Jeffrey 
SSN: 
DOB: 01/20/1953 
Patient Id: 
Phone: 
Specimen # 
11383160F 
b a 
137115 
iel 
Brook 
link 1120.5 
Eat 
Medical Director 
Patricia R Romano M I) 
l at.... IP tints:,  
t: 
Account Information 
City MD 
New York, NY 10028 
Mazer,Gary 
Dwetaikcird 
10/09/2011 
09:53PM 
Datclicrehed 
10/09/2011 
DMcRquwted
10/12/2011 
Scx 
M 
Age
Chemistry 
TESTS 
RESULTS 
REFERENCE VALUES 
Cr i-• 
Glucose 
H 111 
- 99 
mg/dL 
Criteria for the diagnosis of diabetes: 
[Fasting Glucose] 
<100 mg/dL: Normal fasting glucose 
100-125 mg/dL: Impaired fasting glucose 
>125 mg/dL: Indicative of diabetes 
Ref: Diabetes Care 29:543-548, 2006 
Urea Nitrogen 
- 25 
mg/dL 
Creatinine 
H 1.55 
0.5 - 1.3 
mg/die 
EGFR 
L 46 
>60 -
For African-Americans, multiply EGFR result x 1.2 
BUN/Creat Ratio 
14.8 
5.3 - 50.0 
Sodium 
140 
135 - 146 
mEq/L 
Potassium 
4.1 
3.5 - 5.5 
mmol/L 
Chloride 
103 
- 110 
mEq/L 
Carbon Dioxide 
- 33 
mEq/L 
Calcium 
9.5 
8.6 - 10.4 
mg/c1L 
Protein, Total 
7.1 
6.2 - 8.3 
g/dL 
Albumin 
4.5 
3.6 - 5.3 
g/dL 
Globulin 
2.6 
2.1 
3.7 
g/dL 
A/G Ratio 
1.7 
Ratio 
Alkaline Phosphatase 
- 115 
IU/L 
AST (SOOT) 
- 40 
IU/L 
ALT (SGPT) 
- 60 
IU/L 
Bilirubin, Total 
0.6 
0.2 - 1.2 
mg/dL 
Hematology 
White Blood Count 
7.4 
4.0 - 11.0 
xl0A3/uL 
Red Blood Count 
4.82 
4.2 - 6.0 
xl0A6/uL 
Continued on Next Page 
Page 1 of 3 
EFTA00592821
--- PAGE 2 ---
Patient Information 
Epstein.Jeffrey 
SSN: 
DOB: 01/20/1953 
Patient Id: 
Phone: 
SN.cmwilz
171383160F 
I ab 
137115 
irsTs 
#41,1 let 
Brit 
11205 
Medical Director 
Patricia R Romano. NI I) 
/ 
A 4 
FINAL 
ACC011 nt Information 
City MD 
New York. NY 10028 
Mazer.Gary 
DwelAketed 
Dale Itecri% et] 
I 
Date Reported 
10/09/2011 
I 
09:53PM 
ommo 
1 
10/12/2011 
Sex 
M 
Ate 
RESULTS 
REFERENCE VALUES 
Hemoglobin 
14.4 
12.5 - 16.1 
g/dL 
Hematocrit 
40.8 
MCV 
102 
fL 
MCH 
29.9 
- 31 
pg 
MCHC 
35.3 
- 37 
g/dL 
Neutrophilst 
53.8 
- 70 
* 
Lymphocytes* 
33.2 
- 40 
Monocytes% 
7.5 
- 10 
* 
Eosinophils% 
H 4.8 
- 4 
% 
Basophilst 
0.6 
- 1 
% 
Neutrophils, Abs 
4.0 
1.6 - 7.8 
x10"3/uL 
Lymphocytes, Abs 
2.5 
1.0 - 4.5 
x10"3/uL 
Monocytes, Abs 
0.6 
<1.0 
x10"3/uL 
Eosinophils, Absolute 
0.4 
<0.7 
x10"3/uL 
Basophils, Abs. 
0.1 
<0.3 
x10"3/uL 
RDW-CV 
13.5 
- 16 
Platelets 
333 
150 - 450 
x10"3/uL 
'eV 
L 7.7 
8.0 - 13 
fL 
ESR-Westergren 
- 20 
mm/hr 
Special Chemistry 
Calcium, Ionized 
5.2 
<8 months: No Reference Range Established 
months-10 years: 4.9-5.4 mg/dL 
11-17 years: 4.8-5.3 mg/dL 
Endocrinology 
Thyroxine [T41 
9.0 
4.5 - 10.9 
ug/dL 
T3-Uptake 
33.1 
22.5 - 37.0 
TSH 3rd Generation 
2.18 
0.545 - 4.784 
uIU/mL 
T3, Total 
102 
- 181 
ng/dL 
4.8 - 5.6 
mg/dL 
Continued on Next Page 
Page 2 of 3 
EFTA00592822
--- PAGE 3 ---
Patient Information 
Epstein,Jeffrey 
SSN: 
008: 01/20/1953 
Patient a 
Phone: 
Specimen a 
T1383160F 
labW 
137115 
iel 
coo vn.. 'ex brk 11205 
Fax 
Medical Direcier 
R Romano. M 
/tune ix 41 
FINAL 
Account Information 
City MD 
New York, NY 10028 
Mazer.Gary 
Dace Collected 
Date Retch ed 
Date Reported 
10/09/2011 
09:53PM 
10/09/2011 
10/12/2011 
Sex 
M 
Ate 
TESTS 
RESULTS 
REFERENCE VALUES 
T4, Free 
PTH-/ntact 
*Performed By Nichols Institute 
1.32 
H 107 
0.8 - 1.8 
- 72 
ng/dL 
pg/aL 
End of Final Report 
Page 3 of 3 
EFTA00592823

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592824.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592824.pdf
----------------------------------------
OMB Approval: 1205.0310 
Expiation Date:01/31/2012 
Labor Condition Application for Nonimmigrant Workers 
ETA Form 9035 & 9035E 
U.S. Department of Labor 
Electronic Filing of Labor Condition Applications 
For The H-1B Nonimmigrant Visa Program 
This Department of Labor. Employment and Training Administration (ETA). electronic filing system enables an employer to file a Labor 
Condition Application (LCA) and obtain certification of the LCA. This Form must be submitted by the employer or by someone authorized to 
act on behalf of the employer. 
A) I understand and agree that. upon my receipt of ETA's certification of the LCA by electronic response to my submission. I must take the 
following actions at the specified times and circumstances: 
• 
print and sign a hardcopy of the electronically filed and certified LCA: 
• 
maintain a signed hardcopy of this LCA in my public access files: 
• 
submit a signed hardcopy of the LCA to the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) in support of the 1.129. on the 
date of submission of the 1.129: 
• 
provide a signed hardcopy of this LCA to each H-1B nonimmigrant who is employed pursuant to the LCA. 
g Yes O No 
B) I understand and agree that, by filing the LCA electronically. I attest that all of the statements in the LCA are true and accurate and that I 
am undertaking all the obligations that are set out in the LCA (Form ETA 9035E) and the accompanying instructions (Form ETA 9035CP). 
S Yes O No 
C) I hereby choose one of the following options. with regard to the accompanying instructions: 
K I choose to have the Form ETA 9035CP electronically attached to the certified LCA. and to be bound by the LCA obligations as 
explained in this form 
d I choose not to have the Form ETA 9035CP electronically attached to the certified LCA. but I have read the instructions and I understand 
that I am bound by the LCA obligations as explained in this form 
LTA Form 9035/9035E Attestation 
FOR DEPARTMENT OF LABOR USE ONLY 
Page I of I 
Case Number: 
I.200.112T7-706064 
Case Status: 
CERTIFIED 
Period of Employment:  
10/15t2Dll 
 to  
1CF14/2010 
EFTA00592824
--- PAGE 2 ---
OMB Approval: 1205-0310 
Expiation Date:0f/3M0f 2 
Labor Condition Application for Nonimmigrant Workers 
ETA Form 9035 & 9035E 
U.S. Department of Labor 
Please read and review the filing instructions carefully before completing the ETA Form 9035 or 9035E. A copy of the instructions can 
be found at http:Mvww.foreiqnlaborcert.doleta.qovi. In accordance with Federal Regulations at 20 CFR 655.730(6), incomplete or 
obviously inaccurate Labor Condition Applications (LCAs) will not be certified by the Department of Labor. If the employer has 
received permission from the Administrator of the Office of Foreign Labor Certification to submit this form non-electronically. ALL 
required fields/items containing an asterisk ( ) must be completed as well as any lieldsatems where a response is conditional as 
indicated by the section ( § ) symbol. 
A. Employment-Based Nonimmigrant Visa Information 
1. Indicate the type of visa classification supported by this application (Write classification symbol): 
H-1B 
B. Temporary Need Information 
1. Job Title • INTERIOR DESIGNER 
2. SOC (ONET/OES) code' 
27-1025 
3. SOC (ONET/OES) occupation title * 
INTERIOR DESIGNERS 
4. Is this a full-time position?' 
el Yes 
K No 
Period of Intended Employment 
5. Begin Date • 10/15/2011 
frowthein9 
6. End Date' 10/14/2014 
(mr/Vd&Yrill 
7. Worker positions needed/basis for the visa classification supported by this application 
Total Worker Positions Being Requested for Certification • 
Basis for he visa classification supported by this application 
(indicate the total workers in each applicable category based on the total workers identified above) 
a. New employment 
b. Continuation of previously approved employment • 
without change with the same employer 
c. Change in previously approved employment' 
d. New concurrent employment' 
e. Change in employer * 
f. Amended petition' 
C. Employer Information 
1. Legal business name' 
2. Trade name/Doing Business As (DBA), If applicable SLK DESIGNS 
ETA Form 9035/9035E 
Case Number: 
1.20041277-705054 
FOR DEPARTMENT OP LABOR USE ONLY 
Page I of 5 
Case Status: 
CERTFED 
 Period of Employment:  
10/112011 
 to  
1M412014 
EFTA00592825
--- PAGE 3 ---
OMB Approval: 1205-O310 
Expiation Date: 01/3112012 
Labor Condition Application for Nonimmigrant Workers 
ETA Form 9035 & 9035E 
U.S. Department of Labor 
D. Employer Point of Contact Information 
Important Note: The information contained in this Section must be that of an employee of the employer who is authorized to act on behalf of 
the employer in labor certification matters. The information in this Section must bit different from the agent or attorney information listed in 
Section E. unless the attorney is an employee of the employer. 
E. Attorney or Agent Information (If applicable) 
17. State Bar number (only if attorney) § 
N/A 
18. State of highest court where attorney is in good 
standing (only if attorney) § 
NEW YORK 
19. Name of the highest court where attorney is in good standing (only if attorney) § 
COURT OF APPEALS 
ETA Form 9l335/9035E 
FOR DEPARTMENT OF LABOR USE ONLY 
Page 2 of 5 
Case Number: 
1.2°" 12774°5°54 
 Case Status:  
CERTIFIED 
 Period of Employment:  
10/112011 
 to  
10114/2014 
EFTA00592826
--- PAGE 4 ---
OMB Approval: 1205-0310 
Expiation Date: 01/31/2012 
Labor Condition Application for Nonimmigrant Workers 
ETA Form 9035 & 9035E 
U.S. Department of Labor 
F. Rate of Pay 
1. Wage Rate (Required) 
From: $ 
To: $ 
43009.00 
* 
N/A 
2. Per: (Choose only one) * 
O Hour 
O Week 
O Bi-Weekly 
O Month 
Er Year 
G. Employment and Prevailing Wage Information 
Important Note: It is Important for the employer to define the place of intended employment with as much geographic specificity as possible 
The place of employment address listed below must be a physical location and cannot be a P.O. Box. The employer may use this section 
to identify up to three (3) physical locations and corresponding prevailing wages covering each location where work will be performed and 
the electronic system will accept up to 3 physical locations and prevailing wage information. II the employer has received approval from the 
Department of Labor to submit this form non-electronically and the work is expected to be performed in more than one location, an 
attachment must be submitted in order to complete this section. 
a. Place of Employment 1 
1. Address 1 • 
301 E 66TH STREET 14G 
2. Address 2 
N/A 
3. City' 
NEW YORK 
5. State/District/Territory • 
NEW YORK 
4. County * 
NEW YORK 
6. Postal code' 
10065 
Prevailing Wage Information (corresponding to the place of employment location listed above) 
7. Agency which issued prevailing wage § 
N/A 
7a. Prevailing wage tracking number (if applicable) § 
N/A 
8. Wage level ' 
g i 
O ii 
O in 
O iv 
O N/A 
9. Prevailing wage ' 
$ 
42765.00 
10. Per: (Choose only one) * 
O Hour 
O Week 
O Bi-Weekly 
O Month S' Year 
11. Prevailing wage source (Choose only one) * 
&f OES 
O 
CBA 
O 
DBA 
O 
SCA 
O 
Other 
11a. Year source published' 
2011 
11b. If "OES", 
-.1SWA/NPC did not issue prevailing wage OR "Other in question 11, 
specify source § 
OFLC ONLINE DATA CENTER 
H. Employer Labor Condition Statements 
Important Note: In order for your application to be processed. you MUST read Section H of the Labor Condition Application — General 
Instructions Form ETA 9035CP under the heading 'Employer Labor Condition Statements' and agree to all four (4) labor condition statements 
summarized below: 
(1) Wages: Pay nonimmigrants at least the local prevailing wage or the employer's actual wage, whichever is higher, and pay for non. 
productive time. Offer nonimmigrants benefits on the same basis as offered to U.S. workers. 
(2) Working Conditions: Provide working conditions for nonimmigrants which will not adversely affect the working conditions of 
workers similarly employed. 
(3) Strike, Lockout, or Work Stoppage: There is no strike, lockout, or work stoppage in the named occupation at the place of 
employment. 
(4) Notice: Notice to union or to workers has been or will be provided in the named occupation at the place of employment. A copy of 
this form will be provided to each nonimmigrant worker employed pursuant to the application. 
1. I have read and agree to Labor Contrition Statements 1. 2, 3, and 4 above and as fully explained in Section H 
of the Labor Condition Application — General Instructions - Form ETA 9035CP. ' 
et Yes 
O No 
ETA Form 9035/9035E 
FOR DEPARTMENT OF LABOR USE ONLY 
Page 3 of 5 
Case Number: 
4200-11277-706064 
 Case Status:  
CERTIFIED 
 Period of Employment:  
tatlal2011 
 to  
10/1412014
EFTA00592827
--- PAGE 5 ---
OMB Approval: 1205.0310 
Expiaton Dati 01,311012 
Labor Condition Application for Nonimmigrant Workers 
ETA Form 9035 & 9035E 
U.S. Department of Labor 
I. Additional Employer Labor Condition Statements — H-1B Employers ONLY 
Important Note: in order for your H-1B application to be processed, you MUST read Section I - Subsection 1 of the Labor Condition 
Application - General Instructions Form ETA 9035CP under the heading "Additional Employer Labor Condition Statements" and answer the 
questions below. 
a. Subsection 1 
1. Is the employer 141B dependent? § 
O Yes 
eirNo 
2. Is the employer a willful violator? § 
O Yes 
119No 
3. If "Yes" is marked in questions 1.1 and/or 1.2, you must answer "Yes" or "No" regarding whether the 
employer will use this application ONLY to support H-1B petitions or extensions of status for exempt 141B 
O Yes 
O No E! N/A 
nonimmigrants? § 
II you marked "Yes" to questions 1.1 and/or 1.2 and "No" to question 1.3, you MUST read Section I - Subsection 2 of the Labor 
Condition Application - Genera! Instructions Form ETA 9035CP under the heading "Additional Employer Labor Condition 
Statements" and indicate your agreement to all three (3) additional statements summarized below. 
b. Subsection 2 
A. 
Displacement: Non4splacement of the U.S. workers in the employer's workforce 
B. 
Secondary Displacement: Non-displacement of U.S. workers in another employer's workforce: and 
C. 
Recruitment and Hiring: Recruitment of U.S. workers and hiring of U.S. workers applicant(s) who are equally or better qualified 
than the H-1B nonimmigrant(s). 
4. I have read and ears& to Additional Employer Labor Condition Statements A. B. and C above and as fully 
explained in Section 1- Subsections 1 and 2 of the Labor Condition Application — General Instructions Form ETA 
9035CP. § 
WYes 
O No 
J. Public Disclosure information 
!Important Note: You must select from the options listed in this Section. 
1. Public disclosure information will be kept at: • 
el Employer's principal place of business 
O Place of employment 
K. Declaration of Employer 
By signing this form. I. on behalf of the employer, attest that the information and labor condition statements provided are true and accurate; 
that 1 have read sections H and l of the Labor Condition Application - General instructions Form ETA 9035CP. and that !agree to comply with 
the Labor Condition Statements as set forth in the Labor Condition Application - General Instructions Form ETA 9035CP and with the 
Department of Labor regulations (20 CFR part 655, Subparts H and 1). I agree to make this application, supporting documentation. and other 
records available to officials of the Department of Labor upon request during any investigation under the Immigration and Nationality Act. 
Making fraudulent representations on this Form can lead to civil or criminal action under 18 U.S.C. 1001, 18 U.S.C. 1546. or other provisions 
of law. 
1. Last (family) name of hiring or designated official 
2. First (given) name of hiring or designated official' 3. Middle initial' 
N/A 
4. Hiring or designated official title * 
Owner 
5. Signature' 
6. Date signed' 
ETA Form 9035/9035E 
FOR DEPARTMENT OF LABOR USE ONLY 
Page 4 of 5 
Case Number: 
I'200'11277'705054
Case Status:  
CERTIFIED 
 Period of Employment:  ICI 612011 
 to  
10/1412014
EFTA00592828
--- PAGE 6 ---
OMB Approval: 1205-0310 
En:cation Date: 01/31/2012 
Labor Condition Application for Nonimmigrant Workers 
ETA Form 9035 & 9035E 
U.S. Department of Labor 
L. LCA Preparer 
Important Note: Complete this section if the preparer of this LCA is a person other than the one identified in either Section D (employer point 
of contact) or E (attorney or agent) of this application. 
1. Last (family) name § 
N/A 
2. First (given) name 5 
N/A 
3. Middle initial 5 
N/A 
4. Firm/Business name § 
N/A 
5. E-Mail address § N/A 
M. U.S. Government Agency Use (ONLY) 
By virtue of the signature below, the Department of Labor hereby acknowledges the following: 
This certification is valid from  
10/15/2011
to 
10/14/2014 
10/11/2011 
Depa men
, 
ice of Foreign Labor Certification 
Determination Date (date signed) 
1-200-11277-705054 
CERTIFIED 
Case number 
Case Status 
The Department of Labor is not the guarantor of the accuracy, truthfulness, or adequacy of a certified LCA. 
N. Signature Notification and Complaints 
The signatures and dates signed on this form will not be filled out when electronically submitting to the Department of Labor for processing. 
but MUST be complete when submitting non-electronically. If the application is submitted electronically, any resulting certification MUST be 
signed immediately upon receipt from the Department of Labor before it can be submitted to USCIS for further processing. 
Complaints alleging misrepresentation of material facts in the LCA andror failure to comply with the terms of the LCA may be filed using the 
WH-4 Form with any office of the Wage and Hour Division. Employment Standards Administration, U.S. Department of Labor. A listing of the 
Wage and Hour Division offices can be obtained at http:/Avww.dolgoviesa. Complaints alleging failure to offer employment to an equally or 
better qualified U.S. worker, or an employer's misrepresentation regarding such offer(s) of employment. may be filed with the U.S. Department 
of Justice, Office of the Special Counsel for Immigration•Related Unfair Employment Practices. 950 PemsyNania Avenue, NW. Washington. 
DC. 20530. Please note that complaints should be filed with the Office of Special Counsel at the Department of Justice only if the violation is 
by an employer who is H-1B dependent or a willful violator as defined in 20 CFR 655.710(b) and 655.734(a)(1)ffi). 
O. OMB Paperwork Reduction Act (1205-0310) 
These reporting instructions have been approved under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995. Persons are not required to respond to this 
collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number. Obligations to reply are mandatory (Immigration and 
Nationality Act, Section 212(n) and (I) and 214(c). Public reporting burden for this collection of information. which is to assist with program 
management and to meet Congressional and statutory requirements is estimated to average I hour per response. including the time to 
review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed, and complete and review the collection of 
information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this collection of information, including suggestions for 
reducing this burden, to the U.S. Department of Labor. Room C-4312. 200 Constitution Ave. NW. Washington. DC 20210. (Paperwork 
Reduction Project OMB 1205-0310.) Do NOT send the completed application to this address. 
ETA Form 9035/9035E 
FOR DEPARTMENT OF LABOR USE ONLY 
Page 5 of 5 
Case Number: 
420111277-706064 
 Case Status:  
CERTIFIED 
 Period of Employment:  
10/1512011 
 to  
101142014 
EFTA00592829

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592830.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592830.pdf
----------------------------------------
SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 
THIS SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE ("Agreement") is 
made and entered into on this 
day of December, 2014 by and among TCC International 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("TCC"), The Core Group Management LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company ("CGM"), The Core Club 55ih Street LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company ("CCF" and together with TCC and CGM, collectively being "Core"), 
and Mortimer Zuckerman, the undersigned "founding member" ("FM"). Core and FM shall, 
together with their respective successors, heirs, executors, and/or assigns, hereinafter, 
collectively, be referred to as the "Parties." 
WHEREAS, FM provided a loan to CCF which is evidenced by a subordinated 
promissory note in the original principal amount of $ 
(the "Note"); 
WHEREAS, CCF operates a club at premises located at 60 East 55th Street in New York, 
New York and known as The Core Club (the "Club"); 
WHEREAS, on or about 2008 or 2009, in connection with a proposed restructuring of the 
capitalization of CCF which was not consummated, FM was granted certain discounts, privileges 
and other consideration; 
WHEREAS, FM has received discounts, privileges and other consideration having the 
respective values set forth on Appendix A• 
WHEREAS, CCF shall provide or shall cause to be provided to FM certain additional 
consideration as more specifically set forth on Appendix A (the consideration set forth on 
Appendix A shall hereinafter be referred to as the "Consideration"); and 
WHEREAS, FM is willing to forgive the indebtedness outstanding under the Note, if any, 
in consideration of the Consideration; 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants herein 
contained and the benefits to be derived by each Party, for the payments to be made hereunder, 
and for other good and valuable consideration (including, without limitation, the Consideration), 
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 
1. FM acknowledges and agrees that, effective upon the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, and in exchange for the Consideration, the Note (including all accrued interest with 
respect thereto) shall be forever cancelled, satisfied and discharged in full. 
2. In consideration for the discharge of the Note (including all accrued interest with respect 
thereto), FM acknowledges that FM has received the discounts, privileges and other 
consideration set forth on Appendix A. 
3. CCF will provide or cause to be provided to FM the discounts and privileges at the Club set 
forth on Appendix A hereto in lieu of the discounts and privileges set forth in any prior oral or 
written agreements between the Parties. 
32688110 
EFTA00592830
--- PAGE 2 ---
4. Effective upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by FM, and for good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged as 
received by FM, FM, on behalf of himself, herself or itself and his, her or its successors, heirs, 
executors and assigns (collectively, the "Releasors"), hereby irrevocably releases, acquits and 
forever discharges TCC, CGM, CFF, TCC 55 LCC, The Core Club IP, LLC, RFD Steam LLC, 
AES Holding, LLC, R&F 55th Street Retail LLC, RFD 55th Street LLC, RFD Holding, LLC, Aby 
Rosen, Michael Fuchs, Trevor Davis, Davis & Partners LLC, and Davis and Partners, L.P., and 
all of their respective successors, assigns, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors, 
shareholders, members, directors, managers, officers, employees, agents, professionals, and 
representatives, as applicable, both present and former (each a "Released Party," collectively, 
"Released Parties"), of and from any and all actions, causes of action, suits, counterclaims, 
debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, specialties, covenants, contracts, 
obligations, accounts, defenses, offsets, controversies, agreements, promises, variances, 
trespasses, damages, judgments, executions, liabilities, claims and demands of whatsoever kind 
or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, contingent or non-contingent, in 
contract or in tort, at law or in equity or otherwise, which any or all of the Releasors have, may 
have, ever had, or may hereafter have (including, without limitation, any claims arising from or 
under or relating in any way to the Note (including all accrued interest with respect thereto) and 
the Club), against any or all of the Released Parties, individually, jointly or severally, for, or by 
reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever from the beginning of the world to the date 
hereof. 
5. Effective upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Parties, the Parties agree 
that, to the extent not previously terminated by their terms, (i) that certain letter agreement and 
attached Proposed Restructuring Term Sheet, dated December 29, 2008, and (ii) The Core Club 
55th Street LLC Subscription Agreement, which was executed by FM as "Subscriber" and 
accepted by CCF in connection with the Note, shall each terminate and no parties thereunder 
shall have any further rights or obligations under such agreements. 
6. The Parties agree that the terms of this Agreement are confidential as between the Parties and 
their respective attorneys. The Parties will not reveal, and they will instruct their attorneys and 
any other person or representative acting on their behalves not to reveal, to the general media, or 
to any other person or entity not a party to this Agreement, the terms or amounts contained in 
this Agreement, except as otherwise provided herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this 
provision shall not prevent the Parties from (a) communicating with their respective attorneys, 
insurers, lenders, auditors, accountants, sureties, or tax advisors regarding this Agreement; or (b) 
responding to a subpoena, court order or other legally enforceable request from a governmental 
agency, court tribunal, or other entity of competent jurisdiction to reveal facts regarding this 
Agreement, provided that the Party receiving the request provides written notification of said 
request to the other Parties prior to providing the requested information. Breach of any provision 
in this paragraph shall be considered a breach of this Agreement and any and all remedies at law 
and in equity shall be available. 
7. The Parties agree that they will not by conduct or statement, or in writing, disparage the 
business or business practices of the other or of their respective successors, parents, subsidiaries, 
affiliates, predecessors, shareholders, members, directors, managers, officers or employees. 
32688110 
EFTA00592831
--- PAGE 3 ---
Breach of any provision in this paragraph shall be considered a breach of this Agreement and any 
and all remedies at law and in equity shall be available. 
8. This Agreement supersedes all prior oral or written agreements with respect to the subject 
matter hereof and constitutes the entire, integrated agreement among the Parties hereto relating to 
the subject matter hereof. 
9. No amendment, modification, or waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be 
effective unless in writing and signed by the party or parties against whom it is to be enforced, 
and then any such amendment, modification, or waiver shall be effective only in the specific 
instance, and for the specific purpose for which given. 
10. It is understood and agreed that this Agreement is being entered into by way of compromise 
of potential claims, counterclaims, cross-claims, and defenses and shall not, in any way, be 
construed or considered to be an admission of any liability or wrongful conduct by any of the 
Parties. Furthermore, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as an admission of any fact 
by any of the Parties. 
11. FM hereby represents and warrants that no other person or entity has or has had any interest 
in the Note or in any claims, demands, obligations, or causes of action referred to in Paragraph 4 
of this Agreement, and that FM has the sole right and exclusive authority to execute, deliver and 
perform under this Agreement without the consent of any person or entity; that FM has not sold, 
assigned, encumbered, transferred, conveyed, or otherwise disposed of any rights or interests in 
the Note or in any claims, demands, obligations, or causes of action referred to in Paragraph 4 of 
this Agreement. 
12. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the 
validity and enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. The provisions of this 
Agreement shall, to the fullest extent permissible by law, be construed and interpreted to ensure 
their validity, enforceability and mutual compatibility, and to effectuate the purposes of this 
Agreement. 
13. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of 
New York, without regard to any rules or principles of conflict of laws that might otherwise have 
required the application of the law in another jurisdiction. The Parties hereto each (a) irrevocably 
consent and agree that any legal or equitable action or proceeding arising under or in connection 
with this Agreement, may be brought in any federal or state court located in the County of New 
York, in the State of New York, (b) agrees that any process in any action commenced in such 
court with respect to this Agreement may be served upon such Party either (i) personally, by 
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, or by an overnight courier service which 
obtains evidence of delivery, with the same full force and effect as if personally served upon him 
in such county or (ii) any other method of service permitted by law, and (c) waives any claim 
that the jurisdiction of any such tribunal is not a convenient forum for any such action and any 
defense of lack of in personam jurisdiction with respect thereto. 
1261111110 
EFTA00592832
--- PAGE 4 ---
14. The Parties intend for this Agreement to be construed and interpreted neutrally, in 
accordance with the plain meaning of its language, and not presumptively construed against any 
actual or purported drafter of any specific language contained in it. 
15. The Parties acknowledge and agree that, in entering into this Agreement, they have each 
relied on or had the opportunity to seek the legal advice of their respective chosen counsel, that 
the person executing this Agreement, has read and understood and voluntarily accepted the terms 
and conditions hereof, and that the person executing this Agreement does so in good faith and in 
the absence of any fraud, duress or undue influence. 
16. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, with each copy being treated as 
an original. Such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same Agreement. All 
executed copies of this Agreement, and photocopies thereof, shall have the same force and effect 
and shall be as legally binding and enforceable as the original. 
17. This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective 
past, present and future parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions, related companies or 
entities, stockholders, shareholders, officers, directors, partners, members, agents, principals, 
servants, employees, affiliates, managers, representatives, attorneys, assigns, insurers, trustees, 
receivers, administrators, predecessors-in-interest, and successors-in-interest. Each Released 
Party that is not one of the Parties hereto is intended to be a third party beneficiary of this 
Agreement and all Released Parties shall be entitled to the rights and benefits of this Agreement. 
18. Each Party hereto represents, warrants and guaranties that it has received all necessary 
authorizations and approvals to enter this Agreement and that the individual executing this 
Agreement is authorized to execute this Agreement on behalf of the party and bind that party to 
the terms and conditions contained herein. Each Party hereto represents, warrants and guaranties 
that it has the legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement, and that it has made 
such investigation of the facts pertaining to this Agreement and all of the matters pertaining 
thereto as it deems necessary prior to entering into this Agreement. 
[The next page is the signature page] 
1263$110 
EFTA00592833
--- PAGE 5 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by the Parties as of the 
date first set forth above. 
TCC INTERNATIONAL LLC 
By: The Core Group Management LLC, a Delaware 
limited liabilitysoii pany, its managing member 
By: 
Name: Jennie Enterprise %fa Jennie Saunders 
Title: Chief Executiye Officer and President 
THE CO 
By: 
Name: J 
e E erprise Pk/a Jennie Saunders 
Title: 
hief 
ecutive officer and President 
OUP MANAGEMENT LLC 
THE CORE CLUB 55TH STREET I.I.0 
By. TCC International LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company 
By: The Core Group Management LLC, a Delaware 
limited liabi ity company, its managing member 
By: 
Name: 
nterprise flk/a Jennie Saunders 
TitI . Chief xecutive Officer and President 
32688110 
EFTA00592834
--- PAGE 6 ---
FOUNDING MEMBER 
Name: Mortimer Zuckerman 
/263$110 
EFTA00592835
--- PAGE 7 ---
Appendix A 
Detailed Description of Past and Future Consideration to Founding Members 
826S:3110 
EFTA00592836
--- PAGE 8 ---
FuSubereBasted Nate 
FM Suheirellnatoirl Nets 
FM SuheireBashed Wit, 
Subordinated Note & 
Unsecured Loan 
Annual Dues 
Spending Credit 
Annual Stipend 
Discount 
Membership Rights 
Initiation Fee 
Guest Visits 
ReelsOcity 
Sale of Membership 
Transfer of 
Membership 
Value of 
Waived/Discounted 
Dues per FM 
v 2000 -  Dee 9014 
FNpitiva 1/1/201$ 
Principal - 5100,000 
Cancellation of Debi (principal & accrued interest) 
in exchange for equity. Equity has no value. 
cancellation of Debt (principal & accrued interest 
and penalty interest). Equity cannot be issued. 
Material issue with respect to NYS advisory opinion 
and potential material exposure for any FM. Equity 
has no value. 
Interest — 12% simple interest payable at maho a, 
No penalty interest as note was deemed to be 
cancelled. 
Interest - note accrues penalty interest in 
accordance with the note terms through 12/31/10 
Maturity — 5 years 
Maturity — with cancellation of debt 
Maturity — with cancellation of debt 
No security — unsecured loan 
No security — unsecured loan 
No security — unsecured loan 
Ranking — subordinated to senior debt 
Ranking — subordinated to senior debt 
Ranking — subordinated to senior debt 
Tax treatment — A 1009-DID and a 1099-INT are 
Tax treatment — Each FM should consult with 
Tax treatment — Each FM should consult with 
Issued each year for the term of the note which 
Ilis/her tax advisor In connection with cancellation 
his/her tax advisor in connection with cancellation 
represents passive Income to the notehoider 
of the debt and any associated investment loss. 
of the debt and any associated investment loss. 
related to the waived dues and monthly spendiro 
(Note: 1099's will no longer be issued.] 
[Note: 1099's will no longer be issued.] 
FM Membership Plan 
Sept 2005 - April 2009 
FM Membership Plan 
May 2009 - Dec 2010 
FM Membership Plan 
Effective 1/1/2015 
Founding Member and Spouse — waived for 5 years 
then same as Regular Members. 
52.500 for Founding Member and Spouse subject 
to overall annual increases in lockstep with other 
members (currently at $2.700 per year) 
57.600 per year for Founding Member and Spouse 
representing a 55% discount to the full rate and 
this rate will be capped in perpetuity (subject to an 
adjustment to reflect any increase in CPI. which 
adjustment will be made every 3 years). 
$700 for all goods and services: unused monthly 
credit does not tell over except in the case of out 
of town members who receive the credit quarto:v 
Eliminated due to tax consequences 
N/A 
WA 
N/A 
An annual stipend of $5.000 posted to the member 
club account each year for 10 years. Stipend does 
not roll over from year to year. 
10% on all goods and services for duration 01 
75% of F&8 and 20% of all other services to 
Continued discounts on club goods and services 
membership 
include fitness, spa and suites. 
reducing in 2015 to 50% of F&B; 20% off 
corporate events. SulteS. spa & °MOSS and 
gradually reducing over 3 years to 25% of rate 
card for F&B, corporate events and suites, and 
20% for spa and fitness. 
Regular Member benefits and usage rights in 
Regular Member benefits and usage rights in 
Regular Member benefits and usage rights in 
addition to benefits under this category 
add0ion to benefits under this category 
addition to benefits under this category 
Waived 
Waived 
Waived 
Guests allowed w/o Founding Member being 
Guests allowed w/o Founding Member being 
Guests allowed w/o Founding Member being 
present 
present 
present 
Access to all future CORE: clubs for no addition./ 
Access to all future CORE: dubs for no additional 
Access to all future CORE: clubs for no additional 
initiation fee or annual dues 
initiation fee or annual dues 
initiation lee or annual dues 
WA 
Secondary Market established but club not actively 
Club will proactively attempt to facilitate the sale of 
involved in promoting sale 
your membership into the dues paying community. 
WA 
Subject to the restrictions that: (i) any transferee 
Subject to the restrictions that: (I) any transferee 
of a Founding Member must execute the standard 
of a Founding Member must execute the standard 
inembership agreements and (II) Club 
membership agreements and (ii) Club 
MeMberships may only be transferred to relatives 
Memberships may only be transferred to relatives 
or business partners of Founding Members 
or business partners of Founding Members 
Documentation Re wired: 
Documentation Required: 
Documentation Required: 
FM Note 
FM Redemption & Release Agreement 
lad Settlement & Release Agreement 
FM Membership Agreement 
FM Membership Agreement - Addendum 
lad Membership Aoreement - Addendum 
549k per FM over the term 
$63.5k per Fit over the term 
Value of Spending 
Credits/Discounts 
Silk per FM over the term 
$30k per FM over the term 
on goods & 
services per FM 
Total Value of 
Discounts 
$1513.5k per FM over the term 
EFTA00592837

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592838.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592838.pdf
----------------------------------------
In re Wel!care Health Plans, Inc., 754 F.34 1234 (2014) 
At L Weekly Fed. C 1422 
754 F•3d 1234 
United States Court of Appeals, 
Eleventh Circuit. 
In re WELLCARE HEALTH 
PLANS, INC., Petitioner. 
No. 14-12422—B. 
I 
June 13, 2014. 
Synopsis 
Background: After several of its officers were convicted of 
healthcare fraud and making false statements, a provider of 
managed care services to government-sponsored health care 
programs moved to be recognized as a victim of its officers' 
crimes and sought restitution under the Crime Victims' 
Rights Act (CVRA) and Mandatory Victims Restitution Act 
(MVRA). The United States District Court for the Middle 
District of Florida denied the motion. Provider then petitioned 
for writ of mandamus declaring it a victim within the meaning 
of the CVRA and MVRA, and directing the District Court to 
act accordingly. 
Holdings: The Court of Appeals held that: 
[1] traditional, highly deferential mandamus standard of 
review applied, and 
[2] provider was not a victim of its officers criminal conduct. 
Petition denied. 
West Headnotes (10) 
[1] 
Mandamus 
Cr= Criminal prosecutions 
Mandamus 
Scope of inquiry and powers of court 
Traditional, 
highly 
deferential 
mandamus 
standard of review, rather than normal appellate 
standards of review, applies to petitions for 
writs of mandamus filed pursuant to the Crime 
Victims' Rights Act (CVRA), which ask Court 
of Appeals to direct district court to find victim 
status and order corresponding restitution. 18 
U.S.C.A. § 3771(d)(3). 
Cases that cite this headnote 
[2] 
Mandamus 
Criminal prosecutions 
Because a writ of mandamus pursuant to the 
Crime Victims' Rights Act (CVRA) is an 
action against the district court judge, it is 
a drastic and extraordinary remedy reserved 
for really extraordinary causes amounting to a 
judicial usurpation of power or a clear abuse of 
discretion. 18 U.S.C.A. § 3771(d)(3). 
Cases that cite this headnote 
[3] 
Mandamus 
4- Nature and scope of remedy in general 
Three conditions must be satisfied before a 
writ of mandamus may issue; (1) the party 
seeking issuance of the writ must have no other 
adequate means to attain the relief he desires, 
thus ensuring that the writ does not replace the 
regular appeals process; (2) the petitioner must 
show that his right to issuance of the writ is clear 
and indisputable; and (3) the issuing court, in the 
exercise of its discretion, must be satisfied that 
the writ is appropriate under the circumstances. 
Cases that cite this headnote 
[4] 
Sentencing and Punishment 
4'- Power to award 
A district court lacks inherent authority to order 
restitution but can derive such power if explicitly 
authorized by statute. 
Cases that cite this headnote 
[5] 
Criminal Law 
4- Civil liabilities to persons injured; 
reparation 
To identify a victim under the Crime Victims' 
Rights Act (CVRA), the court must: (I) 
identify the behavior constituting commission 
of a Federal offense; (2) identify the direct 
and proximate effects of that behavior on 
WestlawNexts © 2015 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00592838
--- PAGE 2 ---
In re Wellcare Health Plans, Inc., 754 F.34 1234 (2014) 
Fla. L. Weekly Fed. C 1422 
parties other than the United States; and (3) 
determine whether the criminal behavior causes 
a party direct and proximate harmful effects. 18 
U.S.C.A. § 3771(e). 
Cases that cite this headnote 
[6] 
Criminal Law 
iM Civil liabilities to persons injured; 
reparation 
If the criminal behavior causes a party direct and 
proximate harmful effects, the party is a "victim" 
under the Crime Victims' Rights Act (CVRA). 
U.S.C.A. § 3771(e). 
Cases that cite this headnote 
[7J 
Criminal Law 
Civil liabilities to persons injured; 
reparation 
The Crime Victims' Rights Act (CVRA) does 
not limit the class of crime victims to those 
whose identity constitutes an element of the 
offense or who happen to be identified in the 
charging document; rather, the CVRA instructs 
the district court to look at the offense itself only 
to determine the harmful effects the offense has 
on parties. 18 U.S.C.A. § 3771. 
Cases that cite this headnote 
[8J 
Criminal Law 
*a Civil liabilities to persons injured; 
reparation 
Under the Crime Victims' Rights Act (CVRA), 
a party may qualify as a victim, even though it 
may not have been the target of the crime, as 
long as it suffers harm as a result of the crime's 
commission. 18 U.S.C.A. § 3771. 
Cases that cite this headnote 
[9] 
Criminal Law 
P- Civil liabilities to persons injured; 
reparation 
Sentencing and Punishment 
P- Victims 
Provider 
of 
managed 
care 
services 
to 
government•sponsored health care programs was 
not a "victim" of the healthcare fraud committed 
by several of its top-level executives, within 
the meaning of the Crime Victims' Rights Act 
(CVRA) and Mandatory Victims Restitution 
Act (MVRA); provider admitted to being a co-
conspirator in the underlying fraudulent conduct, 
in exchange for the government's agreement to 
defer prosecution, and it paid restitution and 
forfeited assets as a result of its participation in 
these criminal offenses. 18 U.S.C.A. §§ 3663A, 
3771. 
Cases that cite this headnote 
[10] 
Sentencing and Punishment 
V- Victims 
Under the Mandatory Victims Restitution Act 
(MVRA), a victim does not exist without a 
perpetrator, and a perpetrator cannot be his own 
victim. 18 U.S.C.A. § 3663A(a)( I). 
Cases that cite this headnote 
Attorneys and Law Firms 
•1235 Gregory William Kehoe, Greenberg Traurig, LLP, 
Tampa, FL, for Petitioner. 
On Petition for Writ of Mandamus to the United States 
District Court for the Middle District of Florida. 
Before: HULL and JORDAN, Circuit Judges. 
Opinion 
BY THE COURT: 
Petitioner Wellcare Health Plans, Inc. ("Wellcare") seeks a 
writ of mandamus declaring it a "victim" within the meaning 
of the Crime Victims' Rights Act ("CVRA"), 18 U.S.C. § 
3771, and the Mandatory Victims Restitution Act of 19% 
("MVRA"), 18 U.S.C. § 3663A, and directing the district 
court to act accordingly. 
After review of the record and the briefs of the parties, we 
deny Wellcare's petition. 
WestlawNext" © 2015 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00592839
--- PAGE 3 ---
In re Wellcare Health Plans, Inc., 754 F.3d 1234 (2014) 
At L Weekly Fed. C 1422 
I. BACKGROUND 
A. Underlying Criminal Conduct 
The U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Florida 
filed a criminal information charging petitioner Wellcare 
with conspiring through its former officers and employees 
to defraud Florida healthcare programs. That same day, 
Wellcare entered into a deferred prosecution agreement. In 
*1236 that agreement. Wellcare stipulated to a "Statement 
of Facts," wherein it admitted, biter alio. that, "acting 
through its former officers and employees," it "knowingly 
and willfully conspired ... to execute ... a scheme and artifice 
to defraud" Florida healthcare programs of approximately 
$40 million. Wellcare also agreed to pay $40 million in 
restitution and $40 million in civil forfeiture. And, Wellcare 
agreed to "fully cooperate" with the government's ongoing 
investigation into the fraudulent conduct. 
After additional investigation, a federal grand jury indicted 
defendants Todd Farha (Wellcare's former CEO, President. 
and Chairman of the Board), Paul Behrens (Wellcare's former 
CFO and Senior Vice President), William Kale (Wellcare's 
former Vice President of Government and Regulatory 
Affairs), Peter Clay (Wellcare's former Vice President of 
Medical Economics), and Thaddeus Bereday (Wellcare's 
former Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary, 
and Chief Compliance Officer) with conspiracy, making false 
statements, and healthcare fraud. Before the defendants' trial, 
the government designated Wellcare as an un-indicted co-
conspirator in the defendants' fraud. A jury found defendants 
Farha, Behrens. and Kale guilty of healthcare fraud and found 
defendants Behrens, Kale, and Clay guilty of making false 
statements. 
The jury deadlocked on the conspiracy count and found 
the defendants not guilty of the remaining counts. 
B. Motion for Victim Status and Restitution 
Petitioner Wellcare moved to be recognized as a victim of 
the defendants' crimes and sought restitution under the CVRA 
and MVRA. The defendants opposed Wellcare's motion. The 
government neither endorsed nor opposed Wellcare's motion. 
The district court concluded that Wellcare was not a "victim" 
as that term is defined in the CVRA and MVRA because 
Wellcare was "harmed collaterally but not directly." The 
district court also noted that it was persuaded by United States 
t'. Lazarenko, 624 F.3d 1247, 1251 (9th Cir.2010) (holding 
that a co-conspirator is not a "victim" and cannot recover 
restitution). Ultimately, the district court denied Wellcare's 
motion to be recognized as a crime victim and to be awarded 
restitution. 
Wellcare now petitions this Court for a writ of mandamus 
pursuant to the CVRA. See 18 U.S.C. § 3771(d)(3).2 The 
CVRA does not provide an independent, substantive basis for 
restitution. It does provide a victim Itlhe right to full and 
timely restitution as provided in law." Id. § 3771(a)(6). In 
this case, the substantive basis for restitution is the MVRA, 
and the parties do not dispute that the offenses fall within the 
MVRA's scope. 
Section 177 l(dX3) provides, in relevant pan: 
The district court shall take up and decide any 
motion asserting a victim's right forthwith. If the 
district court denies the relief sought. the movant 
may petition the court of appeals for a writ of 
mandamus. The court of appeals may issue the 
writ on the order of a single judge pursuant to 
circuit rule or the Federal Rules of Appellate 
Procedure. The court of appeals shall take up and 
decide such application forthwith within 72 hours 
after the petition has been filed. 
In its present mandamus petition. Wellcare only pursues 
restitution from defendants Farha. Behrens, and Kale. 
II. DISCUSSION 
This mandamus proceeding is a free-standing cause of action, 
brought by Wellcare, who claims to be a victim of the crimes 
of defendants Farha, Behrens, and Kale. It is an action against 
the district *1237 court judge who denied Wellcare the right 
to victim status and corresponding restitution. That is, the 
proceeding is not an appeal of a district court judgment, nor 
is it an interlocutory appeal of an intermediate order. The 
question the petition presents is whether Wellcare is a victim 
of the criminal conduct of defendants Farha, Behrens, and 
Kale who is entitled to restitution. 
A. Legal Principles 
To answer that question, we must first decide what standard 
of review applies to a petition for a writ of mandamus filed 
pursuant to the CVRA. 3 
WestlawNexts © 2015 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00592840
--- PAGE 4 ---
In re Wellcare Health Plans, Inc., 754 F.3d 1234 (2014) 
Fla. L. Weekly Fed. C 1422 
This Court previously left open the question of whether 
traditional mandamus or normal appellate standards of 
review apply to CVRA petitions. See In re Stewart. 
641 F.3d 1271. 1274-75 (11th Cir.20I I). In a string 
cite, the D.C. Circuit listed this Court's 2008 Stewart 
opinion as one that did not use the traditional mandamus 
standard. See United States v. Monzel, 641 F.34 528. 
532 (D.C.Cir.201 I ) (citing In re Stewart. 552 F.3d 1285. 
1288-89 (11th Cir.2008)). However, in a later, related 
Ste wan opinion, this Court stated that our 2008 Stewart 
opinion "did not explicitly indicate the standard ... used 
in setting aside the district judge's ruling that petitioners 
were not CVRA victims." Stewart. 641 F.3d at 1274 
(footnote omitted). 
[1] Where a district court denies a request for restitution as 
provided in law, the CVRA allows that purported victim to 
"petition the court of appeals for a writ of mandamus." 18 
U.S.C. § 3771(d)(3). Given Congress's express authorization 
to file for a writ of mandamus, review under mandamus 
principles is appropriate absent contrary direction from 
Congress. See Morissette v. United States, 342 U.S. 246, 
263, 72 S.Ct. 240, 250. 96 L.Ed. 288 (1952) ( "[W]here 
Congress borrows terms of art in which are accumulated 
the legal tradition and meaning of centuries of practice, it 
presumably knows and adopts the cluster of ideas that were 
attached to each borrowed word in the body of learning from 
which it was taken and the meaning its use will convey 
to the judicial mind unless otherwise instructed."); see also 
In re Antrobus, 519 F.3d 1123, 1128 (10th Cir.2008) ("[I]t 
seems to us relevant that Congress well knows how to 
provide for ordinary interlocutory appellate review, rather 
than mandamus review, when it wishes to do so."). 
We find no such contrary direction from Congress in the 
CVRA. Quite the opposite—our text-based conclusion that 
traditional mandamus review applies in cases such as this is 
bolstered by other portions of the CVRA. 
First, the CVRA requires this Court to decide the mandamus 
petition within a compressed, 72—hour time period. See 18 
U.S.C. § 3771(d)(3). This tight timeline is consistent with our 
conclusion that we should apply a highly deferential standard 
of review. 
Second, in contrast to a purported victim's right to petition 
this Court for a writ of mandamus when the district court 
denies restitution relief, the CVRA allows the government to 
seek review of that same denial of relief "in any appeal in 
a criminal case." Compare 18 U.S.C. § 3771(d)(3), with id. 
§ 3771(d)(4) (emphasis added). Congress's clear reference to 
both writs of mandamus (with respect to the victim's ability 
to seek immediate review of the district court's denial of 
relief under the statute) and appeals (with respect to the 
government's ability to seek review of that denial), indicates 
that Congress was aware of, and actually intended, different 
avenues of relief—each with its own corresponding standard 
of review. See Sosa R Alvarez—Machain, 542 U.S. 692, 711 
n. 9, 124 S.Ct. 2739, 2754 n. 9, 159 L.Ed.2d 718 (2004) 
( "RV Then the legislature uses certain language in one part 
of the statute and different •1238 language in another, the 
court assumes different meanings were intended." (quotation 
marks omitted)). 
Thus, the plain text of the statute and its other compelling 
textual clues support our conclusion that the traditional 
mandamus standard of review applies to petitions for writs of 
mandamus filed pursuant to the CVRA. Accord United States 
t'. Monzel, 641 F.3d 528, 533 (D.C.Cir.2011); In re Acker, 596 
F.3d 370, 372 (6th Cir.2010); In re Antrobus, 519 F.3d 1123, 
1127-30 (10th Cir.2008); In re Dean, 527 F.3d 391, 394 (5th 
Cir.2008). 
B. Traditional Mandamus Standard 
[2] 
Because a writ of mandamus is an action against the 
district court judge, it "is a drastic and extraordinary remedy 
reserved for really extraordinary causes" amounting to "a 
judicial usurpation of power" or a "clear abuse of discretion." 
Cheney v. U.S. Dist. a for the Dist of Columbia, 542 U.S. 
367, 380, 124 S.Ct. 2576, 2586-87, 159 L.Ed.2d 459 (2004) 
(quotation marks and citations omitted). 
[3] 
Three conditions must be satisfied before a writ of 
mandamus may issue. Id. "First, the party seeking issuance 
of the writ must have no other adequate means to attain the 
relief he desires," thus ensuring that the writ does not replace 
the regular appeals process. Id. at 380-81, 124 S.Ct. at 2587 
(quotation marks omitted) (alterations adopted). Second, the 
petitioner must show that his right to issuance of the writ 
is "clear and indisputable." Id. at 381, 124 S.Ct. at 2587 
(quotation marks omitted). Third, "the issuing court, in the 
exercise of its discretion, must be satisfied that the writ is 
appropriate under the circumstances." Id. 
We now apply this traditional mandamus standard to 
Wellcare's petition and examine whether the district court 
clearly abused its discretion in denying Wellcare's motion to 
be recognized as a victim and to be awarded restitution. 
WestlawNexts © 2015 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00592841
--- PAGE 5 ---
In re Wellcare Health Plans, Inc., 754 F.3d 1234 (2014) 
At L Weekly Fed. C 1422 
C. Statutory Framework for Restitution 
[4] 
A district court lacks inherent authority to order 
restitution but can derive such power if explicitly authorized 
by statute. United States v. Brown, 665 F.3d 1239, 1252 
(11th Cir.201 I). As to Wellcare's motion, the district court's 
authority to award the requested restitution is found, if at all, 
in the CVRA and MVRA. 
151 
[6] The CVRA provides a "crime victim" the "right to 
full and timely restitution as provided in law." See 18 U.S.C. 
§ 377 I (a)(6). The CVRA defines "crime victim" as "a person 
directly and proximately harmed as a result of the commission 
of a Federal offense." 18 U.S.C. § 3771(e).4 However, the 
CVRA explicitly provides that "Ial person accused of the 
crime may not obtain any form of relief under this chapter." 
U.S.C. § 3771(d)(I) (emphasis added). 
This Court previously articulated the analytical 
framework for determining whether a purported victim 
is. in fact, a victim within the meaning of the CVRA. See 
Ste wan, 552 F.3d at 1288. To identify a CVRA "victim." 
the court must (1) "identify the behavior constituting 
'commission of a Federal offense' ": (2) "identify 
the direct and proximate effects of that behavior on 
parties other than the United States": and (3) determine 
whether "the criminal behavior causes a party direct and 
proximate harmful effects." Id. "If the criminal behavior 
causes a party direct and proximate harmful effects, the 
party is a victim under the CVRA." Id. 
In turn, the MVRA not only allows, but requires, the district 
court to order restitution if the defendant is convicted of 
an offense "in which an identifiable victim or victims has 
suffered a ... pecuniary loss." 18 U.S.C. § 3663A(a)( I), (c) 
(1)(8). The •1239 MVRA defines "victim" as "a person 
directly and proximately harmed as a result of the commission 
of an offense." 18 U.S.C. § 3663A(a)(2). 
[7J 
[8] Additionally, the CVRA "does not limit the class of 
crime victims to those whose identity constitutes an element 
of the offense or who happen to be identified in the charging 
document." Stewart. 552 F.3d at 1289 (noting that CVRA 
"victims" need not be mentioned in the indictment). Rather, 
the CVRA "instructs the district court to look at the offense 
itself only to determine the harmful effects the offense has on 
parties." Id. "Under the plain language of the statute, a party 
may qualify as a victim, even though it may not have been the 
target of the crime, as long as it suffers harm as a result of the 
crime's commission." Id. 
D. Application to Wellcare's Petition 
[9] Here, we conclude that the district court did not clearly 
abuse its discretion in denying Wellcare's motion to be 
recognized as a crime victim and to be awarded restitution. 
Wellcare is not a "victim" within the meaning of the CVRA 
or the MVRA. Indeed, Wellcare admitted that it was a 
co•conspiirator in the underlying fraudulent conduct and 
that. "acting through its former officers and employees," it 
"knowingly and willfully" conspired to commit the fraud 
at issue in the underlying case. These facts support ow 
conclusion: (I) Wellcare admitted its participation in the 
fraud conspiracy, (2) the government designated Wellcare 
as an un-indicted co-conspirator in the fraud, and (3) 
Wellcare paid restitution and forfeited assets as a result of 
its participation in the criminal offenses. Given these facts, 
Wellcare is not a victim but an admitted perpetrator of a 
scheme to defraud the govemment.5
The jury's inability to reach a verdict on the conspiracy 
counts in the defendants' trial does not vitiate Wellcare's 
admission that it participated in the conspiracy. 
To the extent that Wellcare relies on the CVRA for its 
victim status, the CVRA explicitly prohibits any restitution 
to Wellcare because the criminal information filed against 
Wellcare accused it of participating in the fraud conspiracy. 
See I8 U.S.C. § 3771(d)(I) ("A person accused of the crime 
may not obtain any form of relief under this chapter."). 
[10] The MVRA, on its own, similarly precludes Wellcare's 
request for restitution based on its participation in the fraud 
conspiracy. Through its textual references to a "defendant" 
and a "victim," the MVRA contemplates at least two distinct 
classes of individuals: perpetrators and victims. The MVRA 
highlights the perpetrator-victim distinction when it states, 
"the defendant [must] make restitution to the victim." See 18 
U.S.C. § 3663A(a)( I); see also id. (stating that a "victim" 
is "any person directly harmed by the defendant's criminal 
conduct"). Thus, given the MVRA's text, a victim does not 
exist without a perpetrator, and a perpetrator cannot be his 
own victim.6
Because the MVRA's text forecloses Wellcare's 
argument that it is a "victim" within the meaning of 
the MVRA. we need not decide—and, indeed, do not 
decide—whether the CVRA's prohibition against an 
accused seeking relief under the CVRA. see 18 U.S.C. 
WestlawNext © 2015 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00592842
--- PAGE 6 ---
In re Wellcare Health Plans, Inc., 754 F.3d 1234 (2014) 
Fla. L. Weekly Fed. C 1422 
§ 3771(d)(I), also applies to an accused's attempt to 
seek restitution under the MVRA. See id. § 3771(a)(6) 
(allowing "restitution as provided in law"). 
Consequently, an entity that admits to engaging in illegal 
fraud cannot be a "victim" of that fraud for purposes of 
the CVRA and MVRA. Accord United States v. Lazarenko. 
624 F.3d 1247, 1249, 1251-52 (9th Cir.2010) (holding that, 
"in the absence •1240 of exceptional circumstances, a co-
conspirator cannot recover restitution"); United States v. 
Reifler, 446 F.3d 65, 127 (2d Cir.2006) ("[Alny order entered 
under the MVRA that [treats] coconspirators as `victims,' and 
thereby requires 'restitutionary' payments to the perpetrators 
of the offense of conviction, contains an error so fundamental 
and so adversely reflecting on the public reputation of the 
judicial proceedings that we may, and do, deal with it sua 
sponte."). 
Wellcare contends that it is not a co-conspirator because 
the fraud was perpetrated by "a small group of top-level 
Wellcare employees ... without the involvement, knowledge 
or approval of the board of directors or the vast majority 
of Wellcare's employees." That observation, however, does 
nothing to erase Wellcare's unqualified admission in the 
deferred prosecution agreement that the company was, in fact, 
a co-conspirator. 
Further, a corporation only acts or wills by virtue of its 
employees. See United States v. Dotterweich, 320 U.S. 
277, 281, 64 S.Ct. 134, 136, 88 L.51. 48 (1943); N.Y. 
Cent & Hudson R.R. Co. v. United States, 212 U.S. 481, 
492-93, 29 S.Ct. 304, 306, 53 L.Ed. 613 (1909). That is 
apparently why Wellcare admitted to criminal responsibility 
for the actions of its top-level executives. Wellcare made this 
admission in exchange for the government's agreement to 
defer prosecution. 
In short, Wellcare is responsible for the acts of its top-
level executives, and the company admitted to being a co-
conspirator. It cannot now deny those undisputed facts. By 
asking for restitution from its top-level executives, Wellcare 
seeks restitution for its own conduct—something it cannot do. 
For these many reasons, petitioner Wellcare's admitted 
participation as a co-conspirator precludes it from attaining 
victim status under the CVRA or MVRA. Thus, at a 
minimum, Wellcare has not met its burden to show that 
its claimed "right to issuance of the writ is 'clear and 
indisputable.' " See Cheney, 542 U.S. at 381, 124 S.Ct. at 
2587. 
III. CONCLUSION 
Given Wellcare's admitted role in the criminal conspiracy, the 
district court did not clearly abuse its discretion in denying 
Wellcare's motion to be recognized as a crime victim and to 
be awarded restitution. Consequently, Wellcare's petition for 
mandamus is denied. 
PETITION DENIED. 
All Citations 
754 F.3d 1234, 24 Fla. L. Weekly Fed. C 1422 
End of Document 
O2015 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WestlawNext © 2015 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00592843

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592844.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 341 Entered on FLSD Docket 11/23/2015 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:08-80736-Civ-Marra/Johnson 
JANE DOE #1 and JANE DOE #2 
v. 
UNITED STATES 
PLAINTIFF'S NOTICE OF FILING REDACTED PLEADINGS 
IN COMPLIANCE WITH ORDER DE 324 AND ORDER DE 325 
Plaintiffs, Jane Doe No. 1 and Jane Doe No. 2, though undersigned counsel, hereby files 
the following redacted pleadings in compliance with this Honorable Court's Orders DE 324 and 
DE 325. 
• 
DE 280 
• 
DE 291-1 
• 
DE 310-1 
Date: November 23, 2015 
Respectfully Submitted, 
/s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
Fort Lauderdale. Florida 33301 
Telephone 
Facsimile 
E-mail: 
And 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
EFTA00592844
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 341 Entered on FLSD Docket 11/23/2015 Page 2 of 2 
Universit of Utah' 
Salt Lake City. 
84112 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
E-Mail:cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Attorneys for Jane Does No. 1, 2, 3 and 4 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document was served on November 23, 2015, on the following 
using the Court's CM/ECF system: 
Dexter Lee 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Attorneys for the Government 
Roy Eric Black 
Jacqueline Perczek 
Black Srebnick Korns an & Stumpf 
Miami, FL 33131 
Fax: 
Email: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Thomas E. Scott , Jr. 
Cole Scott & Kissane 
Miami, FL 33156 
Fax: 
Email: 
Attorneys for Alan Dershowitz 
/s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
This daytime business address is provided for identification and correspondence 
purposes only and is not intended to imply institutional endorsement by the University of Utah 
EFTA00592845

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592846.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592846.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE WALL STREET JOURNAL. 
WSicom 
October 22, 2014, 5:30 AM ET 
THE PRACTICE: 
Software helps firms monitor advice on planning. Firms have 
long been able to monitor how advisers invest client money. But 
technology now enables the higher-ups to much better track adviser 
performance in other areas, such as financial planning, Bob Veres 
says. Writing in Advisor Perspectives, he looks at how one firm, 
Mercer Global Advisors, uses a software called InStream to see how 
diligent its advisers are in drawing up plans for clients, and to track 
those clients' savings and spending rates, among other things. 
And here is the entire article referenced above. This article is from 
"Advisor Perspectives" an industry publication... 
The Tool that Will Transform 
Firmwide Financial Planning 
October 21, 2014 
by Bob Veres 
Alex Murguia, founder and CEO of InStream Solutions, may be the 
most creative visionary in today's advisor software ecosystem. And 
like all people who think outside the box, sometimes he discovers that 
his best ideas have far better uses than he intended. 
InStream is best described as a financial planning tool. It performs 
the usual retirement-sufficiency calculations and Monte Carlo 
projections. It offers such creative add-ons as Social Security 
planning, automatic creation of mindmaps that organize a client's 
entire financial situation in graphical format, and, more recently, 
incorporation of Dr. Wade Pfau's "safe-savings rate" calculations, 
which make planning advice more relevant to Gen X/Y clients in their 
early accumulation years. There are customizable alerts that 
proactively warn an advisor if a client's situation is breaching any of a 
variety of thresholds, such as retirement sufficiency outside the safe 
zone, moving below the safe-savings rate or having a mortgage 
which, at current rates (automatically pulled down from the Internet 
EFTA00592846
--- PAGE 2 ---
every day), could profitably be refinanced. 
But another feature, which Murguia was initially excited about, was 
ignored by the smaller advisory firms who were among the first 
InStream users. "We collected all the recommendations made by all 
the advisors to all the clients in the system, anonymously, of course, 
and aggregated them for all of our users," he explains. "We thought it 
would be incredibly valuable to be able to compare your 
recommendations in a particular client situation with all the other 
recommendations. The idea was to evolve a best-practices engine 
across the profession. But people just weren't using it." 
Rescued from the dustbin 
Murguia was thinking about dropping the feature and focusing on 
some of his other ideas. And then he demonstrated InStream to a 
large potential buyer: Ralph Ujano, Senior VP of Wealth Management 
at Mercer Global Advisors. 
At the time, Mercer was beginning to face a challenge that is entirely 
new to the mainstream planning profession, but which is a well-
known headache in boardrooms of wirehouse 
organizations. "Consistency of advice is very important to us," says 
Ujano, "especially at the rate we've been growing." 
But how do you impose and monitor any financial planning 
consistency when you have, as Mercer does, advisors working in 
offices in Philadelphia, Washington, DC, Columbus, OH, Detroit, 
Chicago, Sarasota, FL, Atlanta, Houston, Dallas, Omaha, Boulder, 
Scottsdale, San Diego, Newport Beach, Los Angeles, Santa Barbara 
and San Francisco? The firm now works with 4,500 clients, collects 
in excess of $50 million in annual revenue, and its 45 planning 
professionals are conveying literally thousands of independent 
advice-related judgments in conference rooms in all corners of the 
country. 
"On the investment side, we can monitor and maintain consistency 
quite easily," says Ujano. "We have a core set of strategies that are 
monitored daily, and the profession has a lot of portfolio management 
tools that make it possible for us to know that we're giving pretty 
darned consistent investment advice. But," he says, "there isn't 
anything comparable to help us be consistent in how we're framing 
and providing that advice. When I first saw InStream, I told them that 
didn't have a way to track whether every client was receiving a 
personalized, customized plan. They showed me what they were 
doing, and said: We haven't really articulated it this way, but that's 
EFTA00592847
--- PAGE 3 ---
exactly what we're building." 
"It's very easy, because the technology has been there over time," 
adds Murguia, "to create model portfolios and have bands within the 
asset allocation, and standardize the portfolio management 
experience for clients and monitor outliers and notify you if something 
is off track that needs to be rebalanced." 
"But what we realized when we were talking with Mercer, on the 
planning side, is it completely wild west," he says. "You have to trust, 
blindly, in the competence of your advisors. When these larger firms 
bring in a lot of new planners, how do they know what they're actually 
doing in their plans? Are they all competent? Are they moving off the 
reservation in their recommendations?" 
The broader insight, which emerged from a software feature that was 
almost discarded for lack of use, is that a growing number of 
ambitiously growing advisory firms are moving past a threshold where 
their advisory team has a chance to informally look over everybody 
else's shoulder. They are starting to encounter the same challenges 
the brokerage firms have faced for years. 
And now, for the first time, they have a tool which will address the 
problem. 
Monitoring adoption and results across a large firm 
Ujano is now a power user of InStream, but not for its planning 
features. "Firmwide, we're currently onboarding 25-40 new clients in 
any given month," he says. "At the first level, I'm getting reports that 
tell me which advisors are using the software platform and, for each 
of them, how many of their clients are receiving financial plans, and 
how quickly and comprehensively that tends to happen. I can also 
check how often they're updating the plans." 
That allows him, from his office in Scottsdale, to pick up the phone 
and call an advisor in Georgia and note that, on average, a certain 
number of clients are being input into the planning system. "I can 
say: You're at half that number," says Ujano. "Tell me what's going 
on. 
He is in the early stages of looking at trends. How consistently are 
advisors using the Social Security portion of the platform? This can 
be broken down by client age or net worth. How often are they using 
the safe-savings rate feature, and is it being done with clients of 
appropriate age? InStream lets the home office, or an on-site 
manager, sort on one type of goal-based planning that advisors are 
offering, like the education planning, broken down by age. The 
EFTA00592848
--- PAGE 4 ---
output, currently, looks like this: 
% Include Co-Clients 
Goal Type Distribution 
Retirement 
IN Education 
MI Legacy 
bleary* 
O 
Unde, 
21-30 
41-50 
61-70 
Ovm 70 
In this example that the heaviest use of college planning takes place 
when clients are in their 30s and 40s, when they have children 
approaching adulthood, and the planning picks up again when clients 
are in their 60s, presumably because they're now providing financial 
help to college-age grandchildren. 
If you want to take a broader look at a variety of different planning 
activities, again associated with client ages, again for an office, a 
single advisor or across the entire firm, the report would look like this: 
31-40 
EFTA00592849
--- PAGE 5 ---
9) Include Co-Clients 
Goal Type Distribution 
Ret,emen! 
• 
Education 
• 
Legacy 
MI L'es!ylo 
MI Ail 
%of Clients 
Unciof 20 
21-30 
31-40 
4150 
51-60 
Over 70 
InStream can customize these reports by sorting the underlying data 
however an advisory firm needs to look at it. Meanwhile, Ujano is 
thinking about how to use the alerts functionality to achieve more 
firmwide planning consistency. 
"We can set safe zones in the Monte Carlo analysis across all of our 
offices," he says, citing a simple example, "and our advisors will get 
an alert if that threshold is breached, which helps them stay on top of 
client situations. We're talking about setting up firmwide alerts on 
things like: are they hitting their savings targets each year? And," he 
adds, "from an administrative standpoint, we can see which advisors 
are on top of these things and addressing them immediately. Getting 
the right advice out there the first time is really important--and we 
have to make sure our folks have a clear pathway to do that." 
Of course, the system will also provide broader metrics, like AUM 
numbers for each advisor and an average level for the firm and each 
region, number of clients served per advisor and region, number of 
6170 
EFTA00592850
--- PAGE 6 ---
new clients and trends in any of these areas. And it can lead to 
marketing campaigns, actually giving substance to the often-empty 
concept of "big data." 
"We had a firm that looked at the education planning they were 
doing," says Murguia, "and they discovered what you see in the chart: 
that folks were focused on it in their 40s and 50s, and then it went 
dormant. Then it popped up again among cohorts that are in their 
70s and 80s. They realized that this was really an important issue to 
their older clients, funding the education of their grandkids. It led 
them do an educational campaign around that with their older clients, 
talking about 529 plans. From an enterprise perspective," Murguia 
adds, "that kind of business intelligence on trends and best practices 
is giving them valuable management information." 
The next generation management tool 
The lesson? "I really thought aggregating plan data would attract the 
smaller firms who wanted to know best practices, and then it would 
trickle up," says Murguia. "But it turns out it was a big part of our 
value proposition for enterprises. And when you look at it, there are a 
lot of rebalancing mechanisms for investments, and tools to create 
model portfolios and stay on top of the consistency of investment 
advice down to the penny. But until now, there has been nothing 
comparable on the planning side, nothing to help them establish, 
monitor and drive best practices down and throughout their firms." 
Ujano, meanwhile, has taken on an unofficial, but important, role as 
feature consultant for InStream, looking for better ways for the 
software to facilitate better planning at his firm—and others. "We're 
really committed to the quality of our advice, as well as the 
transparency and consistency of that advice throughout our 
organization," he says. "We want to be able to add value beyond the 
structure of the portfolio we're creating," he adds, citing the 
integration of Social Security and Medicare, potentially using a 
standby letter of credit and reverse mortgages for portfolio longevity 
purposes and distribution strategies with cash reserves — "and have it 
all built into our platform, where we can identify best practices from 
the top down, and monitor how well and consistently they're being 
applied at the advisor level." 
As advisory firms grow and face the challenges that Mercer is 
addressing, this feature that was almost thrown away will become an 
increasingly important management tool for the profession, and solve 
a problem that none of the larger emergent planning enterprises 
EFTA00592851
--- PAGE 7 ---
realized they would face. 
Bob Veres's Inside Information service is the best practice 
management, marketing and client resource for investment advisors 
and financial planners. To get a free sample issue of Inside 
Information, send your request to 
, or order 
online at http://www.bobveres.corn. 
EFTA00592852

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592853.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592853.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Foundation 
for Medical Research 
in short.. . 
Created in 1947 by famous researchers, one of which was 
Prof. Jean Bernard. 
FONDATION 
RECHERCHE 
MEDICALE 
Recognized as Public Utility Fondation since 1965 -
Being independent, it receives no French or European funding. 
Objective: contributes to the development of innovative 
and pioneering public research, and accelerates the advances 
in fighting against all illnesses. 
Support between 400 and 450 new research studies, which 
requires c45 million in funding each year. 
Stephanie Climent-Grandcourt: Director of Philanthropy and Trust 
Tel. 01 44 39 75 96 • stephance.clement-grandcourtef rm.org 
EFTA00592853
--- PAGE 2 ---
A unique position at the core of research 
The Foundation is a major actor in the field of medical 
research. 
Through the force of its financial support and intimate 
knowledge of research requirements and priorities in 
public health, the Foundation works effectively to respond 
quickly to the needs of research teams. 
The Foundation supports research for all pathologies. 
It is involved in all areas of research: cancer, neurologi-
cal, cardiovascular, and infectious diseases and promotes 
major advancements in health. 
DONOR GUARANTEE 
to have a significant impact 
on the fight against disease, 
and provide support to work 
that matches urgent public 
health issues. 
the possibility to choose 
the pathology and project 
to be financed. 
The Foundation does not carry out research. 
It selects and finances the most promising French research 
teams tat the INSERM, at the CNRS, at universities, in hos-
pitals'. via a high-level scientific advisory board made up of 
researchers and doctors (30% of the 1.500 projects that 
are considered are eventually selected). 
the assurance of funding 
highly-promising research 
with excellence as the only 
criteria for selection. 
The Foundation oversees the progress of all of the work 
that it finances. 
The staff at the Foundation's Scientific Department carries 
out scientific and financial monitoring. 
follow-up on the impact of 
the donation; the possibility 
to meet with the researchers; 
information on research 
progress. 
Vehicles of philanthropy available to the donor: 
Support for a research team or an emerging researcher 
ElOk (€2,500 after a wealth-tax deduction) 
Creation of an Award on behalf of the donor 
E20k/year for fi 
il
te years (€5.000/year after a wealth-tax deduction) 
Creation of a sheltered foundation (see inset) 
€50k/year for three years (E12,500/year after a wealth-tax deduction) 
Stephanie Clement-Grandcourt: Director of Philanthropy and Trus: 
Tel. 01 44 39 75 96 • stephanie.ctement-grandcourtefrm.org 
EFTA00592854
--- PAGE 3 ---
Customized asset management services: 
A team of legal and financial experts is at the donor's disposal, along with their advisors, in 
order to optimize the legal aspects of their commitment, according to donor wishes. 
Reminder of tax deductions: 
LiT 
I 75% deduction of the amount of the donation from the wealth tax (with a maximum of E50k1. 
Amount of the wealth 
Amount of the 
Amount of 
Amount of the 
Actual cost 
tax to be paid before 
donation to the 
the wealth-tax 
wealth-tax after 
of the 
the donation 
FRM 'Foundation for 
deduction 
tax deduction* 
donation 
Medical Research) 
000 E 
000 E 
000 
oe 
000 € 
000 E a 
000 E 
000 € 
0€ 
000 € 
000 E 
667 € 
000 E 
0€ 
667 € 
•To reduce the wealth tax to 0, the amount of the tax must be divided by 0.75, which gives you the amount 
of the donation. 
The possibility to create 
sheltered foundations: 
• Choice of the name and the foundation's focus area. 
• The same tax benefits as for donations to the Foundation. 
• Choice of research teams to be funded. 
• Organized meetings with funded researchers. 
• Accurate tracking of your philanthropic investment. 
• For individuals: a minimum financial commitment 
of €50K/year for three years (€12.500/year after a wealth-
tax deduction). 
Use of the donations: 
Out of E100 from public 
donations in 2014: 
ial missions 
el 5,4 
Fundraising 
04,1 
Running costs* 
*the running costs are 
covered by the Foundation's 
financial proceeds. 
Stephanie Clement-Grandcourt: Director of Philanthropy and Trust 
Tel. 01 44 39 75 96 • stephanie.clement-grandcourtefrm.org 
EFTA00592855
--- PAGE 4 ---
Meeting exceptional 
researchers... 
Jules Hoffmann, 
Nobel Prize in Medicine in 2011 
Foundation for Medical Research 
Grand Prize in 2004. 
Francoise Barre-Sinoussl, 
Nobel Prize in Medicine in 2008 
Jean Weissenbach, 
CNRS Gold Medal in 2008 and 
Foundation for Medical Research 
Grand Prize in 2007. 
*
Documentation 
available upon request 
• Brochure about the Founda-
tion's sheltered foundations 
• Brochure about the 2016 
wealth tax 
Major advances in health issues 
and the fight against disease... 
I 
• The measles vaccine: 
the new anti-cancer weapon 
At the Nantes-Angers Cancer Center Research, 
INSERM Director of Research Marc Gregoire's team 
is working on an inventive application of the measles 
vaccine: treating a severe form of cancer caused by 
exposure to asbestos. 
€249K in funding 
• Alzheimer's Disease: 
the hope for gene therapy 
At the Atomic Energy Commission, INSERM Director 
of Research Nathalie Cartier is fighting the progres-
sion of Alzheimer's Disease through gene therapy (a 
method using genes and the information carried wit-
hin them to treat the disease'. Following convincing 
results in mice, her team is preparing the move to 
clinical trials. 
€400K in funding 
• Cancer of the esophagus: 
constructing biosynthetic esophagi 
to re 'lace dama.ed orians 
Jerome Larghero, in charge of the Cellular Therapy Bu-
siness Unit at Satin-Louis Hospital, and his team are wor-
king on creating esophageal segments through tissue 
engineering. A world first, this technique could constitute 
an attractive alternative to current procedures 'grafting 
from the patient's stomach or from segments of their 
colon), which today presents the risk of post-operative 
complications or death. 
€170K in funding 
Procedures and verification to insure you that your donation 
will be put to good use: 
certification of annual accounts by an independent Auditor, 
sending all financial statements to all donors, 
• organization of annual lunches to present the financial statements, 
licensed by the Committee of the Charter for Trust in Fundraising in France. 
Stephanie Clement-Grandcourt: 
EFTA00592856

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592857.pdf
----------------------------------------
Troy bone., ey»egetrw. 
RELEVE MDENTITE BANCAIRE 
Titulaire 
FOND. POUR LA RECHERCHE MEDICALE 
Domiciliation 
SG PARIS CROIX ROUGE ENT (01678) 
73006 PARIS 
Reference bancaire 
IBAN 
BiC-ADRESSE SWIFT: 
EFTA00592857

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592858.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592858.pdf
----------------------------------------
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7115,16 
• wner 
Pent Holdings 
_ rtlst 
TURNER. JOSEPH WILLIAM 
Title 
Seascape: Folkestone 
Basis 
15.000.000 
HRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
80.000.000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
65.000.000 
MALLORD 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE. PAUL 
Le Chateau Noir 
11.500,000 
50.000.000 
38,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MONDRIAN. PIET 
Composition C with Grey and Red 
2.700,000 
40.000,000 
37,300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MALEVICH. KAZIMIR 
Extended Plane (Plan en extension) 
15.500,000 
50.000,000 
34,500.000 
Joint 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Beliner Strassenszene [LDB owns 50% of this work. The 
appraised value shown is for the entire work. Details on Jointly 
Owned sheet.] 
19.000,000 
50.000,000 
31,000.000 
APO-01 
MALEVICH. KAZIMIR 
Plane in Rotation (Black Circle) 
20.000,000 
50.000.000 
30,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BRANCUSI. CONSTANTIN 
La Muse 
10.500,000 
40.000.000 
29,500.000 
Joint 
BECKMANN. MAX 
Self-portrait with horn [LDB owns 50% of this work. The 
appraised value shown is for the entire work. Details on Jointly 
Owned sheet.] 
11.300,000 
40.000,000 
28,700.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE. PAUL 
La carriere de Bibemus 
7.500,000 
35.000,000 
27,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LEGER. FERNAND 
Femme cousant 
16.000,000 
40.000,000 
24,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BRANCUSI. CONSTANTIN 
Oiseau dans l'espace 
27.500,000 
50.000.000 
22,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MONET. CLAUDE 
Nympheas 
22.500,000 
45.000.000 
22.500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE. PAUL 
Grenade et poires dans une assiette 
3.500.000 
25.000.000 
21,500.000 
AP Narrows 
LICHTENSTEIN. ROY 
Nude with Abstract Painting 
4.300,000 
25.000.000 
20,700.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Buste de femme 
9.500,000 
30.000.000 
20,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
RAPHAEL (RAFFAELLO SANZIO) Head of a Young Apostle 
30.000,000 
50.000.000 
20,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MUNCH. EDVARD 
Melancholy 
11.000,000 
30.000.000 
19.000.000 
EFTA00592858
--- PAGE 2 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 71516 
Owner 
Narrows 
_ Hist 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Title 
Femme nue (painting) 3YKD2 
Basis 
HRISTIE'S 
5111/16 
appraised 
value 
purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
19.000.000 
11.000.000 
30.000.000 
(Collateral) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
TURNER. JOSEPH WILLIAM 
MALLORD 
Goldau 
1.300,000 
20.000.000 
18,700.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Fernande Olivier (sculpture), 1909 3XJHP 
2.750,000 
20.000,000 
17,250.000 
AP Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. ALBERTO 
Figure moyenne II 
3.000,000 
20.000.000 
17,000.000 
Narrows 
GOGH. VINCENT VAN 
Jardin de fleurs 
8.500,000 
25.000.000 
16,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE. PAUL 
Crane sur une draperie (recto): Arbres et rochers a Bibemus 
(verso) 
1.750,000 
17.500,000 
15,750.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
An old bearded man, seated 
2.450,000 
18.000,000 
15,550.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Marocaine en jaune (Zorah en jaune) 
10.000,000 
25.000,000 
15,000.000 
APO-01 
GOGH. VINCENT VAN 
Carriere pros de Saint-Remy 
46.000,000 
60.000.000 
14,000.000 
APO-01 
DEGAS. EDGAR 
Les chevaux de courses 
8.300.000 
20.000.000 
11.700.000 
Narrows 
MICHAELANGELO 
The Risen Christ (recto): Figure studies (verso) 
13.300,000 
25.000.000 
11,700.000 
AP Narrows 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Amphitrite 
6.000,000 
17.500.000 
11,500.000 
2011 LLC 
MONDRIAN. PIET 
Composition with Color Planes and Grey Lines 1 
8.800.000 
20.000.000 
11.200.000 
2011 LLC 
SCHIELE. EGON 
Flusslandschaft mit zwei Baumen 
24.000.000 
35.000.000 
11,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE. PAUL 
Le Jardinier Vallier: Le Mann 
49.000,000 
60.000.000 
11,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
RODIN. AUGUSTE 
Iris, messagere de Dieux 
1.000,000 
12.000.000 
11,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KANDINSKY. WASSILY 
Improvisation 8 
25.000,000 
35.000.000 
10,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DEGAS. EDGAR 
Danseuses 
11.000,000 
20.000.000 
9,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MANET. EDOUARD 
Huitres 
6.000,000 
15.000,000 
9,000.000 
Promised 
SERRA, RICHARD 
Torqued Ellipse IV (LDB owns 50% of this work. The appraised 
value shown is for the entire work. Details on Promised Gifts 
sheet.) 
1.000,000 
10.000,000 
9,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MIRO. JOAN 
Corde et personnages II 
6.500.000 
15.000.000 
8,500.000 
Page 2 
EFTA00592859
--- PAGE 3 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7 15 16 
Owner 
Narrows 
Hist 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Title 
Double Torqued Ellipse II 
Basis 
HRISTIE'S 
5111/16 
appraised 
value 
purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
8.500.000 
_ 
1,500.000 
10.000.000 
(Collateral) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DE CHIRICO. GIORGIO 
La Surprise 
4.200.000 
12.500.000 
8.300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BECKMANN, MAX 
Tanzerin mit Tamburin 
1.825,000 
10.000,000 
8,175.000 
Promised 
BRONZINO. AGNOLO 
Seated Male Nude (LDB owns 50% of this work. The appraised 
value shown is for the entire work. Details on Promised Gifts 
sheet.) 
2.000,000 
10.000,000 
8,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MIRO. JOAN 
Oiseau 
1.000,000 
8.500.000 
7,500.000 
Promised 
BRAQUE. GEORGES 
La table [LDB owns 50% of this work. The appraised value 
shown is for the entire work. Details on Promised Gifts sheet] 
2.650,000 
10.000.000 
7,350.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
RAPHAEL (RAFFAELLO SANZIO) Head of a Muse 
43.000,000 
50.000.000 
7,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BRAQUE. GEORGES 
Le Gueridon 
1.600,000 
8.000.000 
6,400.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SERRA, RICHARD 
Betwixt the Torus and Sphere 
2.600,000 
9.000,000 
6,400.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MUNCH. EDVARD 
Kiosterudgarden (Aasgaardstrand) 
2.250,000 
8.500,000 
6,250.000 
AP Narrows 
WARHOL. ANDY 
Nine Multicolored Marilyns (Reversal Series) 
2.300,000 
8.500,000 
6,200.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CHARDIN. JEAN-SIMEON 
Panier de peches, raisin blanc et noir avec rafraichissoir et 
verre a pied 
2.300.000 
8.000.000 
5.700.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOGH. VINCENT VAN 
Wheat fields with sheaves (Champs de ble avec gerbes) 
2.000,000 
7.000.000 
5.000.000 
Promised 
SMITH. DAVID 
Sentinel [LDB owns 66.67% of this work. The appraised value 
shown is for the entire work. Details on Promised Gifts sheet] 
2.275,000 
7.000,000 
4,725.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DEGAS. EDGAR 
Le Repos 
3.800.000 
8.500.000 
4,700.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GAUGUIN. PAUL 
Cylinder with Two Figures 
8.000.000 
12.500.000 
4,500.000 
Page 3 
EFTA00592860
--- PAGE 4 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 715 16 
Owner 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
mist 
MOORE. HENRY 
Title 
Two-Piece Reclining Figure: Points 
Basis 
HRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
4.500.000 
4.000.000 
8.500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SMITH. DAVID 
Voltri-Bolton I 
2.500.000 
7.000.000 
4,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Tete d'homme a la pipe 
1.600,000 
6.000,000 
4,400.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Jeannette III 
1.650,000 
6.000,000 
4,350.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Study for Nude with Drapery 
700,000 
5.000,000 
4,300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Le grand juge 
1.200,000 
5.000,000 
3,800.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
RODIN. AUGUSTE 
Le Penseur. petit modele 
250,000 
4.000,000 
3,750.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DELACROIX. EUGENE 
Choc de cavaliers arabes 
8.300,000 
12.000,000 
3,700.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LEONARDO DA VINCI 
Madonna del Gatto 
3.400.000 
7.000.000 
3.600.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MIRO. JOAN 
Femme poignardee par le soleil recitant des poemes fuses en 
formes geometriques du vol musical chauve-souris crachat de 
la mer 
1.400.000 
5.000.000 
3.600.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Study for 'Head for Nude with Drapery' 
475,000 
4.000,000 
3,525.000 
2011 LLC 
CALDER. ALEXANDER 
Portrait de Fernand Leger 
1.000,000 
4.500.000 
3,500.000 
APO-01 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Figure decorative (Grand nu assis. accoude sur cube) 
14.000.000 
17.500.000 
3.500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KANDINSKY. WASSILY 
Entwurf zu "Komposition VII" 
1.500,000 
5.000.000 
3.500.000 
Promised 
LEYDEN. LUCAS VAN 
The Angel Gabriel for an Annunciation [LOB owns 44.22% of 
this work. The appraised value shown is for the entire work. 
Details on Promised Gifts sheet.] 
3.000,000 
6.500,000 
3,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SCHIELE. EGON 
Zwei Akte 
600,000 
4.000.000 
3.400.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Bouteille et verre 
700.000 
4.000.000 
3.300.000 
Page 4 
EFTA00592861
--- PAGE 5 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
• wner 
Narrows 
mist 
POLLOCK. JACKSON 
Title 
Number 8. 1951 
Basis 
1.250.000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
4.500.000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
3.250.000 
(Collateral) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Jeannette IV 
1.800.000 
5.000.000 
3.200.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MAILLOL. ARISTIDE 
L'Air (premier etat) 
825,000 
4.000,000 
3,175.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CANALETTO (ANTONIO CANAL) The annual visit of the Doge to the Church of Santa Maria della 
Salute, Venice 
900,000 
4.000,000 
3,100.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BRUEGEL THE ELDER, PIETER 
The Drunkard Pushed into the Pigsty 
5.000,000 
8.000,000 
3,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral 
DEGAS• EDGAR 
Etude de nu pour 'La petit danseuse de quatorze ans' 
1.000,000 
4.000,000 
3,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GORKY. ARSHILE 
Two Figures in an Interior (Agony) 
3.000,000 
6.000,000 
3,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LEGER. FERNAND 
Dessin pour l'escalier 
1.100,000 
4.000,000 
2,900.000 
APO-01 
BRANCUSI. CONSTANTIN 
Le Baiser 
9.700,000 
12.500.000 
2,800.000 
APO-01 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Acrobate 
3.250.000 
6.000.000 
2.750.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KLEE. PAUL 
K0nigsburg 
1.300,000 
4.000,000 
2,700.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
TURNER. JOSEPH WILLIAM 
MALLORD 
The Grand Canal, with Santa Maria della Salute, from near the 
Hotel Europa 
850,000 
3.500,000 
2,650.000 
Promised 
GRAF. URS 
A mercenary holding the banner of the Canton Glarus (LDB 
owns 50% of this work. The appraised value shown is for the 
entire work.Details on Promised Gifts sheet.] 
475,000 
3.000,000 
2,525.000 
AP Narrows 
MANZONI. PIERO 
Achrome. 1958-1959 
70.000 
2.500.000 
2.430.000 
2011 LLC 
MONDRIAN. PIET 
Church Façade 4 (Domburg) 
1.600.000 
4.000.000 
2,400.000 
APO-01 
GAUGUIN. PAUL 
Le peintre Roy 
2.600.000 
5.000.000 
2,400.000 
APO-01 
LEGER. FERNAND 
Les furnees sur les toits 
1.650.000 
4.000.000 
2.350.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
Maya y Celestina 
650,000 
3.000.000 
2,350.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Blue White 
2.250,000 
4.500,000 
2,250.000 
Page 5 
EFTA00592862
--- PAGE 6 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 71516 
Owner 
 rtist 
Title 
_ 
Basis 
HRISTIE'S 
5111/16 
appraised 
value 
purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Narrows 
MATISSE, HENRI 
Jeannette V 
2.750.000 
5.000.000 
2.250.000 
(Collateral) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE. PAUL 
Groupe d'arbres 
1.300.000 
3.500.000 
2.200.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REDON. ODILON 
Bouquet de fleurs 
2.800,000 
5.000,000 
2,200.000 
Joint 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Stehendes Madchen, Karyatide [LDB owns 50% of this work. 
The appraised value shown is for the entire work. Details on 
Jointly Owned sheet.] 
1.350,000 
3.500,000 
2,150.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SEURAT. GEORGES 
La Nourrice 
850.000 
3.000.000 
2.150.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LEONARDO DA VINCI 
Old woman with beetling brow. wearing a tall pointy hat. in bust- 
length profile 
360,000 
2.500,000 
2,140.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LEONARDO DA VINCI 
Snub-nosed man with a cowled hat, in bust-length profile 
360,000 
2.500,000 
2,140.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE. PAUL 
Baigneuses 
930,000 
3.000,000 
2,070.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
Gimiendo y Ilorando (Weeping and Wailing) 
940,000 
3.000,000 
2,060.000 
APO-01 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Figure surrealiste 
950.000 
3.000.000 
2.050.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LEGER. FERNAND 
Contraste de formes 
1.500,000 
3.500,000 
2,000.000 
APO-01 
SEVERINI, GINO 
II tango Argentino 
530,000 
2.500,000 
1,970.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DAVID. JACQUES-LOUIS 
Portrait de Frangois-Antoine Rasse. Prince de Gavre 
2.100.000 
4.000.000 
1,900.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Tete de Fernande (sculpture). 1906 
625.000 
2.500.000 
1,875.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOGH, VINCENT VAN 
Les toits. Arles 
1.250,000 
3.000,000 
1,750.000 
2011 LLC 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Deux femmes 
2.300,000 
4.000.000 
1,700.000 
AP Narrows 
PICASSO. PABLO 
La femme qui pleure 
1.300,000 
3.000,000 
1,700.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
FRIEDRICH. CASPAR DAVID 
Das grosse Gehege. bei Dresden 
1.300,000 
3.000,000 
1,700.000 
Page 6 
EFTA00592863
--- PAGE 7 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Owner 
Promised 
, dist 
LEONARDO DA VINCI 
Title 
Sketches for the movement of water; Standing Hercules. 
holding a club, seen from the front: and a Man sheathing or 
unsheathing a sword (recto): Standing Hercules holding a club 
(verso) [LDB owns 50% of this work. The appraised value 
shown is for the entire work. Details on Promised Gifts sheet] 
Basis 
HRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
1,670.000 
_ 
330,000 
2.000.000 
2011 LLC 
SEURAT. GEORGES 
Le chien noir (Etude pour 'Un Dimanche a la Grande Jane') 
1.400,000 
3.000,000 
1,600.000 
APO-01 
ARP. JEAN 
Fant6me flairant un nombril 
1.400,000 
3.000.000 
1.600.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
Three people round a dying man 
475,000 
2.000.000 
1.525.000 
AP Narrows 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Nu aux souliers roses 
2.500,000 
4.000.000 
1.500.000 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Christ Healing the Sick: 'The Hundred Guilder Print' 
2.000,000 
3.500.000 
1.500.000 
APO-01 
BURRI. ALBERTO 
Bianco cretto 
1.000,000 
2.500.000 
1.500.000 
APO-01 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Les bons juges 
1.500.000 
3.000.000 
1.500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BLAKE. WILLIAM 
God Blessing the Seventh Day 
2.000,000 
3.500,000 
1,500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
La culpa es tuya (It's all your fault) 
2.500,000 
4.000,000 
1,500.000 
APO-01 
SEURAT. GEORGES 
Le manteau blanc (Promeneuse au parapluie) 
1.600,000 
3.000.000 
1,400.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BONNARD. PIERRE 
Jeunes femmes au jardin 
2.600,000 
4.000.000 
1,400.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MANET. EDOUARD 
Portrait de Constantin Guys 
1.600,000 
3.000.000 
1,400.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
RODIN. AUGUSTE 
Les Bourgeois de Calais 
630,000 
2.000,000 
1,370.000 
AP Narrows 
BURNE-JONES. EDWARD 
L'Amor the muove it Sole e I'altre Stelle (The love that moves 
the sun and the other stars). Dante: Paradiso. XXXIII 
135,000 
1.500,000 
1,365.000 
AP Narrows 
AVERY, MILTON 
Conversation 
650,000 
2.000.000 
1,350.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
A Boy with a Blind Woman 
650,000 
2.000.000 
1,350.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
A Prisoner 
650,000 
2.000.000 
1,350.000 
Page 7 
EFTA00592864
--- PAGE 8 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 71516 
Owner 
Narrows 
Hist 
'iAIRO. JOAN 
Title 
Spanish Dancer 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Galn/Loss 
1.350.000 
8.650.000 
10.000.000 
(Collateral) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
COROT, JEAN-BAPTISTE- 
CAMILLE 
Le Rageur. Fora de Fontainebleau 
700.000 
2.000.000 
1,300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SEURAT. GEORGES 
Rayons 
700,000 
2.000,000 
1,300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SEURAT. GEORGES 
Arbres et bateaux 
1.750,000 
3.000,000 
1,250.000 
AP Narrows 
DEGAS. EDGAR 
Le pas battu 
2.300,000 
3.500.000 
1,200.000 
AP Narrows 
PICASSO. PABLO 
La Minotauromachie 
1.300,000 
2.500,000 
1,200.000 
APO-01 
FONTANA. LUCIO 
Concetto spaziale 
1.300.000 
2.500.000 
1.200.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO 
Grande table hexagonale aux arbres (SRZJC) avec modele de 
chaise (8) (6367238) 
1.000,000 
2.200,000 
1,200.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
TANSEY. MARK 
Homage to Susan Sontag 
50,000 
1.250,000 
1,200.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
La Bouillie: beggars eating mash 
375,000 
1.500,000 
1,125.000 
APO-01 
DELAUNAY. ROBERT 
Tour Eiffel 
230.000 
1.250.000 
1.020.000 
AP Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Paysage" 
2.500,000 
3,500.000 
1,000.000 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Christ Crucified Between Two Thieves (The Three Crosses). 
third state (4GXJF) 
1.500,000 
2.500,000 
1,000.000 
LDB 
PONTORMO (JACOPO CARUCCI) Study of a seated youth (recto): Study of a lower torso and legs 
(verso) 
9.000,000 
10.000,000 
1,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE. PAUL 
Sous-bois (recto); Chapeau et fleurs dans une bouteille (verso) 
3.000,000 
4.000,000 
1,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DEGAS. EDGAR 
Aux courses 
1.000,000 
2.000,000 
1,000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
Young woman fainting, surrounded by witches 
400,000 
1.400,000 
1,000.000 
Promised 
INGRES. JEAN-AUGUSTE- 
DOMINIQUE 
Virgil reading the Aeneid to Augustus, Livia, and Octavia 
drawing [LDB owns 40% of this work. The appraised value 
shown is for the entire work.Details on Promised Gifts sheet.] 
600.000 
1.600.000 
1,000.000 
AP Narrows 
MUNCH. EDVARD 
Vampyre II 
265,000 
1.200,000 
935.000 
Page 8 
EFTA00592865
--- PAGE 9 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Owner 
Narrows 
Hist 
SIGNORELLI. LUCA 
Title 
Study for a Seated Prophet 
Basis 
900.000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
1.800.000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
900.000 
(Collateral) 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. ALBERTO 
Earthenware fireplace surround 
400,000 
1.250,000 
850.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
FRAGONARD. JEAN-HONORE 
La lecture 
650,000 
1.500,000 
850.000 
AP Narrows 
MOORE. HENRY 
Seated Woman on Bench 
160.000 
1,000.000 
840.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
ARP, JEAN 
Constellation de quatre formes blanches et dune noire 
450,000 
1.250,000 
800.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BALDUNG, HANS 
Head of a man, in three-quarter-profile to the left (recto): 
Heraldic sketches (verso) 
3.700,000 
4.500,000 
800.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DAUMIER, HONORE 
La Parade 
1.200,000 
2.000,000 
800.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Venus a la coquille II 
700,000 
1.500.000 
800.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
THIEBAUD. WAYNE 
Pink Swirl 
120.000 
900.000 
780.000 
Promised 
GAUGUIN. PAUL 
Paysage et etudes de Pont-Aven (LDB owns 50% of this work. 
The appraised value shown is for the entire work. Details on 
Promised Gifts sheet.) 
725,000 
1.500,000 
775.000 
APO-01 
FRAGONARD. JEAN-HONORE 
Le petit parc (Les jardins de la villa d'Este) 
1.250,000 
2.000,000 
750.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PRUD'HON. PIERRE-PAUL 
Study for an Allegory of the Rhine River 
450,000 
1.200.000 
750.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
TOULOUSE-LAUTREC. HENRI 
DE 
La Coiffure 
1.000,000 
1.750.000 
750.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
VAN DYCK. SIR ANTHONY 
Two Studies of a Bearded Man 
7.250,000 
8.000.000 
750.000 
Promised 
CALLOT. JACQUES 
Louis de Lorraine-Guise• Prince de Phalsbourg [LDB owns 50% 
of this work. The appraised value shown is for the entire work. 
Details on Promised Gifts sheet.] 
285,000 
1.000.000 
715.000 
2011 LLC 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Jeune homme et cheval 
1.800,000 
2.500.000 
700.000 
AP Narrows 
LIOTARD. JEAN-ETIENNE 
Femme Turque au tambourin 
1.300.000 
2.000.000 
700.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE. PAUL 
Portrait du fils de l'artiste (recto): Scene illustrant un 'tit 
romantique (verso) 
800,000 
1.500.000 
700.000 
Page 9 
EFTA00592866
--- PAGE 10 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 71516 
Owner 
Narrows 
, Hist 
MATISSE, HENRI 
Title 
Femme 
blouse 
de broderie 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 
appraised 
value 
purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
700.000 
_ 
3.300.000 
4.000.000 
(Collateral) 
assise en 
roumaine motifs 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PRUD'HON. PIERRE-PAUL 
A woman seated holding a distaff (Clotho The Spinner), with 
two dogs at her feet 
500,000 
1.200.000 
700.000 
AP Narrows 
BECKMANN, MAX 
Kleines Rosenstilleben mit blauem Spiegel 
325,000 
1.000.000 
675.000 
AP Narrows 
GERICAULT. THEODORE 
Black Stallion in a Stable 
325.000 
1,000.000 
675.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SCHWITTERS. KURT 
Ohne Titel: Kurt Schwitters, Schriftsteller 
200,000 
850,000 
650.000 
Promised 
FRIEDRICH. CASPAR DAVID 
View of the Island of Rugen with a Shepherd and his dog [LOB 
owns 50% of this work. The appraised value shown is for the 
entire work. Details on Promised Gifts sheet] 
375,000 
1.000,000 
625.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CASTELLANI, ENRICO 
Superficie bianca 
400,000 
1.000.000 
600.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LORRAIN. CLAUDE (CLAUDE 
GELLEE) 
Landscape 
900,000 
1.500.000 
600.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Arlequin moustachu a la guitare 
650,000 
1.250.000 
600.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Femme nue (drawing) 
650,000 
1.250,000 
600.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Christ Crucified Between Two Thieves (The Three Crosses). 
fourth state 
1.400,000 
2.000,000 
600.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
TIEPOLO, GIOVANNI BATTISTA 
The Firing Squad 
225,000 
800,000 
575.000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI, DIEGO 
Lustre prevu pour l'entree du Musee Picasso a l'Hotel Sale 
(chandelier) 
1.450,000 
2.000,000 
550.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SCHIELE, EGON 
Selbstbildnis 
150,000 
700,000 
550.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KLEE. PAUL 
Hexen-scene 
335,000 
850,000 
515.000 
2011 LLC 
KOONING. WILLEM DE 
Woman 
3.000.000 
3.500.000 
500.000 
APO-01 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
Bajan Rinendo (They go down Quarreling) 
4.000.000 
4.500.000 
500.000 
APO-01 
PARMIGIANINO. IL (MARIA 
FRANCESCO GIROLAMO 
MAZZOLA) 
Composition studies for La Madonna dal Collo Lungo (recto 
and verso) 
1.000,000 
1.500.000 
500.000 
Page 10 
EFTA00592867
--- PAGE 11 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Owner 
Friends 
, rtist 
SCHWITTERS. KURT 
Title 
. 
Ja-Was?-Bild (LDB owns 50% of Friends Ventures LLC, the 
Basis 
24.500,000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
I • rice + sales 
tax 
25.000,000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
500.000 
entity that owns this work. The appraised value shown is for the 
entire work. Details on Friends Ventures sheet.] 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CEZANNE. PAUL 
Le Jardin des Lauves: Vue sur Aix et le Cathedrale de Saint 
Sauveur 
5.500,000 
6.000,000 
500.000 
Narrows 
Collateral 
DEGAS, EDGAR 
Autoportrait 
300,000 
800,000 
500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
INGRES. JEAN-AUGUSTE- 
DOMINIQUE 
Raphael and the Fornarina 
1.500,000 
2.000,000 
500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Etude pour l'acteur and deux profits de Fernande 
1.000,000 
1.500,000 
500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
TURNER. JOSEPH WILLIAM 
MALLORD 
Kilgarren Castle, Pembrokeshire 
700,000 
1.200,000 
500.000 
Noel Calb 
COROT, JEAN-BAPTISTE- 
CAMILLE 
Portrait of Mlle. Jeanne Farochon 
1.000,000 
1.500,000 
500.000 
Noel Calb 
MARDEN. BRICE 
Long Letter 1 
1.000,000 
1.500.000 
500.000 
AP Narrows 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
The Bulls of Bordeaux: the set of four 
715.000 
1.200.000 
485.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DELACROIX. EUGENE 
Tigre se lechant la patte 
225,000 
700,000 
475.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GUARDI. FRANCESCO 
A regatta on the Grand Canal (recto): The Grand Canal with the 
Rialto Bridge (verso) 
1.025,000 
1.500,000 
475.000 
Noel Calb 
SERRA, RICHARD 
Conrad 
540,000 
1.000.000 
460.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GRIS. JUAN 
Nature mode 
400.000 
850.000 
450.000 
Promised 
VAN DYCK. SIR ANTHONY 
Landscape with a tree and a farm building [LDB owns 50% of 
this work. The appraised value shown is for the entire work. 
Details on Promised Gifts sheet.] 
250.000 
700.000 
450.000 
AP Narrows 
GORMLEY. ANTONY 
Seeing and Showing 
10,000 
450,000 
440.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MILLET. JEAN-FRANCOIS 
La ravaudeuse (Madame Millet) 
570,000 
1.000,000 
430.000 
AP Narrows 
GAINSBOROUGH. THOMAS 
Portrait of Caroline. 4th Duchess of Malborough 
2.600.000 
3.000.000 
400.000 
AP Narrows 
PENONE. GUISEPPE 
Tra scorza e scorn (Between Bark and Bark) 
1.600,000 
2.000.000 
400.000 
APO-01 
MUNCH. EDVARD 
Madonna (Liebendes Weib) 
2.100,000 
2.500.000 
400.000 
APO-01 
REDON. ODILON 
Visage derriere les barreaux 
850.000 
1.250.000 
400.000 
Page 11 
EFTA00592868
--- PAGE 12 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Owner 
rtist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MILLET. JEAN-FRANCOIS 
Cooper tightening staves on a barrel 
300.000 
700.000 
400.000 
Noel Calb 
DELACROIX, EUGENE 
Mariee juive a Tanger 
1.100,000 
1.500,000 
400.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MOREAU. GUSTAVE 
Galatea 
215,000 
600,000 
385.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
WATTEAU. JEAN-ANTOINE 
Tete d'homme coifee d'un chapeau. vue de profit et tournee 
vers la droite: une main droite levee; une main gauche tenant 
une canne 
415,000 
800,000 
385.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
RODIN. AUGUSTE 
L'Age d'Airain, petit modele 
25,000 
400,000 
375.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DAUMIER, HONORE 
La chanson a boire 
640,000 
1.000,000 
360.000 
AP Narrows 
GORMLEY. ANTONY 
Landing 
100.000 
450.000 
350.000 
APO-01 
FRA BARTOLOMMEO 
Study of the kneeling Magdalen 
1.150,000 
1.500.000 
350.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Femme se reposant 
350,000 
700,000 
350.000 
Noel Calb 
FRAGONARD. JEAN-HONORE 
Paysage au double escalier 
650,000 
1.000,000 
350.000 
APO-01 
GRIS. JUAN 
Homme au chapeau haut-de-forme (Esquisse pour 'I'homme au 
café' 
870,000 
1.200,000 
330.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
A vagrant couple with a dog (recto): Unidentified studies in 
black chalk (verso) 
670,000 
1.000,000 
330.000 
AP Narrows 
DAVIS. STUART 
Artist in Search of a Model 
75.000 
400.000 
325.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MOREAU. GUSTAVE 
Le jeune homme et la mod (Hommage a Chasseriau) 
275,000 
600.000 
325.000 
Noel Calb 
INGRES. JEAN-AUGUSTE- 
DOMINIQUE 
Portrait de Monseigneur Gabriel Cortois de Pressigny 
180,000 
500,000 
320.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
FUSELI. HENRY 
The Confederates Arriving at the Rutli 
90,000 
400,000 
310.000 
2011 LLC 
SEURAT. GEORGES 
Au divan Japonais (Café-Concert) 
7.700.000 
8.000.000 
300.000 
AP Narrows 
VUILLARD. EDOUARD 
A fond de train' 
100,000 
400.000 
300.000 
APO-01 
GOLTZIUS. HENDRICK 
The artists ri. ht hand 
4.700.000 
5.000.000 
300.000 
APO-01 
SCHLEMMER. OSKAR 
Rote Leiber 
2.700,000 
3.000.000 
300.000 
LDB 
STRADANUS. IL (JAN VAN DER 
STRAET) 
Book of drawings: An album of 16 illustrations to Dante, with 
accompanying texts: original binding 
1.700,000 
2.000.000 
300.000 
Page 12 
EFTA00592869
--- PAGE 13 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Owner 
Narrows 
rtist 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO 
Title 
. 
Console a double 
modele a 
Basis 
100,000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
• rice + sales 
tax 
400.000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
300.000 
plateaux, 
grenouilles 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO 
Console a double plateaux. modele a grenouilles 
100.000 
400.000 
300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
FRA BARTOLOMMEO 
A double-sided sheet of studies of heads 
1.900,000 
2.200,000 
300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KANDINSKY. WASSILY 
Oben and links (Above and left) 
5.700,000 
6.000,000 
300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REDON, ODILON 
Poinsettia (La fleur rouge) 
200,000 
500,000 
300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SCHIELE, EGON 
Liegender Weiblicher Akt 
100,000 
400,000 
300.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REDON. ODILON 
L'Araignee qui pleure 
560,000 
850,000 
290.000 
Noel Calb 
DENIS. MAURICE 
Jeunes filles cueillant des fleurs devant la mer 
570.000 
850.000 
280.000 
AP Narrows 
BECKMANN. MAX 
Kasbek (3XJJ4) 
75,000 
350.000 
275.000 
APO-01 
NOGUCHI. ISAMU 
Bindu 
730,000 
1.000,000 
270.000 
Narrows 
GORMLEY. ANTONY 
To• ether and A• art 
80.000 
350.000 
270.000 
2011 LLC 
NEWMAN, BARNETT 
Untitled 
3.250,000 
3.500,000 
250.000 
AP Narrows 
DAVIS. STUART 
Study for Proposed Mural, United Nations Conference Room 3 
50,000 
300.000 
250.000 
AP Narrows 
ROSSETTI, DANTE GABRIEL 
Sir Lancelot in Queen Guinevere's Chamber 
150,000 
400.000 
250.000 
APO-01 
CORNELL. JOSEPH 
Ma. ic Soa • Bubble Set 
5.250.000 
5.500.000 
250.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DAUMIER, HONORE 
Parade de saltimbanques 
1.500,000 
1.750,000 
250.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MIRO, JOAN 
Pastorale 
1.000,000 
1.250,000 
250.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SPRANGER. BARTHOLOMAEUS Adam and Eve 
250,000 
500,000 
250.000 
Noel Calb 
KLEE. PAUL 
Die Schlange 
1.000.000 
1.250.000 
250.000 
Promised 
SAINT-AUBIN. GABRIEL DE 
The Triumph of Pompey [LDB owns 50% of this work. The 
appraised value shown is for the entire work. Details on 
Promised Gifts sheet.] 
200,000 
450,000 
250.000 
AP Narrows 
GORKY. ARSHILE 
Nighttime, Enigma and Nostalgia 
160,000 
400,000 
240.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REDON, ODILON 
La chute de Phaeton 
360,000 
600,000 
240.000 
Page 13 
EFTA00592870
--- PAGE 14 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 71516 
Owner 
, dist 
Title 
Basis 
HRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
_ 
Noel Calb 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Jeune fille a la mantille (Etude pour l'espagnole aux fleurs) 
415.000 
650.000 
235.000 
Noel Calb 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Autoportrait. 1944 (3XJH3) 
270,000 
500,000 
230.000 
AP Narrows 
BRUEGEL THE ELDER, PIETER 
The Rabbit Hunt 
675,000 
900,000 
225.000 
AP Narrows 
MAILLOL, ARISTIDE 
Eve a la pomme 
75.000 
300.000 
225.000 
Noel Calb 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Four Horsemen from: The Apocalypse 
375.000 
600.000 
225.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
TIEPOLO. GIOVANNI BATTISTA 
The Calling of St. Peter 
185.000 
400.000 
215.000 
Narrows 
MONDRIAN. PIET 
Chrysanthemum 
140,000 
350.000 
210.000 
AP Narrows 
BEARDSLEY. AUBREY 
The Achieving of the Sangreal 
175,000 
375,000 
200.000 
AP Narrows 
BLAKE. WILLIAM 
Christ the Mediator: Christ Pleading Before the Father for Saint 
Mary Magdalene 
1.000,000 
1.200,000 
200.000 
AP Narrows 
GAINSBOROUGH. THOMAS 
Study of a Lady, Possibly for the Richmond Water-Walk 
3.000,000 
3.200,000 
200.000 
AP Narrows 
GHEYN II. JACQUES DE 
A bird's eye view of a canal with an arched bridge 
1.400.000 
1,600.000 
200.000 
APO-01 
DOESBURG. THEO VAN 
Compositie 
1.800,000 
2.000,000 
200.000 
APO-01 
WATTEAU. JEAN-ANTOINE 
Feuille deludes: personnages assis au sol de dos. flutiste assis 
de profil a droite. main tenant un eventail fermi, reprise de 
cette main 
400.000 
600.000 
200.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BURNE-JONES. EDWARD 
The Wise and Foolish Virgins 
800,000 
1.000,000 
200.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LELY. PETER 
A standing figure of a gentleman from the Procession of the 
Order of the Garter 
1.800,000 
2.000.000 
200.000 
Noel Calb 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Knight, Death and the Devil 
600,000 
800.000 
200.000 
Noel Calb 
LIOTARD. JEAN-ETIENNE 
Portrait de Jacques de Chapeaurouge 
800.000 
1.000.000 
200.000 
Narrows 
BEARDSLEY. AUBREY 
Lady Gold's Escort (from The Yellow Book Vol. III) 
45,000 
240.000 
195.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele 'grande feuille'. version fine 
15.000 
200.000 
185.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele 'grande feuille'. version fine 
15.000 
200.000 
185.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REDON. ODILON 
Caliban 
325.000 
500,000 
175.000 
Promised 
GERICAULT. THEODORE 
Deux tetes d'orientaux: un mameluck debout 
175,000 
350.000 
175.000 
Narrows 
BOILLY. LOUIS-LEOPOLD 
Preparatory study for 'Le Jeu d'Echecs' 
140,000 
300.000 
160.000 
Narrows 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Bacchus et jeune femme nue 
90.000 
250.000 
160.000 
Page 14 
EFTA00592871
--- PAGE 15 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 71516 
Owner 
Narrows 
_ mist 
MIRO. JOAN 
Title 
Untitled. 1933 
Basis 
540.000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
700.000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
160.000 
(Collateral) 
Noel Calb 
SERRA, RICHARD 
Olson 
540,000 
700,000 
160.000 
AP Narrows 
HARTLEY. MARSDEN 
Calla Lilies 
150.000 
300.000 
150.000 
AP Narrows 
HUGO. VICTOR 
A figure passing in the horizon. a Gothic chapel in the 
foreground 
150,000 
300.000 
150.000 
AP Narrows 
KLIMT. GUSTAV 
Sitzender Akt mit hoher Frisur 
25.000 
175.000 
150.000 
AP Narrows 
MASTER LZS 
The Temptation of Christ 
350,000 
500.000 
150.000 
AP Narrows 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Solid No. 11 
200.000 
350.000 
150.000 
AP Narrows 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Solid No. 3 
200.000 
350.000 
150.000 
APO-01 
ROMANO. GIULIO (GIULIO PIPPI) Bacchus as Autumn 
100,000 
250.000 
150.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. ALBERTO 
Autoportrait 
100,000 
250,000 
150.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DAVID. JACOUES-LOUIS 
Paris et Helene 
450,000 
600,000 
150.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MIRO. JOAN 
Oiseau lunaire 
3.850,000 
4.000.000 
150.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Le singe et le masque 
350.000 
500.000 
150.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SCHAUFELEIN THE ELDER. 
HANS 
A landsknetcht turned to the left carrying a halberd (recto): Two 
studies of coats of arms (verso) 
350.000 
500.000 
150.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. ALBERTO 
Lampe modele 'atoll& (a pair) 
60,000 
200.000 
140.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO 
Lampe hibou (a pair) 
165,000 
300,000 
135.000 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Jan Lutma, Goldsmith 
870,000 
1.000.000 
130.000 
AP Narrows 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Solid No. 13 
220.000 
350.000 
130.000 
Narrows 
SIGNAC. PAUL 
La Salis. Antibes 
45.000 
175.000 
130.000 
Promised 
TIEPOLO. GIOVANNI BATTISTA 
The head of a Moor 
170.000 
300.000 
130.000 
AP Narrows 
DEGAS. EDGAR 
Danseuse mettant son bas 
275,000 
400.000 
125.000 
AP Narrows 
LONG. RICHARD 
Sun Line 
325.000 
450.000 
125.000 
AP Narrows 
TISSOT, JAMES 
La Soeur Ainee 
125,000 
250.000 
125.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO 
Table basse aux caryatides 
175,000 
300.000 
125.000 
APO-01 
BECKMANN. MAX 
The Last Duty of Perseus 
130.000 
250.000 
120.000 
Narrows 
REDON. ODILON 
Satyre 
180,000 
300.000 
120.000 
Page 15 
EFTA00592872
--- PAGE 16 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 71516 
Owner 
APO-01 
AP Narrows 
AVERY. MILTON 
Beach Umbrellas 
17.000 
125.000 
108.000 
Narrows 
DROUAIS. JEAN-GERMAIN 
Marius a Minturnes 
45,000 
150.000 
105.000 
AP Narrows 
BECKMANN. MAX 
Acrobat 
50,000 
150.000 
100.000 
APO-01 
DELACROIX. EUGENE 
Etude de fleurs: marguerites blanches et zinnias 
700.000 
800.000 
100.000 
APO-01 
PIRANESI. GIOVANNI BATTISTA The 'Veduta Interna della porta della Citta the dimonstra tutte 
le Bottege' in Pompei 
900,000 
1.000.000 
100.000 
LDB 
MIERIS. FRANS VAN 
The unwelcome news 
200,000 
300.000 
100.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
BAROCCI. FEDERICO 
Studies of angels and children's heads (recto): Studies of legs 
and angels (verso) 
500,000 
600.000 
100.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GERICAULT. THEODORE 
Episode de la guerre coloniale: noir sur un cheval cabre 
1.400,000 
1.500,000 
100.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Untitled 
3.400,000 
3.500,000 
100.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
VASARI, GIORGIO 
Christ giving the keys to St. Peter 
600,000 
700,000 
100.000 
Noel Calb 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Melancolia I 
800,000 
900,000 
100.000 
Noel Calb 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Saint Eustace 
1.100,000 
1.200,000 
100.000 
Noel Calb 
GROSZ. GEORGE 
L'uomo nuovo 
1.400.000 
1.500.000 
100.000 
Noel Calb 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Wettertannen 
1.400,000 
1.500.000 
100.000 
Noel Calb 
KLEE. PAUL 
Tief-Ebene 
1.900,000 
2.000.000 
100.000 
Narrows 
REDON. ODILON 
Satan dominant le monde 
160.000 
250.000 
90.000 
APO-01 
VASARI. GIORGIO 
Saint Eustace 
315,000 
400.000 
85.000 
AP Narrows 
BECKMANN. MAX 
Selbstbildnis mit steifem Hut 
120.000 
200.000 
80.000 
LDB 
BLAKE. WILLIAM 
Illustrations of the Book of Job (6384687) 
50,000 
130.000 
80.000 
Narrows 
CONSTABLE. JOHN 
A View in Borrowdale 
70,000 
150,000 
80.000 
Narrows 
KHNOPFF. FERNAND 
De animalite 
120.000 
200.000 
80.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DAVID. JACOUES-LOUIS 
The ghost of Septimius Severus appearing to Caracalla, after 
the murder of his brother Geta 
520,000 
600,000 
80.000 
Noel Calb 
KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Diagonal with Curve XVI 
1.670.000 
1.750.000 
80.000 
APO-01 
GROSZ. GEORGE 
Der Fund in der Vorstadt. 'Verwesung' 
325,000 
400,000 
75.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO 
Pedestal a l'oiseau 
325.000 
400.000 
75.000 
Narrows 
KHNOPFF. FERNAND 
Dessin 
75,000 
150.000 
75.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REDON. ODILON 
Le Cube (L'Oeil) 
325.000 
400.000 
75.000 
rtist 
Title 
Etude Dour 'La Coiffure' 
1p
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
rice + sales 
Unrealized 
_ 
Basis 
tax 
Gain/Loss 
PICASSO. PABLO 
590,000 
700.000 
110.000 
Page 16 
EFTA00592873
--- PAGE 17 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7115116 
• 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele 'figure' 
130,000 
200.000 
70.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele 'figure' 
130.000 
200.000 
70.000 
Narrows 
ROSSETTI. DANTE GABRIEL 
Studies for the Head of the Farmer in "Found-
30,000 
100.000 
70.000 
AP Narrows 
BECKMANN. MAX 
Sacre-Coeur 
20.000 
85.000 
65.000 
Noel Calb 
KLEE. PAUL 
GegensAtze Abends (Blau and Orange) 
1,440.000 
1.500.000 
60.000 
Narrows 
ROSSETTI. DANTE GABRIEL 
The Sun May Shine and We Be Cold 
35,000 
90.000 
55.000 
AP Narrows 
AVERY. MILTON 
Man. Rocks and Sea 
50.000 
100.000 
50.000 
AP Narrows 
BLAKE. WILLIAM 
Illustrations of the Book of Job (7N6O6) 
50,000 
100.000 
50.000 
AP Narrows 
BONNARD, PIERRE 
Marthe sur un divan 
300,000 
350,000 
50.000 
AP Narrows 
BRESDIN. RODOLPHE 
A battle scene 
100.000 
150.000 
50.000 
AP Narrows 
BRESDIN. RODOLPHE 
A lion hunt 
100,000 
150.000 
50.000 
AP Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Mon atelier 
35,000 
85.000 
50.000 
APO-01 
RUISDAEL, JACOB ISAACKSZ. 
VAN 
A shepherd and his flock approaching farm buildings among 
trees 
250,000 
300,000 
50.000 
Narrows 
DELACROIX. EUGENE 
Cavalier mamelouk au galop 
150.000 
200.000 
50.000 
Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
La puce 
50,000 
100.000 
50.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO 
Lam e en forme bou eoir a air) 
30,000 
80,000 
50.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Portrait of Elie Faure 
800,000 
850,000 
50.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
REDON. ODILON 
La gloire noyee 
450,000 
500,000 
50.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
RUBENS. SIR PETER PAUL 
Nicodemus 
950,000 
1.000.000 
50.000 
Noel Calb 
COROT, JEAN-BAPTISTE- 
CAMILLE 
Rome, La Vasque de la Villa Medici (La Vasque de l'Academie 
de France) 
550,000 
600.000 
50.000 
Narrows 
DIX, OTTO 
Bautzen VI 
15,000 
60,000 
45.000 
Narrows 
ZIMMERMAN. ELYN 
Stalled Cairn 
80.000 
125.000 
45.000 
AP Narrows 
CLEMENTE. FRANCESCO 
Untitled (Jamaican Watercolor) 
45,000 
85,000 
40.000 
AP Narrows 
DAVIS. STUART 
The Sidelong Glance 
20,000 
60,000 
40.000 
Narrows 
LIN. MAYA 
Wire landscape 
30.000 
70.000 
40.000 
Narrows 
MENZEL. ADOLPH VON 
Studies of a man eating from a bowl 
30,000 
70.000 
40.000 
Narrows 
MILLER. HARLAND 
Love and Other Crimes 
20,000 
60.000 
40.000 
AP Narrows 
DOVE. ARTHUR 
Untitled Centerp•rt V 
25.000 
60.000 
35.000 
AP Narrows 
DUBUFFET. JEAN 
Table au couvert dresse 
90,000 
125,000 
35.000 
AP Narrows 
GROTJAHN. MARK 
Untitled Solid Cream ButterfI Drawin in Two Parts 
315.000 
350.000 
35.000 
Page 17 
EFTA00592874
--- PAGE 18 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Owner 
Hist 
Title 
. 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
I • rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
AP Narrows 
KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 2 - Der Held mit dem Fliktel 
115,000 
150,000 
35.000 
Narrows 
DELACROIX. EUGENE 
Three male nudes 
25.000 
60.000 
35.000 
Narrows 
JORDAENS. JACOB 
Study of a man seen from behind 
315,000 
350.000 
35.000 
AP Narrows 
DONGEN. KEES VAN 
Femme a sa toilette 
55,000 
85.000 
30.000 
AP Narrows 
NOLDE. EMIL 
Junges Paar (3XJHK) 
150.000 
180.000 
30.000 
AP Narrows 
VERWER. JOHANN 
Study of climbing plants on a tree-trunk 
470,000 
500.000 
30.000 
APO-01 
BRESDIN. RODOLPHE 
The exterior of an inn (L'Auberge Normande) 
170.000 
200.000 
30.000 
APO-01 
NOLDE. EMIL 
Der Prophet 
50,000 
80.000 
30.000 
Narrows 
MENZEL. ADOLPH VON 
Hand of a woman holding a cane 
20,000 
50,000 
30.000 
Narrows 
RANSON. PAUL 
Jeune femme a sa toilette 
20.000 
50.000 
30.000 
Noel Calb 
INGRES. JEAN-AUGUSTE- 
DOMINIQUE 
Portrait presume de Gioachino Rossini 
770,000 
800,000 
30.000 
AP Narrows 
BELLOWS. GEORGE WESLEY 
The Pool-Player 
3,500 
30,000 
26.500 
AP Narrows 
LONG. RICHARD 
Cornish Slate Cross 
325.000 
350.000 
25.000 
AP Narrows 
MALEVICH. KAZIMIR 
Composition in Dissolution: Composition 10a 
25.000 
50.000 
25.000 
Narrows 
BOTERO. FERNANDO 
El guitarrista 
10,000 
35.000 
25.000 
Noel Calb 
DAUMIER. HONORE 
La Defense 
325.000 
350.000 
25.000 
AP Narrows 
CHIRINO. MARTIN 
°elegy 
7,000 
30,000 
23.000 
Narrows 
ISABEY. JEAN-BAPTISTE 
Portrait de Talleyrand 
7.000 
30.000 
23.000 
AP Narrows 
MUNCH. EDVARD 
Eifursucht II (grosse Fassung) 
48,000 
70.000 
22.000 
Narrows 
BONHEUR. ROSA RAYMOND 
Study for 'The Horse Fair' 
8,500 
30,000 
21.500 
AP Narrows 
BECKMANN. MAX 
Kasbek (drypoint) (3XJJ3) 
30.000 
50.000 
20.000 
AP Narrows 
BRUEGEL THE ELDER. JAN 
Fishing vessels on a calm sea off a distant promontory 
280.000 
300.000 
20.000 
AP Narrows 
HARTLEY. MARSDEN 
The Fish 
80.000 
100.000 
20.000 
AP Narrows 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Madchen im Raum (Ema) 
230.000 
250.000 
20.000 
AP Narrows 
NOLDE. EMIL 
Junges Paar (3XJHH) 
230.000 
250.000 
20.000 
AP Narrows 
NOLDE. EMIL 
Junges Paar (4D9JL) 
230.000 
250.000 
20.000 
AP Narrows 
VUILLARD. EDOUARD 
Dr. Quiserne 
30.000 
50.000 
20.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MODIGLIANI, AMEDEO 
Caryatide de face, mains derriere la tete 
380,000 
400,000 
20.000 
Narrows 
KAHN. WOLF 
Toward Blue Woods 
4,000 
20,000 
16.000 
AP Narrows 
BOURDELLE. EMILE-ANTOINE 
Heracles archer 
110,000 
125,000 
15.000 
Page 18 
EFTA00592875
--- PAGE 19 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Own:r 
AP Narrows 
COROT. JEAN-BAPTISTE- 
THH 
Vue de Volterra 
85.000 
:FIX 
100.000 
HH:11:LOH: 
15.000 
CAMILLE 
AP Narrows 
DIX, OTTO 
Marry. auf einem Stuhl sitzender weiblicher Akt 
110,000 
125,000 
15.000 
AP Narrows 
KUBIN. ALFRED 
Untitled Forwards 
70.000 
85.000 
15.000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI. REZA 
Dark Soil I (from Sand Painting Series) 
10,000 
25,000 
15.000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI. REZA 
Dark Soil II (from Sand Painting Series) 
10,000 
25.000 
15.000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI. REZA 
Dark Soil III (from Sand Painting Series) 
10.000 
25.000 
15.000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI. REZA 
Dark Soil IV (from Sand Painting Series) 
10,000 
25.000 
15.000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI. REZA 
Dark Soil V (from Sand Painting Series) 
10,000 
25.000 
15.000 
Narrows 
VON STUCK. FRANZ 
Steam Power 
6.500 
20.000 
13.500 
APO-01 
KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 10 - Drohendes Haupt 
69,000 
80,000 
11.000 
AP Narrows 
BECKMANN. MAX 
In der Trambahn 
5.000 
15.000 
10.000 
AP Narrows 
BECKMANN. MAX 
Schlangendame. from: Der Jahrmarket 
5,000 
15.000 
10.000 
AP Narrows 
GAINSBOROUGH. THOMAS 
Wooded landscape with figures outside a cottage 
190,000 
200,000 
10.000 
AP Narrows 
VUILLARD. EDOUARD 
Le Mannequin 
60.000 
70.000 
10.000 
LDB 
GHEYN II, JACQUES DE 
Marcus Curtius Leaping on Horseback into the Abyss (recto); 
Further studies of the same (verso) 
60,000 
70,000 
10.000 
LDB 
GOLTZIUS, HENDRICK 
Mars and Venus (recto): Two female nudes, with cupid and a 
vase (verso) 
240,000 
250,000 
10.000 
Narrows 
BERNARD. EMILE 
Deux femmes 
2.500 
12.500 
10.000 
Narrows 
BRESDIN. RODOLPHE 
Le Bon Samaritain 
90,000 
100.000 
10.000 
Narrows 
GORMLEY. ANTONY 
Base 
2,500 
12.500 
10.000 
Narrows 
GORMLEY. ANTONY 
Home of the Heart IV 
2.500 
12.500 
10.000 
Narrows 
GORMLEY. ANTONY 
Sense 
2,500 
12.500 
10.000 
Narrows 
KAHN. WOLF 
Late Fall Haze 
20.000 
30.000 
10.000 
APO-01 
HECKEL. ERICH 
Schlafender Matrose (Sleeping Sailor) 
27,000 
35.000 
8.000 
Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Le combat des demons (Diables rossant anges et archanges) 
2,000 
10.000 
8.000 
AP Narrows 
BELLOWS. GEORGE WESLEY 
Old Billiard Player 
2.500 
10.000 
7.500 
Narrows 
GRAHAM. JOHN 
Horse and Rider 
5.000 
12.500 
7.500 
Narrows 
NOLDE. EMIL 
Salomo and seine Frauen 
4.500 
12.000 
7.500 
Narrows 
BOLOTOWSKY. ILYA 
Untitled. 1973 (4GXK2) 
1.500 
7.000 
5.500 
AP Narrows 
BECKMANN, MAX 
Fastnacht 
5,000 
10,000 
5.000 
AP Narrows 
BOILLY. LOUIS-LEOPOLD 
La artie de cartes 
15.000 
20.000 
5.000 
Page 19 
EFTA00592876
--- PAGE 20 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Owner 
AP Narrows 
rtist 
BURNE-JONES. EDWARD 
Title 
. 
Sir Galahad 
Basis 
245,000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
I • rice + sales 
tax 
250.000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
5.000 
AP Narrows 
GILLOT. CLAUDE 
Celebration in honor of the god Pan 
215.000 
220.000 
5.000 
AP Narrows 
KUBIN. ALFRED 
Spielender Knabe 
80,000 
85.000 
5.000 
APO-01 
KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 4 - Komiker 
75,000 
80.000 
5.000 
Narrows 
DELACROIX. EUGENE 
Recontre de cavaliers Maures 
5.000 
10.000 
5.000 
Narrows 
DENIS. MAURICE 
Maternite aux cypres 
5,000 
10.000 
5.000 
Narrows 
KAHN. WOLF 
Evening Light 
5.000 
10.000 
5.000 
Narrows 
MAILLOL. ARISTIDE 
Modele nu de dos 
20.000 
25.000 
5.000 
Narrows 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Deux femmes batifolant sur un matelas de plage, Series 347. 
Plate 285 
3.000 
8.000 
5.000 
Narrows 
RIVERA. DIEGO 
Cabeza de una tehuana (Retrato de juchiteca) 
35,000 
40,000 
5.000 
Narrows 
SAINT-AUBIN. GABRIEL DE 
Victory of Tarquin over the Sabines and Etruscans 
25.000 
30.000 
5.000 
AP Narrows 
AVERY. MILTON 
Birds and Sea 
4,000 
8.000 
4.000 
Narrows 
CRAWFORD, ELIZABETH 
The Great Game 
1,000 
4,500 
3.500 
AP Narrows 
BARYE. ANTOINE-LOUIS 
Lion qui marche 
5.000 
8.000 
3.000 
AP Narrows 
BARYE. ANTOINE-LOUIS 
Tigre qui marche 
5,000 
8,000 
3.000 
AP Narrows 
BECKMANN, MAX 
Vor dem Auftritt (Akrobate) 
3,000 
6,000 
3.000 
Narrows 
ELIZONDO. ARTURO 
Ardores clandestinos 
4.000 
7.000 
3.000 
Narrows 
KAHN. WOLF 
Barn in Fog 
1,000 
4,000 
3.000 
Narrows 
KAHN. WOLF 
Returning to Harbor (in Martha's Vineyard) 
2.000 
4.000 
2.000 
AP Narrows 
AVERY. MILTON 
Nude Meditating 
1.200 
3.000 
1,800 
AP Narrows 
AVERY. MILTON 
Striped Drape 
2,200 
4.000 
1,800 
AP Narrows 
AVERY. MILTON 
Two Nudes 
1.500 
3.000 
1.500 
Narrows 
HARTLEY, MARSDEN 
Twisted Roots (Tree Study) 
7,000 
8.500 
1.500 
Narrows 
RUSKIN, JOHN 
Spur of Piazzetta Shaft, Venice 
6,500 
8,000 
1.500 
AP Narrows 
AVERY. MILTON 
Head of a Man 
250 
1.500 
1.250 
AP Narrows 
BASKIN. LEONARD 
Dutch Artist 
1,500 
2,500 
1.000 
AP Narrows 
DERAIN. ANDRE 
Femme nue 
2,000 
3,000 
1.000 
Narrows 
CAVALLON. GIORGIO 
Untitled. 1950 (3XJKF) 
8.000 
9.000 
1.000 
Narrows 
CAVALLON. GIORGIO 
Untitled. 1950 (3XJKG) 
8.000 
9.000 
1.000 
Narrows 
CAVALLON. GIORGIO 
Untitled. 1951 (3Y47P) 
8.000 
9.000 
1,000 
Narrows 
DINE. JIM 
Self-Portrait Head 
1.200 
2.000 
800 
Children 
SHIRAZ SCHOOL (LATE 16TH 
CENTURY) 
A feast in a garden: Illustration from a poetic manuscript 
1.200 
1.750 
550 
Page 20 
EFTA00592877
--- PAGE 21 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Owner 
rtist 
Title 
. 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
• rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Children 
ISFAHAN SCHOOL (MID-17TH 
CENTURY) 
Khusraw while hunting with his falcon encounters Shirin: 
Illustration from a manuscript. probably a Khamsch of Nizami 
1,200 
1,250 
2011 LLC 
BLAKE. WILLIAM 
The Parable of the Wise and Foolish Virgins 
2.500.000 
2,500.000 
2011 LLC 
CEZANNE. PAUL 
Bouteilles. Pots. Rechaud a Alcoa. Pommes (purchase in 
progress - part of a 1031 exchange) 
50.000,000 
50.000.000 
AP Narrows 
ASPERTINI. AMICO 
(ATTRIBUTED TO) 
Allegory with Adam and Eve expelled from Paradise' 
15,000 
15,000 
AP Narrows 
BARYE. ANTOINE-LOUIS 
Guerrier tartare arretant son cheval 
10.000 
10.000 
AP Narrows 
BARYE. ANTOINE-LOUIS 
Thesee combattant le centaur Bienor (esquisse) 
10,000 
10.000 
AP Narrows 
BOILLY. LOUIS-LEOPOLD 
La parke de dames 
20,000 
20.000 
AP Narrows 
BOURGEOIS. LOUISE 
I do 
10.888 
10.888 
AP Narrows 
BURGKMAIR. HANS 
Lovers Surprised by Death (7HWG8)* 
1.000,000 
1.000,000 
AP Narrows 
BURGKMAIR. HANS 
Lovers Su • ised b Death 7HWG9 • 
800.000 
800.000 
AP Narrows 
CAMPAGNOLA. GIULIO & 
DOMENICO 
Three Shepherds and a Shepherdess in a Landscape' 
100,000 
100,000 
AP Narrows 
CEZANNE. PAUL 
Portrait de Vatlier de Profit (purchase in progress - part of a 
1031 exchan. e) 
30.000,000 
30.000,000 
AP Narrows 
CONSTABLE. JOHN 
Cloud Study 
400.000 
400.000 
AP Narrows 
CRABBE VAN ESPLEGHEM. 
FRANS 
Saint John the Baptist preaching' 
15,000 
15,000 
AP Narrows 
DAVIS. STUART 
Woman Standing in the Alley (Hoboken Series) 
20,000 
20,000 
AP Narrows 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
A Kni•ht on Horseback and Lans• uener 
70,000 
70,000 
AP Narrows 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Hercules and the Molionide Twins' 
50.000 
50.000 
AP Narrows 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Hierinn sind begriffen vier bucher von menschilcher proportion 
140,000 
140,000 
AP Narrows 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Saint Jerome in Penitence' 
80,000 
80,000 
AP Narrows 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Adoration of the Ma• it 
60,000 
60,000 
AP Narrows 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Holy Family with a Butterfly 
80.000 
80.000 
AP Narrows 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Martyrdom of Saint Catherine' 
60,000 
60.000 
AP Narrows 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Rhinoceros 
1.200,000 
1.200.000 
AP Narrows 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Sea Monster' 
120.000 
120.000 
AP Narrows 
DUVET. JEAN 
Saint Sebastian between Saints Anthony and Roch' 
80,000 
80.000 
AP Narrows 
DUVET. JEAN 
The King pursued by a Unicorn' 
120,000 
120,000 
Page 21 
EFTA00592878
--- PAGE 22 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Owner 
AP Narrows 
Hist 
GALLE. PHILIPS (AFTER PIETER 
Title 
The Parable of the Wise and Foolish Virgins' 
Basis 
HRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
_ 
8.000 
8.000 
BRUEGEL THE ELDER) 
AP Narrows 
GAUGUIN. PAUL 
Oviri 
230.000 
230.000 
AP Narrows 
GERICAULT. THEODORE 
Study for the father in the Raft of the Medusa (recto); Two 
Studies for the figure seated at the foot of the mast (verso) 
700,000 
700,000 
AP Narrows 
GHEYN II, JACQUES DE 
A large beech, partly in leaf 
2.000,000 
2.000,000 
AP Narrows 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
La Taurom • uia 
1.100.000 
1.100.000 
AP Narrows 
HEYDEN, PIETER VAN DER, 
AFTER HIERONYMUS BOSCH 
The Ship of Fools, or: Die blau Schuyte' 
90,000 
90,000 
AP Narrows 
HEYDEN, PIETER VAN DER, 
AFTER PIETER BRUEGEL THE 
ELDER 
The Last Judgment' 
20.000 
20,000 
AP Narrows 
HEYDEN, PIETER VAN DER. 
AFTER PIETER BRUEGEL THE 
ELDER 
The Wedding of Mopsus and Nisa, or: The Dirty Bride' 
60,000 
60.000 
AP Narrows 
JORDAENS. JACOB 
The head of a piper: study for 'As the Old Sang, So the Young 
Pipe-
200,000 
200,000 
AP Narrows 
KAPOOR. ANISH 
Fold I 
90.000 
90.000 
AP Narrows 
KAPOOR, ANISH 
Fold III 
90,000 
90,000 
AP Narrows 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Tanzerin mit gehobenem Rock 
100,000 
100,000 
AP Narrows 
LEYDEN. LUCAS VAN 
Susanna and the Elders' 
100.000 
100.000 
AP Narrows 
LEYDEN. LUCAS VAN 
The Fall of Man (6363305)' 
2,000 
2,000 
AP Narrows 
LEYDEN. LUCAS VAN 
The Fall of Man (6363306)' 
120.000 
120.000 
AP Narrows 
LONGO. ROBERT 
Untitled (After A.R.2) 
35.000 
35.000 
AP Narrows 
MASTER ES 
An Oblong Ornamental Panel with Women Fighting for 
Breeches' 
700,000 
700,000 
AP Narrows 
MASTER ES 
The Madonna and Child on a Grassy Bench between Saints 
Barbara and Dorothy (the Small Hortus Conclusus)' 
200,000 
200,000 
AP Narrows 
NORTHERN ITALIAN SCHOOL 
(15TH CENTURY) 
Saint Nicholas of Myra' 
100.000 
100.000 
AP Narrows 
OAKES, TREVOR AND RYAN 
Have no Narrow Perspectives: The Bean 
180,000 
180.000 
Page 22 
EFTA00592879
--- PAGE 23 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Owner 
AP Narrows 
rtist 
OAKES. TREVOR AND RYAN 
Title 
Kelly's Slough. North Dakota. Early Spring (Snow Melting) 
Basis 
130.000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
130.000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
AP Narrows 
OAKES, TREVOR AND RYAN 
Ocean Texture 5 (Blue White) 
30,000 
30,000 
AP Narrows 
ORSI. LELIO (ATTRIBUTED TO) 
Jonas rejected by the whale 
40,000 
40,000 
AP Narrows 
REDON. ODILON 
A Edgar Poe (7VY99) 
215.000 
215.000 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Abraham Francen, Apothecary' 
250,000 
250,000 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Bearded Man in a Velvet Cap with a Jewel Clasp' 
60,000 
60,000 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Ephraim Bonus. Jewish Physician' 
150,000 
150,000 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Jews in the Synogogue' 
60,000 
60.000 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Jupiter and Antiope' 
500.000 
500.000 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Saint Jerome in an Italianate Landscape' 
800.000 
800.000 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Entombment' 
750,000 
750,000 
AP Narrows 
SCHIELE. EGON 
Selbstportrat als heiliger Sebastian 
3.500,000 
3.500,000 
AP Narrows 
SCHONGAUER. MARTIN 
A Foolish Virgin. Half Length' 
900,000 
900.000 
AP Narrows 
SCHONGAUER. MARTIN 
The Crucifixtion with Four Angels 
1.000.000 
1.000.000 
AP Narrows 
SCHONGAUER. MARTIN 
The Flight into Egypt' 
250,000 
250.000 
AP Narrows 
SCHONGAUER. MARTIN 
The Nativity' 
400.000 
400.000 
AP Narrows 
SCHONGAUER. MARTIN 
The Road to Calvary' 
200,000 
200,000 
AP Narrows 
SOUTH GERMAN SCHOOL 
The Nativity' 
400,000 
400,000 
AP Narrows 
VAN DYCK. SIR ANTHONY 
Adam van Nood' 
50.000 
50.000 
AP Narrows 
VAN DYCK, SIR ANTHONY 
Frans Franken the Elder' 
40,000 
40,000 
AP Narrows 
VAN DYCK, SIR ANTHONY 
Frans Snyders' 
40,000 
40,000 
AP Narrows 
VAN DYCK. SIR ANTHONY 
Jan Brueghel the Elder' 
50.000 
50.000 
AP Narrows 
VAN DYCK. SIR ANTHONY 
Jan de Wael• 
40,000 
40.000 
AP Narrows 
VAN DYCK. SIR ANTHONY 
Jan Snellinck' 
35,000 
35.000 
AP Narrows 
VAN DYCK. SIR ANTHONY 
Joos de Momper' 
40.000 
40.000 
AP Narrows 
VAN DYCK. SIR ANTHONY 
Justus Sustermans' 
50,000 
50.000 
Page 23 
EFTA00592880
--- PAGE 24 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Owner 
Hist 
Title 
. 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
I • rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
AP Narrows 
VAN DYCK. SIR ANTHONY 
Lucas Vorsterman' 
40,000 
40,000 
AP Narrows 
VAN DYCK. SIR ANTHONY 
Paul de Vos' 
40.000 
40.000 
AP Narrows 
VAN DYCK. SIR ANTHONY 
Philippe le Roy' 
40,000 
40.000 
AP Narrows 
VAN DYCK. SIR ANTHONY 
Pieter Brueghel the Younger' 
50,000 
50.000 
AP Narrows 
VAN DYCK. SIR ANTHONY 
Self Portrait' 
80.000 
80.000 
AP Narrows 
VAN DYCK. SIR ANTHONY 
Willem de Vos' 
40,000 
40.000 
APO-01 
BRUEGEL THE ELDER. PIETER 
Wooded landscape with Travelers 
10.000,000 
10.000.000 
APO-01 
DALI. SALVADOR 
The Ants (Las Hormigas) 
1.000,000 
1.000.000 
APO-01 
DELACROIX. EUGENE 
A bound sketchbook of scenes from Morocco 
1.800.000 
1.800.000 
APO-01 
DESPREZ. JEAN-LOUIS 
La Chimere de Monsieur Desprez 
100,000 
100,000 
APO-01 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Samson rendin• the Lion 
700.000 
700.000 
APO-01 
FRAGONARD. JEAN-HONORE 
Portrait of Francois-Henri, 5th duc d'Harcourt. half-length and 
looking over his shoulder to the left 
30.000,000 
30.000,000 
APO-01 
KLEE. PAUL 
Drei sanfte Narrenworte (The Three Gentle Words of a Fool) 
500,000 
500,000 
APO-01 
KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 3 - Jungfrau in Baum 
150.000 
150.000 
APO-01 
PENONE. GUISEPPE 
Pella del monte 
225.000 
225.000 
APO-01 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Les trois graces (sold February 2016) 
245.000 
245.000 
APO-01 
REDON. ODILON 
Deux personnages dans un paysage rocheux 
82.000 
82.000 
APO-01 
RUBENS. SIR PETER PAUL 
Meleager and Atalanta hunting the Boar 
6.000,000 
6.000.000 
APO-01 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Ramble 4-3 
245,000 
245.000 
APO-01 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Ramble 4-4 
245.000 
245.000 
Children 
AVERY. MILTON 
Orange Rocks' 
400.000 
400.000 
Children 
AVERY. MILTON 
Sentinels' 
300.000 
300.000 
Children 
BASKIN. LEONARD 
Seated Birdman' 
7,000 
7,000 
Children 
BOLOTOWSKY. ILYA 
Double Column' 
15,000 
15,000 
Children 
BOLOTOWSKY. ILYA 
Untitled. 1966 (4GWYK)' 
17.500 
17.500 
Children 
KOONING. WILLEM DE 
Untitled' 
125,000 
125.000 
Children 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Nu assis' 
1.000,000 
1.000.000 
LDB 
ALDEGREVER. HEINRICH 
Self-portrait aged 35' 
35.000 
35.000 
LDB 
ALTDORFER. ALBRECHT 
The Holy Family at the Fountain' 
60,000 
60,000 
LDB 
ANDREANI. ANDREA (AFTER 
ANDREA MANTEGNA) 
The Triumph of Julius Caesar' 
50,000 
50,000 
Page 24 
EFTA00592881
--- PAGE 25 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 71516 
• caner 
, rtist 
Title 
_ 
Basis 
HRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
LDB 
ASSELIJN. JAN 
Preparatory study for the famous print series depicting Rome of 
G. Perelie no. 4 (from Paul Russell) 
330.000 
330.000 
LDB 
AVERCAMP. HENDRIK 
Ice Scene (from Paul Russell) 
1.377,000 
1.377,000 
LDB 
AVERCAMP. HENDRIK 
Vessls off the shore, a Gallows in the middle distance and the 
City of Amsterdam beyond (from Paul Russell) 
1.100,000 
1.100,000 
LDB 
BALDUNG. HANS 
Adam and Eve' 
20.000 
20.000 
LDB 
BALDUNG. HANS 
St. Sebastian 
245.000 
245.000 
LDB 
BEERSTRATEN. JAN 
ABRAHAMSZ 
Untitled (from Paul Russell) 
330.000 
330.000 
LDB 
BEHAM. BARTHEL 
The Madonna by the Window' 
80,000 
80.000 
LDB 
BEHAM. HANS SEBALD 
The Lovers' 
80,000 
80.000 
LDB 
BERNINI, GIOVANNI LORENZO 
Portrait of Ottaviano Castelli 
250,000 
250,000 
LDB 
BLOEMAERT. ABRAHAM 
Head and arm studies of young men (recto): A draped figure 
wearing a mitre (verso) 
400,000 
400,000 
LDB 
BOL. FERDINAND 
A View on Dordrecht (from Paul Russell) 
551.000 
551.000 
LDB 
BORCH, GERARD TER 
Study of the head of a young man (from Paul Russell) 
220,000 
220,000 
LDB 
BOSSCHAERT, AMBROSIUS 
Untitled (from Paul Russell) 
220,000 
220.000 
LDB 
BOTH. JAN 
Study of a man holding a basket (from Paul Russell) 
193.000 
193.000 
LDB 
BURGKMAIR. HANS 
Lovers Surprised by Death (6406290) 
650,000 
650.000 
LDB 
BURGKMAIR. HANS 
The Apocalypse' 
40,000 
40.000 
LDB 
BURGKMAIR. HANS 
Wie de jung weiss kunig' 
25.000 
25.000 
LDB 
CALDER. ALEXANDER 
Jenny Sargent McKean 
1.090,000 
1.090,000 
LDB 
CALDER. ALEXANDER 
Untitled (6350654)' 
3.000 
3.000 
LDB 
CARRACCI, ANNIBALE 
Venus and a Satyr* 
12,000 
12,000 
LDB 
Collectibles 
"A Day in the Life" lyrics 
1.310,000 
1.310,000 
LDB 
Collectibles 
Beatles Rickenbacker guitar 
660.000 
660.000 
LDB 
Collectibles 
Godfather script 
20,000 
20,000 
LDB 
Collectibles 
John Lennon's Gibson acoustic guitar 
2.615,000 
2.615,000 
LDB 
CRANACH THE ELDER, LUCAS 
Marcus Curtius Plunging into the Chasm' 
15,000 
15,000 
LDB 
CRANACH THE ELDER, LUCAS 
Saxon Prince on a Boar Hunt' 
30,000 
30,000 
LDB 
CRANACH THE ELDER. LUCAS 
The Sermon of Saint John the Baptist' 
30.000 
30.000 
Page 25 
EFTA00592882
--- PAGE 26 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 71516 
Owner 
.Artist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
LDB 
CUYP. ALBERT 
Cow (from Paul Russell) 
385,000 
385.000 
LDB 
CUYP, ALBERT 
Preparatory study for Albert Cuyp painting in Dulwich College, 
England (from Paul Russell 
3.085,000 
3.085,000 
LDB 
DOOMER. LAMBERT 
Farmhouse near Nantes (from Paul Russell) 
220.000 
220.000 
LDB 
DOOMER, LAMBERT 
Landscape near Arnhem. the Netherlands (from Paul Russell) 
250,000 
250,000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Coat of Arms with a Cock' 
70.000 
70.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Hercules. or The Effects of Jealousy' 
150,000 
150.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Saint Jerome in his Cell' 
60.000 
60.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Dream of the Doctor 
218,000 
218.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Engraved Passion' 
200,000 
200,000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Holy Family with Saints Joachim and Anna under a Tree' 
40,000 
40,000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Madonna and Child on a Crescent Moon' 
50.000 
50.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Nativity' 
200,000 
200,000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Ravisher' 
180,000 
180,000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Sudarium held by two Angels' 
60.000 
60.000 
LDB 
GALLE. PHILIPS (AFTER PIETER 
BRUEGEL THE ELDER) 
The Alchemist' 
50,000 
50,000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL (15TH 
CENTURY) 
Adam and Eve: St. Sebastian' 
40.000 
40.000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL (15TH 
CENTURY) 
Saint Christopher' 
350,000 
350,000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL (15TH 
CENTURY) 
The Adoration of the Magi' 
30,000 
30,000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL (15TH 
CENTURY) 
The Temptation of Christ' 
40,000 
40,000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL (15TH 
CENTURY) 
The Virgin and Child on a Crescent Moon' 
180,000 
180,000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL (15TH 
CENTURY) 
The Virgin with Child holding a Flower' 
40,000 
40,000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL (15TH 
CENTURY) 
Woman with a Rose. a Banderole and a Lap Dog' 
30,000 
30,000 
Page 26 
EFTA00592883
--- PAGE 27 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
wner 
 rtist 
Title 
_ 
Basis 
HRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
LDB 
GHEYN. JACQUES DE 
Studies of a woman (recto): Studies of hands (verso) (from Paul 
Russell) 
825.000 
825.000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele Ifeuille-
200,000 
200,000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele 'osselet'. deuxieme version' 
200.000 
200.000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI, DIEGO 
Console avec deux crapauds et deux moineaux run avec les 
ailes deployees* 
600,000 
600,000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO 
Crapaud (sitting on the above console table)' 
15.000 
15.000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO 
Fauteuil aux tales de lionnes. seconde version. pieds anterieurs 
en griffes et lions (a pair)' 
150,000 
150.000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO 
Fauteuil aux totes de lionnes, seconde version, pieds anterieurs 
en griffes et lions (a pair)' 
150,000 
150,000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO 
Table a oiseau et coupelle' 
400,000 
400.000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO 
Table carcasse basse avec harpie' 
150,000 
150.000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO 
Table feuilles aux oiseaux et grenouilles' 
300.000 
300.000 
LDB 
GILLOT. CLAUDE 
Le tombeau de Maitre Andre 
153,000 
153.000 
LDB 
GOLTZIUS. HENDRIK 
Goats (recto and verso) (from Paul Russell) 
551,000 
551.000 
LDB 
GRAF. URS 
Passio domini nostri Jesu Christi - Die Figuren der Passion 
oder des Leidens Christi' 
25,000 
25,000 
LDB 
GREUZE. JEAN-BAPTISTE 
Portrait of a young gentleman 
450.000 
450.000 
LDB 
HAARLEM. CORNELIS VAN 
Studies of Figures for a Representation of the Flood (The 
Flood, recto: Studies of figures. verso) (from Paul Russell) 
606,000 
606,000 
LDB 
HIRSCHVOGEL. AUGUSTIN 
Castle Yard' 
60,000 
60.000 
LDB 
HIRSCHVOGEL. AUGUSTIN 
Landscape with a Church' 
40.000 
40.000 
LDB 
HOOGSTRATEN, SAMUEL VAN 
John the Baptist in prison receives Christ's answer (Matthew II: 
2-6) (from Paul Russell) 
193,000 
193,000 
LDB 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Steigendes Pferd mit Reiter 
147,000 
147,000 
LDB 
KONINCK. PHILIPS 
View of Zijpe (from Paul Russell) 
716,000 
716,000 
LDB 
LAUTENSACK. HANNS SEBALD 
Landscape with a Fortress and a big Stairway' 
70,000 
70,000 
LDB 
LIEVENS. JAN 
Portrait, probably of the well-known poet Joost van den Vondel 
(from Paul Russell) 
551,000 
551,000 
Page 27 
EFTA00592884
--- PAGE 28 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Owner 
 Hist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
LDB 
LOWER RHENISH OR FLEMISH 
SCHOOL (15TH CENTURY) 
A Letter of Indulgence: Christ as the Man of Sorrows standing 
in the Tomb, with the instruments of the Passion, behind Him at 
left Saint Bernhard of Clairvaux. at right an unidentified Bishop' 
60,000 
60,000 
LDB 
MAES. NICOLAES 
Figure studies (from Paul Russell) 
193,000 
193,000 
LDB 
MAES. NICOLAES 
Study of Hamar pleading with Esther (from Paul Russell) 
193,000 
193.000 
LDB 
MAES. NICOLAS 
A View on Dordrecht (from Paul Russell) 
496,000 
496.000 
LDB 
MASTER BXG 
Saint Anthony visiting Saint Paul the Hermit' 
200.000 
200.000 
LDB 
MASTER M.Z. 
Aristotle and Phyllis' 
40,000 
40.000 
LDB 
MASTER M.Z. 
The Embrace' 
30,000 
30,000 
LDB 
MASTER OF THE AACHEN 
MADONNA 
The Man of Sorrows standing with Symbols of the Passion' 
150,000 
150,000 
LDB 
MASTER OF THE DUTUIT 
MOUNT OF OLIVES 
The Agony in the Garden' 
40,000 
40,000 
LDB 
MASTER OF THE MARTYRDOM 
OF THE TEN THOUSAND 
Christ and the Woman of Samaria' 
40,000 
40,000 
LDB 
MECKENEM. ISRAHEL VAN 
An upright ornamental Panel with scrolling Foliage and eight 
naked Figures' 
180,000 
180,000 
LDB 
MECKENEM. ISRAHEL VAN 
Ornament with Morris Dancers' 
250.000 
250.000 
LDB 
MECKENEM. ISRAHEL VAN 
Ornament with seated Lovers. Birds and Beasts' 
200,000 
200.000 
LDB 
MECKENEM. ISRAHEL VAN 
The Couple Seated on the Bed' 
100,000 
100.000 
LDB 
MECKENEM. ISRAHEL VAN 
The Dance at the Court of King Herod' 
150.000 
150.000 
LDB 
MECKENEM. ISRAHEL VAN 
The Life of the Virgin' 
400,000 
400.000 
LDB 
MECKENEM. ISRAHEL VAN 
The Lutenist and the Ha • sr 
80.000 
80.000 
LDB 
MECKENEM. ISRAHEL VAN 
The Organ Player and his Wife' 
40,000 
40.000 
LDB 
MUNIZ. VIK 
Ha. • View 
11,000 
11,000 
LDB 
NESHAT. SHIRIN 
Untitled (Hands)' 
6.000 
6.000 
LDB 
ORSI. LELIO 
Apollo and Marsyas 
833.000 
833.000 
LDB 
OSTADE. ADRIAEN VAN 
Untitled (from Paul Russell) 
936.000 
936.000 
LDB 
PIJNACKER. ADAM 
Bridge in an Italianate landscape (from Paul Russell) 
275.000 
275.000 
LDB 
POBLET. MABEL 
Acompanada (Accompanied) 
2.700 
2.700 
LDB 
POBLET, MABEL 
Susurro (Whisper) 
4.900 
4.900 
LDB 
POBLET. MABEL 
Susurro II (Whisper II) 
1.100 
1.100 
Page 28 
EFTA00592885
--- PAGE 29 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
•wner 
, mist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
LDB 
POLIDORO DA CARAVAGGIO 
The Virgin Mary and the Holy Women 
300,000 
300.000 
LDB 
POTTER. PAULUS 
A bull (from Paul Russell) 
165.000 
165.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Adam and Eve' 
70,000 
70,000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Christ at Emmaus: the Larger Plate' 
250,000 
250,000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Christ driving the Money Changers from the Temple' 
50,000 
50,000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Farmhouse (from Paul Russell) 
11.000,000 
11.000,000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Jan Cornelis Sylvius, Preacher' 
30,000 
30,000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Josef pulled out of the well by his brothers (from Paul Russell) 
5.000,000 
5.000.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Adoration of the Shepherds with the Lamp' 
180.000 
180.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Agony in the Garden' 
350,000 
350.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Descent from the Cross by Torchlight' 
120,000 
120.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Goldsmith' 
30,000 
30,000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Little Jewish Bride (Saskia as Saint Catherine)' 
75,000 
75.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Triumph of Mordecai' 
100,000 
100,000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Virgin and Child with the Cat and Snake' 
100,000 
100,000 
LDB 
ROGHMAN. ROELANDT 
Castle of Kapelle (from Paul Russell) 
165.000 
165.000 
LDB 
RUBENS, SIR PETER PAUL 
Two nude men dragged down by demons and lifted up by three 
partly robed figures. after Michelangelo 
2.000,000 
2.000.000 
LDB 
RUYSDAEL. JACOB VAN 
Panoramic view of Wageningen (recto); Sketch of a river 
landscape with boats (verso) (from Paul Russell) 
716,000 
716,000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD. URSULA VON 
Sunrises Thin Rays. GL10463 
14.000 
14.000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD. URSULA VON 
Untitled 
558,000 
558.000 
Page 29 
EFTA00592886
--- PAGE 30 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
wner 
 rfist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
I • rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD. URSULA VON 
Untitled. GL 10213 
14.000 
14,000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD. URSULA VON 
Untitled. GL 10267 
14.000 
14.000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD. URSULA VON 
Untitled. GL10214 
14,000 
14.000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD. URSULA VON 
Untitled. GL10462 
14,000 
14.000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD. URSULA VON 
Untitled. GL10464 
14.000 
14.000 
LDB 
SAINT-AUBIN. GABRIEL DE 
L'Incendie de l'Hotel-Dieu 
462,000 
462.000 
LDB 
SAMARAS. LUCAS 
Box 44 
644.000 
644.000 
LDB 
SCHONGAUER. MARTIN 
Saint John on Patmos' 
350,000 
350.000 
LDB 
SCHONGAUER. MARTIN 
The Coronation of the Virgin' 
400,000 
400,000 
LDB 
SCHONGAUER. MARTIN 
The Dormition of the Virgin 
436.000 
436.000 
LDB 
SCHONGAUER. MARTIN 
The Wise and Foolish Virgins' 
1.200,000 
1.200.000 
LDB 
SERRA. RICHARD 
London Cross (purchase in progress: $1.6 million paid to date) 
8.600,000 
8.600.000 
LDB 
STRUTH. THOMAS 
The Black Famil ' 
225,000 
225,000 
LDB 
VELDE. ADRIAEN VAN DE 
Two female nudes (from Paul Russell) 
441.000 
441.000 
LDB 
VELDE, JAN VAN DE 
Landscape (from Paul Russell) 
385,000 
385.000 
LDB 
VENNE. ADRIAEN PIETERSZ 
VAN DE 
Couple (from Paul Russell) 
330.000 
330.000 
LDB 
VISSCHER. CORNELIS 
Moor with an Arrow (from Paul Russell) 
330,000 
330.000 
LDB 
WIERINGEN. CORNELIS 
CLAESZ. VAN 
Seascape (from Pauk Russell) 
300,000 
300,000 
Narrows 
AVERY. MILTON 
Dark Trees. Pale Mountain' 
15.000 
15,000 
Narrows 
BARYE. ANTOINE-LOUIS 
Lion Marchant (6360902)' 
10.000 
10.000 
Narrows 
BELLOWS. GEORGE WESLEY 
Nude Reclining' 
15.000 
15.000 
Narrows 
BONNARD. PIERRE 
Nature mode aux fruits 
70,000 
70.000 
Narrows 
CHUN. KWANG YOUNG 
Aggregation 05-F011* 
125,000 
125.000 
Narrows 
CHUN. KWANG YOUNG 
Aggregation 05-J003' 
125.000 
125.000 
Narrows 
CORBETT. EDWARD 
Untitled' 
4,500 
4.500 
Narrows 
CORBETT. EDWARD 
Washington. DC 1970' 
8.000 
8.000 
Narrows 
CORBETT. EDWARD 
Washington. DC April 1965414' 
8,000 
8.000 
Narrows 
CUEVAS. JOSE LUIS 
Self-portrait like Rimbaud in Charenton' 
4,000 
4,000 
Narrows 
DAVID. JACOUES-LOUIS_ 
Portrait dun revolutionnaire de profil gauche 
250.000 
250.000 
Narrows 
DERAIN. ANDRE 
Cheval• 
40,000 
40,000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI. REZA 
Black Figs' 
125,000 
125,000 
Page 30 
EFTA00592887
--- PAGE 31 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 71516 
Owner 
_ mist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Narrows 
ERNST. JIMMY 
Into Night' 
12.500 
12,500 
Narrows 
ERNST. JIMMY 
Landscape Variation no. 6' 
1.000 
1.000 
Narrows 
ERNST. MAX 
Hibou-Arlequint 
3.500 
3,500 
Narrows 
ERNST. MAX 
Masques' 
5.000 
5.000 
Narrows 
ERNST. MAX 
Rhythms' 
2.000 
2.000 
Narrows 
FRATIN. CHRISTOPHE 
Le cavalier arabe attaque par un lion (La chasse au lion)' 
15,000 
15.000 
Narrows 
GUSSOW, ROY 
Isomorphic Pair' 
2.500 
2.500 
Narrows 
KAHN. WOLF 
#50. Black Barn. White Dwelling' 
20.000 
20.000 
Narrows 
KAHN. WOLF 
Vineyard Sunset' 
2.000 
2.000 
Narrows 
KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 7 - Ein Mann versinkt vor der Kronoze' 
200,000 
200,000 
Narrows 
LAUGE. ACHILLE 
Landscape' 
5.000 
5.000 
Narrows 
LEE. JENNY 
Half-Note No. 8' 
2,000 
2.000 
Narrows 
LEE. JENNY 
Song for a Sculptor' 
2.000 
2,000 
Narrows 
LONGHI. PIETRO 
Two standing women 
150.000 
150.000 
Narrows 
PETERDI, GABOR 
La Grande Bataille* 
500 
500 
Narrows 
PETERDI, GABOR 
Pacific II' 
2,000 
2,000 
Narrows 
PETERDI. GABOR 
Seed and Rock IV' 
400 
400 
Narrows 
PETERDI. GABOR 
The Blue Veil of Distance' 
500 
500 
Narrows 
PIAZZETTA. GIAMBATTISTA 
Standing Male Nude (recto); Seated Male Nude (verso) 
260.000 
260.000 
Narrows 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Buste de femme (Marie-Therese) (purchase in progress - 
$86.25 million paid to date) 
125.200.000 
125.200,000 
Narrows 
REDON. ODILON 
Le cerf volant 
200.000 
200.000 
Narrows 
SAUNDERS. DAVID 
Untitled' 
2,500 
2.500 
Narrows 
SMITH. HOUGHTON CRANFORD Helm and Pulleys' 
500 
500 
Narrows 
SMITH. HOUGHTON CRANFORD Rigging' 
500 
500 
Narrows 
TITIAN 
Study of a Kneeling Man 
6.866.000 
6.866.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CALDER. ALEXANDER 
Spunk of the Monk 
18.000.000 
18.000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DAUMIER. HONORE 
Galerie de tableaux (Les amateurs de tableaux) 
3.500.000 
3.500.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DEGAS. EDGAR 
Femme s'essuyant les cheveux' 
350.000 
350.000 
Page 31 
EFTA00592888
--- PAGE 32 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Owner 
 mist 
Title 
_ 
Basis 
HRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KANDINSKY. WASSILY 
Skizze for sintflut II (Sketch for Deluge II) 
30.000.000 
30.000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LORENZO DI CREDI 
Drapery study with the Christ Child standing on the Madonna's 
left knee 
1.000,000 
1.000.000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
VOUET, SIMON 
Portrait of a woman with a veil 
400,000 
400,000 
Narrows II 
MUNCH. EDVARD 
The Scream 
130.000,000 
130.000.000 
Noel Calb 
DAUMIER. HONORE 
Apres ('audience 
1.200,000 
1.200.000 
Noel Calb 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Saint Jerome in his Study 
1.000.000 
1.000.000 
AP Narrows 
REDON. ODILON 
Poemes (Poemes. Les Soirs. Flambeaux Noirs) 
2,700 
2.500 
(200) 
AP Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Insectes singuliers 
13,000 
12.000 
(1.000) 
Narrows 
PASCIN. JULES 
Turkish Dancers 
3.000 
2.000 
(1.000) 
Narrows 
LEE. JENNY 
Half-Note 
3,500 
2,000 
(1.500) 
AP Narrows 
CHIRINO. MARTIN 
E •iral 
7.000 
5.000 
2.000 
Narrows 
PETERDI, GABOR 
Big Blue Eclipse 
3,500 
1,200 
(2.300) 
LDB 
POBLET, MABEL 
Narciso/Narcissus from the series tesa•ariencial 
6,500 
4,000 
2.500) 
AP Narrows 
KUBIN. ALFRED 
F0nfzehn Facsimiledrucke (The Weber Portfolio) 
5.000 
2.000 
(3.000) 
Narrows 
MARSH. REGINALD 
Does Your Nose Clog Up Al 
5.000 
2.000 
(3.000) 
Narrows 
SAUNDERS. DAVID 
The Afterlife of Things 
5.500 
2.250 
(3.250) 
Narrows 
ERNST. MAX (AFTER) 
The Ocean 
5.500 
2.000 
(3.500) 
AP Narrows 
SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 1 
10,000 
6.000 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows 
SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 10 
10,000 
6,000 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows 
SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 11 
10.000 
6.000 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows 
SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 12 
10,000 
6.000 
(4,000) 
AP Narrows 
SACKS. PETER 
UI sses 2 
10.000 
6.000 
4.000 
AP Narrows 
SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 3 
10,000 
6,000 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows 
SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 4 
10,000 
6,000 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows 
SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 5 
10.000 
6.000 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows 
SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 6 
10,000 
6,000 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows 
SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 8 
10,000 
6,000 
(4.000) 
AP Narrows 
SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 9 
10.000 
6.000 
(4.000) 
APO-01 
JOHNS. JASPER 
Regrets 
39.000 
35.000 
(4.000) 
APO-01 
JOHNS. JASPER 
Regrets 
39.000 
35.000 
(4.000) 
Narrows 
ERNST. JIMMY 
Untitled 
8.000 
4.000 
(4,000) 
Narrows 
MARSH. REGINALD 
Woman Walking 
5.000 
1.000 
(4,000) 
Page 32 
EFTA00592889
--- PAGE 33 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Owner 
Narrows 
mist 
BONHEUR. ROSA RAYMOND 
Title 
Crouching Lion 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
(4,300) 
_ 
5.000 
700 
(AFTER) 
AP Narrows 
DERAIN, ANDRE 
Profit de femme 
5,500 
1,000 
(4.500) 
AP Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Alimentation doctrinaire: First Plate 
125.000 
120.000 
5.000 
AP Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Les Bains d'Ostende 
125,000 
120.000 
(5.000) 
AP Narrows 
GERICAULT. THEODORE 
La Procession de Silene (recto); Etude de Femme Nue Assise 
(verso) 
225.000 
220.000 
(5.000) 
APO-01 
GROSZ. GEORGE 
Eigenbr0delei (Kaffeehausszene) 
130,000 
125.000 
(5.000) 
LDB 
COYPEL. CHARLES-ANTOINE 
Etude de tete 
80,000 
75.000 
(5.000) 
Narrows 
BONNARD. PIERRE 
Nu a la baignoire 
55,000 
50.000 
(5.000) 
Narrows 
BRESDIN. RODOLPHE 
Paysan au pied d'un arbre 
65.000 
60.000 
(5.000) 
Narrows 
KURTEN. STEFAN 
Northern Sky (Everybody's Happy Nowadays) 
15,000 
8,500 
(6.500) 
AP Narrows 
AVERY. MILTON 
Mottled Hills 
27.000 
20.000 
(7.000) 
Narrows 
INGRES. JEAN-AUGUSTE- 
DOMINIQUE 
Gabriel Cortois de Pressigny 
17,000 
10,000 
(7.000) 
Narrows 
MAILLOL. ARISTIDE 
Esquisse pour 'La Mediterranee' 
20.000 
12.500 
(7.500) 
AP Narrows 
BARYE. ANTOINE-LOUIS 
Chevat Turc 
30,000 
20.000 
(10.000) 
AP Narrows 
BELLOWS. GEORGE WESLEY 
A Stag at Sharkey's 
130.000 
120.000 
(10.000) 
AP Narrows 
BELLOWS. GEORGE WESLEY 
Dempsey and Firpo 
130.000 
120.000 
(10.000) 
AP Narrows 
KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 9 - Greiser Phoenix 
130,000 
120,000 
(10.000) 
LDB 
KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Melon Leaf (Feuille de Melon) 
15.000 
5.000 
(10.000) 
Narrows 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Femme nue debout 
60,000 
50,000 
(10.000) 
AP Narrows 
GORKY. ARSHILE 
Study after Picasso (Study for Blue Figure in Chair) (4GPRM) 
65.000 
50.000 
(15.000) 
AP Narrows 
KUBIN. ALFRED 
We- .in. Trees 
215,000 
200.000 
(15.000) 
Narrows 
KAHN. WOLF 
The Towpath 
35.000 
20.000 
(15.000) 
Narrows 
QUINN. MARC 
The Blind Still Leading the Blind 
40.000 
22.500 
(17.500) 
AP Narrows 
CHIRINO. MARTIN 
Cabeza 
25,000 
7.000 
(18.000) 
AP Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Le combat des demons (Diables rossant anges et archangel) 
(7SLV8) 
170,000 
150,000 
(20.000) 
AP Narrows 
GORKY. ARSHILE 
Study after Picasso (Study for Blue Figure in Chair) (3YKCM) 
65,000 
45,000 
(20.000) 
Page 33 
EFTA00592890
--- PAGE 34 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Owner 
mist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
AP Narrows 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Billiardspieler 
110,000 
90,000 
(20.000) 
AP Narrows 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Die Siesta 
55.000 
35.000 
(20.000) 
AP Narrows 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Kopf Ludwig Schames 
100,000 
80,000 
(20.000) 
AP Narrows 
KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 8 - Perseus (Der Witz hat uber das Leid gesiegt) 
90,000 
70,000 
(20.000) 
AP Narrows 
KUBIN. ALFRED 
Carnival 
270,000 
250,000 
(20.000) 
Narrows 
FUSELI. HENRY 
A Threatening Head 
35.000 
15.000 
(20.000) 
Narrows 
LIN. MAYA 
Silver River - Hudson 
90,000 
70.000 
(20.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Femme assise dans un fauteuil 
720,000 
700.000 
(20.000) 
AP Narrows 
EECKHOUT. GERBRAND VAN 
DEN 
A seated African holding a parasol 
725,000 
700,000 
(25.000) 
AP Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
La Vengeance de Hop Frog 
125,000 
100,000 
(25.000) 
AP Narrows 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Stehender Madchenakt mit verschrankten Armen 
50.000 
25.000 
(25.000) 
(25.000) 
AP Narrows 
KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 1-II. Weib and Tier-Fassung 
275,000 
250.000 
AP Narrows 
SCHONGAUER. MARTIN 
Virgin and Child on a Grassy Bench 
325,000 
300.000 
(25.000) 
AP Narrows 
SMITH. DAVID 
Untitled 
450.000 
425.000 
(25.000) 
APO-01 
DE WAAL. EDMUND 
The city & desire 
150,000 
125.000 
(25.000) 
LDB 
PARDO. JORGE 
Untitled (set of five glass lamps) 
115,000 
90.000 
(25.000) 
AP Narrows 
BOURDELLE. EMILE-ANTOINE 
Penelope 
60,000 
30,000 
(30.000) 
AP Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Mon pare mod 
100.000 
70.000 
(30.000) 
AP Narrows 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Artistenkind (Halbakt) 
80,000 
50,000 
(30.000) 
AP Narrows 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Liegende akt auf dem Sofa 
70,000 
40.000 
(30.000) 
AP Narrows 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Strassenszene mit Omnibus 
60.000 
30.000 
(30.000) 
AP Narrows 
LA FOSSE. CHARLES DE 
A mounted soldier. seen from behind 
430,000 
400.000 
(30.000) 
Narrows 
MENZEL. ADOLPH VON 
Christmas Eve 
100,000 
70,000 
(30.000) 
Narrows 
MILLET. JEAN-FRANCOIS 
Study of a reclining female nude or sleeping nude (recto); Study 
of a female nude and studies for a portrait (verso) 
280,000 
250,000 
(30.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Tate de taureau 
630,000 
600,000 
(30.000) 
Noel Calb 
MATISSE. HENRI 
La Danse 
430,000 
400.000 
(30.000) 
AP Narrows 
GIMHONGSOK 
Canine Construction 
125,000 
90,000 
(35.000) 
AP Narrows 
KUBIN. ALFRED 
The Volcano 
175.000 
140.000 
(35.000) 
Page 34 
EFTA00592891
--- PAGE 35 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Owner 
Hist 
Title 
. 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
I • rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
AP Narrows 
TWACHTMAN. JOHN HENRY 
Irises 
55,000 
20,000 
(35.000) 
AP Narrows 
MASTER ES 
The Virgin with the Rosary on the Crescent 
190.000 
150.000 
(40.000) 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Diana at the Bath 
220,000 
180,000 
(40.000) 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Self-Portrait with Plumed Hat and Lowered Sabre 
260,000 
220,000 
(40.000) 
LDB 
CARRACCI. ANNIBALE 
Return of the Prodigal Son 
340.000 
300.000 
(40.000) 
Narrows 
KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Brushstrokes Cut into Thirty-Five Squares and Arranged by 
Chance 
290,000 
250.000 
(40.000) 
Narrows 
MARIN. JOHN 
From Crotch Isle. Maine 
60,000 
20.000 
(40.000) 
Narrows 
NOLDE, EMIL 
Segelboat 
60,000 
20.000 
(40.000) 
Narrows 
RIBOT. THEODULE AUGUSTIN 
Les eplucheuses de pommes de terre 
65,000 
25,000 
(40.000) 
AP Narrows 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Nemesis - The Great Fortune 
245.000 
200.000 
(45.000) 
AP Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Alimentation doctrinaire: Second Plate 
125,000 
80.000 
(45.000) 
2011 LLC 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Verre. pipe et pacquet de tabac 
1.300,000 
1.250.000 
(50.000) 
AP Narrows 
BALLA. GIACOMO 
Volo di Rondini 
650.000 
600.000 
(50.000) 
AP Narrows 
CHASSERIAU. THEODORE 
Petit Couloughi, teint d'ambre (Jeune atgerien d'ascendance 
turque (recto): paysage (verso) 
250,000 
200.000 
(50.000) 
AP Narrows 
INGRES. JEAN-AUGUSTE- 
DOMINIQUE 
Mother and child (Study for the 'Martyrdom of Saint 
S mphorien') 
200,000 
150,000 
(50.000) 
AP Narrows 
KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Oak 
300,000 
250,000 
(50.000) 
AP Narrows 
KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Wild Grape 
300,000 
250,000 
(50.000) 
AP Narrows 
KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 5 - Charme 
100.000 
50.000 
(50.000) 
AP Narrows 
LENNON. JOHN 
Autograph manuscript of John Lennon's lyrics for "A Day in the 
Life 
1.300,000 
1.250,000 
(50.000) 
AP Narrows 
SACKS. PETER 
Aftermath (Mandela) 
140,000 
90.000 
(50.000) 
APO-01 
GOGH. VINCENT VAN 
Portrait du Docteur Gachet 
300,000 
250.000 
(50.000) 
APO-01 
MAGRITTE. RENE 
Le bain de cristal 
1.800.000 
1.750.000 
(50.000) 
APO-01 
PIRANESI, GIOVANNI BATTISTA Invenzioni Capric di Carceri (Imaginary Prisons) 
450,000 
400,000 
(50.000) 
APO-01 
REDON. ODILON 
L'Araignee 
150.000 
100.000 
(50.000) 
LDB 
BOUCHER. FRANCOIS 
Sheet of studies of a turbanned head, a foot and hands holding 
a sword and a stick 
850,000 
800.000 
(50.000) 
Page 35 
EFTA00592892
--- PAGE 36 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 71516 
Owner 
_Hist 
Title 
_ 
Basis 
HRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Narrows 
ROMANO. GIULIO (GIULIO PIPPI) Satyr crowned with vine leaves 
250.000 
200.000 
(50.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
WATTEAU. JEAN-ANTOINE 
Landscape, after Campagnola 
550,000 
500.000 
(50.000) 
Noel Calb 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Etude de personnages (Etude pour 'Composition: les Paysans') 
1.300,000 
1.250,000 
(50.000) 
Promised 
MANET. EDOUARD 
Apres le bain 
200,000 
150.000 
(50.000) 
Promised 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Transparency #2 
175,000 
125.000 
(50.000) 
Promised 
UECKER. GUNTHER 
Chair II 
1.300.000 
1.250.000 
(50.000) 
AP Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Le Combat des pouilleux Deir et Rissole 
125.000 
70.000 
(55.000) 
AP Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
The Entry of Christ into Brussels in 1889 on the Day of Mardi 
Gras 
180.000 
120.000 
(60.000) 
APO-01 
COURBET. GUSTAVE 
Portrait de Francois Sabatier 
130,000 
70.000 
(60.000) 
AP Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Le Christ aux Enters 
70.000 
8.000 
(62.000) 
AP Narrows 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Transparency #3 
190,000 
125.000 
(65.000) 
APO-01 
RODIN. AUGUSTE 
Femme nue 
150,000 
85.000 
(65.000) 
AP Narrows 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Saint Anthony reading 
420.000 
350.000 
(70.000) 
LDB 
VIGEE-LE BRUN. ELISABETH 
Self-portrait in a feathered hat 
570,000 
500.000 
(70.000) 
LDB 
ZUCCARO. TADDEO 
A study of a standing male figure. a prophet 
830.000 
760.000 
(70.000) 
AP Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
La Belgique au XIXe siecle 
125,000 
50.000 
(75.000) 
Noel Calb 
BAULE MASK 
Ivory Coast 
1.575,000 
1.500,000 
(75.000) 
AP Narrows 
DERAIN. ANDRE 
Paysage avec figures 
430.000 
350.000 
(80.000) 
AP Narrows 
LEYDEN. LUCAS VAN 
The Dance of Saint Mary Magdalene 
360,000 
280.000 
(80.000) 
AP Narrows 
REDON. ODILON 
A Edgar Poe (3Z3DZ) 
160,000 
80.000 
(80.000) 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Landscape with an Obelisk 
430,000 
350,000 
(80.000) 
APO-01 
GUERCINO. IL (GIOVANNI 
BATISTA BARBIERI) 
Landscape 
580,000 
500,000 
(80.000) 
AP Narrows 
WESSELMANN. TOM 
Nude with Floral Wall (Large, Black) 
385,000 
300,000 
(85.000) 
AP Narrows 
HECKEL. ERICH 
Mannerbildnis 
240.000 
150.000 
(90.000) 
Narrows 
MONET, CLAUDE 
Les nympheas avec saule 
340,000 
250,000 
(90.000) 
AP Narrows 
BAROCCI. FEDERICO 
Head of a young girl 
700.000 
600.000 
(100.000) 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Adoration of the Shepherds with the Lamp 
750,000 
650,000 
(100.000) 
Page 36 
EFTA00592893
--- PAGE 37 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 711516 
• wner 
 rtlst 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
The Three Trees 
700.000 
600.000 
(100.000) 
APO-01 
GERICAULT. THEODORE 
Lion devouring a horse 
400,000 
300,000 
(100.000) 
LDB 
GERARD, BARON FRANCOIS 
PASCAL SIMON 
Cupid and Psyche 
200,000 
100,000 
(100.000) 
Narrows 
REDON. ODILON 
Dans le rave 
200.000 
100.000 
(100.0001 
(100.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
FRAGONARD. JEAN-HONORE 
Vile d'amour (La Fête a Rambouillet) 
2.600,000 
2.500,000 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
INGRES. JEAN-AUGUSTE- 
DOMINIQUE 
Portrait de Mlle. Jeannette Hayard 
1.100,000 
1.000,000 
(100.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SCHIELE, EGON 
Sitzender Akt mit lila Str0mpfen 
3.100,000 
3.000,000 
(100.000) 
AP Narrows 
BECKMANN. MAX 
Bei der Toilette 
150.000 
45.000 
(105.000) 
Narrows 
BONINGTON, RICHARD PARKES Landscape with Harvesters at Sunset 
135,000 
30,000 
(105.000) 
APO-01 
PIRANESI, GIOVANNI BATTISTA Study of a standing man seen from behind 
260,000 
150,000 
(110.000) 
AP Narrows 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Coat of Arms with a Skull 
470.000 
350.000 
(120.000) 
AP Narrows 
RUSCHA. ED 
Egg 
570,000 
450.000 
(120.000) 
LDB 
ZUCCARO. TADDEO 
A Bacchic procession with drunken Silenus 
370,000 
250.000 
(120.000) 
Noel Calb 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Autoportrait. 1900-05 (3XJGY) 
270.000 
150.000 
(120.000) 
LDB 
STIMMER. TOBIAS 
Saul Threatening David with a Spear 
2.000,000 
1.875.000 
(125.000) 
Narrows 
REDON. ODILON 
Su et allegorique (David et Goliath) 
475,000 
350.000 
(125.000) 
Noel Calb 
KLEE. PAUL 
Frauenportrait in Rot (Bertha) 
1.375.000 
1.250.000 
(125.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
POUSSIN. NICOLAS 
Phedre amoureuse et Pegase. d'apres ('antique 
730,000 
600.000 
(130.000) 
AP Narrows 
BALDUNG. HANS 
Group of Seven Horses 
185.000 
50.000 
(135.000) 
APO-01 
RUNGE. PHILIPP OTTO (AFTER) The Four Times of the Day 
385.000 
250.000 
(135.000) 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. ALBERTO 
Jean-Paul Sartre 
385,000 
250.000 
(135.000) 
AP Narrows 
MASTER M.Z. 
A Tournament 
325.000 
180.000 
(145.000) 
AP Narrows 
SCHINKEL. KARL FRIEDRICH 
Gothic Church behind Trees 
325,000 
180.000 
(145.000) 
AP Narrows 
RAUSCHENBERG. ROBERT 
Spring Clearance 
450,000 
300.000 
(150.000) 
APO-01 
BONTECOU. LEE 
Untitled 
500.000 
350.000 
(150.000) 
AP Narrows 
ZHANG HUAN 
Broomcorn Field (from the Memory Door series) 
200,000 
45.000 
(155.000) 
Page 37 
EFTA00592894
--- PAGE 38 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 71516 
•wner 
, Hist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
AP Narrows 
ZHANG HUAN 
Handicraftsman (from the Memory Door series) 
200,000 
45,000 
(155.000) 
AP Narrows 
ZHANG HUAN 
Stairs (from the Memory Door series) 
200.000 
45.000 
(155.000) 
AP Narrows 
KUBIN. ALFRED 
Der Schwarm 
300,000 
140.000 
(160.000) 
AP Narrows 
KLIMT. GUSTAV 
Liegende mit angewinkelten Armen 
345,000 
175,000 
(170.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PIRANESI, GIOVANNI BATTISTA Architectural fantasy with a colossal obelisk 
870,000 
700.000 
(170.000) 
AP Narrows 
ROBERT. HUBERT 
The Stairs of the Farnese villa at Caprarola 
385.000 
200.000 
(185.000) 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Landscape with three gabled Cottages beside a Road 
540,000 
350.000 
(190.000) 
2011 LLC 
WATTEAU. JEAN-ANTOINE 
Study of a seated woman 
1.400,000 
1.200.000 
(200.000) 
AP Narrows 
DUCHAMP. MARCEL 
de ou par Marcel Duchamp ou Rrose Selavy (La Boite-en- 
valise) (Series A): Untitled 
3.200,000 
3.000.000 
(200.000) 
AP Narrows 
MASTER ES 
The Letter 'M' from: The Figure Alphabet 
1.000,000 
800,000 
(200.000) 
APO-01 
LORRAIN. CLAUDE (CLAUDE 
GELLEE) 
A wooded landscape 
6.700,000 
6.500,000 
(200.000) 
APO-01 
MUNCH. EDVARD 
Evening. Melancholy I 
1.700,000 
1.500.000 
(200.000) 
APO-01 
PERUZZI. BALDESSARE 
Allegory with an Artist 
2.000.000 
1.800.000 
(200.000) 
APO-01 
REDON. ODILON 
Les epines rouges 
1.200,000 
1.000.000 
(200.000) 
APO-01 
RUBENS. SIR PETER PAUL 
Samson and Delilah 
5.700.000 
5.500.000 
(200.000) 
APO-01 
SCHIELE. EGON 
Stadl am blauen Fluss (Krumau) 
3.200.000 
3.000.000 
(200.000) 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI, ALBERTO 
Paire de chenets a boule 
300,000 
100,000 
(200.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DELACROIX, EUGENE 
Portrait de Schmareck• tanneur a Tanger - Janvier 1832 
800,000 
600,000 
(200.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
WRIGHT OF DERBY. JOSEPH 
A Grotto in the Gulf of Salerno. Morning; A Grotto in the Gulf of 
Salerno. Evening 
1.400,000 
1.200,000 
(200.000) 
Noel Calb 
RICKEY. GEORGE 
Triple L Excentric Gyratory Gyratory 
700,000 
500.000 
(200.000) 
Narrows 
GAUGUIN. PAUL 
Te Faruru (Here we love) 
520.000 
300.000 
(220.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CARRACCI. ANNIBALE 
A Young Man lying on his back in a landscape 
2.525,000 
2.300,000 
(225.000) 
Narrows 
DAUMIER. HONORE 
L'amateur d'estampes 
315,000 
70.000 
(245.000) 
AP Narrows 
CONSTABLE. JOHN 
Cloud Study (recto); Suffolk Landscape with a Cloudy Sky 
(verso) 
600,000 
350.000 
(250.000) 
AP Narrows 
PRUD'HON, PIERRE-PAUL 
Portrait de Madame Pearl de Saint-Gilles 
450,000 
200,000 
(250.000) 
AP Narrows 
PURYEAR. MARTIN 
Untitled (work hanging on wall) (7SLW4) 
2.000.000 
1.750.000 
(250.000) 
AP Narrows 
VALDES. MANOLO 
Ariadna I 
700,000 
450.000 
(250.000) 
Page 38 
EFTA00592895
--- PAGE 39 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 71516 
• wner 
, rtist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
LDB 
MICHAELANGELO 
The head and torso of a man looking down to the left/Study of 
his left shoulder and two studies of his right shoulder (recto): 
The musculature of the hip and thigh of the right 
leg/architectural profile (verso) 
5.250,000 
5.000,000 
(250.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KLEE. PAUL 
Was fehlt ihm? 
4.250,000 
4.000,000 
(250.000) 
Noel Calb 
PURYEAR. MARTIN 
Untitled (work on floor) 
1.500,000 
1.250.000 
(250.000) 
AP Narrows 
ZHANG HUAN 
Ash Skull No. 14 
350,000 
90.000 
(260.000) 
Noel Calb 
RICKEY. GEORGE 
Two Lines Up Excentric - Twelve Feet 
760.000 
500.000 
(260.000) 
AP Narrows 
KLIMT. GUSTAV 
Liegende nach rechts 
570,000 
300.000 
(270.000) 
AP Narrows 
REDON. ODILON 
Beatrice 
870,000 
600.000 
(270.000) 
AP Narrows 
NOLDE. EMIL 
Junges Paar (73LR3) 
525.000 
250.000 
(275.000) 
Narrows 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Taureau et cheval 
470,000 
175,000 
(295.000) 
AP Narrows 
(Collateral) 
LORRAIN. CLAUDE (CLAUDE 
GELLEE) 
View of Civitavecchia with a Draughtsman and Figures: View of 
Santa Marinella with Riders on Horseback" 
2.300,000 
2.000.000 
(300.000) 
APO-01 
RYMAN. ROBERT 
Versions X 
1.300,000 
1.000.000 
(300.000) 
Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Self Portrait 
500.000 
200.000 
(300.000) 
Noel Calb 
KLEE. PAUL 
Chinesische II 
1.300,000 
1.000.000 
(300.000) 
Noel Calb 
KLEE. PAUL 
Exotische Flusslandschaft 
1.300.000 
1.000.000 
(300.000) 
Promised 
JOHNS. JASPER 
Untitled 
2.700,000 
2.400.000 
(300.000) 
Noel Calb 
SEURAT. GEORGES 
Cavalier sur une route 
1.575,000 
1.250,000 
(325.000) 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Jan Uytenbogaert, Preacher of the Remonstrants 
435,000 
85,000 
(350.000) 
APO-01 
MARDEN. BRICE 
Untitled 
1.600.000 
1.250.000 
(350.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
TINTORETTO (JACOPO 
ROBUSTI) 
Study of male nude lying on the ground 
860,000 
500,000 
(360.000) 
AP Narrows 
SCHLEMMER. OSKAR 
Drei am Gelander 
1.225.000 
850.000 
(375.000) 
AP Narrows 
GUERCINO. IL (GIOVANNI 
BATISTA BARBIERI) 
Reclining nude youth seen from behind 
1.400,000 
1.000.000 
(400.000) 
AP Narrows 
KAPOOR. ANISH 
Untitled 
1.650,000 
1.250.000 
(400.000) 
AP Narrows 
MASTER ES 
The Letter 'P' from: The Figure Alphabet 
1.000,000 
600.000 
(400.000) 
AP Narrows 
MASTER ES 
The Letter 'Ne from: The Figure Alphabet 
1.000.000 
600.000 
(400.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
KLEE. PAUL 
WI (In Memoriam) 
2.400,000 
2.000.000 
(400.000) 
APO-01 
KLINE. FRANZ 
Untitled 
600,000 
175.000 
(425.000) 
Page 39 
EFTA00592896
--- PAGE 40 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
•wner 
 nist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5111/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
LDB 
CARRACCI. LUDOVICO 
St. John the Evangelist 
950,000 
500,000 
(450.000) 
Noel Calb 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Adam and Eve 
1.200.000 
750.000 
(450.000) 
AP Narrows 
ALTDORFER. ALBRECHT 
A Landscape with two Pine Trees in the Center 
540,000 
80.000 
(460.000) 
AP Narrows 
MIRO. JOAN 
Untitled. 1929 
2.000,000 
1.500.000 
(500.000) 
AP Narrows 
SCHWITTERS. KURT 
Sword 
3.000.000 
2.500.000 
(500.000) 
APO-01 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Nue endormie 
13.000,000 
12.500.000 
(500.000) 
APO-01 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Tete de jeune homme 
4.500.000 
4.000.000 
(500.000) 
APO-01 
REDON. ODILON 
Fleurs sur fond noir 
1.000,000 
500.000 
(500.000) 
APO-01 
SHAPIRO. JOEL 
Untitled 
1.000,000 
500,000 
(500.000) 
LDB 
DUVET. JEAN 
L'Apocalypse figuree (The Illustrated Apocalypse) 
3.000.000 
2.500.000 
(500.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
DAVID. JACOUES-LOUIS 
Les amours de Paris et Helene 
4.500,000 
4.000,000 
(500.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
INGRES. JEAN-AUGUSTE- 
DOMINIQUE 
Baronin Charles-Athanase Walckenear, nee Marie-Jeanne- 
Antoinette-Josephine Marcotte 
1.300,000 
800,000 
(500.000) 
Noel Calb 
NOGUCHI. ISAMU 
Personnage III (Ningen 3) 
2.000.000 
1.500.000 
(500.000) 
AP Narrows 
ZHANG HUAN 
Airplanes 
750.000 
175.000 
(575.000) 
APO-01 
GIACOMETTI. ALBERTO 
Le Vide-poche 
4.600.000 
4.000.000 
(600.000) 
Noel Calb 
KIEFER. ANSELM 
Isis on the Way 
1.625.000 
1.000.000 
(625.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
CARPACCIO. VITTORE 
Study of a lion 
1.850,000 
1.200.000 
(650.000) 
APO-01 
ENSOR. JAMES 
The Ride of the Valkyries 
800,000 
125.000 
(675.000) 
AP Narrows 
NOLDE. EMIL 
Tanzerin 
1.150,000 
400.000 
(750.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Rendering of the Barnes Mural in Progress 
2.000,000 
1.250,000 
(750.000) 
AP Narrows 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Three Large Woodcut Series: The Apocalypse, The Life of 
the Virgin, The Large Passion (STFDS) 
1.400,000 
600,000 
(800.000) 
AP Narrows 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. VAN 
RIJN 
Jan Six 
2.000,000 
1.200,000 
(800.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GONZALEZ. JULIO 
Homme gothique 
2.800,000 
2.000.000 
(800.000) 
AP Narrows 
BECKMANN, MAX 
Studie zu Malepartus 
1.500,000 
650.000 
(850.000) 
APO-01 
BAROCCI. FEDERICO 
Study for the 'Madonna del Popolo' or Christ Blessing with an 
angel holding a flute. and a flying putto surrounded with 
seraphs 
7.000,000 
6.000,000 
(1,000.000) 
APO-01 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Composition (Composition au minotaure) 
19.000,000 
18.000.000 
(1,000.000) 
Page 40 
EFTA00592897
--- PAGE 41 ---
ALL ART WITH BASIS - 7/15/16 
Owner 
Hist 
Title 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
rice + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Noel Calb 
DEGAS. EDGAR 
Femme au bain 
2.000 000 
1.000,000 
(1,000.000) 
Noel Calb 
TOULOUSE-LAUTREC, HENRI 
DE 
Au bal de l'opera 
11.000,000 
10.000,000 
(1,000.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
VERONESE, IL (PAOLO 
CALLIARI) 
Madonna and Child with two Saints 
2.525,000 
1.500,000 
(1,025.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MANET. EDOUARD 
La Posada 
2.750,000 
1.500.000 
(1,250.000) 
2011 LLC 
GAUGUIN. PAUL 
L'Esprit veille (Te Arii Vahine) 
3.300,000 
2.000.000 
(1,300.000) 
AP Narrows 
CORNELL. JOSEPH 
Untitled (Penny Arcade Portrait of Lauren Bacall) 
5.800.000 
4.500.000 
(1.300.000) 
AP Narrows 
DEGAS. EDGAR 
Les Repasseuses 
2.200.000 
850.000 
(1,350.000) 
APO-01 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Portrait de Mateu Fernandez de Soto 
36.400,000 
35.000.000 
(1,400.000) 
Noel Calb 
ROTHKO. MARK 
Black. White. Blue 
5.400.000 
4.000.000 
(1.400.000) 
AP Narrows 
CORNELL. JOSEPH 
Medici Slot Machine 
8.500,000 
7.000,000 
(1,500.000) 
Narrows 
VERONESE. IL (PAOLO 
CALLIARI) 
The Apotheosis of Venice: Design for a Ceiling in the Sala del 
Maggior Consiglio. Palazzo Ducale. Venice 
25.000,000 
23.500,000 
(1,500.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
SMITH. DAVID 
Cubi II 
24.000,000 
22.500.000 
(1,500.000) 
AP Narrows 
REDON. ODILON 
La Tentation de Saint Antoine 
1.575,000 
50,000 
(1,525.000) 
AP Narrows 
REDON. ODILON (AFTER) 
Charles Baudelaire. Les Fleurs du Mal 
1.700.000 
1.500 
(1.698.500) 
APO-01 
TOULOUSE-LAUTREC, HENRI 
DE 
La Toilette: Femme qui se leve 
3.800,000 
2.000,000 
(1,800.000) 
AP Narrows 
(Collateral) 
GOYA, FRANCISCO DE 
El Gayumbo (Bull Held by a Cord)" 
12.000,000 
10.000.000 
(2,000.000) 
AP Narrows 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Nu de dos. 4erne etat 
53.000.000 
50.000.000 
(3.000.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
MANET. EDOUARD 
Portrait de Berthe Morisot 
23.000,000 
20.000.000 
(3,000.000) 
AP Narrows 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Tete moustachue 
8.200,000 
5.000.000 
(3,200.000) 
Noel Calb 
GAUGUIN. PAUL 
Autoportrait 
5.000.000 
1.750.000 
(3.250.000) 
APO-01 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Fernande (drawing) 
7.500.000 
4.000.000 
(3.500.000) 
Narrows 
(Collateral) 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Tete d'homme (Bust d'homme aux bras croise) 
9.000.000 
4.000.000 
(5.000.000) 
1,933,697,438 
2,984,970,138 1,051,272,700 
• Basis is to be determined and is assumed to be current value. Most works are either very low value and purchased long ago or part of group purchases of Old Master 
Prints. I am go ng to have George Goldner help me allocate basis for the group purchases. 
^ Work is collateral on the Bank of America line and was transferred to AP Narrows LP in anticipation of sale (but has not been sold). 
Page 41 
EFTA00592898

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592899.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592899.pdf
----------------------------------------
APO-01 DECLARATION 
Owner 
APO-01 
eill 
Artist 
$ 
MALEVICH, KAZIMIR 
Title 
Plane in Rotation (Black Circle) 
Basis 
20,000,000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
ppraised value 
or purchase 
price + sales tax 
50,000,000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
30,000,000 
APO-01 
GOGH, VINCENT VAN 
Carriere pres de Saint-Remy 
46,000,000 
60,000,000 
14,000,000 
APO-01 
DEGAS, EDGAR 
Les chevaux de courses 
8,300,000 
20,000,000 
11,700,000 
APO-01 
MATISSE, HENRI 
Figure decorative (Grand nu assis, accoude sur cube) 
14,000,000 
17,500,000 
3,500,000 
APO-01 
BRANCUSI. CONSTANTIN 
Le Baiser 
9,700,000 
12,500,000 
2,800,000 
APO-01 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Acrobate 
3.250,000 
6,000,000 
2,750,000 
APO-01 
GAUGUIN, PAUL 
Le peintre Roy 
2.600,000 
5,000,000 
2,400,000 
APO-01 
LEGER, FERNAND 
Les furnees sur les toits 
1,650,000 
4,000,000 
2.350,000 
APO-01 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Figure surrealiste 
950,000 
3,000,000 
2.050,000 
APO-01 
SEVERINI, GINO 
II tango Argentine 
530,000 
2,500,000 
1,970,000 
APO-01 
ARP, JEAN 
Fant8me flairant un nombril 
1,400,000 
3,000,000 
1,600,000 
APO-01 
BURRI, ALBERTO 
Bianco cretto 
1,000,000 
2,500,000 
1,500,000 
APO-01 
ENSOR, JAMES 
Les bons juges 
1,500,000 
3,000,000 
1,500,000 
APO-01 
SEURAT, GEORGES 
Le manteau blanc (Promeneuse au parapluie) 
1,600,000 
3,000,000 
1,400,000 
APO-01 
FONTANA. LUCIO 
Concetto spaziale 
1,300,000 
2,500,000 
1,200,000 
APO-01 
DELAUNAY, ROBERT 
Tour Eiffel 
230,000 
1,250,000 
1,020,000 
APO-01 
FRAGONARD, JEAN-HONORE Le petit part (Les jardins de la villa d'Este) 
1.250,000 
2,000,000 
750,000 
APO-01 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
Bajan Riiiendo (They go down Quarreling) 
4.000,000 
4,500,000 
500,000 
APO-01 
PARMIGIANINO, IL (MARIA 
FRANCESCO GIROLAMO 
MAZZOLA) 
Composition studies for La Madonna dal Collo Lungo 
(recto and verso) 
1.000,000 
1,500,000 
500,000 
APO-01 
MUNCH. EDVARD 
Madonna (Liebendes Weib) 
2.100.000 
2.500,000 
400.000 
APO-01 
REDON, ODILON 
Visage derriere les barreaux 
850,000 
1.250,000 
400,000 
APO-01 
FRA BARTOLOMMEO 
Study of the kneeling Magdalen 
1.150,000 
1.500,000 
350,000 
APO-01 
GRIS. JUAN 
Homme au chapeau haut-de-forme (Esquisse pour 
'I'homme au café') 
870,000 
1,200,000 
330,000 
APO-01 
GOLTZIUS, HENDRICK 
The artists right hand 
4,700,000 
5,000,000 
300,000 
APO-01 
SCHLEMMER. OSKAR 
Rote Leiber 
2,700,000 
3,000,000 
300,000 
APO-01 
NOGUCHI, ISAMU 
Bindu 
730,000 
1,000,000 
270,000 
APO-01 
CORNELL, JOSEPH 
Magic Soap Bubble Set 
5,250,000 
5,500,000 
250,000 
APO-01 
DOESBURG, THEO VAN 
Compositie 
1,800,000 
2,000,000 
200,000 
Page 1 
EFTA00592899
--- PAGE 2 ---
APO-01 DECLARATION 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
I 
Basis 
I 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised value 
or purchase 
price + sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
APO-01 
WATTEAU, JEAN-ANTOINE 
Feuille d'etudes: personnages assis au sol de dos, flutiste 
assis de profit a droite, main tenant un eventail terms, 
reprise de cette main 
400,000 
600,000 
200,000 
APO-01 
ROMANO, GIULIO (GIULIO 
PIPPI) 
Bacchus as Autumn 
100,000 
250,000 
150,000 
APO-01 
BECKMANN, MAX 
The Last Duty of Perseus 
130,000 
250,000 
120,000 
APO-01 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Etude pour 'La Coiffure' 
590,000 
700,000 
110,000 
APO-01 
DELACROIX, EUGENE 
Etude de fleurs: marguerites blanches et zinnias 
700,000 
800,000 
100,000 
APO-01 
PIRANESI, GIOVANNI 
BATTISTA 
The 'Veduta Interna della porta della Cilia the dimonstra 
tutte le Bottege' in Pompei 
900,000 
1,000,000 
100,000 
APO-01 
VASARI, GIORGIO 
Saint Eustace 
315,000 
400,000 
85,000 
APO-01 
GROSZ. GEORGE 
Der Fund in der Vorstadt, 'Verwesung' 
325,000 
400,000 
75,000 
APO-01 
RUISDAEL. JACOB 
ISAACKSZ. VAN 
A shepherd and his flock approaching farm buildings 
among trees 
250,000 
300,000 
50,000 
APO-01 
BRESDIN, RODOLPHE 
The exterior of an inn (L'Auberge Normande) 
170,000 
200,000 
30,000 
APO-01 
NOLDE, EMIL 
Der Prophet 
50,000 
80,000 
30,000 
APO-01 
KLEE, PAUL 
Invention 10 - Drohendes Haupt 
69,000 
80,000 
11,000 
APO-01 
HECKEL, ERICH 
Schlalender Matrose (Sleeping Sailor) 
27,000 
35,000 
8,000 
APO-01 
KLEE, PAUL 
Invention 4 - Komiker 
75,000 
80,000 
5,000 
APO-01 
BRUEGEL THE ELDER, 
PIETER 
Wooded landscape with Travelers 
10.000,000 
10,000,000 
APO-01 
DALl, SALVADOR 
The Ants (Las Hormigas) 
1.000,000 
1.000,000 
APO-01 
DELACROIX, EUGENE 
A bound sketchbook of scenes from Morocco 
1.800,000 
1.800,000 
APO-01 
DESPREZ, JEAN-LOUIS 
La Chimere de Monsieur Desprez 
100.000 
100,000 
APO-01 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Samson rending the Lion 
700.000 
700,000 
APO-01 
FRAGONARD, JEAN-HONORE Portrait of Francois-Henri. 5th duc d'Harcourt, half-length 
and looking over his shoulder to the left 
30,000,000 
30,000,000 
APO-01 
KLEE, PAUL 
Drei sanfte Narrenworte (The Three Gentle Words of a 
Fool) 
500,000 
500,000 
APO-01 
KLEE, PAUL 
Invention 3 - Jungfrau in Baum 
150,000 
150,000 
APO-01 
PENONE, GUISEPPE 
Pella del monte 
225,000 
225,000 
APO-01 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Les trois graces (sold February 2016) 
245,000 
245,000 
APO-01 
REDON, ODILON 
Deux personnages dans un paysage rocheux 
82,000 
82,000 
Page 2 
EFTA00592900
--- PAGE 3 ---
APO-01 DECLARATION 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
$ 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
ppraised value 
or purchase 
price + sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
APO-01 
RUBENS, SIR PETER PAUL 
Meleager and Atalanta hunting the Boar 
6,000,000 
6,000,000 
APO-01 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Ramble 4-3 
245,000 
245,000 
APO-01 
SERRA, RICHARD 
Ramble 4-4 
245,000 
245,000 
APO-01 
JOHNS, JASPER 
Regrets 
39,000 
35,000 
(4,000) 
APO-01 
JOHNS, JASPER 
Regrets 
39,000 
35,000 
(4,000) 
APO-01 
GROSZ, GEORGE 
Eigenbrodelei (Kaffeehausszene) 
130,000 
125,000 
(5,000) 
APO-01 
DE WAAL. EDMUND 
The city & desire 
150,000 
125,000 
(25,000) 
APO-01 
GOGH, VINCENT VAN 
Portrait du Docteur Gachet 
300,000 
250,000 
(50,000) 
APO-01 
MAGRITTE, RENE 
Le bain de cristal 
1,800,000 
1,750,000 
(50,000) 
APO-01 
PIRANESI, GIOVANNI 
BATTISTA 
Invenzioni Capric di Carceri (Imaginary Prisons) 
450,000 
400,000 
(50,000) 
APO-01 
REDON, ODILON 
L'Araignee 
150,000 
100,000 
(50,000) 
APO-01 
COURBET, GUSTAVE 
Portrait de Francois Sabatier 
130,000 
70,000 
(60,000) 
APO-01 
RODIN, AUGUSTE 
Femme nue 
150,000 
85,000 
(65,000) 
APO-01 
GUERCINO, IL (GIOVANNI 
BATISTA BARBIERI) 
Landscape 
580,000 
500,000 
(80,000) 
APO-01 
GERICAULT, THEODORE 
Lion devouring a horse 
400,000 
300,000 
(100,000) 
APO-01 
PIRANESI, GIOVANNI 
BATTISTA 
Study of a standing man seen from behind 
260,000 
150,000 
(110,000) 
APO-01 
RUNGE, PHILIPP OTTO 
(AFTER) 
The Four Times of the Day 
385,000 
250,000 
(135,000) 
APO-01 
BONTECOU. LEE 
Untitled 
500,000 
350,000 
(150.000) 
APO-01 
LORRAIN, CLAUDE (CLAUDE 
GELLEE) 
A wooded landscape 
6.700,000 
6.500,000 
(200,000) 
APO-01 
MUNCH. EDVARD 
Evening. Melancholy I 
1.700,000 
1.500,000 
(200,000) 
APO-01 
PERUZZI, BALDESSARE 
Allegory with an Artist 
2.000,000 
1.800,000 
(200,000) 
APO-01 
REDON, ODILON 
Les epines rouges 
1,200,000 
1,000,000 
(200,000) 
APO-01 
RUBENS, SIR PETER PAUL 
Samson and Delilah 
5,700,000 
5,500,000 
(200,000) 
APO-01 
SCHIELE. EGON 
Stadt am blauen Fluss (Krumau) 
3,200,000 
3,000,000 
(200,000) 
APO-01 
RYMAN, ROBERT 
Versions X 
1,300,000 
1,000,000 
(300,000) 
APO-01 
MARDEN. BRICE 
Untitled 
1,600,000 
1,250,000 
(350,000) 
Page 3 
EFTA00592901
--- PAGE 4 ---
APO-01 DECLARATION 
IIIP
I
r 
Owner 
APO-01 
Artist 
KLINE, FRANZ 
Title 
Untitled 
I 
Basis 
600,000 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised value 
or purchase 
price + sales tax 
175,000 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
(425,000) 
APO-01 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Nue endormie 
13,000,000 
12,500,000 
(500,000) 
APO-01 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Tete de jeune homme 
4,500,000 
4,000,000 
(500,000) 
APO-01 
REDON, ODILON 
Fleurs sur fond noir 
1,000,000 
500,000 
(500,000) 
APO-01 
SHAPIRO, JOEL 
Untitled 
1,000,000 
500,000 
(500,000) 
APO-01 
GIACOMETTI, ALBERTO 
Le Vide-poche 
4,600,000 
4,000,000 
(600,000) 
APO-01 
ENSOR, JAMES 
The Ride of the Valk ries 
800,000 
125,000 
(675,000) 
APO-01 
BAROCCI, FEDERICO 
Study for the 'Madonna del Popolo' or Christ Blessing with 
an angel holding a flute, and a flying putto surrounded 
with seraphs 
7,000,000 
6,000,000 
(1,000,000) 
APO-01 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Composition (Composition au minotaure) 
19,000,000 
18,000,000 
(1,000,000) 
APO-01 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Portrait de Mateu Fernandez de Soto 
36,400,000 
35,000,000 
(1,400,000) 
APO-01 
TOULOUSE-LAUTREC, HENRI 
DE 
La Toilette: Femme qui se leve 
3,800,000 
2,000,000 
(1,800,000) 
APO-01 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Fernande (drawing) 
7.500,000 
4.000,000 
(3,500,000) 
323,866,000 
396,042,000 
72,176,000 
Page 4 
EFTA00592902

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592903.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592903.pdf
----------------------------------------
COLLATERAL 
•wner 
ist 
I 
le 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised value 
or purchase 
price + sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Le Chateau Noir 
11,500,000 
50,000,000 
38,500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MONDRIAN. PIET 
Composition C with Grey and Red 
2.700.000 
40.000,000 
37,300.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MALEVICH, KAZIMIR 
Extended Plane (Plan en extension) 
15,500,000 
50,000,000 
34,500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
BRANCUSI, CONSTANTIN 
La Muse 
10,500,000 
40,000,000 
29,500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
La carriere de Bibemus 
7,500,000 
35,000,000 
27,500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
LEGER, FERNAND 
Femme cousant 
16,000,000 
40,000,000 
24,000,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
BRANCUSI, CONSTANTIN 
Oiseau dans l'espace 
27,500,000 
50,000,000 
22,500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MONET, CLAUDE 
Nympheas 
22,500,000 
45,000,000 
22,500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
C ZANNE, PAUL 
Grenade et poires dans une assiette 
3,500,000 
25,000,000 
21,500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Buste de femme 
9,500,000 
30.000,000 
20,500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
RAPHAEL (RAFFAELLO 
SANZIO) 
Head of a Young Apostle 
30.000,000 
50.000,000 
20,000.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MUNCH, EDVARD 
Melancholy 
11.000,000 
30.000,000 
19,000.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Femme nue (painting) 3YKD2 
11.000,000 
30.000,000 
19,000.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
TURNER, JOSEPH WILLIAM 
MALLORD 
Goldau 
1.300,000 
20,000,000 
18,700.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Femande Olivier (sculpture), 1909 3XJHP 
2,750,000 
20,000,000 
17,250,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Crane sur une draperie (recto); Arbres et rochers a 
Bibemus (verso) 
1,750,000 
17,500,000 
15,750,000 
Page 1 
EFTA00592903
--- PAGE 2 ---
COLLATERAL 
Owner 
ist 
I 
le 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised value 
or purchase 
price + sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. 
VAN RIJN 
An old bearded man, seated 
2,450,000 
18,000,000 
15,550,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MATISSE, HENRI 
Marocaine en jaune (Zorah en jaune) 
10,000,000 
25,000,000 
15,000,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Le Jardinier Vallier; Le Marin 
49,000,000 
60,000,000 
11,000,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
RODIN. AUGUSTE 
Iris, messagere de Dieux 
1,000,000 
12,000,000 
11,000,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
KANDINSKY, WASSILY 
Improvisation 8 
25,000,000 
35,000,000 
10,000,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DEGAS, EDGAR 
Danseuses 
11,000,000 
20,000,000 
9,000,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MANET, EDOUARD 
Huitres 
6,000,000 
15,000,000 
9,000,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MIRO, JOAN 
Corde et personnages II 
6,500,000 
15,000,000 
8,500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
SERRA, RICHARD 
Double Torqued Ellipse II 
1,500,000 
10,000,000 
8,500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DE CHIRICO. GIORGIO 
La Surprise 
4.200,000 
12.500,000 
8,300.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
BECKMANN. MAX 
Tanzerin mit Tamburin 
1.825,000 
10,000,000 
8,175.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MIRO, JOAN 
Oiseau 
1.000,000 
8.500,000 
7,500.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
RAPHAEL (RAFFAELLO 
SANZIO) 
Head of a Muse 
43.000,000 
50.000,000 
7,000.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
BRAQUE, GEORGES 
Le Gueridon 
1.600,000 
8,000,000 
6,400.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
SERRA, RICHARD 
Betwixt the Torus and Sphere 
2.600.000 
9,000,000 
6,400,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MUNCH, EDVARD 
Kiosterudgarden (Aasgaardstrand) 
2,250,000 
8,500,000 
6,250,000 
Page 2 
EFTA00592904
--- PAGE 3 ---
COLLATERAL 
Owner 
ist 
I 
le 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised value 
or purchase 
price + sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
CHARDIN, JEAN-SIMEON 
Panier de peches, raisin blanc et noir avec rafraichissoir 
et verre a pied 
2,300,000 
8,000,000 
5,700,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
GOGH, VINCENT VAN 
Wheat fields with sheaves (Champs de ble avec gerbes) 
2,000,000 
7,000,000 
5,000,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DEGAS, EDGAR 
Le Repos 
3,800,000 
8,500,000 
4,700,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
GAUGUIN. PAUL 
Cylinder with Two Figures 
8,000,000 
12,500,000 
4,500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MOORE, HENRY 
Two-Piece Reclining Figure: Points 
4,000,000 
8,500,000 
4,500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
SMITH, DAVID 
Voltri-Bolton I 
2.500,000 
7.000,000 
4,500.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Tete d'homme a la pipe 
1,600,000 
6,000,000 
4,400,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MATISSE, HENRI 
Jeannette III 
1,650,000 
6,000,000 
4,350,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Study for 'Nude with Drapery' 
700,000 
5,000,000 
4,300,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Le grand juge 
1,200,000 
5.000,000 
3,800.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
RODIN, AUGUSTE 
Le Penseur, petit modele 
250,000 
4.000,000 
3,750.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DELACROIX, EUGENE 
Choc de cavaliers arabes 
8.300,000 
12,000,000 
3,700.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
LEONARDO DA VINCI 
Madonna del Gatto 
3.400,000 
7.000,000 
3,600.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MIRO, JOAN 
Femme poignardee par le soleil recitant des poemes 
fuses en formes geometriques du vol musical chauve- 
souris crachat de la mer 
1,400.000 
5.000,000 
3,600.000 
I 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Study for 'Head for Nude with Drapery' 
475,000 
4,000,000 
3,525.000 
Page 3 
EFTA00592905
--- PAGE 4 ---
COLLATERAL 
Owner 
ist 
le 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised value 
or purchase 
price + sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
KANDINSKY. WASSILY 
Entwurf zu "Komposition VII" 
1,500,000 
5,000,000 
3,500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
SCHIELE, EGON 
Zwei Akte 
600,000 
4,000,000 
3,400,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Bouteille et verre 
700,000 
4,000,000 
3,300,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
POLLOCK, JACKSON 
Number 8, 1951 
1,250,000 
4,500,000 
3,250,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MATISSE, HENRI 
Jeannette IV 
1,800,000 
5,000,000 
3,200,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MAILLOL, ARISTIDE 
L'Air (premier etat) 
825,000 
4,000,000 
3,175,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
CANALETTO (ANTONIO 
CANAL) 
The annual visit of the Doge to the Church of Santa 
Maria della Salute, Venice 
900,000 
4,000,000 
3,100,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
BRUEGEL THE ELDER, 
PIETER 
The Drunkard Pushed into the Pigsty 
5,000,000 
8,000,000 
3,000,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DEGAS, EDGAR 
Etude de nu pour 'La petit danseuse de quatorze ans' 
1,000,000 
4,000,000 
3,000,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
GORKY, ARSHILE 
Two Figures in an Interior (Agony) 
3,000,000 
6,000,000 
3,000.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
LEGER, FERNAND 
Dessin pour 'L'escalier' 
1,100,000 
4.000,000 
2,900.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
KLEE, PAUL 
K6nigsburg 
1.300,000 
4.000,000 
2,700.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
TURNER, JOSEPH WILLIAM 
MALLORD 
The Grand Canal, with Santa Maria della Salute. from 
near the Hotel Europa 
850,000 
3.500,000 
2,650.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
Maya y Celestina 
650,000 
3,000,000 
2,350.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
KELLY, ELLSWORTH 
Blue White 
2,250,000 
4,500,000 
2,250,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MATISSE, HENRI 
Jeannette V 
2,750,000 
5,000,000 
2,250,000 
Page 4 
EFTA00592906
--- PAGE 5 ---
COLLATERAL 
Owner 
ist 
lit 
e 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised value 
or purchase 
price + sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Groupe d'arbres 
1,300,000 
3,500,000 
2,200,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
REDON, ODILON 
Bouquet de fleurs 
2,800,000 
5,000,000 
2,200,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
SEURAT, GEORGES 
La Nourrice 
850,000 
3,000,000 
2,150,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
LEONARDO DA VINCI 
Old woman with beetling brow, wearing a tall pointy hat, 
in bust-length profile 
360,000 
2,500,000 
2,140,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
LEONARDO DA VINCI 
Snub-nosed man with a cowled hat, in bust-length profile 
360,000 
2,500,000 
2,140,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Baigneuses 
930,000 
3,000,000 
2,070,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
Gimiendo y Ilorando (Weeping and Wailing) 
940,000 
3,000,000 
2,060,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
LEGER, FERNAND 
Contraste de formes 
1,500,000 
3,500,000 
2,000,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DAVID, JACQUES-LOUIS 
Portrait de Francois-Antoine Rasse, Prince de Gavre 
2,100,000 
4,000,000 
1,900,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Tete de Fernande (sculpture), 1906 
625,000 
2.500,000 
1,875,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
GOGH, VINCENT VAN 
Les toits. Arles 
1,250,000 
3.000,000 
1,750,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
FRIEDRICH. CASPAR DAVID Das grosse Gehege, bei Dresden 
1.300,000 
3.000,000 
1,700.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
Three people round a dying man 
475,000 
2.000,000 
1,525,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
BLAKE, WILLIAM 
God Blessing the Seventh Day 
2.000,000 
3.500,000 
1,500.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
La culpa es tuya (It's all your fault) 
2,500,000 
4,000,000 
1,500.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
BONNARD, PIERRE 
Jeunes femmes au jardin 
2,600,000 
4,000,000 
1,400,000 
Page 5 
EFTA00592907
--- PAGE 6 ---
COLLATERAL 
•wner 
ist 
I 
le 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised value 
or purchase 
price + sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MANET, EDOUARD 
Portrait de Constantin Guys 
1,600,000 
3,000,000 
1,400,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
RODIN, AUGUSTE 
Les Bourgeois de Calais 
630,000 
2,000,000 
1,370,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
A Boy with a Blind Woman 
650,000 
2,000,000 
1,350,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
A Prisoner 
650,000 
2,000,000 
1,350,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MIRO, JOAN 
Spanish Dancer 
8,650,000 
10,000,000 
1,350.000, 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
COROT. JEAN-BAPTISTE- 
CAMILLE 
Le Rageur, Forel de Fontainebleau 
700,000 
2,000,000 
1,300,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
SEURAT, GEORGES 
Rayons 
700,000 
2,000,000 
1,300,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
SEURAT, GEORGES 
Arbres et bateaux 
1,750,000 
3,000,000 
1,250,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
TANSEY, MARK 
Homage to Susan Sontag 
50,000 
1,250,000 
1,200,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
La Bouillie: beggars eating mash 
375,000 
1.500,000 
1,125,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Sous-bois (recto): Chapeau et fleurs dans une bouteille 
(verso) 
3.000,000 
4.000,000 
1,000,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DEGAS, EDGAR 
Aux courses 
1,000,000 
2.000,000 
1,000,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO
DE 
Young woman fainting, surrounded by witches 
400,000 
1,400,000 
1,000,000 
Collateral 
(AP Narrows) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Paysage^ 
2,500,000 
3,500,000 
1,000,000 
I 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
SIGNORELLI, LUCA 
Study for a Seated Prophet 
900,000 
1,800,000 
900,000 
Page 6 
EFTA00592908
--- PAGE 7 ---
COLLATERAL 
Owner 
ist 
le 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised value 
or purchase 
price + sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
FRAGONARD, JEAN- 
HONORE 
La lecture 
650,000 
1,500,000 
850,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
ARP, JEAN 
Constellation de quatre formes blanches et d'une noire 
450,000 
1,250,000 
800,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
BALDUNG. HANS 
Head of a man, in three-quarter-profile to the left (recto); 
Heraldic sketches (verso) 
3,700,000 
4,500,000 
800,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DAUMIER. HONORE 
La Parade 
1,200,000 
2,000,000 
800,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MATISSE, HENRI 
Venus a la coquille II 
700,000 
1,500,000 
800,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
THIEBAUD. WAYNE 
Pink Swirl 
120,000 
900,000 
780,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PRUD'HON, PIERRE-PAUL 
Study for an Allegory of the Rhine River 
450,000 
1,200,000 
750,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
TOULOUSE-LAUTREC, 
HENRI DE 
La Coiffure 
1,000,000 
1,750,000 
750,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
VAN DYCK, SIR ANTHONY 
Two Studies of a Bearded Man 
7,250,000 
8,000,000 
750,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Portrait du fits de ('artiste (recto): Scene illustrant un recit 
romantique (verso) 
800,000 
1,500,000 
700.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Femme assise en blouse roumaine motifs de broderie 
3.300,000 
4.000,000 
700.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PRUD'HON, PIERRE-PAUL 
A woman seated holding a distaff (Clotho The Spinner). 
with two dogs at her feet 
500,000 
1,200,000 
700.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
SCHWITTERS, KURT 
Ohne Titel: Kurt Schwitters, Schriftsteller 
200,000 
850,000 
650.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
CASTELLANI. ENRICO 
Superficie bianca 
400,000 
1,000,000 
600.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
LORRAIN. CLAUDE 
(CLAUDE GELLEE) 
Landscape 
900,000 
1,500,000 
600,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Arlequ n moustachu a la guitare 
650,000 
1,250,000 
600,000 
Page 7 
EFTA00592909
--- PAGE 8 ---
COLLATERAL 
•wner 
ist 
I 
le 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised value 
or purchase 
price + sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Femme nue (drawing) 
650,000 
1,250,000 
600,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. 
VAN RIJN 
Christ Crucified Between Two Thieves (The Three 
Crosses), fourth state 
1,400,000 
2,000,000 
600,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
TIEPOLO, GIOVANNI 
BATTISTA 
The Firing Squad 
225,000 
800,000 
575,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
SCHIELE, EGON 
Selbstbildnis 
150,000 
700,000 
550,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
KLEE, PAUL 
Hexen-scene 
335,000 
850,000 
515,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
CEZANNE, PAUL 
Le Jardin des Lauves: Vue sur Aix et le Cathedrale de 
Saint Sauveur 
5,500,000 
6,000,000 
500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DEGAS, EDGAR 
Autoportrait 
300,000 
800,000 
500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
INGRES, JEAN-AUGUSTE- 
DOMINIQUE 
Raphael and the Fornarina 
1,500,000 
2,000,000 
500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Etude pour I'acteur and deux profils de Fernande 
1,000,000 
1,500,000 
500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
TURNER, JOSEPH WILLIAM 
MALLORD 
Kilgarren Castle, Pembrokeshire 
700,000 
1,200,000 
500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DELACROIX, EUGENE 
Tigre se lechant la patte 
225,000 
700,000 
475,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
GUARDI, FRANCESCO 
A regatta on the Grand Canal (recto): The Grand Canal 
with the Rialto Bridge (verso) 
1,025,000 
1.500,000 
475.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
GRIS, JUAN 
Nature morte 
400,000 
850,000 
450.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MILLET, JEAN-FRANCOIS 
La ravaudeuse (Madame Millet) 
570,000 
1,000,000 
430.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MILLET, JEAN-FRANCOIS 
Cooper tightening staves on a barrel 
300,000 
700,000 
400,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MOREAU, GUSTAVE 
Galatee 
215,000 
600,000 
385,000 
Page 8 
EFTA00592910
--- PAGE 9 ---
COLLATERAL 
•wner 
ist 
lit 
e 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised value 
or purchase 
price + sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
WATTEAU, JEAN-ANTOINE Tete d'homme coifee d'un chapeau, vue de profit et 
tournee vers la droite; une main droite levee; une main 
gauche tenant une canne 
415,000 
800,000 
385,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
RODIN. AUGUSTE 
L'Age d'Airain, petit modele 
25,000 
400,000 
375,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DAUMIER. HONORE 
La chanson a boire 
640,000 
1,000,000 
360.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MATISSE, HENRI 
Femme se reposant 
350,000 
700,000 
350,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. 
VAN RIJN 
A vagrant couple with a dog (recto); Unidentified studies 
in black chalk (verso) 
670,000 
1,000,000 
330,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MOREAU. GUSTAVE 
Le jeune homme et la mort (Hommage a Chasseriau) 
275,000 
600,000 
325,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
FUSELI, HENRY 
The Confederates Arriving at the Rutli 
90,000 
400,000 
310.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
FRA BARTOLOMMEO 
A double-sided sheet of studies of heads 
1,900,000 
2,200,000 
300,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
KANDINSKY. WASSILY 
Oben and links (Above and left) 
5,700,000 
6.000,000 
300.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
REDON, ODILON 
Poinsettia (La fleur rouge) 
200,000 
500,000 
300.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
SCHIELE, EGON 
Liegender Weiblicher Akt 
100,000 
400,000 
300.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
REDON, ODILON 
L'Araignee qui pleure 
560,000 
850,000 
290.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DAUMIER. HONORE 
Parade de saltimbanques 
1,500,000 
1,750,000 
250,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MIRO, JOAN 
Pastorale 
1,000,000 
1,250,000 
250,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
SPRANGER, 
BARTHOLOMAEUS 
Adam and Eve 
250,000 
500,000 
250,000 
Page 9 
EFTA00592911
--- PAGE 10 ---
COLLATERAL 
• IILL 
rust 
. le 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised value 
or purchase 
price + sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
REDON, ODILON 
La chute de Phaeton 
360,000 
600,000 
240,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
TIEPOLO, GIOVANNI 
BATTISTA 
The Calling of St. Peter 
185,000 
400,000 
215,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
BURNE-JONES. EDWARD 
The Wise and Foolish Virgins 
800,000 
1,000,000 
200,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
LELY. PETER 
A standing figure of a gentleman from the Procession of 
the Order of the Garter 
1,800,000 
2,000,000 
200,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
REDON, ODILON 
Caliban 
325,000 
500,000 
175,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MIRO, JOAN 
Untitled, 1933 
540,000 
700,000 
160.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DAVID, JACQUES-LOUIS 
Paris et Helene 
450,000 
600,000 
150,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MIRO, JOAN 
Oiseau lunaire 
3,850,000 
4,000,000 
150,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Le singe et le masque 
350,000 
500,000 
150,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
SCHAUFELEIN THE ELDER, 
HANS 
A landsknetcht turned to the left carrying a halberd 
(recto); Two studies of coats of arms (verso) 
350,000 
500,000 
150.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
BAROCCI, FEDERICO 
Studies of angels and children's heads (recto): Studies 
of legs and angels (verso) 
500,000 
600,000 
100.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
GERICAULT. THEODORE 
Episode de la guerre coloniale: noir sur un cheval cabre 
1.400,000 
1.500,000 
100.000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Untitled 
3.400,000 
3.500,000 
100.000 
100.000.
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
VASARI, GIORGIO 
Christ giving the keys to St. Peter 
600,000 
700,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DAVID, JACQUES-LOUIS 
The ghost of Septimius Severus appearing to Caracalla. 
after the murder of his brother Geta 
520,000 
600,000 
80,000 
Page 10 
EFTA00592912
--- PAGE 11 ---
COLLATERAL 
Owner 
ist 
I 
le 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised value 
or purchase 
price + sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
REDON, ODILON 
Le Cube (L'Oeil) 
325,000 
400,000 
75,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Portrait of Elie Faure 
800,000 
850,000 
50,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
REDON, ODILON 
La gloire noyee 
450,000 
500,000 
50,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
RUBENS. SIR PETER PAUL Nicodemus 
950,000 
1,000,000 
50,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MODIGLIANI. AMEDEO 
Caryatide de face, mains derriere la tete 
380,000 
400,000 
20,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
CALDER, ALEXANDER 
Spunk of the Monk 
18,000,000 
18,000,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DAUMIER. HONORE 
Galerie de tableaux (Les amateurs de tableaux) 
3,500,000 
3,500,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DEGAS, EDGAR 
Femme s'essuyant les cheveux' 
350,000 
350,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
KANDINSKY. WASSILY 
Skizze fur sintflut II (Sketch for Deluge II) 
30,000,000 
30.000,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
LORENZO DI CREDI 
Drapery study with the Christ Child standing on the 
Madonna's left knee 
1,000,000 
1.000,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
VOUET. SIMON 
Portrait of a woman with a veil 
400.000 
400,000 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Femme assise dans un fauteuil 
720,000 
700,000 
(20,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Tete de taureau 
630,000 
600,000 
(30,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
WATTEAU, JEAN-ANTOINE Landscape, after Campagnola 
550,000 
500,000 
(50,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
FRAGONARD, JEAN- 
HONORE 
L'ile d'amour (La Fête a Rambouillet) 
2,600,000 
2,500,000 
(100,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
INGRES, JEAN-AUGUSTE- 
DOMINIQUE 
Portrait de Mlle. Jeannette Hayard 
1,100,000 
1,000,000 
(100,000) 
Page 11 
EFTA00592913
--- PAGE 12 ---
COLLATERAL 
Owner 
ist 
I 
le 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised value 
or purchase 
price + sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
SCHIELE, EGON 
Sitzender Akt mit lila Strumpfen 
3,100,000 
3,000,000 
(100,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
POUSSIN, NICOLAS 
Phedre amoureuse et Pegase, d'apres ('antique 
730,000 
600,000 
(130,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PIRANESI, GIOVANNI 
BATTISTA 
Architectural fantasy with a colossal obelisk 
870,000 
700,000 
(170,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DELACROIX, EUGENE 
Portrait de Schmareck, tanneur a Tanger - Janvier 1832 
800,000 
600,000 
(200,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
WRIGHT OF DERBY, 
JOSEPH 
A Grotto in the Gulf of Salerno, Morning; A Grotto in the 
Gulf of Salerno, Evening 
1,400,000 
1,200,000 
(200,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
CARRACCI. ANNIBALE 
A Young Man lying on his back in a landscape 
2,525,000 
2,300,000 
(225,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
KLEE, PAUL 
Was fehlt ihm? 
4,250,000 
4,000,000 
(250,000) 
Collateral 
(AP Narrows) 
LORRAIN. CLAUDE 
(CLAUDE GELLEE) 
View of Civitavecchia with a Draughtsman and Figures; 
View of Santa Marinella with Riders on Horseback^ 
2,300,000 
2,000,000 
(300,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
TINTORETTO (JACOPO 
ROBUSTI) 
Study of male nude lying on the ground 
860,000 
500,000 
(360,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
KLEE, PAUL 
WI (In Memoriam) 
2,400,000 
2,000,000 
(400,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
DAVID, JACQUES-LOUIS 
Les amours de Paris et Helene 
4.500,000 
4.000,000 
(500,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
INGRES. JEAN-AUGUSTE- 
DOMINIQUE 
Baronin Charles-Athanase Walckenear. née Marie- 
Jeanne-Antoinette-Josephine Marcotte 
1,300,000 
800,000 
(500,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
CARPACCIO, VITTORE 
Study of a lion 
1,850,000 
1,200,000 
(650,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MATISSE, HENRI 
Rendering of the Barnes Mural in Progress 
2,000,000 
1,250,000 
(750,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
GONZALEZ, JULIO 
Homme gothique 
2,800,000 
2,000,000 
(800,000) 
Page 12 
EFTA00592914
--- PAGE 13 ---
COLLATERAL 
•wner 
ist 
le 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised value 
or purchase 
price + sales tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
VERONESE, IL (PAOLO 
CALLIARI) 
Madonna and Child with two Saints 
2,525,000 
1,500,000 
(1,025,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MANET, EDOUARD 
La Posada 
2,750,000 
1,500,000 
(1,250,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
SMITH, DAVID 
Cubi II 
24,000,000 
22,500,000 
(1,500,000) 
Collateral 
(AP Narrows) 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
El Gayumbo (Bull Held by a Gord)^ 
12,000,000 
10,000,000 
(2,000,000) 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
MANET, EDOUARD 
Portrait de Berthe Morisot 
23,000,000 
20,000,000 
(3,000,000) 
I 
Collateral 
(Narrows) 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Tete d'homme (Bust d'homme aux bras croise) 
9.000,000 
4.000,000 
(5.000,000) 
698,505,000 
1,400,200,000 
701,695,000 
^ Work is collateral on the Bank of America line and was transferred to AP Narrows LP in anticipation of sale (which has not happened). 
Page 13 
EFTA00592915

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592916.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592916.pdf
----------------------------------------
LEON D. BLACK 
Owner 
Mist 
Title 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
price + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
LDS 
PONTORMO (JACOPO 
CARUCCI) 
Study of a seated youth (recto): Study of a lower torso 
and legs (verso) 
9,000,000 
10,000,000 
1,000,000' 
LDS 
GIACOMETTI, DIEGO 
Lustre prevu pour l'entree du Musee Picasso a l'Hotel 
Sale (chandelier) 
1,450,000 
2,000,000 
550,000 
LDS 
STRADANUS. IL (JAN VAN 
DER STRAET) 
Book of drawings: An album of 16 illustrations to 
Dante. with accompanying texts: original binding 
1,700,000 
2,000,000 
300,000 
LDB 
MIERIS, FRANS VAN 
The unwelcome news 
200,000 
300,000 
100,000 
LDB 
BLAKE, WILLIAM 
Illustrations of the Book of Job (6384687) 
50,000 
130,000 
80,000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI, ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele 'figure' 
130,000 
200,000 
70,000 
LDB 
GHEYN II, JACQUES DE 
Marcus Curtius Leaping on Horseback into the Abyss 
(recto); Further studies of the same (verso) 
60,000 
70,000 
10,000 
LDB 
GOLTZIUS, HENDRICK 
Mars and Venus (recto): Two female nudes, with 
cupid and a vase (verso) 
240,000 
250,000 
10,000 
LDB 
ALDEGREVER, HEINRICH 
Self-portrait aged 35' 
35.000 
35.000 
LDB 
ALTDORFER, ALBRECHT 
The Holy Family at the Fountain' 
60.000 
60.000 
LDB 
ANDREANI, ANDREA (AFTER 
ANDREA MANTEGNA) 
The Triumph of Julius Caesar* 
50,000 
50.000 
LDB 
ASSELIJN, JAN 
Preparatory study for the famous print series depicting 
Rome of G. Perelle no. 4 (from Paul Russell) 
330.000 
330.000 
LDB 
AVERCAMP. HENDRIK 
Ice Scene (from Paul Russell) 
1.377,000 
1,377,000 
LDB 
AVERCAMP. HENDRIK 
Vessls off the shore, a Gallows in the middle distance 
and the City of Amsterdam beyond (from Paul 
Russell) 
1.100,000 
1,100,000 
LDB 
BALDUNG. HANS 
Adam and Eve* 
20.000 
20.000 
LDB 
BALDUNG. HANS 
St. Sebastian 
245.000 
245.000 
LDB 
BEERSTRATEN. JAN 
ABRAHAMSZ 
Untitled (from Paul Russell) 
330,000 
330,000 
LDB 
BEHAM, BARTHEL 
The Madonna by the Window' 
80,000 
80,000 
LDB 
BEHAM. HANS SEBALD 
The Lovers' 
80.000 
80.000 
Page 1 
EFTA00592916
--- PAGE 2 ---
LEON D. BLACK 
Owner 
Mist 
Title 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
price + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
LDB 
BERNINI, GIOVANNI 
LORENZO 
Portrait of Ottaviano Castelli 
250,000 
250,000 
LDB 
BLOEMAERT, ABRAHAM 
Head and arm studies of young men (recto); A draped 
figure wearing a mitre (verso) 
400,000 
400,000 
LDB 
BOL, FERDINAND 
A View on Dordrecht (from Paul Russell) 
551,000 
551,000 
LDB 
BORCH, GERARD TER 
Study of the head of a young man (from Paul Russell) 
220,000 
220,000 
LDB 
BOSSCHAERT, AMBROSIUS 
Untitled (from Paul Russell) 
220,000 
220,000 
LDB 
BOTH, JAN 
Study of a man holding a basket (from Paul Russell) 
193,000 
193,000 
LDS 
BURGKMAIR. HANS 
Lovers Surprised by Death (6406290) 
650,000 
650,000 
LDB 
BURGKMAIR. HANS 
The Apocalypse* 
40,000 
40,000 
LDB 
BURGKMAIR. HANS 
Wie de jung weiss kunig" 
25,000 
25,000 
LDB 
CALDER, ALEXANDER 
Jenny Sargent McKean 
1,090,000 
1,090,000 
LDB 
CALDER, ALEXANDER 
Untitled (6350654)* 
3,000 
3,000 
LDB 
CARRACCI. ANNIBALE 
Venus and a Satyr 
12,000 
12,000 
LDB 
Collectibles 
"A Day in the Life" lyrics 
1,310,000 
1,310,000 
LDB 
Collectibles 
Beatles Rickenbacker guitar 
660.000 
660.000 
LDB 
Collectibles 
Godfather script 
20.000 
20.000 
LDB 
Collectibles 
John Lennon's Gibson acoustic guitar 
2,615.000 
2,615.000 
LDB 
CRANACH THE ELDER, 
LUCAS 
Marcus Curtius Plunging into the Chasm' 
15.000 
15,000 
LDB 
CRANACH THE ELDER, 
LUCAS 
Saxon Prince on a Boar Hunt" 
30.000 
30.000 
LDB 
CRANACH THE ELDER, 
LUCAS 
The Sermon of Saint John the Baptist" 
30.000 
30.000 
LDB 
CUYP, ALBERT 
Cow (from Paul Russell) 
385,000 
385,000 
LDB 
CUYP, ALBERT 
Preparatory study for Albert Cuyp painting in Dulwich 
College, England (from Paul Russell) 
3,085,000 
3,085,000 
LDB 
DOOMER, LAMBERT 
Farmhouse near Nantes (from Paul Russell) 
220,000 
220,000 
Page 2 
EFTA00592917
--- PAGE 3 ---
LEON D. BLACK 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
ppraised 
value 
or purchase 
price + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
LDB 
DOOMER, LAMBERT 
Landscape near Arnhem, the Netherlands (from Paul 
Russell) 
250,000 
250,000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Coat of Arms with a Cock* 
70.000 
70.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Hercules, or The Effects of Jealousy' 
150,000 
150,000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Saint Jerome in his Cell* 
60.000 
60.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Dream of the Doctor 
218,000 
218,000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Engraved Passion* 
200.000 
200.000 
LDS 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Holy Family with Saints Joachim and Anna under 
a Tree' 
40,000 
40,000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Madonna and Child on a Crescent Moon* 
50.000 
50.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Nativity' 
200,000 
200,000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Ravisher" 
180.000 
180.000 
LDB 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
The Sudarium held by two Angels" 
60,000 
60,000 
LDB 
GALLE, PHILIPS (AFTER 
PIETER BRUEGEL THE 
ELDER) 
The Alchemist' 
50,000 
50,000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL (15TH 
CENTURY) 
Adam and Eve; St. Sebastian" 
40.000 
40,000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL (15TH 
CENTURY) 
Saint Christopher' 
350.000 
350,000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL (15TH 
CENTURY) 
The Adoration of the Magi 
30,000 
30,000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL (15TH 
CENTURY) 
The Temptation of Christ" 
40.000 
40.000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL (15TH 
CENTURY) 
The Virgin and Child on a Crescent Moon' 
180.000 
180.000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL (15TH 
CENTURY) 
The Virgin with Child holding a Flower" 
40,000 
40,000 
LDB 
GERMAN SCHOOL (15TH 
CENTURY) 
Woman with a Rose, a Banderole and a Lap Dog* 
30,000 
30,000 
Page 3 
EFTA00592918
--- PAGE 4 ---
LEON D. BLACK 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
CHRISTIE'S 
li
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
price + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
LDS 
GHEYN, JACQUES DE 
Studies of a woman (recto): Studies of hands (verso) 
(from Paul Russell) 
825,000 
825,000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI, ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele ifeuille'" 
200,000 
200,000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI, ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele 'osselet', deuxierne version" 
200,000 
200,000 
LDS 
GIACOMETTI, DIEGO 
Console avec deux crapauds et deux moineaux l'un 
avec les ailes deployees* 
600,000 
600,000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI, DIEGO 
Crapaud (sitting on the above console table)" 
15.000 
15,000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI, DIEGO 
Fauteuil aux toles de lionnes, seconde version, pieds 
anterieurs en griffes et lions (a pair)" 
150,000 
I 
150,000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI, DIEGO 
Fauteuil aux toles de lionnes, seconde version, pieds 
anterieurs en griffes et lions (a pair)" 
150,000 
150,000 
LDS 
GIACOMETTI, DIEGO 
Table a oiseau et coupelle" 
400,000 
400,000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI, DIEGO 
Table carcasse basse avec harpie" 
150,000 
150,000 
LDB 
GIACOMETTI, DIEGO 
Table feuilles aux oiseaux et grenouilles" 
300,000 
300,000 
LDB 
GILLOT, CLAUDE 
Le tombeau de Maitre Andre 
153,000 
153,000 
LDB 
GOLTZIUS, HENDRIK 
Goats (recto and verso) (from Paul Russell) 
551,000 
551.000 
LDB 
GRAF, URS 
Passio domini nostri Jesu Christi - Die Figuren der 
Passion oder des Leidens Christi" 
25.000 
25.000 
LDB 
GREUZE. JEAN-BAPTISTE 
Portrait of a young gentleman 
450,000 
450.000 
LDB 
HAARLEM. CORNELIS VAN 
Studies of Figures for a Representation of the Flood 
(The Flood, recto; Studies of figures, verso) (from 
Paul Russell) 
606,000 
606,000 
LDB 
HIRSCHVOGEL, AUGUSTIN 
Castle Yard" 
60.000 
60.000 
LDB 
HIRSCHVOGEL, AUGUSTIN 
Landscape with a Church' 
40.000 
40.000 
LDB 
HOOGSTRATEN, SAMUEL 
VAN 
John the Baptist in prison receives Christ's answer 
(Matthew II: 2-6) (from Paul Russell) 
193.000 
193.000 
LDB 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Steigendes Pferd mit Reiter 
147,000 
147,000 
LDB 
KONINCK, PHILIPS 
View of Zijpe (from Paul Russell) 
716,000 
716,000 
Page 4 
EFTA00592919
--- PAGE 5 ---
LEON D. BLACK 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
5/11/16 
I
orHRISTIE'S 
ppraised 
value 
purchase 
price + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
LDB 
LAUTENSACK, HANNS 
SEBALD 
Landscape with a Fortress and a big Stairway' 
70,000 
70,000 
LDB 
LIEVENS, JAN 
Portrait. probably of the well-known poet Joost van 
den Vondel (from Paul Russell) 
551,000 
551,000 
LDB 
LOWER RHENISH OR 
FLEMISH SCHOOL (15TH 
CENTURY) 
A Letter of Indulgence: Christ as the Man of Sorrows 
standing in the Tomb, with the instruments of the 
Passion, behind Him at lett Saint Bernhard of 
Clairvaux, at right an unidentified Bishop" 
60,000 
60,000 
193.000 
LDB 
MAES, NICOLAES 
Figure studies (from Paul Russell) 
193.000 
LDB 
MAES, NICOLAES 
Study of Hamar pleading with Esther (from Paul 
Russell) 
193,000 
I 
193,000 
LDB 
MAES, NICOLAS 
A View on Dordrecht (from Paul Russell) 
496,000 
496,000 
LDB 
MASTER BXG 
Saint Anthony visiting Saint Paul the Hermit" 
200,000 
200,000 
LDB 
MASTER M.Z. 
Aristotle and Phyllis" 
40,000 
40,000 
LDB 
MASTER M.Z. 
The Embrace* 
30.000 
30.000 
LDB 
MASTER OF THE AACHEN 
MADONNA 
The Man of Sorrows standing with Symbols of the 
Passion* 
150.000 
150,000 
LDB 
MASTER OF THE DUTUIT 
MOUNT OF OLIVES 
The Agony in the Garden" 
40.000 
40.000 
LDB 
MASTER OF THE 
MARTYRDOM OF THE TEN 
THOUSAND 
Christ and the Woman of Samaria" 
40.000 
40.000 
LDB 
MECKENEM, ISRAHEL VAN 
An upright ornamental Panel with scrolling Foliage 
and eight naked Figures' 
180.000 
180.000 
LDB 
MECKENEM, ISRAHEL VAN 
Ornament with Morris Dancers' 
250,000 
250,000 
LDB 
MECKENEM, ISRAHEL VAN 
Ornament with seated Lovers, Birds and Beasts" 
200,000 
200,000 
LDB 
MECKENEM, ISRAHEL VAN 
The Couple Seated on the Bed" 
100,000 
100,000 
Page 5 
EFTA00592920
--- PAGE 6 ---
LEON D. BLACK 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
price + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
LDB 
MECKENEM, ISRAHEL VAN 
The Dance at the Court of King Herod" 
150,000 
150,000 
LDB 
MECKENEM, ISRAHEL VAN 
The Life of the Virgin' 
400,000 
400,000 
LDB 
MECKENEM, ISRAHEL VAN 
The Lutenist and the Harpist" 
80,000 
80,000 
LDB 
MECKENEM, ISRAHEL VAN 
The Organ Player and his Wife" 
40,000 
40,000 
LDB 
MUNIZ, VIK 
Happy View 
11,000 
11,000 
LDB 
NESHAT, SHIRIN 
Untitled (Hands)" 
6,000 
6,000 
LDB 
ORSI, LELIO 
Apollo and Marsyas 
833,000 
833,000 
LDB 
OSTADE, ADRIAEN VAN 
Untitled (from Paul Russell) 
936,000 
936,000 
LDB 
PIJNACKER, ADAM 
Bridge in an Italianate landscape (from Paul Russell) 
275,000 
275,000 
LDB 
POBLET, MABEL 
Acompanada (Accompanied) 
2,700 
2,700 
LDB 
POBLET, MABEL 
Susurro (Whisper) 
4,900 
4,900 
LDB 
POBLET, MABEL 
Susurro II (Whisper II) 
1,100 
1,100 
LDB 
POLIDORO DA CARAVAGGIO The Virgin Mary and the Holy Women 
300.000 
300.000 
LDB 
POTTER. PAULUS 
A bull (from Paul Russell) 
165,000 
165.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. 
VAN RIJN 
Adam and Eve" 
70.000 
70.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. 
VAN RIJN 
Christ at Emmaus: the Larger Plate' 
250.000 
250.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. 
VAN RIJN 
Christ driving the Money Changers from the Temple" 
50.000 
50.000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. 
VAN RIJN 
Farmhouse (from Paul Russell) 
11,000,000 
11,000,000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. 
VAN RIJN 
Jan Cornelis Sylvius, Preacher" 
30,000 
30,000 
Page 6 
EFTA00592921
--- PAGE 7 ---
LEON D. BLACK 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
price + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
LDS 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. 
VAN RIJN 
Josef pulled out of the well by his brothers (from Paul 
Russell) 
5,000,000 
5,000,000 
LDS 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. 
VAN RIJN 
The Adoration of the Shepherds with the Lamp* 
180,000 
180,000 
LDS 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. 
VAN RIJN 
The Agony in the Garden* 
350,000 
350,000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. 
VAN RIJN 
The Descent from the Cross by Torchlight* 
120,000 
120,000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. 
VAN RIJN 
The Goldsmith* 
30.000 
30.000 
LDS 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. 
VAN RIJN 
The Little Jewish Bride (Saskia as Saint Catherine)* 
75,000 
75,000 
LDS 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. 
VAN RIJN 
The Triumph of Mordecai" 
100,000 
I 
100,000 
LDB 
REMBRANDT HARMENSZ. 
VAN RIJN 
The Virgin and Child with the Cat and Snake* 
100,000 
100,000 
LDB 
ROGHMAN, ROELANDT 
Castle of Kapelle (from Paul Russell) 
165,000 
165,000 
LDB 
RUBENS. SIR PETER PAUL 
Two nude men dragged down by demons and lifted 
up by three partly robed figures. after Michelangelo 
2,000.000 
2,000.000 
LDB 
RUYSDAEL. JACOB VAN 
Panoramic view of Wageningen (recto); Sketch of a 
river landscape with boats (verso) (from Paul Russell) 
716,000 
716,000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD. URSULA VON Sunrises Thin Rays. GL10463 
14.000 
14.000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD. URSULA VON Untitled 
558.000 
558.000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD. URSULA VON Untitled. GL 10213 
14.000 
14.000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD. URSULA VON Untitled. GL 10267 
14.000 
14.000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD. URSULA VON Untitled. GL10214 
14.000 
14.000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD. URSULA VON Untitled. GL10462 
14.000 
14.000 
LDB 
RYDINGSVARD. URSULA VON Untitled. GL10464 
14.000 
14.000 
LDB 
SAINT-AUBIN. GABRIEL DE 
L'Incendie de I'Hotel-Dieu 
462.000 
462.000 
Page 7 
EFTA00592922
--- PAGE 8 ---
LEON D. BLACK 
Owner 
Mist 
Title 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
ppraised 
value 
or purchase 
price + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
LDB 
SAMARAS, LUCAS 
Box #4 
644,000 
644,000 
LDB 
SCHONGAUER. MARTIN 
Saint John on Patmos" 
350.000 
350.000 
LDB 
SCHONGAUER, MARTIN 
The Coronation of the Virgin* 
400,000 
400,000 
LDB 
SCHONGAUER, MARTIN 
The Dormition of the Virgin 
436,000 
436,000 
LDB 
SCHONGAUER, MARTIN 
The Wise and Foolish Virgins* 
1,200,000 
1,200,000 
LDB 
SERRA, RICHARD 
London Cross (purchase in progress; $1.6 million paid 
to date) 
8,600,000 
8,600,000 
LDB 
STRUTH. THOMAS 
The Black Family" 
225.000 
225.000 
LDB 
VELDE. ADRIAEN VAN DE 
Two female nudes (from Paul Russell) 
441.000 
441.000 
LDB 
VELDE. JAN VAN DE 
Landscape (from Paul Russell) 
385.000 
385.000 
LDB 
VENNE, ADRIAEN PIETERSZ 
VAN DE 
Couple (from Paul Russell) 
330,000 
330,000 
LDB 
VISSCHER, CORNELIS 
Moor with an Arrow (from Paul Russell) 
330,000 
330,000 
LDB 
WIERINGEN, CORNELIS 
CLAESZ. VAN 
Seascape (from Pauk Russell) 
300,000 
300,000 
LDB 
POBLET, MABEL 
Narciso/Narcissus (from the series 'Desapariencia') 
6,500 
4,000 
(2,500) 
LDB 
COYPEL, CHARLES-ANTOINE Etude de tete 
80.000 
75.000 
(5,000) 
LDB 
KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Melon Leaf (Feuille de Melon) 
15.000 
5.000 
(10.000) 
LDB 
PARDO. JORGE 
Untitled (set of five glass lamps) 
115.000 
90.000 
(25,000) 
LDB 
CARRACCI. ANNIBALE 
Return of the Prodigal Son 
340.000 
300.000 
(40,000) 
LDB 
BOUCHER, FRANCOIS 
Sheet of studies of a turbanned head, a foot and 
hands holding a sword and a stick 
850.000 
800.000 
(50,000) 
LDB 
VIGEE-LE BRUN. ELISABETH 
Self-portrait in a feathered hat 
570.000 
500.000 
(70,000) 
LDB 
ZUCCARO, TADDEO 
A study of a standing male figure, a prophet 
830.000 
760,000 
(70,000) 
LDB 
GERARD, BARON FRANCOIS 
PASCAL SIMON 
Cupid and Psyche 
200,000 
100,000 
(100.000) 
LDB 
ZUCCARO, TADDEO 
A Bacchic procession with drunken Silenus 
370,000 
250,000 
(120,000) 
Page 8 
EFTA00592923
--- PAGE 9 ---
LEON D. BLACK 
Owner 
Artist 
Title 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
price + sales 
Unrealized 
tax 
Gain/Loss 
LDB 
STIMMER. TOBIAS 
Saul Threatenin• David with a Sear 
2,000,000 
1,875,000 
125,000 
LDB 
MICHAELANGELO 
The head and torso of a man looking down to the 
left/Study of his left shoulder and two studies of his 
right shoulder (recto); The musculature of the hip and 
thigh of the right leg/architectural profile (verso) 
5,250,000 
5,000,000 
(250,000) 
LDB 
CARRACCI. LUDOVICO 
St. John the Evan•elist 
950.000 
500.000 
450.000 
LDB 
DUVET, JEAN 
L'Apocalypse figuree (The Illustrated Apocalypse) 
3,000,000 
2,500,000 
(500,000) 
92,285,200 
92,587,700 
302,500 
• Basis is to be determined and is assumed to be current value. Most works are either very low value and purchased long ago or part o group 
purchases of Old Master Prints. I am going to have George Goldner help me allocate the basis for the group purchases. 
Page 9 
EFTA00592924

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592925.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592925.pdf
----------------------------------------
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC (NON-COLLATERAL) 
Owner 
Me 
Basis 
ISTIE'S 
11/16 
praised 
value 
or purchase 
price + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Narrows 
GOGH, VINCENT VAN 
Jardin de fleurs 
8,500,000 
25,000,000 
16,500,000 
Narrows 
MICHAELANGELO 
The Risen Christ (recto); Figure studies (verso) 
13,300,000 
25,000,000 
11,700,000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI, DIEGO 
Grande table hexagonale aux arbres (SRZJC) avec modele 
de chaise (8) (6367238) 
1,000,000 
2,200,000 
1,200,000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI, ALBERTO 
Earthenware fireplace surround 
400,000 
1,250,000 
850,000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI, DIEGO 
Console a double plateaux, modele a grenouilles 
100,000 
400,000 
300,000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI, DIEGO 
Console a double plateaux, modele a grenouilles 
100,000 
400,000 
300,000 
Narrows 
GORMLEY. ANTONY 
Together and Apart 
80.000 
350,000 
270,000 
Narrows 
MONDRIAN. PIET 
Chrysanthemum 
140.000 
350,000 
210,000 
Narrows 
BEARDSLEY. AUBREY 
Lady Gold's Escort (from The Yellow Book Vol. III) 
45.000 
240,000 
195,000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI, ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele 'grande feuille', version fine 
15,000 
200,000 
185,000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI, ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele 'grande feuille', version fine 
15,000 
200,000 
185,000 
Narrows 
BOILLY. LOUIS-LEOPOLD 
Preparatory study for 'Le Jeu d'Echecs' 
140,000 
300,000 
160,000 
Narrows 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Bacchus et jeune femme nue 
90,000 
250,000 
160,000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI, ALBERTO 
Autoportrait 
100.000 
250,000 
150,000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. ALBERTO 
Lampe modele 'etoile' (a pair) 
60.000 
200,000 
140,000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO 
Lampe hibou (a pair) 
165.000 
300,000 
135,000 
Narrows 
SIGNAC, PAUL 
La Salis. Antibes 
45.000 
175,000 
130.000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI. DIEGO 
Table basse aux caryatides 
175.000 
300,000 
125,000 
Narrows 
REDON. ODILON 
Satyre 
180.000 
300,000 
120.000 
Narrows 
DROUAIS. JEAN-GERMAIN 
Marius a Minturnes 
45.000 
150.000 
105.000 
Narrows 
REDON. ODILON 
Satan dominant le monde 
160.000 
250,000 
90,000 
Narrows 
CONSTABLE. JOHN 
A View in Borrowdale 
70.000 
150,000 
80,000 
Narrows 
KHNOPFF, FERNAND 
De animalite 
120.000 
200,000 
80,000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI, DIEGO 
Pedestal a I'oiseau 
325,000 
400,000 
75,000 
Narrows 
KHNOPFF, FERNAND 
Dessin 
75,000 
150,000 
75,000 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI, ALBERTO 
Lampadaire modele 'figure' 
130,000 
200,000 
70,000 
Narrows 
ROSSETTI, DANTE GABRIEL 
Studies for the Head of the Farmer in "Found" 
30,000 
100,000 
70,000 
Narrows 
ROSSETTI, DANTE GABRIEL 
The Sun May Shine and We Be Cold 
35,000 
90,000 
55,000 
Narrows 
DELACROIX, EUGENE 
Cavalier mamelouk au galop 
150,000 
200,000 
50,000 
Narrows 
ENSOR. JAMES 
La puce 
50,000 
100,000 
50,000 
Page 1 
EFTA00592925
--- PAGE 2 ---
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC (NON-COLLATERAL) 
Owner 
11"
Basis 
Basis 
ISTIE'S 
11/16 
praised 
value 
or purchase 
price + sales 
tax 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI, DIEGO 
Lampe en forme bougeoir (a pair) 
30,000 
80,000 
50,000 
Narrows 
DIX, OTTO 
Bautzen VI 
15,000 
60,000 
45,000 
Narrows 
ZIMMERMAN, ELYN 
Stalled Cairn 
80,000 
125,000 
45,000 
Narrows 
LIN, MAYA 
Wire landscape 
30,000 
70,000 
40,000 
Narrows 
MENZEL, ADOLPH VON 
Studies of a man eating from a bowl 
30,000 
70,000 
40,000 
Narrows 
MILLER, HARLAND 
Love and Other Crimes 
20,000 
60,000 
40,000 
Narrows 
DELACROIX, EUGENE 
Three male nudes 
25,000 
60,000 
35,000 
Narrows 
JORDAENS, JACOB 
Study of a man seen from behind 
315,000 
350,000 
35,000 
Narrows 
MENZEL, ADOLPH VON 
Hand of a woman holding a cane 
20,000 
50,000 
30,000 
Narrows 
RANSON, PAUL 
Jeune femme a sa toilette 
20,000 
50,000 
30,000 
Narrows 
BOTERO, FERNANDO 
El guitarrista 
10,000 
35,000 
25,000 
Narrows 
ISABEY, JEAN-BAPTISTE 
Portrait de Talleyrand 
7,000 
30,000 
23,000 
Narrows 
BONHEUR, ROSA RAYMOND 
Study for 'The Horse Fair' 
8,500 
30,000 
21,500 
Narrows 
KAHN, WOLF 
Toward Blue Woods 
4,000 
20,000 
16,000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI, REZA 
Dark Soil I (from Sand Painting Series) 
10,000 
25,000 
15,000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI, REZA 
Dark Soil II (from Sand Painting Series) 
10,000 
25,000 
15,000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI, REZA 
Dark Soil III (from Sand Painting Series) 
10,000 
25,000 
15,000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI. REZA 
Dark Soil IV (from Sand Painting Series) 
10,000 
25,000 
15,000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI. REZA 
Dark Soil V (from Sand Painting Series) 
10.000 
25,000 
15.000 
Narrows 
VON STUCK, FRANZ 
Steam Power 
6.500 
20,000 
13,500 
Narrows 
BERNARD, EMILE 
Deux femmes 
2,500 
12,500 
10.000 
Narrows 
BRESDIN, RODOLPHE 
Le Bon Samaritain 
90,000 
100,000 
10.000 
Narrows 
GORMLEY, ANTONY 
Base 
2.500 
12.500 
10.000 
Narrows 
GORMLEY, ANTONY 
Home of the Heart IV 
2.500 
12,500 
10,000 
Narrows 
GORMLEY, ANTONY 
Sense 
2,500 
12,500 
10,000 
Narrows 
KAHN, WOLF 
Late Fall Haze 
20,000 
30,000 
10,000 
Narrows 
ENSOR, JAMES 
Le combat des demons (Diables rossant anges et archanges) 
2,000 
10,000 
8,000 
Narrows 
GRAHAM, JOHN 
Horse and Rider 
5,000 
12,500 
7,500 
Narrows 
NOLDE, EMIL 
Salomo and seine Frauen 
4,500 
12,000 
7,500 
Narrows 
BOLOTOWSKY, ILYA 
Untitled, 1973 (4GXK2) 
1,500 
7,000 
5,500 
Page 2 
EFTA00592926
--- PAGE 3 ---
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC (NON-COLLATERAL) 
Owner 
ist 
Or 
Basis 
ISTIE'S 
11/16 
praised
praised 
value 
purchase 
price + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Narrows 
DELACROIX, EUGENE 
Recontre de cavaliers Maures 
5,000 
10,000 
5,000 
Narrows 
DENIS, MAURICE 
Maternite aux cypres 
5,000 
10,000 
5,000 
Narrows 
KAHN, WOLF 
Evening Light 
5,000 
10,000 
5,000 
Narrows 
MAILLOL, ARISTIDE 
Modele nu de dos 
20,000 
25,000 
5,000 
Narrows 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Deux femmes batifolant sur un matelas de plage, Series 347, 
Plate 285 
3,000 
8,000 
5,000 
Narrows 
RIVERA. DIEGO 
Cabeza de una tehuana (Retrato de juchiteca) 
35,000 
40,000 
5,000 
Narrows 
SAINT-AUBIN, GABRIEL DE 
Victory of Tarquin over the Sabines and Etruscans 
25,000 
30,000 
5,000 
Narrows 
CRAWFORD, ELIZABETH 
The Great Game 
1,000 
4,500 
3,500 
Narrows 
ELIZONDO. ARTURO 
Ardores clandestinos 
4.000 
7,000 
3,000 
Narrows 
KAHN, WOLF 
Barn in Fog 
1,000 
4,000 
3,000 
Narrows 
KAHN, WOLF 
Returning to Harbor (in Martha's Vineyard) 
2,000 
4,000 
2,000 
Narrows 
HARTLEY, MARSDEN 
Twisted Roots (Tree Study) 
7,000 
8,500 
1,500 
Narrows 
RUSKIN, JOHN 
Spur of Piazzetta Shaft, Venice 
6,500 
8,000 
1,500 
Narrows 
CAVALLON, GIORGIO 
Untitled, 1950 (3XJKF) 
8,000 
9,000 
1,000 
Narrows 
CAVALLON, GIORGIO 
Untitled, 1950 (3XJKG) 
8,000 
9,000 
1,000 
Narrows 
CAVALLON, GIORGIO 
Untitled, 1951 (3Y47P) 
8.000 
9,000 
1,000 
Narrows 
DINE, JIM 
Self-Portrait Head 
1.200 
2,000 
800 
Narrows 
AVERY, MILTON 
Dark Trees. Pale Mountain" 
15.000 
15,000 
Narrows 
BARYE, ANTOINE-LOUIS 
Lion Marchant (6360902)" 
10.000 
10,000 
Narrows 
BELLOWS, GEORGE WESLEY 
Nude Reclining' 
15.000 
15,000 
Narrows 
BONNARD, PIERRE 
Nature morte aux fruits 
70.000 
70,000 
Narrows 
CHUN. KWANG YOUNG 
Aggregation 05-F011' 
125.000 
125.000 
Narrows 
CHUN. KWANG YOUNG 
Aggregation 05-J003" 
125.000 
125,000 
Narrows 
CORBETT, EDWARD 
Untitled" 
4.500 
4,500 
Narrows 
CORBETT, EDWARD 
Washington, DC 1970' 
8.000 
8,000 
Narrows 
CORBETT, EDWARD 
Washington, DC April 1965 #14" 
8,000 
8,000 
Narrows 
CUEVAS, JOSE LUIS 
Self-portrait like Rimbaud in Charenton' 
4,000 
4,000 
Narrows 
DAVID, JACQUES-LOUIS 
Portrait d'un revolutionnaire de profit gauche 
250,000 
250,000 
Narrows 
DERAIN. ANDRE 
Cheval" 
40,000 
40,000 
Narrows 
DERAKSHANI, REZA 
Black Figs* 
125,000 
125,000 
Page 3 
EFTA00592927
--- PAGE 4 ---
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC (NON-COLLATERAL) 
Owner 
IP 
lir 
Basis 
RISTIE'S 
11/16 
praised 
value 
purchase 
Price + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Narrows 
ERNST, JIMMY 
Into Night' 
12,500 
12,500 
Narrows 
ERNST, JIMMY 
Landscape Variation no. 6" 
1,000 
1,000 
Narrows 
ERNST, MAX 
Hibou-Arlequin' 
3,500 
3,500 
Narrows 
ERNST, MAX 
Masques" 
5,000 
5,000 
Narrows 
ERNST. MAX 
Rhythms* 
2.000 
2,000 
Narrows 
FRATIN, CHRISTOPHE 
Le cavalier arabe attaque par un lion (La chasse au lion)' 
15,000 
15,000 
Narrows 
GUSSOW, ROY 
Isomorphic Pair* 
2,500 
2,500 
Narrows 
KAHN, WOLF 
#50, Black Barn, White Dwelling" 
20,000 
20,000 
Narrows 
KAHN, WOLF 
Vineyard Sunset" 
2,000 
2,000 
Narrows 
KLEE, PAUL 
Invention 7 - Ein Mann versinkt vor der Kronoze' 
200,000 
200,000 
Narrows 
LAUGE, ACHILLE 
Landscape" 
5,000 
5,000 
Narrows 
LEE, JENNY 
Half-Note No. 8* 
2,000 
2,000 
Narrows 
LEE, JENNY 
Song for a Sculptor' 
2,000 
2,000 
Narrows 
LONGHI, PIETRO 
Two standing women 
150.000 
150,000 
Narrows 
PETERDI, GABOR 
La Grande Bataille' 
500 
500 
Narrows 
PETERDI, GABOR 
Pacific II' 
2.000 
2,000 
Narrows 
PETERDI. GABOR 
Seed and Rock IV" 
400 
400 
Narrows 
PETERDI. GABOR 
The Blue Veil of Distance" 
500 
500 
Narrows 
PIAZZETTA, GIAMBATTISTA 
Standing Male Nude (recto): Seated Male Nude (verso) 
260.000 
260,000 
Narrows 
PICASSO, PABLO 
Buste de femme (Marie-Therese) (purchase in progress - 
$86.25 million paid to date) 
125,200.000 
125.200,000 
Narrows 
REDON, ODILON 
Le cerf volant 
200,000 
200,000 
Narrows 
SAUNDERS, DAVID 
Untitled" 
2,500 
2,500 
Narrows 
SMITH, HOUGHTON CRANFORD 
Helm and Pulleys" 
500 
500 
Narrows 
SMITH, HOUGHTON CRANFORD 
Rigging" 
500 
500 
Narrows 
TITIAN 
Study of a Kneeling Man 
6,866,000 
6,866,000 
Narrows 
PASCIN, JULES 
Turkish Dancers 
3,000 
2,000 
(1,000) 
Narrows 
LEE, JENNY 
Half-Note 
3,500 
2,000 
(1,500) 
Narrows 
PETERDI, GABOR 
Big Blue Eclipse 
3.500 
1,200 
(2.300) 
Narrows 
MARSH, REGINALD 
Does Your Nose Clog Up Al 
5.000 
2,000 
(3.000) 
Page 4 
EFTA00592928
--- PAGE 5 ---
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC (NON-COLLATERAL) 
Owner 
. 
Basis 
CHRISTIE'S 
5/11/16 
appraised 
value 
or purchase 
price + sales 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Narrows 
SAUNDERS, DAVID 
The Afterlife of Things 
5,500 
2,250 
(3,250) 
Narrows 
ERNST, MAX (AFTER) 
The Ocean 
5,500 
2,000 
(3,500) 
Narrows 
ERNST, JIMMY 
Untitled 
8,000 
4,000 
(4,000) 
Narrows 
MARSH, REGINALD 
Woman Walking 
5,000 
1,000 
(4,000) 
Narrows 
BONHEUR. ROSA RAYMOND 
(AFTER) 
Crouching Lion 
5,000 
700 
(4,300) 
Narrows 
BONNARD. PIERRE 
Nu a la baignoire 
55,000 
50,000 
(5,000) 
Narrows 
BRESDIN, RODOLPHE 
Paysan au pied d'un arbre 
65,000 
60,000 
(5,000) 
Narrows 
KURTEN, STEFAN 
Northern Sky (Everybody's Happy Nowadays) 
15,000 
8,500 
(6,500) 
Narrows 
INGRES, JEAN-AUGUSTE- 
DOMINIQUE 
Gabriel Cortois de Pressigny 
17,000 
10,000 
(7,000) 
Narrows 
MAILLOL. ARISTIDE 
Es uisse pour 'La Mediterranee' 
20.000 
12,500
(7.500) 
Narrows 
MATISSE, HENRI 
Femme nue debout 
60.000 
50,000 
(10,000) 
Narrows 
KAHN, WOLF 
The Towpath 
35.000 
20,000 
(15.000) 
Narrows 
QUINN, MARC 
The Blind Still Leading the Blind 
40.000 
22,500 
(17.500) 
Narrows 
FUSELI. HENRY 
A Threatening Head 
35.000 
15,000 
(20.000) 
Narrows 
LIN, MAYA 
Silver River - Hudson 
90.000 
70,000 
(20.000) 
Narrows 
MENZEL, ADOLPH VON 
Christmas Eve 
100.000 
70,000 
(30.000) 
Narrows 
MILLET, JEAN-FRANCOIS 
Study of a reclining female nude or sleeping nude (recto): 
Study of a female nude and studies for a portrait (verso) 
280,000 
250,000 
(30,000) 
Narrows 
KELLY. ELLSWORTH 
Brushstrokes Cut into Thirty-Five Squares and Arranged by 
Chance 
290.000 
250,000 
(40.000) 
Narrows 
MARIN, JOHN 
From Crotch Isle, Maine 
60,000 
20,000 
(40,000) 
Narrows 
NOLDE, EMIL 
Segelboat 
60,000 
20,000 
(40,000) 
Narrows 
RIBOT, THEODULE AUGUSTIN 
Les aplucheuses de pommes de terre 
65,000 
25,000 
(40,000) 
Narrows 
ROMANO, GIULIO (GIULIO PIPPI) 
Satyr crowned with vine leaves 
250.000 
200,000 
(50,000) 
Narrows 
MONET, CLAUDE 
Les nympheas avec saute 
340.000 
250,000 
(90,000) 
Narrows 
REDON, ODILON 
Dans le rove 
200,000 
100,000 
(100,000) 
Narrows 
BONINGTON, RICHARD PARKES 
Landscape with Harvesters at Sunset 
135,000 
30,000 
(105,000) 
Narrows 
REDON, ODILON 
Sujet allegorique (David et Goliath) 
475,000 
350,000 
(125,000) 
(135,000) 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI, ALBERTO 
Jean-Paul Sartre 
385,000 
250,000 
Page 5 
EFTA00592929
--- PAGE 6 ---
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC (NON-COLLATERAL) 
Owner 
Narrows 
GIACOMETTI, ALBERTO 
Narrows 
Narrows 
Narrows 
Narrows 
Narrows 
Artist 
1111 
S 
! Cf 5ii li Sl 
valueI
appraised1l6E 
sales 
or 
se 
price i
Basis 
tax 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Paire de chenets a boule 
Te Faruru (Here we love) 
L'amateur d'estampes 
Taureau et cheval 
Self Portrait 
The Apotheosis of Venice: Design for a Ceiling in the Sala del 
Maggior Consiglio, Palazzo Ducale, Venice 
300,000 
520,000 
315,000 
470,000 
500,000 
100,000 
300,000 
(200.000) 
(220,000) 
(245,000) 
(295,000) 
(300,000) 
GAUGUIN. PAUL 
DAUMIER, HONORE 
PICASSO, PABLO 
ENSOR, JAMES 
VERONESE, IL (PAOLO CALLIARI) 
70,000 
175,000 
200,000 
25,000,000 
23,500,000 
(1,500,000) 
190,764,600 
221,560,050 
30,795,450
A Basis is to be determined and is assumed to be current value. Most works are either very low value and purchased long ago or part of group pu chase of Old 
Master Prints. I am going to have George Goldner help me allocate the basis for the group purchases. 
Page 6 
EFTA00592930

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592931.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592931.pdf
----------------------------------------
COASTAL 
.•••••• 
WINDOWS & DOORS, tic. 
Sales Person: 
SCOTT FULLWOOD 
Prices Firm For 30 Days 
Cell: 
Quote: 
Date 
‘, 9 20 6 
SAF-Q16-040 B 
Sold to: 
Richard Kahn 
Job Name: 
Richard Kahn 
Address: 
358 El Brillo Way 
Address: 
358 El Brillo Way 
City: 
Palm Beach 
City: 
Palm Beach 
State: 
FL 
Zi : 
33480 State: 
FL 
Zip: 
33480 
i
Phone
Job Contact: 
Richard Kahn 
Mobile: 
E-Mail: 
ENTRY DOOR NOT INCLUDED IN BID 
Product 1 Specifications 
Products To Be: 
Bildau & Bussmann 
Material: 
Wood 
Exterior Finish Type: 
Mahogany 
Interior Finish Type: 
Mahogany 
Exterior Color: 
Undecided Standard 
Interior Color: 
Undecided Standard 
Glazing: 
Insulated Impact 
Glass Tint: 
None 
Muntin(SDL) Bar Profile: 
None 
Muntin(SDL) Size: 
None 
Window Hardware Finish: 
Door Hardware Finish: 
Screens: 
None 
Door Hinge Material: 
Additional Specifications: 
Page 1of 5 
3:57 PM 
6/6/2016 
EFTA00592931
--- PAGE 2 ---
)- COASTAL 
-........ 
.....„................„........„, 
wr 
movv,, 
WINDOWS & DOORS, LLC. 
IIP 
Quote: 
SAF-Q16-040 B 
Items Listed above Include Price for Material and Taxes Only Delivery Included. 
Total Above Materials: $ 
62,655.73 
YES 
Removal of Existing Units Listed and Installation 
$ 
20,918.45 
YES 
Bucking Per NOA Requirements 
$ 
1,912.31 
YES 
Vulkem Waterproofing (2 Coats) 
$ 
1,733.57 
NO 
ALUMINUM PANS 
$ 
YES 
Driving Rain Simulation Testing 
$ 
Installation Subtotal:  $ 
24,564.33 
Professional Services: (YES or NO) 
YES 
 Permit Fees 
NO 
 No Engineering Fees 
$ 
2,779.94 
$ 
Professional Services: $ 
2,779.94 
Base Price Includes Items and Services Listed Above 
$ 90,000.00 
Buyer's/Responsible Partie's Initials: 
Sign Below to add an 
Option to above 
shown Total 
ADDITIONAL OPTIONS 
Additional Cost 
Contract Payment Conditions 
50% of Materials Deposit With Signed Contract 
50% of Materials Due Upon Delivery To Coastal Windows & Doors LLC. 
Progress Payments For Installation 
$ 
32,717.83 
$ 
32,717.84 
$ 
24,564.33 
* 
lc* 
*See standard terms and conditions, when payments may be due prior to FOB(freight on board) issues or housing of materials. 
**Progress payments at sellers discretion according to percentage of completion generally accepted from American Institute of 
Page 2of 5 
3:57 PM 
6/6/2016 
EFTA00592932
--- PAGE 3 ---
COASTAL 
WINDOWS & DOORS, LLC. 
Sold to: Richard Kahn 
Address: 358 El Brillo Way 
City: Palm Beach 
State: FL 
Phone : 
Email: 
Quote: 
COASTAL 
WINDOWS AND DOORS, LLC. TM 
WEST PALM BCH, FL 33404 
PHONE 
Job Name: Richard Kahn 
Address: 358 El Brillo Way 
Zip: 33480 
City: Palm Beach 
State: FL 
Job Contact: Richard Kahn 
Mobile: 
Email: 
SAF-O16-040 B 
Zip: 33480 
COASTAL WINDOWS & DOORS, LLC. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
We are pleased to offer the following contract with regard to installation of the aforementioned items. The following terms and conditions 
apply. Quoted price includes material. delivery, installation and applicable taxes. unless otherwise indicated. Coastal Windows and Doors, 
LLC. is not responsible for protection of finished product after delivery or installation. All estimates are based on normal clear jobsite 
conditions unless otherwise indicated in this contract. 
Acceptance of this order is expressly conditioned upon the terms and conditions contained herein unless subject to a separate written 
sales agreement signed by both parties. 
1. PRICES AND PAYMENT TERMS: All prices are US currency, payable at the office of Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC. in Palm 
Beach County. Florida. Installation may not begin until all materials have been paid in full. Subsequent progress payments for installation 
may be required upon the discretion of Coastal Windows and Doors. LLC.. Final payment for installation is due within 5 days of 
completion. Unpaid balances not paid when due shall bear interest at 1.5% per month until paid in full and may jeopardize the installation 
schedule. Title in any goods described on this form is transferred to the Buyer/Responsible Party at shipment. Buyer/Responsible Party 
hereby grants to Coastal Windows & Doors. LLC., a security interest in any such goods sold hereunder, or the proceeds thereof, to secure 
the performance or payment of the obligations of the Buyer/Responsible Party under this agreement. Buyer/Responsible Party agrees to 
execute any document reasonably required by Coastal Windows and Doors. LLC. to perfect this security interest. A convenience fee of 
3% will be charged to all credit card transactions. 
Coastal Windows and Doors. LLC. will retain all right of a lien provided by the Florida Construction Lien Law until payment is paid in full. 
ACCORDING TO FLORIDA'S CONSTRUCTION LIEN LAW (SECTIONS 712.001-713.37. FLORIDA STATUTES, THOSE WHO WORK 
ON YOUR PROPERTY OR PROVIDE MATERIALS AND ARE NOT PAID IN FULL HAVE THE RIGHT TO ENFORCE THEIR CLAIM 
FOR PAYMENT AGAINST YOUR PROPERTY. THIS CLAIM IS KNOWN AS A CONSTRUCTION LIEN. IF YOUR CONTRACTOR OR A 
SUBCONTRACTOR FAILS TO PAY SUBCONTRACTORS, SUB-SUBCONTRACTORS, OR MATERIAL SUPPLIERS OR NEGLECTS 
TO MAKE OTHER LEGALLY REQUIRED PAYMENTS. THE PEOPLE WHO ARE OWED MONEY MAY LOOK TO YOUR PROPERTY 
FOR PAYMENT, EVEN IF YOU HAVE PAID YOUR CONTRACTOR IN FULL. IF YOU FAIL TO PAY YOUR CONTRACTOR. YOUR 
CONTRACTOR MAY ALSO HAVE A LIEN ON YOUR PROPERTY. THIS MEANS IF A LIEN IS FILED. YOUR PROPERTY COULD BE 
SOLD AGAINST YOUR WILL TO PAY FOR LABOR, MATERIALS, OR OTHER SERVICES THAT YOUR CONTRACTOR OR A 
SUBCONTRACTOR MAY HAVE FAILED TO PAY. FLORIDA'S CONSTRUCTION LIEN LAW IS COMPLEX AND IT IS RECOMMENDED 
THAT WHENEVER A SPECIFIC PROBLEM ARISES. YOU CONSULT AN ATTORNEY. YOU MAY ALWAYS ASK YOUR 
CONTRACTOR FOR A RELEASE OF LIEN. 
Page 3of 5 
3:57 PM 
6/6/2016 
EFTA00592933
--- PAGE 4 ---
COASTAL 
'Omar 
WINDOWS & DOORS, LLC. 
Quote: 
SAF-Q16-040 B 
All sales are FOB(Freight on Board), this determines when the Buyer/Responsible Party takes ownership of the product being purchased. 
FOB origin means that the Buyer/Responsible Party takes ownership at the Seller's location and is responsible for it at that point. 
Therefore, the sale is complete once the product is picked up by the Buyer/Responsible Party. FOB Destination means that the Seller is 
responsible for delivering product to the Buyer/Responsible Party, unless specified otherwise, the sale occurs at time of delivery to Coastal 
Windows and Doors, LLC.. In the event of Buyer's/Responsible Partie's default in payment, Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC. shall have 
all of the rights of a Seller under the Uniform Commercial Code in force in Florida, including the right to reclaim the goods. In the event of 
reclamation, Buyer/Responsible Party agrees that Seller may retain any sums paid as payment for use of the goods. Buyer/Responsible 
Party agrees to pay reasonable attorneys fees and costs, including costs of investigation and prosecution of any claim arising out of the 
breach of this agreement. In the event that any payment is not made when due, Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC. Shall have the 
absolute right to refuse to deliver any other order or shipment until payment is made. 
Indemnity: To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Buyer/Responsible Party shall, defend, indemnify and hold harmless Coastal Window 
and Doors, LLC. its officers, directors, members, consultants, agents and employees (the "Seller Indemnified Parties") from all claims for 
bodily injury, wrongful death, violation of code or Statute, and property damage, that may arise from the performance of the work and the 
product sold, to the extent the negligence is attributed to such acts or omissions by Buyer/Responsible Party or anyone employed directly 
or indirectly by any of them or by anyone for those acts any of them may be liable, including all costs and attorneys fees incurred by Seller 
to enforce this provision, including mediation, trial and/or court of appeals. The Buyer/Responsible Party shall not be required to indemnify 
or hold harmless Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC. Indemnified Parties for any acts, omissions or negligence of Coastal Windows and 
Doors, LLC. Indemnified Parties. 
Changes in Scope: Any verbal requests will not be recognized, nor any written change from anyone other than the Buyer or Responsible 
Party of this contract, unless written consent is given within 5 days of sign contract to authorize a Decision Maker in the 
Buyer's/Responsible Partie's absence. The Buyer, Responsible Party, or Authorized Decision Maker may order changes without 
invalidating this contract consisting of additions, deletions or other revisions, the material sum and installation sum being adjusted 
accordingly. 
I 
Authorize 
to be the Authorized Decision Maker in my absence. 
2. DELIVERY: Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC. shall schedule delivery and installation following the complete receipt of orders at it's 
facility and shall endeavor to do so in accordance with standard industry practice. Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC. shall not be liable for 
any delays in installation caused by factors beyond its reasonable control, including but not limited to weather or other acts of God, 
accidents, disruptions, fires, explosions, breakdowns of essential machinery or equipment, power shortages, transportation or storage 
delays, labor difficulties, or failure or delay in its usual source of supply, manufacturer delay(s) and or defect(s), war or terrorist acts. 
Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC. may not be withheld or be back charged in the event of such a delay as listed. The date of delivery or 
performance shall be deemed extended for a period greater than or equal to the time lost by the delay. 
3. WARRANTY: All Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC., installations are warranted against defects in material or workmanship for a 
period of one (1) year from the date of substantial completion. Other than the implied warranty of title, NO ORAL, STATUTORY, OR 
IMPLIED WARRANTY, INCLUDING SPECIFICALLY THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE SHALL APPLY. Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC.'s obligation with respect to the installation shall be limited to 
this printed warranty. All warranties are void unless Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC. has received payment in full and products are 
installed in strict conformity with Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC. specifications and instructions for installation. In the event of a breach 
of warranty, Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC. shall have the option to repair or replace any defective product or application. 
Replacement shall not include any other cost other than repair or replacement of the defective product or application. 
Page 4of 5 
3:57 PM 
6/6/2016 
EFTA00592934
--- PAGE 5 ---
a_ )- COASTAL 
WINDOWS & DOORS, LLC. 
1BP 
4. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: Coastal Windows and Doors. LLC.'s liability on any claim for loss or damage arising out of this contract. or 
for the performance or breach thereof, or connected with the supplying of any service hereunder. or their sale. operation or use. whether 
based on contract, warranty. tort (including negligence), strict liability or other grounds. shall not exceed the price of such service or part 
thereof applicable to the claim. In no event shall Coastal Windows and Doors. LLC. be responsible for special. punitive, penal. 
consequential or incidental damages, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits or revenue, loss of use of the product or any 
associated product, cost of capital, cost of substitute products, facilities or services, or claims of customers for such damages. 
5. INSPECTION: Except as otherwise provided in Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC. printed warranty, it shall be Buyer's/Responsible 
Partie's responsibility to promptly examine and inspect the substantially completed installation and to notify Coastal Windows and Doors, 
LLC. in writing within ten (10) days after delivery of any complaint that relates to the service provided or any claimed failure of the service 
to conform to this contract. Failure to notify Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC. within the allowed claim period shall be deemed an 
irrevocable acceptance of the installation. and a waiver of any claimed defect. Glass and frame finishes shall be in accordance with 
generally accepted conditions as defined by the Selected ASTM Standards Relating to the Flat Glass Industry-Revised 5/98. Page 1 
Paragraph 3.1.1.11: Page 3, Table 1 and Page 5 Paragraph 7.3. Inspection of the windows and doors is to be made by examining the 
product at a distance of 10 feet back from the windows and doors to look for scratches. dings, or imperfections in workmanship in order to 
establish a punch out list. Inspection is to be reasonable. NOTE: Scratches and dings will occur with this type of remodeling or renovation 
due to the number of times the material is handled from manufacturing to delivery to installation. 
6. SITE PREPARATION: Buyer agrees to prepare the premises to permit the locating or placing of the goods without obstacles or 
hindrances of any kind. Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC. may. but is not obligated to, provide additional supplies, hardware or other 
items needed to complete the installation. 
7. BUYER'S REPRESENTATIONS: If the goods are to be installed as improvements to real property, (and unless indicated otherwise in 
this agreement or a separate purchase agreement. the goods are to be installed as improvements to real property) Buyer/Responsible 
Party represents to Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC. that none of the goods may be resold as a separate item. 
8. GENERAL MATTERS: Buyer/Responsible Party agrees to give Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC. full and prompt cooperation with 
respect to any request for action related to consumer product safety issues. No assignment of this agreement may be made without prior 
written approval by Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC.. This contract shall be deemed made in Palm Beach County, Florida and shall be 
governed and construed under the laws of Florida. Venue of any action arising out of this agreement shall be in Palm Beach County. 
Florida. This agreement represents the entire agreement of the parties and may not be altered or modified other than by a writing signed 
by Coastal Windows and Doors, LLC. 
Buyer's/Responsible Partie's Signature: 
Date: 
Quote: 
SAF-Q16-040 B 
Page 5of 5 
3:57 PM 
6/6/2016 
EFTA00592935

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592936.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592936.pdf
----------------------------------------
COASTAL 
•••• 
WINDOWS & DOORS, LLC. 
e 
DATE: 9/9/2015 
SAU3POISON: 5COTT RALWOOD 
MANI: 
CELL 
QUOTE NUMBER: SA54140408 
POINAME 
RichNd Karm 
OWhER NAME 
CONSTRUCTION1MM 
Tem-Oui 
108 40DRE55 
358 El foto Way 
CITY 
Pah, Bent 
DP 
33480 
PERMIT 
YES 
IWOONG 
TES 
VUUMM WATERPROOFING 
MD 
ALUMINUM PANS 
NO 
ENGINEERING 
NO 
ENTRY COOK INEWOOD 
NO 
04/NEE PHONE. 
°AMR EMAIL 
SOLDTO 
IlithAMIGMa 
CONTACT RLhaid Kahn 
CONTACT OIL 
SOLO TONDIRESS 
358 El eirito way 
CITY 
Paso WO 
DP 
33480 
SOLD TOPICNE 
ME= 
SOLD TOEMML 
EXPOSURE 
WAN ROOF 110Glor 
MVAIDE 
SNOC 
MIMI TRAPISMITANEE 
Comullieteowe 
Yes 
MONKS/AM 
litinon 
Maemdentoor 
&trim flaileamai 
IL•korlorCaler 
interim FIMMType 
labirk•Color 
dessTiat 
Glass Selealos 
NEedwata 
Soso 
/Amnia MOM* 
AN. 
Sadao IS Ountronn 
1/UtooM 
Um:INNIS Stencbrcl 
Mr.ot4PY 
Unclemled SlardaN None 
ir.val)ted inott 
Satin ligkel 
Norm 
Neat 
S 
P4 P 
• 
t tw esww un m. 
.i. 
.i•PaL. 
... 
xu. 
k 
. 
Itkhod Kahn • boom 8.matial, 
low 
Ream 
mark 
01y. 
VMS 
NNd4 
Omoripooe 
Oper. 
SOL 
Panel, 
Naar 
Combo 
PRODUCT 
maulType 
OP 7, El 
NOTES 
SOFT 
° slice .1EtCheo 
A 
COnt0 Window 
IM F1004 
YRS 
PRCOUCTI 
. 
3/4 
S4 
Tail" I WO? 
LAO 
181 FI001 
Yet 
PRCOUCT 1 
1856 
TN-TWA 1 wide 
Fice0 
181 FI001 
Yet 
PRCOUCT 1 
38.00 
34 
s4 
TII.Tum I Aulo 
RMNI 
I sl Floor 
Yes 
PRCOUCTI 
T 
18.58 
Pagoda 
B 
I 
TII.Tmn 1 00e 
Loa 
1st Floor 
No 
PRCOUCTI 
T 
6.57 
Gar400 
C 
TIOTuM 2 x40) 
1.a 
RI MOW 
NO 
PRODUCT 1 
17.67 
Elias 
D 
FOXPICAFAW 
UPC. MOM 
NO 
PRODUCT 1 
21.67 
A 
A 
COmbOWIMIOw 
UDC. MOM 
Yet 
PRODUCT 1 
T
351 
TIETum I Moe 
Loa 
URN. Floor 
Yes 
PRCOUCT I 
T 
55.69 
TIE.Tion I mOo 
Ftm0 
Upper Floor 
Yes 
PRCOUCT _I_ 
T 
108.00 
314 
TIE.Tmn I wElo 
AKIO 
Upixe Floor 
Yes 
PRODUCT I 
T 
55.69 
WIWI 
E 
ma." I %kap 
Rigid 
I 
UPC. MOM 
NO 
PRCOUCT 1 
7.33 
Bed I 
F 
COmtOWERIOw 
UPC. MOM 
Yet 
PRCOUCT 1 
. 
1.4 
TII.Tum I oda 
LSI 
Uwe Floor 
Yes 
PRODUCT 1 
7.91 
I 
TIE.Tmn I 00e 
Feted 
Upper Floor 
Yes 
PRCOUCT I 
15.33 
PROPERTY Of COASTAL WHOOWSPHODOCEM NOT 70 IMMSTRIOURD 
1012 
5/1012016 1204PM 
EFTA00592936
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ile 
Roan 
Mat 
CIG. 
Width 
MS 
bosofpoim 
Opor. 
SOL 
Haab 
floor 
Combo 
MOM 
Meal Typo 
IN.T.CI 
NOM 
SIR 
I 
314 
TO.Twn I woo 
ROM 
I st Floor 
vas
PRODUCT 1 
T 
7.91 
Bath I 
G 
I 
7I2.Twn 2 woo 
1.44 
1st Floor 
No 
PRODUCT 1 
T 
24.91 
8001 
201 
SO 1,2 
GO 208000, 
RHOG 
sl Ma 
NO 
PRCOIXT 1 
T 
21.24 
SW 3 
H 
TR.Turo 2 wide 
1..R 
1M Flow 
No 
PRCOIXT 1 
T 
14.38 
PROPERTY OF COASTAL WINDOWS AND DOORS. NOT TO BE OISTRIBLITED. 
OF 2 
12:04 PM 5/10/2016 
EFTA00592937

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592938.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592938.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page I of 3 
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Mon. 22 May 2017 12:55:01 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator GVQEUC 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing authorization is received. Please contact your 
travel office by 11:59 PM on May 22, or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Wednesday 24 May 17 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Aaival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Delta Air Lines 
DL 676 
Charlotte Amalie, 
New York. 
02:08 PM 
C6:12 PM 
Terminal 4 
M Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Additional Messages 
Cyril E King Airport 
John F Kennedy International 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 4 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 757-200/300 
Meal 
Food For Purchase 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
NIL 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-----------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
' 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
' 72 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
' 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
' 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
' PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary GVQEUC 
AVERKiW 
E<PRESS 
EFTA00592938
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at leNW amPririnP, c---s 
To book your stay, visit amerIcanexpress.comffhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: call Centurion Travel Service for details 
** Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
For more information on benefits and eligibility, please visit: 
• CENTURION FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS: caolutioason-
• FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: amextravel.com1hr 
• The Hotel Collection: amencanexpress.comius/credit-cards,ht -,fitskietalithe-hotel-colectionfpremier-nold 
• International Mir* Program: Ian aniefiranAxnrecs rim 
• Cruise Privileges Program: ELCOenraneXnre's rivolfrom'innwlegal 
• Platinum Destinations Vacations: 
• Pay with Pants: mercanexpre5S.COnVpayWItlipOintS
Travel Information 
As services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any lodgrig, tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation a other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services includrig, without limitation, all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of American Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries or affiliates (ccaectively. 'Amex") has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
impceed charges. ncluding. but not limited to. daily resort a facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-out You may wish to inquire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wwiv alliarz coat. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
MjernatIonal Trays' ncrumcntatInn end InfnrmatInn• 
Travelers dewing transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining all necessary travel documents and complying with all government travel 
requirements. You must present all exit. entry and other documents required by law. Amex shall not be responsible to you for any loss a expense due to your failure to 
comply with such reqUrements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carriage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws. regulations. orders. 
demands. or requ.ements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibility to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your journey. Many 
countries require that your passport be valid for up to six (6) months from your date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign cowry. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at i>.
. :ravel s:ate.gov:contentcassper.s,e-.3lish,ccu-ttnr.h:fr I. Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on the foregoing 
website. 
Cuba Travel 
By traveling on your itrierary. all travelers are attesting that they are a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident and their travel to Cuba is authorized under the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations, and falls within one of the approved categories. For more information on each of the categories, please see Part 515.560 of the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations at http://wwntecfr.gov. Additional information can be found at hay..treaturygoviresource-center/sanctioristerograms?agesicuba.aspx, Travel for 
traditional tourist activities is prohibited, and travelers are expected to maintain a tut schedule of activities related to their category of travel. If providing any entrance 
benefits under the American Express policy would violate U.S. economic or trade sanctions. then the policy will be void. 
Air Transportation 
Airlines reserve the right to change your seats at any time due to operational needs/aircraft reconfiguration. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important 
notices apply to air transportation. Please visit https i.,myan'extravel comstanc,'condthons for more nformation. 
Airline Notice on Hazardous Materials 
Page 2 of 3 
Itinerary GVOEUC 
6ECP
1CAN 
RESS 
EFTA00592939
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard akoraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid, fireworks. tear gases, oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further 
information contact your airline representative or visit htthsitnww.faadoviaboutrinitiativesMazmat safety!. 
Liability Statement 
You understand and agree that American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affikates and representatives (collectively 'Amex"). 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons a property resulting. diectly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of omissions of travel suppbers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or failures of 
equipment, or charges in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil unrest. 
strikes. riots. theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the pubic Internet. telecommunications lines or facilities. a third party technology systems. IX any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex 
Intermediary Disclosure 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itrieraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets a other goals, and from tine to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and adminstrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them access to ow marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppeas and 
these arrangements. including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive. are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recanmendrig rtineranes. we 
may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
$tale-Snecdlc Disr Insures: 
• CAI IF0RNIA• Upon cancellation of the transportation or travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled n violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. as sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier. 
without obtaining a refund and such other provider fails to provide the agreed-upon transportation a service. In this situation. the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establesNng the disbursement of the customer payment, and if disbursed to a registered wholesaler d 
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seder of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in Cakfornia at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with the 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation a travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when requred. The maximan amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed 515,000 A claim must be submitted to the TCRF with., 12 months after the scheduled completion data of the travel. A claim 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the claim and a 535 processing fee. Claimants must agree to wane their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating seller of travel for matters ailing out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRF's website at v,ww tacinfo.org. 
WASIOGTON• If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. at sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser untess the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
• HAWAII: Please visit http://cca.hawati.covipvItfiles/2013:1361consumer nohtsgdf for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which maintains our travel agency trust account is Bank of Hawaii. Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue. Honolulu. HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account. 
California CST#1022318. Washington Will#6O-469-694. Iowa TAA669. 
Page 3 of 3 
Itinerary GVOEUC 
AMERKAN 
ECPRESS 
EFTA00592940

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592941.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592941.pdf
----------------------------------------
Note: Fed.R.Civ.P. Rule 33(a) limits interrogatories to 25 in number, including subparts. 
These will need to be reduced to those pertinent to your case. Some of the requested 
information may be obtained thru the Request For Production Of Documents To Judgment 
Debtor. 
IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE 
DISTRICT OF 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
) 
) 
Plaintiff 
) 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
) 
) 
Defendants 
) 
 ) 
CIVIL NO. 
UNITED STATES' INTERROGATORIES 
TO JUDGMENT DEBTOR [ 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, a judgment creditor herein and pursuant to Rules 69 
and 33 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, submits the following interrogatories to judgment 
debtor 
 Each interrogatory is to be answered fully and under oath or 
under the penalty of perjury, with such answers returned to the undersigned at his address 
listed below on or before 
EXHIBIT 10 
EFTA00592941
--- PAGE 2 ---
INSTRUCTIONS 
I. 
If the answer to any interrogatory is fully and fairly contained in a document, from 
which the answer can without unreasonable difficulty be extracted, you may answer the 
interrogatory by attaching a copy of such document. 
2. 
The answers to these interrogatories shall be supplied by mailing a copy of such to 
the undersigned trial attorney at the following address: 
 U.S. Department of 
Justice, Trial Attorney, Tax Division, P.O. Box 227, Ben Franklin Station, Washington, D.C. 
20044. 
DEFINITIONS 
The term "you," "yourself," and "your" shall refer to [the judgment debtor) and any 
attorneys or agents who acted behalf on his behalf. 
The phrase "period in question" shall refer to 
to present. 
INTERROGATORIES 
1. State the full name, address and telephone number of all your employers or businesses 
during the period in question, and state the nature of your present occupation. 
RESPONSE: 
EFTA00592942
--- PAGE 3 ---
2. Identify each person or entity for whom you performed services during the period in 
question and state the amount you were paid for your services or the amount you are owed for 
your services. 
RESPONSE: 
3. Do you have any interest in a corporation, partnership, or trust? If so, state the name 
and address of each such corporation, partnership, or trust, and include the names, addresses and 
telephone numbers of all other shareholders, partners, settlors, trust protectors, trustees, and 
beneficiaries. 
RESPONSE: 
EFTA00592943
--- PAGE 4 ---
4. Identify by name, address and telephone number each and every domestic and foreign 
bank and/or financial institution in which you have an account or over which you have signatory 
authority or other such control, and provide the account number, type of account, and account 
balance from 
account. 
RESPONSE: 
to present. In addition, identify the record owner or title of the 
5. State whether you rent or have access to a safety deposit box titled in your name or in 
any other name. If so, state the name and address of the bank or other financial institution at 
which the safety deposit box is maintained, the name and address of the person under whose 
name the box is rented, and list and describe in detail the contents of the box as of the date that 
these interrogatories were served as set forth on the attached certificate of service. 
RESPONSE: 
EFTA00592944
--- PAGE 5 ---
6. Furnish the following financial information with respect to yourself as of 
Assets 
(1) 
cash 
(2) 
cash surrender value 
of insurance 
(3) 
accounts receivable 
(4) 
notes receivable 
(5) 
merchandise inventory 
(6) 
real estate 
(7) 
furniture and fixtures 
(8) 
machinery and equipment 
(9) 
trucks and delivery 
equipment 
(10) 
automobiles 
(11) 
stocks, bonds, 
or other securities 
(12) 
pensions or annuities 
(13) 
gold 
(14) 
silver 
(15) 
jewelry 
Cost ($) 
Fair Market 
Value ($) 
EFTA00592945
--- PAGE 6 ---
Fair Market 
b. Liabilities 
Amount ($1 
Value (S1 
(1) 
loans on insurance 
(2) 
accounts payable 
(3) 
notes payable 
(4) 
mortgages 
(5) 
accrued real estate 
taxes 
(6) 
judgments 
(7) 
reserves 
EFTA00592946
--- PAGE 7 ---
7. Provide the following information relating to insurance policies now in force and 
owned directly or indirectly by you: 
Present Cash 
Number 
Name 
Amount 
Surrender Value 
of Policy 
of Company 
of Policy 
Accumulated Dividends 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
(5) 
(6) 
Automatic Premium 
Policy Loan 
Date Made 
Payments Date Made 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
(5) 
(6) 
EFTA00592947
--- PAGE 8 ---
8. If any of the policies listed in your answer to the preceding interrogatory are assigned 
or pledged on indebtedness, except with insurance companies, provide the following information 
about each policy: 
Policy Number 
Name & Address of 
Amount of 
Date Pledged 
Assigned or Pledged 
Pledgee or Assignee 
Indebtedness 
or Assigned 
EFTA00592948
--- PAGE 9 ---
9. Do you have any accounts receivable or notes receivable? If so, set forth the name, 
address and telephone number of the person or entity that is indebted to you, and provide the 
amount of each account or note receivable. 
RESPONSE: 
EFTA00592949
--- PAGE 10 ---
10. Do you currently own, claim an interest in, or possess any real property? If your 
answer to this interrogatory is in the affirmative, state or identify: 
(a) the property's address; 
(b) the type of property (i.e., house, condominium, etc.); 
(c) the cost of the property at the time purchased; 
(d) present fair market value of the property; 
(e) any encumbrances against the property and the balance, if any, of the encumbrance 
mortgage, etc.); 
(0 how you titled the property upon its purchase or acquisition (i.e. 
 grantee); 
(g) how the property is currently titled. 
RESPONSE: 
EFTA00592950
--- PAGE 11 ---
II. If you do not own the property where you currently reside, set forth the name, address 
and telephone number of the person(s) who owns the residence, the amount of your rent, and the 
frequency with which your rent must be paid. 
RESPONSE: 
EFTA00592951
--- PAGE 12 ---
12. Do you own or use any fixtures, furniture, machinery, equipment, trucks or 
automobiles? If your answer is in the affirmative, please set forth the following information: 
Amount of 
Liquidation 
Indebtedness Date 
Descriptions 
Cost 
Value 
if pledged 
Pledged 
Owner 
(a) Furniture/ 
fixtures 
(business) 
(b) furniture 
(household) 
(c) machinery/ 
equipment 
(specify) 
(d) Trucks (specify 
make, model, 
VIN, year) 
(e) Automobiles 
(specify 
make, model, 
VIII, year) 
EFTA00592952
--- PAGE 13 ---
13. Set forth the following information regarding all stocks, bonds, or securities 
(including, but not limited to, any interest in money market or other mutual funds) owned by you 
or held on your behalf from 
to present (and indicate if you sold or otherwise 
transferred any stock): 
Amount of 
Record 
Number of 
Fair Market 
Indebtedness 
Name of Company 
Owner 
Units 
Cost 
Value 
if pledged 
(a) if you receive any dividends or interest on any stocks, bonds or securities, set forth the 
date the dividends or interest is payable, and the amount received in the last year. 
EFTA00592953
--- PAGE 14 ---
14. Identify all sources of income for the following years: 
(a) 
salaries, 
wages, or 
commissions: 
(b) 
dividends: 
(c) 
interest: 
(d) 
income from 
business/profession: 
(e) 
partnership income: 
(0 
capital gains: 
(g) 
annuities and pensions: 
(h) 
rents and royalties: 
(i) 
income from estates 
and trusts: 
(j) 
disposition of precious metals. 
EFTA00592954
--- PAGE 15 ---
15. With respect to each of the items set forth in the preceding interrogatory, state the 
name, address, and telephone number of the source from which the income was received (and 
provide account numbers where applicable). 
RESPONSE: 
EFTA00592955
--- PAGE 16 ---
16. Have you directly or indirectly transferred, conveyed or disposed of any cash, assets 
or other items of value with a cost or fair market value of $1,000.00 or more during the period of 
to present. If your answer to this interrogatory is in the affirmative, provide 
the following information for each such item: 
Name, address 
Description of 
of transferee 
Property or 
Date of 
Fair Market Value 
Consideration 
and your 
Asset 
Transfer 
When Transferred 
Received 
relation 
EFTA00592956
--- PAGE 17 ---
17. Do you have any life interest or remainder interest, either vested or contingent, in any 
trust or estate, or are you a beneficiary of any trust? If so, please furnish the following 
information and identify all supporting documentation: 
Amounts 
Name of Trust 
Present Value 
Value Of 
Received 
or Estate 
Of Assets 
Your Interests 
from this source 
18. Do you own or have an interest in any Individual Retirement Accounts, Stock Option 
Plans, pension or profit sharing plans, or any other savings or retirement plans other than those 
listed in response to previous interrogatories. If your answer is yes, state the name, address and 
telephone number of the custodian of all such assets and state the amount. 
RESPONSE: 
EFTA00592957
--- PAGE 18 ---
19. Have you any other assets or an interest in assets, either actual or contingent, other 
than those listed in the previous interrogatory requests (i.e., antiques, stamp collections, boat, 
musical instruments, etc.)? If so, please describe the assets in detail, identify the location of the 
asset, and state the current fair market value of each such asset. 
RESPONSE: 
20. Have you prepared a financial statement within the last five years? If so, state: 
(a) to whom the statement was given; 
(b) the reason the statement was prepared; 
(c) the date of the statement; 
(d) the name, address and telephone number of all persons who have a copy of such 
statement. 
RESPONSE: 
EFTA00592958
--- PAGE 19 ---
21. Identify every legal action in which you have been a party during the period in 
question, including, but not limited to the title of the action, the name of the court, the docket 
number or date the action was filed, a brief description of the nature of the action, and the result 
of the legal action (e.g. judgment against a certain amount). 
RESPONSE: 
EFTA00592959
--- PAGE 20 ---
22. Identify every loan made to you or was outstanding from you during the period in 
question, including, but not limited to name of the lender, date of the loan, maturity dates, 
principal amount, rate of interest, collateral or security interest given by you, your purpose in 
borrowing funds, and date and amount of each repayment. 
RESPONSE: 
EFTA00592960
--- PAGE 21 ---
23. Identify all credit, debit, and/or automatic teller ("ATM") cards which you use or 
control, regardless of whether such cards are titled in your name, during the period in question, 
and for each such card, identify, state or describe: 
(a) the name and address of the financial institution that issued the card (i.e. VISA, 
MasterCard, American Express, bank, etc.); 
(b) the account number; and 
(c) the name(s) on the card. 
RESPONSE: 
EFTA00592961
--- PAGE 22 ---
24. State whether you established a trust for any purpose during the period in question. If 
your answer is yes, state, describe or identify: 
(a) the location of the trust; 
(b) the name and address of the trustee, trust protector and the beneficiaries of the trust; 
(c) the assets of the trust and the location of such assets; 
(d) all documents that support your answer to this interrogatory. 
RESPONSE:
25. Identify each country you have traveled to from 
to present by providing 
the name of the country, date(s) of trip, purpose of trip, and the name and address of the persons 
visited. 
RESPONSE: 
EFTA00592962
--- PAGE 23 ---
26. State whether you currently have a will? 
RESPONSE: 
27. State whether you have filed with the Internal Revenue Service Federal Form 1040 
income tax returns for the years 
and 
? If your anser is affirmative. 
state: 
(a) the date that each return was filed; 
(b) the address or location of the IRS Service Center where the return was filed. 
RESPONSE:
28. State whether you have filed State income tax returns for 
If your answer is affirmative, state or identify: 
(a) the date that each return was filed; 
(b) the state with whom the return was filed; 
(c) the address where the state return was filed. 
RESPONSE: 
and 
EFTA00592963
--- PAGE 24 ---
Dated: 
 200_. 
Respectfully submitted, 
United States Attorney 
Trial Attorney, Tax Division 
U.S. Department of Justice 
P.O. Box 227 
Ben Franklin Station 
Washington, D.C. 20044 
(202) 
- 
EFTA00592964
--- PAGE 25 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
IT IS HEREBY CERTIFIED that service of the foregoing UNITED STATES' 
INTERROGATORIES TO JUDGMENT DEBTOR 
has been made this 
day of 
, 200_, by placing a true copy thereof in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, 
addressed to: 
TRIAL ATTORNEY 
EFTA00592965
--- PAGE 26 ---
DECLARATION 
, come and declare under the penalties of perjury, pursuant to 28 
U.S.C. § 1746(2), that the foregoing Answers to the United States' Interrogatories are true and 
correct. 
Executed on this 
day of 
, 200_, in 
EFTA00592966

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592967.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 1 of 3 
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Thu. 27 July 2017 17:1125 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator KRXZTS 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Ticket DY 3288636597344-10JUL 
Ticket DY 3288639102844-18JUL 
Ticket DY 3288641648316-27JUL 
Travel Details 
Friday 04 Aug 17 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF FRANCE MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Norwegian Air Shuttle 
Flight 
DY 7020 
Origin 
New York. 
John F Kennedy International 
Destination 
Paris. 
Charles De Gaulle 
Departing 
10:25 PM 
Sullying 
11:25 AM /05 Aug 2017 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal 1 
Arrival Terminal 
Terminal 1 
Class 
W Economy Class 
Seats 
16G 
Meal 
- Spec Request 
- Spec Request 
- Spec Request 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 
Equipment 
Boeing 787-8 
Meal 
Food-Bev/Pur 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
2PC 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS - 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary KRXZTS 
AY E WAN 
ECPRE SS 
EFTA00592967
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed Opm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at viww.amencanexpress.ccm11-. 
To book your stay, visit amencanexpress.corriffhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cal Centurion Travel Service for details 
•• Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
For more information on benefits and eligibility, please visit: 
• CENTURION FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: centunonsort 
• FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: amextraveltorwThr 
• The Hotel Collection: atAnranexoresc rnrrVilsirrartit-raros 
-,I,R,cletasithn-hotel-rnlertinnforemier-oold 
• International Mine Program: SRO arrerioanexoress con) 
• Cruise Privileges Program: areencenewess,szalaasegazteatifi 
• Platinum Destinations Vacations: amencanexoress.cornrusittedit-cardsibenefilsidetad/olatinum-destinations-vacationstilabnum 
• Pay with Pords: amencanexpresstorNpaywahpaints 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures a advertisements describing any lodgi-ig. tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services includrig. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of American Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries or affiliates (colectively. 'Amex") has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
imposed charges. ncluding. but not tinned to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-out You may wish to inquire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at ww v alliarzo-^i Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travelers dewing transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining al necessary travel documents and complying with all government travel 
requirements. You must present all exit entry and other documents reqtared by law. Amex shall not be responsible to you for any loss or expense due to your failure to 
comply with such reqtarements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carriage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws. regulations. orders. 
demands. or requrements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibikty to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your journey. Many 
countries require that your passport be veld for up to six (6) months from your date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign country. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at tatow'ra.pl_ssate 2ov,contenutse\coortcl.,,,glIstk,roontre hst I Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disdains any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on the foregoing 
website. 
Cuba Travel 
By traveling on your itrierary. all travelers are attesting that they are a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident and their travel to Cuba is authorized under the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations, and falls within one of the approved categories. Fa more information on each of the categories. please see Part 515.560 of the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations at htto:/Nmw.eclr.gov. Additional information can be found at htlpsihmvw.treasurv.00yfresource-centerfsanotionsCrooramsePageskuba.aspx. Travel for 
traditional tourist activities is prohibited. and travelers are expected to maintain a tut schedule of activities related to their category of travel. If providing any flamenco 
benefits under the American Express policy would violate U.S. economic or trade sanctions. then the pobcy will be void. 
Page 2 of 3 
knerary KRXZTS 
AMERIcAN 
OCPRESS 
EFTA00592968
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
• Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review www.Visacentral.com/amex for the most up to date and accurate 
entry/exit requirements for your travel destination. Due to frequent changes, American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the 
information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Air Transportation 
Airlines reserve the right to change your seats at any lime due to operational needsfaircraft reconfiguration. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important 
notices apply to air transportation. Please visit 
for more Mormation. 
• Airline Notice on Hazardous Materials 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard slash in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried ei your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further 
information contact your airline representative or visit htlps:thwen.faa..zoviabouVinttiatiyes.bazrnat safety'. 
Liability Statement 
You understand and agree that American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affikates and representatives (collectively 'Amex"). 
when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. deectly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or failures of 
equipment. or changes in fares. itineranes or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities. civil unrest. 
strikes. riots. theft. disease. accidents or failures related to the public intemet. telecommunications lines or (softiies. a third party technology systems. IX any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itemsraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. aid from tine to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and adminstrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to ow marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier proniris and services. From Site to time we may enter into other business reLsticnships with suppliers and 
these arrangements, including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommender; itineraries. we 
may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
state-Snerilir nICCIOSUrPI: 
Ca 
Upon cancellation of the transportation or travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled in violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. at sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
the passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier. 
without obtaining a refund and such other provider fails to provide the agreed-upon transportation or service. In this situation. the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establesNng the disbursement of the customer payment. and rf disbursed to a registered wholesaler of 
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seder of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in Calikrnia at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with the 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than S50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when requied. The maximign amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A claim must be submitted to the TCRF will*, 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A clam 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the clan', and a 535 processing fee. Claimants must agree to wane their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating seller of travel for matters arisrig out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRPs websde at zww lcrcinfo.orq. 
WAIlljfiGT0W If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. at sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the (cods from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
• HAWAII: Please visit http://cca.hawati.covipvItliles/20I3:06,,consumer nehts.pdf for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which maintains our travel agency trust account is Bank of Hawaii. Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue. Honolulu. HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account. 
California CS1V1022318. Washington U81/600-469-694. Iowa TAa669. 
Page 3 o13 
Itnerary KRXZIS 
AMERKAN 
ECPIRES5 
EFTA00592969

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592970.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592970.pdf
----------------------------------------
CartaSi 
Carta 
Classic 
Milano, 31 Gennaio 2016 
Banca 
del Fucino 
00186 ROMA RM 
Gentile Cliente, 
di seguito il suo estratto conto CartaSi: nella prima pagina troverà subito i dati di sintesi 
sua posizione, e a seguire tutti i 
dettagli delle sue spese ed eventuali comunicazioni pensate per lei. 
CartaSi rimane a sua completa disposizione per ogni ulteriore chiarimento. Con i nostri migliori saluti. 
QUESTO MESE HA SPESO 
QUESTO MESE LE SARANNO ADDEBITATI 
In data 
Euro 3.761,47 
Euro 3.763,47 
Febbraio 2016 
I SUOI DATI 
Codice ABI: 03124 
CIC addebito: 
Codice del rapporto: 
Mandato SEPA (5DD): 
8000640000031240020210 
Limite di utilizzo mensile base: 
5.000 Euro 
CAB: 03210 
000000237514 
03124 0020210 
Trasforma 
i tuoi acquisti 
indimenticabili 
in esperienze 
iscriviti al 
Memapaio publ:dkkario cm finalità poema:inalo 
Club IoSi 
Blocco Certa 
Con operatore 24 ore su 24 
Dall'Italia: 
800 15 16 16 
toro° vedo 
Dall'estero: 
+39 02 34980 020 
hmemnochiamteesurkociecsnas. 
{11Wallonale 
vado solo 401 V54) 
Informazioni e assistenza 
Con opeatore: h 8-20, lun-ven 
Servizi automatici: 24 ore su 24 
Dall'Italia: 
892 900' 
I•r so,rtu> tariffa:Ione epecifcal• 
Dall'estero: 
+39 02 34980 020 
inseti+00, 0mite+ oricoiscensSO 
• costo ddviirsto Orna der.me o Wel eomoniarceieteleConk+ 
osi 
Con operatore: h 8-20: lutvven 
Servizi automatici: 24 ore su 24 
Dall'Italia: 
800 15 11 11 
fleaneoe Verdi) 
Assicurazione 
Con operatore: h 8-20: lun-ven 
Dall'Italia: 
800 02 01 69 
Illemero verde) 
V.wv.mrle,i 
z 
n©® 
Come titolare, lei ha 60 giorni di tempo dalla ricezione dell'estratto conto per sporgere eventuali reclami sulle operazioni registrate a suo debito. 
mando° SeeA iSD01. ~ira in mais vistoso ISMOM-ZaZkneMmeera il lesa eonrminelea CarleSi e 41413anea pF reelfiebil0 fletto Sul 400 0:010 ebreo% delespetie elleltuees eco la v.ss ama ci ~So 
conost SpA • ~fida del 0~00 'COPI - Cono ~piane 5f.20145 meano - Isolano 02 3.40.1 • so, 02 3 400.41., • IMIWI una, et 
Reg. Inveii Milano Cr. e P. 
04107010414 • REA Mihno n.1725190 - Capitele 50C•310' foro 54 044.114.00 i v. • .4/1” Oft 114-senies del 0.195 30511493: n. 310747. 
Ira • inaerlilin......14ma 
••••4.1.141.wacnwei.“Naala 
EFTA00592970
--- PAGE 2 ---
RIEPILOGO DEI SUOI MOVIMENTI 
Data 
Descrizione 
Importo in Euro 
31/12/15 
Debito residuo al mese precedente 
Totale spese con cane a saldo 
Imposta di bollo 
TOTALE ADDEBITO SUL SUO CC 
Debito residuo al 31/01/2016 
0,00 
3.761,47 
2.00 
3.763,47 
0,00 
TITOLARE 
MELUSIN 
CARTASI NUMERO •••• •••• •••• 3880 A SALDO 
SCADENZA 04/17 
DETTAGLIO DEI SUOI MOVIMENTI 
Data 
Descrizione 
Importo in Euro 
Importo in altre valute 
Cambio 
01/01/16 
Mac 5 Orvieto 
250,00 
08/01/16 
Frattina 69 Srl Roma 
232,80 
10/01/16 
Itunes.Corn/Bill Itunes.Com 
9,99 
10/01/16 
itunes.ComA3ill itunes.Com 
7,99 
10/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
50,00 
10/01/16 
Francel Eggs &Co Paris 
14,50 
12/01/16 
Ristorante Rainbow 137milano 
27,00 
12/01/16 
Agenzia Card Milano 
280,00 
12/01/16 
Down Town Hair Studio Milano 
75,00 
13/01/16 
Ristorante Rainbow 137milano 
10,50 
13/01/16 
Ristorante Rainbow 137milano 
7.50 
13/01/16 
Agenzia Card Milano 
15,00 
14/01/16 
Linea Fitness Club Roma 
20,00 
14/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
26,00 
14/01/16 
Tifi Silvano Roma 
9,40 
14/01/16 
Ciampini Ristorante Roma 
3,70 
15/01/16 
& Other Storles Roma 672roma 
172,50 
15/01/16 
Ciampini Roma 
11,00 
15/01/16 
Ciampini Bistrot Roma 
8.60 
16/01/16 
Lepf Sas Roma 
15,00 
18/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
19,25 
18/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
16,61 
18/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
8.33 
18/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
5,37 
18/01/16 
Francel Eggs &Co Paris 
15,50 
18/01/16 
Sta rbucks Coffee Paris 
4,45 
19/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
9,30 
19/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
7,97 
19/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
8,57 
19/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
8,53 
19/01/16 
Selas Pharmacie 75006 
18,30 
20/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
8,99 
20/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
6,91 
20/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
7,81 
20/01/16 
Musee Lux Bouti 4527398 )Sparis 12 
9.00 
20/01/16 
Musee Lux Bouti 4527398 75paris 12 
51,95 
EFTA00592971
--- PAGE 3 ---
TITOLARE 
MELUSIN 
CARTASI NUMERO ***• • •• • ••• • 3880 A SALDO 
SCADENZA 04/17 
DETTAGLIO DEI SUOI MOVIMENTI 
Data 
Descrizione 
Importo in Euro 
Importo in altre valute 
Cambio 
20/01/16 
Chez Andre 03 Paris 8 
32,00 
20101/16 
Musee Lux Bille 4481146 75paris 6 
15,00 
21/01/16 
Uber Elv Help.Uber.Com 
21,54 
21/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
10,33 
21/01/16 
Uber E/ Help.Uber.Com 
5,00 
21/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
7,11 
21/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
6,12 
21/01/16 
Bio Sas 94rungis Cede 
69,22 
21/01/16 
Monoprix 9300005 Paris 
45,21 
21/01/16 
Linvosges Paris 
328,00 
22/01/16 
Uber E/ Help.Uber.Com 
14,40 
22/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
7,48 
22/01/16 
Uber E/ Help.Uber.Com 
18,34 
22/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
13,06 
22/01/16 
B Goody S 4311981 7Sparis 18 
10,00 
23/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
5,48 
23/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
10,21 
23/01/16 
Le Gabrielle 75paris 
55,00 
23/01/16 
Costes Montaign 4240172 75paris 8 
27,00 
23/01/16 
Equinox Moto sl105 
Commissione di conversione applicata da CartaSi: 3,71 Euro • 
189,27 
200,00 USD 
0,9278159 
24/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
20,95 
24/01/16 
Lao Douang Chan 75paris 13 
27,00 
25/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
8,13 
25/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
9,23 
25/01/16 
Wax Flover 75paris 06 
55,00 
2901/16 
Monoprix 9300005 Paris 
37,99 
26/01/16 
Itunes.ConVBill Itunes.Com 
9,99 
26/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
19,42 
26/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
10,69 
26/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
10,03 
26/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
12,62 
26/01/16 
Aup Paris 
73,12 
26/01/16 
Starbucks Coffee Paris 
4,45 
26/01/16 
The Kooples Diffusi Paris 7 
122,50 
27/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
14,17 
27/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
11,53 
27/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
15,66 
27/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
8,09 
27/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
12,85 
27/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
12,50 
27/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
23,00 
27/01/16 
Le Bon Marche 4231966 75paris 7 
89,00 
27/01/16 
Le Bon Marche 4231966 75paris 7 
100,00 
27/01/16 
Petites St Domin Paris 
371,20 
27/01/16 
Hotel Costes 7Sparis 8 
80,00 
28/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
7,84 
28/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
21,04 
28/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
21,88 
28/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
12,14 
28/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
7,82 
28/01/16 
Pharmacie Paul B Montreuil 
7,50 
29/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
7,99 
29/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
8,22 
29/01/16 
Le Bon Marche 4231966 75paris 7 
110,00 
30/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
5,87 
30/01/16 
Uber Bv Help.Uber.Com 
10,09 
30/01/16 
Monoprix 9300005 Paris 
38,87 
TOTALE SPESE 
3.761,47 
• Per rendere più semplici e trasparenti le informazioni, é presente anche il costo delle commissioni per le spese in valuta estera. Tutte le informazioni sulle 
percentuali applicate sono disponibili sui documenti di sintesi. 
EFTA00592972

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592973.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592973.pdf
----------------------------------------
Valeant Pharmaceutical International 
Morristown. NJ 07960 
P: 
F: 
INVOICE 
Invoice No.: 
1001 
Invoice Date: 3 ,24,17 
BILL TO: 
Larry Visoski 
Manager 
ASS 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
DESCRIPTION 
Outright Price 
Main Wheel Assy. p.'nAHA2114 Oty2 
057CM, YV054 Wheel Condition 
Overhauled Tire Pin: 350K02-1 S'N: 40653187 40653185 Tire Condition : New 
Nose Wheel Assy. P/N: AH55055 Qty 2 S/n: 058AG. 026AG Wheel condition: 
Overhauled Tire P/n: 2171(22-1 SN: 32462880 . 31342936 Tire Condition: New 
Gullstream 550 Jack Pads Set PiN:1159GSE50278 Ground Service Equipment 
Condition: Servicable 
$38.000.00 
$15.000.00 
$1.000.00 
This is an Outright Sate of the above listed items. 
Make all checks payable to Valeant Pharmaceutical International 
Thank you for your business! 
SHIPPING 
$0.00 
TOTAL 
$54,000.00 
EFTA00592973

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592974.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592974.pdf
----------------------------------------
Loxahatchee, FL 33470 
Office 
Fax 
Work Order 
CONTRACT C. PROPOSAL 
CUSTOMER NAME N ep 4- unie 
L 1 C... 
I DATE 3/4
/ I
ADDRESS 
51r 
E. I Sr illo 
Way 
Cat STATE, ZIP 
Fel I rn Bec:ec k F I. 3344 80 
PROW 
_EMAIL 
CITY 
OeSCRiPTION 
COST 
St • A It/slit, 
"Rai me I- +a " 
Sod 
Tr slat 1 Grade A 40,000 
Removal or old 
7oyritt 
lawn 
if goo 
Top _dress Area tanti-i, new 'oil wqt) prop worx 
$550 
WE HEREBY PROPOSE TO FURNISH LABOR AND MATERIALS 
IN COMPLETE ACCORDANCE WITH THE ABOVE 
SPECIFICATIONS FOR THE SUM OF: 
$ LI450 
i 
Temp S Coodklons: 
M meter'', if toteente0 tO W as specfercl AP Aext le be corrpint4 in • unkmarike mr ne, 
eccathns to SIVietiVO practices MyMenton a dewuott I.orn atom fOnnaaanwns.^+Swia 
en, town--' be necowd on.,won andten +don •nd ant dna++ an en-a Omer crra• and 
atox the cabana:. Alines installed [IS:wax/yarn/ens an guar/ant] Ice ONE (II Year, anC 
a Omits:Yuba we gwantee0 la fl%16) Mach. Mee 0 MOpanne* In int nnil  ban.' 
3ne / or rmdalwa. NOattaxenenta n shrubsduo to :Soto, patent t: it the cants 
mooreatty to odd fattwil ntgAllon to NEW landscaped meet. 
ns CUM-WM ON SOO. SFASONALS, MO 74.AMPLWTS. 
hall 
A.50% NOW / 50% UPON COMPLETION 
Other 
ACCEPTANCE OF CONTRACT 
The above prices, specifications and conditions are hereby accepted. You are authorized to do the work as specified. Payments 
will be made as outlined above. 
Signature 
Accepted Date 
/ 
/ 
Of FKE USE ONLY: 
START DATE, 
J 
/ 
PAYMENT OPTION: VISA 0 
MASTERCARD 0 
AMEX 0 
CHECK 0 
CREDIT CARD 
- 
DP DATE 
CVC 
SOUACI 
EFTA00592974

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592975.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592975.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG,. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
PARK PLAZA, SUITE 1000 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
BOSTON. AbISSACTIL1SE17S 02116 
April 24, 2015 
Via Email and U.S. Mail 
John Zucker 
Assistant Legal Counsel 
Office of Legal Counsel 
W 66TH St, Room 1628 
New York, NY 10023 
Re: Good Morning America and Night Line interview with Jane Doe 3 
Dear Mr. Zucker: 
I represent Jeffrey Epstein. I have been informed by Producer James Hill that ABC 
intends to air an interview, conducted by a Good Morning America co-host, of a woman known 
in court papers as Jane Doe 3.1 I write to put you on notice that ABC's publication of Jane Doe 
3's accusations is grossly negligent or worse. The accusations, many of which relate to my 
client, relate to alleged conduct that occurred approximately 15 years ago. The current 
accusations are simply reformatted and embellished echoes of previous allegations, which were 
first made by Jane Doe 3 to tabloid publications in the United Kingdom in 2011 and which have 
no independent news value. These allegations were then and remain now uncorroborated and 
have been refuted or undermined by other, credible evidence. Indeed, a federal judge recently 
refused to consider these allegations in pending litigation, finding them "immaterial and 
impertinent", while striking the allegations and denying Jane Doe 3s Motion to Join, See Jane 
Doe 1 and 2 v. United States, 08-CV-80736-ICAM (S.D. Fla.), Dkt 324 at 5. In addition, in that 
very same litigation, Federal Bureau of Investigation Special Agent 
lied a 
declaration stating that when Jane Doe 3 was interviewed by the FBI in 2007 she refused to 
cooperate with the investigation of Mr. Epstein declaring she wanted nothing to do with the 
matter. For ABC to air these untested allegations on national television as "news" when Jane 
Doe 3 intentionally declined eight years ago to subject these same allegations to verification by 
the FBI would be grossly irresponsible and severely damaging to Mr. Epstein and others. 
I Mr. Hill informed me that she was waiving whatever rights to anonymity she might assert but I will, because of 
certain legal obligations, refer to her as Jane Doe 3. 
EFTA00592975
--- PAGE 2 ---
This is particularly true when ABC knows or should know that several, very specific 
allegations of Jane Doe 3 have been rebutted and/or demonstrated by others to be false. For 
example, I understand that she has accused distinguished Professor Alan Dershowitz of Harvard 
Law School of sexual misconduct involving her. Professor Dershowitz has flatly denied that 
allegation under oath in a federal court proceeding. I further understand that Professor 
Dershowitz offered to play a tape recording for Mr. Hill that evidences that Jane Doe 3 has made 
recent contradictory statements—that is, that she was pressured into including Professor 
Dershowitz in her allegations and that she has a financial motive in making these allegations. 
The Duke of York and the Royal Palace have likewise unequivocally denied Jane Doe's 
similar allegations against the Duke. Surely, these unequivocal statements of denial of respected 
members of society are entitled to some deference by ABC, particularly where, as here, there is 
substantial evidence of bias, improper motive, and serious credibility problems of their accuser. 
Moreover, additional claims of Jane Doe 3 can be refuted with objective evidence that is 
readily obtainable by ABC. For example, she claims she was in the presence of both former 
President Clinton (after January 20, 2001, and before the summer of 2002) and former Vice 
President Gore (and his wife) at Mr. Epstein's Virgin Island home. I have been told by Mr. Hill 
that she claims to be 100% sure of the facts regarding President Clinton. The claims are 
completely uncorroborated and compellingly contradicted by others. Neither former President 
Clinton nor former Vice-President Gore and his wife have ever been present at Mr. Epstein's 
Virgin Island home. A review of United States Secret Service records, obtainable through a 
Freedom of Information Request would prove the falsity of the claim. Virgin Island government 
records would provide further confirmation. I also believe that Mr. Hill has been told by 
individuals with percipient knowledge that former President Clinton has never been to Mr. 
Epstein's Virgin Island home. Upon inquiry, I am certain that you would receive similar denials 
from Mr. and Mrs. Gore either directly or by or through their counsel Mr. Boies. Jane Doe 3's 
fabrication of these claims against respected former officials undermines completely the 
trustworthiness of each and every one of her remaining allegations. 
We would expect that, in the wake of the damning independent review of Rolling Stone's 
publications of rape allegations involving students at the University of Virginia, ABC would 
proceed with similar, uncorroborated allegations with extreme caution. At the very least, ABC 
has an obligation to verify—with independent evidence—the truthfulness of Jane Doe 3's 
claims. Merely declining to air those portions of her interview that relate to President Clinton 
and Vice-President Gore is insufficient. If ABC has concerns about her credibility with respect 
to tny allegation, it must decline to republish all of her allegations. 
In June of 2008, Mr. Epstein pleaded guilty to Florida state charges that do not relate to 
Jane Doe 3. After an extensive investigation, the United States declined to prosecute Mr. Epstein 
and provided him with a Non-Prosecution Agreement. Mr. Epstein fully conformed to the 
responsibilities and obligations imposed on him by that agreement. Mr. Epstein is not engaged 
in public activities. He is a private person who has complied and continues to comply with his 
legal obligations, and he is attempting to move forward with his life in a productive way. The 
allegations of Jane Doe 3 are neither credible nor news worthy. ABC should not publish them. 
EFTA00592976
--- PAGE 3 ---
Yours Truly, 
is/Martin C. Weinberg 
CC James E Hill, ABC News 
EFTA00592977

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592978.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592978.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 1 of 5 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA 
JANE DOE I AND JANE DOE 2, 
Petitioners, 
vs. 
UNITED STATES, 
Respondent. 
RESPONDENT'S NOTICE OF FILING EXHIBITS IN SUPPORT OF OPPOSITION 
TO PETITIONERS' MOTION FOR PARTIAL SUMMARY JUDGMENT, AND 
RESPONDENT'S CROSS-MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT 
Respondent United States of America files the attached Exhibits in support of its 
Opposition to Petitioners' Motion for Partial Summary Judgment, and Respondent's Cross-
Motion for Summary Judgment: 
GOVERNMENT SUMMARY JUDGMENT EXHIBITS 
Exhibit Number 
Item 
A 
Letter from James Eisenberg, Esq. to AUSA A. Marie Villafafia, 
September 21, 2006 
B 
DOJ Office of Enforcement Operations approval of testimonial 
immunity for Jane Doe 2, April 13, 2007 
C 
Transcript of April 24, 2007 Interview of Jane Doe 2 
D 
December 21, 2007 letter from Jay Lefkowitz, Esq. to United 
States Attorney R. Alexander Acosta 
E 
August 4, 2006 victim letter to Jane Doe 2 
F 
August 11, 2006 victim letter to Jane Doe 1 
G 
Epstein appeal letters to DOJ Child Exploitation & Obscenity 
I 
EFTA00592978
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 2 of 5 
Section (CEOS) 
H 
May 15, 2008 letter from CEOS to Jay Lefkowitz 
June 23, 2008 letter from Senior Associate Deputy Atty General 
John Roth to Lefkowitz 
J 
January 2008 FBI victim letters to Jane Doe I and Jane Doe 2 
K 
November 28, 2007 letter from Kenneth Starr to Alice Fisher 
L 
December 11, 2007 letter from Lefkowitz to Acosta 
M 
Attorney General Guidelines for Victim and Witness 
Assistance (2005) 
November 27, 2007 email, Jeffrey Sloman to Lefkowitz 
O 
December 26, 2007 letter, Lefkowitz to Acosta 
P 
Complaint E.W. v. Epstein (Jane Doe 1) 
Q 
Complaint, L.M. v. Epstein (Jane Doe 2) 
R 
FBI Special Agent 
Declaration 
S 
AUSA 
Declaration 
July 11, 2008 Hearing Transcript 
U 
August 14, 2008 Hearing Transcript 
 
Letters to Deputy Attorney General Filip from Epstein attorneys 
(May 2008) 
EFTA00592979
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 3 of 5 
Respectfully submitted, 
BENJAMIN G. GREENBERG 
ACTING UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
By 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Miami Florida 33132 
Tel: 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
Assistant United States Attorney 
West Palm Beach Florida 33401 
Tel: 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Florida Bar No. 
N.E. 4th Street 
Miami Florida 33132 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Email: 
Attorneys for the Government 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on June 2, 2017, the foregoing Notice of Filing Exhibits in 
Support of Opposition to Petitioners' Motion for Partial Summary Judgment, and Respondent's 
Cross-Motion for Summary Judgment was filed with the Clerk of the Court and served on counsel 
on the attached service list using CM/ECF. 
EFTA00592980
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 4 of 5 
Assistant United States Attorney 
SERVICE LIST 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
Fort Lauderdale Florida 3 
Tel: 
: Fax: 
E-mail: 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
Universit of Utah 
Salt Lake Cit 
Utah 84112 
Tel: 
; Fax: 
E-mail: 
Attorneys for Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 
Jacqueline Perczek 
BLACK SREBNICK KORNSPAN & STUMPF
Miami FL 33131 
Tel: 
Email: 
Fax: 
Roy E. Black 
BLACK SREBNICK KORNSPAN & STUMPF
Miami FL 
I 
Tel: 
• Fax: 
Email: 
Attorneys for Intervenor Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00592981
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 403 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/02/2017 Page 5 of 5 
Assistant United States Attorney
Miami Florida 33132 
Tel: 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
Assistant United States Attome 
West Palm Beach. Florida 33401 
Tel: 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
Assistant United 
Florida Bar 
tates Attorney 
Miami Florida 33132 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Email: 
Attorneys for the United States 
EFTA00592982

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592983.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15th JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION AG 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMB 
Judge David F. Crow 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiffs. 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
MOTION FOR CLARIFICATION REGARDING DISCOVERY 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant 
JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN ("Epstein"), by and through 
undersigned counsel, hereby moves for clarification of prior court directives regarding a stay of 
discovery until the pleadings are at issue. The grounds for this Motion are as follows: 
1. 
Initially on March 30, 2011, this Court entered an Order staying the issuance of 
subpoenas directed to the Trustee in the RRA bankruptcy. At that time, the court stated the 
pleadings needed to be addressed and directed Epstein to file an Amended Complaint. 
2. 
On July 13, 2011 at the hearing on Defendant Bradley Edwards' ("Edwards") 
Motion to Dismiss the Amended Complaint, this Court stated that it "want[ed] to get a complaint 
out there that withstands the motion to dismiss before we go into all these privilege issues." (Hr'g 
Tr. 7/13/2011 at 155). The Court has also expressed the need to get the pleadings at issue before 
addressing discovery objections and other discovery issues. 
EFTA00592983
--- PAGE 2 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMA/Division AG 
3. 
At the hearing on September 28, 2011 on Edwards' Motion to Dismiss the Second 
Amended Complaint, this Court reiterated that it wanted to get the issues in the pleadings 
resolved before addressing discovery issues. The Court also expressed its concern over the 
viability of Edwards' Counterclaim and wanted its viability addressed before hearing Edwards' 
Motion to Add a Claim for Punitive Damages. Edwards also has initiated and wishes to initiate 
discovery as more fully described below. 
4. 
Now that Edwards' Motion to Dismiss Epstein's Second Amended Complaint has 
been denied, Epstein wishes to proceed with discovery directed to his Second Amended 
Complaint, but is unsure if he can in light of the Court's stated intent to get the pleadings at issue 
first. 
5. 
Epstein would like to address some limited privilege issues: 
(a) 
Edwards has inappropriately claimed privileges relating to approximately 
198 communications with a "Confidential Source," a fictitious category of privilege created by 
Edwards which is not supported by law. There is no privilege for a private party in civil cases 
for a confidential source. See Fla. Stat. § 90.501 et seq. There is First Amendment privilege 
limited to journalists to protect their confidential sources. See Fla. Stat. § 90.5015. Therefore, 
Epstein would like to set for hearing a motion to compel the identification of Edwards' 
"Confidential Source." 
(b) 
The Privilege Log does not identify the recipients of an alleged privileged 
communication with "Confidential Source," "RRA Staff," and "RRA Personnel." 
Such 
identifications violate a court order requiring compliance with the requirements for a Privilege 
Log set forth in TIG Insurance Corporation of America (TIG) v. Johnson, 799 So.2d 339 (Fla. 4th
- 2 - 
EFTA00592984
--- PAGE 3 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Division AG 
DCA 2001) to identify the parties to an alleged privilege communication. Consequently, Epstein 
would like to set a motion directed toward the sufficiency of the Privilege Log. 
6. 
Epstein wishes to proceed with discovery of Edwards' alleged damages, but the 
Motion to Dismiss the Amended Counterclaim is pending, and Epstein is unclear whether those 
discovery requests should wait until that pleading is at issue. 
7. 
Edwards has filed an Amended Counterclaim and a Motion to Dismiss is 
presently pending. Epstein respectfully submits that discovery issues which Edwards presently 
wishes to pursue must wait until the Court determines if the Amended Counterclaim withstands 
Epstein's Motion to Dismiss. 
8. 
Presently, Edwards seeks to re-depose Epstein. At the hearing on July 13, 2011, 
this matter was deferred pending getting the pleadings to issue. Given the areas of inquiry 
Edwards wants to address in a follow-up deposition based on the Amended Counterclaim, 
Epstein submits Epstein's deposition should be postponed until Edwards' Amended Counterclaim 
withstands a Motion to Dismiss, if it can. The trial court can and should stay discovery pending 
ruling on dispositive motions. Capco Properties, LLC v. Monterey Gardens of Pinecrest 
Condominium, 982 So.2d 1211, 1215 (Fla. 3 DCA 2008); Chudasama v. Mazda Motor Corp., 
123 F.3d 1353, 1368 (11th Cir. 1997). 
9. 
Edwards wants to depose individuals who Epstein believes do not have 
information bearing on the issues as presently framed. Those individuals are Ghislaine Maxwell, 
Howard Rubenstein, Ava Cordero, and Alan Dershowitz, who Edwards claims have information 
regarding victim issues, which allegedly took place before the present litigation. The relevancy 
- 3 - 
EFTA00592985
--- PAGE 4 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Division AG 
of victim issues and extent of discovery into victim issues need to be deferred until Edwards' 
Counterclaim withstands a Motion to Dismiss. 
10. 
Other potential areas of discovery may exist. Epstein requests clarification of 
what can be done now and what should wait until all the pleadings are at issue. 
11. 
Epstein represents that this Motion is made in good faith and not for the purposes 
of delay. Epstein also represents that he has and will attempt to make an effort to resolve this 
Motion without the need of a hearing. 
WHEREFORE, the Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Jeffrey Epstein requests clarification of 
this Court's prior directives relating to discovery before the pleadings are at issue. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via e-mail 
and U.S. Mail on this 4m day of November, 2011 to: Jack Scarola, Esq., Searcy Denney Scarola 
et al., 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409; Jack Alan Goldberger, 
Esq., Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A., 
Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012; and Marc S. Nurik, Esq., Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik, 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301. 
Respectfully ub itted, 
it 
f4
NAN.,,...ft....2L)
J seph L. Ackerman, Jr. 
Florida Bar No. 
FOWLER WHITE I3URNETT, P.A. 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Attorneys for Je rey pstein, Plaintiff 
West 
- 4 - 
EFTA00592986
--- PAGE 5 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Division AG 
and 
Christopher E. Knight
Florida Bar. No. 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT, P.A. 
Miami, Flo 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein, Plaintiff 
- 5 - 
EFTA00592987

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592988.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 151° JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION AG 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMB 
Judge David F. Crow 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant, 
v. 
SCOTT man ISTEIN, individually and 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
Defendants/Counter-Plaintiffs. 
NOTICE OF HEARING 
(Uniform Motion Calendar) 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned has set down for hearing before the 
Honorable David F. Crow, one of the Judges of the above-styled Court, in Courtroom 9C at the 
Palm Beach County Courthouse, 
Wednesday, November 9, 2011 at 8:45 a.m., the following: 
West Palm Beach, Florida on 
PLAINTIFF/COUNTER-DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S 
MOTION FOR CLARIFICATION REGARDING DISCOVERY 
I hereby certify that I have made a good faith attempt to resolve this matter prior to my 
noticing this Motion for hearing. 
PLEASE GOVERN YOURSELVES ACCORDINGLY. 
In accordance with the Americans With Disabilities Act, if you arc a person 
with a disability who needs any accommodation in order to participate in this 
proceeding, you are entitled, at no cost to you, to the provision of certain 
assistance. 
Please contact Krista Garber, ADA Coordinator, in the 
Administrative Office of the Court, Palm Beach County Courthouse, 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401; 
EFTA00592988
--- PAGE 2 ---
Epstein v. Rothstein and Edwards 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMB/Division AG 
telephone number 
at least 7 days before your scheduled court 
appearance, or immediately upon receiving this notification if the time before 
the scheduled appearance is less than 7 days; if you are hearing or voice 
impaired call 711. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via e-mail 
and U.S. Mail on this 4th day of November, 2011 to: Jack Scarola, Esq., Searcy Denney Scarola 
et al., 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409; Jack Alan Goldberger, 
Esq., Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A., 
Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012; and Marc S. Nurik, Esq., Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik, 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301. 
os 
L. Ackerman Jr. 
Florida Bar No. 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiff Jeffrey Epstein 
West 
West Palm 
Palm Beach Flori 
33401 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
- 2 - 
EFTA00592989

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592990.pdf
----------------------------------------
11/02/2011 13:26 FAX 
SEARCY DENNEY 
ooi 
Nyirn PALM RP ACM dfFirFt 
WEST PALM SEAM 'LOMA 33400 
IRMEACK 
FLORIDA 33102 
=Swain 
ATTCOICYS /1 VIM; 
ROSALYN HA BAKER•OAPMES 
't °moony orsoiAPIT 
RARDL.E Warn 
UltIPIE A MIMS 
DAM R NNW 
Dana S. FLAMER 
Luna, Ram 
Jima vo.GuSuFaoti..m. 
JAL HD RILL 
DA= K. KELL Et 'L 
Milan ia& 
• 
DARRYL 
•DilLUAM a. IDDROXI 
MAO( E.OLINLANL 
ECOARD 
MCC1 
*JODI fe.ADOLA 
Mania 
D. MIMI 
'S.. 
A.Smairni 
ORRIMPLaii Kona 
, 
MORD MALA.M.L.F
CAROL EMMY 
I. 
YICADINWARRIMMR • 
Sala 
-DAL I. Dalai. AO 
sHARIDOLDIMI 
WARD GOMM, 
ALISOMMCISED 
AIRLOCK( 
Lame 
L wawa 
waSCHUSIT TS 
latISSOD 
• mw RimpeoaRE 
L Law war 
F WODA 
• (DALMOIDL DC 
PaLLEDAla 
AKAN AYAmTAILDA 
WIN M OUPWSNe 
ompow.o•macaLt 
JOsoiC HOmaHt 
5K4 Sanaa 
ODIALI II (Dun 
VINCENT L•LEOrtiat 
JAMES DETER LOM 
ROHM tI DOOLL Li 
RAM F Day 
KATHLEEN PARCH 
!Mg &MATH 
DONNIE ROARK 
(MITER A. STEIN 
SEARCY 
DENNEY 
SCAROLA 
BARNHART 
°TN-SHIPLEY. 
VIA FAX AND U.S. MAIL 
November 2, 2011 
Joseph L. Ackerman, Jr., Esq. 
Fowler White Burnett, P.A. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Re: 
Epstein v. Rothstein, et al 
Our File No.: 291874 
Dear Joe: 
eict 
LJDLLAHA5NarIFFIeF' 
TALUOOLIStr. FL r301-1231 
TALLAHASSEE. FLORIDA 92362 
Enclosed please find a Notice of Hearing for November 9, 2011 at 8:45 a.m. on 
Plaintiff Jeffrey Epstein's Renewed Motion for Protective Order Relating to His 
Deposition. If there is a possibility of resolving any of the issues raised in the motion 
without the necessity of court intervention, please call me. 
Since my schedule often makes it difficult to reach me by phone during regular 
business hours, I invite you, if necessary, to call me at home in the evening at 
K SCAROLA 
/mep 
Enc. 
cc: 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
as33sti 
EFTA00592990
--- PAGE 2 ---
11/02/2011 13:28 FAX 
SEARCY DENNEY 
2002 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
NOTICE OF HEARING 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that the undersigned has called up for hearing the 
following: 
DATE: 
November 9, 2011 
TI? 
PL 
E: 
8:45 a.m. 
GE: 
Honorable David F. Crow (Palm Beach County Courthouse) 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
CE: 
ROOM #: 
9-C 
SPIICIFIC MATTERS TO BE HEARD: 
PLAINTIFF JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S RENEWED MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 
RELATING TO HIS DEPOSITION 
Moving counsel certifies that he or she contacted opposing counsel and attempted to 
resolve the dispute without hearing. 
EFTA00592991
--- PAGE 3 ---
11/02/2011 13:27 FAX 
SEARCY DENNEY 
71003 
Ed% ards adv. Epstein 
Cass No.: 502009CA040800VOCCMBAG 
Notice of Hearing 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been furnished by 
and U.S. Mail to all Counsel on the attached list, this 2nd day of November, 2011. 
st Palm 
33409 
hone: 
Fax: 
Attorney for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00592992
--- PAGE 4 ---
..... ... ..... 6-272tin f IV '11,11.
gltiltIrtaNgY 
171004 
Edw 
adv. Epstein 
Cas No.: 502009CA040800XXXXivIBAG 
Notice of Hearing 
Jacd A. Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Pholie: 
Fax 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
F 
I er, Jaffe, Weissin , Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
Fo Lauderdale FL 33301 
Pho e:
Fax; 
AttOmeys for Jeffrey Epstein 
h L. Ackerman Jr. Es uire 
Burnett, P.A. 
COUNSEL LIST 
West Palm Beach FL 33401-6170 
Pho
Fari
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
S. Nurik Es Uire 
Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
Forl Lau rdale FL 
Phone: 
Fax 
Att rneys for Scott Rothstein 
33301 
EFTA00592993
--- PAGE 5 ---
11/02/2011 13:27 FAX 
SEARCY DENNEY 
1Thoos 
ca
Ed 
rds adv. Epstein 
No.: 502009CA040800X.XXX.MBAG 
Noti 
i e of Hearing 
If you are a person with a disability who needs any accommodation in 
rder to participate in this proceeding, you are entitled, at no cost to 
you, to the provision of certain assistance. Please contact Krista Garber, 
Americans with Disabilities Act Coordinator, at least 7 days before your 
kheduled court appearance, or immediately upon receiving this 
otification if the time before the scheduled appearance is less than 7 
ays; if you are hearing or voice impaired, call 711." 
`Si 
usted 
es 
un a 
persona 
minusvilida 
que 
necesita 
algim 
comodamiento pant poder participar en este procedimiento, usted 
tiene derecho, sin tener gastos propios, a que se le provea cierta ayuda. 
Tenga la amabilidad de ponerse en contacto con Krista Garber 
Americans with Disabilities Act Coordinator, por lo menos 7 dias antes 
lie la cita fijada pare su comparecencia en los tribunales, o 
fnmediatamente despues de recibir esta notificacion si el tiempo antes de 
la comparecencia que se ha programado es menos de 7 dias; si usted 
Ilene discapacitacien del oido o de la voz, !lame a! 711." 
`Si ou se yon moun ki ennui ki bezwen akomodasyon pou w ka patisipe 
nan pwosedi sa, ou kalifye san ou pa gen okenn lajan pou w peye, gen 
pwovizyon pou jwen kek ed. Tanpri kontakte nan 7 jou anvan dat ou 
fen randevou pou park nan tribinal la, oubyen imedyatman apre ou fin 
resevwa konvokasyon an si le ou gen pou w park nan tribinal la mwens 
ke 7 jou; si ou gen pwoblem pou w tande oubyen pale, rele 711." 
EFTA00592994

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592995.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00592995

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592996.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592996.pdf
----------------------------------------
FORM NO. 6 
Registration No. 25703 
BERMUDA 
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
I hereby in accordance with section 14 of the Companies Act 1981 issue this 
Certificate of Incorporation and do certify that on the 18th day of November, 
1998 
Piston II Ltd. 
was registered by me in the Register maintained by me under the provisions of the 
said section and that the status of the said company is that of an exempted 
company. 
Given under my hand and the Seal of the 
REGISTRAR OF COMPANIES this 19th 
day of November, 1998. 
for Reg' 
r of Comp ies 
EFTA00592996

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592997.pdf
----------------------------------------
XI! Maitt 
crlu men 
"V)* citaccED 
evertarn 
--t- -- I 
' 
: 
.•:•• 
t 
.......!-.--..--h-- . 
: 
• 
i 
. 
: 
. ! 
.......t.- r..-1.--:-._—.-
'
................}.1 ... ....1...___.! _4_4_ 
. 
: 
i 
: 
a 
• 
: 
- 
—i—••••••• : 
• 
; 
Hi' 
: 
: 
: ! ! 
••—•4•••••••••. 
: 
• 
!
I 
• 
. 
a 
; 
I 
• 
. 
. 
f 
I
I 
! 
: 
i 
i 
: ! 
: 
• 
! : 
. . .4_1._ i .mim4....l
in....m....ms4.im...40.••••••••• 
....4 .... 1•....••••••••••••••••••i••••••La••••• .••i. 
. 
..• 
t 
I 
: : 
i 
! 
: 
: 
, 
• 
.
I 
• 
i 
. 
• 
: 
r ....r
nt —r
- ' 
. 
I 
i 
i 
• 
•
• 
i 
i 
rn
! 
i
i
t ... ! 
" 
;
I
! 
a 
. 
•! 
i 
; 
''  ' ---i
In--  1 I i • i i  
-.-1.  : 
 :
i 
• 
i 
I 
I 
i 
i 
i 
... __ ..
i  
' 
- 
I 
d'a.....1
, 
; 
 -r-r , , , i-
i 
'; 
: 
. -+ 
;• 
, .. ---i-i- : 
i i i 
! !'  . 
; I 
`i 
:.
_...i 
, 
i 
i. 
I 
:.
. 
: 
---t--!--. 
; 
z 
4.: ---4..-1.—
''''' Vet
- -;-
-- 
- 
t 
i. 
: 
• 
-
 •. 
W I 
; 
t: 
t 
: 
: 
! 
: 
. 
a 
a 
:
i 
, 
i 
: 
: 
I 
: 
i
t
!
i 
 l re"
r 
aj 
T itl
i
i 
. 
• 
-t.th.-
--.
! aa -at— f —t--L--4 
• tt---+-7 ..... a . •-•••'-' 
........t .- . .... ....-t- -.tat.- t- ..... t  
. 
.... .........t.....:-..-1...4.4--t.....a.-- 
! 
. 
i 
i 
a 
; 
E 
!
!    !  
 - - ----
-Sr: 
....,.._,.._ ____.........___. • :t. - 
-1 
.• 
* ---4 
: 
! 
:
: 
: 
: 
• 
:
•••••••••••,---4-4...+.,....i..........._.÷.._ 
sla..........•• 
••••••••••••••••••••.—••••••.1....—..t.—..4.—..—..-- 10 
- 
...•••••••••••,••• ••••;•••••••• ••
•—•••••••4•••••
! 
; 
...
.•••1.....1 ....:.
.• ....  
. 
; 
! 
t 
: 
- 
, 
i 
'" 
• 
: 
. 
" '"'
""""• "11.1
••••r
..
fl
t
.i 
-
—" r 
• 
• 
 T ..... 
t
i
; 
! 
i
t
t
a
. 
:
a
! . 
• 
a.
•
•
•  
• 
t 
• 
4..4 1
• 
• 
-I-4. 
4-•• 
! 
! 
i
! 
• 1 
a 
• I 
: 
• 
• 
; 
: 
• 
• 
• 
 • 
• 
" 
• 
• 
i 
••• 
EFTA00592997

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592998.pdf
----------------------------------------
International Cheques. Drafts and IMOs 
Draft Unit, 
Floor 4B 
BARCLAYS 
September 2015 
Barclays International Draft - Beneficiary's Advice 
We enclose a Barclays International Draft which we have been asked to forward to you. We confirm 
details of the Draft below: 
Name of MR MARK WILLIAM LLOYD 
purchaser 
Int. Draft number 03102624 
Value of draft 
80,000.00 
Sterling equIvalent40.268.48 
Message 
tell BARCLAYS 
Name of 
MR JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
beneficiary 
Order Ref No 
MWL 
Currency code USD 
Delivery method cower 
THIS :)KArr NASA HOLOGRAM fit tHF, NUM6I.R 
ISSUING 
OFFICE aReele-DocistaliS 
288 
PAY TO THE 
ORDER OF 
NR JEFFREY E ePsrEtm— 
- 
— THE SUM OF --e- USDOLtARSOCIYTHOUSANDONLY 
BY ORDER OF 
MR MARK WILLIAM LLOYD
Drawn or
. . 
sr.-iron= mi 
APSIITY114C11 
No. 03102624. 
DATE  
1INENTY-NINni SEPTSUR 2015 
US $ 
60000 00-
FOR 
ON BEHALF Of BARCLAYS BANK PLC 
siG NO 
SIG NO I 
end me Peinerdial NeSsilaboo Auesooty (Financial Services Region. No 1227021. 
Reentered in Enalend Reasoned No. 1026167. Rost/Ned Circe. 1 Churchill Rice. London E14 SNP 
EFTA00592998

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00592999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00592999.pdf
----------------------------------------
Date 
October 2012 
JMWT ACQUISITION LLP 
as the Lender 
and 
JMWT MIDCO LIMITED 
as the Borrower 
LOAN AGREEMENT 
MACFARLAN ES 
Macfarlanes LLP 
London EC4A 1LT 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
EFTA00592999
--- PAGE 2 ---
DATE 
PARTIES 
OCTOBER 2012 
JMWT ACQUISITION LLP, a limited liability partnership incorporated in En land and Wales 
with registration number OC378972 whose registered office is at 
London, EC4A 1BD (the 'Lender); and 
JMWT MIDCO LIMITED, a company incorporated in En land and Wales with registration 
number 08233425 whose registered office is at 
London, EC4A 1BD (the 
"Borrower"). 
INTRODUCTION 
This Agreement sets out the terms and conditions on which the Lender has made or, as the case may 
be, is to make available to the Borrower a loan of £13,735,000 (the "Loan"). 
AGREEMENT 
Interpretation 
1.1 
In this agreement the following words and expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Advance: any advance of the Loan made prior to the date of this Agreement or, as the case 
may be, to be made by the Lender to the Borrower in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement; 
Applicable Rate: 12 per cent. per annum: 
Bidco: JMWT Limited; 
Final Repayment Date: (i) 364 days from the date of this Agreement, or (ii) such other date 
on which the Loan becomes repayable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; 
Parties: the parties to this agreement; and 
Subscription: the subscription by the Borrower of ordinary shares in Bidco. 
1.2 
Unless a contrary indication appears, a reference in this agreement to: 
1.2.1 
any Party shall be construed so as to include its successors in title, permitted 
assigns and permitted transferees; 
1.2.2 
a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; 
1.2.3 
a clause is to a clause of this agreement; and 
1.2.4 
clause headings are for ease of reference only. 
Purpose 
The Borrower shall use Loan for the purpose of funding the Subscription. 
Condition precedent 
The Lender shall not, unless it agrees otherwise, be obliged to make any Advance unless 
the Lender has received the duplicate of this Agreement duly signed by the Borrower. 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
EFTA00593000
--- PAGE 3 ---
Drawdown 
4.1 
The Loan shall be drawn down in such number of Advances as agreed by the Lender, in an 
aggregate amount of up to £13,735,000. 
Interest 
5.1 
The Loan will bear interest at the Applicable Rate. 
5.2 
Interest will be payable in arrears on the Final Payment Date. 
5.3 
Interest shall accrue from day to day and shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 365 
days and the actual number of days elapsed. 
Repayment and prepayment 
6.1 
The Loan shall be repaid in full on the earlier of (i) the Final Payment Date and (ii) any other 
date agreed between the Parties. Each repayment shall be made together with all interest 
accrued on the amount repaid. 
Notices 
7.1 
Each communication to be made under this agreement shall be made in writing and, unless 
otherwise agreed, may be made by fax, letter or email. 
7.2 
Any communication or document to be made or delivered pursuant to this agreement shall 
be made or delivered to the other Party at its registered office (or such other address as the 
recipient Party has notified to the other Party for this purpose). 
Third parties 
The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 shall not apply to this Agreement. 
Counterparts 
This agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all 
of such counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same 
instrument. 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
10.1 
This agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it 
are governed by English law. 
10.2 
The Parties irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts as regards 
any proceeding, claim, dispute or matter arising out of or relating to this agreement. 
This Agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Agreement. 
2Errorl Unknown document property name. 5-Oct-12 Effort Unknown documen 
EFTA00593001
--- PAGE 4 ---
SIGNED by JMWT LW 
for and on behalf of JMWT ACQUISITION LLP 
The Borrower, having decided that the proposed borrowing is appropriate and in its best interests, 
hereby accepts the above terms and conditions. 
Sign only if you want to be legally bound by the terms of this Agreement 
SIGNED by Leon David Black 
for and on behalf of JMWT MIDCO LIMITED 
) 
3Errort Unknown document property name. 3-Oct-12 Error! Unknown documen 
EFTA00593002

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593003.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593003.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 347 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/28/2015 Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:08.80736-Civ-Marra/Johnson 
JANE DOE #1 and JANE DOE #2 
v. 
UNITED STATES 
JANE DOE NO. 1 AND JANE DOE NO. 2'S MOTION TO TEMPORARILY SEAL 
THEIR MOTION TO COMPEL ANSWERS TO SUPPLEMENTAL REQUESTS FOR 
ADMISSIONS AND REQUESTS FOR PRODUCTION 
COME NOW Jane Doe No. I and Jane Doe No. 2 (the "victims"), by and through 
undersigned counsel, to file this motion to temporarily seal their Motion to Compel Answers to 
Supplemental Requests for Admission and Requests for Production (hereinafter referred to as the 
"Motion to Compel"). 
As indicated in their Motion to Compel, see page 2 at n. 1, the victims have attempted to 
secure the documents in question through voluntary production, by requests to both the 
Government and an identified non-party. Those efforts have been unsuccessful, prompting the 
need for a motion to the court. The victims are aware that a non-party to this litigation may attempt 
to intervene and argue that their motion is not proper should not be a part of the public court file. 
The victims, of course, take the view that their Motion to Compel is proper and is the appropriate 
procedural method for obtaining this information that clearly meets the threshold of being 
reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence. In light of local rule 5.4(a) 
which indicates that Court filings are generally a matter of public record, the victims understand 
that this motion would not typically be sealed. However, in order to give the identified non-party 
EFTA00593003
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 347 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/28/2015 Page 2 of 4 
an opportunity to try to raise any arguments he might wish to present to the Court on this issue, 
the victims request that their motion be placed under a temporary seal. 
WHEREFORE, the victims request that their Motion to Compel be placed under seal for 
ten days or until the Court has ruled on any motion by any non-party to seal the motion, whichever 
is longer. 
DATED: December 28, 2015 
Respectfully Submitted, 
/s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
Fort Lauderdale Florida 33301 
Telephone 
Facsimile 
E-mail: 
And 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah'
Salt Lake Cit UT 84112 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
E-Mai 
Attorneys for Jane Does No. 1, 2, 3 and 4 
'This daytime business address is provided for identification and correspondence purposes 
only and is not intended to imply institutional endorsement by the University of Utah 
EFTA00593004
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 347 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/28/2015 Page 3 of 4 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that the foregoing document was served on December 28, 2015, on the following 
using the Court's CM/ECF system or, for non-parties, by separate email service: 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Attorneys for the Government 
Roy Eric Black 
Jacqueline Perczek 
Black Srebnick Kornspan & Stumpf 
Miami FL 33131 
Fax: 
Email: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Kendall Coffe Fla. Bar No. 
Gabriel Groisman Fla. Bar No. 
Beniamin H. Brodsky, Fla. Bar No.
COFFEY BURLINGTON, P.L. 
Miami, Florida 33133 
Telephone; 
Facsimile: 
Thomas E. Scott , Jr. 
Cole Scott & Kissane 
EFTA00593005
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 347 Entered on FLSD Docket 12/28/2015 Page 4 of 4 
Miami FL 33156 
Fax: 
Email: 
Attorneys for Alan Dershowitz 
/s/ Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00593006

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593007.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593007.pdf
----------------------------------------
TAYLOR. COTTON & RIDLEY, INC. 
PHONE 
- ORLANDO FL. 32808 
FAX 
REVISED QUOTATION 
December 3, 2015 
LITTLE ST. JAMES ISLAND 
ATTN: DANNY VICARS 
JOB: SPECIAL-LITE DOORS, FRAMES & HARDWARE 
THANK YOU FOR THE OPPORTUNITY TO QUOTE THIS PROJECT 
2- PAIR 3-0 X 8-0 X 1-3/4 FLUSH SL-17 FRP DOORS WITH 1-3/4 X 5" 
TUBE FRAME PREPPED FOR HINGES, LOCDK AND FLUSHBOLTS. 
3- PAIR 4-0 X 8-0 X 1-3/4 FLUSH SL-17 FRP DOORS WITH 1-3/4 X 5" 
TUBE FRAME PREPPED FOR HINGES, LOCK AND FLUSHBOLTS. 
4- 3-0 X 8-0 X 1-3/4 SL-17 FLUSH FRP DOORS WITH 1-3/4 X 5" TUBE 
FRAMES PREPPED FOR HINGE AND LOCK. 
56- BB 4 1/2 X 4 1/2  NRP HINGES US23D. 
- SCHLAGE AL53PD X SAT LEVER KEYLOCKS 626. 
- ROCKWOOD 555 X 24" FLUSHBOLTS 626. 
14- LCN 4040XP CLOSERS ALUM. 
- NGP THRESHOLD 896V X 36" ALUM. 
- NGP THRESHOLD 896V X 72" ALUM. 
- NGP THRESHOLD 896V X 84" ALUM. 
FURNISHED ONLY - FREIGHT TO PORT IN MIAMI INCLUDED 
(DOORS SHIPPED DIRECT TO PORT) 
EXCLUSIOINS: INSTALLATION, KEYING, LABOR TO RECEIVE 
MATERIAL, EXTRA PROTECTION OF DOORS 
(OTHER THAN MANUFACTURE'S PACKAGING) 
PRICE: 
35,597.00 
TAX 6% 
2,135.82 
TAX 1% 
50.00 
TOTAL 
$37,782.82 
TERMS: PREPAYMENT REQUIRED 
PLEASE ALLOW 6 - 8 WEEKS FOR DELIVERY 
THIS QUOTATION IS GOOD FOR 30 DAYS 
SUBJECT TO MANUFACTURE'S LEAD TIMES 
QUOTED BY: 
APPROVED BY: 
Pete Davila 
P.O. # 
EFTA00593007

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593008.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593008.pdf
----------------------------------------
KIMBERLY HOMAN 
Attorney at Law 
Boston. Massachusetts 02116 
December 10, 2015 
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Jeffrey Epstein 
% Martin G. Weinberg 
Boston, Massachusetts 02116 
INVOICE 
FOR LEGAL SERVICES RENDERED: 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Entail 
DATE 
SERVICES 
FIOURS
12/2-127/15 
Research re computer searches and statutes relevant to 
issues relating to computer search; draft memorandum 
regarding same 
BALANCE DUE ® $500 per hour 
$10,500.00 
EFTA00593008

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593009.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593009.pdf
----------------------------------------
Planned public lecture and colloquia — Application for the Origins Project Prize 
Meng Su 
From the Gamma-ray Bubbles to the Cosmic Microwave Background: 
The Origins of the Super-massive Black Holes, Dark Matter, and the 
Universe 
I have a broad range of research interests in many areas of cosmology and astrophysics. The 
core purpose of my research activities is to advance the frontier of physics by observing the Uni-
verse. This includes discovering unexpected gigantic structure in the Milky Way, searching for 
signals from dark matter particles in gamma rays and cosmic rays, and finding evidence for pri-
mordial gravitational waves as a smoking gun signal of the cosmic inflation. In addition to using 
existing telescopes across the electromagnetic spectrum, I lead research groups towards next gener-
ation spacebome gamma-ray detectors and ground-based telescopes to measure the faint polarized 
signal of the Cosmic Microwave Background. I will cover these broad research areas in the public 
lecture and the three departmental colloquia, with a focus on interesting recent findings. 
The public lecture: Double Bubble Trouble in Our Milky Way: Surprises When You Look 
Up with Gamma-ray Goggles 
Abstract: Astronomers have been studying our home galaxy — the Milky Way for centuries, 
however, we still find it full of surprises. In this talk, I will describe a spectacular mysterious 
phenomenon we recently discovered in our Milky Way: a pair of gigantic expanding bubbles 
(known as the Fermi bubbles) shining most brightly in energetic gamma rays. The whole structure 
has a size of , 50,000 light years, almost the size of the Milky Way disk, and may be only a few 
million years old. The outlines of the bubbles are quite sharp, and the bubbles themselves glow in 
nearly uniform gamma rays over their colossal surfaces, like two incandescent bulbs screwed into 
the center of the galaxy. This double-bubble structure is most likely created by some episode of 
large energy injection from the center of the Galaxy, like huge jets of accelerated matter blasting 
out through a gigantic belch of the super-massive black hole, with a mass 4 million times that of 
our sun located at the heart of the Milky Way. Or the double bubbles could have been formed by 
a population of giant stars, born from the plentiful gas surrounding the black hole, all exploding 
as supernovae at roughly the same time. I will discuss how we will be able to distinguish the two 
senarios with future powerful telescopes. Furthermore, while looking at the Fermi bubbles near 
the galactic center, we have found a promising signal that could potentially be associated with dark 
matter particles — the mysterious component that makes up 80% matter of the Universe. It extends 
a significant distance from the galactic center, and has a lot of the properties that you would expect 
from a dark matter signal. In fact we were motivated to search for evidence of dark matter in 
gamma rays from the inner galaxy, but ended up with finding the unexpected pair of bubbles. It 
would be a supreme irony if we found the Fermi bubbles while looking for dark matter and then 
while studying the Fermi bubbles we discovered dark matter. 
First colloquium: Discovery of the Fermi Bubbles 
Abstract: Our home galaxy is full of surprises. While looking for dark matter signal from 
the Galactic center using data from the Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope, we have discovered 
a pair of giant gamma-ray bubbles in the Milky Way, extending —50 degrees above and below 
the Galactic center (known as the Fermi bubbles). These structures could result from a past ener-
getic accretion-driven outflow from the central supermassive black hole, or Galactic winds from 
EFTA00593009
--- PAGE 2 ---
Planned public lecture and colloquia — Application for the Origins Project Prize 
Meng Su 
an extensive nuclear starburst. Furthermore, I recently found evidence for large-scale double-jet 
structures symmetrically distributed around the Galactic center and emanating through the bubbles. 
These collimated jets could be resulted from the relativistic outflows originated from the Sgr A* in 
the Galactic center, and may be what caused the Fermi bubbles to inflate. If confirmed, these jets 
would be the first spatially resolved gamma-ray jets ever seen. These jet features provide further 
evidence that the Fermi bubble structure might have created by past activities from the central black 
hole. I will discuss a series of X-ray, radio, and UV observations using Chandra, XMM-Newton, 
Jansky VLA, and Hubble to study the Fermi bubble structure through multiwavelength observa-
tions. With the help from extensive simulations, we expect to learn about the plasma properties at 
the bubble interface with the Galactic halo, the accretion history of the central supermassive black 
hole, along with the impact of the Fermi bubbles on the halo of intra-Galactic gas halo. 
Second colloquium: Indirect Search for Dark Matter Particle 
Abstract: The inner Galaxy is an ideal target to search for signatures of dark matter particle 
annihilation, especially in high energy gamma rays. In this talk, I will give a summary of the 
current status of the search of dark matter particle from high energy astronomical observations. In 
some dark matter models, dark matter particles can annihilate or decay into two photons, producing 
a spectral line in gamma rays. The detection of a high energy gamma-ray line in the Galactic center 
or other galaxies/galaxy clusters would be a smoking gun for dark matter particles. Recent data 
from the Fermi Gamam-ray Space Telescope) revealed an evidence of excess of photons in the 
Galactic center with energies near 130 GeV. Given the importance of the potential discovery of 
dark matter annihilation signal, we have changed the survey strategy of the Fermi satellite for 
one year: instead of uniformly surveying the full sky, increasing the exposure towards Galactic 
center by a factor of two. In addition, the Dark Matter Particle Explorer (DAMPE) satellite will 
be launched later this year with the energy resolution more than one order of magnitude better 
than Fermi. It will significantly improve the sensitivity to find dark matter induced gamma-ray line 
feature. Besides the potential line signature of the dark matter particle, recent analysis also revealed 
a significant , GeV excess from the Galactic center region, which has been claimed as a potential 
signal from dark matter annihilation. The revealed spectrum and spatial distribution is consistent 
with a few tens of GeV Weakly Interacting Massive Particle (WIMP) annihilate to standard model 
particles in the inner Galactic halo. Despite the claimed quite significant detection, systematic 
uncertainties due to contamination from diffuse gamma-ray emission produced in the interstellar 
environment along the line of sight, and unresolved point sources could be significant and hard 
to remove, because of the relatively large point spread function of Fermi at <1 GeV. Sub-GeV is 
crucial to distinguish both the spectrum and the overall spatial distribution of this potential dark 
matter signal from other astrophysical models e.g. millisecond pulsar models. I will discuss the 
instrument concept of a high angular resolution telescope that I have recently proposed, dedicated 
to the sub-GeV gamma-ray detection. The proposed mission named PANGU (PAir-production 
Gamma-ray Unit) has significantly improved PSF, thus will be able to reveal the nature of this 
excess by enabling more reliable analysis towards inner Galaxy. Furthermore, indirect dark matter 
search in sub-GeV gamma ray is also complementary to future direct search and collider search 
for low mass dark matter candidates, which is not yet well constrained by other means. 
EFTA00593010
--- PAGE 3 ---
Planned public lecture and colloquia — Application for the Origins Project Prize 
Meng Su 
Third Colloquium: Searching for Primordial Gravitational Waves from Inflation: Results 
from Current Experiments and the Future Plan 
Abstract: The Cosmic Microwave Background (CMB) is the oldest observable light in the 
universe, and has proven to be an extremely important tool in modern observational cosmology. 
Inflation, the superluminal expansion of the universe during the first moments after the Big Bang, 
predicts a Cosmic Gravitational-Wave Background, which in turn imprints a faint but unique sig-
nature of "B-mode" polarization of the CMB at degree angular scales. Detection of the B-mode 
signature from inflation would constitute strong evidence for inflation and a test of inflationary 
models at the energy scale of grand unified theories. The series of BICEP experiments, which 
observed from the South Pole since 2006, are polarization-sensitive microwave telescopes that ob-
serves the CMB at degree angular scales and are specifically designed to search for this signature 
of inflation. BICEP2 is the second experiment in a four-stage line of degree-scale polarimeters 
at the South Pole. BICEP2 was operated during 2010-2012 and produced ultra deep maps at 150 
GHz of a 380 square degree patch of sky. Extracting the B-mode of the polarization pattern a >5 
sigma excess is found over the standard cosmological model at angular scales of a few degrees. 
Internal consistency tests demonstrate that systematics are small compared to the observed excess. 
Foreground contamination from polarized Galactic dust emission remains because of the observa-
tional uncertainty from higher frequencies, even including recent data from the Planck satellite. 
Cross correlation against existing 100 GHz maps confirms the excess and indicates a frequency 
spectral index consistent with CMB. The observed spectrum is well fit when including an infla-
tionary gravitational wave component with the tensor/scalar ratio parameter r = 0.2. BICEP2 only 
observed 2% of the full sky. I will discuss the future effort of observing the full sky from ground 
based telescopes. In particular, I have recently proposed an unique site in Tibet for future CMB 
observations to cover a large area of the northern sky, complementary to the current and planned 
CMB programs at the South Pole and Chile. At the Tibet site, we also plan to build a large ape-
ture telescope with the goal of using the CMB as a "backlight" to study the evolution of massive 
clusters of galaxies, the distribution of dark matter at large scale, the total mass of the three active 
neutrino species, and to learn about the equation of state of the dark energy. 
EFTA00593011

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593012.pdf
----------------------------------------
*•** FILED: BROWARD COUNTY. FL Howard C. Forman. CLERK 12/9/2015 12:29:35 PM.*•** 
IN 
THE 
CIRCUIT 
COURT 
OF 
THE 
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: CACE 15-000072 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and 
PAUL G. CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs / Counterclaim Defendants, 
v. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant / Counterclaim Plaintiff. 
ORDER ON DEFENDANT/COUNTERCLAIM PLAINTIFF'S MOTION TO COMPEL 
PLAINTIFF'S PRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS AND MOTION FOR FINDING OF 
WAIVER BASED ON PLAINTIFF'S FAILURE TO PROVIDE A PRIVILEGE LOG 
THIS CAUSE having come before the Court on Defendant/Counter Claim Plaintiff's 
Motion to Compel Plaintiff's Production of Documents and Defendant/Counter Claim Plaintiff's 
Motion for Finding of Waiver Based on Plaintiff's Failure to Provide a Privilege Log, and the 
Court having heard argument, reviewed the pleadings and exhibits and being otherwise fully 
advised in the premises, it is hereby, 
ORDERED AND ADJUGED that 
I. 
Defendant/Counterclaim Plaintiffs Motion to Compel Plaintiffs Production of 
Documents and complete responses to interrogatories is hereby denied. Pre March 2014 
communication are protected by the work product privilege and the witness has not waived the 
communications that were protected by the attorney-client privilege. Also, there was no waiver 
by the Plaintiffs by filing suit. 
13866334 I 
EFTA00593012
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASE NO: CACE 15-000072 
2. 
Defendant's Motion for a finding of waiver based on Plaintiffs failure to provide a 
privilege log is hereby denied. However, the court orders Plaintiffs to provide an itemized 
privilege log within 30 days. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Broward County, Florida this 61 day of No3cartret5115. 
HONORABLE THOMAS LYNCH 
Circuit Court Judge 
Copies furnished to: All Counsel of Record 
of 2 
13866334 I 
EFTA00593013

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593014.pdf
----------------------------------------
My
wunutes 
Personal 
Fitness 
Training 
My30Minutes Global, LLC 
Dubai, U.A.E. 
Po.Box 124688 
Phone: 
Mobile: 
FORMAL OFFER and LETTER OF INTENT for Franchise development in New York, 
U.S.A. 
I. BRAND AND MATERIAL: 
Access to all my 30 minutes intellectual property, including use of name 
Images for display and marketing (press release, media, brochures...) 
Official franchisee Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) booklet (50+ pages about 
day to day operations, management and training — to be used for set-up and reference) 
Social media presence and support (Facebook, Instagram) site 
Existing documentation including: 
o Letterhead, Client forms (Trial session contra-indications & medical check, 
contracts, surveys/feedback, etc.), schedules, descriptions, literature etc. 
Legal documents when applicable and Corporate structure & guidelines 
Pre written marketing material and testimonials, success stories 
All interior and exterior designs including custom furnishing proofs, wallpaper and 
graphics, signs, etc. 
II. LICENSING AND COACHING: 
- 
EMS licensing for all trainers initially 
Master coaching for manager initially 
General EMS business and sales coaching retreats twice yearly 
Administration & Organization, Sales & Marketing, General mental, and Nutrition 
coaching initially upon set-up 
** Subsequent training and coaching done at a discounted rate of 20% 
Discounted Daily Fee Jemima 1,500 AED - consultation 
III. RECRUITMENT: 
- 
Use of current trainer database and outreach 
- 
Potential `loaning' of current staff members at different branches 
IV. INTANGIBLES: 
- 
Site and set-up analysis 
Local area protection covering a 10km radius from studio location (314.16 sq. km) 
o New franchise request first right of refusal in area (72 hours) 
o Informed of franchise request outside area as courtesy 
Cost and liquidity plan, Investment plan, and 
Weekly monitoring from Day 1 and a physical presence consultation quarterly 
**Intangible Justification 
Essentially, by choosing this option and having access to the expertise of Jemima Steinhart 
enabling you to avoid countless, costly mistakes that many companies make in their 
development. With this guidance and help you will jump years ahead on your business plan 
and growth will increase, thus, so will revenue. 
EFTA00593014
--- PAGE 2 ---
V. EQUIPMENT NOT INCLUDED — Home Service Branch Set-up 
All Miha BodyTec equipment provided by G.F.I. 
Description 
Retail price per 
unit 
Qty 
Totals 
miha bodytec II Including stand 
43,90O.00 .J. 
87,800 
miha bodytec work station 
3,100.00 4 
6,200 
electrode vest ladies [inc. inserted cable set] 
Sizes XS, S, M, L 
1,250.00.
2each 
10,000 
electrode vest men [inc. inserted cable set] 
Sizes XS, S, M, L 
1,250.00.
2each 
10,000 
arm electrode (pair) - S, M, L, XL 
175.00 J. 
2each 
1,400 
leg electrode (pair) - S, M, L 
175.00 z.J. 
2each 
1,050 
buttocks electrode - S, M, L, XL 
250.00 z.J. 
2each 
2,000 
transponder card for miha bodytec II 
17.00 4 
850 
miha bodytec pump atomizer 
85.00 M. 
255 
sets of underwear 
Sizes XS, S, M, L, XL 
115.00.
20each 
10,000 
TOTAL VALUE 
Discount 
FINAL PRICE 
129 
_ 
124 
555.00 40 
000.00.3.!. 
555.00 -3.1. 
Itemized list: 
- 2 machines 
- 2 vests, each size, both sexes 
- 2 glutes, SMLXL 
- 2 work stations 
- 2 arms, SMIXL 
- 3 spray bottles 
- 50 cards 
- 2 legs, SML 
- 100 underwear 
VI. NOT INCLUDED 
All else NOT included if not directly mentioned, such as, but not limited to the below: 
Property or physical location rent/utilities/phone/etc. 
Furnishing and interior relating to the property 
All set-up expenses past initial franchise fee, if not covered 
Printing services and Additional Equipment 
Staff Compensation 
MindBody software subscription 
Relevant taxes or incorporation and labor license fees if applicable 
Travel/Accommodation not included (Jemima Steinhart or other representative) 
END COSTS 
Initial Franchise fee: 150.000,00 AED 
Royalty fee: 
5% gross sales 
PR/Marketing fee: 
3% gross sales 
**Initial franchise fee is a one-time, per-franchise payment 
"Royalty and PR & Marketing Fee is paid/used quarterly 
EFTA00593015
--- PAGE 3 ---
VII. CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT 
It is understood and agreed to that the below identified discloser of confidential information 
may provide certain information that is and must be kept confidential. To ensure the 
protection of such information, and to preserve any confidentiality necessary under patent 
and/or trade secret laws, it is agreed that: 
1. The Confidential Information to be disclosed can be described as and includes: 
Business information relating to any and all proprietary ideas, costs, profit and margin 
information, finances and financial projections, customers, clients, marketing, and current or 
future business plans and models, regardless of whether such information is designated as 
"Confidential Information" at the time of its disclosure. 
2. The Recipient agrees not to disclose the confidential information obtained from the 
discloser to anyone unless required to do so by law. 
3. This Agreement states the entire agreement between the parties concerning the disclosure 
of Confidential Information. Any addition or modification to this Agreement must be made in 
writing and signed by the parties. 
If the foregoing is satisfactory, including all clauses 
please indicate your agreement 
with the foregoing by countersigning a copy of this letter and returning it to our attention. We 
look forward to proceeding together on this transaction. 
Date: December 8, 2015 
Josh Holland 
Jemima Steinhart 
Franchisee 
Franchisor - My 30 Minutes 
Recipient of Confidential Information 
Discloser 
EFTA00593016

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593017.pdf
----------------------------------------
Proposal 
BANYAN 
Date: 
December IS, 2015 
Model: 
Boeing 727 
Company: 
Jege, Inc 
Reg.: 
N908.IE 
Contact: 
L 
Visoski 
Serial: 
20115 
Phone: 
Quoted by: 
NEIL SIMON 
Email: 
Quote # 
12303 
WORK SCOPE 
Banyan Avionics Division is pleased to provide a quote for the following Avionics upgrades on 
your aircraft. If the terms of this proposal do not meet our a 
royal for an reason, please 
contact Neil Simon at 
or 
aliligialExecuthre 
Airport 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33309 
Fax 
wval.yartar.com 
FAA CRS # SD4R514M 
EFTA00593017
--- PAGE 2 ---
Proposal 
BANYAN 
Date: 
December IS, 2015 
Model. 
Boeing 727 
Company: 
Jege, Inc 
Reg.: 
N908lE 
Contact: 
L 
Visoski 
Serial: 
20115 
Phone: 
Quoted by: 
NEIL SIMON 
Email: 
Quote # 
12303 
WORK SCOPE 
Change 7.1 is a safety enhancement for TCAS II products that have been mandated by the European Aviation 
Safety Agency (EASA) and has strong support from the FAA. 
The primary changes to the TCAS operation with Change 7.1 are: 
• 
Reversal Logic Enhancements 
• 
"Level Off' Aural Alert 
• 
Change to Descend RAs at Low Altitude 
Change 7.1 also addresses these performance issues identified with TCAS Change 7.0: 
• 
SA0I: Failure of TCAS to reverse some RAs when a Reversal is Required to Resolve the Collision. 
• 
SA-AVSA: Frequent Instances of Flight Crews' Unintentional Incorrect Maneuvers to "Adjust Vertical 
Speed" RAs. 
European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) Mandate: 
EASA issued a mandate for implementing TCAS Change 7.1 for aircraft operating in European airspace. 
EASA's mandate calls for Change 7.1 software to be installed on all existing aircraft using TCAS II products by 
December 2015. Once Change 7.1 is installed, operators will be compliant with the new C119c TCAS standard. 
FAA Strong Supporter: 
• 
FAA Published the TCAS II version 7.1 Technical Standard Order (TSO) 
• 
FAA AC 120-55C — Air Carrier Operational Approval and Use of TCAS H 
• 
"The latest version of software for TCAS II is version 7.1. To ensure compatibility with international 
standards, the FAA encourages the installation of this software as soon as practical." 
• 
7.1 Software change 
$46,667.00 Accept 
Executive Airport 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33309 
Fax 
www. anyana r.com 
FAA CRS # SD4R514M 
EFTA00593018
--- PAGE 3 ---
Proposal 
BANYAN 
Date: 
December IS, 2015 
Model: 
Boeing 727 
Company: 
Jege, Inc 
Reg.: 
N908lE 
Contact: 
L 
Visoski 
Serial: 
20115 
Phone: 
Quoted by: 
NEIL SIMON 
Email: 
Quote # 
12303 
WORK SCOPE 
Down time: 
Turn time for the equipment is 10-15 working days 
Total down time would be 12-18 working days 
We are prepared to accommodate your aircraft at any time. Date subject to prior commitments and parts 
availability. 
Banvan's General Terms and Conditions 
• 
Pricing Based on factory configured installation. 
• 
Pricing does not include freight charges, applicable sales tax, crew or fuel for any flight-testing, de-fuel 
or charges incurred due to unforeseen damages. 
• 
This pricing does not include any software or hardware modifications to existing external 
systems/components that may be required to facilitate this installation. 
• 
Quote/Flat rate pricing does not include repairs on any discrepancies that may be found. Upon arrival of 
the aircraft, an incoming inspection will be performed; an estimate and quote will be provided for your 
approval based on our current shop labor rate at the time of service per hour. Arriving squawks or 
squawks found on the incoming inspection could affect the downtime. 
• 
Quote is valid for 30 days at our FXE Banyan facility. 
• 
Pricing does not include any travel expenses if work is to be accomplished outside of Banyan Air 
Service facility unless stated in writing. 
• 
Pricing does not include interior removal and re-installation. Approximate charges will be up to, and 
not to exceed $4,000.00. 
• 
Pricing based on sufficient space available to mount the quoted equipment, if any existing antenna/units 
need relocating to accommodate the installation of the quoted systems (Unless stated in the Quote), 
additional charges will occur. 
• 
Trade-ins and consignment opportunities for your removed parts, are available at Banyan Air Services, 
Inc. Parts Solutions Department 
• 
Pricing includes costs for minor deviation to STC's. If substantial deviations are required, additional 
costs will occur. (If applicable) 
• 
Pricing does not include any fees (if required) from foreign government agencies for approvals to install 
the above quote equipment. This only applies if not US registered. 
• 
Existing aircraft equipment must be current with software levels and compatible for interfacing with 
quoted equipment. 
• 
There will be a 15% handling fee charge added to the list price for any customer provided parts. 
Note: Banyan will not warranty customer provided parts. 
!Lauderdale Executive /upon 
Ft. Lauderdale FL 33309 
Fax 
WVAV. anvanar.com 
FAA CRS # SD4R514M 
EFTA00593019
--- PAGE 4 ---
Proposal 
BANYAN 
Date: 
December IS, 2015 
Model: 
Boeing 727 
Company: 
le e, Inc 
Reg.: 
N908lE 
Contact: 
L 
Visoski 
Serial: 
20115 
Phone: 
Quoted by: 
NEIL SIMON 
Email: 
Quote # 
12303 
WORK SCOPE 
Banvan's Payment Terms 
• 
This proposal and the progressive payments that may be required are based on check payments or wire 
transfer. Additional fees may be added for other methods of payment. 
• 
There will be a charge equaling 4 % of the total labor added to your invoice to cover shop consumables. 
• 
Banyan Air Service, Inc.'s policy requires a 60% deposit on all estimates over $10,000.00 regardless of 
customer's terms, with an additional progress payment at the mid-point, with the balance due upon 
completion. 
War
San 
• 
All of the factory new equipment will come standard with factory warranty. The installation will have 
a I -year warranty. 
• 
All warranty considerations must be performed at our FXE Banyan facility. Customer is responsible 
for all travel costs for Warranty work performed outside of Banyan. 
• 
Banyan is not responsible for factory warranty shipping charges for repairs. 
• 
There will be an additional charge to correct any existing aircraft record discrepancies, (i.e., Logbooks, 
W&B sheets or FAA form 337s). 
Proposal accepted by: 
Signature: 
Authorized Co. Rep.: 
Date: 
t Lauderdale Executive Airport 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33309 
Fax 
www. anvana r.com 
FAA CRS # SD4R514M 
EFTA00593020
--- PAGE 5 ---
Proposal 
BANYAN 
Date: 
December IS, 2015 
Model. 
Boeing 727 
Company: 
Jege, Inc 
Reg.: 
N908JE 
Contact: 
L 
Visoski 
Serial: 
20115 
Phone: 
Quoted by: 
NEIL SIMON 
Email: 
Quote # 
12303 
WORK SCOPE 
Terms and Conditions 
I. Conditions: The Terms and Conditions set forth herein constitute part of each Work Authorization and/or Proposal. The Terms and 
Conditions set forth herein shall be applicable to all maintenance. repairs. modifications and services of every type (the "Services") to be 
accomplished pursuant to each Work Authorization and/or Proposal and/or any amendment, revision or supplement thereto (each an 
"Additional Service Proposal" or "ASP"). Customer confirms that the person signing each Work Authorization and/or Proposal is 
authorized to do so and that Banyan may rely on each such signature. Customer will not, at any time, assert or claim that the person 
signing each Work Authorization or Proposal did not have authority to do so and recognized that each such person had the actual and 
apparent authority to do so. Each Work Authorization or Proposal. as the case may be. is an instruction by the Customer to Banyan to 
perform such maintenance. repairs. modifications or services as therein set forth and the irrevocable undertaking and commitment of the 
Customer to remit payment to Banyan. when and as billed or invoiced for all pans, materials, supplies. labor and other charges. including 
applicable tax, and the assent to each and every term. condition and provision hereof. CUSTOMER CONFIRMS THAT CUSTOMER 
HAS RECEIVED A COPY OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. HAS READ AND UNDERSTOOD THESE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS. AND ACCEPTS EACH AND EVERY TERM. CONDITION AND PROVISION SET FORTH HEREIN. 
2. Terms. The Work Authorization and/or Proposal (as applicable), and the terms and conditions set forth herein, and each ASP 
executed subsequent to the Work Authorization and/or Proposal (as applicable) set forth the entire agreement between Banyan and the 
Customer and may not be amended. modified or altered except by a written document signed by Banyan and the Customer, such as an 
ASP. Pricing is based upon the assumption that the aircraft is in airworthy condition. that there exists adequate space for the installation 
of any additional equipment that the Customer desires to have installed. and that the existing electrical/avionics interfaces and electrical 
power will accommodate the modifications requested by the Customer. Pricing is also based upon the assumption that the aircraft wiring 
schematic and technical drawings exist. are accurate and up to date, are consistent with the current configuration of the aircraft and that 
existing structures will not have to be tested or modified in order to complete the work. In the event that the aforesaid assumptions are 
incorrect the Customer will be responsible for the payment to Banyan of all additional costs. fees and expenses incurred. All 
negotiations. discussions, conversations, agreements. understandings and representations preceding the execution of the Work 
Authorization and/or Proposal are superseded by the Work Authorization and/or Proposal and Banyan and the Customer each agree that 
the Work Authorization and/or Proposal exclusively set forth the entirety of the agreement of Banyan and the Customer. and neither 
Banyan nor Customer shall rely on anything that is not specifically set forth therein. The cancellation of any request for work or service. 
or for parts. materials, components and supplies. is subject to a restocking/service interruption charge. 
3. Changes: Any change(s) in the work scope described in the Work Authorization and/or Proposal (as applicable), shall be set forth in a 
written ASP signed by Banyan and Customer. Unless otherwise specified in writing. Customer authorizes its on-site representative to 
execute ASP's on its behalf. Banyan shall not be obligated to perform any work at all unless and until an ASP is signed by an authorized 
representative of Customer. Customer understands and agrees that the failure to timely execute an ASP may result in the delay of the 
commencement, or completion, of work. and that any such delay shall not be attributed to Banyan and shall be deemed force majeure for 
which Banyan shall have no liability. 
4. Performance: All maintenance, repairs, modifications or services will be performed at Banyan's facilities at Fort Lauderdale 
Executive Airport or at such other venue as Banyan may determine to be appropriate. All maintenance. repairs. modifications or services 
shall be performed in accordance with Customer's General Maintenance Manuals if Customer has General Maintenance Manuals and 
same are provided to Banyan prior to the commencement of maintenance, repairs. modifications or services. Banyan shall procure and 
provide all supplies. materials or parts required for the performance of the maintenance, repairs, modifications or services which shall be 
billed at Banyan's then current rates and in accordance with the provisions of the Work Authorization and/or Proposal. 
S. Taxes & Duties: Customer shall pay all sales and other taxes and duties for all parts. labor, materials, supplies. maintenance, repairs. 
modifications or services. If Customer is exempt. or claims to be exempt. from the payment of taxes and duties, then Customer shall 
provide Banyan with proof of such exemption in a form satisfactory to Banyan. Pursuant to §212.08. Fla. Stars., the State of Florida. 
under the conditions and limitations set forth therein, does not assess sales tax for certain services on aircraft which qualify for exemption 
pursuant thereto. 
Executive Airport 
Ft. Lauderdale FL 33309 
Fax 
wow. anvana Loom 
FAA CRS # SD4R514M 
EFTA00593021
--- PAGE 6 ---
Proposal 
BANYAN 
Date: 
December IS, 2015 
Model: 
Boeing 727 
Company: 
le e, Inc 
Reg.: 
N908JE 
Contact: 
L 
Visoski 
Serial: 
20115 
Phone: 
Quoted by: 
NEIL SIMON 
Email: 
Quote # 
12303 
WORK SCOPE 
6. Customer Incurred Charges: Customer shall reimburse Banyan for all long distance telephone calls, facsimile, postage and like 
charges incurred by Customer's on-site representative or for the benefit of Customer, and for all shipping or freight charges incurred on 
behalf of Customer. 
7. Payment: Customer shall pay to Banyan for all parts, labor, materials, supplies, maintenance, repairs. modifications or services upon 
presentation of each invoice or statement by Banyan. Unless otherwise specifically agreed in writing. all pans, labor. materials, supplies. 
maintenance, repairs. modifications or services are COD. Banyan is authorized to retain possession of the aircraft, and all log book and 
maintenance records until Banyan has received payment in full. All payments shall be in United States Dollars and shall be paid to 
Banyan prior to the return of the aircraft to Customer. Banyan is authorized, at any time, to submit additional invoices or statements to 
Customer for any charges or services for which Banyan was unable to invoice Customer or which were inadvertently omitted from, or 
improperly documented in. a previous invoice, and Customer agrees to pay Banyan. in full. not later than ten (10) days from the 
transmission of any such supplemental invoice or statement to Customer. If any sum payable to Banyan by Customer is not paid within 
seven (7) days after the date when due, then (without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to Banyan at law, in equity or 
otherwise) Banyan shall be entitled to interest on such sum at the rate of one and one-half (1.5%) percent per month until paid in full. 
8. Title: Risk of Loss or Damage: While the aircraft is at Banyan's facility for the performance of maintenance, repairs, modifications or 
services, tide to, and ownership of, the aircraft, shall at all times remain with Customer subject to Banyan's common law and statutory 
rights to ensure payment. Customer shall at all times bear the risk of loss, or damage to. or loss of use of the aircraft, and any equipment 
or item of Customer's personal property. Title to. and ownership of. all parts and materials supplied or furnished by Banyan shall remain 
with Banyan until Banyan has been paid in full. Banyan is authorized to remove any parts, materials and components installed on the 
aircraft in the event that Banyan has not been paid for same and such pans. materials and components shall not become. nor be deemed to 
be. accessions to the aircraft. Risk of loss or damage to all parts and materials supplied by Banyan shall pass to Customer when the 
aircraft and/or such parts and materials are ready for re-delivery or are re-delivered to Customer. 
9. Return Inspection and Acceptance of Service(s): Customer may. at Customer's sole risk and expense. perform an acceptance flight 
test of the aircraft with a representative of Banyan on board. Banyan shall. at no additional charge to Customer. correct any defects 
which are solely and directly attributable to defective workmanship of Banyan or defective parts or components installed in the aircraft 
by Banyan. Customer's acceptance of the aircraft shall conclusively establish that all parts, labor, materials, supplies, maintenance. 
repairs. modifications and services of Banyan were satisfactory and that Banyan is entitled to payment. 
10. Insurance: Customer, at Customer's expense. shall procure and maintain All Risks (including War and Allied Perils) Aircraft Hull 
and Spare Parts (including Transit) Physical Damage Coverage to cover the full insurable value of the aircraft. Aircraft Legal Liability 
(including War. Hijacking. and Other Perils) with a minimum limit of U.S. 45000.000 combined single limit for Bodily Injury and 
Property Damage including passengers. Banyan shall be named as an Additional Insured and provided with a Waiver of Subrogation 
rights. Customer's insurance shall be primary without any right of contribution from Banyan. Customer shall provide Certificates of 
Insurance upon request of Banyan to evidence such insurance is in force with a 30 day written notice of cancellation. 
II. Non-U.S. Aircraft: The Alteration Data Package for work or service performed on aircraft that are not registered in the United States 
may or may not include FAA Form 8110-3 unless any such work is performed under the auspices of any foreign repair station rating for 
which Banyan is certificated. In all cases the approval for such work, service or alteration will be at the Customer's expense. 
Responsibility for said approvals for aircraft registered in countries for which Banyan is not certificated shall lie solely with the 
Customer. 
12. Indemnification and Liability. Customer shall indemnify, defend, and hold Banyan. its officers, directors, agents. representatives. 
subcontractors. shareholders, employees and assigns. harmless of and from any and all liabilities. damages. losses, expenses. claims. 
suits. or judgments. including attorneys fees and expenses. for the death of. or bodily injury to. any person. firm or entity. and/or for the 
loss of, damage to. or destruction of. any property (including, but not limited to. Customer's aircraft, engines and parts). arising out of the 
performance by Banyan of labor, the installation of parts. materials, or supplies, or the performance of maintenance, repairs. 
modifications and services. Customer's indemnification of Banyan shall not extend to any losses. damages. expenses. claims, suits or 
Executive Airport 
Ft. Lauderda_,
le FL 33309 
Fax 
bwv. anvans r.com 
FAA CRS # SD4R514M 
EFTA00593022
--- PAGE 7 ---
Proposal 
BANYAN 
Date: 
December IS, 2015 
Model: 
Boeing 727 
Company: 
Jege, Inc 
Reg.: 
N908JE 
Contact: 
L 
Visoski 
Serial: 
20115 
Phone: 
Quoted by: 
NEIL SIMON 
Email: 
Quote # 
12303 
WORK SCOPE 
judgments caused solely and directly by the gross negligence of, or willful misconduct of. Banyan. 
13. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION HEREIN. OR ANY WORK AUTHORIZATION OR PROPOSAL AND 
REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE CLAIM OR FORM OF ACTION IS IN CONTRACT. TORT OR ANY OTHER FORM OF 
ACTION WHATSOEVER. INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NEGLIGENCE OF BANYAN OR ITS SERVANTS. IN NO 
EVENT WHATSOEVER SHALL BANYAN BE LIABLE FOR ANY (i) INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES 
OR DAMAGES: (ii) LOSS OF USE. LOSS OF REVENUE OR PROFIT: or (iii) LOSS OF USE OR DIMINUTION OF VALUE 
SUFFERED OR INCURRED BY THE CUSTOMER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PERFORMANCE OF 
ANY WORK OR SERVICE WHATSOEVER BY BANYAN PURSUANT TO ANY WORK AUTHORIZATION. PROPOSAL OR 
OTHERWISE. 
14. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION HEREIN, OR ANY WORK AUTHORIZATION OR PROPOSAL AND 
REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE CLAIM OR FORM OF ACTION IS IN CONTRACT. TORT OR ANY OTHER FORM OF 
ACTION WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NEGLIGENCE OF BANYAN OR ITS SERVANTS. IN NO 
EVENT WHATSOEVER SHALL BANYAN BE LIABLE FOR ANY PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, AND CUSTOMER 
IRREVOCABLE WAIVES. RELINQUISHES AND RENOUNCES ANY RIGHT TO SEEK. PURSUE OR CLAIM PUNITIVE OR 
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES AGAINST BANYAN. 
15. Warranty: Disclaimer: Customer Supplied Pans: THE ONLY WARRANTIES APPLICABLE TO ALL WORK OR SERVICE 
PERFORMED BY BANYAN ARE THOSE THAT APPEAR SPECIFICALLY AND IN WRITING ON THE FACE OF THE WORK 
AUTHORIZATION OR PROPOSAL ALL OTHER WARRANTIES. OF ANY AND EVERY KIND. WHETHER IMPLIED, OF 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE, OR OTHERWISE. ARE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMED. THERE ARE NO 
WARRANTIES WHICH EXTEND BEYOND THE DESCRIPTION ON THE FACE OF THE WORK AUTHORIZATION OR 
PROPOSAL. Customer assumes all responsibility and liability for all pans. materials and supplies furnished by Customer to Banyan for 
installation on the aircraft. The Customer must furnish Banyan with all documentation required by the Federal Aviation Administration 
for the installation of all parts. materials and supplies furnished by the Customer. 
16. Force Majeure/Excusable Delay: Banyan shall not be considered in default, and shall have no liability for, any delay in the delivery of 
the aircraft or the return to service of the aircraft, resulting from (i) the failure of the Customer to promptly remit payment to Banyan: or 
(ii) any cause not reasonably within the control of Banyan. including, but not limited to: fire, explosion, riots, acts of God, civil 
disturbances. strikes and labor difficulties, delays in the delivery or parts. materials and supplies or equipment. delays by the FAA. and 
similar matters not within the exclusive control of Banyan. 
17. Assignment: The Work Authorization and/or Proposal. and each ASP. and the terms hereof. shall inure to the benefit of. and be 
binding upon. each of the parties and their respective successors and assigns. but neither the rights nor the duties of either party may be 
assigned. in whole or in part. without the prior written consent of the other party. which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. 
18. Waiver: The failure of any party to enforce at any time any of the provisions hereof shall not be construed to be a waiver of such 
provisions or a waiver of the right of such party thereafter to enforce any such provisions. No waiver by a party of any right hereunder 
shall be deemed as a waiver of any other rights. 
Executive Airport 
Ft. Lauderdale FL 33309 
Fax 
www. anvana r.com 
FAA CRS # SD4R514M 
EFTA00593023
--- PAGE 8 ---
Proposal 
BANYAN 
Date: 
December IS, 2015 
Model: 
Boeing 727 
Company: 
lege, Inc 
Reg.: 
N908JE 
Contact: 
L 
Visoski 
Serial: 
20115 
Phone: 
Quoted by: 
NEIL SIMON 
Email: 
Quote # 
12303 
WORK SCOPE 
Proposal accepted by: 
Signature: 
Authorized Co. Rep.: 
Date: 
xeculive Airport 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33309 
Fax 
www. anvana r.com 
FAA CRS # SD4R514M 
EFTA00593024

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593025.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593025.pdf
----------------------------------------
NEXT 
Discussion Materials 
Transaction Overview 
SOURCES 
C.)
USES 
Debt 
$ 15 ()Enterprise Value 
$ 
@Cash on B/S")
Cash on B/S(' )
$ 14 
Equity Value 
$ 
Equity 
Fees & Expenses 
$ 0.3 
New OpenGate Equity 
$ 
Rolled Faith / Joel Equity 
Total Equity 
$ 14 
Total Sources 
$ 43 
Total Uses 
$ 
PROCEEDS & PF OWNERSHIP 
Cash Proceeds From: 
Debt/Cash Equity 
®GGC 
$ 
$ 
Faith / Joel 
Total 
$ 18 
Total 
$ 
$ 
$ 35 
OPF Ownership 
GGC 
Faith / Joel 
OpenGate
Total 
0O/O 
58% 
42%
100% 
VALUATION & LEVERAGE 
EV / LTM Revenue ($36M)(2)
0.8x 
EV / LTM EBITDA ($5.2M)(2)
5.6x 
@Debt / LTM EBITDA 
2.9x 
Est. Interest / LTM EBITDA(3)
5.0x 
Commentary 
()
Transaction values Next at $29M, net 
of cash, which implies a valuation of 
5.6x LTM EBITDA. 
@Next has -$15M of cash on the 
balance sheet, of which $1M is 
estimated to be normal working 
capital. 
°Transaction financed with $15M of 
debt, $14M of cash on the balance 
sheet and $14M of equity ($6M new 
equity from OpenGate; $8M rolled 
from Faith/Joel). Faith/Joel assumed 
to roll equity to maintain 58% 
ownership; OpenGate to own 42%. 
O
D Transaction results in $18M cash 
proceeds to GGC and $17M to Faith/ 
Joel (Faith/Joel maintain their 58% 
ownership post transaction). 
@Post transaction, leverage will be -c3x 
and interest coverage is estimated to 
be —5x. 
(1) Assumes —$15M of cash on the balance sheet, of which $1M assumed to be normal working capital. 
(2) LTM financial stets as of 11/30/14. 
(3) Assumes interest rate of 7%. 
This Fformation is confidential and was prepared by Golden Gate Capital solely for internal use 
EFTA00593025
--- PAGE 2 ---
NEXT 
Discussion Materials 
Transaction Considerations 
Discussion Topic 
Considerations 
Ability to Transfer Units 
• Per the 2008 Operating Agreement, GGC has the 
right to transfer its ownership units to a third party 
of its choice (the "Substituted Member"). 
• The Substituted Member will assume the Operating 
Agreement and will be subject to its provisions. 
Board Seats 
• The Substituted Member will have the ability to 
appoint 2 of 4 Managers, consistent with GGC's 
current rights. 
Leverage 
• The transaction will be partially financed by raising 
third party debt to fund a dividend to all 
shareholders. 
• Pro forma for the transaction, Next's leverage will 
be <3x EBITDA, and interest coverage is 
estimated to be 5x. 
This lifonnation is confidential and was prepared by Golden Gate Capital solely for internal use 
EFTA00593026

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593027.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593027.pdf
----------------------------------------
UP NEXT 
Sweden's little-known West Coast 
archipelago is Scandinavia's 
answer to the luxe summer be 
destination, just a remote one. 
, 
Gulligellitl rand llattil 
main building, which ad. 
an IM ghat/yak bus 
hoiatet rem/plain oms 
dodo? N.kablak,hlla 
bo.baatttt nls, 
F.
lye hours west of bustling Stockholm lies FiskebackskR, a 
small fishing village tucked away in the Skagerrak Sea on 
Skafto, one of the thousands of islands of Sweden's 
West Coast archipelago. It's a lush green landscape 
dotted with small wooden houses, where sun-kissed blond 
Swedish children run around wearing nothing but flea ties on their 
upper arms, and where my family has spent the summers since I 
was born. 
One of my earliest memories of Fiskebackskil is being 
six years old, spending days sitting on the side of the road mak-
ing a little store, like a lemonade stand. We sold small match-
boxes that we'd decorated with seashells, and also mussels that 
we'd collected and painted. What little money we made, we'd 
always spend on ice cream. 
To get there, one flies into Gothenburg and takes a two-
hour bus ride on Vasurafik, the city's public-transportation sys-
tem. On Skafto, everyone walks or bikes. People only use cars for 
coming or going, so they're rarely seen. Between June and Sep-
tember, the weather is perfect—sunny skies, 70-degree tempera-
tures, and the most crisp, clean air. 
Our family, which lives most of the year in Manhattan, has 
a quaint little house on the island, but whenever friends 
visit, we recommend Fiskebackskil's 81 -room boutique hotel, 
Gullmarsstrand (rooms from $85: Stranderigra 2-14; 46-523/667-
788). The location doesn't get any better. We tell people to stay in 
the sea-view rooms, with floor-to.ceiling sliding glass doors that 
open.to private decks. I used the hotel's waterfront coal-burning 
sauna for the first time last summer, and it was awesome. It sits in 
a small room atop the water, and there's a door inside that opens 
to a platform you can jump off into the sea to cool down. The vil-
lage has two notable places to eat: Gullmarsstrand's 140-seat 
Restaurant G. and weekend-only Brygghuset (Fiskelarkskilsvagen 
28:46-523/222-22), in the marina, which both serve fresh Scan-
dinavian seafood dishes, such as pan-roasted or breaded cod. We 
always leave room for dessert because the island is speckled with 
small, unnamed ice cream stands dishing out fresh waffle cones 
and straightforward flavors: blueberry, strawberry, melon, and 
vanilla with chocolate chips. 
Sweden is the only place we go as a family where we all sleep in. 
We wake up to the sound of seagulls and the waves sweeping up 
against the docks. After al workout and a late lunch, we take our 
boat to one of the nearby villages—many of which, like Gullhol-
men and Lysekil, are similar to Fiskebackskil, with shops, ice cream 
stands, and restaurants. On our way, we pass fishermen in small 
wooden boats catching mackerel, a fish traditional in Swedish cook-
ing, and uninhabited islands that are home to dozens of lounging 
seals. Other days, we'll play on the three European-style red-clay 
tennis courts at Bokevik—Fiskebackskil's public beach, which is 
rarely crowded, always dean, and has no swell—or go on a bike ride 
on one of the island's four-to-five-mile wooded trails. 
But perhaps the most wonderful thing about Fiskebackskil is 
what Scandinavian summers are known for: midnight sun. The sky 
is never really dark. Every single night, around 10:45, we watch 
from the village windmill as the sunset paints the sky shades of red, 
orange, blue, and pink. It's a sight chat becomes more spectacular 
each time I witness it. • 
EFTA00593027

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593028.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593028.pdf
----------------------------------------
02nd June 2015 7:57 PM 
Summary Spec Details Report 
364492 
Spec Ver 6 
Last Rev Date 
02nd June 2015 
Dealer 
Bentley Manhattan 
Order Number 364492 
Car Type 
Mulsanne Speed 
Built for 
United States Of America 
Order Type 
Stock Order 
CPS date 
Port of Entry 
Davisville 
Main Paint 
Royal Ebony 
Hand of Drive 
Left 
.Main Trim 
Linen 
Model Year 
2016 
Colour Features 
Exterior Colours 
Main Paint 
Interior Colours 
Royal Ebony 
Main Hide 
Linen 
Secondary Hide 
Anthracite 
Seat Belts 
Match to Secondary Hide 
Seat Piping 
Anthracite 
Emblem Stitching 
Match to Secondary Hide 
Sunroof Blind 
Linen 
Carpets 
Anthracite 
Contrast Binding to Carpet Ovcnnats 
Match to Main Hide 
Boot Carpet 
Match to Interior Carpet 
Steering Column Cowl 
Match to Main Hide 
Front Console Outer 
Match to Secondary Hide 
Items 
Embroidered Bentley Emblems 
Mulsanne Interior Colour Split (4) 
CO = Cost Option 
9560038 
CO 
Non-Colour Features 
Bentley Specifications 
Comfort Specification 
Speed Premier Specification 
Body Exterior 
(PMA PMA) CO 
(PMS PMS) CO 
Large Panel Glass Sunroof to Front Cabin 
(PWS PWS) 
Body Interior 
Dark Stained Burr Walnut 
(EIH 7TD) 
Lambswool Rugs to Front and Rear (in addition to Standard Overmats) 
(ZFM OTE) CO 
Mirrors - Rear Quarter Vanity Mirrors with Veneer Surround - Speed Premier Specifcation Only 
(YVM YVM)CO 
Mirrors - Twin Illuminated Fold Down Vanity Mirrors and Rear Quarter Vanity Mirrors 
(MSH VE3) 
Two City Umbrellas 
(REG NSI) CO 
Veneered Door Panels 
(TSV 3LE) CO 
EFTA00593028
--- PAGE 2 ---
02nd June 2015 7:57 PM 
Summary Spec Details Report 
364492 
Non-Colour Features 
Body Interior 
Veneered Gear Lever 
Veneered Picnic Tables 
Veneered Rim, 4 Spoke Steering Wheel 
Electrical 
Adaptive Cruise Control 
WiFi Hotspot 
Interior Colours 
Seat Piping 
Plates and Labels 
Build Country - USA 
Powertrain
21" Mulsanne Speed Wheel - Dark Tint 
Space Saving Spare Wheel 
(SAG 6Q8) CO 
(KLT IU6) CO 
(LRA 2ZZ) CO 
(GRA 8T3) CO 
(NET UN I) CO 
(BLE KN I) CO 
(ZUS ZUS) 
(W06 W06) 
(P30 P30) 
Non-Standard Features 
Personalised Features 
No Personalised Features exist for this order. 
EFTA00593029
--- PAGE 3 ---
02nd June 2015 7:57 PM 
Summary Spec Details Report 
364492 
Pricing
Mulsanne Speed 
!016 Model Year 
USD $ 
335,600.00 
Costed Options 
Main Paint 
USD $ 
5,715.00 
Comfort Specification 
USD $ 
2,180.00 
Speed Premier Specification 
USD $ 
11,407.00 
Lambswool Rugs to Front and Rear (in addition to Standard Overmats) 
USD $ 
1,445.00 
Mirrors - Rear Quarter Vanity Mirrors with Veneer Surround - Speed Premier 
USD $ 
580.00 
Specifcation Only 
Two City Umbrellas 
USD $ 
210.00 
Veneered Door Panels 
USD $ 
1,710.00 
Veneered Gear Lever 
USD $ 
695.00 
Veneered Picnic Tables 
USD $ 
2,695.00 
Veneered Rim, 4 Spoke Steering Wheel 
USD $ 
2,605.00 
Adaptive Cruise Control 
USD $ 
3,895.00 
WiFi Hotspot 
USD $ 
1,125.00 
Seat Piping 
USD $ 
2,430.00 
Non Standard Features 
No Non Standard Features exist for this order. 
Total Price 
USD $ 
372,292.00 
Disclaimer: All prices are Retail excluding local taxes and delivery charges. The prices on this page are to serve 
only as a guide and are not an Invoice. Please check your latest pricing book to confirm pricing or the official 
Bentley invoice. 
EFTA00593030

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593031.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593031.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00593031

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593032.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593032.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00593032

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593033.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00593033

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593034.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ Preliminary Report 
Updated 12/14/15 
This is a preliminary report and items will be added as I look thru the network and equipment configurations. 
Dragonwave 
Login Credentials 
The system had the default credentials. This was changed, because the dragonwave radios have public Ips, anyone from 
the internet could connect and this was a big security risk in terms of someone could change settings and cause the link 
to fail. 
Recommendations: Credentials were changed and the Ip will be changed to private. This will restrict access to the 
management to our VPN and will integrate the link to Choice Monitoring system. 
Firmware Bug 
Currently there are two bugs that I have identified, One is non service affecting and the following is service affecting: 
I've monitoring the link since Friday and there has been two drops in the dragonwave: 
LQ 
Severity 
Time 
Node 
Interface 
92269658 
Normal (s) (.1 
12/7/ 15 12:30:52 [c] ['] 
custstt.14).2921 
uehopennms.org/nodes/nodoUp (+1 Li Edit notifications for event 
Node cust.sttisj.2921 is up. 
92286745 
Major NI [•) 
1207/15 12:15:30 (a) (>) 
cust.sttisj.2921 
uei.opennms.org/nodes/nodeDown 
[-3 Edit notifications for event 
Node cust.stflsj.2921 is down. 
92222554 
Normal (+3 [.3 
12/6/15 13:04:34 (.c) ( >) 
cu.t.stt.Isi.2921 
um.opennms.ors/nodes/nodeUp (+) (-) Edit notification•, for event 
Node cust.stt.lsj.2921 is up. 
92217839 
Major (+3 (.3 
12/6/15 11:21:36 (<) ( >) 
cust.sttisj.2921 
uei.opennms.orlynodes/nedeDown [+3 (-3 Edit notifications for event 
Node cust.stt.lsj.2921 is down. 
Both times were due to a known bug on the firmware on the radios: 
Notice:Dec 07 12:12:36 C1N14DGM0075 alarm1544789-1]: 
Notice:Dec 06 11:21:08 C1N14DGM0075 alarm1544789-1]: 
Currently LSJ Dragonwave radios are running Version 1.2.2 
Major: Queue depth threshold q4 Alarm raised 
Major: Queue depth threshold q4 Alarm raised 
EFTA00593034
--- PAGE 2 ---
Active: Bank A 
Component 
I Version 
I Validation 
OMNI Release 
I 1.2.2 
I Valid 
Frequency File 
I 2.01.09 
I Valid 
MIB 
I 3.0.0 
I Valid 
All of our radios that are Compaq+ are running Version 1.3.9 
Active: Bank A 
Component 
I Version 
I Validation 
OMNI Release 
I 1.3.9 
I Valid 
Frequency File 
I 2.01.27 
I Valid 
MIB 
I 5.0.0 
I Valid 
This is a known issue with older version of this firmware. So far both times have been triggered by the rain (Sunday and 
today) the wireless link did not drop, but due to the rain were some data errors and as the radios retransmitted the data 
(this is normal behavior) this alarm is raised and crashes data communications. Once the radios are rebooted or power 
cycle normal transmission begins until the next event. 
Recommendation: To fix this issue a firmware upgrade needs to be done. I recommend once ViNGN is in place and this 
link can be taken offline to do the following: 
• 
Reset this link to factory defaults. 
• 
Reconfigured to Choice Standards. 
• 
Change Management Ips to Private IPs Choice Management. 
• 
Upgrade firmware on both radios. 
Configuration (Modulation) 
The radio currently is configured to a fixed maximum speed (256 QAM 279 Megs) . 
Recommendation: The link was coordinated with HAAM (Hitless Automatic Adaptive Modulation) with this feature the 
link will automatically drop modulation when it cannot maintain a signal without errors. Doing this, the link will be 
more stable and less susceptible to rain fade. 
Alignment (Signal Strength) 
The microwave link is outside of the optimal signal the coordination calls for -35.7 dBm (optimal would be +/- 4.0 dBm) 
and currently the signal strength is at -40.1 dBm. This can be caused by having the LSJ side of the link only at 10 ft. 
When you have links so low the ground can cause interference in what is call the Fresnel Zone. Basically this zone has to 
be obstruction free for a microwave link to be at its optimal. See following graph. 
EFTA00593035
--- PAGE 3 ---
TX antenna 
Height lOm 
1st Fresnel zone 
RX antenna 
Height 49m 
____________ 
------------ 
Obstacle zone 
//// 
// 
Recommendation: raise the link to a higher height. 
For more detail about Fresnel Zone http://www.zytrax.com/tech/wireless/fresnel.htm 
Network Loop 
At LSJ shelter the following equipment are installed: 
• 
Netgear Prosafe JGS516PE 
• 
Dragonwave Compaq — Link to St Thomas 
• 
Rockus AP — Looking towards 5 Palms 
• 
Ruckus Bridge — Looking towards the Gym 
There are 2 issues with this setup, 
1) The dragonwave and the bridge are on the public side of this connection (internet) the AP (5 Palms) needs to be 
on the private side (internal network). Because there is no way to have communications to the internal network 
from the shelter, the AP to 5 palms was plugged into the public side of the network. This is why this AP is not 
working. 
2) Both the Data and Management Ethernet cables of the Dragonwave radio were plugged in to the netgear. 
Creating a local network look between the Dragonwave and the Netgear. This is what created the unstable 
internet connection that caused between 5%-10% packet drop and caused real time applications and services 
like Netflix, Hulu, YouTube, and Etc. buffer or not to work. This can also cause websites to pause as the page 
was displaying (downloading) or a lag in clicking on a link. 
Recommendation: to fix the issues: 
• 
Issue #1 to fix the AP looking to 5 Palm the Rockus needs to be moved to the Choice 3560G switch by installing a 
POE power module. Once this is done I can create an internal port (Vlan) that will only talk to the private side. 
The Dragonwave and the Rockus Bridge will remain in the public side. ** Fixed 
• 
Issue #2 was fixed (network loop) was fixed by disconnecting the local management Ethernet cable. 
Issue #1 was fixed. 2 PowerOverEthernet (PoE) injectors were installed and both Ruckus were moved to Choice 3560 
switch. A cable was installed to interconnect choice switch with LSJ switch to pass vlan 8 (internal Data) and the Ruckus 
that was pointing to 5 Palms is now in serviced. 
EFTA00593036
--- PAGE 4 ---
Recent Outages 
This is a list of outages and caused: 
• 
Dec 6 11:21 — Dragonwave Bug related 
• 
Dec 7 12:12 — Dragonwave Bug related 
• 
Dec 10 11:06 — Port on cisco router down — possibly switch at gym losing power 
• 
Dec 10 11:22 — Port on cisco router down — possibly switch at gym losing power 
• 
Dec 11 9:11 — Port on cisco router down — possibly switch at gym losing power 
• 
Dec 11 9:21 — Port on cisco router down — possibly switch at gym losing power 
• 
Dec 12 8:55 — Port on cisco router down — possibly switch at gym losing power 
• 
Dec 12 9:16 — Port on cisco router down — possibly switch at gym losing power 
• 
Dec 12 20:10 — nothing found in the logs could have been power but cannot confirm 
EFTA00593037
--- PAGE 5 ---
Configuration Drawing 
Choice IPAddresses 66.185.40.60/30 
66.185.40.61 — Default Gateway 
66.185.40.62— Free 
Mask 255.255 255.252 
DNS 66.185.33.226 and 66.185.33.230 
viNGN IP Addresses 208.50.70.188/27 
20350 78190 — Default Gateway 
20550 78.188— Free 
Mask 255.255.255.224 
DNS 209 244 03 and 209 244 04 
OW CP+ 5O Melts 
Slave 
100 Ebi 
-13MENT-02neegs 
100 Mess 
Vessup 
Beach 
Chace 
ernet 
stalley 3560 
Truri: 39 
Mngm 40 
111 
\4 3N 
Internet 
Southern Trust — Little St limos'\
Draft 
12/7/2015 
ver 1.0 
EFTA00593038

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593039.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593039.pdf
----------------------------------------
Activity - Deposit Accounts 
https://db.ebanking-services.com/nubi/Services_2_0/Repons/Standani/A... 
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Activity - Deposit Accounts 
Report created: 
12103/2015 12:02:43 PM (ET) 
Accounts: 
• 
Checking • SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY. INC. - DDA • Available $139471.98 
• 
Savings • SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY. INC. - MMDA • Available $73.431.939.36 
Date range: 
11/1/2015 to 12/3,2015 
Transaction types: All transactions 
Account sort: 
Account number 
Detail option: 
Includes transaction detail 
• Ms 
Checking • SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. - DDA • Available $139,471.98 
No items to display 
•=• 
Savings • SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. - MMDA • Available $73,431,939.36 
Post Date Reference 
Additional 
Reference 
Description 
Debit 
Credit 
Calculated 
Balance 
11/30:2015 
INTEREST CREDIT 
$7.974.55 
$73.431.939.36 
11/23/2015 998001123151520 
INCOMING INTERNAL MONEY 
TRANS 
TRANSFER FROM ACCOUNT 
$23.000.000.00 
$73.423.964.81 
11/12/2015 998001112110429 
OUTGOING MONEY TRANSFER 
TO CITIBANK AaMORGAN 
STANLEY 
$5.200.000.00 
$50.423.964.81 
11/10/2015 998001110155602 
OUTGOING MONEY TRANSFER 
TO FIRST BANK PUERTO RICO AIC 
SOUTHERN TRUST 
COMPANY INC 
$300.000.00 
$59623.964.81 
11/10/2015 998001110145746 
OUTGOING MONEY TRANSFER 
K PUERTO RICO AIC 
r OUTHERN TRUST 
COMPANY. INC 
$150.000.00 
$55.923.964.81 
11/10,2015 998001110142436 
BOOK TRANSFER DEBIT 
TRANSFER TO ACCOUN 
$2.500.000.00 
$56.073.964.81 
11/09/2015 998001109153544 
BOOK TRANSFER DEBIT 
TRANSFER TO ACCOUNT 
$20.000.000.00 
$58.573.964.81 
12/03/2015 Totals 
$28,150,000.00 $23,007,974.55 
of I 
12/3/2015 1:02 PM 
EFTA00593039

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593040.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593040.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00593040

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593041.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593041.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Docisnent generated Thu. 19 November 2015 10:08:51 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page 1 of 4 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing authorization is received. Please contact your 
travel office by 9:00 PM on November 22. or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Saturday 05 Dec 15 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
A VISA IS REQUIRED FOR ENTRY INTO USA 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines 
KL900 
Moscow. Sheremetyevo 
Amsterdam. Schiphol 
05:40 AM 
07:15 AM 
Terminal E - International 
L Economy Class 
16A 
Confirmed 
Estimated lime 
Hrs 35 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 737-800 
Meal 
Meals 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 4 
Itinerary RXKVIY 
:
AV E RICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00593041
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 I:44 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Operated By 
I KLMIMIutch Airlines 
KL6031 
Amsterdam. Schiphol 
Boston. Logan International 
10:30 AM 
12:47 PM 
Terminal E 
V Economy Class 
28A 
Delta Air Lines Inc 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Wednesday 09 Dec 15 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 17 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A330-300 
Meal 
Lunch 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Operated By 
RoyalDutch Airlines 
KL7311 
Charlotte Amalie, Cyril E King Airport 
Atlanta. Hartsfield-jackson Atlanta International 
03:08 PM 
06:19 PM 
Terminal South 
V Economy Class 
38A 
Delta Air Lines Inc 
Flight Information 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 11 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 757-200/300 
Meal 
Food For Purchase 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Operated By 
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines 
KL6012 
Atlanta. Hartsfield-jackson Atlanta International 
Amsterdam. Schiphol 
08:26 PM 
10:50 AM / 10 Dec 2015 
Terminal Maynard Jackson Intl Term 
V Economy Class 
37G 
Delta Air Lines Inc 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 24 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A330-300 
Meal 
Dinner 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Page 2 of 4 
Itinerary RXKVIY 
EFTA00593042
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 4 
Travel Details 
Thursday 10 Dec 15 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines 
KL903 
Amsterdam. Schiphol 
Moscow. Sheremetyevo 
11:40AM 
05:00 PM 
Terminal E - International 
L Economy Class 
12A 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 20 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 737-800 
Meal 
Meals 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-----------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
• 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 72 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
• 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centwion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In. when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a $100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at n.nv amencanexpress.ccm.11-,. 
To book your stay. visit amerIcanexpreas.cornfflir or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cal Centurion Travel Service for details 
** Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wvov.alliartz.com. Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise. accommodaticos, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includrig without limitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
Page 3 of 4 
Itinerary RXKVIY 
AMERKAN 
EXPIRE SS 
EFTA00593043
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of4 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to squire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review wvAv VisarAntral crtmtnm<x for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requrements for your travel 
destination. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Air Transportation Important airline ticket terms end conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit Mtps:llmyamextravetcornistaticiconditions for more information 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles, and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal end toilet articles carried in you' luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit hitpslivnvivlaa.covlaticutlinitiativesrnazmal safety. 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. inc. and its parent subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly. from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents a 
failures of equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. hes. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease. accidents or failures related to the pubbc internet telecommunications lines or hates. IN third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you n finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppliers to you and reconmendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certan suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppbers and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive. are sutiect to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including suppler avalebility and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppbers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA- This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a dam with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than 550 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 615.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A daim must include sufficient documentation to prove your dam 
and a $35 processeig fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: winv.tcronfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unfess the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
California CSTI1022318, Washington UBIN600-469-694. Iowa TAA`669. 
Page 4 of 4 
Itinerary RXKVIY 
ECPRESS 
EFTA00593044

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593045.pdf
----------------------------------------
t. 1,4tq 
erjs 
• 
• 
.." 
... 
.••••- - . 
qi  • 
- 
;v. ' 
• le
. 
, • 4:441" N• ' 
t---
). 
v' - •'• 
1,4 
. 
... 
i' , 
• 
-- ... 
--
-..
..
IIC1,....4•••,. 
. eS:: - 
...r .. 
.- . 
- likee• 
gr. EC" es 
• '.•••• 
II, 
40> 
_ 
EFTA00593045

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593046.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593046.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00593046

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593047.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593047.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Thu. 19 November 2015 07:35:03 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page 1 of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator KPNERL 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing authorization is received. Please contact your 
travel office by 7:00 AM on November 22. or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details 
Saturday 05 Dec 15 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION- PASSPORT MUST BE VALID FOR THE PERIOD OF INTENDED STAY 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Aeroflot 
Flight 
SU100 
Origin 
Moscow. Sheremetyevo 
Destination 
New York. John F Kennedy International 
Departing 
09:50 AM 
Arriving 
12:35 PM 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal D - Domestic/Intl 
Arrival Terminal 
Terminal 1 
Class 
Economy Class 
Seats 
Unassigned 
Assigned Seating Is Restricted To Airport Check In 
• 
Confirmed 
Estimated lime 
Hrs 45 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A330-300 
Meal 
Lunch Lunch 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary KPNERL 
`,'EFtICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00593047
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Travel Details 
Wednesday 09 Dec 15 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locato 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Terminal D - Domesticilntl 
Class 
Q Economy Class 
Seats 
Unassigned 
Assigned Seating Is Restricted To Airport Check In 
Aeroflot 
SU103 
New York. John F Kennedy International 
Moscow. Sheremetyevo 
07:20 PM 
12:25 PM / 10 Dec 2015 
Terminal 1 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 5 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A330-300 
Meal 
Dinner Snack 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCuRACT.SHOuLD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-----------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
• 20 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 72 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
• 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Roan Upgrade upon arrival, when available 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a $100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at Ve'll,V mer cane).re3e. scm f -. 
To book your stay, visit amerIcanexpress.comfffir or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cal Contusion Travel Samos for details 
" Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Seance for delails. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wvnv.allian.z.co.n. Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise. accommodations, transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
Page 2 of 3 
Itinerary KPNERL 
wV E RICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00593048
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
services includng without limitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to squire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Fritry and Frit Information for Travel 
American Express Oa-Kay recommends that you periodically review www.VisacentrAlcorniamex for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit regarements for your travel 
destriation. Due to frequent changes. America, Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Air Transportation Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit hrips:firnyamextravetconVstabc/conditions for more information 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carnage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids, oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints, lighter fluid, fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your aline representative or visit bitnclivrnw flea gpvlabcutlinacatsves'hazirat_sacetV. 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or 
indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations, accidents or 
failures of equipmeot or changes in fares. itineranes or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres, earthquakes. floods, climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil 
unrest. strikes. riots, theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public internet telecommunications lines or facilites. IX third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you n finding travel suppliers and makeig arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppliers to you and recommendrig specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndepenclent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certan suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supportrig technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation and incenbves we receive. are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction rs covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located ki California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a dam with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than 550 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maxenum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your dam 
and a $35 processng fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 600t: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: a by 
visiting TCRC's website at: wrov.tcrenfo.org. 
WASHINGTON' If transportation a other services are canceled by the seller of travel, al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within dirty (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
California CSTS1022318. Washington UBINS00-469-694. Iowa TA#669. 
Page 3 of 3 
Itinerary KPNERL 
AM
EXPRESS 
EFTA00593049

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593050.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593050.pdf
----------------------------------------
Pili111
111111i1 '011111:1;' 
\\A 
\‘‘ 
EFTA00593050

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593051.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593051.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00593051

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593052.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Sat. 12 December 2015 10:03:16 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page 1 of 4 
Travel Arrangements forj 
American Express Travel Record Locator CLMRBF 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing authorization is received. Please contact your 
travel office by 11:59 PM on December 12, or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Wednesday 16 Dec 15 
CITIZENS OF FRANCE MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Tuesday 15 Dec 15 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Delta Air Lines 
DL100 
Paris. 
Charles De Gaulle 
New York. 
John F Kennedy International 
10:45 AM 
01:27 PM 
Terminal 2 E 
Terminal 4 
Y Economy Class 
35J 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Baggage 
Hrs 42 Mins 
Airbus Industrie A330-300 
Lunch 
Non-stop 
1PC 
Page 1 of 4 
Itinerary CLMRBF 
:
,
,
,
:
E
F
C
A
EXPRESS 
EFTA00593052
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of4 
Travel Details 
Monday 21 Dec 15 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Atriving 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Delta Air Lines 
DL676 
Charlotte Amalie, 
New York, 
02:30 PM 
05:51 PM 
Terminal 4 
Economy Class 
33F 
Flight Information 
Cyril E King Airport 
John F Kennedy International 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Mrs 21 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 757-200/300 
Meal 
Food For Purchase 
Number of Stops 
Nonstop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Delta Alr Lines 
DL444 
New York. 
Rome. 
Leonardo da Vinci International (Fiumicino) 
07:43 PM 
10:15 AM 1 22 Dec 2015 
Terminal 4 
Terminal 3 
Y Economy Class 
39A 
Additional Messages 
John F Kennedy International 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 32 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 767-400 
Meal 
Dinner 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR mNERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS - 
• 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
• 
Page 2 of 4 
Itinerary CLMR8F 
E 
ESS 
EFTA00593053
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 4 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In. when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival, when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a S100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at www a mencanexpres s :cm. fr. 
To book your stay, Ask amerIcanexpress.cornlfhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: caff Centurion Travel Service for details 
" Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wvnv.alliartz.com. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise, accommodations, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services including. without limitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your slay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your tnp regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodicaly review www.Visacentratcomramex for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel 
destnation. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Air Transportation Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit https:limyamextravel.conVstabciconditions for more information 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of S250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids, oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
hitter information contact your airline representative or visit -!tps.., wwwfaa.q0vYaloCurinitisit 
F.. ha Mat sa`ety.'. 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly. from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or 
falures of equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public intemet telecommunications lines or facikties, or third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you ki finding travel suppliers and makng arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppliers to you and reccamendrig specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
oaten suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to tine may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive. are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including suppler availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA' This transaction is covered by the Cabfomia Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a dam with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed S15.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your dam 
and a S35 processen fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 600t: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: www.tcrenfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within dirty (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
Page 3 of 4 
Itinerary CLPARBF 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00593054
--- PAGE 4 ---
Paged of 4 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned wahin fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply he money to another travel product and/or date. 
California CSTN1022318. Washington U8Iff6a0-469-694. Iowa TAit669. 
Page 0 of 0 
Itinerary CLMRBF 
AMERICAN 
BCPRE SS 
EFTA00593055

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593056.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593056.pdf
----------------------------------------
INVOICE 
A 
NORTON ROSE FULBRIGHT 
LLP 
Invoice Number 
11399168 
New York New York 10103-3198 
Matter Number 
11104255 
Tel 
Invoice Date 
September 30, 2013 
Fax 
Invoice Due Date 
October 30, 2013 
www.nortonrose Ibn ht.com 
Requesting Attomey 
Philip J. Michaels 
New York, NY 10022 
Tax Identification Number 
Fulbri ht R venu 
nd A 
nting 
Siegal - Estate Administration 
Charges for professional services rendered from June 1, 2013 
to August 31, 2013 
Expenses 
Total Expenses & Services Due 
Total Invoice Amount Due 
Charges 
$ 2,141 00 
5.16 
S 2,146.16 
S 2,146.16 
Please return this advice with your remittance 
via Wire Transfer or ACH payment: 
OR 
via Mail: 
Account Name 
Fulbright & Jaworski LLP 
Fulbri ht & Jaworski LLP 
Bank Name 
Bank of America 
Bank Address 
Dallas Texas 75205 
Dallas, Texas 
Wire Routing Number 
75284-4284 
ACH Routing Number 
SWIFT Number 
Account Number 
References 
Matter # 11104255; Invoice # 11399168 
INS invoce may Include fees and debasements of the member arms of the Radon Rose FL4bright Veen 
EFTA00593056
--- PAGE 2 ---
Peggy Siegal 
Invoice Number 
11399168 
Matter Number 
11104255 
Invoice Date 
September 30, 2013 
Invoice Due Date 
October 30, 2013 
DATE 
NAME 
TIME 
SERVICES 
06/19/13 
PJ Michaels 
.40 
Review release; tel. conf. client. 
07/10/13 
PJ Michaels 
.50 
Tel. cont. Jamie Dyce; tel. conf. client. 
07/18/13 
LV Salas 
.30 
Set up conference room and e-mail to PJM re Anna Kordas review of 
boxes related to testamentary trust 
08/02/13 
PJ Michaels 
.40 
Tel. conf. client; tel. conf. J. Dyce. 
08/16/13 
PJ Michaels 
.50 
Tel. cont. J. Dyce; email client. 
08/26/13 
LV Salas 
1.00 
Follow up on information requested from CPA; review PJM e-mail and 
files re 706 copies, Wills and F&J invoices and send 
08/28/13 
PJ Michaels 
.50 
Tel. conf. J. Dyce re: possible settlement; email client. 
Total 
3.60 
$2,141.00 
EXPENSES 
Description 
Amount 
Total 
Copy 
Postage 
4.50 
0.66 
5.16 
TOTAL INVOICE AMOUNT DUE 
52,148.16 
TIMEKEEPER SUMMARY 
TIMEKEEPER 
HOURS 
RATE 
FEE 
Philip J. Michaels 
Linda V. Salas 
Total 
2.30 
1.30 
3.60 
750.00 
320.00 
1,725.00 
416.00 
2,141.00 
Page 12 
FJOriya & Arsoralo LLP S a Pried SOWN partnership teRsiered saris No Ins of haw. 
FultAgen & areorski LLP. Norton Rose NINO, UP. Norton Rase Casfpht Au*S Martel Rose RANI% Cenede UP. Notion Rode Fulbright Sails Mice (Nonce! a Densys Rein, Inc). 
Nth of *Nen is s wen 
least witty. n mantes of Notion Rose Fuer*** Wain a Swiss Per Dela of ash entity. pith wish teguletorf Intametion. are si noncerosehibrisse.com Nan 
Rosa RAS." Venin helps coordnese In oasis of the members but <loos not itself provide lewd services to dents 
EFTA00593057
--- PAGE 3 ---
INVOICE 
Invoice Number 
Matter Number 
Invoice Date 
Invoice Due Date 
Requesting Attorney 
Peggy Siegal 
New York, NY 10022 
A 
NORTON ROSE FULBRIGHT 
Fulbri ht & Jaworski LLP 
11405774 
New York 
03-3198 
11104255 
Tel 
October 28, 2013 
Fax 
November 27, 2013 
www.nortonroseful ri 
Philip J. Michaels 
Tax Identification Number 
F I ri hRy 
A 
nting 
Siegal - Estate Administration 
Charges for professional services rendered from September 1, 2013 
to September 30, 2013 
Total Expenses & Services Due 
Previous Balance 
Total Invoice Amount Including Previous Balance 
Please return this advice with your remittance 
via Wire Transfer or ACH payment: 
Account Name 
Bank Name 
Bank Address 
Wire Routing Number 
ACH Routing Number 
SWIFT Number 
Account Number 
References 
Fulbright & Jaworski LLP 
Bank of America 
Dallas. Texas 75205 
Charges 
$ 1,999.00 
$ 1,999.00 
2,146.16 
$ 4,145.16 
OR 
via Mail: 
Fulbri ht & Jaworski LLP 
Dallas, Texas 
75284-4284 
Matter # 11104255; Invoice # 11405774 
This IfIVCONI may include Sees and dmOursomeMs Of the mentor fInni of me NOMICI Ross Futnghl Worn 
EFTA00593058
--- PAGE 4 ---
Peggy Siegal 
Invoice Number 
Matter Number 
Invoice Date 
Invoice Due Date 
11405774 
11104255 
October 28, 2013 
November 27, 2013 
DATE 
NAME 
TIME 
SERVICES 
09/12/13 
PJ Michaels 
.20 
Tel. conf. client. 
09/17/13 
PJ Michaels 
.30 
Tel. conf. client re: distribution. 
09/18/13 
JT Klingel 
.60 
Conf in office w/ J. Ro and L. Sales re email from P. Michaels; review 
of accounting computations and distributions pending under trust 
remainder, estate residue, further conf w/ J. Ro; attention to email 
from J. Ro. 
09/18/13 
JJ Ro 
1.80 
Reviewed files re value of unified credit trust at Annette's death and 
additional funds due Peggy from Annette's estate. Conferred with L. 
Sales and J. Klingel re same. 
09/18/13 
LV Sales 
.50 
Review and discuss unified credit trust and 706 values with other 
documents with J. Ro; review memos and correspondence re same. 
09/24/13 
PJ Michaels 
.60 
Tel. conf. J. Dyce re: settlement; email client. 
Total 
4.00 
1,999.00 
OUTSTANDING INVOICES 
Date 
Invoice 
Balance Due 
09/30/13 
11399168 
2,146.16 
Total 
2,146.16 
TOTAL INVOICE AMOUNT DUE INCLUDING PREVIOUS BALANCE 
$4,145.16 
TIMEKEEPER SUMMARY 
TIMEKEEPER 
HOURS 
RATE 
FEE 
Philip J. Michaels 
1.10 
750.00 
825.00 
Jinsoo Justin Ro 
1.80 
425.00 
765.00 
John Thomas Klingel 
0.60 
415.00 
249.00 
Linda V. Sales 
0.50 
320.00 
160.00 
Total 
4.00 
1,999.00 
Page  [2 
Fubngh & Jaworgal LLP is a knifed loabilty partnerthp registered under me taws of Texas 
Fulonght & Jaworsk. LLP. Noton Rose FulOnght LLP, Norton Rose FuOnght katnata, Raton Rose FulOnght Canada UP, Norton Rose Full:right South Nnca (leveret:Jested as Deneys Riau, Inc ), 
each 01 whch oe a 8/000/010 leg enbty. we members cf Norton Rose Fulengra Veren. a Swiss Wean Oetaits of each entity. *nth cannot regutatory infomnthon. are al norloncoserutbnpht corn Notion 
Rose Fultnght Vixen helps coordnate the activates of Ire members but does not itself petted° legal sensces to darts 
EFTA00593059
--- PAGE 5 ---
INVOICE 
Invoice Number 
Matter Number 
Invoice Date 
Invoice Due Date 
11425323 
11104255 
January 31, 2014 
March 2, 2014 
Requesting Attorney 
Philip J. Michaels 
New York, NY 10022 
A 
NORTON ROSE FULBRIGHT 
Fulbri ht & Jaworsid LLP 
New York New York 
Tel 
Fax 
www.nortonrose u Till 
103-3198 
Tax Identification Number 
Fulbri ht R vn 
A 
nting 
Siegal - Estate Administration 
Charges for professional services rendered from October 1, 2013 
to December 31, 2013 
Invoice Amount Due 
Previous Balance 
Total Invoice Amount Including Previous Balance 
Please return this advice with your remittance 
via Wire Transfer or ACH payment: 
Account Name 
Bank Name 
Bank Address 
Wire Routing Number 
ACH Routing Number 
SWIFT Number 
Account Number 
References 
Fulbright & Jaworski LLP 
Bank of America 
Dallas. Texas 75205 
Charges 
$ 3,048.00 
$ 3,048.00 
4,145.16 
$ 7,193.16 
OR 
via Mail: 
Fulbn ht & Jaworski LLP 
Dallas, Texas 
75284-4284 
Matter # 11104255; Invoice # 11425323 
This mom may include fees and disbursements 01 the member firms of V* Norton Ron Fullmohl Vent 
EFTA00593060
--- PAGE 6 ---
Peggy Siegal 
Invoice Number 
Matter Number 
Invoice Date 
Invoice Due Date 
11425323 
11104255 
January 31, 2014 
March 2, 2014 
DATE 
NAME 
TIME 
SERVICES 
10/06/13 
PJ Michaels 
.20 
Email client. 
10/25/13 
PJ Michaels 
.30 
Tel. conf. client re: estate/distribution issues. 
11/12/13 
PJ Michaels 
.60 
Tel. conf. Peggy Siegal; email atty. 
12/17/13 
PJ Michaels 
.60 
Tel. conf. J. Dyce re: settlement; email client. 
12/19/13 
PJ Michaels 
.50 
Conf. call with client and CPA re: settlement. 
12/20/13 
PJ Michaels 
.60 
Conf. call with client and CPA re: proposed settlement. 
12/27/13 
JT Klingel 
1.20 
Review files, correspondence and records re accounting of estate, 
credit shelter trust; conf w/ file room personnel re location of same; 
conf in office w/ J. Ro re location of accounting; review of analysis of 
accounting prepared previously, forward copy to P. Michaels w/ note 
re status of search for accounting. 
12/27/13 
PJ Michaels 
.60 
Review summary; email Joshua S. 
Total 
4.60 
3,048.00 
INVOICE AMOUNT DUE 
53,048.00 
OUTSTANDING INVOICES 
Date 
Invoice 
Balance Due 
09/30/13 
10/28/13 
Total 
11399168 
11405774 
2,146.16 
1,999.00 
4,145.16 
TOTAL INVOICE AMOUNT DUE INCLUDING PREVIOUS BALANCE 
$7,193.16 
TIMEKEEPER SUMMARY 
TIMEKEEPER 
HOURS 
RATE 
FEE 
Philip J. Michaels 
3.40 
750.00 
2,550.00 
John Thomas Klingel 
1.20 
415.00 
498.00 
Total 
4.60 
3,048.00 
Page 12 
Fu!Wahl I Jr*Orlki LLP is s limited fealty partnering> registered tat 
the Ines of Texas 
FulbeSahl 6 Jirmorski LLP. NOrlon Rosa Fullantd LLP, No-ton Rose Fulbnitl Australia Norton Rose Fatng.lt Crpaaa LLP, Norton Rose FUbr9re. South Atnta (incorporated es Oeneys Heitz, Inc ) 
moth of Mich is a &e pees?* legal entity. are rrembors of Norton Row F ubniarg Vorein, a Swiss Vewen Deists 0, Oath entity, cum certain rooulatory erformat.on are at ncetcnrosthJorri corn Horan 
Rose FsAsicht Verain been oxrdesie the accrues el the members ba Ooes rot itsetf provAe legal samosa to OilnIs 
EFTA00593061
--- PAGE 7 ---
INVOICE 
A NORTON ROSE FULBRIGHT 
Fulbright & Jaworski LLP 
Invoice Number 
11431730 
rk
 rk 1 103-3198 
Matter Number 
11104255 
Tel 
Invoice Date 
February 26, 2014 
Fax 
Invoice Due Date 
March 28, 2014 
www.n 
nr se I ri 
. 
Requesting Attorney 
New York, NY 10022 
Philip J. Michaels 
Tax Identification Number 
F I ri 
nting 
Siegal - Estate Administration 
Charges for professional services rendered from January 1, 2014 
to January 31, 2014 
Total Invoice Amount Due 
Previous Balance 
Total Amount Due Including Previous Balance 
Please return this advice with your remittance 
via Wire Transfer or ACH payment: 
Charges 
$ 1,195.00 
1,196.00 
7,193.16 
$ 8,388.16 
OR 
via Mail: 
Account Name 
Fulbright & Jaworski LLP 
Fulbright & Jaworski LLP 
Bank Name 
Bank of America 
Bank Address 
5205 
Dallas, Texas 
Wire Routing Number 
75284-4284 
ACH Routing Number 
SWIFT Number 
Account Number 
References 
Matter # 11104255; Invoice # 11431730 
TINS SIVCC41 may include lees and cbsbursements of the member Ann c4 Ure Norton Rcee Fultadgnl Venn 
EFTA00593062
--- PAGE 8 ---
Peggy Siegal 
Invoice Number 
Matter Number 
Invoice Date 
Invoice Due Date 
11431730 
11104255 
February 26, 2014 
March 28, 2014 
DATE 
NAME 
TIME 
SERVICES 
01/06/14 
01/16/14 
01/17/14 
Total 
PJ Michaels 
PJ Michaels 
JT Klingel 
.40 
Tel conf re: Josh S. re: distribution. 
.60 
Tel. conf. Josh Snell, CPA; tel. conf. J. Dyce. 
1.00 
Attention to email from P. Michaels re draft of accounting; review files, 
correspondence and records to locate draft of accounting previously 
received (not located). 
2.00 
1,195.00 
TOTAL INVOICE AMOUNT DUE 
$1,195.00 
OUTSTANDING INVOICES 
Date 
Invoice 
Balance Due 
09/30/13 
10/28/13 
01/31/14 
Total 
11399168 
11405774 
11425323 
2,146.16 
1,999.00 
3,048.00 
7,193.16 
TOTAL AMOUNT DUE INCLUDING PREVIOUS BALANCE 
$8,388.16 
TIMEKEEPER SUMMARY 
TIMEKEEPER 
HOURS 
RATE 
FEE 
Philip J. Michaels 
John Thomas Klingel 
Total 
1.00 
1.00 
2.00 
770.00 
425.00 
770.00 
425.00 
1,195.00 
Fulbroght d lower-ski LIP is a limited Iatdry palrershap repstored under the laws of Tout 
Futinght 8 Jawarslo LIP, Norton Rose atbighl LIP, Nonon Rose Fulnnglx Austrahe Ninon Rose Funnnght Canada LLP, Norton Rose RA:right Soul, Aloes (incorporated as Drays Res, Irc ). 
each of which ts a separate lope, only, are members of Norton Rote Futnghi Vere.n a S'a'ss eaten Betels of each ontdy, with Galan ropu'atory information. We al nortorvasoluftneht corn Norton 
Rea Fulbeght Venni helps CoOrdinate tM aCfrates of Me members but does nOt *Mai prov.40 toga: sarV,aS to clients 
EFTA00593063

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593064.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593064.pdf
----------------------------------------
G.F.I. 
,I+1•1 1I 44444 
L
Mina bodytec 
Price List and Product Descriptions 
Description 
Retail price per unit 
Currency 
miha bodytec II Including stand 
11,000.00 USD 
miha bodytec work station 
845.00 USD 
miha bodytec business case (generation II) 
650.00 USD 
electrode vest ladies (without cable set] 
Sizes XS, S, M, L 
210.00 USD 
electrode vest men (without cable set] 
Sizes XS, S, M, L 
210.00 USD 
electrode vest ladies inc. inserted cable set] 
Sizes XS, S, M, L 
340.00 USD 
electrode vest men inc. inserted cable set] 
Sizes XS, S, M, L 
340.00 USD 
cable set S, M, & L 
115.00 USD 
arm electrode (pair) - S, M, L, XL 
48.00 USD 
leg electrode (pair) - S, M, L 
48.00 USD 
buttocks electrode - S, M, L, XL 
68.00 USD 
extra belts (pair) 
16.00 USD 
main connection cable 
98.00 USD 
transponder card for miha bodytec II 
5.00 USD 
miha bodytec pump atomizer 
25.00 USD 
set of underwear 
1+ 55.00 / 5+ 40.00 
20+ 32.00 / 40+ 28.00 USD 
Sizes XS, S, M, L, XL, XXL 
Extra electrode round 
36.00 USD 
Extra electrode legs 
48.00 USD 
Extra electrode neck 
36.00 USD 
Connector cable for extra electrodes 
25.00 USD 
Office. 4 
Global Fitness Initiative, LLC 
Miha BodyTec GCC Distribution 
KSA - UAE - QATAR - KUWAIT - OMAN - BAHRAIN 
www.mihabodytec.com 
Dubai, U.A.E, Po. 124688 
EFTA00593064

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593065.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593065.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 08-80736-CIV-KAM 
JANE DOE, 
) 
) 
PETITIONER, 
) 
) 
-v- 
) 
) 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
) 
) 
RESPONDENT. 
) 
) 
) 
West Palm Beach, Florida 
November 23, 2015 
TRANSCRIPT OF STATUS CONFERENCE PROCEEDINGS 
BEFORE THE HONORABLE KENNETH A. MARRA 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE 
Appearances: 
FOR THE PETITIONER 
FOR THE RESPONDENT 
Reporter 
Bradley J. Edwards, ESQ., 
Brittany Henderson, ESQ., AND 
Paul G. Cassell, ESQ. 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing, et al. 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
AUSA, AND 
AUSA 
United States Attorney's Office 
Miami, FL 33132 
Stephen W. Franklin, RMR, CRR, CPE 
Official Court Reporter 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
E-mail: 
EFTA00593065
--- PAGE 2 ---
(Call to the order of the Court.) 
THE COURT: Good afternoon, please be seated. 
MR. 
: Good afternoon, Your Honor. 
MR. III: Good afternoon, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: We are here in the case of Doe versus 
United States, Case Number 08-80736-CIV-MARRA. 
May I have counsel state their appearances. 
MR. EDWARDS: Brad Edwards and Britney Henderson, as 
well as Paul Cassell on the telephone on behalf of the 
Petitioners. 
THE COURT: Good afternoon. 
MR. II.: Good afternoon, Your Honor. May it please 
the Court. For the Respondents, 
and-
Assistant U.S. Attorneys. Good afternoon, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: Thank you for being available on 
relatively short notice. I just thought we should get 
together and discuss where this case is going and how the 
parties thought we should proceed. 
So Mr. Edwards why don't you tell me. 
MR. EDWARDS: Sure. I don't mind taking the lead on 
that. 
This is our plan, and I can tell you that Paul 
Cassell and I are being very careful in the way that we 
present what is going to be a 60-page summary judgment motion. 
We have set internally a deadline of filing, an artificial 
EFTA00593066
--- PAGE 3 ---
deadline for ourselves, of December 15th. If Your Honor is 
okay with that, then that seems like it's going to fall in 
line. When I say we're being careful, we're being careful in 
how we're going to prepare and file the exhibits and what gets 
filed to make sure that we strictly comply with your prior 
orders in that regard. 
That summary judgment, if granted, would take us, 
then, to the remedy stage, which I think is the next phase 
that would obviously be contested by parties in addition to 
the Government. If denied, then I would foresee requesting 
from Your Honor the ability to take several depositions, 
engage in some limited but additional discovery, and before 
requesting a jury trial, and I think that at least between my 
co-counsel and I, we envision getting this case resolved, if 
possible, by mid summer 2016. At least maybe that's overly 
optimistic, but that's my hope. 
THE COURT: All right. Eight years later. 
All right. So a 60-page summary judgment motion is 
going to take, I would think, the Government more than the 
normal 10 days to respond to that, especially if it's going to 
come on December 15th, and with the holidays. 
MR. EDWARDS: And we're obviously going to work with 
them in that regard. 
THE COURT: All right. So you just threw out a 
procedural issue that just stuck out as a jury trial. You 
EFTA00593067
--- PAGE 4 ---
wanted to have a jury trial. I was wondering what would be 
the basis for a jury trial in this case? And not that we need 
to resolve that issue today, but is there any -- where do you 
see a right to a jury trial in this case? I guess we can deal 
with that down the road. 
MR. EDWARDS: I think that's probably best. 
THE COURT: Okay. All right. Mr. 
what do you 
foresee as how we should go forward with this case? 
MR. 
Your Honor, we believe there's an issue 
about whether or not Jane Does 1 and 2 may have been complicit 
in the offenses, if you will. Specifically that they, 
themselves, procured additional young women for Mr. Epstein 
and were paid commissions or referral fees for it. 
We're looking at a case that came out from the 
Eleventh Circuit, In Re Wellcare Health Plans, Incorporated, 
754 F.3d 1234, June of 2014. We believe that issue is 
relevant because they found, the Court of Appeals, that if 
someone was complicit in the actual offense, that they are not 
entitled to be a victim and can invoke no victim rights under 
the Victim Rights Act. 
So what we would propose to do is within the next 
week or so, to propound some very short requests for 
admissions and interrogatories directed to that specific 
issue. When the Petitioners file their 60-page summary 
judgment motion, we would anticipate, assuming we can get a 
EFTA00593068
--- PAGE 5 ---
short extension of time to respond, we would file our own 
response and potentially a cross motion for summary judgment, 
Your Honor. 
THE COURT: All right. Mr. Edwards, did you want to 
say something? 
MR. EDWARDS: Yes. 
Well, today is the first day that I've heard that 
the Government may attempt to argue that the victims were 
complicit in this and thus are disqualified, and I think that 
Your Honor has recognized all along that we represent not only 
Jane Doe 1 and 2, but all other similarly situated victims. 
There were numerous identified by the Government, some of 
which, in fact, many of which, because of the way that the 
crime and scheme was laid out from top to bottom, many of 
which were also recruiters. And so this additional, I will 
say, issue is going to likely lead to additional other issues, 
including what other victims can now be included; are there 
going to be additional Jane Does that may actually need to be 
joined by name, because they don't fall under the category of 
Jane Doe 1 and 2, to the extent that there's this latest 
argument gets any traction. 
Like I said, today's the first day I've heard this, 
and so I have not read this case that's being cited, and I'm 
frankly surprised that now the victims who have been 
categorized as victims are now being considered something less 
EFTA00593069
--- PAGE 6 ---
than that. But -- so that may change the timetable, I guess. 
THE COURT: All right. Well, I guess we're not in a 
position to resolve that issue today. 
MR. EDWARDS: We are not. 
THE COURT: Okay. So Mr. Edwards, you mentioned if 
I deny your summary judgment motion, then you wanted to do 
some limited additional discovery in the nature of what? What 
are you foreseeing, again, looking down the road, if we get to 
that point. 
MR. EDWARDS: So, for instance, if Your Honor were 
to determine that there was a genuine issue of material fact 
on the issue of did Jane Doe number 2 -- just taking her for 
example -- was she able to meaningfully confer with the 
Government? I would like to -- and the Government says, well, 
this is what we considered meaningfully conferring. It's she 
talked to X agent over here about something else. I would 
like to take the deposition of that agent, if that's something 
that they're going to rely upon. Or even the prosecutor, 
since it's actually the obligation is to give the victims the 
right to meaningfully confer with the prosecutor in the case. 
I'd just like to take the prosecutor's deposition to figure 
out what did you talk to her about, what did you not, so that 
we could hammer out whether that's meaningfully conferring 
under the statute. 
THE COURT: So, again, if we get to the point where 
EFTA00593070
--- PAGE 7 ---
a motion for summary judgment is denied, that's the extent of 
the additional discovery that you feel you would need to take, 
just the issue of what conferring the Government did with the 
victims in this case? 
MR. EDWARDS: Yes, sir. That's all I can anticipate 
the right now. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. EDWARDS: With this -- with the latest that I 
just heard, who knows. 
THE COURT: Okay. From your standpoint. 
MR. EDWARDS: Yes. 
THE COURT: Mr. gig, other than this limited 
discovery you just mentioned dealing with whether the Jane 
Does 1 and 2 were complicit in the underlying criminal conduct 
that Mr. Epstein was involved with, do you foresee any other 
additional discovery that you might need to take? 
MR. §§§: No, Your Honor. 
If I may comment briefly. 
Your Honor, typically a CVRA action is part of a 
criminal proceeding in the normal course. Of course, there's 
really nothing normal about this case, but we all know that. 
But we don't believe that it is necessary or necessarily 
appropriate to ingraft the civil discovery rights onto this 
dispute. If there is a factual dispute that the Court finds 
would preclude a summary judgment motion, then the next step 
EFTA00593071
--- PAGE 8 ---
is to go into an evidentiary hearing, much as would be held if 
there was a criminal case attached to this. 
So we would object to any further discovery. 
THE COURT: All right. But you just told me you 
wanted to take some discovery. 
MR. 11.: Your Honor, you have already allowed them 
to do discovery, which is fine, and we have produced it. We 
want to exercise the same pre-summary judgment. But insofar 
as what goes on after summary judgment, in the event that it's 
denied, then it would go into -- straight into an evidentiary 
hearing. 
THE COURT: All right. So, again, you don't --
other than this limited discovery that you just mentioned, you 
don't foresee or think it would be appropriate to have any 
additional discovery beyond that? 
MR. III: That's correct, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. CASSELL: Your Honor, this is Paul Cassell. If 
I could just mention -- Brad mentioned the limited discovery 
we would need. There is also one matter that Mr. Edwards may 
want to discuss with you at sidebar that could potentially 
surface at some point. 
THE COURT: All right. I guess Mr. Edwards knows 
what you're talking about. 
MR. EDWARDS: Sure, sure. 
EFTA00593072
--- PAGE 9 ---
So we do have outstanding discovery requests that 
have been objected to by the Government. We have circulated a 
motion to compel to the Government, as well as to let's call 
them outside third parties. And there has been some 
discussion as to how we may be able to resolve it without the 
need of filing a motion to compel and putting anything back 
into a court record. 
So we're trying to work that out amongst ourselves 
first. And if we can't, I guess we'd ask Your Honor if you 
could -- if you would indulge such an issue being filed under 
seal, even though it may be not technically appropriate to 
file under seal, and see it in camera so that it doesn't 
become kind of a sideshow. 
THE COURT: All right. Well, again, that's 
something that may be necessary and might be worked out among 
the parties; is that correct? 
MR. EDWARDS: Hopefully. 
THE COURT: Is that what you were referring to, 
Mr. Cassell? 
MR. CASSELL: Yes. 
THE COURT: Okay. Well, I don't think I need to 
learn anything more specific at this point. If it become 
necessary, we'll deal with it. 
So is there anything else we should talk about 
today? 
EFTA00593073
--- PAGE 10 ---
MR. EDWARDS: No, except that, like I said, the time 
table we were planning to file this summary judgment motion 
was -- let's say it's already in draft form -- December 15th. 
If there is going to be additional discovery that's going to 
be allowed, propounded from the Government to our victims, I 
would just ask that we have kind of a discovery cutoff so that 
we could see the discovery, respond to the discovery and then 
file our summary judgment motion. Because it may help to 
frame what the issues are in those motions. That seams --
THE COURT: Well, again, there's no deadline by 
which you're supposed to file anything at this point. That's 
one of the reasons why I had the hearing, to see if we should 
set some deadlines and a scheduling order going forward so 
that, you know, we don't -- it doesn't linger. 
I would suggest maybe that the parties get together 
and see if you can come to an agreement on putting together a 
schedule for whatever needs to be done before summary 
judgment, and assuming if the summary judgment's denied, when 
can an evidentiary hearing be held. 
I guess we should talk about this issue of a jury 
trial that was just raised. And, again, I haven't researched 
it. I don't know precisely what the rules are for something 
like this, but my inclination would be this is not a jury 
issue. This is something for me to decide whether it was 
if it was in the criminal -- brought up in the criminal 
EFTA00593074
--- PAGE 11 ---
context, I would think that the Judge would decide it. There 
wouldn't be any right to a jury trial. I don't know why, 
since this was filed as a separate civil proceeding, that that 
would change. But, again, I'm not prepared to make a ruling 
on that. I'm not saying that that's the ultimate outcome. 
I'm just giving you my initial impression. 
And I'm just wondering if -- you know, if we're 
going -- if it's not going to be jury, then we can schedule 
something I think relatively quickly. I don't know how much 
is going to be needed beyond what's already undisputed in 
terms of factually what happened. I don't know what -- how 
much evidence would need to be taken at an evidentiary 
hearing. 
Mr. Edwards, what do you think about if there was 
going to be an evidentiary hearing, jury or nonjury, I mean, 
how much time do you think it would take? 
MR. EDWARDS: Well, it depends on, to me, what the 
Government's defenses are and whether -- and whether it's 
really going to come down into the nuance of what the 
Government did or did not say to victim A, and what they did 
or did not say to victim number 8, or number 9, or number 10. 
If it comes down -- if it really gets that specific, and it 
ultimately is going to require a determination that, yes, 
victim 2, 6 and 7's rights were violated in this regard, or 
I don't think that it should, but it sounds like it could. 
EFTA00593075
--- PAGE 12 ---
And we have been contacted by other victims who do wish to 
testify and present evidence, and Your Honor said that's okay. 
So I think that all that kind of plays in. 
I would think that if it's not going to be a jury 
trial -- so absent picking juries and those things -- then a 
couple days, two, three days we could probably get it done, I 
would think no matter how many victims testify, just because 
it's very narrow, the scope, I would think, of the 
examination. 
THE COURT: That's what I would think, too, it would 
be very narrow. 
So Mr. NW 
MR. §§§: Yes, Your Honor. 
And in so far as the jury trial, we believe there is 
no entitlement to a jury trial. It's based upon the Seventh 
Amendment. And this goes a little way back the last time I 
briefed this issue. It's basically whether, at the time of 
the founding of the Republic and common law, whether or not 
somebody was entitled to a jury trial at that time. This 
cause of action and this statute did not exist at that time, 
so therefore we submit that there is no right to a jury trial. 
THE COURT: All right. Well, again, we don't need 
to decide that today. I was just 
since it was mentioned, I 
thought I would just raise that as an issue we're going to 
have to resolve at some point. 
EFTA00593076
--- PAGE 13 ---
MR. 
Yes, sir. 
THE COURT: So maybe that's something that should be 
briefed before we set a date for resolution one way or the 
other. 
MR. EDWARDS: I think also that we would work with 
opposing counsel, send them what we have in terms of why we 
think it should be, and perhaps we could agree on that. 
THE COURT: All right. So can I ask both sides to 
maybe get together and see if you can come up with some type 
of a proposed schedule going forward on whatever needs to be 
done, and if you can't agree on things you can tell me your 
respective positions, and then I can possibly set a -- an 
order going forward. 
MR. EDWARDS: Absolutely. 
Thank you, Your Honor. 
MR. III: Yes, Your Honor, of course. 
THE COURT: All right. Anything else we should or 
need to discuss today? 
MR. III: Nothing for the Respondents. Thank you, 
Your Honor. 
MR. EDWARDS: And nothing from the Petitioners. 
Thank you, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: Mr. Cassell, anything else? 
MR. CASSELL: No, Mr. Edwards capably conveyed our 
positions. 
EFTA00593077
--- PAGE 14 ---
THE COURT: All right. Thank you, again, for being 
available on short notice, and we'll wait to hear back from 
both sides. 
How much time do you think you need to put something 
together? A couple weeks? 
MR. EDWARDS: I would say we could -- yeah, two or 
three weeks I think we'll put it together and we'll submit it. 
MR. ill: We agree. 
THE COURT: Thank you. Take care. 
(Proceedings concluded.) 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
CERTIFICATE 
I, Stephen W. Franklin, Registered Merit Reporter, and 
Certified Realtime Reporter, certify that the foregoing is a 
correct transcript from the record of proceedings in the 
above-entitled matter. 
Dated this 7th day of DECEMBER, 2015. 
/s/Stephen W. Franklin 
Stephen W. Franklin, RMR, CRR 
EFTA00593078
--- PAGE 15 ---
If 
MR. CASSELL: [3) 
8/17 9/1913/23 
MR. EDWARDS: [18] 
MR. =: 
[11] 
MR. 
: [1] 
2/2 
THE COURT: [3O] 
-v [I] 1/5 
is/Stephen [1] 14/19 
08-80736-CIV-KANI [1) 
1/2 
[2] 3/20 11/21 
1234 (1] 4/16 
15th [3] 3/13/21 10/3 
2014 (1] 4/16 
2015 (2] 1/8 14/17 
2016 (1] 3/15 
[1] 1/8 
33132 [I) 1/20 
33301[I] 1/17 
33401 [I] 1/23 
3768 (1] 1/22 
425 [1] 1/17 
4th [I) 1/20 
514-3768 (1] 1/22 
561 [1] 1/22 
60-page [3] 2/24 3/18 
4/24 
7's [1] 11/24 
701 [1] 1/22 
754 [1] 4/16 
7th [I] 14/17 
[1] 1/20 
A 
ability [I) 3/11 
able [21 6/139/5 
above [1) 14/16 
above-entitled [1] 14/16 
absent [1] 12/5 
Absolutely (1] 13/14 
Act [1] 4/20 
action [2] 7/19 12/20 
actual [1] 4/18 
actually [2] 5/186/19 
addition [1] 3/9 
additional [10] 
admissions [1] 4/23 
after [1] 8/9 
afternoon [6] 
again [9] 
agent [2] 6/166/17 
agree [3] 13/7 13/11 
14/8 
agreement [1] 10/16 
al [1] 1116 
allowed [2] 8/610/5 
along [1] 5/10 
already (3] 8/6 10/3 
11/10 
also [3] 5/15 8/20 13/5 
Amendment [1] 12/16 
AMERICA [I] 1/6 
among [1] 9/15 
amongst (1] 9/8 
Andrews [1) 1/17 
anticipate [2) 4/25 7/5 
any 161 
anything [6] 
aol.com [1] 1/23 
Appeals [1) 4/17 
appearances [2] 1/14 
2/7 
appropriate [3) 7/23 
8/14 9/11 
argue (1] 5/8 
argument [1] 5/21 
artificial [1] 2/25 
ask [3] 9/9 10/6 13/8 
Assistant [1] 2/14 
assuming (2] 4125 10/18 
attached [1] 8/2 
attempt [1] 5/8 
Attorney's [1] 1/19 
Attorneys [1) 2/14 
AUSA [2] 1/18 1/19 
available (2) 2/15 14/2 
Avenue [1] 1/17 
B 
Brittany [1] 1/15 
brought [1] 10/25 
back (3] 9/6 12/16 14/2 
based [1] 12/15 
basically [1] 12/17 
basis [1] 4/2 
Beach (2] 1/71/23 
because (5] 
become [2] 9/13 9/22 
before [4] 1/11 3/12 
10/17 13/3 
behalf (1] 2/9 
being [8] 
believe [4] 4/9 4/16 7/22 
12114 
best (I] 4/6 
between [1) 3/13 
beyond [2) 8/15 11/10 
both [2] 13/8 14/3 
bottom [1] 5/14 
Brad [2] 2/8 8/19 
Bradley [1] 1/15 
briefed [2] 12/17 13/3 
briefly [1) 7/18 
Britney [1] 2/8 
C 
came (1) 4/14 
camera [I] 9/12 
can't [2) 9/9 13/11 
capably [1] 13124 
care (1] 14/9 
careful [3] 2/23 3/3 3/3 
case [14) 
Cassell [6) 
categorized [1] 5/25 
category [1] 5/19 
cause [1] 12/20 
CERTIFICATE (1] 
14/12 
Certified (1] 14/14 
certify (1] 14/14 
change [2] 6/1 11/4 
Circuit (I] 4/15 
circulated [1] 9/2 
cited [1] 5/23 
CIV [2) 1/22/6 
civil [2) 7/23 11/3 
Clematis [1] 1/22 
co [1] 3/14 
co-counsel [1) 3/14 
comes [1] 11/22 
comment [1] 7/18 
commissions (1) 4/13 
common (1] 12/18 
compel [2] 9/3 9/6 
complicit (4] 4/10 4/18 
5/9 7/14 
comply [1] 3/5 
concluded [1] 14/10 
conduct [1] 7/14 
confer (2] 6/13 6/20 
CONFERENCE (1] 
1/10 
conferring [3] 6/15 6/23 
7/3 
considered [2) 5/25 6/15 
contacted [I] 12/1 
contested [1] 3/9 
context [1] 11/1 
conveyed [1) 13/24 
correct [3) 8/16 9/16 
14/15 
counsel [3] 2/7 3/14 13/6 
couple [2] 12/614/5 
course [3] 7/207/20 
13/16 
court [7] 
CPE [1] 1/21 
crime [1] 5/14 
criminal [5] 
cross (1) 5/2 
CAR [2] 1/21 14/20 
cutoff [1) 10/6 
CVRA [1] 7/19 
D 
date [1] 13/3 
Dated [1] 14/17 
days [3] 3/20 12/612/6 
deadline [3] 2/25 3/1 
10/10 
deadlines [1] 10/13 
deal [2] 4/49/23 
dealing [1] 7/13 
December [4] 3/13/21 
10/3 14/17 
December 15th [3] 3/1 
3/21 10/3 
decide [3) 10/24 11/1 
12/23 
defenses [1] 11/18 
denied [4] 3/10 7/I 8/10 
10/18 
deny (I] 6/6 
depends [1] 11/17 
deposition (2] 6/17 6/21 
depositions [1] 3/11 
determination [1] 11/23 
determine [1] 6/11 
[2) 1/18 2/13 
directed (1] 4/23 
discovery [17) 
discuss [3] 2/17 8/21 
13/18 
discussion [1] 9/5 
dispute (2] 7/24 7/24 
disqualified [1] 5/9 
DISTRICT [3) 1/1 1/1 
1/12 
DOE [5) 
Does [3] 4/10 5/18 7/14 
doesn't [2) 9/12 10/14 
don't (14] 
done [3] 10/17 12/6 
13/11 
down [4j 4/5 6/8 11/19 
11/22 
draft [1) 10/3 
E 
E-mail [1] 1/23 
Ed [2) 1/192/13 
Edwards [9] 
Eight [1) 3/17 
Eleventh [I) 4/15 
else [4] 6/16 9/24 13/17 
13/23 
engage (1] 3/12 
entitled [3] 4/19 12/19 
14/16 
entitlement [1] 12/15 
envision (1] 3/14 
Epstein [2) 4/12 7/15 
especially [1] 3/20 
ESQ 131 1/15 1/151/16 
et (11 1/16 
even [2] 6/189/11 
event [1] 8/9 
evidence [2] 11/12 12/2 
evidentiary (5] 
examination [1] 12/9 
example [1) 6/13 
except [1] 10/1 
exercise [1] 8/8 
exhibits [1] 3/4 
exist [1] 12/20 
extension [1] 5/1 
extent (2] 5/20 7/1 
F 
F.3d [1] 4/16 
fact (2] 5/13 6/11 
factual [1] 7/24 
factually [1] 11/11 
fall [2] 3/2 5/19 
far [1] 12/14 
Farmer [I) 1/16 
feel [1] 7/2 
fees [1] 4/13 
figure [1] 6/21 
file [7] 
filed [3] 3/5 9/10 11/3 
filing [2] 2/25 9/6 
finds (I] 7/24 
fine (11 8/7 
first (3] 5/7 5/22 9/9 
FL [2] 1/17 1/20 
FLORIDA [3] 1/11/1 
1/23 
foregoing [1] 14/14 
foresee [4) 3/10 4/8 7/15 
8/14 
foreseeing (1] 6/8 
form (I] 10/3 
Fort [1] 1/17 
forward [4] 4/8 10/13 
13/10 13/13 
found [1] 4/17 
founding [1] 12/18 
frame [1] 10/9 
Franklin [4] 1/21 14/13 
14/19 14/20 
frankly [1] 5/24 
further [1) 8/3 
G 
genuine [I] 6/11 
gets [3) 3/4 5/21 11/22 
getting [1) 3/14 
give [1) 6/19 
giving [1) 11/6 
goes [2] 8/912/16 
going [23] 
Good [6] 
Government [11] 
Government's [1] 11/18 
granted [I] 3/7 
guess [6] 
H 
hammer [1] 6/23 
happened [1] 11/11 
haven't [1] 10/21 
Health [1] 4/15 
hear [1] 14/2 
heard [3] 517 5/22 7/9 
hearing [6] 
held [2] 8/1 10/19 
help [1] 10/8 
Henderson [2] 1/15 2/8 
here (2) 2/5 6/16 
holidays [1] 3/21 
Honor [22] 
HONORABLE [1] 1/11 
hope [I) 3/16 
Hopefully [1] 9/17 
EFTA00593079
--- PAGE 16 ---
I 
I'd [I) 6/21 
I'm [5) 
I've [2] 5/7 5/22 
identified [1] 5/12 
impression (1] 11/6 
inclination (1] 10/23 
included [1] 5/17 
including [I] 5/17 
Incorporated [1] 4/15 
indulge [1] 9/10 
ingraft [1] 7/23 
initial [1) 11/6 
insofar [1] 8/8 
instance [1] 6/10 
internally [11 2/25 
interrogatories [I] 4/23 
invoke [11 4/19 
involved [I] 7/15 
issue [151 
issues [2] 5/1610/9 
it's [12] 
maybe [4] 3/15 10/15 
13/2 13/9 
me [51 
mean [11 11/15 
meaningfully [4] 6/13 
6/15 6/20 6/23 
mention [1] 8/19 
mentioned [5) 
Merit [I] 14/13 
Miami [1] 1/20 
mid [1] 3/15 
might [2) 7/16 9/15 
mind [1] 2/20 
motion [11] 
motions [11 10/9 
Mr. [141 
Mr. Cassell [2] 9/19 
13/23 
Mr. Edwards [7] 
Mr. Epstein [2) 4/12 
7/15 
Mr. IN [3] 4/7 7/12 
12/12 
much [5] 
only [1] 5/10 
opposing [1] 13/6 
optimistic [1) 3/16 
order [3] 2/1 10/13 
13/13 
orders [1] 3/6 
our [5] 
ourselves [2] 3/19/8 
outcome [1] 11/5 
outside [1] 9/4 
outstanding [1] 9/1 
over [1] 6/16 
overly [1) 3/15 
own [1] 5/1 
P 
page [3] 2/24 3/18 4/24 
paid [1) 4/13 
Palm [2] 1/7 1/23 
parties [5] 
Paul [4] 1/16 2/9 2/22 
8/18 
perhaps [1] 13/7 
PETITIONER [2] 1/4 
1/15 
Petitioners [31 2/10 4124 
13/21 
phase [11 3/8 
picking [1) 12/5 
plan [11 2/22 
planning [1] 10/2 
Plans [1] 4/15 
plays [1] 12/3 
please [2] 2/2 2/12 
point [6] 
position [1] 6/3 
positions [2] 13/12 
13/25 
possible [1] 3/15 
possibly [1] 13/12 
potentially [2] 5/2 8/21 
pre [1] 8/8 
pre-summary [II 8/8 
precisely [11 10/22 
preclude [1) 7/25 
prepare [1) 3/4 
prepared [1] 11/4 
present [2) 2/2412/2 
prior [1] 3/5 
probably [2] 4/6 12/6 
procedural [1] 3/25 
proceed [1) 2/18 
proceeding [2] 7/20 11/3 
proceedings [3] 1/10 
14/10 14/15 
procured [1] 4/12 
produced [11 8/7 
propose [1] 4/21 
proposed [I] 13/10 
propound [1) 4/22 
propounded [1] 10/5 
prosecutor [2] 6/18 6/20 
prosecutor's [1] 6/21 
put [2] 14/4 14/7 
putting [2] 9/6 10/16 
Jaffe [1] 1/16 
JANE [7] 
joined [1) 5/19 
JUDGE [2) 1/12 11/1 
judgment [13] 
judgment's [1) 10/18 
June [I] 4/16 
juries [1] 12./5 
jury [151 
just [181 
K 
KAM [1] 1/2 
KENNETH [I) 1/11 
kind [3] 9/13 10/6 12/3 
know [7] 
knows [2] 7/9 8/23 
L 
laid [1] 5/14 
last [1] 12/16 
later [1] 3/17 
latest [2] 5/20 7/8 
Lauderdale [1] 1/17 
law [1] 12/18 
lead [21 2/20 5/16 
learn [1] 9/22 
least [21 3/13 3/15 
[5] 
less [1] 5/25 
let's [2] 9/3 10/3 
likely [1] 5/16 
limited [5) 
line [1] 3/3 
linger [1) 10/14 
little [1] 12/16 
looking [2] 4/14 6/8 
M 
mail [11 1/23 
MARRA [2] 1/112/6 
material [1] 6/11 
matter [3] 8/20 1217 
14/16 
name [1) 5/19 
narrow [2] 12/8 12/11 
nature [1] 6/7 
necessarily (1] 7/22 
necessary [3] 7/22 9/15 
9/23 
need [11] 
needed [1] 11/10 
needs [2] 10/17 13/10 
next [3) 3/8 4/21 7/25 
no [9] 
nonjury [1] 11/15 
normal (3] 3/20 7/20 
7/21 
North [1) 1/17 
Northeast [1] 1/20 
nothing [3) 7/21 13/19 
13/21 
notice [21 2/1614/2 
November [1] 1/8 
nuance [1] 11/19 
number [5) 
Number 
08.80736-CIV-IWARRA 
[1) 2/6 
number 10 [1] 11/21 
number 2 [1] 6/12 
number 8 [1] 11/21 
number 9 [1] 11/21 
numerous [1) 5/12 
object [1] 8/3 
objected [1] 9/2 
obligation [1] 6/19 
obviously [2] 3/9 3/22 
offense [11 4/18 
offenses [ I] 4/11 
Office [1] 1/19 
Official [1) 1/22 
okay [SI 
one [3] 8/20 10/12 13/3 
R 
raise [1] 12/24 
raised [1] 10/21 
Re [1] 4/15 
read [I] 5/23 
really [3] 7/21 11/19 
11/22 
Realtime [1] 14/14 
reasons [1) 10/12 
recognized [1] 5/10 
record [2] 9/7 14/15 
recruiters [1] 5/15 
referral [1) 4/13 
referring [1] 9/18 
regard [3) 3/63/23 
11/24 
Registered [I] 14/13 
relatively [2] 2/16 11/9 
relevant (1] 4/17 
rely [11 6/18 
remedy [1) 3/8 
Reporter [4] 1/21 1/22 
14/13 14/14 
represent [1] 5/10 
Republic [1] 12/18 
requesting [2) 3/10 3/13 
requests [2] 4/229/1 
require (1] 11/23 
researched [1] 10/21 
resolution [1] 13/3 
resolve [4] 4/36/3 9/5 
12/25 
resolved [1] 3/14 
respective [1] 13/12 
respond [3] 3/20 5/1 
10/7 
RESPONDENT [2] In 
1/18 
Respondents [2] 2/13 
13/19 
response [1] 5/2 
right [19] 
rights [4] 4/19 4/20 7/23 
11/24 
RMR [2] 1/21 14/20 
road [2] 4/5 618 
rules [1] 10/22 
ruling [1] 11/4 
S 
13/12 
Seventh [1] 12/15 
several [1) 3/11 
SFranklinUSDC [1) 
1/23 
short [4) 2/16 4/22 5/1 
14/2 
should [10] 
sidebar [1] 8/21 
sides (2) 13/8 14/3 
sideshow [1] 9/13 
similarly [1] 5/11 
since [31 6/19 11/3 12/23 
sir [21 7/5 13/1 
situated [1] 5/11 
somebody [1] 12/19 
someone (1] 4/18 
something (10) 
sounds [1] 11/25 
SOUTHERN [1] 1/1 
specific [3] 4/23 9/22 
11/22 
Specifically [I) 4/11 
stage [1] 3/8 
standpoint [I) 7/10 
state [1] 2/7 
STATES [5) 
STATUS [1] 1/10 
statute [2] 6/24 12/20 
step [1] 7/25 
Stephen [4] 1/21 14/13 
14/19 14/20 
straight [1) 8/10 
Street [2] 1/20 1/22 
strictly [1) 3/5 
stuck [I] 3125 
submit (2] 12/21 14/7 
such [1] 9/10 
suggest [I) 10/15 
Suite [I] 1/17 
summary [14] 
summer [1] 3/15 
supposed [1] 10/11 
sure [4] 2/203/5 8/25 
8/25 
surface [1] 8/22 
surprised [I] 5/24 
T 
Q 
quickly [1] 11/9 
same [1] 8/8 
[2] 1/19 2/13 
say 171 
saying [1) 11/5 
says [1] 6/14 
schedule [3] 10/17 11/8 
13/10 
scheduling [1] 10/13 
scheme [1] 5/14 
scope [1) 12/8 
seal [2) 9/119/12 
seams [1] 10/9 
seated [1] 2/2 
seems [1] 3/2 
send [1) 13/6 
separate [I) 11/3 
set [4] 2/25 10/13 13/3 
table [1] 10/2 
take [10] 
taken [1) 11/12 
taking [2] 2/206/12 
talk [31 6/22 9124 10/20 
talked [1] 6/16 
talking (1] 8/24 
technically [I] 9/11 
telephone [1] 2/9 
tell [31 2/19 2/22 13/11 
terms [2] 11/11 13/6 
testify [2] 12/2 12/7 
Thank [6] 
that's [16] 
themselves [1] 4/12 
there's [4] 4/9 5/20 7/20 
10/10 
therefore [11 12/21 
they're [I) 6/18 
EFTA00593080
--- PAGE 17 ---
T 
things (2) 12/5 13/11 
think [21] 
third [1] 9/4 
those [2] 10/9 12/5 
though [1) 9/11 
thought [3] 2/16 2/18 
12/24 
three [2] 12/6 14/7 
threw [1) 3/24 
thus [1] 5/9 
timetable [1] 6/1 
today [6] 
today's [1) 5/22 
together [6] 
told [1] 8/4 
too 111 12/10 
top [1] 5/14 
traction [1) 5/21 
transcript [2] 1/10 
14/15 
trial [12) 
trying [1] 9/8 
two [2] 12/614/6 
type [1] 13/9 
typically [I) 7/19 
U 
U.S [1] 2/14 
ultimate [1] 11/5 
ultimately [1] 11/23 
under [5] 
underlying [1) 7/14 
undisputed [1) 11/10 
UNITED [5] 
upon [2] 6/18 12/15 
us [1] 3/7 
V 
versus [1] 2/5 
very [4] 2/23 4/22 12/8 
12/11 
victim [6] 
victims [10] 
violated [1) 11/24 
wait [1] 14/2 
want [3) 5/4 8/8 8/21 
wanted [3] 4/1 6/6 8/5 
we'd [1] 9/9 
we'll [4) 9/23 14/2 14/7 
14/7 
we're [9] 
week [1) 4/22 
weeks [2] 14/5 14/7 
Weissing [1] 1/16 
well [10] 
Wellcare [1] 4/15 
West [2] 1/71/23 
what's [1] 11/10 
whatever [2] 10/17 
13/10 
where [3] 2/17 4/3 6/25 
whether IS] 
why [41 2/19 10/12 11/2 
13/6 
wish [1] 12/1 
within [1] 4/21 
without [1] 9/5 
women [1] 4/12 
wondering [2) 4/1 11/7 
work [31 3/22 9/8 13/5 
worked [1] 9/15 
wouldn't [1] 11/2 
V 
yeah [1] 14/6 
years [1] 3/17 
yes [81 
you're [2] 8/24 10/11 
young [1] 4/12 
EFTA00593081

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593082.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593082.pdf
----------------------------------------
MUCH =us onto fet.set 
N Pages 1 
11/86/2815, 3117Pli 
Official Records of 
ST THOMAS/ST J 
ERICA DOVER, 
RECORDER OF D 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRIMMINNANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS & ST. JOHN 
********************************** 
GREAT ST. .JIM, LLC 
CIVIL NO. 592 / 2015 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
► 
ACTION FOR BREACH OF 
I 
CONTRACT 
CHRISTIAN KJAER and 
GSJ PROPERTIES, CORP., 
► 
JURY TRIAL 
Defendants. 
NOTICE OF LIS PENDENS 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that Plaintiff GREAT ST. JIM, LLC. by and through 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC, has commenced an action in the Superior Court of the 
Virgin Islands. Division of St. Thomas & St. John. for the breach of real estate sales contract. 
The premises covered and subject to the Mortgage and the foreclosure thereof are described as 
follows: 
Parcels A, B-1, B-2, C-1 and C-2 Great St. James Island 
St. Thomas, Virgin Islands 
As shown on P.W.D. Drawing No. D9-2825-T84 
Consisting of 80.7 acres. 32.7 acres. 8.25 acres, 32.7 acres and 8.25 acres. 
Dated: November 
, 2015 
Respectfully, 
84r44
CHRISTO 
R ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
VI Bar Noses 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
St. Thomas USVI 00802-3602 
Telephone 
Facsimile: 
Email: 
0E4LENISTO2 #34303 
EFTA00593082

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593083.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593083.pdf
----------------------------------------
T'S COMPUTER SERVICES 
Sectote 
Invoice No: 
Date: 
August 25, 2015 
Terms: 
NET 0 
Due Date: 
August 25, 2015 
Bill To: 
LSJE, LLC 
St Thomas. VI 00802-1348 
St Thomas. VI 00801 
Description 
Quantity 
Rate 
Amount 
Ruckus 7731 802.11a/n bridge vd Poe injector and upgraded firmware 
premium support package. 
and 
$3,250.00 
$3,250.00 
Plenum outdoor network cable and connectors 
$350.00 
$350.00 
Installation, setup and configuration 
$75.00 
$450.00 
• Indicates non-taxable hem 
Please note that I can get the old one refurbished for a spare. Which 
Subtotal 
$4,050.00 
will cost $1000.00 and take 2 weeks not counting shipping. 
TAX (0.00%) 
$0.00 
Total 
$4,050.00 
Paid 
$0.00 
BALANCE DUE 
$4,O5O.OO 
EFTA00593083

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593084.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593084.pdf
----------------------------------------
AlA PAINTING AND PRESSURE CLEANING 
est Palm Beach Fl. 33404 
Email: 
To 
Fax 
Palm Beach Fl. 
SALESPERSON 
DATE: JANUARY 8, 2016 
JOB 
PAYMENT TERMS 
Driveway and windows 
$3,000 Deposit, balance at completion 
DESCRIPTION 
Replace about 87 stone driveway pavers with new cast stone. 
We will remove and replace with 2 inch packing sand, concrete and wire to 
prevent moving and cracking. Fill new pea gravel 
OR T--vs-7--. /9 g 
e 77602_02. 
Work on windows to get them to open. Will need to match paint for touchup. 
Fix two doors do not close. $75.00 
$75.00 per window 
Clean driveway short wall, columns and stone walk on left side of home. 
Deposit required before ordering new stone. 
Quotation prepared by: 
Darin Gioeli  
LINE TOTAL 
$5,800.00 
$300.00 
To accept this quotation, sign here and return:  
EFTA00593084

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593085.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593085.pdf
----------------------------------------
VALAR 
Vt.NTURtU 
Valor Global Fund II LP Capital Call 
February 10, 2017 
Dear Southern Trust Company. Inc.. 
Thank you again for your partnership in Valor Global Fund II LP (the Fund). The Fund is calling 
capital from you in the amount of $1,500.000.00, which represents 10% of your total commitment 
of $15.000.000.00. This capital contribution is due on or before Friday March 3, 2017. 
After this capitol contribution, you will have contributed 91% of your total commitment with a 
remaining 9% of total unfunded commitment, which is detailed below. 
Total Commitment: 
Total Contributions as of March 3, 2017: 
Total Unfunded Commitment: 
$15,000,000.00 
$13,650,000.00 
$1,350.000.00 
Please wire your funds in accordance with the following instructions: 
Due Date: 
Amount Due: 
Bank Name: 
ABA#: 
Beneficiary Name: 
Beneficiary Account: 
Friday March 3, 2017 
$1,500,000.00 
Silicon Valley Bank 
Valor Global Fund II LP 
If you should have any questions regarding this information, please feel free to contact me at 
Sincerely, 
Reuben Kobulnik 
COO/CFO 
+1 
VOiO1 Ventures LLC 
New York, New York 10010 www.valar.com 
EFTA00593085

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593086.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593086.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cengine 
Cengine blends human and artificial intelligence together to create CensTM -
(Intelligent Avatars) and uses real time communication to make the worlds 
first Al marketplace. 
Confidential © Cengine 2016 
EFTA00593086
--- PAGE 2 ---
Founding Team 
James Tagg 
James Tagg is a serial entrepreneur 
specializing in man/machine interfaces 
and 
communications. 
He 
was 
instrumental in developing the first 
touchscreens and built the first mobile 
VoIP and Messaging products for 
smartphones. James Tagg made the 
first ever IP mobile phone call on an 
iPhone at Demo in 2008. He holds over 
200 
patents 
and 
has 
written 
extensively about the relation between 
human intelligence and computer 
intelligence. 
Erik Viirre M.D. Ph.D. 
Erik Viirre M.D. Ph.D. is a Professor 
at the University of California, San 
Diego (UCSD) in the Departments of 
Neurosciences, Surgery and Cognitive 
Science. His scientific interests include 
vision, hearing and the vestibular 
system and higher cognitive function. 
He has published a broad range of 
research and is currently researching 
AI medical diagnosis. Dr Viirre led the 
medical team that enabled Stephen 
Hawking to experience weightlessness. 
Confidential © Cengine 2016 
EFTA00593087
--- PAGE 3 ---
Problem 
• Artificial Intelligence (AI) often struggles with problems that 
Human Intelligence (HI) finds relatively easy. 
• AI fails catastrophically when it exceeds one of its limit, yet it is 
often not aware it is struggling! 
• AI failure can be frustrating - customer support systems, or 
dangerous - medical diagnosis. 
Confidential © Cengine 2016 
EFTA00593088
--- PAGE 4 ---
Solution 
• When an AI nears its cognitive limit - the boundary of its known 
domain - we need a way to tell if it is about to fail and allow 
humans to seamlessly intervene. 
• Our technique detects when we need to move from an application 
of AI to the use of HI in real time and preemptively. 
Confidential © Cengine 2016 
EFTA00593089
--- PAGE 5 ---
Technology 
• We are developing a mathematical tool to detect when an AI is 
about to fail, but training such a system is difficult. 
• We have realized a practical shortcut exists using communication 
tools to bring humans into the mix based on the measure of 
empathy and engagement. 
• Using multi-mode interaction we can train AI systems using 
humans, gradually reducing the need for human participation. 
• For systems that will always need a human for safety and ethical 
concerns, this builds a Human Artificial Intelligence hybrid, a 
CenTM. 
Confidential © Cengine 2016 
EFTA00593090
--- PAGE 6 ---
UA 
LE 
Interface 
Moderating Human 
a llF" ti 
metft, 
Predicted probability of Intervention 
Confidential © Cengine 2016 
EFTA00593091
--- PAGE 7 ---
Interface Activity 
Human.Jane Avatar.Fred 
AA 
• A human monitors the interaction 
between a human user and an avatar. 
They can see video, hear audio and see 
the natural language parser text 
generated by the AI in original language 
or translation. 
• The moderating human has information 
on the logical complexity of the 
transaction and the emotional empathy 
in the transaction. The emotional 
empathy includes tone of voice as well 
as face and body language cues. 
• A single human can monitor many 
transactions. When a transaction looks 
like it is failing they can step in. 
• This creates a training set. 
Confidential © Cengine 2016 
EFTA00593092
--- PAGE 8 ---
Human Intervention Types 
• Humans can override at a number of points 
• Before the response, using the 
mathematical predictor 
• After the response, using the emotional 
response of the user (not so good) 
• Human can override 
• In Background 
• Answer as the avatar 
• Improve the model or data 
• Step into the foreground 
• Answer as Manager 'Let me get my 
manager' 
• Consultant (in medical context) 
UA 
Confidential © Cengine 2016 
EFTA00593093
--- PAGE 9 ---
Example: Let me get my Manager 
AA 
• If the task gets too complex and the 
rapport has broken down between 
Avatar and Human, the AI can bring 
their 'manager' in. 
• One of the moderating humans that 
has been monitoring a set of 
conversations comes into the chat and 
replaces the AI for a while. 
• The User interface keeps track and 
redistributes the work amongst other 
human assistants. 
Confidential © Cengine 2016 
EFTA00593094
--- PAGE 10 ---
Human Skill Marketplace 
• Moderators join the human skills unit to form a community of 
suppliers rather like Airbnb, although the skills are far more 
specific. 
• These moderators train the AI and catch errors. 
• The more they train, the more 'blocks' they earn, giving them a 
share in future revenue generated by the AI version of themselves. 
• They are also paid for error correction work and providing 
oversight. 
• For many tasks human input is always needed for reasons of 
ethics, safety, oversight and the assumption that AIs will always 
struggle with new scenarios. 
• HI is different to AI and our aim is to make them work well 
together. 
Confidential © Cengine 2016 
to 
EFTA00593095
--- PAGE 11 ---
Applications 
First Products 
• Personal Friend (Chat bot) 
• Very first product is just a friend (character to help lonely 
people. In app purchases may provide some monetization.) 
• Medical counselling chat bot is the first paid product. 
• Performs the job of a clinician force multiplier, allowing one 
doctor to see multiple patients at the same time. 
Further Applications 
• The technology can be applied to low risk applications first 
• Personal helper 
• Customer service 
• Low intensity medical diagnosis 
• The training should generalize to higher risk applications 
• Driverless cars 
• Higher intensity medical diagnosis 
Confidential © Cengine 2016 
EFTA00593096
--- PAGE 12 ---
Differentiation & Value creation 
• We are building an AI / HI hybrid able to interact with problems 
in real time. 
• We will build a large data set of situations where an HI/AI 
decision needs to be made, as well as the algorithms to select 
appropriate reactions. 
• Participation in this HI / AI hybrid is on an open basis rather like 
Airbnb. Moderators log in to add their HI to an AI task. We build 
community and user /supplier base. 
• We are also targeting more specialized problems such as medical 
diagnosis and counselling which involve high $ per hour values 
($1000-$1500). Rather than more general problems. 
Confidential © Cengine 2016 
EFTA00593097
--- PAGE 13 ---
Finances 
• We are seeking an initial investment of £5m c. $6.25m. 
• The funds will be used to build and launch the communications AI 
HI market place, and ready the product for trials in medical 
counselling / diagnosis assistance and training. 
• One trained doctor could simultaneously handle up to 4 patients 
using our system. Given costs run between $1000 and $1500 per 
hour for this sort of professional there is a large opportunity. There 
is also huge shortages of skills in these areas and growing demand. 
Confidential © Cengine 2016 
EFTA00593098
--- PAGE 14 ---
Contact 
James Tagg 
CEO 
Confidential © Cengine 2016 
EFTA00593099

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593100.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593100.pdf
----------------------------------------
12129!14.12:01 PM 
DATE 
DESCRIPTION 
CARD MEMBER 
AMOUNT'S 
SAT, DEC 27 
AMERICAN EXPRESS TVLPHOENIX AZ 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
DOING BUSINESS AS 
DELTA AIR LINES 
MERCHANT ADDRESS 
ATLANTA AIRPORT, ATLANTA, 
GA 30320 UNITED STATES 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
.123209 AIRLINE/AIR CARRIER 
REFERENCE NUMBER 
.320143620337051425 
CATEGORY 
.TRAVEL - AIRLINE 
FROM 
TO 
CARRIER 
CLASS 
PUERTO VALLARTA ATLANTA HARTSFIELD 
DL 
LONDON HEATHROW AP DL 
D 
N/A 
DL 
TICKET NUMBER 
DATE OF DEPARTURE, 
PASSENGER NAME 
DOCUMENT TYPE 
00675148110733 
1/02 
PASSENGER TICKET 
DELTA AIR LINES INC. 
DISPUTE! INQUIRE ABOUT THIS CHARGE 
3,191.93 
https://online.americanexpress.com/myca/acctmgmt/usienien_US/summary/AcctMgmtROCPrint.jsp 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00593100

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593101.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593101.pdf
----------------------------------------
nan Moseley 
ssociates, Inc. 
Land Surveyors & Consultants 
Labor 
Categories 
Billing Rate/hr* 
Principal 
$195 
Project Manager 
$145 
Registered Land Surveyor 
$135 
Party Chief 
$95 
CAD Technician 
$85 
Clerical 
$60 
Rod Worker 
$60 
Expert Witness Rates 
Billing Rate/hr* 
Pre-trial Preparation 
$195 
Testimony, Sequestered, Depositions 
and Travel 
$250 
Preparation of Reports, Certificates, 
Affidavits, etc. 
$175 
Direct Costs 
CADD/PC use 
$20.00/hr 
Total Station 
$20.00/hr 
GPS; RTK 
$70.00/hr 
Vehicle 
$85.00/day 
Off-island transportation 
At Cost 
* Overtime rates apply for services performed beyond regular business hours, 
holidays, and weekends. 
Rates valid thru December 31, 2016 
Subject to change without prior notice unless determined by contract. 
ST. THOMAS. VI 00802 
PHONE 
FAX 
EFTA00593101

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593102.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593102.pdf
----------------------------------------
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC - Art to be contributed to AP Narrows LP - 2.4.16 
Item ID 
Artist 
Title or Description 
Appraised Value' 
5TCPV 
ALTDORFER. ALBRECHT 
A Landscape with Two Pine Trees in the Center 
80.000 
5C2WG 
AVERY. MILTON 
Beach Umbrellas 
125.000 
3XJK8 
AVERY. MILTON 
Birds and Sea 
8.000 
3XJK5 
AVERY. MILTON 
Early Spring 
500.000 
3Z3F6 
AVERY. MILTON 
Head of a Man 
1.500 
3XJHV 
AVERY. MILTON 
Man, Rocks and Sea 
100.000 
7SLW8 
AVERY, MILTON 
Mottled Hills 
20,000 
3XJBS 
AVERY, MILTON 
Nude Meditating 
3,000 
3XJK9 
AVERY, MILTON 
Striped Drape 
4,000 
3YKC2 
AVERY. MILTON 
Two Nudes 
3.000 
4GXJM 
BALDUNG. HANS 
Group of Seven Horses 
50.000 
3XJKC 
BARYE. ANTOINE-LOUIS 
Cheval Turc 
20.000 
3XJBV 
BARYE. ANTOINE-LOUIS 
Guerrier tartare arretant son cheval 
10.000 
5C6RG 
BARYE. ANTOINE-LOUIS 
Lion qui marche 
8.000 
3XJBW 
BARYE, ANTOINE-LOUIS 
Thesee combattant le centaur Bienor 
10,000 
3XJKD 
BARYE. ANTOINE-LOUIS 
Tigre qui marche 
8.000 
7JNK3 
BASKIN. LEONARD 
Dutch Artist 
2.500 
3XJHW 
BEARDSLEY. AUBREY 
The Achieving of the Sanqreal 
375.000 
3Y47J 
BECKMANN, MAX 
Acrobat 
150.000 
3XJJ2 
BECKMANN, MAX 
Bei der Toilette (At the Toilette) 
45.000 
3XJHZ 
BECKMANN, MAX 
Fastnacht 
10,000 
3YKD4 
BECKMANN, MAX 
In der Trambahn 
15.000 
3XJJ4 
BECKMANN, MAX 
Kasbek 
350.000 
3XJJ3 
BECKMANN, MAX 
Kasbek (H. 281: G. 245) 
50.000 
4CXVQ 
BECKMANN, MAX 
Kleines Rosenstilleben mit blauem Spiegel 
1,000.000 
3XJBX 
BECKMANN, MAX 
Sacre Coeur 
85.000 
3XJHV 
BECKMANN, MAX 
Schlangendame 
15.000 
3XJHX 
BECKMANN, MAX 
Selbstbildnis mit Steifem Hut 
200.000 
5C4R8 
BECKMANN, MAX 
Vor dem Auttritt 
6.000 
5C457 
BELLOWS. GEORGE WESLEY 
A Staq at Sharkey's 
120.000 
3ZBBT 
BELLOWS. GEORGE WESLEY 
Dempsey and Firpo 
120.000 
3XJBY 
BELLOWS. GEORGE WESLEY 
Old Billiard Player 
10.000 
4CXVR 
BELLOWS. GEORGE WESLEY 
The Pool-Player 
30.000 
7N6Q6 
BLAKE. WILLIAM 
Illustrations of the Book of Job 
100,000 
3Z3CW 
BONNARD. PIERRE 
Marthe sur un divan 
350.000 
3Z3F7 
BOURDELLE. EMILE ANTOINE 
Heracles Archer 
125.000 
3XJC3 
BOURDELLE. EMILE ANTOINE 
Penelope 
30.000 
3XJDF 
BRESDIN, RODOLPHE 
A Battle Scene 
150.000 
3XJDG 
BRESDIN, RODOLPHE 
A Lion Hunt 
150.000 
Page 1 
EFTA00593102
--- PAGE 2 ---
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC - Art to be contributed to AP Narrows LP - 2.4.16 
Item ID 
Artist 
Title or Description 
Appraised Value' 
69KCT 
BRUEGEL THE ELDER, PIETER 
The Rabbit Hunt 
900.000 
4CXVK 
BURNE-JONES. EDWARD 
Lamar the move it sole e l'altre stelle 
1,500.000 
3XJDL 
BURNE-JONES. EDWARD 
Sir Galahad 
250.000 
3Z3D8 
CHASSERIAU, THEODORE 
Petit Couloughi, teint d'ambre (Jeune algerian d'ascendance turque) 
(recto): paysage (verso) 
200.000 
3YKDD 
CHIRINO, MARTIN 
Cabenza 
7.000 
3Z3CX 
CHIRINO. MARTIN 
Espiral 
5.000 
4GXJZ 
CHIRINO. MARTIN 
Oology 
30.000 
3XJKH 
CLEMENTE, FRANCESCO 
Untitled (Jamaican Watercolor) 
85.000 
69KCZ 
CONSTABLE. JOHN 
Cloud Study 
400.000 
4GWYM 
CONSTABLE. JOHN 
Cloud Study (redo): Suffolk Landscape with a Cloudy Sky (verso) 
350.000 
6XV7S 
COROT. JEAN-BAPTISTE-CAMILLE 
Vue de Volterra 
100.000 
3Y47Q 
DAVIS. STUART 
Artist in Search of a Model 
400.000 
3ZBJR 
DAVIS. STUART 
Study for Proposed Mural. United Nations Conference Room 3 
300.000 
3XJKJ 
DAVIS. STUART 
The Sidelong Glance 
60.000 
73W72 
DAVIS. STUART 
Woman Standing in the Alley (Hoboken Series) 
20.000 
3XJC5 
DEGAS. EDGAR 
Danseuse mettant son bas 
400,000 
3XJC8 
DERAIN, ANDRE 
Femme nue 
3,000 
5C2WC 
DERAIN. ANDRE 
Paysage avec figures 
350.000 
3XJC7 
DERAIN. ANDRE 
Profil de femme 
1.000 
66783 
DIX, OTTO 
Marry, auf einem Stuhl sitzender weiblicher Akt 
125.000 
3Z3CY 
VAN DONGEN, KEES 
Femme a sa toilette 
85.000 
3XJCX 
DOVE. ARTHUR 
Untitled Centerport V 
60.000 
4GWYY 
DUBUFFET, JEAN 
Table au couvert dresse 
125,000 
STFDS 
DURER, ALBRECHT 
The Three Large Woodcut Series: The Apocalypse.The Life of the Virgin, 
The Large Passion 
600.000 
4GWYO 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Nemesis - The Great Fortune 
200.000 
7SLTJ 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Mon pere mort 
70.000 
69KC8 
ENSOR, JAMES 
Alimentation doctrinaire: First Plate 
120.000 
6362575 
ENSOR, JAMES 
Alimentation doctrinaire: Second Plate 
80.000 
69KDS 
ENSOR, JAMES 
La Belgique au XIXe siecle 
50.000 
69KDT 
ENSOR, JAMES 
Le Combat des pouilleux Desir et Rissole 
70.000 
69KDV 
ENSOR, JAMES 
Les Bains d'Ostende 
120.000 
3XJC9 
ENSOR. JAMES 
Mon atelier 
85.000 
6XTFR 
ENSOR. JAMES 
The Entry of Christ into Brussels in 1889 on the Day of Mardi Gras 
120.000 
3Y47D 
GAINSBOROUGH, THOMAS 
Wooded Landscape with Figures Outside a Cottage 
200.000 
3XJFG 
GERICAULT, THEODORE 
Black Stallion in a Stable 
1,000.000 
6BT8W 
GILLOT. CLAUDE 
Celebration en l'honneur du dieu Pan 
220.000 
Page 2 
EFTA00593103
--- PAGE 3 ---
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC - Art to be contributed to AP Narrows LP - 2.4.16 
Item ID 
Artist 
Title or Description 
Appraised value' 
69KDM 
GIMHONGSOK 
Canine Construction 
90.000 
4D9JP 
GORKY. ARSHILE 
Nighttime. Enigma and Nostalgia 
400.000 
4GPRM 
GORKY. ARSHILE 
Study for 'Blue Figure in Chair' (Study after Picasso) 
50.000 
3YKCM 
GORKY. ARSHILE 
Study for Slue Figure in Chair' (Study after Picasso) 
45.000 
3YKC8 
GORMLEY. ANTONY 
Landing 
450.000 
4CXVP 
GORMLEY. ANTONY 
Seeing and Showing 
450.000 
5RSLH 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
El Gayumbo (Bull Held by Cord) 
10.000.000 
3YKCN 
GOYA, FRANCISCO DE 
The Bulls of Bordeaux 
1.200.000 
4GWZ3 
HALS. FRANS 
Portrait of a Gentleman, half length, in a black hat 
3,000,000 
3XJD3 
HARTLEY, MARSDEN 
Calla Lillies 
300,000 
3XJD4 
HARTLEY. MARSDEN 
The Fish 
100.000 
3Z3DL 
HUGO. VICTOR 
A Figure Passing in the Horizon. a Gothic Chapel in the Foreground 
300.000 
3XJGD 
INGRES. JEAN-AUGUSTE-DOMINIQUE 
Mother and child (study for the 'Martyrdom of Saint Symphorien') 
150.000 
3XJGJ 
KIRCHNER, ERNST LUDWIG 
Artistenkind (Halbakt) 
50.000 
3XJGK 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Billiardspieler 
90.000 
4D9JX 
KIRCHNER, ERNST LUDWIG 
Kopf Ludwig Schames 
80,000 
3Z3CZ 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Lieqende akt auf dem Sofa 
40.000 
3XJGH 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Tanzerin mit Gehobenem Rock 
100.000 
STCRW 
KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 5 - Charme 
50.000 
4GX7H 
KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 2 - Der Held mit dem Flugel 
150.000 
45SWC 
KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 9 - Greiser Phoenix 
120.000 
6XTFP 
KLEE, PAUL 
Invention 8 - Perseus (Der Witz hat uber das Leid gesiegt) 
70,000 
45SWD 
KLEE. PAUL 
Invention 1-II. Weib un Tier-Fassunq 
250.000 
3XJGN 
KLIMT. GUSTAV 
Sitzender Akt mit hoher Frisur 
175.000 
5TCK9 
KLIMT. GUSTAV 
Liegende nach rchts 
300.000 
5TCL3 
KLIMT, GUSTAV 
Liegende mit angewinkelten Armen 
175.000 
6XTGD 
KUBIN. ALFRED 
Der Schwarm 
140.000 
6XV7B 
LA FOSSE. CHARLES DE 
A mounted soldier, seen from behind 
400.000 
STDQL 
LENNON. JOHN 
Autograph manuscript of John Lennon's lyrics for "A Day in the Lite" 
1.250.000 
5TDQC 
LONG. RICHARD 
Cornish Slate Cross 
350.000 
5TDO2 
LONG. RICHARD 
Sun Line 
450.000 
4GX8F 
LORRAIN. CLAUDE 
View of Ciyitacecchia with a Draughtsman and Figures: and View of Santa 
Marinella with Riders on Horseback 
2.000.000 
4CXVN 
MAILLOL. ARISTIDE 
Eve a la pomme 
300.000 
5C455 
MOORE, HENRY 
Seated Woman on Bench 
1.000.000 
3XJHG 
MUNCH. EDVARD 
Eifursucht (grosse Fassung) 
70.000 
3YKCY 
MUNCH, EDVARD 
Vampyre II 
1,200,000 
3XJHH 
NOLDE. EMIL 
Junqes Paar 
250.000 
3XJHK 
NOLDE. EMIL 
Junqes Paar 
180.000 
4D9JL 
NOLDE. EMIL 
Junqes Paar 
250.000 
Page 3 
EFTA00593104
--- PAGE 4 ---
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC - Art to be contributed to AP Narrows LP - 2.4.16 
Item ID 
Artist 
Title or Description 
Appraised Value* 
5C4R7 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Paysage 
3.500.000 
6D7PX 
PICASSO. PABLO 
Tete moustachue 
5.000.000 
3Z6Y5 
PRUD'HON. PIERRE-PAUL 
Portrait de Madame Peen de Saint-Gilles 
700.000 
3Z3DZ 
REDON. ODILON 
After Edgar A. Poe 
80.000 
3XJJB 
REDON. ODILON 
Beatrice 
600.000 
4GXJF 
REMBRANDT 
Christ crucified between two thieves: The Three Crosses (superb 
impression of the third state) 
2.500.000 
69KD3 
REMBRANDT 
Landscape with Three Gabled Cottages Beside a Road 
350.000 
4GXJD 
REMBRANDT 
The Three Trees 
600.000 
4GWYT 
SERRA. RICHARD 
Solid No. 11 
350.000 
4GXJL 
SERRA, RICHARD 
Solid No. 13 
350.000 
4GWYS 
SERRA, RICHARD 
Solid No. 3 
350.000 
6XTFT 
SMITH. DAVID 
Untitled 
425.000 
3XJJV 
TISSOT. JAMES 
La soeur ainee 
250.000 
3XJCR 
TWACHTMAN. JOHN HENRY 
Irises 
20.000 
5TCL8 
VALDES, MANOLO 
Ariadna I 
450.000 
7JNKV 
VUILLARD. EDOUARD 
Le Mannequin 
70.000 
3XJC6 
VUILLARD. EDOUARD 
A fond de train' 
400.000 
3XJCT 
VUILLARD. EDOUARD 
Dr. Quiserne 
50.000 
4GPRN 
WESSELMANN. TOM 
Nude with Floral Wall (Large. Black) 
300.000 
4GX7O 
ZHANG HUAN 
Airplanes 
175.000 
4GX7R 
ZHANG HUAN 
Ash Skull No. 14 
90.000 
4GX7N 
ZHANG HUAN 
Broomcorn Field (from the Memory Door series) 
45.000 
4GX7M 
ZHANG HUAN 
Handicraftsman (from the Memory Door series) 
45.000 
4GX7P 
ZHANG HUAN 
Stairs (from the Memory Door series) 
45.000 
Total 
55,900,000 
* Numbers in italics indicate purchase price. 
Page 4 
EFTA00593105

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593106.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593106.pdf
----------------------------------------
APO-01 DECLARATION - Art to be contributed to AP Narrows LP - 2.4.16 
Item ID 
Artist 
Title or Description 
Appraised 
Value' 
3XJK7 
AVERY. MILTON 
Conversation 
2.000.000 
7W2VP 
BALLA. GIACOMO 
Volo di Rondini 
600.000 
7NNHV 
BAROCCI. FEDERICO 
Head of a Young Girl 
600,000 
6XTGG 
BECKMANN. MAX 
Studie Zu Malepartus 
650.000 
4B6G9 
BLAKE. WILLIAM 
Christ the Mediator (Christ pleading before the Father for St. Mary 
1.200.000 
7N8NP 
BRUEGHEL THE ELDER. JAN 
Fishing Vessels on a Calm Sea off a Distant Promontory 
300.000 
7SLSS 
CORNELL. JOSEPH 
Medici Slot Machine 
7.000.000 
7SLT2 
CORNELL, JOSEPH 
Untitled (Penny Arcade Portrait of Lauren Bacall) 
4,500,000 
45SWR 
DEGAS, EDGAR 
Le pas battu 
3.500,000 
4B6G7 
DEGAS, EDGAR 
Les repasseuses (Ironing Women) 
850,000 
6356945 
DUCHAMP, MARCEL 
La Boite-en-valise, Series A, Untitled 
3,000,000 
7VY9G 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Hierinn sind begriffen vier Helier von menschlicher Proportion 
129.750 
7W2VC 
DURER. ALBRECHT 
Rhinoceros 
1,200,000 
7N8T3 
EECKHOUT, GERBRAND VAN DEN 
A Seated African Holding a Parasol 
700,000 
6XV8B 
GAINSBOROUGH. THOMAS 
Portrait of Caroline, 4th Dutchess of Marlborough 
3.000,000 
7HWK8 
GAINSBOROUGH. THOMAS 
Study of a Lady. Possibly for the Richmond Water-Walk 
3.200.000 
7HWJX 
GERICAULT. THEODORE 
La Processacion de Silene (recto): Etude de Femme Nue Assise (verso) 
220.000 
6XT3S 
GERICAULT. THEODORE 
Study For the Father in the Raft of the Medusa (recto); Two Studies for the 
700,000 
7N8SR 
GHEYN II. JACQUES DE 
A Bird's Eye View of a Canal with an Arched Bridge 
1.600,000 
7N8RW 
GHEYN II, JACQUES DE 
A Large Beech. Partly in Leaf 
2.000,000 
3XJFL 
GIACOMETTI. ALBERTO 
Figure moyenne II 
17.500.000 
73LRB 
GOYA. FRANCISCO DE 
La Tauromaguia 
1.000.000 
7JP2Y 
GROTJAHN. MARK 
Untitled (Solid Cream Butterfly Drawing in Two Parts) 
350.000 
7NNHM 
GUERCINO, IL (GIOVANNI BATTISTA 
Reclining Nude Youth Seen From Behind 
1,000,000 
73LR5 
HECKEL. ERICH 
Mannerbildnis 
150.000 
7N8QL 
JORDAENS. JACOB 
The Head of a Piper: Study for As the Old Sang. So the Young Pipe 
200.000 
4GPH5 
KAPOOR. ANISH 
Untitled 
1.250.000 
4B6G5 
KIRCHNER, ERNST LUDWIG 
Die Siesta (The Siesta- Botho Graef and Hugo Blallowons) 
35,000 
4B6GL 
KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
Madchen im Raum (Ema) (Woman in a Room) 
250.000 
7HWJT 
KIRCHNER, ERNST LUDWIG 
Standing Nude with Crossed Arms 
25,000 
5CPN2 
KIRCHNER, ERNST LUDWIG 
Strassenszene (der Omnibus) (Street Scene - the Omnibus, Berlin) 
30,000 
7XFY9 
KUBIN. ALFRED 
Boy Playing 
85,000 
7XFY8 
KUBIN. ALFRED 
Carnival 
250.000 
7XFYF 
KUBIN. ALFRED 
The Volcano 
140.000 
7XFYB 
KUBIN. ALFRED 
Untitled (Forward) 
85.000 
7XFYJ 
KUBIN. ALFRED 
Weber Portfolio 
2.000 
7XFYG 
KUBIN, ALFRED 
Weeping Trees 
200,000 
4B6GP 
LICHTENSTEIN. ROY 
Nude with Abstract Painting 
25.000,000 
3YKCT 
LIOTARD. JEAN-ETIENNE 
Femme turque au tambourin 
2.000,000 
69MDV 
MALEVICH, KAZIMIR 
Composition in Dissolution: Composition 10a 
50,000 
6BYPG 
MANZONI, PIERO 
Achrome 
2.500,000 
Page 1 
EFTA00593106
--- PAGE 2 ---
APO-01 DECLARATION - Art to be contributed to AP Narrows LP - 2.4.16 
Item ID 
Artist 
Title or Description 
Appraised 
Value' 
4B6G4 
MATTA. ROBERTO 
San titre 
180.000 
3XJH4 
MATISSE, HENRI 
Amphitrite 
17,500,000 
7SLSR 
MATISSE. HENRI 
Nu aux souliers roses 
2.500.000 
69MK5 
MATISSE, HENRI 
Nu de dos. 4eme etat 
50,000.000 
69MK8 
MIRO, JOAN 
Untitled 
850,000 
73LR3 
NOLDE, EMIL 
Junges Paar 
250,000 
73LR4 
NOLDE, EMIL 
Tanzer n 
400,000 
6351328 
ORSI, LELIO (ATTRIBUTED TO) 
Jonas rejete par la baleine 
40,000 
7JNTR 
PENONE, GIUSEPPE 
Tra scorza e scorza (Between Bark and Bark) 
2,000.000 
45SWG 
PICASSO, PABLO 
La femme qui pleure I 
3,000,000 
45SWF 
PICASSO, PABLO 
La Minotauromachie 
2,500,000 
7VY99 
REDON, ODILON 
A Edgar Poe 
80,000 
6BVHW 
RUSCHA, ED 
Egg 
450,000 
7SLW7 
SACKS, PETER 
Aftermath (Mandela) 
130,000 
7SR5K 
SACKS, PETER 
Ulysses 1 
9,000 
7SR5L 
SACKS, PETER 
Ulysses 2 
9,000 
7SR5M 
SACKS, PETER 
Ulysses 3 
9,000 
7SR5N 
SACKS, PETER 
Ulysses 4 
9.000 
7SR5P 
SACKS, PETER 
Ulysses 5 
9.000 
7SR63 
SACKS, PETER 
Ulysses 6 
9.000 
7SR64 
SACKS, PETER 
Ulysses 8 
9.000 
7SR65 
SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 9 
9.000 
7SR55 
SACKS. PETER 
Ulysses 10 
9.000 
7SR69 
SACKS, PETER 
Ulysses 11 
9.000 
7SR6B 
SACKS, PETER 
Ulysses 12 
9.000 
6XTF6 
SCHIELE, EGON 
Selbstportat als St. Sebastian 
3,000.000 
7HWHB 
SCHLEMMER, OSKAR 
Studie mit drei F uren 
850.000 
68785 
SCHWITTERS, KURT 
Sword 
1,500.000 
7N8T9 
VERWER, JOHANN 
Study of Climbing Plants on a Tree-Trunk 
500.000 
4B6GR 
WARHOL, ANDY 
Nine Multicolored Marilyns 
8,500.000 
Total 
183,380,750 
' Numbers in italics indicate that the value listed is the purchase price. 
Page 2 
EFTA00593107

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593108.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593108.pdf
----------------------------------------
PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT 
THIS AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made as of the Effective Date (as hereinafter 
defined) by and between Christian Kjaer ("CK") and GSJ Properties, Corp. ("GSJ") 
(collectively the"Sellers") and Great St. Jim, LLC, a Virgin Islands Limited Liability Company 
("Purchaser").
RECITALS: 
A. 
Sellers own all of the land and improvements on the island commonly known as 
Great St. James Island, St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands, designated and more particularly 
described in Exhibit A attached hereto as Parcel A, Parcel B (including Parcels B-I and B-2) and 
Parcel C (including Parcels C-1 and C-2) , together with any buildings and other improvements 
located thereon (such land, buildings and improvements, the "Property");
B. 
CK is the permittee of a submerged land permit, for a dock on Parcel A, designated 
and more particularly described in Exhibit B attached hereto (the "Permit'), ; and 
C. 
Subject to the terms of this Agreement as more fully detailed herein, CK and GSJ 
desires to sell, assign, transfer and convey their interests in the Property to Purchaser on the Closing 
Date and Purchaser desires to purchase the Property from Sellers, on the Closing Date, upon the 
terms more particularly set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained herein, the transfer of the Property contemplated by this Agreement does not include the 
conveyance of any rights or easements to any property other than the Property.. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and 
agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency 
of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: 
ARTICLE I 
SALE OF PROPERTY 
1.1 
Agreement For Purchase And Sale. CK agrees to sell, assign and cause to be 
conveyed to Purchaser, and Purchaser agrees to purchase and assume from CK all right, title and 
interest in and to Parcel A of the Property (as described in Exhibit A hereto) and all right, title, and 
interest in and to the Permit (as described in Exhibit B hereto) and GSJ agrees to sell, assign and 
cause to be conveyed to Purchaser, and Purchaser agrees to purchase and assume from GSJ, all 
right, title and interest in and to Parcels B I , B-2, C-I and C-2 (as described in Exhibit A hereto)) 
subject to the terms and conditions contained herein. Purchaser has verified and warranted the 
availability of funds in the U.S. Virgin Islands to close to the satisfaction of Sellers. 
EFTA00593108
--- PAGE 2 ---
ARTICLE 2 
PURCHASE PRICE 
2.1 
Amount. The purchase price for the Property shall be Twenty Two Million Five 
Hundred Thousand and No/100 U.S. Dollars (US $22,500,000.00) (the "Purchase Price"), payable 
in cash at the Closing. The Purchase Price shall be allocated Seventeen Million Five Hundred 
Thousand and No/100 U.S. Dollars (US $17,500,000.00), for Parcel A owned by CK, as described 
on Exhibit "A" and Five Million and No/100 U.S. Dollars (US $5,000,000.00) for Parcels B-I, 
B-2, C-I, and C-2, as described on Exhibit "A". 
2.3 
Earnest Money Deposit. Within one (1) business day after the Effective Date (as 
defined herein?, as a condition to the continued effectiveness of this Agreement, Purchaser shall 
deliver to April Newland Real Estate, Attention: April Newland (the "Escrow Agent") a wire 
transfer in the amount of Two Million Two Hundred Fifty Thousand and No/100 U.S. Dollars (US 
$2,250,000.00) (the "Earnest Money Deposit"). 
2.4 
Application of Earnest Money Deposit. The Earnest Money Deposit will be 
applied to the Purchase Price at Closing. The Escrow Agent shall, promptly upon receipt, place the 
Earnest Money Deposit in a federally insured, interest bearing account. All interest on the Earnest 
Money Deposit shall remain the property of Purchaser and will be reported to the Internal Revenue 
Service as income of the party entitled to receive the Earnest Money Deposit. Purchaser and Seller 
shall promptly execute and deliver to the Escrow Agent all forms reasonably requested by the 
Escrow Agent with respect to the Earnest Money Deposit. The Escrow Agent is authorized and 
directed to pay the Earnest Money to the party entitled to receive the same under the terms of this 
Agreement. 
2.5 
Balance of Purchase Price. Purchaser shall deliver the balance of the purchase 
price to Sellers by wire transfer to an account designated by Sellers, in cash, or by certified funds at 
Closing. 
ARTICLE 3 
TITLE AND INSPECTIONS 
3.1 
Title. Within ten (10) business days after the Effective Date, Purchaser shall 
procure from a Escrow Agent a current title commitment (the "Title Commitment") for an ALTA 
Owner's Title Policy, showing the state of the title to the Property which would appear in an ALTA 
Owner's Title Policy, if issued, accompanied by copies of all recorded instruments affecting title to 
the Property ("Title Exception Documents"). 
If any aspect of the Title Commitment is 
objectionable to Purchaser, in Purchaser's sole discretion, Purchaser shall notify Seller of such fact 
in writing no later than the tenth (10th) business day after receipt of the Title Commitment (such 
10-day period being herein called the "Title Review Period"). If Purchaser does not give notice of 
any objections to Seller within the Title Review Period, Purchaser is deemed to approve the title as 
shown in the Title Commitment and the Title Exception Documents. If Purchaser provides timely 
objections, Seller shall have ten (10) business days after receipt of Purchaser's notice (the "Title 
Cure Period") in which to cure or attempt to cure Purchaser's objections but Seller shall have no 
obligation to cure any of Purchaser's objections. If Purchaser provides timely objections pursuant 
to this Section 3.1 and Seller does not cure all of Purchaser's objections within the Title Cure Period 
for any reason, then, within two (2) business days after the last day of the Title Cure Period, 
EFTA00593109
--- PAGE 3 ---
Purchaser shall, as its sole and exclusive remedy, waiving all other remedies, either: (i) terminate 
this Agreement by giving a termination notice to Seller, in which case the Escrow Agent shall 
return the Earnest Money Deposit to Purchaser and the parties shall have no further rights, 
liabilities, or obligations under this Agreement (other than those that expressly survive 
termination); or (ii) waive the uncured objections by proceeding to Closing and be deemed to 
approve Seller's title as shown in the Commitment and the Title Exception Documents. If Seller 
does not timely receive notice of Purchaser's election to terminate under clause (i) above, 
Purchaser is deemed to waive the uncured objections and to approve title as shown in the Title 
Commitment and the Title Exception Documents. 
All exceptions appearing in the Title 
Commitment to which Purchaser does not object or which are deemed waived and accepted by 
Purchaser as set forth herein are herein referred to as the "Permitted Exceptions"• provided, 
however, that as to those exceptions to which Purchaser does object, if Seller modifies (or agrees to 
modify) any such exception to Purchaser's satisfaction, then such exception, as so modified, shall 
be deemed included in the term "Permitted Exceptions". Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
herein, Seller shall cause all mortgages, deeds of trust and monetary liens (including liens for 
delinquent taxes, mechanics' liens and judgment liens) affecting the Property and all indebtedness 
secured thereby (the "Existing Liens") to be fully satisfied, released and discharged of record on or 
prior the Closing Date so that Purchaser shall take title to the Property free of the same. In no case 
shall any Existing Lien be a Permitted Exception. The Virgin Islands Open Shoreline Act, Title 
12, Section 401, et. seq. of the Virgin Islands Code and all governmental easements for 
utilities or otherwise, shall be considered and deemed a Permitted Exception. 
3.2 Inspection. Purchaser or its designees shall inspect the property within Twenty (20) 
days of full execution of this Agreement for the purpose of inspecting the condition of the Property. 
Purchaser shall have two (2) days from the close of the inspection period to terminate this 
Agreement for any reason in Purchaser's sole discretion and the full Earnest Money Deposit shall 
be returned to Purchaser and no Party to this Agreement shall have any further obligations with 
respect to this Agreement. 
ARTICLE 4 
REPRESENTATIONS. WARRANTIES AND COVENANT 
4.1 
Purchaser' Representations and Warranties.  Purchaser represents and warrants to 
Seller as follows (which representations and warranties shall, as a condition to Closing, be true and 
correct as of the Effective Date and as of the Closing Date): 
(a) 
Purchaser is duly organized and legally existing under the laws of the State or 
Territory of its formation. The execution and delivery of, and performance under, this Agreement 
are within Purchaser's powers and have been duly authorized by all requisite limited liability 
company action. The person executing this Agreement on behalf of Purchaser has the authority to 
do so. 
(b) 
Except with respect to the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.2, 
Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser is relying solely on its own investigation of the Property 
and not on any other information or representations provided or to be provided by Seller or Seller's 
agents. 
Purchaser further acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to make its own 
independent investigation of the Property prior to Closing. Any information, documents, or reports 
EFTA00593110
--- PAGE 4 ---
supplied or made available by Seller, if any, whether written or oral, or in the form of maps, 
surveys, plats, soil reports, engineering studies, environmental studies, or other inspection reports 
pertaining to the Property (collectively, the "Seller Information") are being delivered to Purchaser 
on an AS-IS, WHERE IS, AND WITH ALL FAULTS basis, solely as a courtesy. Sellers have 
neither verified the accuracy of any statements or other information in any of the Seller 
Information, nor any method used to compile the Seller Information, nor the qualifications of the 
person(s) preparing the Seller Information. 
Seller makes no, and Purchaser waives any, 
representation or warranty, express or implied, or arising by operation of law or otherwise as to the 
accuracy, completeness, of any other aspect of the Seller Information. In addition, Purchaser 
expressly waives (to the extent allowed by applicable law) any claims under federal, territorial or 
other law Purchaser might otherwise have against Seller relating to the use, characteristics or 
condition of the Property beyond Purchaser's rights with respect to the representations and 
obligations of Seller as provided for herein. Except with respect to any breach in representations or 
warranties, Purchaser bears the risk of any costs or expenses suffered or incurred by Purchaser with 
regard to any lack of information, incorrect information or inadequate information relating to any 
of the matters described above. 
(c) 
Purchaser verifies and warrants that it has funds available in the U.S. Virgin 
Islands to purchase the property and upon the execution of this Agreement. 
4.2 
Sellers' Representations and Warranties. 
Sellers represents and warrants to 
Purchaser as follows (which representations and warranties, as a condition to Closing, shall be true 
and correct as of the Effective Date and as of the Closing Date): 
(a) Sellers are an individual and a corporation duly organized and legally existing 
under the laws of the State or Territory of its formation. The execution and delivery of, and 
performance under, this Agreement is within Sellers' powers and have been duly authorized by all 
requisite corporate action. The person executing this Agreement on behalf of a Sellers has the 
authority to do so. 
(b) 
No Other Party Rights. The Sellers are not aware of any agreements 
currently in effect which restrict the sale of the Property or grant any other party any rights to 
acquire, lease, rent, occupy, or use all or any portion of the Property including without limitation, 
any right of first offer, right of first refusal or purchase option; 
(c) 
Disclaimer by Seller. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE CONTAINED 
IN THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, THE PROPERTY IS BEING SOLD "AS IS" "WHERE IS" 
AND "WITH ALL FAULTS", WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES BY SELLER 
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THE DOCUMENTS EXECUTED AT 
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE CLOSING. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE 
FOREGOING, SELLER HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING 
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF HABITABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR 
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
(d) 
Sellers' Pre-Closing Covenants. Sellers hereby covenant and agree with 
Purchaser that, between the Effective Date and the Closing Date: 
EFTA00593111
--- PAGE 5 ---
(i) 
Seller will use reasonable efforts to cause the Property to be 
maintained and operated in as it presently exists in accordance with their current 
existing practices. Sellers will not grant to any third party any right, agreement, or 
license to lease, rent, occupy, or use all or any portion of the Property. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to 
require Seller to make any improvements whatsoever from the Effective Date until 
Closing except as are in the ordinary course of business of their ownership and use 
of the Property. 
(ii) 
Sellers will notify Purchaser promptly of any material damage to 
the Property caused by fire or other casualty prior to the Closing. 
(iii) 
Sellers will obtain and deliver to Purchaser a properly executed 
and notarized deed to the entirety of ParcelS (including C-I and C-2) reflecting 
title to Parcel C in the name of GSJ and shall record such deed for Parcel C to 
reflect ownership of Parcel C by the GSJ. 
(iv) 
Sellers will disconnect the intake pipe from any water filtering 
system located on the Property, however, Seller will not dismantle said water 
filtering system. Notwithstanding this provision Purchaser accepts the disclaimer 
of Sellers set forth above. 
(e) 
Certain Limitations on Seller's Representations and Warranties. To the 
extent that Purchaser actually knows prior to the Closing Date that Seller's representations and 
warranties are inaccurate, untrue or incorrect in any way and Purchaser does not terminate this 
Agreement in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such representations and warranties 
shall be deemed modified to reflect Purchasers' knowledge. 
ARTICLE 5 
CLOSING 
5.1 
Closing. The closing of the transaction contemplated hereby (herein called the 
"Closing") shall take place through escrow at the office of April Newland Real Estate 00802, on or 
before the 31st day of January, 2016 ( the "Closing Date"). 
(a) 
At the Closing, Sellers shall deliver to Purchaser the following: 
(i) 
a Warranty Deed for the Property (Parcel A), duly executed by CK, 
properly notarized and otherwise in a form suitable for recording with the 
appropriate governmental authorities and a Warranty Deed for Parcels B-1, B-2, 
C-1 and C-2, duly executed by GSJ, properly notarized and otherwise in a form 
suitable for recording with the appropriate governmental authorities; 
(ii) 
a tax clearance letter for Parcels A, B (to include B-1 and B-2) and C (to 
include C-1 and C-2) of the Property; 
EFTA00593112
--- PAGE 6 ---
(iii) 
an application for the assignment of the submerged land Permit 
CZT-01-06W . Delivery of the actual assignment of the Permit is NOT a condition 
precedent to Closing; 
(iv) 
a duly executed copy of Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 for Seller as 
required by the Tax Reform Act of 1986, and all regulations applicable thereto; 
and 
(v) 
a zero withholding tax certificate. 
(b) 
At the Closing, Purchaser, shall do the following: 
deliver by wire transfer to the Escrow Agent or by delivery to the Escrow Agent of immediately 
available cash or local certified U.S. funds for the balance of the Purchase Price and cause the 
Escrow Agent to deliver the Purchase Price to Sellers at the following: IBAN: 
DK1820005005732597, BIC: NDEADKKK.. 
5.2 
Delivery of Documents. Possession. and Other Items. At the Closing, Seller shall 
deliver possession of the Property to Purchaser. 
5.3 
Closing Costs. 
Purchaser shall pay the cost of any Owner's Policy of Title 
Insurance. Sellers and Purchaser shall share equally in the payment of any stamp tax or other 
transfer tax payable in connection with this Agreement. CK shall pay all Commissions which shall 
be 2% of the Purchase Price to April Newland Real Estate and 1% of the Purchase Price to Erika 
Kellerhals. Each party shall pay its own attorney's fees. Except as otherwise provided in this 
Agreement, Purchaser shall pay all other costs and fees associated with this Closing. 
5.4 
Adjustments to the Purchase Price. General real estate taxes and insurance for the 
Property shall be prorated as-set forth in Article 6. 
ARTICLE 6 
TAXES 
6.1 
Taxes. General real estate taxes for the then current year relating to the Property 
shall be prorated as of December 31, 2015. 
ARTICLE 7 
TERMINATION AND REMEDIES 
7.1 
Sellers Closing Default. If Sellers have not terminated this Agreement pursuant to 
any of the provisions authorizing such termination, and either Seller fails to perform any of the 
agreements contained herein which are to be performed by such Seller at or before Closing, 
Purchaser as its sole and exclusive remedy, waiving all other remedies, either (i) enforce specific 
performance of Seller's obligation to convey the Property to Purchaser in accordance with this 
Agreement; or (ii) terminate this Agreement by giving notice to Seller within five (5) business days 
thereafter, in which event the Escrow Agent, shall return the Earnest Money Deposit to Purchaser 
and the parties shall have no further rights, liabilities, or obligations under this Agreement (other 
than those that expressly survive termination). 
EFTA00593113
--- PAGE 7 ---
7.2 
Purchaser's Default. If Purchaser has not terminated this Agreement pursuant to 
any of the provisions authorizing such termination, and Purchaser fails to perform any of the 
agreements contained herein which are to be performed by Purchaser at or before Closing, Seller 
shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement and receive the Earnest Money Deposit as Sellers sole 
and exclusive remedy and the parties shall have no further rights, liabilities, or obligations under 
this Agreement. 
ARTICLE 8 
NOTICES 
8.1 
Notices. Any notice, request, demand, instruction or other communication to be 
given to either party hereunder, except those required to be delivered at the Closing, shall be in 
writing, and shall be deemed to be delivered (a) upon receipt, if delivered by email or if hand 
delivered (provided, however, if any notice is sent by email it shall also be followed by another 
herein approved method of delivery), (b) on the first business day after having been delivered to a 
national overnight air courier service, or (c) three business days after deposit in registered or 
certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed as follows: 
To Seller: 
To Purchaser: 
do Kevin F. D'Amour, P.C. 
St. Thomas USVI 00802 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Email: 
Kellerhals Fer uson ICroblin PLLC 
St. Thomas. VI 00802 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Email: 
or to such other address or to the attention of such other person as hereafter shall be designated in 
writing by the applicable party sent in accordance herewith. 
EFTA00593114
--- PAGE 8 ---
ARTICLE 9 
MISCELLANEOUS 
9.1 
Commissions. April Newland Real Estate and Erika Kellerhals have acted as 
brokers in this transaction. April Newland Real Estate has agreed to accept a commission of two 
percent (2%) and Erika Kellerhals has agreed to accept a commission of one percent (1%) of the 
Purchase Price (the "Commissions"). Sellers shall pay these Commissions. 
9.2 
Further Instruments. Sellers will, whenever reasonably requested by Purchaser; 
and Purchaser will, whenever reasonably requested by Sellers; execute, acknowledge and deliver, 
or cause to be executed, acknowledged and delivered, any and all conveyances, assignments and all 
other instruments and documents as may be reasonably necessary in order to complete the 
transaction herein provided and to carry out the terms and provisions of this Agreement. 
9.3 
Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the exhibits attached hereto contain the 
entire agreement among the parties. No modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be of 
any force or effect unless made in writing and executed by Purchaser and Sellers. 
9.4 
No Third Party Beneficiaries. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
herein or in any agreement or other document delivered at Closing, no third parties shall be third 
party beneficiaries of this Agreement or of any documents delivered at Closing, and no third parties 
shall have any right to enforce this Agreement or any document delivered at Closing against 
Purchaser. 
9.5 
No Partnership or Joint Venture. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or 
construed by the parties hereto or by any third party as creating the relationship of (i) principal and 
agent, (ii) a partnership, or (iii) a joint venture among the parties hereto; it being understood and 
agreed that neither any provisions contained herein nor any acts of the parties hereto shall be 
deemed to create any relationship among the parties hereto other than the relationship of seller and 
purchaser. 
9.6 
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts 
and may be delivered by facsimile transmission or other electronic means, including portable 
document format (.pdf), and each executed counterpart shall have the same force and effect as an 
original instrument. All such counterparts shall be construed together and shall constitute one 
instrument, but in making proof hereof it shall only be necessary to produce one such counterpart. 
Any signature page to any counterpart may be detached from such counterpart without impairing 
the legal effect of the signature thereon and thereafter attached to another counterpart identical 
thereto except having attached to it additional signature pages. 
9.7 
Time of the Essence. Time is of the essence with respect to the performance of all 
obligations provided herein and the consummation of all transactions contemplated hereby. 
9.8 
Assignment. This Agreement, and the rights and obligations hereunder, may not 
be assigned by Sellers or Purchaser. 
9.9 
Dates. Whenever any determination is to be made or action is to be taken on a date 
specified in this Agreement, if such date shall fall on Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday under the 
EFTA00593115
--- PAGE 9 ---
laws of the U.S. Virgin Islands, then in such event said date shall be extended to the next day which 
is not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday. The "Effective Date" of this Agreement is the later of 
the two (2) dates on which this Agreement has been signed by Sellers and Purchaser as indicated by 
their signatures below, which date shall be the date of final execution and agreement by the patties 
hereto. 
9.10 
Binding on Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of 
and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, executors, personal 
representative, successors and permitted assigns whenever the context so requires or admits. 
9.11 
Dispute Resolution, Governing Law Jurisdiction and Venue. 
(a) 
Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating in any way to the 
agreement including without limitation any dispute concerning the construction, validity, 
interpretation, enforceability or breach of the Agreement, shall be exclusively resolved by binding 
arbitration upon a party's submission of the dispute to arbitration. In the event of a dispute, 
controversy or claim arising out of or relating in any way to the agreement, the complaining party 
shall notify the other party in writing thereof. Within thirty (30) days of such notice, management 
level representatives of Sellers and Purchaser shall meet at an agreed location to attempt to resolve 
the dispute in good faith. Should the dispute not be resolved within ten (10) days after such notice, 
the complaining party shall seek remedies exclusively through arbitration. 
(b) 
This agreement to arbitrate shall be specifically enforceable. A party may apply to 
any court with jurisdiction for interim or conservatory relief, including without limitation a 
proceeding to compel arbitration. 
(c) 
The arbitration shall be conducted by three arbitrators. The chairman of the 
Arbitration panel shall be James T. Giles, former Chief Judge, U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
District of Pennsylvania, and presently is of counsel with Pepper Hamilton LLP, resident in the 
Philadelphia office. Sellerson the one hand and Purchaser on the other shall name their own 
Arbitrator within five days of a party's filing of a notice of arbitration. If Sellers or Purchaser fails 
to time name its arbitrator then the Arbitrator shall be immediately selected by the American 
Arbitration Association. 
(d) 
The arbitration shall be conducted under the International Centre for Dispute 
Resolution in accordance with its International Arbitration Rules. 
(e) 
The arbitration shall be conducted in Lausanne, Swtizerland. 
(g) 
The laws of the Territory of the U.S Virgin Islands shall be applied in any 
arbitration proceedings, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. Provided however, the 
parties shall pay and be responsible for their own attorney fees regardless of whether they are the 
prevailing party and regardless of the laws of the U.S. Virgin Islands related to prevailing parties. 
(h) 
Notwithstanding the agreed to venue and choice of law agreed to by the parties, the 
parties may utilize counsel from any jurisdiction of their choosing to advocate on its behalf. 
EFTA00593116
--- PAGE 10 ---
(i) 
It is the intent of the parties that, barring extraordinary circumstances, arbitration 
proceedings will be concluded within ninety (90) days from the notice of arbitration. Failure to 
adhere to this time limit shall not constitute a basis for challenging the award. 
Except as may be required by law, neither a party nor its representatives may 
disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration hereunder without the prior written 
consent of all parties. 
(k) 
The parties shall not be entitled to discovery in the arbitration, except that any 
Sellers on the one hand and Purchaser on the other shall be entitled to request no more than 100 
pages of documents and have a maximum of three (3) witnesses at the arbitration proceedings. No 
depositions are permitted. 
(I) 
The parties shall exchange a copy of all exhibits for the arbitration hearing and 
shall identify each witness who will testify at the arbitration, with a summary of the anticipated 
testimony of such witness ten days before the arbitration hearing. 
(m) 
The arbitration panel shall be entitled to issue injunctive and other equitable relief. 
(n) 
Each party shall be responsible for their own costs and expenses of arbitration. 
Provided however, the costs and expenses of the Panel Chairman shall be shared equally by the 
parties. It is specifically understood and agreed that any party may enforce any award rendered 
pursuant to the arbitration provisions of this Section by bringing suit in any court of competent 
jurisdiction. The parties agree that the arbitrator shall have authority to grant injunctive or other 
forms of equitable relief to any party. This Section shall survive the termination or cancellation of 
this Agreement. 
(o) 
Sellers and Purchaser shall pay their own arbitrator's fees and expenses and half of 
the fees and expenses of the Panel Chairman and the arbitration fees and expenses of the American 
Arbitration Association. 
9.12 
Attorneys' Fees. Regardless of the award rendered in Arbitration or the laws of the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, each party shall pay its own costs, expenses and attorney fees. 
9.13 
Risk of Loss. Except as otherwise provided herein, Sellers shall bear the risk of 
loss with respect to the Property until the Closing. 
9.14 
Reporting Person. The Escrow Agent is hereby designated as the "Reporting 
Person" pursuant to Section 6045 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
9.15 
Bulk Sales Act. Purchaser and Seller hereby jointly waive any and all provisions 
of the any bulk sales act, statute or regulation that may be applicable to the sale and purchase herein 
contemplated. 
9.16 
Paragraph Headings. The paragraph headings contained in this Agreement are for 
convenience only and shall in no way enlarge or limit the scope or meaning of the various and 
several paragraphs hereof 
EFTA00593117
--- PAGE 11 ---
9.17 
Confidentiality. 
The parties shall keep this transaction and any documents 
received from each other confidential, except to the extent necessary to (a) comply with applicable 
law and regulations or (b) carry out the obligations set forth in this Agreement. Any such 
disclosure to third parties must indicate that the information is confidential and should be so treated 
by the third party. 
9.18 
Survival. The provisions of Sections 4, and 9.1-9.19 of this Article 9 shall survive 
the Closing or any earlier termination of this Agreement. 
9.19 
Casualty. If prior to the Closing, the Property, or any part thereof, is materially 
damaged, Purchaser shall have the right, exercisable by giving written notice to Sellers within five 
(5) Business Days after receiving written notice of such damage or destruction (but in any event 
prior to the Closing), either (i) to terminate this Agreement, in which case neither party shall have 
any further rights or obligations hereunder (except as may be expressly provided to the contrary 
elsewhere in this Agreement), and any money (including the Earnest Money Deposit) or documents 
in escrow shall be returned to the party depositing the same, or (ii) to accept the Property in its then 
condition and to proceed with the Closing without any abatement or reduction in the Purchase Price 
and receive an assignment of all of Sellers', CK's and/or GSJ's, right to any insurance proceeds for 
repairs, if any, payable by reason of such damage or destruction plus receive a credit against the 
Purchase Price equal to Sellers', CK's and GSJ's, applicable insurance deductible with respect to 
such casualty. If Purchaser elects to proceed under clause (ii) above, neither of Sellers shall 
compromise, settle or adjust any claims to such proceeds without Purchaser's prior written consent, 
which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. If prior to the Closing, any 
non-material portion of the Property is damaged, Purchaser shall accept the Property in its then 
condition (without any abatement or reduction in the Purchase Price) and proceed with the Closing, 
in which case Purchaser shall be entitled to an assignment of all of Sellers', CK's and GSJ;s, rights 
to any insurance proceeds for repairs, plus receive a credit against the Purchase Price equal to 
Sellers', CK's and GSJ's, applicable insurance deductible with respect to such casualty, if any, (or 
the entire cost of restoration in the case of a casualty that for any reason is not an insured event; 
provided, however, that Sellers shall not be obligated to credit Purchaser for more than $100,000 in 
the case of an uninsured event, but if Sellers do not elect to credit to Purchaser the entire cost of 
restoration, Purchaser shall have the same rights with respect to non-material damage as it has 
hereunder with respect to a material damage). If any such non-material damage occurs, neither of 
Sellers shall compromise, settle or adjust any claims to such insurance proceeds or such award, if 
any, as the case may be, without Purchaser's prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed. 
[Signature pages follow] 
EFTA00593118
--- PAGE 12 ---
EXECUTED by Seller on the 
day of 
 2016. 
SELLER: 
Christian Kjaer, individually 
By:  
653 Properties, Corp. 
By:  
Name: 
Title:  
EFTA00593119
--- PAGE 13 ---
EXECUTED by Purchaser on the 
day of 
 20)6. 
PURCHASER: 
Great St. Jim, LLC 
By:  
Name: 
Title: 
By: 
Sultan Ahmed Bin Sulayem, individually 
EFTA00593120
--- PAGE 14 ---
ESCROW AGENT ACKNOWLEDGMENT 
The undersigned hereby accepts this Agreement and agrees to perform the functions of 
Escrow Agent hereunder. The undersigned further assumes the duties of the Reporting Person as 
described in Section 6045 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Escrow Agent: 
April Newland Real Esate 
By:  
Name: 
Title: 
Dated: 
 2016 
EFTA00593121
--- PAGE 15 ---
EXHIBIT A 
LEGAL DESCRIPTION 
Parcels A B.I.B-2 
-1 and C-2 Great St. James Island 
St. Thomas, Virgin Islands 
As shown on P.W.D. Drawing No. D9-2825-T84 
Consisting of 80.7 acres, 32.7 acres, 8.25 acres, 32.7 acres and 8.25 acres +1-, 
excluding all tools, equipment, machinery, vehicles, atvs, utvs, heavy equipment, 
boats and personal watercraft, and personal property. 
EFTA00593122
--- PAGE 16 ---
EXHIBIT B 
SUBMERGED LAND PERMITS 
1. CZT-01-06W 
EFTA00593123

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593124.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593124.pdf
----------------------------------------
111 
SBJ PASSENGERS: IS 
Fuel Tanks: 4 Fwci. 5 Aft 
Completan Center: Jot Aviation 
Intoner Doyen by Mr. Gerard Calet. PoNoche 
BOEING BUSINESS JETS 
BOE
I NG 
BUS
I NESS 
JETS 
YG006 
EFTA00593124

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593125.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593125.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION 
AMENDMENT NO. 2 
TO 
NON-EXCLUSIVE AIRCRAFT DRY LEASE AGREEMENT 
THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2 (this "Amendment') to the Non-Exclusive Aircraft Dry Lease 
Agreement dated August 31, 2013 (as amended pursuant to that certain Amendment No. 1 dated 
as of July 15, 2014, the 'Lease Agreement') between Jet Aviation Flight Services, Inc. ("Air Carnet) 
and Rance Acquisitions, LLC ("Lessor" and, together with the Air Carrier, the "Parties") is dated (and 
for all purposes shall be deemed effective) as of the P' day of January, 2015. Any capitalized term 
used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Lease 
Agreement. 
WITNESSETH: 
WHEREAS, the Parties are parties to the Lease Agreement; and 
WHEREAS, the Lessor desires to modify the Lease Agreement by modifying the Rents set 
forth in Paragraph 3 of Schedule A thereto and the process for readjusting such Rents going 
forward. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, of the mutual covenants herein 
contained, and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are 
hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 
I. 
Amendment to the Lease Agreement 
Effective as of the date hereof, the Lease Agreement is amended, by deleting Schedule A 
thereto and substituting the amended and restated Schedule A attached hereto. 
II. 
Mkicellaneous
(a) 
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which, 
when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute 
one and the same instrument. 
(b) 
Except as herein expressly modified or amended, the provisions, conditions and 
terms of the Lease Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. The Parties ratify 
and affirm the Lease Agreement as amended hereby. 
(SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS) 
Rance MPS Amendment No. 2 
EFTA00593125
--- PAGE 2 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Parties have caused this Amendment to be 
executed as of the day and year first above written. 
JET AVIATION FLIGHT SERVICES, INC. 
RANCE ACQUISITIONS, LLC 
-S„..„(V7772- 
By: 
Name: 
By: 
02.11.2015 
Name: Donald J. Haloburdo 
Title: 
Vice President & General Manager 
Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Non-Exclusive Aircraft Dry Lease Agreement (N624N) 
EFTA00593126
--- PAGE 3 ---
AMENDED AND RESTATED 
SCHEDULE A 
To Non-Exclusive Aircraft Dry Lease Agreement 
Dated August 31, 2013 
Between 
Jet Aviation Flight Services, Inc. 
and 
Rance Acquisitions, LLC 
Aircraft Type: 
Gulfstream V 
Aircraft Serial Number: 
681 
United States Registration Number: 
N624N 
Registered Owner of the Aircraft: 
Rance Acquisitions, LLC 
1. 
Certification and Conformity Fee: $10,000.00 per Aircraft (Section 3.4): 
The Aircraft certification and conformity inspection process includes records review and physical 
inspection of the Aircraft to meet the requirements of FAR Part 135 and Air Carrier's Air Carrier 
Certificate as to the maintenance equipment and condition of the Aircraft. This inspection 
contemplates a customary Aircraft records review and preparation to not exceed 10 calendar days. 
Air Carrier reserves the right to impose additional charges if more than 10 calendar days are 
required for record review and reconstruction due to inaccurate, missing, deficient or otherwise 
poorly maintained Aircraft records. 
In addition to the Aircraft certification and conformity inspection, the one-time Certification and 
Conformity Fee covers the initial training of Flight Support Personnel, including indoctrination and 
FAR Part 135 qualification training. Initial certification training will be provided at no cost for up to 
three (3) flight crewmembers and one (1) maintenance personnel. Additional training of any new, 
additional or replacement of Flight Support Personnel on the account will be billed to Lessor at the 
rate of $1,000 per person. Lessor is responsible for paying Flight Support Personnel training costs, 
all reasonable travel and other expenses for Flight Support Personnel to attend training and for Air 
Carrier employees and/or contractors to conduct the certification and conformity inspection. 
Additional records reconstruction, or other required maintenance items or equipment purchase is 
the responsibility of the Lessor. Cost of passenger briefing cards, if required, and cost of Part 135 
Minimum Equipment List and annual subscription will be billed to Lessor at Air Carrier cost. 
2. 
Annual Charter Administration Fee: 
$2,000.00/month, payable on the first day of each month commencing the first full month following 
the date when the Aircraft is approved for Charter Flights. 
Rance JAFS Amendment Net 2 
Page 1 
EFTA00593127
--- PAGE 4 ---
3. 
Rent (Section 7.1): 
Air Carrier agrees to pay to Lessor a flat rental fee per hour for every hour that the Aircraft is 
operated for a third party Charter Flight (which is not a Lessor Charter Flight). The hourly flat rental 
fee shall be as follows, calculated upon actual hours flown, including any ferry legs: 
Beginning January 1, 2015, for Charter Flights involving a third party, such third party will be 
charged a rent (the "Rent') of $18,627.00 per flight hour (domestic and international travel), 
inclusive of any fuel surcharge any other related trip costs, expenses and taxes and, in the case of 
domestic travel, federal excise taxes. Air Carrier agrees to pay to Lessor a Rent fee equal to the Rent 
less any applicable taxes and less an administrative charge equal to $200.00 per hour for every hour 
that the Aircraft is invoiced for a third party Charter Flight. Air Carrier acknowledges that the Rent is 
subject to adjustment as provided in the final paragraph of this section. 
No Rent is paid or due to Lessor for any training or maintenance flights conducted by Air Carrier, or 
for any incomplete Charter Flight segments or return ferry flights resulting from break down of the 
Aircraft in a multi-leg Charter Flight. Lessor shall be responsible for all costs of any such return ferry 
flight. 
Effective on the business day of each month beginning March 1, 2015, Air Carrier shall report to 
Lessor (a) the total charges, costs and expenses (fixed and variable) incurred for the prior month 
and (b) the number of hours flown during such month. At Lessor's option, Lessor may then provide 
to Air Carrier a revised Rent, which Rent shall be effective until revised by agreement of Air Carrier 
and Lessor. 
4. 
Supplemental Crew Rates (If supplied by Lessor or Aircraft Representative): 
5. 
Air Carrier Labor Rates for Supplemental Billing (projects or requests not associated with 
conformity or initial certification): 
Director level employee/Account VP - 
$150/hr. 
Quality Inspector • 
$125/hr. 
Maintenance Technician - 
$100/hr. 
Training Personnel - 
$100/hr. 
Technical Administrative - 
$ 75/hr. 
Rance JAFS Amendment No. 2 
Page 2 
EFTA00593128

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593129.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593129.pdf
----------------------------------------
MOORE STEPHENS 
BJAV Marine Limited 
Douglas 
Isle of Man 
IM1 1JB 
Our Ref: 
001825—GA—TARJ 
Date/Tax Point: 
January 2015 
Tax Invoice No: 
106022 
VAT Registration Number 
BJAV MARINE LIMITED 
Professional services rendered in connection with: 
GBP 
VAT 
ok
VAT 
GBP 
Provision of an Isle of Man place of business for the 12 
months to 31 December 2015. 
3,000.00 
20.00 
600.00 
The compliance maintenance fee for 2015. 
500.00 
20.00 
100.00 
Preparation and submission of the annual Isle of Man income 
tax return. 
300.00 
20.00 
60.00 
VAT Agency Fee for the 12 months to 31 December 2015. 
1,500.00 
20.00 
300.00 
Value added tax 
1,060.00 
TOTAL 
6,360.00 
Moore Ste hens Trust Com an Limited 
Douglas, Isle of Man IM12SH 
Payment may be made either by : 
1) Direct Transfer 
Bank details for direct transfer are: 
Account N 
- 
IBAN no 
Sort C 
— 
BIC 
The Ro al Bank of Scotland International Limited 
Douglas. Isle of Man. IM99 1 NJ 
2) Cheque 
Please send to the address above. 
PLEASE STATE INVOICE NUMBER 
TERMS: Payment Is due on receipt of the Invoice 
EFTA00593129

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593130.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593130.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
INVOICE 
Generated: Fri. 08 May 2015 10:51:19 
Page i of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
VUQIRT 
AgentDetalls 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket Information fore 
Charges 
Airline Name 
Delta Air Lines 
Ticket Date 
08/05/2015 
Ticket Number 
7595588923 
Invoice 
1734111 
Electronic 
Yes 
Total Charged to American Express 
309.10 
Ticket Base Fare 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
The Baggage Rules of Delta Air Lines apply to this itinerary. and can be accessed by visiting 
hapianyarnextravel.com.,baggage 
Travel Details 
Sunday 10 May 15 
Flight Information 
274.42 
34.68 
309.10 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Delta Air Lines 
Flight 
DL1242 
Origin 
New York. La Guardia 
Destination 
West Palm Beach. Palm Beach International 
Departing 
10:35 AM 
Arriving 
01:39 PM 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal D 
Class 
K Economy Class 
Seats 
31E 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 4 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing (Douglas) Md-88 
Meal 
Refrshmnt/Pur 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
Page 1 of 3 
Invoice VUOIRT 
:
AMER/CAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00593130
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at 'ff/AV 
To book your stay, visit amerIcanexpress.cornifhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are nal eligible for upgrade: cal Centurion Travel Service for details 
•• Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wvnv.allianzcom. Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures a advertisements describing any tour, cruise. accommodations, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includng, without limitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to squire with the hotel before your tip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
• Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodicaly review www.Visacentralcom for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel 
desbnabon. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
• Air Transportation Important arline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit httplimyamextravelcomistatrolconditions for more information. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard *craft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5120). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactne materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks, tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage a 
on your person. A violation can result in five years' imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5120). Hazardous materials nclude explosives, compressed 
gases. flammable (quids and sada. oxidizers. poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants. lighter fluid, fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and 
radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoker 
materials carried on your person. For further information contact your aide* representative a visit http-J.wwy.faa  gov,'abccit'init atr.restourat sa'ety.. 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. irvury. expense a damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly. from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations, accidents or 
fa/ures of equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civi 
unrest. stokes. riots. theft. disease. accidents a failures related to the public internet, telecommunications lines or facilities. a third party technology systems. a any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you n finding travel suppliers and makng arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppliers to you and recommendrig specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certan suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing channels. participating in marketing programs and succoring technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, ncluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including suppler availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppliers we identify and the rtineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a clam with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
Page 2 of 3 
Invoice VUOIRT 
aAIVERIOiN 
EGRESS 
EFTA00593131
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your dam 
and a $35 processeig fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim tomi by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: inwricrenfo.org. 
WarylatIGTON: If transportation a other services are canceled by the seller of travel. all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
N_EVAD_A; 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of travel services or a 
vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To Wan information relating to you rights under the Recovery 
Fund and the fang of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund. you may contact the Consumer Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at 
the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue. Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104. Phone: 
Fax: 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kietzke Lane. Building B. Suite 113. Reno. Nevada 89502. Phone 
California CST61022318. Washington UBIN500-469-694. Iowa TA#002. Nevada NV#20010126.
Fax: 
Page 3 of 3 
Invoice VUOIRT 
E-Xn E SS 
EFTA00593132

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593133.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593133.pdf
----------------------------------------
4/28/2017 11:16 AM Page 1 
Scenario #4 Gifting Element 
Rate Period: 
Nominal Annual Rate: 
CASH FLOW DATA 
Monthly 
1.840% 
Event 
Date 
Amount 
Number 
Period 
End Date 
Loan 
9/1/2014 
516,000.00 
Payment 
10/1/2014 
Interest Only 
Payment 
10/2/2014 
14,000.00 
Principal First Allocation 
Payment 
11/1/2014 
Interest Only 
Monthly 
1/1/2015 
Payment 
1/2/2015 
14,000.00 
Principal First Allocation 
Payment 
2/1/2015 
Interest Only 
Monthly 
1/1/2016 
Payment 
1/2/2016 
14,000.00 
Principal First Allocation 
Payment 
2/1/2016 
Interest Only 
Monthly 
1/1/2017 
Payment 
1/2/2017 
14,000.00 
Principal First Allocation 
Payment 
2/1/2017 
Interest Only 
Monthly 
4/1/2017 
Payment 
4/26/2017 
Interest Only 
Payment 
5/1/2017 
11,646.79 
Monthly 
1/1/2018 
Payment 
1/2/2018 
14,000.00 
Principal First Allocation 
Payment 
2/1/2018 
11,646.79 
Monthly 
1/1/2019 
Payment 
1/2/2019 
14,000.00 
Principal First Allocation 
Payment 
2/1/2019 
11,646.79 
Monthly 
1/1/2020 
Payment 
1/2/2020 
14,000.00 
Principal First Allocation 
Payment 
2/1/2020 
11,646.79 
Monthly 
4/1/2020 
Payment 
4/1/2020 
11,769.01 
AMORTIZATION SCHEDULE - U.S. Rule (no compounding) 
Date 
Payment 
Interest 
Accrued 
Interest 
Paid 
Principal 
Paid 
Interest 
Balance Due  
Principal 
Total 
Loan 
9/1/2014 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
516,000.00 516,000.00 
10/1/2014 
791.20 
791.20 
791.20 
0.00 
0.00 
516,000.00 516,000.00 
10/2/2014 
14,000.00 
26.01 
0.00 
14,000.00 
26.01 
502,000.00 502,026.01 
11/1/2014 
785.20 
759.19 
785.20 
0.00 
0.00 
502,000.00 502,000.00 
12/1/2014 
769.73 
769.73 
769.73 
0.00 
0.00 
502,000.00 502,000.00 
2014 Totals 
16,346.13 
2,346.13 
2,346.13 
14,000.00 
EFTA00593133
--- PAGE 2 ---
Date 
Payment 
Interest 
Accrued 
Interest 
Paid 
Principal 
Paid 
4/28/2017 11:16 AM Page 2 
Balance Due  
Interest 
Principal 
Total 
1/1/2015 
769.73 
769.73 
769.73 
0.00 
0.00 
502,000.00 502,000.00 
1/2/2015 
14,000.00 
25.31 
0.00 
14,000.00 
25.31 
488,000.00 488,025.31 
2/1/2015 
763.33 
738.02 
763.33 
0.00 
0.00 
488,000.00 488,000.00 
3/1/2015 
748.27 
748.27 
748.27 
0.00 
0.00 
488,000.00 488,000.00 
4/1/2015 
748.27 
748.27 
748.27 
0.00 
0.00 
488,000.00 488,000.00 
5/1/2015 
748.27 
748.27 
748.27 
0.00 
0.00 
488,000.00 488,000.00 
6/1/2015 
748.27 
748.27 
748.27 
0.00 
0.00 
488,000.00 488,000.00 
7/1/2015 
748.27 
748.27 
748.27 
0.00 
0.00 
488,000.00 488,000.00 
8/1/2015 
748.27 
748.27 
748.27 
0.00 
0.00 
488,000.00 488,000.00 
9/1/2015 
748.27 
748.27 
748.27 
0.00 
0.00 
488,000.00 488,000.00 
10/1/2015 
748.27 
748.27 
748.27 
0.00 
0.00 
488,000.00 488,000.00 
11/1/2015 
748.27 
748.27 
748.27 
0.00 
0.00 
488,000.00 488,000.00 
12/1/2015 
748.27 
748.27 
748.27 
0.00 
0.00 
488,000.00 488,000.00 
2015 Totals 
23,015.76 
9,015.76 
9,015.76 
14,000.00 
1/1/2016 
748.27 
748.27 
748.27 
0.00 
0.00 
488,000.00 488,000.00 
1/2/2016 
14,000.00 
24.60 
0.00 
14,000.00 
24.60 
474,000.00 474,024.60 
2/1/2016 
741.44 
716.84 
741.44 
0.00 
0.00 
474,000.00 474,000.00 
3/1/2016 
726.80 
726.80 
726.80 
0.00 
0.00 
474,000.00 474,000.00 
4/1/2016 
726.80 
726.80 
726.80 
0.00 
0.00 
474,000.00 474,000.00 
5/1/2016 
726.80 
726.80 
726.80 
0.00 
0.00 
474,000.00 474,000.00 
6/1/2016 
726.80 
726.80 
726.80 
0.00 
0.00 
474,000.00 474,000.00 
7/1/2016 
726.80 
726.80 
726.80 
0.00 
0.00 
474,000.00 474,000.00 
8/1/2016 
726.80 
726.80 
726.80 
0.00 
0.00 
474,000.00 474,000.00 
9/1/2016 
726.80 
726.80 
726.80 
0.00 
0.00 
474,000.00 474,000.00 
10/1/2016 
726.80 
726.80 
726.80 
0.00 
0.00 
474,000.00 474,000.00 
11/1/2016 
726.80 
726.80 
726.80 
0.00 
0.00 
474,000.00 474,000.00 
12/1/2016 
726.80 
726.80 
726.80 
0.00 
0.00 
474,000.00 474,000.00 
2016 Totals 
22,757.71 
8,757.71 8,757.71 14,000.00 
1/1/2017 
726.80 
726.80 
726.80 
0.00 
0.00 
474,000.00 474,000.00 
1/2/2017 
14,000.00 
23.89 
0.00 
14,000.00 
23.89 
460,000.00 460,023.89 
2/1/2017 
719.56 
695.67 
719.56 
0.00 
0.00 
460,000.00 460,000.00 
3/1/2017 
705.33 
705.33 
705.33 
0.00 
0.00 
460,000.00 460,000.00 
4/1/2017 
705.33 
705.33 
705.33 
0.00 
0.00 
460,000.00 460,000.00 
4/26/2017 
579.73 
579.73 
579.73 
0.00 
0.00 
460,000.00 460,000.00 
3,436.75 
3,436.75 
14,000.00 
Total Thru 4.26.17 
23,556.35 23,556.35 
56,000.00 
5/1/2017 
11,646.79 
115.95 
115.95 
11,530.84 
0.00 
448,469.16 448,469.16 
6/1/2017 
11,646.79 
687.65 
687.65 
10,959.14 
0.00 
437,510.02 437,510.02 
7/1/2017 
11,646.79 
670.85 
670.85 
10,975.94 
0.00 
426,534.08 426,534.08 
8/1/2017 
11,646.79 
654.02 
654.02 
10,992.77 
0.00 
415,541.31 415,541.31 
9/1/2017 
11,646.79 
637.16 
637.16 
11,009.63 
0.00 
404,531.68 404,531.68 
EFTA00593134
--- PAGE 3 ---
Date 
Payment 
Interest 
Accrued 
Interest 
Paid 
Principal 
Paid 
4/28/2017 11:16 AM Page 3 
Balance Due  
Interest 
Principal 
Total 
10/1/2017 
11,646.79 
620.28 
620.28 
11,026.51 
0.00 
393,505.17 393,505.17 
11/1/2017 
11,646.79 
603.37 
603.37 
11,043.42 
0.00 
382,461.75 382,461.75 
12/1/2017 
11,646.79 
586.44 
586.44 
11,060.35 
0.00 
371,401.40 371,401.40 
2017 Totals 
110,611.07 
8,012.47 
8,012.47 102,598.60 
1/1/2018 
11,646.79 
569.48 
569.48 
11,077.31 
0.00 
360,324.09 360,324.09 
1/2/2018 
14,000.00 
18.16 
0.00 
14,000.00 
18.16 
346,324.09 346,342.25 
2/1/2018 
11,646.79 
523.76 
541.92 
11,104.87 
0.00 
335,219.22 335,219.22 
3/1/2018 
11,646.79 
514.00 
514.00 
11,132.79 
0.00 
324,086.43 324,086.43 
4/1/2018 
11,646.79 
496.93 
496.93 
11,149.86 
0.00 
312,936.57 312,936.57 
5/1/2018 
11,646.79 
479.84 
479.84 
11,166.95 
0.00 
301,769.62 301,769.62 
6/1/2018 
11,646.79 
462.71 
462.71 11,184.08 
0.00 
290,585.54 290,585.54 
7/1/2018 
11,646.79 
445.56 
445.56 
11,201.23 
0.00 
279,384.31 279,384.31 
8/1/2018 
11,646.79 
428.39 
428.39 
11,218.40 
0.00 
268,165.91 268,165.91 
9/1/2018 
11,646.79 
411.19 
411.19 
11,235.60 
0.00 
256,930.31 256,930.31 
10/1/2018 
11,646.79 
393.96 
393.96 
11,252.83 
0.00 
245,677.48 245,677.48 
11/1/2018 
11,646.79 
376.71 
376.71 11,270.08 
0.00 
234,407.40 234,407.40 
12/1/2018 
11,646.79 
359.42 
359.42 
11,287.37 
0.00 
223,120.03 223,120.03 
2018 Totals 
153,761.48 
5,480.11 5,480.11 148,281.37 
1/1/2019 
11,646.79 
342.12 
342.12 
11,304.67 
0.00 
211,815.36 211,815.36 
1/2/2019 
14,000.00 
10.68 
0.00 
14,000.00 
10.68 
197,815.36 197,826.04 
2/1/2019 
11,646.79 
299.16 
309.84 
11,336.95 
0.00 
186,478.41 186,478.41 
3/1/2019 
11,646.79 
285.93 
285.93 
11,360.86 
0.00 
175,117.55 175,117.55 
4/1/2019 
11,646.79 
268.51 
268.51 11,378.28 
0.00 
163,739.27 163,739.27 
5/1/2019 
11,646.79 
251.07 
251.07 
11,395.72 
0.00 
152,343.55 152,343.55 
6/1/2019 
11,646.79 
233.59 
233.59 
11,413.20 
0.00 
140,930.35 140,930.35 
7/1/2019 
11,646.79 
216.09 
216.09 
11,430.70 
0.00 
129,499.65 129,499.65 
8/1/2019 
11,646.79 
198.57 
198.57 
11,448.22 
0.00 
118,051.43 118,051.43 
9/1/2019 
11,646.79 
181.01 
181.01 11,465.78 
0.00 
106,585.65 106,585.65 
10/1/2019 
11,646.79 
163.43 
163.43 
11,483.36 
0.00 
95,102.29 
95,102.29 
11/1/2019 
11,646.79 
145.82 
145.82 
11,500.97 
0.00 
83,601.32 
83,601.32 
12/1/2019 
11,646.79 
128.19 
128.19 
11,518.60 
0.00 
72,082.72 
72,082.72 
2019 Totals 
153,761.48 
2,724.17 
2,724.17 151,037.31 
1/1/2020 
11,646.79 
110.53 
110.53 
11,536.26 
0.00 
60,546.46 
60,546.46 
1/2/2020 
14,000.00 
3.05 
0.00 
14,000.00 
3.05 
46,546.46 
46,549.51 
2/1/2020 
11,646.79 
70.39 
73.44 
11,573.35 
0.00 
34,973.11 
34,973.11 
3/1/2020 
11,646.79 
53.63 
53.63 
11,593.16 
0.00 
23,379.95 
23,379.95 
4/1/2020 
11,646.79 
35.85 
35.85 
11,610.94 
0.00 
11,769.01 11,769.01 
4/1/2020 
11,769.01 
0.00 
0.00 
11,769.01 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
2020 Totals 
72,356.17 
273.45 
273.45 
72,082.72 
Grand Totals 
552,609.80 
36,609.80 36,609.80 516,000.00 
EFTA00593135

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593136.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593136.pdf
----------------------------------------
REV. RUL. 2014-22 TABLE 1 
Applicable Federal Rates (AFR) for September 2014 
Annual 
Period for Compounding 
Monthly 
Semiannual 
Quarterly 
Short-term 
AFR 
.36% 
.36% 
.36% 
.36% 
110°/O AFR 
.40% 
.40% 
.40% 
.40% 
120°/O AFR 
.43% 
.43% 
.43% 
.43% 
130°/O AFR 
.47% 
.47% 
.47% 
.47% 
Mid-term 
AFR 
1.86% 
1.85% 
1.85% 
1.84% 
110°/O AFR 
2.05% 
2.04% 
2.03% 
2.03% 
120°/O AFR 
2.23% 
2.22% 
2.21% 
2.21% 
130°/O AFR 
2.42% 
2.41% 
2.40% 
2.40% 
150°/O AFR 
2.80% 
2.78% 
2.77% 
2.76% 
175°/O AFR 
3.27% 
3.24% 
3.23% 
3.22% 
Lona-term 
AFR 
2.97% 
2.95% 
2.94% 
2.93% 
110°/O AFR 
3.28% 
3.25% 
3.24% 
3.23% 
120°/O AFR 
3.57% 
3.54% 
3.52% 
3.51% 
130°/O AFR 
3.88% 
3.84% 
3.82% 
3.81% 
EFTA00593136

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593137.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593137.pdf
----------------------------------------
Military-Industrial Complex Speech, Dwight D. Eisenhower, 1961 
My fellow Americans: 
Three days from now, after half a century in the service of our country, I shall lay down the responsibilities of office 
as. in traditional and solemn ceremony. the authority of the Presidency is vested in my successor. 
This evening I come to you with a message of leave-taking and farewell, and to share a few final thoughts with you, 
my countrymen. 
Like every other citizen, I wish the new President, and all who will labor with him, Godspeed. I pray that the coming 
years will be blessed with peace and prosperity for all. 
Our people expect their President and the Congress to find essential agreement on issues of great moment, the wise 
resolution of which will better shape the future of the Nation. 
My own relations with the Congress. which began on a remote and tenuous basis when, long ago. a member of the 
Senate appointed me to West Point, have since ranged to the intimate during the war and immediate post-war period. 
and, finally, to the mutually interdependent during these past eight years. 
In this final relationship, the Congress and the Administration have, on most vital issues, cooperated well, to serve 
the national good rather than mere partisanship, and so have assured that the business of the Nation should go 
forward. So, my official relationship with the Congress ends in a feeling, on my part, of gratitude that we have been 
able to do so much together. 
II. 
We now stand ten years past the midpoint of a century that has witnessed four major wars among great nations. 
Three of these involved our own country. Despite these holocausts America is today the strongest, the most 
influential and most productive nation in the world. Understandably proud of this pre-eminence, we yet realize that 
America's leadership and prestige depend, not merely upon our unmatched material progress, riches and military 
strength, but on how we use our power in the interests of world peace and human betterment. 
Throughout America's adventure in free government, our basic purposes have been to keep the peace: to foster 
progress in human achievement, and to enhance liberty, dignity and integrity among people and among nations. To 
strive for less would be unworthy of a free and religious people. Any failure traceable to arrogance, or our lack of 
comprehension or readiness to sacrifice would inflict upon us grievous hurt both at home and abroad. 
Progress toward these noble goals is persistently threatened by the conflict now engulfing the world. It commands 
ow whole attention, absorbs our very beings. We face a hostile ideology -- global in scope, atheistic in character, 
ruthless in purpose, and insidious in method. Unhappily the danger is poses promises to be of indefinite duration. To 
meet it successfully, there is called for, not so much the emotional and transitory sacrifices of crisis, but rather those 
which enable us to carry forward steadily, surely, and without complaint the burdens of a prolonged and complex 
struggle -- with liberty the stake. Only thus shall we remain, despite every provocation, on our charted course toward 
permanent peace and human betterment. 
Crises there will continue to be. In meeting them, whether foreign or domestic, great or small, there is a recurring 
temptation to feel that some spectacular and costly action could become the miraculous solution to all current 
difficulties. A huge increase in newer elements of our defense; development of unrealistic programs to cure every ill 
EFTA00593137
--- PAGE 2 ---
in agriculture; a dramatic expansion in basic and applied research -- these and many other possibilities, each 
possibly promising in itself, may be suggested as the only way to the road we wish to travel. 
But each proposal must be weighed in the light of a broader consideration: the need to maintain balance in and 
among national programs -- balance between the private and the public economy, balance between cost and hoped 
for advantage -- balance between the clearly necessary and the comfortably desirable; balance between our essential 
requirements as a nation and the duties imposed by the nation upon the individual; balance between actions of the 
moment and the national welfare of the future. Good judgment seeks balance and progress; lack of it eventually 
finds imbalance and frustration. 
The record of many decades stands as proof that our people and their government have, in the main, understood 
these truths and have responded to them well, in the face of stress and threat. But threats, new in kind or degree, 
constantly arise. I mention two only. 
IV. 
A vital element in keeping the peace is our military establishment. Our arms must be mighty, ready for instant 
action, so that no potential aggressor may be tempted to risk his own destruction. 
Our military organization today bears little relation to that known by any of my predecessors in peacetime, or indeed 
by the fighting men of World War II or Korea. 
Until the latest of our world conflicts, the United States had no armaments industry. American makers of plowshares 
could, with time and as required, make swords as well. But now we can no longer risk emergency improvisation of 
national defense; we have been compelled to create a permanent armaments industry of vast proportions. Added to 
this, three and a half million men and women are directly engaged in the defense establishment. We annually spend 
on military security more than the net income of all United States corporations. 
This conjunction of an immense military establishment and a large arms industry is new in the American experience. 
The total influence -- economic, political, even spiritual -- is felt in every city, every State house, every office of the 
Federal government. We recognize the imperative need for this development. Yet we must not fail to comprehend its 
grave implications. Our toil, resources and livelihood are all involved; so is the very structure of our society. 
In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or 
unsought, by the militaryindustrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will 
persist. 
We must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes. We should take 
nothing for granted. Only an alert and knowledgeable citizenry can compel the proper meshing of the huge industrial 
and military machinery of defense with our peaceful methods and goals, so that security and liberty may prosper 
together. 
Akin to, and largely responsible for the sweeping changes in our industrial-military posture, has been the 
technological revolution during recent decades. 
In this revolution, research has become central; it also becomes more formalized, complex, and costly. A steadily 
increasing share is conducted for, by, or at the direction of, the Federal government. 
Today, the solitary inventor, tinkering in his shop, has been overshadowed by task forces of scientists in laboratories 
and testing fields. In the same fashion, the free university, historically the fountainhead of free ideas and scientific 
discovery, has experienced a revolution in the conduct of research. Partly because of the huge costs involved, a 
government contract becomes virtually a substitute for intellectual curiosity. For every old blackboard there are now 
hundreds of new electronic computers. 
EFTA00593138
--- PAGE 3 ---
The prospect of domination of the nation's scholars by Federal employment, project allocations, and the power of 
money is ever present 
• 
and is gravely to be regarded. 
Yet, in holding scientific research and discovery in respect. as we should, we must also be alert to the equal and 
opposite danger that public policy could itself become the captive of a scientifictechnological elite. 
It is the task of statesmanship to mold, to balance, and to integrate these and other forces, new and old, within the 
principles of our democratic system -- ever aiming toward the supreme goals of our free society. 
V. 
Another factor in maintaining balance involves the element of time. As we peer into society's future, we -- you and 
I, and our government 
must avoid the impulse to live only for today, plundering, for ow own ease and 
convenience, the precious resources of tomorrow. We cannot mortgage the material assets of our grandchildren 
without risking the loss also of their political and spiritual heritage. We want democracy to survive for all 
generations to come, not to become the insolvent phantom of tomorrow. 
VI. 
Down the long lane of the history yet to be written America knows that this world of ours, ever growing smaller, 
must avoid becoming a community of dreadful fear and hate, and be instead, a proud confederation of mutual trust 
and respect. 
Such a confederation must be one of equals. The weakest must come to the conference table with the same 
confidence as do we. protected as we are by our moral, economic, and military strength. That table, though scarred 
by many past frustrations, cannot be abandoned for the certain agony of the battlefield. 
Disarmament, with mutual honor and confidence, is a continuing imperative. Together we must learn how to 
compose differences, not with arms, but with intellect and decent purpose. Because this need is so sharp and 
apparent I confess that I lay down my official responsibilities in this field with a definite sense of disappointment. 
As one who has witnessed the horror and the lingering sadness of war -- as one who knows that another war could 
utterly destroy this civilization which has been so slowly and painfully built over thousands of years -• I wish I could 
say tonight that a lasting peace is in sight. 
Happily, I can say that war has been avoided. Steady progress toward ow ultimate goal has been made. But, so 
much remains to be done. As a private citizen, I shall never cease to do what little I can to help the world advance 
along that road. 
VII. 
So -- in this my last good night to you as your President -- I thank you for the many opportunities you have given me 
for public service in war and peace. I trust that in that service you find some things worthy; as for the rest of it, I 
know you will find ways to improve performance in the future. 
You and I -- my fellow citizens -- need to be strong in our faith that all nations, under God, will reach the goal of 
peace with justice. May we be ever unswerving in devotion to principle, confident but humble with power, diligent 
in pursuit of the Nation's great goals. 
To all the peoples of the world. I once more give expression to America's prayerful and continuing aspiration: 
EFTA00593139
--- PAGE 4 ---
We pray that peoples of all faiths, all races, all nations, may have their great human needs satisfied; that those now 
denied opportunity shall come to enjoy it to the full; that all who yearn for freedom may experience its spiritual 
blessings; that those who have freedom will understand, also, its heavy responsibilities; that all who are insensitive 
to the needs of others will learn charity; that the scourges of poverty, disease and ignorance will be made to 
disappear from the earth, and that, in the goodness of time, all peoples will come to live together in a peace 
guaranteed by the binding force of mutual respect and love. 
EFTA00593140

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593141.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593141.pdf
----------------------------------------
4e tlashington pot 
November 2, 2012 
U.S. approaches 'fiscal cliff,' and world 
watches from the sidelines 
By Howard Schneider 
A man looks at the stock price monitors in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Officials in Brazil and elsewhere say they are worried that 
economic shock waves from major changes In U.S. tax and spending policies will rock countries around the world. 
BRASILIA — As Washington approaches the so-called "fiscal cliff," officials in Brazil and elsewhere say 
they are worried that economic shock waves from major changes in U.S. tax and spending policies will 
rock countries around the world. 
"It is so obvious it is a problem," said Carlos Marcio Cozendey, head of international affairs at the 
Brazilian finance ministry. 
Page I 1 of 3 
EFTA00593141
--- PAGE 2 ---
If U.S. policymakers can't break their standoff over how to tame the federal deficit before the end of the 
year, dramatic increases in taxes and cuts in government spending will automatically start to kick in. 
Economists warn this could knock the world's biggest economy back into recession with spillover effects 
for other countries. 
"The issue is frozen, and we and everybody else are hoping" it gets resolved, Cozendey said. 
The potential fallout from the U.S. fiscal cliff could move it to center stage, ahead of the European debt 
crisis, as the most pressing risk to world economic growth. This is a reminder of the paramount role that 
the United States plays in the world economy. 
Analyses by the International Monetary Fund, private analysts and credit-rating companies have all 
painted a grim picture if U.S. officials fail to resolve the current stalemate: a downturn in global trade; a 
sharp fall in commodity prices; a blow to confidence that could undermine investment and bank lending 
around the world. 
"The US fiscal cliff represents the single biggest near-term threat to a global economic recovery," the 
Fitch Ratings service said in a recent analysis. "[T]he dramatic fiscal tightening implied by the fiscal cliff 
could tip the US and possibly the global economy into recession. At the very least it would be likely to 
halve the rate of global growth in 2013." 
When Group of 20 finance ministers and central bankers meet in Mexico next week, the United States 
— never shy about using the bully pulpit to lecture other countries — is expected to bear the brunt of 
the lecturing this time. From major emerging markets to top trading partners like Canada, the message 
has been consistent: Just fix it. 
"We want to encourage our American friends to get on the issue of the fiscal cliff as soon as possible 
after the U.S. election," Canadian Finance Minister James Flaherty told the Reuters wire service this 
week. "If the fiscal cliff were not resolved and all the measures were to come into force on the books in 
the United States, the U.S. would almost certainly be in recession next year" and start dragging 
countries like Canada along with it. 
The impact is hard to measure, but analysts agree it would be dramatic — with few major nations 
avoiding damage. 
At recent International Monetary Fund meetings in Japan, IMF managing director Christine Lagarde said 
she thought the fiscal cliff was already hurting world economic conditions by raising doubts about future 
growth. 
Between the possibility of a breakup in the euro zone and a fiscal crash in the United States, "there is a 
level of uncertainty which is hampering decision-makers from investing, from creating jobs," she said. 
The IMF has estimated that the automatic spending cuts and tax increases would knock perhaps four 
percentage points of growth off of a U.S. economy that is already only growing at 2 percent annually. 
Page 12 of 3 
EFTA00593142
--- PAGE 3 ---
That means a serious blow to trade with Canada and Mexico — the countries likely to lose the most 
because their economies are so closely integrated with the United States. But it also means slower 
growth in China as U.S. imports fall, shaving perhaps as much as a full percentage point from a major 
Asian economy that is already slowing. 
Brazil, by world standards, has a relatively small portion of its economy tied up in trade. But it relies 
heavily on commodity exports, and any downturn in manufacturing centers like China would likely mean 
Brazil earns less for its iron ore, copper and other commodities. 
While Brazilian officials say they assume that Washington will find a way to avoid the automatic tax 
hikes and spending cuts, many in Brazil recall that their economy has suffered before from 
developments in the United States. The U.S. financial crisis that started in 2007 and spiked with the 
failure of Lehman Brothers dealt a stiff blow to Brazil's economy. And repeated efforts by the U.S. 
Federal Reserve to lift the U.S. economy with massive infusions of cash is blamed in Brazil for a long list 
of local problems as money gushed from the United States into world markets. 
Now comes the prospect of the fiscal cliff. As they battle their own recent slowdown, the the last thing 
Brazilian officials say they want to confront is a drop in earnings from their export of commodities. 
"If you have a U.S. recession, it affects the whole world," Cozendey said. 
The Washington Post Company 
Page 13 of 3 
EFTA00593143

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593144.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593144.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ebe :New jjork as ws 'co in I( 
I 
2) 2 
Nonpartisan Tax Report Withdrawn After G.O.P. 
Protest 
Mitch McConnell, the Senate Republican leader, center, and other Republicans raised concerns with an 
economic report that questions a central tenet of conservative economic theory. 
By JONATHAN WEISMAN 
WASHINGTON — The Congressional Research Service has withdrawn an economic report that found no 
correlation between top tax rates and economic growth, a central tenet of conservative economy theory, 
after Senate Republicans raised concerns about the paper's findings and wording. 
The decision, made in late September against the advice of the agency's economic team leadership, drew 
almost no notice at the time. Senator Charles E. Schumer, Democrat of New York, cited the study a week 
and a half after it was withdrawn in a speech on tax policy at the National Press Club. 
But it could actually draw new attention to the report, which questions the premise that lowering the top 
marginal tax rate stimulates economic growth and job creation. 
Page I 1 of 4 
EFTA00593144
--- PAGE 2 ---
"This has hues of a banana republic," Mr. Schumer said. "They didn't like a report, and instead of 
rebutting it, they had them take it down." 
Republicans did not say whether they had asked the research service, a nonpartisan arm of the Library of 
Congress, to take the report out of circulation, but they were clear that they protested its tone and 
findings. 
Don Stewart, a spokesman for the Senate Republican leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, said Mr. 
McConnell and other senators "raised concerns about the methodology and other flaws." Mr. Stewart 
added that people outside of Congress had also criticized the study and that officials at the research 
service "decided, on their own, to pull the study pending further review." 
Senate Republican aides said they protested both the tone of the report and its findings. Aides to Mr. 
McConnell presented a bill of particulars to the research service that included objections to the use of the 
term "Bush tax cuts" and the report's reference to "tax cuts for the rich," which Republicans contended 
was politically freighted. 
They also protested on economic grounds, saying that the author, Thomas L Hungerford, was looking for 
a macroeconomic response to tax cuts within the first year of the policy change without sufficiently taking 
into account the time lag of economic policies. Further, they complained that his analysis did not take into 
account other policies affecting growth, such as the Federal Reserve's decisions on interest rates. 
"There were a lot of problems with the report from a real, legitimate economic analysis perspective," said 
Antonia Ferrier, a spokeswoman for the Senate Finance Committee's Republicans. "We relayed them to 
C.R.S. It was a good discussion. We have a good, constructive relationship with them. Then it was pulled." 
The pressure applied to the research service comes amid a broader Republican effort to raise questions 
about research and statistics that were once trusted as nonpartisan and apolitical. 
The Bureau of Labor Statistics on Friday will release unemployment figures for October, a month after 
some conservatives denounced its last report as politically tinged to abet President Obama's re-election. 
When the bureau suggested its October report might be delayed by Hurricane Sandy, some conservatives 
immediately suggested politics were at play. 
Republicans have also tried to discredit the private Tax Policy Center ever since the research organization 
declared that Mitt Romney's proposal to cut tax rates by zo percent while protecting the middle class and 
not increasing the deficit was mathematically impossible. For years, conservatives have pressed the 
Page 12 of 4 
EFTA00593145
--- PAGE 3 ---
nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office to factor in robust economic growth when it is asked to calculate 
that cost of tax cuts to the federal budget. 
Congressional aides and outside economists said they were not aware of previous efforts to discredit a 
study from the research service. 
"When their math doesn't add up, Republicans claim that their vague version of economic growth will 
somehow magically make up the difference. And when that is refuted, they're left with nothing more to 
lean on than charges of bias against nonpartisan experts," said Representative Sander Levin of Michigan, 
the ranking Democrat on the House Ways and Means Committee. 
Jared Bernstein, a former economist for Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr., conceded that "tax cuts for 
the rich" was "not exactly academic prose," but he said the analysis did examine policy time lags and 
controlled for several outside factors, including monetary policy. 
"This sounds to me like a complete political hit job and another example of people who don't like the 
results and try to use backdoor ways to suppress them," he said. "I've never seen anything like this, and 
frankly, it makes me worried." 
Janine D'Addario, a spokeswoman for the Congressional Research Service, would not comment on 
internal deliberations over the decision. She confirmed that the report was no longer in official 
circulation. 
A person with knowledge of the deliberations, who requested anonymity, said the Sept. 28 decision to 
withdraw the report was made against the advice of the research service's economics division, and that 
Mr. Hungerford stood by its findings. 
The report received wide notice from media outlets and liberals and conservative policy analysts when it 
was released on Sept. 14. It examined the historical fluctuations of the top income tax rates and the rates 
on capital gains since World War II, and concluded that those fluctuations did not appear to affect the 
nation's economic growth. 
"The reduction in the top tax rates appears to be uncorrelated with saving, investment and productivity 
growth. The top tax rates appear to have little or no relation to the size of the economic pie," the report 
said. "However, the top tax rate reductions appear to be associated with the increasing concentration of 
income at the top of the income distribution." 
Pagel 3 of 4 
EFTA00593146
--- PAGE 4 ---
The Congressional Research Service does such reports at the request of lawmakers, and the research is 
considered private. Although the reports are posted on the service's Web site, they are available only to 
members and staff. Their public release is subject to lawmakers' discretion. 
But the Hungerford study was bound to be widely circulated. It emerged in the final months of a 
presidential campaign in which tax policy has been a central focus. Mitt Romney, the Republican 
nominee, strongly maintains that any increase in the top tax rates on income and capital gains would slow 
economic growth and crush the job market's tentative recovery. 
President Obama has promised to allow cuts on the top two income tax rates to expire in January, lifting 
the rates from 33 and 35 percent, their level during most of George W. Bush's presidency, to 36 percent 
and 39.6 percent, where they were during most of the Clinton administration. Mr. Obama maintains the 
increases would not hurt the economy and are the fairest way to reduce the deficit. 
Mr. Hungerford, a specialist in public finance who earned his economic doctorate from the University of 
Michigan, has contributed at least $5,000 this election cycle to a combination of Mr. Obama's campaign, the 
Democratic National Committee, the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee and the Democratic Congressional 
Campaign Committee. 
Page 'Aloft 
EFTA00593147

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593148.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593148.pdf
----------------------------------------
bashington pot 
November 4, 2012 
Middle class faces quick impact from fiscal 
cliff in form of alternative minimum tax 
By Lori Montgomery 
The fiscal cliff: Meet the key players: These are some of the leaders who will influence whether the country can avoid falling 
off the "fiscal cliff' — the set of tax hikes and spending cuts that could go into effect at beginning of next year if the 
president and lawmakers fail to reach a deal. 
The best hope for a deal to avoid the "fiscal cliff" may lie with the alternative minimum tax, an obscure 
provision of the tax code that is about to become alarmingly relevant to millions of middle-class 
taxpayers. 
Unless Congress acts by the end of the year, more than 26 million households will for the first time face 
the AMT, which threatens to tack $3,700, on average, onto taxpayers' bills for the current tax year. 
Because those people have never paid the AMT, they have no idea they are in its crosshairs — put there 
by a broader stalemate over tax policy that has kept Congress from limiting the AMT's reach. 
Page I 1 of 4 
EFTA00593148
--- PAGE 2 ---
Forget about the much-publicized tax hikes set to take effect for 2013 - if you have a couple of children 
and annual income over $75,000, chances are good that your taxes are on track to go up substantially 
for 2012. 
Residents of high-cost urban areas, including Washington, would be hit hardest, with about 2 million 
households in Maryland, Virginia and the District in line to face the AMT for the first time, by official 
estimates. 
Unlike most tax increases in the fiscal cliff, including the expiration of the George W. Bush-era income 
tax cuts, the AMT bill would come due almost immediately. And tax experts say it would be extremely 
disruptive to try to fix the AMT after the 2012 tax year closes Dec. 31. 
Officials with the Internal Revenue Service and the Treasury Department declined to comment on the 
impact of adjusting the AMT after December. But congressional tax aides said the IRS has advised 
Congress that trying to fix the AMT after the filing season begins in January would lead to processing 
delays of more than two months for nearly half of all returns — significantly postponing the delivery of 
refunds. 
"That would be a disaster, an unmitigated disaster for the taxpayers of the United States. It's just not 
possible to do that," said Nina Olson, national taxpayer advocate at the IRS. Olson noted that many 
people count on their -refunds, which average around $3,000, to cover immediate needs. For example, 
she said, many utilities do not do shut-offs for nonpayment in January and February, because they know 
people will use their tax refunds to get caught up on their heating bills. 
Lobbyists and aides in both parties say it is hard to imagine Congress letting the new year arrive without 
legislation to restrict the AMT. Optimists say the need to fix the problem could force Republicans and 
Democrats to come together on a plan to address the fiscal cliff, which comprises $500 billion in tax 
hikes and automatic spending cuts set to take effect in January, potentially snuffing out the country's 
economic recovery. 
The alternative minimum tax was created in 1969 to prevent the super-rich from using credits, 
deductions and other shelters to avoid taxes altogether. In simple terms, it's a flat tax with two brackets, 
percent and 28 percent. Breaks for dependents, medical expenses, and state and local taxes are all 
disallowed. Instead, taxpayers get a single big deduction, called the AMT exemption, which usually rises 
with inflation. Taxpayers who owe more under AMT rules than under normal tax rules must pay the 
higher amount. 
Over the decades, the AMT has ceased to affect the extremely rich, because their tax bills are higher 
than the AMT rates. Instead, the inflation-adjusted AMT has come to target 4 million to 5 million 
taxpayers with annual incomes between $200,000 and $1 million. 
This year, however, a gridlocked Congress has failed to approve the inflation "patch" that prevents 
millions of people from falling into the AMT's grasp. The last patch expired in December. If a new one is 
not enacted, the AMT will hit 31 million taxpayers this year, reaching deeply into the middle class. 
Page 12 of 4 
EFTA00593149
--- PAGE 3 ---
In the District and Maryland, where about 6 percent of taxpayers have become accustomed to paying 
the AMT, the figure would jump to 41 percent in D.C. and 38 percent in Maryland, according to official 
estimates. In Virginia, where 4 percent of taxpayers have routinely paid the AMT, the figure would 
increase to 28 percent. 
Residents in other high-cost areas would also get socked. In New Jersey, for instance, where people are 
still digging out from Hurricane Sandy, taxpayers would face a fresh burst of bad news when they break 
out the TurboTax early next year. More than half of all Garden State households would owe 
unexpectedly large tax bills, the highest percentage in the country. 
Nationwide, nearly one in five taxpayers is in line to pay the AMT. And while the levy is causing 
bipartisan nightmares, urban states — which tend to lean Democratic — are by far the most vulnerable. 
That poses a challenge for Democrats planning to use the fiscal cliff as leverage to force Republicans to 
raise taxes on the wealthy to help reduce the federal budget deficit. President Obama has threatened to 
veto legislation that extends the Bush tax cuts for the wealthiest 3 percent of households, a top GOP 
priority. 
If Obama wins reelection Tuesday and Republicans refuse to give in, Democrats say they are prepared to 
sail over the cliff and let the Bush tax cuts expire for everyone for the 2013 tax year. That would put 
them in position to press legislation in January to restore the Bush tax cuts — probably in a different 
form — for taxpayers earning less than $250,000 a year. 
But the AMT could throw a wrench into those plans, because there is no easy way to deal with the levy 
once the cliff is breached. 
For the moment, party leaders are blaming each other for not addressing the problem. To Republicans, 
the AMT is another reason to "extend all the expiring tax policy so we can overhaul the tax code to 
create jobs, spur economic growth and get rid of the AMT once and for all," said Antonia Ferrier, 
spokeswoman for Sen. Orrin G. Hatch (Utah), the senior Republican on the Senate Finance Committee. 
Democrats, meanwhile, accuse Republicans of holding AMT payers hostage in the pursuit of tax 
advantages for millionaires. "The fact that Republicans are willing to risk not doing an AMT patch —
which has always been bipartisan and relatively noncontroversial — shows to what extreme they're 
willing to go to protect the wealthy few," said Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.). 
According to estimates by the Tax Policy Center, more than half of all married couples will owe an 
additional tax of around $4,000 unless Congress acts. And more than a third of families with children will 
fall subject to the AMT, with parents of three or more children facing an extra tax of $4,700. 
Among married couples with at least two children and adjusted gross income between $75,000 and 
$100,000, the center estimates that 84 percent will face a significantly higher tax bill this year because 
of the AMT. 
Page 13 of 4 
EFTA00593150
--- PAGE 4 ---
There is also the possibility that some people could face penalties for failing to withhold a sufficient 
amount throughout the year to cover a tax they did not know they would owe, said Leonard Burman, a 
tax expert at Syracuse University. 
"But politically, it's inconceivable that Congress would let that happen," Burman said. "They're all 
playing this dangerous game of chicken." 
Percentage of each state's taxpayers that would be subject 
to the AMT in the 2012 tax year if Congress does not act: 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
Ark 
ast 
Highest 
percentage 
New Jersey 
50.3% 
Lowest percentage 
Tennessee 8.3% 
Portion of households facing the AMT 
under current law, by income level 
Percentage 
Average increase in 
Income level 
paying AMT 
household tax bill 
Less than $30,000 
0.3% 
$513 
530,000 to 550,000 
2.6 
1,585 
$50,000 to $75,000 
12.4 
1,250 
$75,000 to $100,000 
45.5 
1,225 
$100,000 to $200,000 
82.9 
2,678 
$200,000 to $500,000 
96.9 
9,441 
$500,000 to $1,000,000 
78.5 
14,856 
$1,000,000 or more 
36.5 
51,622 
The Washington Post Company 
Page 14 of 4 
EFTA00593151

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593152.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593152.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Deutsche Bank AG New York 
Preferred Certificates of Deposit (CDs) 
In times of economic uncertainty, traditional banking products offer a predictable rate 
of return. Deutsche Bank AG New York Preferred CDs "Deutsche Bank AG Preferred 
CDs" offer a balance between your short-term liquidity needs and long-term strategic 
objectives, allowing you to purchase one or many deposits with a variety of maturities 
and interest rates. 
Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD Promotional Client Rates (Not FDIC Insured) 
Available August 11, 2014 to October 17, 2014 
Tenor 
Interest Rate' 
Annual Percentage Yield' 
7-month 
0.50% 
0.50% 
13-month 
18-month 
0.75% 
0.75% 
1.00% 
1.01% 
Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD Client Rates (Not FDIC Insured) 
As of July 30, 2014 
Interest Rate' 
Annual Percentage Yield* 
1-month 
0.19% 
0.19% 
3-month 
0.22% 
0.22% 
6-month 
0.31% 
0.31% 
12-month 
0.59% 
0.59% 
24-month 
0.80% 
0.80% 
• Note: These rates are only applicable as of the date shown. The annual percentage yield on a Preferred CD assumes that interest will 
remain on deposit until maturity. A withdrawal will reduce the interest earned on the Preferred CD. Rates are subject to change and 
fluctuate daily. Interest earned on the Preferred CDs with original maturities of one year or less than one year will be paid at the maturity 
of such Preferred CD and interest earned on Preferred CDs with original maturities of more than one year will be paid annually and at 
maturity. Interest begins to accrue on the date that Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch receives proceeds in amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Preferred CDs that you purchase. which will be on the business day on which you agree to purchase the Preferred CD. 
EFTA00593152
--- PAGE 2 ---
Terms 
Issuer 
Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch 
Minimum Investment 
$250,000 
Maximum Investment 
$50,000,000 per client per term 
Asset Protection 
Not FDIC insured 
Currency 
USD denomination only 
Available Terms 
Promotional Terms 
1-month, 3-month, 6-month, 12-month, and 24-month 
7-month, 13-month, and 18-month 
No additional deposits or partial withdrawals may be made. No early withdrawals 
will be available but may be permitted by Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch in its 
sole discretion. Deutsche Bank is required to impose a penalty if a withdrawal is 
requested within the first six days after opening and funding the Preferred CD. 
The penalty will equal seven days of simple interest on the amount withdrawn. 
After the initial six day period, the Bank will impose a penalty if you withdraw the 
deposited funds before the maturity date. The penalty will equal 30 days of 
simple interest on the principal amount of the Preferred CD if the CD has a 
maturity of one year or less or all the interest if the CD has a maturity of less 
than one month. If the Preferred CD has a maturity greater than one year, the 
penalty will equal three months of simple interest on the principal balance of the 
CD. 
Early Withdrawals 
Additional Information 
—At maturity, the principal and accrued interest will be transferred to your 
DBTCA deposit account established on or about the date of your purchasing 
the Preferred CD. 
— No interest will accrue after maturity of the Preferred CD. 
—The Preferred CD will NOT automatically roll over. 
This material has been prepared for discussion purposes only and is not intended to be an offer or soficitation, or the basis for any contract 
to purchase or sell any security, or other instrument, or for Deutsche Bank AG to enter into or arrange any type of transaction as a 
consequence of any information contained herein. These investments may not be suitable for all Private Customers of Deutsche Bank AG 
and advice should be sought from your relationship manager in cases of uncertainty. We assume no responsibility to advise the recipients 
of this document with regard to changes in our views. No product or service offered by any entity within Deutsche Bank AG is guaranteed 
by any other entity within Deutsche Bank AG unless specifically agreed in writing. 
Banking deposit products are offered through Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch and are not insured by the FDIC. 
Deutsche Bank AG. including its subsidiaries and affiliates. does not provide legal. tax or accounting advice. This communication was not 
intended or written to be used. and cannot be used or relied upon. by any taxpayer for purposes of avoiding any U.S. federal tax penalties. 
The recipient of this communication should seek advice from an independent tax advisor regarding any tax matters addressed herein 
Deutsche Bank AG New York Preferred Cenificates of Deposit (CDs) 
EFTA00593153
--- PAGE 3 ---
based on their particular circumstances. This information also is not financial advice or a solicitation. Recipients should consult their 
applicable professional advisors prior to acting on any information set forth herein. Pursuant to IRS regulations. we inform you that any tax 
advice contained in this communication (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used for purposes of (i) avoiding tax 
related penalties. or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter referred to herein. 
"Deutsche Bank.' means Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliated companies. Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management represents the asset 
management and wealth management activities conducted by Deutsche Bank AG or its subsidiaries. Banking and lending services are 
offered through Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. member FDIC. and other members of the Deutsche Bank Group. 
2014 Deutsche Bank AG. All rights reserved. 018774 072810 PREF-CO 
Deutsche Bank AG New York Preferred Certificates of Deposit (CDs) 
EFTA00593154

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593155.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593155.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Deutsche Bank AG New York 
Preferred Certificates of Deposit 
In times of economic uncertainty, traditional banking products offer a predictable 
rate of return. Deutsche Bank AG New York Preferred Certificates of Deposit 
(Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs) offer a balance between your short-term 
liquidity needs and long-term strategic objectives, allowing you to purchase one 
or many deposits with a variety of maturities and interest rates. 
Strategic features 
— Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs provide clients with short-and long-term solutions for a strategic cash 
position within their portfolios 
— Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs may offer competitive yields relative to other cash investment alternatives 
— Current Deutsche Bank AG clients can use their existing Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
deposit account to purchase Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs 
— Laddered Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs may help to mitigate market risk and offer competitive 
returns as well as a tailored balance between long-term returns and short-term liquidity 
— Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CDs can be timed to help fund strategic payments such as real estate, 
insurance premiums and charitable commitments 
— Deutsche Bank AG's credit ratings are among the highest in the financial industry. Please visit 
http://www.db.com/iden/contentiratings.htm for current Deutsche Bank AG ratings' 
Low interest rates 
Issuer 
Minimum Investment 
Maximum Investment 
Asset Protection 
Currency 
Available Terms 
EadyWithdrawals 
AdditionalInformation 
Increasing cash 
deposits 
Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch 
$250.000 
Need for alternative 
liquidity solutions 
$50.000.000 per client per term 
Not FDIC insured 
USD denomination only 
1-month. 3-month, 6-month. 12-month. 24-month, and other tenors for promotional purposes. 
No additional deposits or partial withdrawals may be made. No early withdrawals will be available but 
may be permitted by Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch in its sole discretion. 
—At maturity, the principal and accrued interest will be transferred to your DBTCA deposit account 
established on or about the date of your purchasing the Preferred CD.' 
— No interest will accrue after maturity of the Preferred CD. 
—The Preferred CD will NOT automatically roll over. 
EFTA00593155
--- PAGE 2 ---
Please contact your Primary Officer for information or current interest rates. 
No penalty will be charged for early withdrawal upon the death or loss of legal competency of any individual who is the account 
holder of the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD. We may request a certified copy of the death certificate or any other documentation we 
may deem necessary in our sole discretion. 
The annual percentage yield on a Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD assumes that interest will remain on deposit until maturity. A 
withdrawal will reduce the interest earned on the CD. The interest rates offered by Deutsche Bank AG are subject to change and 
fluctuate daily. 
'A credit rating is assigned by leading global ratings agencies and is an assessment of a creditor'stbond issuer's solvency and 
ability to meet its financial commitments. While credit ratings and associated research enable investors to measure their 
investment risk, credit ratings do not remove market risk and are subject to change. 
Interest earned on the Preferred CDs with original maturities of one year or less than one year vall be paid at maturity and interest 
earned on Preferred CDs with original maturities of more than one year will be paid annually and at maturity. The Deutsche Bank 
AG Preferred CD will NOT pay interest after maturity. 
In the event you wish to make an early withdrawal of your Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD. and such withdrawal is permitted by us 
in our sole discretion. we Will impose a penalty if you withdraw the deposited funds within the first six days after purchasing your NY 
Branch CD in accordance with Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board. The penalty will equal seven days' simple interest on the 
amount withdrawn. After the initial six day period, we will impose a penalty if you withdraw the deposited funds before the maturity 
date. The penalty will equal 30 days' simple interest on the principal amount of the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD if the CD has a 
maturity of one year or less or all interest if the CD has a maturity of less than one month. If the Deutsche Bank AG Preferred CD has 
a maturity greater than one year. the penalty will equal three months' simple interest on the principal balance of the CD. 
This material has been prepared for discussion purposes only and is not intended to be an offer or solicitation. or the basis for any 
contract to purchase or sell any security. or other instrument. or for Deutsche Bank AG to enter into or arrange any type of transaction 
as a consequence of any information contained herein. These investments may not be suitable for all Private Customers of Deutsche 
Bank AG and advice should be sought from your relationship manager in cases of uncertainty. We assume no responsibility to 
advise the recip4ents of this document with regard to changes in our views. No product or service offered by any entity within 
Deutsche Bank AG is guaranteed by any other entity within Deutsche Bank AG unless specifically agreed in writing. 
Banking deposit products are offered through Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch. 
Deutsche Bank AG. including its subsidiaries and affiliates. does not provide legal, tax or accounting advice. This communication 
was not intended or written to be used. and cannot be used or relied upon. by any taxpayer for purposes of avoiding any U.S. federal 
tax penalties. The recipient of this communication should seek advice from an independent tax advisor regarding any tax matters 
addressed herein based on their particular circumstances. This information also is not financial advice or a solicitation. Recipents 
should consult their applicable professional advisors prior to acting on any information sot forth herein. Pursuant to IRS regulations. 
we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be 
used for purposes of (i) avoiding tax related penalties. or (ii) promoting. marketing or recommending to another party any transaction 
or matter referred to herein. 
'Deutsche Bank' means Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliated companies. Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management represents the 
asset management and wealth management activities conducted by Deutsche Bank AG or its subsidiaries. Banking and lending services 
are offered through Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. member FDIC. and other members of the Deutsche Bank Group. 
O2014 Deutsche Bank AG. All rights reserved. WM145358 018772.072914 PREF-CD 
EFTA00593156

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593157.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593157.pdf
----------------------------------------
eu 
e =an 
roup a ua ion 
a emen 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
Request 182298 
As of SO Jul 14 
Jul 2014 
Page 1 Of 2 
Deutsche Bank AG 
For Sales Inquiries Contact: 
Tazia Smith (Tel) 
(Email) 
For questions relating to this statement contact 
Valuations NY (Tel) 1 
(Email) 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
To: 
Jabwcpa Gmail (Email) 
Harrybeller Gmail (Email) 
Richard Kahn12 (Email) 
Gedeon Pinedo (Email) 
,Vahe Stepanian (Email) 
.Joseph Cothron (Email) 
.Tazia Smith (Email) 
.Amanda Kirby (Email) 
Paul Morris (Email) 
Fx Rates: 
USD1EUR = .7474679523 
Note:-All Values are shown from the DB Group's point of view. A negative Value therefore expresses an amount which is in your favour, while a positive amount is one which is in DB Group favour. The terms and conditions of each transaction are specified in the 
relevant trade Confirmation. 
Deutsche Bank Group ("DB") is providing the valuations set forth above as an accommodation to you solely for your own internal use. Unless expressly stated otherwise, valuations represent DB's current economic assessment of the transaction or instrument as 
of the date specified. DB's economic assessment is typically derived all or in part from model prices, external sources, market prices and/or DB's internal books and records prices. Valuations may be adjusted to take into account market, liquidity, credit, 
operational or other risks, and/or to reflect adjustments based upon our willingness to unwind all or part of your position or revenue that has been generated but not yet recognized by DB ("Premium Adjustments"). Such Premium Adjustments will generally 
always decline over time, as DB's appetite to unwind at a premium will generally decline over time, which will lead to lower valuations in the absence of changes in market conditions. Valuations, including those containing Premium Adjustments, may not 
represent the terms at which new transactions or instruments could be entered into with DB or the terms at which existing transactions or instruments could be liquidated or unwound with DB. DB may change its valuation methodology and the related 
adjustments and assumptions at any time, so that future valuations may be less favourable than the current ones, even in the absence of an adverse development in market conditions. Valuations based on different assumptions or calculated using other 
methodologies may also yield different results and any adjustments may not apply for the duration of the transaction or instrument. My subsequent valuations provided to you will almost certainly differ from this valuation. This difference can be less favourable to 
you, and due to the volatility of market conditions. the size or notional amount of the decrease or increase and other factors, the differential could be substantial. DB shall not be liable for any errors or omissions made in calculating or disseminating valuations, or 
for any inaccuracies or flaws in the methodologies, adjustments or assumptions. DB specifically disclaims liability for any losses or damages (incidental, consequential or otherwise) that may arise from valuations that are either used or relied upon by you or any 
other party for any reason including, without limitafion, your use of valuations in preparation of your own financial books and records. 
Statement ID: 182298_20140730_20140731_1 
EFTA00593157
--- PAGE 2 ---
k 
Ieu s e =an 
roup Ta ua ion 
a emen 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
Request 182298 
t 
As of 30 Jul 14 
A 
Jul 2014 
Page 2 Of 2 
Deutsche Bank AG 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
FX•OPe 
Settlement 
Not.Ccy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
Not.Amt 1 
Not.Amt 2 
Not.Ccy 
Long/ Shod 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
SOUTHERN 
FxEuro0pt 
21.Nov.2013 
20.Nov-2014 
25.Nov.2014 
0.000.000.001 
USD 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneBarOnoT 
21.Nov-2013 
20.Nov-2014 
25.Nov.2014 
(21.000.00) 
USD 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
ouchOpl 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneBarOnoT 
21.Nov-2013 
20.Nov-2014 
25.Nov.2014 
(21.000.00) 
USD 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
ouchOpl 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneBarOnoT 
21.Nov-2013 
20.Nov-2014 
25.Nov.2014 
(21.000.00; 
USD 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
ouchOpl 
SOUTHERN 
RELtoOpl 
06.Jun.2014 
08•Sep-2014 
10.Sep.2014 
10.000.000.00 
EUR 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
REwoOpl 
06.Jun.2014 
08•Sep-2014 
10.Sep.2014 
10.000.000.00 
EUR 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
101.000.000 
(13.450.000.00) 
(13.800.000.00) 
JPY 
JPY 
JPY 
JPY 
USD 
USD 
SHORT 
LONG 
LONG 
LONG 
SHORT 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
PUT 
CALL 
101.0000 
0.0000 
0.0000 
0.0000 
1.3450 
1.3800 
124.521 .651 
5.836.31 
3.937.76 
2.667.67 
d22.444.271 
1.840.33 
Subtotal: 
132.68384'. 
Statement ID: 182298_20140730_20140731_1 
Total: 
(132.683.84) 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
EFTA00593158

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593159.pdf
----------------------------------------
MEMORANDUM OF TERMS 
FOR PRIVATE PLACEMENT OF 
SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK OF 
ARTSPACE MARKETPLACE, INC. 
12/21/2012 
This memorandum summarizes the principal terms of the Series B round venture capital 
financing of ARTSPACE MARKETPLACE, INC. (the "comnanv"). 
The completion of the 
transactions contemplated by this memorandum will be subject to, among other things, satisfactory 
completion of financial and legal due diligence by the Investors, as well as the completion of final 
documents acceptable to the Investors and the Company. 
OfferInt Terms 
Issuer: 
ARTSPACE MARKETPLACE, INC., a Delaware corporation (the 
"Company"). 
Investors: 
Total Investment: 
Founders: 
Chris Vroom & Catherine Levene (the "foam") 
Securities to be issued: 
Series B Preferred Stock. 
Investor Name 
Amount 
Canaan Partners 
55.800.000 
Others 
51.200.000 
$7.000,000 
Price: 
The per share price shall reflect a pre-money valuation of 517,000,000. 
The number of shares of Common Stock and options available for 
issuance under the Company's stock option plans shall equal 10% of the 
fully diluted capitalization of the Company following the closing of the 
financing. 
Expected Closing Date: 
On or about Jan 21, 2013 (the "Closing"). The Company may sell, 
within 90 days following the Closing, up to $1,200,000 of additional 
shares of Series B Preferred Stock not sold at the Closing to purchasers 
mutually acceptable to the Investors and the Company. Canaan Partners 
has the option, but not the obligation to invest any of $1,200,000 not 
invested by a 3rd party. 
EFTA00593159
--- PAGE 2 ---
Terms of Series B Preferred Stock 
Certificate of Incorporation 
Dividends: 
Annual 8% dividend on the Series B Preferred Stock, payable when and 
if declared by Board, and prior and in preference to any declaration or 
payment of other dividends; dividends are not cumulative. For any other 
dividends or similar distributions, Preferred Stock participates with 
Common Stock on an as-converted basis. 
Liquidation Preference: 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the proceeds 
shall be distributed to the stockholders as follows: 
First pay Ix the original purchase price plus declared but unpaid 
dividends on each share of Series B Preferred Stock (the "Series B 
Liquidation Preference"). Upon full payment of the forgoing amounts, 
then pay lx the original purchase price plus declared but unpaid 
dividends on each share of Series A Preferred Stock. Any remaining 
proceeds shall be paid to the holders of Common Stock. 
A sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, a merger, 
reorganization or other transaction in which 50% of the outstanding 
voting power of the Company is transferred and an exclusive, irrevocable 
licensing of all or substantially all of the Company's intellectual property 
to a third party will be treated as a liquidation event (each a "Liquidation 
Event"), thereby triggering the liquidation payment. The holders of a 
majority of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock 
(collectively, the "Preferred Stock"), voting together as a single class, 
and which shall include the holders of a majority of the Series B 
Preferred Stock (the "Requisite Majority") may waive the treatment of 
such a transaction as a liquidation event. 
Redemption: 
Series B Preferred Stock shall be redeemable at the election of holders of 
a majority of the outstanding Series B Preferred Stock on or after five 
years in three equal, annual installments, or as soon thereafter as legally 
permissible, at a price equal to the original purchase price plus declared, 
but unpaid dividends. 
To the extent that the Company's financial 
position does not permit such redemption under applicable corporate 
laws, any shares required to be redeemed shall be redeemed at such time 
as the Company is legally able to do so. Holders of unredeemed shares 
of Series B Preferred Stock shall have all rights previously available to 
holders of such stock. 
Conversion: 
Each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall initially be convertible into 
one share of Common Stock (subject to antidilution adjustment as 
described below) at any time at the holder's option 
Automatic Conversion: 
The Preferred Stock automatically converts into Common Stock upon the 
earlier of (i) the election of the Requisite Majority or (ii) the 
EFTA00593160
--- PAGE 3 ---
Price-Based Antidilution 
Adjustments 
Other Antidilution 
Adjustments: 
Voting Rights: 
consummation of an underwritten public offering with a price per share 
of 4x the original issue price for the Series B Preferred Stock, and 
aggregate gross proceeds in excess of $30,000,000 (a "Qualified Public 
Offering"). 
Conversion ratio for Series B Preferred Stock shall be adjusted on a 
broad-based weighted average basis in the event of an issuance below the 
Series B Preferred Stock price, as adjusted. 
No adjustment shall be made for (i) the sale of shares of Common Stock 
reserved for employees and other service providers, approved by the 
Board, (ii) Common Stock issued pursuant to a stock split or similar 
reorganization, (iii) Common Stock issued upon conversion of Preferred 
Stock, (iv) securities issued in connection with a bona fide business 
acquisition by the Company, approved by the Board, or an initial public 
offering, (v) securities issued to persons or entities with which the 
Company has business relationships, which issuances are approved by 
the Board, and for primarily non-equity financing purposes, (vi) 
securities issued or issuable pursuant to equipment lease financings or 
bank credit arrangements that are approved by the Board, and for 
primarily non-equity financing purposes. 
Proportional adjustments for stock splits and stock dividends and similar 
events. 
Votes on an as-converted basis, but also has class and series vote as 
provided by law. 
In addition, approval of the Requisite Majority 
required on (i) the creation or authorization of any senior or gait passa
security, (ii) payment of dividends on any class of stock, (iii) 
redemptions or repurchases of Common Stock or Preferred Stock, except 
for purchases at cost upon termination of service or the exercise by the 
Company of contractual rights of first refusal over such shares, (iv) 
consummation of any Liquidation Event, (v) any increase or decrease in 
the number of authorized shares of Series B Preferred Stock or Common 
Stock, (vi) creation or authorization of any indebtedness in excess of 
$250,000 unless approved by the Board, including the Series B Director, 
(vii) creation of any subsidiary that is not a wholly-owned subsidiary or 
disposition of any subsidiary stock or all or substantially of any 
subsidiary assets, (iix) any amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation 
or Bylaws and (ix) any increase or decrease in the size of the Board. 
Terms of Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement 
Representations and 
Standard representations and warranties by the Company. 
Warranties: 
Conditions to Closing: 
(a) Standard conditions to Closing, which shall include, among other 
things, satisfactory completion of financial and legal due diligence by the 
EFTA00593161
--- PAGE 4 ---
Investors. 
(b) Investors shall have received a customary opinion of counsel for the 
Company. 
(c) All current and former employees and consultants shall have entered 
into the Company's standard form proprietary information and inventions 
agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Investors. 
(d) Board composition at Closing shall be as described under "Board of 
Directors" below. 
(e) The Company shall have entered into indemnification agreements 
with the Series B Director (and affiliated funds) in a form acceptable to 
such director. 
(f) The Company shall have obtained D&O insurance in an amount and 
upon terms acceptable to the Investors. 
(g) Any other closing conditions: key man insurance, execution of 
material contracts, etc. 
Expenses: 
Counsel to the Investors will draft documents. The Company shall pay, 
at the closing, reasonable fees and expenses of Investors' counsel, not to 
exceed $30,000. The financing documents shall be based on the model 
NVCA form agreements. 
Terms of Investor Rights Agreement 
Registration Rights: 
(a) Demand Rights 
Beginning on the earlier of five years from the 
Closing or six (6) months following the Company's IPO, two demand 
registrations for underwritten public offerings upon initiation by holders 
of at least 50% of outstanding Preferred Stock (or Common Stock 
issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock or any combination 
thereof) for aggregate proceeds in excess of 515,000,000. Expenses paid 
by Company, including expenses of one counsel for the selling 
stockholders (not to exceed $35,000). 
(b) Pinvback Rights. Investors in Preferred Stock will have unlimited 
piggyback registration rights, subject to pro rata cutback at the 
underwriter's discretion. Full cutback upon the IPO; 30% minimum 
inclusion thereafter. Investors will not be subject to cutback unless all 
other selling stockholders are excluded from registration. Expenses paid 
by Company, including expenses of one counsel for the selling 
stockholders (not to exceed S15,000). 
(c) $-3 Rights. Unlimited S-3 Registrations of at least 53,000,000, each 
upon initiation by holders of 10% of the outstanding Preferred Stock. 
Registration rights terminate (i) five years after the Qualified Public 
Offering; or (ii) as to any holders of less than one percent (1%) of the 
EFTA00593162
--- PAGE 5 ---
Market Stand-Off: 
Right of First Offer: 
Financial Information: 
outstanding shares, when such shares held can be sold in any 90-day 
period under Rule 144, whichever occurs first. 
No future registration rights may be granted without consent of the 
Requisite Majority, unless subordinate to the Investors' rights. 
Prior to the Closing, all stockholders of the Company and the Investors 
shall agree not to sell or otherwise transfer an interest in any shares of 
Preferred Stock or Common Stock owned or controlled by them 
immediately prior to the closing of the WO for a period of up to 180 days 
(subject to extension to comply with Section 2711 of the F1NRA rules) 
following the IPO (provided directors and officers of the Company and 
1% stockholders agree to the same lock-up); such agreement shall 
provide that any discretionary releases from the lock-up be allocated to 
holders of registrable securities on a pro-rata basis. Such stockholders 
shall also agree to sign the underwriter's standard lock-up agreement 
reflecting the foregoing. 
The Investors holding at least 10% of the shares of Series B Preferred 
Stock shall have a pro rata right, but not an obligation, based on their 
percentage equity ownership of Common Stock, assuming full 
conversion and exercise of all outstanding convertible and exercisable 
securities, to participate in subsequent financings of the Company, other 
than (i) the issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock (or options 
therefor) to employees and similar service providers pursuant to plans 
approved by the Board, (ii) the issuance of securities pursuant to a bona 
fide, firmly underwritten public offering, (iii) the issuance of securities 
pursuant to the conversion or exercise of convertible or exercisable 
securities, (iv) the issuance of securities in connection with a bona fide 
business acquisition of or by the Company, in each case as approved by 
the Board, (v) the issuance and sale of Series B Preferred Stock pursuant 
to the Series B Stock Purchase Agreement (vi) the issuance of stock, 
warrants or other securities or rights to persons or entities with which the 
Company has business relationships approved by the Board, provided 
such issuances are for other than primarily equity financing purposes or 
(vii) the issuance of securities that, with unanimous approval of the 
Company's Board of Directors, are not offered to any existing 
stockholder of the Company. 
Any shares not subscribed for by an 
Investor may be reallocated pro rata among the other eligible Investors. 
Such right shall not apply to any public offering and will terminate 
immediately prior to a Qualified Public Offering. 
The Investors holding at least 10% shares of Preferred Stock shall receive 
standard information rights including audited financial reports within 120 
days after the end of the fiscal year, quarterly unaudited financial reports 
within 45 days after the end of each of the first three quarters, monthly 
unaudited financial reports within 30 days after the end of the month and 
annual budget and business plan prior to the beginning of a fiscal year, as 
well as standard inspection rights. Audited financial reports shall be 
prepared by an accounting firm of national standing. 
EFTA00593163
--- PAGE 6 ---
Key Person Insurance: 
Management Rights Letter: 
Board of Directors Matters 
Board of Directors: 
Directors and Officers 
Liability Insurance: 
Within 60 days of the Closing, the Company shall obtain a key person 
life insurance policy on the Founders in the amount that is reasonably 
acceptable to Canaan Partners. 
The Investor shall receive a standard management rights letter providing 
for the consultation with management on significant issues, access to the 
books, records and facilities of the Company, and board visitation rights. 
The Board shall be composed of 5 members, comprised of the following: 
(i) two 
representatives appointed by the majority of the holders of 
Common Stock (the "Founder Designees"); provided that Common 
Designees shall be designated by the Founders (one by each Founder), so 
long as such Founder owns (directly or indirectly) more than seventy 
percent (70%) of the shares of Common Stock held by such Founder as of 
the date of the Closing; (ii)) one independent board member designated by 
one or both of the Founders, so long as such Founder owns (directly or 
indirectly) more than seventy percent (70%) of the shares of Common 
Stock held by such Founder as of the date of the Closing, with the 
approval of the Board and holders of a majority of the Series B Preferred 
Stock; (iv) one representative to be appointed by the holders of a majority 
of Series B Preferred Stock, who shall be a designee of Canaan (the 
"Series B Director"), initially to be Warren Lee and (v) one representative 
to be appointed by the holders of a majority of Series A Preferred Stock 
(the "Series A Director"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) in the event 
that one of the Founder Designees is no longer serving as the Company's 
CEO, then the Board shall be expanded to 7 members and the Company's 
then-CEO shall be elected to one such additional seat and the holders of a 
majority of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to designate the 
director to hold the other newly created seat and (ii) in the event that a 
Founder is terminated "for cause," the right of such Founder to designate a 
Founder Designee shall lapse and such Founder Designee shall be 
designated by the holders of a majority of the Common Stock. "cause" 
shall mean (i) conviction of any felony or any crime involving moral turpitude or 
dishonesty; (ii) participation in a fraud or act of dishonesty that results in or 
reasonably likely to harm the Company; or (iii) any material breach of the terms 
of any material contract with, or policy of, the Company that has not been cured 
within thirty (30) days after written notice from the Company's Board of 
Directors of such breach, if such breach is reasonably subject to cure, or (iv) 
repeated and materials failure to follow the directives of the Board of Directors or 
to perform job duties, where the Founder has been notified of the failure and such 
failure has not been cured within thirty (30) days after written notice from the 
Company's Board of Directors. 
Within 60 days of the Closing, the Company shall obtain a directors and 
officers liability insurance policy in the amount and with terms 
acceptable to the Investors. 
EFTA00593164
--- PAGE 7 ---
Other Matters 
Employee Common Stock 
Vesting: 
Restrictions on Common 
Stock: 
Right of First Refusal and 
Co-Sale Right: 
Drag-Along Right: 
Unless otherwise approved by the Board, e 
vest as follows: after 12 months of empl 
remainder will vest monthly over the f 
Company shall have a repurchase option on 
(a) No transfers allowed prior to vestin 
planning. 
(b) Company right of first refusal on vest 
offering. 
(c) No transfers or sales permitted during 
days as required by underwriters in corm 
the Company. 
(d) The number of authorized shares of Co 
or decreased upon the approval of the 
outstanding shares of the Company's capit 
242 of the DGCL. 
Until the Qualified Public Offering, each I 
the shares of Preferred Stock shall have 
rata basis in transfers of any stock held b 
first refusal on such transfers, subordinate 
refusal. Any shares not subscribed for by 
pro rata among the other eligible Investo 
co-sale shall not apply, in the case of an in 
spouse or member of Founder's immedi 
planning transfers, (b) any sale to the p 
registration. 
In the event of a sale of the Corn 
recapitalization, sale of all or substantiall 
assets or otherwise (a "Proposed Sale"), 
Board, (ii) the majority of the holders o 
include each Founder who owns (dire 
seventy percent (70%) of the shares of 
Founder as of the date of the Closing, and 
remaining stockholders of the Company 
consent to, transfer their shares of capital 
other action as may be required 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the ev 
"for cause," the approval of such Found 
connection with a Proposed Sale under su 
Capitalization 
All Class B Common Stock will be cony 
in conjunction with the financing to eli 
EFTA00593165
--- PAGE 8 ---
Existing Investor 
Documents 
Publicity: 
No Shop: 
Interested Parties 
Company: 
Investors: 
and to provide that each share of Class A Common stock will be entitled 
to only one vote per share. 
The terms and conditions contained in this term sheet are subject to 
Canaan's review of the Company's existing organizational documents 
and agreements with the holders of the existing Preferred Stock and the 
terms and conditions set forth therein. 
Except as required by law, the Company will not discuss the terms of this 
Term Sheet with any person other than key officers, members of the 
Board of the Company or the Company's accountants or attorneys 
without the written consent of Investor. In addition, the Company shall 
not use an Investor's name in any manner, context or format (including 
reference on or links to websites, press releases, etc.) without the prior 
approval of such Investor. 
From the signing date hereof until the earlier of (i) 12:00 P.M. EST Time 
on February 4, 2012, (ii) the Closing or (iii) written notification by 
Canaan Venture Partners that it does not intend to proceed with the 
financing, the Company agrees that it shall not solicit, encourage others 
to solicit, encourage or accept any offers for the purchase or acquisition 
of any capital stock of the Company, of all or any substantial part of the 
assets of the Company, or proposals for any merger or consolidation 
involving the Company, and it shall not negotiate with or enter into any 
agreement or understanding with any other person with respect to any 
such transaction, provided that this No-Shop provision shall not apply to 
the Company seeking "Others" (as contemplated above) to purchase the 
balance of the Series B Preferred Stock on the terms contemplated 
hereby. 
Catherine Levene & Chris Vroom 
Arts ace Marketplace, Inc. 
New York, New York 1 10 
Pho : 
Fax: 
e-mat 
Warren Lee 
Canaan Partners 
Westport CT 
Phone: 
e-mail: 
EFTA00593166
--- PAGE 9 ---
Except as set forth below, this term sheet is nonbinding and is intended solely as a summary of 
the terms that are currently proposed by the parties. The parties acknowledge that they neither intend to 
enter, nor have they entered into, any agreement to negotiate a definitive agreement pursuant to this term 
sheet, and either party may, at any time prior to execution of such definitive agreement, propose different 
terms from those summarized herein or unilaterally terminate all negotiations pursuant to this term sheet 
without any liability whatsoever to the other party. Each party shall be solely liable for all of its own fees, 
costs and other expenses in conjunction with negotiation and preparation of a final agreement pursuant to 
this tarn sheet. 
The parties hereto understand and acknowledge that only the provisions set forth in the 
"Publicity" and "No Shop" paragraphs above shall be binding upon the panics hereto. 
If the terms of this memorandum are acceptable to the Company. please so indicate on the 
enclosed copy of this memorandum and return it to the undersigned no later than 12:00 P.M. on Dec 21. 
2012. 
Artspace Marketplace. Inc. 
By: _ 
• 
Name: Catherine Levene 
Date:  12:21/12 
WARREN LEE 
CANAAN PARTNER. 
By: 
Viarrti4 Le 
Name: 
e,- 
Date: 
EFTA00593167

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593168.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593168.pdf
----------------------------------------
Origins Project Postdoctoral Prize Lectureship 
The Origins Project at Arizona State University is pleased to announce the inaugural Origins Project Postdoctoral 
Prize Lectureship. This prize will be awarded annually to an outstanding junior scholar chosen from all countries, from 
any field of study relevant to the Origins Project. The prize consists of a $10,000 USD, and travel and accommoda-
tion expenses. While visiting ASU, the winner will present up to four lectures on his or her research area. 
Nominations will be accepted starting September 2014. The prize is open to junior scholars who were awarded 
the PhD no earlier than July 1, 2010 and do not hold a tenured, tenure-track, or equivalent position. Each eligible 
department may put forward only one nominee for the prize. Criteria for selection will include outstanding research 
credentials as well as an ability to effectively communicate scientific concepts to a broad audience in English. 
Eligible Disciplines 
We encourage nominations for junior scholars 
working in all fields relevant to the Origins Project. 
While all fields of science, humanities and social 
sciences will be considered, particular emphasis 
will be placed on the following areas: 
• Anthropology 
• Astrophysics 
• Biological Sciences 
• Chemistry 
• Complex Systems 
• Cosmology 
• Economics 
• Engineering 
• Geology & Planetary Science 
• Mathematics & Statistics 
• Medicine 
• Neuroscience 
• Paleontology 
• Psychology 
• Physics 
• Sustainability 
Application Requirements 
Faculty nominators must submit letters and depart-
ment chairs must email Chair Nomination Form to 
by December 1, 2014. 
Shortlisted nominees will be contacted to submit 
the following materials in January 2015. 
•One cover letter addressing the connection 
between their research and the interests of the 
Origins Project 
• One proposal no more than two pages that out-
lines the planned colloquium and public lecture 
•A current curriculum vitae 
•Two supporting letters of recommendation to be 
emailed directly to the Origins Project addressing 
his or her qualifications, accomplishments, and 
research potential. 
Faculty nomination letters and Chair Nomination 
Forms be emailed to 
The nomination deadline is December 1, 2014. 
For more information on the lectureship prize, access to the Chair Nomination Form, complete application 
instructions, and FAGS, as well as information about topics of relevance to the Origins Project at Arizona State 
University, visit origins.asu.edu. 
itsu Origins 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
EFTA00593168

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593169.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF IMMIGRATION REVIEW 
NEW YORK IMMIGRATION COURT 
FEDERAL PLAZA 12Th FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10278 
-x 
In the matter of 
Respondent 
The Respondent, 
File No: A#200- 176-395 
MOTION FOR 
ADJOURNMENT mre , 
in'," 
C-) 
< 1; 
x 
JOINT MOTION FOR ADJOURNMENT 
o 
7•J 
— 
r 0
tn^n 
-o 
Z4 
7a 
CY.= 
Ce? 
'-341.72% 
-.a 
OD 
V' 
through her attorney, 
Arda Beskardes, and with the assent and inclusion of Mr. David Shteingart, Assistant Chief 
Counsel, Department of Homeland Security, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, requests 
that the Respondent's case, which is currently scheduled for July 2, 2014, be adjourned and 
placed on the Court's Master Calendar, for a date no earlier than two (2) months hence from July 
2, 2014, so that the DHS Citizenship and Immigration Service (hereinafter "the USCIS") can 
complete the processing of the Respondent's United States Citizen spouse 
;111e I-130 Receipt Notice from the USCIS is 
attached as Exhibit A. The Respondent has met the all requirements to file a motion to adjourn 
under the Immigration Court Practice Manual and the applicable law. 
to 
Dated: June 13, 2014 
Respectfully submitted, 
New York, NY 
c.to 
By: 
Arda Beskazdes, 
Broadway, Suite 615 
New York NY 10004 
Tel: 
Fax: 
• 
EFTA00593169

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593170.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593170.pdf
----------------------------------------
CASH FLOWS SUMMARY FOR LDB (INCL. NARROWS) 
FYE 12/31/2014 
SCHEDULE G 
PERSONAL - LEISURE TRAVEL ET AL 
MEDICAL 
208,705 
PARTY - VAN WYCK 
1.128.938 
TRUST DISTRIBUTION - CHILDREN 
48.750 
GIFTS AND TRANSFER TO CHILDREN 
140,000 
TUITION 
121,099 
CLOTHING 
535,420 
DINING OUT 
333,004 
ENTERTAINMENT 
157,396 
TRAVEL & HOTEL 
306,191 
AUTOMOBILE 
114,690 
KNICKS 
144,425 
ANTIQUES 
42,817 
FLOWERS 
50,257 
HEALTH CLUB 
51,142 
WINE/ LIQUOR 
95,707 
MISC PURCHASES 
150,117 
PERSONAL CARE 
32,816 
GOLF DUES 
56,332 
HARTFORD LIFE INS 
53,362 
PARK AVENUE SYNAGOGUE 
67,603 
OTHER PAYMENTS 
515,102 
4,353,873 
EFTA00593170

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593171.pdf
----------------------------------------
LEON D & DEBRA BLACK 
RESIDENTIAL EXCL. LABOR 
SCHEDULE F 
EYE DEC 31, 2014 
FROM TPS 
Bedford 
760 Park Ave 
750 Park Ave 
Southampton 
Arizona 
Yacht - 
Starfire 
East 68th/70th 
Total 
HOUSEHOLD 
148.840 
257.571 
81.893 
488.303 
INTERIOR DECORATING 
6.902 
167.262 
1.192 
175.355 
LANDSCAPING 
99,300 
454.902 
554.202 
MAINTENANCE - PROPER 
455,092 
24.436 
160.762 
640.290 
MAINTENANCE - COOP 
330.723 
26.422 
357.145 
PROPERTY TAXES 
438.799 
323.295 
9.707 
771.802 
RENOVATION & REMODEL 
48.903 
217.509 
19.741 
23.007 
309.160 
SECURITY 
14.635 
17.043 
6.971 
480 
39.128 
UTILITIES 
233.299 
81.610 
1.544 
98.957 
352 
415.763 
TOTAL 
1.445.770 
1.096.153 
27.966 
1.147.712 
10.187 
23.007 
352 
3.751.148 
EFTA00593171

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593172.pdf
----------------------------------------
ART LOAN 
FY 2015 
DRAW DOWN 
LIBOR + 125 
LOAN BALANCE 
1.4348% 
INTEREST 
JANUARY 
484,000,000 
578,683 
FEBRUARY 
484,000,000 
578,683 
MARCH 
484,000,000 
578,683 
APRIL 
484,000,000 
578,683 
MAY 
23,000,000 
507,000,000 
578,683 
JUNE 
25,000,000 
532,000,000 
634,877 
1,792,242 Q2 
JULY 
532,000,000 
636,073 
AUGUST 
532,000,000 
636,073 
SEPTEMBER 
532,000,000 
636,073 
1,908,218 Q3 
OCTOBER 
17,500,000 
549,500,000 
646,534 
NOVEMBER 
549,500,000 
656,996 
DECEMBER 
549,500,000 
656,996 
1,960,526 Q4 
7,397,033 
5,660,985 
EFTA00593172

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593173.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593173.pdf
----------------------------------------
NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART INTO THE UNITED 
STATES, CANADA, AUSTRALIA, SOUTH AFRICA OR JAPAN 
August 2011 
Vision Opportunity China Fund Limited (the "Company or "VOC") 
Result of EGM 
The Board of Vision Opportunity China Fund Limited (AIM: VOC.L) is pleased to announce that, at 
the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held earlier today, the resolutions approving 
the proposed change to the Company's investment policy and the return of capital to 
shareholders of a total of US$20 million were passed. In the case of each resolution, votes were 
received in respect of 50,461,949 Ordinary Shares, representing 77.29 per cent of the 
Company's issued share capital, all of which were in favour of the resolutions. 
General 
Canaccord Genuity Limited, which is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial 
Services Authority, is acting exclusively for the Company and for no one else in relation to the proposals 
referred to in this announcement Canaccord Genuity Limited will not regard any other person as its client 
in relation to such proposals and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing 
the protections afforded to clients of Canaccord Genuity Limited or for providing any advice in relation to 
the contents of this announcement or any transaction or arrangement referred to herein. 
For further information, please contact: 
Vision Opportunity China Fund Limited 
Tel: 
Rebecca Kemer/Adam Benowitz 
Canaccord Genuity Limited 
Tel: 
Sue Inglis/Guy Blakeney 
Financial Dynamics 
Tel: 
Ed Gascoigne-Pees/Ed Berry 
NOTE TO EDITORS 
Vision Opportunity China Fund Limited is a closed-ended listed fund traded on AIM. VOC primarily invests 
directly in listed companies with operations principally within Greater China. Greater China is a collective 
term for the territories administered by the People's Republic of China, those administered by the Republic 
of China and Singapore. 
EFTA00593173

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593174.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593174.pdf
----------------------------------------
Stephen M. Bums 
Director of Maintenance 
etc"':MUTED AIRCRAFT GROUP. INC. 
A Stanity Company 
July 22, 2011 
Guardian Jet. LLC 
Guilford, CT 06437 
Attention:. 
Ted Osgood, Aircraft Sales Director 
Dear Ted, 
AAG has inspected Aetna's S-76C+, serial number 760472 (N162AE) to the extent requested and 
with the exception of the items listed below, we find the helicopter to be in airworthy condition as 
delivered. Items discussed with you that required closer examination and have been cleared are: 
• Main Wheel Brakes: Within limits for continued service. 
• Rotor Brake Disc: Within limits for continued service (some wear grooves present but 
average wear is .499" thickness; limit is .495"). 
The items of concern are: 
• No. 2 Engine T5 Indicator `Press-to-Test' function inoperative. Estimate $1200 to $3000 for 
repair depending on internal condition. Several days turnaround at best. 
• One Main Wheel has one missing tang for the brake. If we remove to inspect further, the 
wheel needs to be overhauled, or replaced if beyond repair. Expect up to $6000 for new wheel 
and tire. Could be less if repairable, but new tire should be installed anyway. 
• Both engine exhaust ejectors and prolongators (4 pieces total) are worn through and need 
welded repair. Estimate $500 each, plus shipping. Turnaround is one to two days. Note that 
if disassembled for repair, the nutplates and clips will be destroyed due to their condition and 
replacement parts and labor is estimated to be $800 per engine. 
• Nose Landing Gear Actuator reported as leaking statically. This is not uncommon, nor 
beyond limits. It should be monitored and cycled and if persistent or if leakage increases, 
repair or replace the actuator. Estimate $6000 for parts plus several labor hours. 
Lastly, the SOAP samples were taken prior to the start of the inspection and Fedexed 
immediately, and generally take a week to process. We have not received the results at this time. 
Sincerely, 
Associated Aircraft Group, Inc. 
• silconkysharecoom 
AIR CARRIER AYPAN0S / REPAIR STATION AYPRM0S / APPROVED SIKORSKY MAINTENANCE CENTER 
MG unnuinnerk rfSi&nky Frenitmeneks. !•r. 
EFTA00593174

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593175.pdf
----------------------------------------
GALERIE MARIAN GOODMAN 
TONY CRAGG 
Caldera, 2008 
Bronze 
188 15/16 x 146 7/16 x 134 5/8 in. (480 x 372 x 342 cm) 
No. 15956 
1.200.000€ (tax and shipping not included) 
75003 PARIS 
TEL 
FAX 
WWW.MARIANGOODMAN.COM 
EFTA00593175
--- PAGE 2 ---
GALERIE MARIAN GOODMAN 
TONY CRAGG 
Easter, 2014 
Bronze 
x 22 13/16 x 26 3/4 in. (155 x 58 x 68 cm) 
No. 16902 
280.000€ (tax and shipping not included) 
FAX 
5 O O 3 PARIS 
TEL 
WWW.MARIANGOODMAN.COM 
EFTA00593176
--- PAGE 3 ---
GALERIE MARIAN GOODMAN 
TONY CRAGG 
False Idols, 2011 
Wood 
3/4 x 40 3/8 x 413/8 in. (227.97 x 102.55 x 105.09 cm) 
No. 13618 
325.000€ (tax and shipping not included) 
FAX 
5 0 0 3 PARIS 
TEL 
WWW.MARIANGOODMAN.COM 
EFTA00593177
--- PAGE 4 ---
GALERIE MARIAN GOODMAN 
TONY CRAGG 
Foreign Body, 2015 
Bronze 
1/8 x 41 5/8 x 29 7/8 in. (120 x 106 x 76 cm) 
No. 20111 
400.000€ (tax and shipping not included) 
FAX 
5 O O 3 PARIS 
TEL 
WWW.MARIANGOODMAN.COM 
EFTA00593178
--- PAGE 5 ---
GALERIE MARIAN GOODMAN 
TONY CRAGG 
Mixed Emotions, 2011 
Bronze 
11/16 x 32 1/4 x 29 7/8 in. (200 x 82 x 76 cm) 
No. 12921 
285.000€ (tax and shipping not included) 
FAX 
75003 PARIS 
TEL 
WWW.MARIANGOODMAN.COM 
EFTA00593179
--- PAGE 6 ---
GALERIE MARIAN GOODMAN 
TONY CRAGG 
Mixed Feelings, 2012 
Bronze 
216 1/2 x 92 7/8 x 88 3/16 in. (550 x 236 x 224 cm) 
No. 15118 
950.000€ (tax and shipping not included) 
FAX 
5 0 0 3 PARIS 
TEL 
WWW.MARIANGOODMAN.COM 
EFTA00593180

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593181.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593181.pdf
----------------------------------------
thetorwhington post 
January 17, 2013 
Pinocchios for a slashing NRA ad on 
security at Sidwell Friends School 
By Glenn Kessler 
https://www.youtu be.com/watch?v=tec8N7F RYIQ 
"Are the president's kids more important than yours? Then why is he skeptical about putting armed 
security in our schools when his kids are protected by armed guards at their school? Mr. Obama 
demands the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes, but he's just another elitist hypocrite when it comes to 
a fair share of security." 
— voiceover of a new National Rifle Association television ad, released Jan. 15,2013 
The National Rifle Association, in a tough television ad on gun-control measures and in a longer 4-
minute video presentation, has highlighted what it see as "elitist" hypocrisy by President Obama 
because his children are "protected by armed guards at their school." 
After some blowback for involving the president's children in a political debate, NRA spokesman 
Andrew Arulanandam insisted that the ad was not about Malia and Sasha Obama: "If anyone thinks 
we're talking specifically about someone's children, they're missing the point completely. This isn't an 
issue about comparing the president's kids. This is an issue about school safety and protecting all our 
children, regardless of tax bracket and how important their parents are. The intent of our ad is to make 
sure that we point out that there is a double standard that exists." 
Still, the ad features an image of NBC newsman David Gregory, whose children also attend Sidwell 
Friends School, which is a selective Quaker private school. And the longer version of the ad quotes a 
conservative Web site as saying: "Armed Guards — Good enough for the David Gregory's kids' school, 
not for the rest of us. ...[Thel school Obama's daughters attend has 11 armed guards." 
While some news organizations reported that the ad was referencing the Secret Service protection 
provided to the Obama family — as required by federal law — the longer ad makes it clear that the NRA 
is specifically referring to the security force at Sidwell Friends. 
Indeed, it would be remarkably odd for the NRA to suggest that Obama ignore the law and refuse 
Secret Service protection for his children. Moreover, those Secret Service agents are there only to 
protect those children — and no one else at the school. 
Page I 1 of 3 
EFTA00593181
--- PAGE 2 ---
In an interview with The Washington Post, however, Arulanandam brought up the Secret Service: "The 
president and his family enjoy 24-hour-security from law enforcement at taxpayer expense, and this ad 
asks very real questions: If it's good enough for the president, why shouldn't it be good enough for the 
rest for us?" 
The Facts 
The NRA ad notes that Obama said he was skeptical about armed security in schools, which the 
organization has touted as a solution to mass shootings such as at Sandy Hook Elementary School in 
Newtown, Conn., in December. Obama did use the word skeptical, in an interview with Gregory, but the 
NRA has clipped the full meaning of his words. 
GREGORY: "Should we have an armed guard at every school in the country? That's what the NRA 
believes. They told me last week that that could work." 
OBAMA: "I'm not going to prejudge the recommendations that are given to me. I am skeptical that the 
only answer is putting more guns in schools. And I think the vast majority of the American people are 
skeptical that that somehow is going to solve our problem." 
Note that Obama said he was skeptical that armed guards were the "only answer," not that he was 
skeptical of the idea. Indeed, in the package of gun-control proposals he unveiled on Wednesday, he 
called on Congress to help schools hire more guards or other school resource officers. 
"Each school is different and should have the flexibility to address its most pressing needs," the White 
House said. "Some schools will want trained and armed police; others may prefer increased counseling 
services." 
So the frame of hypocrisy is already a bit misshapen. But what about the claim that Sidwell Friends has 
armed guards, which some Web sites have depicted with images of armed police with binoculars? 
This is based on the fact that the online directory for Sidwell Friends lists 11 people as working in the 
Security Department. Five are listed as "special police officer," while two are listed as "on call special 
police officer," which presumably means they do not work full-time. The directory also lists two 
weekend shift supervisors, one security officer and the chief of security. 
Under the District of Columbia General Order 308.7, a special police officer is a private commissioned 
police officer with arrest powers in the area that he or she protects. They may also be authorized to 
bear firearms — but it is not required. Security officers, by contrast, cannot carry firearms and in effect 
are watchmen. So five to seven security personnel in theory could be licensed to carry firearms. 
But we spoke to parents who said they had never seen a guard on campus with a weapon. And Ellis 
Turner, associate head of Sidwell Friends, told us emphatically: "Sidwell Friends security officers do not 
carry guns." 
Page 12 of 3 
EFTA00593182
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sidwell Friends, by the way, has two distinct campuses, a lower school in Bethesda and a middle and 
upper schools in Washington. So given shift rotations and three different schools, it appears that the 11 
"armed guards" is really just one or two unarmed guards per school at a time. 
The most recent data on school security by the National Center for Education Statistics shows that 27 
percent of public schools have either police or security guards on campus, with virtually all of the larger 
schools (1,500 students or more) having such security. Indeed, 58 percent of all public high schools have 
security personnel. 
Interestingly, only 6 percent of all private schools have security personnel, though more than 50 
percent of those with more than 1,000 students do have security. Sidwell's enrollment is just over 1,000 
students, so having some security guards is not unusual for a private school of its size. 
An NRA spokesman did not return a call for comment. 
The Pinocchio Test 
A slashing attack like this has an especially high threshold to get its facts straight. The ad gives the 
impression that a phalanx of armed police are guarding students, such as the Obama and Gregory 
children, at Sidwell Friends. 
But that is completely false. Far from being elitist, the relatively small force of unarmed security guards 
at Sidwell is not unusual for a school of its size. 
Moreover, the ad also suggests that Obama rejects out of hand boosting security at schools, when in 
fact his proposals include provisions that would provide funding for more school security. 
If the NRA is also trying to count Secret Service protection for Obama's children as part of that force of 
armed guards, that's even more ridiculous. As we noted, such protection is mandated under federal law 
— and only exists for the president's children. 
Four Pinocchios 
Page 13 of 3 
EFTA00593183

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593184.pdf
----------------------------------------
St. Thomas Jet Center 
Invoice & Payment History 
2009-2013 
Entity 
Amount 
Hyperion Air Inc 
204,623.26 
JEGE Inc 
2,961.22 
JEE 
160,514.94 
Hyperion Air LLC 
524.00 
JEGE LLC 
7.990.00 
TOTALS 
376.613.42
Note: Bella is still waiting on backup for Jan - May 2014 credit cards from Larry and 
Dave therefore totals are not included in above schedule 
EFTA00593184

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593185.pdf
----------------------------------------
SITRICK AND COMPANY 
A Unit of Sitrick Brincko Group, LLC 
A Subsidiary of Resources Global Professionals 
April 07, 2011 
Invoice submitted to: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
via email: 
CC: Jay Le owl 
c and & Ellis LLP 
601 Lexington Ave 
New York, NY 1022-4611 
In Reference To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Professional services and expenses through: 
3/26/2011 
Professional fees 
$70,255.00 
Expenses * 
$1,064.07 
Amount
Current professional fees and expenses 
$71,319.07 
Balance due 
$71,319.07 
•Expenses may reflect charges from a prior period as well as the current period 
Terms: Due upon presentation 
Please Remit Payment 
Wire funds to: 
Send checks to: 
SITRICK BRINCKO GROUP, LLC 
City National Bank 
ABA# 122 016 066 
Credit A/C 023868806 
Attn.: Dave Nathan 
SITRICK BRINCKO GROUP, LLC 
File 1102 
1801 W. Olympic Blvd 
Pasadena, CA 
91109-1102 
Federal Tax ID 27-1263368 
1840 Cisigist, 
Suite 800, Los 
90067 
Tel 
Fax 
EFTA00593185
--- PAGE 2 ---
SITRICK AND COMPANY 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
Invoice through: 
3/26/2011 
Professional Summary 
Page 
Name 
Hours 
Rate 
Amount 
MICHAEL S. SITRICK 
55.75 
895.00 
$49,896.25 
TAMARA TAYLOR 
0.50 
550.00 
$275.00 
THOMAS S. MULLIGAN 
11.50 
595.00 
$6,842.50 
TONY KNIGHT 
20.00 
595.00 
$11,900.00 
JEAN S. TRINH 
6.50 
185.00 
$1,202.50 
LIZA C. NEDELMAN 
0.75 
185.00 
$138.75 
Professional Services 
Hours 
3/7/2011 MSS Discussions with Jeffrey and Martin; review various materials; discussion with 
5.00 
Today Show producer, draft and revise statements; strategy development with 
team and T. Knight. 
TK 
Planning and strategy with MSS; Internet research on coverage of the Prince 
3.25 
Andrew stories; directing efforts of J. Trinh on collecting dips, and review of 
so 
ips; review of prior records from 2007 and report to MSS; review 
of V. 
police records; confer with J. Trinh. 
TSM Confer with T. Knight about starting early on Tuesday morning to field calls 
from British media; review media and other background to prepare. 
JST 
Discussion with T. Knight re: dip searches. 
3/8/2011 MSS Various discussions and emails with reporters, Jeffrey, Jay Lelicowitz, follow 
up re: same; confer throughout the day with T. Knight and T. Mulligan. 
TK 
Early morning follow ups with journalists in the U.K. regarding the Prince 
Andrew story and provide the statement directing efforts of Sitrick executive 
T. Mulligan in NY office re follows with UK journalists; planning and strategy 
with MSS; read and respond to emails from MSS regarding news coverage 
and his communiica0ons with client and attorneys; review of second day 
coverage and locating The Mail inaccurate story about phone logs. 
TSM Review media, Ind clip from Noes Today Show; follow up with media, sending 
statement and fielding interview requests throughout morning from two 
reporters at Mail on Sunday, two others at Telegraph; confer on same 
throughout day with T. Knight, MSS. 
1.00 
0.25 
6.25 
3.75 
4.50 
JST 
Research US and UK dips on Epstein and Prince Andrew; email to T. Knight 
1.50 
3/9/2011 MSS Review and respond to email throughout the day, phone conferences, work on 
7.00 
strategy, discussions with Jeffrey, lawyers; review various materials; 
discussion with defamation attorneys. PR affiliate in London; follow up re: 
same. 
Amount
1840 Csillat, 
Suite 800, Los S067 
Tel 
Fax 
EFTA00593186
--- PAGE 3 ---
SITRICK AND COMPANY 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
Invoice through: 
3/26/2011 
Page 
Hours
3/9/2011 TK 
Read and respond to emails from client and attorneys; planning with MSS and 
2.00 
comments to him on various versions of the statement continued review of 
coverage; confer with T. Mulligan. 
TSM Review Mail story; confer with T. Knight, MSS re: next steps; take interview 
1.50 
request from J. Swaine, Telegraph, and forward to T. Knight and MSS. 
3/10/2011 MSS Review and respond to emails; phone discussions throughout the day and into 
7.25 
the night from media, Jeffrey, lawyers, defamation lawyers in US and UK; 
strategy development 
TK 
Review of coverage; planning with T. Mulligan and discussion of The Daily 
2.75 
Mall coverage and recent request for answers; briefing MSS and forwarding 
Daily Mail message to client and attorneys; phone cal with A. Wolfe of 
Newsweek, fact checking, draft fact check questions for MSS and client. 
TSM Review media; field interview request from London Tunes repoprter K 
3.50 
Mansey; take cal from and exchange follow up email with S. Churcher, 
investigative reporter for Mail on Sunday, regarding supposed FBI 
investigation surrounding prominent friends of J. Epstein; discuss request with 
T. Knight, MSS. 
JST 
Research nips on Epstein and Prince Andrew for T. Knight. 
1.00 
3/11/2011 MSS Review and respond to various emails; draft script for video; strategy 
4.75 
discussions with T. Taylor and T. Knight. 
TK 
Review of coverage and report to MSS; responding to U.K media calls; review 
1.75 
strategy memos from MSS. 
TSM Review media; compile media contacts to date and exchange with T. Knight. 
0.50 
TT 
Discuss media strategy, possible video with MSS. 
0.50 
JST 
Review coverage on Epstein for bylines; research US and UK media contacts 
2.25 
for T. Knight research News of the World story. 
LCN Assisted J. Trinh on compiling media list per T. Knight 
0.75 
3/12/2011 MSS Various discussions with Paul Tweed, Jeffrey Epstein; work on strategy; 
4.75 
review documents and news dips; follow up re: same; review and respond to 
email. 
3/13/2011 MSS Review and respond to email re: Daily Mail, strategy and Fergie; work on letter 
4.75 
to Telegraph; email to Paul Tweed, Jeffrey; follow up re: same. 
Amount
1840 COalt, 
Suite 800, Los 
Tel 
Fax 
EFTA00593187
--- PAGE 4 ---
SITRICK AND COMPANY 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
Invoice through: 
3/26/2011 
Hours 
3/14/2011 MSS Review and respond to email re: Telegraph, Sunday Mail; discussion with 
6.75 
Mark Bolland in UK; email to and from Paul on letter, review various clips, 
email to and from Jeffrey; work on media strategy with T. Knight. 
TK 
Review of coverage and forwarding key clips to MSS; planning media strategy 
1.75 
with MSS. 
JST 
Research UK and US media contacts for T. Knight. 
0.50 
3/15/2011 MSS Discussions and email with Mark Rolland; draft letter to Mail; review and 
6.00 
respond various emails with Jeffrey; calls to Marty Weinberg and Jay 
Lefkowitz; work on statement for Fergie; review various materials, work on 
ongoing strategy, review op-eds and other approaches; strategy discussion T. 
Knight. 
TK 
Review of media coverage and toward key dips to MSS; strategy meeting 
2.50 
with MSS; drafting strategy memo proposal and send to MSS. 
3/16/2011 MSS Review and respond to emails including from Paul Tweed. 
3/17/2011 MSS 
TK 
Review and respond to email from Paul Tweed, revise suggested statement 
for Fergie; review materials. 
Review coverage; phone conversation with Kate Mansey of Sunday limes; 
review of recent Mansey stories; report to MSS. 
0.50 
1.50 
1.50 
JST 
Research Kate Mansey dips in the Times for T. Knight; research media 
0.50 
contacts for fist. 
3/18/2011 TSM Mall 
from A.1Aitheridge, Mail on Sunday, re: J. Epstein colleagues S. 
0.50 
S. Cowles. 
3/23/2011 TK 
Review on going coverage in Miami Business Review and UK print and report 
0.75 
to MSS. 
JST 
Research most recent clips on Prince Andrew and Epstein; email to T. Knight 
0.50 
3/24/2011 MSS Respond to email from Jeffrey, draft note on media strategy, calls to Jeffrey 
1.25 
and Paul Tweed. 
Page 
Amount
Total time charges 
95.00 
$70,255.00 
1840 
Suite 800, Los 
067 
Tel 
Fax 
EFTA00593188
--- PAGE 5 ---
SITRICK AND COMPANY 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
Invoice through: 
3/26/2011 
Page 
Summary of out-of-pocket expenses 
Amount
ON-LINE RESEARCH 
873.00 
TELEPHONE 
191.07
Total out-of-pocket expenses 
$1,064.07 
1840 Ciiiiiiiit, 
Suite 800, Los 
067 
Tel 
Fax 
EFTA00593189
--- PAGE 6 ---
SITRICK AND COMPANY 
A Unit of Sitrick Brincko Group, LLC 
A Subskary of Resotteces Global Piofesslonals 
May 03, 2011 
Invoice submitted to: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
via email: 
CC: Jay Le owl 
c a 
& Ellis LIP 
601 Lexington Ave 
New York, NY 1022-4611 
In Reference To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Professional services and expenses through: 
Professional fees 
Expenses • 
4/23/2011 
Current professlohal fees and expenses 
Previous balance 
Balance due 
$23,171.25 
$5,000.00 
*Expenses may reflect charges from a prior period as well as the current period 
Terms: Due upon presentation 
Please Remit Payment 
Wire funds to: 
SITRICK BRINCKO GROUP, LLC 
City National Bank 
ABAN 122 016 066 
Credit A/C 023868806 
Atm.: Dave Nathan 
Send checks to: 
SITRICK BFUNCKO GROUP, LLC 
File 1102 
1801 W. Olympic Blvd 
Pasadena, CA 
91109-1102 
Federal Tax ID 27-1263368 
1840 Ca
l i:SS 
East, Suite 800. Los An eles CA 90067 
Tcl 
Fax 
Amount
526,171.26 
$71,319.07 
$99,490.32 
EFTA00593190
--- PAGE 7 ---
SITRICK AND COMPANY 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
Invoice through: 
4/23/2011 
Name
MICHAEL S. SITRICK 
TONY KNIGHT 
BRIAN D. GLICKLICH 
AARON CURTISS 
Professional Summary 
Professional Services 
Page 
Hours  
Rate  
Amount 
13.75 
895.00 
$12,306.25 
8.25 
595.00 
$4,908.75 
2.00 
550.00 
$1,100.00 
9.25 
525.00 
$4,856.25 
Hours 
3/28/2011 MSS Review, respond and send various emails. 
0.75 
TK 
Email to attorneys requesting information, read and respond to emails from 
0.50 
MSS; respond to client emails. 
3/31/2011 MSS Review and respond to emails re: op-eds; review materials/back up 
0.75 
documents for op-ed. 
TK 
Briefing A. Curtiss on op-ed project, marshaling backup documents for 
1.00 
A.Curtiss; emails with MSS. 
4/1/2011 TK 
Further discussion of strategic approach to op-ed with A Curtiss; review first 
0.50 
draft of op-ed. 
AC 
Research media coverage and court history of case; draft and edit op-ed 
7.00 
response; confer with T. Knight r.e same. 
4/3/2011 MSS Discussion with Roy Black 
0.50 
4/4/2011 MSS Review Newsweek/Daily Beast article, discussions with reporter, call to editor, 
3.75 
draft note for Roy Black to review, discussion with T. Knight. 
TK 
Multiple phone calls and emails with MSS regarding correction of story posted 
2.25 
to The Daily Beast review of story, draft correction request; phone calls to 
reporter A. Wolfe, emails with R. Black and J. Perzcek at Black's office. 
AC 
Review and assess DailyBeast article; confer with T. Knight re: changes to 
1.00 
op-ed. 
4/5/2011 MSS Review materials; review and comment on op-ed; email to Paul Tweed. 
2.00 
TK 
Op-ed strategy with A. Curtiss. 
0.25 
AC 
Confer with T. Knight re: facts of case and status of op-ed. 
0.25 
Arnourg
1840 Century Park East, Suite 800, Los An eles CA 90067 
Tel 
Fax 
EFTA00593191
--- PAGE 8 ---
SITRICK AND COMPANY 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
Invoice through: 
4/23/2011 
Page 
Hours 
4/6/2011 MSS Review various materials; review and edit op-ed; work on digital strategy; 
4.75 
review and edit memo on same; discussion with Roy Black 
TK 
Planning and strategy with MSS; conference call with MSS and R. Black; 
2.50 
review of older Epstein case news clips and revisions to op-ed and further 
edits to it after MSS edits; review of strategic digital media proposal. 
BDG Call and email with MSS, draft best practices memo. 
2.00 
AC 
Confer with T. Knight re: op-ed; review edits and changes to same. 
0.75 
4/7/2011 MSS Strategy discussions with T. Knight re: op-ed placement. 
0.25 
TK 
Planning and strategy with MSS; discussion of op-ed placement; further review 
1.25 
of old files for more on Ashley D.; review email from R. Black. 
AC 
Confer with T. Knight re: op-ed and plea documents. 
0.25 
4/19/2011 MSS Email from Roy Black and his partners re: media inquiry; call reporter at Roy's 
1.00 
request (DOR), participate in interview with reporter and Roy, review and 
respond to email re: same. 
Total time charges 
Summary of out-of-pocket expenses 
OTHER 
Total out-of-pocket expenses 
1840 Centu Park East, Suite 800, Los An eles, CA 90067 
Tel 
Fax 
Amount 
33.25 
$23,171.25 
5,000.00 
$5,000.00 
EFTA00593192
--- PAGE 9 ---
SITRICK AND COMPANY 
A Unit of Sitrick Brincko Group, LLC 
A Subsidly), ol Flacon:es Global Professionals 
June 08, 2011 
Invoice submitted to: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
via email: 
CC: Jay Lia
lirged 
& Ellis LLP 
601 Lexington Ave 
New York, NY 1022.4611 
In Reference To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Professional services and expenses through: 
5/28/2011 
Professional fees 
$4,027.50 
Expenses * 
50.00 
Amount
Previous balance 
$99,490.32 
Balance due 
$103,517.82 
°Expenses may reflect charges from a prior period as well as the current period 
Terms: Due upon presentation 
Please Remit Payment 
Wire funds to: 
Send checks to: 
SITRICK BRINCKO GROUP, LLC 
City National Bank 
ABA" 122 016 066 
Credit A/C 023868806 
Attn.: Dave Nathan 
SITRICK BRINCKO GROUP, LLC 
File 1102 
1801 W. Olympic Blvd 
Pasadena, CA 
91109-1102 
Federal Tax ID 27-1263368 
1840 Coal, 
Suite 800, IF: 
1161 
Tel 
EFTA00593193
--- PAGE 10 ---
SITRICK AND COMPANY 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
Invoice through: 
5/28/2011 
Name
MICHAEL S. SITRICK 
Professional Summary 
Professional Services 
Page 
Hours 
Rate  
Amount 
4.50 
895.00 
54,027.50 
Hours
4/29/2011 MSS Review and respond to email, meeting with Paul Tweed, work on letter from D 
2.50 
of Y. 
4/30/2011 MSS Review and respond to email from Jeffrey, Paul; work on letter from D-O-Y; 
2.00 
follow up re: same. 
Total time charges 
1840 C
t, Suite 800, Los 
Tel 
Fax 
Amount
4.50 
$4.027.50 
EFTA00593194
--- PAGE 11 ---
HENNIGAN DORMAN LLP 
LAWYERS 
865 SOUTH FIGUEROA STREET 
SLTTE 2900 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA 90017 
TELEPHON 
Diner PIKS 
HENNIGANOHDLITIGATION.00111 
July 12, 2011 
VIA EMAIL 
Mr. Roy Black 
Black, Srebnick, Komspan & Stumpf 
201 S. Biscayne Blvd. 
Suite 1300 
Miami, FL 33131 
[royb@royblack.com) 
Dear Roy and Jay: 
Mr. Jay Lcfkowitz 
Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
601 Lexington Avenue 
New York, NY 10022-4611 
Pelicowitz@kirldand.comj 
Our firm represents Sitrick And Company. 
In early March of this year, your client Jeffrey Epstein called Michael Sitrick to ask for 
his and his firm's help in stemming a tsunami of negative publicity resulting from a photograph 
of Prince Andrew and Mr. Epstein walking in Central Park. The focus of the publicity, as you 
are aware, was that Prince Andrew was friends with Mr. Epstein who the British press called a 
pedophile. Mr. Epstein said this was not only disturbing, but threatening the viability of his 
business. 
At the onset of this engagement, Mr. Sitrick asked if he should have Black Srebnick sign 
a new engagement letter. As you know, the Black Srebnick firm signed the 2005 letter (which 
by the way was never terminated and therefore is still in effect). Mr. Epstein responded that the 
letter should be sent to Jay Lcfkowitz of Kirkland & Ellis. On March 11, Mr. Sitrick sent 
Mr. Lefkowitz a copy of Sitrick And Company's standard engagement letter. 
Given the urgency of the situation and his prior relationship with Mr. Epstein, Mr. Sitrick 
and one of the firm's senior partners Tony Knight dropped everything, got up to speed and 
immediately began to work with Mr. Epstein and his attorneys. This was despite the fact that 
they had not received either a retainer or a newly executed engagement letter. (You both were 
involved in the work that Sitrick did and were part of many, many email chains reflecting same.) 
iMaziaget1756557.1 
EFTA00593195
--- PAGE 12 ---
HENNIGAN DORM.A_N LLP 
July 12, 2011 
Page 2 
The media frenzy, again as you both are aware, required Messrs. Sitrick and Knight to 
work days, nights and weekends. When the Duchess of York, who said she had considered 
Mr. Epstein a friend, chimed in and also called Mr. Epstein a pedophile, the already frenetic pace 
of media hysteria accelerated. News publications from The Daily Telegraph to Newsweek 
jumped on the story. 
Despite the salaciousness of the coverage in both the U.K. and the U.S., Mr. Sitrick and 
his team were able to stop stories that would have aired on TV and in the mainstream media in 
the U.S. Among the media outlets that discussed the "story" with Mr. Sitrick were "60 Minutes" 
and "Piers Morgan." While they mitigated the damage as much as could be done, Mr. Sitrick 
and his team believe they would have been able to do a great deal more -- particularly with 
respect to the pedophilia allegations -- if what they had been told by Mr. Epstein agreed with 
what they were told by the attorneys representing him with respect to the ages of the girls who 
provided the massages and other facts of the case. Because the lawyers involved disputed 
Mr. Epstein's version of the facts, the lawyers intervened and told Sitrick not to move forward on 
their plan. Sitrick also believes the media allegations about Mr. Epstein being a pedophile could 
have been put to a stop earlier if their advice had been heeded earlier with respect to forcing the 
Duchess of York to retract her statement calling Mr. Epstein a pedophile. (Getting this term out 
of the headlines and the stories was, as you are aware, Mr. Epstein's top priority.) 
Mr. Sitrick has repeatedly tried to get a signed copy of his new engagement letter 
returned and his invoices paid, but to no avail. 
On March 31, Mr. Sitrick wrote Darren Indyke of Mr. Epstein's office stating that he 
understood that Mr. Leficowitz bad forwarded him a copy of the Sitrick engagement letter and 
that he would appreciate getting it executed and returned. On Saturday April 30 (while 
Mr. Sitrick was working on a project for Mr. Epstein and in the midst of several email 
exchanges, he wrote Mr. Epstein that he had not received a response back from Mr. Indyke on 
his letter. Mr. Epstein apologized and said he would check on Monday. On May 6, Mr. Indyke 
finally responded with one sentence: "I have reviewed your engagement letter and it is 
unacceptable." When Mr. Sitrick responded that this was exactly the same letter which was 
executed in 2005, except for an adjustment in billing rates (a letter which he pointed out was still 
in effect, since it had not been cancelled) and asked what was unacceptable about it, Mr. Indyke 
responded that Mr. Epstein was traveling and he would have to wait until Mr. Epstein returned. 
Once again several weeks passed. On Tuesday, May 31, Mr. Indyke wrote, "1 just returned from 
vacation and will get back to you with comments at the end of the week. In general, however, 
there is no detail whatsoever in the engagement letter, including but not limited to detail re fees, 
approvals, or obligations, and that is just for starters." Mr. Sitrick responded that in fact the 
engagement letter does include detail about the fees and obligations, but if they wanted more he 
would be happy to provide it. Mr. Indyke never did get back to Mr. Sitrick. 
INhAls617565571 
EFTA00593196
--- PAGE 13 ---
HENNIGAN DORMAN LLP 
July 12, 2011 
Page 3 
Given Mr. Sitrick's long relationship with Mr. Epstein, he is hopeful that Mr. Epstein will 
sign the letter and, that if he does not want to sign it, that he will just pay Sitrick's invoices and 
Messrs. Sitrick and Epstein can just part friends. The amount due is $103,518. As stated, 
Mr. Epstein is obligated to pay both on the basis of the earlier letter, an implied contract and 
quantum meruit. 
Mr. Sitrick does not want to have to pursue legal remedies and turn what has been a good 
relationship into an adversarial one. Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
JMH/ebm 
cc (via email]: 
Michael Sitrick 
iManagA1756557A 
EFTA00593197

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593198.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593198.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sotheby's 
The Haze Trust 
Mr Darren Indyke 
B3 
00802 ST. THOMAS 
AMER.VIRGIN IS. 
Payment advice 
n on 
www.sot e ys.com 
VAT Registration Numbe 
Sotheby's: Registered in Ern art
Registered office at the above address 
Registered Number 874867 
Account number 
Remittance number 
2000533821 
Date 
September 2017 
Page 1 of 2 
We are pleased to confirm the transfer of funds to your account and 
have enclosed a breakdown of your payment. 
Payment of £8,532,000.00 
This payment has been made in accordance with your payment 
instructions: 
Account Name: 
The Haze Trust 
Account Number: 
Lots for which we are still awaiting payment from the buyer may 
not be included. Please refer to the pending list attached or 
contact Post Sale Services for further details. 
Register on Sothebys.com 
today 
Activate your online account to 
view invoices, statements, manage 
bids, bid online and check payment 
statuses. 
To activate your account, email 
For assistance, please contact 
Jean-Luc Rougier 
Post Sale Manager 
5220 
5910 
EFTA00593198
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sotheby's 
The Haze Trust 
Mr Darren Indyke 
B3 
00802 ST. THOMAS 
AMER.VIRGIN IS. 
Payment detail 
London 
5000 
www.sot e ys.com 
VA7 Registration Number 
Sotheby's: Registered in England and Wales 
Registered office at the above address 
Registered Number 874867 
Account number 
Remittance number 
2000533821 
Date 
September 2017 
Payment currency 
GBP 
Page 2 of 2 
Document 
Document 
Sale 
Lot 
Description 
Number 
Date 
Net Amount 
9270147S 
22-Jun-2017 
L17006 
0057 
Alberto Giacometti, Grande figure, bronze, cast 
£8.532.000.00-
by Alexis Rudier in 1948, height:130.3cm. 
Total Wire payment made to The Haze Trust Account No42961287 
£8,532,000.00-
• Please refer to previous correspondence sent to you regarding credits and debits to your account. • 
EFTA00593199

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593200.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593200.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator JTSFGJ 
Document generated Mon. 14 November 2016 12:1126 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Agent Details 
Page 1 of 4 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing authorization is received. Please contact your 
travel office by 11:59 PM on November 15, or this entire reservation v•ill automatically cancel. 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Wednesday 23 Nov 16 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Jetblue Airways 
B6 561 
New York La Guardia, 
West Palm Beach. 
07:30 PM 
10:29 PM 
Terminal B 
V Economy Class 
17A, 18A. 188. 18C. 18D 
La Guardia 
Palm Beach International 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 59 Mins 
Equipment 
Embraer 190 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
NIL 
Page 1 of 4 
Itinerary JTSFGJ 
a 
EFTA00593200
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 4 
Travel Details 
Sunday 27 Nov 16 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Suriyal Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Loyalty Program 
Jetblue Airways 
B6 62 
West Palm Beach. 
New York La Guardia, 
10:08 AM 
12:48 PM 
Terminal B 
V Economy Class 
21E, 21F. 22E, 22F. 23F 
Palm Beach International 
La Guardia 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Number of Stops 
Baggage 
Hrs 40 Mins 
Airbus Industrie A320-100/200 
Non-stop 
NIL 
ea 
2501306751 
2133174834 
Additional Messages 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-----------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
• 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 72 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FUGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
• 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
Hotel Offers 
Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centurion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival, when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at  
j ••• • • 
• • ,1 
To book your stay, visit americanexpress.comffhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories am not eligible for upgrade: cal Centurion Travel Berme for details 
" Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Senhce for details. 
Page 2 of 0 
Itinerary JTSFGJ 
AM
EGRESS 
EFTA00593201
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 4 
For more information on benefits and eligibility, please visit: 
• Centurion Hotel Program: centunon.com 
• FINE HOTELS & RESORTS: amextravel.comThr 
• The Hotel Collection: ate ricanexpress.cornkiskredit-cardsthenefitstdetalithe-hotel-cceectiontoremier-old 
• International Arlie Program: inn amenranexnress ran 
• Cruise Privileges Program: amencanexoress comtrniceprnatrigos 
• Platinum Destinations Vacations: amencanearess.comrusicredit-cardsThenefitstdelaitraatinum-destinations-vacetionsiolatoum 
• Pay with Pce-its:  
ercanexpress.cornipamahpoints 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the travel suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any lcdgrig, tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for 
any such services include's. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee. representative or agent of American Express Travel Related Services 
Company. Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries or affiliates (colectively. 'Amex") has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-
imposed charges. ncluding. but not limited to. daily resort a facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable at check-out. You may wish to inquire with the hotel 
before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at ww v 
 Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
pnemallenal Travel Drirnmentatlon and Information; 
Travelers dewing transportation across any international boundary are responsible for obtaining al necessary travel documents and complying with all govemment travel 
requirements. You must present all exit, entry and other documents required by law. Amex shall not be responsible to you for any loss a expense due to your failure to 
comply with such requirements. Travel Suppliers reserve the right to refuse carriage to any passenger who has not complied with applicable laws. regulations. orders. 
demands. or requrements or whose documents are not complete. It is your responsibikty to research the travel documentation requirements applicable to your journey. Many 
countries require that your passport be vabd for up to six (6) months from your date of entry or planned departure date from the foreign country. For U.S. passport holders. 
country-specific documentation and passport validity requirements are accessible at httc 
s:ateacmcontenSpasspertsienalish,Sountry.harl. Due to frequent changes. 
Amex cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on the foregoing 
website. 
• Air Transportation 
Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. Please visit rntris.ilmyamextravel reirNstatirfroncirlons for more 
information. 
Airline Notice on Hazardous Materials 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard arcraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions 
for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried kr your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further 
information contact your airline representative or visit haus' ' yaw Ina 
Liability Statement 
You understand and agree that American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent. subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively, 'Amex"). 
vthen acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers. shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. drectly or indirectly. from 
(1) the acts of omissions of travel suppbers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or faiures of 
equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civi unrest. 
strikes. riots. theft. disease. accidents a failures related to the pubbc Internet. telecommunications lines or facilities. a third party technology systems. CC any other cause 
beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure 
Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itneraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us 
commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from tine to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers 
may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to ow marketing channels. 
participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express 
Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From tine to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and 
these arrangements, including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recanmendig itineraries, we 
may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify 
and the itineraries we recommend. 
Slate-Spar 'fir niarinuirea: 
• 
CALIFORNIA Upon cancellation of the transportation or travel services. where the passenger is not at fault and has not cancelled n violation of any terms and conditions 
previously clearly and conspicuously disclosed and agreed to by the passenger. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not provided will be promptly reimbursed to 
Page 3 of 4 
Itinerary JTSFGJ 
:
AMERICAN 
EGRESS 
EFTA00593202
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of 4 
tie passenger. This provision does not apply where the seller of travel has remitted the payment from customer to another registered wholesale seller of travel or a carrier. 
without obtaining a refund and such other provider fails to provide the agreed-upon transportation or service. In this situation. the initial seller of travel must provide the 
passenger with a written statement accompanied by bank records establishing the disbursement of the customer payment, and if disbursed to a registered wholesaler of 
travel, proof of current registration of that wholesaler. This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seder of travel was 
registered and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in Cakfomia at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with the 
TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $5O for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money 
was not refunded to the passenger when requied. The maximum amount that may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the 
passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A claim must be submitted to the TCRF with." 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A clam 
must include sufficient documentation to prove the elate and a 535 processing fee. Claimants must agree to wane their right to other civil remedies against a registered 
participating seder of travel for matters arisng out of a sale for which a TCRF claim is filed. A claim form may be requested by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution 
Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: or by visiting the TCRF's website at www.lcrcinfo.org.
WAWffisIGTOtt If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thily (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unfess the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
• HAWAII: Please visit http:ffcca.hawalf(xfwpviffilesf20I3fOC .r 
- ts pif for information on Hawaii consumer rights. The name and address of the financial 
institution which maintains our travel agency trust account is Back a' Hawaii, Waikiki Branch. 2222 Kalakaua Avenue. Honolulu. HI 96815. The name of the trust account is 
a Client Trust Account. 
California CSTP10223•18. Washington U81t600d69-694. Iowa Tifur669. 
Page 4 of 4 
Itinerary JTSFGJ 
bV E„,0:5 
EFTA00593203

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593204.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593204.pdf
----------------------------------------
reATORUS 
Investment Objectives 
Atorus ("the fund") is a global multi-strategy fund 
with a systematic bias. The Fund's objective is to 
achieve absolute average gross returns of 24% per 
annum with downside volatility half that of major 
equity and credit markets. 
Atorus employs a risk-conscious and proprietary 
dynamic trading methodology that aims to minimize 
downside volatility yet still generate consistent 
uncorrelated returns in both up and down markets 
with low portfolio turnover. The managers diversify 
the portfolio with 400+ highly liquid positions 
globally across multiple asset classes; G20 rates, 
equity & credit indices, ETFs, and G20-listed equities. 
The Fund's investment approach combines three 
discrete modules; portfolio construction, directional 
bias and timing, and risk management. The portfolio 
is systematically constructed for reasons of 
diversification, volatility, and low long-term 
correlation. The portfolio is constructed to be broad 
based, allowing the opportunity to generate returns 
irrespective of any one particular market. The 
directional bias of individual positions is the 
foundation of the strategy. Atorus makes proprietary 
calculations of changes in realized volatility and price 
ranges to systematically alter the timing of entry and 
exit for positions. This enables Atorus to operate 
regardless of a high or low volatility environment. 
The last stage of the investment process is robust 
risk control, with particular focus on mitigating 
drawdowns via position sizing, hold periods, 
leverage, entry/exit points, and volatility based 
rebalancing. Atorus is currently pre-launch, targeting 
an initial capital raise of $100m for a launch date of 
Q3 2014. 
Fund Characteristics and Metrics 
Average # of positions: 400 
Average net leverage (notional 
risk): 3.8x, 1.8x Ex Rates 
Max leverage (notional risk): 
5.5x 
Asset doss allocation: Volatility 
risk based 
Sharpe Ratio: 1.2 (daily from 
1995 to current simulation) 
Average Annualized Return: 
23.66% (1995 to current 
simulation) 
Average position hold period: 
100 days 
Our Edge 
Scalability: Daily TDVT >$ltillion 
Position Level Liquidity: One day 
• 
The managers have worked and traded together since 2007. Their backgrounds, experiences and 
strengths are different & complimentary. 
• 
The team traded a 5100million portfolio of avg. risk for a European Bank from September 2011 to June 
2013, achieving a profit factor in excess of 2X a win ratio of nearly 40%, while generating positive returns 
on months with large market declines. 
• 
The Atorus methodology is an aggregation of deep understandings of complex trading systems and 
market forces. The managers are driven by their dedication to discipline, order, and operational 
excellence. 
• 
The focus lies on consistency of returns with minimal downside volatility. 
• 
Our 20 year simulation (details available on request) generates 24% gross IRR and only two down calendar 
years, -8.5% and -0.5% 
EFTA00593204
--- PAGE 2 ---
.ATORUS 
Track Record — 20 Year Simulation 
Q3 
QO 
Year 
2014 
6.00% 
8.28% 
16.50% 
2013 
4.47% 
-5.68% 
11.04% 
14.16% 
24.91% 
2012 
4.34% 
-7.99% 
3.26% 
3.98% 
2.47% 
2011 
10.71% 
6.29% 
-6.29% 
-5.19% 
4.55% 
2010 
2.87% 
-7.12% 
17.14% 
5.13% 
17.66% 
2009 
-3.85% 
7.39% 
30.82% 
7.78% 
45.60% 
2008 
233% 
8.73% 
10.70% 
26.01% 
55.21% 
2007 
5.99% 
10.08% 
21.54% 
5.80% 
50.03% 
2006 
9.93% 
-7.98% 
7.92% 
12.96% 
23.32% 
2005 
-4.10% 
4.90% 
10.60% 
7.28% 
23.68% 
2004 
1322% 
-1233% 
5.12% 
30.47% 
3626% 
2003 
13.50% 
-0.88% 
11.27% 
3039% 
63.54% 
2002 
-5.54% 
16.67% 
2434% 
-321% 
32.84% 
2001 
-0.29% 
-11.01% 
35.04% 
-16.96% 
-0.50% 
2000 
-2.01% 
-10.95% 
4.68% 
10.43% 
0.87% 
1999 
-16.01% 
6.61% 
-1.50% 
20.02% 
5.36% 
1998 
1388% 
2.92% 
9.10% 
-4.20% 
20.65% 
1997 
-4.92% 
19.02% 
1.33% 
-626% 
7.48% 
1996 
0.41% 
6.53% 
5.37% 
15.29% 
2935% 
1995 
1997% 
8.09% 
-0.22% 
8.55% 
40.46% 
Team 
Joshua L Levy - Partner & CEO 
Joshua's career has focused on growing companies 
and transforming complex processes into simple 
ones. Since 2002 Joshua has been instrumental in 
the growth of Round Hill Capital, a European 
investment / asset management company with more 
than $6B USD in capital invested, where he remains 
active. Prior to founding and managing Red Dot 
Trading, LLC, with Michael, Joshua at MUUS Asset 
Management, responsible for the operational 
restructuring and management of portfolio 
companies. Joshua has an MBA from MIT Sloan, a 
BA from Vanderbilt University and is the President 
and majority owner of Graphic Utilities, Inc. a 
specialty inkjet ink manufacturer. 
2014 
2013 - 
NO. 
2011 .S= 
2010 - 
2003  
2008 
2007 
2006 
2005 
2000 
2003 
2002 
2001 
2000 
1999 
1998 
1997 
1996 
1995 
Michael J. Fowler — Partner & CIO 
Michael's career has been focused on understanding 
the nuances of complex financial systems and other 
markets. In 2007 Michael was the Co-Founder with 
Joshua Levy and Senior Portfolio Manager at Red Dot 
Trading, LLC, he was responsible for the day to day 
trading of a sector specific core listed-equity book. 
Prior to this, he was the Director of Structured 
Products & Finance at The Geneva Group in New 
York, where he was responsible for developing 
financial structures to provide bank-regulatory 
capital relief solutions due to the Basel II risk 
weightings. 
Dlutalmer 
This lact,heel o provided for nformetiona, and disse yen PV, P0X1 only and does not constitute • '<Acumen or an oller lo prende wesenenlmanagement smite,. My 'oleo: on. if 
mad*. will bo made only pursuant to an investment Management Agreement gloho'). wi the case of any inconsistency horoten the descriptiew or tomein tut document and the intk mo 
PAR shot control. lho document may not be nfpoducedor disorbuted n any format without the express written approve' of Red Oot Trade troene. lle While all information prepared n 
this document is behaved tobo a“utMo. Rod Dot Trade Manto.LLC mates no omens warranty at to Its comoleionott or accuracy. nor can it accept responsitillty to. street n [hit document 
lo d¢ rrns)rromexteMpewtted by low. Red Dot Tiede finance. llC disdains any end all liebrity in the event wrI informahon• commenter.. MOM, . opinions. OdYKe and/a 
monvnendaDont wi this proton:anon prova to be inaccurate. incomolow or uneel:Mo. or result in any Westmont ot other lottos. Tro information contained heroin does not purport to 
whinallof the inform/Ion that may be required10 enflame an investment. Abilny to achieve investment ~Mt 
Met be affected bya varietyof/a-5.ot downed here. A PrOfPROVt 
Investor understandt the nature of the twestmon: and can Dear the oronotmk risk of such Westmont in consdonng any pertormancoinlomution contained homm„Investea that boar in 
mind that pest or projected perlownente o not ne<essanly newt« 
of future resulD.and there <an be no assurance that target relum,wd be mel The P.C. mutts of the principals., 
noprosemativo of thole dUcct investment rosponstontios uttlaing the Westmont strategy methodology representedheroin, but VAthin a larger fund oIddo and may not folio« results of the 
vehicle. The investment strategy o speodahve and wed«, a high degree ol n9c.OPPOIIUMIC> for WAh4, 19.4101 lent are restricted. so ifiVeitOr> rrpynol hast eccest to cape& when n 
needed. The pordolio compootion. which it under the tot. trading authority of Rod Dot Trade nuance, LLC. may not be tub/0.445110d and this lack of ilveilikalbn may result in nyhor nis 
tentage. that is borrowng on 'fortys will be emptord in the portfoto, which <en mate .issimen performance sotatile. tenures investment gams to be n excess ol the cost of torrowne. 
and could result .losses to invosten in <wets of thow prnlpa. Th. Westmont strategy involves the purchase and solo of opciont and other leveraged clohoffie flitA1/11011U.thIch can 
mull n ~in 
etes 
of the <spiel. In inventory meant ktG6TRATION: Red Dot Trade finance. IA< na Regoteed Investment Advoor, Alorm. na GSA of Red Dot Trade finance. LK 
and 4inten4o4 tobo the inonlmont vehklo of Rod Dot Trade Roam:or 0.0 the Rog4terect ITWOttMent 0.0.140(. 
EFTA00593205

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593206.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593206.pdf
----------------------------------------
TRUST/ LOB 2014 LLC HELD ART 
Sotheby's 
JULY 2014 
Solhebys 
Appraised 
Value (Jilt 
Fair Value (% 
Ownership) a Cost 
Appraisal I 
Owner 
Alm 
OBJECT TYPE 
Item Descnption 
Date of Work 
Medium 
2014) 
(it not on Appease° 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) ARP. HANS 
FINE ART 
FentOme flalrant un nombril (Phantom Einen Nebel Wittemd) 
1924 
Oil on masonic. 
1.500.000 
1.500.000 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) AVERY. MILTON 
FINE ART 
Conversation 
1956 
Oil on canvas 
2.500.000 
2.500.000 
293 APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY 'BARBIERI. GLANVANNI FRANCESCO. CAL FINE ART 
Reclining Nude Youth seen from behind 
Oiled charcoal on faded due paper 
1.434.450 
292 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) 8ARENERI. GLANVANNI FRANCESCO. CAL FINE ART 
Landscape 
Pen and brown ink 
580.177 
APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY '8AROCCL FEDERICO 
FINE ART 
Chnst blessing angel 
6.968.000 
APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY 18AROCCL FEDERICO 
FINE ART 
Head of Young Gill 
Colored chalks 
717.225 
APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY 'BECKMANN. MAX 
FINE ART 
Studs Zu &Adana/tut (Study for Malepanus) 
1919 
Crayon on paper 
400.000 
400.000 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) BECKMANN. MAX 
FINE ART 
The Last duly of Perseus 
1948 
Pen and ink ink wash, thecae' and pencl on paper 
150.000 
150.000 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) BLAKE. WILLIAM 
FINE ART 
Christ the Mediator (Christ pleading bebre the Father for St. Mary Magdalene) c.1799-1800 
Pen and grey ink and tempera on canvas 
1.000.000 
1,003.000 
LDS 2011 LLC 
BLAKE. WILLIAM 
FINE ART 
The Parable 01 the Wtse and Foolish Virgins 
1825 
Watercolor on paper 
2.500.000 
2,500.000 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) BONTECOU. LEE 
FINE ART 
Untitled 
1963 
Soot, graphite and enable dye on musk, 
350.000 
350.000 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) BRANCUSI. CONSTANTIN 
FINE ART 
The Kiss 
c. 1908 
Limestone 
12.000.000 
12.000.000 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) BRESDIN. RODOLPHE 
FINE ART 
The Exterior of an Inn (LAuberge Normande) 
1881 
Pen and India ink on think embossed white card 
40.000 
40.000 
8.5 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) BRUEGHEL THE ELDER. PIETER 
FINE ART 
Wooded Landscape wC Travelers on a path leading down to a Over. a castle tic. 1554 
Pen and brown ink on Italian paper of the 1550s 
10.500.000 
10.500,000 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) BURR I. ALBERTO 
FINE ART 
Bianco Credo 
1969 
Acrylic and glue on Celotex 
2.000.000 
2.000,000 
LDS 2011 LLC 
CALDER. ALEXANDER 
FINE ART 
Portrait de Fernand Leger 
1930 
Iron wire 
2.500.000 
2.500,000 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) CAMBODIA. KHMER 
AFRICAN/ ASIAN 
Shiva and Duma 
Sandstone 
1.300,500 
126 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) CORNELL, JOSEPH 
FINE ART 
Magic Soap Bubble Set 
1940 
Wood box consauclion-woorl. glassm printed paper. paint. sessile 
5,000.000 
5,000,000 
132 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) COURBET. GUSTAVE 
FINE ART 
Portrait de Francois Sabater 
Ink, charcoal and siump.ng on paper 
60.000 
60,000 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) DAIGOU 
CHINESE BRONZE 
Gold Sever and Jade 
Chinese Bronze 
255,278 
134 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) DALI. SALVADOR 
FINE ART 
Ants 
1929 
Gouache. ink and colage 
1.076.774 
273 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) DE GOYA. FRANCISCO 
FINE ART 
Bajan Mende (They go down quarre1ng) 
Brush and grey wash. scraping 
5.000.000 
5.000,000 
688 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) OE GOYA. FRANCISCO 
FINE ART 
La Tauromaquia 
1816 
Set of fat edit on etchings and lithographs 
1.300.000 
1.303.000 
370 LDS 2011 LLC 
DE KOONING. WILLEM 
FINE ART 
Woman 
1951 
Graphite. charcoal. pastel and o4 on paper 
3.500.000 
3.500,000 
636 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) OE TOULOUSE-LAUTREC. HENRI 
FINE ART 
Leiden.: Femme qui se lave 
1896 
Oil on board 
3.500.000 
3.500,000 
151 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) DE WAAL. EDMUND 
FINE ART 
the city 8 desire 
2013 
porcelain vessels in 5 wood. arninurn and glass vitrines 
146,981 
160 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) DEGAS. EDGAR 
FINE ART 
Le Pas Belli 
c. 1879 
Pastel over monorype on paper laid doyn on board 
4.000.000 
4.000.000 
162 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) DEGAS. EDGAR 
FINE ART 
Les Chevaux de courses 
C. 1871 -72 
Oil on cradled panel 
12.500.000 
12.500.000 
153 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) DEGAS. EDGAR 
FINE ART 
Les repasseuses (Ironing Women) 
c. 1880 
Monotype cei white laid paper 
2.400.000 
2.400.000 
163 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) DELACRODC EUGENE 
FINE ART 
Etude de Flews: Marguerites Blanches et Zinnias 
Watercolor and gouache on grey paper 
850.000 
850.000 
171 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) DELAUNAY. ROBERT 
FINE ART 
Tout Eiffel 
1910.11 
Pen and ink and wash on paper 
175.000 
175.000 
APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY 'DORER. ALBRECHT 
FINE ART 
Hierinn sfrid begritten vier dither von mensc180her Proportion 
October 1528. 
128 leaves, plus 4 folding sheets printed on both sides. 
141.265 
195 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) ENSOR. JAMES 
FINE ART 
Les Nuees ou Chevauchee des WakyrIes (The Ride ol the Vakyries) 
1886.1888 
Black Chak. ink watercolor and gauche on paper 
600.000 
600.000 
198 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) ENSOR. JAMES 
FINE ART 
Les bons Juges (The Good Judges) 
1891 
°I on panel 
1.250.000 
1.250.000 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) ERASMUS. DESIDERIOS 
RARE BOOK 
The Praise of Folly (Mcrae encomium) (1511) 
375.000 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) FANGYI 
CHINESE BRONZE 
Archaic Bronze Vessel 
Chinese Bronze 
1.772.550 
201 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) FONTANA. LUCID 
FINE ART 
Cowed:. Spaziale 
1958 
Waterpaint and cdlage on canvas 
1.750.000 
1.750.000 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) ERA BARTOLOMMEO (BACIO DELLA POR FINE ART 
The Kneeling Magdalen. In profile to the left
Black chalk and stumping. hmghtened with white on tuff paper. scp 
1.150.000 
205 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) FRAGONARD. JEAN-HONORE 
FINE ART 
Lea Jardins de ta Vtil8 dEste 
Sanguine on paper 
1.200.000 
1.200.000 
207 APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY 'FRAGONARD. JEAN-HONORE 
FINE ART 
Portrait of Francois-Henri. 5th due dtlarcourt, hathengih and looking over his st 
Oil on canvas 
30.548.236 
213 APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY 'GAINSBOROUGH. THOMAS 
FINE ART 
Portrait of Caroline 4th Drabbest of Marborough hall-length, in a tare and white 
Pastel on green-brown paper 
2.500.000 
2.503.000 
215 APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY 'GAINSBOROUGH. THOMAS 
FINE ART 
Study of a Lady. Possibly br the Richmond Waler Walk 
c. 1785 
Blackcivilk and stump heightened web white 
2.996.108 
219 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) GAUGUIN. PAUL 
FINE ART 
Le Perntre Roy 
1889 
°Ion canvas 
3.000.000 
3.000.000 
218 LOB 2011 LLC 
GAUGUIN. PAUL 
FINE ART 
LEsprit veil* (Te Aril Vahlne)(Femme tangerine) 
c. 1899 
Remo: monolype In brown and black ink and ochre wash on paper 
2.500.000 
2.503.000 
221 APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY 'GELLEE. CLAUDE 
FINE ART 
A wooded landscape 
Pen. Ink brown wash on paper 
6.130.500 
6.130.500 
227 APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY •GER ICAULT. JEAN-LOUIS-ANDRE-THEOD FINE ART 
La Prooessacion A Silene 
Remo Etude De FemmeNue Assde 
224.745 
229 APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY *GER ICAULT. JEAN-LOUIS-AN0RE-THEOD FINE ART 
Study For the Father in the Rah of the Means' (Recto) Two Studies br the Fig 
Black chak and pencil on paper 
400.000 
400.000 
228 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) GER ICAULT. THEODORE 
FINE ART 
Lion Devouring a Horse 
Graphite 
402.838 
Page 1 of 3 
EFTA00593206
--- PAGE 2 ---
TRUST/ LOB 2014 LLC HELD ART 
Sotheby's 
JULY 2014 
Sothebys 
Appraised 
Value (Jay 
Fair Value (% 
Ownership) or Cost 
Appraisal a 
Owner 
Artlst 
OBJECT TYPE 
Item Descnphon 1 
Date of Wok 
Medium 
2014) 
(it not on Appraisal) 
237 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) GLACOMETTI. ALBERTO 
FINE ART 
Figure Moyenne II 
1947 
Bronze with god patina. unoue 
22.500.000 
22.500.000 
244 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) GIACOMETTI. ALBERTO 
FINE ART 
Le Videpoches (Pocket Tray) 
c. 1930.31 
Painted Plaster 
4.572.750 
284 APO 2 (3 FAM 1997 TRUST) ORIS. JUAN 
FINE ART 
Man with an Opera Hat (assumed to be Homme au chapeau hautde-forme) 
1912 
Black chalk with vette heightening on paper 
1.500.000 
1.500.000 
288 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) GROSZ. GEORGE 
FINE ART 
Katteehausszene (Eigenbrodelei) (Scene in a coffee house) (Solitary Ways) 
1917 
Signed lower 
Grosz: 
lower left 106 Eigenbrodelei 
65.000 
65.000 
nghl 
titled 
289 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) GROSZ. GEORGE 
FINE ART 
Entdeckung in der Vorstach 
1917 
India ink with bush over water color 
125.000 
125.000 
290 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) GROTJAHN. MARK 
FINE ART 
Untitled (Sold Cream Butter* Drawing in Two pans) 
2009 
318.459 
298 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) HECKEL. ERICH 
FINE ART 
Mannerbikine 
1919 
Color Woodcut 
300.000 
300.000 
299 APO 2 03 FAM 1997 TRUST) HECKEL. ERICH 
FINE ART 
Schlafender Maltose (Sleepsm Sailor) 
1909 
Woodcut handprinted on heavy Britten paper 
45.000 
45.000 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) HOMER 
RARE BOOK 
[Opera). en Greek (1488) 
225.000 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) JOHNS. JASPER 
FINE ART 
Regrets 
2014 
Intaglio wall chine-colt
-colton Revere Standard Whoe Suede paper 
39.086 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) JOHNS. JASPER 
FINE ART 
Regets 
2014 
Intaglio wth chine-colle on Revere Standard Whne Suede paper 
39.086 
321 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) KAPOOR. ANISH 
FINE ART 
Untitled 
2006 
Black Zimbabwean granite 
1.200.000 
1,200.000 
332 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
FINE ART 
Die Siesta (The Siesta- Botha Graef and Hugo Blalowons) 
1°14
Woodcut
40.000 
40.000 
334 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
FINE ART 
Suassenszene (der onnbus) (Street Scene-the Omnibus. Berlin) 
1914 
Drypolnt and etching 
50.000 
50.000 
339 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
FINE ART 
Woman in a Room (Madchen im RaumRErria) 
1913 
Watercolor over pencil on wove paper 
200.000 
200.000 
340 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) KIRCHNER. ERNST LUDWIG 
FINE ART 
Stehender Mackhenakt mn verschranklen Armen (Standng Nude wC crossed 1905 
Woodcut. on strong beige lad paper 
52.260 
344 APO 2 (3 FAM 1997 TRUST) KLEE. PAUL 
FINE ART 
Drohendes Haupt 
1905 
Etching. on heavy wove paper 
75.000 
75.000 
346 APO 2 (3 FAM 1997 TRUST) KLEE. PAUL 
FINE ART 
Jungfrau im Baum (Kanter'. no. 4) 
1903 
Etching 
150.000 
150.000 
347 APO 2 (3 FAM 1997 TRUST) KLEE. PAUL 
FINE ART 
Komker - Inv. 4 (Komfeld. no. 10) 
1904 
Etching 
100.000 
100.000 
356 APO 2 (3 FAM 1997 TRUST) KLEE. PAUL 
FINE ART 
Orr santte Narrethvorte (LIvee gentle words of a fool) 
1925 
Medium pen and irk on paper laid en card 
400.000 
400.000 
368 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) KLINE. FRANZ 
FINE ART 
Untitled 
1957 
Oil and ink on paper 
200.000 
200.000 
377 APO 2 (3 FAM 1997 TRUST) LEGER. FERNAND 
FINE ART 
Les tumees sue les lots 
1912 
on Paper 
3.000.000 
3,000.000 
384 APO 2 (3 FAM 1997 TRUST) LICHTENSTEIN. ROY 
FINE ART 
Nude with Abstract Painting 
1994 
Oland magna on canvas 
18.000.000 
18,000.000 
386 APO 2 (3 FAM 1997 TRUST) DOTARD. JEAN-ETIENNE 
FINE ART 
Femme Turgue au Tambourin 
1738.1743 
Pastel. gouache and red chalk on off-white laid paper. adhered on: 
4.000.000 
4,000.000 
395 APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY 'IMILEVICH. KAZIMIR 
FINE ART 
Composition in Dissolution:Composton 10a (Motif from 1917-1918) 
v. 1920 
Penal on Paper 
20.000 
20.000 
397 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) MALEVICH.KAZIMIR 
FINE ART 
Plane in Rotation. DR Cercle Not (Black Circle) 
1915 
on canvas 
35.000.000 
35,003.000 
403 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) MANZONI. PIERO 
FINE ART 
Acivome 
1958-59 
Kaoln on pleated canvas 
2.000.000 
2.000.000 
405 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) HARDEN. BRICE 
FINE ART 
Untitled 
196445 
Charcoal and graphite on white wove paper 
1.633.125 
423 APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY 'MATISSE. HENRI 
FINE ART 
Nu de Dos. 4 etat (back IV) 
Conceived c. 1930: cast Bronze fele 
50.000.000 
50.000.000 
409 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) MATISSE. HENRI 
FINE ART 
Amphitrite 
1947 
Gouache. pencil. paper and colored paper collage mounted on boa 
14.000.000 
14.000.000 
416 APO 2 (B FAM 1997 TRUST) MATISSE. HENRI 
FINE ART 
Figure Decorative 
Bronze with nob brown patina 
13.000.000 
13.000.000 
426 APO 2 (Ei FAM 1997 TRUST) MATTA. ROBERTO 
FINE ART 
Sans We (Waded) 
1938 
Ink and colored pens on paper 
125.000 
125.000 
440 APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY 'MIRO. JOAN 
FINE ART 
Untitled 
1929 
Penal 
1,700.000 
1300.000 
443 LDS 2011 LLC 
MONDRIAN. PIET 
FINE ART 
Church at Domburg: Church Façade IV 
1914 
Charcoal on jotted paper (en cardboard) 
2.500.000 
2.500.000 
445 LDS 2011 LLC 
A4ONDRIAN. PIET 
FINE ART 
Composton with Color Planes and Grey Lines 
1918 
Oil on canvas 
15.000.000 
15.000.000 
453 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) MUNCH. EDVARD 
FINE ART 
Madonna (Liebendes Web) 
1895 
Lthograph 
1.860.000 
1.860.000 
457 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) MUNCH. EDVARD 
FINE ART 
Melancholy 
1896 
1.702.098 
459 LOB 2011 LLC 
NEWIMN. BARNETT 
FINE ART 
Untitled 
1949 
Ink on paper 
3.000.000 
3.000.000 
460 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) NOGUCHI. ISAMU 
FINE ART 
&Mu 
c. 1966.67 
Basalt 
350.000 
350.000 
462 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) NOLDE. EMIL 
FINE ART 
Der Prophet (The Prophet) 
1912 
Woodcut 
30.000 
30.000 
468 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) NOLDE. EMIL 
FINE ART 
Tanzern (S. L 56) 
1913 
Lthograph printed en colors (ochre. black. gray-violet and dark red) 
1.500.000 
1.500.000 
470 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) NOLDE. EMIL 
FINE ART 
Junges Pau 
1913 
Lthograph ported In black. purple and Ighl blue on Japan paper 
350.000 
350.000 
473 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) PARMIGIANINO. FRANCESCO 
FINE ART 
Madonna of the Long Neck 
Recto: red chalk on while paper Verso: pen and Brown non paper 
800.000 
800.000 
475 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) PENONE. GIUSEPPE 
FINE ART 
Tra stoma e small / Bemeen Bask and Bask 
2003 
Bronze. Ash Tree 
2.612.151 
477 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) PERUZZI. BALDASSAFIE 
FINE ART 
M Mist drawing a Nobleman 
Pen and brown ok and brown wash, over red chat 
2.071.347 
APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY • PICASSO. PABLO 
FINE ART 
Head of a Woman (Fernande) 
1909 
Black Chak. grey wash 
7.500.000 
491 APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY • PICASSO. PABLO 
FINE ART 
Composition (Composition Au Mnotaure) 
Executed on 9th May 19 Gouache. pen and ink and pencil on paper 
18.918.808 
509 APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY • PICASSO. PABLO 
FINE ART 
Tgte de Jeune Hanme 
Executed in Pans on Ili Conte crayon on paper 
4.447.505 
Page 2 of 3 
EFTA00593207
--- PAGE 3 ---
TRUST/ LOB 2014 LLC HELD ART 
Sotheby's 
Appraisal R 
Owner 
Artist 
OBJECT TYPE 
JULY 2014 
Item Detonation 
Date of Woik 
Medium 
Sothebys 
Appraised 
Value (JLey 
2014) 
Fair Value (% 
Ownership) or Cost 
(II not on Appraisal) 
479 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) PICASSO. PABLO 
FINE ART 
Etude pour 'La Ccuillure 
c. 1905-06 
Charcoal on paper 
650.000 
650.000 
484 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) PICASSO. PABLO 
FINE ART 
La Minotaurcenachie 
1935 
Etching and dr/point 
2.000.000 
2.000.000 
485 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) PICASSO. PABLO 
FINE ART 
Weeping Woman (La femme qul pleura) 
1937 
Etching. aquatint. drypoint and scraper 
3.000.000 
3.003.000 
488 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) PICASSO. PABLO 
FINE ART 
Acrobate 
1930 
on board 
5.000.000 
5.003.000 
498 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) PICASSO. PABLO 
FINE ART 
Figure Surrealist. (Camet. 1044) 
1928 
India Ink on paper 
1.800.000 
1.800.000 
501 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) PICASSO. PABLO 
FINE ART 
The Three Graces 
c. 1923 
Ink on paper 
250.000 
250.000 
503 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) PICASSO. PABLO 
FINE ART 
Nue Endormie 
1932 
Charcoal on gessoed canvas 
13.000.000 
13.000.000 
506 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) PICASSO. PABLO 
FINE ART 
Poruall of Mateu Fernandez de Solo 
1901 
on canvas 
37.500.000 
37.503.000 
492 LDS 2011 LLC 
PICASSO. PABLO 
FINE ART 
Deux temmes 
1907-08 
Ink and wash painting wen Chinese ink 
5.000.000 
5.000.000 
499 LDS 2011 LLC 
PICASSO. PABLO 
FINE ART 
Jeune homme et cheval 
1906 
Charcoal on gray brawn paper 
2.500.000 
2.500.000 
513 LDS 2011 LLC 
PICASSO. PABLO 
FINE ART 
Vene. ppe et pacquet de tabac 
1914 
Crayon. pasted paper. ;encl. ogarene label. and while bad on box 
2.000.000 
2.000.000 
515 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) PIRANESI. GIOVANNI 
FINE ART 
View 01 a Street with Shops (Veduta Internet della pone dela Otta the 1 dimoslt 
Pen and brush and brown ink and brown wash on Iwo sheets of pa 
900.000 
900.000 
516 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) PIRANESI. GIOVANNI 
FINE ART 
Study of a standing man seen from behind 
Pen and brown ink. brown wash: inserted IN ROAN MDCCLIII 
283.075 
693 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) MANES!. OKWANNI 
FINE ART 
Inventbni Capric di Careen 
c. 1758-60 
Etchngs with engraving and sulfur ont 
600.000 
600.000 
APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY 'REDON. ODILON 
FINE ART 
A Edgar Poe (Melledo 37-43) 
1882 
Set of sa lithographs and the paper bider in bistro on Chine appliqi 
213.123 
530 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) REDON. ODILON 
FINE ART 
L'Araigne The Spier 
1887 
Lithograph on ctdle applique. 
125.000 
125.000 
536 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) REDON. ODILON 
FINE ART 
Flews sw fond noir 
Pastel on prepared Ward 
700.000 
700.000 
544 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) REDON. ODILON 
FINE ART 
LOS Epines rouges 
c. 1893 
Pastel and charcoal on paper 
1.306.500 
549 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) REDON. ODILON 
FINE ART 
Visage derriere les barreaux 
c. 1880 
Pastel and charcoal on paper glued on cardboard 
2.250.000 
2250.000 
561 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) RODIN. AUGUSTE 
FINE ART 
Nude of a female (*Standing Nude') 
Watercobt. gouache and pent/ 
125.000 
125.000 
564 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) ROMANO. GUILO (GUILO PIPPI) 
FINE ART 
Bacchus as Autumn 
Pen and brawn ink. brown wash 
150.000 
150.000 
619 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) RUBENS. PETER PAUL 
FINE ART 
Meleager and Atalanta Hunting the Boar 
on oak support 
5.500.000 
5.500.000 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) RUNGE. PHILIPP OTTO 
FINE ART 
The Four Times of the Day (-Morgan. Tag. Abend. Nachr) 
Engraving and etching (4 sheets) 
419.169 
572 APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY *RtISCH.A. EDWARD 
FINE ART 
Egg 
1970 
Gunpowder on paper 
300.000 
300.000 
574 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) RYMAN. ROBERT 
FINE ART 
Version % 
1991 
0/ on fiberglass with wax paper in avers frame 
1.415.375 
Sal APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY 'SCHIELE. EGON 
FINE ART 
Sell Portrait as Saint Sebastian 
1914 
Perch on paper 
2.500.000 
2.500.000 
578 LOS 2011 LLC 
SCHIELE. EGON 
FINE ART 
Fhisslandschatt mt zwei Bauman (River Landscape with Two Trees) 
1913 
Oil on canvas 
25.000.000 
25.000.000 
APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY 'SCHLEMMER. OSKAR 
FINE ART 
Three by the Banister 
1931 
Water color on wove paper 
1224.844 
584 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) SCHLEMMER. OSKAR 
FINE ART 
Rote Lieber 
1929 
d en canvas 
2.700.000 
2.703.000 
587 APO 1 (BLACK 2006 FAMILY 'SCHWITTERS. KURT 
FINE ART 
Sword 
1930 
Wood. palmed white 
2.500.000 
2.503.000 
603 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) SEURAT. GEORGES 
FINE ART 
Le manteau blanc (Promeneuse au paraplule) 
Conte crayon on paper 
2.250.000 
2250.000 
599 LOS 2011 LLC 
SEURAT. GEORGES 
FINE ART 
Au Divan Japonals (cale-concert) 
1887-88 
Conte crayon and gouache on paper 
6.000.000 
6.000.000 
602 LOS 2011 LLC 
SEURAT. GEORGES 
FINE ART 
Le Chien Nor (Etude pour 'Un Dimanche a La Grande Jane') 
1884.85 
Conte crayon on paper 
1.750.000 
1.750.000 
606 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) SEVERINI. GINO 
FINE ART 
II Tango Argereno 
1913 
Charcoal on paper 
800.000 
800.000 
607 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) SHAPIRO. JOEL 
FINE ART 
Untitled 
2002-2003 
Bronze 
700.000 
700.000 
ISO APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) VAN DOES8URG. THEO 
FINE ART 
Composnie 
1917.18 
on board in the anises palmed frame 
1.500.000 
1.500.000 
256 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) VAN GOGH. VINCENT 
FINE ART 
Le Fume°, L'Homme a la Plpe (Ponrait O Docteur Gachet) 
1890 
Etching. pnnted in red 
322.494 
290 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) VAN GOGH. VINCENT 
FINE ART 
Camera Pros de Saint-Remy 
1889 
don canvas 
46271.875 
645 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) VAN RUISDAEL. JACOB 
FINE ART 
A shepherd 8 his flock approaching farm bualings 
Black chalk and grey wash 
250.000 
250.000 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) VARIOUS AUTHORS 
RARE BOOK 
Various Rare Books 
2.460.000 
647 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) VASARI. GIORGIO 
FINE ART 
Saint Eustache 
Pen and brown nk. Crown wash over black chalk 
342.956 
655 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) WARHOL. ANDY 
FINE ART 
Nine Multicolored Marilyn 
Acrylic. synthetic polymer paint and slkscreen inks on canvas 
5.000.000 
5.000.000 
657 APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) WATTEAU. JEAN-ANTOINE 
FINE ART 
Sheet of Studies with a Figure Seen horn Behind. a Flautist and Studies of Han 
Red. black and white chalks 
600.000 
600.000 
658 LOS 2011 LLC 
WATTEAU. JEAN-ANTOINE 
FINE ART 
Study of a Seated Woman 
Red. black and white chalks 
1.000.000 
1.000.000 
APO 2 (8 FAM 1997 TRUST) WESTERN ZHOU 
CHINESE BRONZE 
Zun Bird-Shaped Bronze Vessel 
Chinese Bronze 
3.006.098 
573.627.811 
Page 3 of 3 
EFTA00593208

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593209.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593209.pdf
----------------------------------------
2011 TAX RETURN 
Client Copy 
Client: 
Prepared for: 
Prepared by: 
DS12-002 
ANDROCYTE LLC. 
AVENTURA, FL 33180 
Steven M. Samuels 
Steven M. Samuels CPA, PA 
PARKLAND. FL 33067-4420 
Date: 
August 30, 2012 
Comments: 
Route to: 
FDIL2001L 05103111 
EFTA00593209
--- PAGE 2 ---
prepared for: 
AVENTURA, FL 33180 
PARKLAND, FL 33067-4420 
EFTA00593210
--- PAGE 3 ---
Steven M. Samuels CPA, PA 
PARKLAND, FL 33067.4420 
Client DS12-002 
August 30, 2012 
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
AVENTURA, R_
"
IIIIMI
Form 1065 
Schedule B-1 
Schedule K-1 
Form 7004 
Form 8879-PE 
FEDERAL FORMS 
2011 U.S. Return of Partnership Income 
Information on Partners Owning 50% or More 
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, Credits 
Automatic Extension of Time to File 
IRS e-file Signature Authorization 
FEE SUMMARY 
Preparation Fee 
EFTA00593211
--- PAGE 4 ---
2011 
Federal Income Tax Summary 
Page 1 
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
45-1804323 
TRADE OR BUSINESS INCOME 
Total income (loss)  
TRADE OR BUSINESS DEDUCTIONS 
Taxes and licenses 
Other deductions 
Total deductions 
173 
201,296 
201,469 
SCHEDULE K - INCOME 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
-201,469 
Interest income 
SCHEDULE K - OTHER 
Nondeductible expenses 
Investment income 
2,447 
SCHEDULE L - BALANCE SHEET 
Beginning Assets 
Beginning Liabilities and Capital 
Ending Assets 
Ending Liabilities and Capital 
80,002 
80,002 
EFTA00593212
--- PAGE 5 ---
2011 
Federal Balance Sheet Summary 
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
Page 1 
45-1804323 
ENDING ASSETS 
Cash 
47,122 
Intangible assets 
32,660 
Less accumulated amortization 
(0) 
32,880 
Total Assets 
80,002 
ENDING LIABILITIES & CAPITAL 
Loans from partners 
23,871 
Partners' capital accounts 
56,131 
Total Liabilities and Capital 
80,002 
EFTA00593213
--- PAGE 6 ---
2011 
Florida Income Tax Summary 
Page 1 
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
45-1804323 
ADDITIONS TO FEDERAL INCOME 
Total additions 
SUBTRACTIONS FROM FEDERAL INCOME 
Total subtractions 
Sub-total 
Partnership income adjustment 
EFTA00593214
--- PAGE 7 ---
2011 
General Information 
Page 1 
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
45-1804323 
Forms needed for this return 
Federal: 1065, Sch B-1, Sch K-1, 7004 
Carryovers to 2012 
None 
EFTA00593215
--- PAGE 8 ---
Form 8879-PE 
Department of die Treasury 
Internal Rerenue Service 
IRS e-file Signature Authorization 
for Form 1065 
For calendar year 2011, or tax year beginning 
 . 2011. 
ending 
II, See instructions. Do not send to the IRS. Keep for your records. 
CS .10 N2. 1545.2042 
2011 
Name of partnership 
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
Part I 
Gross receipts or sales less returns and allowances form 1065, line 1 e) 
Gross profit form 1065, line 3). 
Ordinary business income (loss) (Form 1065, line 22) 
-201,469. 
Net rental real estate income (loss) form 1065. Schedule K. line 2) 
Other net rental income (loss) (Form 1065. Schedule K. line 3c) 
Part II 
Employer identification number 
45-1804323 
Return Information (Whole dollars only) 
Declaration and Signature Authorization of General Partner or Limited Liability Company Member 
Manager (Be sure to get a copy of the partnership's return) 
Under penalties of perjury. I declare that I am a general partner or limited liability company member manager of the above partnership and that 
I have examined a copy of the partnership's 2011 electronic return of partnership income and accompanying schedules and statements and to 
the best of my knowledge and belief, it is true, correct, and complete. I further declare that the amounts in Part I above are the amounts shown 
on the copy of the partnership's electronic return of partnership income. I consent to allow my electronic return originator (ERO), transmitter, or 
intermediate service provider to send the partnership's return to the IRS and to receive from the IRS (a) an acknowledgement of receipt or 
reason for rejection of the transmission and (b) the reason for any delay in processing the return. I have selected a personal identification 
number (PIN) as my signature for the partnership's electronic return of partnership income. 
General Partner or Limited Liability Company Member Manager's PIN: check one box only 
I authorize 
Steven M. Samuels CPA, PA 
 to enter my PIN 
9 1 2 7 
 as my signature on the 
ERO firm name 
partnership's 2011 electronically filed return of partnership income. 
do not enter all aeries 
As a general partner or limited liability company member manager of the partnership, I will enter my PIN as my signature on the 
partnership's 2011 electronically filed return of partnership income. 
General partner or limited liability company member manager's signature 
Title • 
Date I.
Certification and Authentication 
ERO's EFINIPIN. Enter your six-digit EFIN followed by your five-digit self-selected PIN. 
602 4 3 1 2 2 2 2 2 
do not enter all zeros 
I certify that the above numeric entry is my PIN. which is my signature on the 2011 electronically filed return of partnership income for the 
partnership indicated above. I confirm that I am submitting this return in accordance with the requirements of Pub 3112. IRS e-file Application 
and Participation, and Pub 4163, Modernized e-File (MeF) Information for Authorized IRS e-tile Providers for Business Returns. 
ERO's signature • Steven M. Samuels 
Date 
ERO Must 
Must Retain This Form — See Instructions 
Do Not Submit This Form to the IRS Unless Requested To Do So 
BAA For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see instructions. 
Form 8879•PE (2011) 
PTPA0S0IL I '22:I 
EFTA00593216
--- PAGE 9 ---
Form 7004 
(Rev November 2011) 
Department or tie Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service 
Application for Automatic Extension of Time To File Certain 
Business Income Tax, Information, and Other Returns 
File a separate application for each return. 
• See separate instructions. 
OMB No. ISIS MO 
Print 
or 
Type 
Norm 
ANDROCYTE, LLC 
Number. street, and room or suite number. (If P.O. box. see instructions.) 
klentilying nuntber 
45-1804323 
City. town. slate, and ZIP code (If a (we nn address. enter city. province or slate. and country (follow the country's 
bee for entering postal code)). 
AVENTURA, FL 33180 
Note. File lathiest for extension by the due date of the return for which the extension is granted. see instructions before completing this Wit 
Part I 
Automatic 5-Month Extension 
la Enter the form code for the return that this application is for (see below) 
Application 
Is For: 
Form 
Code 
Application 
Is For: 
Form 
Code 
Form 1065 
Form 1041 (estate other than a bankruptcy estate) 
Form 8804 
a 
Form 1041 (trust) 
Part II I Automatic 6-Month Extension 
b Enter the form code for the return that this application is for (see below) 
Application 
Is For: 
Form 
Code 
Application 
Is For: 
Form 
Code 
Form 706-GS(D) 
Form 1120•ND (section 4951 taxes) 
Form 706.GS(T) 
Form 1120•PC 
Form 1041 (bankruptcy estate only) 
Form 1120•POL 
Form 1041•N 
Form 1120•REIT 
Form 1041 -OFT 
Form 1120•RIC 
Form 1042 
Form 1120S 
Form 10656 
Form 1120.SF 
Form 1066 
Form 3520•A 
Form 1120 
Form 8612 
Form 1120•C 
Form 8613 
Form 1120.F 
Form 8725 
Form 1120•FSC 
= 
Form 8831 
Form 1120-I-I 
Form 8876 
Form 1120•L 
Form 8924 
Form 1120.ND 
Form 8928 
If the organization is a foreign corporation that does not have an office or place of business in the United States. check here 
 •• 
If the organization is a corporation and is the common parent of a group that intends to file a consolidated return, check here 
— 
_ 
If checked, attach a schedule, listing the name, address, and Employer Identification Humber (EIN) for each member covered by this application. 
Part III All Filers Must Complete This Part 
If the organization is a corporation or partnership that qualifies under Regulations section 1.6081.5, check here. 
5a The application is for calendar year 20 11 , or tax year beginning 
b Short tax year. If this tax year is less than 12 months, check the reason: 
Initial return 
U Final return 
Change in accounting period 
, 20 
, and ending 
, 20 
Consolidated return to be filed 
Tentative total tax 
0. 
Total payments and credits (see instructions) 
0. 
Balance due. Subtract line 7 from line 6 (see instructions)  
0. 
For Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see separate instructions. 
Fo m 7004 (Rev 11.2011) 
CPC20701L C0))0'11 
EFTA00593217
--- PAGE 10 ---
For. 1065 
Department or tie Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service 
U.S. Return of Partnership Income 
For calendar year 2011, or tax year beginning  
, 2011, 
ending  
, 20 
• See se 
ate Instructions. 
OAS No. 1545.0099 
2011 
A Principal business actmly 
RESEARCH 
B Principal product or service 
BIOMARKERS 
C 
Business code nuttier 
541700 
G Check applicable boxes: 
(1) X Initial return 
(2) El Final return 
(3) Dame change 
(4) 
Address change 
(6) 
Technical termination — also check (1) or (2) 
H Check accounting method: (1) X Cash 
(2) 
Accrual 
(3) Daher (specify)," 
I 
Number of Schedules K-1. Attach one or each person who was a partner at any time during the tax year 
J Check if Schedules C and M-3 are attached 
Print 
or type. 
ANDROCYTE
LLC. 
D Employer identification 
number 
45-1804323 
E Date business started 
5/01/2011 
F Total assets (see in
80,002. 
(5) K Amended return 
at a ova 
vary crame ta auataaaa tiara ea atm emir rasa tar rostra ra u's 
r a 
mow. aura co a saw s...unto 
muraratwoo. 
C 0 
M 
E 
I a Merchant card and third-party payments (including amounts 
reported on Form(s) 1099-K). For 2011, enter -0- 
a 
O. 
b Gross receipts or sales not reported on line la (see instructions) 
b 
e Total Add lines la and lb 
c 
d Returns and allowances plus any other adjustments to line la (see inst) 
d 
e Subtract line Id from line lc 
le 
Cost of goods sold (attach Form 1125-A) 
Gross profit. Subtract line 2 from line le 
Ordinary income (loss) from other partnerships, estates, and trusts 
(attach statement) 
Net farm profit (loss) (attach Schedule F (Form 1040)) 
Net gain (loss) from Form 4797, Part II, line 17 (attach Form 4797) 
Other income (loss) 
(attach statement) 
Total Income (loss). Combine lines 3 through 7 
s 
E 
E 
I 
D 
N s 
E
D 
y 
R 
U 
s
C 
F 
T 
O
I 
R 
i L 
S m 
A 
T 
T 
o 
s 
Salaries and wages (other than to partners) (less employment credits) 
Guaranteed payments to partners 
Repairs and maintenance 
Bad debts 
Rent 
Taxes and licenses 
Interest 
16a Depreciation (if required, attach Form 4562) 
16al 
173. 
16c 
b Less depreciation reported on Form 1125•A and elsewhere on return 
16b 
Depletion (Do not deduct oil and gas depletion.) 
Retirement plans, etc 
Employee benefit programs 
Other deductions 
(attach statement) 
See_Statement.1 
Total deductions. Add the amounts shown in the far ri ht column for lines 9 throw h 20 
201,296. 
201, 469. 
Ordinary business Income (loss). Subtract line 21 from line 8 
-201, 469. 
Under penalties of pethay. I declare Dal I have examined this return. including accompanying !theories and statements. and to the est of nay knowledge and heber. it b 
true. correct. and complete. Declaration of preparer (other than gereral partner or breedliability company member manager) is based on all information of which 
preparer has any ImovAedge. 
Sign 
Here 
lil. 
III' 
May the RS discuss this relish, 
with the preparer shown below 
(see instrs)
Signature of general partner or lotted liability company member manager 
Date 
Yes FIN. 
Paid 
Print/Type preparers ninth 
Steven M. Samuels 
Preparers signature 
Steven M. Samuels 
Date 
Check 
CJ if 
selfierrployed 
KIN 
P00091086 
Preparer 
nreSMarrle 
P. Steven M. Samuels CPA, PA 
FimesEIN • 65-1060270 
Use Only 
Forf,,1=,-,..-
PARKLAND, FL 33067-4420 
Phone no. 
BAA For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see separate instructions. 
PTPAOIDSL 1D27/1I 
Form 1065 (2011) 
EFTA00593218
--- PAGE 11 ---
Form 1065 
ANDROCYTE, LLC . 45-1804323 
Other Information 
a 
c 
e 
At 
treated 
similar 
At 
a 
organization, 
the 
b 
partnership? 
At 
a 
to 
through 
What 
— 
X 
Did 
Owning 
Did 
Owning 
Own 
type of entity is filing this return? Check 
Domestic general partnership 
b 
Domestic limited liability company 
d 
Foreign partnership 
f 
any time during the tax year, was any partner 
as a partnership), a trust, an S corporation, 
person'? 
the end of the tax year: 
any foreign or domestic corporation, partnership 
or any foreign government own, 
partnership? For rules of -constructive ownership, 
50% or More of the Partnership 
any individual or estate own, directly or indirectly, 
For rules of constructive ownership, 
50% or More of the Partnership 
the end of the tax year, did the partnership: 
directly 20% or more, or own, directly or indirectbc, 
vote of any foreign or domestic corporation? 
(iv) below 
the 
— 
— 
directly 
For 
applicable box: 
Domestic limited partnership 
Domestic limited liability partnership 
Other 
 ei.. 
'n the partnership a disregarded entity, a partnership (including an 
an estate (other than an estate of a deceased partner), or a nominee 
(including any entity treated as a partnership), trust, or tax•exempt 
or indirectly, an interest of 50% or more in the profit, loss, or 
see instructions. If 'Yes,' attach Schedule B.1, Information on 
an interest of 50% or more in the profit, loss, or capital of the 
see instructions. If 'Yes,' attach Schedule B.1, Information on Partners 
50% or more. of the total voting power of all classes of stock 
rules of constructive ownership, see instructions. If 'Yes,. complete 
entity 
or 
capital of 
Partners 
entitled 
(i) 
Yes 
X 
X 
No 
X 
MI 
X 
(i) Name of Corporation 
(10 Employer 
Identification 
Number (if any) 
(110 Country of 
Incorporation 
(Iv) Percentage 
Owned in 
Voting Stock 
b Own directly an interest of 20% or more, or own, directly or ind'rectly, an interest of 50% or more in the 
in any foreign or domestic partnership (including an entity treated as a partnership) or in the beneficial 
rules of constructive ownership, see instructions. If 'Yes, complete (i) through (v) below 
profit, loss or capital
interest of a trust? For 
■ 
X 
(I) Name of Entity 
Employer 
Identification 
Number (if any) 
(II) Type of 
Entity 
(v) Country of 
Organization 
(v) Maximum 
Percentage 
Owned in Profit, 
Loss, or Capital 
Page 2 
P7PAD112L 1D727/II 
Form 1065 (2011) 
EFTA00593219
--- PAGE 12 ---
ANDROCYTE LLC. 45-1804323 
Page 3 
Form 1065 (2011) 
Did the partnership file Form 8893, Election of Partnership Level Tax Treatment, or an election statement under section 
6231(a)(1)(B)00 for partnership-level tax treatment, that is in effect for this tax year? See Form 8893 for more details 
Ii i3 No 
X 
Does this partnership satisfy all four of the following conditions? 
a The partnerships total receipts for the tax year were less than $250,000. 
b The partnership's total assets at the end of the tax year were less than $1 million. 
c Schedules K-1 are filed with the return and furnished to the partners on or before the due date (including extensions) 
for the partnership return. 
d The partnership is not filing and is not required to file Schedule M-3  
If 'Yes,' the partnership is not required to complete Schedules L, M-1, and M-2; Item F on page I of Form 1065; or 
Item L on Schedule K-1. 
X 
Is this partnership a publicly traded partnership as defined in section 469(k)(2)' 
X 
During the tax year, did the partnership have any debt that was cancelled, was forgiven, or had the terms modified so as to 
reduce the principal amount of the debt' 
X 
Has this partnership filed, or is it required to file, Form 8918, Material Advisor Disclosure Statement, to provide information on 
any reportable transaction' 
X 
At any time during calendar year 2011, did the partnership have an interest in or a signature or other authority over 
a financial account in a foreign country (such as a bank account, securities account, or other financial account)? 
See the instructions for exceptions and filing requirements for Form ID F 90.22.1, Report of Foreign Bank and Financial 
Accounts. If 'Yes,' enter the name of 
the foreign country... 
X 
At any time during the tax year, did the partnership receive a distribution from, or was it the grantor of, or transferor to, a 
foreign trust? If 'Yes,' the partnership may have to file Form 3520, Annual Return To Report Transactions With Foreign Trusts 
and Receipt of Certain Foreign Gifts. See instructions 
X 
12a Is the partnership making, or had it previously made (and not revoked), a section 754 election? 
See instructions for details regarding section 754 election. 
b Did the partnership make for this tax year an optional basis adjustment under section 743(3) or 734(b)? If 'Yes,' attach a 
statement showing the computation and allocation of the basis adjustment. See instructions. 
c Is the partnership required to adjust the basis of partnership assets under section 743(b) or 73403) because of a substantial 
built-in loss (as defined under section 743(d)) or substantial basis reduction (as defined under section 734(d))? If 'Yes,' 
attach a statement showing the computation and allocation of the basis adjustment. See instructions 
X 
X 
■ 
X 
Check this box if, during the current or prior tax year, the partnership distributed any property received in a like-kind 
exchange or contributed such property to another entity (other than disregarded entities wholly-owned by the 
K 
partnership throughout the tax year)
At 
At any time during the tax year, did the partnership distribute to any partner a tenancy-in-common or other undivided interest 
in a partnership property' 
X 
If the partnership is required to file Form 8858, Information Return of U.S. Persons With Respect To Foreign Disregarded 
Entities, enter the number of Forms 8858 attached. 
See instructions 
ii-
Does the partnership have any foreign partners? If 'Yes,' enter the number of Forms 8805, Foreign Partners Information 
Statement of Section 1446 Withholding Tax, filed for this partnership. „. 
X 
Enter the number of Forms 8865, Return of U.S. Persons With Respect to Certain Foreign Partnerships, attached 
to this return 
 . 
—.I 
18a Did you make any payments in 2011 that would require you to file Form(s) 1099? See instructions 
b If 'Yes,' did you or will you file all required Form(s) 1099? 
X 
X 
Enter the number of Form(s) 5471, Information Return of U.S. Persons With Respect To Certain Foreign Corporations, 
attached to this return 
 IS. 
Designation of Tax Matters Partner (see the instructions) 
Enter below the general partner designated as the tax matters partner (TMP) for the tax year of this return: 
Name of 
designated IMP 
if the TI/P is an 
entity. name of 
17.1P representative 
Address of 
designated TMP 
ANDROCYTE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
JAMES CLEMENT 
AVENTURA, FL 33180 
Identifying 
number of TIIP 
Phone number 
of TMP 
45-2038037 
Form 1065 (2011) 
PTPADII2L 1D/27f11 
EFTA00593220
--- PAGE 13 ---
Form 1065 (2O11) 
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 45-1804323 
Page 4 
Schedule K 
Partners' Distributive Share Items 
Total amount 
Income 
(Loss) 
Ordinary business income (loss) (page 1, line 22) 
Net rental real estate income (loss) (attach Form 8825) 
3a Other gross rental income (loss) 
b Expenses from other rental activities (attach stint) 
e Other net rental income (loss). Subtract line 3b from line 3a 
Guaranteed payments 
Interest income 
Dividends: a Ordinary dividends 
b Qualified dividends 
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain (loss) (attach Schedule D (Form 1O65)) 
9a Net long-term capital gain (loss) (attach Schedule D (Form 1O65)) 
b Collectibles (28%) gain (loss)
e Unrecaptured section 1250 gain (attach statement) 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) (attach Form 4797) 
Other income (loss) (see instructions) 
Type l• 
3a 
-201,469. 
3c 
 3bl 
I 6b I 
47. 
6a 
ii 
9a 
I Sc I 
Dedue- 
tions 
Section 179 deduction (attach Form 4562) 
13a Contributions 
b Investment interest expense. 
e Section 59(eX2) expenditures: (1) Type 1.- 
 (4 Amount 1" 
d Other deductions (see instructions) Type I.
13a 
13b 
13e (2) 
13d 
Self- 
EmPlot 
ment 
14a Net earnings (loss) from self-employment 
b Gross farming or fishing income 
e Gross nonfarm income 
14a 
14b 
14e 
Credits 
15a Low-income housing credit (section 42()(5)) 
b Low-income housing credit (other) 
e Qualified rehabilitation expenditures (rental real estate) (attach Form 3468) 
d Other rental real estate credits (see instructions) Type • 
15a 
15b 
15e 
15d 
e Other rental credits (see instructions) 
 Type • 
15e 
f Other credits (see instructions) 
 Type • 
15f 
Foreign 
Trans- 
actions 
16a Name of country or U.S. possession.. b• 
b Gross income from all sources 
e Gross income sourced at partner level 
Foreign gross income sourced at partnership level 
d Passive category •  
 e General category •  
 f Other 
- 
- 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partner level 
g Interest expense ..  
 h Other 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partnership level to foreign source income 
I Passive category •  
j General category 8. _ _ _ 
_ _ _ kOther 
I Total foreign taxes (check one): IN- Paid K 
Accrued Er 
mReduction in taxes available for credit (attach statement) 
n Other foreign tax information (attach statement) 
. 
0' 
0' 
0' 
r 
16b 
16e 
16f 
a 
16h 
M 
16k 
161 
16m 
AM 
IME 
Alternative 
Minimum 
Tax 
(
RAC)
ems 
17a Post-1986 depreciation adjustment 
b Adjusted gain or loss 
e Depletion (other than oil and gas) 
d Oil, gas, and geothermal properties — gross income 
e Oil, gas, and geothermal properties — deductions 
f Other AIAT items (attach stmt) 
17a 
17b 
17e 
17d 
17e 
17f 
Other 
Infor- 
matron 
18a Tax-exempt interest income 
b Other tax-exempt income 
e Nondeductible expenses 
19a Distributions of cash and marketable securities 
b Distributions of other property 
2Oa Investment income 
b Investment expenses 
e Other items and amounts (attach stmt) 
18a 
18b 
18e 
2,447. 
19a 
19b 
2Oa 
47. 
2Ob 
BAA 
Form 1065 (2011) 
PTPA01341 OST/6/11 
EFTA00593221
--- PAGE 14 ---
Form 1065 (2011) 
ANDROCYTE, LLC . 45-1804323 
Page 5 
Analysis of Net Income Loss 
Net income (loss). Combine Schedule K, lines 1 through II. From the resu t, subtract the sum of 
Schedule K, lines 12 through 13d, and 161 
-201,422. 
Analysis by 
partner type 
(0 Corporate 
(II) Individual 
(active) 
010 Individual 
(passive) 
(Iv) Partnership 
(v) Exempt 
organization 
(vi) Nominee/Other 
a General 
pariners... . 
b ltrntle,,d,. 
path
. . 
—201,422. 
Schedule L Balance Sheets per Books 
Beginning of tax year 
End of ax year 
Assets 
Cash. 
2a Trade notes and accounts receivable 
b Less allowance for bad debts 
Inventories 
U.S. government obligations 
Tax•exempt securities 
Other current assets (attach stmt) 
7a Loans to partners (or persons related to partner* 
b Mortgage and real estate loans 
Other investments (attach stmt) 
9a Buildings and other depreciable assets 
b Less accumulated depreciation 
10a Depletable assets 
b Less accumulated depletion 
Land (net of any amortization) 
12a Intangible assets (amortizable only) 
b Less accumulated amortization 
Other assets (attach stmt) 
Total assets 
Liabilities and Capital 
Accounts payable 
Mortgages, notes, bonds payable in less than I year...
Other current liabilities (attach stmt) 
All nonrecourse loans 
19a Loans from partners (or persons related to partners) 
b Mortgages, notes, bonds payable in I year or more 
Other liabilities (attach stmt) 
Partners' capital accounts 
Total liabilities and capital 
(a) 
(b) 
(e) 
(d) 
47,122. 
32,880. 
32,880. 
llf 
IP 
80,002. 
23,871. 
56,131. 
80,002. 
Schedule M-1 Reconciliation of Income (Loss) per Books With Income (Loss) per Return 
be required instead of Schedule M-1 (see instructions). 
Note. Schedule M-3 may 
Net income (loss) per books 
Income included on Schedule K, lines 1, 
2, 3c, 5, 6a, 7, 8, 9a, ICI, and 11, not 
-203,869. 
Income recorded on books this year not 
included on Schedule K, lines 1 through 
(iitemize): 
recorded on books this year (itemize): 
a Tax-exempt interest . . $ 
Deductions included on Schedule K, lines 1 through 
Guaranteed pmts (other than health insurance) 
Expenses recorded on books this_year not included 
13d, and 161, not charged against book income this 
year (itemize): 
on Schedule K, lines I throu0 lad and 161 
(itemize): 
a Depreciation  
b Travel and 
entertainment 
447. 
a Depreciation 
Add lines 6 and 7 
2,447. 
Income (loss) (Analysis of Net Income (Loss), line 1). 
Add lines 1 through 4 
-201,422. 
Subtract line 8 from line 5. 
-201,422. 
Schedule M-2 Analysis of Partners' Capital Accounts 
Balance at beginning of year 
0. 
Distributions: a Cash 
Capital contributed: a Cash 
b Property 
260,000. 
b Property 
Other decreases (itemize): 
Net income (loss) per books 
-203,869. 
Other increases (itemize): 
Add lines 6 and 7 
Add lines 1 through 4 
56,131. 
Balance at end of year. Subtract line 8 from line 5.... 
56,131. 
PTPA01341 OWD5tIl 
Form 1065 (2011) 
EFTA00593222
--- PAGE 15 ---
SCHEDULE B-1 
(Form 1065) 
(December 2011) 
Department of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service 
Information on Partners Owning 50% or 
More of the Partnership 
• Attach to Form 1065. See Instructions. 
O/43 No. 15454099 
Weriedpwlmr00 
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
45-1804323 
Employer identification number (EIN) 
Part I 
Entities Owning 50% or More of the Partnership (Form 1065, Schedule B, Question 3a) 
Complete columns () through (v) below for any foreign or domestic corporation, partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership), 
trust, tax•exempt organization, or any foreign government that owns, directly or indirectly, an interest of 50% or more in the profit, loss, or 
capital of the partnership (see instructions). 
Name d Edify 
w.ma,2.acm. 
Of any) 
Cu.) 
Type M 
Entity
Country of‘anizabon 
Percentage
(v) Maximum
th thobt.Wmor 
cams 
ANDROCYTE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
45-2038037 Partnership U.S. 
84.310 
ANDROCYTE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
45-2038037 Ptrship. 
U.S. 
84.310 
ZASIS, LLC 
20-4637772 Ptrship. 
U.S. 
100.000 
Pan II 
 Individuals or Estates Owning 50% or More of the Partnership (Form 1065 Schedule B, Question 3b) 
Complete columns (i) through (iv) below for any individual or estate that owns, directly or indirectly, an interest of 50% or more in the profit, 
loss, or capital of the partnership (see instructions). 
0)NameoumWWwfl.Milak 
Wele04004.mber 
( ranY) 
600mstryolOtizmA04ftinstwdion0 
thgfitiOmwn 
Percentage tinned 
in Profit. Loss. or 
Cool& 
BAA For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice. see the instructions fo Form 1065. 
Schedule B•1 (Form 1065) (12.2011) 
FMAUML 0627/11 
EFTA00593223
--- PAGE 16 ---
Final K-I 
Amended K-I 
651111 
OMB No. ISIS 0099 
Schedule K-1 
(Form 1065) 
For calendar 
0eparknent of the Treaswy 
year begrining 
Internal Revenue Service 
ending 
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
• 
See 
LU I I 
year 2011. cc Lax 
.2011 
Year Income, 
and Other Items 
Part III Partner's Share of Current 
Deductions Credits 
Ordinary business income (loss) 15 
Credits 
separate instructions. 
Net rental real estate income (loss) 
Other net rental income (loss) 
Foreign transactions 
Partnership 
Part I 
Information About the 
Guaranteed payments 
A Partnership's employer identification number 
45-1804323 
Interest income 
40. 
B Partnership's name, address, city, state, and ZIP code 
ANDR0CYTE
LLC. 
6a Ordinary dividends 
6b Qualified dividends 
C IRS Center where partnership filed return 
e-f ile 
Royalties 
Check if this is a publicly traded partnership (PTP) 
Net shod-term capital gain (loss)
Partner 
9a Net long-term capital gain (loss) 17 
Alternative minimum tax (AMT) items 
Part II 
Information About the 
E Partner's identifying number 
45-2038037 
9b Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
F Partners name, address, city, state, and ZIP code 
ANDR0CYTE MANAGEMENT 
LLC 
, 
9e Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
C 
Tax-exempt income and 
nondeductible expenses 
2,063. 
Other income (loss) 
G 
H 
I 
J 
X General partner or LLC 
Limited partner or other 
member-manager 
LLC member 
Domestic partner 
❑Foreign partner 
type of entity is this partner? Partnership 
X 
What 
Partner's 
Profit 
Distributions 
share of profit, loss, and capital 
Beginning 
% 
(see instructions): 
Ending 
.31 % 
Section 179 deduction
Other deductions 
A 
Other information 
40. 
Loss 
% 
%  
Capital 
84.31 % 
K Partner's share of liabilities at year end: 
Nonrecourse 
Qualified nonrecourse financing 
Recourse 
$ 
$ 
Self-employment earnings (loss) 
$ 
L 
M 
Partner's 
Beginning 
Capital 
Current 
Withdrawals 
Ending 
capital account analysis: 
capital account 
contributed during the year 
year increase (decrease) 
and distributions 
capital account 
Tax basis 
K GAAP 
Other (explain) 
the partner contribute property with 
$ 
• *See attached statement for additional information.
$ 
o 
R 
R 
S 
u 
s 
E 
o 
L 
Y
$ 
-2,023. 
$ 
$ 
-2,023. 
Section 704(b) book 
a built-in gain or loss? 
X 
Did 
Yes 
X No 
If 'Yes'. attach statement (see instructions) 
BAA For Papenvork Reduction Act Notice, see Instructions for For, 11065. 
Partner 1 
Schedule K•1 (Form 1065) 2011 
PIPA0312L 02118111 
EFTA00593224
--- PAGE 17 ---
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 2011 
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
45-1804323 
Page 2 
This list identifies the codes used on Schedule K-I for allpartners and provides summarized reporting information for partners who file Form IOW. For detailed reporting 
and filing information, see the separate Partner's Instructions for Schedule K-I and the instructions for your income tax return. 
Code 
Report on 
J Work opportunity credit 
K Disabled access credit 
L Empowerment tee and renewal community 
employment credit 
See the Partners 
M Credit for increasing research activities 
N Credit for employer social security and 
Medicare taxes 
O Backup withholdng 
Form 1040. line 62 
P Other credits 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Foreign transactions 
A Name of canny or U.S. possession 
B Cross income from as sources 
Form 1116. Peet I 
C Cross income wined al partner level 
Foreign gross income sourced at partnership level 
D Passive category 
E General category 
Form 1116. Part I 
F other 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partner level 
G Interest expense 
Form 1116. Part I 
H Other 
Form 1116. Part I 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partnership level to 
foreign source income 
I Passive category 
J General category 
Form 1116. Part I 
K other 
Other information 
L Total foreign taxes paid 
F rte 1116. Part II 
M Total foreign taxes accrued 
Form 1116. Part II 
N Reduction in taxes avertible for credit 
Form 1116. line 12 
O Foreign trading gross receipts 
F rm 8873 
P Extraterritorial Moyne exclusion 
F rm 8873 
Q Other foreign transactions 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Alternative minimum tax (AMC Items 
A Post.1986 depreciation adjuStrnent 
B Adjusted gain or loss 
C Depletion (other than en & gm) 
D Oil. gas. & geothermal — gross income 
E Oil. gm. & geothermal — deductions 
F Other MIT items 
Tax-exempt income and nondeductible expenses 
A Tax exerrpt interest name 
Form 1040. line 8b 
B Other tax exempt income 
See the Partner's Instructions 
C Nondeductible expenses 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Distributions 
A Cash and marketable securities 
B Destribution sudect to seders 737 
C Other property 
Other information 
A Investment incense 
Form 4952. line 4a 
B Investment expenses 
Form 4952. line 5 
C Fuel tax credit nformatim 
Form 4136 
D Qualified rehabildatien expenditures (other than 
rental real estate) 
See the Partners Instructions 
E Basis of energy property 
See the Partner's Instructions 
F Recapture of lurginceene housing credit (section 
420(5)) 
Form 8611. line 8 
G Recapture of lurginceene housing credit (other) 
Form 8611. line 8 
H Recapture of investment credit 
Form 4255 
Recapture of other credits 
See the Partners Instructions 
j 
Lookteck interest — completed 
longterm contracts 
See Form 8697 
K LOOkibaCk interest — income 
forecast method 
See Form 8866 
L Depositions of properly with 
seeker 179 de
bom 
M Recapture of section 179 deduction 
N Interest expense for corporate partners 
O Section 453(0(3) information 
P Section 653A(c) information 
Q Sadism 1260(b) information 
R Interest allocable to production expenditures 
S CCF nongualified withdrawals 
T Depletion ritionviatiCel 
oil and gas 
U Amortization of reforestation costs 
 Unrelated business taxable income 
W Precontribution gain (loss) 
X Section 108(0 nformatien 
Y Other information 
45-2038037 
PTPA03121. 08/18/11 
Ordinary business income (loss). Determine whether the income (loss) is passive 
or nonpassrve and enter as your return as knows. 
Report on 
Passive loss 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Passive income 
Schedule E. line 28. column (g) 
Nonpassive loss 
Schedule E. line 28. column (h) 
Nonpassive income 
Schedule E. line 28. column (0 
Net rental real estate income (loss) 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Other net rental income (loss) 
Net income 
Schedule E. line 28. column (g) 
Nel loss 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Guaranteed payments 
Schedule E. line 28. column ()
Interest income 
Form 1040. the 8a 
6a Ordinary dividends 
Form 1040. the 9a 
b Qualified dividends 
Form 1040. the 9b 
Royalties 
Schedule E. lire 3b 
Net 'hareem capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 5 
9a Net longterm capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 12 
b Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
28% Rate Gain Worksheet. line 
(Schedule D It-Much:nu) 
9C Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
See the Partnor's Instructions 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
See the Parther's Instructions 
Other income(oss) 
Code 
A Other portfolio income (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
B Invokritary conversions 
See the Partners Instructions 
C Section 136 contracts and straddles 
Form 6781. Ire 1 
D Miring expeoratien costs recapture 
See Pit 535 
E Cancellation of debt 
Fern 1040, die 21 or Form 982 
F Other ncome (loss) 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Section 179 deduction 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Other deductions 
A Cush contributions (50%) 
B Cash contributions (30%) 
C Noncash Cana/MSS (50%) 
— 
See the Partners 
D Noncash contributions (30%) 
Instructions 
E Capital gain property to a 50% 
organization (30%) 
F Capital gain property (20%) 
G Centrioutices (100%) 
H Investment Merest expense 
Form 4952. the 1 
I Deductions — regally insane 
Schedule E. lire 19 
J Section 59(e)(2) expenditures 
See the Partner's Instructions 
K Deductions — pert: to (2% floor) 
Schedule A. lire 23 
L Deductions — pert: to (other) 
Schedule A. lire 28 
M Amounts paid for medical 
Schedule A. lire 1 or
ingrance 
Form 1040. the 29 
N Educations assistance benefits 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Dependent care benefits 
Form 2441. the 12 
P Preproducbve period expenses 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Q Cr:article, revitalization deduction from 
rental real estate activities 
See Form 8582 Instructions 
R Pensions and RAs 
See the Partner's Instructions 
S Reliant/then expense deduction 
See the Partner's Instructions 
T Domestic pro-Sieben activities information 
See Form 8903 Instructions 
LI Gnashed production activities income 
Form 8903. site 7b 
V Employers Form *2 wages 
Form 8903. the 17 
W Other deductions 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Sell-employment earnings (loss) 
Note. If yen haven section )79 deduction or any partnerless, *duelist's. see Ole 
Partner Y Inseuetions before comp'efing &heals% SE. 
A Net earnings Noss) from selberrployment 
Schedule SE. Section A or B 
B Gres farming or fishing income 
See the Partner's Instructions 
C Gross nonfarm income 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Credits 
A Lowenccene housing credit (section 420(5)) 
freer, pre.2008 buildings 
B Lorin:cos housing credit (other) from 
pre.2008 buildings 
C Lorin:cos housing credit (section 420)(5)) 
from posb2007 buildings 
See the Partners 
D Lowenceme housing credit (other) from 
posb2007 thildings 
_ 
Instructions 
E Quashed rehabilitation expenditures (rental 
real estate) 
F Other rental real estate credits 
G Other rental credits 
H Undiseleuted capital gains credit 
Form 10$0. Ire 71: check box a 
I Attend and cellulosic berfuel fuels credit 
See the Partner's Instructions 
lnsbuctions 
 See the Partner's 
Instructor:gm and 
the Instructions for 
Form 6251 
}
See the Partners 
Instructions 
See the Partners 
Instructions 
Partner 1: 
ANDROCYTE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Schedule K1 (Form 1065) 2011 
EFTA00593225
--- PAGE 18 ---
Final K-I 
Amended K-I 
651111 
OMB No. ISIS 0099 
Schedule K-1 
(Form 1065) 
For calendar 
Oeparknent of the Treaswy 
year begrining 
Internal Revenue Service 
ending 
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
• 
See 
LU I I 
year 2011. cc Lax 
.2011 
Year Income, 
and Other Items 
Part III Partner's Share of Current 
Deductions Credits 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
—201,469.  
Credits 
separate instructions. 
Net rental real estate income (loss) 
Other net rental income 0055) 
Foreign transactions 
Partnership 
Part I 
Information About the 
Guaranteed payments 
A Partnership's employer identification number 
45-1804323 
Interest income 
7. 
B Partnership's name, address, city, state, and ZIP code 
ANDR0CYTE
LLC. 
6a Ordinary dividends 
6b Qualified dividends 
C IRS Center where partnership filed return 
e-file 
Royalties 
D 
Check if this is a publicly traded partnership (PTP) 
Net shod-term capital gain (loss)
Partner 
9a Net long-term capital gain (loss) 17 
Alternative minimum tax (AMT) items 
Part II 
Information About the 
E Partner's identifying number 
20-4637772 
9b Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
F Partners name, address, city, state, and ZIP code 
ZASIS 
LLC 
"
1111/1/11
9e Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
C 
Tax-exempt income and 
nondeductible expenses 
384. 
Other income (loss) 
G 
H 
I 
J 
General partner or LLC 
X Limited partner or other 
LLC member 
partner 
member-manager 
Domestic partner 
❑Foreign 
type of entity is this partner? Partnership 
X 
What 
Partners 
Profit 
Distributions 
share of profit, loss, and capital 
Beginning 
% 
(see instructions): 
Ending 
15.69 % 
Section 179 deduction 
Other deductions 
A 
Other information 
7. 
Loss 
% 
100 %  
Capital 
15.69 % 
K Partners share of liabilities at year end: 
Nonrecourse 
Qualified nonrecourse financing 
Recourse 
$ 
$ 
Self-employment earnings (loss) 
$ 
L 
M 
Partners 
Beginning 
Capital 
Current 
Withdrawals 
Ending 
capital account analysis: 
capital account 
contributed during the year 
year increase (decrease) 
and distributions 
capital account 
Tax basis 
K GAAP 
Other (explain) 
the partner contribute property with 
$ 
O. *See attached statement for additional information.
$ 
260,000. 
F o 
R 
R 
S 
u 
s 
E 
o 
L 
Y
$ 
-201,846. 
$ 
$ 
58,154. 
Section 704(b) book 
a built-in gain or loss? 
X 
Did 
Yes 
X No 
If 'Yes'. attach statement (see instructions) 
BAA For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see Instructions for Fon 11065. 
Partner 2 
Schedule K•1 (Form 1065) 2011 
PIPA0312L 02118111 
EFTA00593226
--- PAGE 19 ---
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 2011 
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
45-1804323 
Page 2 
This list identifies the codes used on Schedule K-I for allpartners and provides summarized reporting information for partners who file Form IOW. For detailed reporting 
and filing information, see the separate Partner's Instructions for Schedule K-I and the instructions for your income tax return. 
Code 
Report on 
J Work opportunity credit 
K Disabled access credit 
L Etrpcnverment Stele and renewal community 
employment credit 
See the Penn.'s 
M Credit for increasing research activities 
N Credit Ice employer social security and 
Medicare taxes 
O Backup withheldeg 
Form 1040. line 62 
P Other credits 
Foreign transactions 
A Name of country or U.S. possession 
B Cross income from all sources 
F 
Form 1116, Peet I 
C Cross income seemed al partner level 
Foreign gross income sourced at partnership level 
D Passive category 
E Genital artery 
Fern 1116. Part I 
F other 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partner level 
G Interest expense 
Form 1116. Part I 
H Other 
Form 1116. Part I 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partnership level to 
foreign source income 
Passive category 
J General category 
Fern 1116. Part I 
K Other 
Other information 
L Total foreign taxes paid 
M Total foreign taxes accrued 
N Reduction in faxes avertible for credit 
O Foreign trading gross receipts 
P Extraterritorial interne exclusion 
Q Ober Foreign transactions 
Alternative minimum tax (ANT) Nom 
A Posto1986 depreciation adjustment 
B Adjusted gain or loss 
C Depletion (other than en & gm) 
D Oil. gas. & geothermal — gross income 
E Oil. gm. & geothermal — deduction 
F Other MIT items 
Tax-exempt income and nondeductible expenses 
A Taxoexerrpt interest name 
Form 1040. line 8b 
B Other tax exempt income 
See the Partner's Instructions 
C Nondeductible expenses 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Distributions 
A Cash and marketable securities 
B Daibution suSect to section 737 
C Other property 
Other information 
A Investment income 
B Investment expenses 
C Fuel tax credit eformatice 
Form 4136 
D Qualified rehabilitation expenditures (other than 
rental real estate) 
See the Partners Instructions 
E Basis of energy property 
See the Partner's Instructions 
F Recapture of leonine:me housing credit (section 
(5S 
Form 8611. line 8 
G Recapture of Insincere* housing credit (other) 
H Recapture of immanent credit 
Recapture of other credits 
j 
Li:ekes& interest — completed 
longterm contracts 
K LOOktaCk interest — income 
forecast method 
L Depositions of property with 
section 179 de
bom 
M Recapture of section 179 deduction 
N Interest expense for corporate partners 
O Section 453(0(3) information 
P Section 4534(c) information 
Q Section 1260(b) information 
R Interest allocable to production expenditures 
S OCF nongualiked withdrawals 
T Depletion eformatice — oil and gas 
U Amortization of reforestation costs 
 Unrelated business taxable income 
W Precontribution gain (oss) 
X Section 1013() seemlier, 
Y Other information 
FTPA03121. 08/18/11 
Schedule K•1 (Form 1065) 2011 
Ordinary business income (loss). Determine whether the income (loss) is passive 
or nonpassrve and enter cis your return as blows. 
Report on 
Passive loss 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Passive income 
Schedule E. line 28. column (g) 
Nonpassive loss 
Schedule E. line 28. column (h) 
Nonpassive income 
Schedule E. line 28. column (0 
Net rental real estate income (loss) 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Other net rental income (loss) 
Nel income 
Schedule E. line 28. column (g) 
Nel loss 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Guaranteed payments 
Schedule E. line 28. column ()
Interest income 
Form 1040. N.e 8a 
6a Ordinary dividends 
Form 1040. N.e 9a 
b Qualified dividends 
Form 1040. N.e 9b 
Royalties 
Schedule E. line 3b 
Net short term capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 5 
9a Net longoterm capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 12 
b Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
28% Rate Gain Worksheet. line 
(Schedule D Iretructrens) 
9C Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
See the Partner's Iretructicm 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
See the Parther's Iretructions 
Other income(oss) 
Code 
A Other portfolio income (loss) 
See the Partner's Instructions 
B Invokritary conversions 
See the Partners Instructions 
C Section 136 contracts and straddles 
Form 6781. lee 1 
D thineg en/Malice costs recapture 
See Pit 535 
E Cancellation of debt 
From 1040, re 21 or Form 982 
F Other ecome (loss) 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Section 179 deduction 
See the Partner's Instructions 
other deductions 
A Cash contributions (50%) 
B Cash contributions (30%) 
C NeneaSh eentriatilietIS (50%) 
— 
See the Partners 
D Noncash entributices (30%) 
Instructions 
E Capital gain property to a 50% 
organization (30%) 
F Capital gain property (20%) 
G Cantina's (100%) 
H Investment tutored expense 
Form 4952. N.e 1 
I Deductions 
regally income 
Schedule E. line 19 
J Section 59(e)(2) expenditures 
See the Partner's Instructions 
K Deductions 
pollee° (2% floor) 
Schedule A. line 23 
L Deductions 
pollee° (other) 
Schedule A. line 28 
M Amounts paid for medical 
Schedule A. line I or
instance 
Form 1040. N.e 29 
N Educational assistance benefits 
See the Partner's Instructions 
O Dependent care benefits 
Form 2441. N.e 12 
P Preproductve period expenses 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Q Commercial revitalization deduction from 
rental real este* activities 
See Form 8582 Instructiom 
R Pensions and Ms 
See the Partner's Instructions 
S Reforestation experde deduction 
See the Partner's Instructions 
T Domestic production activities informalice 
See Form 8903 Instructions 
LI Quashed production activities income 
Form 8903. site 7b 
V Employers Fenn *2 wages 
Form 8903. N.e 17 
W Other deductions 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Sellemployment earnings (loss) 
Note. Sinn haven section )79 deduction or any partnerless, deductions. see 8,e 
Partner Y Inseuetions before comp'efing &heals% SE. 
A Net earnings Noss) from selfoorployment 
Schedule SE. Section A or B 
B Comes farming or fishing income 
See the Partner's Instructions 
C Gross nen.farm income 
See the Parther's Instructions 
Credits 
A Lapin:one housing credit (section 42g)(5)) 
from preo2008 buildings 
B Lewin:erne housing credit (other) frem 
pre 2008 buildings 
C Lowoincerne housing credit (section 42g)(5)) 
hem posto2007 buildings 
See the Partners 
D Low income housing credit (other) from 
posto2007 thildings 
_ 
Instructions 
E Quashed rehabilitation expenditures (rents 
real estate) 
F Other rents real estate credita 
G Other rental credits 
H Undistrented capital gains credit 
Form 10$0. Ire 71: check box a 
I Mond and cellulosic knifuel fuels credit 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Partner 2: 
ZASIS, LLC 
20-4637772 
—fret:entices 
See the Partner's Instructions 
F rte 1116. Part II 
Form 1116. Part II 
Form 1116. line 12 
F rm 8873 
F rm 8873 
See the Partner's Instructions 
 See the Partner's 
Instructions and 
the Instructions for 
Form 6251 
—See the Partners 
Instructions 
Form 4952. line 4a 
Form 4952. line 5 
Form 8611. line 8 
Form 4255 
See the Partners Instructions 
See Form 8697 
See Form 8866 
See the Partners 
[fel/Wheels 
EFTA00593227
--- PAGE 20 ---
2011 
Federal Statements 
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
Page 1 
45-1804323 
Statement 1 
Form 1065, Line 20 
Other Deductions 
Bank Charges 
$ 
180. 
Conferences and Meetings 
1,155. 
Legal and Professional 
5,110. 
Management Fees 
110,000. 
Meals and Entertainment 
2,447. 
Miscellaneous 
66. 
Postage 
314. 
Research and Development 
20,422. 
Supplies 
7,514. 
Telephone 
3,604. 
Travel 
50,484.
Total $ 
201,296. 
EFTA00593228
--- PAGE 21 ---
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
AVENTURA, FL 33180 
August 30, 2012 
ANDROCYTE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
AVENTURA, FL 33180 
RE: 
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
45-1804323 
Schedule K-1 from Partnership's 2011 Return of Income 
Dear ANDROCYTE MANAGEMENT, LLC: 
Enclosed is your 2011 Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, Etc. from ANDROCYTE, LLC.. This information reflects the amounts you need to 
complete your income tax return. The amounts shown are your distributive share of partnership 
tax items to be reported on your tax return, and may not correspond to actual distributions you 
have received during the year. This information is included in the Partnership's 2011 Federal 
Return of Partnership Income that was filed with the Internal Revenue Service. 
If you have any questions concerning this information, please contact us immediately. 
Sincerely, 
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
Enclosure(s) 
EFTA00593229
--- PAGE 22 ---
Final K-I 
Amended K-I 
651111 
OMB No. ISIS 0099 
Schedule K-1 
(Form 1065) 
For calendar 
0eparknent of the Treaswy 
year begrining 
Internal Revenue Service 
ending 
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
• 
See 
LU I I 
year 2011. cc Lax 
.2011 
Year Income, 
and Other Items 
Part III Partner's Share of Current 
Deductions Credits 
Ordinary business income (loss) 15 
Credits 
separate instructions. 
Net rental real estate income (loss) 
Other net rental income (loss) 
Foreign transactions 
Partnership 
Part I 
Information About the 
Guaranteed payments 
A Partnership's employer identification number 
45-1804323 
Interest income 
40. 
B Partnership's name, address, city, state, and ZIP code 
ANDR0CYTE
LLC. 
6a Ordinary dividends 
6b Qualified dividends 
C IRS Center where partnership filed return 
e-f ile 
Royalties 
Check if this is a publicly traded partnership (PTP) 
Net shod-term capital gain (loss)
Partner 
9a Net long-term capital gain (loss) 17 
Alternative minimum tax (AMT) items 
Part II 
Information About the 
E Partner's identifying number 
45-2038037 
9b Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
F Partners name, address, city, state, and ZIP code 
ANDR0CYTE MANAGEMENT 
LLC 
, 
9e Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
C 
Tax-exempt income and 
nondeductible expenses 
2,063. 
Other income (loss) 
G 
H 
I 
J 
X General partner or LLC 
Limited partner or other 
member-manager 
LLC member 
Domestic partner 
❑Foreign partner 
type of entity is this partner? Partnership 
X 
What 
Partner's 
Profit 
Distributions 
share of profit, loss, and capital 
Beginning 
% 
(see instructions): 
Ending 
.31 % 
Section 179 deduction
Other deductions 
A 
Other information 
40. 
Loss 
% 
%  
Capital 
84.31 % 
K Partner's share of liabilities at year end: 
Nonrecourse 
Qualified nonrecourse financing 
Recourse 
$ 
$ 
Self-employment earnings (loss) 
$ 
L 
M 
Partner's 
Beginning 
Capital 
Current 
Withdrawals 
Ending 
capital account analysis: 
capital account 
contributed during the year 
year increase (decrease) 
and distributions 
capital account 
Tax basis 
K GAAP 
Other (explain) 
the partner contribute property with 
$ 
• *See attached statement for additional information.
$ 
o 
R 
R 
S 
u 
s 
E 
o 
L 
Y
$ 
-2,023. 
$ 
$ 
-2,023. 
Section 704(b) book 
a built-in gain or loss? 
X 
Did 
Yes 
X No 
If 'Yes'. attach statement (see instructions) 
BAA For Papenvork Reduction Act Notice, see Instructions for For, 11065. 
Partner 1 
Schedule K•1 (Form 1065) 2011 
PIPA0312L 02118111 
EFTA00593230
--- PAGE 23 ---
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 2011 
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
45-1804323 
Page 2 
This list identifies the codes used on Schedule K-I for allpartners and provides summarized reporting information for partners who file Form IOW. For detailed reporting 
and filing information, see the separate Partner's Instructions for Schedule K-I and the instructions for your income tax return. 
Code 
Report on 
J Work opportunity credit 
K Disabled access credit 
L Empowerment tee and renewal community 
employment credit 
See the Partners 
M Credit for increasing research activities 
N Credit for employer social security and 
Medicare taxes 
O Backup withholdng 
Form 1040. line 62 
P Other credits 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Foreign transactions 
A Name of canny or U.S. possession 
B Cross income from as sources 
Form 1116. Peet I 
C Cross income wined al partner level 
Foreign gross income sourced at partnership level 
D Passive category 
E General category 
Form 1116. Part I 
F other 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partner level 
G Interest expense 
Form 1116. Part I 
H Other 
Form 1116. Part I 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partnership level to 
foreign source income 
I Passive category 
J General category 
Form 1116. Part I 
K other 
Other information 
L Total foreign taxes paid 
F rte 1116. Part II 
M Total foreign taxes accrued 
Form 1116. Part II 
N Reduction in taxes avertible for credit 
Form 1116. line 12 
O Foreign trading gross receipts 
F rm 8873 
P Extraterritorial Moyne exclusion 
F rm 8873 
Q Other foreign transactions 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Alternative minimum tax (AMC Items 
A Post.1986 depreciation adjuStrnent 
B Adjusted gain or loss 
C Depletion (other than en & gm) 
D Oil. gas. & geothermal — gross income 
E Oil. gm. & geothermal — deductions 
F Other MIT items 
Tax-exempt income and nondeductible expenses 
A Tax exerrpt interest name 
Form 1040. line 8b 
B Other tax exempt income 
See the Partner's Instructions 
C Nondeductible expenses 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Distributions 
A Cash and marketable securities 
B Destribution sudect to seders 737 
C Other property 
Other information 
A Investment incense 
Form 4952. line 4a 
B Investment expenses 
Form 4952. line 5 
C Fuel tax credit nformatim 
Form 4136 
D Qualified rehabildatien expenditures (other than 
rental real estate) 
See the Partners Instructions 
E Basis of energy property 
See the Partner's Instructions 
F Recapture of lurginceene housing credit (section 
420(5)) 
Form 8611. line 8 
G Recapture of lurginceene housing credit (other) 
Form 8611. line 8 
H Recapture of investment credit 
Form 4255 
Recapture of other credits 
See the Partners Instructions 
j 
Lookteck interest — completed 
longterm contracts 
See Form 8697 
K LOOkibaCk interest — income 
forecast method 
See Form 8866 
L Depositions of properly with 
seeker 179 de
bom 
M Recapture of section 179 deduction 
N Interest expense for corporate partners 
O Section 453(0(3) information 
P Section 653A(c) information 
Q Sadism 1260(b) information 
R Interest allocable to production expenditures 
S CCF nongualified withdrawals 
T Depletion ritionviatiCel 
oil and gas 
U Amortization of reforestation costs 
 Unrelated business taxable income 
W Precontribution gain (loss) 
X Section 108(0 nformatien 
Y Other information 
45-2038037 
PTPA03121. 08/18/11 
Ordinary business income (loss). Determine whether the income (loss) is passive 
or nonpassrve and enter as your return as knows. 
Report on 
Passive loss 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Passive income 
Schedule E. line 28. column (g) 
Nonpassive loss 
Schedule E. line 28. column (h) 
Nonpassive income 
Schedule E. line 28. column (0 
Net rental real estate income (loss) 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Other net rental income (loss) 
Net income 
Schedule E. line 28. column (g) 
Nel loss 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Guaranteed payments 
Schedule E. line 28. column ()
Interest income 
Form 1040. the 8a 
6a Ordinary dividends 
Form 1040. the 9a 
b Qualified dividends 
Form 1040. the 9b 
Royalties 
Schedule E. lire 3b 
Net 'hareem capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 5 
9a Net longterm capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 12 
b Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
28% Rate Gain Worksheet. line 
(Schedule D It-Much:nu) 
9C Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
See the Partnor's Instructions 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
See the Parther's Instructions 
Other income(oss) 
Code 
A Other portfolio income (loss) 
See the Partners Instructions 
B Invokritary conversions 
See the Partners Instructions 
C Section 136 contracts and straddles 
Form 6781. Ire 1 
D Miring expeoratien costs recapture 
See Pit 535 
E Cancellation of debt 
Fern 1040, die 21 or Form 982 
F Other ncome (loss) 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Section 179 deduction 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Other deductions 
A Cush contributions (50%) 
B Cash contributions (30%) 
C Noncash Cana/MSS (50%) 
— 
See the Partners 
D Noncash contributions (30%) 
Instructions 
E Capital gain property to a 50% 
organization (30%) 
F Capital gain property (20%) 
G Centrioutices (100%) 
H Investment Merest expense 
Form 4952. the 1 
I Deductions — regally insane 
Schedule E. lire 19 
J Section 59(e)(2) expenditures 
See the Partner's Instructions 
K Deductions — pert: to (2% floor) 
Schedule A. lire 23 
L Deductions — pert: to (other) 
Schedule A. lire 28 
M Amounts paid for medical 
Schedule A. lire 1 or
ingrance 
Form 1040. the 29 
N Educations assistance benefits 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Dependent care benefits 
Form 2441. the 12 
P Preproducbve period expenses 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Q Cr:article, revitalization deduction from 
rental real estate activities 
See Form 8582 Instructions 
R Pensions and RAs 
See the Partner's Instructions 
S Reliant/then expense deduction 
See the Partner's Instructions 
T Domestic pro-Sieben activities information 
See Form 8903 Instructions 
LI Gnashed production activities income 
Form 8903. site 7b 
V Employers Form *2 wages 
Form 8903. the 17 
W Other deductions 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Sell-employment earnings (loss) 
Note. If yen haven section )79 deduction or any partnerless, *duelist's. see Ole 
Partner Y Inseuetions before comp'efing &heals% SE. 
A Net earnings Noss) from selberrployment 
Schedule SE. Section A or B 
B Gres farming or fishing income 
See the Partner's Instructions 
C Gross nonfarm income 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Credits 
A Lowenccene housing credit (section 420(5)) 
freer, pre.2008 buildings 
B Lorin:cos housing credit (other) from 
pre.2008 buildings 
C Lorin:cos housing credit (section 420)(5)) 
from posb2007 buildings 
See the Partners 
D Lowenceme housing credit (other) from 
posb2007 thildings 
_ 
Instructions 
E Quashed rehabilitation expenditures (rental 
real estate) 
F Other rental real estate credits 
G Other rental credits 
H Undiseleuted capital gains credit 
Form 10$0. Ire 71: check box a 
I Attend and cellulosic berfuel fuels credit 
See the Partner's Instructions 
lnsbuctions 
 See the Partner's 
Instructor:gm and 
the Instructions for 
Form 6251 
}
See the Partners 
Instructions 
See the Partners 
Instructions 
Partner 1: 
ANDROCYTE MANAGEMENT, LLC 
Schedule K1 (Form 1065) 2011 
EFTA00593231
--- PAGE 24 ---
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
AVENTURA, FL 33180 
August 30, 2012 
ZASIS, LLC 
CARSON CITY, NV 89706 
RE: 
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
45-1804323 
Schedule K-1 from Partnership's 2011 Return of Income 
Dear ZASIS, LLC: 
Enclosed is your 2011 Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, Etc. from ANDROCYTE, LLC.. This information reflects the amounts you need to 
complete your income tax return. The amounts shown are your distributive share of partnership 
tax items to be reported on your tax return, and may not correspond to actual distributions you 
have received during the year. This information is included in the Partnership's 2011 Federal 
Return of Partnership Income that was filed with the Internal Revenue Service. 
If you have any questions concerning this information, please contact us immediately. 
Sincerely, 
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
Enclosure(s) 
EFTA00593232
--- PAGE 25 ---
Final K-I 
Amended K-I 
651111 
OMB No. ISIS 0099 
Schedule K-1 
(Form 1065) 
For calendar 
Oeparknent of the Treaswy 
year begrining 
Internal Revenue Service 
ending 
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
• 
See 
LU I I 
year 2011. cc Lax 
.2011 
Year Income, 
and Other Items 
Part III Partner's Share of Current 
Deductions Credits 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
—201,469.  
Credits 
separate instructions. 
Net rental real estate income (loss) 
Other net rental income 0055) 
Foreign transactions 
Partnership 
Part I 
Information About the 
Guaranteed payments 
A Partnership's employer identification number 
45-1804323 
Interest income 
7. 
B Partnership's name, address, city, state, and ZIP code 
ANDR0CYTE
LLC. 
6a Ordinary dividends 
6b Qualified dividends 
C IRS Center where partnership filed return 
e-file 
Royalties 
D 
Check if this is a publicly traded partnership (PTP) 
Net shod-term capital gain (loss)
Partner 
9a Net long-term capital gain (loss) 17 
Alternative minimum tax (AMT) items 
Part II 
Information About the 
E Partner's identifying number 
20-4637772 
9b Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
F Partners name, address, city, state, and ZIP code 
ZASIS 
LLC 
"
1111/1/11
9e Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
C 
Tax-exempt income and 
nondeductible expenses 
384. 
Other income (loss) 
G 
H 
I 
J 
General partner or LLC 
X Limited partner or other 
LLC member 
partner 
member-manager 
Domestic partner 
❑Foreign 
type of entity is this partner? Partnership 
X 
What 
Partners 
Profit 
Distributions 
share of profit, loss, and capital 
Beginning 
% 
(see instructions): 
Ending 
15.69 % 
Section 179 deduction 
Other deductions 
A 
Other information 
7. 
Loss 
% 
100 %  
Capital 
15.69 % 
K Partners share of liabilities at year end: 
Nonrecourse 
Qualified nonrecourse financing 
Recourse 
$ 
$ 
Self-employment earnings (loss) 
$ 
L 
M 
Partners 
Beginning 
Capital 
Current 
Withdrawals 
Ending 
capital account analysis: 
capital account 
contributed during the year 
year increase (decrease) 
and distributions 
capital account 
Tax basis 
K GAAP 
Other (explain) 
the partner contribute property with 
$ 
O. *See attached statement for additional information.
$ 
260,000. 
F o 
R 
R 
S 
u 
s 
E 
o 
L 
Y
$ 
-201,846. 
$ 
$ 
58,154. 
Section 704(b) book 
a built-in gain or loss? 
X 
Did 
Yes 
X No 
If 'Yes'. attach statement (see instructions) 
BAA For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see Instructions for Fon 11065. 
Partner 2 
Schedule K•1 (Form 1065) 2011 
PIPA0312L 02118111 
EFTA00593233
--- PAGE 26 ---
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 2011 
ANDROCYTE, LLC. 
45-1804323 
Page 2 
This list identifies the codes used on Schedule K-I for allpartners and provides summarized reporting information for partners who file Form IOW. For detailed reporting 
and filing information, see the separate Partner's Instructions for Schedule K-I and the instructions for your income tax return. 
Code 
Report on 
J Work opportunity credit 
K Disabled access credit 
L Etrpcnverment Stele and renewal community 
employment credit 
See the Penn.'s 
M Credit for increasing research activities 
N Credit Ice employer social security and 
Medicare taxes 
O Backup withheldeg 
Form 1040. line 62 
P Other credits 
Foreign transactions 
A Name of country or U.S. possession 
B Cross income from all sources 
F 
Form 1116, Peet I 
C Cross income seemed al partner level 
Foreign gross income sourced at partnership level 
D Passive category 
E Genital artery 
Fern 1116. Part I 
F other 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partner level 
G Interest expense 
Form 1116. Part I 
H Other 
Form 1116. Part I 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partnership level to 
foreign source income 
Passive category 
J General category 
Fern 1116. Part I 
K Other 
Other information 
L Total foreign taxes paid 
M Total foreign taxes accrued 
N Reduction in faxes avertible for credit 
O Foreign trading gross receipts 
P Extraterritorial interne exclusion 
Q Ober Foreign transactions 
Alternative minimum tax (ANT) Nom 
A Posto1986 depreciation adjustment 
B Adjusted gain or loss 
C Depletion (other than en & gm) 
D Oil. gas. & geothermal — gross income 
E Oil. gm. & geothermal — deduction 
F Other MIT items 
Tax-exempt income and nondeductible expenses 
A Taxoexerrpt interest name 
Form 1040. line 8b 
B Other tax exempt income 
See the Partner's Instructions 
C Nondeductible expenses 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Distributions 
A Cash and marketable securities 
B Daibution suSect to section 737 
C Other property 
Other information 
A Investment income 
B Investment expenses 
C Fuel tax credit eformatice 
Form 4136 
D Qualified rehabilitation expenditures (other than 
rental real estate) 
See the Partners Instructions 
E Basis of energy property 
See the Partner's Instructions 
F Recapture of leonine:me housing credit (section 
(5S 
Form 8611. line 8 
G Recapture of Insincere* housing credit (other) 
H Recapture of immanent credit 
Recapture of other credits 
j 
Li:ekes& interest — completed 
longterm contracts 
K LOOktaCk interest — income 
forecast method 
L Depositions of property with 
section 179 de
bom 
M Recapture of section 179 deduction 
N Interest expense for corporate partners 
O Section 453(0(3) information 
P Section 4534(c) information 
Q Section 1260(b) information 
R Interest allocable to production expenditures 
S OCF nongualiked withdrawals 
T Depletion eformatice — oil and gas 
U Amortization of reforestation costs 
 Unrelated business taxable income 
W Precontribution gain (oss) 
X Section 1013() seemlier, 
Y Other information 
FTPA03121. 08/18/11 
Schedule K•1 (Form 1065) 2011 
Ordinary business income (loss). Determine whether the income (loss) is passive 
or nonpassrve and enter cis your return as blows. 
Report on 
Passive loss 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Passive income 
Schedule E. line 28. column (g) 
Nonpassive loss 
Schedule E. line 28. column (h) 
Nonpassive income 
Schedule E. line 28. column (0 
Net rental real estate income (loss) 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Other net rental income (loss) 
Nel income 
Schedule E. line 28. column (g) 
Nel loss 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Guaranteed payments 
Schedule E. line 28. column ()
Interest income 
Form 1040. N.e 8a 
6a Ordinary dividends 
Form 1040. N.e 9a 
b Qualified dividends 
Form 1040. N.e 9b 
Royalties 
Schedule E. line 3b 
Net short term capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 5 
9a Net longoterm capital gain (loss) 
Schedule D. line 12 
b Collectibles (28%) gain (loss) 
28% Rate Gain Worksheet. line 
(Schedule D Iretructrens) 
9C Unrecaptured section 1250 gain 
See the Partner's Iretructicm 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
See the Parther's Iretructions 
Other income(oss) 
Code 
A Other portfolio income (loss) 
See the Partner's Instructions 
B Invokritary conversions 
See the Partners Instructions 
C Section 136 contracts and straddles 
Form 6781. lee 1 
D thineg en/Malice costs recapture 
See Pit 535 
E Cancellation of debt 
From 1040, re 21 or Form 982 
F Other ecome (loss) 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Section 179 deduction 
See the Partner's Instructions 
other deductions 
A Cash contributions (50%) 
B Cash contributions (30%) 
C NeneaSh eentriatilietIS (50%) 
— 
See the Partners 
D Noncash entributices (30%) 
Instructions 
E Capital gain property to a 50% 
organization (30%) 
F Capital gain property (20%) 
G Cantina's (100%) 
H Investment tutored expense 
Form 4952. N.e 1 
I Deductions 
regally income 
Schedule E. line 19 
J Section 59(e)(2) expenditures 
See the Partner's Instructions 
K Deductions 
pollee° (2% floor) 
Schedule A. line 23 
L Deductions 
pollee° (other) 
Schedule A. line 28 
M Amounts paid for medical 
Schedule A. line I or
instance 
Form 1040. N.e 29 
N Educational assistance benefits 
See the Partner's Instructions 
O Dependent care benefits 
Form 2441. N.e 12 
P Preproductve period expenses 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Q Commercial revitalization deduction from 
rental real este* activities 
See Form 8582 Instructiom 
R Pensions and Ms 
See the Partner's Instructions 
S Reforestation experde deduction 
See the Partner's Instructions 
T Domestic production activities informalice 
See Form 8903 Instructions 
LI Quashed production activities income 
Form 8903. site 7b 
V Employers Fenn *2 wages 
Form 8903. N.e 17 
W Other deductions 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Sellemployment earnings (loss) 
Note. Sinn haven section )79 deduction or any partnerless, deductions. see 8,e 
Partner Y Inseuetions before comp'efing &heals% SE. 
A Net earnings Noss) from selfoorployment 
Schedule SE. Section A or B 
B Comes farming or fishing income 
See the Partner's Instructions 
C Gross nen.farm income 
See the Parther's Instructions 
Credits 
A Lapin:one housing credit (section 42g)(5)) 
from preo2008 buildings 
B Lewin:erne housing credit (other) frem 
pre 2008 buildings 
C Lowoincerne housing credit (section 42g)(5)) 
hem posto2007 buildings 
See the Partners 
D Low income housing credit (other) from 
posto2007 thildings 
_ 
Instructions 
E Quashed rehabilitation expenditures (rents 
real estate) 
F Other rents real estate credita 
G Other rental credits 
H Undistrented capital gains credit 
Form 10$0. Ire 71: check box a 
I Mond and cellulosic knifuel fuels credit 
See the Partner's Instructions 
Partner 2: 
ZASIS, LLC 
20-4637772 
—fret:entices 
See the Partner's Instructions 
F rte 1116. Part II 
Form 1116. Part II 
Form 1116. line 12 
F rm 8873 
F rm 8873 
See the Partner's Instructions 
 See the Partner's 
Instructions and 
the Instructions for 
Form 6251 
—See the Partners 
Instructions 
Form 4952. line 4a 
Form 4952. line 5 
Form 8611. line 8 
Form 4255 
See the Partners Instructions 
See Form 8697 
See Form 8866 
See the Partners 
[fel/Wheels 
EFTA00593234

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593235.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593235.pdf
----------------------------------------
MOLLC C807(2013 324 PM 
Fo„„ 1065 
COporlment al the Tree:try 
Irterrol Revenue Santa 
A 
Pit coral btrzro2.- =trete 
RESEARCH 
B Pomo,' patrol or seroco 
BIOMARKERS 
C 
ElusineSS code number 
541700 
U.S. Return of Partnership Income 
Fo calenclai year 2012, 0 lax yea( Weenie;  
. ending 
ti Information about Form 1065 and Its separate instructions Is at ynneirs.goWlionn1065. 
Name ce partner:hp 
Print 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
or 
type. 
ry a 
Wilt erri ZIP Code 
AVENTURA 
FL 33180 
G Check applicable boxes: 
(1) 
(6) 
H Check accounting method: (1) 
I 
Number of Schedules K.I . Attach one for each person who was a partner at any time during the tax year a 
J Check if Schedules C and M3 are attached  
OMB No 154.40099 
2012 
D 
Employer identification number 
E 
F 
45-1804323 
Dego bustross aged 
05/01/2011 
TOUll e$691$ (We the 
entruCtOnig 
$ 
50,843 
Initial return 
(2) 0 
Final return (3) 0 
Name change (4) D Address change 
(5) 9 
Amended return 
Technical termination • also check (1) or (2) 
Cash 
(2) 9 
Accrual 
(3) 9 
Other (specify a 
Caution. Include only trade or business income and expenses on lines to through 22 below. See the instructions for more information. 
Income 
is Gross receipts or sales 
1a 
b Returns and allowances 
1b 
c Balance. Subtract line lb from line la  
Cost of goods sold (attach Form 1125-A)  
Gross profit. Subtract line 2 from line lc 
Ordinary income doss) frcm other partnerships, estates. and trusts (attach statement) 
Net farm profit (loss) (attach Schedule F (Form 1040))  
Net gain (loss) from Form 4797. Part II, We 17 (Math Form 4797)  
Other income (loss) (attach statement) 
Total Income (foss). Combine lines 3 through 7 
lc 
lir 1
.0 
I. 
I 
O 
t 3 
g
Salaries and wages (other than to partrwrs) (less employment credits) 
Guaranteed payments to partners  
Repairs and maintenance  
Bad dads  
Rent 
Taxes and loenses 
Interest  
16a Depreciation (i1 required. attach Form 4562)  
1,888 
I l es i 
2,771 
16c 
1,888 
b Less depreciation reported on Form 1125-A and elsewhere on return  
Depletion (Do not deduct oil and gas depletion.)  
Retirement plans, etc.  
Employee benefit programs 
Other deductions (attach statement)  
See Statement 1 
Total deductions. Add the amounts shown in the far right column for lines 9 through 20  
200,454 
205,113 
Ordinary business Income (loss). Subtract line 21 from line 8  
—205,113 
Sign 
Here
Under PeDebeS Cr PerIrty. I declare tel I have erainred Phi return. isCludIng ett001)(Myhe reeduleS and SlaternentS. and 03 Me bosi Or my 
knoWedge and WW1. Cis ins. ewer( and compote Docinnon or paperer tome, than WOW/ canner or ImtE4 hablIty company Meatier 
mragel 8 based on al reonnaton elution mower ms ary knows*, 
My Me IRS rISCuSS the realm 
MT the MEM shown below (We 
astumnsi, 
QYes 
Ill 
No 
r sr.,. 01 04)Peral garner cc Wiled Ilablty COMperhy rrern...ef ', r..) 
Date 
Paid 
Preparer 
Use Only 
PORDYPe [Mere.% name 
Lunen Pfeiffer, CPA 
am: 
ret- 
alb
08/07/13 
Int 
R
sottorrobyai 
Pug 
P01201727 
flays name 
t i 
WOLFE FINANCIAL GROUP 
Rads IN 1.1 
26-0010294 
rimy: an o= 
t, 
LAKE MARY, FL 
32746 
Phone rot 
For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see separate instructions. 
Form 1065 00121 
EFTA00593235
--- PAGE 2 ---
ANOLLC C607(2013 124 PM 
Form 1065 (2012) 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
45-1804323 
Page 2 
Schedule B 
Other Information 
a 
c 
e 
What 
_ 
X 
type of entity is fikng this return? Check the applicable 
Domestic general partnership 
b 
Domestic limited liabilty company 
Foreign ownership 
f 
box: 
_ 
Domestic limited partnership 
_ 
Domestic limited liability partnership 
Other u 
Yes 
No 
At any time during the tax year. was any partner in the partnership a disregarded entity. a partnership (including 
an entity treated as a partnership). a trust an S corporation, an estate (other than an estate of a deceased partner). 
or a nominee or similar person?  
a 
b 
At the end of the tax year: 
Did any foreign or domestic corporation, partnership (inducing any entity treated as a partnership), trust. or 
tax-exempt organization. or any foreign government own. directly or indirectly. an interest of 50% or more in the 
profit loss. or capital of the partnership? For rules of constructive ownership, see instructions. It -Yes: attach 
Schedule 8-1. Information on Partners Owning 50% or More of the Partnership  
Did any individual or estate own. directly or indirectly, an interest of 50% or more in the profit, loss, or capital of 
the partnership? For rules of constructive ownership. see instructions. If -Yes," attadi Schedule B-1. Information 
on Partners Owning 50% or More of the Partnership  
a 
At the end of the tax year. did the partnership: 
Own directly 20% or more, or own. directly or indirectly. 50% or more of the total voting power of al classes of 
stock entitled to vote of any foreign or domestic corporation? For rules of constructive ownership, see 
instructions. If 'Yes." complete (i) through (iv) below 
X 
(I) Name ol CCreben 
EmNow Icler441CMC0 
Nmibef Id anti 
0I0 00tay ol 
InCerperalOn 
(1.0 Perceniage 
fmned in VON(
Sexk 
b 
Own directly an interest of 20% or more, or own. directly or indirectly. an interest of 50% or more in the profit, loss. 
or capital in any foreign or domestic partnership (Including an entity treated as a partnership) or in the beneficial 
interest of a trust? For rules of constructive ovmership see instructions. If Wes,- complete (I) through (v) below  
(1) Nemo el ENO 
&MM. 
Identficatim 
Number (4 arm 
(III) Type el 
EAR,/ 
ON COurOy of 
OrgenZet/M 
(vi ‘14,,,,,r( 
Percermr Ownee in 
kali, Lee- or Gyrs 
Did the partnership file Form 8893, Election of Partnership Level Tax Treatment, or an election statement under 
section 6231(a)(1)(8)(ii) for partnership-level tax treatment, that is in effect for this tax year? See Form 8893 for 
more details  
Yes 
No 
a 
b 
e 
d 
Does the partnership satisfy all four of the following conditions? 
The partnership's total receipts for the tax year were less than $250.000. 
The partnership's total assets at the end of the tax year were less than $1 million. 
Schedules K-1 are filed with the return and furnished to the partners on or before the due date (inducing 
extensions) for the partnership return. 
The partnership is not filing and is not required to file Schedule M-3  
II 'Yes: the partnership is not required to complete Schedules L M-1, and M-2: Item F on page 1 of Form 1065. 
or Item L on Schedule K-1 
Is this partnership a publicly traded partnership as defined in section 469(k)(2)? 
During the tax year. did the partnership have any debt that was cancelled. was forgiven. Or had the terms 
modified so as to reduce the principal amount of the debt?  
Has this partnership filed. or is it required to file. Form 8918. Material Advisor Disclosure Statement, to provide 
information on any reportable transaction? 
At any time during calendar year 2012. did the partnership have an interest in or a signature or other authority over 
a financial account in a foreign country (such as a bank account, securities account. or other financial account)? 
See the instructions for exceptions and filing requirements for Form TD F 90-22.1, Report of Foreign Bath and 
Financial A000unts. If "Yes: enter the name of the foreign country. u 
X 
1065 
EFTA00593236
--- PAGE 3 ---
MOLLC C607(2013 124 PM 
Form 1065 (2012) 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
45-1804323 
Page 3 
Schedule B 
Other Information (continued 
At any time during the tax year, did the partnership receive a distribution from, or was it the grantor of. or 
transferor to. a foreign trust? II 'Yes." the partnership may have to Ne Form 3520. Annual Return To Report 
Transactions With Foreign mists and Receipt of Certain Foreign Gifts. See instructions 
Yes 
No 
X 
12a 
b 
c 
Is the partnership making, or had it previously made (and not revoked). a section 754 election? . 
See instructions for details regarding a section 754 election. 
Did the partnership make for this tax year an optional basis adjustment under section 743(b) or 734(3)? II 'Yes," 
attach a statement showing the computation and allocation of the basis adjustment. See Instructions  
Is the partitership required to adust the basis of partnership assets under sec ion 743(b) or 734(b) because of a 
substantial bilt.in loss (as defined under sedan 743(d)) or substantial basis reduction (as defined under section 
734(d))? If 'Yes.' attach a statement showing the ccanutatisn and atocalisn of the basis adjustment. See instructions.  
X 
X 
X 
Check this box if. during the current or prior tax year. the partnership distributed any property received in a 
like.kind exchange or contrbuted such property to another entity (other than disregarded entities 
whoily.owned by the partnership throughout the tax year) 
P. K 
At ally time during the tax year. did the partnership (attribute to any partner a tenancy•Incommon or other 
undivided interest in partnership property? 
X 
If the partnershb is required to file Form 8858. Information Return of U.S. Persons With Respect To Foreign 
Disregarded Entities. enter the number of Forms 8858 attached. See instructions u 
Does the partnership have any foreign partners? II 'Yes.' enter the number of Forms 8805. Foreign Partners 
Information Statement of Section 1446 Withholding Tax. Ned for this partnershb. u 
X 
Enter the number of Forms 8865. Return of U.S. Persons With Respect to Certain Foreign Partnerships. attached 
to this return u 
18a 
b 
Did you make any payments in 2012 that would require you to fie Form(s) 1099? See instructions  
If "Yes' did you or will you file required FOIRUS 1099?  
X 
Enter the number of Form(s) 5471, Information Return of U.S. Persons With Respect To Certain Foreign 
Co 
adorn. attached to the return u 
Enter the number of partners that are foreign garemments under section 892. is 
Designation of Tax Matters Partner (see instructions) 
Enter below the general partner or member-manager designated as the tax matters partner (TMP) for the tax year of this return: 
Name Of 
designaled 
TMP 
II me IMP pa an 
entsty. name 
of TLIP rooto:onlatfro 
AOctOSS 
decignaled 
TMP 
ANDROCYTE MANAGEMENT LLC 
100611)400 
ouster of ThIP 
45-2038037 
JAMES CLEMEN 
of IMP 
MY* nuMW 
FOrn 1065!20.21 
EFTA00593237
--- PAGE 4 ---
AtIDLLC 06072013 324 PM 
Form 1065 (2012) ANDROCYTE LLC 
45-1804323 
Page 4 
Schedule K 
Partners' Distributive Share Items 
Total amount 
Income (Loss) 
Ordinary business income (loss) (page 1. line 22) 
Net rental real estate income (loss) (attach Form 8825) 
3a Other gross rental income (loss)  
b Expenses from other rental aconites (attach statement)  
c Other net rental income (loss). Subtract line 3b from line 3a 
—205,113 
3c 
3b
Guaranteed payments 
Interest Income  
Dividends: a Ordinary dividends 
6a 
b Qualified dividends 
6b I 
Royalties  
Net short-term capital gain (loss) (attach Schedule D (Form 1065)) 
9a Net long-term capital gain (loss) (attach Schedule D (Form 1065)) 
b Collectibles (28%) gain (loss)  
9b 
9a 
C Urrecaphired section 1250 gain (roach maximeno  
9c
Net section 1231 gain (loss) (attach Form 4797)  
Other income (loss) (see instructions) Type u 
m 
c 
vi9 
Section 179 deduction (attach Form 4562)  
13a Contributions  
Investment interest expense  
c Section 59(e)(2) expenditures: 
13a 
13b 
OS 
(1) Type u 
(2) Amount 
u 
d Other deductions (see instructions) Type u 
'um 
13d 
o 1.C.
Lug 
14a Net earnings (loss) from self-employment 
b Gross farming or fishing income 
c Gross nonfarm income 
14a 
14b 
14c 
Credits 
15a Low-income housing credit (section 42Q)(5))  
b Low-income housing credit (other)  
c Cualified rehabilitation expenditures (rental real estate) (attach Form 3468) 
d Other rental real estate credits (see instructions) 
Type u 
e Other rental credits (see instructions) 
Type u 
15a 
15b 
15c 
15d 
15e 
I Other credits (see instructions) 
Type a 
151 
Foreign Transactions 
16a Name of country or U.S. possession a  
b Gross income from all sources 
c Gross income sourced at partner level  
16b 
16c 
Foreign gross income sourced at partnership level 
d Passke category u  
 e General category u  
Other a 
16f 
Deductions allocated and apportioned at partner level 
g Interest expense a  
h Other  
a 
16h 
Deduction allocated and apportioned at partnership level to foreign scam income 
I 
Passive category u  
I 
General category u 
k Other a 
16k 
I Total foreign taxes (check one): a 
Paid p 
Accrued 0 
m Reduction in taxes available for credit (attach statement)  
n Other foreign tax information (attach statement)  
161 
16m 
Alternative 
Minimum Tax 
(AMT) Items 
17a Post-1986 depreciation adjustment  
b Adjusted gain or loss 
c Depletion (other than oil and gas)  
d Oil, gas. and geothermal properties — gross Income .... . 
e Oil, gas, and geothermal properties — deductions  
17a 
124 
17b 
17c 
17d 
17e 
Other AMT items (attach statement)  
17f 
Other Information 
18a Tax-exempt interest income 
b Other tax-exempt Income  
18a 
18b 
C Nondeductible expenses  
See Statement 2 
18c 
128 
19a Distributions of cash and marketable securities  
b Distributions of other property 
19a 
35,800 
19b 
20a Investment income 
b Investment expenses  
c Other Items and amounts (attach statement)  
20a 
20b 
ram 1065 oir. 
EFTA00593238
--- PAGE 5 ---
MELLO C8072013 324 PM 
Form 1065 (2012) 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
Analysis of Net Income (Loss) 
45-1804323 
Page 5 
Not income (loss). C 
Anatysis by 
partner type: 
a 
General partners 
b Limited partners 
—205,113 
(I) Corporate 
(II) Individual 
(active) 
(III) Individual 
(passive) 
(Iv) Partnership 
(v) Exempt 
organization 
(99 
NominesOther 
—15,001 
—118,211 
—71,901 
Schedule L 
Balance Sheets per Books 
Beginning of tax year 
End of tax year 
Assets 
(a) 
b) 
(c) 
(d) 
Cash 
47,122 
9,631 
2a 
b 
Trade notes and armints receivable 
Less allowance for bad debts  
Inventories  
U.S. government obligations 
Tax-exempt securities  
Other CtiffOrt assets 
warn statement) 
7a 
b 
Loans to partners (or persons related to partners) 
Mortgage and real estate loans  
over rnewneas 
warn statement)  
9a 
Buildings and other depreciable assets  
12,412 
b Less accumulated depreciation  
1.888 
10,524 
10a 
b 
Deptetable assets  
Less accumulated depletion  
Land (net of any amortization)  
12a Intangible assets (amortizable only) 
32,880 
32,880 
b Less accumulated amortization 
32,880 
2,192 
30,688 
Omar assets 
PCACA alatemerv3 
80,002 
50,843 
Total assets  
Liabilities and Capital 
Accounts payable 
Mortgages. notes. bonds payable in less than 1 year 
Omer current labiate 
team statement) 
AI mama:curse loans  
19a 
b 
Loans from partners (or persons related to partners) 
//alpaca. roles. bards payable in I yea or more  
23,871 
Caw Itablees 
See Stmt 3 
iscach statement) 
35,911 
56,131 
14,932 
Paints' caps accounts  
Total frablities and capital 
80,002 
50,843 
Schedule M-1 
Reconciliation of Income (Loss) per Books With Income (Loss) per Return 
Note. Schedule M-3 may be required instead of Schedule M.1 (see instructions). 
Net income (loss) per books  
Income included on Schedule K. finest. Z 
5. 6a. 7. 8. 9a. 10, and 11. not recorded on 
books this year 
(rtem9e):  
Guaranted parent Other ten heath raurwce)  
recorded on backs this year not 
Fncil sdeson Schedule K. Ines 1 through 
13d. and 161 (dente): 
a 
CCINOCCOCI1 
b 
Travel and 
eotertenreeni 
$ 
128 
Add Ines 1 through 4 
-205,241 6 
Income recorded on books this year not included 
on Schedule K, lines 1 through 11 (itemize): 
a Tax-exempt interest $  
Deduction included on Schethe K Ines I hough 130. 
and 161. rat charged event hook income tie yaw tioritey 
a Depredation 
$  
Add lines 6 and 7  
Income (loss) (Analysis of Net Income 
(Loss). line 1). Subtract mite 8 from Ina 5 
128 
-205,113 
—205,113 
Schedule M-2 
Analysis of Partners' Capital Accounts 
Balance at beginning of year 
Capital contributed: a Cash 
b Property  
Net income (loss) per books 
oOKr Irceasee 
Monte 
Add Ines I through 4  
56,131 6 
Distributions 
a Cash  
b Property  
Other decreases 
(itemize):  
Add lines 6 and 7  
Balance at end of year. Subtract line 8 from Ilne 5 
35,800 
199,842 
—205,241 
35,800 
50,732 
14,932 
can 
ron, 1065 2012, 
EFTA00593239
--- PAGE 6 ---
ANOLLC 06072013 324 PM 
SCHEDULE B-1 
(Form 1065) 
Information on Partners Owning 50% or 
(Rev. December 2011) 
Drearier% 01 Ole Treasury 
More of the Partnership 
u Attach to Form 1065. See instructions on back. 
0/A0 N,. 1545 0739 
Internal Revert* Service 
Name d canner-hp 
Employer identification number (EIN) 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
45-1804323 
Part I 
Entities Owning 50% or More of the Partnership (Form 1065, Schedule B, Question 3a) 
Complete columns (0 through (v) below for any foreign or domestic corporation. partnership (including any entity treated as a 
partnership). trust, tax•exempt organization. or any foreign government that owns. directly or indirectly. an interest of 50% or more in 
the profit. loss. or capital of the partnership (see instructions). 
III Name Or Elea 
11) &Oyer 
kgralcaare Weber 
d any) 
(10 NY? 01 Entry 
Pe 
Gouty of Omani:men 
(vl Maxon= 
Porterage exiled 
En Prof I. LOss. 
or Capeal 
ANDROCYTE MANAGEMENT LLC 
45-2038037 
Partnership 
United States 
82.610000 
ZASIS, LLC 
20-4637772 Partnership 
United States 
53.549000 
Part II 
Individuals or Estates Owning 50% or More of the Partnership (Form 1065. Schedule B. Question 3b) 
Complete columns (I) through (iv) below for any individual or estate that owns. directly or indirectly. an interest of 50% or more in the 
profit, loss. or capital of the pannership (see instructions). 
liv) tleamum 
Porcertage Owned m 
MNamedWvIclualcrEVW 
lilt 10,ntrog Ym-09,
Rap 
OI Country 01 Mao*le lee. inshvonah 
Prolt. LOBS. 
a Calilel 
For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice. see the Instructions for Form 1065. 
Schedule B. (Fern 10135) (Rev. 122011) 
EFTA00593240
--- PAGE 7 ---
MOLLC 0107(2013 324 PM 
D Fnal K.1 
K 
Arnero.:1x.i 
OW la)1 5.0)99 
Schedule 
K-1 
2012 
I Part IIII 
Partners 
Share of Current 
Year Income, 
(Form 
1065) 
Deductions, 
Credits, 
and Other Items 
Department S the Treasury 
For calendar year 2012. or tax 
Internal Revenue Sever) 
year IX/MN 
Ordinary business income (oss) 
Creche 
ending 
Net rental real WOG r1CCene NMI 
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
ki See back of form and separate instructions. 
Other net metal Income (loss) 
IS 
Fortin barbaclons 
I Part I I 
Information 
About 
the Partnership 
Guaranteed payments 
A 
Pannersties *mob'', derirlearan rumba 
- 1804323 
s 
Wawa 'erne 
B Pannershp's name. address. Cty. KM. and DP code 
ANDROCYTE 
LLC 
6a 
Ordnary dullards 
OnHad dvidends 
C IRS Center whom partnership Red retro 
Ogden, 
UT 
Royabes 
I) EI Check itels IS a pubic& eaaecl PantSit IPTP) 
Nel 8bOrtbarrn MCP pan OW 
'Alert 
HI 
Information 
About 
the Partner 
9a 
Net loneterm capital gain go :l 
Mambo m nrtum tax 'NATI earns 
E Partners pen-Myna ma'am 
A 
103 
- 2038037 
Colrabbbs '28%) pan (loss) 
F 
Pannera 'wile. b:Uress. eky. state. and ZIP rode 
ANDROCYTE 
MANAGEMENT 
LLC 
9c 
Unrocapturod section 1250 gain 
to 
Net section 1231 gain 110551 
us 
Tax.exanal income and 
nradroxtise overate 
Other WOMB 00381 
C *
107 
G 
X 
Cenral partner or LLC 
K 
United partner or other LLC 
meaborManeiper 
member 
H ID 
Omuta 
K 
Poiegn 
partrrta 
partner 
H Wel bee 01 trot' IS This woe.? 
Partnership 
Drsinct.ten: 
II Ins wince Is a reuernerrt plan (11i/bSEPK0091191C). CI100 Wee 
u
179 do 
Semen 
slimen 
A 
35,800 
MOO Insrtuct1cns)  
J Partrees share of profit lora. and apial (sea insIncbans): 
B09inrWKI 
Ending 
031st daductbns 
Profit 
84.310000 
x 
82.610000 
- 
Other MI 
ban 
Loss 
0.000000 
t 
0.000000 
.,. 
CaeLl 
84.310000 
., 
82.610000 
- 
Y *
STMT 
K 
Penner% snare 01 MEOWS al year end 
Ibenreceurse 
S 
501-ernethYrnerb earnrIP tkes` 
Dubbed nonrecourse Summing 
S 
WOMB 
L Partners rand aseeunl analysis: 
'See attached statement for additional information. 
Elcumno Capital =Cure 
- 2,023 
Cattedl COMIOuleft donne the year 
Onent year increase (decree* 
- 107 
; 
' 1.13.0
a 
Withdrawals & didtbubans  
 $ ( 
35,800, 
'. 
,. 
nitro capital accourrt 
$ 
- 37,930 
. 
,1 h
i i
IN 
M 
X 
Od 0
Tat 09/103 
Other texplara 
on Darner CCIWOUN 
Yes 
II 'Yes. attach 
K 
X 
statement 
OAAP 
SOCItY1 704(b) book 
MINA, wen a bUlbM Skin 0f CM? 
No 
(see insbudions) 
e 
0CC 
a 
il. 
I 
#.5 
For Paperwork Reduction MI Notice. see Instructions for Form 1055. 
DM 
IRS.9003rM1065 
saws K-1 (Form 1065) 2012 
EFTA00593241
--- PAGE 8 ---
ANOLLC 06072013 224 PM 
K 
era K • 
anordai a• T 
OMB to 15450399 
Schedule K-1 
2012 
Part III 
Partner's Share of Current Year Income, 
(Form 1065) 
Deductions, Credits, and Other Items 
Department oe the Treasury 
For calendar year 2012. or tax 
Internal Revenue Sen•Ce 
year 11090n0:1 
Ordinary busnms 'recce its) 
-118,211 
IS 
Geed,: 
06(5100 
Net rental real rotate (COMO (IOSSI 
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
LI see back of form and separate instructions. 
Oft, rot metal income doss) 
IS 
roman earzaclons 
I Part II 
Information About the Partnership 
Guaranteed payments 
A P inershp's cfrvb)rt 4ertilcabzn rurnter 
45-1804323 
s 
totem, income 
B PartroesnOS Neat address. fly. Stale. and DP code 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
6a 
Ord nary dycknds 
IIIIIIII
M
M
IPI
II
I I0 
6b 
Oeellaci dxtlendr 
C IRS Center vitae partnership Ned ream 
Ogden, UT 
Aoyabes 
D 0 
Check d ale IS a puticR wooed Parewelvo IPTP) 
Net ShOrt-Serrn Cap99 gan 1109s) 
I Part III Information About the Partner 
9a 
Net lore-term espial gait lloss) 
IT 
Alterative mitimum tax (NAT) dams 
E PrIners pesnilyna matter 
A 
20-4637772 
Stp 
Colecdpbs '28%) gen doss) 
F Palm's ram*. address. cky. Hate. and DP code 
ZASIS, LLC 
Sc 
Unrocaptured section 1250 gain 
Net section 1231 gain OM 
IS 
Tax.exanal income and 
nonclectxtiple experees 
LAKE MARY 
FL 32795 
Cther MCCM9 00SSI 
C *
G K 
General partner or LLC 
X 
United partner or other LLC 
merrbernlane0el 
member 
N ID 
comesic 
K 
FOrOgn 
PareW 
Ramer 
VrTel type or entity as MIS COMM/ 
Partnership 
Ds-motions 
/2 II SYS realer IS a relleMere elan (IR&SEREsOareek). check bete 
Semen IT9 *dnon 
(See InStrUCOPIS) 
 u
J Padre's share of profit. leas. and capbil (see insInctians): 
Beginnrg 
Ending 
Qher deductions 
PrOtt 
15. 690000 x 
9.710000 “. 
MC/ inlrmaban 
Loss 
100.000000 % 
53.549000... 
Caned 
15.690000 , 
9.710000.. 
Y* 
STMT 
K Pannell Plan) 01 Mimes al year end'. 
Nanreccurse  
S 
uit-erevayreer4 MOW% lIC90l 
Welded nonrecourse *Fencing  
S 
Recourse 
 s 
19,230 
L Parhers captal anent analy9s: 
'See attached statement for additional information. 
sewn® capital harm  
 s 
58,154 
Captel COMIOuled dun® Me year 
 $ 
80,000 
Current year in:tease (decrease) 
 s 
-118
, 224
VAIN:Meals a distiputens 
S ( 
I 
2. 
End® capnal accobn: 
 s 
19,930 
I 
. 
I 
l 
i 1
M 
X 
Dd 0
Tar base 
Other (expbn) 
the partner cateThe 
Yes 
II 'Yes' attach 
K 
progeny 
X 
:women, 
°AAP 
Settee, 704(b) bock 
%ad', a bulbul ORR& Inn 
No 
(see inskococnb 
0CC 
u. 
.•I 
For PapilIVICA Reducuon Act N011ee. see Instructions for Form 1065. 
DAA 
IRS409SerM1065 
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 2012 
EFTA00593242
--- PAGE 9 ---
AKOLLG 011372013 224 PM 
K 
rv, 
I
, K 1 
K Arlifirded K.I 
Dela Ma 15150799 
Schedule K-1 
2012 
Part Ill 
Partner's Share of Current Year Income, 
(Form 1065) 
Deductions, Credits, and Other Items 
Department ce the Treasury 
For calendar yeas 2012. or tax 
Internal Revenue Sen•CO 
yeft 11090thrd 
Ordnary bum= income (oss) 
—71,901 
Cat 
06(P0 
NCI rental real estate noon* POW 
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
Li see back of form and separate instructions. 
Ott*, not rata' moony (loss) 
IS 
rarer. tramaclons 
Part I 
Information About the Partnership 
Guarareced payments 
A 
P inerstids *mob'', dertrIceopn mentor 
45-1804323 
htereSt income 
B PartreeStOli MOW O&M. Clay. Stage. and DP COCIO 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
6a 
Ordnary dytids 
IIIIIIII
IIIIII0 
6b 
Oualliod detlmds 
C IRS Conk( whoa partnership tied nem 
Ogden, UT 
Royabes 
D 9 
Cheek II 7.6 is a putflo0 ba000Park.(100 IPTP) 
Net ShOrlderrn Gaped gan POO 
Part lli 
Information About the Partner 
Net landterm capital gen llossl 
IT 
Manatee mitiniuM MX (NAT) items 
E 
Partners identryna mariper 
A 
59-1746396 
9b 
Colecbbbs '28%) gen doss) 
F 
Partners name. aMress. cey. VA*. and 2LIP code 
LIFE EXTENSION FOUNDATION, 
INC. 
Sc 
Unrocaptured section 1250 gain 
No section 1231 gain Poen 
IS 
Taxexanal income and 
rencleobkliko experces 
FORT LAUDERDALE 
FL 33309 
Gther OM* SOSSI 
C *
G 9 
General partner or LLD 
X 
Owned partner or other LLC 
morrbomaPaSef 
member 
N li 
DornOSIC 
K 
FaeCin 
I 
Partrite 
partner 
II until typo of entity of Me Wren 
Exempt Organization 
Dsinst.ban: 
U 
II INS plainer IS a retremerk elan tinnSFP,I(e00600). Check Ise 
ID 
Semen 179 do:1nm 
Mee InSINCOCON 
J 
Parber's share of prc6I. loss. and capial (see instructions): 
IMIOnniKI 
Ending 
(tier deductions 
Prof, 
% 
1.920000 - 
Oder inlomwban 
Loss 
'4 
37.762600 ,. 
Capes 
% 
1. 920000 “ 
K 
Palmer's snare of lateen al year end 
Mann:course  
S 
SOI.MOKIYMere earrmin (Ws! 
Cludiled nonrecourse framing 
S 
Recourse 
 s 
13,561 
L 
Partners capita asccunl analysis: 
'See attached statement for additional information. 
Eleponne espial account  
S 
Capra' COM100100 donna the yeal 
 s 
97,426 
Current year increase (decrease) 
 S 
—71,903 
I • 
r
on 
VAllaarals & drolsotons 
S ( 
i 
2. 
1%).
Pip 1 
t.1 .11/l 
it 
Endn2 Capital &novo 
 s 
25,523 8 
4, it 
I 
tit, 
t 
• 
III
Im 
X 
Dd 0
Tar Nee 
Other (expbn) 
tie panne. wan* 
Yes 
II 'Yes' attach 
K 
properly 
X 
:woman, 
(OAP 
Soon 7044b) bon 
path a OuNn earn or OW 
No 
(see instructions) 
ce 
LL
i 
A 
i 
of 
. 
pa
i 
For Paperwork ReducUon Act N011ee. see InshuctIone for Form 1065. 
DAA 
IRS.00xSarn11065 
&NOM K-I (Form 1065) 2012 
EFTA00593243
--- PAGE 10 ---
ANDLLC 0607.2013 324 PM 
, 
, 
Cale No. I545.0355 
Schedule K-1 
2012 
Part III 
Partner's Share of Current Year Income, 
(Form 1065) 
Deductions, Credits, and Other Items 
Department cr me Tecamny 
For calendar year 2012. Cr :Ix 
Internal Revenue SerrCe 
year begammO 
admary bezn= axone (Ws) 
—10,742 
I 5 
Credts 
wain 
Net feel& real estate (woe Neel 
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
II See back of form and separate instructions. 
Othal rot mead Irmorro (loss) 
IS 
Foregn baimaclons 
Part I I 
Information About the Partnership 
Guaranteed payments 
A Partnenhes cermbyer demblcalron rumba' 
45-1804323 
WNW income 
Partrresne's name. acrIM8S. Cry' PPM and DP code 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
6a 
Crdnary dycknds 
AVENTU 
6b 
Duelled dxtlendr 
C IRS Cereer wept ocrtrarshe Ned nom 
O den, UT 
Rayabes 
D EI Check OM*, Is a WON& seas Pennwalt IPIP) 
Net 8nOrleerrn Caeca gan OM) 
I Part III Information About the Partner 
sa 
Net loneferrn Capial gain rlossl 
AternEdve MiriMuM lax (NAT) darn 
E Partners ickvellyng minter 
A 
Applied For 
9b 
Collecbbbs '28%) gen doss) 
F Partners melt =then. cry. slam. and 2P cc* 
GEOFFREY 
SHMIGELSKY 
9c 
Jima-raptured section 1250 gain 
Net How 1231 gain 110681 
IS 
1m/exempt income and 
rzedeclmtiale expenses 
VANCOUVER 
BC V6B E2E 
ii 
Claw InCeM9 Neel 
C* 
G EI General partner or LLC 
X 
Larded pater of Ogle. LLC 
coorbor-maneed 
member 
H D DOMOSIC 
:5 1_ 
, orEir 
padre 
Plots 
YAW Tye. 01 entree altars partner? 
Individual 
Daeituton: 
It II INS partners a reoternerg Plan IMAraER'Kealirrelal. fled' rare 
Semen 179 dedeoron 
Nee IMMACtlene)  
J Partners share of proil. loss. and opted (see instruction* 
Erman* 
Callan deductions
80619. 11 
Prou 
3.840000 . 
Otter inlamalen 
Loss 
% 
5.810100 -. 
Caned 
% 
3.840000 - 
K Pertnete Owe 01 gadflies al Air end. 
elanrcoanse  
SErt-ernPraYmer4 0(001339 Ilw$) 
Wailed nanrecourse *naming  
ReCOuNe 
2,086 
L Partners reed =cunt analysis: 
'See attached statement for additional information. 
Boom® espial =cum  
Gaeta' combined clone ele year 
14,990 
Current year incase (decrease) 
-10,746 
A di
YAlhatawals 
rsbutons  
( 
I 
,.• 
cf.; :4 Bori4phil 
IWO COSH 84Crear. 
$ 
4,244 
rim 
rr: 
fm: 
X 
(ad 9
Tar base 
Other (expbh) 
the Darner WOWS 
Yes 
II 'Yes? attach 
K 
X 
etabinent 
GAAP 
semyt 704(b) 00C45 
PrOPertY wthabufbin Dam Ce We 
No 
(see instil-06km) 
IS 
u. 
TI r tk , 4a,ki 
For Paperwork Reduction Acl Nettie. see InstnictIons tor Form 1069 
DAA 
IRSCpCme3rM1065 
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 2012 
EFTA00593244
--- PAGE 11 ---
ANOLLC 08072013 224 PM 
K 
Fro, R 1 
K 
Amerd.)) K.I 
OMB NV 1545.0)99 
Schedule K-1 
2012 
Part Ill 
Partner 's Share of Current Year Income, 
(Form 1065) 
Deductions, 
Credits, and Other Items 
Department et the Treasury 
For cderdar year 2012. or tax 
Internal Revenue SSW° 
year be(nnr13 
Ordinary been= income its) 
-4,259 
Cat 
wane 
Nei rental real estate (Keene Coed 
Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
u see back of lone and separate instructions. 
04)111 not metal nerd* (loss) 
IS 
Forcer trarbaclons 
I Part II 
Information 
About the Partnership 
Guararteod payments 
A 
P inerstip's cfrebyer dertilcaben nyrnta 
45-1804323 
lamer *ACM. 
a Partreesnpb name. address. Cty. StMO. and DP Cede 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
6a 
Cednary dyckn(ds 
IIIIII
M
M
IF
IR
I I 0
Ouallad d 
ds 
C IRS Center %dere partrershp lied rerun 
Ogden, UT 
boyabes 
D 
Che0t d Ms is a pottery ba000 PannINO 1PTP) 
Net Sterbeerrn Caeca Pan 1109$) 
I Part III 
Information 
About the Partner 
Se 
Net lonsyterrn capital gab Ilessl 
IT 
AtkMalve reflreuM lax iiknITI dens 
E Prince's pee-Myna nwreer 
A 
116-40-7597 
Cdtebbbs '28%) gait doss) 
F Palm: ram*. address. ccy. oaf*. and ZIP cede 
JIM GIBBONS 
Se 
Unrocaplurod section 1250 gain 
o 
Net secten 1231 Wiln 1106/1 
IS 
Taxexanal income and 
needecletialo expemes 
OLYMPIA 
WA 98516 
Cther WOMB NMI 
C* 
G K 
General partner or LLC 
X 
Lmled partner' or other LLC 
merrixibrilline0er 
mobber 
H ID 
DOMOSIC 
K 
Feregn 
pa0X4 
partner 
YAM lope 01 entity al Ids bodnir? 
Individual 
Csvithdan: 
/2 
II Su ;eras is a roltemere plan (IFINSEP4400011`01C I. C110Ch 11(40 
Soden 179 doireice 
Mee IMMAJCSCOS)  
J 
Parker's share of pro% loss. ard odd/ (see instructions): 
SeSinnigl 
Ending 
Met deductions 
Protil 
% 
1.920000 . 
Other inlalmaban 
Loss 
% 
2.878300 z 
Caned 
% 
1. 920000 - 
K 
Pedner'S SAM 01 gadflies Si year Ord 
Manrecouse  
S 
Ser(olcioymere &Imre:, ilinst 
Curdled nareecourse dancing  
S 
ReCOunte 
 $ 
1, 034 
L 
Partners captd asccunt analysis: 
'See attached statement for additional information. 
Elepnrog capital aCCCuM  
 $ 
Capital COrdltruled doting MO year 
 s 
7,426 
0Jrrent year ireroase (decrease) 
 $ 
—4,261 
. 
• 
fr
VAlhatayeals & distbutons 
S ( 
I 
2' 
. 
ill 
II 
min) capital &cow 
 $ 
3,165 8
ki 
X 
DO 
Tar begs 
Other (expbri) 
the tar 
wind 
Yes 
If 'Yes' attach 
K 
l0 
X 
statement 
GAAP 
ID 
Secito 7040) bock 
depenienn a Wiwi On llel:697
No 
(see instrudicre) 
. . 
0CC 
u. 
FOr PeperwOrk Reduction Act NOM& see InStruCtionS tor Form 1056 
DAA 
IRS.0003rM1065 
Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) 2012 
EFTA00593245
--- PAGE 12 ---
MOLLC 06072013 324 PM 
F. 4562 
Dcparencrt el ee Treast.ry 
Internal Rfterga Servce 
139) 
ftmcisRliom on rehon 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
Depreciation and Amortization 
(Including Information on Listed Property) 
u See separate Instructions. 
u Attach to your tax return 
0/.4B No. 16454172 
2012 
tli=1",:mm 
179 
idenfifyiN number 
45-1804323 
terms or acthqy le 'Mich the lorm relates 
Regular Depreciation 
Part I 
Election To Expense Certain Property Under Section 179 
Note: If you have any listed property. complete Part V before you complete Part I. 
Maximum amount (see instructions) 
Total cost of section 179 properly placed in service (see instructions)  
Threshold cost of section 179 property before reduction in limitation (see instructions) 
Reduction in limitation. Subtract line 3 from line 2. N zero or less. enter .0.  
Dollar Imitation for lax year. Subtract ire 4 from foe 1. N zero er less. enter 
N married Nine separatehr. see instructions  
(a) pesciimbri of Point/ 
(b) Cosi tbusness use only) 
(c) Elet-led coal 
500,000 
2,000,000 
Listed property. Enter the amount from line 29 
Total elected cost of section 179 property. Add amounts in column (c), lines 6 and 7 
Tentative deduction. Enter the smaller of line 5 or line 8  
Carryover of disallowed deduction from line 13 of your 2011 Form 4562 
Business income limitation. Enter the smaler of business income (not less than zero) or line 5 (see instructions) 
Section 179 expense deduction. Add lines 9 and 10. but do not enter more than line 11 .. . . . . 
Carryover of disallowed deduction to 2013. Add lines 9 and 10. less line 12  
► 
Note: Do not use Pail II or Part III below for listed property. Instead. use Part V. 
 I 7
Part II 
Special Depreciation Allowance and Other Depreciation (Do not include listed property.) (See instructions) 
Special depredation allowance for guabfied property (other than fisted properly) placed in service 
during the tax year (see instructions)  
Property subject to section 168)(1) election  
Other depreciation (including ACRS)  
1,258 
Part III 
MACRS Depreciation (Do not include listed property.) (See instructions.) 
Section A 
MACRS deductions for assets placed in service in tax years beginning before 2012  
I 
II you are electMg to group any assets ptaced in service during the tax year rib one or mote geroral asset =cults. check Imo  
Section B—Assets Placed in Service During 2012 Tax Year Using the General Depreciation System 
(,) Ctaidilailka Or POPerti 
MilgoiriaW yep 
OKK4 M 
arvce 
M Beals ler dCONON4I 
02w mminueslmeM we 
ody-meeishwWnl 
Id/ Rome., 
proo4 
(0) COM:411:0 
M PhYMO 
(9) DepooMm deduction 
19a 
lyear property 
b 
5-year property 
1,258 
5.0 
MQ 
200DB 
135 
c 
7.year property 
d 10.year property 
e 15.year property 
f 
20-year property 
g 25.Year property 
yrs. 
SA_ 
h Residential rental 
property 
27.5 yrs. 
MM 
SA_ 
27.5 yrs. 
MM 
SA_ 
I 
Nonresidential real 
property 
yrs. 
MM 
SA_ 
MM 
St 
Section C—Assets Placed in Service During 2012 Tax Year Using the Alternative Depreciation System 
20a 
Class life 
St 
b 12.year 
yrs. 
St 
c 40.year 
yrs. 
MM 
St 
Part IV 
Summary (See instructions.) 
Listed property. Enter amount from line 28 
Total. Add amounts from line 12. lines 14 through 17. Ines 19 and 20 in column (9). and tine 21. Enter here 
and on the appropriate Ines of your retum. Partnerships and S corporations—see instructions 
For assets shown above and placed in service during the current year. enter the 
portion of the basis attributable to section 263A costs  
495 
1,888 
For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see separate instructions. 
DM 
Form 4562 I.ttl2. 
EFTA00593246
--- PAGE 13 ---
MELLO C807(2013 324 PM 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
Form 4562 (20121 
45-1804323 
page 2 
Part V 
Listed Property (Include automobiles, certain other vehicles, certain computers. and property used for 
entertainment, recreation, or amusement.) 
Note: For any vehicle for which you are using the standard mileage rate or deducting tease expense. complete only 24a. 
24b. columns (a) through (c) of Section A. all of Section B. and Section C if applicable. 
SectionA--Depreciation and Other Information (Caution: See the instructions for limits for passenger automobiles.) 
24a 
Do yet nave Selena, to sweat the buorossInvestmert use clamed? 
n Yes n No 
24b If 'Yes: is the evidence written? 
—1 Yes 
n No 
(a) 
TWO 0? Incerf)/ 
fsi vehas Ng, 
(b) 
Oath 0000 
In service 
(c) 
Ousthess' 
investment use 
Fatentage 
(0) 
Cost ix other base 
(0) 
liksila Ia ($00reoatlan 
tbusneseirmastment 
use °fly) 
0) 
NCO'S'? 
MVO 
Ica 
IA0:630,
Convent(On 
IN 
cierreoidon 
cleducton 
(I) 
Sens semen 179 
0061 
Special depreciation allowance for qualified Isted property placed in service during 
the tax year and used more than 50% in a qualified business use (see instructions) 
Probonv used more than 50% in a 
alified business use: 
2004 FORD EXPLORER 
12/27/12 100.00. 
9,896 
9,896 5.0 200DBMQ 
495 
. 
Property used 50% or less in a qualified business use: 
Add amounts in column (h) lines 25 through 27. Enter here and on line 21, papa 1 
Add amounts in column (I). line 26. Enter here and on line 7. page 
Section B—Informadon on Use of Vehicles 
Complete this section for vehicles used by a sole proprietor. partner. or other "more than 5% owner." or related person. II you provided vehicles 
to your employees. first answer Erie questions in becuon u to see it you meet an exception to completing Ems section tor arose venoms. 
Total business/investment miles driven during 
the year (do not include commuting mites) 
Total commuting miles driven during the year 
Total other personal (noncommuting) 
miles driven  
Total miles driven during the year. Add 
lines 30 through 32  
Was the vehicle available for personal 
use during ofkluty hours?  
Was the vehicle used primarily by a more 
than 5% owner or related person?  
Is another vehicle available for personal use?  
(a) 
Veneto 1 
lb) 
I 
Weide 2 
(c) 
Vehcle 3 
Id) 
Vehicle 4 
(a) 
While 5 
(f) 
Wilde 6 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Section C—Questions for Employers Who Provide Vehicles for Use by Their Employees 
Answer these questions to determine if you meet an exception to comp ono Section B for vehicles used by emp oyees who are not 
more than 5% owners or related persons (see instructions). 
Do you maintain a written policy statement that prohibits all personal use of vehicles. including commuting, by 
your employees?  
Do you maintain a written policy statement that prohibits personal use of vehicles, except commuting, by your 
employees? See the instructions for vehicles used by corporate officers, drectors, or 1% or more owners 
Do you treat al use of vehicles by employees as personal use?  
Do you provide more than five vehicles to your employees. obtain information from your employees about the 
use of the vehicles, and retain the information received? 
Do you meet the requirements concerning quaffed automobile demonstration use? (See instructions.) 
•
.
•
Note: If yOur answer to 37.38. 39. 40. or 41 is -Yes." do not complete Section B for the covered vehicles. 
Yes 
No 
Part VI 
Amortization 
(b) 
(c) 
WI 
(0 
Arneelizatlen 
if) 
(a) 
Doscreoen ci costs 
Date arreehisoon 
peons 
Amer.:table amcut 
Code soden 
Period a
Pacemage 
Amonzalian kg INs year 
Amortization of costs that begins during your 2012 tax year (see instructions): 
Amortization of costs that began before your 2012 tax year 
Total. Add amounts in column (I). See the instructions for where to report  
2,192 
2,192 
DM 
4562 _rir, 
EFTA00593247
--- PAGE 14 ---
ANDLLC ANDROCYTE LLC 
45-1804323 
FYE: 12/31/2012 
Federal Statements 
817/2013 3:24 PM 
Statement 1 - Form 1065. Page 1. Line 20 - Other Deductions 
Description 
Amount 
ADVERTISING 
$ 
301 
AUTO EXPENSE 
7,560 
BANK FEES 
340 
COMPUTER & INTERNET 
972 
FERRY/SHIP 
312 
MANAGEMENT FEES 
102,000 
MISCELLANEOUS EXPENSE 
231 
OFFICE EXPENSE 
2,585 
PARKING & TOLLS 
1,183 
POSTAGE & DELIVERY 
1,551 
PROFESSIONAL FEES 
53,799 
REIMBURSEMENTS 
3,126 
SUPPLIES 
473 
TRAVEL 
23,700 
Meals and Entertain (50%) 
129 
Amortization 
2,192 
Total 
$ 
200,454 
EFTA00593248
--- PAGE 15 ---
ANDLLC ANDROCYTE LLC 
45-1804323 
FYE: 12/31/2012 
Federal Statements 
817/2013 3:24 PM 
Statement 2 - Form 1065. Schedule K. Line 18c - Nondeductible Expenses 
Description 
Amount 
Nondeductible Meals and Entertainment 
$ 
128 
Total 
$ 
128 
EFTA00593249
--- PAGE 16 ---
Description
DUE TO J CLEMENT 
DUE TO P MACKEY 
ANDLLC ANDROCYTE LLC 
45-1804323 
FYE: 12/31/2012 
Federal Statements 
817/2013 3:24 PM 
Statement 3 - Form 1065. Schedule L. Line 20 - Other Liabilities 
Beginning 
End 
of Year 
of Year 
$ 
$ 
25,608 
10,303 
Total 
$ 
35,911 
EFTA00593250
--- PAGE 17 ---
ANDLLC ANDROCYTE LLC 
45-1804323 
FYE: 12/31/2012 
Federal Statements 
ANDROCYTE MANAGEMENT LLC 
45-2038037 
817/2013 3:24 PM 
Schedule K-1. Line 18 - Tax-Exempt Income and Nondeductible Expenses 
Code 
Description 
Amount 
C 
Nondeductible Meals and Entertainment 
$ 
107 
Schedule K-1, Line 20Y - Additional Supplemental Information 
Description 
Additional Alternative Minimum Tax Information: 
AMT Total Depreciation 
ACE Post-1993 Property Depreciation 
1,468 
1,468 
Distribution in Excess of Partner Basis 
35,800 
EFTA00593251
--- PAGE 18 ---
ANDLLC ANDROCYTE LLC 
45-1804323 
FYE: 12/31/2012 
Federal Statements 
ZASIS, LLC 
20-4637772 
817/2013 3:24 PM 
Schedule K-1. Line 18 - Tax-Exempt Income and Nondeductible Expenses 
Code 
Description 
Amount 
C 
Nondeductible Meals and Entertainment 
S 
Schedule K-1, Line 20Y - Additional Supplemental Information 
Description 
Additional Alternative Minimum Tax Information: 
AMT Total Depreciation 
ACE Post-1993 Property Depreciation 
180 
180 
EFTA00593252
--- PAGE 19 ---
ANDLLC ANDROCYTE LLC 
45-1804323 
Federal Statements 
FYE: 12/31/2012 
LIFE EXTENSION FOUNDATION, INC. 
59-1746396 
8/7/2013 3:24 PM 
Schedule K-1, Line 18 - Tax-Exempt Income and Nondeductible Expense8 
Code 
Description 
Amount 
C 
Nondeductible Meals and Entertainment 
$ 
EFTA00593253
--- PAGE 20 ---
ANDLLC ANDROCYTE LLC 
45-1804323 
FYE: 12/31/2012 
Federal Statements 
GEOFFREY SHMIGELSKY 
Applied For 
8/7/2013 3:24 PM 
Schedule K-1, Line 18 - Tax-Exempt Income and Nondeductible Expenses 
Code 
Description 
Amount 
C 
Nondeductible Meals and Entertainment 
$ 
EFTA00593254
--- PAGE 21 ---
ANDLLC ANDROCYTE LLC 
45-1804323 
FYE: 12/31/2012 
Federal Statements 
JIM GIBBONS 
116-40-7597 
8/7/2013 3:24 PM 
Schedule K-1, Line 18 - Tax-Exempt Income and Nondeductible Expenses 
Code 
Description 
Amount 
C 
Nondeductible Meals and Entertainment 
$ 
EFTA00593255
--- PAGE 22 ---
MOLLC 0607(2013 1St PM 
Schedule 
Analysis of Partner's K-1, Current Year Increase (Decrease) Worksheet 
14:-1 I 
2012 
for calendar year 2012 or tax year beginning 
and ending 
Partnership Name 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
Employer Identification Number 
45-1804323 
Partners Name 
ANDROCYTE MANAGEMENT LLC 
Taxpayer Identification Number 
45-2038037 
Items Included In Current Year Increase (Decrease): 
Schedule M-1 Subtractions: 
Meals and Entertainment 
107 
Subtotal 
107 
Total per Schedule K-1, Current Year Increase (Decrease) 
-107 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00593256
--- PAGE 23 ---
MOLLC 011072013 324 PM 
Schedule 
Analysis of Partner's KA, Current Year Increase (Decrease) Worksheet 
Ic1 I 
2012 
for calendar year 2012 or tax year beginnog 
and ending 
Partnership Name 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
Empoyer Identification Number 
45-1804323 
Partners Name 
ZASIS, LLC 
Taxpayer Identification Number 
20-4637772 
Items Included in Current Year Increase (Decrease): 
Schedule K Additions: 
Ordinary Income/Loss 
-118,211 
Subtotal 
-118,211 
Schedule M-1 Subtractions: 
Meals and Entertainment 
Subtotal 
Total per Schedule K-1, Current Year Increase (Decrease) 
-118,224 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00593257
--- PAGE 24 ---
MOLLC 0607(2013 124 PM 
Schedule 
Analysis of Partner's K-1, Current Year Increase (Decrease) Worksheet 
K-1 I 
2012 
For calendar year 2012 or tax year begiming 
and ending 
Partnership Name 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
Empoyer Identification Number 
45-1804323 
Partner's Name 
LIFE EXTENSION FOUNDATION, INC. 
Taxpayer Identification Number 
59-1746396 
Items Included In Current Year Increase (Decrease): 
Schedule K Additions: 
Ordinary Income/Loss 
-71,901 
Subtotal 
-71,901 
Schedule M-1 Subtractions: 
Meals and Entertainment 
Subtotal 
Total per Schedule K-1, Current Year Increase (Decrease) 
-71,903 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00593258
--- PAGE 25 ---
MOLLC 0607(2013 124 PM 
Schedule 
Analysis of Partner's K-1, Current Year Increase (Decrease) Worksheet 
14:-1 I 
2012 
for calendar year 2012 or tax year beginning 
and ending 
Partnership Name 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
Empoyer Identification Number 
45-1804323 
Partners Name 
GEOFFREY SHMIGELSKY 
Items Included in Current Year Increase (Decrease): 
Schedule K Additions: 
Ordinary Income/Loss 
Taxpayer Identification Number 
Applied For 
-10,742 
Subtotal 
-10,742 
Schedule M-1 Subtractions: 
Meals and Entertainment 
Subtotal 
Total per Schedule K-1, Current Year Increase (Decrease) 
-10,746 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00593259
--- PAGE 26 ---
MOLLC 011072013 324 PM 
Schedule 
Analysis of Partner's K-1, Current Year Increase (Decrease) Worksheet 
Ic1 I 
2012 
for calendar year 2012 or tax year beginning 
and ending 
Partnership Name 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
Employer Identification Number 
45-1804323 
Partner's Name 
JIM GIBBONS 
Taxpayer Identification Number 
116-40-7597 
hems Included in Current Year Increase (Decrease): 
Schedule K Additions: 
Ordinary Income/Loss 
-4,259 
Subtotal 
-4,259 
Schedule M-1 Subtractions: 
Meals and Entertainment 
Subtotal 
Total per Schedule K-1, Current Year Increase (Decrease) 
-4,261 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA00593260
--- PAGE 27 ---
MOLLC 06072013 324 PM 
schedule K-1 
Partner's Basis Worksheet, Page 1 
2012 
For calendar year 2012. or tax year beginning 
and ending 
Partnership Name 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
Partners Name 
ANDROCYTE MANAGEMENT LLC 
Employer Identification Number 
45-1804323 
Taxpayer Identification Number 
45-2038037 
Beginning of year 
Increases: 
Capital contributions:  
Cash 
Property (adjusted basis) 
'Excess' depletion  
Income items: 
Ordinary Income 
Other increases: 
Net income from rental real estate activates 
Net income from other rental activities 
Interest 
Dividends 
Royalties 
Net shon•term capital gain 
Net long-term capital gain 
Other portfolio income 
Net gain under section 1231 
Other income  
Tax•exempi interest and other income 
Transfer of capital 
Gain (loss) on disposition of section 179 assets 
Distributions: 
Cash 
35,800 
Property (adjusted basis) 
35,800 
Increase (decrease) in share of partnership liabilities 
PN 
Subtotal 
CN 
Distribution in excess of partner basis 
Decreases: 
Noncap items: 
Loss items: 
Depletion 
Nondeductible expenses 
Charitable oontrbutions 
Foreign taxes 
Ordinary loss 
Net loss from rental real estate activities 
Net loss from other rental activities 
Royalties  
Net shore enn capital loss . 
Net longterm capital loss 
Other portfolio loss  
Net toss under section 1231  
Other losses 
Section 179 expense  
Deductions related to portfolio income 
Other deductions  
Interest expense on kwestment debts  
Section 59(0)(2) expendtures 
Other decreases: 
End of year 
—35,800 
35,800 
Note to partner: This worksheet was prepared based on partnership records. Please consult with your tax advisor for adjustments. 
EFTA00593261
--- PAGE 28 ---
MOLLC 01107f2013 324 PM 
Schedule 
K-1 
Partner's Basis Worksheet, Page 2 
For calendar year 2012 or tax year beginning 
and endi 
Partnership Name 
ANDROCYTE LW 
2012 
Employer Wen ification Number 
45-1804323 
Partners Name 
ANDROCYTE MANAGEMENT LLC 
Taxpayer Iden Station Number 
45-2038037 
Suspended 
Amount 
Current Year 
Total Loss 
Percent 
Allowed 
Loss 
Disallowed 
Loss 
Nondeductible noncapital exps: 
Nondeductble expenses 
Charitable contributions 
Foreign taxes 
Total nonded noncapital exps 
Losses and deductions: 
Ordinary loss 
Rental real estate loss 
Other rental activity loss 
Royalties 
Short-term capital loss 
Long-term capital loss 
Other portfolio loss 
Section 1231 loss 
Other losses 
Section 179 expense 
Portfolio income deductions 
Other deductions 
Investment debt interest 
Sect 59(e)(2) expenditures 
Depletion 
Total losses and deductions 
107 
107 100.00 
107 
107 
107 
107 
'Note to partner: This worksheet was prepared based on partnership records. Please consult with your tax advisor for adjustments. 
EFTA00593262
--- PAGE 29 ---
AKOLLC 011072013 324 PM 
schedule K-1 
Partner's Basis Worksheet, Page 1 
2012 
For calendar year 2012. or tax year beginning 
Partnership Name 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
Partners Name 
ZASIS , LLC 
and ending 
Employer Identification Number 
45-1804323 
Taxpayer Identification Number 
20-4637772 
Beginning of year 
Increases: 
Capital contributions:  
Cash
'Excess' depletion  
Income items: 
Ordinary Income 
Other increases: 
80,000 
Property (adjusted basis) 
Net income from rental real estate activities 
Net income from other rental activities 
Interest 
Dividends 
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain 
Net long-term capital gain 
Other portfolio income  
Net gain under section 1231 
Other income  
Tax•exempi interest and other income 
Transfer of capital 
Gain (loss) on disposition of section 179 assets 
Distributions: 
Cash 
Increase (decrease) in share of partnership liabilities  
PN
Subtotal 
Properly (adjusted basis) 
CA' 
58,154 
80,000 
19,230 
19,230 
Distribution in excess of partner basis 
Decreases: 
Noncap items: 
Nondeductible expenses 
Charitable oontri3ubons 
Foreign taxes  
Loss items: 
Ordinary loss 
Depletion 
Net loss from rental real estate acuvrties 
Net loss from other rental activities  
Royalties  
Net short-term capital loss 
Net long-term capital loss  
Other portfolio loss  
Net toss under section 1231 
Other losses 
Section 179 expense  
Deductions related to portfolio income 
Other deductions 
Interest expense on investment debts 
Section 59(0)(2) expendtures 
Other decreases: 
End of year 
118,211 
157,384 
118,211 
39,160 
Note to partner: This worksheet was prepared based on partnership records. Please consult with your tax advisor for adjustments. 
EFTA00593263
--- PAGE 30 ---
MOLLC 06072013 324 PM 
schedule K-1 
Partner's Basis Worksheet, Page 1 
2012 
For calendar year 2012. or tax year beginning 
and ending 
Partnership Name 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
Partners Name 
LIFE EXTENSION FOUNDATION, INC. 
Employer Identification Number 
45-1804323 
Taxpayer Identification Number 
59-1746396 
Beginning of year 
Increases: 
Capital contributions:  
Cash 
97,426 
Property (adjusted basis) 
97,426 
'Excess" depletion  
Income items: 
Ordinary Income 
Other increases: 
Net income from rental real estate activates 
Net income from other rental activities 
Interest 
Dividends 
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain 
Net long-term capital gain 
Other portfolio income  
Net gain under section 1231 
Other income  
Tax-exempt interest and other income 
Transfer of capital 
Gain (loss) on disposition of section 179 assets 
Distributions: 
Cash 
Increase (decrease) in share of partnership liabilities  
PIY
Subtotal 
Distribution in excess of partner basis 
Decreases: 
Noncap items: 
Properly (adjusted basis) 
CPI 
13,561 
13,561 
Nondeductible expenses 
Charitable oontrioubons 
Foreign taxes  
Loss items: 
Ordinary loss 
Depletion 
Net loss from rental real estate activities 
Net loss from other rental activities  
Royalties  
Net short-term capital loss 
Net long-term capital loss  
Other portfolio loss  
Net toss under section 1231 
Other losses 
Section 179 expense  
Deductions related to portfolio Income 
Other deductions 
Interest expense on investment debts 
Section 59(0(2) expendtures 
Other decreases: 
End of year 
71,901 
110,987 
71,901 
39,084 
Note to partner: This worksheet was prepared based on partnership records. Please consult with your tax advisor for adjustments. 
EFTA00593264
--- PAGE 31 ---
MOLLC 06072013 324 PM 
schedule K-1 
Partner's Basis Worksheet, Page 1 
2012 
For calendar year 2012. or tax year beginning 
and ending 
Partnership Name 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
Partners Name 
GEOFFREY SHMIGELSKY 
Employer Identification Number 
45-1804323 
Taxpayer Identification Number 
Applied For 
Beginning of year 
Increases: 
Capital contributions:  
Cash
'Excess" depletion  
14,990 
Property (adjusted basis) 
14,990 
Income items: 
Ordinary Income 
Other increases: 
Net income from rental real estate activities 
Net income from other rental activities  
Interest 
Dividends  
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain 
Net long-term capital gain 
Other portfolio income  
Net gain under section 1231 
Other income  
Tax•exempi interest and other income 
Transfer of capital  
Gain (loss) on disposition of section 179 assets 
Distributions: 
Cash 
Increase (decrease) in share of partnership liabilities  
PN
Property (adjusted basis) 
Cry 
2,086 
2,086 
Subtotal 
17,076 
Distribution in excess of partner basis 
Decreases: 
Noncap items: 
Nondeductible expenses , , , ,, , , , , , , , , , , , ,, , , , , , , , , , , , ,, , 
Charitable oontrioutions , , , ,, , , , , , , , , , , , ,, , , , , , , , , , , , ,, . 
Foreign taxes 
Loss items: 
Ordinary loss 
10,742 
Net loss from rental real estate activities , , , , , , , ,, , , , , , , , , , , , ,,  
Net loss from other rental activities , , , , , , , , , , ,, , , , , , , , , , , , ,, , 
Royalties  
Net short-term capital loss ,, , ,, , , , , , , , , , , , ,, , , , , , , , , , , , ,,  
Net long-term capital loss 
Other portfolio loss  
Net toss under section 1231  
Other losses 
Section 179 expense  
Deductions related to midi° income  
Other deductions  
Interest expense on investment debts  
Section 59(e)(2) expendtures 
Depletion 
Other decreases: 
End of year 
10,742 
6,330 
Note to partner: This worksheet was prepared based on partnership records. Please consult with your tax advisor for adjustments. 
EFTA00593265
--- PAGE 32 ---
MOLLC 06072013 324 PM 
schedule K-1 
Partner's Basis Worksheet, Page 1 
2012 
For calendar year 2012. or tax year beginning 
and ending 
Partnership Name 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
Partners Name 
JIM GIBBONS 
Employer Identification Number 
45-1804323 
Taxpayer Identification Number 
116-40-7597 
Beginning of year 
Increases: 
Capital contributions:  
Cash 
7,426 
Property (adjusted basis) 
7,426 
'Excess' depletion  
Income items: 
Ordinary Income 
Other increases: 
Net income from rental real estate acuviues 
Net income from other rental activities 
Interest 
Dividends 
Royalties 
Net short-term capital gain 
Net long-term capital gain 
Other portfolio income  
Net gain under section 1231 
Other income  
Tax•exempt interest and other income 
Transfer of capital  
Gain (loss) on disposition of section 179 assets 
Distributions: 
Cash 
Increase (decrease) in share of partnership liabilities  
PN
Properly (adjusted basis) 
CN 
1,034 
1,034 
Subtotal 
8,460 
Distribution in excess of partner basis 
Decreases: 
Noncap items: 
Nondeductible expenses , , , ,, , , , , , , , , , , , ,, , , , , , , , , , , , ,, , 
Charitable contributions , , , ,, , , , , , , , , , , , ,, , , , , , , , , , , , ,, . 
Foreign taxes 
Loss items: 
Ordinary loss 
4,259 
Net loss from rental real estate activities , , , , , , , ,, , , , , , , , , , , , ,,  
Net loss from other rental activities , , , , , , , , , , ,, , , , , , , , , , , , ,, , 
Royalties  
Net short-term capital loss ,, , ,, , , , , , , , , , , , ,, , , , , , , , , , , , ,,  
Net long-term capital loss 
Other portfolio loss  
Net toss under section 1231  
Other losses 
Section 179 expense  
Deductions related to poitoio Income 
Other deductions  
Interest expense on investment debts  
Section 59(e)(2) expenditures 
Depletion 
Other decreases: 
End of year 
4,259 
4,199 
Note to partner: This worksheet was prepared based on partnership records. Please consult with your tax advisor for adjustments. 
EFTA00593266
--- PAGE 33 ---
ANOLLC 06072013 3,21 PM 
Schedule K-1 Summary Worksheet 
1065 
2012 
For calendar year 2012. or tax year beginning 
. and ending 
Partnership Name 
Empoyer Identification Number 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
45-1804323 
Column A 
Column 8 
Column C 
Column D 
Partner Name 
ANDROCYTE MANAGEMENT LLC 
ZASIS, LLC 
LIFE EXTENSION FOUNDATION, INC. 
GEOFFREY SHMIGELSKY 
SSM EIN 
45-2038037 
20-4637772 
59-1746396 
Applied For 
Schedule K 
Items 
Ordinary income 
Net 'ncome•rent 
3c 
Net inc-oth rent 
Guaranteed pmts 
Interest Income 
6a 
Ordinary dividends 
6b 
Oval eividends 
Royalties 
Net ST capital gain 
9a 
Net LT capital gain 
9b 
Collectbles 28% gain 
9c 
Unrecap sec 1250 
Net sec 1231 gain 
Other Income 
Sec 179 deduction 
13a Contrbutions 
13b Invest interest exp 
13c Sec 59(e)(2) exp 
13d Other deductions 
14a Net SE earnings 
14b Gross farming inc 
14c Gross nonfarm ine 
15a Low-inc house 42j5 
15b Low-inc house other 
15c Ckialif rehab exp 
15d Rental RE credits 
15e Other rental credits 
151 Other credits 
16b Gross inc al src 
16c4 Tot foreign income 
16q-kTot foreign deds 
161•4nTotal foreign taxes 
17a Depr adjustment 
103 
17b Adj gain or loss 
17c Depletion 
17d Inc-oitgastgeoth 
lie Ded-ortrgasigeoth 
17f Other AMT items 
18a Tax-exempt int 
18b Other tax-exempt 
18c Nonded expense 
19a Cash disinbulions 
19b Property distributions 
20a Invest income 
Column A 
Column B 
Column C 
Column D 
—118,211 
-71,901 
Subtotal 
-10,742 
-200,854 
122 
107 
126 
35,800 
35,800 
20b Invest expense 
Page 1 of 2 
EFTA00593267
--- PAGE 34 ---
ANOLLC C6072013 124 PM 
Schedule K-1 Summary Worksheet 
Form 1065 
2012 
For calendar year 2012. or tax year beginning 
. and ending 
Partnership Name 
Employer Identification Number 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
45-1804323 
Column A 
Column B 
Column C 
Column D 
Partner Name 
SSNEIN 
JIM GIBBONS 
116-40-7597 
Schedule K 
Items 
Ordinary income 
Net income•rent 
3c 
Net inc-oth rent 
Guaranteed pmts 
Interest Income 
6a 
Ordinary dividends 
6b 
Ckial dividends 
Royalties 
Net ST capital gain 
9a 
Net LT capital gain 
9b 
Collecttles 28% gain 
9c 
Unrecap sec 1250 
Net sec 1231 gain 
Other income 
Sec 179 deduction 
13a Contri3utions 
1313 Invest interest exp 
13c Sec 59(e)(2) exp 
13d Other deductions 
14a Net SE earnings 
14b Gross farming inc 
14c Gross nonfarm ine 
15a Low-inc house 4215 
15b Low-inc house other 
15c Ckialif rehab exp 
15d Rental RE credits 
15e Other rental credits 
151 Other credits 
16b Gross inc al src 
16c-1 Tot foreign income 
16g-kTot foreign dads 
161-mTotal foreign taxes 
17a Depr adjustment 
17b AM gain or loss 
17c Depletion 
17d Incogrgasigeoth 
17e 00d-oil/gas/geed) 
17f Other AMT items 
18a Tax-exempt int 
18b Other tax-exempt 
18c Nonded expense 
19a Cash distributions 
19b Property distributions 
20a Invest income 
Column A 
Column B 
-4,259 
Column C 
Column D 
Sch K Total 
-205,113 
124 
128 
35,800 
20b Invest expense 
Page 2 of 2 
EFTA00593268
--- PAGE 35 ---
ANOr.LC 08 072313 324 pm 
Reconciliation of Partners' Basis Worksheet 
Form 1065 
For calendar year 2012, or tax year begrnilaul 
Partnership Name 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
2012 
EmpMyst identification Number 
45-1804323 
Partner 
Number 
Partner Name 
Beginning 
Basis 
Increases 
Distribution in 
Excess of Basis 
Allowed 
Decreases 
Ending 
Basis 
ANDROCYTE MANAGEMENT LLC 
—35,800 
35,800 
ZASIS, LLC 
58,154 
99,230 
118,224 
39,160 
LIFE EXTENSION FOUNDATION, INC. 
110,987 
71,903 
39,084 
GEOFFREY 
SHMIGELSKY 
17,076 
10,746 
6,330 
JIM GIBBONS 
8,460 
4,261 
4,199 
Taal this page 
58,154 
199,953 
35,800 
205,134 
88,773 
foal as pages 
58,154 
199,953 
35,800 
205,134 
88,773 
Page 
of 
EFTA00593269
--- PAGE 36 ---
ANMOO 0807,2013 3:24 
Form 1065 
Reconciliation of Partners' Capital Accounts Worksheet 
For calendar year 2012, or tax year beginning 
and ending 
2012 
Partnership Name 
ANDROCYTE LLC 
Employer Identification Number 
45-1804323 
Partner 
Beginning 
Capital 
Lines 3, 4. & 7 
Withdrawals & 
Ending 
Number 
Partner Name 
Capital 
Contributed 
Schedule M-2 
Distributions 
Capital 
ANDROCYTE MANAGEMENT LLC 
—2,023 
—107 
35,800 
—37,930 
ZASIS, LLC 
58,154 
80,000 
-118,224 
19,930 
LIFE EXTENSION FOUNDATION, INC. 
97,426 
-71,903 
25,523 
GEOFFREY SHMIGELSKY 
14,990 
-10,746 
4,244 
JIM GIBBONS 
7,426 
—4,261 
3,165 
Total this page 
56,131 
199,842 
—205,241 
35,800 
14,932 
Total all pages 
56,131 
199,842 
—205,241 
35,800 
14,932 
Page 1 
of 
EFTA00593270
--- PAGE 37 ---
ANDLLC ANDROCYTE LLC 
45-1804323 
FYE: 12/31/2012 
Federal Asset Report 
Form 1065, Page 1 
08/07/2013 3:24 PM 
Date 
Asset 
Description 
In Service 
Cost 
Bus Sec 
% 179 Bonus 
Basis 
for Depr 
PerConv Meth 
Prior 
Current 
5-year GDS Property: 
TRAILER 
9/12/12 
1.422 
X 
711 
MQ200DB 
818 
LAPTOP 
10/04/12 
1.094 
X 
547 
MQ200DB 
575 
2.516 
1.258 
1.393 
Listed Property: 
I 
2004 FORD EXPLORER 
12/27/12 
9.896 
9.896 
MQ200DB 
495 
9.896 
9.896 
495 
Amortization: 
DATA AND SAMPLES 
5/01/11 
32.880 
32.880 15 MOAmort 
2.192 
32.880 
32.880 
2.192 
Grand Totals 
45,292 
44,034 
4.080 
Leas: Dispositions and Transfers 
Less: Start-up/Org Expense 
Net Grand Totals 
45.292 
44.034 
4.080 
EFTA00593271
--- PAGE 38 ---
ANDLLC ANDROCYTE LLC 
45-1804323 
Bonus Depreciation Report 
FYE: 12/31/2012 
08/07/2013 3:24 PM 
Date In 
Tax 
Bus 
Tax Sec 
Current 
Prior 
Tax - Basis 
Asset  
Property Description 
 Service  
Cost 
 Pct  179 Exp 
Bonus 
Bonus 
for Depr 
Arthiv: Form 106; Page 1 
TRAILER 
9/12112 
1.422 
711 
711 
LAPTOP 
10/04/12 
1.094 
547 
547 
Form 1065. Page 1 
2.516 
1.258 
1.258 
Grand Total 
2.516 
1.258 
1.258 
EFTA00593272
--- PAGE 39 ---
ANDLLC ANDROCYTE LLC 
45-1804323 
FYE: 12/31/2012 
AMT Asset Report 
Form 1065, Page 1 
08/07/2013 3:24 PM 
Date 
Asset 
Description 
In Service 
Cost 
Bus Sec 
% 179 Bonus 
Basis 
for Depr 
PerConv Meth 
Prior 
Current 
5-year GUS Property: 
TRAILER 
9/12/12 
1.422 
X 
711 
MQ200DB 
818 
LAPTOP 
10/04/12 
1.094 
X 
547 
MQ200DB 
575 
2.516 
1.258 
() 
1.393 
Listed Property: 
I 
2004 FORD EXPLORER 
12/27/12 
9.896 
9.8% 
MQI50DB 
371 
9.896 
9.8% 
371 
Grand Totais 
12.412 
11.154 
1.7(4 
Lem: Dispositions and Transfers 
Net Grand Totals 
12.412 
1.154 
1.764 
EFTA00593273

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593274.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593274.pdf
----------------------------------------
Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A. 
Consolidated cash flow statement at 30 June 2014 
(in thousands of CHF) 
Consolidated net intorno 
30.0614 
31.12.13 
Saute drench 
4991kinnt el twilt 
Balance 
Source 0f tuna 
75523 
AMOCalian Of knee 
Selena 
32'453 
Depreoation of toad assets 
20225 
38'497 
Accrued income and prepaid expenses 
4126 
14'020 
Accrued expenses and deferred income 
24'144 
17780 
Valuation adjustments and provisions 
6347 
36103 
Reserve for general banking mks 
634 
26271 
Previous year's divdend 
56250 
56150 
Nel cash used inlorovided byoperating a:gybes (results of operations) 
53112 
89'867 
•36555 
168183 
95'541 
77642 
Share capital 
Addtional padin capital 
641 
Others variations resents and minority interests 
17105 
1'910 
Net cash used WI:provided by transactions involving shareholders' °quay 
17105 
•12'086 
7551 
•7551 
Non-canoidated 'lettings 
20S41 
4169 
Land and buidings 
308 
16618 
Other fixed assets 
11224 
26768 
Intangible assets 
181 
11563 
Exchange rate changes 
270 
992 
Nel cash used in/provided by transactions involving financol investments and fixed assets 
270 
37664 
•32184 
20787 
39'223 
•18'436 
Clams arcing from money market paper 
31'419 
101'080 
Liablities arising from money market paper 
2184 
7642 
Money market transactions 
31'419 
7984 
26435 
103722 
103722 
Due from banks 
897834 
7111721 
Due to banks 
206871 
10238 
Securities and precious metals trading portfolos 
5176 
1162 
Financial imestrnents 
46598 
376968 
Banking and trading activities 
1148184 
51376 
1144'128 
381/06 
7113283 •1737077 
Due from customers 
268173 
49151 
Mortgage bons 
27943 
21'258 
Savings and depose accounts 
250 
182 
Other amounts due toCosa:liner! 
289'045 
1164'479 
Mediu-it-tem bank bonds 
Transactions with customers 
580711 
-560711 
1164'479 
71'089 
1193190 
Other assets 
68520 
1'054 
Other totalities 
7583 
34'862 
Other balance sheet items 
68120 
7063 
61'437 
35116 
•35'016 
Cash and other liquid assets 
572184 
319226 
Liquid assets 
577264 
•577264 
319MIS 
319226 
Net cash used nfprovided by banking activities 
1249743 
1168718 
81525 
2168533 
7220288 
-51555 
Total cash Rows 
1'307344 
1103'344 
7357'603 
7357103 
05.09.2014 
EFTA00593274
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A. 
Cash flow statement at 30 June 2014 
(In thousands of CHF) 
Nel insane 
30.0614 
31.1213 
Sara 0 funds 
Applaten011unde 
Selena 
Sara of lora 
517650 
4401Calen of funds 
1394006 
58'999 
Depreciation of fried assets 
13243 
26656 
Accrued income and prepaid asperses 
6287 
892 
Accmed expenses and deferred income 
13104 
7392 
Valuation adjustments and PfOlitli0116 
a 
4'802 
35'098 
Reserve for general banking risks 
25828 
Previous yeses dividend 
56250 
56250 
Nal cash used introvided byoperating activities (results of operatons) 
72942 
81143 
-8201 
116688 
87078 
37810 
Share capital 
Adaional padm capital 
Modification of treasury stock 
420 
9225 
Other variation in reserves 
1128 
131813 
Net rash used inlbrovided by transactons involving shareholders' effigy 
1148 
1146 
17288 
fan 
xca 
Holdings 
16149 
2717 
Land and buldngs 
Olaf fixed assets 
7'333 
18358 
intangible assets 
2'287 
Net rash used nlbrovided by transactans involving financial investments and fixed assets 
26'369 
27087 
-27087 
Claims arising Iran money market paper 
32'315 
101133 
Latakia arising from money market paper 
187 
Money market transactions 
32160 
37380 
101133 
187 
100288 
Due from banks 
110'483 
479391 
Due to banks 
263'877 
300360 
Securities and precious rnelas tradng ponfolos 
1'931 
1'083 
Fin ancel investments 
21'692 
35T439 
Banking and trading activities 
395'832 
1131 
393901 
658112 
479191 
179491 
Due from rusirmers 
99238 
901338 
Mortgage bare 
22173 
21258 
Savings and depos6 accounts 
Other amounts due to customers 
41165 
196099 
hledartarnt bank ands 
Transactions with customers 
/1165 
121111 
40'046 
309393 
-3013193 
Other assets 
65208 
821 
Other Usages 
70'223 
1481 
Other balance sheet items 
65101 
70223 
-9415 
2'102 
•7102 
Cash and other liquid assets 
309076 
17434 
Liquid assets 
309'076 
-309276 
17434 
12'434 
Net cash used inbrovided by banlung snakes 
519185 
502'441 
32724 
777449 
788053 
•16804 
Taal cash Rows 
609'953 
609253 
901'423 
909423 
05.09.2014 
EFTA00593275

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593276.pdf
----------------------------------------
EDMOND 
DE ROTHSCHILD 
Situation au 30 juln 2014 
0—
Edmond de Rothschild 
Holding SA 
49% 
Rothschild Asset 
Edmond de 
Edmond de 
100% 
Rothschild Client 
Nominees (UK) Ltd. 
London 
N._ 
fi
Management 
Suilg./~1
11(00.,
1734% 
1734% 
100% 
gdmond de Rothschl 
Securities (UK) 
Limited, London 
Edmond de 
Rothschild 
(Lugano) SA, 
ifer
1/4. 
Lugano 
44% 
Edmond de Rothschild 
(Suisse) SA, Genève 
EdR Private 
sag 6244 
i 
Edmond de 
i 80% 
Merchant Banking 
„— Rothschild (UK) 
LLP. London 
20% 
f Edmond de 
Rothschild 
Services Ltd. 
London 
100% 
43% 
...Limited. London 
100% 
1\----99.99% 
---) 
LCH Investments 
Edmond de 
\cp 5% 
Rothschild Asset 
NV. Antilles 
neerlandaises 
0.5% 
10% 
Edmond de 
0.44% 
Rothschild 
, 
(France), Parts 
.1 41% 
EDRRIT Ltd, 
London 
Management (UK) 
Limited, London 
22.68% 
..01% 
10094 
Edmond de 
Rothschild 
(Europe), 
Luxe bourg 
_ 
(
Priadvisory Holding I
SA, Geneve 
100% 
L
Priglobal Advisory 
Ltd, Iles Caimans
Edmond 
de 
7.4 
 Rothschild Capital
(1 
99.99% 
I
-99 92% 
68% 
--,, 
(
LCF EdR Conseil SA. 
Luxembourg 
t 
0.01% 
0,08% 
( 
Edmond de Rothschild 
Asset Management 
,, 
(Luxembourg), 
Luxembourg 
0.37% 
(-
Edmond de Rothschild
Assurances et C01180118 
(Europe), Luxembourg 
(
LCF EdR Nikko Cordial 1 
Co Limited. Tokyo 
100% 
100% 
Holdings, London 
K 
9.92%  
E.C.H. Invesenents Ltd. 
100% 
10% 
Cayman islands 
ACH Managernialit t_____,
27% 
SA, Luxembourg 
2.5% 
14.75, ‘  
I . 3225%
K 
EdR Intl Fund Ltd, 
Bermuda 
31.25% 
2.25% 
225% 
‘it
\‘,....._151,‘ 
Banque de 
( 
Gestlon Edmond 
42.77% 
de Rothschild, 
992% 
Edmond de 
Rothschild Gastion 
(Monaco). Monaco 
Monaco 
(99 5% 
f Edmond de Rothschild 
Assurances et Conseils 
(Monaco). Monaco 
998% 
 /- 4 99% 
Priveco Family Office."
SA. 
Geneve 
 
K99 99% 
75% 
% 
Incentive 
Management SAM, 
Monaco 
Edmond de 
Rothschild 
(Bahamas) Ltd, 
Nassau 
K 
Copri Ill, 
Luxembourg 
Prifund Conseil. 
Luxembourg 
) 
) 
l00% r 
Prifund Conseil 
(Bahamas) SA, 
Nassau
Iberian Renewable 
Energie GP Sad. 
Luxembourg 
(
L'immobilière Baldauff 
SA. Luxembourg 
100%
 es Conseiiiers du Léman 
Associés, Genève 
"-Edmond de Rothschild 
Family Advisory (Hong 
100% `Kong) Ltd. Hong Kong 
EdR (C.I.)Ltd. 
Guernsey 
100% 
K
1CO% 
Compagnie Pnvee de 1 
 EdR Hold ngs 
100% 
nnence. Jersey J 
I 
Ltd, Guernsey 
1009 
(Edmond de Rothschild 
(Suisse) SA, 
Representación 
Uruguay, 
Montevideo 
Orox Asset 
Management SA, 
Geneve 
EdR Asset 
-) 
Management (C.I.) 
Ltd, Guernsey 
05/09/2014 
EFTA00593276

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593277.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593277.pdf
----------------------------------------
AGREEMENT AMONG PRINCIPALS 
dated as of 
July 13, 2007 
among 
•. 
I 
: 
EFTA00593277
--- PAGE 2 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly 
executed and delivered, all as of the date first set forth above. 
Leon D. Black 
Marc J. Rowan 
Jo 
J. Harris 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, L.P. 
By: Black Family GP, LW, 
its General Partner 
By. 
Leon D. Black 
Manager 
MJR FOUNDATION LLC 
By: 
Name: Marc J. Rowan 
Title: Manager 
BRA HOLDINGS, L.P. 
By: BRH Holdings GP, LTD. 
its General Partner 
By: 
Name: John J. Suydam 
Title: Vice President 
[Agrcanent Among Principals] 
EFTA00593278
--- PAGE 3 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly 
executed and delivered, all as of the date first set forth above. 
Leon D. Black 
Marc J. Rowan 
Joshua J. Harris 
BLACK FAMILY PARTNERS, L.P. 
By: Black Family GP, LW, 
its General Partner 
By: 
Leon D. Black 
Manager 
MIR FOUNDATION LLC 
By: 
Name: Marc J. Rowan 
Title: Manager 
BRH HOLDINGS, L.P. 
By: BRH Holdings GP, LTD. 
its General 
By. 
ohn J. uydam 
Title: Vice President 
[Agreement Among Principals] 
EFTA00593279
--- PAGE 4 ---
AP PROFESSIONAL HOLDINGS, L.P. 
By: 
BRH Holdings GP, Ltd., 
its General Partner 
By: 
Suyd 
Vice President 
[Agnxment Among Principals] 
EFTA00593280
--- PAGE 5 ---
SCHEDULE I 
Heritatie Funds' 
HERITAGE POINTS IN HERITAGE FUNDS 
Carry in Private 
Equity Funds 
LB Group 
MR Group 
JH Group 
Fund IV GP 
500.1260 
145.3782 
56.8771 
Fund V GP 
419.0998 
183.4736 
154.4105 
HERITAGE POINTS PERCENTAGES IN HERITAGE FUNDS 
Carry in Private 
Equity Funds 
LB Group 
MR Group 
JH Group 
Fund IV GP 
71.2043% 
20.6979% 
8.0978% 
Fund V GP 
55.3644% 
24.2375% 
20.3981% 
Calculated as of immediately following the consummation of the transactions contemplated in the Roll-up 
Agreements, the Principals Contribution Agreement and Strategic Agreement 
NYI:168645916 
EFTA00593281
--- PAGE 6 ---
SCHEDULE II 
Excluded Assets 
PRIVATE EOUITY FUNDS 
Apollo Advisors, LP 
Apollo Advisors II, LP 
APOLLO REAL ESTATE ENTITIES 
Apollo Real Estate Capital Partners, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Advisors II, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Advisors III, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Advisors IV, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Advisors V, LP 
Apollo International Real Estate Advisors, LP 
Apollo Poland Real Estate Advisors, LLC 
Apollo EU Real Estate Advisors II, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Mezzanine Advisors, LP 
Apollo Excelsior Capital Partners, LP 
Apollo Epoch Real Estate Advisors, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Advisors, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Management II, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Management III, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Management IV, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Management V, LP 
Apollo International Real Estate Management, LP 
Apollo EU Real Estate Management II, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Co-Investors (EU), LLC 
AREA Co-Investors (EU), LW 
Apollo Corp. EU II Co-Investors, LLC 
Apollo Real Estate Mezzanine Management, LP 
AP Excelsior Management, LP 
AP Epoch Management, LP 
Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund, LP 
AREIF II Co-Investors, LLC 
AREIF III Co-Investors, LW 
AREIF IV Co-Investors, LLC 
AREIF V Co-Investors, LW 
AREA Co-Investors (V), LLC 
Apollo Corp. AREIF V Co-Investors, LLC 
AIREF Co-Investors, LLC 
Apollo Poland Real Estate Co-Investment, LP 
AIREF II Co-Investors, LW 
AP Epoch Co-Investors, LLC 
Excelsior Co-Investors, LW 
AREMF Co-Investors, LLC 
NV1:168445916 
EFTA00593282
--- PAGE 7 ---
SCHEDULE II 
Excluded Assets 
(Continued) 
ARES CORPORATE OPPORTUNITY FUND 
AP-AR Holdco, LP 
APOLLO CO-INVESTMENT VEHICLES 
AIC Co-Investors, LLC 
Apollo SVF Co-Investors, LLC 
Apollo DIF Co-Investors, LLC 
Apollo SOMA Co-Investors, LLC 
Apollo Co-Investors III, LLC, 
Apollo Co-Investors IV, LLC, 
Apollo Co-Investors V, LLC, and 
Apollo Co-Investors V (EH), LLC. 
Apollo Co-Investors VI (EH-A), L.P. 
Apollo Co-Investors VI (A), LW 
Apollo Co-Investors VI (B), LLC 
Apollo Co-Investors VI (C), LLC 
Apollo Asia Co-Investors, LLC 
Apollo Asia Co-Investors Offshore, LP 
Apollo EPF Co-Investors, L.P. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
AP Technology Partners, LLC 
AP Energy Partners, LLC 
AP Propco, LLC 
AP Capital Propco, LLC 
RS Movie Holdings, LLC 
Lion Advisors, LP 
AIF IV Management, Inc.2
Hamlet ControlNote Company3
AIF IV Management Inc., the administrative general partner of Apollo Management IV, L.P., exists solely to 
hold the split-dollar life insurance policy for LB and LB is the sole shareholder of the entity. AIF IV 
Management Inc.'s interest in Apollo Management IV, L.P. is to be convened to a limited partnership 
interest and future premium payments on the life insurance policy will be paid by Black Family Partners, 
L.P. 
Company to be formed to hold the voting and control interest in connection with the proposed investment in 
Harrah's Entertainment, Inc. 
NYI:1686459.16 
EFTA00593283
--- PAGE 8 ---
SCHEDULE II 
Excluded Assets 
(Continued) 
CAPITAL COMMITMENTS TO GENERAL PARTNERS OF FUNDS 
(WHETHER THROUGH CO-INVESTMENT VEHICLES OR OTHERWISE 
General 
Partner 
Approximate Capital Commitments 
LB Group 
MR Group 
JH Group 
Other Professionals 
and related parties 
Fund IV GP 
$ 7,377,953 
$ 4,967,645 
S 
$ 22,354,402 
Fund V GP 
$ 
992,859 
$ 
$ 
$ 
257,141 
Fund VI GP 
$ 1,250,000 
$ 
$ 
$ 
Apollo Value 
Advisors, L.P. 
$ 
346,212 
$ 
173,105 
$ 173,105 
$ 
307,578 
Apollo SOMA 
Advisors, L.P. 
$ 
310,000 
$ 
197,500 
$ 197,500 
$ 
95,000 
Excluded Asset is limited to distributions (and related allocations of income and loss) made to such General 
Partner solely with respect to its capital commitments in its related Fund, and not with respect to carried 
interest. Also excluded are amounts committed to such General Partner by other Apollo professionals. All 
such commitments may be made by the Principals and the other Apollo professionals directly or indirectly 
through other entities. 
NY1:1686459.I6 
EFTA00593284
--- PAGE 9 ---
SCHEDULE III 
AOG Units 
PECUNIARY INTEREST IN AOG UNITS5
LB Group 
MR Group 
JH Group 
AOG Units 
92,109,120.00 
58,614,960.00 
58,614,960.00 
SHARING PERCENTAGES 
LB Group 
MR Group 
JH Group 
Sharing Percentage 
44.00 
28.00 
28.00 
After giving effect to the Roll-up Agreements, the Principals Contribution Agreement and the Strategic 
Agreement 
NYI:1686459.16 
EFTA00593285
--- PAGE 10 ---
SCHEDULE IV 
Permitted Transferees 
SL
I 
1. Black Family Partners, L.P. 
MR Grout) 
1. MIR Foundation LLC 
JH Grow) 
None 
NYI:1686459.IS 
EFTA00593286
--- PAGE 11 ---
SCHEDULE V 
Notices 
If, to LB or any member of his Group: 
Leon Black 
760 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10021 
with a copy to: 
Wachtel], Lipton, Rosen & Katz 
West 52nd Street 
34th Floor 
New York, NY 10019-6150 
Attention: David Karp, Esq. 
If, to MR or any member of his Group: 
Marc Rowan 
927 Fifth Avenue 
Apartment #6 
New York, NY 10021 
with a copy to: 
Cooley Godward Kronish LLP 
The Grace Building 
1114 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10036-7798 
Attention: Chet Lipton, Esq. 
If, to JH or any member of his Group: 
Josh Harris 
895 Park Avenue 
Apt 4/5 B 
New York, NY 10021 
with a copy to: 
Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo P.C. 
Chrysler Center 
666 Third Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
Attention: Robert Bodian, Esq. 
NYI:1686459.16 
EFTA00593287
--- PAGE 12 ---
If, to Holdings: 
Any notice to Holdings shall be deemed given when notice 
is provided to LB, MR and JH. 
with a copy to: 
O'Melveny & Myers LLP 
Times Square Tower 
Times Square 
New York, NY 10036 
Attention: Harvey Eisenberg, Esq. 
If, to Intermediate Holdings: 
Any notice to Intermediate Holdings shall be deemed given 
when notice is provided to LB, MR and JH. 
with a copy to: 
O'Melveny & Myers LLP 
Times Square Tower 
Times Square 
New York, NY 10036 
Attention: Harvey Eisenberg, Esq. 
NYI:1686459.16 
EFTA00593288
--- PAGE 13 ---
SCHEDULE VI 
The parties hereto agree and acknowledge that prior to an IPO, the provisions set forth on 
this Schedule VI shall be operative and that in the event of any conflict between the terms of the 
body of the Agreement and the terms of the provisions set forth on Schedule VI, the terms of the 
provisions set forth on Schedule VI shall control. The parties hereto agree and acknowledge that 
the provisions set forth on Schedule VI consist solely of "term sheet level detail" and that if a 
Principal is terminated prior to an IPO, the parties shall negotiate in good faith to amend this 
Agreement to reflect the provisions set forth on Schedule VI. The provisions set forth on 
Schedule VI shall terminate upon the consummation of an IPO, and Schedule VI shall 
automatically be amended and restated to read in its entirety: "INTENTIONALLY LEFT 
BLANK." 
I. 
Additional Definitions. 
"11?Q" means (i) one or more private placements of Class A Shares by Apollo pursuant to 
Rule 144A, Regulation D and/or Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, in an offering 
that requires Apollo to file with the SEC a shelf registration statement permitting registered 
resales of the Class A Shares after the consummation of such offering (excluding the transactions 
contemplated by the Strategic Agreement), or (ii) one or more offerings of Class A Shares 
pursuant to an effective registration statement filed by Apollo with the SEC or the Financial 
Services Authority of the United Kingdom (in connection with a listing on the London Stock 
Exchange) (other than on Forms S-4 or S-8 or successors and/or equivalents to such forms), 
provided, that the aggregate amount of Class A Shares sold in all such private placements and 
public offerings represents at least 10% of the then outstanding Class A Shares of Apollo (to be 
determined assuming that all outstanding AOG Units have been exchanged for Class A Shares 
pursuant to the Exchange Agreement). 
2. 
Prior to an IPO, Section 2.1(c) shall read as follows: 
"The Executive Committee shall negotiate in good faith with potential Fund investors to 
provide that any future mandatory capital commitments to be made by the general partner of any 
Fund shall be funded by Apollo (and not directly by the Principals). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Executive Committee shall have the authority to determine whether it is 
commercially advantageous to have the Principals fund such capital commitments and, in the 
event that the Executive Committee so determines, the Principals agree to fund such capital 
commitments; provided, however, that (i) without the unanimous consent of the Executive 
Committee, no general partner of any Fund or any co-investment vehicle established to invest in 
any Fund shall commit to make a capital commitment in excess of 2.5%, in the aggregate, of the 
total capital commitments received by such Fund, and the portion of such capital commitment to 
be made by the Principals shall be reduced by the amount of such capital commitments to be 
made (as determined by the majority approval of the Executive Committee) by (A) Apollo and 
its Subsidiaries (excluding any Funds that may be Subsidiaries) and (B) the other investment 
professionals employed by Apollo and its Subsidiaries; (ii) without the unanimous consent of the 
Executive Committee, no Principal shall be required to make a capital commitment in excess of 
$75 million in any individual Fund; (iii) except as provided in clauses (iv) and (v) below, if the 
Principals are obligated to make future capital commitments to any Fund or any co-investment 
NYI:1686459.16 
EFTA00593289
--- PAGE 14 ---
vehicle established to invest in any Fund, such capital commitments will be made by the 
Principals obligated to make such capital commitments (or other members of their respective 
Groups) outside of Holdings ratably in accordance with the Sharing Percentages of their 
respective Groups as of the date of the First Closing of such Fund (for the avoidance of doubt, 
each such capital commitment by a Principal or his Group shall be an Excluded Asset); (iv) no 
Principal shall be required to make any future capital commitment to any Fund that has a First 
Closing after the date of such Principal's termination or to any co-investment vehicle established 
to invest in any Fund that has a First Closing after the date of such Principal's termination; and 
(v) any mandatory capital commitments by Holdings to a Heritage Fund will be made by the 
Principals in accordance with the Heritage Points Percentages in such Heritage Fund without 
giving effect to any adjustments thereto (for the avoidance of doubt, each such capital 
commitment by a Principal or his Group shall be an Excluded Asset)." 
3. 
Prior to the completion of the IPO, in addition to compliance with the conditions set forth 
in the proviso of Section 5.4(bl, any LB Extraordinary Transaction may be consummated only if 
at least 80% of the value of the consideration payable to the Principals consists solely of cash 
and liquid securities (i.e., subject to customary restrictions, the securities must be freely tradeable 
or subject to appropriate registration rights and the securities must be publicly traded and have a 
substantial public float) and any illiquid securities must vest on terms no less favorable to the 
Principal than ratably on the remaining vesting schedule for such Principal set forth in this 
Agreement. Prior to an IPO, LB shall not have to obtain the approval of the Independent Board 
in order to cause an LB Extraordinary Transaction. 
4. 
Prior to an IPO, any powers to be exercised by the Independent Board pursuant to the 
body of the Agreement (i) with respect to the determination of "Disability" of a Principal, shall 
be exercised by a licensed doctor selected by the Executive Committee and (ii) with respect to 
Sections 5.3(a) and 5.3(c), shall be exercised by John Suydam after consultation with the 
Continuing Principals. 
NY 1:1686159.16 
EFTA00593290
--- PAGE 15 ---
EXHIBIT A 
FORM OF JOINDER TO 
AGREEMENT AMONG PRINCIPALS 
THIS JOINDER (this "Joinder") to that certain Agreement Among Principals (the 
"Agreement") dated as of July 13, 2007, by and among Leon D. Black ("LB"), Marc J. Rowan 
("MR"), Joshua J. Harris ("MI", and together with LB and MR, the "Principals" and each 
individually, a "Principal") Black Family Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, MJR 
Foundation LLC, a New York limited liability company, AP Professional Holdings, L.P., a 
Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership ("Intermediate Holdings"), and BRH Holdings, 
L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership ("Holdings"), is made and entered into as 
of July 13, 2007 by and between Holdings and [NAME OF PERMITTED TRANSFEREE] (the 
"Transferee"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings 
set forth in the Agreement. 
WHEREAS, the Transferee has acquired an ownership interest in Holdings, and the 
Agreement requires the Transferee to become a party to the Agreement, and Transferee agrees to 
do so in accordance with the terms hereof. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and 
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties to this Joinder hereby agree as follows: 
I. 
Agreement to be Bound. The Transferee hereby agrees that upon execution of this 
Joinder, [he, she or it] shall become a party to the Agreement and shall be fully bound by, and 
subject to, all of the covenants, terms and conditions of the Agreement as though an original 
party thereto and as a member of the [ 
] Group. 
2. 
Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Joinder shall bind and 
inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Holdings and each Principal and their respective 
successors and assigns so long as the Transferee holds any ownership interest in Holdings. 
3. 
Counterparts. 
This Joinder may be executed in separate counterparts, including by 
facsimile, each of which shall be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one 
and the same agreement. 
4. 
Notices. For purposes of Section 6.1 of the Agreement, all notices, demands or other 
communications to the Transferee shall be directed to: 
[Name] 
[Address] 
[Attention] 
5. 
Governing Law. THIS JOINDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE (WITHOUT 
GIVING EFFECT TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF). 
6. 
Descriptive Headings. 
The descriptive headings of this Joinder are inserted for 
convenience only and do not constitute a part of this Joinder. 
NYI:1686459.16 
EFTA00593291
--- PAGE 16 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Joinder as of the 
date first above written. 
BRII HOLDINGS, 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
[TRANSFEREE] 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
NY 1:1686159.16 
EFTA00593292
--- PAGE 17 ---
EFTA00593293
--- PAGE 18 ---
EFTA00593294
--- PAGE 19 ---
EFTA00593295
--- PAGE 20 ---
EFTA00593296
--- PAGE 21 ---
EFTA00593297
--- PAGE 22 ---
EFTA00593298
--- PAGE 23 ---
EFTA00593299
--- PAGE 24 ---
EFTA00593300
--- PAGE 25 ---
EFTA00593301
--- PAGE 26 ---
EFTA00593302
--- PAGE 27 ---
EFTA00593303
--- PAGE 28 ---
EFTA00593304
--- PAGE 29 ---
EFTA00593305
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA00593306
--- PAGE 31 ---
EFTA00593307
--- PAGE 32 ---
EFTA00593308
--- PAGE 33 ---
EFTA00593309
--- PAGE 34 ---
EFTA00593310
--- PAGE 35 ---
EFTA00593311
--- PAGE 36 ---
EFTA00593312
--- PAGE 37 ---
EFTA00593313
--- PAGE 38 ---
EFTA00593314
--- PAGE 39 ---
EFTA00593315
--- PAGE 40 ---
EFTA00593316
--- PAGE 41 ---
EFTA00593317
--- PAGE 42 ---
EFTA00593318
--- PAGE 43 ---
EFTA00593319
--- PAGE 44 ---
EFTA00593320
--- PAGE 45 ---
EFTA00593321
--- PAGE 46 ---
EFTA00593322
--- PAGE 47 ---
EFTA00593323
--- PAGE 48 ---
EFTA00593324
--- PAGE 49 ---
EFTA00593325
--- PAGE 50 ---
EFTA00593326
--- PAGE 51 ---
EFTA00593327

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593328.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593328.pdf
----------------------------------------
STATEMENT 
Thomas J. Magnani D.D.S. 
Telephone: 
Alvin Graysen 
S. 
New York NY 10019 
Mr. Jeff E tein 
New York NY 10150 
(Q,vf?qd
■ paying by Me ANAL MS toe nut* yo1 ara pep Si h roniebinco box am 
AI out Wow 
Sand 
Una 
Amex 
Card a  
 EN, Ode 
Straltre  
 se Cada 
Date 
Account 
4/30/2014 
10055 
Remittance 
IMPORTANT - PLEASE OETACH UPPER PORTION NIP RETURN WITH YOUR RE/ARTNCE TO INSURE CREDIT TO PROPER ACCOUNT 
Date 
Patient 
Description 
Charges 
Credits 
Balance 
3/27/2014 
Previous Balance 
0.00 
4/21/2014 
Sue 
Recall Oral Exam 
40.00 
40.00 
4/21/2014 
Sue 
Adult Scale & Prophy 
180.00 
220.00 
4/21/2014 
Sue 
Bleaching Trays 
650.00 
870.00 
4/22/2014 
Sue 
Surface Comp. Posterior 
275.00 
1,145.00 
4/22/2014 
Sue 
Comp. W. Etch 3 Surface 
375.00 
1,520.00 
Account Total 
1,520.00 
If payment has been sent, please disregard this statement - Thank You. 
We accept credit cards You may complete a 
top part of 
this statement, or call the office at 
Current 
Days 
1,520.00 
0.00 
Days 
Days 
I 
120+ Days 
0.00 
0.00 
Thomas J. Magnani D.D.S. 
Alvin Grayson D.D.S. 
New York NY 10019 
0.00 
EFTA00593328

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593329.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593329.pdf
----------------------------------------
Schedule K-1 
(Form 1065) 
DeparmerOWMeireasury 
internal Revenue Service 
2012 
For calendar year 2012. or tax 
year beginning  
2012 
ending  
Partner's ShareofInconie, Deductions, 
Credits, etc. 
IP See back of form and separate Instructions. 
Amended K-I 
651112 
OMB No. 1545.0099 
Partner's Share of Current Year income, 
Deductions, Credits and Other items 
Ordinary business income (loss) 
IS 
Credits 
Net rental real estate income (loss) 
Other net rental income (loss) 
Foreign transactions 
Partl 
Information About the Partnership 
A 
r,.vinership's employer Identification number 
13-4201559 
B 
Parmersnip's name. address. city. state, and ZIP code 
AP SHL INVESTORS, LLC 
C/O APOLLO MANAGEMENT, LP 
PURCHASE, NY 10577 
C 
IRS Center where parmersnp Med return 
CINCINNATI 
Guaranteed payments 
S 
Interest income 
6a 
Ordinary dMdends 
Qualified dividends 
Royalties 
  Check if this is a publicly traded pannere.hip (PIP) 
Net short-term capital gain (loss) 
Part II 
Information About the Partner 
fla 
Net long-term capital gain (loss) 
Alternative minimum tax IMATI NAM 
E 
Partner's denntang number 
66-0567418 
F 
Partners name. address, city. state. and ZIP code 
fib 
Colleables (28%) gain (loss) 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY 
ST. THOMAS, VQ 802 
Unreceptured section 1250 gain 
Net section 1231 gain (loss) 
Other income (loss) 
Tax-exempt ncome and 
nondeductible expenses 
LI General partner or LLC 
WC Limited partner or other LLC 
member-manager 
member 
Domestic partner 
K 
Foreign partner 
What type of entity is this panner? (see instructions) CORPORATION 
If this partner is a retirement plan (IRMSEPiKeoghtetc.). check here 
(see instructions) 
Partners share of profit. loss. and capital ( ee instructions): 
Beginning 
Profit 
VARIOUS 
Loss 
VARIOUS 
cow 
VARIOUS 
K 
Partners share of kabilbes at yew end: 
Nonrecourse  
Qualified nonrecourse financing 
Recourse  
Sang 
VARIOUS 
VARIOUS 
VARIOUS 
Section 179 deduction 
Diarbutions 
K. 
Other deductions 
13,867. 20 
Other Information 
13,867. 
Self-employment earnings (loss) 
Partners capital account analysis: 
Beginning capital account 
Capital contributed during the year , 
Current year increase (decrease) , 
Withdrawals 8 Ostaxalons 
S(
Ending capital account 
Tax basis 
El 
ClAAP 
K 
Section 704(b) book 
Other (explain) 
54,731. 
-13,867. 
NI 
Did the partner contribute property w4h a built-in gain or loss? 
n Yes 
No 
II "Yes', attach statement (see instructions) 
40,864. 
*See attached statement for additional information. 
For IRS Use Only 
For Paperwork Reduction Mt Notice, see Instructions for Form 1065. 
SA 
201200 2 020 
42634T 
2706 
IRS.go iform1065 
V12-6.4T 4032 
Schedule K-I (Form 1065) 2012 
EFTA00593329
--- PAGE 2 ---
AP SHL INVESTORS, LLC 
SCH K-1 SUPPORTING SCHEDULES PARTNER 4 
13-4201559 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY 
ITEM L - RECONCILIATION OF INCOME 
TOTAL INCOME PER SCHEDULE K-1 
TOTAL INCOME PER ITEM L, CURRENT YEAR INCR(DECR) 
LINE 13 - OTHER DEDUCTIONS 
K DEDUCTIONS - PORTFOLIO (2% FLOOR) 
PORTFOLIO DEDUCTIONS - 2% FLOOR 
TOTAL BOX K 
-13,867. 
-13,867. 
13,867. 
13,867. 
42634T 2706 
V12-6.4T 4032 
STATEMENT 1 
EFTA00593330

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593331.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593331.pdf
----------------------------------------
WItri2 
Priv 
Subject- Fvel-
From: 
Roy Meeker 
To: 
Date. 
Wednesday. September 26. 2012 4.31 PM 
September 25,2012 
Island Marine 
Indusoial Service. LLC 
St, Thomas, U.S.V.I. 00802 
Re Harge repair at tattle Saint James: 
L To supply labor and niscellmeotu shop supplies as needed. 
2. Trouble shoot and itstall hydraulic cylinders on the port and sun-board ramp. 
3. Re-alien the port and starboard engines and transniissiorts. 
4. RCIIIOW and replace hydraulic pumps and couplings. 
5. Trouble: shorn repair ; and / or replace any electrical, wiriag„ gauges, or sendiag units. 
6. Replace air filter systems and related hardware. 
Thi; total price will not exceed 532.600.00 
Payments will be nude as tbflows; 35% deposit f S11.410.00 ) Balance when the job is completed nut to 
exceed 521,109,00 
. Respectably submitted by Rob K assner 
1.0a A D h r 
EFTA00593331

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593332.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593332.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 INC 08-03-69 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
BEDFBO 
Travel Arrangements for: 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas Cal Collect 
Agent ID. 7O 
ITINERARY 
Generated: June 5. 2014 11.22 AM 
Page 1 of 2 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing 
authorization is received. Please contact your travel office by 05:45 PM on June 05,or this entire reservation 
will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details: 
Thursday June 5, 2014 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
JET BLUE 
Airline Record Locator 
Flight: 
Equipment 
Airbus A320 
Departure: 
11A5 pm 
Albuquerque. NM 
Estimated Time: 
HR 3 MIN 
Arrival: 
5:48 am 
New York JFK. NY 
Distance: 
1,825 Mies 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
Arriving on: 
June 6. 2014 
Arrival Termital: 
TERMINAL 5 
Seat 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Economy 
Travel Details: 
Friday June 6, 2014 
ASSIGNED SEATING IS RESTRICTED TO AIRPORT CHECK IN 
Additional Information: 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-------------------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
*----------------
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00593332
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 2 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including, without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. ncluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your hip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHER IMPORTANT NOTICES. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public interne!, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or. other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA:
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101, Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kietzke Lane. Building B. Suite 113. Reno. Nevada 89502. Phone: 
. Fax: 
e-mail: 
California CST#1022318-10, Rhode Island ML#1192. Washington UBI#600-469-694. Iowa TA#002. Nevada NV#2001-0126. 
EFTA00593333

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593334.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593334.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
Duplicate Statement To: 
Mr. Leon Black 
Elysium Management 
do Ms. Eileen Alexandcrson 
New York, NY 10022 
November 19, 2014 
Sustainable Woodlands Fund II, L.P. 
-14
Sustainable Woodlands Fund II, L.P. 
Account Statement 
Black Family Partners, L.P. 
September 30,2014 
Statement of Changes in Capital Account
(All Figures arc Presented in USS) 
3rd Quarter 2014 Activity 
Beginning Balance 
18.971,280 
Capital Contributions 
Distributions 
(281.013) 
Estimated Net Income (Loss)2
(76,031) 
Ending Balance 
18.614.237 
Please note that results arc estimated and unaudited unless otherwise indicated. 
Estimated net income (loss) is presented net of the monthly management fee accrual. 
For more information or any inquiries, please contact David Hicks a 
EFTA00593334

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593335.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593335.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
Duplicate Statement To: 
Mr. Leon Black 
Elysium Management 
do Ms. Eileen Alexanderson 
New York, NY 10022 
November 19, 2014 
Sustainable Woodlands Fund II, L.P. 
-14
Sustainable Woodlands Fund II, L.P. 
Account Statement 
Black Family Partners, L.P. 
September 30,2014 
Statement of Changes in Capital Account
(All Figures arc Presented in USS) 
3rd Quarter 2014 Activity 
Beginning Balance 
18.971,280 
Capital Contributions 
Distributions 
(281.013) 
Estimated Net Income (Loss)2
(76,031) 
Ending Balance 
18.614.237 
Please note that results arc estimated and unaudited unless otherwise indicated. 
Estimated net income (loss) is presented net of the monthly management fee accrual. 
For more information or any inquiries, please contact David Hicks at 
EFTA00593335

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593336.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593336.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rolls-Royce 
- 
sciland Ltd d. Co KG 
a^forK‘to 0.15827 Blarnerdeide-Man 
Jege, LLC 
St. Thomas 
USVI 00802 
Dow SaVarronwahr ■ 
Ovoid f ardFao 
Date/Datum 15.09.2015 
Ott rellUnsee Inchon11R-LC 
BMW 
Dear Mr Indyke, 
Dahlewitz, D-15827 Blankenfelde-Mahlow
Tel.: 
Fax: 
This is to confirm receipt of your letter dated September 14th 2015 and addressed to Jennifer 
Laing. While we will consider your request, you may understand that Rolls-Royce is currently not 
able to confirm or deny the statements made in your letter. We will respond to your request at our 
earliest convenience. 
Please address any further communication on this matter to my attention. 
Regards, 
Elena P 
fgelopodfou 
Legal Counsel 
- 1 - 
Roo-Royce Dordscniand Ltd b Co KG 
SrtziRag stared Office Enankenfenp/darnow. Deroscedand. Rogistergencht/Court of Rester MaagMCM POISdem SRA 2131 P 
Pattern.," neon& GeseltironorenNGoners: Partner Rolls-Royce General Penner brad, 
Stz/Regsteree Moe Derby. Untied Kngdon. Register Repstry of Convenes Wain and England. 4C66556. 
Geschallsfidittifloard of Dreacos Cho* Young, Or Renee Wong Dr. Holger Cstsbrg 
EFTA00593336

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593337.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593337.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 32141998 E-Filed 09/16/2015 04:51:42 PM 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and 
PAUL G. CASSELL, 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN 
AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
Plaintiffs/Counterclaim Defendants, 
CIVIL DIVISION 
CASE NO: CACE 15-000072 
vs. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant/Counterclaim Plaintiff. 
AMENDED NOTICE OF HEARING 
*Change to certification paragraph only 
YOU ARE HEREBY NOI INED that the undersigned attorney will set down for hearing 
before the Honorable Thomas Lynch, Judge of the above-styled Court, in his Chambers at the 
Broward County Courthouse 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301, on 
Wednesday, October 21, 2015, at 8:45 a.m. or as soon thereafter as counsel may be heard, the 
following: 
DEFENDANT/COUNTERCLAIM PLAINTIFF ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ'S 
MOTION FOR FINDING OF WAIVER BASED ON PLAINTIFFS' 
FAILURE TO PROVIDE A PRIVILEGE LOG OR, IN THE ALTERNATIVE, 
TO COMPEL PLAINTIFFS TO PROVIDE AN ITEMIZED PRIVILEGE LOG 
Movant counsel certifies that A) I have made a good faith attempt to agree or to narrow the 
issues on the Motions noticed has been made with opposing counsel, to no avail; and B) the issues 
before the Court may be heard and resolved by the court within five (5) minutes. 
PLEASE GOVERN YOURSELVES ACCORDINGLY. 
EFTA00593337
--- PAGE 2 ---
Respectfully submitted, 
/s/ Thomas E. Scott 
Thomas E. Scott, Es . 
Florida Bar No. 
Steven R. Safra, Es . 
Florida Bar No. 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Dadeland Centre II 14th Floor 
Miami, Florida 33156 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Richard A. Sim son 
ro hac vice) 
M 
E. Bor'a 
ro hac vice) 
Ashle E. Eiler 
ro hac vice) 
WILEY REIN LLP 
Washin ton DC 20006 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Counsel for Alan M. Dershowitz 
EFTA00593338
--- PAGE 3 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing has been furnished by electronic mail 
(email) at email address: 
to: Jack Scarola, Esq, Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A., Counsel for Plaintiff, 
, West Palm Beach, Florida 33409, and I electronically filed the foregoing 
with the Clerk of Broward County by using the Florida Courts eFiling Portal this 1 e h day of 
September, 2015 . 
By: xi/Thomas E. Scott 
THOMAS E. SCOTT 
FBN: 
EFTA00593339
--- PAGE 4 ---
I 7Th Flcourts 
Page 1 of I 
714 I i ITT' frrrirrjRf Frrrntrri-
Case Schedule Receipt: 
Sequence Number: 3 
Judge Name:Lynch, Thomas M., IV 
Case Number:CACE15000072 
Schedule Date:40/21/2015 
Scheduling Attorney Name:IThomas, Emerson, Scott 
Motion Title:Motion 
Defendant/Counterclaim Plaintiff Alan M. Dershowitz's 
for Finding of Waiver Based on Plaintiffs' Failure to 
Provide a Privilege Log or, in the Alternative, to Compel 
Plaintiffs to Provide an Itemized Privilege Log 
Case Entry Date: Wed Sep 16 16:33:07 EDT 2015 
Buck 
Print 
http://apps.17th.flcourts.oreccjdpool/judgeMotionCase.do 
9/16/2015 
EFTA00593340

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593341.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593341.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00593341
--- PAGE 2 ---
She did not have any cases in a statewide search in New York. 
EFTA00593342
--- PAGE 3 ---
Time: Itga 
I 
OR 
DEPARTMENT OF UM ENFORCEMENT 
RIMINAL HISTORY INFORMATION 
rch Florida's Criminal Histories 
R•-rstilts" confirmation has been ernatled to sroadruck6Mgrnail. uxi 
roi:c r C.SMATI0N 
.1. CRITERIA 
3. CONFIRMA11CH 
PAYMENT 
S. CANDIDATI
Confirmation of No Search Results 
First 
Middle Last 
Date of Birth 
Age Race Sex SSN 
Name 
ARLINE M 
TOYLO 
Maiden/Alias 
ARLINE 
CAPINPIN 
- 
Maiden/Alias 2 
Transaction 
9051504 
A 
F 
7/6/2017 11:48:14 AM 
FDLE found NO Florida criminal history based on the information provided. No criminal record 
check was conducted for other states or for the FBI. This record (or statement that there is not a 
record) is based on a request from a member of the public. This customer used the FDLE Internet 
system to search for the Florida record. FDLE is providing this to respond to the customer's 
request. 
Help understanding these results 
Print-Resas1 
! Email Result to:
b,l)lewSearch 
Homej 
EFTA00593343

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593344.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593344.pdf
----------------------------------------
20th July 2017 
DODD-FRANK QUARTERLY REPORT REGARDING UNCLEARED SWAP INITIAL MARGIN 
Dear Sir or Madam: 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC-) rule 23.704 requires that Deutsche Bank AG, as a registered Swap 
Dealer, report quarterly to any counterparty that has not elected to require segregation in accordance with CFTC rules 
23.702 and 23.703 of "Initial Margin" (as defined in CFTC rule 23.700) posted in respect of any swap (as defined by 
CFTC rules) between us and such counterparty that is not submitted for clearing. 
To the extent that you have elected not to segregate Initial Margin posted with us, we are hereby reporting to you that 
during the second quarter period of 2017 (April 1 through to June 30), our back office procedures relating to margin 
and collateral requirements were in compliance with any governing uncleared swap agreement then in effect between 
us unless we notify you otherwise. 
You are not required to take any action in connection with this communication. This communication does not change 
any terms of any uncleared swap agreement between us. To the extent that such uncleared swap agreement is 
uncollateralized. or if we do not have any agreement with you concerning our handling of your collateral, the substance 
of this communication may not be relevant to you. 
Very truly yours, 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Deutsche Bank 
EFTA00593344

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593345.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593345.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ada Clapp 
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Ada Clapp 
Friday, April 22, 2016 8:52 AM 
Ada Clapp 
FW: APO1 GRAT 
From: Ada Clapp 
Sent: Thursday, October 15 2015 12:34 PM 
To: Brad Wechsler 
Cc: John Castrucci 
>. Richard Joslin 
>; Richard 
>; Joe Avantario
>; Samantha Proietto 
Subject: APO1 GRAT 
Brad, 
If I understand Finance's calculations correctly, based on 9/30-undiscounted values, it appears that the APO1 GRAT will 
be roughly $28 million short of being able to make the final annuity payment to Leon (due October 24th) of 
approximately $131.7 million. Given that this GRAT is so dramatically underwater, Alan advised, and I agree, that there 
is no need to obtain a valuation for the final annuity payment. 
Also, because the N th is a Saturday, the cash portion of the final annuity payment (about $2.5 million) will be 
transferred to Leon's individual account on Monday, October 26th. Any Empire invoices (for quarterly appraisals) 
received after that date can be paid by Leon directly. 
Please let me know if you wish to discuss. 
Ada Clapp 
Chief Legal Officer 
Elysium Management LLC 
New York, New York 10022 
Direct Dial: 
Fax: 
Email: 
This communication and any attachment is for the intended recipient(s) only and may contain information that is 
privileged, confidential and/or proprietary. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that further 
dissemination of this communication and its attachments is prohibited. Please delete all copies of this communication 
and its attachments and notify me immediately that you have received them in error. Thank you. 
EFTA00593345

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593346.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593346.pdf
----------------------------------------
BLACK 
SPEBNICK 
KORNSPAN 
STUMPF 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
US VIRGIN ISLANDS 
TRIAL ATTORNCVS 
Telephone: 
Tax ID Number: 
Statement Date: 
09/02/2015 
Statement No. 
105 
Account No. 
826.01 
PREVIOUS BALANCE 
$1,531.00 
08/19/2015 
PAYMENT DEPOSIT NO 3021 
-1,531.00 
TOTAL OUTSTANDING 
$0.00 
Your Trust Account #2 Balance is 
OPENING BALANCE 
08/12/2015 
DEPOSIT NO 1193 
08/13/2015 
Transfer towards costs & fees 
PAYEE: Black, Srebnick, Kornspan & 
CLOSING BALANCE 
$0.00 
1,531.00 
-1,531.00 
$0.00 
Page 1
MIAMI, FL 33131 
EFTA00593346

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593347.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593347.pdf
----------------------------------------
DIAGNE 
1!!,i,12 
Td , 
IEiNot 
Mohamed Seydou DIAGNE 
Avocat a la cour 
EFTA00593347

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593348.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593348.pdf
----------------------------------------
If 
CONSULTING 
Oakbrook Terrace, IL 60181 I UNITED STATES 
NAV 
Initial Activity Notice 
Issued July 08, 2015 
Subject to review and acceptance, we confirm receipt of the following transaction order. 
Boothbay Absolute Return Strategies LP 
Name 
Southern Financial, LLC 
Transaction 
Addition (by Cash Amount) 
Amount 
2,000,000.00 
Currency 
USD 
Effective Date 
July 1, 2015 
Order Received Date 
July 6, 2015 
Entity 
Corporation 
Class 
2F 
Series 
0715 
www.navconsulltng.nel 
This is an initial activity notice solely for the purpose of confirming receipt of the above referenced transaction order. All transactions remain subject to 
manager approval. Some amounts above are estimated solely for your convenience and if so are based on the most recently available NAV for the 
Fund. In the event of any difference between transaction amounts or other information as presented herein when compared to the information 
presented on the Funds periodic Investor statement, the Investor statement will govern. 
EFTA00593348

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593349.pdf
----------------------------------------
cki 
It
It
It 
es 
EFTA00593349
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00593350
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00593351
--- PAGE 4 ---
CLYDE CHEMISTS LIh 
ED 
NEw 
, NY 10021 
Ili
PIN VERIFIED 
NO SIGNATURE REQUIRED 
WALKER 4x9 Z 
14.50
SUBTOTAL 
14,50
NYS/NYC 8.875% SALES TAX 
1.29 
TOTAL DUE 
15.79
DEBIT 
15.79 
CARD NO. : ***********illill 
EXP DATE : **/** 
ITEM # 
: ZOHY 
AUTH NO. : 195220 
TRANS TYPE: PURCHASE 
ENTRY 
: SWIPED 
TERM ID 
, 33665101 
12/14/15 
13:05 
IB 
02221192 01 
EFTA00593352
--- PAGE 5 ---
CLYDE CHEMISTS LIMITED 
NEW YORK, 
(H)Rx# 63 
169.95 
SUBTOTAL 
169.95 
TOTAL DUE 
169.95 
DEBIT 
169.95 
CARD NO. : ***********-
p 
TXP DATE : **/** 
SN 
ITEM # 
: NL29 
335 
AUTH NO. : 114769 
TRANS TYPE: PURCHASE 
ENTRY 
: SWIPED 
7U1r 
TERM ID 
: 33665103 
NWED/ 
cEmi. 
PIN VERIFIED 
NO SIGNATURE REQUIRED 
12/15/15 17:59 
BH 
02221764 03 
EFTA00593353
--- PAGE 6 ---
New York, NY 
SALE 
10022 
CINIIABARWT/BL/M/NO 
41347900 p169.99 BC 
REGULAR PRICE 
240 00 
RIDGELINE SILVER 
42191155 
P29 99 A 
REGULAR PRICE 
00 
BASICSLAIO/WH/SMAL 
41905465 
19.99 
EXTREME COLD OTC LT GRY 10-13 
030522 
22.99 
860 
'ILUPERUVI/WH/ONES 
42123343 
p20.00 
:2E511LAR PRICE 
25,00 
-i:XP0SURWINW0NES 
12110819 
p1 0.40 
REGULAR PRICE 
13.00 
CARGOWPANT/BP1WH/S 
38832541 
p 55.99 
REGULAR PRICE 
79.99 
LOYALTY ENROLLMENT 
753552 
32565856 
00 
on! 
vE 
sS r)` 
"? 
SUBTOTAL 
A = 8.875v. Sales lax 
$329.35 
B = 4.000% Sales fax 
$2.66 
C = 4.875% Sales Tax 
$6.80 
TOTAL 
$8.29 
DEBIT VISA 
$317. 10 
AUTH# 414223 
$347. 10 
12- 07-2015 13:90:33 
REFERENCE 4: 
103201 
* GET 5% BACK WITH FWC 
EFTA00593354
--- PAGE 7 ---
grace s 
MA1KETPLACE 
EA 190 
GRACE'S MARKETPLACE 
TIFFANY 
0001 01 01150128 12/24/15 4:16pm 870 
$ $1.50 EACH 
FIJI WATER16.90Z 
$9.00 
T 
NY BTL DEPOSIT 
$0.30 
2.08 lb @ $0.99/lb 
BANANA 
$2.06, 
1.49 lb @ $2.49/1b 
MANGO 
$1. ) 
APPLE GRANNYSMIT 
$3.7A
.58 lb (0 $3.49/lb 
ORG PEAR DE ANJU 
$2.02 
AVOCADO 
$1.99 
.62 lb l 
$2.99/lb 
PEAR COMICE 
$1.85 
PEAR CACTUS 
, $2.99 
LEMON 
$0.69 
KIWI 
$0.79 
(0 $2.99 EACH 
PERSIMMONS 
$5.98 
.78 lb ® $3.99/1b 
MANDERINE 
$3.11 
ORGANIC BLUEBERR 
$7.99 
ORG RASPBERRIES 
$6.99 
ORG BLACKBERRY 
$6.99 
SUBTOTAL 
$57.95 
NY SALES TAX 
$0.80 
TOTAL 
$58.75 
D 
$58.75 
997296 
EFTA00593355
--- PAGE 8 ---
GR ' S MARKETPLACE 
0001 04 0412b110 11/23/15 
@ $1.25 EACH 
FIJI MINI 330ML 
1.54 lb @ $1.99/1b 
ORGANIC BANANAS 
1.28 lb @ $2.99/1b 
PEAR FORELLE 
1.28 lb @ $3.99/1b 
ORG APPLE GRANNY 
.48 lb @ $2.49/lb 
APPLE PINK LADY 
LEMON 
.97 lb @ $1.99/1b 
APPLE REDDELICTO 
.51 lb @ $2.49/lb 
APPLE GOLDEN 
.47 lb @ $3.99/lb 
ORGANIC APPLE F0 
ALBANERY 
1:29pm 230 
$3.75 
T 
$3.06 
$3.83 
$5.11 
$1.20 
$0.99 
$1.93 
$1.27 
$1.88 
k 
SUBTOTAL. 
NY SALES TAX 
$23.02 
., \eq.. 
$0.33 
TOTAL 
$23.35 
ie& 
• 
9?' <' p 
nigliplir 
$23.35 
0-SAN'
AUTH # 705100 
REF # 044410 
SP) g nAA,4^ 
EFTA00593356
--- PAGE 9 ---
craCC 
S5
ARKETPL AC P
i9$5 
0001 03 03085686 12/02/15 10:41:g% 
FIJI MINI 330ML 
FIJI MINI 330ML 
FIJI MINI 330ML 
$1.25 
T 
114 
1.98 lb 4) $1.99/1b 
ORGANIC BANANAS 
$3.94 
@ $1.49 EACH 
MANGO 
$2.98 
.98 lb @ $1.99/lb
APPLE REDDELICIO
$1.95 
.41 lb 
$2.99/lb
CLEMENTINE
$1.23 
LEMON 
$0,69 
PERSIMMONS
$2.99 
.61 lb @ $1.99/lb
APPLE ROME 
$1.21 
PERSIMMONS 
$2.99 
.86 lb @ $2.49/lb 
APPLE GRANNYSMIT 
$2.14 
.46 lb @ $3.99/1b 
ORG APPLE GOLDEN
$1.84 
PAPAYA HAWAIIAN 
$5.99 
.44 lb @ $1.99/11) 
ORGANIC APPLE FU 
$1.75 
SUBTOTAL 
$33.46 
NY SALES TAX 
$0.33 
TOTAL 
$33.79 
302 
IIIIIIIIIIIII/Illgp 
$33.79 
Mau 
EFTA00593357
--- PAGE 10 ---
:400E- 
-1 'c
_ 
— 
ED 
NEW YORK, 
ORIBE SIGNAT 
ORIBE SIGNAT 
GAS-X SOFTGE 
SUBTOTAL 
NYS/NYC 8,875% SALES TAX 
TOTAL DUE 
DEBIT 
CARD NO, 
************M 
EXP DATE : **/** 
ITEM # 
: DTR9 
AUTH NO. : 194927 
TRANS TYPE: PURCHASE 
ENTRY 
SNIPED 
TERM ID : 33665103 
17.00 
19.00 
9,99 
45,99 
3,20 
49.19 
49.19 
PIN VERIFIED 
NO SIGNATURE REQUIRED 
12/14/15 
17:55 
BH 
02221424 03 
'-"cORIGINAL CONDITION P
)2 
EFTA00593358
--- PAGE 11 ---
1""th*1
4,."S /AlYC 
.Utr far 4i -  
C7t.
91-14L DUE .875,t s
T
4(Es To
NO. 
• 
„ 
- 
49, 
49•) 
CREDIT RECEIPT 
HACK #: 00455498 
MED #: 
1G74 
12/04/15 12: 02-12:20 
RATE #: 1 
STAND. CITY RATE 
Miles R1: 1.79 
TRIP 
077 
12/ 
FARE #: 
: $12.150 
ST . 
SUR: 
$0.50 
IMP. SUR: $0.30 
TIPS 
$2.66 
Total : $15 
U I SA 
***ail 
AUTHOR.: 102138 
Contact TLC DIAL 3-1-1 
"4/ &ND AIn „_ - YOu 
in: 
. ' 
EFTA00593359
--- PAGE 12 ---
Customer Copy 
Crema Cafe 
Creme Cafe 
Current Batch 12052015 
Sat 12/5/2015 12:55:38 PM 
Check 444 
Tab CARINA 
Reg 2 
Cardholder acknowledges receipt of goo 
and/or services in the amount of the 
TOTAL shown hereon and agrees to perform 
the obligations set forth in the 
Cardholder' agreement with the Issuer 
VISA XXXXXXXXXXX) 
Approval 175558 
BASE 
$73.94 
EFTA00593360
--- PAGE 13 ---
• 
Waegireem.s. 
I
2617 
0042 12/10/2015 1:43 PM
814
FS RX 0524507 
30.00 
PSC SA 
30.00 
30.
VINGS 557.99 
.00 
TOTAL 
DEBIT CARD 
CHANGE 
TOTAL FSA I
S 
0.00 
TOTAL RX ITEMS 
30.00 
TOTAL FSA AND RX ITEMS 
30.00 
Rnkirr, 
, , •_• • 
_ 
EFTA00593361
--- PAGE 14 ---
C 
.? 
VIS: SUMMARY 
Life Stops Ob/Gyn Healthcare Fo 
New *Olt NY MOM 
POWs 
NEW YORK NY 10065 
Data Ctalun-UmProyks.
tv tget5-fruTi--i.e OW 
OKIZROte et 
cry 
umb 
A ritrIfi
I 
Pr.! Oro 120 
:Pied 
Nutt PAY 
EFTA00593362

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593363.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593363.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jaredian Design Group 
PHYSICAL ADDRESS: 
MAILING ADDRESS: 
Telephone 
• Fax 
St. Thomas, U. S. Virgin Islands 00802.6900 
St. Thomas, U. S. Virgin Islands 00804-6218 
BILL TO: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
OWNER, NAUTILUS, INC. 
SERVICES FOR NAUTILUS, 
SHOP, LITTLE ST. JAMES 
Date: 
06-Apr-15 
Invoice No. 
15-001.1 
Project No. 
15-001 
INC., RELATED TO 
CAY, ST. JOHN, VIRGIN ISLANDS 
ST. THOMAS, U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 00802 
VIA: 
PROJECT: PROFESSIONAL ARCHITECTURAL-ENGINEERING 
DESIGN EFFORTS OF THE MAINTENANCE 
DESCRIPTION 
Term 
Amounts 
Amount of 
this Billing 
Amounts 
Previously 
Billed 
INITIAL PAYMENT 
$25.000.00 
$0.00 
$25,000.00 
PRE-DESIGN AND CONCEPTUAL DESIGN 
$5,000.00 
$5,000.00 
$0.00 
PRELIMINARY DESIGN SERVICES 
$20,000.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
FINAL DESIGN/CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS 
$20,000.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
BIDDING/NEGOTIATIONS AND CONSTRUCTION PHASE SERVICES 
$5,000.00 
$0.00 
TOTALS 
$75,000.00 
$5,000.00 
$25,000.00 
Contract Amount 
575,000.00 
Amount Earned 
$30,000.00 
LESS: Amount Previously Earned 
$25,000.00 
AMOUNT DUE 
$5,000.00 
104 a to comfy 
ACCEPTED BY: 
that this is a COned MOM and no previous payment nes been effected. credited or received for tne amounts requested nerem - 
(A3
John P. 
, AIA, NCARB, rincipal 
Jaredian D 
Group 
Jeffrey Epstein, Owner 
Nautilus. Inc. 
EFTA00593363

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593364.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593364.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
X 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
X 
15-cv-07433-RWS 
Defendant's Response in Opposition to 
Plaintiff's Omnibus Motion in Lirnine 
Laura A. Menninger 
Jeffrey S. Pagliuca 
Ty Gee 
HADDON, MORGAN AND FOREMAN, P.C. 
150 East 10th Avenue 
Denver CO 80203 
EFTA00593364
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
INTRODUCTION 
I. 
FED. R. EVID. 405(8) REQUIRES ADMISSION OF ALL SPECIFIC INCIDENTS OF 
PLAINTIFF LYING OR ENGAGING IN DECEITFUL OR FRAUDULENT CONDUCT 1 
A. All allegations or comments made by Plaintiff are "connected to" the alleged defamatory 
statement 
B. Responses to Enumerated Motions In Limine 
1. Stories and allegations concerning Dershowitz, foreign presidents, and world leaders 
are highly relevant and admissible (Motion in Limine 1) 
2. Meeting Bill Clinton at Jeffrey Epstein's private island twice (Motion in Limine 2) 
3. FOIA responses and related materials are admissible (Motion in Limine 3) 
4. Louis Freeh's testimony and report are admissible evidence (Motion in Limine 4) 
5. Prince Andrew and Buckingham Palace's denials of Plaintiff's claims are not offered 
for the truth of the matter asserted (Motion in Limine 5) 
6. Evidence Regarding Plaintiff's Sexual History and Reputation is Admissible (Motion in 
Limine 6) 
7. Plaintiff cannot prohibit use of words such as "prostitute," which she used to describe 
herself, or any other "derogatory" terms that describe her reputation (Motion in [Amine 
7) 
8. Plaintiff's drug use is relevant to her memory and lack of damages (Motion in Limine 
8) 
9. Information regarding Plaintiff's criminal history is relevant and admissible evidence 
when character is an essential element of the claim (Motion in Limine 9) 
10. Evidence concerning school attendance is relevant to Plaintiff's allegations of how she 
spent her time in 1999 to 2002 (Motion in Limine 10) 
11. Plaintiff put her full childhood history and character at issue (Motion in Limine 11)  20 
12. Victims Refuse Silence is a sham not-for-profit established to create a claim for 
defamation per se (Motion in Limine 12) 
i 
EFTA00593365
--- PAGE 3 ---
13. Plaintiff's failure to pay her personal tax obligations is relevant to her character for 
truthfulness (Motion in Limine 13) 
14. Plaintiff's husband's domestic violence against her in March 2015 is probative of other 
intervening causes of emotional distress and related damages (Motion in Limine 14) 23 
15. Plaintiff's lies about her age and the year she met Mr. Epstein must be exposed to the 
jury (Motion in Limine 15) 
16. All of Plaintiff's medical records are relevant to Plaintiff's damages claims (Motion in 
Limine 16) 
17. The Parties agree to preclusion of all documents and discussion of the Jane Doe 102 
case, including the settlement of those claims (Motion in Limine 17) 
18. The Cassell/Edwards v. Dershowitz litigation is relevant and admissible (Motion in 
Limine 18) 
19. Judge Mama's ruling is relevant and admissible (Motion in Limine 19) 
20. The transcript of the tape recording of Mr. Dershowitz's conversation with Rebecca 
Boylan is admissible (Motion in [Amine 20) 
C. Plaintiff's Remaining Motions In Limine Are Premature and Request an Unnecessary 
Advisory Opinion (Motions in Limine 21-29) 
1. "Bad Acts" by Plaintiffs counsel 
2. Discussion of missing witnesses and absence of evidence is appropriate, and missing 
witness instruction may be requested 
CONCLUSION 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
ii 
EFTA00593366
--- PAGE 4 ---
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES 
Cases 
Brady v. Chemical Construction Corp., 740 F.2d 195 (2d Cir. 1984) 
Cannistraci v. Kirsopp, No. 1:10-CV-980 MAD/DRH, 2012 WL 2089687, at *1-2 (N.D.N.Y 
June 8, 2012) 
Cardillo v. Doubleday & Co., Inc., 518 F.2d 638, 639-40 (2d Cir.1975) 
Chamblee v. Harris & Harris, Inc., 154 F. Supp. 2d 670, 681 (S.D.N.Y. 2001) 
Chnapkova v. Koh, 985 F.2d 79, 82 (2d Cir. 1993) 
Daniels by Glass v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., 634 So.2d 88, 93 (Miss. 1993) 
DeVaul v Carvigo Inc., 526 N.Y.S.2d 483 (2d Dept. 1988) 
Doddy v. Oxy USA, Inc., 101 F.3d 448, 459-60 (5th Cir. 1996) 
Donnelly v. DeChristoforo, 416 U.S. 637, 646-47, 94 &Ct. 1868, 40 L.Ed.2d 431 (1974). 
Edwards v. City of N.Y., No. 08-2199 TLM, 2011 WL 2748665, at *4 (E.D.N.Y. July 13, 2011) 
EEOC v. Grief Brothers Corp., 218 F.R.D. 59, 61-62 (W.D.N.Y. 2003) 
Equal Employment Opportunity Comm'n v. Reed Pierce's Sportsman's Grille, LLC, No. 3:10-
CV-541-WHB-LRA, 2013 WL 12123370, at *1 (S.D. Miss. Jan. 11, 2013) 
Gaillard v. Jim's Water Service, Inc., 535 F.3d 771, 778-779 (8th Cir. 2008) 
Gallo v. Ricci, 814 N.Y.S.2d 422, 423 (2006) 
Geraty v. Vill. of Antioch, No. 09 C 6992, 2015 WL 127917, at *7 (N.D. Ill. Jan. 8, 2015) 
Gordy Co. v. Mary Jane Girls, Inc., No. 86 CIV. 6814 (RWS), 1989 WL 28477, at *6 (S.D.N.Y. 
Mar. 24, 1989) 
Gov't of Virgin Islands v. Grant, 775 F.2d 508, 511 & n. 4 (3d Cir. 1985) 
Grasso v. Mathew, 564 N.Y.S.2d 576, 578 (3d Dep't 1991) 
Guccione v. Hustler Magazine, Inc., 800 F.2d 298, 303 (2d Cir. 1986) 
iii 
EFTA00593367
--- PAGE 5 ---
Jaffee v. Redmond, 518 U.S. 1, 116 S.Ct. 1923, 135 L.Ed.2d 337 (1996) 
Kadant Johnson Inc. v. D'Amico, No. CIV.A. 10-2869, 2012 WL 2190897, at *1 (E.D. La. June 
14, 2012) 
Kevorkian v. Am. Med. Assn, 237 Mich. App. 1, 12, 602 N.W.2d 233, 239 (1999) 
Longmire v. Ala. State Univ., 151 F.R.D. 414, 419 (M.D.AIa. 1992) 
Minemyer v. R-Boc Representatives, Inc., No. 07 C 1763, 2012 WL 379904, at *4 (N.D. Ill. Feb. 
6, 2012) 
O'Brien v. Alexander, 898 F.Supp. 162, 171 (S.D.N.Y. 1995) 
Palmieri v. Defaria, 88 F.3d 136, 141 (2d Cir. 1996) 
People v Thomas, 21 N.Y.3d 226 (2013) 
People v. Williams, 5 N.Y.3d 732, 734 (2005) 
Preferred Properties, Inc. v. Indian River Estates, Inc., 276 F.3d 790, 799 n.5 (6th Cir. 2002)  13 
Rowe v. DPI Specialty Foods, Inc., No. 2:13-CV-00708-DN, 2015 WL 3533844, at *5 (D. Utah 
June 4, 2015) 
 13, 28 
S.E.C. v. Collins & Ailanan Corp., 256 F.R.D. 403, 412 (S.D.N.Y. 2009) 
Schafer v. Time, Inc., 142 F.3d 1361, 1364-75 (11th Cir. 1998) 
Seligson, Morris & Neuburger v Fairbanks Whitney Corp., 257 N.Y.S.2d 706 (1st Dept. 1965)35 
Sidor v. Reno, 95 CIV. 9588 (KMW), 1998 WL 164823, *2 (S.D.N.Y. April 7, 1998) 
United States v. Dukes, 727 F.2d 34, 37 (2d Cir. 1984) 
United States v. Hatchet:, 918 F.2d 631, 641 (6th Cir. 1990) 
United States v. Lujan, No. 05—CR-924 (RB) (D.N.M. Mar. 25, 2011) 
United States v. Fiche, 981 F.2d 706, 713 (4th Cir. 1992) 
United States v. Rabbani, 382 F. App'x 39, 42 (2d Cir. 2010) 
United States v. Robinson, 583 F.3d 1265, 1272 (10th Cir. 2009) 
United States v. Van Meerbeke, 548 F.2d 415, 417-18 (2d Cir. 1976) 
iv 
EFTA00593368
--- PAGE 6 ---
United States v. West, 58 F.3d 133, 141 (5th Cir. 1995) 
United States v. Wexler, 79 F.2d 526, 529-30 (2d Cir. 1935) 
United States v. Wilson, No. 04-CR-1016 NGG, 2013 WL 2948034, at *4-6 (E.D.N.Y. June 14, 
2013) 
World Wide Ass'n of Specialty Programs v. Pure, Inc., 450 F.3d 1132, 1138 (10th Cir. 2006).... 3 
Zamora v. CC Servs., L.P., 647 F. App'x 330 (5th Cir. 2016) 
Rules 
Fed. R. Evid. 403 
Fed. R. Evid. 405 and 608 
4, 6, 15, 20 
Fed. R. Evid. 405(6) 
passim 
Fed. R. Evid. 801 
Fed. R. Evid. 801 (d)(2)(D) 
29, 31 
Fed. R. Evid. 803(6) 
Fed. R. Evid. 803(8) 
Fed. R. Evid. 902(4) and 902(11) 
V 
EFTA00593369
--- PAGE 7 ---
PAGES 1-36 
REDACTED 
EFTA00593370
--- PAGE 8 ---
Dated: March 17, 2017 
Respectfully submitted, 
/s/ Laura A. Menninger 
Laura A. Menninger (LM-1374) 
Jeffrey S. Pagliuca (pro hac vice) 
Ty Gee (pro hac vice) 
HADDON, MORGAN AND FOREMAN, P.C. 
150 East 10th Avenue 
Denver,CO 020 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell 
EFTA00593371
--- PAGE 9 ---
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I certify that on March 17, 2017, I electronically served this Defendant's Response in 
Opposition to Plaintiff's Omnibus Motion In Limine via ECF on the following: 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
Meredith Schultz 
BOIES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER, LLP 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Ste. 1200 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, 
FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Ave., Ste. 2 
Ft. Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Paul G. Cassell 
383 S. University Street 
Salt Lake City. UT 84112 
J. Stanley Pottinger 
Twin Lakes Rd. 
South Salem NY 105 0 
Is/ Nicole Simmons 
Nicole Simmons 
EFTA00593372

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593373.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 36847228 E-Filed 01/21/2016 04:16:14 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 17TH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR BROWARD 
COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
CASE NO.: CACE 15-000072 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and 
PAUL G. CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs/Counterclaim Defendants, 
v. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant/Counterclaim Plaintiff. 
THIRD RE-NOTICE OF TAKING CONTINUED VIDEO TAPED DEPOSITION 
[changes location only] 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned attorneys will take the video deposition 
of: 
Name and Address 
Date and Time 
Place of Takin 
Paul G. Cassell 
Thursday, 2/18/16 
9:00 am 
illt 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Friday, 2/19/16 
9:00 am
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
upon oral examination for purpose of discovery or use as evidence in this action, or for such 
other purposes as authorized under applicable statutes and/or the Florida Rules of Civil 
Procedure, before Esquire Deposition Solutions, Notary Public, or before some other officer 
authorized by law to administer oaths, who is not a relative, employee, attorney, or counsel of 
-1-
EFTA00593373
--- PAGE 2 ---
any of the parties, or a relative, or employee of such attorney or counsel, or financially interested 
in the action, and pursuant to adjoumments, if any, by said office until said testimony shall be 
completed. You are hereby notified to be present at the time and place stated. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and accurate copy of the foregoing was served via 
Electronic Mail through the Court's E-Portal System this 21m day of January, 2015 to: Jack 
Scarola, Esq, Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A., 2139 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409. 
Respectfully submitted, 
s/ Thomas E. Scott 
Thomas E. Scott 
Florida Bar No. 
Steven R. Safra 
Florida Bar No. 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Miami, Florida 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Richard A. Sim son 
Mary E. Boria 
Ashley E. Eiler 
WILEY REIN LLP 
Washin ton DC 20006 
Fax
Fax: 
Counsel for Alan M. Dershowitz 
-2-
EFTA00593374

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593375.pdf
----------------------------------------
ang:: 
EFTA00593375

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593376.pdf
----------------------------------------
Bank Deposit Analysis Worksheet 
Detail for "Understatement of Income" 
Sublime Arts Accounts 
Kristen Sancken reimbursement for travel (deposited 1/15/14) 
$712.46 
Refund of double payment to NY Law Journal (deposted 2/9/14) 
$723.20 
Insurance reimbursement (deposited on 2/27/14) 
$1,200.00 
Sales tax collected on Invoice #140001 
$2,245.38 
Sales tax collected on Invoice #140002 
$3,958.25 
Sales tax collected on Invoice #140003 
$20,226.13 
Sales tax collected on Invoice #140005 
$1,142.26 
Sales tax collected on Invoice #140009 
$7,100.00 
Sales tax collected on Invoice #140011 
$15,105.25 
Less vendor collection credit for timely submission of sales tax 
-$257.09 
Total 
$52,155.84 
worksheet 
$52,136.00 
difference 
$19.84 
EFTA00593376

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593377.pdf
----------------------------------------
 "'" 
912 
"r" 
• -C Kawasaki $ SUZUKI /WM atxilia 
Husqvama 
P45)0 
S
t
lytar
Tel 
S 
Toll Free 
E-Mail 
• Hialeah. Floods 33016 
www.pal meilorn ol orsportS.COTT1 
KAWASAKI 
ID NUMBER 
LSIE. LLC 
I 
)1.1A • 
MILEAGE 
06/ 19/44 
28524 
[ODD SAN00`. 
DOS 
00802 -13 
EMAIL 
: 
,frre Na ste 
KVF750GDF 
" x "506207 
COLOR 
Rep 
KEYS 
\ 
`/EM= 040.0tMullE YFMGE4 IMPRESSIMED TO SE 
DKEW 
Q USED 
IQ SOU) ASE 
DEMO 
Q TRAILER 
QIIMellERCRAFT 
QOTHER 
i 
TRADE 4144.043111.1ATION 
BASE PRICE Of UNIT 
$46,350/00 
WAKE 
CO YDACLE 
COLOR 
FAWN? iFROM FACTORY) 
SO 00 
YEAR 
MODEL 
PAYOFF 
uNCR STING II ASSY. 
SO 900 
.2 
y. vw 4 
DEALER PREP (ID I ) 
SO 90 
v LEAGE 
122E 264 [XI WARRANTY 
$0,00 
PLEASE NOTE 
WRAGRAPEI 4 ON Of REVERSE ASWAN 4 THAT Mt MILS OF FVFPY scums LW 
MOM FULI. ON DA LILAC( - Ai LACER, THOSE SPECIFCALAY ICED ICRION 
DEALER *STALLED ECERPMENT 
$0000 
SO 00 
SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS 
SO L'in 
E IN PEE IblocItorw lamp Roystrabon r 
' 
. - :  
.1
^ et 
Diq 
L
FLORA/ALAIN • WASTE ME 
LESS ALLOWANCE OR TRADE Expo 
AND LEAD ACID ????? REM 
RAREHOUSE FEE 
SO 
Ri
mt
ADIWW3tRATIVIE SERVICES 
YEIT ADOCNOut 
lia 
1 'a' 
g's) `olg 08 -- 
\.. 
r
etic AtOVIVICE1 
...-.."4 TAIA84 F 
546,350 
- I r.-twee 
TIC IVYMICTZ 
SO, 
\. 
NEM UCDOSL 
• 4 REGIS IRV KM ILL 
'EsnmATE•
SO. 
..,WISlernACETELLAACT TRADE-IN
SO. 
• 
' , OWID 'Went! 7 0 virtvicAnios,
S46,350. 
CAEN BALANCE DUE 
POI UL PA 
PATTIE% I - DEPOSi I 
$46,350.
Aoorno• i- EDI • 
El 
$0. 
CASH ON 
SO. 
LIEN HOLDER 
ADORE SS 
FL DOC STAMPS 
CITY 
STATE 
ZIP Co* 
AMOUNT FINANCED 
\CAYABLE Di 
: 1 A 
INSTALL YEATS OF y 
TOTAL 
SO, 
Is, n NOT an •••01C• Tow A an °now, 
y, *no way • Poi *yams Iftst psysent bat bean made by wachswe nags* 'Knew 
I Wm ', WIWI' WOW PAI en" 
(na ,  Payn.I .1 I onna nab ceeplete Ow minium 
READ CONDITIONS ON REVERSE SIDE 
A - FOR OFF ROAD 
• kawsTERITSA 
RESPOWPWA TOR 4111.444 FRCORDWI pN IPA oak 
CASH, CERTIFIED OR CASHIER'S CHECK 
UPON DELIVERY ON LOCAL BANK ONLY. 
*ALL REDATES AND INCENTIVES HAVE 
I -Dm 
APPL LED 7.) THE SALE PRICE 
DO NOT SON THIS FORM IN BLANK 
WO TIC MAMA FIWETTO ON 11R SACK *MO( AND Ka 
TO IT AS A 
own 00 The ERMA IMB SANS ASP IT WIRE PS. Tt D WSW MV SWEEP el
Alt IT MOWS* OM ENTIRE AOREEIMNT 
Ib 
raw .worpawl lid• Pa I ••• On Ole 10.10 •••• IN NI VIM • y44 mot •• aid on Oa( ••lia 
6-• 'teary,  a! 
a4•• *Elbe din 
- STREET LEGAL 
PAT Arnow" so newt I4040.40•0 Minn -c•1• 9••.•4 try tam We •••••• 
WON •••• MOI•Oty•• 
•o••••••• &Pat, R• Ma • net occomaral• I N 
WOO 
are 
ye. nleti..KY Sake; ••••••410 Sal Wpr role •AwIWAYWI 
IS -••••••••• ••“•• 
1444.1u•Aw 0 SAWA/I. 
OuRCAMICII a SWITAI4Rt 
EFTA00593377

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593378.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
Phoenix. AZ 850294708 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas Cam Collect 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
HNHWEX 
Travel Arrangements for: 
SHULIAK1KARYNA 
Agent ID. M9 
ITINERARY 
Generated: March 1.2013 06:19 PM 
Page 1 of 3 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing 
authorization is received. Please contact your travel office by 11:59 PM on March 01,or this entire 
reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details: 
Sunday March 3, 2013 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
JET BLUE 
Flight: 
992 
Departure: 
4:20 pm 
West Palm Beach. FL 
Arrival: 
7:09 pm 
New York JFK. NY 
Arrival Termiial: 
TERMINAL 5 
Seat 
18A 
Class: 
Economy 
Additional Information: 
Airline Ftecord Locator 
OAGKLF 
Equipment 
Airbus A320 
Estimated Time: 
HR 49 MIN 
Distance: 
1.028 Mies 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-------------------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 72 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS - 
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
'------------------
Lim 
EFTA00593378
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels & 
Resorts program • an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service. you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check•in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your slay. 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Four Seasons Hotel New York 
New York, NY 10022, United States 
The New York Palace 
The Peninsula New York 
The Ritz-Carlton New York. Central Park 
New York, NY 10022, United States 
New York, NY 10019, United States 
New York, NY 10019, United States 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00593379
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures cr advertisements desalt:4,g any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the teams and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. iicluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your hip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public Internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or. a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
California CSTa1022318.10. Rhode Island ML#1192. Washington UBIII600.469894, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA00593380

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593381.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593381.pdf
----------------------------------------
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
FOI/PA 
DELETED PAGE INFORMATION SHEET 
FOI/PA# 1203982-1 
Total Deleted Page(s) = 305 
Page 5 - 
Page 8 
Page 21 - 
Page 22 
Page 23 
Page 24 
Page 25 
Page 26 
Page 27 
Page 28 
Page 29 
Page 30 
Page 31 
Page 32 
Page 33 
Page 34 
Page 35 
Page 36 
Page 39 
Page 41 
Page 43 
Page 51 
Page 52 
Page 53 
Page 54 
Page 55 
Page 56 
Page 57 
Page 58 
Page 59 
Page 60 
Page 61 
Page 62 
Page 63 
Page 64 
Page 65 
Page 66 
Page 67 
Page 68 
Page 69 
Page 70 
Page 
M
Page 
M
Page 73 
Page 74 
Page 78 
Page 79 
Page 85 
b6; b7C; 
b6; b7C; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
Duplicate 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
b6; b7C; b7D; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
- to 31E-MM-108062-1A3; 
EFTA00593381

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593382.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593382.pdf
----------------------------------------
*•** FILED: BROWARD COUNTY. FL Ho6ard C. Forman. CLERK I I/16/2015 1:59:28 PM.nn 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 17111
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR 
BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, and 
CASE NO. CACE 15-000072 G y ef) 
PAUL G. CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs, 
v. 
ALAN DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant. 
ORDER ON BOLES, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP AND JANE DOE NO. 3's MOTIONS 
TO QUASH SUBPOENAS OR FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 
This Cause comes before the Court on November 2, 2015 upon Boies, Schiller & Flexner 
LLP's Motion to Quash Subpoena Or For Protective Order and Jane Doe No. 3's Motion to Quash 
Subpoena Or For Protective Order. 
Having reviewed the record and being otherwise fully advised, the Court hereby Orders: 
I. Non-Party Law Firm Boies, Schiller & Flexner LLP's Motion to Quash Subpoena is 
GRANTED. The subpoena to Boies, Schiller & Flexner LLP is quashed in its entirety. 
2. Non-Party Jane Doe No. 3's Motion to Quash Subpoena or For Protective Order is 
Denied in Part, Granted in part, as follows: 
a. The Motion to Quash is Granted as to Requests Nos. 9, 17, 18, 20, and 23. The 
Motion is denied as to the remaining Requests. 
b. A Confidentiality Order shall be entered. 
c. The deposition of Jane Doe No. 3 shall be limited to 4 hours without prejudice 
to request for additional time in the future. 
d. The deposition will be taken at the law firm representing the witness, Boies, 
Schiller & Flexner LLP. 
EFTA00593382
--- PAGE 2 ---
e. There shall be a special master, paid by the Defendant, present at the 
deposition, to rule on objections. 
f. The Defendant Alan Dershowitz can be present at the deposition. 
g. The deposition will be limited to the issues of this case without prejudice for 
another deposition, if required, in the future. The issues and said limitations 
will be determined by the special master. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Broward County, Florida on this 1 2-ttaYof November, 
2015. 
Honorable Judge Thomas Lynch 
Circuit Judge 
cc: Counsel of Record 
EFTA00593383

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593384.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593384.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Wed. 13 January 2016 09:42:37 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page I of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator IVUSNU 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing authorization is received. Please contact your 
travel office by 11:59 PM on January 16. or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Tuesday 26 Jan 16 
CITIZENS OF ITALY MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Departure Terminal 
Aaival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Iberia 
IB3239 
Rome. 
Leonardo da Vinci International (Fiumicino) 
Madrid. 
Barajas 
07:50 AM 
10:20 AM 
Terminal 3 
Terminal 4 
O Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Flight Information 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 30 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A321 
Meal 
Food-Bev/Pur 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
1PC 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Iberia 
IB6123 
Madrid. 
Miami. 
11:50AM 
03:50 PM 
Terminal 4S 
O Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Barajas 
Miami International 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Equipment 
Meal 
Number of Stops 
Baggage 
Hrs 
Airbus Industrie A330-300 
Lunch Snack 
Non-stop 
1PC 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary IVUSNU 
E RICAN 
ID:PR E SS 
EFTA00593384
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Travel Details 
Thursday 04 Feb 16 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locato 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Operated By 
Iberia 
184634 
Miami. 
London, 
05:25 PM 
06:45 AM 105 Feb 2016 
Terminal 3 
Economy Class 
Unassigned 
British Airways 
Additional Messages 
Miami International 
London Heathrow 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 20 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 747400 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Baggage 
1PC 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS - 
• 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
• 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centwion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In. when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival. when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a $100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at bww.amer calle?.ress.z.:(11 
To book your stay, visit amertcanexpress.cemlfhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are nci eligible for upgrade: cat Centurion Travel Samos for details 
•• Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at www.allianzcom. Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includng, without limitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your slay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may cosh to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Page 2 of 3 
Itinerary IVUSNU 
EP3
EXPRESS 
EFTA00593385
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
Foley aM Frit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodicaty review www.Misacent91„coniremex for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requrements for your travel 
destnation. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Air Transportation Important saline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit haps:limyamextravel.comrstetc:conditions for more information. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard Swart in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids, oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit bitorrNmw fauoviebout/indintrvesbairraLsarety'. 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services, cessation of operations. accidents or 
failures of equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil 
unrest. strikes. dos. theft. disease. accidents or failures related to the pubic internet telecommunications lines or facilities. or third party technology systems. or any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you n finding travel suppliers and makrig arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppliers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncenbves for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supportng technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive. are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CAI IFORNIA• This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located n California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a dam with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your claim 
and a $35 processng fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001; Larkspur. CA 949774001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: unwricronfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thily (30) days of receiving the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser untess the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product andior date. 
California C.91111022319 Washington UBIN600-469-694. Iowa TA#669. 
Page 3 of 3 
Itinerary IVUSNU 
EFTA00593386

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593387.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEE 
DAYS PRESENCE 
2011 
Month 
US 
VI 
Other 
Total 
January 
February 
March 
April 
May 
June 
- 
July 
August 
September 
October 
November 
December 
Total 
166 
GVD 
As of 6/15/11 
I 
EFTA00593387

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593388.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593388.pdf
----------------------------------------
(b) 
[Meetings were conducted by Dan Zwim and Vasan 
Kesavan, in most cases by telephone.] 
(c) 
[Some investors made follow-up calls, mostly to Dan 
Zwim.] 
(d) 
The investors were told about all issues. 
F. 
Reasons DBZ initially decided not to disclose the management fee 
and plane expense issues to investors. 
1. 
Disclosure was not initially made to the investors because: 
(a) 
Both issues were discovered internally; DBZ's 
compliance procedures worked. 
(b) 
Investors had been made whole. 
(c) 
The wrongdoer (Gruss) was removed from the firm. 
(d) 
The management fee and plane expense issues (both 
individually and collectively) were determined to be 
immaterial from the perspective of the funds and the 
investors. 
D0C rD.10279525.5 
(I) 
Materiality was considered from both a legal and 
an accounting perspective. 
(ii) 
Materiality was considered from both a 
quantitative and qualitative perspective. 
(iii) 
From a quantitative perspective, the amounts 
involved were immaterial. 
a. 
For the plane: 
(1) 
The payments for the plane ($3.8 
million) represented approximately 
basis points ($3.8 million of 
DECCO_FTC0025499 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00593388
--- PAGE 2 ---
D0C ID.10279S25.5 
expenses out of $1.4 billion in AUM 
between the domestic fund ($900 
million) and HCMZ ($500 million). 
This was approximately 40 basis 
points out of the Highbridge 
managed account ($2 million out of 
total assets of $500 million); and 
approximately 20 basis points out of 
LP ($1.8 million out of total assets of 
$900 million). 
(2) 
The amounts were returned within 
days. 
The amount of interest necessary for 
compensation by the management 
company was very small. For 
example, the amount necessary to 
compensate LP was only $36,000 
out of approximately $900 million 
(about 1/3 of 1 basis point) in LP 
assets and the amount necessary to 
compensate HCMZ was less than 
$90,000 out of approximately $500 
million (about 2 basis points). 
b. 
For the management fees paid early: 
(1) 
The largest management fee taken 
early was $10.1 million. It was taken 
approximately 30 days early from 
each of the four funds in varying 
amounts (the largest of which was 
$5.2 million from Ltd.). This 
represents approximately 36 basis 
(3) 
DBZCO_FTC0025500 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00593389
--- PAGE 3 ---
points (of $2.81 billion of total fund 
assets under management). 
(2) 
Most of the amounts are significantly 
smaller. 
(3) 
[The smallest amount taken early 
was $82,950. It was taken 35 days 
early from TE, a fund with assets of 
approximately $246 million, 
representing about 3 basis points.) 
(4) 
The amount of interest necessary to 
compensate the funds was very 
small. For example, LP was 
compensated $189,478.27 in interest 
on approximately $900 billion in LP 
assets, which is 2 basis points. 
The interest paid to investors to 
compensate them for the early 
payment of management fees 
increased investor capital accounts 
by 1.5 basis points at the most. 
(iv) 
From a qualitative perspective, while the 
misconduct was by a control person, it was not 
for his personal benefit, and did not affect the 
portfolio or fund assets, nor did it overstate NAV. 
No one directed the payments other than Gruss, 
and he was going to be removed. Zwirn did not 
know about Gruss's actions. The investors were 
going to be told that Gruss had left the firm. 
G. 
DBZ has implemented a number of firm-wide changes. 
1. 
Substantial personnel improvements. 
00C O4=5253 
(5) 
DBZCO_FTC0025501 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00593390

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593391.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593391.pdf
----------------------------------------
CDEC 
Chicago Deferred Exchange Company 
WIRE 
TRANSFER 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Bank 
Bank of America 
ABA: 
Credit: 
Account No.: 
Further Credit To: 
Chicago, IL 60603 
CDEC Clearing Account 
Trust Account No.: 
Trust Name: LDB 2011 LLC/BMO Trustee 
Telephone Confirmation: 
Chicago Deferred Exchange Company, LLC 
n: ames arrios 
Eo r SO) idt 
cle &rater-
WWW.CDECIO3I.COM 
CHICAGO 
NEW YORK 
SAN DIEGO 
SAN FRANCISCO 
EFTA00593391

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593392.pdf
----------------------------------------
waggingtail enterainment limited 
Peggy Siegal Inc. 
NEW YORK CITY 10003 
INVOICE # PSI 1102 
April 28, 2011 
HRBK Associates 
TELEPHONE 
New York, NY 10065 
ATTN: Rich Kahn 
TERMS:PAYABLE UPON RECEIPT 
EVENT NAME: 
PR Services 
EVENT DATE: 
4/27/2011 
PR Services 
Administrative Fee (5%) 
bank wire info: 
waggingtail entertainment limited 
account 
Citibank,NA 
SORT 2410 routin 
$8,000.00 
SUBTOTAL 
$8,000.00 
$0.00 
$8,000.00 
$8,000.00 
A 2% LATE CHARGE WILL BE ADDED TO ALL INVOICES NOT PAID WITHIN 10 DAYS 
PLEASE MAKE CHECKS PAYABLE TO waggingtail entertainment limited 
Payable upon receipt of invoice 
TAX ID NO.: 
FACSIMILE 
EFTA00593392

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593393.pdf
----------------------------------------
Eye on the Market I November 19, 2012 
J.P.Morgan 
A case-dependent Thanksgiving for investors: credit, portfolio investing, cash, Congress, Iran and your blood pressure 
Be thankful for the Fed, if you invest in credit 
You should be thankful for the Federal Reserve if you invest in credit. By reducing rates to zero, the Fed unleashed a wave of 
interest in a variety of credit products: high grade bonds, high yield, leveraged loans, municipals, asset-backed securities, 
mezzanine debt, other private credit and distressed debt. So far this year, distressed debt is at or near the top of the hedge fund 
total return tables I have seen; as shown in the III chart, the universe of high yield bonds and loans trading below a dollar price 
of 80 has declined again as the rising tide in credit has lifted all boats. Among the distressed debt winners in 2012: recoveries 
after liquidation (Lehman, MF Global); converted equity stakes obtained during a Chapter 11 reorg (Capmark, Delphi); and debt 
gains after a restructuring that avoided bankruptcy (Realogy, Clear Channel, MGM). Corporate cash flow is generally in good 
shape, so the rally in spreads seems reasonable. In addition, the "quality" of the new issue market has been stable (20%-30% of 
all high yield issuance was rated B- or lower in 2011 and 2012, compared to 40%-60% during the credit bubble). However, 
given the rally in spreads, it looks like investors are in for carry instead of capital gains. In addition, while global and US default 
rates are low, they have already bottomed (2nd chart), and are expected to tick up by 0.5% or so in 2013. As a result, while we 
have been aggressive advocates of credit positions since the fall of 2008, return expectations have come down. 
US HY bonds and loans trading <= 80% of face value 
Percent 
50% 
Peak levels f Nov. '08) 
45% 
Bonds: 77% 
40% 
Bonds 
Loans: 81% 
35% 
30% 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
1994 1996 
1998 
2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 
Source: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. Standard and Pool's, S8P/LSTA 
Leveraged Loan Index. 
Corporate default rates low but already bottoming 
Last 12-month default rate, issuer-weighted 
14% 
US bonds 
2% 
0% 
1981 1984 1987 1990 1993 1996 1999 2002 2005 2008 2011 
Sou ce:J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Standard & Porn's. 
S&P global 
speculative grade 
default rate 
Be thankful for a long-term investment approach during the crisis; and that this cash-trashing_era is not that bad (yet) 
It hasn't been easy, but many portfolios that stuck to a balanced approach survived the crisis, and generated returns in excess of 
inflation. The 1' chart below shows a balanced portfolio comprised of various indices, rebalanced either quarterly or not at all. 
Owning enough duration in the wake of the crisis turned out to be critical, given the collapse in interest rates. Among the steps 
one might have taken to improve returns further: own less European or Japanese equities and more US or EM equities; and have 
a higher allocation to precious metals, which clobbered everything else. On cash: it is now presumed worthless given the level 
of rates. To be sure, cash has been losing purchasing power for 4 years running. However, in the scheme of historical cash-
trashing, this latest episode is not that bad. As shown, there have been times when inflation completely destroyed the value 
of cash (Civil War, WWI, WWII and 1970's). In that context, losing 5%-10% purchasing power on cash over the last 4 years 
isn't that bad. However, it would be brave to even guess the year in which policy interest rates set by the Fed will rise again. 
A balanced portfolio during and after the storm 
Portfolio total return Index,June 2007= 100 
As cash-trashing episodes go, this one is mild 
4-year cumulative real return on T-bills and commercial paper 
130 
40% 
Rebalanced quarterly 
120 
110 
100 
Jun-07 
Jun-08 
Jun-09 
Jun-10 
Jun-11 
Jun-12 
Sou ce: Bloomberg, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. It is notpossibleto 
invest directly in an index. 
No rebalancing 
45% Global Equity (MSCI) Index 
28% Barclays Agg. Gov/Credit Index 
12% Dow Jones Credit Suisse IF Index 
5% Barclays High Yield Index 
5% Dow Jones Precious Metals Index 
20% 
0°/ 
-20% 
-40% 
-60% 
•80% 
1834 1851 1868 1885 1902 1919 1936 1953 1970 1987 2004 
Source: What Was the Interest Rate Then?", Un iversity of Illinois at 
Chicago, Lawrence Officer, 2011. Reinhart and Rogott. 
EFTA00593393
--- PAGE 2 ---
Eye on the Market I November 19, 2012 
J.P.Morgan 
A case-dependent Thanksgiving for investors: credit, portfolio investing, cash, Congress, Iran and your blood pressure 
Be thankful if you are not a member of the US Congress in the next 10 years... 
...since you would have to figure this out whether you like it or not. Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid spending are 
gradually crowding out the kind of discretionary spending that help shape a country's future: energy, education at all levels, 
teacher and worker retraining, and ground and air transportation infrastructure. The table to the right of the chart below shows 
the OMB's estimated dollar amount for each category in 2017 relative to its historical peak. These declines are measured in 
nominal dollars, so in real terms the declines are even worse. Legislators could of course decide to raise taxes on the wealthy to 
pay for it all. However, to reduce the deficit to 3% by 2022 and not touch any of these expenditures, it would take a plan that 
raises (through tax rate increases and deduction curtailment) four times more revenue than the plan the President proposed to 
Congress last year. And then after 2022, entitlement spending accelerates again. This is the Boiling Frog problem that lay 
inside the budget projections. They don't call it the third rail of American politics for nothing. 
The Boiling Frog 
Percentof GDP 
25% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
1972 1976 1980 1984 1988 1992 1996 2000 2004 2008 2012 2016 2020 
Source: CBO, OMB, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. 
Other mandatory spending 
IS 
Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid 
The crowding out of discretionary spending 
Estimated 2017 level 
/ 
CatepoN 
vs. historical peak 
Energy 
33% 
Education 
69% 
Teacher and worker retraining 
86% 
Transportation infrastructure: 
Ground transportation 
4% 
Air transportation 
9% 
Be thankful if you sit down for Thanksgiving a year from now. and the issue below has not vet erupted into conflict 
Despite crippling sanctions that appear to be causing substantial economic damage in Iran, such sanctions have not slowed the 
pace of uranium enrichment. If anything, the pace appears to be accelerating now that new facilities are on-line. As Henry 
Kissinger wrote last week, "once the requisite amount of fissile material has been produced, constructing and equipping a 
warhead is a relatively short and technologically straightforward process, almost certainly impossible to detect in a timely 
fashion". Over the last few months, almost all of our contacts in Washington have told us the same thing, which is that the US 
defense establishment has little interest in military confrontation with Iran, and has doubts about its effectiveness' were it to 
happen, even with the use of massive ordnance penetration bombs. But this issue could clearly take on a life of its own. 
Iranian enrichment marches on despite crippling 
sanctions, 19.75% enriched uranium stockpile (kg) 
160 
140 • 
120 • 
100 -
• 
• 
-
Minimum required for 
nuclear weapon production 
Additional capacity from 
Fordow on top of Natanz 
/ 
Projected 
Drawdown to 
replenish reactor fuel 
Feb-10 
Nov-10 
Aug-11 
May-12 
Feb.13 
Source: International Atomic Energy Agency. Bipartisan Policy Center. 
Estimated penetration depth of massive ordnance 
penetration weapons, Cumulative meters penetrated 
140 
120 
100 
Base case 
Estimated depth of mission 
space at Fordow 
Denser soil and more gravel collapse 
Missile number (assumed fired at the same location) 
Source: Columbia University School of International and Public Affairs. 
I The most powerful conventional weapon in the US arsenal is the Massive Ordnance Penetration device (MOP), a 30,000 pound bomb with 
5,000 pounds of explosives. It travels at twice the speed of sound, and is designed to penetrate rock and concrete before detonating. However, 
it might require 4 MOPs, dropped in succession by B-2s in the same exact spot, to destroy Fordow. That's the base case that Austin Long at 
Columbia University walked me through (see bio in notes). His Fordow calculations are a function of soil hardness/density, the MOP's 
mass and impact velocity, its cone shape, and the percentage of each penetration that collapses back in as "spoil", blocking the hole created 
by previous weapons. Higher soil density and gravel collapse estimates could require 2-3 more MOPs, as indicated in the chart. 
EFTA00593394
--- PAGE 3 ---
Eye on the Market I November 19. 2012 
J.P.Morgan 
A case-dependent Thanksgiving for investors: credit, portfolio investing, cash, Congress, Iran and sour blood pressure 
Home for the Holidays 
The holiday season is approaching, which some people describe 
as being more stressful than it sounds given family dynamics. 
Here's something to help you get through it: evidence that 
forgiveness is good for your health. People who demonstrate 
high scores on a Forgiving Personality inventory measure and 
an Acts of Forgiveness scale also show considerably less stress, 
measured by the product of one's heart rate and systolic blood 
pressure. The evidence is from a study in which participants 
were asked to talk about instances of family betrayal involving 
a relative. Their physiological measurements were taken at 
different times during the interview, and are plotted in the chart. 
Have a good start to the holiday season. 
Michael Cembalest 
J.P. Morgan Asset Management 
Notes. Austin Long is an Assistant Professor at the School of International and Public Affairs and a Member of the Arnold A. Saltzman Institute of War and 
Peace Studies at Columbia University. Long previously worked at the RAND Corporation where he authored reports for the Carnegie Corporation. Marine 
Corps Intelligence Activity, and the Office of the Secretary of Defense. While at RAND. he was an analyst and adviser to Multinational Force Iraq's Task 
Force 134/Detention Operations and the I Marine Expeditionary Force. In 2011 he was an analyst and adviser to Combined Forces Special Operations 
Component Command Afghanistan. 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tat advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tat matters contained 
herein (including any attachments)is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or 
recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tat-related 
penalties. Note that J.P. Morgan is not a licensed insurance provider. 
The material contained herein is intended as a general marker commentary. Opinions expressed herein are those of Michael Cembalest and may differ from those of other J.P. 
Morgan employees and affiliates. This information in no way constitutes1P. Aforgan research and should not be treated as such. Further. the views expressed herein may differ 
from that contained in J.P. Morgan research reports. The above summary,pricesiquoteststafistics have been obtained from sources deemed to be reliable. bur we do not 
guarantee their accuracy or completeness. any yield referenced is indicative and subject to change. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. References to the 
performance or character of our portfolios generally refer to our Balanced Model Portfolios constructed by J.P. Morgan. It is a proxy for client performance and may nor 
represent actual transactions or investments in client accounts. The model portfolio can be implemented across brokerage or managed accounts depending on the unique 
objectives of each client and is serviced through distinct legal entities licensed for specific activities. Bank. trust and investment management services are provided by JP 
Morgan Chase Bank. NA. and its affiliates. Securities are offered through I.P. Morgan Securities LLC (JPMS). Member NYSE. FINRA and SIPC, and its affiliates globally as 
local legislation permits. Securities products purchased or sold through JPMS are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (-FDIC"): are not deposits or 
other obligations of its bank or thrift affiliates and are not guaranteed by its bank or thrift affiliates: and are subject to investment risks. including possible loss of the principal 
invested. Not all investment ideas referenced are suitable for all investors. Speak with wurJ.P. Morgan Representative concerning your personal situation. This material is not 
intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument. Private Investments may engage in leveraging and other speculative practices that may 
increase the risk of investment loss. can be highly illiquid. are not required to provide periodic pricing or valuations to investors and may involve complex tax structures and 
delays in distributing important tax information. Typically-such investment ideas can only be offered to suitable investors through a confidential offering memorandum which 
fully describes all terms conditions. and risks. High yield bonds are speculative non-investment grade bonds that have higher risk of default or other adverse credit events 
which are appropriate for high-risk investors only. Investments in commodities carry greater volatility than investments in traditional securities. There are additional risks 
associated with international investing and may not be suitable for all investors. This material is distributed with the understanding that J.P. Morgan is nor rendering 
accounting. legal or tar advice. You should consult with your independent advisors concerning such matters. 
Low forgiveness 
individuals (FR AF) 
High forgiveness 
Individuals (FP, AF) 
Forgiveness can be good for your health 
Product of heart rate and blood pressure 
103 -
101 -
99-
-
- 
• 
FP= Forgiving 
Personaky Inventory, 
acharacter 
assessment rating 33 
items on a Likerl scale 
AF = Acts of 
Forgiveness Scale, 
which assesses 45 
responses to specific 
offenses 
Beginning 
Middle 
End 
Timing of measurement during Interview 
Source: "Joirnal of Behavioral Medicine. Volume 26. No. 5" 
Bank products and services are offered byJPMorgan Chase Bank. NA. and its affiliates. Securities are offered by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. member NYSE. FINRA and 
SIPC and other affiliates globally as local legislation permits. 
In the United Kingdom. this material is approved by J.P. Morgan International Bank Limited (JPMIB) with the registered office located a
Canary Wharf. 
London EN 5JP. registered in England No. 03838766 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority. In addition. this material may be distributed by: 
!Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (JPMCB) Paris branch. which is regulated by the French banking authorities Auto rite de Contralti Prudentiel and Almeria des Marches 
Financiers: J.P. Morgan (Suisse)SA. regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority: JPMCB Bahrain branch. licensed as a conventional wholesale bank by 
the Central Bank of Bahrain (for professional clients only): JPAfCB Dubai branch. regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. 
In Hong Kong. this material is distributed by JPMorgan Chase Bank. NA. (JPMCB) Hong Kong branch except to recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore branch 
and where this material relates to a Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funds such as private equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed by J.P. 
Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited (JPMSAPL). Both JPMCB Hong Kong branch and JPMSAPL are regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. 
In Singapore, this material is distributed by JPMCB Singapore branch except to recipients having an account at JPAfCB Singapore branch and where this material relates to a 
Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funds such as a private equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed by LP. Morgan (SEA.) limited (IPMSEAL). 
Both JPMCB Singapore branch and JPAfSEAL are regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Each recipient of this presentation. and each agent thereof may disclose to any person. without limitation. the US income and franchise tax treatment and tax structure of the 
transactions described herein and may disclose all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) provided to each recipient insofar as the materials relate to a 
US income or franchise tar strategy provided to such recipient by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries. Should you have any questions regarding the information 
contained in this material or about J.P. Morgan products and services. please contact your J.P. Morgan private banking representative. Additional information is available 
upon request. "J.P. Morgan" is the marketing name for JPAforgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. This material may not be reproduced or 
circulated without J.P. Morgan's authority. 0 2012 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved. 
EFTA00593395

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593396.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Travel Arrangements for: 
Record Locator: 
Travel Details 
Friday November 16, 2012 
Flight Information 
Centurion Travel Service 
2421 West Peoria Avenue MIS AZ38-03-01 
Phoenix, AZ 85029-4708 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas Call Collect -
Page 1 of 3 
Generated: November 13, 2012 03:39 PM 
Agent ID: N9 
"`Itinerary...
Airline: 
VIRGIN AMERICA 
Equipment 
Airbus A320 
Right: 
404 
Estimated time: 
HR 19 MIN 
Departure: 
7:40 am 
Los Angeles. CA 
Distance: 
2.475 Mies 
Arrival: 
3:59 pm 
New York JFK. NY 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
Arrival Terms-tat 
TERMINAL 4 
Seat 
21A 
Class: 
Economy 
Airline Record Locators 
Airline Reference 
Additional Information 
Additional Messages 
Carrier 
VIRGIN AMERICA 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
-------------------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
• 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 72 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS - 
• 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
• 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AP
I 
hi•
F0ON: 
PPR ESS 
EFTA00593396
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels 8 
Resorts program - an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check-in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Mandarin Oriental, New York 
Columbus Circle at 60th Street 
New York, NY 10023, United States 
The London NYC 
151 West 54th Street 
New York, NY 10019, United States 
The Lowell 
East 63rd Street 
New York. NY 10065, United States 
Trump SoHo New York 
246 Spring Street 
New York. NY 10013, United States 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00593397
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and 
conditions set forth on any brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise, accommodations, transportation or other services, and 
to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such services including, without limitation, all cancellation and change fees. No 
employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the terms and conditions. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively, "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public Internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, Including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001; Larkspur, CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at: 
unwelcrcinfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101, Las Vegas, Nevada 89104, Phone: 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kletzke Lane, Building B, Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone. 
Fax: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
Rhode Island Registration Number: FAL#1192: Nevada Seller of Travel Registration No.: NV#2001-0126: Iowa: TA# 002 Registered Iowa 
Travel Agency 
EFTA00593398

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593399.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Travel Arrangements for: 
Record Locator: 
Travel Details 
Friday November 16, 2012 
Flight Information 
Centurion Travel Service 
2421 West Peoria Avenue MIS AZ38-03-01 
Phoenix, AZ 85029-4708 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas Call Collect -
Page 1 of 3 
Generated: November 13, 2012 03:39 PM 
Agent ID: N9 
"`Itinerary...
Airline: 
VIRGIN AMERICA 
Equipment 
Airbus A320 
Flight: 
404 
Estimated time: 
HR 19 MIN 
Departure: 
7:40 am 
Los Angeles. CA 
Distance: 
2.475 Mies 
Arrival: 
3:59 pm 
New York JFK. NY 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
Arrival Termnal: 
TERMINAL 4 
Seat 
21A 
Class: 
Economy 
Airline Record Locators 
Airline Reference 
Carrier 
GMNBUR 
VIRGIN AMERICA 
Additional Information 
Additional Messages 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
-------------------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
• 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 72 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS - 
• 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
• 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AJV
IEFOCIV4 
0:PRESS 
EFTA00593399
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels 8 
Resorts program - an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check-in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Mandarin Oriental, New York 
Columbus Circle at 60th Street 
New York, NY 10023, United States 
The London NYC 
151 West 54th Street 
New York, NY 10019, United States 
The Lowell 
East 63rd Street 
New York. NY 10065, United States 
Trump SoHo New York 
246 Spring Street 
New York. NY 10013, United States 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00593400
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and 
conditions set forth on any brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise, accommodations, transportation or other services, and 
to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such services including, without limitation, all cancellation and change fees. No 
employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the terms and conditions. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively, "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public Internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, Including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001; Larkspur, CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at: 
unwelcrcinfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101, Las Vegas, Nevada 89104, Phone: 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kletzke Lane, Building B, Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone. 
Fax: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
Rhode Island Registration Number: FAL#1192: Nevada Seller of Travel Registration No.: NV#2001-0126: Iowa: TA# 002 Registered Iowa 
Travel Agency 
EFTA00593401

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593402.pdf
----------------------------------------
"Municipal bond market outlook: Navigating uncertainty in today's environment" Webcast 
Speaker Bios 
About Megan McClellan 
Megan McClellan serves as U.S. Head of Fixed Income for J.P. Morgan Private Bank, overseeing the development of 
customized solutions, including cash trading, derivatives and structures, for high-net-worth individuals. 
With a team of 50 investment professionals serving clients, the Fixed Income business under Ms. McClellan's 
leadership represents more than $174 billion in total client assets. The Fixed Income business is recognized as a 
leader in creating innovative discretionary and brokerage solutions aligned with private client needs globally. 
Ms. McClellan is a voting member of the Private Bank Global Investment Committee, serving as an asset class leader 
for fixed income. On the Investments Team, Ms. McClellan drives the Private Bank's global interest rate and credit 
views and is responsible for fixed income allocation within the context of overall portfolio construction. Ms. McClellan 
also has a leadership role on the Private Bank's Opportunistic Investments Committee, which drives best-thinking across tactical 
investments for brokerage clients. She also serves on the Asset & Liability Committee, responsible for oversight of banking and 
mortgage management. 
Prior to joining the Private Bank, Ms. McClellan was a senior trader at J.P. Morgan investment bank, where she ran the prime non-agency 
mortgage-backed securities book. During her tenor at the investment bank, Ms. McClellan was successful in adapting the firm's trading 
business to volatile markets, and worked closely with institutional investors, ranging from central banks to mutual and hedge funds. 
Before joining J.P. Morgan, Ms. McClellan worked as a proprietary trader at a hedge fund, where she focused on mortgage backed 
securities and interest rates. Prior to that, she worked in fixed income trading at a global investment bank, where her experience 
included government bonds and interest rate derivatives in the U.S., and global structured interest rates in London. 
Ms. McClellan is a graduate of NYU Stern School of Business (MBA) and the University of Chicago (B.S., Mathematics). She volunteers 
with the SPCA of Westchester County, with an education and community development project in Guatemala, and serves as a career 
mentor for the Phillips Academy alumni network. She resides in Westchester County, New York with her husband. 
Ms. McClellan's comments have appeared in the Financial Times, The Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg and Reuters. She is a regular guest 
on CNBC and Bloomberg TV. 
About Heather Loomis 
I 
t 
Heather Loomis is the Senior Fixed Income Portfolio Manager for J.P. Morgan Private Bank covering the Western and 
Southern portion of the United States. A member of the Fixed Income Portfolio Management Team since 2003, 
Heather is responsible for overseeing approximately $9 billion in assets. She is in charge of investments for the tax 
aware and taxable fixed income businesses and manages assets for both individuals and institutions. Prior to joining 
J.P. Morgan, Heather was a proprietary equity trader at First New York Securities in Manhattan. Heather graduated 
Phi Beta Kappa from Duke University with a degree in Economics and Spanish. She is a holder of Series 7, 55 and 63 
certifications. 
About Richard Taormina 
Richard D. Taormina is Head of the Tax Aware Fixed Income Group, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. An employee 
since 1997, Rick has over 20 years of experience as a municipal bond manager. Rick joined the firm as a state-
specific mutual fund manager and strategist and has been head of the municipal strategies group since 2005. He is 
responsible for managing all municipal and tax-aware mutual funds, high net worth and institutional fixed income 
accounts, and quantitative analysis. 
In 2001, Rick initiated a process that allows separately managed accounts to benefit from the power of the J.P. 
Morgan platform, including systematic strategic management, institutional level trade execution, and improved 
portfolio benchmarking. Rick also expanded the use of quantitative analysis and tools, allowing individuals to benefit 
from strategies previously available only to institutional and taxable buyers. Prior to joining the firm, Rick was a 
senior trader for national, high-yield, and state-specific funds at the Vanguard Group, where the team consistently performed in the top-
quartile. Rick holds a B.A. in Economics from the University of Delaware, an M.B.A. in Finance from Wilmington College, and is a Certified 
Financial Planner (CFP). 
J.P. Morgan 
EFTA00593402

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593403.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593403.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 15' JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN. 
CASE NO. 
502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS. individually and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
INITIAL MEMORANDUM IN OPPOSITION TO DISOUALIFICATION 
COMES NOW Fred Haddad. as co-counsel for Jeffrey Epstein, and files his Initial 
Memorandum in Opposition to Disqualification and would state as follows: 
The Court will hear further testimony and obviously argument on Edwards' Motion to 
Disqualify on November 26. The undersigned will present a short memorandum at this time in 
support of opposition to Edwards' Motion. 
In his Response in opposition to the Motion, the undersigned observed what basically, save 
the testimony of Edwards, still holds true "[T]he present Motion to Disqualify the undersigned 
contains no affidavits, no citation to applicable Florida Bar Rule, nor any case law . . ." hence the 
undersigned is still in essence replying in the blind. Since that October 1 filing Edwards still has not 
graced the Court nor the opposition with any authority for his postulations. 
Coral Reef of Key Biscayne Developers. Inc. V. Lloyds. 911 So.2d 155 (Fla. 3rd DCA 2005). 
was a situation where the trial court disqualified counsel as that Court determined the "petitioner's 
counsel acquired useful information and an unfair tactical advantage from privileged documents 
afforded by a court order, which was subsequent]) quashed by this court" [the Third District Court 
of Appeals]. The District Court. however, then quashed the order of disqualification. 
The Appellate Court began its opinion decisio t with the following observation: 
Florida courts have consistently held that disqualification of a party's 
chosen counsel is an extraordinary remedy. See Whitener v. First 
Union Nat'l Bank of Fla. 901 So. 2d 366 (Fla. 5th DCA 2005); 
Page I of 14 
EFTA00593403
--- PAGE 2 ---
Alexander v. Tandem Staffing Solutions. Inc., 881 So. 2d 607 (Fla. 
4th DCA 2004); Cunningham v. Appel, 831 So. 2d 214 (Fla. 5th DCA 
2002); Allstate Ins. Co. v. Bourne, 817 So. 2d 994 (Fla. 4th DCA 
2002); Arcara v. Philip Al. Warren. P.A., 574 So. 2d 325 (Fla. 4th 
DCA 1991). Moreover, motions for disqualification are viewed with 
skepticism because disqualification impinges on a party's right to 
employ a lawyer of choice. and such motions are often brought for 
tactical purposes. Alexander, 881 So. 2d at 609. Since the remedy of 
disqualification strikes at the ;team of one of the most important 
associational rights, it must be emplcwed only in extremely limited 
circumstances. Kusch V. Ballard. 645 So. 2d 1035 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1994). [Emphasis supplied] 
Edwards and his co-counsel Scarola alleged the following in his Motion to Disqualify 
[paragraphs 2. 3, 4 and 51: 
2. The subject matter of the representation [Haddad 
representing Russell Adler] included matters directly related to 
circumstances at issue in this proceeding. including specifically the 
legitimacy of the prosecutions against Mr. Epstein and the extent to 
which members of the RRA firm other than Rothstein knew of and 
participated in the Ponzi scheme orchestrated by Rothstein. 
3. In the course of Mr. Iladdad's representation of Mr. Adler, 
Mr. Haddad was afforded unrestricted access to the files of RRA 
including the litigation files generated in the course of prosecuting 
claims against the counter-defendant, Jeffrey Epstein. 
4. Included among the Epstein files are materials protected 
by attorney-client and work product privilege. Those privileges have 
been consistently asserted in the context of this litigation to protect 
the interests of RRA's former clients who continue to be represented 
by Mr. Edwards in a currently pending Federal Court action. 
5. Mr. Haddad's access to materials to which he is denied 
access in the context of this litigation creates an irreconcilable 
conflict of interest which prejudices the counter-plaintiff and 
compromises the counter-plaintiffs obligations to preserve the 
confidences of his clients. 
Of course, through the Response the undersigned filed the attached deposition of Adler in 
this matter and the pleadings of the Receiver in Bankruptcy. and considering as well the recently 
Page 2 of 14 
EFTA00593404
--- PAGE 3 ---
filed affidavit of Adler and Edwards own e-mail and Motion to Continue filed in the Epstein cases 
that -RRA- was handling, which were the subject of inquiry when Edwards testified before this 
Court [and attached hereto]. it is clear, as Adler will testify, Haddad never had any access to any file 
or materials as alleged in the Motion. 
Haddad represented Adler in a "clawback" claim by the aRRA" trustee in Federal Bankruptcy 
Court and then in certain Florida Bar matters, which, inter alia, concerned the purchase of a New 
York cooperative apartment. This is ongoing by virtue of the Florida Bar's appeal of the decision 
of Judge Luca Chernow Brown. It concerns Edwards or Epstein in no way whatsoever. Thus the 
claims of Edwards are without merit. 
While the undersigned would assert there has been no disclosure of any privilege 
information, valuing the speculations of Edwards as he testified at hearing, the most that can be 
asserted is a fear of inadvertent disclosure for some nonexisting reason. 
Returning to the Coral Reef supra decision, the Court stated: 
We review whether the trial court departed from the essential 
requirements of law in disqualifying •he petitioner's counsel. See 
Schultz v. Schultz. 783 So. 2d 329, 330 (Fla. 4th DCA 2001). 
Although the trial court's discretion is limited by applicable legal 
principles, this court will not disturb the trial court's findings of fact 
unless those findings are not supported by competent substantial 
evidence. Id. 
Florida courts have squarely addressed the standard for 
disqualification of counsel due to the receipt of privileged documents 
through "inadvertent disclosure? See Sinclair, 731 So. 2d 845 at 846; 
Abamar Housing & Dev.. Inc. v. Lisa Daly Lady Decor, Inc., 724 So. 
2d 572 (Fla. 3d DCA 1998). In "inadvertent disclosure" cases, 
disqualification of counsel may result if the attorney receiving the 
documents gains an unfair tactical advantage by virtue of that 
disclosure. See Abamar. 724 So. 2d at 573. The trial court applied 
this standard in its order disqualifying the petitioner's attorneys. 
[Emphasis supplied] 
The Court addressed the higher standard when a Court ordered disclosure occurred, but then 
observed: 
Notably, many courts also emphasize that due to the 
extraordinary nature of disqualification, even if a lawyer violates a 
Page 3 of 14 
EFTA00593405
--- PAGE 4 ---
disciplinary rule or engages in unethical conduct to retrieve the 
privileged documents, the riartv seeking disqualification must 
demonstrate that the opposing counsel's conduct caused sever 
prejudice that warrants disqualification. See. e.g., ?Vida, 92 S.W.3d 
419, 45 Tex. Sup. Ct. J. 571; In Re Bivens, 2005 WL 980589 (Tex. 
App. 2005); Holland v. The Gordy Co., 2003 WL 1985800 (Mich. Ct. 
App. 2003); Kusch, 645 So. 2d 1035. [Emphasis supplied] 
The Third District concluded: 
Disqualification is a severe measure, and the respondent failed 
to meet its burden of showing that disqualification is necessary 
because the trial court lacks any lesser means to alleviate the harm. 
See Bowne, 817 So. 2d at 999: Swensen's Ice Cream Co. v. Voto. Inc., 
652 So. 2d 961. 962 (Fla. 4th DCA 1995). Since we are dealing with 
privileged documents, we decline to set out in this opinion the 
specific procedures to be implemented to preserve the confidentiality 
of the information. We leave this to the trial court for determination, 
noting only that there are various measures that the trial court could 
employ, such as returning the documents to the respondent, 
destroying the copies, and/or restricting evidence related to the 
privileged information. 
It bears repeating that we do not face a situation where a 
lawyer obtained privileged information inadvertently and then utilized 
it improperly. Undoubtedly, there are some situations when a party's 
lawyer reviews another party's privileged documents outside the 
normal course of discovery and, therefore, must be disqualified. See 
Abamar, 724 So. 2d at 574 (finding that the respondent's inadvertent 
disclosure of documents, followed by the plaintiffs recalcitrance in 
rectifying the disclosure, warranted disqualification of plaintiffs 
counsel). 
At bench, the undersigned has already, before even presenting Adler's testimony, established 
that he never had access to any Epstein RRA files in any way. 
It need be remembered, also, that in his Answers to Interrogatories in this matter, filed long 
before the undersigned appeared as trial counsel or the bringing of the Motion to Disqualify the 
undersigned. Edwards stated under oath that Adler had no actual involvement in the case. Adler's 
deposition [quoted in the Response] confirms that as does the affidavit filed as part of the record 
herein. Thus we assert the Motion to Disqualify is "for tactical purposes", that is to not have the 
Page 4 of 14 
EFTA00593406
--- PAGE 5 ---
undersigned try the case. 
At the recent hearing, Edwards asserted Adler was present at meetings and set out his "new 
claim" against undersigned counsel since the assertions of the Motion of access to files were baseless 
as follows: 
A. 
It was more than just from time to time. Russell Adler knew 
what was going on with the cases, we had Epstein meetings 
where myself, former Judge Bill Berger. Russ Adler, other 
members of the firm would talk about Epstein. talk strategy 
about Epstein. Our mental impressions were out on the table, 
so to speak, discovery, strategy was discussed. Not only that, 
the intimate details of our clients was discussed. Things that 
all fall into the parameter of work product privilege and 
attorney-client privilege, and that's just in-person 
communication. 
In addition to in-person communications with Mr. Adler on 
a regular basis regarding these cases, was there also a 
computer program at if:: firm called Q Task? 
A. 
Yes. 
He then described Q Task project [testimony, page 6] and stated 
every case, I think, had 
a project within Q Task. Certain people who would give impact or input on cases were invited to 
the project". 
Then, in direct response to a question from his counsel that was phrased "Let's be very 
specific for Judge Crow. Did the Epstein project have a Q Task project associated with that easel)", 
and he answered "There was an Epstein project". 
The Epstein litigation at RRA, from the discovery in the instant case appears to concern three 
clients. These were the subject of discussion in Edwards' deposition in the instant case taken on 
March 23, 2010. Edwards describes Q Task [pages 40 - 62] and testified "there was never a project 
entitled to my recollection E.W. versus Jeffrey Epstein, L.M. versus Jeffrey Epstein, Jane Doe versus 
Jeffrey Epstein . . .
Edwards further stated 'And my answer is no, those titles are not, I don't 
believe were ever on Qtask" [deposition, page 52, see also pages 49-51]. 
While there may have been some Q Task entry or entity for Epstein, it did not apparently 
involve the clients that made up the crux of this litigation. 
Page 5 of 14 
EFTA00593407
--- PAGE 6 ---
And, while there was, since RRA was purportedly a "paperless law firm", a file for Epstein, 
Edwards testified that "Information that I inputted into Qtask was inputted into Qtask by me". When 
asked did he ever direct anyone else to put any additional information in with regard to those three 
claims against Epstein he stated "I don't believe so". 
With this background. Edwards speculates the undersigned could ask Adler for "any 
privileged information that Mr. Haddad wants" [testimony of Edwards October 25, 2012], without 
any basis of what. how or why the undersigned would want such information. 
The clients of Edwards have all settled with Epstein under confidential agreements of which 
the undersigned states as a lawyer before the Court, he has no knowledge. Epstein dismissed his 
claims against Edwards. Unless Edwards engaged in illegal or disbarable conduct, which he and 
Adler have vehemently denied, there is nothing to protect. Indeed, the settlements speak for 
themselves. There is no work product of import that would even be needed to defend Epstein, the 
actions of Edwards publicly in print and otherwise more than suffice. 
Further, as Edwards acknowledges if Adler were to testify in this matter, it would probably 
be as a character witness for Edwards [hearing. page 13]. 
Thus, aside from Mr. Edwards' speculation that Adler could possibly provide privileged 
information [which the Court by Order could prohibit. and which undersigned and Adler will testify 
has never occurred], there is nothing to support the Motion to Disqualify presently pending. 
In Waldrep v. Waldrep, 985 So.2d 700 (Fla. 4ih DCA 2008), the Fourth District Court of 
Appeals quashed an order disqualifying councel for an alleged conflict of interest. In that matter. 
attorney Cooper was representing certain Defendants against family members and a corporation, and 
disqualification was sought due to his apparently havirg represented everyone involved at one time 
or another. 
Since we have not yet received what bar rule or theory Edwards is preceding under if one 
exists, the undersigned has to extrapolate cases. In Waldrep, supra, the Court stated: 
Rule 4-1.9 of the Rules Regulating the Florida Bar states: 
A lawyer who has formerly represented a client in a 
matter shall not thereafter: 
(a) represent another person in the same or a 
Page 6 of 14 
EFTA00593408
--- PAGE 7 ---
substantially related matter in which that person's 
interests are materially adverse to the interests of the 
former client unless the former client gives informed 
consent; or 
(b) use information relating to the representation to 
the disadvantage of the former client except as rule 4-
1.6 would permit with respect to a client or when the 
information has become generally known. 
The "application of this Bar Rule creates an 'irrefutable 
presumption that confidences were disclosed' between the client and 
the attorney." Health Care & Ret Corp. of Am.. Inc. v. Bradley, 944 
So. 2d 508, 511 (Fla. 4th DCA 2006) (citing Gaton v. Health Coat, 
Inc.. 745 So. 2d 510.511 (Fla. 3d DCA 1999)). 
However, once an attorney-client relationship is shown, the 
party seeking disqualification must show that the current case 
involves the same subject matter or a substantially related matter 
in which the lawyer previously represented the moving party. Id. 
(quoting Key Largo Rest., Inc. v. T.H. Old Town Assocs., Ltd, 759 
So. 2d 690. 693 (Fla. 5th DCA 2000)). As this court has previously 
stated. "Before a client's former attorney can be disqualified from 
representing adverse interests, it must be shown that the matters 
presently invoked are substantially related to the matters in 
which prior counsel represented the former client." Campbell v. 
Am. Pioneer Say. Bank 565 So. 2d 417, 417 (Fla. 4th DCA 1990) 
(emphasis added). quoted in Health Care, 944 So. 2d at 512 
The Court reversed the disqualification of Mr. Cooper stating: 
Plaintiff made no showing at the evidentiary hearing that 
Cooper's representation of her and her husband while they were 
running the corporation. and his representation of her on personal 
matters thereafter, was "substantially related" to, or even had anything 
to do with, the matters that arc the subject of the instant lawsuit. 
There was no testimony indicating Cooper's prior representation of 
Plaintiff was involved in any way with Plaintiffs allegedly advancing 
fields toward the construction of Gary and Donna's residence, or with 
the lease pursuant to which Plaintiff rented her warehouse to the 
corporation. 
"Disqualification of a party's chosen counsel is an 
extraordinary remedy and should only be resorted to sparingly." 
Page 7 of 14 
EFTA00593409
--- PAGE 8 ---
Singer Island, Ltd. v. Budget Constr. Co., 714 So. 2d 651, 652 (Fla. 
4th DCA 1998), quoted in Health Care, 944 So. 2d at 511. Based on 
the evidence presented below, we conclude that disqualification in 
this case constituted a departure. 
The only client the undersigned had was Adler in matters singularly unrelated to Epstein or 
Rothstein's Ponzi scheme and after "RRA" imploded. Indeed there is no suggestion Epstein or 
Edwards or Adler had any knowledge of any Ponzi scheme and they certainly nothing to do with the 
Adler clawback or Bar issues. 
Another instructive case, depending upon what theory might ever be advanced by Edwards 
is Till Holdings, LLC v. Shattuck 37 FLW D1621(b) (Fla. 2n° DCA 2012). 
The Cow presented the facts: 
THI Holdings' local counsel filed a verified motion seeking to 
have Balassa admitted pro hac vice in Florida, and Balassa submitted 
an affidavit in support of the motion. The Estate filed a notice of 
objection to Balassa's admission. In that notice, the Estate did not 
contest any of the sworn representations contained in THI Holdings' 
motion or Balassa's affidavit. Instead, the sole basis for the Estate's 
objection was its assertion that Balassa had "irreconcilable conflicts 
of interest." However, the notice did not explain what conflicts the 
Estate believed existed or how it had standing to raise these alleged 
conflicts. 
At the hearing on Till Holdings motion to admit Balassa pro 
hac vice. the Estate argued that Balassa should not be admitted 
because he had previously represented two different entities who were 
also defendants in the Estate's action -- Trans Healthcare, Inc., and 
Trans Health Management. Inc. The Estate admitted that the alleged 
prior representation was in completely separate matters. Additionally, 
the Estate did not contend that these prior matters were substantially 
related to the current case. Moreover, the Estate did not argue that 
Balassa had ever represented either the Estate or any party related to 
the Estate in any matter whatsoever. Instead, it argued only that 
Balassa's prior representation of Trans Healthcare, Inc.. and Trans 
Health Management, Inc.. might result in these defendants raising 
Balassa's alleged conflict of interest at some point during the current 
litigation and that, if they did so. it would delay justice for the Estate. 
Notably, the Estate offered no evidence to support its stated concerns 
and relied solely on the arguments of counsel concerning these 
alleged potential conflicts of interest. [Foomote Omitted] 
Page 8 of 14 
EFTA00593410
--- PAGE 9 ---
In response. THI Holdings argued that the Estate's concerns 
did not impact the question of whether Balassa should be admitted 
pro hac vice. Further. THI Holdings argued that the Estate had no 
standing to raise alleged conflicts of interest between the various 
defendants. Nevertheless, the trial court denied THI Holdings' motion 
to have Balassa admitted pro hac vice. THI Holdings now seeks 
certiorari review of that order. 
The Court first rejected the denial of the pro haec vice admission then addressed the conflict 
issue: 
Second. even if Balassa's potential conflicts of interest were 
a relevant consideration when deciding a motion for admission pro 
hac vice, the Estate in this case did not have standing to raise the 
alleged conflicts. As a general proposition. a party .. . does not have 
standing to seek disqualification where, as here, there is no privity of 
contract between the attorney and the party claiming a conflict of 
interest." Cont7 Gas. Co. v. Przewoznik, 55 So. 3d 690, 691 (Fla. 3d 
DCA 2011); see also Anderson Trucking Serv.. Inc. v. Gibson, 884 
So. 2d 1046. 1050-51 (Fla. 5th DCA 2004). Here, as a matter of 
undisputed fact, there is no privity between the Estate and Balassa or 
his firm. And while there is a limited exception to this standing rule 
for parties who "stand in the shoes" of a former client, see State Farm 
Mut. Auto. Ins. Co. v. K.A.W., 575 So. 2.1630, 632-33 (Fla. 1991), the 
Estate cannot demonstrate that it has any shoes whatsoever in which 
to stand to seek disqualification of Balassa. Thus, even if potential 
conflicts of interest were properly considered by the trial court in 
making a pro hac vice admission determination, the Estate had no 
standing to raise those conflicts and thus could not use them as a basis 
to seek the denial of Balassa's admission. 
Third. even if the Estate could convince this court that it had 
standing to raise the disqualification issue, it cannot establish the 
legal requirements for disqualification. A party seeking to disqualify 
opposing counsel based on a conflict of interest must demonstrate 
that: 
(1) an attorney-client relationship existed, thereby 
giving rise to an irrefutable presumption that 
confidences were disclosed during the relationship, 
and (2) the matter in which the law firm subsequently 
represented the interest adverse to the former client 
was the same or substantially related to the matter in 
Page 9 of 14 
EFTA00593411
--- PAGE 10 ---
which it represented the former client. 
K.A.W., 575 So. 2d at 633; see also Kaplan v. Divosta Homes, L.P., 
So. 3d 459. 462 (Fla. 2d DCA 2009). 
Here, there is not now and never has been any attorney-client 
relationship between the Estate and Balassa. Further, none of the 
Estate's allegations show that the current litigation is "the same or 
substantially related to- Balassa's prior representation of Trans 
Healthcare, Inc.. or Trans Health Management, Inc. Thus, the Estate 
has not established either of the two required elements necessary to 
even attempt to successfully seek disqualification of Balassa. 
While this case, obviously is not directly on point, the sentiments, or rationale of the Court 
in adhering to the abhorrence of disqualification is persuasive. 
The Court in Bon Secours-Maria Manor Nursing Care Or. v. Seaman, 959 So.2d 774 (Fla. 
2e° DCA 2007), also reviewed and quashed an order disqualifying counsel. The Court succiently 
described the issue: 
In 2006, a potential conflict of interest arose when the Santa 
Lucia & Thomas law firm dissolved and Mr. Santa Lucia became a 
partner at the Quintairos law firm. Mr. Santa Lucia's move to the 
Quintairos law firm resulted in a situation where that firm was 
representing Bon Secours in a matter that was directly adverse to the 
interests of Ms. Seaman, their new partner's former client. Under 
these circumstances, a question arose concerning whether Mr. Santa 
Lucia's move to the Quintairos law firm should disqualify the firm 
from continuing to represent Bon Secours in the defense of the action 
brought by Ms. Seaman. This question became ripe for decision 
when Mr. Dinan-who continued to represent Ms. Seaman--filed a 
motion on her behalf to disqualify th4 Quintairos law firm from 
further representation of Bon Secours. 
The pertinent paragraph under the Bar rules was 4-1.10(b). The Court quoted the rule: 
(b) Former Clients of Newly Associated 
Lawyer. When a lawyer becomes associated with a 
firm, the firm may not knowingly represent a person 
in the same or a substantially related matter in which 
that lawyer. or a firm with which the lawyer was 
associated, had previously represented a client whose 
interests are materially adverse to that person and 
Page 10 of 14 
EFTA00593412
--- PAGE 11 ---
about whom the lcnsyer had acquired information 
protected by rules 4-1.6 [2] and 4-1.9(b) [3] that is 
material to the matter. 
R. Regulating Fla. Bar 4-1.10(b) (emphasis added). The comment to 
the rule explains: 
Subdivisions (b) and (c) operate to disqualify 
the firm only when the lawyer involved has actual 
knowledge of information protected by rules 4-1.6 and 
4-1.9(b). Thus. ifa lawyer while with I firm acquired 
no knowledge or information relating to a particular 
client of the firm and that lawyer later Joined another 
firm, neither the lawyer individually nor the second 
firm is disqualified from representing another client 
in the same or a related matter even though the 
interests of the 2 clients conflict. 
R. Regulating Fla. Bar 4-1.10 comment (emphasis added). 
[2] 
Rule 4-1.6 concerning "Confidentiality of 
Information" requires that "[a] lawyer shall not reveal 
information relating to representation of a client" 
except as stated in the rule "unless the client gives 
informed consent." 
[3] 
Rule 4-1.9 concerning "Conflict of Interest; 
Former Client" "provides that a lawyer who formerly 
represented a client shall not thereafter 'use 
information relating to the representation to the 
disadvantage of the former client except as rule 4-1.6 
would permit with respect to a client or when the 
information has become generally known.' " Scott, 
(citing rule 4-1.9(b)). 
The undersigned assumes the above is somewhere in the ballpark where Edwards will argue. 
However, based upon what's before the Court even at this juncture, the showing is insufficient. The 
Bon Secous Court then stated -the essential requirements of the law" holding: 
In Scott, this Court outlined a procedural road map for 
resolving the type of question presented by the facts of this case: 
((under Fla. R. Bar 4-1.10(b), in order to establish a 
Page 1 1 of 14 
EFTA00593413
--- PAGE 12 ---
prima facie case for disqualification, the moving party 
must show that the newly associated attorney acquired 
confidential information in the course of the attorney's 
prior representation. Gaton. 745 So. 2d at 511; 
Koulisis, 730 So. 2d at 292. After the moving party 
meets this burden, the burden shifts to the firm whose 
disqualification is sought to show that the newly 
associated attorney has no knowledge of any material 
confidential information. [Emphasis supplied] 
Edwards has not remotely approached a prima facie case, as Adler's deposition and affidavit 
attest, and Edwards presentations of -possibilities" confirm, if they were even accurate. 
The Court further held: 
Rule 4-1.10 required the circlit court to determine--as a 
factual matter--whether Mr. Santa Lucia had actual knowledge of 
client confidences that would be imputed to the Quintairos law firm. 
See Nissan Motor Corp. in USA v. Orozco, 595 So. 2d 240, 243-44 
(Fla. 4th DCA 1992), called into doubt on other grounds by Harpley 
v. Ducane Indus. (In re Outdoor Prods. Corp.), 183 B.R. 645, 650 n.7 
(Bankr. M.D. Fla. 1995) (requiring a similar factual finding when a 
"tainted associate" joined a firm now opposing his former client). 
The review of what then occurred, and the holding of the Court mandate denial of Edwards' 
Motion. The Motion is solely for the tactical reason to not have the undersigned serve as trial 
counsel, but there is nothing to legally support the Motion. Mr. Adler will testify, it is believed, 
consistent with his affidavit and deposition and emphasize the fact that the Motion to Disqualify is 
without merit. 
CONCLUSION 
Jeffrey Epstein has the ability to retain any lawyer he chooses, and that is conceded. He has 
retained the undersigned to try the matter before the jury. The undersigned does not and has not 
participated in the discovery process and reviews the discovery generated by other counsel to put the 
matter in the trial posture. Mr. Edwards has presented nothing, it is submitted, for the Court to 
employ the extreme remedy of disqualification of chosen counsel. The Court should also consider 
the fact that Edwards noticed the matter for trial on September 19, 2012, just after the undersigned 
appeared as counsel. The attempt to disqualify chosen counsel is a tactical decision due to, it is 
Page 12 of 14 
EFTA00593414
--- PAGE 13 ---
submitted, counsel's somewhat extensive trial and Appellate experience. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing was furnished via Email to all counsel 
listed below, this It" day of November. 2012. 
FRED HADDAD. P.A. 
Fort Lauderdale. Florida 33394 
Tel: 
Fax: 
By: 
Page 13 of 14 
EFTA00593415
--- PAGE 14 ---
COUNSEL LIST 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
E-mail: 
& 
West Palm Beach. Florida.).3409 
West Palm Beach. Florida 33401 
Marc Nurik. E . 
E-mail: 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esq. 
E-mail: 
Fort Lauderdale. Florida 33301 
Lilly Ann Sanchez, Es . 
E-mail: 
Miami, Florida 33131 
Page I4 of I4 
EFTA00593416

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593417.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593417.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ Cistern Repair Estimate 
Description of Operation 
OW Unit 
Cost! 
Unit 
Material 
Cost 
Crew 
Labor 
Hours 
Average 
Crew 
Rate 
Labor 
Cost 
Subcontractor!E 
quipment Rental 
Total 
Cistern # 1 
ea 
S1,080 
$35 
$2,170 
$150 
$3,400 
Cistern # 2 
ea 
S900 
$35 
$2.170 
$150 
$3,220 
Cistern # 3 
ea 
$480 
$35 
$1,470 
$150 
$2,100 
Cistern # 1 outside wall coating & 
repair 
ea 
$350 
S35 
5840 
_S1.190 
Allowance for crack repair after 
cisterns are drained & inspected: 
# 1 Is leaking and will be repaired 
with hydraulic cement before 
coating 
L 
g 
$350 
$35 
$840 
$840 
Material delivery to Red Hook 
ton 
$250 
$250 
$250 
SUBTOTAL 
$11,000 
20% OVERHEAD AND PROFIT 
2.200 
TOTAL 
13,200 
(1) Assumes all cisterns are fully d ained by onsite crew 
(2) Assumes onsite trash disposal 
(3) Assumes all transportation supplied by LSJ 
(4) This quote is good for 30 days 
(5) Upon Notice to Proceed, 100% material & 50% labor deposit required. 
(6) Balance due upon completion. 
EFTA00593417

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593418.pdf
----------------------------------------
J. 
IR' MC) LThr 
LJ 
93:1
01901- LSI -M 
Office 
11.15.2010 
JP Molyneux Studio will provide the following items for 
Office : 
• 
The fabrication of a custom desk and hardware pulls made of light oak. 
Light oak wood sample to be approved by J. Epstein. The desk will 
accommodate two people, one person on either side of the desk. Desk 
legs to be removable. Each side will include 2 pencil drawers, 2 storage 
drawers and three open cubbies for envelopes, paper, supplies, etc. as 
per JPMS drawings dated November 15, 2010. Drawings enclosed (SK-
1, SK-2, SK-3 and SK-4) to be signed and dated for approval by J. 
Epstein. As-built dimensions of _Office' 
to be verified by Gary 
Kerney and provided to JP Molyneux Studio. 
• 
One desk-top lamp with two arms (Eternity Double Gooseneck LED 
Desk Lamp - EU73720). Sample sheet enclosed to be signed and dated 
for approval by J. Epstein. 
• 
Two desk chairs on casters (Superior Office Chair Hi-Back, white 
leather, by Modani). Sample sheet enclosed to be signed and dated for 
approval by J. Epstein. 
• 
One sisal rug, approximately 10'-6" x 11'-6", (Beauvais Carpets). 
Sample sheet enclosed to be signed and dated for approval by J. Epstein. 
• 
Office walls to be painted by others with Benjamin Moore 'Egyptian 
Green' 2043-40. Sample sheet enclosed to be signed and dated for 
approval by J. Epstein. 
• 
Existing wood base, crown, door casings and window frame to be 
painted by others with Benjamin Moore 'Mermaid Green' 2039-50. 
Sample sheet enclosed to be signed and dated for approval by J. Epstein. 
EFTA00593418

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593419.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593419.pdf
----------------------------------------
ARBITRAGE 
Not less than limited US Matzke! Meese 
Al Pacino plus Sarandon, Eva Green 
Territory 
Ask 
Take 
Right. 
Client 
Original 
MG 
Projected MG 
MG as % 
of Orig 
Australia/Fiji 
S 
425.000 S 
350.000 all 
Benelix Dutch and French 
S 
375,000 S 
325,000 all 
Brazil / Mexico 
S 
550,000 S 
450,000 allxsat 
Swen inc Mex S 
575,000 S 
450,000 
128% 
Bulgaria 
S 
350,000 S 
300,000 all 
SPI 
S 
350,000 S 
300,000 
117% 
Canada 
Central America 
w/Mexico 
w/Mexico 
all 
Chile 
w/Mexico 
w/Mexico 
all 
China 
S 
40,000 S 
30,000 allxpansal 
DDDream 
S 
45,000 S 
30,000 
150% 
CIS/Baltic States 
S 
375,000 S 
325,000 all 
MGN 
S 
400,000 S 
325,000 
123% 
Colombia 
w/Mexico 
w/Mexico 
all 
Croatia/Slovania 
w/Bulgaria 
w/Bulgaria 
all 
Czech Republic 
w/Bulgaria 
w/Bulgaria 
all 
Domestic 
all 
Dominican Republic 
w/Mexico 
w/Mexico 
all 
Ecuador 
w/Mexico 
w/Mexico 
all 
France 
S 
700.000 S 
575.000 all 
Metropolitan 
S 
575.000 S 
575.000 
100% 
Germany cx Switzerland 
S I 300 000 S 1 150 000 all 
Wild Bunch 
S 1 050 000 S 
150 000 
91% 
Greece/Cyprus 
S 
125,000 S 
90,000 all 
Italia 
S 
150,000 S 
90,000 
167% 
Hong Kong/Maeao 
S 
50,000 S 
35,000 allxpansat 
Hungary 
w/Bulgaria 
w/Bulgaria 
all 
India/Pakistan/Sri Lanka 
S 
20.000 S 
15.000 allxpansal 
Italia 
S 
25,000 S 
15.000 
167% 
Indonesia 
S 
75,000 S 
50,000 allxpansal 
Internaional Airline 
S 
150,000 S 
100,000 airline/ship producers 
Iceland 
S 
7,500 S 
5,000 all 
Alyndform 
S 
7,500 S 
5,000 
150% 
Israel 
S 
15,000 S 
10,000 all 
Italy 
S 
650.000 S 
525.000 all 
Japan 
S 
500,000 S 
250,000 all 
Latin America Sat 
w/Mexico 
w/Mexico 
Malaysia 
S 
35,000 S 
25,000 allxpansal 
Middle East 
S 
150,000 S 
100,000 allxmnet 
Italia 
S 
150.000 
S 
100,000 
150% 
Pan Asia Sat 
S 
75.000 S 
50.000 sat 
Peru/Bolivia 
w/Mexico 
w/Mexico 
all 
Philippines 
S 
20,000 S 
15,000 allxpansal 
Poland 
w/Bulgaria 
w/Bulgaria 
all 
Portugal 
S 
50,000 S 
35,000 all 
Pris 
S 
35,000 S 
35,000 
100% 
Romania 
w/Bulgaria 
w/Bulgaria 
all 
Scandinavia 
S 
375,000 S 
325.000 all 
Svensk 
S 
350,000 S 
325,000 
108% 
Serbia/Montenegro 
w/Bulgaria 
w/Bulgaria 
all 
Singapore 
aid 
led 
allxpansal 
South Africa 
S 
50,000 S 
40,000 all 
South Korea 
S 
200.000 S 
150.000 allexmilitary 
Spain 
S 
450,000 S 
375,000 all 
Tripics 
S 
375.000 S 
375,000 
100% 
Switzerland 
S 
100,000 S 
75,000 
Ascot 
S 
100,000 S 
75,000 
133% 
Taiwan 
S 
75,000 S 
60,000 allexpansal SSG 
S 
100,000 S 
60,000 
Thailand 
S 
100,000 S 
75,000 allxpansat 
Turkey 
S 
100.000 S 
75.000 all 
Pincma 
S 
100,000 S 
75.000 
133% 
United Kingdom 
S 1,300,000 S 1,150,000 all 
Venezuela 
w/Mexico 
w/Mexico 
all 
TOTAL 
S 8,787,500 S 7,135,000 
S 4,387,500 
S 
3,985,000 
110% 
EFTA00593419

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593420.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593420.pdf
----------------------------------------
ARBITRAGE 
eltorAllaxon ttletaLwiJaAdd 
Pan:Islam 32 3aya - S My 
Wail 
I Cal TA adi : Iht 
Pat Fs St. alic 2011 
Pos Prodnx-on 16 NSA - NC 
Nan folnidpal: IAN, 214: 31311 
Pnipund ty: bb Sawn 
1511Altelpah Ball 29cA MU 
Ram Dam: 11/11/10 
ANSI 
Category Daszylptlan 
PREP 
Total 
11-00 
STORY a RIGHTS 
5163,200 
12-00 
PRODUCERS UNIT/DEVELOPMENT 
5266,360 
13-00 
DIRECTION 
515.860 
14-00 
CAST 
51,154,087 
15-00 
ATL MANZI. / LIVING 
64620 
19.0D 
TOTAL FRINGE 
0334,826 
TOTAL ABOVE THE LINT 
02,197,951 
20-CO 
PRODUCTION STAFF 
$771,916 
21-CO 
EXTRA TALENT 
5170,108 
22-CO 
SET DESIGN 
0113,588 
23-01 
SET CONSTRUCTION 
556,730 
25-00 
SET OPERATIONS 
5259,901 
26-00 
SPECIAL FX 
531,153 
27-00 
SET DRESSING 
8211,061 
28-00 
PROPERTY 
1/ 
875,615 
29-00 
WARDROBE 
5186,252 
31-00 
MAKE-UP a HAIRDRESSING 
5132,852 
32-00 
ELECTRICAL 
8219,230 
33-00 
CAMERA 
a 
8298,820 
34-00 
PRODUCTION SOUND 
5101,377 
15-00 
TRANSPORTATION 
$712,731 
36-00 
LOCATIONS 
A 
5523,625 
37-00 
PIX VEHICLE a ANIMALS 
039,300 
38-00 
FILM a LABORATORY 
0182,860 
03-00 
STAGE 
040.410 
01-00 
TESTS 
05,750 
44-00 
DTI MINCE 
/317,690 
TOTAL PRODUCTION 
$5,052,90 
as CC 
POST-PROD OFFICE 
.0 
$15,450 
16-CC 
POST-PROD CREW 
.0 
<159,971 
47-00 
PICTURE POST-PROD 
.0 
51)7,608 
48-00 
SOUND POST-PROD 
567,810 
09-00 
MUSIC & ARCHIVE 
550,030 
59-00 
POST TAINCI 
tam 
TOTAL POST PRODUCTION 
0681,206 
RS-00 
MISCELLANEOUS CHARGES 
5166,967 
66-00 
INSURANCE 
5108,500 
Er-CO 
PUBLICITY 
51,589,739 
CONTINKEACY : 10.0% 
5655.492 
BOO : 2.01 
5196,098 
71-00 
OTHER rumez 
Otao 
TOTAL OTHER 
12.724,20 
TOTAL PISS a CONTINGENCY 
SO 
Total Abaro-Tho-Etna 
02.197,953 
Total Beland-Tha-Idra 
00.458,553 
Total Above and balete-The-Line 
810,656,505 
— 
Total 
510.656,505 
Nov112O1C31CA:Iauza.ntd 
EFTA00593420
--- PAGE 2 ---
RBI TRACE 
P490 
Pala 
Daacriptlan 
Aat 
Volts 
X 
Cur 
Mt* 
Sub T 
Total 
11-00 
11402 a RIMED 
11-01 
WRITERS SALARIES 
Mut 
A1:444 
I 
U 
15.0.40) 
5150.000 
$150,000 
Taal 
11-00 
MCA PUBLICATION 
10. P.1011aalon no 
I 
Ana. 
I 
U 
5.00D 
55.000 
15,003 
Taal 
11-80 
COPYRIGHT/CLEARANCES 
Sala Cann) 
Paloarch 
0:0484411t Kant 
Title aniTeaarazt Par:orta 
I 
I 
I 
Mb, 
Mb, 
Mb, 
I 
I 
I 
U 
U 
U 
1.400 
650 
650 
51,400 
5650 
&SO 
56,200 
42,700 
Pao fa Claatrice bows 
I 
Mb, 
I 
U 
5.50D 
55.900 
Taal 
Oat 
total fee 11-410 
010.200 
12-00 
PRODOCEL9 UNIT/DEVELOPIENT 
12-03 
PRODUCER 
Papal Loan-Cut Corp. 
Proliaar Teas 
:44. 
250.000 
$250,000 
5250.00D 
$250,000 
Taal 
12-06 
ASSISTANT TO PRODUCERS 
HarUnlca 
Pa* 
Sh00t 
NraD 
$ 
6.4 
I 
Neeka 
1I.a.k. 
N661. 
l 
I 
U 
650 
650 
650 
$4.550 
54.160 
5610 
59.360 
Taal 
12-08 
PRODUCER PURCHASES/ENTERTAINMENT 
Piatoar's En:4441Jan 
I 
32:49/ 
I 
U 
2.00D 
52.00D 
52.001 
Taal 
12-10 
PRODUCER DEVELOPMENT FEES 
911 
/b41.1- 
Agar 
I 
5.00D 
55.00D 
55.00D 
Taal 
Accent total fee 12-00 
8266.360 
13-00 
DMICTICM 
13-C6 
ASSISTANT TO DIRECTOR 
Di 
'a Malan 
Prop 
S1'666 
Wrap 
$ 
6.4 
I 
Wauk4 
Waak.-- 
9/66k 
I 
I 
I 
U 
U 
U 
650 
65C 
650 
54.59D 
56.160 
%SC 
....e. 
59.360 
Taal 
13-15 
STORYBOARD ARTIST 
Ical 829 
Alloonto 
ID 
Da“ 
I 
U 
450 
54.50D 
54.90D 
Taal 
13-16 
DIRECTOR PURCHASES/RENTALS 
Olaccor Ii
I 
AL:44. 
I 
U 
2.500 
52.00D 
52.00D 
Taal 
Pewee total fee 13-00 
MEND 
1400 OM 
1<-01 
LEAD CAST 
Ultima Loan Out 
EaluSx1 Tea, Payroll no
001 / ROBERT KILLER 
Raton, - Dap Inclulai 
119911201011ck:Laura6161 
EFTA00593421
--- PAGE 3 ---
0.81 TRaCE 
arcInuacRn ce hamsc 14-01 
Amt. 
thirccIatlan 
Aat 
Units 
X 
Cur 
P.C. 
Sub T 
Total 
Shea - 5.4 ~Ica 
MU,. 
I 
250.000 
5250.000 
— C.f.-
5250,000 
002 / JULIE NUM 
Raaana - Lava IrGlialaf 
Sham - 4 ~Ica 
.1...›. 
I 
J 
290.000 
5250.000 
5250,000 
033 / SLIER 
Raaana - Lava IrGlialaf 
SØ 3 aka 
Al‘c. 
I 
J 
:60.003 
5250.000 
5250,000 
Tccal 
i.-02 
SUPPORTING CAST 
SC Scab) - schalileFlUcfoanua 
All Salto 
Cam FYLrad a6 lark&lala 
914.36 ha*cal a 
Nan 
56%:,:e 
~la 
A Si6.1a 5782/8 
SchoLla El Saga 82713/44 
005 / BROOKE 
Atauya UeflOUL 
Shoot 
Al‘cs 
55,3:0 
565,000 
Taal 
14-03 
DAY PLAYERS 
SC Sail. - Schalilo A 6 SPacfoanua 
All Salto 
13.46 Piltad aa Inellvklala 
Shtct Eulastal ac 12 Naas Exaq:c for Waco 
Cully *105 . 8029.90 
Cully 10/hr t 101 - 81,21331 
Daily 22/7.c t 101 - 81,668.76 
~Ely Scala - MOD/44 
Scala • 109 - 53,088.80 
Noddy 10/lua *101 .83,931.22 
Noddy 12/iva *101 .85,319.26 
005 / GUM 
fataanal 
Shcce/Decp 
Platp 
I 
1.5 
Day 
Day, 
4%.,•åk.. 
I 
I 
I 
889.9 
1,668.56 
5,335.3) 
5890 
511,65 
59,603 
922.173 
010/ PETER 
96xcatqa 
Play> 
I 
1.5 
Day 
NQQ1(.. 
I 
I 
.1 
.1 
1,668.56 
5,335.33 
51,669 
58,536 
510,205 
011 / TON 
moot 
bays 
2,668.56 
53,337 
53,337 
012 / »le 
laot 
bays 
2,668.56 
53,337 
53,337 
013 / FEN 
SØ 
I 
Day 
1,668.56 
51,669 
51,669 
016 / JEFTEREY GREENBERG 
Sham 
I 
Day 
1,668.56 
51,669 
51,669 
017 / DET NICNAEL GONER 
Sham 
Weeks 
I 
U 
5,315.3) 
821,341 
Nov11201011da Laura .61x1 
EFTA00593422
--- PAGE 4 ---
IRE I TRACE 
torcLora So Ce Aosirc 14-03 
Papa 
Amt. 
OirctiptIon 
A.at 
Malta 
It 
Cur 
ram 
Sub I. 
total 
521.341 
018 / JINMY CRANT 
Shoat 
Weeks 
U 
5,335.23 
526.676 
526.676 
019 / RECEPTIONIST 
Shoot 
Day 
U 
1,668.56 
51,669 
51,669 
020 / CHANDCRIM 91 Minor 
Shoot 
Day 
U 
839.9 
5810 
$810 
020 / CHANDCRIM 92 Minor 
Moat 
Day 
U 
839.9 
5810 
$810 
021 / REAR 
Moat 
Days, 
U 
1,668.56 
53,337 
53,337 
022 / OR SOBEL 
Shoat 
Day 
U 
1,668.56 
51,669 
51,669 
020 / SID FELDER 
Moat 
3.6 
kook/. 
I 
U 
5,335.23 
51%207 
51%207 
025 / STATE TROOPER 91 
Moat 
Day 
U 
1,668.56 
51,669 
51,669 
026 / STATE TROOPER 12 
Moat 
Day 
U 
1,668.56 
51,669 
51,669 
027 / SERVANT 
Shoat 
Day 
U 
1,668.56 
51,669 
51,669 
028 / CHRIS VOGLER 
Shoot 
Day 
U 
1,668.56 
51,669 
51,669 
028 / CHRIS VCCLER'S SECRETARY 
Moot 
Day 
U 
1,668.56 
51,669 
51,669 
029 / CODY 
Moat 
Day 
U 
1,668.56 
51,669 
51,669 
030 / SUSAN 
Shoot 
Day 
U 
1,668.56 
51,669 
51,669 
031 / ME 
Shoot 
Day 
U 
1,668.56 
51,669 
51,669 
032 / PRIMER 
Moat 
Day 
U 
1,668.56 
51,669 
51,669 
033 / ASSISTANT MATE'S) 
Shoat 
Days 
U 
1,668.56 
53,337 
53,337 
034 / WOW, 
Shoot 
Day 
U 
1,668.56 
51,669 
51,669 
035 / AMES 
Moat 
1.6 
kook:. 
U 
5,335.23 
58,536 
58,536 
036 / ~ 
FOUR SEASONS 
Mv112010llek :Lama .nixi 
EFTA00593423
--- PAGE 5 ---
%RBI TRACE 
ta Isua rtn a Acoast 14-03 
Mato 
butriptabon 
Aat 
Malta 
X 
Cut 
Pats 
Sub T 
Total 
Short 
I 
Day 
I 
U 
1,668.56 
51.669 
=.694 
51.669 
038 / MARIA BASTIMRONO 
Shoot 
Day 
I 
U 
3668.56 
51.669 
51.669 
039 / BLOMBERG ANNOUNCER 
Shoot 
Oan 
I 
U 
3.668.56 
53.337 
53,337 
040 / MPS MONROE 
Shoot 
2.6 
weeks 
I 
U 
5.335.5 
613,872 
513.372 
Oil / 1011E 
Shoot 
3.4 
Week: 
I 
U 
5.335.5 
518,140 
518,140 
042 / 41521, 
Shoot 
I 
Day 
I 
U 
3.668.56 
51,669 
51,669 
043 / OPERATOR 
Shoot 
I 
Day 
I 
U 
3.668.56 
51,669 
51,669 
044 / FIORES 
Shoot 
I 
Day 
I 
U 
3.668.56 
51,669 
51,669 
045 / OBIS 
Shoot 
I 
Day 
I 
U 
1,668.56 
$1,669 
81,669 
046 / MAYFIELD 
Shoot 
a 
Daa4 
I 
U 
3.668.56 
513,349 
513,349 
047 / MERL! TO 
Shoot 
Dava 
I 
U 
3.668.56 
513,349 
513,349 
048 / JOANIE 
Moot 
I 
Day 
I 
U 
3.668.56 
51.669 
51,669 
048 / HILLER CAPITAL ASSISTANT 
Moot 
I 
Day 
I 
U 
1.668.56 
51.669 
51,669 
049 / IMENT 
Moot 
I 
Day 
I 
U 
3.668.56 
51.669 
51,669 
050 / JUDGE RI TTETEMND 
Shoot 
I 
Day 
I 
U 
3.668.56 
51.669 
51,669 
050 / SPEAKER 
Kamm 
I 
Day 
I 
U 
3.668.56 
51.669 
51,669 
098 / UPGRADES 
AI om:. 
Day 
I 
U 
1.668.56 
51.669 
51,649 
kcal 
14-04 
STUNT COORDINATOR 
SAC 'Flat Bea• $1258 
12.13'6 
step 
Shoat 
I 
Day/. 
Day 
I 
U 
U 
801 
1.154 
51.618 
51.154 
Taal 
14-05 
STUNTS a ADJUSTMENTS 
BAD Stunt Sextons e Scale - No keens Fee 
1loy112010Uck:Laura.ntd 
EFTA00593424
--- PAGE 6 ---
.RBITRACE 
korciruati et Moan Itr.09 
i ....a 
Act. 
Omarlptlan 
Ant 
Units 
Cut 
Pats 
Sub T 
Total 
All Senn Pars] aa Daulints 
Sbcot Butes] Sc 12 Man 
519.101 
$0 
Scta.1616 A Scale 590918 91516/12 
$0 
Stitt Parf012131`a 
Soot 
Da.... 
I 
LI
1.516.8. 
59.101 
59,101 
099 / ADJUSTMENTS 
3.19.unnanta 
Alb ., 
I 
LI
LI
6.000 
56.000 
56,000 
Taal 
14-C6 
STUNT EQUIPMENT RENTALS 
Stunt Hqacaorc 
AL:of 
I 
LI
12,V.0 
$12,500 
512, CC 
Taal 
14-07 
CASTING DIRECTOR 
Casting Meson - ban 817 Tnanbar 
5rz..0:0 
SO 
NI Castlin DIZOCCat 
ASSLOWil Loan-rut 
Masao 93Ik All In Oar 10 Wanks 
Voa.ak.. 
I 
LI
3,500 
539.000 
539.000 
Taal 
14-CO 
CASTING ASSISTANT 
Galan Ainlicant - Mango tonal 817 
AllowsoA 
LI
650 
56.500 
56,903 
Taal 
14-09 
CASTING EXPENSES 
Glottal Ca itentgAres" 
Al:Oi 
2.500 
52.500 
52,500 
Taal 
14-20 
LOOP IMG/ADR 
SC Seale - &balite A Parfannin 
Sebago A Scale 5782/8 - No Aorta 
56,472 
SO 
Actor Hamby.. 
AAlb.
809 
56,472 
Taal 
14-70 
CAST DRIVERS 
Cast Minn - Mans tonal SIT 
Chauffour Rica 53066.81/61 
Moot 5 70 Hour Nook 
S76, 9r..." 
$3 
001 / •^ CAST DRIVER 
817 Out 
Ps.4. 
Stmot 
6.4 
Va.ak6 
U 
U 
U 
4,571.76 
529.Z.9 
529.r.9 
002 / •• OST DRIM8 
817 °guff.= 
Shoot 
6.4 
Weeks 
I 
U 
U 
U 
4,571.76 
ear, 
929.r.0 
003 / n OST DRIVER 
817 ChautOz Pm. 
Max 
Weeks 
U 
U 
U 
4,571.76 
59.144 
59.144 
010 / CAST CAR RENTAL 
Car - Alba for WI 
Car - Alba for RN 
Car - Alla. for 93/ 
6.4 
6.4 
Weeks 
kooks 
Weak: 
U 
U 
U 
U 
553 
553 
553 
53.535 
53.539 
52.212 
59.29) 
Taal 
14-75 
CAST PERKS 
Star Ikallar II 
Smola Eastsnont Debar - Tatter tonal 817 
Nov112010/1.3.:1.ilaa.c.bd 
EFTA00593425
--- PAGE 7 ---
iRSITRAGE 
arsistatlen 44 Marc 14-75 
i ....... 
Rost/ 
Danlotion 
Mat 
Unita 
X 
Cos 
Rata 
Sub T 
Total 
Soda] Endow& Rte 53399.54/64 
Soot 5 75 Hour Wet 
DRIVER 
6.8 
Weeks 
U 
4,421.56 
530.067 
5147,292 
530.061 
Asinine' HADDADa 
- Hamar 
Intermit Hook Lb 
6.8 
Weeks 
Alfa 
U 
2,500 
1,000 
511,000 
51.000 
518.001 
Casa toolaiarc 
7.4 
Weeks 
U 
1,200 
58.880 
58,880 
HAIR 
Praia 
Soot 
Wt Petal 
Days 
Days 
Days 
17.25 
U 
U 
U 
36.03 
36.03 
300 
52,943 
BA 337 
59.600 
531.879 
Mao Peita 
Alba 
5,000 
55,000 
55,000 
Sat tatter 12 
Soaolal 11:mlosent Delver - 74anatio Leal 817 
SOadal Ikulonwa Rea 53389.84/64 
Shoot 5 75 Hoar Nook 
DRIVER 
6.8 
Weeks 
4.421.56 
534067 
MOO 
Alamitos., ILADDADa 
VEHICLE 
6.8 
Weeks 
U 
2.500 
517,000 
517,000 
Cast toalsrtarc 
6.4 
Weeks 
U 
1.000 
56.400 
56,400 
Taal 
14-76 
REHEARSAL 
Pahaaraal Spaoa 
Rtrotrall Cart Sault:* 
Nooks 
Weeks 
1,00) 
400 
53,00) 
51,203 
94,200 
Taal 
14-80 
MISCELLANEOUS 
Cast Circa 
Al:o., 
250 
51.000 
51,000 
Taal 
I•ccome total tot 14-0) 
51.354,017 
15-00 Zfl. !PAVE. / 1OVDC 
15-01 
AIRFARES 
Ot.vea - NI - roma/ 
FYI= Clam 3311a Kola - Ratoarsal 
Ma Clam' Jallo blab - teat 
Fltat Clue Emote - Fatoatrall 
Plitt Clue BoxIaa - Sox 
ADDITIONAL 
Flow Clam 
Prolona/Ltroxtra 
I 
Pas 
;reap 
;reap 
;reap 
;reap 
Attar 
U 
U 
4.00) 
4.00) 
2.50) 
2.50) 
3.00) 
5.00) 
54,000 
54,000 
52,500 
52,500 
53,000 
55,000 
821.000 
Taal 
15-02 
LIVING ALLOWANCE 
Prolaaa/Dkoxix 
Attar 
7.00) 
57.000 
$7,003 
Mal 
15-03 
HOTEL/PER DIEM 
Jab Noll Pa Mal - Folmoraal 
Julie itala Per DI
 - 9xcc 
&aka Par Mao - Robaariall 
Realm Per Dlas - shoat 
Days 
Days 
Days 
Days 
U 
U 
U 
U 
100 
100 
1CO 
1CO 
MO 
51,400 
$500 
01,200 
alov112010/lokAauradol 
EFTA00593426
--- PAGE 8 ---
torcbtut-lin 
.RB I T BRCS 
C >coax l5-03 
hate 
biacttptIon 
Ant 
Units 
X 
Cur 
Pats 
Sub T 
Total 
MItzlenal Diaz Put Man 
Oavz 
U 
51.200 
54.900 
.1.81,a Ito& 14=1 - bazaszal 
S 
Cava 
500 
52.5410 
Jálla ntialb kcal - 2zaz 
Loan 
500 
57.000 
aza:bo Pat Dban - Ebtzmuol 
Loan 
U 
500 
53.000 
~Ira 
Poe Olan. - Stmt 
Oavz 
U 
500 
56.000 
MILUng TAME Itcol 
Da.... 
I 
J 
350 
57.000 
525.500 
kcal 
z:, 4CC 
15-05 
VEHICLES 
032 / Prolzor 
€.4 
Naak. 
300 
51,920 
51.920 
kcal 
51.920 
15-C6 
CAR SERVICE 
;Jzp 
t 
U 
:CC 
51.800 
51,80) 
Taal 
51.800 
15-03 
RISC. PREP EXPENSE 
Mike. Prop 434,onso - MICH 
,, 
I 
U 
1,503 
51,503 
7etal 
51.50) 
ieesee total. Toe 15-00 
063,620 
1500 
TOTAL PRINCE 
SAG-PAN 
15.31 
1,014,143.38 
1%464 
•PICA 
6.2% 
441,745.72 
27,388 
•P/R HANDLING 
559,345.72 
22,374 
DIR PENSION 
5.5% 
200,003 
11,000 
DIR HEALTH/NELPARE 
8.5% 
203,281 
17,279 
•PM 
0.8% 
228,124.01 
1,825 
•SUI 
4.1% 
258,124.01 
10,583 
•W/C CREW 
1.5% 
689,355,34 
10,303 
•MEDICARE 
1.791 
441,745.72 
7,937 
W G A 
14.51 
150,803 
21,750 
SAG WC2 
1.5% 
183,224.01 
2,748 
CASTING DIR 
325 
Weeks 
3,250 
3,250 
NU 
18.391 
6,472 
1,193 
817 Towner* 
261 
127,795.26 
33,227 
829/764/798 
105 
Day, 
1,050 
1,050 
IA P13í 
125 
Days 
4,750 
4,750 
CAST I EC ASST 
-.CO 
Hook,: 
3,000 
3,000 
aim 
TOTAL Aeon Tat LINE 
62.197,953 
Mov112010114k:Laura .ntd 
EFTA00593427
--- PAGE 9 ---
. RBITRAZE 
Pap 8 
kcal 
beacciptla, 
Aet 
MLts 
X 
Cur 
Rate 
Sub T 
Total 
20-DO 
PRODUCTION START 
20-02 
PRODUCTION MANAGER 
IQ SOLO 64460 Scalia 46x44 • P*7 Pro: balm Pao 
Ica Buda« DCA OC e 901 Scala 
Law Balca. Ca 46 $ 601 Scala 
Bakstaci e 933 Studio RNA • 1001 Prabctlas F02 
5331, P.0 
W 
&b Satan> 
Al/ai 
U 
200.000 
8200,000 
9200,000 
Pro-ftop 
Prop 
SØ 
Wrap 
CO A 
6.0 
1.6 
Nooks 
Nooks 
Nooks 
Nooks 
Weeks 
U 
4,017.6 
4,017.6 
4,887.6 
4,017.6 
4.017.6 
$12,053 
532,141 
931,281 
4420,088 
86,428 
44101,9% 
Taal 
20-03 
ASSISTANT UNIT PRODUCTION MANAGER 
Agana ~a 
Prop 
SØ 
Wrap 
CO A 
6.0 
Weeks 
Weeks 
Nooks 
Weak 
I 
V 
V 
V 
U 
4,887.6 
4,887.6 
4,887.6 
934,213 
931,281 
$9,05 
$0,898 
.593,1-, -
583.157 
Taal 
20-04 
1ST ASSISTANT DIRECTOR 
Da Scala Stella Nock 84244 • 5786 Pralsclon Too 
la, Budget DCA 40 6 901 Scala 
Lae Budget DOA 46 e 801 Scala 
Budgeted Q 90% Stall* Nat • 501 Prabctlas Pas 
”6,i< 
Jason> Loasout 
Prop 
SØ 
C 0 A 
6.4 
Nooks 
Nooks 
Weak 
U 
U 
U 
0.521 
4,527 
0,527 
522.6E 
528.973 
$4,527 
Taal 
20-05 
2110 ASSISTANT DIRECTOR 
Da 9Øo Scala 52644 • 9600 Pro:bake Poa 
Lae Budget DOA OW01 Scala 
Law Budget DOA 46 e 801 Scala 
Budgeted Q 901 Stull. Wok • 1001 PZettlal F02 
PØ 
SØ 
c 0 A 
6.4 
Nooks 
Nooks 
Weak 
V 
V 
V 
3,093.6 
3,093.6 
2,559.6 
56,199 
5,9.831 
$2,560 
Taal 
20-06 
2110 2110 ASSISTANT DIRECTOR 
MA Stull* Scala 52685 
Law Badges DCA 40 e 901 Scala 
Lae Budget DCA 46 e 801 Scala 
Budgeted I. 901 Stall. Mask 
711.4.-
Pap 
SØ 
Last Ran OR 
C 0 A 
0.8 
6.0 
Nooks 
Nooks 
Days 
Week 
I 
I 
I 
LI 
LI 
LI 
U 
2,417 
2,417 
2,417 
$1,934 
$15,469 
51,600 
72,417 
Taal 
20-08 
SCRIPT SUPERVISOR 
llor 3 Sala . 530.68 
PM() 
Pitactlabblaalta 
SØ 
Days 
Day 
Days 
LI 
LI 
17.25 
U 
U 
30.68 
30.68 
30.68 
51,047 
$337 
516,9E 
Nov1120142llckaauraatd 
EFTA00593428
--- PAGE 10 ---
.REITRAGE 
at inake, et /coax 20-03 
1.....,* 
Acct. 
DinlptIon 
Aet 
Untts 
X 
Cur 
Pao 
Sub T 
Total 
Wrap 
200 Canna Days 
T 
Day
04./4. 
1: 
9:..:4 
y:, 
.Isf.le 
603/ 
5406 
Siti5 
520,683 
Taal 
20-10 
PRODUCTION SUPERVISOR 
Nce-thlta 
Prop 
Shoot 
Nrao 
kook:: 
kook:: 
Weeks 
U 
3.000 
3.000 
3.000 
515,00 
S19,20C 
56.000 
$40, 26.0 
Taal 
20-12 
PROD COORDINATOR 
Tice 3 Sea» a liacUbba 
Prop 
Shoot 
lino 
6.4 
Kooks 
Kook:. 
Kooks 
I 
I 
I 
U 
U 
U 
2,250 
2,250 
2.250 
513,500 
514,400 
54,500 
532.460 
Taal 
20-13 
ASST. PRODUCTION COORDINATOR 
Vat 3 Sotto a NascSabla 
MO 
Shoot 
lino 
6.4 
Weeks 
Weeks 
Weeks 
U 
U 
U 
1.290 
1.250 
1.250 
56,250 
58,000 
52.500 
516,99C 
Taal 
20-14 
PRODUCTION ASSISTANTS 
ALL NON UNION LABOR 
541.46-2 
001 / KEY SET PA 11 
MO 
Shoot 
2.2 
Days. 
046.4. 
I 
I 
U 
U 
150 
150 
$300 
54.800 
55,100 
032 /SET PA 12 
Shoot 
Days. 
I 
U 
U 
140.25 
54,488 
54,488 
003 / SET PA 13 
Shoot 
.... 
Days. 
I 
U 
140.25 
54,488 
54,488 
004 - SET PA 10 
Shoot 
..2 
Days. 
I 
U 
140.25. 
54,488 
54,488 
009 / ALO'L SET PA HANMYS 
Altos= 
04,, 
I 
U 
U 
140.25. 
54.208 
54,208 
010 / »TICE PA II 
Prop 
Shoot 
Nrao 
6.4 
Weeks 
Weeks 
Weeks 
U 
U 
U 
U 
650 
650 
650 
53,900 
54,160 
51.300 
59,360 
011 / OPTICS PA 12 
Prop 
Shoos 
lino 
6.4 
Weeks 
Weeks 
Weeks 
U 
U 
U 
U 
650 
650 
650 
53,900 
54,160 
51.300 
59,360 
015 / ADO'L PA HAMA» 
Allmon» 
DaYs 
U 
1» 
5390 
5390 
Taal 
20-16 
PRODUCTION SECRETARY 
Hon-till» 
NovIL201011ok:Lauro.ntd 
EFTA00593429
--- PAGE 11 ---
RBITRICE 
aecimalen et Main 20-16 
i .,, 
Dag 
braiptIon 
Aat 
Unita 
X 
Cur 
/vas 
Sub T 
Total 
Prop 
Shoot 
flra0 
6.4 
450 0133 
450 023 
“flak,. 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
X 
X 
505 
52.80) 
54.45) 
52.10) 
59.39) 
Taal 
20-20 
PRODUCTION ACCOUNTANT 
nor 3 Stale a liattiablo 
P86-flea 
Prop 
Shoot 
War. 
6.4 
92448 
Kook: 
Kook: 
Kook: 
I 
I 
I 
U 
U 
U 
2,500 
2,500 
2,500 
2.500 
52.50) 
517,%C 
516,000 
57.50) 
54335CC 
Taal 
20-21 
1ST ASSISTANT ACCOUNTANT 
Ilea 3 Soalo a liattiable 
Prop 
Moot 
flrae: 
6.4 
W6623. 
Week:. 
Kook: 
I 
U 
U 
.1 
J 
2.00) 
2.00) 
2.00) 
512,00C 
SIZSX 
56.00) 
530,5CC 
Taal 
20-22 
PAYROLL ACCOUNTANT 
PAYROLL ACCOUNTANT 
Tlar 3 - SIN 
Prop 
Moot 
HMI®, 
10'40 
5.4 
0.4 
Weeks 
Weeks 
Weeks 
Weeks 
I 
I 
I 
I 
U 
U 
U 
U 
1.80) 
1,803 
1,800 
1,800 
55.403 
511,52E 
5725 
53.603 
Taal 
20-23 
ACCOUNTING CLERK 
AxastIng 0
Prep 
310006 
Ilta0 
6.4 
5036k 
Kook: 
Weeks 
U 
U 
U 
850 
850 
850 
5855 
55.49) 
52.55) 
68,840 
Taal 
20-30 
TEACHERS 
ASSUME LOCAL HIRE 
Sl'anc 
Bo% ROMA/ 
0053 
0415. 
I 
U 
U 
8840 
550 
W 4: 
Taal 
20-78 
BOX RENTALS 
COI / Pr® Szeuvlear Covet= 
CO2 / Prod Ceoranate Cantor 
003 / MCC Corcuun 
001 / Pad Acctirgam 03w.cor 
005 / 1st 30 Coraaar 
006 / 2nd 6D Onutor 
007 /9a,la 9.tonfax 104 
008 / Prolatien 9:atcary 
CO3 / kl9.1 Allot 
16.2 
14.4 
15.4 
11.4 
I 
13.4 
Max 
kooks 
kooks 
kooks 
kooks 
Max 
Days 
Weeks 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
1.00) 
1.00) 
4) 
51,000 
5810 
8720 
01,155 
SOO 
51,000 
51,203 
5670 
57.235 
Taal 
20-79 
VEHICLE RENTALS 
Proloslon Napa[ 
Peolala: Oftio: KIM 
Predation Off1,6 matt 
15.4 
14.4 
12.4 
kooks 
Weak: 
Weeks 
I 
U 
188 
32: 
13$ 
82,895 
04,622 
52.331 
59.849 
Taal 
Matra total Let 20-00 
$771,916 
21-00 
EtTIUL TRIENT 
21-01 
STAND-INS 
5..,0 2,ard In Sulu - 5191/8 
Raga® 8 12 Fn., Day - 5218.75 
Stanettra 
Alticoal te*In Allot 
Days 
Days 
I 
U 
U 
:033.15 
:033.15 
527,720 
52,888 
Nov112014211dc:Lauxadol 
EFTA00593430
--- PAGE 12 ---
,RBITRAGE 
ettimatan about 
21-01 
imy 11 
ASST 
brarlptIon 
Aat 
Unita 
X 
Cur 
Pato 
Sub T 
Total 
Taal 
s3odce 
21-CD 
EXTRAS 
Sat Scale B.G. e 9134/8 
SIC EC Gibbeted e 11 Hour Day 
5184.25 9 10 I4sr Day 
9217.75 9 11 I4sr Day 
9251.25 e 12 Ibur Day 
Non Union eastward e 50.50 Hourly, 11.33 Nos Day 
5118,184 
$0 
SAG EXTRAS 
T 
'7: 
225.88 
112,938 
5112,938 
55,687 
5118,984 
Taal 
21-08 
EXTRAS COORDINATOR 
C_ 
Dab 
Caatina Cauntnalon e 12% 
Sr-anbra 
Dan 
Dana 
Flab* 
I. 
I. 
I. 
.27,720 
118.564 
3.00) 
53,326 
514,230 
53E0 
517,916 
Taal 
21-15 
PITTING/MPV/WARDROBE ALLOW. 
Hardloba/Atteourranza 
AI:o, 
3.00) 
53.00) 
53.00) 
Taal 
ban* tab. Foe 21-00 
0170,108 
22-00 
BS Cana 
22-01 
PRODUCTION DESIGNER 
Prop 
Stool 
6.4 
fi.aokr. 
fi.aokr. 
I 
I 
U 
U 
3.77, 
3.77, 
526.250 
524,000 
550450 
Taal 
22-02 
ART DIRECTOR 
Thar 3 Saab • 52436.69 
Prep 
Shoot 
6.4 
Hook.: 
Hook: 
U 
U 
2,436.69 
2,436.69 
$9,747 
515.5% 
521,342 
Taal 
22-03 
ART DEPT COORDINATOR 
lac DCIpIttlit Cobttnator - lo:al 829 
nor 3 - 9 
Prop 
Sabot 
Nrap 
.,, al,. 
.....1,.. 
h.0 It 
I 
I 
U 
U 
U 
1,600 
1,600 
1.60) 
58,000 
510,240 
51,600 
Taal 
22-01 
SET DESIGNERS 
829 
Tlac 3 Sob. a $32.37 
Mamba 
Na. /. 
e4 
II 
U 
U 
U 
32.37 
52,072 
52.072 
Taal 
22-05 
ADDIL LABOR 
ART DEPT PA 
Prop 
Shoot 
Nrap 
6.4 
Hook.: 
Hook: 
//net 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
650 
650 
650 
51.30) 
54.160 
$650 
56.110 
Taal 
22-16 
EXPENDABLES 
Opon0aaim/Pmaart 
Allan 
U 
U 
1.003 
51.00) 
51.00) 
Taal 
Nov112010/Icka.aura.cfol 
EFTA00593431
--- PAGE 13 ---
.RRITRA7E 
!beta 
DescciptIce 
Aat 
Unita 
X 
Cut 
it. 
Sub T 
Total 
22-11 
ART DEPT RENTALS 
Mac Prrala 
Alla, 
U 
U 
I• 500
51,500 
51., C7 
Taal 
22-78 
BOX RENTALS 
001 / Peoltclat Uolryor 
012 / Arc Dloscor 
CO3 / Arc Dpt Coardiracce Omputar 
12.4 
11.4 
11.4 
Nooks 
Nooks 
Hooka 
U 
I.) 
V 
150 
$1,860 
8570 
8570 
53.CCO 
Total 
22-79 
CAR RENTALS 
Pstdsarn Dealoor Car 
Art Dinar( Ca 
12.4 
11.4 
Nooks 
Nooks 
U 
U 
188 
188 
82,331 
82,143 
34,474 
iota, 
brunt 
batal for 22-00 
8113.588 
23-00 
WY COMSMICtION 
23-01 
CONSTRUCTION COORDINATOR 
CONSTRUCTION COORDINATOR 
Tier 3 - SIN 
Pry/Shoot 
Mame 
Days 
Daya 
U 
V 
V 
38.5 
38.5 
85,390 
55.340 
Taal 
23-02 
FOREMEN - CONSTRUCTION/SCENIC 
CONSTRUCTION i OR DIAN 
Prop/Shocc 
Mame 
On. 
Days 
II 
V 
83,410 
83,410 
CHARGE SCENIC 
T1 
- =Per 829 P 538.19 /burly 
Prop 
sxccITWordero 
Eno 
IS 
Days 
Daya 
Daya 
U 
I.) 
V 
V 
V 
V 
38.19 
38.19 
38.19 
CO 
86,301 
CO 
96,301 
Total 
23-03 
CONSTRUCTION/PAINT LABOR 
813,727 
COCIS'1RU_1ION / CARPENTERS a CHIPS - Aasuaaa 
CARPENTERS 
Prep/Stem 
Insure 
Local 52 
Zaya 
Days 
U 
V 
28.34 
28.34 
81,870 
81,870 
KEY CONSTRUCTION GRIP 
Prop/Shooc 
inararo 
Days 
Days 
V 
V 
V 
30.45 
30.45 
83,350 
CO 
83,350 
2ND GRIP 
Prepfsteec 
Macao 
Daya 
Daya 
V 
V 
V 
V 
27.56 
27.56 
83,031 
83,031 
SCENIC ARTISTS 
tot 3- SIN Per 8291 
Prepfsteec 
Macao 
:,,,,, 
Day& 
II 
L 
U 
33.19 
33.19 
85,476 
85,476 
Taal 
23-16 
CONSTRUCTION/PAINT MATERIALS 
Nov112010/Ick:Lauradod 
EFTA00593432
--- PAGE 14 ---
iRBITRACE 
katinutrao cc Ma= 23-16 
i ..a. 
Aorta 
Description 
Aat 
Unita 
X 
Cur 
/ea 
Sub T 
Total 
CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS 
ALlat 
I 
U 
10,000 
510.000 
sas,:cc 
510.000 
SCENIC MATERIALS 
2.11.66 
I 
U 
5,000 
55,003 
55,000 
Total 
23-19 
SIGNAGE / GRAPHICS 
GRAPHICS / SIGNAGE alb:vane* 
FakrIOniai Coma 
Ia:or Oasts oily 
I 
Alta 
Days 
U 
U 
5,000 
55,000 
53,000 
S.CO: 
Taal 
23-20 
GREENS PURCHASES 
001 / GREENS USDA 
Tbar 3 Way Groom a 527.55 
Enloe bathe lato br.od al Leda' Raw 
Prap/Shootntrap 
Day 
15.5 
U 
27.55 
5127 
51.427 
5127 
GREENS MATERIALS 
Attc., 
I 
U 
1.000 
51,003 
51,000 
Taal 
23-78 
BOX RENTALS 
Mange !attic 
Groensean 
Days. 
Nook 
I 
U 
U 
4) 
SCO 
5600 
5500 
51.10) 
Total 
23-79 
CAR RENTALS 
Change Smola 
Groatustan 
IS 
Daya 
Days 
I 
U 
U 
5379 
5375 
Taal 
23-S0 
CARTAGE 
001 / TRASH REMOVAL 
Alicante 
I 
Alto/ 
i 
U 
1.00) 
51,003 
51.00) 
51.000 
7=1 
Iccret Mal Los 23.00 
a730 
25-00 
MIT OPZIATIONS 
25-01 
FIRST COMPANY GRIP 
flex 3 Selo a 530.4.5 
Pap (Toth Soon, Pad Pry) 
3100x 
Wrap 
Days 
Days 
Day 
15.50 
U 
U 
U 
0045 
0045 
0045 
52.132 
515,103 
5426 
517.661 
Taal 
25-CC 
SECOND COMPANY GRIP 
Thar 3 Scala a 517.551 
Prop - TCatk 3.2CUL 
Pap - load In 
SIxot 
Wrap 
Days 
Days 
Days 
Day 
15.50 
U 
U 
U 
U 
27.55 
77.45 
27.55 
27.55 
5771 
5563 
513,665 
5386 
519.05 
Taal 
25-03 
OTHER COMPANY GRIPS 
001 / COMPANY GRIP II 
Tice 3 Scab a 526.31 
Prop 
ShDDL 
Wrap 
Days 
Days 
Day 
15.50 
U 
U 
U 
26.31 
26.31 
26.31 
6737 
511.050 
5368 
514195 
Nov11201aildt:Lauxa.Mal 
EFTA00593433
--- PAGE 15 ---
kat/m.21Rn 
RBITRRGE 
C Pocort 25-CO 
c ..,0, 
Acct. 
Description 
Aat 
Unita 
X 
Cur 
Pate 
Sub T 
Total 
002 / 0264.171 GRIP 42 
1Ior 3 Scale a 616.31 
P840 
Shoot 
W40 
Days 
Days 
Day 
15.50 
II 
C 
C 
C 
26.31 
26.31 
26.31 
6737 
513,050 
$368 
$41,339 
514,155 
009 / ROW/. GRIPS 
1Ior 3 Saab a 526.31 
Moot 
OA'a 
15.91 
U 
26.31 
513050 
513050 
Taal 
25-04 
BOON/DOLLY GRIP 
Dolly ABOVE SCALE 
Tim 3 Salo a 630.45 
Prop 
Shoot 
Wrap 
Days 
Days 
Days 
15.9) 
U 
U 
U 
0).45 
0).45 
2).45 
$853 
615.103 
SIS, V,
Taal 
25-06 
RIGGING /ADD.I. LASOR 
001 / RICtInt GAFFER 
floc 3 Soa1a a 633.45 
Siaot 
Days 
U 
U 
0).45 
56,821 
$18,885 
56,821 
002 / RIGGING BEST BOY GRIP 
liar 3 Sala a 627.55 
Shoot 
Days 
.27.53 
16.171 
56.171 
009 / RIGGING GRIP NANDAYS 
Tim 3 Salo a 96.31 
Shoot 
Days 
U 
26.31 
65.893 
63.693 
Taal 
25-07 
STAND-BY PAINTER 
net 3 - ST/ Par 829 8 
Prop 
Shoot 
Nrap 
Days 
Daya 
Days 
15.5 
U 
U 
U 
38.19 
38.19 
38.19 
514942 
SO 
28,542 
Taal 
25-09 
CRAFT SERVICE PERSON 
001 / KEY CRAFT SERVICE 
Prop/Nrap 
Shoot 
]2
Days 
Days 
U 
U 
$260 
513,600 
525.040 
513,830 
002 / ASS? CRAFT SERVICE 
Moll's* 
Shoot 
- 
Days 
04,- 
U 
U 
U 
6230 
0106,830 
011,160 
Taal 
25-16 
GRIP EXPENDABLES 
Albaanto 
AL:o. 
U 
-6.800 
99.803 
Nov11201allrica.auza dad 
EFTA00593434
--- PAGE 16 ---
.RBI TRACE 
1rCktar.lim a Am= 25-16 
1'.:.y 
Matt 
Etim=lptIon 
Aat 
Unita 
X 
Cur 
Pam 
Sub T 
Total 
Taal 
57.80) 
25-17 
GRIP RENTALS 
001 / MAIN GRIP PACKAGE 
IreLato ILLE;g110 PaMap 
N.a.alc.. 
I 
3,50) 
521,000 
827,000 
521,000 
002 / A1:01. (NIP EQUIPMENT 
Atlas= 
I 
Ala 
4,000 
54,000 
54,003 
003 / CAR MOUNTS 
AIloam 
I 
ulcer 
2,000 
82,000 
Taal 
25-18 
CRANE RENTALS 
CoraMb mamas 
Days 
2,500 
87,500 
87,503 
Taal 
25-19 
DOLLY RENTALS 
Atlas= 
N.a.alc.. 
I 
1,74 
511,700 
511,700 
Taal 
25-48 
MISSING a DAMAGE 
AIImanoa 
I 
AIIca 
1,5D) 
51,500 
51,500 
Taal 
25-76 
CRAFT SERVICE ITEMS 
001 / SET CRAFT SERVICE 
Allmorma 
Zama Craft Saryloa 
611 
Days 
Alla.,
I 
I 
3CC 
5140:0 
54,883 
525,248 
a 
002 / OFFSET CRAFT SERVICE 
WW1 Caft 5trv1
14.4 
Weeks 
ti 
U 
3:0 
54,120 
84,320 
003 / OFFSET CRAFT SERVICE 
Six Ottosilm, 0:mumTlen, Stordoa„ Itlogrq Cum 
6.4 
Allen 
U 
U 
1CO 
9610 
9610 
Taal 
25-78 
BOX RENTALS 
001 / Vey alp 
012 / Kay Edgglrg alp 
003 / BB GYM 
CO4 / ES RION Gap 
COS / Dolly CIE* 
006 / empty Crlps 
COT / Court Sala* 
008 / Cram Smalo 
..4 
Days, 
Days, 
0333 
Days, 
Days, 
Days, 
ft.a.akr., 
0333 
U 
200 
200 
100 
100 
500 
56,400 
53,200 
53,200 
51,603 
51,600 
52,240 
53,200 
51,320 
502.760 
Taal 
..'-'S 
CAR RENTALS 
Capp Van - Craft &mice 
6.8 
ft.a.akr., 
I 
U 
334.5 
szan 
Ran 
Taal 
Mout Meal fee 2520 
IMAM 
26700 MOS IX 
26-01 
SPE% COORDINATOR 
SEX ONardthator 
/bar 3 - SDI 
Prep 
Shorn 
Wrap 
Days 
Days 
Day 
15.50 
U 
U 
U 
51,593 
54,883 
9195 
57,358 
57,358 
Taal 
26-02 
SPFX LABOR 
SPX LABOR 
Nov112014311ckaauzadol 
EFTA00593435
--- PAGE 17 ---
'RBI TRACE 
Cercimatlen et ), Dm= 26-02 
rm.., 
parti 
Description 
Aat 
Units 
X 
Cur 
Pats 
Sub 7 
Total 
Tler 3 - SDI 
Pre. 
Shoot 
> 
Dais. 
Dasa! 
Ii 
15.9) 
U 
U 
51.672 
54.123 
55.795 
55.795 
Teta 
26.3 
SPEC ADDITIONAL TABOR 
ADDITIONAL SPX LUCA 
Mica 
I 
U 
5.00) 
55,00) 
55.00) 
kcal 
2616 
PURCHASES 
AL:0J 
I 
U 
7.00) 
57,00) 
57.00) 
Taal 
26-17 
RENTALS 
Alta 
I 
U 
2.00) 
52.00) 
52.00) 
Taal 
26-71 
BOX RENTALS 
AN Kit 
Kook: 
I 
U 
1.00) 
51.00) 
54.00) 
Total 
Moose Total fat 26-00 
031,153 
27-00 
MT MESS= 
27-01 
SET DECORATOR 
Tim 3 9:410 liarciablo 
Peep 
4411 Day Magid - Prop 
Shoot 
Drat,
6.4 
Wesko 
Bolts 
Weeks 
week 
1.5 
U 
U 
U 
U 
2,650 
35.57 
2,650 
2,650 
$10.931 
9579 
016,953 
52,650 
532739 
Taal 
27-02 
LEADPERSON 
Tit 3 &Ala 
626.33 
(Pay b5 
Rata . 030.451 
Prop 
Shocc 
Wrap 
Days 
Days 
Days 
15.50 
U 
U 
U 
U 
30.45 
30.45 
30.45 
53,350 
515.103 
51,675 
SLC, 12,
Taal 
27-03 
ON SET DRESSER 
Mom Seale - Palo* with laathan 
Day 
Oast 
15.50 
C 
C 
30.45 
30.45 
5315 
515,103 
115,438 
Prop 
Shoot 
7=1 
27-C4 
SET DRESSERS 
001 / SUNG el 
Tier 3 Sob 
$25.12 
Peep 
Shoot 
Wrap 
o4,.. 
0..... 
04" 
I: 
1: 
TJ 
U 
U 
U 
25.12 
25.12 
25.12 
52,763 
511,254 
51,382 
6.41,348 
515,239 
002 / AMC 42 
floc 3 Saab 
524.12 
Peep 
Shoot 
Wrap 
Oast 
Oast 
Oast 
U 
U 
U 
U 
25.12 
25.12 
25.12 
52,763 
511,254 
51,382 
515,399 
009 / ADD.I. SUING HANDAYS 
Tim: 3 Saab a 624.6! 
AllcaorNo 
04Yld 
U 
U 
U 
25.12 
510,560 
510,560 
1K-31 
11.3,1120112lickiLauxo dal 
EFTA00593436
--- PAGE 18 ---
RBITRAZE 
P.......
at 
DescriptIce 
Aet 
YLLt. 
X 
Cur 
Rae 
Bub T 
Taal 
7-09 
BUYER 
Thar 3 SnaLa -. 525.31 
Shoot 
Days 
15.50 
U 
U 
26.31 
52.040 
. 
Taal 
7-15 
EXPENDABLES 
Alicante 
.CIA:u 
U 
L 
2.CC0 
52.010 
32.C“ 
Tap 
7-16 
PURCHASES/RENTALS 
tUlat 
I 
L 
E.D.00) 
591,0X' 
£BD.iSi 
Total 
7-48 
HISSING a DAMAGE 
Alloence 
atlas 
U 
1. C.CC 
51.500 
Taal 
7-79 
SHOP RENTAL 
Sec Doe Shop Portal 
Atlat 
U 
2.000 
.52.CCO 
52.CCO 
Taal 
7-78 
BOX RENTALS 
O31 / Sot Doc 
002 / Leath
003 / O -Set Dtreaer 
11.4 
9.0 
6.0 
/Theta 
Weeks 
Weeks 
U 
U 
U 
350 
SOD 
SI. 93.0 
54.150 
540 
59.23B 
Taal 
7-79 
CAR RENTALS 
DM / Sot 00=CaCte MIN 
002 / Lautaae441a. 
11.4 
9.0 
Heats 
Weeks. 
U 
U 
321 
321 
53.659 
53.011 
Taal 
Accent Petal Bar 27-00 
9211. 0413 
28-00 MOMS, 
8-01 
PROPERTY MASTER 
Thar 3 Salle - 533.45 
Prep 
Shoot 
Wrap 
L 
L 
31.45 
30.45 
31.45 
$5.02.1 
$15.103 
51.675 
Total 
8-02 
ASST. PROPERTY EASTER 
Tier 3 Sale - 126.89 
Prep 
Shea 
Wrap 
Days 
Days 
Days 
15.60 
II 
U 
U 
U 
U 
26.89 
26.89 
26.89 
52,958 
513,331 
5992 
Teta 
8-03 
PROPERTY LABOR 
Tier 3 Stale - $26.89 
Aileen= 
Days 
15.50 
U 
U 
U 
26.89 
88.336 
88.336 
Taal 
8-19 
EXPENDABLES 
Emendablea 
Anal 
I 
U 
1,500 
51.900 
51.900 
Tara 
8-16 
PROPS PURCHASE I 
RENTAL 
Purchsea/Rartals 
Cuattea a PriAtIra - see Pars 21-19 
Alin 
U 
U 
18,503 
518,501 
518,500 
Taal 
8-48 
HISSING 4 DAMAGE 
Alloaance 
Alla, 
U 
U 
2,500 
82.900 
82.900 
Total 
Nov112014:01c1c:Lauradol 
EFTA00593437
--- PAGE 19 ---
RBITRA C 
1.”.. .r. 
Raet§ 
DaacciptIce 
Amt 
Unita 
X 
Cut 
Ra 
SUD 'P 
letal 
8-78 
BOX RENTALS 
001 / PleffArb)/ lat 
6.4 
Naakz. 
D 
D 
750 
54,800 
54.800 
5441 
8-79 
CAR REWTALS 
001 / Prcp~ Gr Alkaatxu 
10.4 
?Mat,. 
U 
125 
51,300 
51.3L0 
Totel 
Acceart [atal fer 28-00 
875.625 
29-00 IGUILDROBt 
9-01 
COSTUME DESIGNER 
Ø 
Saala • tbax.U1:14 
Prep 
Shcac 
Wrao 
4.6 
6.4 
Booka 
Booka 
Nookse 
U 
U 
U 
3. COO 
3. COO 
3.“C 
$13.1430 
Sl% 23C 
Tara 
24-03 
ASS? TO GOS/ DESIGNER 
Aftan" COStla Cealwar 
nar 3 - SEN / 829 Psaxar-a 
Prep 
Shcac 
Wrao 
6.4 
Booka 
Booka 
Waak 
U 
U 
U 
2,085 
2,085 
2,045 
58.348 
513.344 
$2.<415 
Total 
29-63 
WARDROBE SUPERVISOR 
Tier 3 ~e • 930.45 
PNp 01 fatal 
Sacc 04 hal 
Wca> Gl Nal 
Daya 
Daya 
nava 
123 
17.25 
12.5 
33.45 
33.45 
33.45 
55,109 
516,608 
51,933 
Tar.al 
9-01 
COSTUMER 11 
001 / FIRST SET ODSTLINER 
Tsar 3 Saalo • 930.45 
hop 
Shocc 
WraD 
Daya 
Daya 
Dava 
17.25 
1./ 
V 
V 
V 
33.45 
33.45 
33.45 
51,05 
516,908 
51,615 
820,158 
520,158 
Tatal 
29-08 
WARDROBE PA 
001 / NAADROBE PA Il 
14an-IMIan 
?rop 
Shax 
Wrap 
Daya 
Daya 
Daya 
V 
U 
U 
V 
130 
130 
130 
82,400 
84,160 
9650 
87,410 
Total 
29-15 
EXPENDABLES 
~os 
Ramart 
44104 
2.11.54 
V 
U 
1,750 
750 
81,150 
9750 
52,500 
Tara 
29-16 
PURCBASES a RENTALS 
~4 
Haler 
Afixacing Ga 
Dy/ P1ayara 
2.11o4 
AUA. 
Alla. 
V 
V 
16,000 
25,000 
10,000 
916,030 
925,000 
310,030 
951,030 
080 / BACKGROOtID 
AS111.2rul Allaorta Bar Ut6arra 
Alla. 
Alla. 
V 
V 
5,000 
3,500 
95,000 
33,500 
44ov112014211414:Lauza.nlod 
EFTA00593438
--- PAGE 20 ---
RBITRaCE 
oze Xixtax 29-16 
i ..,... 
Palt. 
twinlitten 
>set 
Unie,' 
X 
On 
Pat* 
Sub T 
Total 
$8.500 
555,500 
kul 
29-21 
ALTERATIONS a REPAIRS 
Allaanco 
41:274 
2.500 
9400 
82,500 
kul 
29-46 
CLEANINC a DYEING 
Ciry ~na 
I 
41:274 
1.500 
91,500 
01,503 
kul 
29-49 
NISSIIIC a DADIACE 
Allaanco 
41:274 
1,000 
91,000 
$1.003 
Tccal 
29-64 
BAROROBE SNOP 
Pata 
' 
nerc!... 
500 
91,500 
51.50) 
Taal 
29-79 
BOX RENTALS 
001 / Ounno taalTsar 
CO2 / ~ba 
Searvi.oar 
003 / Cootanor 41 
12.8 
6.4 
765634 
Waaka 
144 434 
I 
I 
ti 
ti 
ti 
250 
1CO 
SO 
03,200 
01,003 
$320 
54.525 
kul 
29-71 
CAR RENTALS 
001 / 0a4c..no tos1.par 
002 / ~ti 
S4571v18cr 
13.4 
11.4 
Ita a k 4 
1%4 43(.. 
I 
I 
188 
188 
82,519 
$1.955 
$4.4^4 
Tctal 
Panset Datal ke 29-00 
$1.96.252 
31-00 ‚11/2-111 a NAIRDRESSINC 
31-01 
NEAD NAKE8P AR7157 
Var 3 So814 - 535.03 
hop 
~C 
04y4 
0484 
17.25 
II 
U 
35.03 
35.03 
51.562 
5155337 
821,210 
Tccal 
31-02 
NAKEUP ASSISTANT 
71444 3 Soa3a 
529.71 
hop 
5~ 
Dav 
24,- 
1: 
1- .11 
J 
15.77 
23.77 
$327 
516,433 
$16,761 
hasl 
3103 
KM HAIR STYLIST 
TIox 3 Stolů 
90.45 
Nach Mako.p Aut zato . $35.03) 
hop 
Shoac 
Ciaya 
Daya 
17.25 
U 
U 
35.03 
35.03 
01,9(2 
019,337 
521,2% 
kul 
31-04 
ASST NAIR STYLIST 
Tlat 3 Soa10 
9/.03 
044te. ~ap Aut zato . $29.71) 
Psop 
Shooc 
Day 
Oaya 
11.25 
U 
U 
29.77 
29.77 
$327 
014433 
96.761 
kul 
31-05 
ADDITIONAL LABOR 
001 / MOU. NAXEUP 
/lat 3 Scale 
029.71 
Mana 
0454 
17,25 
ti 
25.T. 
57,703 
$7,793 
002 / ADD'L NAIRSTYLIST 
71.4a 3 Sza1a 
$27.03 
0~i taiřsap ?sic zato . $29.TO 
Nov11201011434:Laura.ntd 
EFTA00593439
--- PAGE 21 ---
.RBITRACE 
varsinaajte, cc A00nSt 31-C6 
i ..a. 
Acct4 
tweacriptlan 
Aat 
Units 
X 
Cos 
Rats 
Sub T 
Total 
AIloanto 
IS 
Dales 
17.26 
U 
29.77 
S7.703 
515,40t 
57.703 
Taal 
31-C6 
SPECIAL MAKEUP EFX ARTIST 
001 1 SPFX MAKEUP ARTIST 
Tint 3 Sala - 535.03 
May 10gt,p MS) 
31155t 
Days 
17.25 
U 
4.03 
51.813 
$16.813 
51.813 
002 / SPFX MAKEUP PURCHASES 
Ptatincl0 Had 
Alto/ 
I 
15400 
515.0:0 
$15.030 
Taal 
31-16 
PURCHASES 
001 / MAKEUP PURCHASES 
AlLama 
81.38, 
2.000 
$2,000 
$10.51:0 
82,000 
002 / HAIR PUP:VASES 
Atlas= 
Ano.,
I 
J 
2.500 
82,500 
92,500 
003 I WIGS 
Also, 
J 
6.00) 
56,003 
56,000 
Taal 
31-78 
BOX RENTALS 
001 / Kay Habout> 
OE / lby MHz 
003 /Ake Hama 
034 / Nat ILdr 
COS / sal Maas= 
006 / &05c St/ 
Days 
Days 
Days 
Days 
Days 
Days 
c 
c 
c 
c: c: c: 
150 
150 
55,250 
55,250 
51,650 
51,155 
$560 
5150 
514,:i:: 
Taal 
loam! Total to 31-00 
$132,052 
32-00 
tLitentiCAL 
32-01 
CHIEF LIGHTING TECHNICIAN 
Tint 3 Saab a $30.45 
Prop (Tab Max, Pad Hbo 
Shacc 
Wrap 
I 
Days 
Days 
Day 
15.50 
U 
U 
U 
30.05 
30.45 
30.45 
82,132 
$15,103 
$126 
517,661 
Taal 
32-02 
ASS? CHIEF LIGHT TECH 
Ur 3 Sala a $27.55 
PM) 
Toil Sons 
Prop - Iaa1 On 
Sh004 
Wrap 
Days 
Days 
Days 
Day 
15.50 
U 
U 
U 
J 
27.55 
30.45 
27.55 
27.55 
5771 
5853 
$13.665 
5386 
515,675 
Taal 
32-03 
LAMP OPERATORS 
001 / ElECIRIC 41 
flat 3 Sala a $26.31 
Pao 
SIM« 
"rap 
Days 
Days 
Day 
15.50 
U 
U 
U 
26.31 
26.31 
26.31 
$579 
Snow 
$269 
$13,918 
Or / ElECIRIC 42 
gav1120101102:Laura.ntd 
EFTA00593440
--- PAGE 22 ---
RBITRICE 
6Lnualen ce Asoit 32-03 
1'.:.3-, 
Aces, 
twestp.tan 
Ant 
LbIts 
X 
Cur 
mt., 
Sub T 
Total. 
Tar 3 Scale 4 146.31 
146p ~razor 12 
Prop 
Shoot 
NraD 
I 
Davy 
0404 
Da 7
15.50 
C C C 
26.31 
26.31 
26.31 
5575 
513,050 
5229 
540,070 
513,918 
009 / ADD% ELECTRIC; 
liar 3 Salo 4 526.31 
Albsonto 
Da, a 
15.55 
U 
26.31 
512.234 
513.234 
Taal 
32-06 
GENERATOR OPERATOR 
TØ 3 Scab 4 530.45 
5Øc 
.- 
Day,. 
15.55 
U 
35.45 
515,103 
515,103 
Taal 
32-06 
RIGGING / ADDL. LABOR 
001 / RIGGING CAPPER 
Thu 3 Salo 4 530.45 
034.419 Tay Rig Grip rare) 
2=5 
Day, 
J 
30.45 
56,821 
514866 
56,821 
002 / RIGGING BEST BOY ELECTRIC 
Tax 3 kW. 4 527.55 
519484 
Day, 
J 
J 
21.55 
56,171 
56,171 
009 / RIGGING ELECTRIC IONDAYS 
TØ 3 Scab 4 526.31 
ST0oc 
Day4 
J 
J 
26.31 
95,893 
55,893 
Ø 
32-16 
PURCHASES 
Etpondabla6 
Gala 
6.4 
Weeks 
Weeks 
I 
J 
J 
2.00) 
850 
56,400 
55.100 
511,500 
Taal 
32-17 
RENTALS 
001 / RAIN ELECTRIC PACKAGE 
Albsanto 
a 
Weeks 
I 
J 
6.00) 
536,010 
W,, 016 
536.4100 
002 / ADD% =RIC 
Remus 
MD Ona 
Mat MO Gm'a 
4.12:4; 
4.21o.: 
I 
I 
J 
J 
7,00D 
57,000 
510,000 
517,000 
003 / GENERATOR RENTALS 
=along Ccrorazte 
Ela94 Case Wire Package 
euuki 
Wuuk: 
I 
.1 
J 
.1 
1.5” 
..-CC 
59,000 
53,603 
534100 
Taal 
33-29 
LIFTS/CONDORS 
001 / LIFIS/C0913CAS 
4114,4444 
ALI,D. 
U 
U 
10,060 
510.400 
7748112010Uck:Lauxa.nlx1 
EFTA00593441
--- PAGE 23 ---
RBITRACE 
ersinatlan ce ~c 
32-20 
i ....aa ;a 
~ti 
boacriptlan 
Aat 
Units 
X 
Cut 
Pat* 
Sub T 
Total 
510,CC0 
moa, 
Taal 
32-45 
BURNOUTS, CARBOLAS 
Ettrnoss/Cartons
l 
»la, 
t 
J 
3,000 
53,000 
53,000 
Taal 
32-48 
MISSING & DAMACE 
»kaant. 
t 
Ar.o.r 
t 
1,500 
51,500 
51,500 
Taal 
32-78 
BOX 
RENTALS 
OX / Caffar 
O02 / Rlagr9 Gaf far Carrn, Cp) 
CO3 / EB 12/accrk 
OM IMRLFfirg and& 
CO5 / Copre,, Eloottica 
2) 
-,.. 
Oaya 
Oaya 
Oaya 
Daya 
0336 
t 
U 
U 
U 
U 
J 
200 
200 
100 
100 
56..400 
56..400 
53.20) 
52.00) 
52.24) 
533.240 
Taal 
Leemt Total Eet 32-00 
0219,234 
33-00 
0116111 
33-01 
DIRECTOR OP PROTOGRAPRY 
Tier 3 scala a ttgr-lable 
Plop 
Sboot 
S 
6.4 
(Reek3 
(Reek3 
t 
J 
7.503 
7.903 
331,530 
544JC0 
565.500 
Taal 
33-0Q 
CAMERA OPERATOR 
Ilat 3 Scala a 43.51 c 10.00 
Slaos 
- 
03y6 
15.50 
t1 
53.94 
526.754 
526.754 
Taal 
33-03 
IST ASSISTANT CAMERA 
Ika 3 Sola a 538.12 
Pisp ana-519ax,. laaf Os) 
Stoot 
Wrap 
Daya 
Oaya 
Day 
Il 
15.50 
U 
U 
33.12 
33.12 
33.12 
52.097 
518,XE) 
5419 
521.423 
Taal 
33-04 
2110 ASSISTANT CAMERA 
Ika 3 Saa1a a $2920 
bill Tors In >temt 41-00 
Prop ex.-51Moc,. aflek 0.11 
Stam 
Wrap 
I 
Day. 
nap) 
Day 
15.50 
U 
U 
U 
29-2 
29.2 
29.2 
51.606 
514,483 
5321 
516.410 
Taal 
33-06 
LOADER 
Ika 3 Scala a $24.95 
Pico 
Moot 
Wrap 
Gay& 
Oaya 
Day 
15.50 
U 
U 
U 
24.96 
24.96 
24.96 
5545 
S12,3-3 
srrs 
513,204 
Taal 
33-10 
B CAMERA / STEAD1CAN 
001 / B CANERA/STEADI CAN OPERATOR 
Ilar 3 Scala a 513.94 c 610.03 
4,oat 
adult-Cao Buabo 
Daya 
Oaya 
15.50 
15.50 
U 
U 
53.94 
04..361 
37.443 
315,831 
002 / B CAMERA/SIERDI CAM IST At 
70.0 3 So319 9 538.12 
Nov112)1(Nicic::.aura.ntd 
EFTA00593442
--- PAGE 24 ---
iRBITRACE 
otc0ux0n et >cam 33-10 
t........ 
Acct.. 
DiracIptIon 
Aat 
Units 
X 
Cur 
Pats 
Sub T 
Tata 
MO 
Shoot 
Wrap 
Day 
Days 
Day 
1: 
15.50 
J 
U 
U 
34.12 
33.12 
33.12 
Si 19 
65,909 
5119 
827,074 
66,747 
003 / B CA/di:PA/STUD! 024 210 At 
Mac 3 Sea10 
529.20 
Shoot 
0010i 
15.5) 
U 
29.2 
04,526 
04,526 
Taal 
33-16 
PURCHASES 
&penSables 
26111 Pactunme 
6.4 
kaaks 
Mbar 
I 
U 
250 
2,000 
01,600 
82,000 
$3,60: 
Taal 
33-17 
CAMERA RENTALS 
001 / MAIN CAMERA PACKAGE 
Camara Package AtEl 
kaaks 
I 
U 
12,000 
672.000 
592,000 
672.000 
002 / ADD.1. EOUIE18NT a B-CAM ALLOW 
Alkmance 
I 
Alla 
I 
U 
12,000 
612.000 
612.000 
003 / STEADICThl EOUIPHEM7 
Altos= 
B 
0453. 
I 
U 
1,000 
68,003 
68,003 
Taal 
33-48 
MISSING a DAMAGE 
A11a
AIlo., 
1,500 
61,503 
51.50) 
Taal 
33-78 
BOX RENTALS 
OM / DP 
022 / Ise .IC 
On / Pi Canoga 1st .IC 
O04 / 2nd AC 
005 / B Caron 2s1 AC 
10.4 
kooks 
Days 
Days 
Days 
Days 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
500 
65,203 
82,040 
5760 
61,360 
NCO 
59.19) 
Taal 
33-85 
CAR RENTALS 
W Car Roma' 
3.4 
Weeks 
IBS 
51.579 
51,579 
Taal 
Boma Tatal fat 33-00 
029111124 
34-00 "0000X081 000ND 
3401 
SOUND MIXER 
Ma 3 S0a3e 
549.02 
Prep aral Smc,Pr00 HmUngl 
Shoat 
Wrap 
I 
Days 
Days. 
Day 
15.50 
1: 
U 
U 
J 
49.02 
49.02 
0.02 
52.059 
524,314 
5539 
526,912 
Taal 
BOOM OPERATOR 
Tice 3 Salo 
533.07 
Slxoc 
Days 
15.50 
U 
33.07 
516,4:3 
516,403 
Taal 
34-03 
CAMS PULLER 
/tot 3 Soa10 
531.0 
1h00t 
le:grackas to Boas 
Days 
Days 
15.50 
15.50 
U 
U 
31.63 
1.44 
515,643 
5223 
515,912 
kcal 
34-07 
PLAYBACK OPERATOR 
Assoc 
Days 
U 
4.45 
6553 
Plov11201011&:Laissa.ntd 
EFTA00593443
--- PAGE 25 ---
,REITR10E 
accistutlencfloospc 34-07 
DSO 
OiratiptIon 
Aat 
Units 
X 
Cur 
/vas 
Sub T 
Total 
5553 
Taal 
34-09 
VIDEO ASSIST OPERATOR 
Tint 3 Sea10 a $30.4.5 
Prop/Wrap 
Shoot 
Day 
Days 
15.50 
U 
U 
30.45 
30.45 
533$ 
015,103 
515.438 
Taal 
34-16 
PURCHASES 
Elsoadoo 
Sped am% 
I 
Alba 
Days 
Days 
I 
U 
U 
U 
1,500 
01,503 
9320 
$384 
52.204 
Taal 
34-17 
SOUND RENTALS 
001 / SOUND PACKAGE 
Shoot 
6.4 
kook: 
I 
U 
2,000 
012.800 
825,155 
012.800 
002 / VIDEO ASSIST PACKAGE 
Shoot 
6.4 
tl.aakr. 
I 
U 
1.000 
56,400 
56,400 
003 / PLAYBACK EQUIPHENT 
Shoot 
1).‘”. 
I 
U 
500 
01,003 
01,003 
004 / WAIXIE-TAIXIES 
Ratios, 
Alltrionol Madam 
6.4 
I 
Hook: 
M1o, 
7$
U 
U 
8.20 
1,000 
03,955 
01,003 
54,555 
Taal 
34-48 
HISSING a DAMAGE 
AIIaa 
I 
Alan 
1,500 
51,500 
01,503 
Total 
Accost Total foe 34-00 
0104.313 
35-00 
TRANSPORTATION 
15-01 
TRANSPO CAPTAIN 
CAPTAIN - mater local SIT 
Captain Rate 114187.53,070 mat Na 1, 2009 
Shoot 9 80 Hour Nook 
prop/Nrap e 70 Hour Moak 
Prop 
Whin 
moot 
Wrap 
0.2 
6.1 
I 
Weeks 
Weeks 
Weeks 
Nook 
I 
I 
I 
I 
U 
U 
U 
U 
0,187.53 
0,187.53 
5,884.78 
0.187.53 
$4.375 
ss:sa 
537,663 
54.183 
, ,. 4:' 
551,053 
Captain Vatio/a 
9.1 
Weeks 
I 
U 
250 
52.350 
Taal 
35-02 
CO-CAPTAIN 
CO CAPTAIN - mater  Local 817 
Co-caocala SEC Rate 53389.80/60 a cc Nov 1, 2039 
Shoot 9 70 Hour Nook 
Prin1/Nrat, e 60 Hour Moak 
CO-CAPTAIN DRIVES CAMERA TRUCK 
Pap Mast Thasota attar Pau. DaY) 
Shoot 
laara 
I 
6.4 
Nook 
Weeks 
Nook 
U 
U 
U 
3,389.11 
5,053.21 
3.389.81 
53.393 
$31,341 
53.393 
s,... 
Taal 
35-03 
PASS VAN DRIVERS 1 
Toancor kcal 817 
Chauffour Rao $.9366.81/64 as cc ibv 1, 2009 
Shoot 9 70 Hour Nook 
Prop/Nrap 9 60 Hour Nook 
Nov112010/1daLauradol 
EFTA00593444
--- PAGE 26 ---
RBITRAGE 
arclualen ce Moan 35-03 
i ....4, 
iS 
A=la 
OnnptIon 
Alt 
[ILLY 
X 
Cur 
Rata 
Sub T 
Total 
PASS 41 
Pap 4Stast Than," altar PAIS. CA// 
Shoot 
Wrap 
6.4 
I 
Week 
Nooks, 
Week 
I 
I 
I 
U 
U 
U 
3,066.81 
4,571.76 
3.066.81 
53,067 
529,299 
53,067 
53%393 
535,393 
Taal 
35-04 
PASS VAN DRIVERS 2 
PASS 12 
Prop 
Shoot 
Wrap 
0.6 
6.4 
0.2 
Kook: 
Kook: 
Kook: 
I 
I 
.
J 
U 
U 
3,066.81 
4,571.76 
3,066.EL 
01,840 
829.30 
5613 
567,393 
531,71) 
Taal 
35-05 
CAMPERS/TRAILERS DRIVERS 
Tomscia !Axial 817 
Sst1.41 &Flint 
Rao 53389.81/64 as of Nay I, 2039 
Shoot e 70 Hour Atha 
Prop/Wrap e 64 Hour Mark 
DELUXE HONE/WAGON 
Prop 
Shoot 
Wrap 
..I 
Auuk, 
Auuk, 
U 
U 
U 
3,389.81 
5,053.24 
3.389.111 
5678 
032.341 
8678 
533,697 
2- BANGER 4I 
Prop 
Sins 
Wrap 
ia 
5.4 
:!... 
9.414: 
C$30ks. 
c$4 4k9 
I 
U 
U 
U 
3,389.81 
5,093.24 
3,389.81 
8678 
032041 
96/8 
033,697 
Taal 
15-C6 
CONSTRUCTION/SWING/PIGGING 
Toluca: LAtal. 817 
Neatakr. 
I 
J 
3.066.81 
$9.20) 
521,455 
Chauffaur Paco 0366.81/64 as of Ito 1, 2009 
ProD/Shaat/Wraof 64 Hour Wet 
CONSTRUCTION/4111NC DRIVER 
Pap / Saa:t / Wen 
$9.20) 
RIGGING GRIP/ELECTRIC TRUCK DRIVER 
Proo/ShootniYa0 
N3335 
I 
U 
3.566.8: 
512,267 
512,267 
Tccal 
15-07 
GRIP 
Tomcat Local 817 
J.4 
.‘„,,, 
4..53 
Nuuk: 
I 
I 
I 
U 
U 
U 
3,066.61 
4,571.76 
3,066.81 
51.227 
52%114 
51.227 
Chaaffour Paco 0366.81/64 as of Ito 1, 2009 
Shoot 9 70 Roar Nook 
Prep/Wrap e 64 lb= Nook 
GRIP TRUCK DRIVER 
Prop 
Shoot 
Prop 
531,713 
Taal 
35-09 
ELECTRIC 
7.204Cer LAS 817 
Chsafflair Rwo 63066.81/64 as of Ito 1, 2009 
Repot. e 70 Hour went 
Prop/Wrap 9 64 Hour Wok 
Side 5295 10 for 64 Wan 
MOv112014:01dc:Lauzi.cibl 
EFTA00593445
--- PAGE 27 ---
.0.81TRACE 
Orr-Imam et Paco= 35-09 
1-.4.a 
Pala 
biralption 
Aet 
LILLY 
X 
Cur 
Pats 
Sub T 
Total 
ELECTRIC TRUCK DRIVER 
Prop 
Moot 
Wrap 
0.4 
6.4 
0.4 
Kooks 
Kooks 
Kooks 
I 
I 
I 
U 
U 
U 
3,066.81 
4,095.51 
3,066.81 
51,22 
Sr....: 
828.215 
Te as 
35-10 
SET DRESSING 
Tearoom Local. 817 
f.4 
...aka 
...aka 
Kooks 
Nook 
I 
I 
I 
U 
U 
U 
U 
3,066.81 
3,066.81 
3,066.81 
3,066.81 
56.907 
5513 
519,628 
53,067 
Chauffeur Wee 53066.81/64 as of Ito 1, 2009 
Prop/ShcotAtrap p 64 Sour Nook 
Seale 52563.10 for 64 Musa 
SET DRESSING TRUCK DRIVER 
Prep 
iblirby 
Shoot 
Wrap 
kcal 
35-11 
PROPS 
Tanta Local 817 
,......,.. 
.....ok: 
......k‘ 
. 
C 
C 
3,066.81 
0,571.76 
3,066.81 
536,405 
Ovuffour Wed 53066.81/64 as of Ito 1, 2009 
Moot 6 70 Hour Nook 
Prop/Wrap e 64 bout lkok 
PROP TRUCK DRIVER 
Prop Wert Thawhy after Pero. Coy) 
Shoot 
Wrap 
Taal 
35-12 
HAIR/MAKEUP/WARDROBE C01480 
'Sanaa boa 817 
41:., / N1 Eqsiprort Rafe 53389.84/64 as of Roo 1, 2609 
Shoot 6 70 Hour Meet 
Prop/Nrap e 64 Mut Nook 
HAIR/14U/WARDROBE DRIVER 
Pap Milt Tharday attar Pao. toy) 
SIxot 
Prop 
I 
do.). 
Nook:. 
c‘..k:: 
. 
I 
I 
U 
U 
3,389.61 
5,053.24 
3,389.64 
53,390 
532.341 
8678 
Taal 
I 
15-13 
SPECIALTY DRIVERS 
I 
Tatman Weal. 817 
Wekt4Iti 
I 
U 
5,053.21 
58,085 
51*, lie 
;octal Erplpont Rao 53369.84/54 as of Roo 1, 2609 
Chain.= Paco 53066.81/64 as of ikv 1, 2009 
Moot 5 70 Hour Woof 
Prop/Wrap e 64 Hour Mak 
CAMERA CAR DRIVER 
SIxot 
58,085 
WATER TRUCK DRIVER 
Shoot 
W.a.akc. 
I 
U 
5,053.24 
510,106 
510,106 
Taal 
15-14 
ADDITIONAL DRIVERS 
Timmer Laos]. 817 
S 
Weeks 
I 
V 
4,571.76 
521.859 
Sa2lal Erplcront Rata 53369.24/64 as of tai 1. 2C09 
Ovuffour Wed 53066.81/64 as of tbv 1, X09 
Moot 5 70 Hour Nook 
Prop/Nrap e 64 Hour Maek 
DRIVER ALLOWANCE 
Shoot 
Mov11201Cfbck:Laura.nb0 
EFTA00593446
--- PAGE 28 ---
LRBITRICE 
arcistur-ln et >am= 35-14 
i ..,.a 
2, 
Dag 
twiscrlptlan 
Aat 
Units 
X 
Cur 
rata 
Sub T 
Total 
Taal 
522,669 
15-17 
VEHICLES 
PASSENGER VAN #1 
Prop 
I 
10,4). 
I 
SCO 
5500 
Static 
6.4 
a..ka 
I 
SCO 
53,200 
Wrap 
0.2 
a..ka 
I 
SCO 
$100 
53,800 
PASSENGER VAN #2 
Prop 
I 
?Mat 
I 
U 
SCO 
$500 
Sbaac 
6.4 
a..ka 
I 
SCO 
53,200 
Wrap 
0.2 
a..ka 
I 
SCO 
$100 
53,800 
DELUXE RONEYWACON 
Prop 
0.2 
a..ka 
I 
2.0) 
$530 
Static 
6.4 
a..ka 
I 
2.09 
516,560 
Wrap 
0.2 
a..ka 
I 
2.0) 
WOO 
5111.020 
- SANGER al 
Prop 
0.2 
a..ka 
I 
2.10) 
$500 
Marc 
6.4 
a..ka 
I 
2.10) 
514000 
Wrap 
0.2 
a..ka 
I 
2.10) 
6500 
517,000 
- SANGER 82 
Prop 
0.2 
Weak: 
I 
2.10) 
4500 
Static 
6.4 
Week: 
I 
2.10) 
516,091 
Wrap 
0.2 
Weak: 
I 
2.10) 
MO 
517,000 
CONSTRUCTION / SWING TRUCK 
Prop/shaatntrap 
Kook: 
I 
2.10) 
54,500 
54,500 
GRIP TRACTOR/TRAILER 
Prep 
0.4 
Kook: 
I 
1.192 
5411 
Shoat 
6.4 
crook: 
I 
J 
1.192 
57,629 
Wrap 
0.4 
Haaka 
I 
J 
1.192 
5411 
55,582 
RIGGING GRIP TRUCK 
Static 
Waaka 
I 
J 
5.00 
53,600 
53,600 
CAMERA/SOUND TRUCK 
24' Usk W Law* 
Prep 
0.4 
Waaka 
I 
J 
1,060 
$424 
Static 
6.4 
Waaka 
I 
J 
1,060 
56,784 
Wrap 
0.2 
W..ka 
I 
J 
1,060 
$212 
57,420 
ELECTRIC TRUCK W/ GE1MY 
Prep 
0.4 
Na.k.. 
I 
U 
2.107 
$640 
Shoat 
6.4 
Naak. 
I 
2,10) 
513,440 
Wrap 
0.4 
aa.k. 
I 
U 
2.10) 
5940 
515,120 
RIGGING ELECTRIC TRUCK 
Static 
I 
53,600 
53,60 
SET DRESSING ill TRUCK 
U 
Prop 
Hooks 
I 
U 
750 
51,500 
Static 
6.4 
Weeks 
t 
U 
750 
$4,800 
Wrap 
I 
weak 
I 
U 
750 
VW 
57,050 
PROP TRUCK 
U 
Prop 
I 
Weak 
I 
U 
950 
$950 
Shoat 
6.4 
Weeks 
t 
U 
950 
56,080 
Wrap 
0.6 
Weeks 
I 
U 
550 
$530 
499112010llck:Laura dal 
EFTA00593447
--- PAGE 29 ---
.RBITRICE 
ankmatan et >am= 35-17 
i ......., 
Pala 
bisalptlan 
Aat 
Unita 
X 
Cur 
-ao 
Rata 
Sub T 
Total 
57,603 
5160.132 
MAKEUP/HAIR/WARDROBE 
Prop 
Slam 
Wrap 
6.4 
0.2 
Neck 
Weeks 
Weeks 
I 
I 
I 
U 
U 
U 
U 
2,900 
2,900 
2,900 
52,900 
818.560 
5580 
822.040 
CAMERA CAR 
Car a Pascua Talks* 
Gaya 
I 
U 
U 
2,000 
014000 
814000 
WATER TRUCK 
Alloorwa 
04,.. 
I 
J 
1,000 
010.000 
810.000 
ADO' L VEHICLES 
Atlas= 
Alla 
I 
U 
15,010 
815.000 
815.000 
Taal 
15-20 
FUEL/OIL PURCHASES 
Prep 
Soot 
Wrap 
6.4 
I 
Weeks 
Hook: 
Alla 
I 
I 
U 
U 
U 
2,000 
5,500 
2.000 
84,003 
83%200 
82,000 
841,200 
Taal 
15-22 
TOLLS/TAXIS 
Mara -bile 
I 
AI:a 
I 
J 
15.316 
515,000 
515,030 
Taal 
15-Z1 
SUBWAYS/TRAINS 
Subway 
l 
5.500 
55,500 
55,500 
Taal 
15-26 
DRIVER MEAL MONEY 
Mamba 
04).. 
510,830 
510.510 
Taal 
15-30 
SUPPLIES 
Taller S gaiia 
Alla 
I 
U 
1.S0) 
81,500 
51,500 
Taal 
15-41 
REPAIRS a MAINTENANCE 
Raba 
Wmara900 cams 
Al:a 
Days 
I 
I 
U 
J 
3.000 
300 
53,000 
54,800 
87,803 
Taal 
35-48 
MISSING a DAMAGE 
Alison 
Ai:a 
I 
J 
2.00) 
52.00) 
62,000 
Taal 
Roast total Let 35.00 
5712.731 
36-00 
.OG11510445 
3601 
LOCATION MANAGER 
Eat Salo Studio Hoak 52645 Studio Pate 
Lou Wawa DM 4C 5 905 Sala 
la Et.doot DM 45 5 805 scale 
&data e 1005 Studio Mak 
SA.V.2 
so
Prep 
Sax 
Wrap 
C OA 
6.4 
I 
I 
Weeks 
Weeks 
Week 
Week 
I 
I 
CCCC 
2,417 
2,417 
2,417 
2,417 
816.919 
815.469 
52,417 
52,417 
Taal 
36-02 
ASS? LOCATION MANAGER 
ASSISTANT LOCATION MANAGER I 
Prep 
&,00t 
Wrap 
5.4 
I 
Weeks 
Weeks 
Weak 
I 
I 
U 
U 
U 
2,000 
2,000 
2,000 
810.000 
812.800 
82,000 
Nov112010/ick:Laura.c.b1 
EFTA00593448
--- PAGE 30 ---
'RBI TRACE 
arclnum2m a Amax 36-02 
i ..,... 
5_i 
tisaalptIon 
Oat 
Unite 
X 
Cur 
Rata 
Sub T 
Total 
9.24,E0 
636,550 
ASSISTANT LOCATION MANAGER 
Prop 
Moot 
Nrap 
6.4 
Nooks 
Nooks 
Waaks 
U 
U 
U 
1,250 
1,250 
1,250 
$3,750 
(43,000 
ao 
$11,750 
Itch' 
36-03 
ADDITIONAL LABOR 
SCOUTS 
Pro-Prop 
Pap=lattl4n 
> 
- 
Days 
Da}s 
I 
I 
U 
NO 
300 
$3,100 
$9,600 
518,440 
511,700 
LOC11710113/UNIT PA 
Prop 
Moot 
'drip 
I 
6.4 
I 
N005 
ti.rok$ 
N005 
I 
I 
I 
U 
U 
U 
650 
650 
650 
$650 
54,160 
$650 
55,460 
ADDITIONAL LOCATIONS PA 
Waak$ 
I 
U 
650 
$1,300 
$1,300 
Taal 
36-04 
SCOUTING COSTS 
Impelm Sunev Oars 
Toth Sac Eta Portal 
moo 
Days 
U 
U 
1,003 
1.503 
$1,000 
$3,007 
54,007 
Taal 
36-05 
PARKING PA'S 
Palm ftotd1Amor 
Parldm PA'a 
RIAU* Coma 
6.4 
Days 
Days 
Weeks 
il 
250 
135 
150 
510,'500 
56;3'0 
$540 
55M00 
Mal 
36-07 
FIRE SAFETY OFFICER 
Days 
U 
53.203 
53.243 
Mal 
36-011 
FIRST AID 
001 / SET SEDIC 
71ro 3 Sala a 627.55 
Moot 
Da.- 
.21 
27.55 
62,376 
5.2.8, 6 
62,376 
009 / FIRST AID SUPPLIES 
All
l 
AL:o, 
500 
$500 
$500 
Taal 
36-13 
CATERING 
Cast/C0a, groan= only 
Cast/C0a, Pecukfax 6 lamb 
I
. Parpra, Gas 
Bata Haag 
ilLsc/baroragas 
::: 
D.,- 
Days 
Day 
mndaya 
Da” 
E 
a: 
I 
U 
U 
U 
3C0 
300 
514,080 
520,403 
59,600 
59,776 
59,600 
563,536 
Soul Heals 
I 
AI:os 
I 
U 
2.003 
52,000 
62,000 
PRODUCTION OFFICE HEALS 
Prop 
Sam 
Wrap 
Days 
Days 
Days 
U 
U 
U 
U 
$4,007 
$6,400 
$1,500 
511,900 
Drop Mal Allan AINtScrol Malt 
=au 
I 
U 
3.00) 
$3,000 
$3,000 
Off Set Malls 
Days 
U 
96,400 
NovILIO1011ok:Lauradol 
EFTA00593449
--- PAGE 31 ---
iRBITRICE 
.aciialim a Amax 36-13 
w>a 
Oat. 
O9c1IR.4n 
Aat 
Unita 
X 
Cur 
Rata 
Sub T 
Total 
56.433 
589,524 
DCA Hal bbnoy 
24,-
'
U 
52.$58 
$2,688 
Taal 
36-26 
CATERING LABOR 
001 / HEAD CHEF 
Pap 
Shoot 
Day 
0418 
15.50 
U 
U 
275 
5275 
513,839 
54,,.<61 
814,143 
002 / ASST NEP - Hon Union 
Pap 
Shoot 
Day 
0418 
15.50 
C 
C 
250 
5250 
510,912 
811,152 
009 / 30U'L WIPER - Nan Union 
Prop 
380c 
Day.. 
085.4 
511,969 
511,969 
828,936 
Taal 
36-28 
PERMITS I FEES 
8.11844 
I 
3,500 
53,500 
83,500 
Taal 
36-31 
CATERING/EXTRAS HOLDING 
Iblatrq 
Day.. 
I 
U 
1.005 
532.020 
532.010 
532.000 
Taal 
36-33 
SITE RENTAL 
Dava 
I 
U 
4,500 
5144,000 
8144,000 
5144,000 
Taal 
36-34 
PARKING 
PARKING / 1014 
Padasko Patn) -Ally 
Ala 
A1:444 
U 
U 
U 
12,010 
400 
813.020 
53,200 
515,2CO 
Taal 
36-45 
LOCATION SUPPLIES I RISC. 
Damotara 
Pat a anion 
Mat Aral Aga 
lops mans 
I 
Day.. 
Nook 
Alloy 
Alloy 
Alta 
I 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
2,000 
1,445 
2,500 
1,000 
52,240 
52,000 
51,445 
52,500 
51,000 
55.1BL 
UNIT SUPPLIES 
Taal 
36-48 
RESTORATION 
Alb:manna 
Day.. 
I 
U 
500 
54.505 
57.501 
ktal 
36-78 
BOX RENTAL 
001 / lotatim Haw= 
022 / Asa loonlo‘ My 81 
CO3 /Flat Aid 
I 
11.8 
Alta 
ti..kr., 
Day.. 
I 
I 
I 
U 
U 
U 
1,000 
51.003 
5550 
$150 
St 743 
Taal 
36-79 
CAR RENTALS 
WI / lonatien lavuour - MEP alai 
1.comia‘tataa( - SMOT 0:riatt 
002 / Asa Lantlablay 81 
CO3 / Amt koala% My *2 
004 / Iamtl05 Scan 
035 / twit PA Cam:. 
" 
7.4 
11.8 
8.4 
4) 
, 
8....k. 
8....k. 
ti..kr., 
8....k.. 
Day.. 
ti..kr., 
321 
188 
321 
188 
334.5 
$2.247 
51.351 
53.788 
51.579 
51.200 
$2.342 
512,547 
Taal 
acme! Taal Tot 3600 
0523, 625 
Nov1120104ick:Lauradol 
EFTA00593450
--- PAGE 32 ---
RFi I TRA e 
1...,,, 
-,'. 
Mete 
DascciptIca 
Aat 
Unita 
Cos 
Pau 
Sob T 
Total 
17-00 AIX Illant 
a /0IDaia 
37-C6 
PICTURE CARS 
Day Rao Bat® an 8 flours - TroNcln; Ircl.,,Sal 
MAYBACK 
LIMO 
5£RCEOES 180 SEL 
MERCEDES 180 SEL 'CRASHED 0.111 
POLICE CARS 82 
AMBULANCE 
FIRE TRUCK 
DET CAR 
I 
Daya 
Daya 
Daya 
Days 
Days 
Days 
Days 
Allan 
U 
V 
U 
U 
U 
U 
1,500 
550 
3,000 
1,100 
500 
2,000 
1,000 
6,500 
57,500 
53,000 
99,000 
53,300 
52,000 
54,000 
52,000 
54,500 
,13-.+:: 
515,330 
SkIna for Poll®. Mbilmoo, Fire Took 
Lkor to Xply ScIne 
Allan 
Alla. 
V 
3.000 
1.C® 
53,000 
51,000 
54.000 
Total 
- 
Ilata1 Etc 3700 
539.300 
38-00 
RUM a IJUIORATORY 
35.0: 
RAN STOCK 
&apt® at Kodak St®, Pao 
A4B Canon 
Allitional Is Cm Foxe® 
Days 
Daya 
6,000 
2.000 
U 
0.5 
0.5 
996.03, 
98,C00 
9104.C® 
Taal 
38-02 
DEVELOP 
Mauna Whim Laba 
Devalaplag 903 
MB Camara 
Allitlonal ll Cat Footage 
192,000 
16,000 
Fast 
Feet 
0.55 
0.55 
U 
0.09 
0.09 
516,416 
51,368 
517,784 
Taal 
38-03 
PRINT 
PrUCBQ - Dam Clay 
12,000 
Foot 
I 
U 
0.35 
54,200 
,4...c
Taal 
38-11 
TELECINE 
TELECINE 
MB Canova 
At ftranal B Cron 
192,000 
16,000 
Fax 
Fax 
V 
0.2 
0.2 
539,360 
53,200 
Sy. ‘ : 
542,640 
Final at Pea 01.02.0:40 
DA Wilco 
DM Orate& g meal 
meta 64 idn 
DVD Burner 
I 
Days 
Days 
Days 
Days 
Alla. 
1.5 
V 
V 
V 
U 
U 
125 
500 
56,000 
51,600 
53,200 
51,440 
5500 
Total 
38-80 
MISCELLANEOUS EXPENSES 
Allakroa 
A31,3, 
l 
1,500 
51,500 
... ..• 
Taal 
Amt 
Wen fez 30-00 
5182.544 
40-00 
rant 
40-01 
STAGE FACILITY 
Peep 
Shea 
Wrap 
I 
Meek 
Meek 
week 
U 
U 
U 
6,000 
10,0® 
6,400 
56,030 
510,003 
56,030 
522.0X 
Total 
40-02 
EQUIPMENT 
Allman® 
AL1,3, 
U 
10,003 
510,010 
910.03: 
Taal 
40-33 
UTILITIES 
Allaaa, 
3...s 
U 
2,500 
55,030 
55,000 
Taal 
40-33 
STAGE LABOR 
NovIL201011d0Lauza dal 
EFTA00593451
--- PAGE 33 ---
'MITE 
anisuallen 
E 
C Paco= 40-03 
V 
I'....... 
Rota 
EtiNcaptlan 
Aat 
tinits 
X 
Cur 
•
Pass 
Sub T 
Total 
Sap Els=Is 
Prop 
Moot 
Eras 
D.,- 
D.,- 
D.,- 
4.45 
.C.45 
37.45 
51.279 
51.279 
5163 
83,410 
Taal 
/adze 
tea 40-00 
Sex& 
r
41-00 
SITS 
41-01 
TESTS - HAIR I NU 
MU Test 
labor 
I 
Day 
1.503 
51.9.07 
53.9.0) 
51.9.03 
ADDITIONAL ALLOWANCE FOR: 
lab 
Fool 
11:onrattatirn 
/Etc. B8.71part - Llaara 
Easn1b144 
I 
7.17,3, 
J 
J 
J 
J 
J 
J 
2.00) 
52.003 
Taal 
41-02 
TESTS - LENS a CAMERA TEST 
Lana a Fcccata Mu 
Astons S PanayIsIos 
labor 
Al:/.... 
1.500 
51,500 
82,250 
51,500 
HIscalJametve Alloan 
Al:‘,... 
750 
8750 
Taal 
- 
total tea 41-00 
45,750 
44-00 
ATI. PRINCE 
•FICA 
•P/R ItANDLING 
EXTRAS HANDL, NG 
DOA P a II OIL 
*fill 
*SUE 
•14/C CREll 
•NEDICARE 
SAG EXTRAS 
IATSE PRE a LAP 
110 
817 bowman. 
&29176GlI98 
DGAVAC 
OGAROL 
ADD600 
IA Halth 
IM 12 hour 
UP 10 Hour 
IAP 13 Hour 
IAP 14 Hour 
6.21 
t 
20.58 
14.6258 
0.81 
4.11 
131 
1.791 
151 
401 
18.391 
26% 
106 
3.7191 
118 
127 
137 
I 
Days 
Days 
Days 
Days 
Days 
Days 
1,794,610.45 
1,s53,4,93.as 
152,1913 
308,711.08 
638,793.61 
744979.19 
2,032..892.29 
1,794,610.45 
152,191.9 
14,436.4 
228,814.62 
044366.95 
66,380 
325,519.38 
325,519.38 
181.5 
873,636.09 
9240.12 
19,104.15 
107,110.6 
0,389.07 
111,246 
78,139 
31,199 
45,149 
5,110 
30,626 
30,493 
32,124 
22,829 
5,775 
42,079 
116,056 
66,360 
13,021 
12,106 
182 
52,418 
92,163 
19,104 
107,111 
0,389 
47917,698 
TOTAL PRODUCTION 
55,062,999 
Nov112010/Ickaauradol 
EFTA00593452
--- PAGE 34 ---
PRIDE°. E 
I ,... 
..) 
Acct. 
Deacciptics 
Aet 
Unit. 
X 
Cut 
Rate 
Sub T 
Total 
45-00 
/044T-PROD 091204 
45-01 
OFFICE RENT 
Ma PioebtUen 
Weeks 
250 
84,500 
64.500 
Taal 
45-04 
PHONES / FAX / INTERNET 
Poet 
Huai 
l 
150 
82,700 
62,700 
Total 
45-03 
STATIONARY / PHOTOCOPYING 
Weeks 
C 
250 
84,500 
54.500 
laaf 
45-10 
COURIERS 
Weeks 
U 
125 
82,230 
Total 
45-20 
STORAGE 
Alkm [the 
Klan 
U 
1,500 
81,500 
$1,500 
Ia.: 
Account Petal Ike 05-00 
015,450 
46-00 
POST-1100 CREW 
46-02 
POST PRODUCTION SUPERVISOR 
Pot -.Ulna 
Pox -attar Edeal plane 
Weeks 
Weeks 
1,500 
1,500 
924,002 
93,000 
5..-..). 
Taal 
46-06 
EDITOR 
Scala 63.901.E 
Shoot 
EEL 
6.0 
Weeks 
Weeks 
U 
U 
3,000 
3,000 
819,200 
803,030 
80,202 
867,200 
Total 
46-CE 
FIRST ASSISTANT EDITOR 
IJECR - Molaar 00itx 
81,696.19 
Moot - IA 45 Pant Nat 
Po's - /A 45 Nos 'am: 
6.0 
Weeks 
Weeks 
U 
U 
1,1186.19 
1,016.19 
810,792 
926,979 
837,771 
Taal 
46-10 
POST-PRODUCTION ACCOUNTANT 
Aeon 2 day weak Per IA Fringe 
Pokt 
X 
N.....s 
1.000 
920,030 
820,020 
Taal 
46-20 
DIRECTOR OF PHOTOGRAPHY IGRADING) 
Ogotro a 1/2 Mom dam Mae is ~eta* 
Nggari 
0.000 
88.030 
98,000 
Itt-i1 
Account betel Ike 46-00 
0159,971 
47-00 
PICTURE POST-MOD 
4, -01 
CUTTING ROOMS 
ansirg Pan 
Shoat 
Past 
Ast Cutting Root 
Shox 
Mkt 
6.4 
6.0 
?Jean 
Weeks 
Weeks 
Weeks 
U 
U 
U 
LI 
3)3 
3)0 
3)0 
3)0 
$1.520 
54.800 
51.•020 
54.800 
. 
Taal 
4/-CG 
EQUIPMENT 
Ern= Mg 
Shms 
Poet 
Mot Sensor And 
Poet 
ADDITIONAL DRIVES 
6.0 
21.4 
Weeks 
Weeks 
Weeks 
Weeks 
V 
V 
U 
U 
1,CCO 
1. C" 
1.000 
400 
56.400 
$16.030 
616.0X. 
59.760 
$48,160 
Taai 
Nov11201011diztaura.ntd 
EFTA00593453
--- PAGE 35 ---
RBITRA.3E 
lal 
beaciptlat 
Aet 
Unita 
X 
Cur 
Ra* 
Sub t 
Total 
47-06 
DIGITAL INTERMEDIATE 
Z( ar, fan Tan Izb alla - aarlongt, 
My aards 
Molta! Ogonam 
earace/datbar-Ing 
a Caa In 30 sard m dop avadal) 
lamp ta alamt  - fila os ce dab gel In papa 
Faxut FIN as n 
dien to Tan Ol nad - 6 nad 
Farsy 01 na <NS 
• 1450 Kirt aul In DI tlInas) 
Taaluso Fila os co ra 
131 na - 5 ran 
Baba DI na a.okinat e asa slis lal In DI file as) 
Setwarg remu - Ist ..sciardsq of aul) mal Isbad 
ICO,CCO 
140,000 
- SD 
:23 
()and 
Flat 
Daya 
Daya 
Sura 
Pat 
as 
as 
U 
V 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
0.31 
0.03 
3,CCO 
1, 500 
500 
400 
no 
eo 
94,760 
99,000 
912,000 
935,000 
eo 
$49,200 
81,150 
3111,1:C 
Taal 
47-Ra 
LAB ELEMDITS 
Iro~la 
of fata 
Daquatlw id todad at (tand 
Ircanusts, <C Sado 
Irratrodad, ce 
^Lal PC. elita 
9,500 
500 
9,900 
500 
9,910 
500 
Fuut 
Ilias 
Flat 
Fat 
Pat 
Pat 
U 
V 
U 
U 
U 
U 
1-2 
1.2 
1.2 
911,8130 
0500 
911,8130 
0500 
911,8130 
$1.000 
$41,793 
allet flat ce Batuto R. Id( 
aard Prim et wala 
937,640 
a'ao plis 
maa pac tbr sUsalla 
9,500 
9,500 
Font 
Fat 
V 
V 
0.12 
0.15 
$1,188 
81,485 
$2,673 
Omblad Maa para 
9,500 
Fat 
U 
0.15 
81,485 
Taal 
4).12 
VISUM. EFFECTS 
Alla 
U 
35,003 
935,000 
Taras 
47-15 
VIDEO DELIVERY ELEMENTS 
(all mm ur lada utc-kos 4112101.9 aas fosa« 
Ddro ZI-Illtaa Odgo116:9 IB of angina awal rano trel allo laad( 
Ion n-iirsok tuko) 16:9 FP 11.781 bul ano !abak 
ha 21-14:C alk algo) 4:3 W Pandan (1.33 ~raba 
lticl ano 14536.1 
Ion 2.MIX Catbx,) Waal opas cap Nel salo 34b
lun 25-12rX Olgttota 16:9 AR Ina ano laglack 
Iran 24-e= Olgitota 4:3 FT Paradm lal ano laba 
Ira 2)494. Olelba Ctidal aspas milo kul anto Libida 
Ast 23-Pal 21,11,sa 16:9 MA Ira ano lasek 
lun, 274d1 :aga ta 4:3 W Pa"
 Irgi ano ustua 
PAL &C' (25tai 16:490. udek ESIC Ifor pat serge) 
AIla 
Sura 
Sura 
Sura 
Sura 
Sura 
Sura 
Sura 
Sura 
V 
>3,003 
o 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
930,000 
$0 
$0 
$0 
LO 
LO 
LO 
$0 
$0 
$30,000 
Ira C.1-1413r01 1.,Z,1/5(P))) 1&i9 1B oddali' agom rafo lal ano Lspack 
Iran C.2-11~ C•251/50P/ 16:9 F1R (1.78) I:41 ano la)back 
Ira C.3491 DIrdbau 16:9 na 0.78:1) trel sdk. lapa< 
ROM C.4-1 x DZ - tboxdal PP. lad LB angina/ asp= raio 
lun C.5-10 x MO ~Nada 
PAL laag IB Daghl agat ra So 
AUD., 
Sura 
Sura 
Sura 
U 
5,000 
O 
O 
O 
$5,000 
eo 
TO 
TO 
95,000 
Ran A.1.2-102Aalginu ospa axle, aa 
trel ano lagxdc 
Ran A-1.3-2 aal lO algInal agat rafo 
Alla 
Sura 
U 
2,500 
O 
82,500 
TO 
82,500 
Taal 
47-16 
GIUPNICS POR TITLES 4 CREDITS 
Pax Uran -at. Odro Wafla aam 
oxple4 
SS tolkt 
.b/lat 
Alla 
I 
U 
U 
15.00) 
5.«C 
915,000 
95.010 
920,030 
Taal 
Patce Maal Eee 47-00 
0307.coa 
48-00 
MOND POSE-8200 
48-02 
SOUND POST PROD 
Nov11201011dc:Laura.ntd 
EFTA00593454
--- PAGE 36 ---
laflualen 
'RBI TRACE 
C Await 49-02 
i .....a 
A 
Amt./ 
biloontptIon 
Ant 
Units 
X 
Cur 
Pau 
Sub T 
Total 
Final Mu 
Al:a.) 
I 
40,000 
540,010 
571.000 
540.000 
halo &Mutates 
Anov 
I 
10,010 
$106000 
510,000 
~dui Pea tam for Poo dock In anal at 
BHA cacao tor 3CR toomt0ltM 
Ano.: 
AlIod 
I 
I 
T.; 
J 
SCO 
SCO 
*CO 
*CO 
Taal 
49-04 
CROWD ARTISTS 
bxo Gros 
Aua, 
7.903 
$7,500 
$7,500 
Taal 
49-06 
DOLBY LICENCE a US 
Ron 12 - 001W40 olLso 
Clono of 14:0 
Al:co 
Al‘o., 
I 
9,003 
200 
59,000 
5200 
$9,200 
Taal 
ibl=0.,È total for 48-00 
487,700 
49-00 Midge a ARCMS 
49-04 
COMPOSER 
(Pc. all =tabu coul 
I 
AlIod 
I 
IZ,,CCO 
550.000 
< C. :
Taal 
Mama total tot 49-00 
550000 
59-00 
POST PRINCE 
•TICA 
•P/R HANDLING 
•filI 
•arI 
•14/C CREW 
•HEDICARE 
LX Mahn 
]AP 12 Millf 
1» 10 Hour 
]AP Post MCI 
6.21 
1 
0.89 
4.19 
1.59 
1.791 
118 
239 
Days 
Days 
kooks 
151,970.66 
159,970.66 
28,000 
34,000 
159,970.66 
151,970.66 
132,970.66 
14,344.76 
10,972.44 
4,7113 
9,422 
6,399 
224 
1,391 
2,400 
2,120 
7,778 
14,345 
10,973 
4,703 
. 5S7
TOTAL POST PRODUCTION 
0691.2116 
Nov1120142114knauxo.ntd 
EFTA00593455
--- PAGE 37 ---
R a 1 MA DE 
0....Ra 
a 
Mete 
0eeciptlm 
Aet 
tbit• 
X 
Cux 
la 
Bub S. 
Total 
65-00 MISCELLANEOUS CHARGES 
65-03 
LEGAL FEES 
001 / PRODUCTION ATTORNEY 
002 / LABOR ATTORNEY 
Alban 
Altai 
Ante 
U 
40,000 
5,000 
540,000 
55,000 
$45,033 
545,000 
Tata 
65-12 
BANK FEES 
Ana= 
Allen 
V 
500 
5500 
Taal 
65-10 
TELEPHONE 
001 / TELEPHONE / INTERNET 
Rae Insallar14n 
Usage 
Naas 
Fax usage 
Imam &pave / WW1 Saida% Bac 
3.5 
3.5 
Allen 
leant e 
leanthe 
AIWA 
AllO, 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
2,000 
2,500 
Z 
1,000 
1,000 
52,000 
58,150 
51,150 
51,000 
51,000 
519.0: 
514,500 
002 / CELL PROMS 
Cal Penn 
It 
U 
U 
100 
54,930 
54,930 
Tarsal 
65-15 
XEROX 
Cepler Asia- Ilalaixd Cadge 
3412.1 Naik Alliennea 
Dellway/IU 
14U1tIonal Dater Um* 
3.5 
Mane 
Allen 
Allen 
Moe 
U 
V 
U 
U 
931 
226 
320 
450 
53,154 
5226 
5320 
5450 
04.600 
54,150 
Cn Sat mp0er 
:Clot 
U 
650 
5650 
Taal 
65-16 
OFFICE SUPPLIES 
*tics Spallee 
Chaa Prifaln) 
Fo0ntore 
Allen 
Alto/ 
Allin 
U 
U 
U 
10,000 
LOCO 
800 
510,003 
$1,000 
5000 
511,830 
Taal 
.-5-10 
OFFICE EQUIPMENT PORCH/RENTAL 
001 / OFFICE EQUIP/FURNITURE 
PanaBsi Cake FtmUzura 
Cellway/PIely 
AS:Waal aThaa Rados. 
Poxistan Calm Parser 
Prolstion Cake Fax Nada, 
Dalkazy/Plelep 
Steel Bin 
Aoskrclio Safe 
Fax KRS01,33 
Panel 
Par.ani 
Pilft.a9 
Axonal"; Ompsers 
Atentlia 
alma 
AIWA 
leantla 
leantla 
Arlo.. 
Shreds 
Arlo.. 
it tithe 
16:.raha 
Manna 
leantla 
Allen 
Allen 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
U 
888 
816 
500 
127.2 
42.5 
NI 
100 
100 
100 
100 
967 
500 
53,952 
51,632 
5500 
5509 
5212 
532 
5255 
550 
%KO 
5403 
5400 
5400 
5967 
5500 
511,767 
510,209 
Mac Mao - Teat/Int 
Allen 
U 
1.556 
51,958 
51,958 
Taal 
65-20 
POSTAGE/SHIPPING 
110v1L201011c1aLaura .nOl 
EFTA00593456
--- PAGE 38 ---
RBITRACE 
Aanetim ce Pcoant 65-20 
i-..,,a 
Amt! 
Cracctittan 
Aat 
Unita 
lt 
Cut 
Fata 
Bub T 
Total 
001 / POSTAGE 
Alloonto 
Harn4
SOO 
51,500 
8,5
01,500 
002 / SRIPPING/FEDEX 
Alkaonto 
I 
Ano, 
7.000 
07,003 
07,003 
kcal 
65-2S 
OFFICE RENTAL 
PRODUCTION OFFICE REN? 
Mt flio0alm «De 1211141‘o 311 DO 
NY «nm - Pro Pre 
I 
Maat/4 
Alta, 
I 
I 
14,0“ 
1.002 
556.000 
51,000 
«4200 
557,000 
OFFICE PARKING 
Alkes= 
Maat/4 
ICO 
53,000 
82,003 
OFFICE JANITORIAL 
Cleanirq Sucv1to - 3 YUD& yor Da* 
Fete> Picke - 1 Visa par 14:44 
i 
NentIn 
Maat/4 
I 
I 
J 
StO 
250 
62,200 
81,003 
83,203 
STORAGE 
Dic Divaalny 
Alkes= 
Manch:. 
A:°. 
I 
I 
U 
U 
1,000 
1,000 
82,003 
81,003 
83,003 
kcal 
Noccont Total tot 6.5-00 
0166.90 
66-00 
24SCIRINCE 
66-01 
INSURANCE PACKAGE 
Profictic0 Pada
Eadattial Elen 
tkmtat Lieillty - In Frett Onoanto / En lerceto 
Nie] & Mnemolkt> Llatalicy 
Masters Corensatlon 
Iletcolla LLEdlIty - lcIfl In lagaterce 
t 
I 
I 
t 
Ary.,./ 
ALU>. 
Al:a. 
Al:a. 
22.23, 
22.23, 
22.23, 
Al:a. 
221.2o, 
AtIehe 
I 
110,000 
6,500 
8,003 
7,003 
1,000 
1,500 
4,503 
2,500 
1,500 
1,000 
CIDACOO 
56,500 
58,000 
$7,000 
51,000 
51,500 
54,500 
82,503 
01,500 
01,000 
093,500 
AlT1 Uitrab LiellIty la kenea 
Ciall hau) 
EE Nadiel Exan 
AITI WIzella - Imam 
k cal 
66-CC 
EM> INSURANCE 
FAO Imniranto 
I 
12,500 
812.500 
012.500
kcal 
66-10 
CAST EXANS 
Castile Crew exara 
Duorclal Elaurs 
aast. 
A1:01 
I 
150 
1,000 
81,503 
01,003 
82,503 
764 
Paeose Fetal tot 66-00 
0108,600 
67-00 ILINLIGITY 
Et-CC 
STILL PNOTOGRAPKER 
714a 3 Saab 
543.91 
MO 
Staat 
leaD 
I 
2.2 
I 
Dav 
Dava 
Dav 
II 
V
43.94 
TJ 
43.94 
43.94 
5352 
519,696 
5483 
kcal 
67-03 
STILL PURCHASE 4 RENTAL 
0300.41 *LID DUW4aOHW 
Alle 
3.002 
03.00) 
03.001 
Total 
67-05 
UNIT PUBLICIST 
I 
Mai 
I 
U 
6.002 
56.002 
Mov11201011.2eztauza.ntd 
EFTA00593457
--- PAGE 39 ---
,RBITRAGE 
arckuan 
C kin= 
67-C6 
Ewa, 
A=la 
OmarPotion 
Aat 
Data 
X 
OD 
Rata 
Sub T 
Total 
Taal 
66,000 
67-16 
MARKETING 
001. Pt 
la 
- MallomIsq Elomma 
Al‘o, 
1,550,0:0 
81,580,000 
51,550,000 
Taal 
67-78 
BOX RENTALS 
Sall tharscpctor Wt 
D.,,- 
100 
83,200 
03,203 
kcal 
67-80 
EP X 
EPK Cr4V 
Alka 
6,C0) 
56.00) 
56,000 
Taal 
Ikon& Mal fat 6740 
01,51111,T2D 
CONTINGENCY : 10.01 
5655,492 
801.0 : 2.0% 
0191,098 
71-00 
&PETS PRINCE 
•FICA 
•P/R HANDLING 
KM 
•SJI 
•II/C CREll 
•MEDICARE 
ARAMS: 
UP U hoar 
UP 10 Hour 
6.21 
6% 
0.8% 
4.1% 
1.5% 
1.791 
118 
I 
Days 
Days 
20,519.93 
23,719.90 
7,000 
8,500 
20,519.93 
20.519.18 
20.519.% 
3,762.56 
195.94 
1,272 
949 
348 
338 
367 
1,231 
3,763 
196 
$8,430 
TOTAL OTEER 
Obv11201011ck:Lluea.nb0 
EFTA00593458
--- PAGE 40 ---
pig 
©©
Bob T_ 
42.724,267 
TOTAL FMCS a CONTINGENCY 
Nov112010lldol.auza .ntd 
EFTA00593459
--- PAGE 41 ---
1th I TRA ..E 
P.,r 
il: 
heal 
DoscrIptle 
kat 
Date 
X 
Cur 
Y. 
Sub T 
Ibtal 
Total Akova-Thar-Ilna 
42.191,153 
Total Way-ilk -lard 
ace.
Total Above and balow-Tho-Lirs 
110,656,505 
Grand Total 
$10.66.505 
Mov112010,1ck:Lauraded 
EFTA00593460

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593461.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593461.pdf
----------------------------------------
"ARBITRAGE"
Screenplay by 
Nicholas Jarecki 
EFTA00593461
--- PAGE 2 ---
CLOUDS GIVE WAY TO A: 
FALCON 900EX - SOARING THROUGH THE SKIES AT 550MPH 
And we push in through one of the porthole windows of the 
speeding airplane, revealing... 
INT. FALCON 
A sleek, slate-gray cabin, divided into three seating areas. 
At the back of the plane, five AIDES DE CAMP chatter in hushed 
tones, pouring over a sea of red-inked paper. GAVIN BRIAR 
(42), stands, smooths his suit, and walks forward, passing an 
empty conference table and approaching... 
ROBERT MILLER (65) 
who sits alone in his private area facing the cockpit, 
scribbling his own red-ink across a stack of CONTRACT 
DOCUMENTS. We haven't seen his face yet, just his back, but 
his effortless slouch, graying hair, and all-commanding 
mannerisms make one thing clear: Robert's our man. 
GAVIN 
(touching his shoulder) 
Robert... 
Robert turns and looks up at Gavin, just an inch startled. 
GAVIN (CONT'D) 
Sorry. 
ROBERT 
(as Gavin sits) 
Would you mind terribly pouring 
me a coffee? 
Gavin straightens obligingly, steps into the galley and pours 
out a cup. He brings it back. 
GAVIN 
(sitting) 
You're disappointed. 
ROBERT 
No. We'll get it done. 
GAVIN 
Are you angry with me? 
ROBERT 
Quants? Derivatives structures? 
What was that? 
EFTA00593462
--- PAGE 3 ---
2. 
GAVIN 
It makes no sense. 
ROBERT 
That's what you said last week. 
Why'd we go down there? 
GAVIN 
To sign. 
They LAUGH. 
To sign. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
Instead I fly two thousand 
for a marketing meeting... 
where was Mayfield? What's 
"emergency" nonsense? 
miles 
And 
this 
GAVIN 
(after a beat) 
Have you talked to the auditors? 
ROBERT 
Why? 
GAVIN 
Let's say we don't close this 
ROBERT 
(looks down) 
Let me get back to my papers. 
Gavin shuffles off. The AIRPHONE rings. 
ROBERT 
week... 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
(into phone) 
Yeah... No, sweetie. We're just 
coming in now... 
(pressing the AIRSHOW) 
About ten minutes... 
EXT. TETERBORO AIRFIELD - MOMENTS LATER 
The ROAR of thirty million dollars landing near tall grass. 
EXT. HANGER - CONTINUOUS 
Robert walks down the passenger steps 
followed by Gavin and the aides. They 
MERCEDES MAYBACH. The aides hand file 
the Hispanic driver, RAMON, who loads 
onto the tarmac, 
approach a waiting 
BOXES and BRIEFCASES to 
them into the trunk. 
EFTA00593463
--- PAGE 4 ---
3. 
INT. LIMO - CONTINUOUS 
Robert and Gavin sit as the limo drives off. 
An "INCOMING MAIL" FOLDER lies on the counter. Robert flips 
through it, scanning correspondence until he stops at an ENVELOPE 
bearing a Soviet flag. It's marked: "PERSONAL AND CONFIDENTIAL." 
He opens it. CLOSE ON THE LETTER: 
"Respublika Sakha, Siberian Interior Ministry --
Dear Mr. Miller, as previously stated, due to presidential 
veto we must deny your request for the proceeds transfer of 
$412 Million USD from the Sakha Mining Corporation. 
Very Truly Yours, Alexei Materov, Deputy Minister." 
Robert's face tightens. He folds the letter into his pocket. 
GAVIN 
Everything alright? 
ROBERT 
Fine. 
They stare ahead into space. Robert opens another FOLDER. 
GAVIN 
Something's still bothering you. 
ROBERT 
(marking up a document) 
Mayfield. 
GAVIN 
Maybe he really did have an emergency... 
Robert looks up at Gavin disapprovingly, then turns back to 
his papers. 
EXT. STREETS - CONTINUOUS 
The blur of city lights as the limo approaches 
EXT. GRACIE SQUARE - ROBERT'S MANSION - CONTINUOUS 
An enormous turn-of-the-last-century Stanford-White-designed 
red-brick MANSION- two already-giant townhouses combined. 
Robert and Gavin exit the limo and head inside. 
EFTA00593464
--- PAGE 5 ---
4. 
INT. ROBERT'S MANSION - ENTRY HALL - CONTINUOUS 
It's our first glimpse of Robert's home, and it doesn't 
disappoint. It's an 1850's Tudor given a full once-over, 
maintaining period details but updated with a Modernist 
flair. It actually works. 
A SERVANT takes Robert's briefcase from him as he enters, 
handing him three small PRESENTS which he puts under his arm. 
We HEAR sounds of a DINNER PARTY complete with CHILDREN 
laughing. Hold on Robert's face- some mixture of excitement 
and anticipation. 
INT. DINING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 
A party in progress, dinner already served. 
Seated around a large square table are: ELLEN (60, Robert's 
wife), BROOKE (36, Robert's daughter), PETER (34, Robert's 
son), TOM (Brooke's husband), ANNE (Peter's wife), and 
THREE GRANDCHILDREN. 
Ellen's playing with one of the kids. She sees Robert. 
ELLEN 
(lighting up) 
Look, your grandfather's here! 
The kids clamor for Robert's attention. He moves around the 
table, hugging them all. 
ROBERT 
Hi, guys! 
GRANDCHILD 
Hi Papa! What did you bring us? 
Robert hands out the presents, and the kids unwrap them in a 
frenzy. He continues making the rounds until he finally gets to 
Brooke and Peter, seated next to each other. 
They embrace, but we notice clear restraint, a marked contrast 
to his behavior towards their kids. 
BROOKE 
It's your birthday, Dad, not theirs. 
You'll spoil them. 
ROBERT 
(grinning) 
So what? You guys turned out all right. 
EFTA00593465
--- PAGE 6 ---
5. 
BROOKE 
(half-smile) 
Exactly. 
Robert rounds the table and takes his seat next to Ellen as 
she discreetly presses a SERVICE BUZZER. 
ELLEN 
The kids got hungry. 
ROBERT 
(hugging her) 
No problem. 
Another SERVANT enters with a CAKE flickering birthday 
candles. Everyone notices and starts SINGING. 
ALL 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU, HAPPY 
BIRTHDAY TO... 
Robert smiles. They finish, then CLINK glasses for a toast. 
ROBERT 
Thank you, everyone... Well, what 
can I say? I'm standing here, sixty-
five, it's a big number. Big 
moment. Okay. 
(some smiles from the group) 
I've done a lot of things in my 
life, worked hard on a lot of 
different businesses, but I'll tell 
you- as I look around at all these 
faces, I know that my best work is 
right here in this room... We've got 
a great life, and I'm proud of all 
of you. That's the best gift your 
mother and I could have hoped for. 
(he smiles) 
Now, contrary to what you may have 
heard, I've never been big on 
celebrating myself, so tonight I 
hope we'll all celebrate together, 
and realize how lucky we are to 
have each other... 
PETER 
(calling out) 
...and to have sold the company 
to Morgan this morning! 
They all LAUGH. 
EFTA00593466
--- PAGE 7 ---
6. 
ROBERT 
(smiles) 
That, too, Peter, and your one-track mind 
assures me you've got not only your 
mother's genes, but you've got mine! 
More group LAUGHTER. He sees Ellen hug Peter across the room. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
But, tonight, at dinner, I've got only 
one request: no talk of business. 
ELLEN 
Oh, here we go! 
More LAUGHTER. Robert laughs, too. 
ROBERT 
I'm aware that may seem uncharacteristic, 
but maybe it's taken me sixty-five years 
to realize what's finally important --
and it's all of you. 
ALL 
(as they applaud) 
Hear, hear! 
DISSOLVE TO: 
INT. DINING ROOM - LATER 
The kids play furiously with their TOYS. Peter talks to Tom. 
He's slurring his words, three COCKTAILS in. 
PETER 
Because they just don't understand. 
If you want growth in a down 
market, you have to take risks. 
Even the Chinese know that now... 
TOM 
That's why I stick with ships. Somebody 
wants something, they need to ship it 
here. It may be simple, but... 
PETER 
(ignoring him) 
No, no. I'm not complaining. We're 
doing great, actually, best quarter 
in the last three years... 
(shakes his head) 
Listen to me, like you didn't know... 
EFTA00593467
--- PAGE 8 ---
7. 
We TRACK over to Robert and Ellen. She's got one of Peter's 
kids propped up on Robert's lap, playing, drawing a dinosaur 
in a coloring book. He's pulling on Robert's ear. 
ELLEN 
...no, your Papa's ear is not part of 
the drawing... I'm taking you to the 
museum this weekend, then you'll see 
what a real dinosaur looks like. 
The child tries to color with a piece of zucchini. 
ELLEN (CONT'D) 
(laughs) 
Alexander, what are you doing...? 
ROBERT 
That's called "thinking outside the box..." 
(pats the child on the head) 
Kid's an artist... 
ELLEN 
(coddles the child) 
Like his father, right...? 
Brooke indicates to Ellen across the table. Ellen nods. 
ELLEN (CONT'D) 
Speaking of which... You need to 
talk to Brooke. 
ROBERT 
Oh? 
ELLEN 
It's about Peter... 
Robert nods. He exhales, then stands and crosses to Brooke. 
She straightens a little. 
ROBERT 
(nodding to the next room) 
Join me for a drink? 
INT. STUDY - MOMENTS LATER 
A warm, clubby room, kept traditional. Robert pours out two 
SCOTCHES and brings them to the banquette where Brooke rests 
with an open FOLDER. He resumes signing papers. 
ROBERT 
Kids seem good. 
Brooke nods, tries to smile. 
EFTA00593468
--- PAGE 9 ---
8. 
BROOKE 
What, uhh... was that about? 
ROBERT 
What? 
BROOKE 
Last time you made a speech like that was 
when we lost the Firestone bid. 
ROBERT 
I just... wanted this night to be for us. 
She nods again, unconvinced, then pulls out a MAGAZINE. 
BROOKE 
You saw this? 
He looks closely at it. A "Fortune" cover story: 
"Robert Miller, the Oracle of Gracie Square: Investor profits 
in uncertain times by predicting housing crisis." 
BROOKE (CONT'D) 
Peter's got a copy pinned up in the 
conference room. 
ROBERT 
(shakes his head) 
You know how I feel about that. 
BROOKE 
You don't need to tell me. 
ROBERT 
Well stop skirting around it, then. 
Brooke looks down and shifts uncomfortably. 
BROOKE 
I just don't know if they'll keep him on. 
ROBERT 
Your brother's doing fine. He 
brought in what, last quarter, 
thirty-five? 
BROOKE 
These guys don't care about thirty-five 
million. They care about liabilities. 
Robert's phone VIBRATES. He looks down. On the Caller-ID: 
"Julie." He silences it. 
EFTA00593469
--- PAGE 10 ---
9. 
BROOKE (CONT'D) 
Yesterday he showed up with alcohol 
on his breath. 
ROBERT 
(exhales) 
You know, Brooke, I'm doing this for 
you and your brother. I'm not gonna 
run this place forever; I know that. 
And it's not about being the richest 
man in the cemetery. 
BROOKE 
Can I ask you something? 
ROBERT 
What, honey? 
BROOKE 
You said they didn't sign today. 
ROBERT 
Yeah? 
BROOKE 
Well, I mean, we haven't really talked 
about it, but... do you want them to? 
ROBERT 
Do I want them to sign? 
BROOKE 
Yeah. 
ROBERT 
Of course. 
BROOKE 
But why? My whole life you've told 
me "work's our cornerstone." 
ROBERT 
It is. 
BROOKE 
So what's wrong with how things are? We 
make a great return, we give a lot of 
money to the charities we believe in... 
ROBERT 
You know, you're 36 now. I'm 65. 
There's a big difference. 
BROOKE 
Dad, you're not that old. 
EFTA00593470
--- PAGE 11 ---
10. 
ROBERT 
It catches up fast. And I wouldn't 
mind spending some time with you guys 
outside the office. 
BROOKE 
This really doesn't sound like you. 
ROBERT 
(growing impatient) 
Brooke, nobody trusts an independent 
fund anymore. We've discussed this. 
And you know better than anyone that 
at our small size, all the new 
accounting regulations are eating 
away our profits. Now I'm trying to 
build value for you and your brother, 
and to do that, we're gonna to have 
to merge. Morgan's the way. 
Brooke looks to the floor. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
I'm surprised this disappoints you. 
BROOKE 
"We're long-term builders, not raiders." 
Isn't that what you always said...? They 
don't think that way. 
ROBERT 
(playful) 
You think maybe now you're the one 
that sounds a little pious? 
BROOKE 
You asked me how I felt. 
ROBERT 
And you've told me, and I understand. 
But you really shouldn't worry. 
They've agreed that once I'm gone, 
probably within the year, you will 
make the decisions... You might find 
they're not always so easy. But as 
long as you show profits, Morgan'll 
leave you alone. We have a culture 
here, why should they interfere? 
(beat) 
Besides if they ever do go ethically 
off-track, well... You'll nag them to 
death until they jump back on. 
She can't help but smile. He leans in and touches her shoulder. 
EFTA00593471
--- PAGE 12 ---
11. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
I've watched you've become a real 
leader; that's why I put you in 
charge. So just trust me, alright? By 
week's end this'll all be wrapped up 
and... I'll talk to Mayfield. We'll 
find a solution for your brother. 
Brooke nods, trying to accept this. 
INT. ENTRY HALL - LATER 
Ellen is supervising the yawning children as the party winds 
down. She sees Robert put on his OVERCOAT. 
ELLEN 
Where are you going? 
ROBERT 
Office. 
ELLEN 
Now? 
ROBERT 
Gotta get it done. 
She holds a beat, then approaches and straightens his collar. 
ELLEN 
Alright, just wake me when you come 
in, will you? 
He kisses her and starts to exit. 
ELLEN (CONT'D) 
Robert. 
ROBERT 
What? 
ELLEN 
The hospital check; they still 
don't have it. 
ROBERT 
(nods) 
Right, I'm sorry. I'll take care of 
it at the office. 
ELLEN 
You know, we committed by the 15th. 
They're going to announce it on Thursday. 
EFTA00593472
--- PAGE 13 ---
12. 
ROBERT 
(harder) 
I will take care of it. 
ELLEN 
Okay. 
INT. TAXI - NIGHT 
Robert stares out the window at a few hustling MERCHANTS as 
he passes the low-rises of downtown Broadway. 
ROBERT 
(into phone) 
Yeah, Gavin, it's me, uhh... When you 
get this -- I want you to call Chris 
Vogler at Deloitte, tell him I need 
to see him right away, okay? Get it 
done and get back to me. 
The cab arrives at a LOFT BUILDING. Robert exits, paying the 
DRIVER through the door. Then he walks by a large frosted-
glass window, approaching a private entrance. 
INT. LOFT APARTMENT - NIGHT 
JULIE COTE (33) sits at the head of a marble table in the 
exquisite space. It's the modern mirror of Robert's mansion, 
the lines carried through fully this time. And Julie is the 
modern woman: sleek, fit, and flowing, even at home. 
She's intently focused, handwriting personal notes onto a 
stack of INVITATIONS for the "Julie Cote Gallery - Paintings 
by Phillip Chabrol," as she downs the last of a WHITE WINE. 
The INTERCOM RINGS. Julie heads over, sees Robert's face on 
the VIDEO MONITOR. She holds a beat. 
EXT. LOFT APARTMENT - SAME 
Robert waits in the cold, staring into the camera as Julie 
watches him from inside the loft, not moving. 
After a second, the door BUZZES open. 
INT. JULIE'S LOFT - SAME 
Robert enters. Julie is already back at the table, writing. 
ROBERT 
EFTA00593473
--- PAGE 14 ---
13. 
She doesn't answer. He walks down the long hall and comes up 
behind her, running his arms across her stomach. 
JULIE 
Don't. 
ROBERT 
Come on... 
JULIE 
I'm working. 
ROBERT 
(stroking her) 
Please... 
JULIE 
I said I'm working. I've gotta 
prepare for tomorrow. 
(sharp) 
You remember tomorrow, right? 
ROBERT 
(like a child) 
But... It's my birthday... 
JULIE 
(standing) 
I said don't! 
She crosses to the open kitchen and pours out more wine, 
lights a cigarette. Robert trails. 
ROBERT 
What's wrong? 
JULIE 
It's eleven o'clock. 
ROBERT 
I'm sorry, baby. We had some bad 
weather. Had to land in White Plains. 
JULIE 
You couldn't pick up the phone? 
ROBERT 
I had a meeting right after we 
landed, and then... 
JULIE 
You had a three-hour dinner with 
the family. 
Silence. 
EFTA00593474
--- PAGE 15 ---
14. 
JULIE (CONT'D) 
They're second to business. I'm second to 
them. I'm actually about ninth. 
ROBERT 
Can't we just have a nice time? 
JULIE 
Can't you just admit it? Do you have to 
be such a fucking liar? 
ROBERT 
Yes. I had dinner with my children. 
(her face falling a little) 
But that doesn't mean... 
JULIE 
Oh, just shut up. 
They stare at each other as she drags off the cigarette, then 
stubs it out. 
JULIE (CONT'D) 
Here, I made this for you. 
She opens a dish revealing a BIRTHDAY CAKE. He stares at it. 
ROBERT 
You made that?... I didn't know you 
could bake. That's very nice... 
She reaches for the cake, grabbing a piece of it with her 
hand and... SMEARS IT ONTO HIS FACE. 
The tension breaks, and they LAUGH. He grabs her and they 
kiss furiously, pulling at each other's clothes as she pushes 
him backwards into the bedroom and they begin to make love. 
INT. MILLER CAPITAL - THE NEXT DAY 
We track through a Spartanly-furnished trading office. PEOPLE 
at COMPUTERS making phone calls. CLOCKS showing different 
time zones. We pick up Brooke as she approaches an 
accountant, BEN (52), in a corridor office. 
INT. MILLER CAPITAL - ACCOUNTANT'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 
Brooke hands Ben a printout: the "OLD HILL FUND" report. 
BROOKE 
(pointing at four numbers) 
This is what I'm talking about. 
EFTA00593475
--- PAGE 16 ---
15. 
BEN 
I don't understand. 
BROOKE 
No, I don't understand, and I've 
asked you three times. How am I 
supposed to close out the year? 
BEN 
What is it you want to know? 
BROOKE 
Look, where is this four hundred twelve 
million from Old Hill? It's there, then 
Jan to November it's not there, then 
magically it shows up this month? 
BEN 
I don't have that entry. 
BROOKE 
These are your books. 
BEN 
I mean that account. It's 
controlled by the outside auditor. 
BROOKE 
But you prepare the reconciliation 
statements, don't you? I mean, you 
signed off on this. 
BEN 
Brooke, this is six months old. 
BROOKE 
Because it's old it doesn't need 
to be right? 
BEN 
(exasperated) 
We reconcile at the end of the fiscal 
year. It's just a timing difference. 
That's why God created suspense accounts. 
Brooke stares at him, entirely unsatisfied. 
BEN (CONT'D) 
(sighs) 
Your father signed these reports himself. 
Maybe you should ask him about them. 
EFTA00593476
--- PAGE 17 ---
16. 
INT. GREENBERG & COMPANY - OFFICE HALL - ACROSS TOWN 
Robert enters the palatial quarters, decorated with ornate 18th 
century furniture, a stark contrast to his more functional 
empire. He approaches a striking British RECEPTIONIST. 
ROBERT 
Robert Miller for Jeffrey Greenberg. 
RECEPTIONIST 
Yes, he's expecting you, Mr. 
Miller. Will you follow me, please? 
Robert trails her down a long hallway passing a massive glass 
conference room. They arrive at 
INT. GREENBERG'S OFFICE - SAME 
The receptionist escorts Robert in. Standing to greet him is 
JEFFREY GREENBERG (55), handsome and charming. 
RECEPTIONIST 
Will you be needing any coffee, sir? 
ROBERT 
I'm fine, thank you. 
JEFFREY 
All good, Diane. 
She exits. Robert sits. A moment of silence. 
JEFFREY (CONT'D) 
So? 
ROBERT 
I'm here. 
JEFFREY 
Yes, you are, but guess what's not? 
ROBERT 
Jeffrey, I told you... 
JEFFREY 
Yes, yes, the contract, you're "working 
on it." And while you're working on it, 
I'll tell you what's not working... 
ROBERT 
(leaning forward) 
Jeffrey... 
EFTA00593477
--- PAGE 18 ---
17. 
JEFFREY 
(louder) 
...what's not working is my four 
hundred twelve million dollars that's 
sitting in your account so you can 
pass your audit, the four hundred 
twelve million that you needed, you 
said, for two weeks, and which has 
been languishing now for 
(looks down at paper) 
thirty-two days, while it could be 
elsewhere invested, earning an actual 
return, instead of couching the absurd 
lie that you're spinning. 
ROBERT 
What do you want me to say? 
JEFFREY 
That you're gonna get a signature 
from Mayfield, and that my hostage 
money and my fee are going to be sent 
to me promptly, say... by tomorrow? 
A beat. 
ROBERT 
I am solving the problem. I am getting 
you your money and your fee. You will 
have them very shortly. 
JEFFREY 
When? 
ROBERT 
As soon as they sign the contract. 
Jeffrey stares at him contemplatively for a moment, then 
appears to reach some sort of conclusion. 
JEFFREY 
(matter-of-fact) 
Friday morning I take my money back. 
ROBERT 
(shakes head) 
You can't do that... 
JEFFREY 
▪ .the fuck I can't, it's in an escrow bill 
with one-day call rights... 
ROBERT 
▪ .I need the money there until they 
sign, Jeffrey. What if they check again? 
EFTA00593478
--- PAGE 19 ---
18. 
JEFFREY 
That's really not my problem, is it? 
ROBERT 
Do I need to remind you that you're my 
partner in this? You knew damn well why I 
wanted you to buy those shares. 
JEFFREY 
(erratic again) 
Is that a threat? Are you fucking crazy? 
ROBERT 
(shakes head) 
No... 
Jeffrey stands, begins pacing. 
JEFFREY 
.because I'm not the one with the 
liability, pal. I just made a loan. You're 
looking at jail for a thousand years for 
fraudulent conveyance and... 
ROBERT 
...Calm down, Jeffrey... 
JEFFREY 
I didn't get you into this mess! 
Remember when you asked me if it was a 
good idea to divert half your liquid 
assets into a fucking diamond mine? 
What did I tell you? 
ROBERT 
(stands) 
Are we done here? 
JEFFREY 
(apoplectic) 
How long do you really expect me to 
float you? 
ROBERT 
(exploding) 
I DON'T CONTROL JP FUCKING MORGAN! I'm 
trying to get it done! And I'm wasting time 
here while I could be figuring it out! 
JEFFREY 
Well then go figure it out. You've 
got until Friday. That's it. 
EFTA00593479
--- PAGE 20 ---
19. 
EXT. STREET - MADISON AVENUE 
Off Robert as he storms the pavement. 
INT. ROBERT'S LIMO - CONTINUOUS 
And enters his waiting limousine, SLAMMING the door. 
ROBERT 
(to Ramon) 
Let's go. 
The limo drives away. Robert turns on the TELEVISION. 
BLOOMBERG ANNOUNCER 
The DOW continues its uptick this 
morning on new housing starts to 
rise 132 points. Asian markets fared 
less well, especially in Russia, 
where further nationalization plans 
caused foreign investment to 
sputter, leading to various... 
Close on Robert, trying hard to contain his building rage. 
His phone VIBRATES a TEXT, from Julie: "See you at 8!" He 
stares at it, breathes in deeply. 
The CARPHONE rings: "Gavin." 
ROBERT 
(barks) 
What? 
GAVIN (0.S.) 
Seven tonight at the Four Seasons. We'll get 
it straight with Mayfield then. 
ROBERT 
(calming a little) 
Good. I'll be back at three. 
GAVIN (O.S.) 
Did you forget the interview? 
ROBERT 
What interview? 
GAVIN (O.S.) 
CNBC. You're doing Bartiromo in an hour. 
ROBERT 
Oh, Jesus... Why are we doing that? 
EFTA00593480
--- PAGE 21 ---
20. 
GAVIN (O.S.) 
To create speculation?... 
(no response) 
It was your idea, remember?... 
Robert just disconnects and holds the phone in his hands. 
INT. ROBERT'S BEDROOM - LATER 
Ellen stands tying Robert's TIE in front of a dressing mirror. 
ROBERT 
You don't think it looks too... brash? 
ELLEN 
It's the third one you've tried. 
She finishes tying it. He looks in the mirror. 
ROBERT 
I look old. 
Ellen picks up a make-up TRAY. 
ELLEN 
Let me just... 
(powdering one of his age spots) 
There. Now you look regal. 
(off his nod) 
Tell me... What is it? 
ROBERT 
I just want this over with. 
ELLEN 
But it's done, isn't it? 
ROBERT 
They haven't signed the papers. 
ELLEN 
I thought that's why you flew down there. 
ROBERT 
So did I, but for some reason they 
gave me a stall. I didn't get any 
sleep on the plane and... 
(rubbing his eyes) 
God, Ellen... I'm so tired... 
ELLEN 
Now come on. It will all work out. 
Just follow the plan. 
EFTA00593481
--- PAGE 22 ---
21. 
ROBERT 
What plan is that? 
ELLEN 
"Sell the confidence, sell the man." 
ROBERT 
(laughs) 
Words of another era... 
ELLEN 
Well, maybe we should go back there. 
ROBERT 
(far off) 
I'd like that. 
He straightens his jacket and starts heading out. 
ELLEN 
Mary called from Mt. Sinai. She said 
they still haven't received the check... 
ROBERT 
I know. I'm taking care of it. 
ELLEN 
The gala's Thursday. I thought we 
discussed this? 
ROBERT 
I've had to move some things around 
for the merger. 
ELLEN 
It's only two million. 
ROBERT 
(a beat) 
Remember when we used to eat a full 
dinner at that place off Flatbush for 
two dollars? 
ELLEN 
I don't remember you being so 
sentimental there, unless you were 
tap dancing around an obligation. 
ROBERT 
Ellen... 
She smiles, kisses his forehead. 
ELLEN 
Go do well. 
EFTA00593482
--- PAGE 23 ---
22. 
INT. ROBERT'S LIVING ROOM - DAY 
Robert sits on a sofa across from MARIA BARTIROMO and a CAMERA 
CREW, mid-interview. Gavin watches on a nearby MONITOR. 
MARIA 
...but how do you do it, Robert? Your 
fund's returned 11% for the past nine 
years, even in the downturn, and it's 
been estimated that your personal 
shares in the company will go up 
nearly $120 Million this year alone. 
ROBERT 
Well, we've done all right. Luckily, 
we've been able to stay risk-
neutral, even in a year like this. 
MARIA 
But you took a huge bet on this 
housing crisis. Why? 
ROBERT 
I saw that the underlying options were 
overvalued, and I didn't think people's 
houses would keep tripling in value 
every decade, even with the Treasury 
printing money at a quarter point. 
MARIA 
That seems like a bigger risk than you 
would normally take. Isn't it against 
your hedged-neutral strategy? 
ROBERT 
Yes, it was an uncommon position. But 
these are uncommon times. You know, 
Maria, I was born in 1945. My father 
welded steel for the Navy. My mother 
worked at the VA. They lived through the 
Depression, Pearl Harbor, and the Bomb. 
And they didn't think bad things might 
happen; they knew they would happen. 
MARIA 
Is that what's happening now? 
ROBERT 
You know, with the exception of 
2008, we've had pretty much peace 
and prosperity in this country for 
the last twenty-five years. That's 
the anomaly. 
(MORE) 
EFTA00593483
--- PAGE 24 ---
23. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
Now I don't want to sound like a 
doomsayer, but when I was a kid, I 
loved to read history, and my 
favorite teacher, Mr. Stein, said 
that world events always revolve 
around five things: 
(extending his fingers one-by-one) 
M-O-N-E-Y. 
MARIA 
(laughing) 
Was this freshman econ? 
ROBERT 
This was Brooklyn Econ, fifth-grade. 
(smiles, off her laugh) 
And he was quite right, because what he 
was really saying was that even though 
money's the reward we compete for, it's 
the competition that's our nature. And 
as I learned later, that competition 
can make even the best of us manic, so 
it's not surprising that we see asset 
bubbles. But when reality sets in --
they have to pop. 
MARIA 
You were a teacher yourself, weren't you? 
ROBERT 
My Greenwich Village days. Now you're 
really gonna make me feel old. 
MARIA 
(smiles) 
Let me shift for a minute to regulation. 
Some are saying that in the wake of 
Madoff-style collapses we need more 
transparency. Now your fund is private; 
the decisions and trades you make are 
secret. It's basically all up to you. Do 
you think we need more regulation? 
ROBERT 
Well, I think it's important to let the 
manager go where the strategy takes 
him, but essentially, we all agree to a 
"charter" -- a core philosophy of what 
we will and won't do with our investors 
money -- and we follow it. We manage a 
lot of capital for universities and 
pension funds, so safeguarding it is a 
responsibility I take very seriously. 
Madoff is a unique case. 
EFTA00593484
--- PAGE 25 ---
24. 
MARIA 
What's your take on him? 
ROBERT 
Sociopathic, criminal. I don't know. 
I don't want to speculate, really. 
The cameraman gives Maria a hand signal. 
MARIA 
We're almost out of time, but let's do 
one last question: there's been a wave 
of consolidation recently. Will your 
fund remain independent, or will we see 
you merge with one of the larger 
institutions? There've been rumors... 
ROBERT 
(smiling) 
Maria, there are always rumors. And 
of course I can't comment. 
MARIA 
(smiles back) 
Fair enough. But where do you see 
your own role in the next five years? 
ROBERT 
You know... I'll always love markets, and 
I'll always want to work with them; I 
wouldn't know what else to do with myself. 
The lights go off. Robert starts unclipping his microphone. 
MARIA 
It was a great interview. Thanks. 
ROBERT 
You're a great interviewer. 
MARIA 
You're selling, aren't you? 
ROBERT 
(after a beat) 
Maria, gimme a break. 
EXT. FOUR SEASONS RESTAURANT - NIGHT 
Robert trails Gavin up the stairs as he types out a TEXT 
MESSAGE to Julie: "Wrapping up mtg- be there soon." 
EFTA00593485
--- PAGE 26 ---
25. 
INT. FOUR SEASONS RESTAURANT - CONTINUOUS 
The MAITRE'D spots Robert and greets him as he approaches. 
MAITRE'D 
Mr. Miller, good to see you, sir. 
Your party has already arrived. 
He leads Robert and Gavin into the 
INT. POOL ROOM 
Where we see Brooke and Peter seated with a group of 
EXECUTIVES including AIMES (45), and BARNES (43). 
Displeasure immediately registers on Robert's face. 
ROBERT 
(sotto, to Gavin) 
Where the hell is Mayfield? 
Gavin shakes his head. They approach the table. 
AIMES 
(as they sit) 
Mr. Miller, thank you for coming. 
We were just getting acquainted 
with Brooke and Peter here. 
ROBERT 
(smiling) 
They're not too caustic, are they? 
BARNES 
They've been terrific. 
PETER 
Dad, we've been talking about operations. 
Tim thinks once we consolidate we can save 
about fifty percent on our back-office. 
Robert phone VIBRATES. It's "Julie" calling. He silences it. 
ROBERT 
I'd love to hear about that, but... 
(a beat) 
I had thought Mr. Mayfield planned to 
join us tonight. 
AIMES 
(nods) 
Jim's very sorry he couldn't be here; he 
was delayed in Austin. 
(MORE) 
EFTA00593486
--- PAGE 27 ---
26. 
AIMES (CONT'D) 
But he did ask me to convey how 
committed we are to finding our way 
together. 
BARNES 
That's right. In fact, now that we 
can market your quants' track 
records, we have access to a host of 
new capital that... 
Robert drifts as the suits prattle on. 
DISSOLVE TO: 
INT. POOL ROOM - LATER 
The execs are still chattering. Julie calls again. Robert 
silences it again. Then he gets a text: "945pm - FUCK YOU." 
AIMES 
...assuming we shed debt through some 
small liquidations, I'd say... 
ROBERT 
(rising) 
Gentleman, something's just come up. I can 
leave you in my family's capable hands? 
AIMES 
Of course. Again, Mr. Miller, a privilege. 
Robert shakes Aimes' hand and starts to head out. Brooke rises. 
BROOKE 
(indicating) 
Dad... 
They move off to the side. 
BROOKE (CONT'D) 
Did you get my message? 
ROBERT 
No, I've been out. What's up? 
BROOKE 
We need to sit down. I found some 
strange entries in the "Old Hill" books. 
ROBERT 
What kind of entries? 
EFTA00593487
--- PAGE 28 ---
27. 
BROOKE 
I'm not sure yet, but there's 
definitely something off. 
ROBERT 
Alright, come by about twelve tomorrow 
and we'll look at it. And Brooke? 
BROOKE 
Yeah. 
ROBERT 
See if you can find out what 
happened to Mayfield. 
BROOKE 
I'm on it. 
EXT. FOUR SEASONS RESTAURANT - CONTINUOUS 
Robert dashes to the limo, dialing Julie. No answer. 
INT. LIMO - CONTINUOUS 
He enters and closes the door, ringing her again. 
ROBERT 
(to the driver) 
27th between 11th and 12th. 
EXT. JULIE COTE GALLERY - A LITTLE LATER 
Robert arrives in front of a big scene in progress: trendy 
FOLKS overflowing into the street, cameras FLASHING... 
INT. GALLERY - CONTINUOUS 
Robert enters and scans the room. No Julie. He approaches the 
gallery ASSISTANT. 
ROBERT 
How're they doing? 
ASSISTANT 
I'm afraid not so great, Mr. 
Miller. Just two sales. 
Robert pauses a moment, then pulls out an "ALCOA INVESTMENTS" 
checkbook, writes out a check for $46,000. 
EFTA00593488
--- PAGE 29 ---
28. 
ROBERT 
I'll take 
(pointing) 
those three... But tell her a 
collector bought them, okay? 
ASSISTANT 
(taking the check) 
Alright. 
He scans the party further. No Julie. 
INT. GALLERY - OFFICE IN BACK - CONTINUOUS 
We pick up on Julie bumping two rails of COCAINE. 
She's dressed in a form-fitting "YSL" SUIT, hair coiffed, 
perfectly made-up-- if we didn't suspect anything, we'd think 
she was the precise image of New York art-world success. 
Julie straightens, pulls her hair back and exits, entering 
the main gallery... 
INT. GALLERY - CONTINUOUS 
Where she quickly sees Robert searching for her through the 
throngs of PEOPLE. She stops dead, considers going back into 
the office... 
But she stands firm. Robert finds her eyes. He stares at her. 
She stares back, with a simple look that says, plainly: 
"Go away." She heads off to talk to a group of PATRONS. 
Robert takes a last look, then recedes. 
INT. LIMO - CONTINUOUS 
As Robert enters, already on the phone. 
GAVIN (0.S.) 
.they said they have every 
intention of signing tomorrow. 
ROBERT 
(nodding to himself) 
How were the kids? 
GAVIN (0.S.) 
Great. Brooke was great. I have a 
good feeling about this. 
EFTA00593489
--- PAGE 30 ---
29. 
ROBERT 
I'm glad you're so sensitive. 
INT. ROBERT'S BEDROOM - LATER 
Off Robert, in bed with Ellen who is asleep. He gets up and 
stumbles to the bathroom, puts on a robe. 
INT. PRIVATE ELEVATOR 
He approaches the basement level... 
INT. SERVICE KITCHEN 
And sits at the counter, staring at the LETTER again from the 
Russian consulate. He refills a glass of SCOTCH, downs it. 
EXT. JULIE'S LOFT - NIGHT 
We pick up on a TAXI as Robert exits, fully-suited, in front 
of the building. He approaches and sees a bunch of PEOPLE 
inside through the frosted-glass window. 
He heads to the back entrance and uses his own key to go inside. 
INT. JULIE'S LOFT - CONTINUOUS 
Julie's a touch worn from the evening, but she's still 
composed. She sits with five guests including her gallery 
assistant, TWO WOMEN, and TWO GUYS who look like painters. 
One of them does a line of COCAINE off an "Art in America" 
magazine as the other keeps talking. 
PAINTER 
...fucking Dalwood wouldn't know a Van 
Gogh from a Van Eyck. And they call it 
a "State of Contemporism..." 
INT. JULIE'S LOFT - BEDROOM 
Robert watches Julie through a crack in the doorway. He picks 
up her CORDLESS and calls her. We INTERCUT. 
JULIE 
(confused by the Caller-ID) 
Who's this? 
ROBERT 
It's me. 
EFTA00593490
--- PAGE 31 ---
30. 
JULIE 
What do you want? 
ROBERT 
I'm here. 
JULIE 
Where? 
ROBERT 
I'm in your bedroom. Can you get 
those people out of here? 
JULIE 
Are you serious? 
ROBERT 
Look down the hall. Do you see me? 
JULIE 
(looking) 
I see you. 
ROBERT 
Okay, so I'm serious. 
She hangs up and begins to clear out the guests. 
Robert sits, unbuttoning his shirt. 
INT. JULIE'S LOFT - LIVING ROOM 
The guests finally leave. Julie heads to the bedroom... 
INT. JULIE'S LOFT - BEDROOM 
And finds Robert sitting, looking a little too comfortable. 
JULIE 
You just come in and out whenever 
you want? 
ROBERT 
Julie... 
JULIE 
Those were my friends. You know 
what a friend is? 
ROBERT 
They're drug addicts. 
EFTA00593491
--- PAGE 32 ---
31. 
JULIE 
Oh, don't you fucking dare 
patronize me... 
ROBERT 
Julie... 
JULIE 
One night! One damn night in a 
month I told you was important to 
me, and you can't be there... 
ROBERT 
...I was working, do you 
understand? I'm under enormous 
pressure, I have obligations... 
JULIE 
...I don't want to hear about your 
obligations. If you cared -- YOU 
WOULD HAVE BEEN THERE! 
ROBERT 
I'm here now. 
JULIE 
No, you're here when it's convenient 
for you to be here. That's not love. 
Love means YOU FUCKING SHOW UP! But 
you're never gonna understand that... 
ROBERT 
Come on, Julie... 
JULIE 
Why did you buy those paintings tonight? 
ROBERT 
Because I love you. 
Her face falls, slightly. 
JULIE 
I told you, I just wanted you to help 
me get started. If I'm gonna fail then 
let me fail. 
ROBERT 
Julie, you're not gonna fail. And you 
know I don't throw away money, but 
sometimes, to grow a business, you've 
gotta project a certain image. 
JULIE 
So it's just a big lie? 
EFTA00593492
--- PAGE 33 ---
32. 
ROBERT 
It's not a lie. The market's terrible 
right now- for everyone. That's why you 
need to show sales, because if you can 
stay strong when things are bad, then 
you become a leader. People say "Whoa, 
how'd she do that?" And then when 
things get better, they'll remember and 
come to you. 
JULIE 
(calming a little) 
Fine, that makes some sense, but... 
(exhales) 
I just don't know where this is going... 
You're never gonna leave her... 
She drifts off, tearing... Robert comes closer. 
ROBERT 
(touching her face) 
Julie... I can't lose you now. I need 
you. Just give me a chance. Soon we're 
gonna have all the time in the world. 
JULIE 
Why should I believe you? 
ROBERT 
Because you can see it. Look... 
She does. He starts to stroke her forearm. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
You're all I'm hanging on to. I 
would give up everything for you if 
I could. I really would. I just... 
can't right now... 
JULIE 
(pulling away) 
Well, when?! 
He stares at her a second. Thinks. Decides. 
ROBERT 
Now. 
JULIE 
What? 
ROBERT 
Tonight, now. 
EFTA00593493
--- PAGE 34 ---
33. 
JULIE 
What are you talking...? 
ROBERT 
Come away with me. I wanna take you 
somewhere... 
JULIE 
...Where?... 
ROBERT 
Let's go to my house in Greenwich. 
She's processing this. It's weird, but... 
JULIE 
What about your meetings? 
ROBERT 
(quick) 
We'll come back in the morning. But we 
can wake up together in my bed with 
the sun and the lake and forget about 
everything for a night. Just you and 
me. Let's just get in your car and go. 
JULIE 
(stares, then) 
You're crazy, you know that? 
EXT. HIGHWAY - DEAD OF NIGHT 
A MERCEDES 180SEL driving the interstate towards Connecticut. 
Cole Porter plays. We hold on a two-shot through the 
windshield: Julie rests her head on Robert's shoulder. 
And the camera moves closer into Robert's face, Julie snuggled 
next to him, the Porter music lulling the moment into 
tranquility, and finally, just finally, Robert has a moment's 
respite, as he slowly closes his heavy eyelids, nodding off 
into a trance of desperately needed sleep until... 
The car drifts into the CENTER MEDIAN where the tire catches on a 
small metal SCRAP and BLOWS OUT, flipping the car over and over 
until it CAREENS off the road and CRASHES into a telephone post. 
Smoke billows from the darkness, the spinning headlights 
illuminating the ghastly scene. 
INT. CAR 
Robert's eyes flutter open as he comes to, groggy. He's badly 
injured, but breathing. He starts to feel his body. Movement 
returns... 
EFTA00593494
--- PAGE 35 ---
34. 
He looks over at Julie. 
It is instantly obvious she is dead: she's been nearly 
decapitated, a deep gash ripping through her neck. 
Shock, followed quickly by panic. 
We hear a DRIPPING sound. A gas leak... 
Robert reaches into his pocket and dials 911... He looks at 
the phone just before pressing "Send"... and hangs up. 
He tries to open the door. It's stuck. He KICKS at it. It opens. 
EXT. TWO-LANE HIGHWAY - NIGHT 
He drags himself out of the car. Stands. Smoke is still 
rising from the smashed hood. He pulls up his shirt. A DEEP 
BRUISE: a broken rib from the steering column. He winces. 
He takes a few steps forward, moving around to the passenger 
side. He looks again at Julie. Horrific. He reaches out to 
touch her, then stops. 
Hold on his face. He sinks to his knees, putting his head in 
his bloody hands. He SCREAMS. 
Then he rises, and begins hiking to the side of the road. 
EXT. FIELDS - DEAD OF NIGHT 
Robert walks and walks through tall grass. 
In the distance behind him, A MASSIVE EXPLOSION lights up the 
sky in a fireball as the gas tank finally catches, incinerating 
the car and its contents. 
EXT. GAS STATION - LATER 
Robert picks up a PAYPHONE by the bathrooms, cradling it to 
his ear with his sleeve and dialing with his other finger 
through his shirt fiber. 
ROBERT 
(into phone) 
Yes, I'd like to make that collect... 
OPERATOR 
Your name, sir? 
ROBERT 
Lawrence Grant. 
EFTA00593495
--- PAGE 36 ---
35. 
RINGING, then... 
JIMMY (0.S.) 
Who the fuck is this? 
ROBERT 
Jimmy, it's me. 
JIMMY (0.S.) 
Robert? 
ROBERT 
Jimmy... Listen to me very closely... 
INT. GAS STATION BATHROOM 
Robert cleans himself up in the sink, applying soap and 
water to his cut stomach, scrubbing frantically, He takes 
all the paper towels and puts them in his pocket. 
EXT. GAS STATION 
About twenty yards down the road, a BLACK SUV hums, waiting. 
Robert opens the passenger door and gets in. 
INT. CAR - CONTINUOUS 
Inside is JIMMY GRANT (23), Black. 
ROBERT 
Let's go. 
They start to drive. Jimmy looks over at Robert; he's pretty 
banged up. 
JIMMY 
You gonna tell me what this is? 
ROBERT 
It's better you don't ask. 
JIMMY 
So all you're sayin' is, you need a 
ride somewhere. 
ROBERT 
That's correct. 
JIMMY 
Because I want to be very clear 
about this: you called me to give 
you a ride. I'm giving you a ride. 
EFTA00593496
--- PAGE 37 ---
36. 
ROBERT 
No, you're not. We're not here. 
JIMMY 
Oh, no? Then where the fuck are we? 
ROBERT 
We're both sleeping right now. At 
home. Which is where you left your 
phone, right? 
JIMMY 
Right. 
ROBERT 
Because if anyone checks... 
JIMMY 
Why is anyone gonna check? 
ROBERT 
They're not, as long as we're not here. 
And nobody knows you're here, right? 
JIMMY 
Yeah. 
ROBERT 
Does somebody know you're here? 
JIMMY 
No. 
ROBERT 
But somebody knows you're not there. 
JIMMY 
Well, my girl... 
ROBERT 
Oh, Jesus, Jimmy... 
JIMMY 
Man, you call up two am, what the 
fuck you want? She asked me where I 
was going. 
ROBERT 
What'd you say? 
JIMMY 
I told her I had to run out a minute. 
A beat. 
EFTA00593497
--- PAGE 38 ---
37. 
ROBERT 
Do you trust her? 
JIMMY 
Is this the kinda shit you used to 
do to my dad? 
ROBERT 
Do you trust her? 
JIMMY 
Yes, I fucking trust her! 
ROBERT 
Good. So you're at home, and I'm at 
home. My wife gets up at five am for 
Pilates -- I will be there next to 
her, where I've been all night. And 
you'll do the same with yours. 
Jimmy exhales a long sigh. 
JIMMY 
This is some pretty fucked up shit. 
ROBERT 
Jimmy... 
JIMMY 
No, man, come on, I don't hear from 
you since the fuckin' funeral, you 
call up using my father's name, ask 
me to come out here to... 
ROBERT 
...what do you want, Jimmy? Ten 
thousand? Twenty? Is that enough? 
Jimmy swerves the car to the side of the road and stops. 
JIMMY 
You talk to me like that you can get 
the fuck out and walk. 
ROBERT 
(after a beat) 
Listen... I'm sorry. I'm not 
myself. I need your help. 
Jimmy waits a moment, then re-enters the road. 
Robert winces in pain. 
JIMMY 
Are you alright? 
EFTA00593498
--- PAGE 39 ---
38. 
Robert is holding his side. He pulls up his shirt. Jimmy sees 
the awful purple bruise from the steering column. 
JIMMY (CONT'D) 
Jesus, man! We gotta get you to a hospital. 
ROBERT 
No, just drive. 
JIMMY 
You're bleeding inside. 
ROBERT 
I just... have to get home... I'll 
deal with it in a few hours. 
JIMMY 
What if you don't make it that long? 
ROBERT 
Then I don't make it. 
EXT. THIRD AVENUE - NIGHT 
The SUV pulls to a stop a few blocks from Robert's house. 
He exits. 
JIMMY 
(through the window) 
Call and let me know it's okay. 
ROBERT 
Better we don't talk for a while. 
JIMMY 
So what then, you just call up the 
only nigger you know? 
Robert looks at Jimmy, eyes tearing. 
ROBERT 
I'm sorry, Jimmy. I really am. Just 
go home. 
JIMMY 
Alright, man. Take care of that. 
Jimmy's car drives off. Robert hobbles up the block. 
EXT. CAR WRECKAGE SITE 
POLICE CARS flash lights. An EMT unloads Julie's charred 
CORPSE into a BODY BAG. INVESTIGATORS sift through rubble. 
EFTA00593499
--- PAGE 40 ---
39. 
DET. MICHAEL GOWER (46) sits in a TAN SEDAN, drinking a cup 
of deli coffee. Barely awake, he stares out the window at a 
bunch of STATE TROOPERS arguing with his partner, MILLS. 
MILLS breaks away from the uniforms and approaches, shaking 
his head. Gower gets out of the car. 
GOWER 
You gotta be fucking kidding me. 
MILLS 
Captain says it's on our side of 
the line. 
GOWER 
We've been having this argument twenty 
years. They can't handle one drunk 
motorist kills herself? 
MILLS 
I'm not so sure... 
GOWER 
Whaddya mean? 
MILLS 
She wasn't the driver. 
Gower nods, his interest piqued. 
GOWER 
Let's roadblock lane-to-lane and do 
a five-mile canvass. Every gas 
station, metro area, the works. 
(off his nod) 
And Mills... 
MILLS 
Yeah? 
GOWER 
Call Verizon, pull the luds off all 
the local payphones. 
Mills shuffles off. Gower bends his head down to the car's 
passenger side, looking off into the distance of the path 
Robert took just moments before. 
INT. JIMMY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 
Jimmy enters his small tenement. The living room is empty 
save for a sofa and some moving BOXES. He heads to the 
BEDROOM 
EFTA00593500
--- PAGE 41 ---
40. 
Awake and smoking a cigarette is REINA (23, Hispanic). 
Jimmy starts to undress, coughs, then opens a window. 
JIMMY 
You're gonna choke in here. 
REINA 
Where'd you go? 
JIMMY 
I told you, I had to... 
REINA 
..run an errand." Yeah. 
Jimmy pauses, takes off his pants. 
REINA (CONT'D) 
I heard you on the phone. You went 
to meet Robert. 
JIMMY 
So? 
REINA 
So why's he calling in the middle 
of the night? What's he got you 
doing for two and a half hours? 
JIMMY 
Leave it be, Rei. 
Jimmy gets into bed, turns out the light. Reina waits a beat, 
then reaches over and turns it back on. 
JIMMY (CONT'D) 
Reina... 
REINA 
Jimmy, what's going on? 
JIMMY 
I said leave it be. 
REINA 
You wanna end up like your father? 
Jimmy gets up, taking the comforter with him. 
JIMMY 
I can't hear this again. 
Reina stands, crosses to him. 
EFTA00593501
--- PAGE 42 ---
41. 
REINA 
(softening, holds him) 
Come on, baby. Hold on... 
JIMMY 
(shaking her off) 
What? 
REINA 
I'm just... worried, that's all. 
JIMMY 
There's nothing to worry about. 
REINA 
You can tell me if there is. 
JIMMY 
(hugging her) 
Everything's gonna be fine. We're 
going on Friday. Everything's the 
same. I promise you. Okay? 
She nods. They kiss. 
INT. ROBERT'S MANSION - NIGHT 
Robert enters the basement. He walks into a security 
monitoring room. We see a street view of cameras outside the 
door he just entered. He pulls TAPES out of VIDEO RECORDERS. 
INT. ROBERT'S MANSION - SERVICE KITCHEN 
Robert stands in front of a bin marked INCINERATOR. He is 
wearing a new T-SHIRT and SLACKS. 
He places all of his bloodied clothes and the video tapes 
into the incinerator, pouring LIGHTER FLUID on top of them 
and striking a match. He sets the items on fire and closes 
the hopper. 
RAMON 
Do you need anything, sir? 
Something to eat? 
Startled, he looks over to see his live-in houseman standing 
in the dark. 
ROBERT 
I'm fine, Ramon. Go back to bed. 
EFTA00593502
--- PAGE 43 ---
42. 
INT. ROBERT'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 
Robert quietly undresses, leaving on the white UNDERSHIRT. He 
presses at his rib, winces again. Then he gets into bed and 
stares at the ceiling. 
ELLEN 
(half-asleep) 
Where did you go? 
ROBERT 
What? 
ELLEN 
(dreamy) 
I woke up for a minute, you weren't 
here... 
ROBERT 
I just went to... eat some ice cream. 
ELLEN 
Was it good? 
ROBERT 
What? 
ELLEN 
The ice cream... 
ROBERT 
(pained, shifting his body) 
Yes... 
ELLEN 
You know you're not supposed to eat that 
with the Lipitor... 
(dreaming) 
Did you ask Peter about his chores? 
ROBERT 
Ellen... 
ELLEN 
What? 
ROBERT 
Do you love me? 
ELLEN 
Of course... 
She rolls over. Hold on Robert's face. 
FADE TO BLACK. 
EFTA00593503
--- PAGE 44 ---
43. 
INT. PRIVATE HOME - STUDY - EARLY MORNING 
DR. SOBEL (50s) finishes taping up Robert's bruised stomach. 
Other than the ribs, the only visible damage is a slight cut 
on Robert's forehead. 
SOBEL 
You need to come to the office for an MRI. 
ROBERT 
I can't now. 
SOBEL 
Can you lie down for the day? 
ROBERT 
No. Are we done? 
SOBEL 
Robert -- you've got internal bleeding 
and two broken ribs. You need to heal. 
Robert stands, hiding a wince, and picks up a Percocet BOTTLE. 
SOBEL (CONT'D) 
No more than two every six hours. 
INT. PRIVATE HOME - ENTRY HALL - CONTINUOUS 
As Robert exits, he passes a pile of newspapers. He picks up 
a Post, thumbs through it. On page five: 
A headline splashed with an awful PICTURE from the accident: 
"French Art Beauty Killed in Fiery Crash." 
SERVANT 
(passing by) 
Do you need anything else, sir? 
ROBERT 
No, thank you. 
He puts the paper under his arm and exits. 
EXT. PARK BENCH - DAY 
SID FELDER (68) sits next to Robert, the Post by his side. 
SID 
Hypothetically, the situation 
you're describing would be 
involuntary manslaughter. 
EFTA00593504
--- PAGE 45 ---
44. 
ROBERT 
And if it was proved the person had 
alcohol in his system... 
SID 
Fleeing the scene creates a legal 
presumption that the driver was under 
the influence. 
ROBERT 
So such a person... 
SID 
...would be in a lot of trouble, 
especially if that person was closing a 
merger with a large public bank where 
any publicity or arrest could delay or 
derail the transaction. But that's only 
if there was some evidence that could 
link him to the crime. 
ROBERT 
What about fingerprints, DNA? 
SID 
Very hard to collect after an explosion. 
The real world's different from television. 
ROBERT 
Cell phone records? 
SID 
Did this person make any calls from the area? 
ROBERT 
No. 
SID 
Then they won't be able to place him there. 
ROBERT 
Don't the phones have GPS now? What if 
they checked the cell towers? 
SID 
Legally that's all very shaky right now. 
To pull those records they'd need heavy 
probable cause. 
ROBERT 
Which would be? 
SID 
Again, something that linked the two 
people together that night. 
(MORE) 
EFTA00593505
--- PAGE 46 ---
45. 
SID (CONT'D) 
Some concrete evidence that contradicted a 
statement given to the police. Or another 
witness who comes forward. 
ROBERT 
So what would you advise such a 
person to do? 
SID 
To confess immediately. 
ROBERT 
Failing which? 
SID 
To put as much distance between himself 
and the event as possible, if possible. 
But let me tell you something, and I'm 
speaking to you as a friend now: there 
are about fifty things that person 
wouldn't have thought of. And the more 
time that passes, the more lies that 
are told, the worse it gets for him. 
Robert stands. 
Robert... 
What? 
SID (CONT'D) 
ROBERT 
SID 
They're going to come to you. 
ROBERT 
I know. 
SID 
An accident's not the worst 
trouble. If we talk to them now we 
can probably work it out. 
ROBERT 
(after a beat) 
What happens if the deal with Morgan 
doesn't close, and I have to tell my 
investors about our real losses? 
SID 
Nothing good. 
EFTA00593506
--- PAGE 47 ---
46. 
ROBERT 
And you said that depending on how 
the Justice Department decides to 
prosecute me, a fraud conviction 
might get me, uh... twenty years? 
SID 
I did. 
ROBERT 
Then what choice do I really have? 
EXT. DELOITTE ACCOUNTING HEADQUARTERS - LATER 
We follow CHRIS VOGLER (55) through the busy lobby out to the 
street. He crosses Park Avenue and gets into Robert's limo. 
INT. LIMO - CONTINUOUS 
Robert opens the Percocet bottle, downs four PILLS. 
Chris enters and sits. Robert mimes a question. 
CHRIS 
You're aware Congress plans to 
extend the audit requirements for 
private funds. 
ROBERT 
Of course I'm aware. I gave 
testimony to the committee. 
(zeroing in) 
You know this. 
CHRIS 
Well, Morgan wants to prepare for it 
now. So I was asked to go through 
every one of your trading books and 
reconfirm their assets. 
ROBERT 
That's impossible. 
CHRIS 
Don't worry. I put the team on 
different books and left "Old Hill" 
for myself. 
(smiles) 
I'm happy to say that I cleared it. 
ROBERT 
The audit's cleared? 
EFTA00593507
--- PAGE 48 ---
47. 
CHRIS 
Yes. The report will be issued today. 
I'm calling it my "swan song." 
ROBERT 
You're leaving this week? 
CHRIS 
It's a five-year clock. 
ROBERT 
(exacerbated) 
Why? 
CHRIS 
To prevent exactly what we're doing. 
But honestly, there's nothing left 
to worry about. 
The carphone RINGS. 
ROBERT 
(to Chris) 
Get out. 
Chris exits. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
(into phone) 
What? 
GAVIN (0.S.) 
How was it? 
ROBERT 
What? 
GAVIN (0.S.) 
The show. 
ROBERT 
What the fuck are you talking about? 
GAVIN (0.S.) 
The show, Julie's show? 
ROBERT 
Oh... Oh, it was fine... 
A beat as Robert rubs his eyes. 
GAVIN (0.S.) 
Mayfield's here. 
EFTA00593508
--- PAGE 49 ---
48. 
ROBERT 
Where? 
GAVIN (0.S.) 
Sherry Netherland. Checked in an hour ago. 
ROBERT 
He called? 
GAVIN (0.S.) 
No, I have a friend on the executive 
committee who said he's holding all 
the meetings in his room... 
(no response) 
Maybe he's getting settled. 
ROBERT 
You think we're dealing with a 
fucking idiot? 
GAVIN (O.S.) 
(beat) 
I spoke to legal. They said Morgan will 
sign once they get the audit report. 
ROBERT 
That's being issued now. 
GAVIN (O.S.) 
How do you know that? 
ROBERT 
Never mind that, just find out why 
Mayfield hasn't called us. 
GAVIN (O.S.) 
How am I...? 
ROBERT 
Do I have to do every Goddamn thing 
myself? JUST FIND OUT! 
He hangs up. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
(to the driver) 
The office. 
The car speeds off. 
INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE - LATER 
Brooke sits across from Robert. They're reviewing papers. 
EFTA00593509
--- PAGE 50 ---
49. 
BROOKE 
I just can't reconcile it... 
ROBERT 
Reconcile what? 
BROOKE 
The "Old Hill" Fund. Dad, are you 
listening to me? 
ROBERT 
Of course I'm listening. Those trades 
are in the special book. They don't get 
audited on the same balance sheet. 
BROOKE 
Yeah, but look at the sheet! It 
can't be right. There's a four 
hundred million dollar hole here. 
Somebody made a computer error. 
ROBERT 
Okay, well, I'll look into it. 
BROOKE 
I'm not so sure it's innocent. 
ROBERT 
What do you mean? 
BROOKE 
(pointing at the sheet) 
There are five accounts here that I 
circled. Up until last year they're 
perfectly normal. Then, all of a sudden, 
about four hundred million goes out from 
them without any notation. 
(circling a column) 
But the accounts don't go to zero; 
they get funded with a credit balance. 
(points to another column) 
Three months ago, money leaves 
these accounts at eight and half 
percent interest, even though 
they're empty. Then last month the 
money's returned and their value 
goes back up. 
(she puts the sheet down) 
It doesn't feel right that all 
these accounts live the same life. 
I mean, maybe somebody's playing 
games, skimming a little of it? 
EFTA00593510
--- PAGE 51 ---
50. 
INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE RECEPTION - CONTINUOUS 
Gower arrives at the office. CINDY (30s, Black) greets him. 
CINDY 
May I help you? 
GOWER 
Yes, I'm Detective Michael Gower. I 
was hoping to see Mr. Miller. 
CINDY 
Is he expecting you? 
GOWER 
I'm afraid not. 
CINDY 
May I ask what this is regarding? 
GOWER 
It's a police matter. 
CINDY 
One moment, please. 
INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 
BROOKE 
...the way this reads, half the 
fund's assets are missing. 
ROBERT 
That's ridiculous. That can't be right. 
BROOKE 
I know, that's why... 
ROBERT 
Look, I'll look at it, okay? Just 
don't mention anything right now. 
We don't want to scare anyone. The 
audit just cleared this morning. 
BROOKE 
Oh, good. I didn't know that. Okay. 
The Intercom RINGS. 
ROBERT 
(into phone) 
What? 
EFTA00593511
--- PAGE 52 ---
51. 
CINDY (0.S.) 
There's a detective Gower here to 
see you? 
ROBERT 
(stiffens, then into phone) 
Give me two minutes, then send him in... 
BROOKE 
Everything alright? 
ROBERT 
Yes, my other meeting just got here 
early. We'll have to pick this up later. 
BROOKE 
Okay. And Mom wants to know about 
the hospital check? 
ROBERT 
Brooke, we'll pick it up later, alright? 
BROOKE 
Okay. 
INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS 
As Brooke exits, she and Gower cross paths. She eyes him... 
He doesn't look familiar. Brooke arrives at Cindy's desk. 
BROOKE 
Who was that? 
CINDY 
Detective Gower, I think he said? 
BROOKE 
Detective? 
CINDY 
NYPD. 
BROOKE 
What did he want? 
CINDY 
He didn't say. 
Off Brooke, curious. 
EFTA00593512
--- PAGE 53 ---
52. 
INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 
Robert steels himself, then walks to the door and opens it, 
ushering Gower inside. 
GOWER 
Mr. Miller, thanks for seeing me. 
Sorry I didn't call. 
ROBERT 
No problem. Would you like some coffee? 
GOWER 
I'm fine. 
(sits) 
What happened to your head? 
ROBERT 
What? 
GOWER 
That looks like a nasty cut. Does 
it hurt? 
ROBERT 
(touching the cut) 
Oh, no, just hit it on the medicine 
cabinet this morning. 
GOWER 
Uh -huh. 
ROBERT 
So what can I do for you detective? 
GOWER 
Well, I'm here about Ms. Julie Cate. 
ROBERT 
Yes? Is she alright? 
GOWER 
I'm afraid Ms. Cote was killed last night. 
ROBERT 
Oh. Oh, my, that's... terrible. 
What happened? 
GOWER 
Well, actually it was a car accident. 
ROBERT 
My God. 
EFTA00593513
--- PAGE 54 ---
53. 
GOWER 
Yes, well, you see, I'm here, sir, 
because we haven't located the driver. 
ROBERT 
The driver? 
GOWER 
See we think, we don't really know 
much at this point, but she was in 
the passenger seat, and we believe 
there was another person driving. 
Now we don't know if he's dead, or 
hurt... 
ROBERT 
What usually happens in these cases? 
GOWER 
Often the driver goes for help, but 
his injuries cause him to die on 
the way. We're searching the area 
right now. 
ROBERT 
This is just... awful. 
GOWER 
Can you tell me what the nature of 
your relationship was with her? 
ROBERT 
How do you mean? 
GOWER 
You were an investor in her gallery? 
ROBERT 
Yes. 
GOWER 
How did you meet? 
ROBERT 
Through... I think at a charity function. 
My wife and I have a foundation. 
GOWER 
Do you know who introduced you? 
ROBERT 
I'm afraid I don't remember. 
GOWER 
When was the last time you saw her? 
EFTA00593514
--- PAGE 55 ---
54. 
ROBERT 
Last night, at her opening. 
Gower shifts, edging forward. 
GOWER 
Do you recall seeing anyone strange there? 
ROBERT 
How do you mean? 
GOWER 
Someone out of the ordinary. Maybe 
an ex-boyfriend, someone she 
might've taken a trip with? Perhaps 
a Frenchman...? 
ROBERT 
We... didn't discuss those things. 
GOWER 
She was just an employee. 
ROBERT 
Not an employee. I was an investor. 
GOWER 
What made you invest? 
ROBERT 
She had a great eye. She found me 
(points) 
those Calder prints, the ones on the 
wall there. They appreciated quickly, 
and on the strength of that I agreed 
to fund some of the gallery. 
GOWER 
(after a beat) 
Would you mind if we searched her apartment? 
ROBERT 
Why would I mind? 
GOWER 
It's in your company's name. Your 
permission would speed things along. 
ROBERT 
Of course. You've got it. 
GOWER 
Mr. Miller, is there anything else 
that you think might be relevant 
that you could help us with? 
EFTA00593515
--- PAGE 56 ---
55. 
ROBERT 
I can't really think of anything... But 
I can see something's troubling you. 
GOWER 
Well, it's just... Why would you 
lease an apartment for Ms. Cate? Is 
that something you do for many of 
your employees? 
ROBERT 
No, but she had recently moved from Paris 
if I remember, and she needed a place 
where she could entertain clients. 
GOWER 
So you leased her this apartment. 
ROBERT 
Our holding group did. You seem 
confused by this... 
GOWER 
I don't mean to be indelicate... 
ROBERT 
Please... 
GOWER 
From what we've been able to gather, 
Ms. Cate wasn't exactly an art star. 
I mean, she worked for a few dealers 
in Paris, but... 
ROBERT 
But why would I invest in her gallery 
and help her find a place to live? 
Gower cocks his head. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
I make investments in people I 
believe in. Nothing's a sure bet, 
but I thought Julie would do well, 
so I backed her, and she did. That's 
much of the sum of my business. 
GOWER 
(nods) 
Well, it looks like it's served you 
well. I won't take up any more of 
your time. 
(handing him a paper) 
Would you mind signing this consent 
form for the search? 
EFTA00593516
--- PAGE 57 ---
56. 
ROBERT 
Not at all. 
GOWER 
Good day. 
Gower heads out. 
We hold on Robert as he thinks a moment, then DIALS the phone. 
INT. ELLEN'S OFFICE - DAY 
A serene khaki suite with high-post windows and white 
upholstered furniture. On the walls are gala posters from 
various charity events. 
Ellen sits across her desk from SUSAN (30s), going over the 
guest list for the hospital event. 
ELLEN 
What about the Gaffneys? 
SUSAN 
Confirmed for a table. But you know 
how they are... 
ELLEN 
You mean the stiff mummy club? 
(off Susan's laugh) 
Yeah, they're charter members. We 
got their check, though? 
INT. ELLEN'S OFFICE - OUTER SUITE - CONTINUOUS 
MAE (30s) sits at a reception desk typing. The phone RINGS. 
MAE 
(into phone) 
Ellen Miller's office... May I say 
what this is regarding...? One 
moment, please. 
INT. ELLEN'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 
Ellen's standing, cradling the phone and packing her handbag. 
Susan continues reviewing the list. 
ELLEN 
(into phone) 
I'll get you a tour... 
(MORE) 
EFTA00593517
--- PAGE 58 ---
57. 
ELLEN (CONT'D) 
Yes, we're there once a week, all my 
kids did summers there, it would be 
great for Sarah, you really get 
involved, you know, it's not just 
writing a check... 
Mae enters. 
MAE 
(softly) 
There's a Detective Gower on the line. 
Ellen holds up her hand, buying a moment. 
ELLEN 
(into phone) 
Of course... We'll see you 
Thursday. And we appreciate it... 
Nice to talk to you, too. 
(hanging up, to Mae) 
I'm sorry, who? 
MAE 
Detective Gower. 
ELLEN 
Did he say what he wanted? 
MAE 
No. 
Ellen smooths her suit and puts her bag over her shoulder. 
ELLEN 
Well, I can't talk to him now; I'm 
late for the Warrens. 
(heading to the door) 
Tell him I'll get back to him as 
soon as I can. 
(off her nod) 
Thanks, guys! 
INT. ELLEN'S OFFICE - OUTER SUITE - CONTINUOUS 
As she hits the exterior room, her smile quickly fades. She 
walks ahead, steely. 
INT. MILLER CAPITAL - OFFICE CORRIDOR - DAY 
Robert is heading down the hall towards the elevators. Gavin 
jogs up to him. 
EFTA00593518
--- PAGE 59 ---
58. 
GAVIN 
(out of breath) 
Robert, I just heard about Julie... 
I'm so sorry. 
ROBERT 
(managing a nod) 
You saw the Post? 
GAVIN 
What...? No- her mother just called 
from the airport. 
ROBERT 
Is there a service here? 
GAVIN 
Tomorrow at nine. 
ROBERT 
We'll cover all the expenses. 
Anything she wants. 
He puts his hand on Gavin's shoulder. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
I want you to take care of it, personally. 
GAVIN 
(nodding) 
Of course... Are you okay? 
ROBERT 
I'm fine. Did you reach Mayfield? 
The ELEVATOR arrives and Robert gets in. 
GAVIN 
Nothing yet, but we'll get him... 
(stares) 
Robert, I... 
ROBERT 
(genuine) 
Thank you for your concern. 
Gavin's still staring as the doors close. 
INT. JULIE'S LOFT - DAY 
A FORENSICS TEAM sweeps the apartment, collecting fingerprints, 
rug samples, etc. 
Gower supervises from the side. Mills approaches. 
EFTA00593519
--- PAGE 60 ---
59. 
MILLS 
How'd it go? 
GOWER 
He didn't admit the affair, but of 
course he couldn't. 
MILLS 
Why didn't you pick him up? 
GOWER 
He's a very rich man. 
MILLS 
Do I detect a little pussyness? 
GOWER 
What happened with the pay phones? 
Mills pulls out a SHEET from Verizon. 
MILLS 
Fifteen calls in a three-mile 
between one and four AM. Most were 
to trucking companies, but two look 
strange: an incoming that's probably 
a local drug deal... 
GOWER 
And the one we care about? 
MILLS 
A collect call. One and a half 
minutes. Made from the Chevron 
station on West Lake Road. 
GOWER 
Who'd he call? 
MILLS 
A prepaid cellphone in the Bronx. 
Still waiting on the address. 
GOWER 
(thinks) 
You're at the crash site. You're 
drunk... You hobble off the road... 
You're smart enough not to use your 
own cellphone. So you get to the pay 
phone... and you're a billionaire, 
but... you call someone in the Bronx? 
Mills' cellphone RINGS. 
EFTA00593520
--- PAGE 61 ---
60. 
MILLS 
(into phone) 
Hello...? Okay... 425 North Convent. 
(hangs up) 
GOWER 
Let's go. 
INT. MILLER CAPITAL - ACCOUNTANT'S OFFICE - DAY 
Brooke sits alone in the accountant's office we saw earlier. 
She reviews SPREADSHEETS on his COMPUTER and compares them 
with PRINTOUTS from a FILE CABINET that she has broken open. 
Numbers from the screen reflect across her reading glasses as 
she stares in disbelief. She DIALS a number. 
BROOKE 
(into phone) 
Peter...? Hey... No, I dunno. You 
should ask Mom... Look, I'm just 
going through some statements... I 
know it's... So, how much did you 
book last quarter?... No, I'm not... 
No, Peter, I'm just asking you... 
She's looking at an entry on the screen: 
"Miller Capital Management - PETER MILLER GROUP - $68.3MM" 
BROOKE (CONT'D) 
(into phone) 
Yeah... Thirty-five million. For 
your whole group, right?... It 
wasn't sixty-eight?... Of course 
it's a big number... No, I'm not... 
Oh, Jesus, Pete... Yeah, Goodbye. 
Brooke taps the keyboard and a PRINTER starts spitting out 
pages. Suddenly, Ben, the accountant we met earlier, appears. 
BEN 
What the fuck are you doing? 
Brooke bolts up, startled. She collects the papers she printed. 
BEN (CONT'D) 
Hello? 
BROOKE 
(holding up pages) 
Can you explain these? 
EFTA00593521
--- PAGE 62 ---
61. 
BEN 
Explain what? 
BROOKE 
Old Hill. All the numbers you've falsified. 
BEN 
(beat) 
You don't know what you're saying. 
Brooke nods, heads to the door. Ben put his arm on her 
shoulder to stop her. 
BROOKE 
Get out of my way. 
BEN 
Brooke... 
BROOKE 
You're hurting me. 
BEN 
Can't you just leave it alone? 
She stares at him. He drops his arm. She exits and turns. 
BROOKE 
You're fired, Ben. 
BEN 
You can't fire me. 
BROOKE 
I just did. 
BEN 
Who do you think asked me to make 
those changes? 
BROOKE 
Why don't you tell me? 
BEN 
(after a beat) 
You're not really that dumb, are you? 
EXT. CONVENT AVENUE - JIMMY'S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY 
PEDESTRIANS hurriedly pass by this busy stretch of the Bronx 
near Grand Concourse. 
EFTA00593522
--- PAGE 63 ---
62. 
INT. UNDERCOVER CAR - SAME 
Gower and Mills wait. Jimmy approaches. They get out. 
EXT. JIMMY'S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS 
MILLS 
Mr. Grant? 
JIMMY 
Yes? 
GOWER 
NYPD Homicide, would you mind 
stepping into the car? 
JIMMY 
What's this about? 
GOWER 
Let's talk about that at the station. 
JIMMY 
Am I under arrest? 
MILLS 
Do you wanna be? 
Jimmy thinks for a minute. 
GOWER 
(softening) 
Just take a ride with us. 
JIMMY 
Alright. 
INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - LATER 
Jimmy sits across the table from Mills and Gower. They show 
him PHOTOS of Julie's burned body at the crash site. 
GOWER 
Let's go over it again. 
JIMMY 
Man we been over it. 
GOWER 
You were asleep. 
JIMMY 
Right. 
EFTA00593523
--- PAGE 64 ---
63. 
GOWER 
And your phone rings. 
JIMMY 
Right. 
GOWER 
And it's a wrong number. 
Jimmy doesn't answer. 
GOWER (CONT'D) 
Why do you accept the charges on a 
collect call from a wrong number? 
JIMMY 
I don't think I wanna answer any 
more questions. 
GOWER 
And you stay on the phone a minute and 
a half on a wrong number? What the 
fuck do you talk about, area codes? 
JIMMY 
I want to talk to my lawyer. 
MILLS 
Listen, kid, we know you went out 
there. We ID'd your picture with a 
neighbor who saw you getting into 
your truck ten minutes after this 
call was made. 
JIMMY 
Well if you got that, what the fuck 
you need me for? 
GOWER 
I don't think you understand the 
gravity of the situation here. This 
is a homicide.
JIMMY 
Lawyer. 
INT. SID'S LIMO - DAY 
Robert rides with Sid. He reviews a DOCUMENT entitled 
"MAPLE TRUST - James L. Grant - Beneficiary." 
ROBERT 
What about statute of frauds? 
EFTA00593524
--- PAGE 65 ---
64. 
SID 
It's a trust. All you're doing is 
making Jimmy a beneficiary. 
ROBERT 
They can't claim conspiracy? 
SID 
It's just an agreement to pay him 
certain monies at certain times, 
which you of course made some years 
ago according to this filing date. 
Robert nods, then signs the document, closing the folder. 
ROBERT 
You're gonna sign him out? 
SID 
I called in Earl Monroe. 
ROBERT 
Who? 
SID 
Civil rights attorney. You remember 
Crown Heights? 
ROBERT 
Why aren't you handling it yourself? 
SID 
I'd prefer not to draw all the dots 
for them. Earl's a great firewall. 
ROBERT 
He's the best? 
SID 
He's the best above 96th Street. 
And he's not cheap. 
Robert slumps back, staring out the window. 
ROBERT 
You've gotta get Jimmy out of this. 
SID 
It might not be that easy. If he 
doesn't cooperate they're likely to 
indict him on obstruction. 
ROBERT 
What would he be looking at? 
EFTA00593525
--- PAGE 66 ---
65. 
SID 
Hard to say. With his prior... Five 
years, maybe ten. 
Robert's silent. 
SID (CONT'D) 
(trying to be upbeat) 
Of course the state would have to 
prove that he lied to them... 
INT. BOND RELEASE AREA - DAY 
Jimmy stands at the counter as EARL MONROE (50s, Black) signs 
papers. Gower waits. 
GOWER 
(to Jimmy) 
This is not going to go away. 
Jimmy ignores him and exits with Earl. 
EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS 
Jimmy and Earl approach the waiting limo. At the door, they 
shake hands. 
EARL 
I'll call you tomorrow with any news. 
Don't worry. And don't say anything else. 
Jimmy nods and enters the limo as Earl walks off. 
INT. SID'S LIMO - CONTINUOUS 
The limo drives off. 
JIMMY 
All you said was you wanted a 
fucking ride! You didn't tell me 
you killed that girl! 
ROBERT 
Jimmy... 
JIMMY 
I'm trying to put my life back 
together. Okay, I appreciate you 
helped us, but now you're pushing 
it too far. 
EFTA00593526
--- PAGE 67 ---
66. 
ROBERT 
It's gonna be okay. 
JIMMY 
Like it was your ass sitting in 
there? Like you know a fucking 
thing about how it's gonna be? 
ROBERT 
Jimmy... 
JIMMY 
You got your own son for this. Why 
the hell'd you call me? 
ROBERT 
He would have fucked it up. 
JIMMY 
Well I'm sorry your son's a fuckin' 
idiot, but that ain't my fault. 
SID 
This isn't productive. 
JIMMY 
Oh, okay. So tell me then, Sid, 
what the fuck happens now? 
SID 
We're gonna meet with Earl and 
we'll go from there. I understand 
that right now they don't have 
enough to charge you with anything. 
ROBERT 
It's just suspicion. 
JIMMY 
Motherfucker, I'm Black! 
ROBERT 
I'm aware of that. 
JIMMY 
And what exactly would you like me 
to do about it? 
SID 
(BUZZING the driver) 
Gentlemen, I can't be party to this 
conversation, so this is where I 
get out... 
EFTA00593527
--- PAGE 68 ---
67. 
EXT. STREET 
Sid steps out of the limo and watches as it rolls away up 
lower Park Avenue. 
INT. LIMO - CONTINUOUS 
Back in mid-conversation. 
JIMMY 
Why couldn't you have just stayed? 
ROBERT 
I couldn't. 
JIMMY 
Why not? 
ROBERT 
Because I have responsibilities. 
And if I stayed there, a lot of 
people would've been hurt. 
JIMMY 
Somebody was hurt. 
ROBERT 
Other people, Jimmy. I've got business 
troubles, you understand...? Folks 
rely on me to get by. 
Jimmy chews on this, dissatisfied. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
Listen... the police are grasping 
at straws. Now I want to talk to 
you, because I was able to move 
some things around... 
(handing Jimmy the folder) 
and I've set up a trust for you 
with $2 Million dollars. All you 
have to do is... 
JIMMY 
(grabbing him hard) 
Are you fucking serious? You wanna 
hold that over me?! 
ROBERT 
WHAT ELSE IS THERE?! 
Jimmy releases Robert and calms down. They ride a while in 
silence. Then Jimmy rises and taps on the limo's partition. 
EFTA00593528
--- PAGE 69 ---
68. 
JIMMY 
(to the driver) 
Yo, yo man, pull the car over. 
ROBERT 
What are you gonna do? 
JIMMY 
I look like a fucking snitch to you? 
ROBERT 
(after a beat) 
Thank you, Jimmy. 
JIMMY 
Oh, man, fuck you. You better take 
a look in the mirror, pal. 
Jimmy exits. Robert stares ahead into space. The phone RINGS. 
ROBERT 
(agitated) 
What? 
CINDY (O.S.) 
I've got Chris Vogler from Deloitte, 
you asked me to interrupt you. 
ROBERT 
Put him through... 
(he hears Chris come on) 
Chris... 
CHRIS (O.S.) 
I've run into some problems. We're 
doing a "non-recommend." 
ROBERT 
(bewildered) 
What...? 
CHRIS (O.S.) 
They got compliance involved. I'm sorry. 
ROBERT 
Chris... 
CHRIS (O.S.) 
I've gotta go. 
ROBERT 
CHRIS! 
EFTA00593529
--- PAGE 70 ---
69. 
INT. POLICE IMPOUND LOT - DAY 
Forensic TECHNICIANS tear apart Julie's Mercedes. They comb 
the seat panels, use fluorescent imaging SCANNERS, spray 
LUMINOL. The car is a burnt wreck from the explosion. 
Gower supervises from the side. One of the TECHS approaches. 
TECH 
Mike... 
GOWER 
Yeah. 
TECH 
Take a look. 
He holds up an EVIDENCE BAG containing a Tiffany CUFF LINK in 
the shape of a horseshoe. 
GOWER 
That's it? 
(beat) 
What about prints, anything? 
TECH 
Come on, Mike. Fucking thing's 
burnt to a crisp. 
INT. POLICE OFFICE - LATER 
Gower reviews papers with Mills and his supervisor, FLORES. 
FLORES 
...cause you don't have anything. 
MILLS 
(pointing to the papers) 
Right there! Eight months of phone 
calls, text messages... 
FLORES 
That just proves they were fucking. 
MILLS 
It proves he lied to Mike, doesn't it? 
GOWER 
(dejected) 
He didn't lie. He was... evasive. 
EFTA00593530
--- PAGE 71 ---
70. 
FLORES 
Which would make perfect sense if 
you were having an affair. Plus 
he's got an alibi. 
MILLS 
We didn't hear back from his wife. 
FLORES 
(shakes head) 
You don't need to. She's gonna 
corroborate it... 
MILLS 
Look- he was at the gallery. He was 
fucking the girl. He was sponsoring 
her Goddamn H1B visa! She had sent 
him an angry text that night... 
FLORES 
That's all very nice, but it 
doesn't mean anything unless you 
can put him at the scene. 
GOWER 
What about the cuff link? 
FLORES 
They make forty thousand of those a 
year. You're the one just told me that. 
GOWER 
So what, then, he just gets away 
with it? 
They sit in silence a moment. 
FLORES 
What about this kid you picked up? 
What do you know about him? 
MILLS 
We're still waiting on his sheet 
from Centre street. 
FLORES 
(staring at him, slowly) 
You think maybe you should go the 
fuck down there? 
INT. DELOITTE - VOGLER'S OFFICE HALLWAY - LATER 
Robert is arguing with a waiting SECRETARY. 
EFTA00593531
--- PAGE 72 ---
71. 
SECRETARY 
I'm sorry, Mr. Miller, as I 
explained from downstairs, he's on 
a call right now, and he said... 
He brushes past her. 
SECRETARY (CONT'D) 
Mr. Miller! 
INT. VOGLER'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 
Robert enters, locking the door behind him. Chris bolts up. 
CHRIS 
What the fuck...? 
ROBERT 
Tell me what's going on. 
Robert comes closer. Chris is freaking out. 
CHRIS 
I can't. 
ROBERT 
Tell me what's going on! 
CHRIS 
I can't! 
Robert GRABS Chris by the collar. 
ROBERT 
Why not?! 
CHRIS 
It's not me! 
ROBERT 
What do you mean it's not...? 
CHRIS 
THE AUDIT PASSED! 
ROBERT 
(slackening his grip) 
The audit passed? What do you mean 
the audit passed? 
CHRIS 
It passed! It passed a week ago! 
Everything's fine! We confirmed the 
money, it's all straight and done. 
EFTA00593532
--- PAGE 73 ---
72. 
ROBERT 
(beyond confused) 
Then... why? 
CHRIS 
They told me to hold it. 
ROBERT 
Who told you? 
CHRIS 
Mayfield. 
Robert thinks... and starts LAUGHING. 
ROBERT 
They're negotiating. They just want 
to get a better price! 
EXT. DELOITTE - DAY 
Robert exits the building with what looks to be, for the 
first time in the film, a real smile. 
INT. LIMO - DAY 
Robert DIALS his cell. 
HOTEL OPERATOR (O.S.) 
Sherry Netherland. 
ROBERT 
James Mayfield, please. 
HOTEL OPERATOR (O.S.) 
Who may I say is calling? 
ROBERT 
Robert Miller. 
HOTEL OPERATOR (O.S.) 
One moment, sir... 
We hear RINGING... 
MAYFIELD (O.S.) 
Mr. Miller. 
ROBERT 
I think it's time we had a talk. 
EFTA00593533
--- PAGE 74 ---
73. 
MAYFIELD (0.S.) 
Can you meet me at my hotel first 
thing tomorrow? 
INT. JIMMY'S APARTMENT - DAY 
Jimmy and Reina sit at the kitchen table, the TRUST DOCUMENT 
with the $2 Million offer in front of them. 
JIMMY 
We got money saved. With the 
Virginia spot, we could... 
REINA 
Jim- this is a different world. We 
could do whatever we want! Think 
about what you could accomplish 
with this. What our kids could 
accomplish... 
JIMMY 
We don't have kids. 
REINA 
But if we did- think about it, that's 
all I'm saying. They'd have what his 
kids have. All the things we didn't. I 
mean they could do anything. 
JIMMY 
I could go to jail. 
REINA 
You said they can't prove it, right? 
JIMMY 
(beat) 
You don't feel the slightest bit 
fucked up about this? 
REINA 
Baby- you didn't know what happened 
when he called you, okay? You didn't 
do anything wrong. So it's a bad 
situation, sure. I'm just saying... 
Why don't we turn it around? 
INT. POLICE PRECINCT - DAY 
Gower's on the phone at his desk. 
EFTA00593534
--- PAGE 75 ---
74. 
GOWER 
(into phone) 
Yes, I understand that Mr. Tong, 
but it would really help if... The 
VID-E-O TAPE... At the gas station, 
yes... Hang, on, Mr. Tong, I can't 
understand what you're say... You 
taped over it...? 
Mills approaches, carrying a FOLDER. 
MILLS 
Mike... 
Gower looks up at him. Mills points to the folder and smiles. 
INT. POLICE OFFICE - DAY 
Gower and Mills sit with Flores as he stares at a SHEET. 
MILLS 
He was doing a little dealing a while 
back, but it looks like he stopped. 
FLORES 
Any family? 
GOWER 
They're all dead. 
FLORES 
(reading) 
Says he got popped for gun possession. 
How come he got probation? 
GOWER 
He had an excellent lawyer. 
FLORES 
(reading closer) 
How the fuck does this kid afford 
Sid Felder...? 
Gower hand Flores another FOLDER. 
GOWER 
We pulled his parents' tax returns. 
Guess where his father worked for 
twenty years? 
FLORES 
(reading) 
Miller Capital? 
(reading) 
(MORE) 
EFTA00593535
--- PAGE 76 ---
75. 
FLORES (CONT'D) 
He was the fucking driver?! 
(laughs) 
Wow, this guy's good... 
He puts down the sheet and leans back. 
FLORES (CONT'D) 
Where are you at with the kid? 
MILLS 
So far he won't budge. 
FLORES 
Well him you can move against. He's 
a convicted felon. Go get a 
warrant, put him in front of a 
grand jury, charge him with 
obstruction. Let's see how long he 
holds out when he realizes he's 
looking at ten years off the prior. 
INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE CORRIDOR - LATER 
Robert enters, moving much slower. As he approaches Cindy, he 
sees a worried look on her face. 
CINDY 
Brooke's waiting for you... 
ROBERT 
Did we have a meeting? 
CINDY 
No, but she looked upset. 
INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 
Robert enters. It's clear that Brooke has been crying. 
ROBERT 
Sweetie, are you alright? What's wrong? 
Brooke stands and holds out her hands. She has two copies of 
the "Old Hill Fund" balance sheets. 
Robert stands at the door a moment, collecting himself. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
Why don't we take a walk outside... 
INT. ELEVATOR 
EFTA00593536
--- PAGE 77 ---
76. 
Brooke follows Robert inside as they ride in silence. Robert 
stares alternately at the floor and mirrored walls in which 
he sees a distorted reflection. 
Brooke struggles to keep her mascara from running. 
EXT. STREET - AFTERNOON 
They head in silence down the street towards Gracie Park. 
EXT. GRACIE PARK - CONTINUOUS 
They arrive at the door. Robert inserts his key. 
INT. GRACIE PARK - CONTINUOUS 
They walk solemnly towards a park bench. Robert sits, motions 
to Brooke. 
BROOKE 
I'll stand. 
ROBERT 
Brooke... 
BROOKE 
How could you? 
ROBERT 
How could I what?... 
BROOKE 
Oh, no, no we're definitely not 
playing that game. Because if you 
lie to me now -- I will never speak 
to you again. 
ROBERT 
So you know. 
BROOKE 
Of course I know. Didn't you think 
I'd find out? 
ROBERT 
I did. 
BROOKE 
Then why didn't you tell me? 
ROBERT 
Because I hoped you wouldn't. 
EFTA00593537
--- PAGE 78 ---
77. 
BROOKE 
Dad, what the hell did you do? 
ROBERT 
Now wait just a Goddamn minute. 
What do you think we're doing up 
there? We're just placeholders. 
There's no magic. We barely beat 
the stock market! 
BROOKE 
What does that have to do with 
anything? Why did you commit fraud? 
ROBERT 
Because we're fucking broke! 
Everything's gone. We have nothing. 
BROOKE 
How... does that happen? 
ROBERT 
Brooke -- you don't understand. 
Somebody comes along, "Hey, put your 
money here, there's this mine, it's in 
Russia, all we need is a hundred 
million, you'll triple it in six 
months." So you check it out, you fly 
down there. The geological survey- it 
all fits. And no, technically it's not 
within the fund charter, but neither 
was the fucking crash, so you say, 
alright, I've been in this business 
thirty years, I know a thing or two. 
And then a hundred million becomes two 
hundred, and two hundred becomes four 
hundred, but it's springing money, the 
well is leaking money, there's so much 
oil flowing through the ground that 
it's all you can do to grab it with 
your hands and shuffle it into the 
pail. You can't stop collecting it. 
And you're the oracle, you've done 
housing, you've done credit swaps, you 
arb'd Brazilian spot gold and you rode 
the silver wave, and yes, again, you 
know it's outside the charter, but you 
ARE FUCKING MINTING MONEY! IT'S A 
LICENSE TO PRINT MONEY! IT'S GOD!... 
BROOKE 
Until... 
He takes a deep breath. 
EFTA00593538
--- PAGE 79 ---
78. 
ROBERT 
Until it misses... And the money's 
trapped. And all the cliches about 
yourself you worried were true, one 
day, you realize, they are. So you 
become that thing. You made your bed. 
There's no way to predict it. It's 
like a plane crash. It just happens. 
BROOKE 
Nothing just happens. 
ROBERT 
Brooke, you're young, but not young 
enough to be that thick. It HAPPENS. 
And you better pray one day it 
doesn't HAPPEN to you, which, thanks 
to me, it probably won't... 
BROOKE 
And everybody thought you were so smart... 
ROBERT 
...and they wanted to buy the 
company, so, fine, let them buy it. 
I borrowed the money from Jeffrey to 
plug the hole, I put it there for a 
month, they see it all looks right, 
we hand the company over, I send 
Jeffrey his money back, make right 
our investors, and okay, we'll have 
to make due with what's left. At 
least we get to keep the house. 
BROOKE 
Everybody wins, right? 
ROBERT 
You wanted me to let our investors 
go bankrupt? 
BROOKE 
What... gives you the audacity to 
think you can make those decisions? 
ROBERT 
It's my job. 
BROOKE 
No, it's illegal. And I'm your 
partner. I put my whole life into 
this. Didn't you think you needed 
to discuss this with me? 
EFTA00593539
--- PAGE 80 ---
79. 
ROBERT 
And what would you have said if I had? 
Would you have really been willing to 
do what was needed? 
(off her silence) 
You see, I can't afford to be that naive. 
BROOKE 
(shakes her head, half-laughs) 
I should have seen it faster... I'm 
so stupid. 
ROBERT 
(trying the begging hand) 
Brooke, it's not too late. The 
charter's got broad language. I put 
"Preferred Bill Trading" in there. 
They're three words. Who knows what 
they mean? As long as the 
consulting firms don't know we're 
riding them... 
BROOKE 
I know! And you've done it to US! 
All those years, you said you were 
working, you were building som... 
ROBERT 
...I was building... 
BROOKE 
ROBERT- YOUR NAME IS OURS! Don't 
you know what you've done to us? 
They pass a moment in silence. 
ROBERT 
What do you plan to do? 
BROOKE 
(after a beat) 
I don't know... 
ROBERT 
(deep sigh) 
I'm going to tell you something 
now. And I don't know if it will 
mean anything to you, in many ways, 
I don't expect it will, and I 
wouldn't blame you for anything you 
decide, not that it would matter. 
But here it goes: I'm on my own 
path. It's up to you to move with 
it or against it. 
(MORE) 
EFTA00593540
--- PAGE 81 ---
80. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
But I'm the patriarch; that's my 
role. And I have to play it. 
BROOKE 
You know... you've been buying 
people cheap my whole life... I 
just never thought you'd get so 
cheap with yourself. 
She walks off. 
Hold on Robert alone in the park. 
INT. COURTHOUSE HALL - AFTERNOON 
Gower walks with DEFERLITO (48), who rifles through a FOLDER. 
DEFERLITO 
...cause it's not gonna hold. 
GOWER 
It doesn't need to hold. It just needs 
to scare him into giving up Miller. 
DEFERLITO 
What is it, Mike, you're stalled out 
mid-career so you're reaching for a 
high-note? Who gives a fuck? 
GOWER 
This is about Rittenband, isn't it? 
It's cause he's running again! 
DEFERLITO 
You wanna cost him his seat on a 
profiling claim? Against Earl Monroe? 
GOWER 
(switching tacks) 
I'm getting a piece of new evidence 
that'll seal it a hundred percent. 
DEFERLITO 
Good, then come back when you got it. 
GOWER 
Ray, I'll have it before you go in the 
jury room... Now, look, we're hot on 
this kid and I don't wanna lose him. 
Think about it: if we flip him, you 
get Robert Miller. What's that worth 
to Rittenband, and you...? 
(hard) 
(MORE) 
EFTA00593541
--- PAGE 82 ---
81. 
GOWER (CONT'D) 
Twenty years we watch these guys out-
lawyer us, out-buy us. I'm fucking 
sick of it. The guy did it. He gets 
a walk cause he's on CNBC? 
Deferlito stops, stares, then signs the ARREST WARRANT. 
DEFERLITO 
You better not fuck me. 
He walks off. Gower holds a beat, then pulls out his CELL. 
GOWER 
(into phone) 
Yeah... Who's our guy at the toll authority? 
EXT. JIMMY'S APARTMENT - DUSK 
Gower waits alone in his sedan. Jimmy approaches the 
building. Gower exits his car and walks over to him. 
JIMMY 
(seeing Gower) 
Oh, man, what? 
GOWER 
Take a ride with me. 
JIMMY 
Back to the station? 
GOWER 
No, man, just a ride. 
JIMMY 
What if I say no? 
GOWER 
I'm not threatening you. I'm just 
asking you to take a ride with me. 
Jimmy considers, gets into Gower's car. 
INT. SEDAN - DRIVING 
They drive a while in silence. 
JIMMY 
Alright, man, what? 
GOWER 
Look, it's pretty fuckin' simple. I 
know you went to pick him up. 
EFTA00593542
--- PAGE 83 ---
82. 
JIMMY 
This is what you wanna talk about? I 
told you I ain't makin' any statements. 
GOWER 
And I know why. 
JIMMY 
Somebody cares? 
GOWER 
Listen: I am not playing around with 
you. I know how to do that. And you've 
been on the other side of this stuff 
before, so you know how I would do that. 
Take a look at this case folder. 
(hands it to him) 
I've got his phone calls, text messages. 
I've got the relationship. I got the 
testimony of her friends, family. They 
were fucking. They were lovers. 
(beat) 
And then I've got you. I've got the time 
log from the pay phone. I've a got a 
fucking tollbooth photograph of you 
driving your car through the Triborough. 
Jimmy thumbs through the FOLDER. There's no tollbooth PHOTO. 
JIMMY 
Where? 
GOWER 
It's coming. 
JIMMY 
That's impossible, cause I didn't do it. 
GOWER 
You think a jury will believe that? 
Jimmy's silent. 
GOWER (CONT'D) 
You gave me a statement that you 
were home in bed. You lied to me. 
You lied to the police. You 
obstructed justice. 
JIMMY 
Talk to Earl. 
GOWER 
Fuck Earl! You see this? 
(holds up the arrest warrant) 
(MORE) 
EFTA00593543
--- PAGE 84 ---
83. 
GOWER (CONT'D) 
This means tomorrow you come to 
court. And tomorrow in court I'm 
gonna ask for a felony obstruction 
indictment, and with this evidence, 
I'm gonna get one. And then we're 
gonna prosecute and win the case, 
and with your prior, you are going 
to prison for fifteen fucking 
years... You might get out in ten. 
You'll be what then, thirty-three, 
with no job, no girl, no life? 
That's what you want? 
Jimmy just sits there. 
GOWER (CONT'D) 
I know you think Robert's your friend. 
JIMMY 
Who's Robert? 
GOWER 
I know about your father. 
JIMMY 
(beat, then hard) 
You don't know a Goddamn thing 
about my father. 
GOWER 
I know Robert paid his bills while 
he was dying. I know he got Sid 
Felder to get you out of trouble on 
your gun charge. And I got a pretty 
good guess who's paying Earl 
Monroe's bills. But all that doesn't 
add up to this. 
JIMMY 
Pull the car over. 
GOWER 
So what, you're his new nigger now? 
Jimmy grabs at the door violently. It's locked. 
JIMMY 
OPEN THE FUCKING DOOR! 
GOWER 
(slows the car) 
Kid, I really am trying to help 
you. You didn't kill that girl. He 
did. You know she has a mother? Her 
mother's mourning her right now. 
(MORE) 
EFTA00593544
--- PAGE 85 ---
84. 
GOWER (CONT'D) 
She's a Catholic. And because he 
cut off her head, she can't even 
have an open-casket funeral. 
JIMMY 
Will you open the door? 
Gower unlocks it. As Jimmy gets out, Gower touches his arm. 
GOWER 
You're a bright kid. You got your 
whole life waiting for you. Don't 
let him use you like this. Do the 
right thing. 
Jimmy turns and walks up the block. 
INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE - LATER THAT NIGHT 
It's nearly empty. Ramon, the limo driver, plays Solitaire at 
a COMPUTER. Robert sits with Sid in the next room. 
SID 
He's gonna walk. 
ROBERT 
You're certain? 
SID 
He says he was at home, why 
shouldn't he be? A phone call 
doesn't make him a liar. 
(off Robert's nod) 
But what you should really be asking 
yourself, case or no, is: will he scare? 
ROBERT 
(beat) 
He's not like us. 
SID 
Is that a good thing? 
Robert takes off his READING GLASSES, rubs his eyes. Then he 
stands and starts collecting PAPERS into his BRIEFCASE. 
SID (CONT'D) 
How's Ellen? 
ROBERT 
The same... 
(stops packing, looks up) 
Why? 
EFTA00593545
--- PAGE 86 ---
85. 
SID 
I heard a rumor... 
ROBERT 
Yes...? 
SID 
She met with Gil Deutchman. 
ROBERT 
The estate lawyer? 
SID 
Yeah. Has she mentioned anything? 
ROBERT 
Not to me. 
They sit in silence. 
INT. CRIMINAL COURT - FELONY INDICTMENTS - THE NEXT DAY 
We see Jimmy in the witness box before 23 GRAND JURORS. The 
prosecutor, DeFerlito, asks questions. Gower watches from the 
back, seated across the aisle from Earl Monroe. 
DEFERLITO 
That was the night of December twelfth. 
JIMMY 
Yes. 
DEFERLITO 
You received a phone call? 
JIMMY 
Yes. 
DEFERLITO 
Who called you? 
Jimmy stares at DeFerlito. 
JIMMY 
It was a wrong number. 
DEFERLITO 
That's a lie, isn't it, Mr. Grant? 
JIMMY 
No. 
EFTA00593546
--- PAGE 87 ---
86. 
DEFERLITO 
You stayed on the phone one-and-a-
half minutes... Mr. Grant, isn't it 
the case that you know exactly who 
called you and exactly why? Why are 
you lying to this court? 
JIMMY 
I'm not lying. 
DeFerlito turns and walks back to the prosecutor's table. He 
picks up a PHOTOGRAPH and hands it to a CLERK. 
DEFERLITO 
I'm going to introduce into evidence 
People's A. This is a toll booth 
photograph taken in the northbound 
ninth lane of the Triborough bridge. 
Mr. Grant, would you read the date and 
time stamp indicated on the lower right 
hand corner? 
Jimmy stares at the photograph in disbelief. 
JIMMY 
This is crazy. 
DEFERLITO 
Mr. Grant, please answer the question. 
JIMMY 
December 12th, one fourty-three am. 
DEFERLITO 
Would you read the license plate 
number of the vehicle passing 
through the toll? 
JIMMY 
D D G five five four two. 
DEFERLITO 
(handing in another sheet) 
This is People's B, a printout from 
the Department of Motor Vehicles 
plate registry... Mr. Grant, are 
those numbers on the toll 
photograph the same ones that are 
on your own license plate? 
Jimmy's still staring at the picture. Earl watches, concerned. 
DEFERLITO (CONT'D) 
Mr. Grant? 
EFTA00593547
--- PAGE 88 ---
87. 
JIMMY 
Yes. 
DEFERLITO 
Yes, the numbers are the same? 
JIMMY 
Yes. 
DEFERLITO 
How do you explain that? 
JIMMY 
I can't. 
DEFERLITO 
But that is your car in this 
photograph, isn't it? 
JIMMY 
No. 
DEFERLITO 
No, that is not your car? 
(off his silence) 
Answer the question, Mr. Grant. 
INT. GRAND JURY COURT HALL - LATER 
Jimmy exits the courtroom and approaches Earl, taking a seat 
next to him on the bench. 
EARL 
What was that? 
JIMMY 
Some real bullshit. 
Before Earl can respond, Gower exits and walks over to them. 
GOWER 
I can halt the decision. 
EARL 
We need a minute, Detective. 
GOWER 
What about you, Jimmy? You need a minute? 
Jimmy doesn't answer. Gower sits down next to them. 
GOWER (CONT'D) 
Cause if you do we could... 
EFTA00593548
--- PAGE 89 ---
88. 
JIMMY 
Man, just shut the fuck up. 
GOWER 
You wanna keep playing games? Or 
are you ready to tell me something? 
EARL 
Detective, I need to talk to my 
client. Now will you please... 
JIMMY 
How the fuck you all lie like that? 
GOWER 
We didn't lie. You lied. 
JIMMY 
That wasn't my car. 
EARL 
...Jimmy, don't say anything else. 
GOWER 
Sure it wasn't. And it was a 
telemarketer called you from the pay 
phone, right? He stopped at the 
Chevron to make a late night sale? 
JIMMY 
You know that picture's bullshit... 
EARL 
...Jimmy, stop! Detective, what's 
going on? 
GOWER 
Go ahead, Jimmy. Tell him. See how 
the boss'll like this one. 
Earl stares at Jimmy, waiting. The bell RINGS. 
GOWER (CONT'D) 
Last chance. 
Jimmy's silent. Gower shakes his head. 
EARL 
(rising, to Jimmy) 
Wait here. 
Gower and Earl enter the courtroom. 
CLOSE ON: 
EFTA00593549
--- PAGE 90 ---
89. 
Jimmy, as he stares out the 11th floor window towards 
Brooklyn. In the distance, the Woolworth building. 
INT. FRANK CAMPBELL FUNERAL HOME - DAY 
About thirty people in a room too big for them. At the front 
are tasteful flower BOUQUETS surrounding Julie's CASKET. 
Robert enters and spots some of the people from the art 
opening, including Julie's gallery assistant. She looks at 
him quietly, then quickly looks away. 
There is no organized service; people are just walking up to 
the casket and saying prayers. Robert takes his place in a 
short line, following them. 
A beautiful woman in her 50's, SANDRINE, walks up next to him. 
SANDRINE 
Mr. Miller? 
ROBERT 
(turning) 
Yes? 
SANDRINE 
I'm Sandrine Cate, Julie's mother. 
He stops, falters a little, then hardens. 
ROBERT 
It's nice to finally meet you, Ms. 
Cote. I'm sorry for your loss. 
SANDRINE 
(nods, then) 
I just wanted to thank you for 
everything you did for my daughter. 
ROBERT 
(shaking his head softly) 
No... 
SANDRINE 
You believed in her, and you gave 
her a chance. She was happy. I know 
she was happy. 
ROBERT 
It's just... 
(emotional) 
not fair, is it? 
Sandrine starts to tear. Robert moves in and HUGS her, hard. 
EFTA00593550
--- PAGE 91 ---
90. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
(whispers) 
She was a shining star. She could've 
done anything she wanted. 
(beat) 
This shouldn't have happened. 
She pulls back a little. Robert nods, smiles a pained smile. 
SANDRINE 
I think I have to go lie down now 
for a while. 
ROBERT 
How long will you stay in town? 
SANDRINE 
Just till tomorrow. I'm taking her 
home... With all these beautiful 
flowers you gave us. 
ROBERT 
Call me if you need anything.
She nods and exits. Hold on Robert, staring at the casket. He 
touches it, softly, holds his hand there a moment. Then he 
turns and walks outside. 
EXT. FRANK CAMPBELL FUNERAL HOME - DAY 
Robert waits for his limo. 
In the distance, he spots Mills and Gower sitting inside 
their SEDAN, watching him. Robert and Gower lock eyes. 
Gower gets out of his car. 
Robert offers a slight nod. Gower doesn't respond. 
Robert's limo arrives. He enters it and drives off. 
INT. SHERRY NETHERLAND HOTEL - RESTAURANT - DAY 
JAMES MAYFIELD (50s) waits alone at a table. Robert enters. 
They shake hands, then sit. 
ROBERT 
You keep sending people to my 
office to "do business." 
MAYFIELD 
They're getting acquainted. 
EFTA00593551
--- PAGE 92 ---
91. 
ROBERT 
With the intricacies of my 
operation so that you can... not 
buy it? 
MAYFIELD 
You remember what it was like on 
our side of the fence. Everything 
just moves... a little slower. Plus 
this whole audit mess doesn't help. 
You know, clearing that... 
ROBERT 
Fuck you. 
MAYFIELD 
Excuse me...? 
ROBERT 
FUCK - YOU. I'm the Oracle of 
Gracie Square. You came to me. I 
didn't come to you. 
MAYFIELD 
Robert, I... 
ROBERT 
No. Forget it, forget it... I run a 
comfortable -- excuse me -- I run a 
THRIVING business, that has returned 
year-to-date 15.4% percent to our 
investors, or approximately $273 
Million, from a trading operation 
that you don't have and that we both 
know that you need, or else you 
never would've called. You on the 
other hand, have taken a salary of 
Million, and delivered a falling 
share prices of what, what, minus 
fourteen dollars? And therein having 
lost your investors roughly... THREE 
AND A HALF BILLION - TELL ME -- WHY -
THE FUCK - DO I - NEED YOU? 
MAYFIELD 
Let's just calm... 
ROBERT 
...so we issue a press release 
today, say there is no deal, never 
was, quell all the rumors. You won't 
be buying Old Hill, Quantum- you 
won't be buying anything. 
(MORE) 
EFTA00593552
--- PAGE 93 ---
92. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
I'll continue to earn my returns, 
and while I sail into my twilight 
years, your stock drops a couple 
bucks on yet another failed 
acquisition attempt. Bodes well for 
your tenure, doesn't it? 
MAYFIELD 
Your price is too high. 
Robert stands. 
ROBERT 
Have a good day. 
MAYFIELD 
(quickly) 
Four hundred. 
ROBERT 
Five-fifty. 
MAYFIELD 
Four-fifty. 
ROBERT 
Five twenty-five. That's it. Yes or no? 
(short beat) 
Say no and any further communication 
goes to my wastebasket. 
MAYFIELD 
(extending his hand) 
It's a deal. 
ROBERT 
(grasping it) 
One more thing -- six months and I'm 
out. My daughter's gonna run it. You 
know her, you trust her. 
MAYFIELD 
Alright. 
ROBERT 
And you're gonna have to make my 
son a VP. 
MAYFIELD 
Robert... 
ROBERT 
He doesn't have to do anything, he 
just gets the salary and the 
office. 
(MORE) 
EFTA00593553
--- PAGE 94 ---
93. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
Both of 'em on five-year employment 
contracts, and my lawyers draft 
them. Yes or no? 
MAYFIELD 
Yes. 
Robert pulls out a pen and jots down the deal points they 
have just outlined onto the paper TABLECLOTH. 
MAYFIELD (CONT'D) 
What are you doing? 
ROBERT 
Writing the deal. 
MAYFIELD 
Are you serious? 
ROBERT 
(ripping off the tablecloth) 
Sign it. 
Mayfield thinks a moment, then reaches over and signs the table 
cloth. Robert does the same and then folds it into his pocket. 
MAYFIELD 
I'll send over a draft of the press release. 
As Robert stands to go, he clutches his bruised rib. 
MAYFIELD (CONT'D) 
Are you all right? 
ROBERT 
I'm fine... Before I go -- you 
would've paid...? 
MAYFIELD 
Six hundred. And you would've taken...? 
ROBERT 
Four seventy-five. 
MAYFIELD 
So we made a good deal. 
ROBERT 
That's a nice moniker for you. 
INT. ROBERT'S MANSION - GYM - MORNING 
Ellen exercises on a STAIRMASTER. Brooke enters and joins her 
on a nearby ELLIPTICAL. 
EFTA00593554
--- PAGE 95 ---
94. 
ELLEN 
(working up a good sweat) 
Hi, sweetheart. 
BROOKE 
Hi. 
Brooke rides the machine hard. 
ELLEN 
(noticing, smiling) 
You're on level six? 
BROOKE 
(breathing heavy already) 
Yeah... 
ELLEN 
Maybe you should pace yourself. 
Brooke fakes a smile, ignoring her, and rides harder. 
ELLEN (CONT'D) 
Honey, what is it? 
BROOKE 
Nothing. 
ELLEN 
Is it the deal? 
BROOKE 
(strides faster) 
No. 
ELLEN 
You want me to guess? 
(no response) 
You're being silly. 
Brooke stabs "Stop" on the machine, quickly cooling down. 
BROOKE 
(heading to the door) 
I just thought I'd say good 
morning. Sorry to bother you. 
ELLEN 
(a beat) 
Did you handle the hospital? 
BROOKE 
No. 
EFTA00593555
--- PAGE 96 ---
95. 
ELLEN 
He didn't sign the check? 
BROOKE 
No. 
ELLEN 
Brooke, what's going on? 
BROOKE 
I don't know if we're going to be 
able to deliver the check. 
ELLEN 
Why not? 
BROOKE 
There are some issues related to 
the closing. 
ELLEN 
We don't lie to each other. 
BROOKE 
I'm not lying to you. 
ELLEN 
(a beat) 
I heard a policeman showed up at 
the office? What's that about? 
BROOKE 
I honestly don't know. 
ELLEN 
Your father's walking around with a 
cut on his face, hiding some pain 
in his stomach. He hasn't slept all 
week. Now there's no money for a 
routine gift. This doesn't strike 
you as strange? 
BROOKE 
Of course it does. 
ELLEN 
What do you have to say about it? 
BROOKE 
(a beat) 
He's my father. I have to trust 
him, don't I? 
She turns and heads to the door. 
EFTA00593556
--- PAGE 97 ---
96. 
ELLEN 
You have to do what's best for your 
life. Not his, not mine, not anyone 
else's. Your life. 
Brooke stops, pauses without turning, then continues out. 
INT. MILLER CAPITAL - FRONT OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER 
We track with Brooke through the main trading room. Tons of 
PEOPLE buzzing around. She slowly surveys the scene. 
An ASSISTANT approaches. 
ASSISTANT 
I printed the account log you asked for. 
Brooke puts on her reading glasses. 
BROOKE 
Where? 
ASSISTANT 
Eating your desk. 
BROOKE 
(manages a smile) 
Thanks. 
INT. MILLER CAPITAL - BROOKE'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 
Brooke sits at her desk staring down at the giant ream of 
"Old Hill Fund" DOT MATRIX PRINTOUTS in front of her. 
She uses her COMPUTER to log into an ACCOUNTING program, 
inputting a password and bringing up the "Old Hill Fund." 
Tons of numbers on the screen. She moves her mouse and clicks 
a button marked: "APPROVE." A dialog box pops back up: 
"You have marked this account approved."
Brooke stands and lifts the ream of paper off her desk, 
throwing it into the wastebasket. Then she turns her body to 
the glass wall and stares out at the skyline. 
INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE - LATER 
Robert works at his desk. 
EFTA00593557
--- PAGE 98 ---
97. 
SECRETARY 
(over intercom) 
Will Simon from Citibank on A. 
ROBERT 
(into phone) 
Will, what's up? 
SIMON (0.S.) 
I just wanted to let you know that 
you received a wire transfer of 
$525 Million this morning from JP 
Morgan. We placed it into the "Old 
Hill Fund," per your instructions. 
ROBERT 
Excellent. 
SIMON (0.S.) 
We also honored a redemption 
request. $462 million credited back 
to Greenberg and Associates. 
ROBERT 
(beat) 
Thank you, Will. 
He hangs up, then turns to his computer and composes an email: 
"To Jeffrey Greenberg: 
'And he saith unto them, Why are ye fearful, 0 ye of little 
faith?' Thanks for always being a supreme ass. Goodbye." 
Robert stands and dials the INTERCOM. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
(into phone) 
Assemble the Executive Committee. 
INT. MILLER CAPITAL - CONFERENCE ROOM - LATER 
Brooke, Peter, Gavin, and many of the various STAFF we have 
met are gathered around a long conference table. Robert 
stands at the front of the room. 
ROBERT 
...many of you I'll see at the gala 
tomorrow. But as the sale's official as 
of this afternoon, you are now free to 
discuss it. Any further questions? 
EFTA00593558
--- PAGE 99 ---
98. 
PETER 
(jovial) 
Will we get new business cards? 
ROBERT 
(nods) 
Everyone but you. 
They all stand and shuffle out. Gavin holds back with Robert. 
GAVIN 
(sotto) 
How'd you make Mayfield come around? 
ROBERT 
I met his price. I just took it out of 
your share. 
Robert? 
Yeah. 
Good work. 
GAVIN 
ROBERT 
GAVIN 
ROBERT 
I'm glad I meet with your approbation. 
Now go and fetch me the hospital check. 
Gavin walks off. Robert's cell RINGS. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
(into phone) 
Hello? 
SID (0.S.) 
It's not good... 
INT. JIMMY'S APARTMENT - DUSK 
Jimmy sits on the sofa watching "Wheel of Fortune." Reina 
cooks dinner. The INTERCOM BUZZES. She walks over to it. 
REINA 
(over intercom) 
Hello? 
EXT. JIMMY'S APARTMENT - DUSK 
Robert leans into the entrance INTERCOM. 
EFTA00593559
--- PAGE 100 ---
99. 
ROBERT 
I'm looking for Jimmy. 
REINA (0.S.) 
Who's this? 
ROBERT 
It's Robert. 
A pause. The door BUZZES open. 
INT. JIMMY'S APARTMENT 
Jimmy answers the door. Robert enters in silence. Reina 
crosses and heads to the bedroom. 
Jimmy gestures to the table. Robert sits, not saying 
anything. Jimmy heads to the kitchen. 
JIMMY 
You want something to drink? 
ROBERT 
What you got? 
JIMMY 
Not much. 
ROBERT 
You got any milk? 
JIMMY 
No. 
ROBERT 
I'll take a water. 
Jimmy starts running the tap. Robert notices the moving BOXES. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
Where are you going? 
JIMMY 
What? 
ROBERT 
The boxes. 
JIMMY 
I was planning on Virginia, but it 
looks like I'm not going anymore. 
Jimmy returns with the water. Robert take a drink. 
EFTA00593560
--- PAGE 101 ---
100. 
JIMMY (CONT'D) 
You waiting for me to say something? 
ROBERT 
I told you not to take the toll. 
JIMMY 
Yes, you did. 
ROBERT 
I said "Listen to what I have to 
tell you and follow my directions, 
listen to me closely, do the 
following just like I say." 
JIMMY 
Yes. You said all that. 
ROBERT 
But you took the toll. 
JIMMY 
No, I did not. 
ROBERT 
Come on, Jimmy, don't fucking lie 
to me... 
JIMMY 
I'm not! I took ninety-five all the 
Goddamn way there. I did what you 
said: I didn't stop. I didn't take 
the Triborough. I followed all your 
fucking instructions. 
ROBERT 
So where'd they get the picture? 
JIMMY 
You tell me. 
ROBERT 
So, you're saying... it's a fake? 
JIMMY 
How'd you get so rich again? 
ROBERT 
Jimmy... 
JIMMY 
Hey, Jimmy nothing. This is my life, 
man! Earl's telling me it could be 
ten years. Ten fucking years! How 
much are ten years worth? 
EFTA00593561
--- PAGE 102 ---
101. 
ROBERT 
Don't make me answer that. 
JIMMY 
Look man, I told you, I ain't a 
fuckin' snitch, but this is really 
bad. Reina and I got a whole plan 
we're about to make happen next week! 
ROBERT 
What plan? 
JIMMY 
I got money saved; I'm buying a business. 
ROBERT 
What business? 
JIMMY 
I bought an Applebee's. 
ROBERT 
What's an Applebee's? 
JIMMY 
It's a fucking restaurant, man, it's 
a chain restaurant. 
ROBERT 
You bought an Applebee's in Virginia? 
JIMMY 
Is this really what you came here to 
talk about? What are you gonna do? 
ROBERT 
It's not that simple, Jimmy. I have 
people depending on me. 
JIMMY 
Yeah, me! 
ROBERT 
No, I mean, I'm in a situation now... 
JIMMY 
What situation? 
ROBERT 
I told you... right now, if I were to 
speak, a lot of people would get hurt. 
Can you try to understand that? 
EFTA00593562
--- PAGE 103 ---
102. 
JIMMY 
And what about me? What about my situation? 
(off his silence) 
They showed me pictures, man; 
that's fucked up what you did. And 
yeah, I know, all the people 
counting on you, whatever, but 
you told me Earl was gonna make 
this right. Now you know I care 
about you, all the things you did 
for us, I owe you, okay, but man--
Earl said they're offering me a 
deal, no charges at all. I walk 
away. They just want to know who I 
went to pick up. 
(beat) 
Why are you putting me in this position? 
ROBERT 
(standing) 
Can you just hang tight? Just a 
little longer? 
JIMMY 
Alright, man, but Earl said the deal's 
on the table for twenty-four hours. 
After that, they're filing the case, 
and Earl says we're gonna lose. 
ROBERT 
(nods) 
I hear you. I'll be back with you 
as soon as I can. Just hang on. 
Jimmy nods. Robert walks out. Reina crosses back into the 
living room as he approaches the door and exits. 
REINA 
You have to give him up. 
JIMMY 
You said take the money. 
REINA 
That was to keep quiet, not to go away. 
(beat) 
What's he offering you now? 
JIMMY 
What can he offer me? 
INT. ROBERT'S LIMO - NIGHT 
The limo drives down Fifth Avenue. Robert's on the phone. 
EFTA00593563
--- PAGE 104 ---
103. 
SID (O.S.) 
We went to the toll authority. They 
said they gave the tape to the cops. 
I've requested our investigator go 
examine it at the evidence room, but 
what's the point? 
ROBERT 
He says he didn't take the toll. 
SID (O.S.) 
And you believe him? 
ROBERT 
(after a beat) 
Does Morgan have clawback? 
SID (O.S.) 
I don't take your meaning? 
ROBERT 
Let's say I decide to go in... 
SID (O.S.) 
Have you lost your mind? 
ROBERT 
No, just listen. If I were to surrender 
now, could they undo the sale? 
SID (O.S.) 
(after a beat) 
No, what's done is done. There's no 
intent to defraud. You haven't warranted 
any behavior. So it's just money. 
ROBERT 
Four years, you think? 
SID (O.S.) 
At this point- I dunno, they're not 
gonna make it easy.... I really suggest 
you think about this. 
ROBERT 
(beat) 
Call the DA, get it started. 
Robert hangs up. He stares out the window at Central Park. 
INT. ROBERT'S MANSION - NIGHT 
He enters the foyer and ascends the steps to his bedroom. 
EFTA00593564
--- PAGE 105 ---
104. 
INT. ROBERT'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 
No Ellen. He looks at his watch: "11:30PM." 
He moves over towards the bed and dials the tableside PHONE. 
ROBERT 
(into phone) 
Yes. Did Mrs. Miller say where she 
was going tonight...? Aha... No, 
I'm sure... I'll try her cell. 
He clicks off and DIALS another number, hears Ellen's voice 
mail come on the line, and hangs up. 
He exhales and lies down on the bed in his clothes, staring 
at the ceiling. He lies motionless a moment. 
And then he sits up, thinks, and shakes his head. 
He quickly picks up the phone, stabbing at the keys. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
(into phone) 
Sid...? Yeah- call Earl, tell him 
to get his car and meet us at my 
house in twenty minutes... And, 
Sid...? Bring a notary. 
EXT. TRIBOROUGH BRIDGE - NIGHT 
A steady stream of rain-soaked CARS passes through the toll. 
We follow a BLUE LEXUS as it approaches the far right lane. 
INT. LEXUS - SAME 
Earl Monroe pays the TOLL CLERK through the window, getting a 
RECEIPT. Then he pulls his car to the side of the road, parking 
at a BUILDING labelled "Port Authority - Administration." 
He opens a LAPTOP on the passenger seat, typing numbers from 
the toll receipt into a little box on the screen. A portable 
PRINTER spits out pages. Earl stamps them with a NOTARY. 
INT. TOLL AUTHORITY - NIGHT 
Earl waits at the front desk of the drab government office. 
BRENT, a balding man in his 30's, approaches. 
BRENT 
I'm Brent Owens, the night 
supervisor. How can I help you? 
EFTA00593565
--- PAGE 106 ---
105. 
EARL 
(handing him some papers) 
Hello, Brent. I'm executing a criminal 
evidence subpoena. I need to get a 
look at one of your lane tapes. 
Brent looks over the papers, confused. 
BRENT 
I don't understand. This says you 
want to look at a tape made ten 
minutes ago...? 
INT. ROBERT'S LIMO - CONTINUOUS 
Robert and Sid stare ahead, silently. Sid tries to say something. 
ROBERT 
(holding up his hand) 
Just wait. 
Sid slumps back. They keep staring at nothing. 
EXT. TRIBOROUGH BRIDGE - CONTINUOUS 
Robert's limo idles by the side of the road, hazards 
flashing. Earl jogs up to it, trying to keep dry. 
INT. ROBERT'S LIMO - CONTINUOUS 
A RAPPING noise on the window startles Sid, who rolls it 
down, sees Earl, and opens the door. 
Earl climbs inside, removing a dripping-wet PLASTIC BAG from 
his breast pocket as he talks. 
EARL 
They won't release tapes without a 
court order, but they gave me a 
print out, the same kind they used 
at Jimmy's indictment. 
Earl reaches inside the bag and removes the PHOTOGRAPH he got 
from the toll authority. He lays it on the counter. 
It's from a toll camera, showing his car and license plate. 
ROBERT 
(to Earl) 
The Lexus- that's your car, your plate? 
Earl nods. 
EFTA00593566
--- PAGE 107 ---
106. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
(to Sid) 
Where's Jimmy's? 
Sid lays the PHOTOGRAPH we saw earlier of Jimmy's car going 
through the toll onto the counter next to the one Earl has 
just placed there. 
Robert picks up a high-end MAGNIFYING GLASS and leans over to 
look at the two photos. 
CLOSE-UP: 
He scans the photograph of Earl's car, moving slowly 
through it left-to-right. 
Then he scans the photograph of Jimmy's car, passing left-to-
right until --
He passes back by the license plate area and stops --
The lines around the license plate of Jimmy's car are all 
slightly-pixelated. 
He switches back to the plate on Earl's car. The lines are 
fine. Back to Jimmy's. Pixelated. 
Robert puts down the magnifier, straightens, and smiles. 
INT. JUDGE'S CHAMBERS - THE NEXT DAY 
Earl sits across from DA Deferlito and Gower. JUDGE 
RITTENBAND reviews both TOLL PHOTOS with a MAGNIFYING GLASS. 
RITTENBAND 
They look a little different to me, 
too... Is there a reason you haven't 
allowed Mr. Monroe's investigator to 
conduct his own analysis? 
DEFERLITO 
We've had some issues regarding 
chain-of-title... 
RITTENBAND 
...You don't have them anymore. 
You're to meet him with the evidence 
in the next hour. 
DEFERLITO 
I'm afraid that's not possible. 
A beat. 
EFTA00593567
--- PAGE 108 ---
107. 
RITTENBAND 
Where's the tape? 
(another beat) 
Am I not speaking loud enough? 
GOWER 
Your honor... 
RITTENBAND 
Yes? 
DEFERLITO 
It seems there's been... 
RITTENBAND 
...Let him tell me. 
GOWER 
We can't find it. 
RITTENBAND 
Come again? 
GOWER 
It's not in the evidence locker. 
RITTENBAND 
Where is it? 
GOWER 
We don't know. 
Silence. Rittenband gets up, paces. 
RITTENBAND 
I'll ask you one last time, 
detective. Where is the tape? 
GOWER 
(after a beat) 
We lost it. 
RITTENBAND 
(sits) 
In light of these developments, 
and I would think you should be very 
happy to hear this, with Mr. 
Monroe's approval I'm going to offer 
Mr. Deferlito the opportunity to 
voluntarily dismiss the indictment 
to save us all a bunch of 
embarrassment. 
EFTA00593568
--- PAGE 109 ---
108. 
DEFERLITO 
I don't feel comfortable with that, 
your honor. 
RITTENBAND 
Further I'm going to put all charges 
against Mr. Grant under seal. The case 
is dismissed with prejudice and it is 
not to be refiled. If you have another 
suspect in the automobile death then go 
ahead and present them, but Mr. Grant 
is free from any further inquiry in 
this matter. This is over. Do I have 
your understanding? 
INT. JUDGE'S CHAMBERS - EXIT HALL 
Everyone is filing out. As Gower hits the door, Judge 
Rittenband grabs his arm. 
RITTENBAND 
Hang on a second... 
GOWER 
Yes, your honor? 
RITTENBAND 
(beat) 
You finessed that, didn't you...? 
GOWER 
I'm sorry? 
RITTENBAND 
.You fucking finessed it. I know 
it, and you know it. 
GOWER 
...Judge... 
RITTENBAND 
(puts his hand on Gower's 
arm, leans in) 
Don't finesse it. I know who you're 
after. And I saw all the evidence, 
not just the toll pictures. But you 
gotta get him the right way. 
GOWER 
(beat) 
We don't have anything. 
EFTA00593569
--- PAGE 110 ---
109. 
RITTENBAND 
Hey... Time is on your side. Just 
hang in. Maybe you'll get lucky. 
INT. COURTHOUSE HALL - MOMENTS LATER 
Mills waits on a nearby bench, watching as Gower exits the 
chambers, confused. DeFerlito walks up to Gower, yells at 
him, then walks off. Mills approaches. 
MILLS 
What happened? 
INT. JIMMY'S APARTMENT - LATER 
Jimmy takes a last look around his near-empty one-bedroom, a 
GYM BAG slung over his shoulder. He pulls out his cell and 
DIALS, closing the front door behind him. 
JIMMY 
(into phone) 
Rei...? Yeah, I'll be by in a little. 
EXT. BENCH OUTSIDE COFFEE SHOP ON IRVING - AFTERNOON 
Robert and Jimmy sit. Jimmy looks at the TRUST DOCUMENT. 
ROBERT 
You didn't hurt anybody. You helped 
a lot of people. 
JIMMY 
And now this makes it all okay? 
ROBERT 
No, it just makes it easier. 
JIMMY 
(beat) 
You worried I'm gonna say something? 
ROBERT 
No. 
Jimmy keeps staring at the document. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
So... Why Applebee's? 
JIMMY 
Rei's cousin works in the foreclosure 
office down there, and he's smart. 
EFTA00593570
--- PAGE 111 ---
110. 
ROBERT 
How much did they owe? 
JIMMY 
40k. 
ROBERT 
And you bought it for that? 
JIMMY 
Yup. 
ROBERT 
Where'd you get 40k? 
(no answer) 
You dealing again? 
JIMMY 
You're asking me that like, what, 
outta parental concern or some shit? 
A beat. 
ROBERT 
You've grown up a lot since we first 
met. I'm sorry I wasn't around for more 
of it. I'm sorry about a lot of things. 
JIMMY 
Oh, save it, man. You asked me to 
come down here, so I came, not to 
get your "thanks" and your 
"sorries" but cause I wanted to get 
something straight between us, and 
that's this: we're even. 
ROBERT 
No. What you did was beyond money. 
JIMMY 
Nothing's beyond money for you. 
(pointing to the document) 
And if I take this, then what does 
that say about me? 
He thinks a moment, then folds the document and puts it in 
his pocket. 
JIMMY (CONT'D) 
Fuck it. I'm gonna take your money 
and do something good with it. 
They stand and shake hands. 
EFTA00593571
--- PAGE 112 ---
INT. ROBERT'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 
Ellen is dressed in a full BALL GOWN. She sits at a table 
finishing her MAKE-UP. 
Robert enters and begins changing into a TUXEDO. 
She doesn't say anything. He waits a moment, then... 
ROBERT 
(tying his tie) 
What? 
She ignores him. 
ROBERT (CONT'D) 
What is it? 
ELLEN 
You spoke to Brooke? 
He slows... Something's brewing. 
ROBERT 
Did she tell you that? 
ELLEN 
No. She didn't have to. 
He stops tying his tie, approaches Ellen. 
ROBERT 
Ellen... 
ELLEN 
Oh, don't. 
ROBERT 
What? 
ELLEN 
Just don't. 
He slumps against the wall, waiting for the barrage to start. 
And then it comes. 
ELLEN (CONT'D) 
No, you don't have to worry, our daughter 
didn't tell me your little secret. 
ROBERT 
I explained to Brooke that... 
EFTA00593572
--- PAGE 113 ---
112. 
ELLEN 
...you explained, did you? 
(a beat) 
Did you tell her everything? 
ROBERT 
Yes. 
ELLEN 
Everything? 
ROBERT 
Yes. 
ELLEN 
You're such a liar. You're such a 
fucking liar you even look me in 
the eyes when you lie to me. 
ROBERT 
Ellen... 
ELLEN 
You told her everything?! Lift up 
your shirt. 
He just stands there. 
ELLEN (CONT'D) 
LIFT UP YOUR SHIRT! 
He does. She sees the deep bruise from the accident. And then 
she picks up a NEWSPAPER from her make-up table and throws it 
at his broken rib. 
He winces, clutching his side, then looks down at the floor. 
It's the Post article chronicling Julie's death. 
ELLEN (CONT'D) 
Did you tell her about that? 
ROBERT 
(long beat) 
Ellen I don't know what you think 
you know... 
ELLEN 
Oh, no, no, no, no. We're not gonna do 
that. That is over between us. Over. 
ROBERT 
I never lied to you. 
EFTA00593573
--- PAGE 114 ---
113. 
ELLEN 
I know you weren't here. You've been 
sneaking off to see her for months. 
You don't think I know that? 
He tries to grab her. 
ELLEN (CONT'D) 
Get your hands off me! 
She's so forceful he immediately does. 
ELLEN (CONT'D) 
That privilege ended when you 
brought this into our home. I never 
cared about your secretaries, your-
gallerists, whores, whatever you 
call them. I cared about our home. 
And you brought this to our door. 
ROBERT 
I did what was necessary. 
ELLEN 
What you did was take us all to the 
edge, and for what exactly? 
ROBERT 
Now you're gonna tell me how to run 
my business. 
ELLEN 
Your business? These are OUR 
things. Where do you think we're 
going tonight? Why do you think 
I've even tolerated this? 
ROBERT 
And why have I? Your endless 
hair treatments and exercise 
regimens, oh, and let's not 
forget, our sainted charities! 
Look at all your good works. How 
do you think I've paid for them? 
ELLEN 
I didn't ask questions so you 
didn't have to lie. But there was 
something we understood... 
ROBERT 
...I did this to protect us! 
EFTA00593574
--- PAGE 115 ---
114. 
ELLEN 
...and you broke that understanding 
when you brought Brooke into it. 
When you made her complicit and 
risked her future. I'm surprised 
you didn't ask her to help you get 
rid of your whore, too. You 
probably had someone else for that. 
ROBERT 
Don't say that to me, Ellen. 
ELLEN 
I can say whatever I like. And you 
know why I can say whatever I like? 
Because you -- are a dishonest man. 
I've tolerated it for a long time, 
(pointing at the newspaper) 
but that girl's dead, and you put us 
at risk for her. Our company's 
diseased, and you forced our 
daughter's hand in it. Those aren't 
indiscretions to feed your need for 
conquest. They go far beyond that. 
They are things I will not tolerate. 
She opens a FOLDER revealing some legal documents, slides 
them toward him. 
ELLEN (CONT'D) 
And because it's over. Why don't 
you read those? 
He does. We see the title: "SEPARATION AGREEMENT" and hold on 
him reading for a few brief seconds until... 
ROBERT 
"All ownership and voting rights 
transfer to the Miller Charitable 
Foundation, to be administered by 
Brooke Miller?" Did you expect me 
to sign this? 
ELLEN 
You don't follow. 
ROBERT 
Apparently not. 
ELLEN 
(like talking to a child) 
The police have called me. I assume 
they want to know where you were 
that night. And you know what? I'm 
not gonna lie for you anymore. 
(MORE) 
EFTA00593575
--- PAGE 116 ---
115. 
ELLEN (CONT'D) 
I'm not gonna risk myself for you 
anymore. Not unless you sign that. 
A beat. 
ROBERT 
You're leaving me with nothing. 
ELLEN 
I think you'll manage on that. That 
and whatever you put away offshore 
for a storm. 
ROBERT 
(shakes head) 
This is insane. 
ELLEN 
If you sign, then I'll tell your 
lie. I'll say you were at home with 
me that night, all night. I'll 
become your accomplice, and you'll 
be free and clear. And our money 
will go to people who need it. 
That's my price. 
ROBERT 
You're out of your mind. I'm not 
going to sign this. 
ELLEN 
Oh you'll sign it, because if you 
don't - I'll tell them you came home 
at five thirty bleeding and bruised. 
ROBERT 
(laughs) 
That's ridiculous! 
ELLEN 
So what? It's enough to make trouble-
the kind you don't want. In fact, 
Deuchman says it's enough for 
probable cause to subpoena your cell 
phone, GPS, DNA, whatever else they 
can think of. Now do you want to 
spend the next three years in court 
or at your desk? 
ROBERT 
(shakes head) 
You won't do it. You won't do it to 
the kids. 
EFTA00593576
--- PAGE 117 ---
116. 
ELLEN 
You just try me. 
ROBERT 
Ellen--
ELLEN 
And I know now you'll try to 
negotiate. You'll try to threaten 
me. You'll try to charm me. You 
might even try to beg, but at the 
end, you'll make due with this 
arrangement because you know that 
it's how it has to be. 
(slight pause) 
Then we'll wait a while until 
things settle. You can take the 
guest room. After that, you'll take 
your things, and you'll go. 
A beat. 
ROBERT 
Does it have to end like this? 
ELLEN 
You broke her heart. 
ROBERT 
It's how it all works, Ellen. You 
know this. 
ELLEN 
I do, but she didn't. 
ROBERT 
She's better for it. The world's cold. 
ELLEN 
(finishes dressing) 
Then you're gonna need a warm coat. 
INT. MAYFIELD'S LIMO - NIGHT 
The car rides up Madison Avenue. Mayfield marks up a bunch of 
memos in a leather-bound folder. An aide we met earlier, JOHN 
AIMES, sits nearby. 
AIMES 
There's just one more thing... And 
I hate to mention it now, but I 
just received it... 
EFTA00593577
--- PAGE 118 ---
117. 
MAYFIELD 
Speak, John. 
Aimes opens a FOLDER, handing it to Mayfield. 
AIMES 
I had Peat Marwick run a secondary 
audit on the Miller financials. 
We catch a glimpse of the top sheet as Mayfield reads: 
"KPMG CONFIDENTIAL AUDIT - MILLER CAPITAL - We have reviewed 
the records you submitted and have found no way to legitimately 
substantiate a recent capital transfer of $412 Million..." 
We hold on Mayfield's face as he tries hard to conceal the 
spreading realization. 
MAYFIELD 
Who authorized this? 
AIMES 
I did. 
MAYFIELD 
(after a beat) 
And what did you conclude? 
AIMES 
It's in front of you. 
MAYFIELD 
I didn't ask you what the paper said, 
John. I asked you what you thought. 
AIMES 
(after a beat, carefully) 
Well... what do you think? 
MAYFIELD 
I think... I think... that I don't 
see anything wrong here. 
Mayfield closes the folder and places it with the rest of his 
papers. Rimes nods. 
They arrive at the Pierre Hotel and exit the car. 
INT. PIERRE HOTEL - GRAND BALLROOM - NIGHT 
We see throngs of the wealthy ascend the steps leading up to 
the opulent hall. Lining the walls are plaques for: 
"Mt. Sinai Hospital - Miller Oncology Center." 
EFTA00593578
--- PAGE 119 ---
118. 
INT. GRAND BALLROOM - LATER 
Seated at one of the many round tables are Robert, Ellen, 
Peter, Gavin, Mayfield, Aimes, Jeffrey, and a few spouses and 
attendants. Chamber MUSIC plays while everyone eats dinner. 
We focus in on Robert as he stares intently out into the 
room, his eyes a mixture of ferocity and resignation. In the 
distance, we hear a SPEAKER'S voice fade in. It's Brooke.
BROOKE 
...and to receive this prestigious 
award, I invite now to the stage the 
man who led this generous effort, and 
whose financial trading firm, Miller 
Capital, has just this morning been 
acquired by JP Morgan, a dedicated 
businessman, family man, scholar, 
philanthropist and all-around 
humanitarian, a man I'm pleased to 
call my mentor, my friend -- and my 
father -- Mr. Robert Miller... 
Robert stands against deafening APPLAUSE as he makes his way 
to the stage and, in one continuous shot, gives Brooke a hug, 
takes the podium, opens his notes, and begins to talk. 
FADE TO BLACK. 
EFTA00593579

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593580.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593580.pdf
----------------------------------------
"ARBITRAGE" 
CAST 
EFTA00593580
--- PAGE 2 ---
AL PACINO 
SELECT FILMOGRAPHY 
YOU DON'T KNOW JACK (2010), dir: Barry Levinson 
OCEAN'S THIRTEEN (2007), dir: Steven Soderbergh 
THE INSIDER (1999), dir: Michael Mann 
HEAT (1995). dir: Michael Mann 
CARLITO'S WAY (2003), dir: Brian De Palma 
EFTA00593581
--- PAGE 3 ---
SUSAN SARANDON 
SELECT FILMOGRAPHY 
WALL STREET: MONEY NEVER SLEEPS (2010), dir: Oliver Stone 
YOU DON'T KNOW JACK (2010), dir: Barry Levinson 
THE LOVELY BONES (2009), dir: Peter Jackson 
IN THE VALLEY OF ELAH (2007), dir: Paul Haggis 
DEAD MAN WALKING (1995). dir: Tim Robbins 
EFTA00593582
--- PAGE 4 ---
EVA GREEN 
SELECT FILMOGRAPHY 
CAMELOT (2011) - GK Films 
THE GOLDEN COMPASS (2007), dir: Chris Weitz 
CASINO ROYAL (2006), dir: Martin Campbell 
KINGDOM OF HEAVEN (2005). dir: Ridley Scott 
THE DREAMERS (2003), dir: Bernardo Bertolucci 
EFTA00593583
--- PAGE 5 ---
MICHELLE MONAGHAN 
SELECT FILMOGRAPHY 
DUE DATE (2010), dir: Todd Phillips 
GONE, BABY, GONE (2007), dir: Ben Affleck 
MISSION IMPOSSIBLE: III (2006), dir: JJ Abrams 
KISS KISS, BANG BANG (2005), dir: Shane Black 
EFTA00593584
--- PAGE 6 ---
EDGAR RAMIREZ 
SELECT FILMOGRAPHY 
CARLOS (2010), dir: Olivier Assayes 
CHE: PART ONE (2008), dir: Steven Soderbergh 
VANTAGE POINT (2007), dir: Pete Travis 
THE BOURNE ULTIMATUM (2007), dir: Paul Greengrass 
EFTA00593585
--- PAGE 7 ---
AUBREY GRAHAM AKA "DRAKE" 
SELECT FILMOGRAPHY 
Degrassi: The Next Generation 
Grammy Nominated Recording Artist 
2010 Best Male Hip-Hop Artist Award Winner, BET Awards 
EFTA00593586

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593587.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593587.pdf
----------------------------------------
"ARBITRAGE" FINANCE PLAN 11.24.10 
"SIMPLE" BREAKDOWN;) 
TOTAL CASH BUDGET 
(WHAT MOVIE COSTS TO MAKE) 
9,500,000 
ASSUME: 32 shoot days, nyc, dir provides 
key locations, no producer/writer/director fees 
FOREIGN SALES 
PRESALES (ASSUME WILL HIT) 
ACTUAL SALES TO DATE 
REMAINING SALES 
DEPOSITS 
CLOSED LESS DEPOSITS (SOLD FOREIGN BASE) 
BANK LOAN ON SOLO FOREIGN BASE 
GAP LOAN ON REMAINING FOREIGN BASE 
TOTAL FOREIGN LOAN FEES 
FOREIGN LOAN PROCEEDS TO PRODUCTION 
LEFT FOR EQUITY TO RECOUP FROM 
UNLOANED FOREIGN AFTER FEES 
7,771,500 
4,387,000 
3,384,500 
AT AFM- beat take by 8%, assume 5% overall above estimates 
Closed per attached chart 
658,050 
15% 
3,728,950 
2,983,160 
80% 
After discount and fees 
1,692,250 
50% 
After discount and fees 
514,295 
11% 
4,675,410 
2,581,795 
TAX CREDIT 
TAX CREDIT 
BANK LOAN ON TAX CREDIT 
TAX LOAN FEES 
TAX PROCEEDS TO PRODUCTION 
LEFT FOR EQUITY TO RECOUP FROM 
UNLOANED TAX CREDIT AFTER FEES 
1,995,000 
1,695,750 
169,575 
1,496,250 
129,675 
21% 
Per Bob Salerno on NYS Tax Credit 
85% 
10% 
75% 
After discount and fees 
ALL LOAN PROCEEDS TO PRODUCTION 
DEPOSITS TO PRODUCTION 
ALL PROCEEDS TO PRODUCTION 
6,171,660 
658,050 
6,829,710 
SALES FEES 
SALES COMMISSION 
MARKET CHARGE 
TOTAL SALES FEES 
582,863 7.5% 
150,000 
732,863 
Lisa Wilson at Parlay/GK Films 
OTHER FEES 
WITHHOLDING TAXES (WHT) 
COLLECTION ACOUNT (CAM) 
RESIDUALS 
TOTAL OTHER FEES 
77,715 
77,715 
233,145 
388,575 
1% 
1% 
3% 
TOTAL FEES (SALES AND OTHER) 
PROCEEDS LESS FEES (SALES AND OTHERS) 
ADDITIONAL EQUITY NEEDED FOR BUDGET 
1,121,438 
5,708,273 
3,791,728 
EQUITY 
TOTAL EQUITY 
EQUITY "A" COMMITTED 
EQUITY "B" NEEDED 
RECOUPMENT/PROFIT 
ASSUME US FIRESALE 
UNBORROWED FOREIGN & TAX PROCEEDS 
TOTAL RECOUPMENT IF NO OVERAGES 
3,791,728 
1,000,000 
2,791,728 
1,081,422 
2,711,470 
3,792,892 
Nicholas Jarecki and Kevin Turen 
DVD alone worth 2mm 
Relatively secure break-even 
EFTA00593587

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593588.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593588.pdf
----------------------------------------
JAREDIAN DESIGN GROUP 
STANDARD TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS 
T he CLIENT cndJAREDIAN DESIGN GROUP, LLC. IJDG) hereb/ 
qgreea fdlows: 
— T he Ccntrcd is thePracsd 
Ageement 
Contact ddarnmt thd is si gned cnd (bed ty JDG md 
theCL IE NT mdtowhich theseStmdzdTerms cnd 
Condfions aeq:pended 
by rei erence Ttis ccntrad tdces 
pecedenos eter my stmdsdocndfica the di mt mo/ 
havein dom 
—The 
CLIENT wees to po/ JOG in amordcnos wi th thepament 
ferms in the Contact. 
—T he totd fes, 
ecapt stated lumpsum, shdl be 
understcod 
to be m estimde baad upcn Sccpe Of 
Services. md shdl not be mosedsd by maethm 
ten (10) percent. without written agovd of the 
CLIENT. W here the fee armgement is to te °n cn 
haidy beis, therdes 
shdl be Øe thd prenil cl 
the ti me setvi ces aa omduwt 
Invcioss will be submitted 
mcnthly a upcn canpletion of a spedfied sage, 
whicherer is shater, fa services cndreimburscile 
expenses md ae de when re:ei ved I nvd ce 
s shd I 
becazideted PAST DU E if not pidwithin 30 doys 
dter the i nvcice &te cnd JDG 
mo/ , wilhoutwdving 
my ddm right spinst CL I ENT , mdwithart lictility 
whdsoever to the CL I ENT, tutti nde the 
pafammceof theserviat R &Mets shdl be 
rap iredfor °skin pojects or undst certd n 
Ød flans md shdl bede:lied on Ihe find invcice 
A Idepament feewill be chaged d 1.5% fa the 
legd rcte) per mcnth on theuepdd td mat I n the 
event cny pation of cn axount rand ns unpidfo 
Cia ys dter kinine theCL I ENT shdl po/ oost of 
F R OOH F WL R Q 
L QF OX GL QJ 
U HD VR QDE 
()Durf cats. 
— Reimbdrsctiempenses 
aempensedincurreddredly a indredly in 
ocnnedi cn wi ti Me aded such a, bul not 
limited 
to. trcnsportcticn, meris, lodging for had, lang 
dstmcetelephonecdls mdfasirriletrcnsmissions, 
aallicht ddivcries, ccurier services, apipment 
rentd, photograte ad video supplics. tesfing 
Icbadory services, gewit md otter bars 
efess 
professiond services. sdes taes, rod the cost of 
reproducfi ons beyond these nor md I y rap' red fa 
coordnfficn rod i nf amcfficn pisposes. T hese 
expenses will be filledd ()ost plus ascrvicechcrge 
of fillem jl SI percent. 
—T he CL I ENT ager to furnish JDG wi th the 
right -of -entry on Me project si tea repesents mdwarcnts, 
if thesiteis not owned by the CL IE NT , thd pstmissim ha 
been gmted to mdce si te recancissmce surveys, 
baings,mdofterecpladionpursumt 
to te Scope Of 
Services in te Ccntrad. 
JDG will tcke reaond3I e gedut Cf6 to ni ni mi ze dancge 
to he I md from used apipment, but ha not induded in 
he fee the cost fa restordion d dancge hot mo/ resdt 
I URP:: - ' • • V ::RS HUDWL R1411fdedIrX Q. H 
Contact. 
— U nl ess othenvise aselect the 
CL I ENT shdl provideJDG wit Iccdicns of buriedufiliies md 
afhel undstgound strudurcs in aea of subsurfaos 
explacfion. JDG will tdcereacncbleprecculions toom 
ckrncge to Me buried utilities cndothet 
underground 
struchres noted. I f lo
a ae not knavn, aeinaccurctet 
cmnot be anfinnedby theCL I ENT , then Meewil' beo 
dsgee of risk to the CL I E NT ascci °led wi th ccncbcing 
esplacfion. I n Mie() 
bsmosof cadirmedundergcund 
struchrelocctions, Me CL IE NT wees to ccapt te risk cf 
my damcges cndlosses resulling frcm thaecpadimwak. 
id 
— All reperts, design dravings md 
s bed fi ccti ons, tidd dia md notes. Ictaday test dia 
ociculdah. =poter files, estimdes, cndothet 
dcoiments Pct JOG preperes a instruments of scrviceshdl 
UHPDL Q - ' • • V 
S URS HUW\ 
KsH Ed, 
seniors aeon tehdf d cnd f a theexdusiveuse of the 
dient md thd dl repsts ad otter cbarnents f urni shed to 
theCL IE NT a its ccents shdl beufilized scidy fa his projed. 
—T heSccpeOf Servioss for this 
Contact doe 
s not i nd uds servioss rel& n 
g to hcardus 
mderids. os defined by fedad, stdecnd/a lood lavs 
reguldicns. JOG is not i ns ured fa services relded to the 
ident ficdm, oontci munt a removd of cstestos or 
hazacbus wateindudng pdlutmt 
s, na will we cssurne 
cny lictility fa arricges or cosh relded to these mdetids. 
. I . • VXF K : : P D WH UL 
Ov . . D LI 
::GlyhteE 
HUHG G
CLIENT wees to negoli de ~cpn de revi sias to the 
S ccpe Of Savi os, thebudge 
tesfimde, cnd 'he tams 
nd 
oondfion 5 of theConkcd. W hen such hozadous mdaids 
cresuspectect JDGwill boette Olm to stcpser 
vioss 
unfi I a new agreement is recched fl a mulud I y sctisfcctay 
cgeernent cand be recched between bdh prfiss, the 
Cadrat shdl bete 
minded T he CL IE NT arms topoi 
JDG fa dl services rendsed indudng my oost 
s asodded 
OH : MtWffilárbfiCrkl khkfonneetf010Mdrteseilaitility lor dl 
contcminated mdaids. hazadous maleids, md 
hazacbus substaga genacted rdeaed 
uncov eed, 
WU D QV S R U WH G. 
DOG.: R U 
F R OOH F WH 
GX U L 
Ccntrator wak tak 
s rotered to herei n will not tewi th 
JDG. 
—T heCL1ENT recoakizes thd 
reed ni ng JDG to perform mrstuctim phaecngineering 
savices such a th 
e reviegv of shop dcwings cndrsodict 
md ful I -fi me oonstrudi cn cbsenctim services. is 
anormd rod integd pat of engneetingservioss fa the 
pojed,mdthd reld ni ng JDG for these sen' ces an 
povi de lor the CL I E NT a geder dsgee 
of oonfidencethat 
theccmpleted wak of theContrada will oonf am 
generd I y to the Contact Documents, thd Ihe i ntegi ty d 
Mie61191 oonced a reflected in he Ccntrat Documents 
ha been implementedcrd peserved by theCcntrator, 
cnd to mininize 
problems dring ccastruction. 
T heCL IE NT 
dsorecogize 
thd noentily is a frnilia witti theContrcct 
Documents md their intent a JOG. Therefcre, the CL IE NT is 
urged to retd n JOG topaide oonstrucficn phae 
engneeting services. 
. I 
- bodstrodlon ctservfficn services aeinduded a 
pat of theSccpe Of Services in theContrcd. JOG will 
vvovs HFLI
rovi de mrsomed to cbserveoonstrudicn to darts' n Pct 
gi 5 oe. ngperfonned in generd, in cocactncewith the 
ms ad spedfiCdi0(6. 
liPage 
EFTA00593588
--- PAGE 2 ---
JAREDIAN DESIGN GROUP 
STANDARD TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS 
It is understood 1,1d, in ozcad:ncewith genercily 
cccepedanstruction patios, the 
cmtrocta and my 
subcontradas will be sddy cnd (MO eley resod-eltiefa 
dl =stud ai ad vi fie. waking and fiat on Meidosite 
indudngsdely of dip 
esons and properly eking the 
pedamcnceof thewak, ocmplimcewith OSHA 
reguldions, and qudity of thewak. Any matitaingd the 
F RQWUDF WRU • V 
S HUI RUPDQF H. FRQGXFWHGsE 
not intended to ind ode review of the dewy of the 
ocarcdo U • V::VDI HW\:IPHDVXUHV_:LIL QpROODRU: 
site. 
It is further understood thd f idd services provided by JDG 
personnel will not reieretheantrada mdcny 
subcontradas of respcnsiti lilies for performing thewak in 
cocackncewith calico 
tie IONS md regul dims and in 
cocaancewith theContrcd Documents. 
StaidtheCLIENT not meartemcgeement with JDG to 
povidsoonstrudion phaeengnecring services, then the 
CLIENT ogees to i ndenni fy cnd ha d JD G hamless acing 
cny ddms, I ictility cnd responsi tili ty fa O:instruction 
pod ems a leaden aisingdter ccostrudi on is compete 
DWWUL E X WH G WR 
F ROVWUXF WL R Q:DQG0WK HO 
pedamcnce ad fd I ure of the antrada to follow the 
rimier intent and construct thepie:fin ax 
orancewith 
theContrcd Doanents. 
• • VDVHUYLF HU -7 Z LOO EH 
ozcaancewith gerierdly °aped palms of 
pdessiond enginees povidng simile services al thesane 
time in the satelccde md under like ci rcumstmce 
s. The 
CLIENT ogees thd services provide:Iwill be rendered 
without my other warmly, sassed or implied 
harass MG from my ddm or lidiliy resulting from 
suspension of services die to 
F OL HrefAbista poyments. 
-T he CL I E NT shdl defend, indemnify, 
and hd d horn' as JDG and d I of its personnel from aid 
minst cry cnddl ddms. d:mcgss, losses and ecpenses 
(indudng reaoncbledfaneys fees) mdansequentid 
ttmcget disInficlittlf*ReetartgeornItiftefamalcecof 
the set vices, provided Ito, my such ddms, d:mcges, 
alisDckleXptiKelicreecadifMNIgilid ik/poRblitthe 
nej i gent cd a omission md/a strid lictility of the CL I ENT 
cryonedredly a indredly empoyed by the CL IE NT 
(except JDG) a myone fa whosea 
ch my d than may 
belictie. 
- On o:cai on, JDG enema the 
spe0dizedservi
 of indvidud consulfmts a She 
compmies b paticipolein aprojed. When considered 
necesscry, Muse firms a other consultonts will be used. T h 
cost of other consul fonts will betilled d cost pus O1 
5% 
cdtinistrction doge. 
—1 t is understood inch unless expressly impied. 
&IdadedIbillufrIfficitn'th% Agaement do not ind ude the 
cost of protasiond servioss provided for cry 
leg:I action a 
suit. Fes fa court pepordi at depositions, parid 
confcrenosmd in court non 
-testimony I mewill be tilledd 
Iwo (2) times the norrnd tilling rde. Fes fa in 
-court 
S H tfleithlkigthilltreetitad three (3) times the normd tilling 
rule 
—JDGmdntdns 
: R UNHU • V.p&RPS HQVDWL RQ 
Insurcnos . JDG will furnish cedifiocion upon written 
reqlest. T he CL I ENT ogees thd.IDGw 
ill not telldieor 
responsitietotheCL I ENT fa my loss. &maga a nobility 
beyond the mounts, limits, exclusions, cnd cond tiros d 
such insurmca 
-TheCLIENT 
and required likelirritam 
Iran my construction 
antrcda a suboontrcdor who pert cans wok for which 
JDG ha provided repah. riCf1S, and sped fi col alines) 
cmcunt of $50.000 a JDG 
• V 
Withers* is smdle. 
— T his off eement mo/ be 
terminded upon ten (ID) dogs written notice by either arty 
should theolter fa 
it to pet am his odigdions hereunder. 
T he CLIENT shdl rendn fully lithe for mdshdl promptly poi 
JDG the f ull avant for dl servioss rendred b 
y JDG up to 
Wedded suspension of services plus suspension chcrges. 
Suspension chages shdl indudsthecost of putting 
cbcuments cndcndyses in mar. calomel aid 
equipment reschedd i ng or reasignment atiustments. aid 
dl other raided and chag 
es dredly dki butcti e to 
suspension. 
If payment d irwcices by theCL I ENT is not mdnkined on a 
thirty [30] do/ current bog's, JDG 
mai , by providng a ten 
(10) 62/ written notice to theCLIE NT, suspend further 
services until payments ae restored b a current bais. I n 
theevent JDG engcms coked to entaos overlie 
pcyrnents, theCLIENT shdl reirnburseJDG for dl reacndle 
D WWR U Qptl and Claud costs raided to enlacement of 
overcbepo/ments. The CLIENT shdl indemnify cnd sore 
2IPage 
— U nless otherwisespedlied this 
Agreement shdl begovernedty thelays d the pincipd 
posed business of JDG. 
— 
' • • V 
opinion of pciocbleconstructi on costs, if rendered a a 
serviceunde r Mls Ageencnt. is toted on asumed lobar 
cosh mdaproximdequatifies of mdeid and 
equipment. aid therdore is d a condtiond cheater. 
JDG co-not giamtee the cat of wok tobeperformed by 
others since makef a tiding ooncilions cm cho 
nged 
my limeaidMenges in the scope a cud' ly d the Prcjed 
mo/ died esti mdes. 
- Shouldcnyonea =red the terms at 
cond lions skied teen be deemed uncnf orcectie or 
invdid, tither in whdeor in pat, ty judgment a court 
ade thd shdl not 
of fed the remci ni ng terms ad 
condfions a pats thereof and they shdl rendn full face 
aid el fed. 
e 
-If in this Agreement , specific periods d timefor 
rendering services ae set forth a spedtic dots by which 
se vices de tobecompleteddeprovidadmdifsuch 
period d ti m ea dotes crechaged through no faith 
JDG, therds aid amounts d compensation prodded for 
herein shdl besutied to eat Idle caustment. If CL I ENT 
ha requested chmens in the scope ode 
nt, a diaale 
WKH 
UR MHF W 
WKH .WL P MDR I DS HUI R UP DC
bealustedeopitody. 
Jaedm Design Group L L C, amot te hdd respcosi tie for 
Mors in rendering services caned by issues beyond Jaelcn 
' HVLJC) •URXS • V 
F RQWUR OE 
EFTA00593589

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593590.pdf
----------------------------------------
F.O.2-21 APPROWD BY 
COMM. OF PROP. & PROC. 
GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
OFFICIAL 
CASHIER RECEIPT NO. 2853381 
I 
ND 
STT 
TX O STJ O 
COLL NUMBER 
25D
-3
GATE 
LOCATION: 
PROP. PRO O ADMIN OFF 
O EGA O PNR 
PS O 
HEALTH O HOUSING O LIC OTERR. COURT O PWO O 
LT GOV O SBDA O TREAS O SPEC. FAC. g..,•EMP SEC. 
OTHE 
O  
/ 
AEC 
CASH O 
DOLLARS 
OL 
T 
SI 
ATUR 
PURPOSE OF PAYMENT 
• 
s_50•Cd 
knOt. 
V 
' 
FUND OR ACCOUNT DESCRIPTION 
TITLE 
CODE 
LL ORG 
ACCT 
TASK 
OPT 
COST CENTER 
Cgi3i) 
4457
4.14 
(OP 
EFTA00593590

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593591.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593591.pdf
----------------------------------------
FUJITA 
NJ 07670 
EXPERIENCE 
NOMURA SECURITIES INTERNATIONAL 
New York, NY 
Vice President. Systematic Trading (High Frequency Trading) 
4/2011-2/2013 
• 
Produced steady P&L (Sharpe Ratio of 5.0 in 2012) with intraday proprietary trading strategies in US equity 
• 
Implemented trading strategies in C++ under low latency, multi-thread trading system 
• 
Conducted back tests to develop/enhance new and existing strategies by analyzing tick level data 
• 
Cooperated with technologists to reduce order latency in trading system co-located at Nasdaq and NYSE 
• 
Ran and improved daily operations, including P&L calculations, reconciliation, and code deployment 
NOMURA SECURITIES INTERNATIONAL 
Associate. Quantitative Analytics 
• 
Created algorithm trading strategies targeting opening/closing prices in US equity 
• 
Developed US dark pool strategy with real time analysis on fills from 20+ dark pools 
• 
Researched price anomalies caused by order imbalance at opening/closing auctions 
New York, NY 
4/2009-3/2011 
LEHMAN BROTHERS 
New York, NY 
Capital Markets Summer Associate (Quantitative Trading and Analytics) 
Tokyo, Japan 
• 
Researched dynamic weighting scheme for proprietary quantitative factor models 
6/2008-9/2008 
• 
Enhanced algorithm trading strategies by adding VWAP intraday profile and With Volume feature 
DAIWA ASSET MANAGEMENT (One of the top 3 investment management firms in Japan) 
Tokyo, Japan 
Deputy Manager. Quantitative Research 
2/2002-6/2006 
• 
Modeled proprietary investment strategies, including global asset allocation, US Treasury and Japanese 
government bond models 
• 
Created relative value strategies in fixed income and currencies for alternative investment fund 
DAIWA ASSET MANAGEMENT (AMERICA) 
New York, NY 
Deputy Manager & Quantitative Analyst. Quantitative Research 
7/1999-2/2002 
• 
Modified global stock models by identifying forecast factors; estimated yield curves for Japanese government 
bonds; assessed accuracy of sell-side analyst earnings forecasts in the Japanese stock market 
• 
Summarized, presented and discussed research results with consultants (finance professors) hired by Daiwa 
DAIWA ASSET MANAGEMENT 
Quantitative Analyst 
• 
Improved Japanese stock investment models with regression analysis 
EDUCATION 
Tokyo, Japan 
4/1998- 7/1999 
THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO, BOOTH SCHOOL OF BUSINESS 
Chicago, IL 
Master of Business Administration 
9/2007-3/2009 
• 
Graduated with Honors 
• 
Concentrations: Econometrics and Statistics, Analytic Finance and Economics 
THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO 
Chicago, IL 
Master of Science in Financial Mathematics 
9/2006-8/2007 
• 
GPA: 3.9/4.0 
UNIVERSITY OF TSUKUBA 
Tsukuba, Japan 
Master of Arts in Management Science 
4/1996-3/1998 
Bachelor of Policy & Planning Sciences 
4/1992-3/1996 
• 
Published "Modeling the Profiles of Japanese Independent Voters in Early 1996," Behaviormetrika, 1998 
ADDITIONAL 
• 
Proficient in C++/Linux, Python and VBA; familiar with Matlab, Bloomberg API, SQL and R 
• 
Passed all three level exams of Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) 
• 
Eligible to work in the US (Green Card holder) 
EFTA00593591

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593592.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593592.pdf
----------------------------------------
ESTIMATE - 57644K5 
11/26/2012 
TO: 
StK Designs 
New York, NY 10065 
Tel: 
Attention: 
SHIP : 
Epstein Residence 
New York, N Y 
Tel: 
Project Area Rug 
To supply die following area rug spread over non-skid pad to fit 
Quality: Denver, 100% cotton, made in Brazil 
Colon White with 4' Black border 
Size: 15' X 17' 
5f M: SUO Epstein/ Area Rug 
Discount of 75% Applied: 
To order, kindly sign and return with 50% deposit 
FOB additional. 
Ne N
SACCO 
20.400.00 
-15,300.00 
Net Total: 
;20,400.00 
Deposit Rec.: 
5.15,300.00 
Freight 
5250.00 
Sales lax (0.0000%) : 
Amount Due: 
$5,350.00 
TERRIS ARE NET CASH BEFORE SNIPPING OF MERCHANDISE F.O.B AND All PREVAIUNG TAXES ARE ADOMONAL 
otherwise there will oe an addidonai charge. Custom 0 rdeis are not subject la cancehaton. 
Customer Signature 
Date 
Kim Steube 
SACCO CARPET. INC. 
In 
(Fl 
NEW YORK, NY 10012 
EFTA00593592

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593593.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593593.pdf
----------------------------------------
ESTIMATE - S7644KS 
11/26/2012 
TO: 
SHIP : 
SIX Designs 
Epstein Residence 
Ncw York. NY 
Ncw York. NY 10065 
Tel: 
Attention: 
Tel: 
Project: Area Rug 
To supply the following area rug spread over nonskid pad to IR: 
Quality: Denver. 100% cotton, made in Brazil 
Color: White with 4" Black border 
Size: 15' X 17' 
S/M: SIX/Epstein/Arca Rug 
Discount of 755E Applied: 
To order, kindly sign and return with 50% deposit. 
FOB additional. 
Ne N
SACCO 
20.400.00 
15.300.00 
Net Total: 
$20,400.00 
Deposit Rec.: 
Sr 15.300.00 
Freight: 
$250.00 
Sales Tax (0.0000%) : 
Amount Due: 
$5,350.00 
SDKS AIR NET CASH BEFORE SHIPPING OF MERCHANDISE. LOS AND AIL PERVADING TAXES ARE 
This contract 'bat cons:nun the enure agreeinen, between the parties helve. Cohn maid] s. sample sub:pined. fabric...non 
and lead wine not suabuneed. Sire ate approxiinale. All doors ale to be leads to ICCCIVC ins:alai:on N ntrwhanded 
otherwise there will be an addinonal chaise. Custom (Men ate 
its can:ell:wow. 
Customer Signature 
Date 
Kin, Stenhe 
SACCO CARPEL AV. 
NEW YORK. NY MOM 
GI 
(El 
EFTA00593593

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593594.pdf
----------------------------------------
ESTIMATE - S7644KS 
11/26/2012 
TO: 
SHIP : 
SIX Des 
s 
Epstein Residence 
Ncw York. NY 
New York. NY 10065 
Tel: 
Attention: 
Tel 
Project: Area Rug 
To supply the following area rug spread over nonskid pad to lit 
Quality: Denver. 100% cotton, made in Brazil 
Color: White with 4" Black border 
Size: 15' X 17' 
S/M: SIX/Epstein/Arca Rug 
Discount of 755E Applied: 
To order, kindly sign and return with 50% deposit. 
FOB additional. 
Ne N
SACCO 
20.400.00 
15300.00 
Net Total: 
$20,400.00 
Deposit Rec.: 
515.300.00 
Freight: 
$250.00 
Sales Tax 10.0000%) : 
Amount Due: 
$5,350.00 
Sib LS ARE NET CASH BEFORE SHIPPING OF MERCHANDISE. F.0.8 AND AIL PREVALNG TAXES ARE 
This mini:am dust constitute the emor agreement between the parties belch,. Cohn match to sample sub:blued. lainanon 
and lead taw not sumanwed. Sire ate approximate. All doors ale to be teat to ICCCIVC moat:mon N inewhandise 
otherwise them will be an additional chaise. Custom Owlets ate ma subject to cars:ell:mon. 
Customer Signature 
Date 
Kin, Sttglhe 
SACCO CARPET. At'. 
pl 
IF' 
NEW YORK. NY lain 
WWW.SACCOCARPET.COM 
EFTA00593594

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593595.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593595.pdf
----------------------------------------
ti WEST PALM BEACH OFFICE: 
WEST PALM BEACH. FLORIDA 3340? 
a1
Spanleh 
ATTORNEYS Al LAN' 
ROSALYN SIA BAXERSARNES 
'F.GREGORY BARNHART 
i. HARDEE BASS. II 
LALRIE J BMOCS 
BRIAN R. DENNEY 
BRENDA S. FULMER 
I/ARANO GARCIA 
JAMES VA GUSTAFSON. JR. 
.SO( P. HILL 
DAVID K. KELLEY, JR 
CAMERON PA KENNEDY 
vouwa BRING 
DARRYL L.UMW 
-MALIAN & NORM 
ROWER E MALMO 
COW/440v PICA 
•JOHN &CAROL?, 
'CHRISTIAN 0. SEARCY 
•JOItti A. SIOPLEY PI 
CIONSTOMIER IL SPEW a
BRIAN P SAILUYNN 2C
KAREN E. TERRY 
DONA:11J WARD le 
-C. CALVIN WARRINER 
, COWS, 
L DENNEY. JO 
SILAREI101.01FIS 
•00M0 CERTIPIED 
AI SO ACRITTED 
'KENTUCKY 
RASE 
MAFMAND 
WASSACHUSETIS 
IASS3SIPPI 
NEW NAXIPSKRE 
'NEW JERSEY 
VIPGNA 
WASMAVOTON 0C 
PARALEGALS 
YNIAN AYAN,TLJEDA 
RAND1 PA DUFRESNE 
EAVIOY/ GUAORE 
C HOARDS 
DLDORAH M. KNAPP 
yiNDENT L. LEONARDJR. 
4AI.*S PETER LOVE 
'Com, W PITO*R 
NARK P PONCY 
KA-KEEN SMON 
STEVE IA SiArTN 
BORNE S STARS 
WALTER A. STEIN 
SEARCY 
DENNEY 
SCAROLA 
BARNHART 
et-SHIPLEYp. 
VIA EMAIL and U.S. MAIL 
August 09, 2012 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
Law Offices of Tonja Haddad. P.A. 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Re: 
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Our File No.: 291874 
Dear Ms. Haddad-Coleman: 
CIA, I AHASSFF OFFICE. 
TALLAHASSEE, El 32301 1231 
It has just been brought to my attention that our prior Paragraph 13 production and 
privilege log were limited to electronically stored email communications. Neither the 
production nor the privilege log included the non-electronic communications between 
Bradley Edwards and agents of the federal government. However, those letters and 
pleadings have all previously been provided to Mr. Epstein and his counsel through 
public filings in the Crime Victims' Rights Act proceedings in federal court. In that 
they remain equally accessible to you now, it is not our intention to separately produce 
these documents. 
Sincerely, 
6.4 
J CK SCAROLA 
3S/mep 
cc: 
Bradley L Edwards, Esquire 
I.
WVAV.SEARCYLAW.COM 
EFTA00593595

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593596.pdf
----------------------------------------
COMMODITY: 
SHAPE AND CUTTING STYLE: 
MEASUREMENTS: 
CARAT WEIGHT: 
ORIGIN: 
GRADE: 
DISTRIBUTION: 
CLARITY GRADE: 
POLISH: 
SYMMETRY: 
FLUORESCENCE: 
COMMENTS: 
QUANTITY: 
INSPECTION & DELIVERY: 
PRICE: 
PAYMENT TERMS: 
PHOTOS: 
GIA REPORT: 
HISTORY OF THE STONE: 
VERY 
LIGHT 
PINK 
INTERNALLY 
FLAWLESS 
EMERALD CUT DIAMOND 
EMERALD CUT 
24.11 x 16.4 x 13.86 mm 
50.66 CARATS 
NATURAL. 
VERY LIGHT 
NOT APPLICABLE 
INTERNALLY FLAWLESS 
VERY GOOD 
VERY GOOD 
NONE 
MINOR DETAILS OF POLISH NOT SHOWN. 
ONE STONE 
GENEVA, SWITZERLAND 
18.000,000.00 USD 
CASH THRU SWIFT TRANSFER 
AS PER ANNEX A 
AS PER ANNEX B 
EXQUISITE EMERALD SHAPE 50.66 CARAT DIAMOND FOUND IN 1997 IN A TOWN 
CALLED BANDANKORO IN THE PROVINCE OF HAUTE GUINEA (REPUBLIC OF 
GUINEA), 700 KM AWAY FROM THE CAPITAL CITY, CONAKRY. 
THE PLACE IS VERY WELL KNOWN FOR ITS DEPOSITS OF RARE DIAMONDS. 
THE STONE WAS FOUND, AT FIRST, BY A SMALL GROUP OF MINERS. 
IT WEIGHTED AN AMAZING 103 CARAT WHEN DISCOVERED. THE STONE HAD 
PINK COLOUR. 
IT WAS EXPORTED LEGALLY INTO EUROPE, WERE IT WAS CUT AND POLISHED 
BY A WELL KNOWN MASTER CUTTER WHOSE IDENTITY CANNOT BE DISCLOSED. 
CERTIFIED BY GIA - VERY LIGHT PINK STONE CUT AS AN EMERALD. 
THE DIAMOND IS NOW IN GENEVA IN A SECURED LOCATION. 
EFTA00593596
--- PAGE 2 ---
ANNEX A 
50.66 CARAT VERY LIGHT PINK INTRENALLY FLAWLESS EMERALD 
CUT DIAMOND 
BEFORE LIGHT 
EFTA00593597
--- PAGE 3 ---
AFTER LIGHT 
ANNEX B 
EFTA00593598
--- PAGE 4 ---
GIA CERTIFICATE 
EFTA00593599
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00593600
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00593601

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593602.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593602.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ Employees, LLC 
Mailing Address 
General contact information Tel: 
E-mail: 
Accounts payable department contact information 
St. Thomas. VI 00802-1348 
Fax: 
Name: 
Date of Request 
Vacation / Leave Form 
Thomas J Melnick 
5/11/12 
Dates of Requested: 
Date of First Day of Vacation: 
Total Number of Days: 
Leave Days: 16 
June 8th 2012 
Weekend Days: 8 
Holidays: 
Date Return to Work: 
Personal / Sick: 
Type of Leave: 
Vacation with Pay 
C' Leave without pay 
r 
Personal Sick Leave 
r 
Other 
If Other Explain: 
July 2nd 2012 
Days Remaing: 0 days 
List of all contact information: 
Phone: 
Cell: 
Email: 
The following must be verified with Estate Manager 
1. The number of vacation days you have taken. 
2. The number employee in your division / department that are leave at the same time 
Approved: 
EFTA00593602

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593603.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593603.pdf
----------------------------------------
Application to Female Economist of the Year (FEOY) 20l4. 
PilIPPIPIPI O•nr 
Marielle Bor Worn 
113 50 Stockholm 
Mobile: 
Email: 
Stockholm, 10th of April, 2014 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
I have the drive, passion and comprehension to quickly step in 
and make a difference and I believe that these qualities make me 
the right candidate as the FEOY 2014. 
When I take an interest in something or receive a challenge I 
perform at 110 % and my dance career shows proof of that, the 
passion for the sport took me to elite level both nationally and 
internationally. I am a contestant and force myself to succeed which requires imagination and patience. I strive to 
climb the career ladder, taking on a leadership role and want to inspire and motivate not only a younger female 
generation, but everyone. In 2008, I and seven other dancers produced a dance show to stop the youth violence, 
make a statement and inspire people to reach their dreams and goals. no matter what. It is never too late to 
change, and there is help getting back on the right track. Through the show, as well as being a dance teacher and 
an elite dancer, I became a role model especially for younger women. I believe in supporting people in my 
surroundings and have taken great pride and gratefulness in having the ability to help and impact younger 
women's lives in going after their dreams. This is something I hope to be able to take to another level and 
continue my work through the award FEOY 2014 and being part of Barbro's Best and Brightest (BBB). 
I want to have a fulfilling and challenging life both professionally and personally. and make a difference. Even 
though Sweden is one of the better countries when it comes to equality, we sure do have a long way to go and 
many issues to deal with in order to improve, where the glass ceiling is one important issue. It is known that men 
as a group have more power and larger income than women. At the same time, men are overrepresented in 
prisons and among homeless, and have lower life expectancy. According to Niklas Jarvklo, researcher in gender, 
this can be explained by the fact that certain men pay the price for other men's power. His opinion made me 
wonder; does becoming powerful and climbing the career ladder necessarily has to be at the expense of someone 
else's fortune? How can women excel to the top, without letting other women pay the price for others' 
successes? Or should we let the men pay? Neither are sustainable solutions, for the society as a whole, or for 
women. We women are more compassionate, and although women are recommended to become more 
aggressive in their leadership role in order to compete with men, I believe in using what differentiate us instead. 
Women are perhaps more willing to help, not only each other, but men as well, instead of climbing of each other. 
It is not all about making your way, but also about supporting others, no matter gender. 
Once a former boss told me; "Use everything you got". Men do it, women must be better at it. We need to dare 
more, and women are more afraid of failing than men. Studies have shown that women fear competitions more 
than men, giving the indication of women fearing failures. Customs, boundaries and barriers sure are in women's 
way, but perhaps there is a loophole here where we women can stand out and we need to take advantage of that. 
Being awarded as the FEOY 2014 would enable me to inspire women to dare more, set high goals and even 
embrace failures; life isn't fun without a little struggle! I am not afraid of using what I got and have thick skin, 
and combined with the talents I can contribute to BBB, I look forward to a long collaboration to change the 
business world. 
I aim to work for a company that has growth potential, is profitable, global and most importantly entrepreneurial, 
which Spotify possesses. Spotify is to me very impressive and a great inspirational source, driving force and the 
will of fighting for what you believe in is something we have in common. I have an interest in making business 
and I enjoy being part of real solutions with bottom line impact where I can contribute with team-oriented, 
client-focused, analytical and quantitative skills. Adaptability and being able to quickly digest a steep learning 
curve are necessities I possess, which I have shown in past positions at Deloitte and Atlas Copco internationally. 
I would like to be a part of the on-going development at Spotify and with my dedication show you that I can 
make a difference. If Spotify and BBB appreciates independence and creativity I guarantee you that I am the 
right candidate who will provide the company and the network with exciting surprises since I am a woman with 
many talents. 
I hope I have attracted your attention and I look fonvard to a personal meeting where I can tell you more about 
myself and my qualifications. 
Yours sincerely 
//Marielle Borgstrom 
EFTA00593603
--- PAGE 2 ---
Curriculum Vitae 
Marielle Borgstrdm 
113 50 Stockholm 
Sweden 
EDUCATION 
Mobile: 
E-mail: 
Date of birth: 
Iacocca Institute, Lehigh University (upcoming experience) 
Bethlehem, PA, U.S. 
Global Village for Future Leaders Of Business and Industry (five-week leadership training) 
06/2014-08/2014 
- Awarded an Iacocca partial-tuition scholarship 
Stockholm School of Economics (SSE) 
Stockholm, Sweden 
M.Sc. Accounting & Financial Management. 120 ECTS. Expected graduation 06/2014. 
08/2012 — on-going 
B.Sc. Finance and Accounting & Financial Management 180 ECTS, CPA 3.80 (10). 
0812009 — 06/2012 
- Extracurricular activities: Business English (7,5 ECTS), the Student Association; 
Representative for the Business Committee (responsible for hosting business' lunch and dinner 
presentations), Room Manager at Nobel NightCap (the official party following the Nobel 
Banquet) including budgeting, corporate relations and sponsorships, and -Smittingforalder" 
(introduction for 300 new students at SSE) 
McCombs School of Business, The University of Texas (exchange studies) 
Austin, TX, U.S. 
MBA. Entrepreneurship, Finance and Management. 30 ECTS. CPA 3.13(4.0). 
08/2013 — 12/2013 
- Extracurricular activities: Member of Graduate Women in Business (GWiB), MBA Project; 
Business Plan proposal for the start-up company Moth to Flame (film production company), 
Fundraising for Make-A-Wish Foundation (raised in total S136 065) 
Secondary School Wargentinsskolan (Jamtlands Gymnasium) 
Ostersund, Sweden 
Focus of studies: Social Science (international), all classes in English. CPA 19.8 (20.0). 
08/2005 - 06/2008 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Atlas Copco, Master Thesis Project (-40 hAveek) 
- Business target: establish a method for tracking and reporting good and poor working capital 
management among Atlas Copco's subsidiaries and quantify the economic benefits of the 
potentially improved working capital management 
Atlas Copco, Consultant (pan-time -10 Jacek) 
- Responsibilities: lead and execute different ad hoc projects. Examples of projects: (I) execute 
bank surveys, compile results and present to top management and core banks, (2) collect 
information regarding R&D among Atlas Copco's four different business areas; quantitative 
data, strategies and main objectives. 
Atlas Copco, International Internship Program: Project Manager (-40 h/week) 
- Responsibilities: investigate how the FX trade processes for each subsidiary in South America 
look like and suggest viable solutions for improvements in each subsidiary that ensure lower 
transaction costs and competitive prices when exchanging currencies. Before starting the 
project I received training in project management. 
- Results: Price and transaction cost reduction with 0.25 % of the trading volume 
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Transfer Pricing Group (part-time -8-16 hAveek) 
- Responsibilities: devising and performing industry research and financial analysis of 
companies, communicating with clients to obtain factual and financial data, as well as drafting 
reports in support of findings. Additional responsibilities include assisting with client 
marketing efforts and maintaining project files. 
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Accounting assistant (-45 hAveek) 
- Responsibilities: current record of accounting, process accounts payables, verify payment to 
accounts receivables submission, prepare account reconciliations, journal entries, annual 
accounts and tax returns, and contact with the clients 
- Results: job offer for summer 2012 and 2013 
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Audit intern (-50 h/week) 
- Responsibilities: scrutinize clients' financial reporting, identify company risks through overall 
risk- and financial analysis, analyse internal controls and processes 
- Results: offered a full-time position after the assessment day 
Swedbank, Bank Sales Advisor (full-time -40 hAveek, part-time -9 hAveek) 
- Responsibilities: meet customers' needs within private banking 
- Results: outperformed sales target with 50 % 
ICA Kvantum (grocery store), Cashier (fidl-time -45 hAveek, pan-time -10 hAveek) 
- Responsibilities: cashier and unpack groceries 
- Results: manage the accounting, ordering of tobacco etc. Offered full-time after summer job. 
Kappahl (clothes chain), Sales Advisor (pan-time -7 hAveek) 
- Responsibilities: actively work with sales and help the customers 
Dawes Dansinstitut (dance school), Dance teacher (pan-time -8 h/week) 
- Responsibilities: teach children in different ages in dance (street and disco) 
- Results: promotion in level of class; responsible for advanced dancers/coaching contestants 
Stockholm, Sweden 
01/2014 - on-going 
Stockholm, Sweden 
01/2014 - on-going 
Santiago, Chile 
06/2013 - 08/2013 
Stockholm, Sweden 
09/2012 - 06/2013 
Ostersund, Sweden 
06/2011 - 08/2012 
Stockholm, Sweden 
12/2011 - 02/2012 
Ostersund/Stockholm, 
Sweden 
06/2010 - 06/2012 
Ostersund, Sweden 
05/2007 - 08/2010 
Ostersund, Sweden 
09/2008 - 08/2009 
Ostersund, Sweden 
09/2005 - 06/2008 
EFTA00593604
--- PAGE 3 ---
Curriculum Vitae 
Marielle Borgstrum 
113 50 Stockholm 
Sweden 
OTHER MERITS 
Mobile: 
E-mail: 
Date of bin 
Deloitte International Student Business Forum (leadership and career development event) 
Athens, Greece 
ISBF is a unique leadership and career development forum for top talented students from 
03/2011 — 03/2011 
around the world. Students from around 20 countries are selected to attend the four day event 
hosted by Deloitte and the world leading Institute of Management Development (IMD). 
- Responsibilities: work in cross-cultural teams to solve a complex business case 
Dancer at elite level in disco 
Worldwide 
Participated in National, European and World Championships 
08/2000 - 06/2008 
Kornelicious OF (Ung Fdretagsamhet), Co-founder 
Ostersund, Sweden 
I and three more people started a company producing and selling socks. 
09/2007 — 05/2008 
Results: awarded - Best Handcraft" and - Best Show-case". 
UNCUT 2008, Co-founder and Project Manager 
ostersund, Sweden 
I and seven other dancers produced a dance show (involving 20 dancers at advanced level and 
04/2007 - 04/2008 
many volunteers) to stop the youth violence. It was financed through sponsorship, scholarships 
and sales revenues. 
LANGUAGE & COMPUTER SKILLS 
Swedish (native), English (fluent), German (good), Spanish (basic), MS-Office (daily user), Microsoft Dynamics NAV 
(user), STATA (user), SPSS (basic) 
PERSONAL INTERESTS 
Dance (e.g. International Dance Academy in Los Angeles in Lune 2014 and Balettakademin Stockholm), work out and take 
classes at training facilities (e.g. &yrs), current affairs, travelling (e.g. Barbados -14, Costa Rica -13 and Thailand -09), 
family and friends (e.g. play golf, go skiing, surf, restore and paint furniture). 
References available on request 
EFTA00593605
--- PAGE 4 ---
RIAmapa) 
Letter of recommendation 
To whom it may concern, 
Marielle Borgstrom was, among a very large number of candidates, selected as the sole 
participant in Atlas Copco's International Internship Program 2013. Her project task was to 
map how Atlas Copco's subsidiaries in South America exchange currencies, evaluate 
alternative processes, and, where it made sense, recommend improvements. She was based 
with our Chilean subsidiary in Santiago and I was her project manager. 
This project required a person with strong interpersonal skills as there was a need to interact 
with a large number of internal as well as external people. An analytical mind and ability to 
critically review and draw conclusions was also essential. 
Marielle proved to possess these attributes and the project was completed successfully and 
will lead to significant cost savings. Her ability to, despite her young age, very quickly 
establish cooperative relations with people she had had no previous contact with 
demonstrates a large leadership potential. The fact that she performed so well while being 
coached long-distance from Sweden evidences self-confidence, maturity and an 
entrepreneurial mindset. 
Her background of having grown up in a small town, studied in Stockholm, and accumulated 
international experiences may explain why she stands with both feet on the ground and 
interacts very well with people with different experiences and cultures. 
Marielle has an exciting potential and I look forward to her growing into larger leadership 
positions continuing to inspire people around her. I am certain that she would be an 
appreciated contributor to the network Barbro's Best and Brightest and a great asset for 
Spotify. 
I wish her the best of luck. 
Stockholm, March 24, 2014 
Ken Lagerborg 
Group Treasurer
E-mail 
Atlas Copco Group Center 
Atlas Copco AB 
SE-105 23 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Visitors address: 
Nacka 
Telephone: 
A Public Company (publ) 
Telefax: 
Reg. No: 556014-2720 
Reg. Office Nadca 
EFTA00593606
--- PAGE 5 ---
Deloitte 
Letter of Recommendation 
Date: 04-08-2014 
Candidate: Miss Marielle Borgstrom 
Woke) AS 
Tel: 
Fax 
www.deloltiesse 
Marielle Borgstrom has an extensive background at Deloitte; she has worked within several business areas 
such as Accounting, Audit and Transfer Pricing. During her first year of studies at Stockholm School of 
Economics within the Master of Science Program (Accounting and Financial Management), she worked 
part-time at Deloitte and was part of the Transfer Pricing Team. Her main responsibilities were devising and 
performing industry research and financial analysis of companies, analysis of intercompany transactions and 
business models, preparation of Transfer Pricing documentation and performing benchmarking studies on 
databases. In addition she participated in a number of marketing initiatives. Over our period of association, I 
have come to identify the traits that define and set Marielle apart from her contemporaries. 
Diligent, resourceful and proactive, Marielle is a valuable resource to the team with her impeccable work 
ethic. She is an exceptionally intelligent resource, and strives to build her knowledge through reading, 
collaboration and extensive research. She has an analytical mindset and has been very efficient in delivering 
good qualitative results and presentations before deadlines. I have found her to be a fluent communicator, 
one who puts her ideas across crisply and lucidly. She is an active participant in business discussions, 
enthusiastic with both her replies and her questions. In addition, she is a lively and cheerful person who takes 
setbacks in the spirit of new challenges posed, rather than a hurdle to be crossed. 
Marielle works well in a team and sets a very positive dynamic within a group. Her projects involved 
working closely with stakeholders from different cultures and backgrounds. Marielle handled her discussions 
with the stakeholders with maturity and sensitivity, establishing a rapport and garnering support for new 
ideas and proposals. Also, she has many diverse talents and interests; she has been an elite dancer in Disco 
for many years, both nationally and internationally. She is very driven and sets high goals for herself, and 
strives to achieve them. I see Marielle in a leader role in the future where she has the ability to impact people 
and influence decision making. 
I look forward to staying in touch with Marielle and am excited to hear about her successes in the future, 
both professionally and personally. I wish her success in her future endeavors and I am sure that she is 
poised to achieve excellence in whatever field she chooses to work in and set an example for others to 
follow. I am sure the selection panel, which always looks for future leaders who want to make a difference, 
would find a worthy candidate in her. In case of any questions, I am available via email during working 
hours. 
With kind regards, 
Delcdle AS. side SI0Ckholm. Org nr 556271.53O9 
Delano raters to one or more of Delodle T0uChe T0IlmatSu Limited. a UK pnvate company limited by guarantee. and its 
network of member firms, each of which is a legally separate and independent entity. please see ienwSigsmag2A 
for a detailed description CO the legal structure of Dekutte Touche Tohmatsu Unified and ns member limn 
EFTA00593607
--- PAGE 6 ---
Deloitte. 
Signature 
David Godin 
Director, Transfer Pricing 
Deloitte AB 
212 
EFTA00593608
--- PAGE 7 ---
HANDELSHOGSKOLAN 
I STOCKHOLM 
STOCKHOLM SCHOOL OF ECONOMICS 
Kenth Skogsvik 
Professor. KPMG &Alias professor i Kweragrekonomi 
Letter of recommendation for Marielle Borgstrom 
I have been able to get to know Marielle Borgstriim as a student in several courses at 
Stockholm School of Economics (SSE), both in our bachelor program (course 631: Financial 
Reporting and Financial Markets) and our master program (courses 3303: Financial Analysis 
and 3307: Advanced Financial Analysis). Currently, I serve as the tutor for Marielle and her 
co-author in their work on a master thesis in Accounting and Financial Management. 
Regarding Marielle's studying performance in my courses at SSE, her record is excellent. I 
have very much enjoyed having Marielle in the classroom, as she is an ambitious student with 
many to-the-point questions. She has an analytical mindset, and I am impressed by her 
curiosity and eagerness to become a skilled professional in accounting and corporate finance. 
Marielle has clearly a keen interest in the subject area and she has consistently been well 
prepared for my lectures and seminars. As a teacher, it is indeed always rewarding to have 
students that are as engaged and talented as Marielle. 
It has also been exciting to be the advisor for Marielle and her co-author in their ongoing 
master thesis work, where she has shown a remarkable ambition and strong ability to pursue 
independent research oriented work. I believe that her — and her co-author's — efforts will 
result in a thesis of high academic quality, but also an insightful report that will have an 
impact on the financial planning practice of multinational Swedish companies. I have enjoyed 
the discussions at our meetings, where Marielle has shown that she is also an excellent team 
player. 
Awarding Marielle as the Female Economist of Year 2014 would be an acknowledgement 
of all her strong qualities. She would definitively be an excellent ambassador for SSE, as she 
is a bright and creative student having shown passion for core subjects taught at the school. 
Apart from her intellectual ability and strong personal motivation, she is also a mature and 
socially very well-behaved person. I will keep my fingers crossed that the selection committee 
will see her as the promising young economist that she indeed is. 
Stockholm, April 4 2014, 
getek& 
Kenth Skogsvik 
IOLM. SWEDEN Ofikt +damn 
Telex 
CANE SCI OOI ICON. STOCKII0I M. 
EFTA00593609
--- PAGE 8 ---
1. What does the Internet and today's digital society mean for women leaders? 
Role models are powerful and life-shaping, for both men and women. Role models imprint early on 
notions of what one can achieve and aspire to; they connote value, worth and power in a society. More 
women leaders are starting to emerge in the popular press, however, too few are taking the time to 
write and share their own stories and paths to leadership. Additionally, most of the coverage of women 
leaders is limited to those who have achieved leadership roles that men traditionally equate with 
success; C-Suite, high-profile board seats and high level government appointments. What if women at 
every level of the corporate ladder as well as those who lead in unconventional and often unrecognized 
ways; at home, in their communities, as an entrepreneur, within an NGO, began capturing and sharing 
their leadership stories? Imagine the impact that could have on the next generation. 
Through Internet and social media, we have access to all information 24/7. Social media has enabled 
the trend of sharing one's life with others in the digital space, something that some have discussed 
could lead to higher pressure, especially for younger women; you are supposed to be successful, look 
great, have a social life and many connections etc. Being part of the digital world, no one is 
anonymous anymore, you become a "public" person, which both has up- and down sides. 
Women in the digital space have been more exposed to sexual harassment, threat and mean comments. 
You really need to have thick skin, or develop it, in order to handle difficult situations and know when 
to shrug your shoulders and move on, and know when to make your voice heard making a statement. 
Internet and social media have opened up a new forum which facilitates communication and 
discussion, and enables a way for people to express their opinions more easily, no matter title. It is 
easier to reach out to people and make a standpoint; I believe for women, the most important thing is 
to use the forum in a smart and timely way. Women leaders can through the digital space reach out to 
many people and choose which forum and discussions to be a part of, showing their passions, telling 
their stories and inspire not only younger women, but everyone. 
Social media has made it easier to establish, maintain and create a network. Maintaining your relations 
and extending your network are key factors to a successful career and for a sustainable leadership. 
Social media facilitates establishments of contacts and discussion with coworkers in the industry. One 
can discuss many topics, without even knowing others involved which makes it easier to get to know 
like-minded. 
2. What is your passion and what role will it play in your future role as woman leader? 
My passion is to always develop and improve, and I am not afraid to dream big, shoot for the stars and 
set high goals and standards for myself. Because if I don't set high goals in life, I will never discover 
my true capacity or develop. You always regret the things you never did, not the ones you did. Setting 
high goals and aiming for the stars come with big risk which means failure is plausible. For me it is 
important to not let fear affect my decisions or choices in life, because fear shouldn't be the reason for 
not following my dreams. I have definitely had many failures in my life, but failures doesn't necessary 
have to be a bad thing. Sure it is not fun, but I have learned tremendously from my mistakes. That is 
how you learn and develop, which is what I am passionate about, despite the fact that with my passion, 
comes failures. 
I love taking on new challenges in life; I have taken on many different roles within different 
companies and the fact that I managed to become an elite dancer both nationally and internationally 
shows that I set high goals and never give up until I make it. Even though failures develop me, I do not 
like to fail. However, the most important thing when failing is to quickly get back on your feet, look at 
EFTA00593610
--- PAGE 9 ---
your mistakes and improvement areas, face them head on and put all your energy to improve the 
weaknesses. I believe my dance career is a good example of that failure still doesn't stop me of 
reaching my dreams. It took me a long time before I reached elite level, but I never gave up and I am a 
stubborn woman. Dancing is still a passion of mine; however, my bigger passion is to constantly keep 
developing. During my almost ten year long dance career I have had a steep learning curve, and even 
though I decided to quit dancing, my development in other areas has been going in great speed, 
especially after starting my studies at SSE. I aim high and the passion for never giving up on my 
dreams will take me to the top, in one way or another. It will take time, but I have great patience and 
am motivated by challenges that will come my way. Hell, I even embrace them! Because failures will 
keep develop me, and it is not as fun or fulfilling succeeding if I don't get to fight for my dreams. 
I am proud of my accomplishments and of the strong woman I have become. Coming from a small 
town and moving to the capital city in 2009 was a big change for me. The culture is different and 
getting inside SSE's front door has opened up my mindset and since then, I have set bigger and 
tougher goals. Starting at SSE and moving to Stockholm has really empowered me, but I am proud of 
myself to never having forgotten who I was (and who I still am) and the values I was raised by and the 
culture in my small town. I am a woman that stands with both feet on the ground and for me it is 
important to treat everyone with respect and be humble. To have good self-esteem is important, but it 
is important to not become too confident, as it might lead to a slower continuous development and 
where one stops pushing the boundaries. I am very competitive and always strive for the top, but once 
I reached my goal, it is important to still keep improving, because number one doesn't last long. When 
reaching second place in a dance competition, I made sure to give my all to improve my weaknesses, 
analyze past performances and be creative in order to be able to develop, all to be able to reach first 
place in the next competition and beat my competitors. Number one is fun, but as mentioned, nothing 
lasts forever, and to stay at number one within dancing, I never got too confident and was always 
humble in terms of my accomplishments as well as towards my competitors. They had many qualities 
I admired and gave me lots of inspiration, which I have them to thank for to reach the top. No one 
reaches the top alone; there are many people on the way that are essential in order to succeed, where 
even the little things can make a big impact. 
My passion for continuous development combined with always being humble and never getting too 
confident, will ensure that I will keep pushing my own boundaries and brake barriers that will give me 
both professional and personal fulfillment. I am eager to climb the career ladder and hope to inspire 
and engage people in my surroundings showing that nothing is impossible in life, there is always 
another way. Full stop. 
EFTA00593611
--- PAGE 10 ---
NAME: BORGSTROEM, MARIELLE EMM 
THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT AUSTIN 
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR, MAIN BLDG. ROOM I, AUSTIN, TX 78712-1157, C
FICE CODE: 3658 
IPEDS CODE: 228778 
ATP CODE: 6882 
ACT CODE: 4240 
OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT 
STUD
008- 
DATE: 01/30/14 
PAGE: 
MBA PROGRAM OFFICE 
MCCOMBS SCHOOL OF BUSINESS 
THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT AUSTIN 
ATTENDED: STOCKHOLM SCHOOL OF ECONOMICS 
FALL 2009 
COURSEWORK UNDERTAKEN AT THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT AUSTIN 
SPRING 2012 
SEMESTER 2013 
GRADUATE BUSINESS 
INTERNATIONAL EXCHANGE 
FIN 390 
1-FINCL MARKETS 6 INSTITUTIONS 
3.0 B 
FIN 394 
1-ADVANCED CORPORATE FINANCE 
3.0 A-
MAN 383 
20-ART AND SCI OF NEGOTIATION 
3.0 B 
MAN 385 
OPPORTUNITY IDENT AND ANALYSIS 
3.0 B 
MAN 385 
POWER & POLITICS 
3.0 B 
HRS UNDERTAKEN 15 
HRS PASSED 15 
GPA HRS 15 
GR PTS 
47.01 
GPA 3. 4 
CUMULATIVE TOTALS EARNED AS A GRADUATE STUDENT AT U.T. AUSTIN 
HRS UNDERTAKEN 15 
HRS PASSED 15 
GPA HRS 15 
GR PTS 
47.01 
GPA 3.1340 
I. • • 
END 
OF 
TRANSCRIPT 
*I" 
TSI STATUS INFORMATION 
TSI AREA TSI STATUS 
ALL 
EXEMPT 
EXPLANATION 
DEGREE HOLDER 
TEC 51.907 UNDERGRADUATE COURSE DROP COUNTER: X 
Shelby Stanfield. Registrar 
This ofRcial transcript is printed on security paper and does not require a raised seal. 
THE NAME OF THE UNIVERSITY IS PRINTED IN WHITE TYPE ON THE FACE OF THIS DOCUMENT 
THE WORD COPY APPEARS WHEN PHOTOCOPIED 
A BLACK AND WHITE DOCUMENT IS NOT OFFICIAL 
EFTA00593612
--- PAGE 11 ---
THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT AUSTIN 
Office of the Registrar 
SEMESTERS. SESSIONS. AND TERMS: An academic year consists of consecutive fall and spring semesters end the following summer session. A semester normally is 
about sixteen weeks long. The summer session comprises a first term (I) and a second term (s) each six weeks in duration; work also is offered on a nine-week basis 
(n) and a whole-session or twelve-week basis (w). The same academic credit is given for a course whether it is taken in the long session or the summer session. 
ACADEMIC CREDIT: The unit of measure for academic credit is the semester hour. Most courses meet three hours a week in the long-session semester and have a 
credit value of three semester hours. The same courses meet for seven and one-hall hours a week in a six-week summer term and have a credit value of three 
semester hours. For students enrolled in graduate programs. GPA hours and hours-passed relied only those graduate-level courses (excluding thesis, dissertation. 
report, and treatise) and certain in-residence upper-division undergraduate courses taken while the student was enrolled in the Graduate School. Upper-division 
undergraduate courses taken in the loll of 1999 through the summer session of 2008 aro not included. 
COURSE NUMBERING SYSTEM: Courses aro designated by a three-digit number or a three-digit number with a capital letter affixed. The first digit in the course 
number indicates the value of the course: 001-099 indicates zero credit vakie; 101-199 indicates ono semester hour credit; 201-299 indicates two semester hours 
credit; 301-399 indicates throe semester hours credit: and so on. The last two digits indicate the rank of the course: 01-19 indicates lower-division rank: 20-79 
indicates upper-division rank and 80-99 indicates graduate rank 
All courses in the School of Law and some courses in the College of Pharmacy are considered professional rank 
Two courses with the same abbreviation and the same last two digits may not both be counted for credit by a student unless the two digits are followed by a capital 
totter. Some courses may bo repeated for credit. Those courses em indicated in the University! catalogs. 
PREFIXES AND SUFFIXES: The suffix letters A, B. and X. Y. Z indicate that a part of the course was given. A suffix of A or B divides the course into two pans X. Y, or 
divides the course into three parts. In each case, the semester-hour credit given for the course is reduced accordingly. 
The prefix letters I. s. n, and w indicate the terms of the summer session (see above) in which the course was offered: f indicates first term; s indicates second term; n 
Indicates nine-week session; and w indicates whole session. 
For grading systems used purer to 1979. contact the Office of the Registrar. 
GRADE 
A 
C 
B 
CR 
NC 
S 
U 
A 
A-
0+ 
B 
B-
C+ 
C 
-
+ 
0-
X 
CR 
NC 
1979.1980 through 2004.2005 
(0(CELLENT 
ABOVE AVERAGE 
AVERAGE 
PASS 
FAILURE 
PERMANENT INCOMPLETE (effective fall 1997) 
TEMPORARY DELAY OF FINAL COURSE GRADE 
CREDIT 
NO CREDIT 
COURSE IS CONTINUING 
OFFICIALLY DROPPED THE COURSE 
OFFICIALLY WITHDREW FROM THE UNIVERSITY 
COURSE GRADE NOT REPORTED BY FACULTY 
SATISFACTORY (MY courses only) 
UNSATISFACTORY (DEV courses only) 
2005-2006 to the present 
EXCELLENT3
ABOVE AVERAGE3
AVERAGE3 
PASS 3
FAILURE" 
PERMANENT INCOMPLETE 
TEMPORARY DELAY OF FINAL COURSE GRADE 
CREDIT 
NO CREDIT 
COURSE IS CONTINUING 
GRADE PTS 
PER SEM HR 
nal 
nal 
nal
nal 
nal 
na1
na 
nal 
nal 
nal
4.00 
3-67 
3.33 
3.00 
2.67 
2.33 
2.00 
1.67 
1.33 
1.00 
0.67 
ago 
net
na
nal 
eel 
a 
OFFICIALLY DROPPED THE COURSE 
W 
OFFICIALLY WITHDREW FROM THE UNIVERSITY 
O 
COURSE GRADE NOT REPORTED BY FACULTY 
S 
SATISFACTORY (DEV courses only) 
U 
UNSATISFACTORY (DEV courses only) 
Through the summer session of 2009. plus and minus grades 
are reserved for graduate, graduate business, and law students 
enrolled in graduate-level, non-law courses. Beginning 
fall of 2009. plus and minus grades are valid for all students. 
A course dropped by the twelfth class day of a long-session semester 
(fourth class day of a summer session term) is not entered on the 
permanent academic record. 
Prior to fall 1981. NC grades did not appear on the transcript. 
nal 
na1
net
na1 
na 
SCHOOL OF LAW 
Prior to t990.1991 
1990-1991 - Present 
The School of Law employed a 
numeric grading system with the 
following alpha equivalents. 
- 100 = A 
- 84 = B 
66- 74 =C 
• 64 = D 
BELOW 60 = F 
Grade Points 
Letter Grade 
Per Sern Hr. 2
A+ 
4,3 
A 
4.0 
A- 
3.7 
B+ 
3.3 
B 
3.0 
B- 
2.7 
C+ 
2.3 
C 
ZO 
D 
1.7 
F 
1.3 
1. na = not applicable to gee calculation 
2. Official grade point averages are not calculated for students In the School of 
Law. 
3. Grade interpretation is applicable to undergraduate students. 
NRTRP2 09/01i2C
TO TEST FOR AUTHENTICITY: Translucent globe Icons MOST be visible from both sides when hold toward a light source. The Noe of this 
transcript or certification Is printed on burnt orange SCRIP-SAFE' paper with the name of the Institution appearing in while typo over the face el the 
entire itecoment, 
THE VAVF.NSITY OF 1CXAS Al AUSIFN • III UNIVERSITY0C 1 LXAS At unser • nt uNryrnsily or -Mcrae! nuSt IN • Mt 0.m/tiePe EN Ramat austat• 114. UPOVIASIIY OF I VIM 
AT AuSter• Ilai unwtrisav et 1EXASAI AUSIIN•INE lINIVFIISIT(OF It MK Al N.41114 • INC UtINCRSIFYCf RAAB Al AUS1IN• TIN UPOVENSOY 0 TEXAS AT MANS TIN 
RIAIY 
OF MIAS Al AMON • rut UNIVOMITY Of TEXAS AI AUSON• ITC UNIARSIIY OF IONS 
AUTON • WE ueunirSily OF IrMS al WS/ ei• TIE UAAVENSIIY OF TEXAS AT AUSIPN • Cr 
ADDITIONAL TESTS: When photocopied. a latent souirdy statement containing the worts COPY COPY COPY appears over the face of the entire 
document. When this paper is touched by fresh liquid bleach. an authentic document will slain bloWn. A black and white or color copy of this 
document is not an original and should not he accepted as an official institutional document. This document cannot be released to a third party 
without the written consent of the student. This is in 
I 
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 197.1. If you have any 
questions about this document, please contact our office al 
ALTERATION OF THIS DOCUMENT MAY BE A CRIMINAL OFFENSE! 
SCNIP43AF E 
ty Pro:locks. Mt. Cincinnati O11.U.S. Patent 5.1 Fl 040 
• 
EFTA00593613
--- PAGE 12 ---
April 10. 2014 
Transcript of Academic Records 
Name: 
Marielle Borgstrbm 
Date of Birth: 
19890717.8209 
Program of Study: 
MSc Program in Finance & Accounting. specialization in Accounting & Financial Management 
Date of Enrollment: 
2012.08.24 
Grade Point Average (GPA): 
3.75 
Course 
ECTS Credits 
Grade 
Date 
Financial Accounting 
7.5 
B 
2012.1015 
Management Control 
7.5 
B 
2012.1018 
Financial Analysis 
7.5 
C 
2013.01.09 
Corporate Valuation 
7.5 
B 
2013.01.15 
Financial Accounting from a Preparer Perspective 
7.5 
B 
2013.03.18 
CFO Challenges in Multinational Companies 
7.5 
B 
2013.03.22 
Current Issues in Accounting & Financial Mgmt 
7.5 
C 
2013.0527 
Advanced Financial Analysis 
7.5 
B 
2013.0603 
Exchange Studies 
30.0 
Exchange" 
201401.16 
Total 90.0 
ECTS Grading at SSE 
1.5 ECTS (European Credit Transfer System) credits correspond to one week of full-time studies 
Grading scale: A-E (where A is the highest and E the lowest pass grade) 
A Grade Point Average (GPA) is calculated by weighting the grades A = 5.00 points. B = 4.00. C = 3.00. D = 2.00. E = 1.00 
by the ECTS credits for each course component. 
The GPA for a student can range from 1.00 - 5.00. with 5.00 being the highest. 
Only courses with letter grades are calculated in the GPA. The GPA also includes possible extra courses in addition to the obligatory program. 
For information about Class GPAs and grade distributions, please refer to the SSE home page. www.hhs.se. 
Additional Information 
Courses completed within the Student Exchange Program are not graded by SSE 
This transcript is based on information in the SSE database of student achievements and is downloaded by the student 
/ 1 
EFTA00593614
--- PAGE 13 ---
Transcript of Academic Records 
Name: 
Date of Birth: 
Program of Study: 
Date of Enrollment: 
Date of Degree: 
Degree name: 
Grade Point Average (GPA): 
Mande Bor siren 
BSc Program in Business and Economics 
2009.08.18 
2012-06-05 
Bachelor of Science in Business and Economics 
3.80 
April 10. 2014 
ECTS Credits 
Grade 
Date 
Business Administration 
Marketing I 
7.5 
A 
2009.10.22 
Introduction to Accounting 
7.5 
B 
201003.25 
Marketing II 
7.5 
C 
2010.06.03 
Managerial Economics and Control 
7.5 
D 
2010.06.07 
Accounting and Managerial Finance 
7.5 
A 
2011.01.14 
Management: Organization 
7.5 
A 
2011.01.18 
Management: Organizational Leadership 
7.5 
B 
2011.03.22 
Economics 
Microeconomics 
7.5 
B 
2009.10.19 
International Economics 
7.5 
B 
2010.10.21 
Macroeconomics and Economic Policy 
7.5 
B 
2011.03.29 
Finance 
Finance I 
7.5 
B 
2010-10-18 
Finance II 
7.5 
C 
2011.0609 
Economic Statistics 
Basic Economic Statistics I 
7.5 
2010-01-14 
Basic Economic Statistics II 
7.5 
2010-03-18 
Business Law 
Introduction to the Law of Business & Commerce 
7.5 
B 
2010-01-11 
Integrated Strategic Management 
Business Strategy 
7.5 
B 
2011.08-16 
Specialization in Accounting & Financial Management 
Financial Reporting and Financial Markets 
7.5 
C 
2011.1021 
Corporate Reporting and Control 
7.5 
B 
2011.12.21 
Specialization in Finance 
Fundamentals of Corporate Finance 
7.5 
B 
2011.1025 
Fundamentals of Investment Analysis 
7.5 
B 
2011.12.22 
Degree Project in Accounting & Financial Mgmt 
15.0 
C 
2012.0529 
Trading suspensions on Nasdaq OMX Nordic Stockholm. Do 
the trading suspensions on Nasdaq OMX Nordic - Stockholm 
mean a secure trading and an efficient market? 
Elective Courses 
/ 2 
EFTA00593615
--- PAGE 14 ---
Transcript of Academic Records 
Name: 
Date of Birth: 
Program of Study: 
Date of Enrollment: 
Date of Degree: 
Degree name: 
Grade Point Average (GPA): 
Mande Borgstrom 
BSc Program in Business and Economics 
200908.18 
2012-06-05 
Bachelor of Science in Business and Economics 
3.80 
April 10. 2014 
ECTS Credits 
Grade 
Date 
Business English 
7.5 
C 
2010-05-31 
Company Law. Partnership Law. Law of Organizations 
7.5 
A 
2011.0405 
Credit and Insolvency Law 
7.5 
A 
2012.0605 
Total 187.5 
ECTS Grading at SSE 
1.5 ECTS (European Credit Transfer System) credits correspond to one week of full-time studies 
Grading scale: A-E (where A is the highest and E the lowest pass grade) 
A Grade Point Average (GPA) is calculated by weighting the grades A = 5.00 points. B = 4.00. C = 3.00. D = 2.00. E = 1.00 
by the ECTS credits for each course component. 
The GPA for a student can range from 1.00 - 5.00. with 5.00 being the highest. 
Only courses with letter grades are calculated in the GPA. The GPA also includes possible extra courses in addition to the obligatory program. 
For information about Class GPAs and grade distributions, please refer to the SSE home page. www.hhs.se. 
Additional Information 
This transcript is based on information in the SSE database of student achievements and is downloaded by the student 
/ 2 
EFTA00593616

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593617.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593617.pdf
----------------------------------------
-
'4
tr) 
Op 
. • „ „ , 
EFTA00593617

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593618.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593618.pdf
----------------------------------------
Bill Clinton identified in lawsuit against his former friend and 
pedophile Jeffrey Epstein who had 'regular' orgies at his Caribbean 
compound that the former president visited multiple times 
• The former president was friends with Jeffrey Epstein, a financier who was arrested 
in 2008 for soliciting underage prostitutes 
• A new lawsuit has revealed how Clinton took multiple trips to Epstein's private island 
where he 'kept young women as sex slaves' 
• Clinton was also apparently friends with a woman who collected naked pictures of 
underage girls for Epstein to choose from 
• He hasn't cut ties with that woman, however, and invited her to Chelsea's wedding 
• Comes as friends now fear that if Hillary Clinton runs for president in 2016, all of 
their family's old scandals will be brought to the forefront 
• Epstein has a host of famous friends including Prince Andrew who stayed at his New 
York mansion AFTER his arrest 
By Daily Mail Reporter 
Published: 09:06 EST, 19 March 2014 I Updated: 21:10 EST, 5 January 2015 
A new lawsuit has revealed the extent of former President Clinton's friendship with a fundraiser who was 
later jailed for having sex with an underage prostitute. 
Bill Clinton's relationship with Jeffrey Epstein, who served time in 2008 for his illegal sexual partners, 
included up multiple trips to the onetime billionaire's private island in the Caribbean where underage girls 
were allegedly kept as sex slaves. 
The National Enquirer has released new details about the two men's friendship, which seems to have 
ended abruptly around the time of Epstein's arrest. 
Naming names: A lawsuit between Jeffrey Epstein (right, in 2011) and his legal team has 
included multiple mentions about the convicted pedophile's connection to former 
President Bill Clinton (left, earlier this month) 
Pedophile paradise: The lawsuit included flight records that showed Clinton made multiple 
trips to Epstein's private island, Little St James (pictured), between 2002 and 2005. 
Women were reportedly kept there as sex slaves 
EFTA00593618
--- PAGE 2 ---
Tales of orgies and young girls being shipped to the island, called Little St. James, have been revealed as 
part of an ongoing lawsuit between Epstein and his former lawyers Scott Rothstein and Bradley Edwards. 
It is unclear what the basis of the suit is, but they go on to call witness testimony from some of the 
frequent guests at Epstein's island to talk about the wild parties that were held there in the early 2000S. 
Flight logs pinpoint Clinton's trips on Epstein's jet 
Convicted: Epstein was investigated in 2005 after a 
between the years 2002 and 2005, while he was working 
woman reported that he paid her 14-year-old daughter for 
sex 
on his philanthropic post-presidential career and while 
his wife Hillary was a Senator for their adopted state of New York. 
'I remember asking Jeffrey what's Bill Clinton doing here kind fo thing, and he laughed it off and said well 
he owes me a favor,' one unidentified woman said in the lawsuit, which was filed in Palm Beach Circuit 
Court. 
The woman went on to say how orgies were a regular occurrence and she recalled two young girls from 
New York who were always seen around the five-house compound but their personal backstories were 
never revealed. 
At least one woman on the compound was there unwillingly, as the suit identifies a woman as Jane Doe 
102. 
She 'was forced to live as one of Epstein's underage sex slaves for years and was forced to have sex with... 
politicians, businessmen, royalty, academicians, etc,' the lawsuit says according to The Enquirer. 
Epstein's sexual exploits have been documented since 2005, when a woman in Palm Beach contacted 
police saying that her 14-year-old daughter had been paid $3oo to massage him and then have sex. 
The claim prompted a nearly year-long investigation that led to the eventual charge of soliciting 
prostitution which came as part of a plea deal. He spent 13 months of a 18-month sentence in jail and 
remains a registered sex offender. 
Several of his famous friends cut ties- including Clinton and then-New York Governor Eliot Spitzer who 
returned his campaign donations- but not all of them: Prince Andrew reportedly stayed at Epstein's 
mansion in New York in 2010, months after he was released from jail. 
Chelsea Clinton leaves hospital with new baby Charlotte 
Keeping ties: Clinton was also friends with an unnamed woman who stored pictures of 
underage girls for Epstein, and though Clinton cut ties with Epstein after his arrest, he 
EFTA00593619
--- PAGE 3 ---
invited the woman to Chelsea's 2010 wedding 
Clinton's connection to Epstein, who worked as a financier and education philanthropist before more than 
4o women came forward with claims about him being a sexual predator, has been long-established, but 
The Enquirer also tells how the former president was also friends with some of Epstein's seedy 
acquaintances. 
The lawsuit claims that Clinton was friends with an unnamed woman who 'kept images of naked underage 
children on her computer, helped to recruit underage children for Epstein... and photographed underage 
females in sexually explicit poses'. 
While he cut off ties with Epstein, this woman's abuses apparently did not end their relationship as she 
was reportedly one of the 400 guests at Chelsea Clinton's 2010 wedding. 
Latest ladies: Clinton was pictured posing for a photo with Barbie Girl (left) and Ava Adora 
(right), two known prostitutes who work at the Bunny Brothel in Nevada 
Though the lawsuit may be bringing up sexual skeleton's from Clinton's past, he has added to the drama of 
late by posing for a photo with two known prostitutes at a fundraiser in Los Angeles last month. 
The drama of his extramarital affairs is apparently just one concern for Clinton family loyalists, as a Wall 
Street Journal article released today details how 
'I'm not in the political camp; I'm in the friends camp. And the friends camp definitely has concerns about 
her running,' the former Secretary of State's friend Linda Bloodworth-Thomason told the paper, 
Share or comment on this article 
EFTA00593620

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593621.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593621.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE ANNALS OF UNSOLVED CRIMES 
By Edward Jay Epstein 
Contents 
Preface 
Part One 
LONERS: BUT WERE THEY ALONE 
1. 
Lincoln Assassin— Was he alone? 
2. 
The Reichstag Fire 
3. 
The Lindbergh Kidnapping 
4. 
JFK's Assassin— Was He Alone? 
5. 
The Assassination of Olaf Palme 
6. 
The Anthrax Attack on America 
7. 
The Pope's Assassin 
Part Two: SUICIDE, ACCIDENT OR DISGUISED MURDER? 
8. 
The Mayerling Incident 
9. 
The Hanging of God's Banker 
10. 
Death of Dag Hammersjold 
11. 
The Strange Death of Marilyn Monroe 
12. 
The Crash of Enrico Mattei 
13. 
The Disappearance of Lin Biao 
14. 
The Elimination of General Zia 
15. 
The Submerged Spy 
Part Three: COLD CASE FILE 
16. 
Jack The Ripper 
17. 
The Harty Oakes Murder 
18. 
The Black Dahlia 
19. 
The Pursuit of Dr. Sam Sheppard 
20. 
The Killing of Jon Benet Ramsey 
21. 
The Zodiac 
22. 
The Vanishing opimmy Hoffa 
Part Four: CRIMES OF STATE 
EFTA00593621
--- PAGE 2 ---
23. 
A Decapitation in the Ukraine 
24. 
The Dubai Hit Squad 
25. 
The Hariri Assassination 
26. 
Who Assassinated Anna Politkovskaya 
27. 
Blowing Up Of Bhutto 
28. 
The Case of the Radioactive Corpse 
29. 
The Godfather Contract 
The Japanese Vanishings 
Part Five SOLVED OR UNSOLVED? 
31. The Oklahoma City Bombing 
32. The O.J. Simpson Nullification 
33. Bringing Down DSK 
34. The Macdonald Massacre 
35. Death In Perugia 
EPILOGUE 
THE ENDURING MYSTERY OF THE ASSASSINATION 
EFTA00593622
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00593623

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593624.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593624.pdf
----------------------------------------
EPFL 
IC 
SV 
Brain Mind 
LCN 
Events 
Workshops 
The Monte Verita workshop on Music in Neuroscience, 
March 2012 
Program 
LABORATORY OF COMPUTATIONAL NEUROSCIENCE LCN 
The Monte yenta workshop on Music in Neuroscience, March 
2012 - Program 
MONDAY, MARCH 19, 2012 
9:00 - 9:10 
CSF welcome address and video about the history of Monte yenta 
SESSION: COGNITIVE NEUROSCIENCE OF MUSIC 
9:10 - 9:30 
Tutorial: Music in the Brain, an introduction 
(Stefan Koelsch) 
9:30 - 10:15 
Danlele Schoen: Temporal Structure in Music and Speech 
10:15 
Coffee Break 
10:45-11:30 
Stefan Koelsch: Measuring the Perception of Music, 
(title to be announced) 
11:30 -12:15 
Petr Janata: Mapping Music to Memories in the Human Brain 
12:15-14:00 
Lunch Break 
SESSION: SONGBIRD 1 
14:00-14:20 
Tutorial: Songbirds, bird song, and music (Richard Hahnloser) 
14:20-15:05 
Coen Elemans. All singing and dancing. Sound production and its control in birds 
15:05-15:30 
Coffee break 
15:30- 16:15 
Constance Scharff. Do Birds Tango? 
EFTA00593624
--- PAGE 2 ---
16:15 -16:45 
Hollis Taylor, Birdsong concert 
(A concert featuring the songs of the Australian pied butcherbird for violin and field recordings) 
EVENING 
20:00 
Spontaneous Music sessions in rooms Balint, Pioda, Von der Heydt, Mandala, Auditorium 
TUESDAY, MARCH 20, 2012 
SESSION: AUDITORY NEUROPHYSIOLOGY-1 
9:10 - 9:30 
Tutorial: Auditory Neurophysiology (Jan Schnupp) 
9:30 - 10:15 
Israel Nelken, Music and Primary auditory cortex 
10:15 
Coffee Break 
10:45-11:30 
Frank Ohl, Cortical Neurodynamics of auditory category learning 
11:30 -12:15 
Fritz Sommer Learning in embodied action-perception loops 
12:15-14:00 
Lunch Break 
SESSION: MUSICAL STRUCTURE 
14:00-14:20 
Tutorial: Musical structure and Computational Modeling (Martin Rohrmeler) 
14:20-15:05 
Martin Rohrmeier, Musical syntax: Computational and Empirical Perspectives 
15:05-15:30 
Coffee break 
15:30- 16:15 
Dezhe Jin, Bird song syntax: statistical model and neural mechanism 
16:15 -17:00 
Shlomo Dubnov. Musical Surprise Modeling with Audio Oracle 
17:00 - 18:30 
POSTER SESSION (Balint Room) 
EFTA00593625
--- PAGE 3 ---
EVENING 
20:00 
Spontaneous Music sessions in rooms Balint, Pioda, Von der Heydt, Mandala, Auditorium 
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 21, 2012 
Y NEUROPHYSIOLOGY-2 
9:10 - 9:30 
Tutorial: Pitch and Tone (Israel Nelken) 
9:30 - 10:15 
Daniel Bendor. the representation of pitch in primate auditory 
10:15 
Coffee Break 
10:45-11:30 
Jennifer Bizley. Neural correlates of pitch and timbre perception in ferret auditory cortex 
11:30 -12:15 
Nory Jacobi. Kernel Information Bottleneck as a Metaphor for Music and Art Perception 
12:15-14:00 
Lunch Break 
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON FREE 
EVENING SESSION: 
TONES, HARMONY, AND MUSIC 
(Balint Room or Auditorium) 
20:00 -20:45 
20:45 - 21:00 
Leila Schayegh: Taupe grey and Eyes Wide Shut: A journey into a violinist's mind 
Eltan Globerson: my brain as a pianist 
THURSDAY, MARCH 22, 2012 
SESSION: LEARNING 
EFTA00593626
--- PAGE 4 ---
9:10 - 9:40 
9:40 - 10:20 
10:20 
10:45-11:30 
Tutorial: Tonal Harmony (Mark Jude Tramo) 
Mark Jude Tramo: Neural Coding of Tonal Harmony 
Coffee Break 
Surya Ganguli: (title to be announced) 
11:30 -12:15 
Richard Hahnloser: Auditory feedback and song learning 
12:15-14:00 
Lunch Break 
SESSION: EMOTION 
14:00-14:20 
Tutorial: Huron's theory of emotion in music (Ofer TchernIchovskl) 
14:20-15:05 
Ofer Tchemichovski, Music Theory for Birds: 
Searching for Structural Organization in the Interactive Vocalizations of Songbirds 
15:05-15:30 
Coffee break 
15:30- 16:15 
Eltan Globerson, Psychoacoustic abilities as predictors of vocal emotion recognition in autism 
16:15 -17:00 
Joel Douek, speaking the emotional language of music 
EVENING: 
Public talk and event in ITALIAN LANGUAGE 
(and colleagues from the Music Conservatory of Tessin) 
(Bafint Room) 
20:30 - 21:15 
"Suono e cervello" 
public lecture in Italian by Jan Schnupp 
21:15 - 22:00 
The Journey of a Musical idea" 
public lecture in Italian and musical performance by Jennifer MacRitchie and Giulia Nutl 
22:00 
Questions, remarks, possible discussion lead by the moderator 
EVENING ir,
20:00 
Spontaneous Music sessions in rooms Pioda, Von der Heydt, Mandala, Auditorium 
EFTA00593627
--- PAGE 5 ---
FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 2012 
SESSION: LEARNING-2 
9:30 - 10:15 
Wulfram Gerstner. The problems of learning temporal structure with spiking neurons 
10:15 
Coffee Break 
10:45-11:30 
Jason Kerr, Outside auditory cortex: optical imaging of neural activity 
11:30 -12:15 
Mark Jude Tramo, 
The BIG picture: Functional Brain Organization in Relation to Emotion and Meaning in Music 
12:15-13:00 
Lunch Break 
END OF THE MEETING 
2011 EPP!. All rights reserved 
EFTA00593628

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593629.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593629.pdf
----------------------------------------
ESS 
DC 
OI 
Bus 
FLAP 
CONT 
FOR TRAINING PURPOSES ONLY 
MANUAL 
RAP CONT 
FLAP/STAB 
POS 
EMER 
• 
PEDESTAL 
SWITCHES 
FOLLOW UP 
SWITCHES 
-• 
FLAP INFORMATION 
EXT 
FLAP 
EMER FLAP 
CONTROL 
a 
HANDLE 
VALVE 
T 
 A 
FLAP SHUTOFF VALVE 
(DEENERGIZEDCLOSED) 
FLAP 
CONTROL 
AUXILIARY 
  RELAY 
PRESSURE 
COMBINED (OR UTILITY) 
PRESSURE 
FLAP POSITION 
TRANSMITTEFt 
LEGEND 
- - - 
MECHANICAL 
STAB/FLAP 
INDICATOR 
STABILIZER INFORMATION 
* BREAK CIRCUIT IF ACTUAL FLAP 
LINEAR TRAVEL EXCEEDS APPROX 
1/4 INCH. ONE FROM THE OTHER 
Figure 27-37. Flap Control System Block Diagram 
C) 
C 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
a" 
7 
C „5. 
EFTA00593629
--- PAGE 2 ---
FlightSafety 
GULFSTREAM GIV/G300/6400 MAINTENANCE TRAINING MANUAL 
Central Gearbox 
The central gearbox is mounted on the forward 
upper end of the torque box in the main wheel 
well. The gearbox has an input shaft and four 
output shafts. The input shaft is driven by the 
hydraulic motor. The hydraulic motor is a 
fixed displacement motor operating at 6,000 
rpm. This speed is reduced in the central gear-
box at a ratio of 8.22 to 1. Torque is transmitted 
at a speed of 730 rpm to the spanwise torque 
shafts to drive the flaps and to drive the hor-
izontal stabilizer. The fourth output is to the 
flap followup switch assembly and the posi-
tion transmitter. 
Flap Control Handle 
The flap control handle is located on the right 
side of the center pedestal. It moves vertically 
into four detented positions: UP (0°), 10°, 
TAKEOFF/APPROACH (20°) and DOWN 
(39°). 
The emergency flap control handle is located 
on the copilot's side console. It is mechanically 
linked to the flap selector valve and is used as 
a manual override in the event of an electri-
cal malfunction in the flap control valve. The 
handle moves vertically through three de-
tented positions: UP, DOWN, and NEUTRAL. 
To operate the flaps with the emergency han-
dle, move it in the desired direction and when 
the flaps reach the desired position return the 
handle to neutral. 
• 
Flap Selector Valve 
The flap selector valve is located in the nose 
wheel well, right side. It is a dual solenoid-op-
erated valve. Solenoid "A" is energized for 
flaps up and solenoid "B" is energized for 
flaps down. The two positions provide re-
versing hydraulic flow to the hydraulic motor 
for flap operation. The automatic stopping 
feature of the flaps is controlled by the flap fol-
lowup switch assembly. When the flaps reach 
the desired position, one of the followup 
switches opens the electrical circuit to deen-
ergize the respective solenoid valve. This 
results in the hydraulic motor stopping and the 
flaps being held in the desired position. If the 
selector valve solenoids fail, the emergency 
handle can be used to operate the valve. 
Flap Shutoff Valve 
The flap shutoff valve is located in the nose 
wheel well forward of the selector valve. It is 
a single solenoid valve that must be energized 
open. When energized, it will allow hydraulic 
fluid to the flap selector valve. It is energized 
whenever the flap control handle is moved. If 
the flap control circuit breaker should blow due 
to an electrical failure in the normal flap con-
trol circuit, the valve can be energized through 
a separate circuit and the emergency flap con-
trol handle can be used to move the flaps. 
Should a flap asymmetry occur during normal 
or emergency operation, the shutoff valve will 
be de-energized to prevent flap operation. 
NOTES 
FOR TRAINING PURPOSES ONLY 
27-65 
EFTA00593630
--- PAGE 3 ---
FlightSafety 
GULFSTREAM GIU/G300/6400 MAINTENANCE TRAINING MANUAL 
ELECTRICAL OPERATION 
Power for the flap control system is supplied 
by the FLAP CONT circuit breaker powered 
from the ESS DC bus. Additionally, the MAN-
UAL FLAP CONT circuit breaker is powered 
through an integral switch in the FLAP CONT 
circuit breaker whenever it opens. 
The control system consists of four switches 
actuated by the flap control handle. Addi-
tional control comes from the flap followup 
switch assembly. The assembly contains six 
flap position switches and five warning 
switches as well as control switches for other 
aircraft systems. These switches open and 
close as the flaps cycle through their range of 
to 39°. As the flaps reach a selected position, 
the drive cam opens the particular switch, 
breaking•the circuit to the flap selector valve 
and halting flap movement. Of the six flap 
position switches, three control retraction and 
three control extension. 
UP (S1)—Retract 
10° UP (S3)—Retract 
10° Down (S4)—Extend 
20° UP (S5)—Retract 
20° DOWN (S6)—Extend 
DOWN (S2)—Extend 
The remaining switches in the assembly also 
open and close through the drive cam action 
in correspondence to flap position w allow cer-
tain circuits to be completed. 
Landing Gear Warning Horn (S7)—Flaps equal 
to or greater than 22° 
Takeoff Alarm (S8)—Flaps full up or down 
Hydraulic Control (S9), not used 
Speedbrake/Flap Alarm (S 10)—Flaps any po-
sition except up 
Flap/Stab Warning (S11)—Flaps full up, stab 
not at 1±1/4° 
AFGCS (S l2)—Flaps any position except up, 
not used 
NOTES 
FOR TRAINING PURPOSES ONLY 
27-67 
EFTA00593631

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593632.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593632.pdf
----------------------------------------
Morgan Stanley 
Apollo Global Management LLC I April 1. 2015 
MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
April 1 2015 
Apollo Global Management LLC 
Winter Is Coming: Sell APO Into 1Q 
Earnings 
Industry View 
In-Line 
Stock Rating 
Price Target 
Underweight 
$23.00 
Lowering 1Q divi estimate by 38% to 30c; we're now 38% below 
consensus. Risk is that dividends may skew towards our bear case in 
201546 with APO largely through its harvesting mode. 
Near-term we see downside risk to APO shares with our 30c dividend 
estimate in 1Q that is 38% below consensus and 64% lower than 1Q14's 
84c div. Our 2015 dividend of 1.96c is 6% below consensus and we see 
downside risk of —36c if the cash performance fees held in Fund VI escrow are 
not released this year (we expect this is released in 4Q15, but if timing is 
pushed out then our 2015 divi declines to 1.60c which is 23% below 
consensus). While we see long-term value in APO, given the firm's strong track 
record of above average market returns, we think the stock will likely 
underperform peers over the next 12 months due to a declining cash earnings 
and dividend trajectory. Also see our 1Q Alts preview here: US Asset 
Managers: Summer of Realizations: Buy BX and CG into 1Q Earnings (01 
Apr 2015). 
1Q divi expected to be the lowest since 2Q12. If this trend persists, there 
could be a disconnect between near-term share-price performance and 
longer-term fundamentals. APO's high dividend yield (9.6% currently on cons 
2015 divi) is a core part of the APO investment appeal in the short-term, until 
the outlook for cash earnings improves after another deployment cycle or 
incremental scaling of the credit business. We see downside risk to consensus 
dividend estimates and we're 6% below in 2015 (with downside bias to our 
estimate) and 13% below in 2016. 
No PE Monetizations Announced in 1Q: APO did not announce any PE exits 
in 1Q in which they can take cash carry. Yes APO exited Sprouts but that's held 
in the Fund VI escrow which is not released until the portfolio value exceeds 
115% of cost (last at 104% in 4Q and likely declines further in 1Q with the 
Sprouts exit). We're estimating 3c in cash carry for PE in 1Q as we bake in 
potential dividend recaps in portfolio companies. APO announced sales of Brit 
Insurance and Great Wolf in 1Q which we estimate could generate 21c of cash 
carry but we do not expect these to close until 2Q or 3Q. 
CNS Monitoring fee expired in 4Q, drops to zero in 1Q: this drives a 29% 
decline in credit mgmt fee revenues in 1Q15, worth 8c to EPS. We're relatively 
less concerned about this as it's been expected for some time now and does 
not impact cash earnings or the dividend... but presents headline risk to 
reported EPS. 
MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC 
Michael J. Cyprys, CFA, CPA 
Nicholas Stelzner, CFA 
Apollo Global Management LLC ( APO.N. APO US) 
US Asset Managers / United States of America 
Stock Rating 
Industry View 
Price target 
Shr price, close (Mar 31, 2015) 
52-Week Range 
Underweight 
In-Line 
$23.00 
521.60 
$31.59.20.02 
Fiscal Year Ending 
12/14 
12/15e 
12/16e 
12/17e 
ModelWare EPS (5) 
L42 
1.88 
2.15 
2.27 
Prior ModelWare EN 
- 
1.86 
2.07 
2.22 
(5) 
P/E 
16.6 
115 
10.1 
9.5 
Consensus EN (5)$ 
L64 
2.01 
2.25 
Div yld (%) 
12.3 
9.1 
7 
8.1 
Unless oIhonv
 noted, all metes aro haled on Morgan Stant., ModoPNam hamesoik 
f - Conionsus data is peovded by Thomson 00000 it Estmatos 
- Morgan Sochi Research °Imam 
QUARTERLY MOD(LWARE EPS 
2015e 
2015e 
2016e 
2016e 
Quarter 
2014 
Prior 
Current 
Prior 
Current 
Q1 
0.55 
0.38 
0.36 
0.58 
0.60 
Q2 
0.S2 
0.54 
0.56 
0.55 
0.57 
Q3
0.12 
0.42 
0.43 
0.43 
0.45 
Q4
0.23 
0.51 
0.53 
0.51 
0.53 
- Morgan Stan by Research mtmatts 
Morgan Stanley does and seeks to do business with 
companies covered in Morgan Stanley Research. As a result 
investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict 
of interest that could affect the objectivity of Morgan 
Stanley Research. Investors should consider Morgan 
Stanley Research as only a single factor in making their 
investment decision. 
For analyst certification and other important disclosures, 
refer to the Disclosure Section, located at the end of this 
report. 
Founder and significant shareholder lock-ups expired March 29, could 
EFTA00593632
--- PAGE 2 ---
Morgan Stanley 
Apollo Global Management Lit I April 1. 2015 
MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
potentially see insider share sales post black-out period in May: this is 
worth 7.6% of sharecount which could pressure the shares near-term. While 
it's possible none could sell, history suggests partial selling. 
Where we could be wrong: higher than expected divi could be driven by 1) 
dividend recap that may not be reported in the press/loan data services, for 
which we pencil in 3c. 2) greater monetization of APO's GP stake in funds 
beyond the beyond the 4c that we model in 1Q for realized investment 
income, 3) dividend payout greater than 90% of cash earnings using on-
balance sheet cash or funded through debt issuance (which we think is highly 
unlikely), 4) greater than expected management fee-related earnings which we 
estimate at 19c pre-tax, 15c after-tax, 5) greater net realized cash performance 
fees from the credit business which we model at S50m or 12c pre-tax. 
Changes to our Estimates: Lowering 1Q divi by 38% to 30c and lowering 1Q 
EPS estimate by 7% to 36c. Our 2015-16 dividend estimates decline by 
15%/6% to $1.96/$1.88 (that's 6%/13% below cons). 
EFTA00593633
--- PAGE 3 ---
Morgan Stanley 
Apollo Global Management LLC I April 1. 2015 
MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
Apollo Global Management (APO, $21.60, Underweight PT $23) 
Less attractive risk-reward as largely through cash harvesting vs peers; long-term potential in 
unlocking value from Athene but still early days 
S 40 
so 
14.4•13 
500-13 
• geteCams PUY*/ 
MIAMI 
at 
—.AL 
- 
84Q14 
132 001.4590 
160 
$23001•6%) • 
4444.4.0
01600(41 
MM-16 
566-16 
Met-16 
..loonratta:a Percnntet• 
• DSO Omit Pro 
Source: Thomson Reuters. Morgan Stanley Research 
S23 
Based on DCF and sum-of-the-pails; back into implied multiple 
Bull 
S32 
11.3x 2016e Bull Case EPS 
Base 
S23 
10.7x 2016e Base Case EPS 
Bear 
11.1x 2016e Bear Case EPS 
Returns more in-line with historical. Fundraising +50% and 
deployment +25% above base case; (aster Athene asset growth; 
carry taxed as ordinary income. 
Below historical returns with rising allocations to alternatives: 
5% fee-paying AUM CAGR declining pace of harvesting 
investments; ramp to full corp. tax rate in 2019-20. 
Challenging exit and investing environment negative near-
term marks on accrued performance fees, delayed exits; returns 
well below historical average, slower capital deployment and 
weaker fundraising environment; full corp. tax rate in 2018. 
Exhibit 1: Bull to Bear Drivers 
Impact (S/share) 
Bull 32 00 
19 
;
Target 2100 
 Price 
01 
(0 Mt) 
116 
075 
i as 
23 
Bear 15.00 
a
(2.16) 
(0.43) 
(LOP 
r undraising 
Investment 
Investment 
end 
returns 
nOld wade 
allocations 
0,00,_ 
=NEIL 
(1.60) 
LP merest 
Athena 
Tan 
0. 90Yoll 
Why Underweight? 
• Less upside relative to our Overweight stocks, 
driven by Apollo's early cycle skew. We see lower 
cash earnings over the next several years as APO 
harvested its investments earlier than peers (80% 
thru harvesting vs peers at 45-65% thru) which 
leaves less upside at this point in APO's cycle. 
• Athene catalyst longer tailed with IPO 
potentially delayed to 2016 but we would look to 
get more positive as cash monetization 
approaches. 
• Expect lower fundraising at 19% of AUM in 
2015-16 vs. peer average of 30% this drives fee-
paying AUM CAGR of 5% in 2014-17 (below peer 
avg of 11%) 
• Founder and significant shareholder lock-ups 
expire March 29th (worth 7.6% of share count) 
could weigh on the stock near-term 
Key Value Drivers 
• Athene: IPO as early as 4Q15 but most likely in 
2016, resolution of internal control weaknesses, 
strategic actions should accelerate already strong 
asset growth; and shifting earnings profile toward 
fee-related earnings 
• Strategic actions: induding acquisitions to further 
scale the credit and real estate businesses 
Potential Catalysts 
• Stronger fundraising 
• Continued pace of realizations 
• Strategic actions 
• Potential share buybacks 
Risks to Our Price Target 
• Upside: Better FPAuM growth, capital deployment 
accelerates, better returns 
• Downside: declining valuations reduce cash 
earnings (fewer exits or lower multiples); slower 
deployment 
EFTA00593634
--- PAGE 4 ---
Morgan Stanley 
Apollo Global Management LLC I April 1. 2015 
MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
Headwinds for APO 
Declining performance fee (carry) receivable balance: this balance sheet receivable represents the amount 
of performance fees that could be realized in cash if the fund investments were liquidated. During 2014 the 
balance declined from $3.49 in 2013 to $1.31/share with about 70% of the beginning of period balance realized 
in cash in 2014 worth $2.33 to cash earnings. A similar 70% realization rate during 2015 would imply cash 
performance fees of $0.90 in 2015. This suggests downside risk to our $1.39 realized cash performance fee 
estimate (our est implies a 106% realization rate). Deployment in Fund VIII set to pick-up in 2015 (-7% invested 
and almost 20% committed) but realizations are still a few years away. 
Exhibit 2: EOP Gross Performance Fee (Carry) Receivable Balance (SMM) 
2,500 
2,000 
1,867 
1,878 
AA 
2,367 
rJ 
484 
I
289 
454 
1,500 
959 
1,000 
869 
1,868 
—20--
1,578 
196 
1,413 
267 
500 
673 
672 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
■ Private Equity 
Credit ■ Real Estate 
Source. Company Data. Morgan Stanley Research 
EFTA00593635
--- PAGE 5 ---
Morgan Stanley 
Apollo Global Management LLC I April 1, 2015 
MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
Exhibit 3: EOP Net Performance Fee Receivable Balance Per Share vs. Realized Carry Flow Through Rate 
160% 
140% 
120% 
100% 
80% 
60% 
40% 
20% 
0% 
$1.3)' 
27% 
$2.64 
2015E 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
as Realized Carry Flow Through Rate 
Performance Fee (Carry) Receivable Balance (RHS) 
$4.00 
$3.50 
$3.00 
$2.50 
$2.00 
$1.50 
$1.00 
$0.50 
$0.00 
Note Realized carry flow through rate is calculated as the net realized carry for the period as a % of the BOP net performance fee 'carry, receivable 
balance: Source Company Data. Morgan Stanley Research 
Exhibit 4: Net Performance Fee Receivable Balance Per Share Roll Forward 
Net Performance Fee (Carry) Receivable Balance Rollfoward 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015E 
BoP 
$3.41 
$1.39 
$2.64 
$3.49 
$1.31 
Add: Fund Apprec 
($1.10) 
$2.68 
$4.60 
$0.15 
$1.00 
Less: Realized Gain 
($0.92) 
($1.43) 
($3.75) 
($2.33) 
($1.39) 
EoP 
$1.39 
$2.64 
$3.49 
$1.31 
$0.92 
Flow Through Rate (D/o): Represents % of BoP Carry Balance that is Realized 
in Cash 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015E 
Realized Carry 
26.9% 
103.0% 
142.0% 
66.8% 
106.2% 
Total Carry 
-32.3% 
193.5% 
173.9% 
4.3% 
76.2% 
Note Realized carry flow through rile IS calculated as the net realized carry lot the period as a % of the BOP net performance fee Kano receivable 
per share balance: Source: Company Data, Morgan Stanley Research 
Fee-paying AUM outflows in credit net outflows to fee-paying AUM in credit of -$475m in 2014 or -0.5%, 
improved vs outflows of 41.5b in 2013 or -3.1%. In our forward look we expect this stabilizes and build in solid 
growth from Athene. All in, were expecting about -S13b in gross fee-paying inflows in each 2015-16, and on a 
net basis (net of outflows) we're expecting net inflows of $9.2b and $6.1b in 2015-16. Additionally, we're baking 
in $3b of additional sub-advised assets from Athene in each 2015-16. Potential upside to estimates if APO 
successfully scales the newly announced sub-advised relationship with Oppenheimer, but it's still early days and 
details of the product remain light (questions around specific type of credit products, liquidity provisions for 
retail, economics, risk mgmt, etc). 
EFTA00593636
--- PAGE 6 ---
Morgan Stanley 
Apollo Global Management LLC I April 1. 2015 
MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
Exhibit 5: Net Organic Fee-Paying AUM Flows in Credit (8MM) 
2,500 
2,000 
1,500 
1,031 
2,017 
1,000 
500 
(500) 
(444) 
(1,000) 
(1,500) 
(2,000) 
(1,541) 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
(472)
2014 
Note: Net organic flows in credit are calculated by summing the subscriptions/capital raised, distributions and redemptions lines in Mu M roll 
forward table: Source Company Data, Morgan Stanley Research 
Founder and significant shareholder lock-ups expire March 29th: this is worth 7.6% of share count which 
could pressure the shares near-term. While it's possible none could sell, history suggests partial selling. 
CNS Monitoring fee expires in 4Q14, drops to zero in 1Q15: We flag as a headline risk given the magnitude 
with an expected 29% decline in credit management fee revenues in 1Q15. This is worth 8c to 1Q1S EPS. But, 
we're not as concerned about this falling out of the run rate in 1Q1S because it's been expected for sometime 
now and does not impact cash earnings nor the dividend. 
EFTA00593637
--- PAGE 7 ---
Morgan Stanley 
Apollo Global Management LLC I April 1, 2015 
MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
Model Summary 
Exhibit 6: APO Model Summary 
.4. 40 044691 444049•49•44 
NOS 1••••••. 
IlOem 
C••••••••00 
743 
977 
4121 
lN 
/20 
Pr 
Y 
430 
III 
1217 
401
es 
Ian
14.1 
IM 
I II/ 
409 
It) 
Il
21.4 
1.21. 
I». 
123 
•97 
114 
CO 
944 
X0 
140 
7/4 
792 
Pno. ~ow Occrono Ionn 
II MS 
/1•••• 
NI Pane pc••••••8 41.1 1•0•• .4044 
IM
10.4. SIR Cat. 
Deaf 
Ps 00 
Ca/ 48.0. Pm In 
IC ~II 
lÆ 0494441044~ 
Fn 99104,9449444444 090.14.• 199s) 
Idler fa ~IT 
Sner. 
FRF 
~I ~ea 
Flee 
Cap 1••••••••••• kw. 
tr. 
1014 
1311 
4.471. 
PR 
1119
~Ian 
O~0" 
tel. 
P4•50 •0• 10. 0
00.0.100/
p.Ø
hod 'Ins 
34" 
OF I/ 
t4 
4119. 
PI 
MO% 
I 
110% 
91\ 
nn 
.4" 
N" 
W1\ 
2129 
/9 
•1 1% 
09% 
II% 
424% 
01% 
4% 
• Oil% 
.//\ 
U19 
51\ 
4% 
Pao 004 Imp« 
Pews 
0u0% 
2% 
IS% 
1.1 2% 
IIM 
Ih 
1%4 P•40.10.44~ 
10a• 
II 
54M 
L1\ 
9% 
MIN 
MI 
I 3% 
191 
Amp/I 0•441 50..C./0 
10@ 
104 
11% 
1114 
II 
~ire 
PR 044/ 
01) 
44.31/00 
Me 
Ma 
SW 
SIIR 
SI.% 
"nu. 
DIY 
41n 
IM 
I% 
II% 
9% 
III 
2011 
OIM 
/Pi 
øa 
an 
4.72.1% 
43% 
114% 
/194% 
JO I 
.30/ 
.42% 
.4 
$ 310 $ $ Oa $ 1* 
$ IN 
$ 111 $ 121 
~Mahon 
34.1 
a4 
40/ 
4.4 
434 
~la 
114IP.~. 
ton 
• 
101 a >M $ 214 a Il 
$ le 
I 
ON 
Ca nomononan. 
$ 101 $ 
4411 3 24 
$ 311 3 200 $ Il 
latia0/70~ 
• 
flE 
?ID 
331 
074 
304 
IS 
414 
1.o. Mama 
la 
IA" 
1111 
et 
404 
(40 
CP• ~MI 
00/01 
101 
121 
ON 
fr. 
1M 
4(0 
411 
1'L 
IW 
I 
IQ 
f 
I 
On 1011 
0n 
I 
f4 
I 
AI 
• 
On 1
0D I 
Im  I 
It 
Ole I 
024 I 
On 1
0D 10D 
I 
El 
• 
o»a411
9a1 av
l 
Olt $ Ina 
Rana 
> 
w
444 >
 > 
 041 > In 
$ 1» 
$ 
v 
Idly0•40 /143 
Powl000 I. 
• 
EPPA1 
MO 
> ftl 
I 
I 0 
> tin 
I 
11> > 202 
Imrw.4eaawrNlrwa 
CM
Ins /so 
4.• 
4444 
I 0, 4 
474
3.114
738 
750 
v4 
OM 
444
4041
III
011 
IN.
4•112.018~4•149 
n91401 
241 
Y. 
L AI? 
M9 
01% 
M4 
0>/1 
I 4.1 
ON 
IMO
~3 
ISM 
I« 
1)11 
VO
580 
014 
TI 
Oil 
/9 
1054
0/1 
I010 
3.19/3 
201 
3271 
149 
410 
OM. 
31, 
NY4
Il.o.aleamilka•••••••••••040 
la 
NO Wes 
as 
ion.~ 
eall• 
lam is 
10.1 ~
~
3— 
/ 
Il 
I4r111åy.r4r999w 
I* 
11~ 
— 
/40n.~0 
mho aa 
AY ~tare 
anots~ 
—444 
~we 
on. 
An Ca 
cam Iknalla 
444 anet 
14441~4 laa••• 
0~ 
In 
~op 
a 
~Ion In am ~a 
rn.113.1.1aTOA 
4•10-- 
Caldial021.1012.114~1 
—IV 
...natal~ 
con 
~no 
ontano•noan 
L IN 
"—I 
1/021 
1471 
101 
1101 
$37/
1210 
0-11 
». 
• 
OM 5 •411 $ OU 5 ON a 082 • 
OM 
$ 11 
$ 32. $ RI 
$ I27 4 Ill 
$ 411 
& 
• 
$ 42? 4 014 4 tie 
$ 010 $ 110 
Source: Company Data. Morgan Stanley Research 
lei 
fan 
~town
TRY 
(Is CIO/ III.» 
—11" 
P•13.••• 
Covo/ li/0/0/0. 
EPP. 
10,~ 
• 
1/10I Oat / 
/4/00 
Caw rar~ 
(ca. /114 
1/004 / 
11•414. It/ 
• ••••••59 
PM 
OM 
OM 
OM 
OM 
OM 
211% 
OM 
OM 
OM 
OM 
NA 
nm 
mm 
mm 
mm 
mm 
444% 
Ma 
NM 
II 
404 
42014 
OM 
V« 
08% 
VI 
8114 
»a 
AM 
404% 
PM 
OM 
na 
II 
2l>% 
M2% 
MO% 
Nn 
011 
9% 
DM 
>la 
3/ 2% 
3/ 
• 
.11 
41. 
1" 
4.44134.on 
~awn. 
Ohas 
Inn %A.A1 
~
an 
aDnPoa. 
AIM ~1 
Gab 
MOM faara 
0~ 
II001/sW 11~ 
Oaam • IS 
ibrAuld 
Psi now Me Alm 
lo4 nos / inen~ 
100/0(0 
hwarw'91✓.1w«0y9p0Y 
If /1/4 100.0 
/00/84 
o.9Ir..9
1w
4yyel 
310 
499 
410 
w> 
»3 
)0 7 
444 
ICO • 
100 
170 5/ 
12%2 
1 0 
II 
*9 
1110 
I11 
4a0 
004 
076 
W. 
209 
I) 
D3 
»I 
298 
249 
4112 
932 
»I1 
R>I 
III/ 
511 
GI 
>I 
104 
Ifni 
u2 
m0 
no* 
12. 
Ill 
Nl 
Ol• 
4* 
111.1) 
MO 
04.11 
1041 
SI 
OA 
OD 
CM 
*II 
1.0 
rk 
lea 
*a 
tall 
la 
313 
331 
313 
la 
ear 
illaf 
443% 
• III 
la 
of% 
011 
410% 
NJ% 
43% 
/a 
31% 
fa 
11011 
.10% 
•2 1. 
11411 
MR 
4T4% 
41% 
4MI 
Yea 
42% 
iIa 
31% 
la% 
iA 
1.1% 
30% 
IR 
refa 
MI% 
30% 
lR 
6101 
10% 
3.13% 
412% 
20% 
4»4 
1.4% 
MI% 
a% 
04% 
• TM 
*3% 
811% 
II « 
2•11% 
04% 
24% 
74% 
*0% 
71% 
EFTA00593638
--- PAGE 8 ---
Morgan Stanley 
Apollo Global Management LLC I April 1. 2015 
MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
Valuation and Risks 
Alternative Asset Managers: We value the stocks using a sum of the parts valuation supported by a 
discounted cash flow. Our DCF (COE of 11-14%, free cash flow = distributable earnings, terminal growth rate = 
3% and betas benchmarked off BX's 1.6x) captures the long-term value of the business model, while the sum of 
the parts captures some of the shorter-term volatility. For our SOTP, we use 2016 "Core" FRE and apply a 15x 
multiple which is a 1-2 turn premium to traditionals reflecting value in long term locked up capital; apply 12x 
multiple on BDC income share; use DCF to estimate future carry and apply discount rate to represent volatile 
nature of carry; 10% haircut on accrued carry; 10% haircut on B/S assets. 
Apollo Global Management: Upside risks indude better FPAuM growth, accelerated capital deployment and 
better returns. Downside risks: declining valuations reduce cash earnings (fewer exits or lower multiples); 
slower deployment. 
EFTA00593639
--- PAGE 9 ---
Morgan Stanley 
Apollo Global Management LLC I April 1, 2015 
MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
Disclosure Section 
The intimation and opinions in Morgan Stanley Research were prepared by Morgan Stariey & Co. MC, at 
Morgan Stariey C.T.V.M. S.A., and/or 
Mogan Stanley Me/doe, Casa de Boise, S.A. de C.V., and/or Morgan Stanley Canada Limited. As used in this disclosure section, "Morgan Stanley" 
includes Morgan Staley & Co. LLC. Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A., Morgan Stanley Mexico, Casa de Bdsa, S.A. de C.V., Morgan Staley Canada 
United and their affiliates as necessary. 
For important dsdosures, stock price charts and equity rating histories regarding companies that are the subject d this report, please see the Mogan 
Stanley Research Disclosure Wetsite at www.morganstarley.cornfreseardidsdosures, a contact yar investment representatise or Morgan Stariey 
Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention Research Management). NewYak, W, 10036 USA. 
For seriatim methodology and risks agcnni-dted with any price targets referenced in this research report, please contact the Client Support Team as blobs: 
US/Canada 
Hong Kong +862 2848-5999; Latin America 
(US.% London +44 (0)20-7425-8169: Singapore +65 6834-693Q 
Sydney +61 (0)2-9770-1505; Tokyo +81 (0)36836-90w. Atternatisely you may contact yar indastment rep esentative a Morgan Stanley Research at 1585 
Broadway, (Attention: Research Management), New Yak, NY 10036 USA. 
Analyst Certification 
The fdlcming analysts hereby certify that their dews about the companies aid their vacuities discussed in this report are accurately expressed and that 
they have not retailed and will not mese direct a indeed compensation in exchange for expressing specific recommendations a sieves in this report: 
Mchael Cyprys. 
Unless otherwise stated, the indsiduals listed on the caw page of this repot are research analysts. 
Global Research Conflict Management Policy 
Mogan Staley Research has been published in accordance with cur conlict management policy, ssilch is aeilade at 
www.maganstanley.com/institutionaVresearchroonftictpolicies. 
Important US Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies 
As of Februay 27, 2015, Mogan Stanley beneficialy owned 1% a more eta class of common equity securities of the following companies coated in 
Mogan Stariey Research: Apollo Global Management LLC, BlackRock Inc., KKR & CO. LP., Oaktree Capital Group. LLC. The Blackstone Group L.P.. 
The Carlyle Group LP., WisdamTree Insestrients. Inc.. 
Within the last 12 months. Morgan Stanley managed a comanaged a public casing (or 144A offering) dsecuities cf Apollo Global Management LLC. 
Ares Management, L.P., Franklin Resources Inc.. Insesco. KKR & CO. L.P., Legg Mason Inc.. Oaktree Capital Group, LLC. CM Asset Management Plc. 
The Blackstone Group LP.. The Carlyle Group LP.. 
Within the last 12 morths. Morgan Stanley has received canpensation for insestment banking senices from Apollo Global Management LLC, Ares 
Management. LP.. BlackReck Inc., Franklin Resources Inc., blase°. KKR & CO. LP., Legg Mason Inc.. Oaktree Capital Group, LLC, CM Asset 
Management Plc. The Blackstone Group L.P., The Carlyle Group LP.. Virtus Indastment Partners Inc.. 
In the next 3 months. Morgan Stanley expects to recehe a intends to seelc compensation for investment banking senices from AllianceBernstein Holding 
LP., Apollo Global Management LLC. Ares Management, LP., BladcRcck Inc.. Franklin Resources Inc., Inesco, KKR & CO. LP., Legg Mason Inc., 
LPL Insestment Holcfings Inc., Oaktree Capital Group, LW, OM Asset Management Plc, I Rase Price Group, Inc.. The Blackstone Group LP., The Carlyle 
Group LP., Virtus Investment Partners Inc.. Waddell & Reed Financial Inc. WisdomTree Insestments, Inc.. 
Within the last 12 maths. Morgan Stanley has received compensation fix predicts and senices ether than investment tanking sconces from 
AttianceBernsteinliadng LP.. Apollo Global Management LLC. Ares Management, LP.. BlackRock Inc., Federated Imestas, Inc.. Franklin Resources 
Inc., Imesco, Janus Capital Group Inc.. KKR & CO. LP., Legg Mason Inc.. LPL Imestment Holdings Inc., Oaktree Capita Group, LLC, OM Asset 
Management Plc, T. Rave Price Group. Inc., The Blackstone Group LP., lie Carlyle Group LP., Virtus Investment Partners Inc., Waddell & Reed 
Financial Inc, WisdomTree Investments. Inc.. 
Within the last 12 months. Morgan Stanley has presided or is poking inastment banking sauces to, or has an investment banldng client relationship 
with the blotting company: AllanceBemstein Holding LP.. Apollo Global Management I1C. Ares Management, L.P., BlackRock Inc.. Franklin 
Resources Inc., hewn KKR & CO. LP., Leg Mason Inc., LPL Insestmentl-bldngs Inc., Oaktree Capital Group, LLC, OM Asset Management Plc, T. 
Rowe Price Group. Inc., The Blackstone Group LP., The Carlyle Group LP.. Virtus Investment Partners Inc., Waddell & Reed Financial Inc, WrsdomTree 
Insestments, Inc.. 
Within tie last 12 months. Morgan Stanley has either presided or is praiding non-insestment tanking, securities-related senices to andla in the past has 
entered into en agreement to proAde sates or has a client relationship with the following company: AllianceBemstein Holding LP., Apollo Global 
Management LLC, Ares Management. LP.. BlackReck Inc., Federated blasters, Inc., Franklin Resources Inc.. base). Janus Capital Group Inc., KKR & 
CO. LP., Legg Mason Inc.. LPL Inastment Holdings Inc.. Oaktree Capital Group. LLC, OM Asset Management Plc. T. Rowe Price Group. Inc., The 
Blackstone Group LP., The Carlyle Group LP., Virtus Imestment Partners Inc., Waddell & Reed Financial Inc. WisdomTree Imestments, Inc.. 
Mogan Stariey & Co. LLC makes a market in the securities d AJlianceBernsteinl-bldng LP., Apollo Global Management LLC, BlackRock Inc., 
Federated Insestas, Inc., Franklin Resources Inc.. Irnesca Janus Capital Group Inc., KKR & CO. L.P., Legg Mason Inc., LPL Investment I-bldngs Inc.. 
Oaktree Capital Group, LLC, I Rase Price Group, Inc.. The Blackstone Group LP.. The Carlyle Group LP., Virtus Irnestment Partners Inc., Waddell & 
Reed Financial Inc, VVisdoniTree knestrnents. Inc.. 
The equity research analysts a strategsts principally responsible for the preparation d Morgan Stariey Research have received compensation based upon 
serious factors, including quality of research invests client feedback. stock picking, competithe &tors, firm revenues aid entail investment banldng 
revenues. 
Morgan Staley and its affiliates do business that relates to companies/instruments coned in Morgan Staley Research. including market making, 
poking lieudity and specialized trafing, risk arbitrage and other proprietary tracing, find maregement, commercial banking. extension of credit, 
investment senices and insestmert banking. Morgan Stanley sells to and buys from customers the securitiesfinstrumerts d companies cowed in Morgan 
Staley Research on a pincipal basis. Morgan Stanley may have a position in the debt of the Company a instruments discussed in this report. 
Certain dsclosures listed atom are also for compliance with applicable regulations in ron-IJS jurisdictions. 
STOCK RATINGS 
Mogan Stanley uses a relative rating system using terms such as Cnerweiglt, Equalmeight, Not-Rated a Underweight (see definitions below). Morgan 
Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, Hold a Sell to the stocks we coat. Oameight, Equalmeight. Not-Rated and Underweight are not the equivalent of 
buy, hold and sell. Imestas should carefirly real the defiritions of all ratings used in Morgan Staley Research. In addition, since Morgan Stanley 
Research contains more complete information concerning the analyst's stews, investors should carefully read Morgan Staley Research. in its eatery, ad 
not infer the contents from the rating alone. In any case, ratings (a research) should not be used or relied upon as investment advice. An investor's decision 
to buy or sell a stock should depend on individual circumstances (such as the inasta's existing holdings) and other considerations. 
Global Stock Ratings Distribution 
(as of March 31, 2015) 
For disclosure purposes only (in accordance with NASD and NYSE requirements), we include the category headings of Buy, Hold, and Sell alongside our 
ratings d Oarweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated aid Undemeight. Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, Hold a Sell to the stocks we caper. 
Overweight. Equal-milt Not-Rated ad Underweight are not the equivalent of buy, hold, and sell but represent recommended relative weightings (see 
definitions below). To satisni regulatory requirements. we correspond Oadvitight, ar most positive stock rating, with a buy recommendation; we command 
EFTA00593640
--- PAGE 10 ---
Morgan Stanley 
Apollo Global Management LLC I April 1, 2015 
MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
[goal-ought ard N -Rated to hold and Underweight to sell recommendations. respect*. 
COVERAGE UNIVERSE 
INVESTMENT BANKING CUENTS QBC) 
STOCK RATING CATEGORY 
COUNT 
% OF TOTAL 
COUNT 
% OF TOTAL 
% OF RATING 
IBC 
CATEGORY 
Overweight/Buy 
1164 
35% 
331 
43% 
28% 
Equal-weight/Hold 
1466 
44% 
353 
46% 
24% 
Not-Rated/Hold 
100 
3% 
1% 
11% 
Undenneight/Sell 
605 
18% 
10% 
13% 
TOTAL 
3,335 
775 
Data include common stock and ADFts sunnily assigned ratings. Inwstmert Banking Clients are companies from Mom Morgan Stanley remised 
imestment barking compensation in the last 12 months. 
Analyst Stock Ratings 
aerveight (O). The stoc's tots return is expected to exceed the awrage total return of the analyst's industry (cr industry team's) overage unhase, on a 
risk-adjusted basis. over the next 12-18 months. 
Equalmeight (E). The stock's total velum is expected to be in line with the awage total return d the analyst's industry (a industry team's) coverage 
unherse, an a risk-aciusted basis. ow the ned 12-18 months. 
Not-Rated (hR). Curretly the analyst does not hae adequate comicticn about the stock's total return relative to the awage total return of the analysts 
industry (a industry team's) cowrage unherse, an a risk-aclusted basis, ow( the next 12-18 months. 
Underweight (U). The stock's total retail is expected to be below the aerage total return of the analyst's industry (a industry teams) co
 unverso. co 
a risk-aciusted basis, ow the next 12-18 maths. 
Unless otherwise specified, the time frame fix price targets included in Morgan Stanley Research is 12 to 18 months. 
Analyst Industry Views 
Attract* (A): The analyst expects the perk:mance d his a let' industry covamge unherse oiler the next 12-18 months to be attracthe %.s. the relevant 
broad market benchmark. as indcated below. 
In-Line (I): The analyst expects the periormanoe of his a her industry courage whose ow the next 12-18 months to be in line with the rely ent broad 
market benchmark, as indicated taw 
Cautious (C): The analyst Jews the performance of his a her industry coverage unkerse ow the next 12-18 months with caution is. the releent broad 
market handwork, as indicated below. 
Benchmarks fa each region ae as follows: North America - S&P 500 Latin America - relevant MSCI country index a MSCI Latin America Index: Europe -
MSCI Europe; Japan - T0PM Asia - relevant MSCI country index or MSCI sub -regional index a MSCI AC Asia Pacific ex Japan Index. 
Stock Price, Price Target and Rating History (See Rating Definitions) 
Apollo Global Management LLC (AP0.N) - As of 3/31/15 in US0 
Industry : US Asset Managers 
)0 
03/•1 
43/01 
0341 
2012 
3 
4 
Stock Rating Nistoryl 3/1/12 I NA/I) 9/11/13 
12/15/14 1 u/I 
•E/I 
•PKV1 
4,11A/I 
LOMA 
•E/I 
4_0/I 
•U 
NA 
NA 
—.—.—a-
•~•~ 
.-....,, 
. 
re 
r  
I
..-e-----
Pl IAIMI
JIJIAISIOINIDI
JIF 
MIAIMIJIJIAISIOINI
CI I )I
f 
MI AIMI JI JIAISIOINIDI 
) IE 
nl 
Price Test History! 9/11/13 I 33) 11/13/13 
3/12/15 1 23 
Source: Morgan Stanley Research 
Stock Price (Not Covered by Current Analyst) — Stock Price (Covered by Current Analyst)Im 
Stock and Industry Ratings (abbreviations below) appear as • Stock Rating/ Industry View 
Steck Ratings: Overweight (0) Equal-weight (E) Underweight (V) Not-Rated (NR) 
Ito Rating Available (NA) 
Industry View: Attractive (A) 
In-line (I) 
Cautious (C) 
No Rating (SR) 
Effective January 13. 2014. the stocks covered by Morgan Stanley Asia Pacific will be rated relative to the analyst's industry 
(or industry teare•) coverage. 
03/41 
2015 
0/I) 11.45/13 t C/I) 1/16/14 I WI) 2/24/14 I C/I) 5/12/14 1 INI/1) 
34) 1/14/14 1 NA) 2/24/14 
34) 5/1244 I NA) 12/15/14 I 24) 
Date Format : MR/DO/YY 
Price Target u• 
No Price Target Assigned (MA) 
Effective January 13. 2014. the industry view benchmarks for Morgan Stanley Asia Pacific are as follows: relevant MSCI country 
index or MSCI sub-regional index or MSCI AC Asia Pacific ex Japan Index. 
EFTA00593641
--- PAGE 11 ---
Morgan Stanley 
Apollo Global Management LLC I April 1, 2015 
MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
Important Disclosures for Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC Customers 
Important &closures regarding the relationship between the companies that are the subject d Morgan Staley Research and Morgan Stanley Smith 
Barney LLC a Morgan Stanley or any of their affiliates. are mailable cn the Morgan Stanley Wealth Management &closure website at 
www.maganstanley.com/onlinaresearchasclosures. For Morgan Stanley specific disclosures, you may refer to 
www.maganstanley.cominnearchdiscloares. 
Each Morgan Stanley Eqtity Research report is retwed and appeased cnberialf of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. This review and tame! is 
conducted by the sane person who maws the Equity Research report on behalf of Morgan Stanley. This could create a conflict of interest 
Other Important Disclosures 
Wigan Staley & Co. Intematiaral PLC aid its affiliates have a significant financial interest in the debt secuitiesdBlackRook Inc., Franklin Resources 
Inc., Janis Capital Group hc., Legg Masco Inc., OM Asset Management Plc. 
Morgan Staley is not acting as a muicipal after and the opinions or dews contained herein are not intended to be, aid do not constitute, taw within 
the meaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Canumer Protection Act. 
Morgan Staley produces an equity research product called a "Tactical Idea." Viehs contained in a -Tactical Idea" on a particular stock may be ccntrary to 
the recommendations a wows expressed in research on the sane stock. This may be the result d differing time horizon, methodologies. market events, or 
ether factors. For all research availade on a particular stock, please contact your sales rep esentatne or go to Matrix at 
http/Avww.maganstariey.comfmatrix. 
Wigan Staley Research is provided to ar clients through as prcprietary research portal on Matrix and also distributed electrcrically by Morgan Stanley 
to clients. Certain, but not NI, Morgan Stanley Research products are also made available to clients through thirdparty and= or redistributed to clients 
through alternate electrcric means as a camenione. For access to all available Morgan Staley Research, please contact your sales representathe or go 
to Matrix at httpl/www.morganstanley.com/matrix. 
My access andra use d Morgan Stanley Research is abject to Morgan Stanley's Terms of Use (httplAwmunagenstanley.comftermsitra). By 
accessing axtfor using Morgan Staley Research, you are indicating that you have read aid agree to be bound by our Terms of Use 
(Itta/Mwamorganstanley.00rNterms.htrri). h edition you consent to Morgan Staley pm-Pacing you personal data and using cookies in accordance 
with ar Privacy Policy and our Gabel Cookies Policy (http://www.morganstaNey.comrpivacy_pledge.html). inducing fa the purposes of setting yar 
preferences and to collect readership data so that we can deliver better aid more personalized service and products to you. To find oil mere information 
abet how Morgan Stanley processes personal data, haw we use cookies and hoer to reject cookies see our Privacy Policy and ar Global Cookies Policy 
(tta/Avww.morganstanley.comprivacy_pledadirri). 
If you do not agree to air Terms of Use ancVa if you do not wish to amide your consent to Mogan Staley processing your personal data or using cookies 
please do not access our research 
Morgan Staley Research does not prorde inchickally tailored imestment elks. Morgan Stanley Research has been prepared without regard to the 
circumstances and objectives of those who recene it. Morgan Staley recommends that investors independently ealuate particular iniestments and 
strategies, and encouriges Masters to seek the advice of a financial adiser. The appropriateness of an imestment a strategy will depend on an intesta's 
circumstances and objectives. The securities, instruments, a strategies discussed in Mogan Staley Research may not be suitable for all ireestas, ad 
certain invastas may not be eligible to purchase or participate in sane or all of them. Morgan Staley Research is not en offer to buy a sell a the 
solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security/instrunent or to participate in any particular trading strategy. The alue of and income from you 
imestments may vary because of changes in interest rates. foreign exchange rates. default rates, prepayneit rates, secuities/inshuments prices, market 
indexes. operational or financial ocnciticrs dcanpanies or other factors. There may be time limitations on the exercise of °plan or other rights in 
securities/instruments transactions. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance. Estimates of future performance are based cn 
assumptions that may not be realized. If prodded, and unless otherwise stated, the closing price on the toss page is that of the primary exchange for the 
subject company's securities/instruments. 
The fixed income research analysts. strategists or economists principally responsible fa the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received 
compensation based Lp0fiVilliCUS factors. inducing quality, accuracy and value of research, firm profitability or (moues (which include fixed income tracing 
and capital markets profitability a revenues), client feedbadc and competitive factors. Focal koala Research analysts', strategists' or economists' 
compensation is not !irked to investment tearing a capital markets transactian performed by Morgan Stanley a the profitability a revenues cf particular 
tracing desks. 
The 'Important US Regulatory Disclosures en Stitt Companies' section in Morgan Stanley Research lists all comparies mentioned there Morgan 
Staley a'as 1% or more of a class of common equity securities of the companies. Fa all other corrparies mentioned in Morgan Stanley Research. 
Mogan Staley may hate at imestment of less than 1% in secuitiesfinstruments a deriatkes of securities/instruments of ccnpanies and may trade them 
in ways different from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Employees of Morgan Stanley not imbed in the preparation of Morgan Stanley 
Research may has imestments in securitiesfinstruments or derivatives of securitieshnstruments of companies mentioned and may trade them in ways 
different from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Derivatives may be issued by Morgan Stanley or associated person. 
With the exception of information regarding Morgan Stanley, Macon Stanley Research is based on pudic information Morgan Stanley makes eery effort to 
use retitle. ccmprehensiva information. but we make no representation that it is accurate a canplete. We here no odigaticn to tell you when opinions or 
information in Morgan Stanley Research change apart horn when we intend to &continue equity research =cage d a subject canpany. Facts and wens 
presented in Morgan Stanley Research haw not been reviewed by, and may not reflect information known to, professiorets in other Morgan Stanley 
business areas, inducing investment balking personnel. 
Morgan Staley Research personnel may participate in company events such as site tits and are generally prohibited from accepting payment by the 
compary of associated expenses triers pre-approved by authorized members of Research management. 
Morgan Starkly may make investment decisions a take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report. 
To ar readers in Taiwan: Infomation on sectritiesfinstrumerts that trade in Taiwan is distributed by Morgan Staley Taiwan United ('MS11?). Such 
intonation is fix yar reference ally. The reader staid independently evaluate the investment risks and is solely responsible for their imestment decisions. 
Mogan Stanley Research may not be distributed to the public media or quoted or used by the public media without the express written consent d Morgan 
Staley. Ir formation on seasitiesfinstruments that do not trade in Taiwan is fa informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a reammendation 
a a solicitation to trade in such secuities/instrtments. MSIL may it  execute transactions for clients in these secuities/instruments. To our readers in 
Hong Kong: Information is distributed in Hong Kong by and on behalf of. and is altritutade to, Morgan Stanley Asia Limited as pat of its regulated activities 
in Hong Kong. If you have any males concerring Morgan Staley Research, please contact our Hong Kong sales representatives. 
Morgan Staley is not incorporated at PRC lam aid the research in relation to this report is ccnducted outside the PRC. Morgan Stanley Research does 
not constitute an offer to sell a the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC. PRC reed= shall hate the relevant qualifications to inmost in 
such securities and shall be responsible for obtaining all relevant appalls. liCOnSeS, varifications andfor registrations from the relevart goemnental 
audacities themselves. 
Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated in Brazil by Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. SA; in Japan by Morgan Stanley MLFG Securities Co.. Ltd aid. for 
Cannodties related research reports only, Morgan Stanley Capital Gap Japan Ca. Ltd in Hong Kong by Morgan Stanley Asia United (which accepts 
responsibility for its contents) and by Bank Morgan Stanley AG, Hong Kong Branch; in Singapore by Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Pte. (Registration 
inter 1992062382) andra Mogan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd (Registration number 2C0008434H). regulated by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (which accepts legal responsibility fa its cartels aid should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, a in comecticn with. 
Morgan Staley Research) aid by Bat Morgan Stanley AG, Singapore Branch (Registration number T11FCO207F); in Australia to "wholesale clients" 
within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley Australia Limited A.B.N. 67 CO3 734 576, holder of Australian financial services 
license No. 233742, which accepts responsibility for its contorts; in Australia to "wholesale clients" aid "retail clients' within the meaning d the Australian 
Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 556, holder of Australian financial services license No. 
I I 
EFTA00593642
--- PAGE 12 ---
Morgan Stanley 
Apollo Global Management LLC I April 1. 2015 
MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
240813, vdtich accepts responsibility for its extents; in Korea by Morgan Stanley & Co International plc, Seoul Branch; in India by Morgan Stanley Inda 
Company Rhete Limited in Indonesia by PT Morgan Staley Asia Indonesia in Canada by Mogan Staley Canada Limited, which has approved of and 
takes resporsitility for its contents in Canada; in Germany by Morgan Stanley Bank AG, Frankfurt an Main and Morgan Stanley Private Wealth 
Management United, Niederlassung Deutschland. regulated by Bundesanstat fuer Finanzdenstleistungsaufsictt (BaFin); in Spain by Morgan Stanley, 
S.V., S.A., a Morgan Stanley grap company, which is supenised by the Spanish Securities Markets Commission (CNN) and states that Morgan Stanley 
Research has been written and distributed in accordance with the flies of ccnduct applicable to financial research as established under Sparish 
regulations: in the US by Morgan Staley & Co. LLC, which acrerts responsibility fx its contents. Morgan Stanley & Co. Internaticna plc, authorized by 
the Prudential Regulatory Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudertial Regulatory Autherity. disseminates in the LK 
research that it has prepared. and approes solely for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Sates and Markets Act ZOO. research which has been 
prepared by any of its affiliates. Morgan Stanley Prnate Wealth Management United, authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, also 
thssesninates Morgan Stanley Research in the UK. Private LK irnestas should obtain the advice of their Morgan Staley & Ca International plc a Morgan 
Stanley Private Wealth Management represertativa about the investments concerned. FtMB Mogan Staley (Proprietary) United is a member of the JSE 
Limited and regulated by the Financial Senrices Board in South Africa Mt Morgan Stanley (Pnaprietay) Limited is a jcint wafture owned equally by 
Mogan Staley INernatienal I-lacings Inc. and RMB IrnestmeN Advisory (Proprietary) Limited. which is whdly awed by FirstRand Limited. 
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being ccmmunicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (DIFC Branch), regulated by the Cuba 
Financial Services Authority (the CFSA), and is directed at Professional Clierts ally, as defined by the DFSA. The financial products or financial settees to 
which this research relates will only be made available to a customer who we are satisfied meets the regulatory criteria to be a Professional Client. 
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (QFC Branch). regulated by the Qatar 
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority (the QFCRA). and is directed at business customers and market onuntemarties cnly and is not intended fx Retail 
Customers as defined by the QFCRA. 
As required by the Capita Markets Board of Turkey. irnestment intemation comments and recommerdatias stated here, are not vrithin the scope of 
irnestment advisory acthity. laestrront advisory senice is provided exclusnely to pesos based on their risk aid interne preferences by the authorized 
firms. Comet and reocmrrendatias stated here are general in naive. These cpinicrs may net it to you financial status, risk and return preferences. 
Fa this reason, to make an irnestment decision by relying solely to this Won  ion stated here may not bring about outcomes that fit yar expectations. 
The trademarks and senice narks contained in Morgan Stanley Research are the property of their respective owners. Third-pary data paiders make no 
warranties or representaticrs relating to the accuracy, completeness. a timeliness of the data they provide and shall not bane liability for any damages 
relating to such data The Global Industry Classificatiai Standard (GICS) was daeloped by and is the exd ushe property of MSG and S&P. Morgan Staley 
Research a patens d it may not be reprinted, sold a rectstributed without the written consent of Morgan Stanley. 
Mogan Staley Research. a any pi:dim thereof may not be reprinted sold or redistributed without the written consent of Morgan Stanley. 
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: US Asset Managers 
CONPANICTICKM) 
RA11NG(AS an 
PACE' (03/3112015) 
Cyprys CFA, CPA, Michael J. 
Apollo Sobel Management LLC (APO.N) 
U (12/15/2014) 
$21.60 
hes Management L.P. (ARES.N) 
E(121152014) 
$18.54 
KKR &CO. L.P. (10C.R.N) 
0(12/152014) 
$22.81 
Oaktree Capital Group. LLC(01101) 
002/15/2014) 
$51.66 
The Blackstone Group L.P. (BXN) 
0(12/152014) 
$38.89 
The Cadge Group L.P. (CGO) 
E (12/152014) 
$27.10 
Grass& CFA, Betsy L 
BackRock Inc. (BLKN) 
0(05/12/2014) 
$365.84 
Franklin Resources Inc. (BEN.N) 
E(05/122014) 
$51.32 
kbesco (IVZN) 
0E(11/182014 
(05/122014) 
$39.69 
CMAsset Management c
MN) 
(OMF
$18.64 
T. Rowe Rice croup.Inc,Fl (MONO) 
E (06/122014) 
$80.98 
Whitehead CFA, Thomas 
FilianceBemstein Holding L.P. (AB.N) 
E(05/122014) 
$30.87 
Federated 'mantes. Inc. (RI.N) 
U (05/122014) 
$33.89 
Janus Capital Group Inc. (JNS.N) 
E (09/292014) 
$17.19 
Legg Mason Inc. (LMN) 
E(05/122014) 
$55.20 
LPL hnestment Holdings Inc. (LPLAO) 
E(05/122014) 
$43.86 
Wass Irhestment Partners Inc. (\RTSO) 
E (05/122014) 
$130.77 
Waddell & Reed Rnancial Inc (VVDR.N) 
E (05022014) 
$49.54 
ViatsdomTree kwestments, Inc. (WETF.0) 
0(061092014) 
$21.46 
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Reese see latest research for each company. 
• listaical prices are not split adjusted. 
C; 2015 Morgan Stanley 
EFTA00593643

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593644.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593644.pdf
----------------------------------------
COFFEY BURLINGTON 
Miami, Florida 33133 
Telephone: 
Telefax: 
Federal Tax Id 20-8132056 
Alan M. Dershowitz 
Jane Doe v. USA 
Page: 1 
14/2015 
ACCOUNT NO: 
STATEMENT NO: 
01/02/2015 BB 
Meetings and initial review of latest file concerning Jane Doe 
filing; review of docket; research into intervention by non-party. 
KJF Confer regarding research on right to intervene; research 
regarding right to intervene and/or move to strike based on 
reputation injury; prepare form declaration for client; emailing 
regarding same. 
KBC Analysis and planning motion for intervention, review of issues 
concerning striking of pleading 
HOURS 
1.70 
680.00 
4.90 1,470.00 
1.50 
825.00 
01/03/2015 BB 
Edits to motion to intervene; further research into intervention 
by non-parties. 
2.50 1,000.00 
KBC Analysis of latest developments, email exchanges, drafting etc. 
1.50 
825.00 
01/04/2015 BB 
Meetings re motion to intervene; further edits to same; edits to 
bar referral letter; emails to legal team re intervention; Mr. 
Scott, and Mr. Weinberg. 
5.80 2,320.00 
KBC Follow up analysis, emails, etc. on intervention, striking, 
allegation 
1.50 
825.00 
01/05/2015 JBC Conference regarding options; Draft Motion to intervene, research 
related legal and factual issues and review Jane Doe pleading 
referencing client, 
3.50 1,750.00 
BB 
Calls and emails with team re intervention motion; edits to 
Dershowitz declaration; further edits to intervention motion; 
filing of same. 
5.40 2,160.00 
KBC Review, analysis, dozens emails comments, finalizing motion to 
intervene 
1.90 1,045.00 
01/06/2015 KJF Call regarding research assignment; research regarding conflict of 
interest based on related transactions of matters. 
5.30 
N/C 
GG 
reviewed INSIDE EDITION photograph; email corr re same; legal 
research re rights of publicity, defamation and misappropriation 
of commercial identity; drafted demand letter to INSIDE EDITION 
and KING WORLD PRODUCTIONS, email corr w/client re same; reviewed 
motion for limited intervention; email corr w/client re 
declaration. 
5.30 2,120.00 
01/07/2015 KJF Read and analyze case law regarding disqualification of counsel 
for conflict of interest. 
01/09/2015 GG 
phone conference re strategy; phone conference w/Prof Dershowitz 
re supplemental filing; email corr w/client re NPA. 
01/11/2015 GG 
reviewed Marty Weinberg's draft Supplement to Motion to Intervene, 
reviewed and revised same; email corr w/client re same. 
3.60 
N/C 
0.50 
200.00 
1.80 
720.00 
EFTA00593644
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page: 2 
Alan M. Dershowitz 
01/14/2015 
ACCOUNT NO: 
STATEMENT NO: 
Jane Doe v. USA 
HOURS 
01/12/2015 GG 
Further work on revising, getting comments and filing supplement 
KBC 
to motion for initial intervention 
Further review and analysis concerning analyzing motion for 
2.40 
960.00 
limited intervention 
2.40 1,320.00 
FOR CURRENT SERVICES RENDERED 
42.60 18,220.00 
COURTESY DISCOUNT 
-2,733.00 
Net Fees after Courtesy Discount 
15,487.00 
RECAPITULATION 
TIMEKEEPER 
HOURS HOURLY RATE 
TOTAL 
Kendall B. Coffey 
8.80 
$550.00 
$4,840.00 
Jeffrey B. Crockett 
3.50 
500.00 
1,750.00 
Gabriel Groisman 
10.00 
400.00 
4,000.00 
Kim Freedman 
4.90 
300.00 
1,470.00 
Benjamin Brodsky 
15.40 
400.00 
6,160.00 
TOTAL CURRENT WORK 
15,487.00 
BALANCE DUE 
$15,487.00 
EFTA00593645
--- PAGE 3 ---
COFFEY BURLINGTON 
Alan M. Dershowitz 
PREVIOUS BALANCE 
Jane Doe v. USA 
Miami, Florida 33133 
Telephone: 
Telefax: 
Federal Tax Id 20-8132056 
Page: 1 
01/14/2015
ACCOUNT NO: 
FEES 
EXPENSES 
ADVANCES 
PAYMENTS 
BALANCE 
0.00 
15,487.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
$15,487.00 
EFTA00593646

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593647.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593647.pdf
----------------------------------------
10/04/12 
01:09 
PM 
via VSI-FAX 
Page 1 of !FE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
I. IMMIX« Cakes Janata Ist he Ne red an tatty 
aranall/ mad thinailr'a ad Veda 
~eta he seas ad in god tit 
ad that re ted arote bat use Ott thy 30C0I~S ri duly 
broad ha «tat pia lo use rid nclf/ Deal d ary tads 
2. REPLACEMENT Cf IMLAPICTORNO =RENT. Die etmert bates endear teaal as
 et 
rana) tat, Otte agrees to ~hue use ad try Nat ex: a rote Ire eta. AD anla eatert 
h ged taro ate date Cake ar 
teat 
kr ley naval a corturibl ant tad ty dap 
aorta. 
VillARANTIES THERE ME NO WARRAP4115 OF liEFICHNITANUTT OR DRIES& EDO ECORESSED C. 
ItELECTME E NO WINW4lYTHATTiE EOUFIAINT IS SITED FOR CUSTMERS INTENDED LE:EDEMA 
rnsnamou ors 
0. IMENNEEDION Curare tea b =WC ri bila d at rah Daterharleaskt Pran/ Dirt ad Pat 
fret rcA6ladenaddanwmenMr.leedLynØadaashgoddDealerseaphewpe. 
Len ea Inert ed dercl lever mad ad et tot bras In ry ard N drhe aØ as 
anedid& ode eases ate arc 'atilt hate aneras be ea (1) Retie biluyo b dshrdlmd 
pope" ortadal irjw 
*kris& Swam a aada d arypewtducirg e-pbsaes ad kw). an142)Pre maid 
ty a datedbecased n Nara heat b/n rated bat hereh or byte lab* a art (nano sat 
dean Cray a acceded <I lessa is arts a entitle  a aryne a ate at ay deem rate tide The 
pea agree tire Isa rMrysklitartpratY brats at cans la re adage gam align* a 
NNW. ~a 
areal retrial die New 
Lan it" at b art cal a urn& Sit Ina eira el auk a gotta trintlty net in Wit 
It:seated attar art letsa JP alegto be lada a matte as a melds, arises ad d trettert 
ary alleged ada tat 
ty Wax aidlessee at be falardtoraHe b ål code eats ard alharels bas 
hand n st Diet ant sett. tartar drer fasciae Ina erollrot men acit Is carrenced add 
lessas apt lessa repted to &adder! actir on is ~Walt 
lessee weal eel ante it kr PICC611 
46/ISSI ra il4166/164 hans W WWI w ACT Mr« 
The pan astral h rotted Dees k
yta istricat rears eireeD603,CO3.01 
FICHETED USES Used the ealkrnil in hi elan; carnet is tided a-decant a breach c/ 
wad. fal bet Regal Ptee a bawl ant Rase *ate earn es r etc wan isms" Dridta 
ted «arts 
(ct lAe *tone Ow an Qatar a t Debts. slag (tan~ 
(4 
Lee å ry Iran crew IN,n te at. Iteted Dare and 04444 mar pent, tes not at b nth 
ersio-rel 
& A59O7LEH1& SUBLEASES AID LONE OF COUP/ANT. Ott saiassa 
ails ant aural rat 
Care(scrsert at ailønitlmdtyal ~sea 
Cate raga tea atria eta« rat 
Cidillt4teer PlunS.31 
ant want ry Ctn./ 6 63d 
7.11E OF PEFUNt Cartes al 
pasessoserrentes cede EXICSCA re rani peatituelni cate &Net 
ard art 
oat 
at His tree cciteles a ratter 
seaman. The lea eta deb wit 
Myatt rid trait 
aged tor wain) 
& LaE RETURN. Otter ageis to ranee tat ads diero Deab's 604 te ran Lit end at re 
tert too /Due 
clie 6 Dn. Can ran laths tried accos am red bard the eaten d n wital 
peatfle er date & time asdreamt here calia he day rale as inted ante cand sla be n agreed 
area al tan trearlettixt rdretesiardid tare peL•dctåa
a DAMAGEll CRT( OR LOSTEOUNIENT. Custer age so pet wy atela a as al he got as ar nut. 
tripes 3 ten era ~at 
weiv ad ta (Atli ett an as at d tie Delessin d ID Order. Oat 
eel agree t pi/ a nett 
tad 
b nand tent My Arad tad ate and be arlin 
ant the NON» a ot ret ot tat 
al a ~gads Ern 
la ten tan beat rilt 
sill be paid br erased b pipe The owl d ters ai be banu by te Oat. ~Mr sand *he Dada 
a E Dan radicr. a  dhars. 
la TIE OF FUMED Amara are at ad tide alter nerd ea tat rierba A car" tat d IS% ter 
rirontSRAECF INRI 
a nadir al ovate accords 
11. COLLECRON EMMACOSTS Ott 
tee b t/ a matt coast\ are/sireC0W be$ ird Set 
steer hat in re «reir d n thy" a inercurnee a DeekA Nth errs he weed Darns WIII/1 
the n agernerl kb te pant text net d Ite Sted Rab1 adlhta legalact is Intl lonaceltis 
tiered. eat Fah Bet Op" Flat ad be he aster rd lea at 
at ten Wass attain:I 
tyDedet aro Cat« al a Wet ire 
12. FEKSEDSOL LØ Matt raft a *et ash d his coat Dear mairairrieletrisccracadble 
putt 
el at trove le gat tan ~en he/ are and Let at it apt 5raa rd be lade a ay densta 
dart a test a/toad% rent' data 
19. RERECTON CFMAILER IRMA Cuaara crania het he hakr mad radar ad sal* din Mae 
lea" Dads Mars Ott 
Ne 
b raped Neaten talk 
1C0 ant aro lo fl
ee 
tad ad &en e a sate ad set cant 
IMAGETO WIPERS Dean is rce lade la eta lo Oaten Wan a trait 
dam ty tattle 
td:he tote a ter6a~ tat 
II CREAM WAIVER Da-age Des Is Hi hate Di ad reaper" b ary bis d a data b tlia Pet 
Etrert ad Its ~Date 
Petal idle recap:Er innate/ate recent eceptatty 
US ad la h ti attett n Cia-ear SAtMas totass We ape lo raw Ots nyt to tror tit 
la tart d 
bss a arege tote Earn et nya powastt area talbu ad be retreat ix tie fret a:0.am 50% 
d he at ot rot a retert &draped Eaten athat k hat) Mxavert iwatterey ally Us dare 
rut at sat ate ay tale ote rents aka ha lance the Dart Ntimi teat wont 
advar /deal° arise al nib aektle b 'du traNbut irate any ad ast d dims at moats Sr 
• 
tsease twat, ke koheretrdrolle bard eal tat 
bss 
/Damao IA IN Eared ardtbs 
• 
r 
blbAiro aearran:e≤ 41)Pry Item a dad reed at is ra eta inetted ere taros rdixreg 
It 
FT: Rate canes s &ma ~am* 
c4 
Earn,* Campo qaealkn d Etna act 
Is dud caps* (4: Data b ran gettable it a ott bee Sat ~atom 
cart ty uee d 
ren..t gentian ~hen td added tit He IS Cat rat Ittadtreleat di ten DAD& 
on. SI* 
a It« CMS Stet hi MOMS Era 
t6) Dort ra)IDI arrant to tall a p%la 
all rot pets atte IØie site rieTter~ 4:164/46,14 a0 lartatir d he Earle,. Un a lIrre9e 
coot ryttnesk dt eta 
a *raga' anent blay par want auto pane thP Ellirert 
Carat a use d te &tat, 
a ?serer hosted ate tee 
of Ire ~ere rteritztra. tYj Dirt 
~It 
vartm. rakes riadriel a hleit3ret4IC Dart Da, atlatilte. at as ar raas 
St can dab eat ate lad al tarn and see tee Ikea ad tea 
(I Dart* ~Erg It 
othrirg a sang pert oat (12) Dart ~It 
lee d be Eaten h *liar d ay ars d 
Petal Oral 
16. MERRIEST( De ate 
d Iispywai ea be state so a tie hay inettatlY 3 Wah• dare 
d the nets tend at the timbre praiser& 
17. LON« AND UllOACING Ealflat Cans is testa t bate; ad stag atrin I  Cedar 
erholtes ten baro a prised n bat. Came van b asare that ot ad lad Dada ardor is 
drapes nr•eas a ar popery enact petal tire nixing rage ad tat lake antatie blN, 
ragweed Ceti 
It FROFEMT DANACIE Nd meant te my damage %raan at a real cl pate Mat a pia sp ty 
Det 
vasTE CISPOSAL WE A NaSTE DISFOSAL FEE is adfat alert 
20. FEES MENSES, ~TAPES NO NC Dr OrAret ea s so* tat* 
ta Sand d fra lee& 
knee pane hes a free reared ty or tetra ton tre Delta use a rear dtevelteletna & 
Torts 
21. CHARGES. The Custet slat Scat recual tat His ftgeertritpat Simard The Collars agrees es
(May at Erne dergasaeeir4ern cages Martha no aurd ct rertannel is de ~El h the ant 
War ctsys ata awn ~used No (rotes al be re» Lrerts 
umure, NSW" lre vetneleaulrert e COMM *at* 
hen= alky th pate orange t
Fe Custer i, testa° secotry to ay bay ate It 
he Cate Wis canal s r =it'd 
afl Neater einerts Irae aØ Ne en Is. ard tees nd holds uniarena reamed cant billa
tire reared ty lax Cadge e tad at (I) tie milickleannert ecoat n tat 
ct lfie Ageerla!
O i2) Ile as its Sr. Sit 
or ant ~Die 
°stare Coma Is also ~rot 
Mers a a rrixie I 
patty 
tya h te tan 
olle Want a bay tries ol anirtee taste b 
Oards age*
tdot duels ants d Fe Carn PT-aerobia es «tuts cl trovitits~ 
a ODER UMW( We Curter awns 4 arks tran ha rota oat cl tie writesetat The Ott i
Paddle b carat b IteCatartis sat a gods h tagt a n bra a la tatty ht a ted hr
wricestent a Sawn ND sag LTACNTNICIOAC4III ages not b ~re Uanur bdea 64-63.6 ti
cat 
alert acre CaseatedarapsteaMTgtarn lmtdlN,tdsckadttret.TatQeare rellaS4
ad hobs Lame. is aarts at robe« Star tam at aged ry ad al la 
itilites, data eta
cite Des at eta ash; add re Ontrers LE/ CI possest ihe ~Mir« 
Wag, W rd Ira
baryadallrMe ants ad tens haadtriry gaienst ally. ad bee awl nt toned tavern
trans a au 
toad pets wag celdthi arrana mawebt antra a traterted salad N
Writ tarn *ID Oaken orn dare Et a Ardor." Ads tle cattalo', d 
tatactipart tyri
tearsarettltY plane tad a dact the Calcine atN test reld Lter. ant et Elan
lallyrid cease h eta dthe Mad kalaysicededbr Keeth as a let d Dise death a aperydatealan
• cl the Clarets UNI al We writgaret tat 
Cadre ea rri otiet dit cline velatteral ra
be (earth. art set a steed Ire Inn et treat Pay ton ashore ler a wis ate
,
te Otte awns tut tespatiter the tick!~ 
be Pt ard ttrialorY to* traredilin 
WEATHER RE RITZ MK& Cate mum al inalre feted dies Intsd h taro ar ant wed Sr
Natal Oat sierdsias loatriteSa iiSkaasa& Sit* lhalali‘ bent tniadole 
en. stet*
fare. narne cab a It, a ay caw tads diadPartal Oran ward Custet fl ail be ladb la parr
ru cl &late 
a MEN/WM OF sm. ~mar ages b have tre see seari With the wailers nebbe erected heeadde
d al caticles, eSsal adntlaaal pa lothe ant cl tre Ririe Grits ecei on emirsan yea lo 
airs tared for rent pia b as arial Al nonnled Ire ad ants st be cleated ard taken Inn si
It Oast We
 so Pen Cahn all re/ el cods inflate ay du* tact sea times nit 
• 
ard bail epen 
a NAM I AL. al WE a* St to ~in, a+:1 maildhg teb74 Wad gars an taut al arts telee
intgaid veh aleipang watt ro tersae gm:axial be S39** spod ard ratite ate 
trcaag saetram 
27. CCCKIN3 UNCER1111ff& Cabana apesorl lo Mar/tee d calthg stew atria angle peace <IN 
WA ~et 
atmrestdreepTe2iPyadmsshanedbr rage ardordserig opensebtertods rite boot
prat its a ND NM, 
a 
ELECTRIC FONO1 NC COMPEL Ott r" 
to lanai Read Cater tees te ad he alb a 
Oman eletal and can hells I-shalt/Jr ad swan d re sal as 
a UNDMIOUP1) FAOLIMES Custer !gees b swe al Urdeact Fatax h he tattles Eater
10YØ dearly rat aka bread el Dad Can eta and tuatara 
ItanbilliEr eat 
b 4lydlagØFadW lb tray Leargrat Fiat Otani ma aslant ma Fria lo heldelbr. 
a 
TED ircimumor4 & TFJA C011tt Caler may asker tior da 
earetreAre at his triad LACS. 
watts fiat Pet y ardor stira NI rd bases arg ~east« 
91. TWEETS, FRES AND FENAMES. Ott 
agrees to a at parsly pay all Ines. prsaEs, Felt Nee
lac Et 
lols, ant oale afart lees ad oft chaps Dad dreg the Teen h cant sir t9 usi
snag tarn ant ant 
cl he Egan!" nagarctess et It. dadly dace...dry yet Cant tert
Nan Det 
ACOTONALDNASAM COICMONS FOR SALES 
CIETCNEITS DECLARMOtt I HAVE REcawo ale FEVEN® DE CfEROTOWS DECALS FM De
ECILIFIENT MD ~PAD 
11•E WORM AND SAM OPERtTION AS NEU. AS DE WiNIENAICI
FECIUIFSENIS PCP TEE ECILIINEKT. I VAIL TRAIN ANY WEST NC ANY FUME CFERCITRS OF De
ECLIPMINT 10 INCEPSTAIND THE FfaCr NC SAFE CPERMON OF TIC canon I hva FECIIuB
A CCPY OF MY AFfIgAILE SWIDAFO WOW NWPANTT NO NN EXTENDED OR LSE() VAFIRMT
Gael Ne ~Mt 
DE TERSE CESCREED THEREIN. I ISE FERO/AM MIDST« ND ACM
HMI TIE REDIAATIOK 1NE NNIFWITY DISCLNIER AKD ALL OF MICH HAVE BEEN MANED TO IlE 
SINE tiSFECTEDDE ECANWENE MODE ECUPLENTWE DEUVERDTO ME IN SOISFICTCRTARD Safi
COICE1C*1 NI) I LECERSTMO 1107 F A WIPRAMY IS AFFUOACILE TO INS EOUDENT 11E VOPPAKT
PERM BEGINS ONTHEEELMERT WE' 
:WITS PLECHASE AU. WITS PLECHAS9) Da ME STOCK ITEMS DEALER MID HAW TO CECEFI lA
arruit4in (P TOE HOURS ROUT« CF FLFICINSE INDIA 25t FEMME FEE ALL NEM EC 
BECTFIDNIC FIATS MD ALL SFECUL CEDER FARTS ARE AOTRERJ4DIELE. 
AS'S— ND WIARANTY: 
Ott 
ed pag al coats la aryrears. Clint Ret ard Sake Is a Mates tries "oleststt br rat 
tat 
al ay main, a as start ant t* that 
THE WARRANTY 5 TIE SOLE AND laCLUBM
IWARANTY APPUCARLE TO THIS EOUIPIIIINT AND ILL OTHER MESS OR IMPLED WARRINTE
WCIUMIS MOM LIMIATICE 11E MUM WERNITIES OF FAERMANiailrrY AND FITIESS FOR 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE NE MUSED Ma THE SALE Of MS EOUPENT (DOME FENTAL & SALE
INC OR AFFILLEED CIYARNIES NU. NOT BE LIME OR REEDISIELE FOR ANY DECIAL INCIDENTAL Ol
CCIGEOUBSTIAL OMUCES ARS ND OUT OF OR RELAND10IE SALE OF TIIS EOUDIMT 10 CUSMIE
REGARDLESS OF 11METIER SUCH MACES ANSE UCERTIEORES OF THE LAW OF CONTRACTS OP
E
FEUEDIES ED FORTH WTI« FACTORDARRAND. 
REfURN RICCI FOR PURCHASED ITEM "N caret is lade fa .1 taro  costs wren ~Piro a etararal; 
item b [turf Festal sae itlessa pot hs teencireoe:larInt hedre This Øaa°*dest set 
assns At Mkt Re Dean Earn Sales falun Plot Nan oats am ai It a Ent« etas a 2S•
Pattrig See a as chat b Yta scan. C644 axIcable &tart alicoto.ra treat 1/Nriold? Sto alis 
smere rein at tried Al secant cl ate get ea war b a 25% 14155 tad ad«) trait 
br m hack 
Irtri al (Mart Rat& SRes.Int Izakre Ola Penn seta's do not end aunt 
Al oath tare ate a, aerate Ay Oita tit 
r cants NMI ha,  lad ^er si be Utad 
reastectie dread ran Malt rust tep opt* at tact,* as mama lIsInecutra Nand:di
b report ry deregetalages ate an d steegn coda (intact Etna Såes si 'ot act din
at at daisy Dean Etna St and and inn aim teat 
tan nag a Machada
PetentakabadVaL Cat Bart SRN artentestasts as t het mudrar ing state, 
tart Etta Soletla avid& ØØ Nat are WA ashes as Fe tdy lime Ire rat 
Debt Earn Sales all *Wes Id. War ry cionsites. Irar al DRA a [~S 
r Lad a tags
past Ary fit related &repeats rded on ee egad Ell d Lag I:MEW OFOEUVERE Tetras
ace al the d saes Ins 
( MATINED 
ECUINENT 
WEEK • 40 HOURS • 
(- 
wEEK • 7 DAYS
TRUCTURE: 
RATE 
S 
DAY -INCURS 
DAY , 2I HRS. 
i 
WEEKS , 160 HOUR 
WORTH , 4 WEEKSI
D 2012 by tau 
forma * InAnnd. a.. All Rights Deese
EFTA00593647
--- PAGE 2 ---
10/09/12 01:09 PR 
via 
VSI-FAX 
Page 2 of 4i
33406 
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 
Palm Beth 
Odando 
Tampa 
EquOmentr 
Saki • Rentals • Service • Parts 
Discount-Equipmentcom 
Bey and Rent ONLINE and Save! 
OFFREMCIVEME 
PN CALL Br•DATNIM€ 
DEL
CUSTOMER INFORMATION 
ADDRESS EQUIPMENT WILL BE USED 
TICKET if
CASH WEST PALM BEACH 
. 
W. PALM BEACH FL 33406 
LARRY VISOSKI / LIGHT TOWER MA Bid# 467809 
DELV TO PORT FOR EXPORT 
ST THOMAS USVI 
Loc TOPS 
DL/ID $ 
DOBth 
PH3 
PHONE 
DATE 
TIME 
NA-000450851 
C 
OUT 
10/04/12 12:30 PM RW1 
10/05/12 12:30 PM RW1 
SPUR 
pnians If 
RRCRTVRTI RV 
LIGHT TOWER MAST 
LARRY VISOSKI 
BID 
Page: 1 
QTY 
MIN 
DAY 
WEEK 
WEEK 
SETA! 
C61100200 
W/NCH,HAND,5.1:1,1500LBS 
140.33 
280.66 
CU63B054 
CABLE,1/4",TOWER TILT,R1,4 
21.84 
43.68 
C61400100 
PULLEY,STEEL,3",RL4000 
17.82 
35.64 
CS63C080 
RL4000, BASE, BOOM/TOWER RL4 
357.96 
715.92 
C61300502 
RL4000, CLIP, HITCH PIN 
0.99 
1.98 
C61300501 
PIN 3/4 X7 ZINCRL400 
9.51 
19.02 
CU63A040 
RL4000, SUPPORT, PLASTIC 1X2.5 
4.40 
8.80 
C61300501 
PIN 3/4 X7 ZINCRL400 
9.51 
19.02 
C61300502 
RL4000, CLIP, HITCH PIN 
0.99 
1.98 
CR63A040 
RL4000, AS-WELDt4ENT, CRADLE 
82.58 
165.16 
114355 
BATTACT ASY,60HZ,MH,1KW,120V 
329.09 
2632.72 
CONNECTOR 5P MALE RECEPTACLE 
663860 
19.22 
153.76 
041100720 
LAMP FIXTURE ASS?, RL4000 
240.06 
1920.48 
833568 
REFLECTOR, RL4000 
74.07 
592.56 
22112575 
COIL, DEUTSCH PLUG AL4-RL4 
382.54 
765.08 
22112580 
EA-COIL CORD ASSY FOR SPARE PT 
740.97 
1481.94 
C48300108 
BOX,JUNC,LIGHT TWR,4 CONN 
103.28 
206.56 
CR61C018 
COIL CORD COVERGALV.RL4 2005 
65.76 
131.52 
CR61A017 
WIRE GUIDE BRKTRL4000 
18.26 
36.52 
990610 
BOLT,TEE 1/2-20NF X4-1/2 LONG 
8.44 
16.88 
CU61A090 
SPRING, KICKOUT, TOWER, RL4000 
30.66 
61.32 
CR61C010 
RL4000, BOOM, 4" SECTION 
404.56 
809.12 
CR61CO20 
RL4000, BOOM, 3" SECTION 
202.15 
404.30 
IMPORTANT PLEASE READ: 
RentalChameswilicolinuelOnClue 
undapti-upnumblyobtainod. IR 
the responsibity oi the customei 
obtain this number. 
Lenin Pia 
X 
mere so nrvrn renal popsy or women opor 
even of t•e wag next and lase to oval Ammo 
ae enelgIng Cob Mr dotage IV to, !MeV e" 
KIJDNIONT) III0 pane Nee 0.00fOla rent IC drilla 
pretable P carom vet Set on BIZ ISE. 
tt 
"Meal 
I have real aniunderstaid thefelmsendco-dkascntet aks cl tic asmerotaxically thilhosecrinled 
on Co MN so* aro 6700 bun
 above ry *plum Inn an MO ell a OM. rioneontaloro not 
ra4ed berth Wes• deciroi Ito le/clots clomp 'taw aeries them receive:5a coat d tis 
trona METERED RATES OVERRIDE DAILY RATES.SEE REVERSE FO N EXPLANATION 
RECEIVED BY: 
RETURNED BY: 
04-OCT-12 
13:09:36 
x 
',WPM% 
Wats raeCtriarr err former hrs r ,par[ d,n. rims 
'on. Er Crier. 
ROW INN 
 S
Remit to: 
est Pei Beach, FL 3303 
'LESSEE IS RESPONSIBLE FOR PROPER NSURANCE 
CREME, REPAIRS AND FOR ALL TIRE DAMAGES" 
EFTA00593648
--- PAGE 3 ---
10/04/12 
01:09 
PH 
via 
VSI—FAX 
Page 3 of Cl
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33406 
Palm Beath 
C.rlando 
Tampa 
Equi?ymentlwr 
Saki • Rentals • Service • Parts 
Discount-Equipmentcom 
Bay and Rent ONLINE and save! 
OFFRE/VT{476DX 
PM CALL 91' DATE/TN,£ 
DEL OR 
CUSTOMER INFORMATION 
ADDRESS EQUIPMENT WILL BE USED 
TICKET tl 
CASH WEST PALM BEACH 
. 
W. PALM BEACH FL 33406 
LARRY VISOSKI / LIGHT TOWER MA BicIll 467809 
DELV TO PORT FOR EXPORT 
ST THOMAS USVI 
Loc WPB 
DL/ID It 
DOBth 
PH3 
PHONE 
DATE 
TIME 
NA-000450851 
C 
OUT 
10/04/12 
10/05/12 
12:30 
12:30 
PM RW1 
PM RW1 
gloVR 
PO/,TOR g 
RreFrvfm RV 
LIGHT TOWER MAST 
LARRY VISOSKI 
BID 
Page: 
QTY ITEMU 
MIN 
DAY 
WEEK 
WEEK 
NET AMT 
CR61C030 
RL4000, BOOM, 2: SECTION 
120.46 
240.92 
C561C060 
RL4000, SWIVEL, BOOM RL4 
143.50 
287.00 
CR64C010 
RL4000, CROSSHEAD, RL4 
167.15 
334.30 
C561A053 
BLOCK, TOWER GUIDE RL4000 
2.45 
29.40 
CU61A035 
CABLE,3/16",LOWER EXT,11FT,RL4 
12.98 
25.96 
CU61A025 
CABLE, 3/16" UPPER EXT, 19' RL 
15.60 
31.20 
C61400100 
PULLEY,STEEL,3",RL4000 
17.82 
35.64 
C54200300 
RL4000.0 BOLT 
11.65 
23.30 
C54300400 
RL4000, WASHER 
0.42 
0.84 
C54100200 
RL4000, NUT 
0.66 
1.32 
99-LABJMA-HD 
LABOR, $90.00/HR, MIKE ARICO 
90.00 
900.00 
LABOR TO MAKE ALL PARTS OF MAST PUT TOGETHER AND 
LIGHTS, MOUNTS, BALLAST BOXES AND WIRING WILL 
STAY APART FOR INSTALLER AT ISLANF TO PUT 
TOGETHER. 
99-FRGHTIN 
FREIGHT INBOUND 
425.00 
850.00 
FREIGHT FROM TEREX TO DISCOUNT EQUIPMENT 
014 
LOWBOY TRACTOR DEL, 30-40 MI 
300.00 
FREIGHT TO DELIVER FROM DISCOUNT EQUIPMENT TO PORT 
EVERGLADES. 500.00 IF TO MIAMI 
Rental Note(s) : 
UNLESS FREIGHT COST IS PREDETERMINED, THIS MAY 
APPEAR AS A SECOND DEBIT ON YOUR CREDIT CARD, AS 
ACTUAL FREIGHT EXPENSE OFTEN CANNOT BE DETERMINED 
IMPORTANT PLEASE READ: 
Rental Charges will ocntinue to ao:rue 
anti a pecli-up numbers obtained. It is 
the respolsibty of he customer lo 
cotair this number. 
• 
MINT 70 FORIIM Metal 700000, a 09/001001 opor 
eepiesen often win aid lose to ek al smut 
GO (MON CMS lot Oriel 10 !I. property 0-
ectimmiempmerecieemmvanntommta 
ponvOlt r IICO:tafla lm Se= on B12 I56. FRO* 
SWUM 
onortnimX 
leavened arcluterstaid the *nu ardco-cirois en tct Sa ddltaaewnMardcerfyeeelonaildad 
on to cete ode an egged geed Fen* atm ry "indult 1 hero es nonouns. representstore not 
included froth Ulez decreed lino arc to re dereasko *ever cSge hem FICE10)0 a copy 07 1014 
wenn. METERED RATES OVERRIDE DAILY RATES. SEE REVERSE FOR EXPLANATION 
RECEIVED BY: 
L RAM: 
SW/IM( 
ArrUntigrait 
VALE 
9etiCut 
04-OCT-12 
13:09:36 
I
r
eftmittv 
li•viest Psi Beath, FL 33106 
x 
RWMW 
nifllle 
and, maCtsicsm up*. ropeniehM I 11% ewe el and 0.170004to sq. lar !Awl. 
"LESSEE IS RESPONSIBLE FOR PROPER HSURANCE 
COVERADE,REPAIRS AND FOR ALL TIRE DAMAGES" 
EFTA00593649
--- PAGE 4 ---
10/09/12 01:09 PR 
via 
VSI-FAX 
Page 
of 
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33406 
Palm Beach 
Odando 
Tampa 
EquOmentr 
Saki • Rentals • Service • Parts 
Discount-Equipmentcom 
Bey and Rent ONLINE and Save! 
OFFREMCIVEME 
AV CALL grOATSIME 
DEL
CUSTOMER INFORMATION 
ADDRESS EQUIPMENT WILL BE USED 
TICKET if
CASH WEST PALM BEACH 
. 
W. PALM BEACH FL 33406 
LARRY VISOSKI / LIGHT TOWER MA Bid# 4678O9 
DELV TO PORT FOR EXPORT 
ST THOMAS USVI 
Los MPS 
DL/ID S 
DOBth 
PH3 
PHONE 
DATE 
TIME 
NA-000450851 
C 
OUT 
10/04/12 12:30 PM RW1 
10/05/12 12:30 PM RW1 
MPLIR 
PO/.TOR If 
WRCRTVRTI RV 
LIGHT TOWER MAST 
LARRY VISOSKI 
BID 
Page: 3 
QTY ITEMS 
MIN 
DAY 
WEEK 
WEEK 
NET ANT 
UNTIL SHIPMENT IS PROCESSED AND RELEASED TO ITS 
DESTINATION. 
Payments 
No Payment Made 
IMPORTANT PLEASE READ: 
RentalChameswill%nlinuelOaCCiue 
undapti-upnumblyobtainod. IR 
the responsibility oi the customei 
obtain this number. 
Loisofl Via X 
non lo IONIA natal FM'S, a 09.0011.1 *Or?, 
even of t•e Neal pen and Sire 0, oaf al mwsulm 
On CoM4no Cab Kw Omega Id to• von on 
OCIIIDMIST) OM Arno OiCO *date a reit 10 oraa 
pita 
I' Emma eel Sr on MIK. Tva: 
I have Nei anAnderOmid Defmmsondco-dkascntet siTko dlicasmoronakmilytlittooncrinted 
on Mn KM ono pod bud Ern* ata• my sIgnMult Tram Veil a anew Nomonlaloro not 
nailed Roll Lkima deceit*, Ito wattle clomp mom crapes Intim received a coos d itis 
aroma METERED RATES OVERRIDE DAILY RATES.SEE RE VERSE FOR EXPLANATION 
RECEIVED BY: 
RETURNED BY: 
RENT 
0.00 
SALES 
13264.50 
OTHER 
300.00 
DW/FEES 
0.00 
WDF 
0.00 
SALES TAX 
0.00 
DEPOSIT 
0.00 
TOTAL DUE 
13564.50 TOTAL PAID 
0.00 
EST AMT DUE 
13564.50 04-OCT-12 
13:09:36 
MOWS& 
VASE 
x 
9CTITTIft 
MW IVA% 
oats t..C.Yo.µ err former he' 
uart d in, MVOS.. ,3 
Pili71414 
l
iff
Romitta 
listedt PSI Beath, Fl. 33806 
"LESSEE IS RESPONSIBLE FOR PROPER NSURANCE 
COYERAGE,REFAIRS MID FOR ALL TIRE DAMAGES" 
EFTA00593650

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593651.pdf
----------------------------------------
Bristol Associates, Inc. 
Winchester. VA 22601-2721 
Aircraft Information (Page I of 2) 
BOEING BBJ SN # 29441 
Of 
• www.br is t ola s soc ia t e s co m 
Aircraft Identification 
Mom: BOEING BBJ 
Yea, of Manufacture 1999. Delivery: 2000 
&wag: 29441 
negmfabon N88WR [Expires: 2/28/2015] 
Purchase Dote: 6/29/2004 
For Sale Information (Date Listed: 7/25/2014 12:00:00 AM) 
slaws For Sale 
Asking: 33.950 
On Exclusive with The Jet Business 
Days on memos 19 
Usage (Times as of 7/25/2014 12:00:00 AM) 
Autiarre Total Thre(AF77): 5,975 
Landogs/Cycles: 2,242 
Prevously Owned 
Interior Details 
Done By: Jet Aviation, Basel 
Number of Passengers: 12 
General: ETOPS configured interior finished in light & medium-colored earthtoned fabric & 
leather, interior modifications done 03/07 by Gore & Associates 03/07: Seating: Low density 
wheat-colored leather seating, forward 4-place club & 3-place divan, forward crew rest seat & two 
flight attendant seats mid-cabin 3-place L-shaped divan, mid-cabin 4-place club & 2-place club: 
3-place divan & 2-place club conference w/two 20-inch monitors; champagne-
colored boucle textured fabic divan, crew rest seat, dual crew jumpseats; 
Headliner. Ivory-colored textured fabric ceilings w/white oak trim crown piece: Carpet. Toast-
colored all wool textured carpeting: Refreshment Equipment. Large mid-cabin galley w/Bosoti 
microwave/convection oven. Miele dishwasher. Erda convection oven. Gaggenau induction cook 
top. Franke sink drawer-style refrigerator unit w/freezer & additional refrigerated storage unit: 
Forward crew galley w/Krups coffeemaker, Aerolux microwave & refrigerator, 
toast-colored granite cabinetry; Cabinetry: California while oakcabinetry w/vertical grain & 
teak finish: Entertainment Equipment Airshow Genesis, Direct TV provisions entertainment 
system w/DVDNCR/CD/stereo w/Baker individual compartment controls dual forward 20-inch 
monitors, mid-cabin 42-inch monitor: Business Equipment. Private office w/dual club-style brown 
leather deskchairsw/nailhead trim & tufted backs, conference table oppoSte a 3-place berthable 
champagne-colored boucle texture fabric divan: Dual Brothers multi-function 
fax/scanner/printer; Accessories: Brushed satin elver hardware, aft master lavatory w/shower, 
oversized enk& toilet, guest lay w/warrn gold honed marble on cabinetry w/matte platinum 
fixtures& hardware & gold tweed fabric on walls: Warm sker matte platinum hardware, 
crosshatch woven wheat-colored textured fabric valances; storage: Large forward 
baggage storage area, mid-cabin storage credenza: Lavatory: Forward crew & aft: 
Stateroom/Suite: Aft master bedroom w/ Ensuite, queen-Sze bed w/, light ginger color fabric 
headboard w/accenting trim. ivory cotton quilted bedding. hang-up closet & dressing area, storage 
drawers& vanity seat: 30-inch monitor, master lavw/fully-enclosed shower & 
oversized sink & toilet, warm honed marble cabinetry, buff leahter accents, 
matte platimum fixtures & hardware; 
Exterior Details (updated: 12/2004) 
Colors: while upper w/tan & tan stripes: 
Key Features 
 RVSM 
 SATCOM 
 Cockpit Voice Recorder 
 Flight Data Recorder 
 ELT (Emergency Locator Transmitter) 
 Airframe Maintenance Program 
 Winglets 
 Terrain Awareness and Warning System 
 Traffic Collision Avoidance System 
(TCAS) 
Airport Information 
LAS - KLAS - McCarran International Airport 
Las Vegas- NV- United States 
EFTA00593651
--- PAGE 2 ---
Bristol Associates, Inc. 
Aircraft information (page 2 of 2) BOEING BBJ SN # 29441 
Engine Information 
Engene Mode,. CFM56-7B27 . On Condition 780: Yes 
Engine Maintenance Program Unknown - Unknown 
Serial 
Number 
Total Time 
Since 
New 
Hours 
Since 
Overhaul 
Hours 
Since Hot 
Inspection 
Hours 
Time 
Between 
Overhaul 
Hours 
Total 
Cycles 
Since 
New 
Total 
Cycles 
Since 
Overhaul 
Total 
Cycles 
Since 
Hot 
Eng 1 (L) 874373 5.975 
2.242 
Eng 2 (R) 874366 5.975 
2.242 
Auxiliary Power Unit (APU) 
Model: AlliedSignal 131-9B, Serial #: P5143 
low nee (Hours) Since New: 4,542 
Maintenance Details 
Maintained: FAR Part 91 
Inspection: Fresh Landing gear overhaul 8 12-Year inspection clw as reported 07125114. FANS 8 
ADS-B Out upgrades c/w as reported 07125114. Privately operated. Never chartered.: 
AlliedSignal 131-9B APU w/3998 CSN as reported 07/25/14. FUEL CAPACITY: 
10468 U.S. gallons. WEIGHTS (lbs.): RAMP 171500, BOW 99500, FUEL 
70135; 
Airframe Maintenance Program: Confirmed to be on a maintenance program 
Airframe Maintenance Tracking Program: Unknown 
Certification: RVSM 
Equipment Details 
Modification: Winglets: General: Eight PATS auxiliary fuel tanks. super soundproofing. dual 
forward 8 dual overwing exits. 90-gallon water storage. gray water storage system. for exits (two 
forward. two over wing 8 two aft deactiuvated): 
Addl Cockpit Equipment Details 
General: EGPWS w/windshear. Flight Dynamics heads-up display. triple Gables radio tuning units 
triple Avlech audio selectors Sextant attitude/airspeed/altimeter standby instrument. Teledyne 
airborne dataloader: Dual Collins marker beacon receivers, Artex 3-channel ELT, 
FANS. Smiths auto-throttle system, Teledyne airborne dataloader; 
Avionics 
ADP Dual Collins; Avionics Package: 5-tube EFIS / Collins; Communication Radios: 
Triple Collins; CVR: L3 CVR; OME: Dual Collins; EFTS: 5-tube; FOR: L3 FDR; Flight 
Phone: Iridium 2-channel; FMS: Dual Smiths FMS wldual multi-mode receivers 
w/GPS/ILS; Hi Frequency: Dual Collins wlColtech 5-channel SELCAL; Radar 
Altimeter: Dual Collins; SATCOM: Honeywell MCS-7000; TAWS: EGPWS 
w/windshear; TcAs:Collins TCAS-II; Transponder Dual Collins w/ADS B-Out; 
Weather Radar Collins w/windshear capabilities; 
EFTA00593652
--- PAGE 3 ---
Bristol Associates, Inc. 
Aircraft Contacts BOEING BBJ SN # 29441 
Owner - World Travel, LLC 
Las Vegas. NV 89109 United States 
Office: 
Fax: 
Flight Department - Las Vegas Jet, LLC 
Las Vegas. NV 89119-1138 United States 
Hangar Fax 
Hangar: 
Chief Pilot - Las Vegas Jet. LLC 
Las Vegas. NV 89119-1138 United States 
Hangar Fax 
Hangar: 
Exclusive Broker - The Jet Business 
LondonSW1X 7JI-I United Kingdom 
www.thejetbusiness.com 
Office: 44 
Registered as Owner - Wells Fargo Bank Northwest, N.A. 
Salt Lake City. UT 84116 United States 
www.wellsfargo.com 
Office: 
Fax: 
Mr. Stephen A Wynn 
Member 
Mr. Robert A Hecht 
Chief Pilot & Director of Aviation 
Mobile: 
Hangar Fax: 
Hangar: 
Mr. Robert A Hecht 
Chief Pilot & Director of Aviation 
Mobile: 
Hangar Fax: 
Hangar: 
Mr. Steven Varsano 
Mobile: 
Mobile: 
Mr. Val T Orton 
Vice President 
EFTA00593653
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00593654

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593655.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593655.pdf
----------------------------------------
Boulevard Plaza 
Burj 
Dubai 
Boulevard Plaza 
Payment 
% ot 
Tenn 
Contract 
Tower 1 
Cost Per 
Contract 
No 901 
Amount Pald 
Dar/tarns 
Paid Date 
1st Payment 
10% 
1206.289 
1.206.289 3a112007 
2nd Payment 
10% 
1206.289 
1.206.289 27/11,2007 
3rd Payment 
20% 
2.412.578 
2.412.578 22/022008 
4th Payment 
20% 
2.412.578 
2.412.578 20:082008 
Sth Payment 
10% 
1206.289 
6th Payment 
30% 
3,618.867 
Totals 
100% 
12,062.890 
7,237.734 
Balance Outstanding 
AED 
4.825.156 
Boulevard Plaza 
Payment 
% ot 
Term 
Contract 
Tower 1 
Cost Per 
Contract 
No 902 
Amount Pald 
DIrharns 
Pald Date 
1st Payment 
10% 
1295.889 
1.295,889 30/112007 
2nd Payment 
10% 
1295.889 
1.295,889 27/112007 
3rd Payment 
20% 
2.591.778 
2.591,778 22/022008 
4th Payment 
20% 
2.591.778 
2.591,778 20/08.2008 
Sth Payment 
10% 
1295.889 
6th Payment 
30% 
3.887.667 
Totals 
100% 
12.058890 
7.775,334 
Balance Outstanding 
AED 
5,183,556 
Boulevard Plaza 
Payment 
% of 
Term 
Contract 
Tower 1 
Cost Per 
Contract 
No 903 
Amount Paid 
Dirhams 
Paid Date 
1st Payment 
10% 
2.668.889 
2.668.889 2903,2008 
2nd Payment 
10% 
2.668.889 
2.668.889 29032008 
3rd Payment 
20% 
5.337.778 
5.337.778 344052008 
4th Payment 
15% 
4.003.333 
5th Payment 
45% 
12,010.000 
Totals 
100% 
26.688.888 
10.675.556 
Balance Outstanding 
AED 
16,013,332 
Boulevard Plaza 
Payment 
% ot 
Tenn 
Contract 
Tower 1 
Cost Per 
Contract 
No 904 
Amount Pald 
()Shams 
Pald Date 
1st Payment 
10% 
2.484.789 
2.484.789 251032008 
2nd Payment 
10% 
2.484.789 
2.484.789 251032008 
3rd Payment 
20% 
4.969.578 
4.969.578 30:052008 
4th Payment 
15% 
3.727.183 
Sth Payment 
45% 
11.181.550 
Totals 
100% 
24.847.888 
9.939.156 
Balance Outstanding 
AED 
14,908.732 
EFTA00593655

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593656.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593656.pdf
----------------------------------------
SCALE OF PATTERN TO COORDINATE 
WITH AIRCRAFT FLOOR PLAN 
WHICH r 410MOX10 WIXOM ANITIN 
EFTA00593656

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593657.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593657.pdf
----------------------------------------
St. Thomas, VI 00803 
Tel: 
To: WE LLC 
Attn: Rich Kahn 
Dear Mr. Kahn, 
Please see the project cancellation costs below; 
• Work Performed 
Date: May 27, 2016 
Re: Project Cancellation 
Costs 
Project: Asphalt Paving 
Little Si James Island 
o 
o 
o 
trucks materials hauling @ $400.00 per 
884 tons agg. base loading and spreading 
884 tons agg. base structural compaction 
Subtotal 
Overhead 15% 
$18,000.00 
2,652.00 
420.00 
$25,072.00 
$3,760.80 
Total 
$28,832.80 
• 
Mobilization Costs (3 times) 
o Personnel — 96 man hours @ $45.00 per 
$4,320.00
o Equipment Transportation — 21 @ $350.00 per 
7,350.00 
o Specialty Equipment shipping, taxes, clearing 
120.00 
Total 
$15,790.00 
• 
De-mobilization Costs (3 times) 
o Personnel — 96 man hours @ $45.00 per 
$4,320.00 
o Equipment Transportation — 21 @ $350.00 per 
7.350.00 
Total 
$11,670.00 
• 
Cancellation Costs 15% $512,500.00 
$76,875.00 
Total Costs 
$133,167.80 
Project Cancellation Costs 
LSJE LLC 
EFTA00593657

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593658.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Thu. 29 October 2015 15:05:15 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page 1 of 3 
Travel Arrangements for EPSTEIN/JEFFREY E 
American Express Travel Record Locator FXVN WU 
Travel Details 
Monday 15 Feb 16 
Other Information 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Hotel Information 
Hotel 
Address 
ROSEWOOD HOTEL GEORGIA 
801 West Georgia Street 
VANCOUVER BC V6C 1P7 
Check In Date 
Mon 15 Feb 2016 
Check Out Date 
Fri 19 Feb 2016 
Confirmation Number 
3052581PTS1 
Special Information 
Fhr 
Base Rate 
CAD 1004.00 / per night. may be subject to local taxes and service charges 
Rooms 
Room 
Guaranteed 
For Late furival 
Your Confirmation Number For This Hotel Is 3052581 
Executive One Bedroom Suite 
Fine Hotel And Resort Program. For Payment. Centurion Cardmembers Must Use An American Express Card Product In His 
Her Name. 
Cancel Hotel Reservation 24 Hours Prior To Arrival Hotel Time To Avoid Charges. 
Confirmed 
Stay 
Telephone 
Night's 
Hotel Information 
Hotel 
Address 
Check In Date 
Check Out Date 
Confirmation Number 
Special Information 
Base Rate 
Rooms 
Guaranteed 
ROSEWOOD HOTEL GEORGIA 
801 West Georgia Street 
VANCOUVER BC V6C 1P7 
Mon 15 Feb 2016 
Fri 19 Feb 2016 
3052580PTS2 
Fhr 
CAD 479.00 / per night. may be subject to local taxes and service charges 
Room 
For Late Arrival 
Confirmed 
Stay 
Telephone 
Nightfs 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary FXVNWU 
:
AVERICAN 
ECPRESS 
EFTA00593658
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Your Confirmation Number For This Hotel Is 3052580 
Deluxe Room - King Bed 
Fine Hotel And Resort Program. For Payment. Centurion Cardmembers Must Use An American Express Card Product In His 
Her Name. 
Cancel Hotel Reservation 24 Hours Prior To Arrival Hotel Time To Avoid Charges. 
Fine Hotels 
Resorts 
One Category Room Upgrade Subject To Availability Upon Arrival 
With The Exception Of Reservations For A Deluxe Room With Two Double Beds. An Accessible King. An Executive One-Bedroom Suite. Or Th 
E Lord Stanley Suite 
Welcome Amenity 
$30 USD Credit Per Person, Per Day For Breakfast, Up To Two Guests 
$100 USD Hotel Credit To Be Used During Your Stay 
Not Applicable Towards Room Rate Or Taxes 
Confirmed 4 pm Late Check-Out On Day Of Departure 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Additional Messages 
ADVANCE RESERVATIONS ARE RECOMMENDED IF YOU WISH TO 
ENJOY GOLF. SPA, DINING. AFTERNOON TEA OR REQUIRE 
ANY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS IN ADVANCE OF YOUR HOTEL STAY 
ADDITIONAL TAXES, SERVICE CHARGES, INSURANCE, OR OTHER 
FEES MAY APPLY TO HOTEL AND CAR RENTAL RESERVATIONS 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at www.allianz.com. Please noted you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures a advertisements describing any tour, cruise. accommodations, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includrig, without limitation. at cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may Wish to inquire with the hotel before your tnp regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodicaty review v,ww.Visacentral.cornrarrex for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit rechirements for your travel 
destnation. Due to frequent changes. America-rExpress cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Air Transportation Important nine ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit http://myamextravelcomistatictconditions for more information. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aicraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and redioacne materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in you' luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit htp:.',Veiew faa.ga.;:atout'irilia:P;es.'hazmat_sale:y,. 
• Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense a damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly. from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents or 
failures of equipment. or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civi 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease. accidents or failures related to the public intemeL telecommunications lines or 'entities. or third party technology systems. a any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
• Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you n finding travel suppliers and maken arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppbers to you and recommendin specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
tertian suppliers pay us commissions as well as ricenbves for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supporting technology inrtiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive. are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppbers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
Page 2 of 3 
Itinerary FXVNVVU 
a
AVE RICAN 
EGRESS 
EFTA00593659
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
• 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the Calfognia Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located ki California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider a such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
max.-num amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed 615.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A daim must include sufficient documentation to prove your claim 
and a 635 processeig fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 90977£001: or by 
visiting TCRC's website at: mwricrcido.org. 
WASHINGTON' If transportation a other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (10) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
California CST/1022318. Washington U81N600d69b90. Iowa TA0669. 
Page 3 of 3 
Itinerary FX taiNVU 
ismEM
EX-aRE SS 
EFTA00593660

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593661.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593661.pdf
----------------------------------------
INSIGHTS 
THE CORPORATE & SECURITIES LAW ADVISOR 
ASPEN PUBLISHERS 
Volume 24 Number 12. December 2010 
SECURITIES LITIGATION 
"The Fifth Amendment Can & 
Will Be Used Against You In 
a (Federal) Court of Law" 
Although it mar sound completely counterintui-
tive and unfair, an individual's exercise of his con-
stitutional right against self-incrimination could 
jeopardize a company's right to defend itself in civil 
litigation. In fact, even when limner employees and 
non-parties "take the Fifth," an adverse inference 
of wrongdoing could arise against the company. 
By David A. Battaglia and 
Vanessa C. Adriance 
Attorneys and lay citizens alike feel that they 
have at least a passing familiarity with the Fifth 
Amendment to the United States constitution 
and its protection against self-incrimination—
they know that it will protect them and their 
clients from being forced to give testimony that 
may incriminate them. Corporate in-house coun-
sel may believe that the Fifth Amendment does 
not have much of a bearing on their day-to-day 
civil practice, and think of it as mostly a creature 
of the criminal courts—a place where they rarely 
find themselves. While the Fifth Amendment 
David A. Battaglia is a partner, and Vanessa C. Adriance 
is an associate, at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP in Los 
Angeles, CA. 
certainly appears most frequently in the popular 
imagination in criminal courtroom dramas and 
high-profile prosecutions, it also can have a cru-
cial and even a case-determinative effect in just 
the type of civil litigation that in-house counsel 
must deal with day in and day out. Some fre-
quently overlooked quirks of Fifth Amendment 
jurisprudence in the civil arena may become traps 
for civil litigators and in-house counsel if they are 
ignored or not fully appreciated in evaluating and 
defending a dispute. This is true whether the dis-
pute involves issues relating to securities, antitrust, 
consumer protection, or other business related 
laws. In essence, and contrary to popular opin-
ion, assertion of the Fifth Amendment by pres-
ent or former employees can lead to an adverse 
inference of improper or wrongful conduct by 
the corporation in civil litigation, in certain cir-
cumstances and often within a court's discretion. 
Accordingly, care is required in addressing this 
potential issue. 
Background 
The Fifth Amendment to the United States con-
stitution protects individuals from (among other 
things) being forced to incriminate themselves. The 
protection afforded by the Fifth Amendment is 
broad, applying in civil and criminal proceedings, 
and to guilty and innocent parties.' A witness may 
assert his Fifth Amendment rights and refuse to 
provide any "answers [that] could reasonably fur-
nish a link in the chain of evidence against him."2 
EFTA00593661
--- PAGE 2 ---
A witness also may assert his Fifth Amendment 
privilege any time that "a responsive answer to 
the question or an explanation or why it cannot 
be answered might be dangerous because injurious 
disclosure could result."3 The Fifth Amendment 
privilege is broad because "truthful responses of 
an innocent witness...may provide...incriminat-
ing evidence from the speaker's own mouth." It 
follows naturally from this protection that silence 
following an invocation of the Fifth Amendment 
privilege may not be used to support a criminal 
conviction, and that a jury in a criminal proceeding 
may draw no inference from a witness's invocation 
of his or her Fifth Amendment rights. 
In civil trials in most state courts, the same 
rule holds true.5 A witness may invoke Fifth 
Amendment rights in a civil proceeding, and the 
jury may not make any inference based on that 
invocation that the witness is guilty of some 
wrongdoing. Indeed, if at all possible, the jury 
should be prevented from hearing the invocation 
at all. However, this currently is not the case in 
Federal court. Under the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure and the relevant case law,6 if a witness 
invokes his or her Fifth Amendment right not to 
incriminate himself in a civil trial, a jury may, in 
certain circumstances, make an inference of guilt 
or wrongdoing by the party against whom the tes-
timony is offered. Such an inference may be per-
missible regardless of whether or not the witness 
is a party himself. 
When Are Negative Inferences Protected? 
In stark contrast to most states' laws, federal 
law can permit a jury to hear and draw nega-
tive inferences based on invocations of the Fifth 
Amendment privilege against self-incrimination in 
civil trials? Under federal law, an adverse inference 
can follow from a witness's exercise of his or her 
rights under the Fifth Amendment to the United 
States Constitution when two conditions are met. 
First, the proponent of the inference must 
show that the inference sought is separately 
supported by independent evidences Second, the 
proponent must show that there is a substantial 
need for the evidence sought, and that no less 
burdensome way to get it exists9A 
In addition to these two prerequisites, the 
type of adverse inference that can be made is lim-
ited. An inference may be made only about the 
answers to the specific questions asked of the wit-
ness asserting his rights. An inference may be no 
broader than the question asked, and the jury must 
be instructed about this limitation." Put another 
way, no inference can be made if the questions that 
would give rise to that specific inference were not 
asked of the witness12 Though these basic tenets 
of federal privilege law are relatively clear and 
well established, when they apply is murkier. 
Adverse Inferences by Non-Parties 
A factor complicating adverse inferences from 
Fifth Amendment invocation in civil cases is the 
stature of the party invoking the Fifth Amend-
ment. In other words, can a fact finder in a fed-
eral civil case be permitted to draw a negative 
inference against a party based on the invocation 
of the Fifth Amendment by a non-party? There 
is no definitive answer to this question. Rather, 
courts must engage in a fact-intensive inquiry that 
will inevitably be different in each case to deter-
mine how a non-party's invocation of the Fifth 
Amendment may be used against a party. 
The most prominent case on this issue comes 
from the Second Circuit and sets up a loose set 
of factors to determine when adverse inferences 
should be drawn. In LiButti v. United States, the 
court, after outlining the relevant case law, dis-
tilled four "non-exclusive factors which should 
guide the trial court" in making determinations 
regarding whether adverse inferences can be made 
from non-parties' decisions to invoke the Fifth 
Amendment.13 The four LiButti factors are: 
1. The nature of the relevant relationships. While 
no particular relationship governs, the nature of 
INSIGHTS, Volume 24, Number 12, December 2010 
EFTA00593662
--- PAGE 3 ---
the relationship will invariably be the most sig-
nificant circumstance. The relationship should 
be examined from the perspective of a non-party 
witness' loyalty to the plaintiff or defendant, as 
the case may be. The closer the bond between 
witness and party, the less likely the non-party 
witness would be to render testimony that would 
damage the relationship. 
2. The degree of control of the party over the 
nonparty witness. The degree of control which the 
party has over the non-party witness in regard to 
the key facts and general subject matter of the lit-
igation will likely inform the trial court whether 
the assertion of the privilege should be viewed as 
akin to testimony admissible under Fed. R. Evid. 
801(dX2), and may accordingly be viewed, as in 
Brink's, as a vicarious admission. 
3. The compatibility of the interests of the 
party and non-party witness in the outcome of the 
litigation. The trial court should evaluate whether 
the nonparty witness is pragmatically a noncap-
tioned party in interest and whether the assertion 
of the privilege advances the interests of both the 
non-party witness and the affected party in the 
outcome of the litigation. 
4. The role of the nonparty witness in the litiga-
tion. Whether the non-party witness was a key fig-
ure in the litigation and played a controlling role 
in respect to any of its underlying aspects also 
logically merits consideration by the trial court.14
LiButti makes clear that the "overarching con-
cern is fundamentally whether the adverse infer-
ence is trustworthy under all of the circumstances 
and will advance the search for truth."15 The 
LiButti court thus set up a test that requires an 
intense, fact-based analysis in each case, putting 
broad discretion in the hands of the trial court 
and leaving lawyers guessing about which circum-
stances might produce a negative inference for 
their clients (or in what circumstance they may be 
able to procure an adverse inference that will be 
helpful to their clients),I6
Former employees do fit within the LiBuzzi 
framework. However, there also is a large body 
of case law that specifically addresses inferences 
based on privilege invocations by former employ-
ees. Generally, courts have held that the fact that 
a proffered witness invoking the Fifth Amend-
ment is a former employee is not a per se bar to 
an adverse inference based on that testimony. For 
example, the Second Circuit addressed this issue 
in the case of Brinks v. City of New York.17 In 
Brinks, the Second Circuit allowed the jury to 
make adverse inferences against Brinks due to 
the invocation of the Fifth Amendment by its 
former employeesis Similarly, the Third Circuit 
in RAD Services Inc. v. Aetna Casualty and Surety 
Co., also allowed evidence of the invocation of 
the Fifth Amendment by former employees to 
be used to infer an answer unfavorable to the 
former employer.19 In RAD Services, the Third 
Circuit wrote, "the mere fact that the witness no 
longer works for the corporate party should not 
preclude as evidence his invocation of the Fifth 
Amendment."20
Courts have rejected a 
mechanical approach to 
determining whether the 
jury may make negative 
inferences about an 
employer because of an 
employee's silence. 
In the employee or former employee context, 
courts generally are willing to allow the invocation 
of the Fifth Amendment by a non-party employee 
to be used to draw a negative inference against the 
employer, provided all of the other criteria for an 
inference are met. However, the issue is still a fact-
and case-specific inquiry. As with adverse infer-
ences generally, courts have rejected a mechanical 
approach to determining whether the jury may 
make negative inferences about an employer 
because of an employee's silence.2I Instead, a court 
must perform a careful review of the facts in the 
INSIGHTS, Volume 24, Number 12, December 2010 
EFTA00593663
--- PAGE 4 ---
particular case before it when deciding whether 
to permit an inference based on an invocation by 
an former employee, and the invocation alone—
without further evidence—will not be held against 
the corporate employer party.22
Since district courts employ the imputation 
analysis on a case by case basis, it is worthwhile 
to consider the factual circumstances underlying 
the most important precedent. In Brink's Inc, the 
Second Circuit reviewed a district court judgment 
allowing the questioning of third-party defen-
dants (including former employees) concerning 
matters about which they might (and ultimately 
did) invoke the Fifth Amendment, and allowing 
the jury to draw adverse inferences from their 
silence.23 The case involved a contract in which 
Brink's agreed to collect coins from city parking 
meters. After several Brink's employees were con-
victed of stealing revenue from the meters, the 
City canceled the Brink's contract. Brink's sued 
for damages, the City counterclaimed for breach 
of contract and negligence, and Brink's filed a 
third-party complaint against twelve of its pres-
ent and former employees and their supervisor. 
The Second Circuit affirmed the district court's 
judgments and concluded that the employee's 
claims of privilege were admissible and compe-
tent evidence under the circumstances of the 
case. Given the probative value of the evidence to 
the City's case, its admission was not considered 
unduly prejudicial.24 The court also considered 
the fact that the same inference would be benefi-
cial to Brink's in its third-party claims against its 
former employees.25 As the court stated, Brink's 
"conflicting interests...illustrate[d] the difficulty, 
and perhaps the undesirability, of a bright-line 
rule against drawing inferences."26
In RAD Services a plaintiff brought suit 
against its insurer to recover costs incurred in 
disposing of hazardous waste materials.27 The 
defendant insurance company deposed an official 
and a managing employee of the plaintiff corpo-
ration, both of whom invoked their Fifth Amend-
ment privilege.78 Because the deponents asserted 
the privilege in response to questions concerning 
their employment status, it was unclear whether 
the deponents were former or current employees.29
Nonetheless, the court held that the employment 
status of the witnesses would not bar the admis-
sion of the invocations as vicarious admissions of 
the former employer.30 The court also found that 
although present employment serves to reduce 
the chance that the witness will falsely testify, 
"any factors suggesting that a former employee 
retains some loyalty to his former employer—
such as the fact that the employer is paying for 
his attorney—would serve the same purpose."3! 
Thus, the Third Circuit rejected an argument that 
an ex-employee might seek to discredit or tarnish 
his former employer, and that for this reason a 
lack of the proof regarding his continuing loyalty 
to the employer should render an invocation of 
the Fifth Amendment privilege—and any infer-
ence arising therefrom—inadmissible.32
There is no absolute bar 
to permitting a jury to 
hear a Fifth Amendment 
invocation and make an 
adverse inference based 
on that invocation. 
The Eighth Circuit also has held that infer-
ences based on invocations by witnesses in a 
"similar" posture to ex-employees may be per-
missible.33 First, in permitting an inference in 
Cerro Gordo, the court found that "[a]lthough it 
is true that Richards [non-party witness] is not 
presently listed as a director or voting member 
of the charity, there is some question whether 
he retained some control over the charity and 
whether his resignation as a voting member after 
these suits were filed was not purely a matter of 
litigation strategy... There is no evidence that 
would lead one to believe that Richards would 
assert the privilege solely to harm Cerro Gordo's 
chances of success in this litigation."34 Second, 
the court concluded that the invocation of the 
INSIGHTS, Volume 24, Number 12, December 2010 
EFTA00593664
--- PAGE 5 ---
privilege was only one of a number of factors 
that the jury considered in determining whether 
a fraud was committed, and there was other evi-
dence presented at trial that supported the infer-
ence sought.35 Third, the non-party was a key 
figure in the case.36 Finally, the court engaged in 
an analysis under Rule 403 and concluded that 
the probative value of the evidence substantially 
outweighed any danger of unfair prejudice to the 
party opposing the inference.37
In other settings where the proffered witness 
is even further removed from the parties, courts 
are less willing to allow inferences to be drawn 
against a party based on the witness's invoca-
tion of the Fifth Amendment. For example, in 
Kontos it Kontos, the court held that a negative 
inference could not be drawn against the benefi-
ciary of a life insurance policy when the sister of 
that beneficiary invoked the Fifth Amendment 
when she was deposed.311 However, even in Kon-
tos, the analysis is fact-specific, and there is no 
absolute bar to permitting a jury to hear a Fifth 
Amendment invocation and make an adverse 
inference based on that invocation arising solely 
from the relationship between the witness and the 
parties (or lack thereof).39
Choice of Law 
Beyond the question of whether an inference 
is permissible under relevant federal law, courts 
must decide whether federal privilege law is appli-
cable to particular claims at all, as federal courts 
sitting in diversity must apply the law of the state 
in which they sit to the claims before them, pur-
suant to Erie and its progeny. This well-worn 
proposition applies with equal force to privilege 
law, as articulated in Federal Rule of Evidence 
501, as to substantive law. In federal courts sit-
ting in most states, this means that any inferences 
based on an invocation of the Fifth Amendment 
would be flatly prohibited. However, in civil cases 
in which the Federal Court's jurisdiction is based 
on a federal question, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 
§ 1331, the court may permit an inference. 
In a case with some claims based on state law 
and some founded on federal law, Erie and its 
progeny require the court to apply state law to 
some claims and federal law to others. However, 
courts have found that, in cases where the court's 
jurisdiction is based on a Federal Question and 
a second, state law claim is before the court via 
supplemental jurisdiction, the court should apply 
federal privilege law to both claims. In the case 
in which two claims are before the court, and the 
court has jurisdiction over one as a federal ques-
tion, and independently has jurisdiction over the 
other due to diversity, the path of the court is 
unclear. In such a case, the court would have juris-
diction over the state claim even if it were brought 
separately from the federal claim, and thus would 
clearly be bound to apply a state's more protec-
tive privilege law to that claim. As of this writing, 
no court has cogently addressed the issue of what 
should be done in this scenario—when the same 
evidence would be admissible to resolve one claim 
but not the other. 
No court has cogently 
addressed the issue of 
what should be done in 
this scenario—when the 
same evidence would be 
admissible to resolve one 
claim but not the other. 
In cases before the court pursuant to supple-
mental jurisdiction under 28 U.S.C. 1367, courts 
have held that they should apply federal privilege 
law to all claims.40 In the case of an invocation 
of the Fifth Amendment, this means that the 
court would be able to permit adverse inferences 
by the jury to decide both claims. However, the 
cases dealing with this issue are sparse. Further-
more, even the cases cited above do not squarely 
address the problem as they deal with privileges 
that had never been recognized at all by federal 
law (Agster), or privileges that had been specifi-
cally rejected by federal law (Jadwin). 
INSIGHTS, Volume 24, Number 12, December 2010 
EFTA00593665
--- PAGE 6 ---
The truly unresolved question is what a court 
should do when it is faced with two independent 
claims—a diversity claim and a federal question 
claim—rather than a federal question claim and a 
pendent state law claim. This issue has never been 
addressed by the US Supreme Court nor dealt 
with head-on by any federal appellate court. Inde-
pendent claims are categorically different from 
pendent claims. Pendent jurisdiction is defined as 
"[a] court's jurisdiction to hear and determine a 
claim over which it would not otherwise have juris-
diction, because the claim arises from the same 
transaction or occurrence as another claim that 
is properly before the court." a" Therefore, by 
definition, if a court has independent jurisdiction 
over a claim based on diversity, that claim is not 
"pendent." In diversity cases, the privilege law of 
the state applies" Thus, it would appear that a 
federal court would be bound to apply the state's 
privilege law to a claim over which it has indepen-
dent diversity jurisdiction, even if that claim is 
coupled with a federal question claim. However, 
the real-world result in such a case is far from 
clear. 
Popular culture and 
American public 
consciousness make 
frequent and broad 
invocations of the 
privilege the rule rather 
than the exception. 
The only case to address a similar issue is 
Platypus Wear, Inc. v. RD. Co.03 Platypus was a 
case with multiple claims: some state law claims 
over which the court had jurisdiction based on 
diversity, and some federal law claims over which 
the court had federal question jurisdiction. The 
court was asked to decide how to handle evidence 
that would be admissible under federal privi-
lege law and excluded under the state's privilege 
law, but that was relevant only to the state law 
claims.'" The Platypus court first noted that the 
Ninth Circuit had not explicitly addressed the 
issue of what privilege law should control in cases 
involving independent state and federal claims:" 
The court then applied state privilege law to the 
state privilege claims and federal privilege law to 
the federal claims in the case.46 However, Platypus 
did not address this issue head-on, as the prof-
fered evidence would have been relevant only to 
the state law claims in the case—the very claim 
for which the relevant privilege law excluded the 
evidence.'t7
The Platypus court also acknowledged in 
dicta the possibility that in some cases involving 
both federal and state claims a court might be 
required—for the sake of ease and consistency—
to apply only one set of privilege laws to two sets 
of claims if identical evidence were required for 
both claims, and that in such a case it appeared 
that Federal law should govern." But the court 
also acknowledged that "a bright line rule, 
requiring the application of federal common 
law privilege principles to a case containing 
any federal claim, is neither appropriate nor 
necessary."49
Platypus may not provide a useful barom-
eter for how courts should address this question 
vis-à-vis the Fifth Amendment for another rea-
son. The privilege in question in Platypus was 
not the Fifth Amendment privilege against self 
incrimination, but rather the New Mexico state 
accountant-client privilege—a privilege that is 
not recognized by federal law at all and therefore 
could not reasonably be applied to any federal 
question.50 Thus, courts and practitioners are 
left with very little guidance about what to expect 
when faced with a potential adverse inference 
based on the Fifth Amendment combined with 
state and federal law claims over which the court 
has independent jurisdiction. 
What Federal Courts Should Consider 
Courts faced with this issue should carefully 
consider whether or not they should prohibit any 
INSIGHTS, Volume 24, Number 12, December 2010 
EFTA00593666
--- PAGE 7 ---
adverse inference based on the invocation of the 
Constitutional privilege against self-incrimination 
and (if the issue is applicable) whether to apply 
state privilege law or federal law to a state-law 
claim. 
Courts also should carefully consider the 
evidentiary value of this type of evidence and 
whether, given the inherently unreliable nature of 
such evidence, its use should be limited to only 
those cases in which it is clearly admissible. In 
this respect, the Supreme Court has observed that 
"one of the Fifth Amendment's basic functions 
is to protect innocent men who otherwise might 
be ensnared by ambiguous circumstances."5! Wit-
nesses frequently invoke the Fifth Amendment 
solely because they are advised to do so by coun-
sel, regardless of whether they are guilty or inno-
cent. As Justice Jackson noted, "any lawyer worth 
his salt will tell the suspect in no uncertain terms 
to make no statement to police under any circum-
stances."52 Whether true or not, a person is well 
advised to heed the advice of their counsel when 
it comes to such matters. In addition, the breadth 
of the protection combined with the place the 
Fifth Amendment has taken in not only Ameri-
can law but also popular culture and American 
public consciousness make frequent and broad 
invocations of the privilege the rule rather than 
the exception. 
Furthermore, an innocent witness may (very 
reasonably) believe that a prospective piece of tes-
timony would tend to incriminate him in spite of 
the fact that he is innocent.53 Therefore, the mere 
fact that a witness relies on the Fifth Amendment 
is indicative of nothing more than that he may 
have received the advice of counsel or may believe 
that his answer might potentially lead, however 
indirectly, to some piece of incriminating evidence, 
however small. It is not, however, even remotely 
or reliably indicative of guilt or wrongdoing and 
therefore has negligible probative value. 
The choice of law issue also should not be 
taken lightly. In some instances permitting an 
inference based on an invocation of the Fifth 
Amendment can only result in a deprivation of 
protections that both witnesses ad litigants are 
entitled to in prosecuting their state law claims 
merely due to the chosen forum. In other cases 
applying disparate privilege laws to claims 
brought together may prove simply impracti-
cal and overly burdensome for the Court, and 
impossibly confusing to the jury. Applying fed-
eral privilege law to state law claims more often 
than necessary also has the potential to create 
differing results based solely on choice of forum, 
and therefore encourage forum shopping—an 
issue that federal courts consistently have sought 
to minimize. Indeed, this is exactly the problem 
that Erie and its progeny sought to avoid.54 For 
this reason, courts should consider seriously the 
application of state privilege law to state law 
claims brought in federal court. This is true even 
if they are brought in conjunction with a federal 
question claim, and whether there is a risk that 
doing otherwise will encourage forum shopping 
unnecessarily.55
Federal courts have 
recognized the potential 
for prejudice inherent 
in presenting a witness 
to the jury whose entire 
testimony consists of 
repeated invocations of 
the Fifth Amendment. 
In the interests of comity to the states, the 
protection of important constitutional rights, 
and fairness to witnesses and litigants, federal 
courts should consider carefully preventing juries 
from making inferences based on invocations of 
the Fifth Amendment in cases involving indepen-
dent state law claims. To do otherwise threatens 
to erode rights guaranteed by the Fifth Amend-
ment to the Constitution as well as state law, and 
should not be done lightly. 
INSIGHTS, Volume 24, Number 12, December 2010 
EFTA00593667
--- PAGE 8 ---
Taking the Stand to Take the Fifth 
Despite all of these choice of all issues, in 
practice adverse inferences are often permitted 
in federal civil trials. A natural result of this is 
that witnesses are more frequently permitted 
(or required) to testify in front of the jury, even 
when it is known that they will assert their Fifth 
Amendment rights. This is not the case, for exam-
ple, under California law, where there is a strong 
presumption against permitting the admission of 
testimony that consists only of a witness asserting 
their Fifth Amendment privilege.56 The reason 
for this rule is based on the concern that an invo-
cation of privilege may "have a disproportionate 
impact" on the jury's deliberations, because a jury 
may view an invocation of the privilege as "high 
courtroom drama of probative significance."57
Moreover, under California law, such testi-
mony serves "no purpose."58 In fact, rather than 
serving a proper purpose, California courts have 
acknowledged that testimony of this type is prof-
fered only for the purpose of creating the very 
inference that is prohibited under California law.59
(Observing that the party presenting the testi-
mony must have "sought to present to the jury" 
an adverse inference.) Permitting a party to put 
on witnesses who it knows in advance will invoke 
the privilege has been held to have only one fore-
seeable result: it can only serve to "invite the jury 
to make an improper inference" and waste the 
Court's time with meaningless testimony.% 
Federal courts also have recognized the poten-
tial for prejudice inherent in presenting a witness 
to the jury whose entire testimony consists of 
repeated invocations of the Fifth Amendment 61
Nonetheless, federal courts are much more likely 
than state courts to permit this type of evidence, 
since inferences are permissible under federal law. 
For example, in Cerro Gordo Charity v. Fire-
man's Fund Am. Life Ins. Co., the court found that 
letting the jury hear a non-party invoke the Fifth 
Amendment "informed the jury why the parties 
with the burden of proof...resorted to less direct 
and more circumstantial evidence" "[o]therwise, 
the jury might have inferred the companies did 
not call [the witness] because his testimony would 
have damaged their case."62 Similarly, the Eighth 
Circuit in Rosebud Sioux Tribe v. A&P Steel, Inc., 
explained that the Fifth Amendment is concerned 
with "submitting any individual to the cruel trh 
lemma of self-accusation, perjury or contempt" 
but "retaining the availability of the privilege in 
civil cases and simply allowing the jury to draw an 
adverse inference from its invocation neither jeop-
ardizes the privilege nor the witness."63 Under this 
rationale the court decided it was permissible for 
witness to be called to the stand, even when the 
calling party knew that the witness would merely 
invoke their Fifth Amendment rights.% 
The Fifth Circuit has taken a similar approach, 
evaluating the prejudicial effect of such testimony 
weighed against its probative value on a case by 
case basis. In Federal Deposit Ins Corp. v. 
& Deposit Co., it left discretion to the district 
court to determine if a party was allowed to call 
a witness simply to have that witness invoke the 
Fifth Amendment in front of the jury.65 The court 
wrote, "[s]imiarly, we refuse to adopt a rule that 
would categorically bar a party from calling, as a 
witness, a non-party who had no special relation-
ship to the party, for the purpose of having the 
witness exercise his Fifth Amendment right."66
This discretionary approach to certain witness 
testimony in federal civil cases is certainly not 
unique to the context of Fifth Amendment invo-
cation, but in terms of trial preparation, prepar-
ing for the worst—assuming that both an adverse 
inference and live testimony of any invocations of 
the privilege will be permitted—is probably the 
safest course of action. However, a practitioner is 
not without a basis for arguing for the exclusion 
of the witness in his particular case, and motions 
in limine arguing that, even if an adverse infer-
ence is permitted the actual testimony should not 
be are not frivolous. Any practitioner seeking an 
inference must be careful to ask all of the relevant 
INSIGHTS, Volume 24, Number 12, December 2010 
EFTA00593668
--- PAGE 9 ---
questions, because any inference that is permitted 
will be limited to the testimony that would have 
been elicited by the questions actually asked 67 
Thus, follow-up questions must be asked, as if 
the witness were giving substantive testimony.68
Where possible, stipulations should be considered 
and accepted in lieu of live testimony. 
Conclusion 
Companies involved in civil litigation pres-
ently do not have the clear protections they 
deserve when employees or former employees 
assert their privilege against self-incrimination 
pursuant to the Fifth Amendment. The assertion 
of constitutional rights, even potentially by third 
parties who are former employees, can be used 
against the company on the issue of liability, as 
counterintuitive or inequitable as that sounds. 
Companies should be aware of this potential and 
evaluate the civil action with this in mind. 
Whether a court will or will not draw an 
adverse inference from a non-party's invocation of 
the Fifth Amendment currently is almost entirely 
within the discretion of the court. Further com-
plicating matters is the unresolved issue of what 
a court should do in the face of conflicting state 
and federal privilege laws. The inevitable result of 
these variables is a shifting and unpredictable land-
scape which can render the prediction of probable 
results difficult or impossible. The required factual 
and case-by-case analysis required by the existent 
case law means that practitioners can make col-
orable and even highly persuasive arguments to 
either permit or exclude adverse inferences based 
on Fifth Amendment invocations in federal civil 
cases. The resulting current uncertainty should 
provide little comfort to corporate in-house 
counsel involved in civil litigation. 
NOTES 
I. See, eg., Ohio it Reiner. 532 U.S. 17. 21 (2001). 
2. 
532 LI.S. 17. 19 (internal quotations omitted): see also Doe e 
Glanzer. 232 F.3d 1258. 1269 (9th Cir. 2000) (citing Union Liquor Co. it 
Gard, 705 F.2d 1499. 1501 (9th Cir. 1983). 
3. Reiner. 532 U.S. 17, 21 (internal quotations omitted) (emphasis 
added) 
4. 
532 U.S. 17.21. 
5. 
See. eg,: Alaska R. Evid. 512(c): Ark. R. Evid. 512: Cal. Evid. 
Code § 913(a): Del. R. Evid. 512: Haw. Rev. Stat. §626-1, R. 5l3: Idaho 
R. Evid. 512: Ky. R. Evid. 511: N.D. R. Evid. 5l2: Net Rev. Stat. 
§27-513: Nev. Rev. Stat 49.405: NJ. R. Evid. 532; N.M. R. Evid. 11-513: 
Okla. Stat. Ann. §2513: Or. Rev. Stat. §40.290: Vt. R. Evid. 512. 
6. Baxter it Palmlgiono. 425 U.S. 308. 317 (1976) (permitting adverse 
inference in civil case). 
7. 
425 U.S. 308. 317. 
8. 
See Baxter. 425 U.S. 308. 317, Doe e Glanzer. 232 F.3d 1258. 1264 
(9th Cir. 2000): Securities & Erchange Comma r. Coklk. 139 E3d 
674. 678 (9th Cir. 1998) (stating that the determination of whether an 
adverse inference arising from an invocation of the Fifth Amendment 
constituted reversible error "turns on whether [the proponent of the 
inference] presented additional evidence): Pedrtna v. Chun. 97 F.3d 
1296. 1300-1301 (9th Cir. 1996) (declining to draw an adverse inference 
from invocation of the Fifth Amendment, because the inference was 
"undermined-  by other allegations). 
9. See Nationwide Life Inc Co. v. Richard; 541 E3d 903. 912 (9th Cir. 
2008). 
10. Practitioners should always keep in mind that, in addition to the 
case law dealing directly with the issue of the admissibility of inferences 
based on invocations of the Fifth Amendment, the other Federal Rules 
of Evidence also apply. Therefore, arguments to exclude (or permit) such 
an inference should also address Rules 401 and 403. 
II. See Glanzer. 232 E3d 1258. 1266 & n.2. 
12. See 232 F.3d 1258, 1266 & n.2. 
13. 107 F.3d 110, 124 (2d Cir. 1997). 
14. 107 F.3d 110. 123-124. 
15. 107 F.3d 110. 124. 
16. See. e.g. Banks r. Yokemick. 144 F. Supp 2d 272, 290 (S.D.N.Y. 
2000 (applying LiButti factors. and finding that that the record 
showed insufficient evidence of the relevant relationship and the 
necessary degree of control to support granting plaintiff's request for 
an adverse inference from the defendant's patrol partners' invocation 
of their Fifth Amendment privilege.): In Re: Handy & Hartman Refin-
ing Group. Inc.. 266 B.R. 32 (D. Con. 2001) (concluding insufficient 
grounds existed under the LiButti factors for the court to order an 
inference that. if not for his exercise of the privilege. the witness would 
have testified adversely to the interest of the debtor or the committee. 
and denying motion to admit into evidence its list of proposed ques-
tions and an order finding the answers to be in the affirmative.): Kon-
tos it Kontos. 968 F. Supp. 400. 406 (S.D.N.Y. 1997) (holding that no 
adverse inference can be imputed to a defendant by the invocation of 
INSIGHTS, Volume 24, Number 12, December 2010 
EFTA00593669
--- PAGE 10 ---
the Fifth Amendment privilege by her sister. since the drawing of such 
an adverse inference would only hinder the search for truth.): Garfish 
v. UA IV. 284 E Supp. 2d 782. 798 (ED. Mi. 2003) (allowing adverse 
inferences because the non-party witness was a key figure in the case, 
and had an interest in the dismissal of the lawsuit as the ultimate issues 
of liability involved his allegedly wrongful conduct, but also finding 
that the adverse inference did not save the other party from summary 
judgment). 
17. 717 F.2d 700 (2d Cir. 1983). 
18. 717 F.2d 700. 710; me also Federal Deposit Insurance Corp it Fidel-
ity & Deposit Company of Maryland. 45 F.3d 969. 977 (5th Or. 1995) 
(holding that 'the fact that the witness no longer serves the party in an 
'officialcapacitydocs not present a bar to requiring the witness to assert 
the privilege in front of the jury."). 
19. 808 F.2d 271. 275 (3d Cir. 1986). 
20. 808 F.2d 271. 275. 
21. Data General Corp.. 825 F. Stipp. at 352. 
22. 825 F. Supp. at 352. see also Veranda Beach Club Limited Partnership 
v. Western Surety Ca. et at. 936 E2d 1364. 1374 (1st Cir. 1991) (finding 
insufficient evidence to allow the invocation of the personal privilege 
to be imputed to the corporate defendants): Data General. 825 F. Supp. 
txxxl. 352 (distinguishing case from Veranda Beach, because plaintiff 
laid sufficient grounds for admission of employee deposition. where as 
in Veranda Beach, there was little evidence to show that the corporate 
employer was closely involved or aware of the disputed transaction and 
alleged wrongdoing.). 
23. 717 F.2d 700. 
24. 717 F.2d 700. 710. 
25. 717 F.2d 700. 708. 
26. 717 F.2d 700. 
27. 808 F.2d 271. 
28. 808 F.2d 271. 
29. 808 F.2d 271. 275-276. 
30. 808 F.2d 271. 276. 
31. 808 F.2d 271.276 (citing The Conjurer's Circle—The Fifth Amend-
ment Privilege in Civil Cases, 91 Yale L.J. 1062. 1119 (1985)). 
32. 808 F.2d 271. 276. see alto AEL Industries. Inc. v. Abate: et at. No. 
88-0391.1989 US. Dist. LEXIS 9821. •IO (ED. Pa. August U. 1989) (fol-
lowing RAD Services and holding that the assertion of the Fifth Amend-
ment privilege and an adverse inference from this assertion were admissible 
in light of the relationship between the panics (employee—stockholder). 
including the payment by defendant of the witness's legal fees). 
33. Cerro Gordo Charity v Fireman's Fund Ins. 819 E2d 1471. 1481(8th 
Cir. 1987). 
34. 819 F.2d 1471. 1481-1482. 
35. 819 F.2d 1471. 1481-1482. 
36. 819 F.2d 1471. 1482. 
37. 819 F.2d 1471. 1481. 
38. 968 F. Supp. 400..408 (S.D. Ind. 1997). 
39. 968 F. Supp. 400. 408. 
40. See. e.g.. Agster v. Maricopa County. 422 F.3d 836 (9th Cr.. 2005). 
Jackson it County of Sacramento. 175 F.R.D. 653 (E.D. Cal. 1997): lad-
win v. County of Kern. No. k07-cv-0026-OWW-TAG, 2008 WL 2025093 
(ED. Cal. 2008). 
41. Black's Law Dictionary 876 (8th ed. 2004) (emphasis added). 
42. See Fed. R. Evid. 501 ("[Wlith respect to an element of a claim 
or defense as to which State law supplies the rule of decision. the 
privilege of a witness. person, government. State. or political subdivision 
thereof shall be determined in accordance with State law."): see also. 
Crenshaw 
Mony Life Ins Ca. 318 F. Supp. 2d 1015. 1024 
(SD. Cal. 2004). 
43. 905 F. Supp. 808 (N.D. Cal. 1995). 
44. 905 F. Supp. 808. 
45. 905 F. Sapp. 808. 811. 
46. 905 F. Supp. 808. 811-812. 
47. 905 F. Supp. 808. 811. 
48. See generally 905 F. Sum 808. 
49. 905 F. Supp. 808. 812. 
50. 905 F. Supp. 808. 810. 
51. Ohio v. Reiner. 532 U.S. 17.21 (2001). 
52. Watts v. Indiana. 338 U.S 49. 59 (1949) (Jackson. 1. concurring in 
part and dissenting in part). 
53. Reiner. 532 U.S. 17. 21. 
54. See Erie R. Ca it Tompkins 304 U.S. 64. 78 (1938) (superseded by 
statute on other grounds as stated in Chapman & Cole v. het Container 
Intl AV, 865 E2d 676 (5th Cir. 1989)): Shannon-Vail Fire Inc it Bunch. 
270 F.3d 1207. 1210 (9th Cir. 2001): see also Stud it Duns Intern. Air-
lines. 727 E2d 880. 881 (9th Cir. 1984) (applying California law. because 
jurisdiction in that case was based on both diversity of citizenship and 
federal question). 
55. See Pasadena Oil & Gat IVym. LLC v. Mont Oil Props, Inc. No. 
07-35896. 2009 WL 794678 at •1 (9th Or. March 26, 2009) (citing Fed. 
R. Evid. 501. last sentence). 
56. See People it Holloway. 33 Cal. 4th 96. 131-132 (Cal. 2004): see 
also People v. Mincey. 2 Cal. 4th 408. 441 (Cal. 1992) (holding that 
trial court's refusal to compel a non-party witness to assert their Fifth 
Amendment privilege in the presence of the jury was proper). 
57. People v Johnson. 39 Cal. App 3d 749. 760 (Cal. Ct. App. 1974) 
(quoting Boit v. United States. 439 F.2d 536 (D.C. Cir. 1970)). 
58. 39 Cal. App. 3d 749. 760. 
59. See Holloway. 33 Cal. 4th 96.. 132. 
60. People it Frierson. 53 Cal. 3d 730.743 (Cal. 1991). 
INSIGHTS, Volume 24, Number 12, December 2010 
EFTA00593670
--- PAGE 11 ---
61. See. e.g. Arredondo n Ortiz. 365 E3d 778. 781. 783-784 (9th Cir. 
62. 819 F.2d 1471. 1482 (8th Cir. 1987). 
2004) (holding that trial court was correct in refusing to permit a witness 
63. 733 F.2d 509.521-522 (8th Cu. 1980) (internal quotations omitted). 
to testify xten it had been informed in advance that the witness would 
64. 733 F.2d 509. 521 
assert his Fifth Amendment privikge): Sanders a United States. 373 F.2d 
65. 05 F.3d %9 (5th Cir. 1995). 
735. 735-736 (9th Cir. 1967) (reversing on the grounds that requiring 
66. 05 F.3d 969.978. 
a witness to assert his privilege repeatedly on the stand was inherently 
67. Glanzer. 232 E3d 1258. 1266 & n.2. 
prejudicial). 
68. 232 F.3d 1258.1266 & n.2. 
2011 Aspen Publishers. All Rights Reserved. 
Reprinted from Insights December 2010, Volume 24, Number 12, pages 13-22, 
with permission from As n Publishers, a Wolters Kluwer business, New York, NY, 
www.aspenpublishers.com. 
0. Wolters Kluwer 
Law & Business 
INSIGHTS, Volume 24, Number 12, December 2010 
EFTA00593671

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593672.pdf
----------------------------------------
10/25/2015 
Dorel Lador Enterprises Inc. 
Ho11 wood, FL. 33021 
To: B.A. Construction (Brian) 
For: 358 El Brillo 
Palm Beach, FL. 
Back Bateaux: 
- Cut marble with diamonds 
- Refinish the surface 
- New sealer (511 impregnator) 
Total: $5,085 
EFTA00593672
--- PAGE 2 ---
• Materials and labor are included 
• Stairs to balcony are NOT included 
EFTA00593673

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593674.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
VS. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
NOTICE OF CANCELLATION OF DEPOSITION 
TO: 
All counsel on the attached Counsel List 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned attorneys cancel the deposition of: 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
DATE AND TIME 
LOCATION 
John G. White, III, Esq. 
August 26, 2015 
(Expert) 
10:00 a.m. 
Searcy Denney Scarola 
Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this 7411
6: 2015. 
cc: 
Phipps Reporting, Inc. 
Jack Caly a 
Fl  da/ Bar No.: 
ey E-Mail:
and 
ary E-Mail: 
'Seam  Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Fax
Fax: 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00593674

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593675.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593675.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
Document generated Mon. 28 September 2015 09:14:24 
Any changes made after this time are not reflected below 
Page 1 of 3 
Travel Arrangements for BANASIAK/JANUSZ 
American Express Travel Record Locator TFFFSH 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 1 
When Overseas Call Collect 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing authorization is received. Please contact your 
travel office by 11:59 PM on September 29, or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Monday 12 Oct 15 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
HBP3YJ 
Delta Air Lines 
DL2358 
West Palm Beach. Palm Beach International 
New York. La Guardia 
08:04 AM 
10:59 AM 
Terminal D 
U Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Travel Details 
Flight Information 
Thursday 22 Oct 15 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 55 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 717 
Meal 
Refrshmnt/Pur 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
HBP3YJ 
Delta Air Lines 
DL2370 
New York. La Guardia 
West Palm Beach. Palm Beach International 
06:05 PM 
09:18 PM 
Terminal D 
E Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 13 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 717 
Meal 
Refrshmnt/Pur 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 3 
Itinerary TFFFSH 
AN'EFtICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00593675
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Additional Messages 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCUFtACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR mNERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
• 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 72 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS - 
• 90 MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
• PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
• 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centwion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS & RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival, when available• 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each properly. such as a 5100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for additional details at .www imPricanPxon-ss r cm.1—
To book your stay. visit amerIcanexpress.cornifhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cat Centurion Travel Seneca for details 
• Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at wvey.alliartz.com. Please note. if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour, cruise. accommodations, transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includng, without limitation. as cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to, daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
• Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodicaly review viww.Visacentratcomramax for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit repArements for your travel 
destination. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any bailey for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
• Air Transportation Important airline ticket terms and collations and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit http://myamextravel.com/statickonditions fa more information. 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard Street in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and solids. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in yon luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or 
on your person. A violation can result in five years' imprisonment and penalties of $250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials nclude explosives. compressed 
gases. flammable bquids and solids. oxidizers. poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Pants. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles. and 
radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smokeig 
materials carried on your person. For further information contact your Brine representative or visit http±wwiv.faa.gov,'abccit'init. atveshazwal sasetyt 
Page 2 of 3 
Itinerary TFFFSH 
kA
ER
ZI 
OCPRESS 
EFTA00593676
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amer) act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury, expense cr damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly. from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations, accidents or 
faiures of equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civi 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the pubkc intemet telecommunications lines or facilities. IX third party technology systems. IX any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you ri finding travel suppliers and makrig arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider venous factors in identifying 
travel suppliers to you and recommendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
cabal suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supportng technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements. including levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including suppler availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
• 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a dam with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your daim 
and a $35 processing fee. CAaimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001; Larkspur. CA 94977-6001: a by 
visiting TCRC's website at: wiwricronfo.org. 
• WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within they (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
California CST#1022318. Washington Ufill#500-469-694. Iowa TAr002. 
Page 3 of 3 
Itinerary TFFFSH 
:AmEWAN 
EGRESS 
EFTA00593677

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593678.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
INVOICE 
Generated: Tue. 22 September 2015 141:25:36 
Page 1 of 3 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
Agent Details 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 WC 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket Information for 
Charges 
Airline Name 
Aeroflot 
Ticket Date 
22/09/2015 
Total Charged to American Express 
170.00 
Ticket Number 
7682578063 
Invoice 
2148982 
Electronic 
Yes 
Ticket Base Fare 
397.00 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
393.40 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
790.40 
Ticket Exchange 
Onginal Fare/Ticket Credit - 4899 
(733.40) 
New Fare/Ticket - 7682578063 
790.40 
Amount Charge/Credit 
57.00 
Airline Ticket Exchange Fee 
113.00 
The Baggage Rules of Aefollot apply to this itinerary, and can be accessed by visiting 
http.11invarnextravol.comibaquage 
Travel Details 
Saturday 26 Sep 15 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF LITHUANIA MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
ero o 
Flight 
SU103 
Origin 
New York. John F Kennedy International 
Destination 
Moscow. Sheremetyevo 
Departing 
07:10 PM 
Arriving 
11:25 AM/27 Sep 2015 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal 1 
Arrival Terminal 
Terminal D - Domestic/Intl 
Class 
T Economy Class 
Seats 
Unassigned 
Assigned Seating Is Restricted To Airport Check In 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 15 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 777-300Er 
Meal 
Dinner Snack 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
Page 1 of 3 
Invoice XYGBWN 
Z
AVEFtICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00593678
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Travel Details 
Sunday 27 Sep 15 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Sullying 
Departure Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Assigned Seating Is Restricted To Airport Check In 
Thank You For Choosing American Express Travel Services 
Aeroflot 
SU2108 
Moscow, Sheremetyevo 
Vilnius, Vilnius 
08:45 PM 
10:20 PM 
Terminal E International 
T Economy Class 
Unassigned 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated lime 
Hr 35 Mins 
Equipment 
Airbus Industrie A319 
Meal 
Snack 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
Hotel Offers 
American Express Travel offers FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS properties in your travel destination! Take advantage of your Centwion benefits by booking your hotel stay 
through FINE HOTELS 8 RESORTS and receive access to these complimentary benefits with each reservation: 
• Noon check-In, when available 
• Room Upgrade upon arrival, when available' 
• Daily breakfast for two people 
• Guaranteed 4pm late checkout 
• Additional special amenity unique to each property, such as a 3100 food and beverage credit or a massage for two people" 
See Program terms and conditions for addrtional details at loWW a me rica n 
To book your stay, visit americanexpress.cornffhr or call your Travel Office. 
• Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade: cal Centurion Travel Service for details 
•' Benefits vary by property: call Centurion Travel Service for details. 
Optional travel insurance can be purchased at www.allianzcom. Please note, if you make any changes in the future to your travel plans. please be sure to update the 
insurance provider. 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures a advertisements describing any tour, cruise. accommodations. transportation or other servkes. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services including. without limitation. al cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. P:ease be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to squire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Page 2 of 3 
Invoice XYGBWN 
AMERIcAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00593679
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
Fritry anti Fiat Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodicalty review mny.Visecentratcomtemex for the most up to date and accurate entry/exit rethirements for your travel 
death-ration. Due to frequent changes. American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate 
or incomplete information contained on that site. 
Air Transportation Important aline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit rittp://myamextravel.comistatictoonditions for more information 
Please note that U.S. Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' 
imprisonment and penalties of 5250.000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives. compressed gases. flammable liquids and scbds. oxidizers. 
poisons. corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints. lighter fluid. fireworks. tear gases. oxygen bottles, and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special 
exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For 
further information contact your airline representative or visit bfloYEAtiviw (an gpytahoutiinitiatiyeshamat_g slaty  . 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense or damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations. accidents a 
failures of equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the pubic intemel, telecommunications lines or faciMies. or third party technology systems. or any other 
cane beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you n finding travel suppliers and makng arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppbers to you and reconmendng specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and supporta-is technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppbers and these arrangements. ncluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive. are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including suppber avalability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppbers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CAI IFORNIA' This transaction is covered by the Cakfornia Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located ki California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a dam with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider a such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed 515.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your dam 
and a $35 processeig fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 6001; Larkspur, CA 949774001; a by 
visiting TCRC's website at: wonvicronfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within Orly (30) days of receNing the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product and/or date. 
California CSTII1022318, Washington UBI4500-469-694. Iowa TA4002. 
Page 3 of 3 
Invoice XYGBWN 
AMERICAN 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00593680

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593681.pdf
----------------------------------------
ART USE AGREEMENT 
AP NARROWS IT 
THIS ART USE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made by and between AP 
Narrows LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the "Partnership"); Barry J. Cohen, as 
Manager (the "Manager") of the LDB 2011 LLC (the "Company"), a Delaware limited 
liability company; Barry J. Cohen, John J. Hannan and Richard Ressler, as the trustees 
(the "APO! Trustees") of the trust created under the APO1 Agreement dated October 25, 
2013 ("APO1 Agreement"); Barry J. Cohen, John J. Hannan and Richard Ressler, as the 
trustees (the "APO2 Trustees") of the trust created under the APO2 Declaration dated 
February 20, 2014 ("APO2 Declaration"); Bradley J. Wechsler, as the trustee (the "APO-
B Trustee") of the trust created under the APO-B Trust dated 
2015 (the "APO-B Trust") (the APO-B Trustee together with the APO1 Trustees and the 
APO2 Trustees, collectively the "Trustees"); Narrows Holdings, LLC ("Holdings"), a 
Delaware limited liability company; Leon D. Black ("LDB" and together with the 
Trustees and Holdings, the "Partners"); and Debra R. Black ("DRB") (the Partnership, 
the Company, the Partners and DRB, collectively, the "Parties"). 
WHEREAS, the Partnership owns a 100% membership interest in the Company; 
WHEREAS, the Partnership, directly, or indirectly through its ownership of the 
Company, owns the items of art listed on the attached Schedule A (the "Art")-
WHEREAS, by Section 8.1.1 of the Limited Partnership Agreement of the 
Partnership, dated February 24, 2015, the Class B General Partners have full authority to 
make all decisions regarding use of the Partnership property, including the Art, by the 
Partners during any period that such property is not being rented for fair market value or 
loaned for exhibition by the Partnership (a "Use Period")• 
WHEREAS, the Partners collectively own a 100% partnership interest in the 
Partnership; 
WHEREAS, the Art currently is not otherwise rented for fair market value; 
WHEREAS, the Class B General Partners have determined (and the Company 
agrees) to permit the rent-free use of the Art during each Use Period by LDB, the 
Trustees and Holdings, as sole Partners, and the Partners have agreed to such use; 
WHEREAS, DRB is a beneficiary of APO1 Agreement and the APOI Trustees 
have the power to permit DRB to use trust property; 
WHEREAS, DRB is a beneficiary of APO2 Declaration and the APO2 Trustees 
have the power to permit DRB to use trust property; 
WHEREAS, DRB is a beneficiary of APO-B Trust and the APO-B Trustee has 
the power to permit DRB to use trust property; 
An Use Agreement-AP Narrows LP. LDB 2011 LLC. Partners of AP Narrows LP 
US1:9700558v8 
EFTA00593681
--- PAGE 2 ---
WHEREAS, the Trustees have determined, to the extent the Trustees may use the 
Art, to permit the rent-free use of the Art by DRB during such Use Period, and DRB has 
agreed to such use; 
WHEREAS, the Parties would like to formalize the terms under which the 
Trustees, the Company and the Partnership have agreed to allow LDB and DRB 
(collectively, the "Tenants") to use the Art during a Use Period; and 
WHEREAS, the Tenants acknowledge that the Art listed on Schedule A not 
presently on loan for exhibition is currently in their possession and is in good condition. 
NOW THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows: 
1. INSURANCE. The Partnership shall be required to maintain, and shall pay all 
premiums with respect to, all risk property insurance coverage for the Art during 
the term of this Agreement. The Tenants shall be provided with a copy of such 
coverage and shall be immediately notified of any change or cancellation of such 
insurance. 
2. LIABILITY. Each of the Tenants agrees that he or she shall be liable to the 
Partnership for any damage to or loss of the Art during a Use Period that is not 
covered by the Partnership's property insurance, but only to the extent that such 
damage or loss is a direct result of such Tenant's gross negligence or willful 
misconduct. 
3. RENT-FREE USE. The Tenants shall not be required to make any payment to 
the Partnership or Partners in exchange for the use of the Art. 
4. OBLIGATION OF TENANTS. Each of the Tenants agrees that he or she shall, 
during each Use Period: 
a. maintain possession of the Art on behalf of the Partnership during the 
term of this Agreement; 
b. maintain the Art in good condition and comply with all reasonable 
recommendations which may be made by any expert employed by the 
Partnership concerning the conditions in which the Art should be kept for 
the purposes of maintaining the Art in good condition; provided, 
however, the Parties agree that the Art may be subject to gradual inherent 
deterioration for which no Party is responsible; 
c. undertake such work of conservation as reasonably may be required by 
the Partnership and to comply with any terms reasonably laid down by the 
Partnership as to the manner in which and the persons by whom any such 
works of conservation may be conducted; 
d. notify the Partnership immediately of any damage to or theft of the Art; 
Doti: USI:9700558v8 
EFTA00593682
--- PAGE 3 ---
e. take all reasonable steps to preserve the Art in a clean and reasonable 
state of repair (damages by fire and other insurable risks excepted); and 
f. permit the Partnership or any person authorized by the Partnership at 
reasonable times and upon reasonable notice to inspect the Art and to give 
the Partnership at all times reasonable information as to the location of 
the Art. 
5. TERM. This Agreement shall terminate on the day prior to the first anniversary 
of the Effective Date (as defined below). The Tenants shall have the right to 
extend the term of this Agreement for consecutive terms of one (1) year each. 
Such extensions shall be automatic for so long as the Partners own the 
Partnership, the Partnership owns the Art, DRB is a beneficiary of the APO1 
Agreement, APO2 Declaration and APO-B Trust and the Tenants are then living; 
provided, however, that each of the Tenants and the Partnership shall have the 
right to elect not to extend the term of this Agreement by giving written notice to 
the other Parties at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the then current 
term. Such notice shall be delivered to the other Parties pursuant to paragraph 8 
hereof. 
6. TERMINATION AND RETURN OF ART. Upon termination of this Agreement 
pursuant to paragraph 5 hereof, no Party shall have any further obligation to the 
other Parties, except as specifically provided in this paragraph. The Tenants shall 
return the Art to the Partnership within thirty (30) business days of termination at 
such Tenant's expense and to such address as the Partnership shall direct in a 
written notice delivered to such Tenant. The provisions of paragraphs I and 2, 
relating to insurance and liability for damage to the Art, shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement and shall continue until the Art has been delivered 
to the Partnership in accordance with this paragraph. 
7. ART VALUATION IN EVENT OF LOSS OR DAMAGE. In the event of 
damage to or total loss of any item of the Art during a Use Period, the value of 
such item for purposes of adjusting claims for such loss shall be the fair market 
value of such item as agreed to by the Partnership and their insurance 
underwriters. For this purpose the "fair market value" of an item of Art shall 
mean the amount for which such item could have been sold immediately before 
the physical loss or damage which reduced the value of the item to the Partners 
and results in a claim for loss. 
8. NOTICES. Any notice required herein shall be deemed to have been delivered to 
a Party at such time as it is actually received by such Party. Notices shall be 
delivered to a Party at the address set forth below, unless such Party provides 
another address to the other Party for purposes of delivering notices. 
To: DRB: 
Debra R. Black 
New York, New York 10021 
Doti: USI:9700558v8 
EFTA00593683
--- PAGE 4 ---
To: APO1 Agreement 
Or APO2 Declaration: 
To: APO-B Trust: 
To: Holdings: 
To: the Company: 
To: LDB: 
John J. Hannan, Trustee 
/o El sium Mana ement LLC 
New York, New York 10022 
Bradley J. Wechsler, Trustee 
/o El sium Mana ement LLC 
New York, New York 10022 
Leon D. Black, Sole Member and 
New York, New York 10021 
Barry J. Cohen, Manager 
/o El sium Mana ement LLC 
New York, New York 10022 
on D. Black 
New York, New York 10021 
To: the Partnership: 
Bradley J. Wechsler, Trustee of APO-B 
Trust, Class B General Partner 
9. ENTIRE AGREEMENT/CHOICE OF LAW. This Agreement contains the 
entire understanding between the Parties with respect to the Art and may only be 
modified by a written document signed by all Parties. This Agreement shall be 
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 
10. EFFECTIVE DATE. This Agreement shall be effective as of 
2015 (the "Effective Date"). 
11. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts which, 
taken together, shall be treated as an original instrument. 
[Signature Page Follows] 
Doti: USI:9700558v8 
EFTA00593684
--- PAGE 5 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Art Use 
Agreement as of the Effective Date. 
Debra R. Black 
Leon D. Black 
APO1 AGREEMENT 
By: 
Barry J. Cohen, Trustee 
By: 
Richard Ressler, Trustee 
By: 
John J. Hannan, Trustee 
APO2 DECLARATION 
By: 
Barry J. Cohen, Trustee 
By: 
Richard Ressler, Trustee 
By: 
John J. Hannan, Trustee 
APO-B TRUST 
By: 
Bradley J. Wechsler, Trustee 
An Use Agreement-AP Narrows LP. LDB 2011 LLC. Partners of AP Narrows LP 
Dori: US1:9700558v8 
EFTA00593685
--- PAGE 6 ---
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC 
By: 
Leon D. Black, Sole Member and 
Authorized Person 
LDB 2011 LLC 
By: 
Barry J. Cohen, Manager 
AP NARROWS LP 
APO-B Trust, Class B General Partner 
By: 
Bradley J. Wechsler, Trustee 
An Use Agreement-AP Narrows LP. LDB 2011 LLC. Partners of AP Narrows LP 
Doc$: US1:9700558v8 
EFTA00593686
--- PAGE 7 ---
SCHEDULE A 
ART USE AGREEMENT 
An Use Agreement-AP Narrows LP. LDB 2011 LLC. Partners of AP Narrows LP 
Doc$: US1:9700558v8 
EFTA00593687

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593688.pdf
----------------------------------------
ADW Capital Partners, L.P. 
111/4/2015 
3rd Quarter and 2015 YTD Performance Report ("} 
Gross Return 
2015 
Q3 
2015 
YTD 
Inception 
To Date 
Average 
Annual Return 
0.01% 
13.40% 
331.10% 
36.02% 
Dow Jones 
-6.91% 
-6.93% 
56.88% 
I 
9.94% 
NASDAQ 
-7.09% 
-1.61% 
82.29% 
I 
13.47%
(1) The table above reflects the performance of the Fund for the current quarter, year-to-date and since inception of 
the Fund. Net returns are net of underlying management and performance fees and expenses as well as brokerage 
and/or custodial fees and expenses. All returns include the reinvestment of dividends and other earnings. Quarterly 
and year-to-date figures are estimates and unaudited and have been calculated by the Fund's independent 
administrator. SS&C Fund Services. The Fund's performance results have been audited for calendar years 2011. 
2012. 2013. and 2014 by the Fund's independent auditor. Marcum LLP. Inception-to-date figures incorporate audited 
results from prior years and unaudited results from the current year. Statements from the fund's prime broker (BTIG) 
and custodian (Goldman Sachs) can be provided upon further request. Past performance is not necessarily an 
indication of future performance or profitability. See Important Notes on page 4. 
(2) References to Dow Jones, S&P 500, NASDAQ, Russell 2000 and other indices are for informational 
purposes only. See Important Notes on page 4. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00593688
--- PAGE 2 ---
ADW Capital Partners, L.P. 
11/4/2015 
Dear Partners, 
It is our pleasure to report results for the 3rd quarter of 2015 and our 19th quarter since 
inception. 
At the risk of sounding like a broken record, we want to reiterate a critical point discussed in all 
quarterly letters. ADW Capital Partners, L.P. (the "Fund") operates a concentrated, tax-sensitive 
and long-term strategy designed to minimize correlation to the broader indices with a focus on 
avoiding permanent capital loss. Inevitably, this approach will result in periods of 
underperformance. By the same token, our efforts to maintain a lower correlation strategy driven 
by company-specific outcomes may produce significant outperformance in periods of market 
weakness, as we saw in 2011. We are not traders, return chasers or month-to-month stock 
jockeys. We are investors who look for opportunities to return multiples on the Fund's capital in 
a tax-efficient manner over an extended period of time. While this strategy may yield lumpy 
results, we believe it limits idea dilution and protects the Fund's returns from Uncle Sam and 
Wall Street. 
Portfolio Update -- Our Patient Approach at Work: 
While the Fund is not always in a position to discuss names in the portfolio because we are 
actively adding or subtracting to a position, we do like to update our partners on certain 
situations when we feel it is appropriate and not detrimental to the Fund's activities. 
Imvescor Restaurant Group (TSX:IRG) 
The Fund initially profiled our investment in lmvescor — "IRG" in our 3O 2013 letter. At our initial 
purchase price — CAD $1.50, we believed we were purchasing a stable of underinvested but 
stalwart brands in the Canadian casual dining industry at roughly 5x EBIT(DA). The Company's 
valuation was at least half of the peer groups and felt that it provided a substantial margin of 
safety. Given the stability of the Company's cash flows and the immense G&A synergies 
available to a strategic buyer ($6.10 mm), we perceived our worst case would be a sale of the 
Company to a competitor at a 75 -100 percent premium. 
While Imvescor did not necessarily play out the way we had initially expected, our underwriting 
case allowed us a second bite at the apple. It turned out that original management (CEO) of 
lmvescor was really more of an investment banker than restauranteur and was strangling 
franchisor/franchisee relationships. The CEO then convinced the Board to put the Company up 
for sale. We were initially excited about the announcement of the strategic alternatives process 
but our research revealed that there were flies in the ointment that were ultimately going to 
prevent a sale at an optimal price. The Board ultimately concluded the process and realized that 
the best course of action was to bring in a top class CEO to reinvigorate the Company and its 
brands. Frank Hennessy was appointed just about a year ago and in that very short period has 
convinced the vast majority of the Company's franchise partners to renovate their stores while 
simultaneously lowering their food costs and returning them to positive same store sales. While 
the investment has been somewhat of a roller coaster effectively round tripping from September 
2013 to September 2014, the Fund has earned roughly a 30 percent IRR on its investment 
(including dividends) to date and is hugely optimistic that Frank and his team will be able to take 
the Company to the next level. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00593689
--- PAGE 3 ---
ADW Capital Partners, L.P. 
111/4/2015 
Diamond Resorts International (NYSE:DRII) 
We initially profiled our investment in Diamond Resorts (DRII) in our 1Q 2014 letter. We were 
attracted to Diamond by the highly recurring nature of the Company's cash flows, the imminent 
refinancing opportunity available, and the Company's extremely high insider ownership. The 
Company was trading at roughly 4x 2015 FCF when we first began purchasing shares. Today 
the Company's shares have appreciated over sixty percent since we first purchased them and 
still trade at 4x 2016 FCF. Last week the Fund in conjunction with another large shareholder 
shared its views on the Company's material undervaluation. You can find the letter here at: 
ht10://fi nance.yahoo.cominews/f rontfour-capital-adw-capital-send-110000077. htm I 
We believe management's alignment and prior history/experience in private equity provides a 
nice framework for value creation going forward. While we have full faith that Management / the 
Board will take the necessary steps to maximize shareholder value, the Fund is committed to 
narrowing the valuation gap and will monitor the team's actions closely. 
Operational Update/Conclusion: 
The Fund is doing well in 2015 and continues to grow. We have settled into our new office at 
1133 Broadway and would encourage you to stop by and see us anytime. We want to thank all 
of you again for the opportunity to steward your capital and look forward to many more years 
with you as partners. 
As always, we are available to answer any and all of your questions regarding the operations of 
the Fund or about the exciting opportunity set we are currently deploying capital into. 
Regards, 
Adam D. Wyden 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00593690
--- PAGE 4 ---
ADW Capital Partners, L.P. 
I 11/4/2015 
IMPORTANT NOTES 
This report is being furnished by ADW Capital Management, LLC ("ADW') on a confidential 
basis to existing limited partners in ADW Capital Partners, L.P. (the "Fund') and does not 
constitute an offer, solicitation or recommendation to sell or an offer to buy any securities, 
investment products or investment advisory services. This report is being provided to existing 
limited partners for informational purposes only, and may not be disseminated, communicated 
or otherwise disclosed by the recipient to any third party without the prior written consent of 
ADW. Any offer or solicitation of an investment in the Fund may be made only by delivery of the 
Fund's confidential private offering memorandum to qualified investors. 
An investment in the Fund involves a significant degree of risk, and there can be no assurance 
that its investment objectives will be achieved or that its investments will be profitable. Unless 
otherwise noted, the performance results of the Fund included in this report are presented on a 
net-of-fees basis and reflect the deduction of, among other things, underlying management and 
performance fees and expenses as well as brokerage and/or custodial fees and expenses. 
Performance results also include the reinvestment of dividends and other earnings. Certain of 
the performance information presented in this report are unaudited estimates based upon the 
information available to ADW as of the date hereof, and are subject to subsequent revision as a 
result of the Fund's audit. An investor's actual performance and actual fees may differ from the 
performance information shown due to, among other factors, capital contributions, withdrawals 
and eligibility to participate in "new issues." The value of investments can go down as well as 
up. Past performance is not necessarily an indication of future performance or profitability. An 
investment in the Fund is subject to a wide variety of risks and considerations as detailed in the 
confidential private offering memorandum of the Fund. 
References to Dow Jones, S&P 500, NASDAQ, Russell 2000 and other indices herein are for 
informational and general comparative purposes only. There are significant differences between 
such indices and the investment program of the Fund. The Fund does not invest in all or 
necessarily any significant portion of the securities, industries or strategies represented by such 
indices. References to indices do not suggest that the Fund will, or is likely to achieve returns, 
volatility or other results similar to such indices. 
This report and the accompanying discussion include forward-looking statements. All 
statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, including any statements 
that relate to future market conditions, results, operations, strategies or other future conditions 
or developments and any statements regarding objectives, opportunities, positioning or 
prospects. Forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon speculation, expectations, 
estimates and assumptions that are inherently unreliable and subject to significant business, 
economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies. Forward-looking statements are not 
a promise or guaranty about future events. 
The information in this presentation is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, 
accounting, legal, or tax advice or investment recommendations. Each recipient should consult 
its own tax, legal, accounting, financial, or other advisors about the issues discussed herein. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00593691

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593692.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593692.pdf
----------------------------------------
JMWT Fees Analysis 
Date 
Supplier 
Invoice 
Number 
Category Description 
Amount 
1/30/2015 
HMRC 
Corp Card 
Fines 
TPS HRMC - Tax Penalties Re JMWT Ltd - 02/01/15 
£ 
203.00 
1/30/2015 
HMRC 
Corp Card 
Fines 
TPS HRMC - Tax Penalties Re JMWT TOPCO Ltd - 02/01/15 
£ 
203.00 
1/30/2015 
HMRC 
Corp Card 
Fines 
TPS HRMC - Tax Penalties Re JMWT MIDCO Ltd - 02/01/15 
£ 
203.00 
5/18/2015 
HMRC 
Corp Card 
Fines 
HM Revenue & Customs - Corp Tax Fine JMWT Midco Ltd - 18/03/15 
£ 
202.80 
8/10/2015 
HMRC 
Fines 
Refund of penalty 
-£ 
200.31 
5/18/2015 
HMRC 
Corp Card 
Fines 
TPS (HMRC) - Corp Tax Fine JMWT Topco Ltd - 18/03/15 
£ 
203.00 
5/18/2015 
HMRC 
Corp Card 
Fines 
TPS (HMRC) - Corp Tax Fine JMWT Ltd. - 18/03/15 
£ 
203.00 
5/18/2015 
HMRC 
Corp Card 
Fines 
TPS (HMRC) - Final Notice Fee JMWT Midco Ltd - 02/04/15 
£ 
101.50 
6/18/2015 
HMRC 
Corp Card 
Fines 
HMRC Corporation Tax - Penalty Fee re JMWT Midco Ltd - 21/05/15 
£ 
101.40 
HMRC Late filing penalties Corp Tax £ 
1,220.39 
7/31/2015 
Companies House Cheque 
Fines 
Chq Issued to Companies House for Late Filing Penatly Invoices Re JMWT 
7/31/2015 
Companies House Cheque 
Fines 
Topco 
£ 
1,500.00 
7/31/2015 
Companies House Cheque 
Fines 
Midco 
£ 
1,500.00 
7/31/2015 
Companies House Cheque 
Fines 
JMWT Ltd 
£ 
1,500.00 
7/31/2015 
Companies House Cheque 
Fines 
JMWT Acquisition LLP 
£ 
1,500.00 
Companies House Late filing penalties Stat Accounts £ 
6,000.00 
EFTA00593692

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593693.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 17TH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR BROWARD 
COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CIVIL DIVISION 
CASE NO.: CACE 15-000072 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and 
PAUL G. CASSELL, 
Plaintiffs/Counterclaim Defendants, 
vs. 
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ, 
Defendant/Counterclaim Plaintiff. 
DEFENDANT/COUNTERCLAIM PLAINTIFF ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ'S 
PROPOSAL FOR SETTLEMENT TO PLAINTIFF/COUNTERCLAIM 
DEFENDANT PAUL G. CASSELL 
Proposal for Settlement pursuant to section 768.79, Florida Statutes, and Florida Rule of 
Civil Procedure 1.442, upon the Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant Paul G. Cassell ("Cassell"): 
I. 
This Proposal is served pursuant to section 768.79, Florida Statutes, and Florida 
Rule of Civil Procedure 1.442. 
2. 
Defendant/Counter-Plaintiff Alan Dershowitz ("Dershowitz") is making this 
Proposal to Cassell, individually. 
3. 
This Proposal resolves all damages that would otherwise be awarded in a final 
judgment against Dershowitz in the action in which this Proposal is served, and all damages that 
would otherwise be awarded in a final judgment against Cassell in the Counter-Claim action in 
which this Proposal is served, in case number CACE 15-000072, in the Seventeenth Judicial 
Circuit in and for Broward County, Florida, subject to subdivision (F) of Rule 1.442(c)(2). 
EFTA00593693
--- PAGE 2 ---
CASE NO: CACE 15-000072 
4. 
Dershowitz proposes to resolve all claims, as described above in paragraph 3, in 
exchange for payment to Dershowitz, by or on behalf of Cassell, in the sum of SEVENTY FIVE 
THOUSAND AND 00/100 DOLLARS ($75,000.00). 
5. 
There are no other conditions or non-monetary terms to this Proposal other than 
the following: 
a. Upon acceptance of this Proposal, Cassell and Dershowitz shall voluntarily 
dismiss, with prejudice, all claims and counterclaims between Cassell and 
Dershowitz. 
6. 
There is presently no valid claim for punitive damages in the Complaint or 
Counter-Claim and, therefore, no portion of this Proposal is offered to settle any claim for 
punitive damages. 
7. 
There is presently no valid claim for attorneys' fees or costs in the Complaint or 
Counter-Claim and, therefore no portion of this Proposal is offered to settle any claim for 
attorneys' fees or costs and both Dershowitz and Cassell would bear his own attorneys' fees and 
costs. 
8. 
Nothing in this Proposal shall be construed as an admission of liability by 
Dershowitz. 
9. 
This Proposal shall remain open for a period of thirty (30) days from date of 
service or until withdrawn in writing, whichever occurs first. 
10. 
This Proposal shall be deemed rejected unless Cassell accepts this Proposal by 
delivery of a written notice of acceptance within thirty (30) days from the date of service hereof. 
No oral communications shall constitute acceptance, rejection or counteroffer of this Proposal. 
11. 
This Proposal may be withdrawn in writing provided the written withdrawal is 
delivered before a written acceptance is delivered. Once withdrawn, this Proposal is void. 
EFTA00593694
--- PAGE 3 ---
CASE NO: CACE 15-000072 
12. 
Failure of Cassell to accept this Proposal may result in an award in favor of 
Dershowitz that includes costs, expenses, and/or reasonable attorneys' fees, as provided for by 
section 768.79, Florida Statutes, and Florida Rule of Civil Procedure 1.442. 
13. 
This Proposal for Settlement is being served upon Cassell, but it shall not be filed 
unless necessary to enforce the provisions. 
Respectfully Submitted, 
sahomas E. Scott 
Thomas E. Scott 
Florida Bar No. 
Steven R. Safra 
Florida Bar No. 
COLE SCOTT & KISSANE P.A. 
Miami, Florida 33156 
Fax
Fax: 
Richard A. Simpson 
admitted ro hac vice 
Mary E. Borja 
admitted ro hac vice 
Ashley E. Eiler 
admitted ro hac vice) 
WILEY REIN LLP 
Washin ton DC 20006 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Counsel for Alan M. Dershowitz 
EFTA00593695
--- PAGE 4 ---
CASE NO: CACE 15-000072 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and accurate copy of the foregoing was served via 
email this 25'h day of September, 2015 to: Jack Scarola, Esq, 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs, Searcy Denney 
, West Palm Beach, Florida 
Miami, Florida 33130. 
Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A., 
33409, 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Attorneys for Prof. Dershowitz 
Miami, Florida 33156 
E-Mail Address: 
E-Mail Address: 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
By: &Thomas E. Scott 
THOMAS E. SCOTT 
EFTA00593696

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593697.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
INVOICE 
Generated: Fn. 29 August 2014 06:56:11 
Page l of 2 
Travel Arrangements for 
American Express Travel Record Locator 
AgentDetails 
Centurion Travel Service 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 M/C 08-03-69 
Phoenix Arizona 85027 
Toll Free 
When Overseas Call Collect 
Ticket Information for 
Charges 
Airline Name 
Delta Air Lines 
Ticket Date 
29/08/2014 
Total Charged to American Express 
567.45 
Ticket Number 
7489956721 
Invoice 
0962594 
Electronic 
Yes 
Ticket Base Fare 
534.85 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees 
32.60 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount 
567.45 
American Express Ticketing Fee 
0.00 
Travel Details 
Other Information 
Saturday 30 Aug 14 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Airline Record Locator 
Airline 
Flight 
Origin 
Destination 
Departing 
Arriving 
Arrival Terminal 
Class 
Seats 
Delta NLines 
DL676 
Charlotte Amalie. Cyril E King Airport 
New York. John F Kennedy International 
1329 
1733 
Terminal 4 
B Economy Class 
30F 
Additional Messages 
Confirmed 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 4 Mins 
Equipment 
Boeing 757-200/300 
Meal 
Food For Purchase 
Number of Stops 
Non-stop 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FUGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS - 
Page 1 of 2 
Invoke YGLAIZ 
AMERICAN 
EGRESS 
EFTA00593697
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 2 
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
Travel Information 
Al services covered by this itinerary we subject to the tens and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set forth on any 
brochures or advertisements describing any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions contained in documents for any such 
services includng. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has 
authority to vary the terms and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges. including, but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be 
applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation. 
Please visit http://myamextravelcomistaticiconditions for more information. 
Liability Statement American Express Travel Related Services Company. Inc. and its parent subsidiaries. affiliates and representatives (collectively. 'Amex') act as an 
agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss. injury. expense a damage to persons or property resulting. directly or 
indirectly. from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers. including but not limited to delays. overbooking's. cancellation of services. cessation of operations, accidents a 
failures of equipment, or changes in fares. itineraries or schedules: or (2) acts of God. fres. earthquakes. floods. climatic aberrations. acts of governmental authorities. civil 
unrest. strikes. riots. theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public internet telecommunications lines or facikties. or third party technology systems. a any other 
cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure Amex assists you ri finding travel suppliers and makng arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying 
travel suppbers to you and recommendrig specific itineraries. In this role. we are acting as an ndependent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that 
certan suppliers pay us commissions as well as ncentives for reaching sales targets or other goals. and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel 
counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them. such as granting them 
access to our marketing charnels. participating in marketing programs and succoring technology initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation from suppliers when 
customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may enter into other 
business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements. ricluding levels and types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying 
suppliers and recommending itineraries. we may consider a number of factors. including supper avalability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers 
may also influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
• 
CALIF ORNIA• This transaction is covered by the Catania Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered and participating in the TCRF at 
the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may file a dam with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more 
than 550 fa transportation or travel services which the seller of travel failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The 
maximum amount which may be paid by the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel. not to exceed $15.000. A 
claim must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient documentation to prove your claim 
and a $35 processng fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale 
for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation: P.O. Box 600t: Larkspur. CA 94977£001: a by 
visiting TCRC's website at: wiwricrenfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. al sums paid to the seller of travel for services not performed in accordance with the 
contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within dirty (30) days of receiving the finds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged. 
or if the funds were not sent to the vendor. the funds shall be returned within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the 
purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply the money to another travel product andlor date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a sewer of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of travel services or a 
vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtan information relating to yow rights under the Recovery 
Fund and the fang of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Find, you may contact the Consumer Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at 
the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue. Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104. Phone: 
Fax 
e-mail: 
NORTHERN NEVADA: 4600 Kietrke Lane. Building B. Suite 113. Reno. Nevada 89502, Phone: ■ 
California CST#1022318. Washington USW600-469-694. Iowa TA#002. Nevada NV#2001 -0126. 
Fax: 
. e-mail: 
Page 2 of 2 
invoice YGLAIZ 
EXPRESS 
EFTA00593698

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593699.pdf
----------------------------------------
Boothbay Absolute Return Strategies LP 
New York, NY 10019 
Southern Financial. LLC 
St. Thomas 00802 
Virgin Islands (U.S.) 
Investor Statement for the Month Ended: April 30, 2015 
Individual Account Statement 
PREPARLDIROM BOOKS WITII3UT AUDI
Investor No: 0033 
PAID (USD) 
YTD (USD) 
Beginning Balance 
10,633,612.77 
10.244.264.10 
Additions 
Redemptions 
Net Income 
43,490.78 
432,839.44 
Ending Balance 
10,677,103.55 
10,677,103.55 
Rate of Return 
0.41% 
4.23% 
NAV 
CONSULTING 
Oneaerail lw MAY eNine. &Inn Inn (Adminwrator) 
Oakbrook Terrace. II_ 60181 USA I P 
www.navconsulang.nel 
EFTA00593699

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593700.pdf
----------------------------------------
US VIRGIN ISLANDS 
BLACK 
SPEBNICK 
KOPNSPAN 
STUMPF 
TRIAL ATTORNEYS 
Telephone: 
Tax ID Number 
Statement Date: 
06/02/2015 
Statement No. 
102 
Account No. 
PREVIOUS BALANCE 
HOURS 
$479.54 
05/27/2015 
RB 
LEGAL FEES - TELEPHONE CALL WITH MARTY WEINBERG RE: PLS 
DISCOVERY AND SUMMARY JUDGMENT MOTION; READ PLEADINGS. 
1.10 
1,540.00 
FOR CURRENT SERVICES RENDERED 
1.10 
1,540.00 
RECAPITULATION 
TIMEKEEPER 
HOURS HOURLY RATE 
TOTAL 
Roy Black 
1.10 
$1,400.00 
$1,540.00 
05/15/2015 
COSTS ADVANCED Thomson Reuters - West - Invoice #831718932 dtd 5/1/15 
5.66 
TOTAL EXPENSES 
5.66 
THIS PERIOD'S TRANSACTIONS 
1,545.66 
05/07/2015 
PAYMENT DEPOSIT NO 2947 
-479.50 
TOTAL OUTSTANDING 
$1,545.70 
Your Trust Account #2 Balance is 
OPENING BALANCE 
05/06/2015 
DEPOSIT 1173 
05/06/2015 
Transfer towards costs & fees 
PAYEE: Black. Srebnick, Kornspan & 
CLOSING BALANCE 
$0.00 
479.50 
-479.50 
$0.00 
Total Outstanding 
$1,545.70 
Page 1 
MIAMI, FL 33131 
EFTA00593700

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593701.pdf
----------------------------------------
(MUNSON)
Burlington WA USA 98233 
Phone: 
Fax: 
www.munsonboats.com 
June 2, 2015 
Specification And Quotation 
For One 
40' PackMan Landing Craft 
For 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
Contact: Richard Kahn 
Phone: 
Email: 
OVERVIEW: The following describes a 40' PackMan welded aluminum high 
2015 production model. The crafts' design and construction (hull, machinery, 
systems) shall comply with the USCG and ABYC regulations where applicable. 
will be submitted for approval prior to construction. Boat shall be delivered as 
key unit ready for service. 
GENERAL SPECIFICATIONS: 
1. Hull Length: 40 feet 
2. Beam: 13 feet 
3. Transom Deadrise: 16 degrees 
4. Persons and Cargo Capacity: 15,000 lbs 
5. Propulsion: Twin 300hp Yamaha Four Stroke outboard motors 
6. Fuel Capacity: 400 gallons 
7. Bow Door Clearance: 96 inches 
8. Bottom Plating: 5/16 inch 5086-H116 
9. Side Plating: 1/4 inch 5086-H116 
10. Deck Plating: 1/4 inch 5052-H32 
11. Centerline Vertical Keel (CVK): 3/4" x6" 6061-T6 
speed landing craft 
and electrical 
Detailed drawings 
a complete turn-
HULL PACKAGE; 
40' PackMan modified vee hull landing craft incorporating a 96" wide bow door. 
Hull shall include three structural bulkheads; the forward collision bulk head shall be watertight, 
the aft bulkheads shall be limbered for drainage via bilge pump. 
8" welded aluminum inspection hatches shall be installed to provide access to all below deck 
EFTA00593701
--- PAGE 2 ---
compartments. 
Six (6) 12" welded aluminum cleats shall be installed. (3 Per Side) 
A 3/4" aluminum double padeye shall be welded on centerline of the bow. 
The transom shall be setup for outboard power and set at 103 degrees off baseline for proper 
outboard trim 
The motor well shall be self-bailing via two 2.5" pipe drains running out through transom. Drains 
shall be equipped with rubber flappers to divert water from entering slop well when operating the 
boat in reverse. 
The stern shall incorporate a full width cross seat/locker forward of the motor well. Lockers will 
house batteries and fuel filter systems and offer general storage. Locker will have two (2) 
weatherproof and lockable aluminum access hatches. 
The hull shall incorporate a 2" pipe gunnel. 
Gunnel Decks shall be 6.5" wide from transom to bow. 
WELDING: 
The hull and superstructure shall be constructed of marine grade aluminum and MIG welded 
throughout. 
All weld seams in the hull shall be welded 100%, both interior & exterior. 
All welding shall be performed in accordance with American Welding Society D1.2-2003 
procedure qualifications. 
HULL OUTFITTING; 
11/4" Sch 40 pipe safety railings shall be installed 36" above main deck along port & stbd sides 
from stern to midship. 
Two (2) 5 lb Divers Dream zinc anodes, shall be installed on brackets that are welded to the 
transom. 
Two (2) 26" wide side doors shall be installed complete with lock (1 Port, 1 Starboard). Doors 
shall swing inboard and forward in direction. 
Two (2) 15" x 24" welded aluminum deck hatches shall be installed in the main deck. 
Eight (8) 2" x 7" open scuppers at midship, two (2) 3"pipe drains in the stern, and two (2) 1" 
pipe drains at the bow shall create a self-bailing main deck. Drains and scuppers shall be sized 
and installed in accordance with ABYC deck drainage requirements. 
One (1) Set of tie down rails shall be installed. Tie down rails consist of 1.25" sch 40 pipe 
installed above the main deck on port and starboard sides with 4" of clearance below the pipe. 
EFTA00593702
--- PAGE 3 ---
One (1) 1/4" x 4" Beaching wear plate shall be installed on the bow forefoot. 
Large 4" D-rubber push knees shall be installed on the port & starboard sides of the bow door. 
Push knees shall be 1/4 " plate double wall construction and shall extend down near the waterline 
for pushing up to docks. 
Nine (9) Removable seat/storage lockers shall be installed on the main deck. These includes a 3" 
seat cushion and backrest with 2" back cushion. Access to lockers is provided via lockable hinge 
top lids. 
BOW DOOR OUTFITTING: 
A 96 inch wide drop down bow door shall be installed to enable personnel transport. 
The hull shall incorporate port and starboard bow lockers framing the door opening. 
12V electric-over-hydraulic rams shall be installed to operate the bow door. 
The bow door shall be outfitted with two (2) 3/4" stainless steel positive locking pin to prevent the 
bow door from opening while underway. 
A replaceable rubber gasket seals the bow door watertight when closed. 
The inside face of the bow door shall be double plated for a smooth working surface. 
Switches to operate the bow door shall be installed locally and at the main console. 
Two (2) 18" wide flip out ramps shall be installed on the top inside edge on the bow door. Ramps 
are to be used for loading passengers or cargo and are adjustable port to starboard. 
The port and starboard bow door lockers shall be extended aft and incorporate 3" seat cushions 
and weatherproof lockable hatches for additional storage. 
FUEL SYSTEM: 
A 400 gallon non-integral fuel tank shall be installed complete with fill, vent, 12V sender and fuel 
level gauge on console. Fuel tank shall be built from 1/4" plate, pressure tested to 4 psi and 
bolted into hull framing using doublers and stainless steel fasteners. 
Two (2) Racor fuel filter/water separators installed complete with shut off valve. 
12V 140 CFM bilge blower installed in fuel tank compartment. 
Fuel system shall comply with U.S. diurnal emission standards. 
WHEELHOUSE: 
A 70" wide x 72" long x 80" tall walk around wheelhouse shall be installed aft on centerline. 
House is constructed from .190" plate and framed as per std. house framing using 1.5" square 
tube. 
EFTA00593703
--- PAGE 4 ---
House is equipped with one Diamond Seaglaze 24" sliding side door. The Door shall have a 
window and lock installed. 
House has aluminum framed sliding windows installed forward on port and starboard sides, 
remaining windows are fixed aluminum framed style. 
The wheelhouse roof is outfitted with 1" pipe top railing. 
The house deck is non skid coated. 
An aluminum control console with angled face and an overhead radio bar shall be installed in the 
wheelhouse on the starboard side. The design will allow the operator to easily steer while both 
sitting & standing. 
The wheelhouse interior shall be insulated with 1.5" Navyboard fiberglass insulation and paneled 
with 1/8" white perforated aluminum sheeting with sound deadening liner. 
A 1" pipe overhead grab rail shall be installed on centerline inside the wheelhouse. 
Pipe ladder rungs shall be welded to one side of the wheelhouse to provide access to the roof. 
Two (2) Bentley Helmsman captain seats shall be installed in the pilot and co-pilot position on 
welded aluminum seat box with storage below. Seats incorporate hinging backrest, 7 1/2" slide, 
and Garelick footrest. 
a1 1,T• 
A 4" pipe davit rated at 1,000lbs. working load shall be installed. Davit is 80" high with 42" reach, 
swivels 360 degrees and is lockable every 90 degrees. A manual hand crank winch, mounted on 
the davit, is standard equipment. 
ANCHORING:
An anchor pulpit shall be installed on the vessel complete with a 12v Lewmar 1000 anchor 
windlass. 
Vessel will include an anchor package consisting of one (1) 351b Manson supreme anchor, 30' of 
3/8" galvanized chain and 150' of 9/16" three strand Proset anchor line. 
TOWING:
4" Sch 80 aluminum pipe tow bit with 1" 316 stainless crucifix pin installed aft on centerline. The 
towing bit shall be sized to accept one round turn and three figure eight's of the towline. 
DIVING:
A removable flip out dive ladder shall be installed on the starboard swim step. 
STERN GUARDS AND PLATFORMS: 
EFTA00593704
--- PAGE 5 ---
A fixed aluminum guard made from 2" aluminum pipe shall be welded to the transom to protect 
the outboard motors. 
Two (2) small welded aluminum swim step with non-skid shall be installed on the transom, offset 
to port and starboard. 
ELECTRICAL SYSTEM: 
The vessel's electrical system shall be 12vDC. 
All electrical cable shall be marine grade copper tinned boat cable and labeled for each circuit. 
Cables should be routed in wireways wherever possible. Wherever exposed to potential damage, 
cables shall be protected with rubber. 
Electrical cable shall be sized in accordance with the American Boat & Yacht Council. 
All electrical cables shall be marked in accordance with the markings in electrical drawings. 
All electrical switches shall be of a heavy-duty type and properly insulated. 
The electrical system shall be grounded. In any case the hull shall not be used as part of a 
galvanic feeding loop. 
12V DC ACCESSORIES: 
Two (2) 12V 8 position distribution panels shall be installed on the console. 
Two (2) 12v self-parking windshield wipers shall be installed on forward windows. 
Two (2) 12V fans shall be installed on the radio bar to aid in windshield defrosting. 
One (1) 12V power receptacles with weather cover shall be installed on the console. 
One (1) 12V air trumpet horn shall be installed with momentary push button on dash. 
Three (3) 12V 2200 GPH bilge pump shall be installed with auto float switch. 
LIGHTING:
One (1) Navigation lights shall be installed to USCG Standards. 
One (1) 12V LED red/white dome lights shall be installed in the wheelhouse. 
Four (4) Flood lights shall be installed on the wheelhouse roof. (1 Forward, 1 Aft, 1 Port, 1 
Starboard) 
One (1) Go Light 2020 search light shall be installed on the wheelhouse roof with a control pad 
on the console. 
EFTA00593705
--- PAGE 6 ---
NAVIGATION ELECTRONICS: 
A Garmin 1040xs - 10" screen GPS Plotter/Sounder/radar shall be included. Includes U.S. coastal 
area map, GSD 22 Sounder, Transom Mounted Transducer, 18" radar dome, and installation. 
Radar Dome shall be mounted on a fixed 3" diameter Pipe mount. 
A 4.5" Ritchie lighted compass shall be installed on operator dash. 
An Icom M506 VHF radio shall be installed complete with 8' Shakespeare antenna. 
PAINT, GRAPHICS, AND MARKINGS: 
Matson Industrial Floor Grip Non-skid deck coating applied to all walking surfaces . 
Cabin interior components painted Zolatone speckle gray. 
E-Paint anti-fouling bottom paint system with epoxy barrier coat applied to 4" above waterline. 
(Black) 
Top side of hull to remain bare aluminum finish. 
PROPULSION: 
Twin 300hp Yamaha counter rotating four stroke outboard motors with 30" shaft (F300UCA, 
LF300UCA) shall be installed complete with gauge package, fuel management system, Digital 
Electronic Controls (DEC), dual key switch panel, power trim and tilt, harnesses, and stainless 
steel props. 
Motors shall be installed complete with Teleflex SeaStar hydraulic steering. Includes installation 
of helm, cylinder, tie bar, two group starting 27 batteries with selector switch. 
SEA TRIALS: 
Vessel shall undergo testing (Sea Trials) after completion to verify proper function and 
performance of all systems. 
DOCUMENTATION: 
One (1) Operation & Maintenance Manual shall be supplied with the craft. Includes OEM 
technical literature for all supplied equipment, operator/safety instructions, as-built boat 
drawings, as-built electrical system drawings. 
Original Bill of Sale and Manufacturer's Statement of Origin documents shall be delivered with the 
boat conveying free and clear title(s). 
WARRANTY: 
The William E. Munson Company, Inc. (Munson Boats) warrants the aluminum construction and 
equipment installation against manufacturer defects for a period of 12 months from the time the 
EFTA00593706
--- PAGE 7 ---
vessel is put into service. 
TOTAL PRICE, F. O. B. BURLINGTON, WA: 
$310,501.00 
For William E. Munson Company, 
Jon Wise, President 
EFTA00593707

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593708.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Bradley J. Wechsler 
From: Ada Clapp 
Cc: 
Ava Lambert 
Date: 
May 20, 2015 
Re: 
Corporation Services Company ("CSC") 
CSC provides Registered Agent and U.S. Representation services to companies'. Specifically, they assist 
entities with corporate formation, annual filings, receiving legal process, and director services. Our CSC 
account is in the name of Elysium Management LLC (account number is 7781117). I am the contact 
person. We can access our account information and see entities covered under our subscription ("covered 
entities") at www.cscglobal.com. Ava and I have login credentials (I gave mine to Samantha so she can 
pay Delaware annual franchise taxes due June I through our CSC dashboard). 
A. 
Registered Agent Services 
Our current CSC service includes only United States Statutory Representation Services for which 
we pay $60 per entity per jurisdiction (discounted from $334 per entity). It provides: 
1. 
Statutory Representation—CSC is listed with the Secretary of State as address for service 
of process; 
2. 
Electronic same-day service of process; and 
3. 
CSC Navigator (a dashboard that lists information for our covered entities). 
CSC notifies us when annual filings are due to the state of registration, but CSC is not responsible 
for completing the filings. We can (and have in the past) directed CSC to file all forms and make 
all payments to the state of registration for each covered entity on its behalf. They generally 
charge a $209 service fee for doing so (but if it is the initial filing, there may be an additional 
$100 document preparation fee). 
B. 
Annual Report Preparation and Filing Service. 
We are in the process of adding the Annual Report Preparation and Filing service for which we 
will pay an additional $110 per covered entity per filing. Our account representative will send us 
a revised proposal. This service will include: 
1. 
Auditing our listed companies to determine if they are in good standing; 
Every entity incorporated in Delaware must have a registered office and registered agent located in that state. 
For New York entities, CSC acts as the office for service of process for the Secretary of State. 
EFTA00593708
--- PAGE 2 ---
2. 
Monitoring compliance calendar for annual report deadlines; 
3. 
Preparing and filing state tax forms and advancing state fees on behalf of covered entities; 
and 
4. 
Providing filing evidence for our records. 
B. 
Global Entity Monitoring. 
CSC will send us a proposal regarding annual filings for foreign entities. I will reach out to Paul 
Weiss and to Jonathan Whale to find out who is ensuring that our UK, Bermuda and Cayman 
entities are in good standing. 
C. 
Contact Information for our CSC Account: 
Main Contact — To be contacted for all our CSC needs. 
Christopher Fecteau, Corporate Solutions Manger 
Corporation Services Company 
Wilmin ton DE 19808 
Phone: 
x. 
Phone: 
Fax: 
To request a Certificate of Good Standing if Chris is unavailable: 
Customer Service 
Corporation Services Conti o
ny 
Work: 
ext 
For invoices and payments if Chris is unavailable: 
Jozie Rodriguez, Credit Representative 
Corporation Services Com an 
Work: 
ext. 
Contact—Old Account: 
Charlene ox Entit Management Specialist 
Work: 
ext 
Fax: 
EFTA00593709

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593710.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593710.pdf
----------------------------------------
POE & BURTON PLLC 
MEMORANDUM 
To: 
Potential Amici in Does v. United States, No. 08-CV-80736-KAM 
From: Gregory L. Poe 
Date: May 29, 2015 
Re: 
Scope and Meaning of Crime Victims' Rights Act (18 U.S.C. § 3771) 
This firm is assisting Martin G. Weinberg, Esq.l 
Boston, MA 
02116, 
), who represents Jeffrey Epstein in connection with 
Does v. United States, No. 08-CV-80736-KAM (S.D. Fla.). We wish to make you aware of a 
petition filed against the United States Department of Justice ("DOJ") under the Crime Victims' 
Rights Act, 18 U.S.C. § 3771 ("CVRA"), by two asserted victims of Mr. Epstein in connection 
with a sex offense investigation. Although the underlying matter involving Mr. Epstein may 
appear unconnected to your organization's interests, and although we understand that the matter 
ordinarily would not gain your organization's attention, the district court has ruled that rescission 
of a Non-Prosecution Agreement ("NPA") — even where the parties to the NPA have complied 
with all of their obligations — may be an appropriate remedy where DOJ has violated the CVRA. 
That ruling has no case-related or subject-matter limitations and raises serious constitutional 
problems under the Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment, the separation of powers 
doctrine, and principles of state sovereignty. If the ruling stands, it potentially could have a 
profound adverse effect on business interests by undermining the efficacy of settlement 
mechanisms such as NPAs. An opportunity may exist in the near future for potential amici to seek 
to file briefs asking the district court to reconsider that ruling. Although we understand that it may 
be uncommon for your organization to participate in district court litigation, we believe that the 
important policy issues implicated in this matter warrant such participation before the appellate 
stage. 
In Does, two asserted victims of Mr. Epstein in connection with a sex offense investigation 
filed a petition under the CVRA on July 7, 2008, claiming that DOJ had violated the CVRA by 
failing to notify them that Epstein and DOJ entered into a NPA containing various obligations and 
conditions, and seeking rescission of the NPA as a remedy for the asserted violation. Dkt. 1.1
Over the government's opposition, the district court ruled in two orders that (1) the rights of crime 
victims under the CVRA, including the right to confer with prosecutors, attach during the 
investigatory stage before charges are filed or court proceedings are commenced (see Does v. 
United States, 817 F. Supp. 2d 1337, 1341-43 (S.D. Ha. 2011); Does v. United States, 950 F. Supp. 
2d 1262, 1266-68 (S.D. Fla. 2013)); and (2) a right of rescission is available to such crime victims 
as a potential remedy if the government violates their rights under the CVRA (Does, 950 F. Supp. 
' References to the docket in Does (No. 08-CV-80736-KAM) are in the form "Dkt. 
11,
EFTA00593710
--- PAGE 2 ---
POE & BURTON PLLC 
2d at 1266-70). Mr. Epstein pleaded guilty in state court in reliance on the NPA, was incarcerated 
and served his sentence in reliance on the NPA, executed civil settlements costing millions of 
dollars based on the NPA's condition that he not contest liability, and otherwise complied with all 
of his obligations under the NPA.2
Mr. Epstein is not a party to the CVRA litigation but the district court has allowed him "to 
intervene with regard to any remedy issue concerning the non-prosecution agreement." Does v. 
United States, 749 F.3d 1003, 1004 (11th Cir. 2014). That intervention (i.e., a remedial phase) has 
not yet occurred because the district court has not yet ruled on whether DOJ violated the CVRA 
(i.e., the liability phase). On May 18, 2015, the district court granted plaintiffs' motion for leave 
to file a memorandum in support of partial summary judgment. Dkts. 327-28. If the district court 
rules against DOJ in the liability phase, Mr. Epstein's ability to intervene will be triggered. 
Although Does arises out of a federal investigation with respect to alleged federal sex 
offenses (which were never charged), the district court's ruling sweeps far beyond the immediate 
context of the case and has potentially far-reaching consequences for businesses attempting to 
resolve investigations through settlement mechanisms such as NPAs.3 Corporations require 
predictability and reliability in resolving cases through NPAs and similar settlement vehicles, 
which have become increasingly common in the last 15 years. See, e.g., 2014 Year-End Update 
on Corporate Non-Prosecution Agreements (NPAs) and Deferred Prosecution Agreements 
(DPAs), available at http://www.gibsondunn.com/publications/Pages/2014-Year-End-Update-
Corporate-Non-Prosecution-Agreements-and-Deferred-Prosecution-Agreements.aspx (page last 
visited May 29, 2015). Corporate settlements "provide parties with a means to manage risk," and 
the assessments involved in the resolution of a matter are "uniquely" for the parties to make. See 
SEC v. Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., 752 F.3d 285, 295 (2d Cir. 2014) (vacating district court's 
refusal to accept proposed consent decree between federal enforcement agency and financial 
institution). If a rescission remedy is available to crime victims, unpredictability will surround 
Along with other terms and conditions, the government and Mr. Epstein agreed in the NPA 
that Mr. Epstein would agree to enter guilty pleas to two offenses in the State of Florida 
(violations of Ha. Stat. §§ 796.03 and 796.07), one of which required Mr. Epstein to register as a 
sex offender, and make a binding recommendation for an eighteen-month sentence in county jail 
followed by twelve months of community control. See 950 F. Supp. 2d at 1264; see also Does v. 
United States, 749 F.3d 999, 1002-03 (11th Cir. 2014) (describing dormancy of the CVRA 
petition and related civil proceedings). The state court accepted the guilty pleas and sentenced 
Mr. Epstein as agreed. Mr. Epstein was subsequently incarcerated in county jail and completed 
service of his sentence. 
The potential problems associated with the district court's orders in Does are especially acute 
in complex investigations with broad public impact. Such matters include, for example, fraud 
investigations in the banking industry; fraud investigations regarding alleged shareholder loss 
relating to publicly traded companies such as Enron; environmental and industrial matters 
involving accidents such as the Deepwater Horizon oil spill; pharmaceutical and medical device 
investigations cases relating to alleged product defects; and other complex regulatory cases. 
EFTA00593711
--- PAGE 3 ---
POE & BURTON PLLC 
NPAs and similar pre-charge settlements, with the corporate entity virtually powerless to control 
the risk posed by third-party actors. 
The Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment protects a person's interests that arise out 
of a plea agreement. See, e.g., United States v. Harvey, 869 F.2d 1439, 1443-44 (11th Cir. 1989) 
("Due process requires the government to adhere to the terms of any plea bargain or immunity 
agreement it makes" (citing Mabry v. Johnson, 467 U.S. 504 (1984) (plea agreement), and 
Santobello v. New York, 404 U.S. 257 (1971) (plea agreement) (additional citations omitted)). A 
person's reliance interests relating to a non-prosecution agreement are entitled to the same 
constitutional protection. See, e.g., United States v. Stolt-Nielsen, 524 F. Supp. 2d 609, 615-16 
(E.D. Pa. 2007) (non-prosecution agreements "are to be construed in light of `special due process 
concerns' (quoting United States v. Baird, 218 F.3d 221, 229 (3d Cir. 2000) (citations omitted)); 
United States v. Garcia, 519 F.2d 1343, 1345 (9th Cir. 1975) ("these principles are fully applicable 
to the deferred prosecution agreement between the Government and Garcia."); Cady v. Arenac 
County, 574 F.3d 334, 341-42 (6th Cir. 2009) (comparing a deferred prosecution agreement to a 
plea agreement and concluding that a prosecutor was entitled to absolute immunity in connection 
with entering into a deferred prosecution agreement). Corporations, like individuals, have due 
process rights that are implicated in criminal matters. See, e.g., Stolt-Nielsen, 524 F. Supp. 2d at 
615-16; United States v. Unirnex, Inc., 991 F.3d 546, 551 (9th Cir. 1993) (reversing corporation's 
conviction at trial in light of pretrial asset seizure in violation of Due Process Clause). And 
corporations, like individuals, have protected reliance interests with respect to settlement 
agreements resolving criminal investigations. See, e.g., Stolt-Nielsen, 524 F. Supp. 2d at 615-16. 
Even in the civil context, a federal agency's decision not to take enforcement action is 
"presumptively unreviewable," Heckler v. Chaney, 470 U.S. 821, 832 (1985). Even in the civil 
context, the "statutory authority of the Attorney General to control litigation is not diminished 
without a clear and unambiguous directive from Congress," United States v. Hercules, Inc., 961 
F.2d 796, 798-99 (8th Cir. 1992) (citing United States v. California, 332 U.S. 19, 27 (1947)), such 
as "where the substantive statute has provided guidelines for the agency to follow in exercising its 
enforcement powers." Id. at 832-33. The CVRA contains no such "clear and unambiguous 
directive." To the contrary, it explicitly sets forth, in Section 3771(0, the longstanding principle 
in American jurisprudence that prosecutorial discretion is virtually absolute. See, e.g., United 
States v. HSBC Bank USA, N.A., 2013 WL 3306161 *5 (E.D.N.Y. 2013) (accepting deferred 
prosecution agreement and stating that Ville government has absolute discretion to decide not to 
prosecute" and that "[e]ven a formal, written agreement to that effect, which is often referred to as 
a `non-prosecution agreement,' is not the business of the courts") .° If the district court's ruling in 
Prosecutorial discretion, of course, cannot be exercised in violation of the Constitution. See, 
e.g., Oyler v. Boles, 368 U.S. 448, 456 (1962) (exercise of prosecutorial discretion cannot be 
"deliberately based upon an unjustifiable standard such as race, religion, or other arbitrary 
classification"). In Does, no such issues are involved — only the scope and meaning of the 
CVRA. 
EFTA00593712
--- PAGE 4 ---
POE & BURTON PLLC 
Does regarding a potential rescission remedy is not reconsidered, the risk that further interference 
with corporations' abilities to resolve investigations reliably and predictably is likely to increase. 
Also, if potential amici wish to file briefs in support of DOJ in the liability phase, we would 
direct you to the DOJ lawyers handling the case given Mr. Epstein's non-party status and the 
limited right to intervene that the district court has granted to him. DOJ's clear position, rejected 
by the district court (see 817 F. Supp. 2d at 1341-43; 950 F. Supp. 2d at 1266-68), is that CVRA 
rights, including the "right to confer," do not attach before charges are filed. See, e.g., 
Memorandum Opinion for the Acting Deputy Attorney General from the Office of Legal Counsel 
dated December 17, 2010, 35 Op. O.L.C. 1, 2010 WL 6743535 *1 ("OLC Opinion"). The OLC 
Opinion contains a thorough analysis of the CVRA's text, structure, history, and purpose, and 
shows why Congress did not intend to grant a pre-charge "right to confer." Among other things, 
such a right introduces third parties (i.e., asserted victims) into the relationship between DOJ and 
a company attempting to resolve an investigation — thus introducing uncertainty, potential delay, 
and cost. 
Please do not hesitate to let us know if you would like any additional information. We 
would be happy to discuss this matter with you further at any time. 
EFTA00593713

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593714.pdf
----------------------------------------
FOCUSED 
ULTRASOUND 
FOUNDATION Focused Ultrasound 
The Technology 
Focused ultrasound is an early-stage, disruptive, noninvasive therapeutic technology with the potential 
to improve the lives of millions of patients with a variety of serious medical disorders by providing an 
alternative or complement to surgery, radiation therapy, drug delivery and cancer immunotherapy. 
This game changing technology has the potential to increase the quality and longevity of life and 
decrease the cost of care for countless patients by transforming the treatment of a range of conditions 
including tumors of the brain, breast, prostate, liver and pancreas; Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease 
and epilepsy; depression and obsessive compulsive disorder; and arthritis and hypertension. With 
further technological development, laboratory research and clinical trials focused ultrasound could be 
as revolutionary to therapy as MR scanning has been to diagnosis. 
Focused ultrasound treats tissue with multiple intersecting beams of high-frequency sound focused 
accurately on targets deep in the body without damaging surrounding structures, much like beams of 
light can be focused on a point with a magnifying glass. At the focal point where the beams converge 
the ultrasound energy induces a variety of biological effects including destroying tissue, delivering 
drugs in high concentrations, enhancing radiation therapy and stimulating the immune response.The 
multiple biological effects create the possibility to treat a wide range of disorders. Magnetic resonance 
or ultrasound imaging is used to identify the targets and guide and control the treatment in real time. 
The Problem 
Unfortunately, it can take decades for a new therapeutic technology like focused ultrasound to 
become mainstream. Every year we shave off that process could reduce death, disability and suffering 
for countless people. 
The Focused 
Ultrasound Foundation 
The Foundation is a unique medical research, education, and advocacy organization created as 
the catalyst to accelerate the development and adoption of focused ultrasound. The Foundation is 
a tax-exempt 501(c)(3) corporation started in 2006. 
To achieve its goals, the Foundation utilizes an approach that is entrepreneurial, high-impact, high 
performance, market-driven and results oriented. 
We advance the field by leveraging opportunities and overcoming barriers, thereby shortening the 
time from laboratory research to widespread patient treatment as a standard of care. 
Major initiatives include 
• Influendng the direction of the field, identifying priorities and defining areas of clinical benefit 
• Fostering collaboration and stimulating innovation 
• Providing resources, both financial and human capital 
• Creating knowledge by organizing, conducting and funding research 
• Aggregating and sharing knowledge through our website, newsletter, social media, 
webinars, and open-source journal 
Overcoming barriers, induding regulatory and reimbursement challenges 
Cultivating the next generation of researchers by supporting internships and fellowships 
Convening the community through meetings, symposia, and workshops 
Increasing awareness through events and media outreach 
This work is made possible by the philanthropic support of our donors, who recognize the urgent 
needs of patients, the potential of focused ultrasound and the value of the Foundation's disciplined, 
entrepreneurial approach. 
Focused Ultrasound Foundation 
For more information, visit www.fusfoundation.org or contact, Nora Seilheimer, 
1230 Cedars Court , Suite 206 I Charlottesville, VA 22903 I 
EFTA00593714
--- PAGE 2 ---
Mechanisms of Action 
Focused ultrasound is a platform technology that affects tissue through multiple mechanisms, thereby 
enabling the treatment of a wide variety of medical disorders. 
TISSUE DESTRUCTION 
Thermal ablation 
Mechanical cellular damage 
Microvascular disruption 
DRUG DELIVERY 
Increased vascular permeability 
Localized drug release from 
nanoparticles 
Disruption of cell membranes 
IMMUNOMODULATION 
RADIOSENSITIZATION 
Release of tumor antigens 
Increased immunotherapeutic 
delivery 
Increased immune cell trafficking 
to tumors 
Non-lonLting alternative to 
radiotherapy 
Tissue preconditioning 
Adoption Status 
This chart portrays the global status of focused ultrasound as it evolves to widespread adoption. 
The number of indications is increasing rapidly, but most are in the early stages of development 
=1=1=
Neurological 
'on Futurn 
DeprySaiWr 
.... 
OCD 
Atinomers IMe., 
no • 
ElOrirrniv 
MM 
M 
,setkOCODN)ks 
M. 
Murrouue Wen>, 
no 
Sfrcke 
ME 
liennwylic ?eon 
IngeereCi NOvoq. 
S
A
V
M
.
,
•
Musculoskeletal 
MEM. 
ooi.,;.0 °vow.. . 
MIMES 
00000rIreeis 
MOMS 
04C 005400?‹,  
MO 
AMOY APOP, ve 
Sociciklis 
Spool Cord Injury 
Sneral lomon 
• 
Ontological 
rwoll < 
LKIerry 
liver COnCw 
Poucreolic [grow 
Soli Dixon rumen 
&On kenCIS 
Perliolrk NEVOISCrtrury,.,
hood & Neck Omer 
lung Cancer 
adorn taxer 
Bowel cancer 
Coun Come. 
v.xnusiecy cance• 
Women's Health 
• 
Viet e I r.ory. 
• 
Wen411 tec.ccenc.ennt 
LilorVro AtIonomyout 
lut)01PrerrOuCv 
el SLrGerr 
OrcryanCcncet 
Cardiovascular 
MOO 
• 
Wenn • 
MIMS • 
MEMM • 
ono 
ono 
ma • 
mu 
on 
• 
pctecyslic Ovarian SOUVOMO MEI 
4, 3 t 
Deep "en Throntolo 
Noon bock 
Hi hl 
Yerpormaoi Amen, Nem, 
Stolid Per 100.0., 
Urolosecal 
Proyfule Co-cer • 
kidney cancer 
Milan 
V/ 
Barron neuritic trrporru.z. .  
*COO (Wei infiv 
Acute NOM., Net 
Velvocele 
810cIrlei Cain-' 
Endocrine Disorders MMM. 
Miscellaneous 
Mae • 
me ICA woe) nn tcusee !Avian, rasters r ZIS to anti te usono rot ret voters 'caner 
Board of Directors 
Neal F. Kassel', MD 
Chaim's\ Founder:FocusedUltrasound 
Foundation 
Former Co-Chair of Neurosurgery, 
University of Virgrna 
Dorothy N. Batten 
Founder, 'Thrive Initiative 
Former Director, Larxlmark 
Cornmunkations.inc 
LodewijkJ.R. deVink 
Founcing Partner, Blackstone Healthcare 
Partners, LLC 
Former Chairman &CEO,Warner-Lamtert 
Eugene V. Fife 
Founding PrincipalVawterCapItalLLC 
Former Chairman,Goldman Sachs Ind 
John FL Grisham 
Author 
William A. Hawkins, Ill 
Former Chairman & CEO, Medtronic 
Daniel P. Jordan, PhD 
President Emeritus, Thomas Jefferson 
Foundation. Inc. 
Edward J."Ned" Kelly, Ill 
Former Chairman. Institutional Clients 
Group. Cliigroup 
Edward D. Miller, MD 
Former CEO. Johns Hopkins Medicine 
Frederic H. Molt MD 
Co-Founder, Intuitive Surgical 
Chairman & CEO, AWIS Surgical Robotics, Inc. 
Council 
Steve H. Rusckowski 
President and CEO, Quest Diagnostics Inc. 
Former CEO. Philips Healthcare 
Charles Steger, PhD 
Former President, Virginia Tech 
Andrew C. von Eschenbach, MD 
President, Samaritan Health Initiative 
Former Comftssioner, U.S Food and 
Drug Administration 
Former Director. National Cancer Institute 
Cad P. Zeithamt PhD 
Dean, University of VIrgina's hldntrre 
School of Commerce 
The Foundation's Council is a group of passionate, enthusiastic advocates who connect us to the 
greater community, share our story, and promote our mission. 
Jane P Batten, Co-chair 
Charles H. Serlheimer, Jr., Co-chair 
John B. Adams, Jr. 
Ellen Block 
Charles F. Bryan, Jr. PhD 
T. Michael Cashman 
Nancy J. &Thomas N. Chevming 
Marguerite& Norwood Davis 
Diane Heller 
Cecelia S. Howell 
Dean L. Kamen 
Ann Kingston 
Syaru Shirley Lin, PhD 
Amanda Megargel 
Lonna & Tony Mendez 
Alice H. Siegel 
Michael Milken 
Aaron Stern, MD, PhD 
Pamela Minetti, MBA 
Howard & Fred i Stevenson 
Paula E Newcomb 
Jane Tolleson 
Wyndham G. Robertson Meredith Jung-En Woo, PhD 
Mary Lou Seilheirner 
Linda K. Zecher 
Kimberly Skelly 
3.112017 
EFTA00593715

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593716.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593716.pdf
----------------------------------------
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos Et Lehrman, 
C n n - 
al 
• •,)• - 
WWW.PATHTOJUSTICE C0M 
May 21, 2010 
VIA US MAIL AND EMAIL 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger et al. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Re: 
Recent Contact 
Dear Mr. Goldberger: 
Our firm recently learned that you solicited Mr. Ken Jenne to meet with you and 
discuss issues related to the cases against your client, Jeffrey Epstein. We are now aware of 
at least one personal meeting between you and Mr. Jenne where Mr. Epstein was also 
present (either in person or by phone). At the time you arranged the meeting(s), you knew 
that Mr. Jenne was a former RRA employee that worked on Epstein cases and had 
information that was protected by both attorney-client and work product privilege. 
At this point, we do not have a clear understanding of exactly how many of these 
meetings took place or what information was exchanged. We also have not determined what 
we intend to do about this or what our ethical and legal obligations are at this time. 
This letter is simply to place you on notice that we are not waiving any remedies 
available to us or our clients. If you are able to shed light on any of the meetings that took 
place or the issues explained above, please do so in writing. 
GMF/bw 
cc: 
Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
425 North Andrews Avenue • Suite 2 • Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
954.524.2820 office 954.524.2822 fax 
EFTA00593716

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593717.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593717.pdf
----------------------------------------
FEB-13-2003 10:35 FRal:DR.VAGNANI 
2123979008 
TO:16467067223 
P.1'3 
Thomas J. Megnanl D.D.S. 
Alvin Grayson D.D.S. 
West 61st Street 
7th Floor 
New York NY 10010 
Mr. Jeff Epstein 
301 East 66th Street 
Apt 3 10F 
New York NY 10066 
Flitryv-‘, 
Cate 
Patient 
Desalption 
11/812013 
11/8(2013 
11/8/2013 
11/7/2013 
Svetleana 
Svetleane 
Svetleana 
Svetleana 
Recall Oral Exam 
Adult Scale I Prophy 
Bite Wings 4 Films 
Amalgam 2 Surface Perm. 
Current 
I 
Days 
Dun 
HISTORICAL STATEMENT 
11/6/2013 to 2/12/2014 
(Svetleane) 
Telephone: (212) 668-1090 
GM 
Account 
[ 
2/12/2014 
9293 
Charges 
Credits 
Balance 
40.00 
40.00 
180.00 
220.00 
65.00 
286.00 
376.00 
030.00 
Account Total 
660.00 
Patient Chain 
600.00 
Patient Payments 
0.00 
Patient Credits 
0.00 
Patient Debits 
0.00 
Clays 
120« Days 
moils J. lAsoneni D.D.S. 
ANN Ofirpon D.D.S. 
West Mil SI M I in Floor 
NOW Yolk NV 1001$ 
(212) Gamow 
EFTA00593717

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593718.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593718.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filing # 59288959 E-Filed 07/20/2017 01:27:48 PM 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
REQUEST TO PRODUCE TO JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Bradley J. Edwards, by and through his undersigned counsel, requests, pursuant to Rule 
1.350 of the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, that Jeffrey Epstein produce and permit Bradley J. 
Edwards to inspect and copy each of the following documents*: 
1. 
Any and all documents* constituting or referencing directly or indirectly any 
communication between you and any other person (other than an attorney rendering legal services 
to you unless shared with any non-lawyer) which communication references directly or indirectly 
Bradley Edwards, this pending litigation or litigation involving Ghislaine Maxwell. 
*"Documents" shall include, but not be limited to all non-identical copies of writings, 
drawings, graphs, charts, photographs, phono-records, recordings, and/or any other data 
compilations from which information can be obtained, translated, if necessary, by the party to 
whom the request is directed through detection devices into reasonably usable form. "Documents" 
also include all electronic data as well as application metadata and system metadata. All 
inventories and rosters of your information technology (IT) systems—e.g., hardware, software and 
EFTA00593718
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Request to Produce to Jeffrey Epstein 
data, including but not limited to network drawings, lists of computing devices (servers, PCs, 
laptops, PDAs, cell phones, with data storage and/or transmission features), programs, data maps 
and security tools and protocols. 
It is requested that the aforesaid production be made within thirty days of service of this 
request at the offices of Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A., 2139 Palm Beach Lakes 
Boulevard, West Palm Beach, Florida. Inspection will be made by visual observation, examination 
and/or copying. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this 
JACK 
Flor 
A 
and 
mary E-Mail: 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: (561) 686-6300 
Fax: 
561-383-9451 
Attorneys for Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA00593719
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800)OOO3,4BAG 
Request to Produce to Jeffrey Epstein 
COUNSEL LIST 
William Chester Brewer, Esquire 
250 S Australian Avenue, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561)-655-4777 
Fax: (561)-835-8691 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, 
250 Australian Avenue S, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561)-659-8300 
Fax: (561)-835-8691 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esquire 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos & 
Lehrman, 
425 N Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)-524-2820 
Fax: (954)-524-2822 
Fred Haddad 
Fred Haddad, 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33394 
Phone: (954)467-6767 
Fax: (954)467-3599 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
Tonja Haddad, 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)467-1223 
Fax: (954)-337-3716 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. lat
ia
urilc 
re 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: (954)-745-5849 
Fax: (954)-745-3556 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
EFTA00593720

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593721.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593721.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rosedale Motorsports, LLC 
8994 Fourth St N.W. 
Albuquerque, NM87114 
505-897-1519 
505-897-1348 
Name/Address 
zoro ranch 
Estimate 
Date 
Estimate # 
5/15/2012 
Ship To 
I'D N umbel 
Phone # 
Qty 
Description 
Rate 
Total 
Polaris ATV 2012 touring 850 red 
10,999.00 
10,999.001' 
Polaris ATV 2012 red 500 sportsman 
6,199.00 
12,398.00T 
2878714 12" LED LIGHT BAR 
379.99 
759.98T 
2876597 BRUSHGUARD,REAR,DLX,SPTMN XP 
99.99 
99.99T 
2876595 BRUSHGUARD, FRONT, DLX,SPTMN XP 
189.99 
189.99T 
I Labor, effective 01/01/08, 599.99 per hour on specialized labor or 
diagnosis. 
gyp 
99.99 
99.99T 
Freight & Set-up 
225,00 
675.001 
Polaris Rebate 850 
-900.00 
-900.00 
Polaris Rebate 500 
-1,500.00 
-1,500.00 
Subtotal 
522 S21 95 
Sales Tax (0.0%) 
so.ou 
Total 
$22,821.95 
EFTA00593721

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593722.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXISTING FLOOR PLAN 
POCKET 00012 
ASSEMBLY 
NEW FLOOR PLAN 
POCKET DOOR 
ASSEMBLY 
OPEN OFFICE 
MASTER SUITE 
80El. 73,700 
FOR 
AIRO 
I New .1 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN BBJ 
OUPLICSi 
FOR FM MOVER OMER I. 
TYR FM 
ir tS 
WIRIGUT 
ORAN. LOAM 
1.117378B.1.1.1.1 
FREEr 
I of I 
OtreANT 
INIERWMOI.Jer INIIRIORA 
SME . 
rolormum are 
V. .60, 
EFTA00593722
--- PAGE 2 ---
MODIFIED FLOOR PLAN 
with open office 
POCKET DOOR 
ASSEMBLY 
POCKET DOOR 
ASSEMBLY 
OPEN OFFICE 
MASTER SUITE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN BBJ 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS 
PROPRIETARY TO INTERNATIONAL JET 
INIF-TSCRS. INC. 2110 MOLL 501 DEE USED. 
DUPLICATED. OR FURTHER DISSEMINATED 
FOR ANY PURPOSE OMER WWI DEW FOR 
%TIMM IT IS FLRNSEED. WITHOUT WRITTEN 
CONSENT OF INTERNAM:WM.11T INTERIORS. INC. 
international jet 
222, S-nroar.+Mut 
146.100.41.1.1.-41114,.. 
.290106.0.0.,..V.11179 
AC Tv.". 
BOEING 737.700 
29273 
I Rev • I 
11" 1: 
FLOOR PLANS 
ORMAN &DATE: 
04. 02.15 
MVO NO.: 
MEET. 
IJI737BEIJJE.FP1 
I of I 
SCALE: WA 
Telerwcas are within 
AO' 
EFTA00593723

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593724.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593724.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXISTING FLOOR PLAN 
MODIFIED FLOOR PLAN 
MASTER SUITE 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN BBJ 
W.2' =
" 3.°3331CAN 01113A 
73901 
t3 91291123911. 
C47/33NT 
IN123/43110.2 
22315•33933nAreAur 
intemelional jet 
r" .. 
BOEING 737/700 
9273 
T'/e 
71X. PLANS 
13173A3B3JEAPI 
I of I 
AMA N/A 
iderinces are NiNA,1/ .60/ 
EFTA00593724

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593725.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593725.pdf
----------------------------------------
BLACK 
SREBNICK 
KORNSPAN 
STUMPF 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS B-3 
ST THOMAS 00802 
US VIRGIN ISLANDS 
PREVIOUS BALANCE 
IINAL 1 APPEULAR 
ATIORMYS 
Telephone: 
305-371-6421 
Tax ID Number: 
Statement Date: 
02/04/2016 
Statement No. 
109 
Account No. 
826.01 
01/07/2016 
JP 
LEGAL FEES - EMAIL CONCERNING AUSA VILLAFANA'S REQUEST. 
01/13/2016 
JP 
LEGAL FEES - EMAILS FROM MARTY, REVIEW MISCELLANEOUS 
PLEADINGS/COURT DOCUMENTS FILED RECENTLY; EMAILS WITH MW 
AND SUBSEQUENT CALL. 
01/21/2016 
RB 
LEGAL FEES - STRATEGY RE: DISCOVERY TO GOVERNMENT; READ 
EMAILS. 
FOR CURRENT SERVICES RENDERED 
RECAPITULATION 
TIMEKEEPER 
HOURS HOURLY RATE 
Roy Black 
0.70 
$1,400.00 
Jackie Perczek 
0.50 
650.00 
THIS PERIOD'S TRANSACTIONS 
01/21/2016 
PAYMENT DEPOSIT NO 3115 
TOTAL OUTSTANDING 
Your Trust Account #2 Balance is 
OPENING BALANCE 
01/19/2016 
DEPOSIT NO 1217 
01/21/2016 
Transfer towards fees 
PAYEE: Black, Srebnick, Kornspan & 
CLOSING BALANCE 
HOURS 
$7,096.00 
0.10 
65.00 
0.40 
260.00 
0.70 
980.00 
1.20 
1,305.00 
TOTAL 
$980.00 
325.00 
1,305.00 
-7.096.00 
$1,305.00 
$0.00 
7,096.00 
-7,096.00
$0.00 
201 S. BISCAYNE BOULEVARD 
SUITE 1300 
MIAMI, FL 33131 
Page 1 
EFTA00593725
--- PAGE 2 ---
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Statement Date: 
02/04/2016 
Statement No. 
109 
Account No. 
826.01 
Total Outstanding 
$1,305.00 
Page 2 
EFTA00593726

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593727.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 1 of 20 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
VIRGINIA L. GIUFFRE, 
- against - 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
Defendant. 
APPEARANCE 
S: 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
X 
USDC SONY 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONIC AT .Y FILED 
DOC 0: 
DATE FILED: 
Civ. 7433 (RWS) 
BOEIS, SCHILLER & FLEXNER LLP 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
By: Sigrid S. McCawley, Esq. 
Counsel for Defendant 
HADDON, MORGAN AND FOREMAN, P.C. 
150 East Tenth Avenue 
Denver, CO 80203 
By: Laura A. Menninger, Esq. 
OPINION 
EFTA00593727
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 2 of 20 
Sweet, D.J. 
Defendant has moved to dismiss the Plaintiff's complaint 
pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6). Based on 
the conclusions set forth below, Defendant's motion is denied. 
I. 
Prior Proceedings 
Plaintiff filed a complaint in this Court on September 21, 
2015, alleging a single defamation claim. See Compl.' Defendant 
sought an extension of her time to answer, move, or otherwise 
respond to Plaintiff's Complaint to November 30, 2015. The 
request was granted on October 12, 2015. By Order filed October 
30, 2015, the parties were directed to complete fact discovery 
by July 1, 2016, and expert discovery by August 3, 2016. 
On December 1, 2015, Defendant filed the instant motion to 
dismiss and a motion to stay discovery pending a decision on the 
motion to dismiss, or in the alternative, for an extension of 
time. Oral argument was held on both motions and the matters 
deemed fully submitted on January 14, 2016. The motion to stay 
' Some paragraph numbering in Plaintiff's Complaint repeats. Where 
necessary for clarification, citations will reference page numbers 
either in lieu of or addition to paragraph numbering. 
EFTA00593728
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 3 of 20 
discovery was denied and the motion to extend granted for 
fourteen days by Opinion dated January 19, 2016. 
II. Applicable Standard 
On a motion to dismiss pursuant to Rule 12(b)(6), all 
factual allegations in the complaint are accepted as true, and 
all inferences are drawn in favor of the pleader. Mills v. 
Polar Molecular Corp., 12 F.3d 1170, 1174 (2d Cir. 1993). A 
factual matter, accepted as 
relief that is plausible on its 
complaint must contain "sufficient 
true, to `state a claim to 
face.'" Ashcroft v. Iqbal, 556 U.S. 662, 663 (2009) (quoting 
Bell Atl. Corp. v. Twombly, 550 U.S. 544, 555, 127 S. Ct. 1955, 
1964, 167 L. Ed. 2d 929 (2007)). A claim is facially plausible 
when "the plaintiff pleads factual content that allows the court 
to draw the reasonable inference that the defendant is liable 
for the misconduct alleged." Iqbal, 556 U.S. at 663 (quoting 
Twombly, 550 U.S. at 556). In other words, the factual 
allegations must "possess enough heft to show that the pleader 
is entitled to relief." Twombly, 550 U.S. at 557 (internal 
quotation marks omitted). 
Additionally, while "a plaintiff may plead facts alleged 
upon information and belief `where the belief is based on 
EFTA00593729
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 4 of 20 
factual information that makes the inference of culpability 
plausible,' such allegations must be `accompanied by a statement 
of the facts upon which the belief is founded.'" Munoz-Nagel v. 
Guess, Inc., No. 12-1312, 2013 WL 1809772, *3 (S.D.N.Y. Apr. 30, 
2013) (quoting Arista Records, LLC v. Doe 3, 604 F.3d 110, 120 
(2d Cir. 2010)); Prince v. Madison Square Garden, 427 F. Supp. 
2d 372, 384 (S.D.N.Y. 2006); Williams v. Calderoni, No. 11-3020, 
2012 WL 691832, *7 (S.D.N.Y. Mar. 1, 2012)). The pleadings, 
however, "must contain something more than . . . a statement of 
facts that merely creates a suspicion (of] a legally cognizable 
right of action." Twombly, 550 U.S. at 555 (citation and 
internal quotation omitted). 
III. The Motion to Dismiss is Denied 
Defendant's cites four grounds for dismissal: (1) the 
allegedly defamatory statements are protected by the self-
defense privilege; (2) the allegedly defamatory statements are 
protected by the pre-litigation privilege; (3) the allegedly 
defamatory statements are non-actionable; (4) pleading defects 
in the Complaint, specifically, failure to allege adequate 
identifying details related to the statements, and failure to 
plead special damages. Def.'s Mem. in Supp. Mot. Dismiss Compl. 
9-25 ("Def.'s MTD"). 
EFTA00593730
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 5 of 20 
A. 
The Complaint is Adequately Pled 
At the center of this case is the veracity of a contextual 
world of facts more broad than the allegedly defamatory 
statements. Specifically, as a minor, Plaintiff was a victim of 
sustained underage sexual abuse between 1999 and 2002. Compl. 3-
6, U 8-27. Plaintiff has since identified Defendant as closely 
involved in Plaintiff's trafficking for the purpose of this 
abuse. Id. 11 8-10, 13, 17-19, 27. Defendant has responded to 
those allegations, and this case concerns those responses. 
Plaintiff has identified two statements as allegedly 
defamatory. The first is a statement Defendant made through her 
agent on January 3, 2015 (the "January 3 Statement"). Compl. at 
6, 1 29-30. Plaintiff alleges that the content of this statement 
contained actionable falsehoods in stating that Plaintiff's own 
allegations "against Ghislaine Maxwell are untrue," that 
Plaintiff's allegations have been "shown to be untrue," and that 
Plaintiff's "claims are obvious lies." Id. 1 30. The second 
concerns a January 4, 2015 on-camera statement made to the New 
York Daily News (the "January 4 Statement"). Id. at 7, 1 37. 
Plaintiff alleges that this statement constitutes an actionable 
falsehood by referring back to the January 3 statement in 
EFTA00593731
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 6 of 20 
response to a question regarding the allegations Plaintiff had 
made against Maxwell. Id. 
Under New York law,2 written defamation constituting 
actionable libel requires Plaintiff to plead: (1) a written 
defamatory statement of fact concerning the plaintiff; (2) 
publication to a third party; (3) fault, either negligence or 
actual malice, depending on the plaintiff's status; (4) falsity; 
(5) special damages or per se libel. Krepps v. Reiner, 588 F. 
Supp. 2d 471, 483 (S.D.N.Y. 2008) aff'd, 377 F. App'x 65 (2d 
Cir. 2010) (citing Celle v. Filipino Reporter Enters. Inc., 209 
F.3d 163, 176 (2d Cir.2000)). 
Defendant argues that the statements in question are not 
susceptible to a defamatory meaning.3 Def.'s MTD at 10-11; Def.'s 
Plaintiff is a citizen of Colorado. Compl. 9 7. The statements in 
question were made in New York, Defendant resides in New York, 
Plaintiff has brought suit in New York. Id. 11 7, 29-32, 37. There is 
no conflict between New York and Colorado defamation law. Compare, 
Kforce, Inc. v. Alden Personnel, Inc., 288 F. Supp. 2d 513, 516 
(S.D.N.Y. 2003) with Zerr v. Johnson, 894 F. Supp. 374, 376 (D. Colo. 
1995). Because New York has the most significant interest, New York 
law applies. Catalanello v. Kramer, 18 F. Supp. 3d 504, 511 (S.D.N.Y. 
2014). 
' Defendant submits this argument primarily as part of the self-defense 
privilege argument (arguing that Defendant was taking advantage of her 
right to generally deny the claims against her). Def.'s MTD at 10-11. 
Both parties argue this point in the form of supplementary authority. 
See Pl.'s Supp. Auth., filed Jan. 8, 2016; Def.'s Supp. Auth., filed 
Jan. 21, 2016. Because this issue goes to the heart of whether the 
statements Plaintiff identifies as allegedly defamatory can meet the 
pleading requirement of a defamatory statement of fact, it will be 
addressed in this pleading sufficiency Part. 
EFTA00593732
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 7 of 20 
Reply 1-6; see also Def.'s Supp. Auth. Plaintiff submits that 
Defendant has effectively called her a "liar," while Defendant 
points out the word "liar" was never used in the statements 
alleged. Pl.'s Opp. at 4-5,10-11; Def.'s Reply at 4. "The 
dispositive inquiry is whether, on the basis of the over-all 
context in which the assertion were made, a reasonable reader 
could have concluded that the statements were conveying facts 
about the plaintiff." Davis v. Boeheim, 24 N.Y.3d 262, 22 N.E.3d 
999 (2014) (internal citations, ellipses, and brackets omitted). 
The distinction is one between fact and opinion, the latter of 
which is non-actionable. Id. 
In distinguishing between fact and opinion, the Court asks 
"(1) whether the specific language in issue has a precise 
meaning which is readily understood; (2) whether the statements 
are capable of being proved true or false; and (3) whether 
either the full context of the communication in which the 
statement appears or the broader social context and surrounding 
circumstances are such as to signal readers or listeners that 
what is being read or heard is likely to be opinion, not fact." 
Id. (citations omitted). The Davis court held that to 
"communicate that [sexual assault victims] lied, (and] their 
motive was financial gain" constituted defamatory meaning. Id. 
EFTA00593733
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 8 of 20 
Courts recently grappling with the distinction between 
actionable defamation and non-actionable protected speech in the 
context of denials of sexual assault claims have come to 
different conclusions. In Green v. Cosby, the Defendant had 
called allegations of sexual assault "nothing" that had "proved 
to be nothing," and an "absurd fabrication." No. 14 Civ. 30211 
(MGM), 2015 WL 5923553, at *3 (D. Mass. Oct. 9, 2015). In short, 
the Defendant had denied the allegations and, as here, given the 
impression that they were wholly untrue. The court concluded 
that "(g]iven the different nature of the [sexual assault) 
allegations in this case and the wording of the [denial) 
response, the court cannot conclude here that, as a matter of 
law, Defendant's response is incapable of negatively impacting 
Plaintiff Green's reputation within the community." Id. at *11. 
Hill v. Cosby involved statements that a sexual assault 
allegations were "unsubstantiated, fantastical stories," that 
the allegations constituted "innuendos" that ought to have been 
"fact-check(ed)" and "vet[ted)." No. 15 Civ. 1658 (AJS), 2016 WL 
491728, at *5 (W.D.Pa. 2016). The Hill court found none of the 
alleged statements defamatory. Id. at *5. 
Hill is distinguishable. Unlike Hill, this case (like 
Green) involves statements that explicitly claim the sexual 
assault allegations are false. Hill concerned statements that 
EFTA00593734
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 9 of 20 
the sexual assault allegations were unsubstantiated. The 
difference is slight but significant; both true and false 
allegations can be accurately described as unsubstantiated and 
insufficiently vetted. Vetting may make claims more or less 
likely to be true, but lack thereof does not alone establish 
falsity. Conversely, true allegations can never be accurately 
described as "proved to be nothing" or "absurd fabrication" as 
in Green, or "obvious lies" "shown to be untrue." 
This case therefore requires the same finding as that in 
Davis and Green. First, statements that Giuffre's claims 
"against (Defendant) are untrue," have been "shown to be 
untrue," and are "obvious lies" have a specific and readily 
understood factual meaning: that Giuffre is not telling the 
truth about her history of sexual abuse and Defendant's role, 
and that some verifiable investigation has occurred and come to 
a definitive conclusion proving that fact. Second, these 
statements (as they themselves allege), are capable of being 
proven true or false, and therefore constitute actionable fact 
and not opinion. Third, in their full context, while Defendant's 
statements have the effect of generally denying Plaintiff's 
story, they also clearly constitute fact to the reader. 
EFTA00593735
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 10 of 20 
Though Defendant never called Plaintiff a "liar," to call 
her claims "obvious lies" that "have been shown to be untrue" 
demands the same meaning. Plaintiff cannot be making claims 
shown to be untrue that are obvious lies without being a liar. 
Furthermore, to suggest an individual is not telling the truth 
about her history of having been sexually assaulted as a minor 
constitutes more than a general denial, it alleges something 
deeply disturbing about the character of an individual willing 
to be publicly dishonest about such a reprehensible crime. 
Defendant's statements clearly imply that the denials are based 
on facts separate and contradictory to those that Plaintiff has 
alleged. Sexual assault of a minor is 
transgression occurred or it did not. 
involved or she was not. The issue is 
a clear-cut issue; either 
Either Maxwell was 
not a matter of opinion, 
and there cannot be differing understandings of the same facts 
that justify diametrically opposed opinion as to whether 
Defendant was involved in Plaintiff's abuse as Plaintiff has 
claimed. Either Plaintiff is telling the truth about her story 
and Defendant's involvement, or Defendant is telling the truth 
and she was not involved in the trafficking and ultimate abuse 
of Plaintiff. The answer depends on facts. Defendant's 
statements are therefore actionable as defamation. Whether they 
ultimately prove to meet the standards of defamation (including 
but not limited to falsity) is a matter for the fact-finder. 
EFTA00593736
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 11 of 20 
Defendant also argues that the allegedly defamatory 
statements are non-actionable because Plaintiff has "fail[ed] to 
provide the context within which the Statements were delivered." 
Def.'s MTD at 18. An allegedly defamatory must be examined in 
"the full context of the communication in which the statement 
appears" and within its broader social context and setting. 
Celle, 209 F.3d at 179. Failure to "provide" context is not 
fatal to Plaintiff's complaint. Plaintiff has pled the relevant 
elements of the January 3 press release calling Giuffre's claims 
false constitute defamation, identifying the particular 
defamatory words. Compl. 1 30. Likewise, Plaintiff alleges the 
January 4 statement constitutes defamation by referring back to 
the January 3 statement. Defendant cites dismissals of vague and 
conclusory defamation actions, but these cases are inapposite. 
See Def.'s MTD at 18. Plaintiff's claims are specific and 
reasoned defamatory on the basis of the history of sexual abuse 
Plaintiff sets forth in her Complaint. See Compl. 1 8-28. 
Plaintiff's claim is therefore sufficient.4
Plaintiff further argues that, when considered in context, "it is 
clear that the January 3 Statement was issued in self defense and in 
anticipation of good-faith litigation." Def.'s MTD at 18. This is not 
a pleading defect argument, but one that goes to the Defendant's self-
defense and pre-litigation privilege arguments. The Court will 
therefore address this point in considering Defendant's privilege 
arguments. 
EFTA00593737
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 12 of 20 
With respect to the January 3 Statement, Defendant argues 
that the claim fails for failure to plead "to whom, where, or in 
what manner" the statement was made. Def.'s MTD at 20-1. 
"Failure to state the particular person or persons to whom the 
allegedly slanderous or libelous comments were made as well as 
the time and manner in which the publications were made warrants 
dismissal." Hawkins v. City of New York, No. 99 Civ. 11704 
(RWS), 2005 WL 1861855, at •18 (S.D.N.Y. Aug. 4, 2005) 
(collecting citations). Each case Defendant cites involved a 
complaint so defective it lacked a claim of particular allegedly 
defamatory words. See id. ("failure to identify to whom the 
statement was allegedly made and the content of that 
statement"); J.P.R. Cafeteria, Inc. v. Kingsborough Cmty. Coll. 
of City Univ. of N.Y., 16 Misc. 3d 1127(A), 847 N.Y.S.2d 902 
(Sup. Ct. 2007) ("lithe Complaint) fails to set forth the 
particular words alleged to be defamatory"); Cruz v. Marchetto, 
No. 11 Civ. 8378, 2012 WL 4513484, at •3 (S.D.N.Y. Oct. 1, 2012) 
("Here, (Plaintiff) has not pled that [Defendant] published any 
statements to the various media outlets with specificity nor 
demonstrated any fault"). 
Unlike the cases Defendant cites, Plaintiff has alleged 
that the January 3 Statement was made in a press release for 
distribution to the media and the public for the purposes of 
EFTA00593738
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 13 of 20 
refuting Giuffre's story regarding her history of sexual abuse. 
See Compl. 1 30. Plaintiff's Complaint identifies the specific 
allegedly defamatory content by direct quotation. See id. By 
Defendant's own admission, the January 3 Statement was made to 
media in response to Plaintiff's publicized sexual abuse 
history. See e.g. Def.'s MTD at 10 ("Each attributed statement 
responds directly to allegations and claims made by 
Plaintiff."), 17-18 ("The January 3 Statement appears, inter 
alia, in a telegraph (sic] article . . . [containing] the 
following response by Ms. Maxwell's spokesman . . . made in 
response to repeated reputation-harming allegations"). 
Plaintiff has sufficiently pled to specificity of the content 
and context of the allegedly defamatory statements. 
Defendant further argues that the January 4 Statement is 
not actionable, as it was a non-substantive response to 
reporters that amounts to a declination to comment. Def.'s MTD 
at 20. Defendant points out the sum total of the interaction and 
statements recorded were as follows: 
Defendant: 
much." 
Off-Camera 
commenting, 
Defendant: 
Off-Camera 
Defendant: 
"I wish you a happy new year and thank you so 
Individual 1: "So you're basically not 
is that..." 
"I'm referring to the statement that was made." 
Individual 2: "Is any of that true?" 
"C'mon, guys..." 
Def.'s MTD at 20. 
EFTA00593739
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 14 of 20 
Plaintiff has pled that the comment "I'm referring to the 
statement that was made" concerns the January 3 Statement, and 
in doing so, reiterates its content. Comp/. 1 37. "(I]f, upon 
any reasonable view of the stated facts, plaintiff would be 
entitled to recovery for defamation, the complaint must be 
deemed to sufficiently state a cause of action" that survives a 
motion to dismiss. Davis, 24 N.Y.3d at 268 (collecting 
citations). It is a reasonable reading that in "referring to the 
statement that was made," Defendant was implying the content of 
the previous day's press release (particularly in the absence of 
any other "statement that was made"). Whether another listener 
could interpret Defendant's self-described reference merely as a 
declination to comment does not defeat the fact that Plaintiff's 
alleged reading is plausible. 
Finally, Defendant argues the Complaint is facially 
defective for failure to plead special damages. Def.'s MTD at 
23. "However, it is well established that compensable injury is 
presumed if the defamatory statement falls within a category of 
libel per se." Computech Intl, Inc. v. Compaw Computer Corp., 
No. 02 Civ. 2628 (RWS), 2004 WL 1126320, at •12 (S.D.N.Y. May 
21, 2004) (citations and internal quotation marks omitted). 
EFTA00593740
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 15 of 20 
Libel is "actionable per se if it tends to expose another to 
public hatred, shame, obloquy, contempt, ridicule, aversion, 
ostracism, degradation, or disgrace, or to induce an evil 
opinion of one in the minds of right-thinking persons and to 
deprive one of one's confidence and friendly intercourse in 
society or tends to disparage a person in the way of his office, 
profession or trade." Idema v. Wager, 120 F. Supp. 2d 361, 367 
(S.D.N.Y. 2000) (internal marks and citations omitted). 
Plaintiff has specifically pled libel per se on two 
grounds: First, "Maxwell's false statements constitute libel per 
se inasmuch as they 
ridicule, aversion, 
her in the minds of 
exposed Giuffre to public contempt, 
and disgrace, and induced an evil opinion of 
right-thinking persons." Compl. at 9, 1 10. 
Second, "Maxwell's false statements also constitute libel per se 
inasmuch as they tended to injure Giuffre in her professional 
capacity as the president of a non-profit corporation designed 
to help victims of sex trafficking, and inasmuch as they 
destroyed her credibility and reputation among members of the 
community that seeks her help and that she seeks to serve." Id. 
I 11. 
It is plausible that a comment indicating that an 
individual is lying about a history of underage sexual abuse 
EFTA00593741
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 16 of 20 
tends to expose that individual to public contempt as someone 
willing to lie and accuse others of a truly unfathomable and 
morally disgraceful course of action. Society takes accusations 
of pedophilia and sexual abuse sufficiently seriously that it is 
plausible to allege that to claim an individual has made false 
accusations of underage sex abuse would expose that individual 
to public contempt, ridicule, aversion, and disgrace in the 
minds of right-thinking persons. 
Furthermore, for an individual acting in the capacity of 
president of a non-profit corporation designed to help victims 
of sex trafficking, publication of a false narrative of sex 
trafficking would tend to disparage that individual in the way 
of her profession. Defendant's argument that Plaintiff may not 
take advantage of this second ground on the basis that "victim" 
is not a profession ignores the valid profession of non-profit 
advocacy, and the very real importance of perceived competence 
and integrity in the conduct of that professions Plaintiff has 
For example, Somaly Mam, an internationally celebrated anti-sex 
trafficking advocate and head of the Somaly Mam Foundation was accused 
of fabricating her personal story of having been trafficked. Despite 
the irrefutable work of the Foundation on behalf of other victims of 
trafficking, Ham was forced to resign and the Foundation closed as a 
result of the scandal. See Gerhard Joren, Somaly Mam: The Holy Saint 
(and Sinner) of Sex Trafficking, Newsweek, May 14, 2014, available at 
http://www.newsweek.com/2014/05/30/somaly-mam-holy-saint-and-sinner-
sex-trafficking-251642.html; see also Taylor Wofford, Somaly Mam 
Foundation Closes, Newsweek, Oct. 20, 2014, available at 
http://www.newsweek.com/somaly-mam-foundation-closes-278657. 
EFTA00593742
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 17 of 20 
therefore met her burden of adequately pleading libelous 
statements constituting libel per se on two independent grounds, 
and need not plead special damages. Accordingly, Plaintiff has 
sufficiently pled a claim of defamation. 
B. 
Defendant's Intent to Assert Affirmative Privilege 
Defenses Does Not Justify Dismissal 
Defendant argues that the alleged defamatory statements are 
protected by the self-defense and pre-litigation privileges, and 
thus provide grounds to dismiss Plaintiff's complaint. Def.'s 
MTD at 7-16. "New York courts have articulated the standard for 
libel and defamation using various terms, not all of which 
explicitly include malice or the requirement that the statement 
in question lack privilege." Ornstein v. Figel, 677 F. Supp. 2d 
706, 711 (S.D.N.Y. 2009) (citations omitted). At least some 
courts require a defamation claim plead lack of privilege. Id. 
(citing Dillon v. City of N.Y., 704 N.Y.S.2d 1, 5 (1st Dep't 
1999); Roberti v. Schroder Inv. Mgmt. N. Am., Inc., No. 04 Civ. 
2404 (LTS) (THK), 2006 WL 647718, at •8 (S.D.N.Y. Mar. 14, 2006) 
(citing Peters v. Baldwin Union Free Sch. Dist., 320 F.3d 164, 
166 (2d Cir.2003)). 
EFTA00593743
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 18 of 20 
Defendant acknowledges that these privileges are, even if 
applicable, qualified. Def.'s MTD at 8 ("New York. . . 
recognizes a qualified privilege to respond in self-defense") 
(citing Kane v. Orange Cty. Publications, 232 A.D.2d 526, 527, 
649 N.Y.S.2d 23 (1996) (citations omitted) (stating "response to 
unfavorable publicity against [the defendant is] covered by a 
qualified privilege"); Id. at 13 ("Statements made by attorneys 
and parties pertinent to good faith anticipated litigation are 
conditionally privileged."). 
"Qualified privilege is an affirmative defense that must be 
pleaded and proved by the defendant." Kroemer v. Tantillo, 270 
A.D.2d 810, 810, 706 N.Y.S.2d 538, 539 (2000). Plaintiff also 
has a right to rebut the privilege or show it was lost. The 
affirmative privilege defenses are therefore not appropriate for 
resolution on a motion to dismiss. Roberti, 2006 WL 647718, at 
*8 ("Defendant's alternative argument that it is entitled to 
dismissal of the defamation claim on qualified privilege grounds 
must also be rejected at this stage of the litigation" because 
"a claim of qualified privilege may be rebutted"). 
Moreover, to the extent the privileges do apply or lack of 
privilege is a requisite element of Plaintiff's claim, Plaintiff 
has met her burden by pleading facts supporting a plausible 
EFTA00593744
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 19 of 20 
conclusion that the privileges may be rebutted. "Under New York 
law, a qualified or conditional privilege may exist where 
statements are made, without malice, in furtherance of a common 
interest." Block v. First Blood Assoc., 691 F. Supp. 685, 699 
(S.D.N.Y. 1988) (citing Lotighry v. Lincoln First Bank, N.A., 67 
N.Y.2d 369, 502 N.Y.S.2d 965, 494 N.E.2d 70 (1986)). "There is 
no qualified privilege under New York law when such statements 
are spoken with malice, knowledge of their falsity, or reckless 
disregard for their truth." Id. 
Plaintiff has repeatedly pled that the January 3 and 4 
Statement were made with malice and knowledge of their falsity. 
Compl. at 9, 1 10; 10, 1 17. The Complaint pleads adequate facts 
to support these conclusions. See Compl. at 3-7. Specifically, 
Plaintiff has pled that Maxwell assisted and participated in 
Giuffre's trafficking and ultimate abuse. See id. Taking these 
facts to be true as the Court must, it is a logically necessary 
conclusion that Maxwell's denial of this story would be made 
with knowledge of falsity; Maxwell could not have participated 
for the purpose of Plaintiff's trafficking and falsely deny that 
EFTA00593745
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 37 Filed 02/29/16 Page 20 of 20 
fact without knowledge of falsity.s Plaintiff has therefore pled 
sufficient facts to show a plausible defeat of any qualified 
privilege defense. 
IV. 
Conclusion 
For the foregoing reasons and as set forth above, Defend-
ant's motion to dismiss is denied. 
It is so ordered. 
New York, NY 
February 74 
, 2016 
ROBERT W. SWEET 
U.S.D.J. 
s The matter of falsity is for the fact-finder and not appropri-
ate for resolution at the pleading stage. Moreover, the celeb-
rity of third parties implicated in Plaintiff's allegations has 
no bearing on the veracity of her claims, as Defendant suggests. 
EFTA00593746

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593747.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593747.pdf
----------------------------------------
ATTACHMENT TO SEXUAL OFFENDER REGISTRATION FORM 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN
Automobiles, Boats, Aircraft, Te 
hone Numbers, Email Addresses, and Internet Related Information 
- 2 
_ 5 
1—
AUTOMOBILES 
License 
state 
Color 
Black 
Black 
Black 
Black 
Black 
Black 
Black 
Black 
Black 
Black 
Black 
Black 
Black 
Black 
Vah # 
Plate 
Registered 
Property 
2010 Chevrolet Suburban 
1GNUCKE05AR225550 
TED 218 
USVI 
LSJ 
Now Mexico 
LSJ 
_ 
Florida  
Florida 
Now Mexico 
Now MSc° 
2002 Mercedes Benz S500 
WDBNG75J02A217037 
NHL 552 
New Mexico
USVI 
I New Mexico 
2010 Chevrolet Suburban 
1GNUKKE30AR251129 
TEW 896 
2007 Hummer H2 
5GRGN23U57H100289 
CPK 643 
2006 Bentley Arnage RL 
SCBLE37G26CX19439 
GEN Z02 
I Florida 
2012 Cadillac Escalade 
1GYS4JEF4CR216976 
NHL 381 
I New Mexico 
2008 Range Rover 
SALSH23448A128123 
MLD 718 
New Mexico 
2013 Dodge Caravan 
2013 Ford Expedition EL 
2C4R0GBG7DR597495 
TEM 492 
USVI 
New Mexico 
LSJ 
1FMJK2A55DEF21918 
522 RZZ 
New Mexico 
2015 Chevrolet Suburban 
1GNSKKKC5FR146556 
NAL 159 
I New Mexico 
New Mexico 
2015 GMC Yukon Denali 
1GKS2JKJ0FR553299 
TET 575 
USVI 
LSJ 
2016 Mercedes-Maybach S600X 
WDDUX7GBOGA174352 
GWG 4871 
New York 
Now York 
2015 GMC Yukon Denali 
1GKS2JKJ9FR646337 
Y57 AYH 
Florida 
New York 
Florida 
2015 Chevrolet Suburban 
1GNSKJKC6GR125114 
HCP 5713 
New York 
I 
-I-
Boat 
Registration 
Hull ID 
BOATS 
Names 
Number 
Number 
1999 35' Ribtec with Yamaha Engine 
Nana 
nla 
nla 
PRD 
2709-TC 
99507 
LSJ 
2011 Yamaha VX1800A-KB 
4106-TC 
US-YAMA2823D111 
LSJ 
2011 Yamaha VX1800A-KB 
4105-TC 
US-YAMA3205C111 
LSJ 
2006 31' Cape Horn 
0730-TC 
FAB31056K506 
LSJ 
2008 36' Procat 
Little C 
Ava -1968 73' LMC-8 (barge) 
Big N 
2907-TC 
WJIF1016B808
LSJ
LSJ 
2583-TC 
74CM6763 
2012 Bombadier Sea Doo 
n/a 
4641-TC 
YDV19326E212 
LSJ 
2013 34' Spats S-10500/K 
Little S 
Registration 
Tail Number 
N908JE 
N331JE 
N212JE 
4772-TC 
PL-SPTZ1969G313 
LSJ 
Airports - for all locations 
AIRCRAFT 
The Cyril E. King airport in St. Thomas 
1968 Boeing 727 
2001 Bell 430 
West Palm Beach International Airport and Boca Raton Airport 
1988 Gulfstream G-N 
Santa Fe Municipal Airport &Albquerque International, New Mexico 
John F Kennedy International Airport Newark International Airport & 
Teterboro, NJ plus East 34th Street He port - 34th Street 
Wall Street Heliport - Pier 6 & FDR Drive & VIP Heliport 
& FDR Drive, 
- West 30th 
Street & 12th Ave 
Long Island MacArthur Airport and Stewart Intemationa Airport 
LANDLINES 
JEE lines 
LSJ 
JEE lines 
LSJ 
JEE lines 
LSJ 
JEE lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
LSJ 
staff lines 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
EFTA00593747
--- PAGE 2 ---
374 
as 
'stat( 
staff bes 
LSJ 
---
LSJ 
--
linas 
'stafflinas 
LSJ 
Istag fines 
LSJ 
!stoff bes 
LSJ 
IstagIlnes 
istag 
LSJ 
--- 
LSJ 
bes 
'stafflinas 
LSJ 
Istag Ilnes 
LSJ 
!stoff bes 
LSJ 
4Ti 
IstagIlnes 
LSJ 
--- 
LSJ 
stat( bes 
'stafflinas 
LSJ 
Istag Ilnes 
LSJ 
!stoff bes 
LSJ 
475 
471 
;Ki l 
-Kl 
58I 
äta 
CI 
IstagIlnes 
istag 
LSJ 
___ 
LSJ 
bes 
'stafflinas 
LSJ 
Istag Ilnes 
LSJ 
!stoff bes 
LSJ 
-fax 
- fax 
- fax 
^ 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
- fax 
• 
• 
• 
fax 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
stag Ilnes 
LSJ
LSJ 
slag bes 
stoff Ilnes 
LSJ 
JEE line 
Florida 
Staff line 
Florida 
Staff line 
Florida___ 
Florida 
Staff line 
Staff line 
Florida 
Staff line 
Florida 
Staff line 
Florida 
Staff line 
Florida 
New Mexico 
New Mexico 
JEE line 
JEE line 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
JEE line 
New York — 
New Y7417 
Staff line 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
fax 
• 
fax 
• 
• 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
CELLPHONE 
INTERNET RELATED INFORMATION - SEE NOTE BELOW 
EMAIL ADDRESSEA 
EFTA00593748
--- PAGE 3 ---
._ 
WEBSITES 
wwwjeffreyepstein.org 
wwwjeffreyepsteinblog.com 
www.jeffreyeosteinusvi.com 
yvwwjeffreyesptein.net 
TWITTER 
Jeffrey epstein 
Jeffreyepsteinl 
INSTAGRAM 
jeeproJect 
FAC1TIME 
(212) 533.3739 
SKYPE 
OTHER INTERNET ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
Type 
Company 
Screenname 
User Name 
411 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
8coupons 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
aboutui.oin 
public profile 
Jeffrey Epstein 
MI
AirTell 
JeffreyEpsteln 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
AllTop 
article directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
BestOfTheWeb 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Blogspot (vn•Avieffreyepsteinblog.com) .blog host 
the Jeffrey Epstein Foundation 
Brand Yourself 
online management Jeffrey Epstein 
ChamberofCommerce.com 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Citysearch 
CitySguares 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
IJeffreyEpstein1 
— 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
CligSearch 
business directory 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Cricket 
Jeffre E. kiln VI Foundation 
Crunchbase 
science/technology 
Jeffrey Epstein 
business directory 
I 
Delicious 
public profile 
jeffreyepsteint 
DexKnows 
business directory 
Digg 
public profile 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation 
Disquis 
social ntwk directory Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
DNB 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
oLocal 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Factual 
business directory 
Flick( 
social ntwk directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Flick( 
social ntwk directory Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation
Forbes.com 
online magazine 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Gather 
public profile 
Jeffrey Epstein 
afire _epstein 
Jeffreyespteinfoundation 
GetFave 
Go Daddy 
business directory 
website 
website 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
vnivieffrfiyepstein.org 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
vniv.Jeffreyepstelnusyl.com 
Jeffreyepstelnfoundatlon 
website 
www.Jeffreyepsteln.net 
effreyepsteinfoundation 
Google + 
public profile 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Google Maps 
business directory 
Grant Watch 
grant directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Grant Watch 
foundation directory Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
HopStop 
Hothot 
idealist.org 
Indeed 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
fit job srch engine 
employment directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Insiderpages 
Instagram 
Instagram 
Knout 
Linkedln 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
social ntwk directory Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
4303M 
social ntwk directory jeeproOct 
social ntwk directory Jeffrey Epstein 
public profile 
Jeffrey Epstein 
stein 
Live 
public profile 
Jeffrey Epstein 
LocalDatabase 
business directory 
Jeffre Epstein VI Foundation 
EFTA00593749
--- PAGE 4 ---
Tmanta 
klapauest 
kierchantCircle 
Myspace 
Patch 
Penny Saver 
Philanthropy.Com 
PhoneNumber 
Photobucket 
Pinterest 
Pockety 
PR.00rn 
ShowMeLocal 
SlideShare 
4Sodahead 
Stumbleupon 
Supermedia.corn 
Superpages 
superpages.com 
Switchboard 
Technorati 
Twitter 
USCity.net 
\Arne° 
White & Yellow Pages 
Wikipedia 
Wikipedia 
YaSabe 
Yellowbook 
YellowElot 
YellowPageCIty 
Yellowpages 
business directory
business directory 
business directory 
public profile 
business directory
business directory 
foundation directory 
business directory
public profile 
public profile 
business directory 
press releases 
business directory 
social ntwk directory 
public profile 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
social ntwk directory 
business directory 
public profile 
publioprofile 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
public encyciodpedia 
public encyciodpedia 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory
'Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey_Epstein 
JeffreyEpstein2 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
iee
ff
frfr
e
iyierpstei
tein
J 
 n VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
jeffreyepsteint2 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation
Jeffrey
Jeffre 
Epstein 
yEpstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Turvillo 
ADDITIONAL WEBSITES AND BLOG SITES MAINTAINED BY THIRD PARTIES WITH CONTENT RELATING TO 
PHILANTHROPIC. SCIENCE OR BUSINESS RELATED ACTIVITIES OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
wynyieffreyepstein9Lwonipress.00m 
www.jeffreyeosteins.blogspot.com 
NOTE: Mr. Epstein has retained third parties to provide reputation management services. These third parties 
independently create Internet aocouMe. weskits, blog sites. associated email addressee and other web-based 
accounts and content concerning Pk. Epstein. but which are neither created nor used by Mr. Epstein. 
Out of an abundance of caution, however, Mr. Epstein has been disclosing and will continue to disclose such Internet 
related information, and any changes and additions thereto. as and when such information is disclosed to him by such 
third party reputation management senile. providers. Certain accounts gated above that were established 
by such third party reputation management service providers provide links to weblike*. email addresses and other 
accounts (all of which are listed above) associMed We Mr. Epstein andior his business, science or philanthropic related activities. 
EFTA00593750

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593751.pdf
----------------------------------------
data 
CUSTOM AUDIO VIDEO 
February 22, 2016 
HOME THEATER SURROUND SOUND EQUALIZERS 
Mr. Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Re: 9 East 71st Street 
Equipment 
1,645 
Labor 
750 
Sales Tax  
146
Total 
$1,791 
Please find below an estimate to add equalizers to the 6th floor audio system for each of the 5 audio channels. 
ITEMIZED EQUIPMENT AND LABOR 
Qty 
Brand 
Model 
Description 
Each 
Price 
ARQ 
EQ351 
band graphic equalizer 
$150 
$750 
Canari 
MCO5 
XLR cable 
145 
Labor Estimate (invoiced at $125 per man hour unless noted otherwise) 
Equipment installation and set up 
750 
Sub Total 
1,645 
Sales Tax 8.875% 
146 
$1,791 
Equipment pricing and availability are subject to change based upon manufacturers policies. 
1792 West 11th Street Brooklyn NY 11223 Tel 718.787.9699 
EFTA00593751

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593752.pdf
----------------------------------------
BIOMATICS CAPITAL 
INVESTING AT THE INTERSECTION OF HEALTHCARE & TECHNOLOGY 
EFTA00593752
--- PAGE 2 ---
Disclosures 
This presentation (the "Presentation") is provided for reference and information purposes 
only. It is not intended to be, and must not be, taken as the basis for an investment 
decision. This presentation does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer 
to buy any securities and may not be used or relied upon in evaluating the merits of 
investing in Biomatics. Offers and sales are made only pursuant to any confidential 
private placement memorandum, the limited partnership agreement, subscription 
agreements and other definitive documentation of Biomatics (the "Biomatics 
Documentation") and in accordance with applicable securities laws. The information set 
forth herein does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to 
the Biomatics Documentation. This Presentation is not a part of or supplemental to such 
definitive documentation. This Presentation is superseded in its entirety by the Biomatics 
Documentation. Please see the Appendix for further disclosures 
BIOMATICS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP 
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00593753
--- PAGE 3 ---
In the next decade breakthrough science and technology 
will fundamentally transform the practice of medicine and 
delivery of healthcare. 
Biomatics Capital partners with the leading innovators and 
entrepreneurs translating science and technology into the 
next generation of world-class healthcare companies 
By integrating the best of science with sound investment 
practice, the Fund will create extraordinary financial value 
for our investors and health outcomes for our communities. 
BIOMATICS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP 
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00593754
--- PAGE 4 ---
Biomatics Capital Partners, L.P. 
• $150-200mm venture fund investing at the intersection of healthcare and 
technology; $150mm in commitments to date, with final close in September 
• Exceptional deal flow based on the team's seven years of investing together 
in these types of businesses 
• Focused investment thesis on sectors with greatest potential for 
disruption: genomics and digital health 
• Diversifying early-stage (Series A and B) risk across portfolio of 15-20 
companies, with opportunity to double-down on successful pre-IPO growth 
capital investments through SPV structure 
• Significant GP contribution ($10rnm) aligning interest with LPs 
• Existing portfolio of eight warehoused companies transferred to the Fund 
at cost (despite anticipated near-term valuation increase) 
BIOMATICS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP 
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00593755
--- PAGE 5 ---
Investment Team 
We have invested together in the technology, healthcare and life sciences sectors for the last 
seven years within institutions supported by Bill Gates, allowing us to establish: 
• Demonstrated track record of integrating the best of science with sound investment practice to 
generate outsized returns 
• Relationships with leading academics, pharma executives and VCs built on history of co-
investments and partnerships 
BIOMATICS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP 
DR. BORIS NIKOLIC 
Managing Director 
Notable deals 
• Editas 
• Foundation Medicine 
• Shrodinger 
Experience 
• Chief Advisor for Science and 
Technology to Bill Gates 
Faculty at Harvard Medical 
School 
Co-founder of biotech 
companies (IMDx, Aquatrove) 
Education 
• Harvard (Post-Doc) 
• University of Zagreb (MD) 
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL -NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
JULIE SUNDERLAND 
Managing Director 
Notable deals 
• Anacor 
• CureVac 
• bKash 
• Abraaj Growth Markets 
Health Fund 
Experience 
• Director of Gates Foundation's 
$1.5B strategic investment pool 
(Chair of investment committee; 
funded 50 investments, 
including 30 in healthcare) 
Education 
• Wharton (MBA) 
• Harvard (BA) 
EFTA00593756
--- PAGE 6 ---
Biomatics Unique Advantages 
ESTABLISHED 
NETWORK 
generating extraordinary deal flow 
Global investors as LPs, 
including Bill Gates 
Leading scientists in academic center 
(e.g., Harvard, Stanford and MIT) 
Pharma companies, industry experts 
and venture capitalists (e.g., Khosla 
and ARCH) 
TEAM AND ADVISORY 
BOARD WITH DEEP 
TECHNICAL 
KNOWLEDGE 
allowing for differentiation and 
validation of underlying 
science, data and 
management teams 
BIOMATICS CAPITAL PARTNERS, 
_itNTIAL - NO 
CAPACITY TO PROVIDE 
OPERATIONAL 
SUPPORT 
to companies through 
technical expertise, access to 
strategic relationships, and 
Board participation 
EFTA00593757
--- PAGE 7 ---
Areas of Opportunity 
New medicine offers an alternative path to sustainably shifting healthcare costs, and genomics 
and digital health systems are central to this transformation. 
GENOMICS REVOLUTION 
driving low cost DNA sequencing that is 
transforming the development of diagnostics 
and therapeutics 
• Molecular diagnostics allowing for highly precise 
and accurate diagnosis and prevention 
• Next generation therapeutics developed based 
gene mapping, new mechanisms of action and 
optimization of clinical trials 
• Personalized medicine customizing treatments 
to the genetic profile of patient 
DIGITAL HEALTH REVOLUTION 
allowing for new data-driven business 
models that are transforming the delivery 
of healthcare: 
• Accountable care organizations and other 
outcome-based delivery models 
• Medically recommended sensors enabling fast, 
cheap and continuous monitoring of numerous 
health parameters of high risk patients 
• Wireless data collection, cheap data storage, 
and cloud computing allowing for big data 
analysis and solutions 
*The Fund does not plan to invest in traditional drug-discovery, diagnostic, or medical-device companies. 
BIOMATICS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP 
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00593758
--- PAGE 8 ---
Structural Change 
U)
O 
• 
U)
OLD MEDICINE is contributing to 
unsustainable rise in healthcare 
costs... 
• Doctor-driven disease management of 
acute conditions 
• Symptom / point of origin diagnostics 
• Expensive, broad-based hit or 
drug development 
• High cost physical infrastructure with 
price-insensitive reimbursement 
...but we are in 
a transformative 
period... 
CAGR% 8.2 
GDP 19.6 
...where 
NEW MEDICINE can 
dramatically improve 
outcomes at lower costs 
• Patient-driven health management 
based on data 
• 
• Targeted drug development based 
on molecular profiling 
• Low cost cloud-based data infrastructure 
with outcome-based pricing 
Molecular diagnosis based on gene 
targeting and cell biology 
1970 1974 1978 1982 1986 1990 1994 1998 2002 2006 2010 2014 2018 2022 2024 
*Source: CMS 
BIOMATICS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP 
US National Health Expenditures* 
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL — NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
Historical (1970-2013) 
Projected (2014-24) 
EFTA00593759
--- PAGE 9 ---
Potential Value Creation 
DIGITAL HEALTH 
REVOLUTION 
$1 Trillion in value shifting to 
new big data and patient-
centric delivery models 
(with $500mm in cost savings) 
$23B in Healthcare IT 
$59B in Global mHealth 
GENOMICS 
REVOLUTION 
$1.6 Trillion in economic impact from 
genomics revolution in health (and 
agriculture and substance production) 
$20B in Sequencing Technology and Apps 
$8B in Molecular Diagnostics 
REGULATORY & 
REIMBURSMENT 
PATHWAYS 
RIGHT PEOPLE 
to navigate complexity 
of regulatory and 
reimbursement 
ecosystem 
DEEP 
UNDERSTANDING 
of regulatory 
environment 
CLEAR VALUE 
PROPOSITION 
and use case for 
payors 
Sources: Mckinsey, IIlumina, BCC Research, Research and Markets' North American Healthcare IT Market Report 
BIOMATICS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP 
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL — NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
Outsized value 
creation 
opportunities 
for new 
companies 
EFTA00593760
--- PAGE 10 ---
Biomatics Investment Approach 
• Early evaluation of 
CRISPR Cas-9 
technology 
• Institutional 
relationships (MIT, 
Broad, Harvard) 
• Series A Investors 
(Flagship, Polaris, Third 
Rock) 
• Academic network (Eric 
Lander, Feng Zhang) 
Built relationship with 
CEO Katrine 
Boseley 
• Led $120mm Series B 
• Negotiated term sheet/ 
valuation 
• Mobilized investors for 
$31mm SPV (e.g., 
Gates. Petersons, 
Bonderman) 
; 
• Board member 
• Active engagement in 
IP-related issues 
• Tapped network to build 
team and Board 
Weekly support and 
advice for CEO 
3X Valuation 
>400% IRR 
• Company IPOed Jan 
2016 
• -6X over- subscribed at 
$16/share in 
challenging market 
editas 
MEDICINE 
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
BIOMATICS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP 
EFTA00593761
--- PAGE 11 ---
Warehoused Portfolio 
Investments completed by members and funded by Biomatics' Partners have been transferred 
at Cost to the Fund despite near-term anticipated valuation increases 
Company 
To-date 
Total* 
Investment Thesis 
Description 
GRAIL 
$7.5mm
$17.5mm
Genomics —
Diagnostics 
Breakthrough pan cancer screening test using genomics 
sequencing 
Twist 
$2.5mm 
$2.5mm 
Genomics - 
Synthetic DNA 
Scale production of synthetic DNA for biological applications, 
with potential for data storage 
AlCure 
$1mm 
$6mm 
Digital Health — 
Remote Monitoring 
Advanced medication adherence solutions powered by artificial 
intelligence 
Aledade 
$2.5mm 
$10mm 
Digital Health - 
New Models 
New data-driven business model for accountable health care 
from primary health care physicians 
Omniome 
$1.5mm 
$5mm 
Genomics - 
Sequencing 
Next generation low-cost sequencing platform 
Denali 
$12mm 
$12mm 
Genomics — Next
Gen Therapeutics 
Focus on neurodegenerative diseases such as Parkinson's and 
Alzheimer's 
DIgISight 
$4.2mm 
$7.5mm 
Digital Health —
mHealth 
mHealth application enabling mobile diagnostics for 
ophthalmology, connecting physicians to patients 
Blue Talon 
$0.5mm 
$5mm 
Digital Health —
Data Security 
Enterprise-level data security for healthcare 
TOTAL 
$31.7mm 
$65.5mm 
*Total expected investment including current commitment and follow-on rounds 
BIOMATICS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP 
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL — NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00593762
--- PAGE 12 ---
Diversifying Risk / Return 
I 
O i__, 
= Z 
Ow 
c
Y 
}— co 
w 
< 
> 
Iii Z 
Ce —
m 
ii
O w 
_i E
ur F-
f/) 
w LIJ 
<
O Z 
EXECUTION-DRIVEN 
TECHNOLOGY-DRIVEN 
BIOMATICS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP 
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00593763
--- PAGE 13 ---
Advisory Board 
We have strategically selected advisors who will: 
• Act as entry points to broader networks, whether VC, academic or pharma 
• Help validate science and business issues 
• Provide active support on a weekly basis on a range of issues (rather than formal meetings) 
ROBERT NELSEN 
Co-Founder, Managing Director 
of ARCH Venture Partners 
• Leading biotech investor in US 
• Long-term supporter on range of issues 
TREVOR MUNDEL 
President Global Health, Bill 
and Melinda Gates Foundation 
• Former Global Head of Development at 
Novartis 
• Advisor on scientific and pharma-related 
issues 
BIOMATICS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP 
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
ROBERT S. LANGER 
David H. Koch Institute 
Professor at MIT 
Prolific inventor, company creator and 
node of Boston entrepreneurial network 
Advisor on scientific and company-
building issues 
MARK S. BLUMENKRANZ 
Professor and Chairman of the 
Department of Ophthalmology, 
Stanford University 
• Founding director of the Byers Eye 
Institute at Stanford 
• Prolific company creator and node of 
Stanford entrepreneurial network 
• Advisor on scientific and company-
building issues 
EFTA00593764
--- PAGE 14 ---
Team Development 
• 
Recruiting two investment professionals 
1. Identified PhD scientist with investment experience 
2. Search for candidate with strong finance/ diligence skills 
• 
Team and support in place: 
Marco Fiorese 
Role 
• 
Senior Advisor, 
European and Asian 
partnerships & 
investor relations 
Experience 
• 
Strategic advisor to 
US & European tech 
companies 
• 
Covered direct 
investments with 
global investors from 
US, Europe, Asia and 
Middle East 
Yeon Cramer 
Role 
• 
Business 
Operations 
Manager 
Experience 
• 
Bill Gates Family 
Office (bgC3) 
• 
Farallon Capital 
BIOMATICS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP 
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
Standish 
MANAGEMENT 
El 
Standish Management 
Role 
• 
CFO function, 
including capital calls, 
distributions, 
reporting, 
coordination of 
accounting 
Team 
• 
Bill Hughlett (CFO), 
ex-CFO Voyager 
Capital 
• 
Bradford Smith 
(Controller), ex-PWC 
• 
Stone Connell 
(Controller), ex-PWC 
EFTA00593765
--- PAGE 15 ---
Terms and Fund-raising 
• Standard VC terms: 
- 
2.5% management fees 
— 20% carry 
— 10+1+1 year term 
— $10mm GP commitment 
• Fund-raising: 
— Currently $125mm in commitments, out of $150mm target 
— Targeting strategically and philosophically aligned investors with unique 
perspectives, expertise and/or regional coverage for final close 
— Based on investor interest, may increase fund size beyond target, with hard cap at 
$200mm 
BIOMATICS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP 
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00593766
--- PAGE 16 ---
DISCLOSURES 
EFTA00593767
--- PAGE 17 ---
Disclosures 
THE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS IN THE FUND DESCRIBED HEREIN (THE INTERESTS') HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 'SECURITIES ACT) OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA (THE "U.S.") OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY OTHER 
COUNTRY OR JURISDICTION. THE ISSUER IS RELYING ON EXEMPTIONS FROM SUCH REGISTRATION OR QUALIFICATION. INVESTORS MAY BE REQUIRED TO 
HOLD THE INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. OTHER IMPORTANT RISK FACTORS ARE EXPLAINED IN DETAIL IN THIS DOCUMENT. NO 
GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY HAS APPROVED. DISAPPROVED. ENDORSED. OR RECOMMENDED THIS OFFERING. NO INDEPENDENT PERSON HAS CONFIRMED 
THE ACCURACY OR TRUTHFULNESS OF THIS DISCLOSURE, NOR WHETHER IT IS COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS ILLEGAL. 
THIS PRESENTATION DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL OR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE INTERESTS AS TO ANY PERSON IN ANY 
JURISDICTION IN WHICH IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION. WITHIN THE U.S. THIS OFFERING IS MADE AS A PRIVATE PLACEMENT 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 4(2) OF THE SECURITIES ACT, AND ONLY TO PARTIES THAT ARE "ACCREDITED INVESTORS' AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A) OF 
REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. OUTSIDE THE U.S.. THIS OFFERING IS MADE PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. ONLY 
TO PARTIES THAT ARE NOT "U.S. PERSONS" AS DEFINED IN SUCH REGULATION, AND PURSUANT TO EXEMPTIONS FROM APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF 
OTHER COUNTRIES ("NON-U.S. SECURITIES LAWS"). 
THIS PRESENTATION IS NOT A PROSPECTUS OR AN ADVERTISEMENT, AND THE OFFERING IS NOT BEING MADE TO THE PUBLIC. 
THIS OFFERING IS MADE IN RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND NON-U.S. SECURITIES 
LAWS AS DESCRIBED ABOVE. THE FUND DOES NOT INTEND TO REGISTER THE INTERESTS UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY NON-U.S. SECURITIES LAWS 
IN THE FUTURE. THERE CURRENTLY IS NO PUBLIC OR OTHER MARKET FOR THE INTERESTS AND THE GENERAL PARTNER OF THE FUND (THE "GENERAL 
PARTNER') DOES NOT EXPECT THAT ANY SUCH MARKET WILL DEVELOP. ALL OF THE INTERESTS. WHETHER ACQUIRED WITHIN THE U.S. OR OUTSIDE THE U.S. 
WILL BE RESTRICTED SECURITIES" WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND THEREFORE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED BY A 
PURSU
ANTEREOF WITHIN THE U.S. OR TO A "U.S. PERSON' UNLESS SUCH TRANSFER IS MADE PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION UNDE 
REGULATION
ITIES ACT, 
TO AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. OR IN A TRANSACTION OUTSIDE THE U.S. PURSUANT TO THE RESALE PROVISIONS OF 
S. 
MOREOVER. THE INTERESTS MAY BE TRANSFERRED ONLY WITH THE CONSENT OF THE GENERAL PARTNER AND THE SATISFACTION OF CERTAIN OTHER 
CONDITIONS. 
THE INTERESTS ARE SPECULATIVE AND PRESENT A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. INVESTORS IN THE FUND ("INVESTORS') MUST BE PREPARED TO BEAR SUCH RISK 
FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME AND ABLE TO WITHSTAND A TOTAL LOSS OF THE AMOUNT INVESTED. 
THE FUND IS EXPECTED AND INTENDED TO PURSUE A VENTURE CAPITAL STRATEGY. THE INTERESTS ARE BEING OFFERED SUBJECT TO VARIOUS 
CONDITIONS, INCLUDING: (A) WITHDRAWAL. CANCELLATION OR MODIFICATION OF THE OFFER WITHOUT NOTICE; (B) THE RIGHT OF THE GENERAL PARTNER TO 
REJECT ANY SUBSCRIPTION FOR AN INTEREST, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR ANY REASON; AND (C) THE APPROVAL OF CERTAIN MATTERS BY LEGAL COUNSEL. 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS OWN COSTS IN CONSIDERING AN INVESTMENT IN AN INTEREST. NEITHER THE GENERAL PARTNER 
NOR THE FUND SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR WHOSE SUBSCRIPTION IS REJECTED IN WHOLE OR IN PART. 
THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THIS PRESENTATION IS CONFIDENTIAL AND INCLUDES TRADE SECRETS THE DISCLOSURE OF WHICH WOULD CAUSE HARM 
TO THE FUND, THE GENERAL PARTNER AND OTHER PARTIES. RECEIPT AND ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRESENTATION SHALL CONSTITUTE AN AGREEMENT BY 
THE RECIPIENT THAT THIS PRESENTATION SHALL NOT BE REPRODUCED OR USED FOR ANY PURPOSE OTHER THAN IN CONNECTION WITH THE RECIPIENTS 
EVALUATION OF AN INVESTMENT IN AN INTEREST. THIS PRESENTATION IS THE PROPERTY OF THE GENERAL PARTNER AND. EXCEPT AS HELD BY A LIMITED 
PARTNER OF THE FUND, MUST BE RETURNED UPON REQUEST. 
BIOMATICS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP 
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00593768
--- PAGE 18 ---
Disclosures 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO THE FUND, THE GENERAL PARTNER, 
OR THE INTERESTS, OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN THIS PRESENTATION, THE FUND'S CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM, THE FUND'S 
AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, THE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT TO BE EXECUTED BY EACH INVESTOR, OR AN OFFICIAL WRITTEN SUPPLEMENT TO 
THIS PRESENTATION APPROVED BY THE GENERAL PARTNER. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE CAUTIONED AGAINST RELYING UPON INFORMATION OR 
REPRESENTATIONS FROM ANY OTHER SOURCE. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING. A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR MAY RELY UPON WRITTEN RESPONSES TO 
ITS INQUIRIES THAT ARE CLEARLY MARKED BY AN OFFICER OF THE GENERAL PARTNER AS INTENDED TO BE RELIED UPON BY SUCH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE NOT TO CONSTRUE THIS PRESENTATION AS INVESTMENT. LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE AND THIS PRESENTATION IS NOT INTENDED 
TO PROVIDE THE SOLE BASIS FOR ANY EVALUATION OF AN INVESTMENT IN AN INTEREST. PRIOR TO ACQUIRING AN INTEREST. A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR 
SHOULD CONSULT WITH ITS OWN LEGAL, INVESTMENT, TAX. ACCOUNTING. AND OTHER ADVISORS TO DETERMINE THE POTENTIAL BENEFITS, BURDENS AND 
OTHER CONSEQUENCES OF SUCH INVESTMENT. IN PARTICULAR, IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF EACH INVESTOR TO ENSURE THAT THE LEGAL AND 
REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS OF ANY RELEVANT JURISDICTION OUTSIDE THE U.S. ARE SATISFIED IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH INVESTOR'S ACQUISITION OF 
AN INTEREST. 
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE DETERMINED BY THE GENERAL PARTNER OR ITS AFFILIATES, NO ACTION HAS BEEN OR WILL BE TAKEN IN ANY JURISDICTION 
OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES THAT WOULD PERMIT AN OFFERING OF THESE SECURITIES. OR POSSESSION OR DISTRIBUTION OF OFFERING MATERIAL IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF WISHINGECURITIE$„IN ANY COUNTRY OR JURISDICTION WHERE ACTION FOR THAT PURPOSE IS REQUIRED. IT IS 
RELEVANT 
TERRITORY 
OF ANY PERSON 
 TO PURCHASE THESE SECURITIES TO SATISFY ITSELF AS TO FULL OBSERVANCE OF THE LAWS OF ANY RELEVANT 
TERRITORY OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH PURCHASE, INCLUDING OBTAINING ANY REQUIRED GOVERNMENTAL OR OTHER 
CONSENTS OR OBSERVING ANY OTHER APPLICABLE FORMALITIES. 
CERTAIN DOCUMENTS RELATING T
ASSESSND WILL BE COMPLEX OR TECHNIC
AND 
CONDITI0NSD PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MAY REQUIRE THE ASSISTANCE 
OF LEGAL COUNSEL TO PROPERLY
THE IMPLICATIONS OF THE TERMS 
 SET FORTH THEREIN. LEGAL COUNSEL TO THE FUND AND 
THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL REPRESENT THE INTERESTS SOLELY OF THE FUND AND THE GENERAL PARTNER. NO LEGAL COUNSEL HAS BEEN ENGAGED BY 
THE FUND OR THE GENERAL PARTNER TO REPRESENT THE INTERESTS OF PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IS URGED TO ENGAGE 
AND CONSULT WITH ITS OWN LEGAL COUNSEL IN REVIEWING DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE FUND. 
EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE SPECIFICALLY INDICATED. THIS PRESENTATION SPEAKS AS OF THE DATE HEREOF. NEITHER THE SUBSEQUENT DELIVERY OF 
THIS PRESENTATION 
THE FUND
SALE OF INTERESTS 
HEREOF. ALL DUTIES TO
REPRESENTA
PRESENTATIONE HAS BEEN NO CHANGE IN THE AFFAIRS, PROSPECTS 
OR ATTRIBUTES OF THE FUND SINCE THE DATE HEREOF. ALL DUTIES TO UPDATE THIS
ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY 
STATED TO THE CONTRARY THEREIN. ANY OFFICIAL SUPPLEMENT OR UPDATE TO THIS PRESENTATION SHALL BE DEEMED TO ADDRESS ONLY THE SPECIFIC 
SUBJECT MATTER THEREOF AND SHALL NOT BE DEEMED A REPRESENTATION THAT THERE HAS BEEN NO OTHER CHANGE IN THE AFFAIRS, PROSPECTS OR 
ATTRIBUTES OF THE FUND SINCE THE DATE HEREOF. 
THIS PRESENTATION SUPERSEDES ALL PRIOR VERSIONS. FROM AND AFTER THE DATE OF THIS PRESENTATION, PRIOR VERSIONS OF THIS PRESENTATION 
MAY NOT BE RELIED UPON. 
BIOMATICS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP 
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00593769
--- PAGE 19 ---
Disclosures 
NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN IS, OR SHOULD BE RELIED UPON AS, A PROMISE OR REPRE
PERFORMANCE
 THE FUTURE PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND. 
STATEMENTS, ESTIMATES, TARGETS AND PROJECTIONS WITH RESPECT TO SUCH FUTUR
SET FORTH IN THIS PRESENTATION ARE BASED 
UPON ASSUMPTIONS MADE BY THE GENERAL PARTNER WHICH MAY OR MAY NOT PROVE TO BE CORRECT. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE 
ACCURACY OF SUCH STATEMENTS, ESTIMATES, TARGETS AND PROJECTIONS. SIMILkRLY, NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN IS, OR SHOULD BE RELIED UPON AS, 
A PROMISE OR REPRESENTATION AS TO THE EXTERNAL CONDITIONS AND CIRCUMSTANCES UNDER WHICH THE FUND WILL OPERATE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, OVERALL MARKET CONDITIONS, TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENTS AND OTHER MATTERS OUTSIDE THE CONTROL OF THE GENERAL PARTNER). 
OVERALL PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MUST NOT RELY UPON ANY MATTERS DESCRIB
CONTROL PRESENTATION PARTNEROT WHOLLY WITHIN THE 
OF THE GENERAL PARTNER. EVEN WITH REGARD TO MATTERS WHOLLY WITHIN THE
 OF THE GENERAL 
 THE ACTIVITIES UNDERTAKEN BY 
THE GENERAL PARTNER IN MANAGING THE FUND MAY DIFFER FROM THOSE DESCRIBED IN THIS PRESENTATION DUE TO UNE)(PECTED EXTERNAL CONDITIONS 
OR OTHERWISE. THIS PRESENTATION DOES NOT SUBJECT THE GENERAL PARTNER TO BINDING OBLIGATIONS. ONLY THOSE OBLIGATIONS EXPRESSLY SET 
FORTH IN A DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT EXECUTED BY THE GENERAL PARTNER SHALL BE BINDING UPON THE GENERAL PARTNER. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE CAUTIONED NOT TO RELY UPON ANY INFORMATION IN THIS PRESENTATION REGARDING THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE 
GENERAL PARTNER ITS MEMBERS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES AS INDICATIVE OF THE FUTURE PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND. PAST PERFORMANCE 
DOES NOT ENSURE LITURE PERFORMANCE. 
CERTAIN OF THE FACTUAL STATEMENTS MADE IN THIS PRESENTATION ARE BASED UPON INFORMATION FROM VARIOUS SOURCES BELIEVED BY THE 
GENERAL PARTNER TO BE RELIABLE. THE GENERAL PARTNER, ITS OFFICERS, THE FUND AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES HAVE NOT INDEPENDENTLY 
VERIFIED ANY OF SUCH INFORMATION AND SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE INACCURACY OR INADEQUACY THEREOF. 
EACH INVESTOR THAT ACQUIRES AN INTERE
PROVISIONS
OME SUBJECT TO THE FUND'S PARTNERSHIP AGREEMEN
AGREEMENTLICABLE SUBSCRIPTION 
AGREEMENT. IN THE EVENT ANY TERMS OR 
 OF SUCH PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OR SUBSCRIPTION
CONFLICT WITH THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESENTATION, SUCH PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OR SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT SHALL CONTROL. 
THIS PRESENTATION CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 27A OF THE SECURITIES ACT. THESE STATEMENTS 
INCLUDE THE PLANS AND OBJECTIVES OF MANAGEMENT FOR FUTURE OPERATIONS, INCLUDING PLANS AND OBJECTIVES RELATING TO FUTURE GROWTH OF 
THE FUND. THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS INCLUDED HEREIN ARE BASED ON CURRENT EXPECTATIONS THAT INVOLVE NUMEROUS RISKS AND 
UNCERTAINTIES IDENTIFIED IN THIS PRESENTATION. ASSUMPTIONS RELATING TO THE FOREGOING INVOLVE JUDGMENTS WITH RESPECT TO IMPOSSIBLEER 
THINGS, FUTURE ECONOMIC, COMPETITIVE AND MARKET CONDITIONS AND FUTURE BUSINESS DECISIONS, ALL OF WHICH ARE DIFFICULT OR 
O 
PREDICT ACCURATELY AND MANY OF WHICH ARE BEYOND THE FUND'S CONTROL. ALTHOUGH THE FUND BELIEVES THAT THE ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING 
THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE REASONABLE, ANY OF THE ASSUMPTIONS COULD BE INACCURATE AND THEREFORE THERE CAN BE NO 
ASSURANCE THAT THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS INCLUDED IN THIS PRESENTATION WILL PROVE TO BE ACtURATE. IN LIGHT OF THE SIGNIFICANT 
UNCERTAINTIES INHERENT IN THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS INCLUDED HEREIN, THE INCLUSION OF SUCH INFORMATION SHOULD NOT BE REGARDED 
AS A REPRESENTATION BY THE FUND OR ANY OTHER PERSON THAT THE FUND'S OBJECTIVES AND PROJECTIONS WILL BE ACHIEVED. 
BIOMATICS CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP 
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
EFTA00593770

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593771.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 299 
Entered on FLSD Docket 09/15/2009 
Page 1 of 5 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court on Plaintiffs Motion for Protective Order Re 
Contact of Third-Parties by Private Investigators Retained by Defendant (D.E. #226). For 
the following reasons, said Motion is denied. 
In this case, which has been consolidated for purposes of discovery, Plaintiffs are 
former under-age girls who allege they were sexually assaulted by Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein ("Epstein"), at his Palm Beach mansion home. The scheme is alleged to have 
taken place over the course of several years in or around 2004-2005, when the girls in 
question were approximately 16 years of age. As part of this scheme, Epstein, with the 
help of his assistant Sarah Kellen, allegedly lured economically disadvantaged minor girls 
to his homes in Palm beach, New York and St. Thomas, with the promise of money in 
EFTA00593771
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 299 
Entered on FLSD Docket 09/15/2009 
Page 2 of 5 
exchange for a massage. Epstein purportedly transformed the massage into a sexual 
assault. The three-count Complaint alleges sexual assault and battery (Count I), 
intentional infliction of emotional distress (Count II), and, coercion and enticement to 
sexual activity in violation of 18 U.S.C. §2422 (Count III). 
In an effort to mount a defense to the claims asserted against him in this case, 
Epstein has employed private investigators to contact third-parties believed familiar 
with any of the Plaintiffs herein and obtain background information about them that 
may prove helpful to his defense. By the instant Motion, Plaintiffs seek an order that 
would prevent Epstein from continuing in this fashion by ordering that Epstein's 
attorneys and investigators "(I) ...cease making ex parte contacts with non-parties 
identified in plaintiffs' discovery responses... .(ii) ... cease making ex parte contacts 
with nonparties found during the course of discovery or investigation who know the 
plaintiff or live in her community, ...land] (iii)... cease making ex parte contacts with 
nonparties who otherwise know one of the plaintiffs personally but who are unaware 
that she is an alleged victim of childhood sexual abuse by Jeffrey Epstein." Plaintiffs' 
Mtn., pp.5-6. According to Epstein, "Plaintiffs' have several preexisting and 
diagnosed conditions for which they now attempt to pawn off on Epstein in an effort 
to increase their damages,"' and granting Plaintiffs request to disallow investigators 
from contacting these third parties "would violate Epstein's due process rights to 
defend himself, and would further not allow Epstein a full opportunity to confront the 
' Epstein's Resp. (D.E. #262), p.6 
EFTA00593772
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 299 
Entered on FLSD Docket 09/15/2009 
Page 3 of 5 
Plaintiffs that have made allegations against him with the necessary material to 
properly cross-examine them at trial."2
A Protective Order issued pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 26(c) is based on the standard 
of "good cause," which calls for a "sound basis or legitimate need" to limit discovery of the 
subject information. In re Alexander Grant & Co. Litigation, 820 F.2d 352, 356 (11th Cir. 
1987). The burden is on the party seeking the protective order to demonstrate good cause 
for its issuance. See Phillips v. Gen. Motors Corp. 307 F.3d 1206, 1210-11 (9th Cir. 
2002); In re Agent Orange Products Liability Litigation, 821 F.2d 139, 145 (2d Cir. 1987); 
19th Street Baptist Church v. St. Peters Episcopal Church 190 F.R.D. 345, 348 (E.D. Penn. 
2000). The Court finds that Plaintiffs have failed to satisfy their burden of demonstrating 
good cause for a protective order to issue. 
The Court agrees with Epstein in this instance and finds that limiting Epstein's 
investigation of the claims asserted against him in the manner suggested strips from 
Epstein the ability to mount a defense and, as such, would violate Epstein's Sixth 
Amendment Right to confront witnesses, and the due process clause of the Fifth and 
Fourteenth Amendments. As Epstein correctly observes, the rules of discovery 
contemplate the hiring of investigators and, assuming certain parameters are met, 
also protect the information obtained thereby as work-product. See Alachua Gen'l 
Hosp.. Inc. v. Zimmer USA. Inc. 403 So.2d 1087 (Fla. 1s' DCA 1981) In re Faro 
Technologies Securities Litigation 2008 WL 205318 (M.D. Fla. 2008); Fed. R. Civ. 
'Id. at 9. 
EFTA00593773
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 299 
Entered on FLSD Docket 09/15/2009 
Page 4 of 5 
P. 26(b)(3)(B). To restrict Epstein in the manner described would result in Epstein 
having to rely only on those "handpicked" witnesses disclosed by Plaintiffs in 
discovery, and would thereby prejudice Epstein in mounting his defense to the 
claims raised against him. 
The Plaintiffs in these consolidated cases are seeking millions of dollars in 
personal injury damages for, among other things, "physical injury, pain and suffering, 
emotional 
distress, psychological 
trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, 
embarrassment, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, [and] invasion of her privacy." 
1To combat these claims Epstein will have to bring forth evidence to disprove and/or 
find information that diminishes Plaintiffs' damage claims. This is his right. The 
Record in this case is clear that the childhood of many of the Plaintiffs was marred 
by instances of abuse and neglect, which in turn may have resulted, in whole or in 
part, in the damages claimed by Plaintiffs. Under these circumstances, where 
Plaintiff is seeking millions of dollars in personal injury damages for physical injury, 
pain and suffering, emotional distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, 
humiliation, and the like, a full investigation by private investigators hired by Epstein 
and/or his attorneys into Plaintiffs' background, including Plaintiffs' past and present 
psychological, familial and social histories is reasonable and shall not be denied.4
Plaintiff, Andriano's First Am. Compl., Counts l - XXX. 
The Court notes that in reaching the within conclusion, review and 
consideration was made of the various declarations filed by Plaintiffs in support of 
EFTA00593774
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 299 
Entered on FLSD Docket 09/15/2009 
Page 5 of 5 
In accordance with the above and foregoing, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Plaintiffs Motion for Protective Order Re Contact 
of Third-Parties by Private Investigators Retained by Defendant (D.E. #226) is DENIED. 
S eetterria‘c 
1S7 
DONE AND ORDERED this Au9uat 15, 2009, in Chambers, at West Palm Beach, 
Florida. 
Winn 
LINNEA R. JO 
ON 
UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
CC: 
The Honorable Kenneth A. Marra 
All Counsel of Record 
their claim that Epstein's investigators were acting in ways which were harassing, 
humiliating to Plaintiffs and/or otherwise designed to intimidate and finds said 
allegations without foundation. 
EFTA00593775

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593776.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593776.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ami Sheth/New 
York/Kirkland-Ellis 
08/21/2008 11:27 AM 
To 
cc 
bcc 
Subject Fw: Follow-up point 
Ami Sheth I Kirkland & Ellis LLP Citigroup Center I 
153 East 53rd Street I New York, NY 10022 I 
212-446-4773 Direct [212-446-6460 Fax I 
— Forwarded by Ami Sheth/New York/Kirkland-Ellis on 08/21/2008 11:27 AM 
Jay Lefkowitz/New 
York/Kirkland-Ellis 
To "Martin Weinberg >. 
Ami 
Sheth/New York/Kirkland-Ellis@K8E. 'Michael Tein" 
. "Darren " <-
08/14/2008 04:05 PM 
CC 
Subject 
Marty - let's discuss. 
From: "Villafana, Ann Marie C. (USAFLS)" 
Sent: 08/14/2008 03:27 PM AST 
To: Jay Lefkowitz 
Cc: "Atkinson, Karen (USAFLS)" < 
Subject: RE: Follow-up point 
Dear Jay: 
Fw: Follow-up point 
[el 
>; "Roy BLACK" 
The modification contained in the December letter is clear and simple, that is why we were not 
surprised by Mr. Epstein's and his attorneys' actions affirming acceptance of the modification. 
Mr. Epstein's acceptance of the modification by pleading guilty was equally clear and simple --
it followed written communications from Mr. Sloman and myself that read: "Mr. Epstein has 
until the close of business on Monday, June 30, 2008, to comply with the terms and conditions of 
the agreement between the United States and Mr. Epstein (as modified by the U.S. Attorney's 
December It letter to Ms. Sanchez), including entry of a guilty plea, sentencing, and 
surrendering to begin his sentence of imprisonment." 
As clearly stated in the December letter, only those "individuals whom [the United States] was 
prepared to name in an Indictment as victims of an enumerated offense" are the beneficiaries of 
the agreement. That is the list of names that I provided to Messrs. Goldberger and Tein 
following the change of plea. Under the September/October agreement, all "individuals whom 
[the United States] has identified as victims" are the beneficiaries, so I would prepare a 
supplement to the earlier list to include identified victims whom we were not yet prepared to 
EFTA00593776
--- PAGE 2 ---
name in an indictment. 
Again, as stated in the letter, the modification replaces paragraphs 7 and 8 of the Agreement, 
including paragraphs 7A through 7C that are included in the October Addendum. This means 
that Mr. Epstein's waiver of "his right to contest damages up to an amount as agreed to between 
the identified individual and Epstein" will no longer exist, nor will Mr. Epstein's obligation to 
pay for the victims' counsel. Paragraphs 9 and 10 are still in effect. This includes the statement 
that there is no admission of civil or criminal liability, and that, "[e]xcept as to those individuals 
who elect to proceed EXCLUSIVELY under 18 USC § 2255, ... Epstein's signature [cannot] be 
construed as admissions or evidence of civil or criminal liability." This addresses your question 
regarding exclusivity. 
I don't think that Mr. Epstein has to make any constructive admissions of conviction. He only 
needs to admit that the 32 girls whose names I have provided to Mr. Goldberger are "victims" of 
an offense listed in 18 U.S.C. 2255. 
Please let me know if you have any additional questions. Thank you. 
A. Marie Villafana 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone 561 209-1047 
Fax 561 820-8777 
From: Jay Lefkowitz [mailto 
Sent: Thursday, August 14, 2008 2:39 PM 
To: Villafana, Ann Marie C. (USAFLS) 
Cc: Atkinson, Karen (USAFLS); 
Subject: Re: Follow-up point 
Marie - In reviewing your December proposal, there are a couple of things I don't understand. 
What limits are placed upon individuals who proceed under 2255 as if "Mr. Epstein had been tried 
federally and convicted of an enumerated offense." In other words, what individuals would have this 
right? And would these individual only have this right if they proceeded exclusively under 2255? Also, 
to what enumerated offenses do you think would Mr. Epstein have to make constructive admissions of 
conviction? and how many such offenses? And against whom? Remember that while you may have 
investigated various offenses, he only plead guilty to certain state crimes. 
Finally, would paragraphs 8-10 of the September Agreement still be operative? 
I am trying hard to understand what you have intended by the December letter. Alex has says he thinks it 
benefits Jeffrey, and I am open to understanding it that way. But I would like some clarity on these 
issues. 
Thanks -- Jay 
EFTA00593777
--- PAGE 3 ---
"Villafano, Ann Mario C. (USAFLS)" 
08.14:2008 12.44 P?vi 
To
ceAtkinson Karen USAFLS " 
SubjecFollow•up point 
Hi Jay — I forgot to mention that I can no longer argue that the Court shouldn't force us to 
produce the agreement because we have already provided the victims with the relevant portion 
when I now understand from you that I have NOT provided them with the relevant portion. 
A. Marie Villafaiia 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone 561 209-1047 
Fax 561 820-8777 
333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333::::::::::: 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Kirkland & Ellis LLP or Kirkland & Ellis International LLP. 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notif us immediate) by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
*********************************************************** 
EFTA00593778

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593779.pdf
----------------------------------------
"Villafana, Ann Made C. 
MUSAFLS \)" 
09123/2007 08:04 PM 
To "Jay Lefkowitz" 
cc 
bcc 
Subject RE: Revised agreement 
is definitely under 18 still, and I think there is a second minor. The appointment of ffill 
guardian ad litem is to provide you with a mechanism to make contact with the girls and to give 
them the assistance of an independent attorney who represents them (as opposed to me, who 
represents the government). If you are willing to provide the girls with independent counsel, at 
Mr. Epstein's expense (and I get to pick the attorney), that is alright with me. 
From: Jay Lefkowitz [mailto 
Sent: Sunday, September 23, 2007 6:55 PM 
To: Villafana, Ann Marie C. (USAFLS) 
Subject: Re: Revised agreement 
Will do. 
do you need a guardian ad litem at all? Are any of the 40 under 18 now? 
Original Message 
From: "Villafana, Ann Marie CAUSAFLSI) 
Sent: 09/23/2007 06:52 PM AST 
To: Jay Lefkowitz 
Subject: Revised agreement 
Hi Jay - Can you look at this? Especially paragraph 7. I think this covers the exclusive 
remedy concern you had. 
<<070923 Epstein Non-Prosecution Agreement final.pdf» 
tee tee tee tee tee tee tee tee tee tee et eeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Kirkland & Ellis LLP or Kirkland & Ellis International LLP. 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
*****************************************MMMMMM 
EFTA00593779

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593780.pdf
----------------------------------------
0079
ei,71).°6
frit ri4il, Meg-
&lig° 
e4 risk 
E*vr sogptiv5 i-vcrfn r, 
mg/ V* 
1(4- -WI NN is, T/ZN, 
9£, (/Miek, 
liking 
Pe Cowry' Hew 10)02,0 
Ange-11, 
SCALE: 1"..20' 
coveivcrt.. 
I0 
/44 
gy Cifiteg) 
N-1/4— 
RAIL. FerAle•E 
- 
Mew ateDEN 
WTI tiftvignin Cyr w 
7r,P,P Anietk 
749P PP lrnrk-e- it APPRoic. 0.B. AWE AFP14,1), 
Stra PL-41,1
Odell 
& Associates 
$1111170111 
el 
eh.' Pata 
Pa PDX 1976 
MIS di/ ? 74 8701
le Chet ed 
"ea° Vole 
52gail,A54 
1.11 
• 
,__ 
Sheet 
off 
EFTA00593780
--- PAGE 2 ---
67p 
aloft 
on" 
(wipe. 
47pc 4
~9' 
ot• 
6410e,
Zoz 
06./ 
04, 7 
i t
Ti 
C-ot 
Otte 
"iv 
0.60
/no 
C-0*- 
cri 
OA 
----.L.....„..,..,C
............
IP.* 
Le' •-•-•'''..'"--... 
/P.0 
'---*-....... 
P•07:
06.6 
i y
C 4 1' 
Pile" 74440 Pap-
Into 
Z4 fish 
EAT ‘7412•CreA/5 142e-rfri.D. 
Alkv 
2,11-17eN / 
Z14, i9E, 4/MPA 
afrbtM1 PE CopArn' AfEk/ 
to 
06.9 
c•I`- 
°3,3
01.3 
z z 
44_ 
03.c 
_ 
e,-2 
Cis 
/PP 
/0,p 
fq23.
.to.p 
Fos,
Z 
C -It 
Ci t
o2.4
V. 9 
cr. 
C-I 
C.
; 
ET3 
SCALE: 1"-t2O' 
to 
UAW? 
covotrt_ 
144 spiv fel' C13,e;c14) 
— Mew eAFLD£N r-im its 
x 
5761 isv,4 lies/ C. Err ry war OF AricKE 
TOP BP t/7fic-S iS A PPOPx. 40.11,4thrve eau® 
FAT? tafrriov5 IC v'T 5ntr 
Oden 8(4.s
' soc,:fates 
m yern • 
MIMS 
ra PDX 1976 
700 as mutt 66 
MORIARIY: API 87035 
:737254 391.171112 
11W 
s
• 
e 
e
ne 
e 
row,' 
job
13/k-f3 
boo! eell 
1/Ar 
EFTA00593781

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593782.pdf
----------------------------------------
Leslie J. Garfield and Company 
Apartment for Sale 
I 
ti if
Ii 
10248 
Description 
Greene Street Dream. This full floor loll condo has been designed 
with incredible style. The nearly 13 feet ceilings and huge windows 
create the most amazing drama. The outlook is charming with trees 
and wonderful Soho architectural details. The grand entertaining 
space with an open Kitchen could be the setting for a fabulous large 
scale party or a very intimate gathering. The chefs Kitchen has the 
finest in stainless steel appliances, custom cabinetry and stunning 
finishes. The mid-tone strip hardwood floors are the perfect contrast 
to the pure white walls which reflect the streaming sunlight. The 
Master Suite is large with an almost square bedroom, a huge 
dressing room and a spacious, tastefully designed windowed bath. 
The gracious sized L shaped Library has 3 east facing windows 
which draw in the morning light. Additionally there is another 
bedroom with an adjacent full bath, as well as a sleep loft. A private 
laundry room, 2 storage rooms complete this great property. Step off 
the cobblestone street into this unique loft which captures the real 
Soho lifestyle, a property that should not be missed. Apartment 
Features: East exposure, West exposure, Floors - hardwood, Light -
excellent, Windows - oversized, Modern kitchen, Renovated 
bathroom, Storage space, Walk in closets, Great closet space, 
Washer/dryer, Dishwasher, Security system Building Features: Alarm 
system, Video security, Cable TV ready, High speed Internet. 
Exclusive of CORC 
The Corcoran Group. 
Address:  
 129 Greene Street 
a 
Apartment: 
2FL 
Cross Street: 
PRINCE & HOUSTON 
Price: 
$9,400,000.00 
Maintenance/CC: 
Real Estate Taxes: 
$1,393.00 
Rooms: 
MI= 
Bedrooms: 
Baths: 
Approx. Sqlt: 
3517 
Attended Lobby: 
Building Type: 
CONDO PREWAR LOFT 
For further information please contact: 
Leslie J. Garfield Re 
212-371-8200x44 
(cell) 
al Estate 
Al rag:maim kannt4 raivedrop peccony ro, NM rOMOI a enrocroeMmforce, dalfrot0 1111/0,. OM no warranty a nixecentzeco n made nip We =we,/ fling and some Is sameed tritlect to can rnicionek Sorge 0• POCO. ROW 
a caw ccesan pea Stle.10/.0 Off leisno,cp a Veltideatell Va./SA t*N 
AI CiTacilab COO ipaa011(0). 
Gtosoralcd by Reallikts LLC Copyright (c) 2001-2004 FloalPlus LLC 
EFTA00593782
--- PAGE 2 ---
Leslie J. Garfield and Company 
Apartment for Sale 
3666540 
Description 
Brilliant light, quality craftsmanship, and timeless design mingle to 
create a one of a kind, Duplex Penthouse. This 3-bedroom Loft offers 
4500sf of interior living, 3400sf of outdoor space and a private 
elevator! The key-locked elevator opens directly into the lower level 
where you find classic open-style loft living, 11' 6" ceilings, exposed 
brick walls, skylights, 2 bedrooms, 2 baths, and home office. The 
skylit chef's kitchen features a 5-burner Miele cooktop, double 
ovens, Sub-Zero & Italian granite counter tops. 
A spectacular 
cantilevered solid oak & steel staircase leads to a 2nd entertaining 
space, kitchenette, 3rd bedroom & full bath. Experience unparalleled 
Indoor/outdoor living with breathtaking water views via floor to 
ceiling windows that slide open to the terrace. Outside are multiple 
entertaining areas, and top notch materials - IPE decking, granite 
sandstone, hot tub, custom lighting & irrigation systems. Boutique 
Condo with video security, PT super, & bike storage. Exclusive of 
SOTH Sothebys International Realty. 
Building Amenities: Doorman, Concierge. 
Address: 
481 Greenwich Street 
Apartment: 
PHB 
Cross Street: 
Canal Street/Spring Street 
Price: 
59,750,000.00 
Maintenance/CC: 
$1,837.24 
Real Estate Taxes: 
S2,253.58 
Rooms: 
Bedrooms: 
Baths: 
3.5 
Approx. Stift: 
4500 
Attended Lobby: 
Y 
Building Type: 
CONDO PREWAR ELEVATOR 
For further information please contact: 
Leslie J. Garfield Real Estate 
212-371-8200x44 
(cell) 
Al rirnMinn In•t.edr[gwQrp Prtie, 00, rte,, renal 
rivegro often. uuLce, elterrrm t  tit of no %rants cr r 
Lynne - apt as if, re =war"; thereq re 'am, a fitmlled 52, I CM) MO". CrittArn tarry! CO rCe fMla 
Ce dhlt Cfraitra. plo 
iceae Or UW0,2 01,Aitif I ant WrOtil r0100 A16,040(4 ire fgrOxma.) 
Generated by FlealPtus LLC Copyright (c) 2001-2001 RealPlus LLC 
EFTA00593783
--- PAGE 3 ---
Leslie J. Garfield and Company 
Apartment for Sale 
9094695 
Description 
Originally erected in 1929 as a parking garage and later used as a 
cardboard manufacturers warehouse, 73 Wooster is a massive loft 
building that sits 55+1- ft wide. This superbly proportioned space 
features soaring 14+/- ft ceilings, giant casement windows, and 
wonderful sunlight throughout. Measuring nearly 4400+/- sq ft there 
are four huge bedrooms, 4.5 baths, a private media room, and full 
size laundry room. The loft is in triple mint condition with wide plank 
wood floors, a beautiful fireplace, and an extra large kitchen with 
dual refrigerators along with a professional grade stove. 73 Wooster 
Is a condominium building with a full time doorman and only six 
residential units. Located on a quiet cobblestone block between 
Spring and Broome Street. Additional storage is included with the 
purchase of this residence. Exclusive of SOTH 
Sothebys 
International Realty. 
Building Amenities: Doorman, Courtyard. 
Address: 
Wooster Street 
Apartment: 
3AWEST 
Cross Street 
Spring St 
Price: 
S10.500.000.00 
Maintenance/CC: 
Real Estate Taxes: 
55,235.00 
54.423.00 
Rooms: 
Bedrooms: 
Baths: 
Approx. Stift: 
4366 
Attended Lobby: 
Y 
Building Type: 
CONDO PREWAR LOFT 
For further information please contact: 
Leslie J. Garfield Real Estate 
212-371-8200x44 
(cell) 
Al rlomAinn IntAtdeti/ATIA, VOCA,ey ro, za*, MAW or rtwr.2-0 Ay won yArce, StArrvAl /Ay. DJ no 'Arrant, a, 
ft dna <0,1,60, 4 Vu  Age lex.A o,lrwtna 
Aitif I anal AurOul rOIM AICIAAMOrts 
apcsAanAt.) 
LV,o,  l 
aSA as is re Aix krew thrAA/ ere fame.% utmned A.tteaN M0", 0—.5...WA Car- cArece ,felt 
Generated by FlealP1us ti
c Copyright (c) 2001-2004 RealPlus LLC 
EFTA00593784
--- PAGE 4 ---
Leslie J. Garfield and Company 
Apartment for Sale 
7-
!! 
j r
iN 
o 
. 
Z 
I 
I 
8546896 
Description 
The charm and allure of Downtown living Is exquisitely embodied in 
this intimate, impeccably-restored new loft condominium In the 
coveted SoHo Cast Iron Historic District. Idyllically situated between 
Spring and Broome Streets amid chic restaurants, boutiques and 
galleries is one of the area's few townhouses, originally built in 1860 
as a combined residence and storefront for a silk merchant. 70 
Greene is today celebrated for its pristine renovation and conversion 
(2012) into 2 gorgeous full-floor lofts, a spectacular triplex 
penthouse, and a ground-level commercial space housing the Italian 
fitness icon, Technogym. With its historic grandeur meticulously 
preserved, this distinctive landmark building has been artfully 
redefined as the epitome of luxury, location and quality by developer 
Valera() Morabito, architect Joseph Pell Lombardi and the Alveary 
Architecture design team.This breathtaking triplex penthouse with 
direct elevator access is a striking statement of modern elegance 
offering 3 levels of stunning interiors and outdoor space.Oversized 
windows showcasing views of Soho and double glass-door 
accessing 3 large terraces with sealed Ipe? hardwood decking create 
a contemporary light-filled oasis. Complete with generously-
proportioned living, entertaining and kitchen space, this incredible 4 
bedroom 5 bath home is the Ideal setting for hosting gatherings and 
everyday comfort. The state-of-the-art kitchen makes meal 
preparation ...Exclusive of TRES 
Town Residential, LLC. 
rAddress: 
Greens Street 
Apartment: 
PH 
Cross Street: 
Spring & Brooms Maga 
Price: 
$12,500,000.00 
Maintenance/CC: 
Real Estato Taxes: 
$5,753.00 
Rooms: 
ale 
Bedrooms: 
Baths: 
Approx. Sqft: 
3919 
Attended Lobby: 
Building Type: 
CONDO POSTWAR WALKUP 
For further information please contact: 
Leslie J. Garfield Real Estate 
212.371-8200x44 
(cell) 
nIcanalicn trashed reortiap property fo, vs*. remelt" from.", is fro, lone, deemed reaet4e. b no sverrentf cc nixecentalco Is mock es le Se occtrecy Ilicvec1 Ind same Is sts,moled eVaect to Mn rova 
clarro of price, team( 
or ohs <ci-aiwo plCv tele loam., In:00,00 %OP dthileal vorCul raLs) Al Ci-aftrOtri ore apwathitta. 
Generated by Real Plus LLC Copyright (c) 2001-2004 RealPlus LLC 
EFTA00593785
--- PAGE 5 ---
Leslie J. Garfield and Company 
Apartment for Sale 
 ' 
moor atorsoctoot et lb 
3365949 
Description 
Revel In the most glamorous duplex loft penthouse in the very finest 
Soho location just steps from The Mercer hotel. This 3,063 square 
foot 3 bedroom/3.5 bathroom duplex loft condominium offers 
unparalleled urban indoor/outdoor living with over 1,600 square feet 
of outdoor space on two set-back terraces plus spectacular roof 
terrace. The key-locked elevator opens directly into a dramatic entry 
featuring a custom, light-filled stair beneath a glass-wrapped 
solarium. The main living floor offers a gracious, open plan flowing 
seamlessly through folding glass nano-walls from the east-facing 19' 
x 23' Sunrise terrace through the perfectly-proportioned Great Room 
with oversize gas fireplace past the dramatic tri-level stair to a sleek 
Varenna Canaletto Walnut island Kitchen opening through a second 
glass nano wall onto the west-facing 18' x 23' Sunset terrace with 
elegant outdoor gas fireplace and refreshing outdoor shower. The 
custom kitchen has been thoughtfully finished with Calacatta Gold 
marble slab stone surfaces, Dornbracht Tara fixtures in polished 
chrome, and complete Miele appliances including vented hood, built-
in coffee maker and wine refrigerator. An ultra-luxurious Powder 
Room featuring a Waterworks Grove Brickworks accent wall in 
Hargrove Sky blue as elegant counterpoint to the Duravit vanity with 
polished chrome legs and Lefroy Brooks Kafka fixtures in polished 
chrome, recessed mirror with custom recessed lightin...Exclusive of 
DEGI Douglas Elliman Real Estate. 
-Address: 
111 Mercer Street 
,r
Apartment: 
PH 
Cross Street: 
Spring & Prince Streets 
Price: 
$12,500,000.00 
Maintenance/CC: 
Real Estate Taxes: 
$5,323.00 
Rooms: 
Bedrooms: 
Baths: 
• 
Approx. Salt: 
3063 
Attended Lobby: 
Building Type: 
CONDO POSTWAR WALKUP 
EP 
For further information please contact: 
Leslie J. Garfield Real Estate 
212-371-8200x44 
(cell) 
Al Mania. kasther/ registry propeny ta tole. re.101 fmrcrg tan Naves deMA0 rat*. ba no warranty a mvartalaus.ade as to to accency iheyea Ind gars O iKme00 ' ,Oita 
ema5. rowan Oarrie O1 play. 'add 
a aria an:laws. flea sae. lusoel uiwOnaa,it a Rya Airaii rat* NI alitord'ord ore aporaarata. 
Ganorolod by RealPlus LLC Copyright (c) 2001.2004 RealPlus LLC 
EFTA00593786

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593787.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593787.pdf
----------------------------------------
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
2221 SMITHTOWN AVENUE. LONG ISLAND MACARTHUR AIRPORT. RONKONKOMA. NEW YORK 11779 
631.737.5900 P 
631.737.1249 F 
September 30, 2013 
Gulfstream IV, 
Serial No. 1085, 
Registration No. N212JE 
Divan-
JE notes that the foam build up on the GIV is different than the Glib. 
Additionally. JE states that the foam densities on the new back and bottom cushions of the divan in the 
GIV are different and noticeable when you deploy the divan to the berthing position. I want to open up 
both divans to personally see and identify the foams that were used. Bottom line is that Jeffrey wants us 
to use the foam from the Glib in the new upholstery for the GIV. 
Entry Curtain-
Jeffrey had noted previously that he would like the gap between the top of the entry rain curtain and the 
headliner kept to an absolute minimum to help keep the noise out from the entry door to the cabin. 
Doors -
There are a couple of door in the galley and aft lavatory that opened in flight. 
Aft Lavatory to Baggage Door-
JE identified that the door would not latch properly in flight. 
Tables-
JE noted difficulty in the deployment / stowing of the side ledge tables in flight. 
Entertainment System -
Obviously we need to send the battery back-up out for repair/ replacement so that it holds the prescribed 
settings of the head unit. 
Conference Pedestal-
The decorative trim ring at the base of the conference table pedestal vibrates. 
L.11-1 #2 Single Seat-
JE noted that when compared to the R/H #2 seat, the electric seat function controls are not sequenced 
the same (fwd / middle / aft switch functions). Additionally, JE would like to know if there is a way to "limit" 
the recline on this seat so that the passenger does not "crush" the back of the aft facing double seat? 
Main Cabin Area Fluorescent Lighting-
As identified prior to flight, there are certain lights in the upwash / downwash lighting that are inoperative 
and/or intermittent. 
EFTA00593787
--- PAGE 2 ---
R/H Galley-
Difficulty deploying the fwd slide out cutting board in flight. 
Galley and Lavatory Door/Drawers-
JE had requested we apply the clear / felt (whichever works best) bumpers to prevent the doors and 
drawers from rattling. 
Credenza Insert-
Replace the inserts with new dividers lined with cork. 
Cockpit Camera-
R/H #2 Master Switch Panel-
JE had previously requested that we look into it MCC could reprogram the two (2) discarded switch 
functions to control the shades "ALL UP" and "ALL DOWN". 
Conference Table Cup Holders-
To be discussed with JE and this item updated post conversation. 
EFTA00593788

--- SOURCE: VOL00009__IMAGES__0199__EFTA00593789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: VOL00009\IMAGES\0199
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00593789.pdf
----------------------------------------
VALAR 
Vt.N ulf 
Valor Global Fund III LP Capital Call 
June 20, 2016 
Dear Southern Trust Company, Inc., 
Thank you again for your partnership in Valor Global Fund III LP (the Fund). The Fund is calling 
capital from you in the amount of $250,000.00, which represents 1% of your total commitment of 
$25,000,000.00. This capital contribution is due on or before Friday July 1, 2016. 
After this capital contribution, you will have contributed 1% of your total commitment with a 
remaining 99% of total unfunded commitment, which is detailed below. 
Total Commitment: 
Total Contributions as of July 1, 2016: 
Total Unfunded Commitment: 
$25,000,000.00 
$250,000.00 
$24,750,000.00 
Please wire your funds in accordance with the following instructions: 
Due Date: 
Amount Due: 
Bank Name: 
ABA#: 
Beneficiary Name: 
Beneficiary Account: 
Friday July I. 2016 
$250,000.00 
Silicon Valley Bank 
121140399 
Valor Global Fund Ill LP 
3301520427 
If you should have any questions regarding this information, please feel free to contact me at 
Sincerely, 
Reuben Kobulnik 
COO/CFO 
+1 (646) 559-0458 
Valor Ventures LLC 915 Broadway Stile 1 101 New York. New York 10010 WWW.VOIOLCOM 
EFTA00593789
